"•trange processes, ilawry
 certain to H* dime**"
 •inns at a pretty rapid rate aitbm Ibis
 national enclosure. It is estimate
 that not less than four hundred
 rants” hare been said from the Pts*
 trict—mostlv, of cowee, from the cities
 of Washington und fieorgetown—
 last reason; say within el ff ta
 months. U is also
 that number hare (•lira** uv
 the tefatey pnocifl*. ««l
 North m pursuit
 Cif course this double business will go
 w?t£X*e or less briskness till the
 »lavc fabric here melU away, and its
 place is supplied by the “industry of
 freedom.” What an infamy upon the
 nation! How foul a reproach upon a
 people, themselves shielded by the pan*
 olpy of free institutions! A sorrowful
 young man just came to me for assist
 •nee. A girl at the age of eighteen,
 of his acquaintance, and brought op a
 neighbor to him, and whom, 1 ceyw*
 fare, he sincerely and ardently fore*,
 has been sold, and is now in the pen.
 Her matter disposed of her, because
 her brother, some weeks since, made
 his escape, and he did not know how
 contagious the love of liberty in the
 family might prove! -The slave trader
 will take five hundred dollars for her,
 if her friends can make the purchase.
 Of strangers, he would demand consid
 erably more than that sum!
 My pen was stopped at the close of
 the last sentence for the recital of an
 other tale, and to hear the claims ol
 other victims urged. A man was yes
 terday told bv a white brother in his
 church—the Methodist—that his family
 were sold—-a wife and four children;
 and that if he could do it, he had better
 provide for their safety at once, before
 the tmder could come for them! He
 has secreted them for the time. What
 •ball be done next? He, himself, poor
 fellow, is the property of another per
 son! How shall the rescue of that
 family from the hands of gamblers in
 human sinews, be effected The
 whole North would lend boats, coaches
 or horses, but rotes—the mightiest ol
 all powers in this republic—they have
 not the honesty or the independence tc
 lend or give! I shall have occasion tc
 refer to these cases again, perhaps. Il
 is now time to finish these paragraphs.
 For news, matters are rather dull just
 now. After the holidays,” we shall
 move faster, and I’ll tell you heaps
 of gossip. Yours, ever,
 HONEOYE.
THE NORTH STAR,
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 14, 1848.
JOII* C. CALIIOL*.
 This bold senatorial defender ef slavery,
 and faithful sentinel upon its bloody ramparts,
 ever vigilant* unwearied, and undeviating in
 his devotion to the American slave system,
 has recently betrayed his fears in the senate,
 as to the effect which the present false, foul,
 and infernal war, waged against Mexico, will
 have upon what he terms the peculiar insti
 tutions” of our republican government. In
 the speech before us, and which may be found
 ii the first page of out present number, he
 stoutly opposes the further prosecution of the
 war, with its present aims and designs;
 counsels the withdrawal of our army to a line
 which he does not designate scouts the idea
 of taking inhabited and cultivated lands as in
 demnity from Mexico; explains the motives
 which led him to propose peace resolutions
 last winter; demonstrates the absurdity ol
 that miserable pretence of “conquering a
 peace shows that the more victories gained
 the more difficulties wc shall find in making
 peace; shows, also, that we have been de
 tected by our owa success; argues the im
 possibility ef a free government springing up
 under the care of a conquering nation argues
 the inferiority of the Mexican people; depre
 cates with much apparent solemnity the ex
 tinction of the Mexican government; and
 thinks the incorporation of her people with
 those of the United States, would be a death
 blow to our free institutions.”
 In reading this speech, the question natur
 ally arises, What has given this new and
 singular shape to his policy? What terrible
 signs in the firmament, moral and political,
 has this prophet of tyranny discovered Why
 docs he abandon, or seem to abandon his
 notions of extending slavery m Mexico?
 From whence come those gloomy apprehen
 sions which he so eloquently sets forth in the
 Senate? Happily for us, we neeu not long
 remain'in doubt. A little reflection supplies
 the required information. Mr. Calhoun is a
 slaveholder. Slaveholding has been for years
 the very sun of his political system. Not a
 measure has been proposed or adopted by
 by him, but has lieen thoroughly examined in
 the red light of slavery. In this light he re
 gards men as well as measures. It is his great
 test of character. Unite with him in this, and
 bo will forget all other differences; differ
 from limn in this, and he forgets and repu
 diates all other points of agreement. Ha
 regards Slawuy as the very corner-stone of
 our republican institutions,” —as the most
 safe and stable basis of free institutions in the
 world and so far from being in any sense
 an evil, he considers it a positive good. He
 speaks as coolly about a man 1* fetters as
 he would of a horse in harness. The con
 dit.on of the former is to his mind as pro
 per as that of the latter. His iron heart is
 yet to throb the first time in pity for the
 heart-broken slave; and his lips have yet to
 confess the first sting of a guilty conscience.
 What Mr. Calhoun has been, we may well
 presume he now is; and on the truth of this
 presumption will depend the correctness of
 the solution of hie motives for opposing the
 war and abandoning his system of slavery
 propagan Jism- He etthet sees or apprehends
 danger to slavery, in the prosecution of the
 war, and the consequent Meeting out of the
 Mexican republic He begins to nee, that to
 subjugate, and fasten slavery upon a people
 and territory already free, is a move altoge
 ther too bold, and one that must only react
 tg ibu his darling institution. For once,
 tin.* brass-browed manetealer seems cheeked
 in his nefarious designs, by the well-expressed
 opinions of foreign cations. For aoee ho
 makes a pause, to learn what the world think
 of his diabolical movements and when he
 hears the adverse report, like the whiskered
 pirate who prowls along jhe African const,
 when pursued, be counsels his infernal crew
 pi foy low/V-ahide their time. Such is
Mr. CiflwWb p«B®f* wm
 b k
 L. af«—ehi— i*. He wwtd
 f**7' ■**"‘T* v "J.,.
 util «W «Moo has opened
 tjM, et« of Diuan upon as; he would hill
 than M deep with songs of penes, that he
 to ha done openly. He srafciun in hi eom*
 peetoian the boMneaa of (he lion and the
 canning of the fox; and as he grows old, the
 latter quality prodoounateo. The thne wan
 when he was boldest among the bold; when
 defying aO reposition, he boldly .marched
 aneeremookMnly to his object. But age has
 ■net supply the place of atnngtlu Bat we
 wars him sad hia eompaniona is crime, that
 nvai them their otwngth shall be broken,
 their owning confounded, and their whip
 seared vietims roleaaed from their chain. God
 •peed the day!
 TliiuJlD OF LUBBKTY.
 Tan is the title of a very accurate pirtete
 of oar glorious country,” by that distin
 guished artiat, phiioonpher, and refomrr.
 Pvmth. Of all the intelligent and distin
 guished persons whom we had the honor to
 meet is Loodoa, none teemed to possess
 more complete information respecting out
 peculiar iasutstkms,” than this same Mr.
 Punch; and we may do him the justice to
 say, that few make better use of their know
 ledge than he. It is not now, however, our
 purpose to draw a picture of Mr. Punch, but
 to give our readers some idea of the picture
 he draws erf the present aspect of our glo
 rious country.”
 As might be expected, the artist has be
 stowed the greatest amount of labor and skill
 on slavery, that most prominent feature of the
 American face, to which the people, old and
 young—priest and politician, bow with the
 utmost reverence and admiration. The slave
 holder is drawn to the life. His person
 stretched out on two chairs, resting his right
 leg over the back of one, and his left on the
 head of a prostrait bust of Washington.
 Around his person is a belt of arms, contain
 ing a bowie knife and a seven-barrel revolving
 pistol. Under bis arm is a knotted cat-o’-
 nire tails.” On the left of him is a chest,
 upon which are papers labelled, Texas—Ore
 gon—Dollars. Behind, is a woman half
 naked, tied to a whipping-post. In front of
 him is a group of slaves and slave-drivers.
 Prominent in the group are two female slaves
 kneeling with their hands closely tied behind
 their backs. One driver is in the act of
 dogging a woman; another, with a look of
 Satanic indifference, is branding a kneeling
 woman on the back with a hot iron,—the
 smoke of her broiling flesh and blood rising
 from the wound. Off in the distance is a
 coffle of slaves driven by two while men, with
 long-lashed whips. They seem to have just
 landed from an American slave-ship. Above
 this scene is floating our star-spangled ban
 ner, fused upon a lofty staff, crowned with a
 capacious liberty cap. On the right of the
 flag is a representation of Lynch law—a mob
 in the act of hanging a negro. On the left is
 a picture of repudiation, illustrated by a well
 drawn American in the act of stealing the
 I handkerchief of an Englishman. Above this
 scene are two pictures representing our duel
 ling practices. Still further on, we have the
 war with Mexico; stabbing, shooting, hang
 ing, robbing churches, —bayonets, swords,
 guns, cannons, bombs, —all enveloped in fire
 and smoke. And above all this horrid con
 fusion of blood and slaughter, is a terrific
 picture of Satan brooding over the whole
 scene with a grin of infernal satisfaction.
 Now, what a picture is this to be looked
 upon abroad! and what American has the
 folly or audacity to deny its truthfulness! At
 the hazard of making many enemies, and
 losing some friends, we extend our heartfelt
 thanks to Punch for the picture, and beg him,
 in the name of three millions of our enslaved
 brethren, to continue to notice]us, in his world
 read journal. It is not impossible that we
 may wring from a sense of shame what we
 have been unable to gain from American
 sense of justice.
COLORED NATIONAL PRES*.
 Wi have waited patiently for a full official
 report of the doings of the National Conven
 tion of colored people and their friends, held
 in Troy, New York, in the month nf October,
 1847. Why such a report has not reached
 us we cannot divine. We think, as a mem
 ber of that convention, we were entitled to a
 copy of the report, and we would' respect
 fully suggest to those into whose hands was
 committed the publication of those Minutes,
 that promptitude is essential to the confidence
 which is necessary to carrying forward a great
 cause like that in which we are engaged.
 We trust that no unwonhy motive has with
 held from us tlioee proceedings; but would
 like to know the cause. Perhaps Mr. Garnet
 can explain.
 In the absence of a full report we Itave
 copied from an imperfect copy of Minutes,
 furnished us by our friend, W. C. Nell, the
 report adopted with reference to establish
 ing a National Press. Upon this report we
 wish now to say a few words.
 It wss our good or ill fortune to oppose the
 adoption of this report, in the Convention;
 and there, as in the unperfect minutes before
 us, our motives for opposing the report were
 indirectly set down to selfishness; and we
 doubt not, that such person* as are to
 appreciate manly independence, mill set down
 what we are now about to say, to the same
 unworthy motive; but we shall «pt»ak out
 scutimenta, nevertheless, conscious that in m
 doing we are discharging a duty solemnly
 imposed by the high responsibflity of out
 position.
 The report adopted by the Convention seta
 forth the desirableness of there being a pop*
 iug press under the entire control af colored
 persons in this country. Here we agree will)
 the report. To prove such necessity no args
 ment need be urged. Our condition, as si
 oppressed and injured people, proclaims it;
 and »is with the view of securing dus —4-
 fei press, that we oppose the doubtful n
 prepared m the report. We assert, sad the
 pram sf this country hns proclaimed the Cm
 foam- sue- end of the knd to the other, feu
 andi sr press now exists; foat, for the firs)
 time ai fee western eontmeat, there is s press
 under the entire control and directum o&lt;
 colored persons. We have, indeed, had
(wjmmemdtMtod by mM pereoaajtotjre
 ton* m med to «h» country Restored
 pMioM. Wcamke w» merit of this; forth*
 wdh briny art to m* bos to the gMMfww
 fttewb in. the oid wU, who, aedaf mt
 destitution owl dHSeahiee, kindly ewa h ow
 wwstanee. mi gwee he the means of
 mg oor eotehlwhuoent Thnmgh them, the
 adored people of this eoontry w* h»w
 prinaag pram aad a weekly periodical de»l&gt;-
 eatod to ihcv cause, and devoted to their
 Now, the question hs shall we faithfully
 use the one we have, or shall we neglect to
 aae it, and go in search of another Which
 of the two eonzaea seems moat in harmony
 with common mnoe? The report ptosdea
 far a foreign agent to collect money, who
 shall have for his services thirty cents on
 every dollar which be may collect. By this
 we understand that as agent is about to be
 seat to England to solicit money for the esta
 blishment in question. Bui we respectfiifly
 ash the advocates of this measure, What
 answer their agent can make, when the qsew
 tioo is asked him abroad, What have you
 done wtth the prvm which we hate already
 given youf la it worn out in the service, or
 does it now exist f Is it supported, or has it
 been neglected and allowed to languish, for
 the want of the support and countenance of
 the very parsons who are now engaged in
 soliciting another?” And may h not be very
 properly said to such agent, You may ask
 for another, with much greater probability of
 success, when you have shown a disposition
 to use the instrument already in your bands.
 But to all this it may be answered, We not
 only want a press, but a National Press.”
 And pray, what is the difference between a
 press and a national press and why is the
 one to be preferred before the other? The
 report informs us, that we need such a press
 “to tell the world of our position in the path of
 human progress.” And is it necessary that a
 press should be called National,” in order
 to tell the world of our position in the path
 of human progress a We think that that press,
 call it by what name you please,—Mystery,
 Ram’shorn, Northern Star, or North Star,
 best sustained, most ably conducted, and
 thoroughly devoted to the rights and liberties
 of our enslaved and oppressed fellow-country
 men, will be the colored national press of this
 country, in every essential sense of the word.
 And we therefore say to our brethren, Use
 and support the papers you already have; for
 it is not impossible, that by catching at the
 shadow you may lose the substance. You
 have several newspapers. They are all call
 ing upon you loudly for support: help them,
 rather than seek for others. If they are not
 what they ought to be, your support may
 make them such. We therefore call upon
 the Smiths, the Crummells, the Reasons,
 the Zuilles, Beamans, Garnetts, Topps,
 ana Penningtons, and all others who wish
 well to our sacred cause, to unite in sustain
 ing the colored periodicals already in exist
 ence. We are happy to know that the two
 gentlemen last named are already interested
 in sustaining the North Star and we hope
 others will follow their noble example.
 Come, brethren, let us one and all lay aside
 party differences and sectarian preferences,and
 rally around the Star that never sets,'except
 to those who go to the slavery cursed regions of
 the south and a glorious victory over cruelty
 and oppression will certainly crown our right
 eous endeavors.
 fn*On the’outside of this week’s paper
 will be found a declaration proclaiming the
 republic of Liberia independent of the Ame
 rican Colonization Society. Thf document
 shows the determination of the colonists to
 occupy a highly commendable position among
 the nations of the earth. We have no sym
 pathy with the motives which induced the
 purchase of the colony; and we have little
 with the despondency that drove our brethren
 from our shores. The bitter fruits of their
 yielding to the infernal spirit of expatriation
 in the first place is now in full bloom with us.
 Fifty thousand of our fellow courtrymen, now
 nominally free, in the State of Virginia, are
 i on the point of being driven from their hearths
 j and homes before the bayonets of these same
 American Christians; which, had we resisted
 in the first instance, might have forever pre
 vented anything like this last effort to colo
 -1 nize us.
 We must feci this land to be our home,
 and make our white fellow countrymen feel
 the same. If we fail in this, mu case is
 hopeless; but in this we cannot foil.
&lt;#MMf SI I f A TlO AS.
 For the North Star.
 LECTURING AGENTS.
 The toils and trials of those v ho go forth
 through the length and breadth of this mis
 named land of freedom to do strong battle with
 the foul fiend, slavery, that, like the sorcerers
 I of olden time, has thrown a spell over the
 i people, are, I fear, known and duly appreci
 ated by but few. It is no slight thing to lay
 aside the many pleasures of home, and assume
 a life almost like that of the nonuadk Tartar;
 become a constant traveler from piaee to
 place, and lace, by day snd by night, the
 fierce blasts of the wintry tempests, or toil
 on, beneath the burning sun of mid-summer,
 toward some distant point, that must be
 reached by a fixed time. These are, how
 ever, only physical trials: a strong frame and
 a stout heart will bid them defiance, although
 they will, in time, do their work, even oa the
 man of iron constitution.
 Bu\, do aver abolitionists think of the life
 of constant warfare which the anti-siavtry
 lecturer leads! He must be armed, not with
 the cumbrous and glittering psnolpy of the
 soldier in carnal warfare, hut with weapons
 1 which it wearies the stoutest champion always
 to bear. The sword of truth must he ever
 ready, and, like the knight of old, when enter
 ing a conflict from which there could ha no
 retreat, and m which powerful foes were long
 to be struggled with, its scabbard may wefl
 be thrown aside ae useless. The shield of
 faith mast he earned; the breast-piste of
 righteousness mast he buckled on; and,
 though he may be shod, tike an olden apostle,
 with the preparation of the gospel of pence, it
 is not until the foe has hem smitten t» the
 very heart, and lies prostrate at bin fast, that
 he can dearly discern, in the glittering san
 dals, emblems of the fact, that am must he
 vanquished me true pram can he gained.
wfli»
 «r Ibe pofhfcaa; and the sophfrtry and art at
 the pretended patriot, mat be met and re
 ntal. And hat, though mi famt, the ctdd
 oaa tad sullen, or aetw* oppo*** which
 often drives Urn, after a leaf mi weariaow
 effort, Croat the ckaed doom of the church, «r
 the hapa— Ms porta* of the popular hall, to
 in which Is plead the gospel af freedom to a
 feta who mar ha lad, fro* ifle cwrkmkr, or
 loro to the caoae, to eeaae together. Not
 that swrh a hie law ao oampemmkm; for, B
 such were my purpose, I Bright tett of the
 communing! with the noble «nee of earth;
 The blr—iaga of die poor aw! needy; and the
 strong frith that God pad right must triumph.
 But the great object of writing these few
 words is, to call to the mind of every anti
 slavery man and woman, in city, town, or
 country, the fret, that when the lecturer
 creases their path, or comes beneath their
 _roof, they can 4m much, eery mnuk, to make
 hia way easy, and inspire him with cheerful i
 courage, by giving him a cordial welcome,’
 expressing their earnest and warm sympathy, j
 and especially by showing their frith by
 tcorks, and making every effort to open the
 doors of the most frequented public places,
 and extending notice which will insure a good
 audience. 1 write hot thus because I deem
 abolition ists dfehcigß in warmth or hospital
 ity far from it; for my own heart has often
 been cheered by the homelike welcome and
 active aid of lovers of out great cause; but
 simply to stir up the pure mind by way
 i of remembrance,” so that they may do all in
 i their power to strengthen the hearts of those
 i whose place is ever in the front of battle.
 G. B. S.
For the North Star.
 DENUNCIATION.
 Although an Abolitionist, in the strictest
 sense of the word, yet, I do not believe in,
 nor recognize, wholesale denunciation,” as
 calculated to advance the righteous cause nr
 ameliorate the wretched condition of suffering
 and oppressed humanity.
 It seems too much akin to the fierce, north
 wind of icy winter, congealing with its chill
 ing breath, the exhausted sympathies of
 earth's vexed and wearied traveler; forcing
 him, in his extremity, to wrap his fur-erabos
 sed habiliments more closely about him, and
 rush on with a reckless determination to stem
 the fitful winds and currents that oppose his
 onward, and, to him, justifiable course. Too
 well does it compare with the destructive
 winds that sweep o’er Sahara’s arid bosom,
 rearing its sand-clouds of indignation, and
 burying in its direful course every oasis of
 sympathy in the breast of humanity.
 But forbearance sometimes, it is said,
 ceases to be a virtue yet a resort to denunci
 ation, which is but the pretext for a resort
 to force in very many instances, is a greater
 evil. Oft times, as the tala of wrong and out
 rage committed against helpless innocence is
 iterated in my hearing, a spirit of indignation,
 ere I am aware, arises, and I am led to ex
 claim
 Could I but grasp the forked lightning’s spear,
 Aud thrust it deep into the guilty heart
 Of him who 4m his fellow thus outrage,
 ’Twould do him justice. The impious wretch
 That lire* beneath the vertic rays of light,
 And having eyes, sees not his brodier’s right
 To life :»nd liberty, and happiness;
 And him deprives of these by brutal force.
 Than this, severer punishment deserves.
 And lie that aids or wilfully abets,
 By priestly cant or lying tongue, this vile
 And God-provoking sin of slavery,
 Deserves perdition’s deepest, darkest plunge.”
 But this, I am reminded, is but casting out
 Satan by the prince of devilsand the rising
 whirlwind of which the fostering
 of such a spirit conjures up in the mind, is
 checked and subdued by the words of Him.
 w hose melting accents fell upon the ear of
 man as dews
 Upon the leaflets of the Tree of Life,”
 and who only resorted to denunciation when
 the destiny of Jerusalem and her children was
 irrevocably sealed, and their destruction inev
 itable.
 Hew much more effectual and how omnip
 otent is truth clad in its srtasive attire, let
 Luther, Melancthon and others—Wesley and
 coadjutors—Wilberforce, Hawkins and asso
 ciates, attest. It is to the stolid minds of

 men what the south wind and the sun from
 Capricorn to Cancer wheeling back” is to the
 thick-ribbed, icy mountains of the polar re
 gions. It subdues and brings to its supernal
 j influence implicit subjection; warns man of
 his weakness and insufficiency; begets the
 most kindly feeling, even towards enemies,
 and counsels to dependence on the arm that
 moves the universe, and, instead of denuncia
 tion, when there is a prospect of reform, it
 prompts, the humble petition:
 Thou God of truth, in mercy grant that light
 Hay pierce die enror-shrouded minds of men,
 As barbed spears the hearts of them who fell
 A sacrifice in war’s tmboiy strife:
 That man no more oppress, nor brutalize,
 Nor w rong his fellow man; but feel his woe.
 And low estate, and haste to his relief.
 And pom- into his wounds, that long have Ued,
 The healing oil of mutual sympathy;
 And aid, and love, that each from other needs,
 AmA a ll demand, as Nature’s God ordains.”
 T. P. R.
 fltltct Falls, Jams try 2,1818.
For the North Sow
 “THE BURNED
 Tbs shore is the title of a thrilling tad
 affecting story which I read tome months.
 mate in the Saturday Courier, mid to be;
 founded on fact, the substance of which is as:
 follows:
 The captain of as American ressel engaged
 in the cotton trade, hearing of the mddea
 advance in the price of that article in Great
 Britain, immediately purchased an extensive;
 cargo, and set sad. Having kmg and ardently
 cherished the idea of one day becoming
 rich,” and knowing that in view of the ex
 trusive rise of eotton, if he could but reach
 that port before others, his golden dreams of
 wealth would he realised, be resolved that
 nothing should turn him from his purpose,
 and aB his thoughts were now heat os the ac
 complishment of this one object.
 The third or fourth night they had been out
 at sea, a great light was descried at a distance,
 which men proved to be a ship «a foe. A
 little nearer approach gave him and his crew
 and brought than within hearing of the cries
and shrieks at terror,. and the rear of the sig
 nal guns from the burning reml, which lay
 somewhat off dm Arrctmi they were pursu
 ing. They men inmed that the fire had
 made great inroads on dm ship, sod beheld
 die passenger* and crew standing an the far*
 ward deck, the dames at times almost curin g
 round them. As soon as they discovered the
 approaching vowel, they aft simuhanfw sly
 held ap their hands and gave one long’ and
 thrilling shout of joy, which rang out on the
 night winds and ak&gt;ng the billows of the deep.
 They were about to be rescued!—those fath
 ers, mothers, tasters, brothers and lovers—
 from a doom so unspeakably terrible; and
 thoughts of home and friends in distant lands,
 from whom, a moment before, they expected
 to be torn forever, now filled their hearts, as
 they stood, embracing each other, nearly
 frantic with joy! During this tune there was
 a straggle going on in Ihe mind of the cotton
 trading captain. The Inst for gold*’ haunted
 him. He seemed influenced by a spirit of
 infatuation, in that dreadful emergency be
 hesitated. The delay of a few hours, or
 moments, might be sufficiently long for other
 vess.ls to pass, and then his fortune was lost.
 What should he do f A moment more, and
 the love of gold triumphed; and he ordered
 his crew, who were as hardened as he, to
 paw onward. Those on the burning ship,
 not dreaming that he was going to pass, and
 leave them thus to perish, stood gazing im
 pressed with the thought that the vessel was
 only rounding to,” until it had passed some
 distance beyond them; and still they could
 not believe it, though doubt and uncertainty,
 and dismal foreboding now began to agitate
 their hearts, as they gazed yearningly on the
 receding vessel; and, at length, when the
 terrible reality forced itself upon their minds,
 such a wail of agony and despair as went up
 from those poor beings, no mortal ear ever
 before heard. It seemed to pierce the very
 heavens, and rung on the eaT of the unnatural
 and icy-hearted captain with a terrific power.
 Their joy was turned to agony; their hope to
 despair. The flames rotted on;” the wild
 winds howled; and old ocean's “bounding
 billows and foamy surges beat around the
 burning ship, no more, nor less, unpitying
 than the human monster who refused, for the
 sake of gold, to reach forth his hand to save.
 And he passed on, —reached the port in due
 time—and realized a vast fortune. He re
 turned to this country, and lived in splendoi
 and affluence: but that dread shriek evei
 haunted him. Amidst all his wealth, he wai
 wretched, which was remarked by his friends
 to whom, after many years, he revealed th#
 awful circumstance.
 So dark and terrible a picture of the humai
 character seems unnatural and incredible. W&lt;
 can scarcely believe that any human being
 could have the inhumanity and heartlessnesi
 to do so base, cruel and hard-hearted a deet
 —so revolting and shocking to all our bette
 feelings—a deed which seems to stand with
 out a parallel in the annals of infamy am
 crime But is it so Is it more inhuman b
 be a passive agent in the destruction of ou
 fellow beings, than an active one Is it \vors&lt;
 to suffer them to perish, where we could sav&lt;
 them, than to go forth with sword in ham
 and slaughter them? Is not this nation en
 gaged in a work little less inhuman and dread'
 i ful Does it hot stand passively and indiffer
 ently by on the one hand, while thousands
 are perishing by its peculiar institutions?’
 and is it not actively engaged, on the othei
 hand, in the destruction of fellow beings by
 slavery, and by a war which riots in th&lt;
 slaughter of Mexican fathers and mothers
 and their beautiful daughters and under pre
 texts and excuses more paltry and unreason
 able, if possible? And yet, agonizing as ii
 the thought, these rapacious and horribk
 doings receive the sanction and support o
 those who set themselves up as the religioui
 instructors and teachers of mankind —Rev-
 erend Clergymen and Doctors of Divinity
 This awful deed, when done under circum
 stances a little different —when legalized am
 sanctified —becomes popular and praise
 worthy; winning for the actor the title oi
 hero and patriot. Do not such men mon
 nearly resemble, or partake of the nature o
 wild beasts, or blood-snuffing vultures? An&lt;
 viewed in the light of a better philosophy
 and a purer Christianity—when mind shal
 have expanded and developed, will they no
 be so regarded Then a truer apprceiatioi
 i of things as they really are, will be had, ant
 the glaring and fatal inconsistencies and in
 congruities which now prevail, will be seei
 and acknowledged, and practical works, ful
 of blessedness, and wisdom and peace, wil
 follow.
 MILD A. TOWNSEND.
 New Brighton, Pa., Dec. 26, 1847.
 For die North Star.
 RELIGIOUS EQUALITY.
 There is no equality like that of religion
 Not that of laws, the most clear and inviol
 able; for human nature is fallible, and tin
 most conscientious judge may, through igno
 ranee, pass an unrighteous sentence. No
 that of birth; for while some are sapplie*
 with all that is conducive to the grow th am
 development both of body and mind, other
 are left to grow up like the neglected weed
 without culture, and with scanty nourishment
 subject to every privation and every hardship
 Not that of life; for while some posses
 every means of a pleasurable bodily and men
 tal existence—free in thought, free in action
 —others are the victims of a detestable, hea
 ven-insuhing system of slavery, which de
 bases the tbs intellect, unman
 and deteriorates the whole bring. Not tha
 of death; for while to some the coming o
 the last enemy is delayed by the skill of th
 physician and the healing virtues of medteiae
 others foil bis early proy by the effects o
 protracted toil and accumulated suffering
 But religion is liable to no such partialities
 The wonders of creation are above, beneath
 and around ns. If we look op into the fir
 moment, we behold it peopled with a thou
 mad worlds, which forever proclaim the wi*
 6om and majesty of their Creator. If w&lt;
 look around, we see beneficence every* her
 displayed in the beauties of the primrose, th
 carnation, and the dahlia, which delight th
 eye, and perfume the air with their fragrance
 and the notea of aatue’a warblers poor upo
 the aar thahr awoet aonga of happiness, thrill
 teg in aaeh bosom tike s delightful dream c
 paradise. And the beautifully drrersifie
 landscape the waving trees, the groan fieldi
 and the winding stream—the tain mi th
j|
morning de#r, the ire mi tfee matt— we all
 Induced by the tans sncontislled, ftw.onv
 Srpreseat goodness. After «mrfi»g even
 for m these wnrta rf his Creator,
 shat sori man*» there th* doe# not ex
 pand in gratitude and praise, and is ready to
 Hirst forth, ar.tb die Hebrew pset, into one
 jf those most beautiful songs, which are at
 the same time the ray itoui of poetry and the
 fseence elf adoration O ye frost and snow,
 tries# ye the Lord; praise ye his name far
 wer and ever Oye ice and cold, bless ye
 the Lord, praise ye his name forever and
 erer! Praise yc him, alt his angels; praise
 ye him, all hosts; mountains and ml! hilts,
 fruitful trees and all cedars; kings of the
 earth, and all people, princes and all judges
 of the earth. Let them praise the name of
 the Lord, for his name alone is excellent; his
 glory is above the earth awl heaven.”
 Such is ths equality of religion. It is not
 restricted to particular creeds, nor i» it the
 peculiar privilege of any denomination. It is
 free as the air we breathe it is extended as
 the universe. It is the charter of our nature,
 and forms a part of our very existence. It is
 alike the privilege of the king and the beggar
 —the prince and the peasant—the learned
 and the ignorant. It is the inheritance of all
 God's children—the inalienable birthright of
 til bis intelligent creatures. —j d.
 For ths North s***•
 GLOOMY 'hIROIOCIAXS.
 There is a class of person# with whom I
 have no sympathy as they seem to have
 none with the world around them. They can
 sec no beauty in this world of ours, —no har
 mony in the works of nature, —nothing praise
 worthy in the works of art; and, apparently
 afraid that Job's remark, Man is bom to
 trouble as the sparks fly upward,” should
 occasionally prove untrue, seem desirous of
 increasing the curse of sin, by removing every
 rational means of enjoyment; and of aug
 menting man’s causes of sorrow, till not a
 snifle enlightens the countenance, nor a feel
 ing of pleasure gladdens the heart. May we
 not ask such persons, whether they are acting
 a benevolent part, in transforming this world
 into a desert, barren and desolate, which the
 sooner we have traversed the better Is it
 true that we should not love and admire those
 I things that are excellent and beautiful? Why,
 then, did our Creator form us as we are
 Why did he give us minds capable of enjoy
 j ment Why does not every sound of music
 grate upon the ear, instead of being pleasam
 and harmonious,T. And why, was the world
 made a scene of such beauty, grandeur, anc
 sublimity? Above us, m the starry firma
 ment, the discoveries of science show, in al
 their inexpressible harmony, innumerable sum
 and systems like our own, ever rolling on ii
 their undeviating course, displaying the wis
 j dom and power of their Creator. Is there n&lt;
 pleasure to be derived from the contemplatioi
 of these We think of the inhabitants wit!
 which these worlds are peopled. Are they
 happier than we, or are they, like us, per-
 I plexed with cares and disappointments Have
 I they their Alexanders, their Caesars, and their
 Bonapartes Can they boast of a Plato or a
 Newton? and can they, as we, unroll a long
 catalogue of poets, patriots, and philosophers?
 Or are they &lt;mot the abodes of the ever
 blessed, —the spotless mansions of unfallen
 happiness llow unenviable are, the feelings
 j of the few who can find no pleasure in such
 contemplations! Around, are spread out on
 every hand the wonders of creation. The
 air, the earth, the sea, and the sky, are
 all teeming with beauty and adorned with
 loveliness. The setting sun sheds on the one
 horizon its stream of glowing light, and the
 pale moon appears in silvery brightness on the
 other. The min falls from heaven, water
 ing the earth, and the dew distils its vivi
 fying influences. The hill and dale, the
 tree# and the fields, the streams, the lakes,
 and the mighty ocean, all spread out before
 us their unnumbered beauties. He must be
 more than man who can fully appreciate all
 their loveliness, and less than man who can
 find no pleasure in surveying them.
 I Away, then, with the rigid orthodoxy that
 would rob this world of all that there is in it
 worth living for! Away with the theology
 that inculcates such doctrines! But let the
 true soul of man, in harmony with God and
 nature, continue still to find
 Tongues in tlie tree*, aermoiu in itune*,
 j Book* in the running brook*, and good in every
 thing."—J. V.
 THE MEETING ON MAIN STREET.
 In the meeting house of the Wesleyan
 Methodists, on Main street, where amid the
 many popular and large pro-slavery congrega
 i tions of this city, a small band of men and wo
 men meet to hear the Gospel of Freedom and
 Love for all, an Anti-Slavery lecture was given
 by Frederick Douglas#, last Sunday afternoon.
 After prayer by Mr. Benson, the clergyman
 of the society, and the singing of an anti-sla
 very hymn (which by the way arc rarely to Ire
 found in hymn book# used in public &lt;rr»hip.)
 r Douglas# spoke for an hour or more to a
 I respect-.hie audience who had come together
 notwithstanding the severity of the storm.—
 Ue dwelt for some time on the nature of real
 Christianity .showiagjt tobea world-wide faitb
 recognistng all as brethren, raising up the de
 graded, freeing the slave, and strengthening
 ths weak. Toward the contusion of hw re
 marks, he spoke in a feeling manner, which
 drew tears from many eyes, of the cruel preju
 dice against his race, and gave a simple nar
 rative of some of his own experience of good
 and ill treatment as a colored man. The aut,
 i dress was given m a familiar manner; the
 f speaker saying that he felt more like talking
 j with those present, than making a speech to
 them, and apparently produced a happy effect
 f on the listeners. His sentiments sere warmly
 responded to by the minister and a number of
 the members of the society and it was cheer
 ing to see and feet that amid the prejudice
 which drives the colored man to the negro pew
 in ss many ehmdfesm this city, and the stern
 bigotry which cries Infidel” against those
 who ask that God’s truth shall free the black
 t man as well as the Whiteman, and make all
 8 brethren, here was a different spirit—-on oasis
 ,pthed«m. _
 *OCHE*TB* LADIES* AJfTMU*
 VERY SOCIETY*
 4' TV* committee of the Ladies’ Anti-Slavery
 i Society, gratefully acknowledge the receipt ol
 i, valuable and saleable snides from friends u
 e the country for the recent fair. A eontribu
 -4K
tion from the anti-slavery women of Led yard,
 helped to make the tables m the hail attrae
 trie from Walworth and Farmington, came
 the friend* with cheerful pitting,, bringing
 the result of the effort of their sewing circle,
 in rich, tasteful articles, and giving their ef
 ficient aid at the tables front Waterloo, came
 i token of remembrance, a donation of
 hooks, perfumery, ke., a contribution from
 Williamson, the result of the labors of, btti«
 company of workers hi our good cam,, M
 forwarded with an excuse for personal
 tendance, owing to the fatal illness of one of
 their number, whose decease in the flower of
 her days, will be lamented by all. A frietd
 in Ift. Morris seat her individual eontnbutton,
 which went to aid the display cm the article
 tables and another from Bath, brought ac
 ceptable aid, both by donation of goods and
 personal presence. During the fair, a box of
 useful and fancy goods came from Port Byron,
 though not too late to be sold, and thus gw*
 valuable help to the cause an offering from
 a friend in Wisconsin was indeed acceptable,
 enhanced by the distance now separating u»
 from one who formerly was a co-labeie* h«ro
 at home.
 Most thankfully were all these articles re
 ceived; and in behalf of more than a million
 of our sisters, crushed, abused and bleeding
 under the lash, the earnest hope is expressed
 that the same seal which urged the women in
 the place* spoken to gome together in the
 sewing circle, and thus send help so much
 needed, may in the future bring forth fruit yet
 more abundantly, and that the women of every
 neighborhood in Western New York, may
 41 go and do likewise.”
 In behalf of the committee,
 C. A. F.
 Western New York Anti Slavert
 Society.— The Executive Committee are
 requested to meet at the house of Isaac Post,
 36, Sophia Street, Rochester, on Tuesday
 evening, January 18th, at 7 o’clock. A full
 attendance is specially important.
 Per order, W. C. NELL, Srr.
 FRANKLIN’S BIRTH-DAY.
 The Printers of Rochester will commem
 orate the one hundred and forty-second anni
 versary of the birth-day of Franklin, on
 Monday evening, the 17th inst. They respect
 tully tender an imitation to their fellow
 craftsmen in the surrounding towns to unite
 with them on the occasion also, to the retired
 1 printers of the city. The celebration will be
 held at the Irving House, kept by Cot. T. W.
 Haskell, a veteran printer.
 Our friends in the country, who intend t«*
 favor us with their company, will please notify
 the Chairman of the Committee of Arrange
 ment* of the fact, on or by Friday next.
 JAMES VICK, Jr., Ch’n
 0 Com. Arrangements.
 l
 TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 11. C., Poplar Ridge, New York. We hope to
 give our reader* some extracts from hi* encouraging
 letter.
 J. H., Clyde. His view* may he perfectly cor
 rect, hut they are regarded a* more theological than
 i* united to the column* of tile North Star.
 L. O. 8., Indiana puli*. We forwarded copies.
 Ixit must ray to him, n* we do to ail wM would ob
 tain subscribers, that m/mertptiimt must hr prepaid.
 A. S. Sullivan, Ohio. We are glad to acknow
 ledge hi* communication and cash enclusttl. The
 |&gt;arcel w ill la: forwarded to hi* address; and we
 hope many other such agencies may be c*tahli»hed.
 J. C. 11., Brw&gt;kl)n, New York. Thank* for In*
 letter of 4th inst., and exertion* fi»r the Star.
 J. t\,\Yelt*ville, Ohio, l.ist received and whole
 number mailed.
 S. 8., Salem, Ohio. letter* of Jan. 7th received,
 and name* credited, lie may expect a k’ttcr.
 S. S. 8., (ireenhill, Ohio. We gratefully ac
 knowledge the subscribers and friendly communica
 tion. Such agencies are to our liking, a* we believe
 them profitable to all parties.
 \V .H. 1., Albany. The views of our friend are*
 in harmony w ith many other* on the subject of our
 letter to Mr. Clay; but neitlier the loss of subscrib
 ers nor die displeasure of the community shall deter
 from a faitliful exposure of slaveholders in high or
 low place*; ami we are assured of your support irs
 an uncompromising course.
CORRESPONDENCE.
 The following is extracted from a letter
 from an English friend
 Hail to thee, bright and beautiful Star”
 Over the wide ocean ware we trace thy first*
 faint beams; and our hearts beat high with,
 hope and joy. May eat thou shine, like a gem
 of purest water, upon the darkened skies of
 that land from whose hills and Helds of virgin
 greenness the mists of slavery have so long
 arisen; hanging, like a blank and lowering
 cloud, where else the light of freedom, mtel
 teet and religion would have shone with trans
 cendent lustre. Often may the menacing
 clouds of calumny and hatred threaten to
 obscure thy beams and dim thy radiance; but
 jahtne thou on, unchangingly, in the pure
 heavens of truth and love. Receive thy light
 alone from the Eternal Fountain, then will
 the thousands who have rejoiced in thee, look
 calmly on the threatening cloud, and aw*»»
 its vanishing, in the firm faith that thej
 shall again behold thec r iji reaewuxi beauty
 and unsullied brightness. Ho shall thou be to
 the mental eyo of *ppre»«t*l millions that
 which thine antetype in the blue hesvens
 above hath been so long to his outward gaze.
 Point thou, ever and unchangeably, to a land
 #f freedom, that tliu* thy gentle beam may
 keep alive in his sou) one spark of that man
 hood which the Hoods of o]»pre*sio« and ihn
 wave* of tyranny have so long striven Ut
 quench.
 And not to the slave ak«4 shall thy h—
 glance hope and confidence to the warn and
 faithful hearts that beat ap ardently for hit
 well being; to the true champions of freedom
 who fight her bloodless battles with tbs sac ml
 weapon* of truth and ju*te*v—be thou, as the
 eonfiict deepens, a cheering, guiding Star.
 May it be their* to rejoice in thy beams so
 &gt;**g the warfare rages; and to had, at
 length, the dawn of the long anticipated
 morning, when the rising sun of freedom
 shall light the horizon of the eofiandusd
 slave, and he shall tread, erect in hi* long
 withheld manhood, the shores of bis nativity,
 and walk through the length and breadth of
 a fated ef hkwvtjr, H lejohang is the jsy” of the
 present, and with a heart filled with adoring
 I»**t*de fc» fas memory of these hy-gons
 times, when darkness was around him like a
 funeral P*B&gt; and his trembling and timid
 glance was alone chested by tho constant
 beams ef the distant North Htai!
"
