"poetry.
THE GERMAN PATRIOT'S SONG.
 (The following beautiful aong wu, until lately,
 forbi.Men to be »ung in the Gennan citie* and town*.
 Tba trnndat i«mi *hows the aptrited character of the
 ari final.]
 Where i» the German** fatherland
 The l’ni**ian land! the Swabian land!
 Where Rhine the vine-clad mountain Invent
 Where *kim&lt; tlie gall the Baltic wares!
 O' no, O' no, O! no, O! no,
 He own* a wider fatherland.
 Where it the German'■ fatherland!—
 Bavarian land! or J*tyT»an land!
 Where (tardy peasant* plough the plain!
 Where mountain ton* height metal fain!
 O' no, O! no.
 Where i* the German** fatberhmd!
 The Saxon hill*! the Zmder strand!
 Where «*rep wild wind* the sandy shore*!
 W here loud the rolling Danube roars!
 O! no, O! no.
 Where i* the German** fatherland!—
 Then name, then name the might* land!
 The Austrian land, in fight renowned!
 The Kaiser’* land with Honor* crowned!
 O! no, O! no, O! no, O no,
 *Ti* not the German’s fatherland.
 Where i* the German’* fatherland!—
 Then name, then name the mighfv land!
 The land of llofer! land of Tell!
 Thi* land I know-, and lore it well.
 But no! but no!
 Where is tire German’* fatherland!—
 I* hi* the pieced and parcelled land
 M liere pirate prince* rule! a gern
 Torn from the empire'* diadem!
 O' no. O' no, O! no, O' no.
 Such i* not the German’* fatherland.
 Wliere i* tin' German’s fatheiland!
 Then name, O' name tlie mighty land!
 Where’er i* Iteard the G*rman tongue,
 And Gennan hymn* to God are sung!
 This is tlie land, thy Hermann’* land—
 This, German, i* thy fatherland.
 This is tie Gennan’* fatherland,
 Where faitli is in tlie plighted hand—
 \N here truth live* in each eye of blue,
 And every heart is staunch am! true,
 Thi* is the land, tlie honest land,
 The honest German’s fatherland.
 Thi* i* the German’s fatherland,
 That scorns the stranger’s proud command—
 Whose friend i* every good and brave,
 W hose foe is every traitor knave,
 Thi* is the land, the one true land,
 Tlie German’s one true fatlierland.
 Thi* in the land, the one true land!
 O! (iod, to aid lie thou at hand,
 And fire each heart, and nerve each arm.
 To shield our German homes from harm—
 To shield the land, the one truu laud,
 On* Deutschland and one fatherland!
 A SEA SIDE SCENE.
 FT LONGFELLOW.
 The twilight is sad and cloudy,
 The w ind blows w ild and free,
 And like tlie wing* of sea-hirds
 Flash the white caps of the sea.
 But in the fisherman’s cottage
 Tliere shines a ruddier light,
 And a little face at the window
 Peers out into the night.
 Close, close it is pressed to the window,
 As if those childish eyes
 W ere looking into the darkness,
 To see some shape arise.
 And a woman’s waving shadow
 I* passing to and fro,
 Now rising to the ceiling,
 Now bowing and landing low.
 What tale does the roaring ocean,
 And tlie night wind hleak and wild,
 As it beats at the crazy casement,
 Tell to the little child!
 And why do the roaring ocean,
 And tlie night wind, wild and bleak,
 As they lieat at tlie heart of the mother,
 Drive the color from her check!
 LIGHT FOR ALL.
 BY J. GOSTICK.
 You eeniKit pay with money
 The million sons of toil—
 The sailor on the ocean,
 Tlie |&gt;casant on the soil,
 The taliurer in (lie quarry,
 The hewer of the coal:
 Your m .u y pays tlie hand,
 But it cavit,t pay the soul.
 You gaze on the cathedral,
 Whose turrets meet the sky;
 Remember the foundations
 That in earth and darkness lie:
 For, were not those foundations
 So darkly resting there,
 Yon towers could never soar up
 So proudly in tlie air.
 The workshop most be crowded,
 That the palace may be bright;
 If tlie plowman did not plow,
 Then the poet could not write.
 Then let every toil be hallowed,
 That man performs for man,
 And have its share of honor,
 As part of one great plan.
 Bee light darts down from Heaven,
 And enters where it may;
 The eye* of all earth’s peo;i!fr
 Are clicered with one blight day.
 And let the mind’* true sunshine
 Be spread o’er earth as free,
 And fill tlie souls of men,
 As the waters fill the »ca.
 The wan who uirn* the soil
 Need not have an earthy mind,
 The digger ’mid the coal
 Need not lie in spirit blind:
 The mind can shed a light
 On each worthy Labor done,
 As lowliest ihings are bright
 Li the radiance of the »un.
 The tailor, ay, the rubier,
 May lift their head* as men
 Better far tliaei Alexander,
 Could lie wake to life ajain.
 Ami think of all his bl.H*i»bed,
 (And all for nothing too')
 Aud ask himself— 1 What made I
 A* useful a* a *iioe!”
 W hat cheer* tlie musing student,
 The poet, tlie divine!
 The thought that for hi* followers
 A brighter day will shine.
 Let every human btljorer
 Enjoy the vision (eight—
 Let thought that come* from Heaven
 Be fpread like Heaven’* own light!
 Ye men who hold the pen,
 Rise like a band inspired.
 And, port*, like your lyrics,
 M uh ia&gt;|ie for man be fired;
 Ti# earth l*eune« a temple.
 Ami every human heart
 Bhall join to one great service,
 ‘“PP) «i hi* pen.
Selections.
DISCOURSE
 By Harry Highland Garret, **tJW Pa*awf
 Prrttnt Condition, end Dt«tnj oftkt Colon* R~i
 Tht» is a well written pamphlet, published
 by the Author, at the request of a Committee
 of the Sicietv before whom h was delivered.
 Fhe author has repeated the discourse in
 various places, aud, we believe, to general
 acceptance. e would gladly publish the
 Address entire but have room for only the
 following extracts
 In order to pursue mv subject, I
 must, for the sake of distinction, use
 1 some of the improper terms of our
 times. I shall, therefore, speak of
 races, when in fact there is but one
 race, as there was but one Adam.
 By an almost common consent, the
 modern world seems determined to
 I pilfer Africa of her glory. It is not
 enough that her children have been
 scattered over the globe, clothed in the
 garments of shame, humiliated and
 oppressed; but our enemies weary
 themselves in plundering the tombs of
 our renowned sires, and in obliterating
 their worthy deeds, which were in
 scribed by fame upon the pages of
 1 ancient history.
 The three grand divisions of the
 earth that were known to the ancients,
 were colonized by the three, sons of
 1 Noah, Shcm was the father of the
 Asiatics—the Africans descended from
 Ham; and Japheth was the progenitor
 j of the Europeans. These men being
 the children of one father, they were
 I originally of the same complexion—for
 we cannot, through the medium of any
 law of nature or reason, come to the
 conclusion that one was black, another
 was copper-colored, and the other was
 white. Adam was a red rnan; and by
 j what law of nature his descendants
 became dissimilar to him, is a problem
 which is yet to be clearly solved. The
 fact that the universal Father has va
 ried the complexions of his children,
 docs not detract from his mercy, or
 give us reason to question his wisdom.
 Moses is the patriarch of sacred
 history. The same eminent station is
 occupied by Herodotus in profane his
 (tory. To the chronicles of these two
 great men we are indebted for all the
 information we have in relation to the
 early condition of man. If they are
 incorrect, to what higher authority
 shall we appeal; and if they are true,
 then we may acquaint ourselves with
 the history of our race from that period
 When yonder *pbere* sublime
 Pealed their first notes to sound the march of time.” j
 Ham was the first African. Egypt'
 was settled from an immediate descend
 ant of Ham, who, in sacred history, is
 called Mesrairn, and in uninspired his
 tory he is known by the name of
 Menes. Vet in the face of this histor- 1
 ical evidence, there are those who!
 affirm that the ancient Egyptians were j
 not of the pure African stock. The
 gigantic statue of the Sphynx has the
 peculiar features of the children ofj
 Ham; one of the most celebrated
 queens of Egypt was Nitocris, an
 Ethiopian woman; yet these intel
 lectual resurrectionists dig through a
 mountain of such evidence, and de
 clare that these people were not
 negroes.
 We learn from Herodotus, that the
 ancient Egyptians were black, and had
 woolly hair. These people astonished
 the world with their arts and sciences,
 in which they revelled with unbounded
 prodigality. They became the masters
 of the East, and the lords of the He
 brews. No arm less powerful than
 Jehovah’s, could pluck the children of
 Abraham from their hands. The
 plagues were marshalled against them,
 and the pillars of cloud and of fire,
 and at last the resistless sea. “Then
 the horse and his rider sank like lead
 in the mighty waters.” But the king
 dom of the Pharaohs was still great.
 The most exalted mortal euiogium that
 could be spoken of Moses, w as, that he
 was learned in all the learning of the
 Egyptians. It was from them that he
 gathered the materials with which he
 reared that grand superstructure, par
 taking of law, poetry, and history,
 which has tilled the world with wonder
 and praise. Mournful reverses of fof
 tune have passed over that illustrious
 people. Tlie star that rose in such
 I matchless splendor above the eastern
 1 horizon has had its setting. But
 Egypt, Africa’s dark-browed queen,
 still lives. Her pyramid tombs—her
 sculptured columns, dug from the sands
 to adorn modern architecture the
 j remnants of her once impregnable
 j walls—tbe remains of her huudted
 i gated city, rising over tlie wide-spread
 j ruins, as if to guard the fame of the
 race that gave them existence, all pro
 claim w hat she once w as.
 W liatever may be the extent of pre
 judice against color, as it is falsely
 called, and is so generally practised in
 this country, Solomon, the most re
 now ned of kings, possessed none of it.
 Among the seven hundred wives and
 the three hundred concubines, who
 filled his houses, the most favored
 queen was the daughter
 of one of the Pharaohs of Egypt. In
 order to take her to his bosom, he
 trampled upon the laws of his nation,
 and incurred the Divine displeasure—
 for a Jew might not espouse an hea
 j then or idolater w ho was not circum
 j cised in heart. hen he had secured
 her, he bowed his great intellect before
 her, that he might do her that homage
 i which he paid to no other woman.
 Solomon was a poet, and pure love
 awakened the sweetest melody in his
 j soul. 1 o her honor and praise he
 i composed that beautiful poem called
 the C anticles, or Solomon’s Song.
 I' °f ,er ,e wove that gorgeous wreath
 which is unsurpassed in its kind, and
 with his own royal hand placed it upon
 her dark brow. r
 1 he interior of Ethiopia has not
 been explored by modern adventurers.
 The antiquarian has made his way into
 almost every domiuioa where relics ot
 former greatness have promised to re
 ward him for his toil. But this coun
 try, as though she had concealed some
 precious treasure, meets the traveller
 on the outskirts of her dominions with
 pestilence and death. Vet, i n the
 Highlands which have been traversed,
 many unequivocal traces of former civ
 ilization have been discovered. Y’erv
 lately, British enterprise has made some
 important researches in that region ol
country, all of which go to prove that
 Homer did not misplace his regards for
 them, when he associated them with the
 Gods.
 Numerous other instances might b&lt;
 mentioned that would indicate the an
 I cient fame of our ancestors. A fame
 which arose from every virtue, anc
 talent, that render mortals pre-emi
 nently great. From tbe conquests o!
 love and beauty, from the prowess ol
 their arms, and their architecture, poe
 try, mathematics, generosity and piety
 iI will barely allude to the beautiful Cle
 j opatra, who swayed and captivated thi
 heart of Anthony. To Hannibal, the
 sworn enemy and scourge of Rome—
 the mighty General who crossed the
 Alps to meet his foes—the Alps which
 had never before been crossed by ar
 »rmy, nor never since, if we excep
 Napoleon, the ambitious Corsican. T&lt;
 Terrence, Euclid, Cyprian, Origen
 and Augustine.
 In lti'-SO, the very same year ii
 which the Pilgrims landed on the cole
 and rocky shores of New England, i
 Dutch ship, freighted with souls touch
 cd the banks of James river, where th&lt;
 wretched people were employed a!
 slaves in the cultivation ot that hatefu
 weed, tobacco. Wonderful coinci
 dence! The angel of liberty hoverec
 lover New England, and tbe demon o
 slavery unfurled his black flag over th&lt;
 fields of the sunny south.”
 But latterly the slavctrade has beei
 pronounced to be piracy by most all o
 the civilized world. Great Britain ha:
 discarded the chattel principle through
 out her dominions. In 1824, Mexict
 proclaimed freedom to her slaves. Th&lt;
 Pope of Rome, and the sovereigns o
 Turkey and Denmark, and other na
 tions, bow’ at the shrine of liberty. Bui
 I France has laid the richest offering
 upon the altar of freedom, that has
 been presented to God in these lattei
 days. In achieving her almost blood
 less revolution, she maintained an ad
 mirable degree of consistency. The
 same blast of the trumpet of Liberty
 that rang through the halls of the Tuil
 leries, and shattered the throne of the
 i Bourbons, also reached the shores ol
 her remotest colonies, and proclaimed
 the redemption of every slave thal
 moved on French soil. Thus does:
 France remember the paternal advice
 of La Fayette, and atone for the mur
 der of Toussaini. Thanks be to God,
 i the lilly is cleansed of the blood that
 stained it. The nations of the earth
 will gaze with delight upon its demo
 cratic purity, wherever it shall be seen,
 whether in the grape-grown valleys
 where it first bloomed, or in the Isles
 of Bourbon, Guadaloupe, Martinique,
 or in Guiana. The colored people of
 St. Bartholomews, who were emanci
 pated by a decree of the King of Swe
 den last year, have lately sent an ad
 dress to their liberator. Hayti, by the
 heroism of her Oge.Toussaint L’Ouver
 ture, Dcssalines, Christophe, Potion,
 has driven the demon of slavery from
 that island, and has buried his carcase
 in the sea.
 Briefly and imperfectly have I no
 ticed the former condition of the colored
 race. Let us turn for a moment to sur
 vey our present state. The woful
 volume of our history, as it now lies
 open to the world, is written with tears
 and bound with blood. As I trace it,
 J mv eyes ache and my heart is filled
 with grief. No other people have suf
 fered so nuch, and none have been
 more innocent. If 1 might apostro
 phize that bleeding country, I would
 say, O Africa, thou hast bled, freely
 bled, at every pore! Thy sorrow has
 been mocked, and thy grief has not
 been heeded. Thy children are scat
 tered over the whole earth, and the
 great nations have been enriched by
 them. The wild beasts of thy forests
 are treated w ith more mercy than they.
 The Lvbian lion and the fierce tiger
 are caged to gratify the curiosity of
 men, and the keeper’s hands are not
 laid heavily upon them. But thy chil
 dren are tortured, taunted, and hurried
 out of life by unprecedented cruelty.
 Brave men, formed in tbe divinest
 mould, are bartered, sold and mort
 gaged. Stripped of every sacred
 right, they are scourged if they affirm
 that they belong to God. Women,
 sustaining the dear relation of mothers,
 are yoked w ith the horned cattle, to till
 the soil, and their heart-strings are
 torn to pieces by cruel separations from
 their children. Our sisters, ever man
 ifesting the purest kindness, w hether in
 the wilderness of their father-land, or
 amid the sorrows of the middle pas
 sage, or in crowded cities, are unpro
 tected from the lust of tyrants. They
 have a regard for virtue, and they pos
 sess a sense of honor, but there is nc
 respect paid to these j -wels of noble
 character. Driven into unwilling con
 cubinage, their offspring are sold by
 their Ango-Saxon fathers. To them
 the marriage institution is but a name
 for their despoilers break down the hy
 j menial altar and scatter its sacred ashes
 on the winds.
 Our young men are brutalized in in
 tellect, and their manly energies art
 chilled by the frosts of slavery. Some
 times they are called to w it ness the
 agonies of the mothers who bore them
 w rithing under the lash, and as if t&lt;
 fill to overflowing the already full cuj
 of demonism, they are somctioine:
 compelled to apply the lash with theii
 own hands. Hell itself cannot over
 match a deed like this and darl
 damnation shudders as it sinks into it:
 bosom and seeks to hide itself from the
 indignant eye of God.
 The w I Kile numl ier of tiara in tbe F reach Col
 (Hues wu almost 300,000.
 LETTER FROM A BLIND GIRL.
 The following very interesting letter, i
 from a blind cot respondent of the RocJustc
 Democrat.
 Rochester Willow Bank.
 My Dear, very dear Mary;—We
 w hose eyes are closed, have but twodi
 visions of time—a noisy night, and i
 I quiet one. Morning comes, and the
 light streams in sunny rills over all the
 gladsome earth. Long ago, Mary, wc
 two awoke, ere the sun bad kissed tht
 dews into vapor, and ran joyous to greei
 the faces of those we loved-, refreshec
 and beautified by a night of slumbers
 And oh, do you remember, Mary, bow
 from the opened doors, in rushed, like
 resisted waters, a flood of golden light
 When far o’er the green lull*, the ful
orbed son showered his splendors; am
 high up the blue sky, fleecy cloud
 were flying; snd among the tree&amp;merr;
 birds were singing—and on the flowers
 busy bees their nectar draughts wen
 sipping, and all the insect tribes wen
 humming, and we, too, in girLiood gle&lt;
 went singing. How joyful, oh, nov
 joyful, is the morning But now it t
 not so; oar night is unending. Day
 steal on us—and steal from us. YY i
 sleep and awaken but no changi
 comes. No flowers spring up in ou
 path; no garden walks or fields, untoh
 their colors no mountains rise—w
 rivers roll nor oceans swell. To us
 beauty hath veiled her face, and gran
 deur and sublimity, have passed away
 I Yes, Mary, all things have passei
 away. The moon has left the sky
 and all the constellated stars have gom
 down forever; so the bright dreams o
 our youth have fled; promised joy:
 come not. All around are blithe am
 gay, but from morn till eve, Mary, w&lt;
 move cautiously and pensively. Ou
 truant feet often go astray, and w&lt;
 know not when danger is nigh. As th&lt;
 chained eaglet looks heavenward, am
 stretches out his wing in fancied free
 dom, so we sometimes intercept thi
 flight of time—and live forgetful ir
 light, and joy, and hope, only to returi
 and weep in darkness more dark, ant
 loneliness more lonely. But Mary, oui
 darkness, like the clouds, must have it:
 sunny side, for God takes blessing:
 from us only where their absence is thi
 greater blessing sorrow sanctified
 quickens into newness of life, the bet
 ter feelings of our nature —and Mary
 does it not make us love our friends an&lt;
 all the world more; and go not oui
 thoughts oftener up to God and Heaven
 Imagination, that sublime radius of th&lt;
 soul?is every day taking to herself s
 broader sweep; piercing even tbe sep
 ulchre of the buried past —and treading
 fearless, within the boundary of the un
 seen. Science or art, or earth, or sky
 have no treasured worth, or hidder
 beauty, that fancy, in her fleetness
 does not picture in colors brighter far,
 than open eyes can see; and as flowers
 from the depths of the sea, come float
 ing o’er the swelling tide, so beautitu
 images from the long-forgotten past,
 gladden now our searching memories
 Uallileo, who saw more than ail the
 world before him, and opened the eyes
 of all after him, from the top of his pris
 on, with the instrument his own hands
 had made, watched the wheeling orbs
 above, until bis eyes became obsaque as
 the satellites he discovered; in his woes
 he cried, Oh, ye Gods, for power to
 look once more into tlie serene depths
 of the clear night-heaven! If we may
 judge from his frequent and happy de
 scriptions of its beauties, Milton would
 have given all other sights for the glo
 rious morning. Sanderson desired on
 ly once to look along the pages of a
 book, and I have heard you say, Mary,
 you would rather see the flowers, than
 all the world beside! But oh! i! I wore
 to be blessed with one moment «&gt;l sight,
 I would pray, lot me look ir.*o the luce
 of a cherished friend a pair of soul-lit
 eyes, beaming with intelligence and
 love; whose spirit-glances imagination
 cannot picture, and things so holy, un
 sanctilied memory may not treasure.
 Saddened feelings steal upon us, when,
 w ith ravished ears, we listen to descrip
 tions of paintings on the walls, and
 rainbows on the clouds. But, Mary,
 have you never thought the Angels are
 always nearer there, to bear our
 thoughts away, where light is, that
 fades not? Where the painter with his
 brush of divine art, dipped in color’s
 native well, sketches holy imagery;
 scenery of heaven, where deathless
 flowers bloom by living fountains, and
 the fair forms of the blest, where day
 springs fragiant dews hang impearled
 upon their seraph locks! here the
 poet, seated upon some blissful mound,
 writes while the inspirations of holy
 genius burn along his lines; where
 Truths, into which we here look and
 grow bewildered with their depth, we
 shall there explore, invited by the voice
 of Him who sits in majesty enthroned,
 and sways o’er earth and heaven his
 potent rule whose creating hand
 moulds worlds, and tosses them into the
 fields of aether pencil hung; “clothes
 the lillies of the field, and tempers the
 winds to the shorn lamb.”
 Mary, life is what we make it; shut
 out from all that is external, we are
 pretty much the creators of the world
 we live in. Let us see to it then, that
 we be good creators. Since day anc
 night are the same, we can as well peo
 ple our minds with the beams of the
 one, as the clouds of the other; as wel
 call back images of joy and gladness
 as those of grief and care. The latter
 however, may sometimes be our guest:
 to sup and dine, but let them never b&lt;
 permitted to lodge with us. We came
 forth in childhood’s morn to gatliei
 flowers, and because on our way wc
 have dropped a few, we will not si:
 down and weep over the lost, but rath
 er amuse ourselves by counting and
 admiring those we have left. Blindness
 makes us painfully dependent; but Got
 forbid our hearts murmur, or our lips
 complain. The earth is the Lord’s
 aud the fullness thereof.” The cattle
 upon a thousand hills are his; running
 waters and green pastures are in his
 hands, and even now, he may be lead
 ing us hither, by ways wc have nol
 known! In the love and sympathy o
 friends, who every where hasten to d&lt;
 us kindness, we have a well-spring o
 pleasure, inexhaustible as the good
 feelings of the human heart. Cora is
 an angel of patience, Mary, or I hac
 not written you so long a letter. Hei
 little hand must be weary, thi.ugh she
 says no, and when I complain of trou
 J bling her, she folds her am.* arouiu
 my neck and w hispers, afflicted frjends
 are our ministering spirits—for us the;,
 languish—for us they die.
 Mary, it is four by the clock, and 1
 fancy myself again in the Inslitutior
 parlor, drumming a piano lesson, as i:
 noise w-ere its only object. Now opem
 the door, Kitty, Libby, Jose, and Susa
 all in tbe same breath exclaim Mr
 Dean? Mr. Dean? No; he has not
 come yet; now, they are not mistaken
 his well known tread in the ball the)
 heard, and his voice guides them to hit
 arms; some are in his lap, others hang
 around his chair; all expect a kiss, i
 kind word; yes, and something more
 Look! wharha* he new Jor these, hti
 pet children Pine-apples, banoanaa
 figs, oranges! These with a father’)
fondness he divides, answering mean
 time their many questions, of the peo
 pie who grow and gather such delicious
 fruits; bow preserved, where procured
 he. But where is Charley, the pet o
 all the house? forgive the little rogue
 be has gone trudging up the long stain
 with a heart full of complaint to Mi*
 i Wild, that his apron-pocket ain’t “big
 ger enough.” Patting them on tb&lt;
 head affectionately, Mr. Dean says
 jgo away now my children to play
 I while 1 read a little to these larges
 girls bless bis heart! some choici
 book we know, perhaps just from th&lt;
 press; and as we sit encircled round
 hour after hour goes unheeded by, til
 late in the evening we bid him gooc
 night at the yard gate. It is a lon§
 walk to Mr. Dean’s mansion, but hap
 py thoughts like good society, alwayi
 annihilate time and distance. Oh
 Mary, is it not heart-rending to live
 over in after time*, scenes of such rid
 enjoyment. I often wonder who comes
 to read for you on Sabbath evenings,
 now our good friend Mr. Murray has
 J made his home in Oswego! We aevei
 forget thoae to whom we have beer
 truly kind; so we will hope thoughts ol
 those whom his frequent visits made sc
 happy, will come to him sometimes even
 there. Mary, every body is kind to us
 and why is it so? Yesterday, two Ca
 naries were presented to me; one J
 shall bring to you, and the other to Ann.
 Their v.oices are equalled in sweetness
 by none but your own. Pardon me, il
 I flatter, but I could not complimeni
 their musical powers more, or describe
 them to you better. Remember me
 kindly to all in the Institution, and say
 in the month of roses I shall again be
 with them. Good bye‘ Mary,
 S. H. DeK.
 IMPORTANCE OF LISTENING
 WELL.
 It seems paradoxical to observe that
 the art of listening well forms a duty
 of conversation. To give up the whole
 of your attention to the person who ad
 dresses himself to you is sometimes a
 heavy task; but it is one which we
 must pay for the privileges of social
 life, and an early practice will render it
 almost an involuntary act of good breed
 ing whilst consideration for others
 will give this little sacrifice a merit and
 a charm of which the lowest proof of
 Christian feeling can never be devoid.
 To listen well is to make an uncon
 scious advancement in the power of
 conversing. In listening, we perceive
 in what the the interest, in what the
 failure of others consist. We become,
 too, aware of our own deficiencies,
 without having them taught through
 the medium of humiliation. e find
 ourselves often more ignorant than we
 could have supposed it possible. e
 learn, by a very moderate attention to
 the sort of topics which please, to form
 a style of our own. The ait of conver
 sation, is an unph a ant phrase. The
 power of conversing well is least agree
 able w hen it assumes the character of
 an art. In listening, a well-bred gen
 tlewoman will gently sympathise with
 the speaker; or, if needs nmst be, dif
 fer us gently. Much character is
 shown in the art of listening. Some
 people appear to be in a violent hurry
 whilst another speaks; they hasten on
 the person who addresses them, as one
 would urge on a horse, with Yes, yes.
 Very good. Ah!’ Others sit on the
 full stare, eyes fixed as those of an
 owl, upon the speaker. From others,
 a loud and long laugh is, at intervals
 produced, and all the company turn
 round to see what was the cause of the
 merriment. But all these vices of man
 ners may be avoided by a gentle atten
 tion, and a certain calm dignity of man
 ner, based upon a reflective mind and
 humble spirit.— Hints to Yeung Ladies
 on tlirir Entrance into Society.
 HAMBURG 11.
 I felt a sincere and deep respect for
 the old city, which the narrow streets
 and thronging masses of the people
 helped to sustain. I really believe our
 coachman drove us up one street and
 down the other in order to show us the
 imposing greatness of the town, for it
 •lasted almost an eternity before we
 came to the Hotel de Baviere,’ in
 Neue Jungfernstieg,’ where we de
 scended. Here within the city itself it
 looks well, as the Alster, which is
 broad and large, separates, as it were,
 the old town from the new. The high
 towers are reflected in the water, where
 the swans glide along, and the boats
 rock with their loads of well-dressed
 persons. The Jungfernstieg is
 crowded with promenaders; and along
 here, where the one hotel lies by the
 side of the other, the door-ways are
 thronged with waiters, upper-waiters,
 and upper-waiters’ upper-waiters.
 We will, however, not tarry here,
 but reserve our visit until the evening,
 when all is lighted up, although it can
 well bear being seen by daylight. We
 will venture into the crowd, amongst
 hackney coaches, shouting retailers of
 ail kinds, flower girls from Vicrlanden,
 and busy monied inen from ’Change.—
 It looks as if it were but one single
 shop—so thickly do they press on each
 other. The streets cross one another,
 and down towards the Elbe we find
 some to wi.ich the entrance i 9 through
 a lobby, and where scarcely any one
 can live that exceeds a certain circum
 ference, unless lie live in them contin
 ually. I stuck my head into one of
 them, but durst not go further, for they
 reminded me of a dream 1 once bad:—
 how the houses iu Ostergade, (East
 street,) Copenhagen, where I wa*
 walking, also began to walk, but with
 their fronts towards each other, so that
 the streets had the appeal ance of these
 Hamburg streets; and as they made
 another step,‘l sat squeezed in between
 the walls, and could neither get forward
 nor backward —which was rather un
 pleasant.
 Yet a swarm of children played about
 in them, quite pleased and satisfied in
 that half obscure Hamburger-world.
 A poor man who was buried, four
 men bore the coffin, and the wife fol
 lowed; they had some difficulty in
 passing through the narrow lane; the
 way was straight;, not a sunbeam found
 its way down here—it vy only when
 they emerged into the broader streets
 that the sun-light fell on the bumble
 1 coffin. I heard a story about this fw
 oeral, which ia as poetically touching
 as it is true.
Within this narrow street, high uj
 in an equally narrow chamber, lay this
 "poor corpse; the wife sat and wep
 over it; she knew of no expedient U
 get it buried—she had no means. Th&lt;
 window stood open, when a canary-birc
 flew into the room, and settled by its
 head of the corpse, where it began t&lt;
 sing, it made a strange impression oi
 the woman; she could weep no longer,
 for she imagined it must have come
 down to her from the Lord. The bin
 was tame, it allowed itself to be caughl
 j directly; and as she related the circum
 j stance to a neighbor, and showed bet
 the bird, the woman remembered thal
 she had shortly before read an adver
 tisement in the newspaper about a ca
 nary-bird that had flown away from it*
 home.
 i “It was the smio bird; and the wo
 man on restoiiug it to its owners, found
 (there human hearts, who rendered hef
 such assistance as enabled her to bury
 the dead.”— Rambles, Sfc., by Hans
 Christian dndersen.
 VOCAL MUSIC.
 "The Hutchinsons we consider an
 exception to modern performers, and
 their singing a fine specimen of what
 vocal music ought to be. W hat is it
 that adds such a mighty charm to their
 music that attracts such full aad
 crowded houses, upch a general rush,
 wherever they go? Some may answer,
 it is the power, melody and harmony of
 their voices. But these alone would
 1 not do it. These qualities, it is true,
 are essential, but something more is
 necessary, which they always have, to
 wit—simplicity. All ostentation and
 display, all affectation, or pretending to
 be what they are not, is loathed and
 abhorred by them. Nature, truth,sim
 plicity, springing from purity of heart,
 motive,. principle, these added to the
 natural gills of voice, furnish the mys
 terious popularity. It was simplicity
 which threw around these unpretend
 ing Americans such a halo of splendor
 in Europe.- It was this which first at
 tracted the attention and admiration and
 enlisted the active exertions and power
 ful influence of William and Mary
 Howitt, and many other people of virtue
 and distinction in old England, in favor
 of our unassuming neighbors. Had
 tiiese plain vocalists laid aside their
 simplicity, which still so gracefully be
 fits them, and put on airs of style and
 fashion, and superiority, all their melo
 dy and splendor of voice would have
 availed t' ein nothing. Affectation never
 reaches the heart. Nati.re, truth, sim
 plicity, sincerity, find their way directly
 there.
 BERXABDIN !&gt;E ST. PIERRE.
 In referiing to modern prose writers,
 I dwell with peculiar complacency on
 that small production of the creative
 imagination to Woicli Beuaidin St.
 Pierre owes the fairest poition of his
 literury tame —I mean •‘i’uul and Vir
 ginia,” a work such as scarcely any
 other literature can show. It is the
 simple but living picture of an island m
 the tropic seas, in which, sometime#
 smiled on by serene and iavoring skies,
 sometimes threatened by the violem
 contlict of the elements, two young and
 graceful forms stand out picturesquely
 from the wild luxuriance of the vegeta
 tion of the forest, as from a flowery ta
 pestry. Here, and in the “Chauiniere
 ludienne,” and even in the Etudes
 de la Nature, (which are unhappily
 disfigured by extia*.agant theories and
 erroneous physical views,) the aspect
 of the sea, the grouping of the clouds,
 the rustling of the breeze in the bushes
 of the bamboo, and the waving of the
 lofty palms, are painted with iniinitahU
 truth. Beruai din de St. Pierre’s master
 work, Paul and Virginia,” accompa
 nied inc into the zone to which it owes
 its origin. It was read there for many
 years by my dear companion and
 friend Bonpiand and myself, and there
 —(let this appeal to personal feelings
 be forgiven)—under the silent bright
 ness of the tropical sky, or when, iu the
 rainy season, on the shores of Orinoco,
 the thunder crashed, and the flashing
 lightning illuminated the forest,we were
 deeply impressed and penetrated with
 the wonderful truth with which this
 little work paints the power of nature in
 the tropical zone in all its peculiarity of
 character. Humboldt's Cosmos.
 THE GOLD WATCH,
 I have now in my hand a gold watch,
 which combines embellishment and
 utility in happy proportions, and is
 usually considered a very valuable
 appendage to the person of a gentle
 man. Its hands, lace, chain and case,
 are of chased and burnished gold. Its
 gold seals sparkle with the ruby, the
 topaz, the sapphise, the emerald. I
 open it, and find that the works, with
 out which this elegant chased case
 would be a ineie shell, those hands
 motionless, and those figures without
 meaning are made of brass. I investi
 gate further, and ask, what is the
 spring by which ail taese arc put in
 motion, made of lam told it is made
 of steel. I ask what is sleet? The
 reply is that it is iron which has under
 gone a certain process. So then 1 find
 the main spring, without which the
 watch would be motionless, and its
 hands, figures and embellishments but
 toys, is not of gold—that is not suffi
 ciently good, nor of brass, that would
 not d&lt;&gt;—but of iron. Iron is therefore
 the only precious metal and this
 watch an apt emblem of society. Iu
 hands and figures winch tell the hour,
 resemble the master spirits of the age,
 to whose movements every e&gt;e is di
 rected. Its useless, but sparkling seals,
 sapphires, rubies, topaz, and embellish
 ments, the aristoracy. Its works of
 brass, the middle class, by the in
 creasing intelligence and power of
 which the master spirits of the age
 are moved; and its iron main spring,
 shut up in a box always at work, but
 never thought of except when it is
 disordered, broke or wads winding up,
 symboihcally the laborious claqpea,
 which like the main spring, w wind up
 by the paymenf|of wages; and which
 classes are shut up in obscurity, and
 though constantly at work, and abso
 lutely as necessary to the movement of
 aociety as the iron mnn-npring is to
 the gold watch, are never thought of
 except when they require their wage*,
 or are in some want or disorder of some
 kind or other. Edward Everett.
QfbotrtisimfnU
 UNmWSECOOUKGsTviTDr
 THE Subscriber* iff manufactur.,. A
 Cooking Store designed for I
 wwMird to wt Mhfr Mote
 »nd constructed strictly ut on philoaopbu
 The Oven heated tiy but air, (the only bE ln&lt; ‘V***-
 patented.) and warranted to Udte ,T T
 any brick oren. For sale only by the
 wholesale and retail, 34, Exctwogr Street. nwl
 II BCBH k Cv
 OWEN 10 RBI S’ CITTBI3 DFH
 o*i&gt;RK Tar aiuiva—late rtaitra a
 MR. MORRIS *u M the erupt- &gt;y of Mr.
 Xww fur seven yearn, and iltirinr that ha*
 prortred ft»r him three Stiver Medal*, for the Vm
 Ehnena t 4 Book Binding, exhibited at tl*
 ikV Fair* held in tki* rity and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’* Libraries fitted np a**) repaired
 Masir Paper rated; Mwie and Per ikd real* hound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment base given
 sati*fart ton, In their durability arvl k-gaace. Strin
 attention i* always paid to the quality id' paper u*td
 to render them c«mal to tin- best in tiie nited
 or those imported.
 —Giiaril Book*, AH urn* and
 Portfolio*, in afi Their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best'style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;r., mar be
 assured of work being.done on the roo.t advartageotj*
 term*.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volume* to the ai*&gt;ve directions, stating
 price ami style, may rely upon their Feme well hound
 on rite most favorable term*, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 NJT. The proprietor has spared no expense ia
 fitting ttp file e.ftiMtshn* nt. and introducing info
 Western -New Voik tiie Lit-,; improvement* mi
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BOSTON .4011 RTISEMEMS.
CLARKSO N,
 LONDONJEIMTION —WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW rupic* of t I.AKkSOVS HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF TIIF. SI.AYT
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the sul-fuji-fut
 atmlition of Slavery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, th-uc on atawl,-*.*
 book which could not he imported for less than three
 dollars, can fa- had at 21, Cornhill. if applied for
 immediately, at the very low pi ice ol Ovt Dollar
 cash. Also, EUI.OGU’M ON CLARKSON, by
 Aiexamikk t ki m u ill, at the reduce*, price *t
 twelve ami a hall cents.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jn., Attorney ami oun*
 sellor at Law .Eraser’* Building, State Street.
 JOSEPH 11. TWIN w&lt; nld invite ihe attrntiaa
 of his friend* and the public to hi* DACFER
 RIAN GALLERY, .V. 13$, /Wire „t, „hr,e
 he pledge* himself to extents Miniatures with a h's
 like finish, and oh a* nu.delate tent,* a, an* other*
 »the profession.
 Macon bT 'ai.i.en, aim-. M r
 at L.iw Massachusetts PI
BON S’ C LO’i 11 1 NG.
 v. i! I EL Xk ILSON, 11, fit at St i.,-.»mg
 O made iper ta did ns folds sir». i -paied
 tum-sh LOIS’ t I.OIIt I L-, t es &lt;i materia'
 and fi;, and at a&gt; t tc..\ p»ites. as c;. n I lAlaiotti r
 tin- eify
 NEW ENGLAND H&lt;&lt;M HAND
 CLOT 111 Mi S'hllJ,
 No. 56, I xfnx Stri rr, P-oitov.
 JOHN W RKilil kt ep.v ei.nttantly '-n hand m
 great vsvriety ot New an S-t r. rid llnrtt: t.itthin|.
 Goods of all kWr as cl. ih-. \V. I. good*.
 Watches,Boots ai-ii sh. es, ikrexel auge. for nr\*
 cl&lt; thing. Cash aavaneei on all kind* of g- &lt;x;»,
 from one to one hundred didfai*.
 TOHN I&gt;. Kfc\ ALTON, limit t tntreg
 tl aitti T»rftmieiy Emjuiiiin, 114, I! ai kstoi« §r.
 THE DELAW ARE A EOLITH &lt;N Ist!
 A PA PER of the ab vr&gt; name n ill I j t I'i-f-esl in
 iX Wilmington, I t the Delaware Ai r.-Slaver*
 Soeiefy. It will lee-!ir«-d ly a&lt; u ~i Wl ll
 lie I'stilishnl on a half mnlium sheet, tv-tirg
 cents pe year, or for tnenty-four nuuil. i&gt;. liwdkle
 tlevoted !o emam ipatinn in Ih l.twan a i. wdl ad
 vorate its arromrlishment l.y all law lid means, 't
 will Ire published il mean* are :d
 -foriled,or a* often as the means Van h.- ohrarred.
 JAMES B. BROOKE
 I'uljiishitrg A gem.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CUKE7
 T Electricity and Hydropathy.
 HFI public arc icspcithilly inioiinrd, that since
 •Ik- f&gt;i? .'r.lsrti.,l!* of the learned Hr.
 Means, ot Riuitx nllcj{f, (!a., and jfu. srisntifcr
 experiment* of fi’r. llrininci of England,* have
 recently ami indtdiiMWy cstallislicd the fact, list
 •h* OiftrlusKif!? at vvthe undersigned arrived lit
 the wine of fetich, in 1.544, aie ui harmony with
 natural ami j.l.yuolcjrir;,| la&lt;\&gt; —to wit, that the
 iiuman body, in a ln-lt|iy rendition, i* in a jvutnr
 tlttlni ai ktaft, and that the iVeniral emanations*
 from the cnfWtiFar stn-fare, indie ate health, or the
 symptoms and character of direart—th»re is »me
 reason to hope, that ceifain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or ijafnral law*, a knowledge of
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent pmrtirr
 of the healing ait, will cease their vociferation*
 against the posit iv k i Ltri RirvL sTertc.frhe
 human hodv, and will hesitate to dissuade tho»c
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaint*,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Aorta**
 to* Wati r Cl RK. Thus sustained l.y the light
 of science, tlie under* igned may tie permitted lie re
 to repat hi* expeiienre, that, in all case* where the
 wrist, stomach, cr lungs, arc in the electro-negative l
 eon lition, the patient i* lieyond the power of water
 to alford relict, tin I lie oilier haial, when tin pans
 of the hotly alluded to, are in the elretro-positive
 state, however disarranged, tliete is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past \rars’ practice
 already rorrvinecd tlie public of the "safety or trutli-
 I nines* of die principle* by which tin* undersigned is
 governed, in detettn q; the symptom* and cluuacter
 of disease, ami practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correi-tness, h\ I’roferscr
 Means and Mr. Ilrimiftr, could not tail to convince
 the most incredutoa*.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success a* a Hydropathic Irani
 tioner, ly a discerning puhlir, and the gratitude
 evinced Ly those whom h*&gt; has had the pleasure t»
 relieve of lln-ir complaint., ike audersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain ike credit,and met it
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philo*&gt; j local method t.f practice.
 The Northam; ton Water t un* i* j ieavnntlv *ifu
 aletl near lieusouvhle, ou liie west bunk of l/irking
 Water, or Mill Kiv. t aUut two and a half mjl*
 fiom tin* centre of the town. f, conveoiewtl*
 arranged, with separate pmhrv, Utbi-g w!
 mg-rtiOiiK, for Uur# *’*l (iruiituirH, uttl vruliK
 atrslaml Conveniently fd. id,lied Imging »o« •‘1
 a variety id baths, sepphe.l with wale?, „j,. p.,
 a&amp;utidmice, purity, ami to
 i mpose*, is nilmiipassed t* that of »n&gt;
 Lk.Lioviil ui tin* country. The *eei m
 vicinity i* pit luiestpie wild romanti.. 1,,
 variety of pleasaiii walk*, siitSekni:.
 aUow w.itn-cine p&gt;les’t to appear a 1
 pkiuuy ■a* »»e't k enp-y i.g tiu ir iau.tr w«u*
 i |ul i*&lt; gace nr oL»« i»
 Amo coni| hunts whirl. are h»-ie «c» s.lully
 tu«U 'i,rii la-.i .ache, nle t rey ot hhxsi to Um i*ea&lt;l
 coil ext! emit othiliiy, b,on-
 rhttis, (Mtkmaury tfrrefuwi, li«n irj fe in’t, j.,,,,,.
 dice, acute u cnioiiic inhau.mats n ot tiu* h&gt;.writ
 pik**, &lt;:j*|ej *ia, gcia-i d Uhfy ,le i ««ki* and spinal
 affection-, mHstmAKit'rv aod iliiooic il.cuii*..t,*m
 ueuraJgia, eriatu a, Uiur nud fMCtliiw,(cvris, sail
 il« euii, scrofak.ut are erysip, la* tu nois.
 All patient* wh*i visit tin, rstaldisliuent for a
 coarse of tmitns at, -houlo fiwn»li tie in*elv«« with
 three romka tables, thiec wooi.cn blankets, one or
 two linen ami thiee cotton sleet,, t« jlk.* ta»es
 six or eight .raJi towels, ws.r well worn tine N to*
 cut fa kme .ultoiw. mi old ciowk of taatUU -*u Lih-
 Iweha, ami a pak of slipper*.
 Term, for treat ns-.., amt hoard are ft 5 50 to
 fS SOper week, payable weekly- washing .stia.
 I atieiri* reipuitiug extra attention w hie uv tier
 r *T* swathing pwq-0m,,) w,h famish
 their owa awtsca and iael,or p», an extn
 SmtkmmfUm, Mmrtk I#M«.
 M.B. Visitor* to the fn m tk.
 «s»t, wewg, or tooth, cm take liw* car, of Um I'ww
 River Railroad at Carriage* wdl
 •Iwaya he u. «t the .Xurthampom depot, to
 CMsvcj thcaa hither.
 •JV human 14nod, m a normal and healthy coe
 *)fvtchi, if m a positive iUU,
 __ *f Mfuataiiieii by the activity of lt&gt;e
 f****J®*f ffwerces within— an races, generalfy p*»*
 '"•I dhacs from the cetsewiar Mihrr, so dial
 owt of SSf nwriisrsti matle by Mr. lirunurr of
 r-nfhuid,wpdn die uncovered skin.” 3Jt indicated
 ffc* IWim me of positive electrsrm. This sucphaiage
 of the Amd upon the fwrlkce, »c t*i&gt;evc u&lt; be imJia
 pTMshla to the hrahhlai comhtioa of the whole
 Mtintlvcamsmy, ami that whee, trw«o any came, ie
 dsmituahed or erase*, diseased artsoa en«ues. &gt;k
 8a» iddtwf, delivered Uthxe the Medical College of
 Oasrus. at the uaaniag of iu annual se—sow. Nee.
 8, U 47, by A. Mm*"*. A.M., M.H., Ptohww of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Prolesaor of phyetfal
 •cimre ta tsnory C'olWg*. Ga-, f*fe ?i.
"
