"FREDERICK DOUGLAS,
 M R. DELANY, E,,TOm
VOL. I. NO. 26.
The NORTH HTAR i* published etery
 Friday, at No. 25, Rafale Street,
 (OjppMt »V .IrrW#.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* pw nmm, olwp m No
 Mbocrtptioa will lie received fi# te*n term Umo
 «i&lt; month*.
 AdvrtiiKntontt not exiwedioy ten linr* i.J»rtna
 thro* time* for on* dollar; ever* nwer
 twenty-fire cent*.
 Ta* object of the NoitrK Sr*R wiH be to attack
 SitMM in *ll it* form* wjwct.; *dv*cate
 U»,*,***.. K* *cir no'
 ef Pc*Lie MomlitT; pr.mwte th« »«l an,i
 talWctul improved of the Cotoaio P.ori.E;
 e*d h»t*. the «Uv of FREEDOM the Tnatt
 Millions of *«r E-»l*t«u Fum* Go*.*-
 ram*.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 M- AH communication* re lari nr to the butinw
 Mncee, Re., *hooU b« ;*.i.lre*»cd U WiLLiaa G.
 fIiLL, I’oblirlter.
 in. A rent*, and all other* v"d*"f m»e*. *re
 l*e**etied to b* accurate, and gi*'c tl»c o*f Ofiet, j
 I,* roK-i/y. and il*e Safe. Each Sul»cril»er it im
 mrdiatelv credited f«*r money received.
 ft&gt; Anv per*on Mnd.nii in tlie |mymcnt for four
 aahaeriberi, to lie ft warded to one ad.lre*., may
 hav* fifth rnyy for one year.
 {ff- Alt lettai* and coioinunicaliou* m**t be po»t
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 MiiticauuTTi. —R. K. Walcott,2l. oroliill.:
 D**ton; NatlmnJ&lt;&gt;l»n*on, New Medford; Horatio W
 Fatter, i.owell; Jnine* N. Butfum, i.ynn; George,
 F.vant, Worcetter Monroe Spooner, IMvmm.tli;
 Chart** It- Seth, Springfield; Havid Kugglc.*,
 Northampton; 11. t'arpeuter. Fptnn.
 Mai**:. —Oliver Hewlett, Portland.
 V m *o*T. —Rowland T. Robinson, North ter-,
 Co* t r CTic'CT. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New Jlamcmiiki. Weare rappan, Hradford.
 Nrw York. Sydney If. Gay, 142. Nassau
 ffo/rtt: Jame* Met 'one Smith, S 3, est Hrondvvay; j
 J*mol« Boat, Wetthurv, &lt;i'«een ‘'omttv; Mar* Har
 per AtWanv Elia* ll itv, Maredon: Willetts Keete.!
 Pt«ii. &lt;’011011; William S. IWUinvMnr, Troy;
 J. K. Platt, Pea* Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt. Bath.
 Bnovc I«f vu. —Amaraney Paine, Providence.
 Pr.vvcvi.tM’Ki.n, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Phila.lelptia; &lt;L W, Goi****, 8, Exchange
 Place. Ditto; 11, Vathon. B, ftown. Pittslmrg;
 Wtlhata Wliijiper. Columbia; l-aae R Jvrta, Jacob
 L. Pason. Norriatown, NoUgou*erj Cfttnly, Milo
 k. Towntend, Nt*r pivigl^on.
 Olio.—(‘hrittian Donaldson, Cinwi**a*ii G, \Y.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nich&lt;»i*on. IbrM'j Jvurgh,
 Warren County; S*»#.**J U#&gt;hA&gt;. ftalcai,
 hai*o&gt;, itrftroic
 I k nit sJoel P. Davis, Economy. Way** Co, 1
S (lectio it 6.
BEI'OI.UTiON OF THE SPWDLKB,
 pas TlfE OVERTHROW OF AMERICAN
 SLAVERY.
 England. i chile sympalhrnn g with the nations
 in their efforts to subvert Continental Iks
 jiotit/n. is herself the upholder of the worst
 despotism unfit r the sun.
 It cannot be denied that these are
 most eventful times. Ancient mon
 archies iire tottering; the throne ol
 France has already crackled in the
 hontircs of the populace; and in almost
 every country of Europe, liberty is
 measuring swords with despotism.—
 Instead of the lamentations of the ex
 iled Pole, or the half-stifled murmurs of
 the Italian patriot, or the wail of the
 captive from the depths of his Austrian
 dungeon, wc hear the shouts of tri
 umphant multitudes, as one after an
 other of the strongholds of absolutism
 gives way before them. Hut the worst
 despot of all remains untouched.
 Within twenty days’ sail of our own
 shores, and amongst a people with
 whom we are more closely connected
 than with any nation of fhe Continent,
 there still survives the despotism of the
 skin, which, of all forms of oppression,
 is the mo9t hateful and revolting. —j
 Throned upon the Southern Alleghu-J
 nies, and with a sway extending from
 the Gulf of Mexico to the Potomac,and
 from thff Atlantic to the great Missouri,
 the tyrant holds three millions of human
 beings in a thraldom that would not be
 tolerated in Europe.
 Negro Slavery is the worst despotism under
 the Sun.
 The F.uropean tyrant denies the
 liberty of the Press —the American, the
 liberty of the Person. The former
 proscribes a certain class of newspa
 pers—the latter makes it a crime to
 teach a slave to read. The former
 denies to his people a voiefe In the laws
 that govern them—the latter makes man
 a marketable commodity, steals his
 child out of the cradle, and sells his
 wife on the auction-block to the high
 est bidder. The former strids an of
 fender into banishment, or shuts him dp
 in prison, without a trial—the latter
 condemns a man to the life and servi-’
 tude of a brute, without a crime! As 1
 much as personal liheity is dearer than
 political, is the bondage of the negro j
 Morse than the thraldom of the Euro
 pean.
 But wc will allow America to speak!
 for herself, in the language of one of
 her principal sons. The following
 epitome of the system is extracted from 1
 a book published at New York, 183‘J,
 eatkkrd American Slavery as it is;
 Testimony of a Thousand Witnesses,”
 l»y Theodore Weld, an able and cousci- J
 entious advocate of human rights:
 M ill prove that the slaves in
 the United States are treated with bar
 barous inhumanity they are over
 worked, under-fed, wretchedly dad and
 l ave insufficient sleep;
 that they are often made to M’ear round
 their necks iron collars, armed with'
 prongs; to drag heavy chains and'
 weights at their feet, Mhile working in 1
 the fields, and to wear yokes, and bells,'
 and iron horns; that they are often!
 kept confined in the stocks, day and
 night, for weeks togther; made to wear
 gags in their mouths for hours or days; j
 have their front teeth torn out or brol
 ken ofl*. that they may be easily detect- j
 ed when they run away that they are 1
 frequently flogged with terrible sever!-
 ty; have red pepper rubbed into their
 lacerated flesh, and hot brine, spirits of
 turpentine, Btc., poured over the gashes
 to increase the torture.
 That they are often hunted with blood-!
THE NORTH STAR.
hounds, and shot down like beasts, or
 tom in pieces by dogs.
 All these things, and more, and Worse,
 we shall prove. Reader, we know
 whereof we affirm -we have weighed
 it well More, and worse, We will
 prove. Mark these words and read on.
 VVc will establish these facts by the
 testimony of scores and hundreds of
 eye-witnesses by the testimony of
 slaveholders, in all parts of the slave
 States—by slavebolding members of
 Congress, and of State
 bv ambassadors to Foreign Courts—by
 Judges —by doctors of divinity and
 clergymen of all denominations—byj
 merchants, mechanics, lawyers, and
 physicians—by presidents and profess
 ors iri colleges and professional semi
 naries by planters, overseers, and
 drivers. We shall show not merely
 that such deeds are committed, but that
 they are frequent; not done in corners,
 but before the sun; not in one of the
 slave States, but in all of them; not
 perpetrated by brutal overseers and
 drivers merely, but by magistrates, by
 legislators, by professors of religion,
 by preachers of the gospel, by govern
 ors of .States, by gentlemen of prop
 erty and standing,’ ami by delicate fe
 males, moving in the ‘highest circles of
 society.'
 The pledge, thus given by the author
 in his introduction, is fulfilled with aw-
 ful accuracy in the chapters which fol-f
 low. YVe do not suppose that another!
 book exists in the Knglish language,
 detailing, in the compass of two hun
 dred pages, such a mass of human suf
 fering.
 Let it not be supposed that Ameri
 can slavery is much altered far the bet
 ter in the nine years since this book
 was published. YVe could present the
 reader with a multitude of extracts
 from American newspapers of recent
 date, detailing similar enormities.—
 They are the natural results of ir
 responsible power,wielded by unregen
 erate man.*
 To illustrate the present American
 Jaw, a a bearing on the colored popula
 tion, we quote a paragraph from a Ken
 tucky paper, the Louisville Examiner,
 of Feb. 12th, 184*4.
 Here, the freeman may be sold
 into slavery forever, if he he unable to
 pay a trifling fine. There it is a crim
 inal offence to teach the slave to read
 the word of (iod—that word which we
 are commanded to study and honor—;
 that word which the saviour died to;
 teach. In one state, marriages are net J
 allowed; the law making the offspring
 of any union among slaves illegitimate.'
 In none are they legalized.’’
 Surely, these last two facts, reveal-;
 ing, as they do, a feature of the slave-'
 system, so unutterably odious, ought
 to he sufficient to bring down up«»n iti
 the concentrated scorn of Christen-'
 dom.
 V rgro Slavery is not maintain .dfor its own
 sake, hut for the sake of profit.
 This proposition, wc think, must be
 self-evident. The lazy and luxurious 1
 planter would not take the trouble to
 train the negroes to his service, to drive
 them to the field, and flog them at the
 whipping-post, for the mere love of
 cruelty; nor would he, for this, submit
 to live in continual apprehension of that
 vengeance which such treatment can
 not fail to engender, and which ever
 and anon bursts over the heads of the
 slaveholders with terrific violence. No;
 the planter loves the slave system be
 cause he loves the gold which it brings
 into his coffers. The love of gold is
 the root of the evil. It is for the sake
 of profit, aud not for its own sake, that
 slavery is maintained.
 The cultivation of cotton has been the chief
 source of profit to the American slavehold
 er; consequently American Slavery denies
 its vitality from the cotton troth.
 The American Almanack for 1848,
 contains a table of the “Exports of
 the growth, produce, and manufacture
 ot the United States, during the two
 years ending June 30th, 1846,” value
 estimated in Hollars. In this we find
 cotton, to the amount sf ninety-four
 millions and a half of dollars, was ex
 ported during those two years, besides
 seven millions and a half of cotton
 goods. '1 he next article of importance
 on the list is grain, which, including
 flour, biscuits, Stc., presents a total of
 twenty-four millions of dollars, being
 less than onfe-lbuttb of the value of the
 cotton trade-. In considering these
 figures, it should also be borne in mind
 that thb Whole of the cotton is pro
 duced in the slave states, and u very
 large proportion of the grain in the
 free.
 YVb firid, by ft reference to statistics,
 that American slavery has grown up,
 and behotne fcohsolidated, side by side,
 with the cotton trade. YY’hile there
 was little coiton, there were few slaves;
 and now, both slaves and bales of cot
 ton count by the million. Before the
 Americans were stimulated to injustice
 by their cotton gains, and previous to
 their declaration of independence, (4th
 July, 1776,) a very strong anti-slavery
 feeling appears to have existed amongst
 them.
 But a new era in the agriculture and
 commerce of America was approach
 ing—an era as calamitous to the col
 ored population as that of their new
 born liberties was beneficial to the
 whites. Little dreamed the ingenious
 Eli YVbitney, when riveting the teeth
 on his admirable invention, the cotton
 gin, that he whs ttt the same time rivet
 ing the fetters on the slave, and the
 What better indeed can br expected where tb»-
 law paratiii a amrtJtr to best a »ht*e to drath, ten
 et led bis iraUßStdl cos* »tibia the ilaw bot.b-t
 definition of ntoderrale correetioa,*' and when it I
 k further remembered that many of them menttut
 Sr« perpetrated in the presence of colored pt-rtnni
 wdy, tVhoM oriffcoee u inadmiiritle against the j
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF OS ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
foulest of institutions on (1m frame
 work of American society, On thii
 subject, we quote an article m The
 Friend, No. 64, being an- abridge men)
 from the twenty-firat volume of 44 Silli
 tnttn’s Journal:
 Negro slavery existed in the Uni
 ted States Jong before the cotion-gir
 was brought into use, yet at the time ol
 its invention, the market was glutted
 w ith all those articles which were suit
 ed to the soil and climate of Georgia,
 and it was difficult to find profitable em
 ployment for the sieves. Under thes«
 circumstances, slavery must have lan
 guished, and the pecuniary value oi
 slaves have suffered a great decline;
 and experience sufficiently proves thal
 when the price of slaves is low, eman
 cipations become frequent. But the
 invention of the cotton-gin, by opening
 a new source of profit from the labor ol
 slaves, enhanced their value, and gave
 an impulse to the traffic in their per
 sons from the exhausted slave States of
 the north to those further south and
 west, an impulse which continues to the
 present day.”
 We learn from the same source, that
 the invention of the cotton-gin (which
 is the machine used in separating the
 seed from the fibre,) took place about
 the year 1703. The marvellous impe
 tus given to the cotton trade by this
 invention, may be judged of from the
 fact, that while in the year immediately
 preceding, that is, in 1792, the total
 weight of cotton raised in the United
 States, was estimated at three millions
 of pounds; in 1800, it was reported at
 thirty-five millions; in 1810, at eighty
 five millions; in 1820, at one hundred
 and sixty millions; in 1830. at three
 hundred and fifty millions; in 1840, at
 seven hundred and ninety millions; and
 in 1847, (as per report of the Patent
 office, quoted in the Standard,) at one
 thousand and forty-one millions.
 Still more clearly to elucidate the co
 temporaneous growth of slavery and
 the cotton-trade, we give two tables,
 compiled by the intelligent editorofthe
 North of Scotland Gazette, and pub
 lished in that paper of November 30th,
 1847:
 Export* of Cotton from the U. States.
 Year. Lbs.
 17!H&gt;, 189,316
 1800, 20.911.201
 1810, 62,186,081
 1820, 124,893,405
 1830, 270,979,781
 1810, 540,957,568
 1843, -1,081,919,136
 1846, -1,250,500,000
 Slave loj ulation in the United Sides,
 Year. Population
 1710, 657,437
 1809, 866,582
 1810, 1,299,872
 1820, 17,33,102
 1830, 2,310.882
 1810, 2,485,085
 1843, 2,817,810
 1816 3,000,000
 After considering these statements,
 who is there that can re sist the conclu
 sion that American slavery derives its
 vitality from the cotton trade? We
 now approach a more home-coming
 division of the subject, and to this we
 invite the serious attention of the
 reader.
 England is the principal Customer for Ameri
 can Slave Cotton therefore England is
 the direct upholder of the icurst despotism
 under the sun
 A very few figures will be sufficient
 to prove the fact, and we trust the
 reader will admit the conclusion based
 upon it, as fairly borne out by the pre
 vious argument. We have been kindly
 furnished with the following tables
 by an eminent cotton-broker in Liver
 pool
 Crop of Cotton in the United States for
 1814, 2,030,409 bales.
 1815, 2,394,503
 1846, 2,100,537 4 4
 1847, 1,778,051 44
 Average crop for
 four years, 2,07G,025
 Consumption of U. S. Cotton in Great
 Britain in
 1814, 1,113,778 bales.
 1845, 1,275,293
 1846, 1,263,110
 1847, 818,711 44
 Average consumption in Great Brit
 ain for 4 years, 1,117,723 bales.
 These figures, then, bring out the
 fact, that we, in this country, consume
 or manufacture more than half the
 whole cotton crop of the United States;
 in other words, that we are better con
 sumers to the slaveholders than the
 Americans themselves, and all the oth
 er nations of the world put together.—
 It is said that the fast-sailing Brazilian
 steamers, now employed in the atro
 cious slave trade, are accustomed to
 dip their colors to the British cruisers,
 as they leave them in the wake. And
 surely this ironical salute is well de
 served; for while we maintain a squad
 ron on the coast of Africa to intercept
 their supply of slaves, the Brazilians
 know well that when once those slaves
 are landed, we shall be good customers
 for the produce of their labor. And in
 like manner may the American slave
 holder laugh in his sleeve at all our
 thundering denunciations of slavery,so
 long as we give him a premium for its
 maintenance —so long as he can rely
 upon us as the principal purchasers of
 his blood-stained boles!
 American Slavery may be overt hr me* by a
 Revolution of the Spindki. A Charter for
 the Xegro may be mould by a Rtf arm i*
 the Cottoet Trade.
 If it be true, as we have endeavored
 to show, that American slavery derives
 its life-blood from the cotton trade, it
 follows thal if no one would buy slave
 cotton, the system would fall to the
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JUNE 23, im
ground b j its own weight. We ere
 not so sanguine, however, as to hope
 for such a soJation of the question, as
 it would be to suppose a more gen
 eral diffusion of mural principle than
 this, or perhaps any other community,
 can boast. But if the complete annihi
 lation of slavery would be the result ot
 a total rejection of its produce, it is fair
 to conclude that the system would be
 weakened in the same proportion as its
 produce was disused. We may not
 succeed in starving the monster to
 death, but we may reduce his strength,
 and render him less formidable.
 If, by the strenuous efforts of Brit
 ish and American philanthropists,
 such an impression could be produced
 upon the cotton market as to depreci
 ate the money value of slaves, we may
 be sure that the planters would have all
 the less difficulty in reconciling them
 selves to the idea of emancipation.—
 With the assistance of the free-grown
 cotton of British India, there is good
 ground to believe that such a result
 may be accomplished. The cheapness
 of the latter,combined with its gradually
 improving quality, must shortly enable
 it to displace a considerable amount ot
 the slave-grown article, and the benefit
 to our eastern fellow-subjects will be
 scarcel j less than that conferred upon
 the slaves. The British West Indies,
 also, produce a considerable quantity
 of free-labor cotton, of excellent quali
 ty. It is very desirable however, that
 our trade should not he entirely with
 drawn from the Americans. Recent
 inquiries have disclosed the fact, that
 there exists'a set of small cotton planters
 scattered up and down the southern
 states, who raise their crops entirely by
 free labor, in the very face of the slave
 system. It is of the highest import
 ance to strerifithen the hands of these
 honest and humane cultivators. The
 Philadelphia Free Produce Associa
 tion” is now sending its agents amongst
 them each season, and it is understood
 that many thousand bales of their cot
 ton may be secured annually for the
 British market, where we feel confident
 it would meet with a ready sale. By
 preferring the produce of lree labo
 we shall encourage these honest plant
 ers, who manifest their respect lor the
 rights of industry, and we shall enable
 them the better to compete with their
 unscrupulous opponents. We shall
 also demonstrate to the slaveholders
 that there is a principle at work in Eng
 land, w hich knows how to discriminate
 between honorable enterprise and the
 most grinding of all oppressions, and i
 which classes the products of stolen
 iao^: in the same category with stolen
 goods,
 The destructive character of planta
 tion work at the South will hardly be
 credited in this country; but according
 to the evidence of respectable witness- 1
 es, the whole negro population on some
 estates is swept otf, used up,” as the l
 term is, in six, seven, or eight years!
 I
 No Commercial Union icilh Skn choUhrs j
 It is surely high time that a strike
 was made against this monster oppres-;
 sion. All we ask for its overthrow, is
 a bloodless revolution—a revolution of
 the spindles—a reform in the Cotton
 Trade! Abolitionists in America, who!
 are in the presence of the enemy, have,
 various inodes for conducting the war
 fare. Their religious bodies have
 raised the cry, “No religious union
 with slaveholders!” Their public men
 are refusing political union—but to us
 at this distance, the most, vulnerable
 point about the slaveholder is his pock
 et; our watchw-ord ought to be, No
 commercial union with slaveholders!”
 Depend upon it, this would soon begin
 to tell.
 Let us picture to ourselves the effect i
 of a large order for cotton on a plants-!
 tion in Georgia. Suppose the hard-,
 hearted planter saying to the overseer,
 “Here is an order for Liverpool, tor
 another thousand bales. Be sure you
 have it ready in time. A few more men
 must be dragged away from their
 wives, and children from their parents.
 You must keep the gang going briskly,
 drive the inen a little harder, and flog
 the women till they faint. You must
 take two hours otf their night’s rest,
 and use up a few of the old negroes, if
 necessary, for the order must be com-
 pleted with the least possible delay.”
 VVe do not say that this is the literal
 working of every additional order for
 slave-cotton, but beyond ail doubt it is
 the virtual effect of an extra demand.
 Who, then, would be a party to such
 wickedness? Who would not rather
 patronize the honest cultivator, who
 employs none but free laborers? An,
 order to the free plantation brings more
 wages; to the slave plantation, more,
 work! To the former it means bless-
 ings; to the latter, blows! The slaves
 themselves must be aware of this, for it
 is said they arc sometimes overheard
 praying that cotton may be low.
 But it will be asked, How are the
 people of Great Britain to obtain arti
 cles made from free-labor cotton? The t
 course is clear —ask for them. Al
 ready are these untainted tabrics to be
 found in the most respectable shops of
 several of our large towns. Ask for
 them alwavs *or *t»ern every
 where, and" we shall be much mistaken
 if they do not make their appearance.
 But to be sure they are genuine, buy
 them of tradesmen on whom you can
 relv. Ask to seethe certificate which j
 generally accompanies these goods, or
 look for the free-labor stamp which
 marks their origin. Remember the
 manufacturers will not make them, nor,
 will the shopkeepers keep them, unless,
 there be a demand. We would remind
 the working population that for this
 movement to be effectual, it must be
 promoted by the masses Surely a
 half-penny a yard, or a little coarse
 ness of feature for a tune, ought not to
be considered in esse of life and,
 death! Aad may none of ua lose sight 1
 of the fact, for it may serve to animate j
 and cheer us on in the struggle, that so
 long as the British public patronize
 slave cottou —so long as our manufac
 turers give it the preference —the spin
 ning jennies of Manchester, with their
 everlasting twirl, are twisting and
 drawing closer the bonds of the negro;
 and that so soon as the manufacturers
 are induced to substitute free grown
 cotton for the blood-stained fibre, will
 every revolution of their machines be
 twisting and strengthening that cord,
 which is destined to bind the monster of
 slavery; and which, with God’s bless
 ing, at no distant time, if the friends of
 freedom would unite in the effort, might
 be found even strong enough to drag
 the tvrant from bis throne.
 H. B.
 PROGRESS OP JUSTICE AND
 EQUALITY.
 Rochester, (N.Y.,) Jan. 1848.
 Esteemed Friend Garrison;
 Mr. Douglass and myself accepted
 an invitation to the Printer’s anniver
 sary celebration of Franklin's birth
 day; and accordingly at the appointed
 hour we wended our w r ny to the Irving
 House, accompanied by Mr. John Dick
 and another friend, The company had
 assembled, and were marching into the
 hall to the inspiring music of Adams’s
 Bugle Bund. We arrived just in time
 to unite with the procession. I had
 received a slight intimation that some
 j objection had been manifested by a
 few, to the participation of Mr. Doug
 lass and myself. This, however, gave
 me but little uneasiness, believing that 1
 come what w*ould, the result would!
 prove no detriment to the cause of free
 dom.
 Mr. Douglass had no cause to ap
 prehend opposition, until we had de-i
 livered our tickets at the dining-room
 door; when the host laid an embargo
 on our further ingress, declaring that
 we could not be admitted. It was in
 vain that we asserted our claim to
 equal treatment with others. We were
 called intruders, and told, that “it was
 a violation of the rules of society for
 colored people to associate with whites,’,
 and were threatened ejectment by the
 police. By this time, our presence at
 the door, the lookers-on in the entry,
 and the passing of words between par-;
 tics, had attracted the attention of the;
 company just seated. We retired to a
 drawing-room, where the pro-slavery
 point was contended for by the host,
 who declared that several gentlemen
 had expressed a determination not to
 allow us a seat with them. We were
 about entering the hall to test the
 question in propria persona, intending
 that cecision to supersede what the
 host had proffered us. Several of the
 company had now gathered, some of
 whom expressed regret at our treat
 ment. James Vick, Jr., chairman of
 the committee of arrangements, briefly j
 advocated our rights. Alexander
 Mann, Esq., editor of the Rochester
 American, (one of the Vice-Presidents)!
 nobly came to the rescue, his remarks
 being loudly applauded; and when the
 question was called for by the chair
 man, almost the entire company an
 swered Jhje. The negative was repre
 sented by some six or eight, who must
 indeed have felt rebuked by this over
 whelming vote. The host, who but a
 few moments before, manifested such
 a hostile and bitter spirit toward us, i
 now communicated the intelligence,;
 that there was a clean vote in our
 favor. You may be sure, that after
 having been the victims of so much;
 controversy, on entering the hall, we
 were “the observed of all observers.”
 It was a painful, as well as triumphant
 hour for Mr. Douglass and myself for
 reasons which abolitionists hardly know
 how to appreciate. None but. the col
 ored man, the immediate recipient of
 American pro-slavery hate, can fully
 testify to the emotions excited by such
 a development. I care not to dwell
 upon it. Let me here state, however,
 that on being seated, the host offered
 a string of apologies for his conduct.
 Comment is unnecessary. After due
 attention to the work spread before
 them, preparations were made for the
 feast of reason and the flow of soul.”;
 Wit and sentiment, music and poetry,
 each Lnt a charm to enliven the scene, j
 During the volunteer remarks, Mr.
 Douglass was called for, and briefly
 proposed bis sentiment. Shortly after,
 Alexander Mann, Esq., announced to
 the company that he had a sentiment
 to offer, which he hoped and believed
 would be responded to by every gen
 tleman present; “for,” said he, “on
 occasions of this kind, we should
 cheerfully lay aside all personal or
 political prejudices.” After speaking
 in this vein for a short time, in a
 handsome and liberal manner, the best
 calculated to aally any unpleasant feel-,
 iug, and preparing the minds of all, he
 tendered the following resolution—
 Fsedcsick Docglam—W« recneniae in tXe
 pruana td cukiratMi of this orator aad phifcanUtro*
 (Mat, gouti augur; ot tbc eietation cf iua race.
 Mr. Douglass, on rising was warmly,
 greeted. He confessed himself much
 embarrassed hv the coincident circum
 stances of his present position but
 would not conceal his gratitude, elicited
 by the sentiment just offered, and so
 heartily responded to by the company.
 He alluded to the treatment received
 by him while in England, where Men/,
 not color, was the passport to the
 highest circles; but that his feelings of
 present satisfaction were of another.
 character from any previously enjoyed. J
 He adverted to his connexion with the
 Press in Rochester, lo the uniformly
 kind notice extended to him by the
 gentlemen connected therewith, as’
 also from the citizens generally, con- 1
 trusting it with the abusive and pro-
i Slavery expression ot- lUe &amp;ew ork
 l Sunday Dispatch, New Y«)k Express,
 Bennett’s Herald, and the Democratic
 Review, fee., to which he was proud
 to acknowledge this evening’* tributt
 was an offset. Its recollection would
 be sufficient to alleviate the bitterness
 r of much past experience, and fortify
 1 him with strength for the future. He
 wished to add, that whatever he had
 i said or done, in ielation to slavery, he
 i conscientiously felt it demanded by
 I love to his country, and his oppressed
 and outraged brethren at the South
 and the North. His speech was re*
 f ceived with evident attention, and with
 -,loud demonstrations of applause.
 f Philemon Canfield, Esq., who pre
 t sided, testified his hearty satisfaction
 j with the liberal spirit of the company,
 in rebuking by their vote the wicked
 prejudice against color. Mr. C. is an
 old Hartford publisher, who, though
 advanced in years, is still devoted to
 his profession in Rochester. The anti
 slavery war, waged for the last eighteen
 years, has indeed been prolific in these
 exhibitions, and as remarkable for a
 1 succession of victories, always the
 reward of the faithful and persevering.
 To compare the present with the past,
 —those dark hours when your buele
 blast was first sounded among the lulls
 and valleys of New England—we can
 never believe the evidence daily pre
 sented of the onward progress of those
 mighty principles then proclaimed to
 the American nation. '1 he treatment
 of the colored man in this country, is
 a legitimate illustration of "hating
 those whom we have injured,” ano
 brings to my recollection that chapter
 in Waverly where Fergus Mac Ivar
 replies to his friend, when being led to
 execution—‘‘You see the compliment
 they pay to our Highland strength and
 couiage. Here we have lain until our
 limbs cramped into palsy, and now
 j they send six soldiers with loaded mus
 kets, to prevent our taking the castle
 by storm.” The analogy is found in
 the omnipotent and omnipresent influ
 ence of American pro-slavery, in
 crushing every noble and praiseworthy
 aspiration of the persecuted colored
 man. As in nature, the smiles ot
 summer are made sweeter by the
 i frowns of winter, the calm of ocean is
 made more placid by the tempest that
 has preceded it; so in this moral battle
 these incidental skirmishes will contri
 i bute to render the hour of victory
 indeed a blissful realization,
 j So sure as night precedes day—war
 ends in peace, and winter w akes spring,
 just so sure will the persevering efforts
 of Freedom’s army be crowned with
 victory’s perennial laurels.
 Yours, to the end of the struggle,
 WILLIAM C. NELL.
 ITT The abeve letter, which appeared ii.
 the Liberator shortly after the occurrence t»
 which it refers, is useful as giving an illus
 tration of the prevailing colorphobia, and oi
 the awakening to right reason of at least tin
 more intelligent portion of the community.
 For reasons which do not now exist, its pub
 lication in the North Star has been deferred.
 It will be interesting to our readers.—j. d.
 EDUCATION OF THE PEOPEE.
 The Common Schools, are the most
 important institutions in New England.
 If there had been none such for two
 hundred years past, the mass of men
 would have been unable to read, and
 write, and calculate; those attainments
 would have been the monopoly of a few
 men of superior wealth or supcrioi
 natural ability. As the natural conse
 quence, Agriculture would have been
 in a poor state, Commerce in a poor
 state, Manufactures a hundred years
 behind their present condition. There
 would not be the signs of life, activity,
 thrill, of continual progress, visible ail
 over the New England States. The
 crowds which in Boston now attend the
 lectures of the Lowell Institute, and
 other means of instructive and refined i
 amusements, would seek enter-'
 tainment in a Bull-fight, or a Bear-bait
 ing; perhaps in a Man-fight of bruisers
 in a ring, or a Soldier-baiting on the
 Common. Public lectures would be as!
 rare in Boston, as in Montreal Hali
 fax, or even New’ Orleans and Naples.
 The government would not he a De-'
 inocracy, getting more and more demo
 cratic, but a Despotism in the form of j
 a Monarchy or Aristocracy; a govern
 ment over all, by a few, and against
 the interest of the many. The Few'
 and the Strong would own the bodies
 of the Weak and the ‘Many in New
 England as well as in South Corolina
 and Morocco. There would not be a
 hundred churches in Boston, tilled by j
 intelligent men of more than a hundred
 dtfereut ways of thinking on religious
 subjects—each claiming freedom of con-j
 science; but three or four magnificent
 and costly temples, in which the igno-.
 rant and squalid people, agape for mir
 acles, ridden by their rulers, and worse
 ridden by their priests, met to adore
 some relic of a Saint—the pocket-hand
 kerchief of the Mother of (iod, and the
 nail from the cross, or from the horse
 the Queen of Sheba did not ride; a
 hair from St. Joseph’s beard, or per
 haps the seamless coat of Christ. The
 city would swarm with monks dedica
 ted to ignorance and filthiness, and re
 ligiously fulfilling at least that part of
 their row. There would be slaves in
 New England, not black slaves alone,
 but white; Freedom would be in few
 hands. Land in few hands} Education
 in few hands; Power in few bauds;
 Comfort and Virtue in few hands.—
 New England might then be the Heav
 en of the Rich and Noble, the Purgat«»-
 ry of the Wise and the fiood, but the
 Hell of the Poor and the Weak.
 If there had never been any public
 school for girls in New England, then
 the majority of the women would have
WIUJAM C. KELL, PvblubcK
 JOHN DICK,
WHOLE N 0.—20.
had the monopoly of ignorance. Tl* v
 would be the slaves of the men, n
 their companion*. The hardest a:
 most revolting work, in the streets, th
 rows and the drams, would be per
 formed by the hands of sister,. W i vr;;
 and mothers. Woman would be the
 victim of Lust, of Intemperance, of
 every crime—trod into the dust u
 poisoning stiU the oppressive foot
 •Vats. Qtutr. Rerirtr.
 CHARLESTON, 8. f.
 The X. Y. Tribute of a recent d ue
 contains quite an interesting hWtr,
 dated C harleston, South Carolina
 Ihe subjoined arc extracts from this
 letter:
 “A few’ days since I rend in the Tri
 bune a letter from China, that cr|.
 tiai empire whose history goes back t&lt;'
 the third century, before the creation t
 the world. Ihe profound nationality o
 the Chinese is often laughed at, but a
 is as harmless as it is amusing, and a
 is by no means unique, as every visit
 of this “Middle Kingdom” of our own
 continent has learned. The same ego
 tistical and exclusive spirit has ft
 course and full dominion here in Sot
 C arolina, where the people of cti,&gt; r
 j States are complacently regarded a
 j “°utside barbarians,”and it is wondrr
 cd that Kal-huing and his mandates
 are not obeyed by all mankind.
 Charleston is much like the poorer
 class of towns in Southern Europe. It
 j looks as if had been finished in the’sev
 enteenth century, and not revisited i v
 a carpenter, painter, or pavicr, un*'l
 last week. The bricks used here am
 sma H black, so that the newest
 houses have a venerable air, and the
 town would resemlle a respectable oh
 village, but for a ridiculous habit c
 plastering exteriors with some sort n:
 composition which the climate render
 shabby in a single year.
 1 lie city is built upon a level,
 sandy plain; and as the pavements ex
 tend back only to its centre, all sorts o:
 biped and quadruped cattle have f,
 wade in the Sahara fashion if thex
 visit the suburbs, or even some of the
 most fashionable avenues. Still, inf!
 delightful temperature of to-day, with
 the rich f-diage of the trees in gre&lt;,
 luxuriance and the perfume of a thou 4
 and beds of Hours burdening the uir the
 Palmetto Capital is exceedingly pleas
 ant.
 “Charleston society is Johnson ion
 It you have been reading Boswell or
 Miss Burney, and would g| a:iC c into
 the age ot which they have given n*
 such entertaining and Dnguerria'i
 views, conic to Charleston, and if yo
 are here on a Wednesday even irx
 persuade some'one to fake yon to tip!
 club. may hear Plato U«
 mer and EuripCdes, Cicero, Virgil ai d
 Juvenal, quoted in the originals, whh
 equal facility and felicity, ar d conver
 sations that in eloquence, variety and
 beauty, in power, compass and tone
 would realize your ideas of discussm, s
 in the groves of the academy. Cot
 versotion in no other city of this coun
 try is cultivated with so much attention
 and success. I have been a freqm i t
 guest of the famous Wist nr parties rn
 Philadelphia, and have attended various
 conversazioni* in New York and B
 ton, hut have never observed in any
 society more intelligence and an e
 mty than in the Charleston Club—
 Ihe libraries here, public and private
 though, like everything else, for the
 chmt part, somewhat antiquated on
 good.
 The Je*s have the most beautiful
 place ot Worship in the city, hut Mr
 Poznansky, their minister, is rich, and
 anxious to resign his office. JJ w ill
 he succeeded by a gentleman who is
 expected from England. Poz.nansk
 and his congregation are Hebrew Ra
 tionalists, and there is another gocii t,
 of old school or orthodox Jew* wl.
 have recently erected a synagogue in
 YV entworth street. Of the present
 state of religion in Charleston, 1 am n t
 prepared to advise yon; but there an
 few cities in fhis country of which tin
 inhabitants are more generally pioi
 and exemplary.
 The inteJJigehfce and untiring labor*,
 of Mr. Gregg, a merchant hete, bun
 awakened an unprecedented interest 11
 the subject of manufacturing, and I
 visited this morning a very large and
 admirably appointed Cotton Factory,
 which will be completed and in full
 operation OCxf fnonth, upon Charles
 ton Neck, some three miles frem the
 City Hall.
 There this State a large indi
 gent white population, shut out from
 agricultural labor by slave competition.
 Por fins class the factories open a field
 which they will hast*, to J_
 Slave labor is entirely excluded,'and
 spinning and wearing become the btiri
 nessof a caste, hitherto unknown in the
 South, of respectable operatives.
 “Among the most important improve
 ment in the city, is the introduction t
 gas, just accomplish* d by an enter
 prising company, whose works I visit
 ed yesterday. The success of the ex
 periment was at first doubted, hut is
 now certain.’ 1
 The Pitrr the \V*hu» hates
 It is not true that the world hates piety.
 Ihe modest and unobtrusive pi»*ty
 which fills (he heart with ail human
 chanties, and makes a man gentle to
 others, hot severe to himself, is an ob
 ject of universal lore and veneration.
 But mankind J»ate the lust of power,
 when it is veiled under the garb of
 piety they bate canting and hypocrisy
 they hate advertisers and quacks in
 piety; they do not th**&gt;ae to be insult
 ed; they love to tear folly and impu
 dence fr&lt; in the altar, which should
 only be a sanctuary ft* ibc wretch*4
 aud the good. —StJtttf Smith.
"
