"Notices.
 Annual Meflias.
 The 6th Animal Moling of the Western
 Ami-Slvvcsy Society will be held at Sa
 lem. Gohimhitma Go., on Wednesday. Thurs
 day, anl Friday, the lCtb, IT tit, and IStb o&lt;
 August, onrun rticmg at 10 o'clock, A. M.
 I*t-i full representation of the skives*
 fri-nd* entt™ up on this ocraimwi frnm all
 parts of th Great Wrst Ttir pnfrtwul lead
 cm nrf mandiuHmg th«nr hosts Oit a conflict,
 their follower* arc ratlymg hr hundreds ot
 thous i. ~1*» to tlic tap port of lhc:r party ban
 ner*. I’:me. and money, and labor ate ex
 pc dto core their object. And shall the
 J.e nds of freedom, whose faith tdiuuM b
 Mi u.o u» the power of Truth, bo lukewarm
 ami ui.hil -rctol while politician!* are so ear
 tn s»t io th’ir labors, so untiring in thetr zeal
 I h? events of tha past year should encourage
 us to renew ed cTe-a, far every movement of
 unjiortanee which has been made, having anv
 bearing ujmki the question of slavery, fire
 shadow me desTuction of tint system, aryl
 tin oppressors fel that it is so. The political
 p.rties will make a desperate effort to sate
 themselves from th- destruction their corrup
 tun tns brought upon them: and the effort*
 of th? abolaiodists to maintain .and enforce
 the Right should I*- proportion ably great.
 Ana igeincute should bd made at the coming
 me ting to eo ltinuc the anti-slavery agitation
 by tho lips of the living speaker, and to ex
 tend more uuljly the circulation of the So
 ciety's paper—the Anti-Slavery IJngle. la*i
 none of the friends who can he fli re, absent
 themselves for anv light cause, for the pre
 s *nec of a!!, an ihecou A l of all is desira
 ble.
 lie id s the friend* of Liberty in the West
 who will be pn hi lit on the occasion, Henry
 (WiiioiiT and iias. C. lit ri.kk.ij are ox
 peeted in be in attendance, and perhaps other
 representatives of the East.
 LOT HOLMES,
 Rr. ording So ‘y.
 meetings in the West.
 Ilenry C. Wright, the Apootle of Pence,
 and harbs Burl-igli. the eloquent Anti
 slavery A ivneate, will hold mealing* at the
 following places, viz, at
 Pittsburgh, Pa. June loth. 16th 17th
 New Brighton, |!&gt;lh 20th
 JamisviHe Ohio 221
 Youngstown, 2)th A 2,&gt;th
 New Lyme 2Tih
 20th
 Chagrin Falls, July Ist A 2.1
 levela id, dth
 Tw insborgh, 6;h
 Richfield/ Bth A oth
 Akron, lltli
 Ravenna, l.ftli A 1 tth
 Randolph, k loth Sc IGth
 Massillon, 18lh
 'Hie meetings at New Lyme, Cleveland,
 and A.knm, will coui.nauee at ten o'clock, A.
 the others, cm the first day of tho meet
 i !gs al two o'clock, P. M. subsequent days
 at 10 A. M.

 Tl»e friends of Imi-Shverv and c.f Peace
 arc requested to make al! necessary arrange
 ments for the mi clings, and give as wide a
 notice as possible. Now is the time to
 aggate.
 Persons can avail themselves of this op-j
 portonitv adbrdpd hv these me .'tings to pay
 fir the Anii-bi ivory Standard, to Sam'-EL
 lillOOli K.
 From tiie Tribune.
 Remarks of Hon. Chris. Allen of Dints.'
 on tLe .Nomination oTlien. Taylor.
 New York June I*&gt;, 1848. i
 .V. .ors. Cr r by ij* M&lt; Klrath: —ln your
 paper ol tins day, vour Reporter of tlie
 proc t'Jir.g*. of the Whig Convention rej
 resents me as having taken the floor several
 times on the last day of the session of that
 ho.lv. moving the suspension of the Rules,
 and being much excited. From the distant
 and very inconvenient position of the Report
 ers, I can readily account for the mistake yet.
 as an aet of justice, I must respectfully ask
 you to correct the error. had the floor Ivt
 onre —then 1 calmly and briefly stated rev
 objections to the nomination. That I might
 say exactly what 1 meant to say, and that any
 misrepresentation might he readily corrected,'
 I put oh paper, at the Reporters' table, alter
 had voted for the last time for the Presiden
 tial candidate, the views I was about to pres
 ent. I read from that paper, a copy of which
 I send herewith and request you to publish it
 (with this not a* a correct report of what 1
 said. It w.;s ail I said, except a few words
 thrown i s to enable me to get the ear of the
 Convention. Immediately afterward 1 Jell the
 Hall, and did not return to it. If any such
 scene as vo; r Reporter represents, wasevl.ibg
 iteo, ill which I am wholly ignorant, the actor
 must have been some other than jour obedi
 ent servant.
 CHARLES ALLEN.
 Mr. Par.stnrxr:—The discipline of the
 South has again prevailed. The small minor
 ity ot tb" cit z-os ol the moil who have
 rontr. !h'd the General Government, except
 at brief intervals, from its foundation, now
 demands the i»o&gt;sesion of Executive power and
 patronage for another term four years.
 The rights of the free Slates, to which
 evert our opponents pay some respect, an'
 trample! upon in th- Whig National Cunven
 lion, by every Southern foot.—Of the many
 distinguished Statesmen from the f ree
 not of Southern origin, who have upheld the
 Wing l a use in success and in disaster, not
 one li is iKxui found worthy to receive a single
 vote Sum:, of M.:s.*n and Dixon's Line. Ji
 is. th'Tvf r evident that the terms of union
 Ivtvvem: t!i■ "A of th- North and of the
 South are the p Tpetnal surrender by the
 form of tb high oiii’i s and powers of the
 Governor..: t th ur Southern cir.fi r..*‘
 1o tb is-* t rms 1 imk, Sir! the Free States
 will no bn s r /.mil. And I dech.to this
 i bmv mt’o i my h lief that lire IN hig party of
 the country i- h»r.* and this day dissolved.
 Wc have miucried to preserve it so lone as
 i ci hi Id in deny widi tumor.—Yet, under ihe
 good Piovid.mc! ct God, it mav result well
 for the count -v. and for the strengthening
 rmsc ot Hu nullity throughout in-.- world,
 t it tin; uuuuiis should separate. '4 he
 ;i( pli oe.-'-s, b. t!i- of whic.b u ia suppos
 I that a* Z *;i :.t to.sub -t of th M .t &gt;l
 ihe fr S*w.'l b* retained to preserve to
 the So Kb ,s i ascend-ncy. w j| (Mr
 wont d effi- ic V You haw put on- ounce
 l.M.'itiuch upon th string back i f Nortli»tn
 endurance, loti have even pm*unir-d
 tie Slate wI t b led on tb first K**.o!..:soii
 for lib TtV whitlow l t 111 C tie* Jof rr t
 miserable boon of tb Vici -i’.&lt; ir&gt;
 M.VSfVOV SI TTS WILT. SPfUN Tllf SU2C.
 f.’crrit Smith’s Grunts.
 T 1 Y. Tiibutje says that G.orge Ii
 Wfvn, who !as ju!»t returned from the
 t&gt; tth-meut tiiid hv ftcv-ral colured families
 *ei l.uids itencrousfv given them hr Gcrnt
 Sbu tii, inform* us that Writ. A Smith, one
 of th iU is. has already erected a spacious
 dwelling on I_am i-ak 1 iu lowioJiip No. 2.
 Ft-wkho eouniy. on the hmuu turnpike from
 I&gt;:u&lt; Cii-iin, lain to The site
 i“ a b T.iifJ, on.;, n..d .v.;r.J of the granted
 locit’-i n .r .t ia v .ri-eis dir-ciiorie, and
 ftM’lc a- n may v-m rfjt e’ed the rr-on hv
 thee, '.b.iK’d i&gt;v rtior sof the prHUt 'C*:,'ifjHiVg
 ivh &gt;i:i .iu i-n r" i 4 .ijl-
THE NORTH, STAR.
RCH HEM KR, JljSfc *3. Ib4?~
Tfce Liberty PaHr.
 attentat U*»t u trfk iu a brand
 nf this organixatton, assembled there to norm
 nate candidate* fur the presidency and %ict
 presidency of our Republic. It waft the fita
 i convention of the kind which wc ever attend
 ed and fur this and other reasons, we now
 to pi to our readers some account o
 .t* proceedings apd out own impress ooa con
 renting 'hetn. We call this a branch of thf
 Liberty Patty, mu with a v.cw to pew* ant
 opinion at this time as to it* claim of bcuig th&lt;
 Liberty Party profier, bat only that we mat
 he the filter understood. The Onrcntior
 was large, but not so numerously attended a*
 we expected. Its proceedings were spirited!
 and in* -resting throughout. The speakers
 were ail *trone men. The chief among then:
 were G-rrit Smith, Beitah Green, Henry
 Highland Gcruet, Ceotge Hradhurn, E.
 Wright Jr., and Charles O. Sheppard.—
 The*' though united ai the main, were fat
 from h, ing so in the details. At the com
 m nec-ment Gerrit Smith read a series cl
 well drawn icsolutions, and two aide address
 es, «mc to the free colored people of the I r»i
 t«*d States and another to the members c;f the
 Liberty Party, occupying in the reading a
 space of more than two honrs. Any ordina
 ry reader would have wearied the patience at
 the audit m e and probably cleared tlio tent;
 but the addresses h ring from the pen of Mr.
 Smith, it appeared more like listening to an
 extemporaneous speech than a carefully writ
 ten address. The resolutions were of a strong
 and radical character, commencing by a com
 parison of the proceedings of ihe National
 Liberty Party Convention, which nominated
 Jam-s G. Birnev fur th? presidency with that
 held last fall, anti w hich nominated John P.
 Hale for that office, and denounced the 'alter,
 ns a spurious convention and holding none of
 the principles in common with the Liberty par
 ty. Th -y affirm -d that th nomination of Mr-
 Hale was ihe result of a settled determina
 tion on tlr* part of certain influential members
 who had been secretly manoeuvering for some
 time to disband the liberty Party. The
 course in Ohio on the part of Stanley Matth
 ews. Salmon P. Chase., a-.d others, in frater
 nizing with a mere VVilmot Proviso movement
 ■was declared to be a measure to break down
 ar.r! ruin the Liberty Party.
 The right of the plundered bondman to es
 cape from his chains, and the duty of all men
 to help luni escape, was boldly asserted. The
 unsuccessful attempt of Drayton, Sayres, and
 English, to deliver the spoiled out of the,
 hands of the spoiler, was strongly commend
 ed, and (i. Bliley of the National Era, for his
 treatment olTll3.se noble men and his general
 course since connected with that paper, was;
 proclaimed an apostate and traitor to all the
 great principles of the Lilieity Party 7 A re
 solution was ah-o adopted almost in the same
 words and expressing ihe same sentiments as
 h:U adopted by the American Anti Slavery
 Society, at its recent anniversary at New
 York, affirming that slaveholders as sueh can
 have no riglitr., that they were never created
 by God, and that they are of monstrous and
 diabolical origin, w vs read ami adopted bv
 this convention. The adJres3 to the free col
 ored people of the United States, was a most
 m tore .-ting and truthful paper, which gave us
 credit for our merits, hot also ptnnted out our
 tshoi (comings as a people, rebuked our indif
 ference to the Anti-Slavery cause, pronounced
 us obstacles to th cause of Emancipation and
 our own elevation. Our voting for slavehold
 ers, fellowship of pro-slavery churches, our
 fondness of show 7 and secret societies, and
 crowding together in large cities, adhering to i
 ui mini em; loymcat instead of learning useful
 1 1ados, was all deplored as serving to keep
 the slave it. his chains and prolong our own
 degradation. \V e were counselled m the ad
 dress not to he satisfied with being as good
 as white people, for our eireuinstances requir
 ed us to be better than they. We hope soon
 to b" able to lay the whole address before our
 readers, whom we are sure will concur w ith
 m in esteeming it an admirable document.
 The address to the members of the Liberty
 Party, was a successful exposure of the apos
 lacy of the Liberty Party in nominating John
 P. Hale for the presidency, and the general
 lecline of Anti-Slavery fidelity in the party
 East and West. It urged its own claim to
 lie regarded as ihe true Liberty Party plat
 form, classing th* Hale men as deserters,
 with mere Wilmot Proviso men —arid in no
 sense to bo called Anti-Slavery men. The
 idJret'i s also set forth the views or supposed
 views oftlie donvtntion on various political
 ipiestiuns, Free-trade,” Tariffs,” Land
 Monopoly,’* “Inalienable Homesteads,
 1 Freedom of the public lands to actual set
 tlors," Woman's political rights,”—lter
 rigM t'i vote was asserted, The ten hour
 system oflabor,” was favored, ’[’he effort to
 organist la'-or m France, was complacently
 iliud -J to, and the Ant&gt;s!avory character of
 the Constitution of the United States was af
 lirnied—and the r.glit and duty of the general
 aovernuu-nt t abolish slavery throughout the
 United Stiles, wNs declared uud. r the Con
 stitution. Such are but the heads of the ad
 i: ,it was read by Mr. Smith with great
 &gt;k:Sl, and made a deep impression on the au
 lienee. Wh &gt;n lr cat down the pajiets were
 vll laid b-f&gt;&gt;re the convention for discussion;
 .mmediutaly there arose, for what reason we
 :ou!d not well dr.he, a general call for it* t&lt;&gt;
 ipeak, with w l.i h wo did not th°n con,; ly.
 Mr. Miadhun w is then loudly cailel for and
 responded to ih&lt; cal’ in a speech altogether
 peculiar to hiinsr-lt, causing any ani mat uf
 nenrni nt by ins droll savings—happy hit*.,
 ind extravagant illustrations. He was for
 die address, every point of it. The main
 point of his -speech, was to fortify the addrest
 in n-feren'e to its assn,option that the Co
 stitutio.i i&amp; an Ann shivery instrum nt. At
 I.*.*; cloea i*t th a spe eh, wo were attain call-
 E-d upon l*&lt;r a Sjioech, but nut responding to
 th call, Mr. Garnet was loudly called u|6n,
 i’id ca i.e forward a.id made 3 few very excel
 lent rnu irks on the addriss to the free color
 ed people, but did net co.tcLde h:* r marks
 ithout an unhandsome allusion to Wendell
 Phillips, as allbrding argument to Favehold
 irs. Again we vrcrccalled uj«»o, and though
 mffenrg from a rather snero attack if tonsil
 nf.aoi abort, we Mid a few words Sy w hv ol
 ictfir.g oua.df ::f*d f iends ngl4 I uf. 1 the
 sonvcotuisi on tI»S su’ ct of ’he Coa*| rotim
 ii] Mi-i 1. Wo vi tc rej'i-d tu by Mr.
Bradtoirn, Garnet. Wright, and B* mh tie*n
 JfU* Utter gewilecido, made only a fim re-
 Mark* and ine CaafaSUnn adjourned, fan I&gt;av
 the door tor the meeting the next mowing.
 The points relied og by oar opponent on
 tfci* subject, were the objects of the Coiaiitu
 l tiou, a# set f*Mhh of tb* Con
 stitute *n —the absence of the trortf slave in
 the Constitution—the use of the word person
 t* instead of dat&lt; in that instrument—the un
 poaibiiuy of making out a case of a slave's
 owing service ot labor to the slaveholder, and
 the assumption that all doubt or ambiguity
 ajuui the true av aning; of any kgal tnsiru*
 ment, is to he taken advantageof in form of
 justice and liumanitjr. Theao points were
 argued with tnarh farce and eloquence by
 the revetal speakers, all of whom appeared to
 be quite satisfied with the correctness of their
 views.
 In answer to these points, wc said and say
 now, with as deep a convictioaof the sound
 ness of our views, as when we funned them,
 That the Constitution of the United Slates,
 was the guilty offspring of slaveholders —that
 the justice it aimed to establish, was a justice
 which permitted those who framed it to be the
 vilest robbers in the world, that the liberty
 which tliey meant to secure to themselves
 and posterity, was a selfish and partial liberty
 having reference to white men, and not the
 remotest regard for tac tights of the perishing
 slave, who was while the Constitution was
 being framed, driven before the bloody lash of
 the very men that framed it, without reward
 for his toil or redress for his suffering—that
 the framers of that instrument, while they
 pretended to b« democrats, had taken special
 pains to confer political power on the slave
 holders according to tire number of human
 beings they might be able to rob and plunder
 of all their rights, personal, civil, social, and
 political, to the extent of allowing them three
 votes fur every five slaves, by which they now
 have a large property’ representation in Con
 gress, that they had pledged the national
 arm for the protection of the slave-trade for
 twenty years, and as much longer as Congress
 should see fit to couqbuc the infernal traffic
 that they had conferred pow er upon the slave
 holder to recapture his slaves in any and all
 parts of this country; that they had solemn
 ly pledged the whole military and naval pow
 er of the enure nation, to suppress servile in
 surrections; and that this view of the Consti
 tution was the universal interpretation given
 to tire instrument by its framers, and those who
 adopted it, and all the legislatures and politi
 cal parties, a large wing of the Liberty Party
 included, and the overwhelming majority of
 the people from the time of its adoption until
 now.”
 The meeting on Thusrday was deeply in
 teresting. Beriah Green made one of the
 most profound and able speeches to which we
 ever listened. He commenced by defining
 slavery, and such a definition as made one’s
 hair stand on end to hear it. The most of
 liis speech was an argument in favor of what
 he called government, and the qualities which
 entitled a man to rule; hut to us it was a
 sermon filled with glorious truths, setting
 forth Christian virtues in the most clear and
 powerful manner. The speech was full two
 hour’s long, and was listened to with marked
 attention throughout. He was followed by
 Henry 11. Garnet and Gerrit Smith. Their
 speeches closed the morning session. The
 afternoon session was less interesting. The
 Convention closed by nominating Gerrit Smith
 for President, and Charles Foote, of Michigan,
 for Vice President.
 Our attendance at this Convention, while it
 has done much to remove prejudice from our
 mind respecting some of the prominent men
 engaged in it, lias also deepened our comic
 tion that the only true ground for an Ameri
 can Abolitionist is, “Xo Union with JSlave
 lIOLDEBS.”
 Lncretia 31ott.
 The meeting held in the Court House of
 this city on Sunday evening last, by this lady
 and distinguished minister of the Society of
 Friends, was altogether the most satisfactory
 i
 reformatory meeting which we have attended
 in th.is city or elsewhere foi a long time.—
 The large room was crowded to overflowing

 with an audience that listened to the speaker
 for more than two hours w ith the most intense
 interest.
 S la commenced lifr remarks by saying,
 it there be anything more inspiring lo the
 heart of the humble advocate of reform than
 another, it is that o£ being greeted by a large
 and crowded assembly of people, without re
 gard to sex, color, or condition. Such a
 scene points us, in the largungc of the poet,
 to the Good time coming.* The quick Hash
 ol right and wrong around the world, makes,
 it unnecessary for the Millerite to tell ns of
 the coming of the miilenium, that the king
 dom of heaven is now at hard. It was
 when Christ was surrounded by the common
 people, who heard him gladly, that he spoke
 with power, authority, and was most inspired,
 declaring that 1 the spirit of the Ix&gt;rd is upon
 me, because he hath anointed me to preach
 the gospel to the pour; he hath scat me to
 heal the broken-hearted, to reach deliverance
 to the captives, and recovering of sight to the
 blind to set at liberty them that are bruised.',
 It was not when surrounded by unbelievers,
 who expected the performance of miracles, 1
 that bis mightiest works w ere done, but when
 the people crowded around him, then he was
 free, and spake the truth, and the common
 people heard him gladly they always hear
 the truth gladly, they ever love the truth.—
 Thr doctrine of innate love of good I know
 conflicts with the very foundation of msny
 rt’igious creeds; not would I speak lightly or
 ii reverend* of any one’s religious belief; but
 if 1 believe, :*s 1 certainly do believe, that the
 doctrine of depravity is a great error, and das
 done much evil. I am fcor.rd to counteract it as
 far as I can. I know it is said to he in the
 scripture that man is prone to evil as sparks
 to t!y upward, ar d I hare searched for it there,
 but have never yet b;on abl’ to find it. I be
 hove nan is much more prone to do good
 than w&gt; do ev»i, and tf thtf was a meeting
 suited to such aa jovc 1 think I could
 produce a# much ptoof from scripture in sup
 port of this view, as can bo brought on the;
 other side. What a beautiful illustration of
 this truth was the bringing of a little child'
 and setting it among hi# disciples, teaching
 thsra that they must become hke it in purity.'
 as a condition of entering into the Vir.gdimof
 heaven. It was tjic pure in heart, lb* peace
 maker, whom he pronounced l#U &amp;£ed, It was
 ;tiO*e who bungcuM acd tbutic-d erici i.pLf-'
 e-ji.sncvs that tue* approved in his prerswr.
U bis da* it mcf «pm a hukfnnf* that,
 iMltxi of savaf. ai#ihf* [ilfir ma
 bars, that he lad not saiJ, Wrssed we the
 Ufa* makers. Bit tso. he nefw
 Mwdm? to thf tules of secliSini^at; hot
 first troths, wtfcb e&gt;trvreru3|4 the htppmcas
 of the whole, human familt;!* uticltd that
 which was from all eternity in contra-di*tinc
 -5 Him from sectarian formality; and it was seot
 i that crucified him, tlKMgh they were ashamed
 I to confess that it was for bis good works that
 they stoned him. It was necessary for them
 r to tual* *ut a ease of blasphemy him.
 They succeeded in eliciting from him that he
 was the of find amf on this pretended
 pretext, they crucified him. It was not, how
 ever, this that ftUed them with wrath against
 him. It was because he called them above
 th? rciigkxi of the day, and insisted upon a
 righteonsnees above that of the Scribes and
 the Pharisees. He demanded a life of prac
 tical righteousness, opptisition to all wars, all
 slavery, aTI inequality, and all oppression.—
 This was the religion taught by Jesus, of
 whom, when they hail crucified him, they
 were compelled to say, truly this was a right
 eons man a religion w hich w as so offensive
 to sectarians of old. Well, it may seem a
 great while since these truths were uttered,
 and that very slow progress has been made.
 The difficulty has been of lemoving the sec
 tarian hierarchy. This has ever hindered the
 cause of inform; and that hierarchy, in some
 form or other, exists in nearly all the sectarian
 organizations of our times.”
 Here, the lamps not being lighted, we were
 compelled to stop writing fur more than thirtv
 minutes, which the speaker occupied in a very
 able manner, defending the equality of the
 whole human family, and adverting to the
 many disadvantages woman has in all ages
 had to struggle against. She commented at
 considerable length upon the scriptural texts
 supposed to disallow woman to speak in the
 church, and showed the popular interpre
 tations given to those passages to be both un
 reasonable and unscriptural. We should have
 liked to have had a thousand doctors of divini
 ty in that audience. They would have ldush
 cd for very shame and mortification, as they
 beheld the intellectual face and heard the sil
 very voice of one whose exalted powers have
 enabled her to break the iron fetters which
 the priesthood have for ages labored to fasten
 on her sex. Mrs. Mott alluded hopefully to
 tfie abandonment of novel reading, and what
 is called the ladies’ department in the trashy
 papers and periodicals, bv the women of the
 present day, and saw in it the dawn of that
 day when woman will esteem herself some
 thing more than a mere plaything—a mere
 appendage to man. The improvement in the
 education of won an was referred to as a
 source of great encouragement. There was
 not probably a woman in the meeting that
 did nd look with a sweeter complacency on
 her womanhood, after hearing this speech
 than she had ever done before. We imagined
 that they must feel some thing as we did when
 we heard the firtt educated colored man speak
 to a w hite audior.ee.
 After dwelling at much length on this
 part iff her subject, Mrs. Mott proceeded to
 show lhat notwithstanding the spirit of mili
 tary glory that scourged the public mind, the
 car.se of pence was onward. Many of the
 early advocates of peace had reserved the
 light to appeal to the sword in some cases,
 and zoir.c may do so now but a class of
 peace men were coming up lo the work
 whose motto was, Resist net evil,” and
 who would in no case appeal to the sword,
 thus bearing the standard of p&lt; ace slid high
 er The speaker said a decided change had
 taken place in family government, ami in
 schools—the rad is nut so much us&lt; d now as
 formerly. The old notion about (lie necessity
 of whipping children is vanishing before a
 brighter ar.d higher principle. I’ersoi s have
 feared that they should conflict wiih what
 they conceive to be taught in the Bible on
 ibis subject. There need be no such feats.—
 The tenor of the Bible, is onward. It will
 accommodate itself to every improvement of
 the race, and will be adapted to every phase
 of progress which the human family can
 make. In this connection, Mrs. Mitt spoke
 of the happy influence which had been ex
 erted on the public mind of this country and
 Europe, by the olive leaves of Eliliu Burritt,
 and the writings of Henry C. Wright. The
 Society of Friends, too, had done much in
 promoting this cause. To he sure, they
 stood not now where they ought to stand.—
 Many of them had become like the rest of the
 world. They read of politics with as much
 avidity, and are as intent upon gaining wealth
 as others. The love of money—*tho root ci
 all evil—was rife, and they had become like
 white sepulchres, beautiful without, but cor
 rupt within, stiainirg at gnats and swallowing
 camels. Still, they hid done much to pro
 mote the cause of peace, temperance, and
 anti-slavery.
 The s ibj ictof land reform was also alluded
 to, as evidence of progress, and auguring the
 time w hen a phoenix shall arise out of our so
 cial ruins, encircling undents wmgsthe whole
 human fimily. The recent struggla for lib
 erty in the old wmrld, the anti-slavery move
 ment in France, the Chartist movement ir
 England, and the repeal movement of Inland,
 were all ha nod as signs of that time when
 lie whose right it is to reign, shall reign.
 Speaking of the Society of Friends, tht
 preacher said that liiey too had their forms
 their priesthood, and had erected among then
 their idol—JSilet ce, before whom all were ex
 prrtc-d to bow. Anticipating at this pom
 that some of htt audience w ould not under
 stand her faithfulness with he r own society
 the gave filth v.hat she supposed to be thi
 language of their hearts: Why, do yoi
 speak against your own society Yes, wai
 the r«ply, Weil, we don’t tluak much o:
 any one who will speak evil of their own so
 enny.” And Ido not think much of suyom
 who w ,11 expose the sins of other societies
 and conceal the sirrs of his own.
 The speaker again adverted to the suhjeci
 of pncii :ul Christianity, placing it above al
 creeds and forms of worship, and deploring
 the manner in whicii these were c&amp;allei
 above and separated fiuin a Lfie of goodness
 Qeoamg from Wiilum Feno, she said tha
 “Christian* ohm: Id be known rn ire by then
 libmcse to Christ, than by their notions q
 Christ.”
 The most thrilling part of this long ad
 dress, (to the thought* and languigeof whicl
 we have done no manner of jMSt.ee.) way tha
 wbudi related to slavery, '(lie oogliasi whirl
 -he dr--w Utwticn the condition of ‘lie whip
scarred ami dnwirtvedden *l*ve of this country
 and that «f the popr of Great lintain, while
 ilahnwedJbe to be deeper juried under
 dw nuns of oppression ant tyranny, it in no
 e#a teamed the sympathy of tbs audience
 fatsu.f t»2 humanly in tho old world. In
 thih cuafiectton, |rr own experience, eight
 years ago, while in Great Britain# was
 brought in with good eflbct. At that lime, so
 much oppressed and hungry wen the people,
 that they had placed upon their banners the
 terrible motto of bread or blood,” and so
 eager were they for their rights that they
 would forget the common decencies of life
 they spurned conrenfftroaf right* tad usages,
 overleaping them all; they would cuter the
 meetings called for other purpose**, and force
 their cause before the people; and although
 it was annoying to bo thus disturbed, looking
 at it in the light of a world-wide reformer,
 Mrs. Mott said she n jotoed in it. Speaking
 of the education of children in England, she
 dealt with deserved severity on th*» limited
 manner in which girl children were educated,
 the most of the poorer classes of whom were
 merely taught to read, the higher branches
 being considered above their station in life,
 and .t was said it would not do to instruct
 them above their condition Still, the condi
 t)»n of those, poor and degraded as it was,
 is incomparably better than that of the riave
 in our own land. With him. education, in
 any form, is made next to impossible, the
 laws prohibiting and utterly forbidding, under
 severe penalties, th j teaching of slaves even
 to read. The poor of the old world, too,
 cotild tell of their own wrongs; they could
 mix with the people; they could appeal to
 t’ue sympathies, and could force themselves
 upon attention —not so with the slave. Thcv
 are without the right of speech, and are not
 even allowed to assemble to consider their
 wrongs, or petition for a redress of their
 grievances. After dwelling at length upon this
 contrast, with the spirit ami faith of a proph
 etess, the preacher sunnrted tip the giant evils
 with which the world is afflicted, and the dif
 ficulties and dangers which lay in the way of
 reform, and drew a picture of truth and
 righteousness gloriously triumphing over them
 all.
 At the’close of the address, we were called
 upon by a part of the audience for a speech
 hut considering the lateness of the hour, the
 length of lime the meeting had been crowded
 together, and, above all, esteeming the impres
 sion made by the address much bettar for the
 cause than any which we could make or leave
 on the minds of the audience, thanking the
 audience for their kindness, we asked to be
 excused, and at once proposed the adjourn
 ment.
 Mr. and Mrs. Mott left this city on Monday
 for Cattaraugus, where they propose to visit a
 while with the Indians.
 They will go from thence into Canada,
 where they mean to visit the slaves who have
 sought a refuge from American slavery in that
 country. May Cod bless and prosper them in
 1 their labors of love, and speed them on their
 1 mission of mercy. They will have the bless
 ings of those who are ready to perish, and
 the prayers of the sighing bondman wherever
 they may travel, and among whomsoever they
 i may sojourn.
 i Wc arc happy to learn that it is the inten
 tion of those friends of freedom and humani
 ty, to return from lheir western tour through
 this city. Many hearts will be gladdened by
 their presence on their return.
 Brutal outrage upon Mr. GarnDt.
 Henry HtGrtLAxa Garnet, was dragged
 from the BufFilo and Niagara Falls cars, on
 Tuesday the 2i)tli insi., at Buffalo, and was
 so much bruised about the face and breast
 that he was compelled to defer his visit to
 Canada, and to place himself under tho care
 of a physician. Mr. Garnet and G. W.
 Clark the Anti-slavery Minstrel, are holding
 Conventions in Western New York. Tho
 cause of this brutal outrage, we suppose to
 be Mr. Garnet's complexion, the particulars
 have not yet, however, come to our notice.—
 We shall therefore delay any comments which
 in other circumstances wc should feel dispos
 ed to make. Bad as is our public sentiment,
 wo had supposed that such outrages had for
 ever ceased out of the land; but we wait fur
 particulars.
 EiT Mr. Holland, the Secretary of iho
 Fnitarian Association, desires us to state,
 that all colleges and theological schools can
 he supplied gratuitously with complete B'ts
 of the new edition of Dr. Chauning, bv
 i
 making known their wants to him at Boston,
 and designating the channel through which
 the}- may be sent.
 .Yew England Anti-Slavery Convention.
 Among the measures proposed for a con
 tinued agnation of public sentiment on the
 subject of Slavery, the one hundred Conven
 tions received the hearty and unanimous ajc
 proval of the meeting and the finance com
 mittee, with James N. Buffum as its chair
 man, were very executive in their appeals to
 the pockets of Abolitionists, to sustain the
 movement. Near 1300 hundred dollars was
 1 thus obtained. The resolution declaring that
 it would never be deemed out of order to ask
 for money, kcjt the ma ting in an excellent
 and benevolent humor while the committee
 were discussing this order of the day.
 Rev. Edwin Thompson impressed the hot
 upon tins meeting, that tU^amoiiey was not fur
 hte aid of those who appealed but would be
 appropriated exclusively to advance the
 causes—to secure the services of those
 Pioneers who ever had been and were yet
 willing to make sacrifices. If Parker Pilhv
 bury, and others, consecrate tim* and energy
 to the work of eulighteniug the community on
 its duties and responsibilities, we, who an. in
 terested, but cculd nut share with them in tlm
 labor, should cheerfully bestow of our means,
 and bid them God speed. Many of the anti
 slavery lecturers could receive rnueh more
 money in other departments, did they but
 choose to preach a spunaus gospel, or aban
 don the cause of the oppressed. V\ ben we
 pav them for their time, we in return rcceivo
 i 1
 i more than an equivalent.
 Samuel May, Jr., appealed to those who
 t' claimed to be abolitionist*, and yet for one
 long year had not contribute*! to the cause.
 I fad they forgot that the slave was yet ia his
 chains, and that these our measures were cai
 rn la ted to bieak the feuar and fei the oppress
 ed go free He hoped that they only slum
 hered at their prist. He who has this world's
 goods and beholds his brother m need, what
 hear*, lias he if he w ithbnW* aid 'J*ho*c who
ifw* to 0# poor lend to theiJUmJ. Who ml
 The post of this !mi. if not the sh#cs n» th
 Scmthem p)s«talia», whs cannot akr mjm'/
 much leas ray &gt;r»/sf, my child, my Bible, mm
 h&gt;nts~ t 9 |p
 (Mr. May adve*lij| to th# women of Wot
 center emntv. wheat rcceal fair had produce
 a noble offering to the cause—the spirit c
 whom he h'iped would be emulated by man
 l at this Convention.
 The always exciting topic—the Pro- Slave
 ry American Church and Clergy—occupied
 I prominent season of debate principally parti
 ci paled in by Elder Martin Cheney, of Rhodi
 j (stand, Rev. Mr. Fm*nM? to New Hmmp
 shire, S. S. Foster, and Parker Pillsbury
 Mr. Cheney has long act*’d with the Garrisoi
 Abolitionists, ami defended them from many
 Cilsc charges preferred by pro-slavery oppo
 nents. Mr. Fairfield ad aimed tbo faithful*
 oeas of Abokuooists, tho guilt of the Church,
 4 whose garments were dripping with the
 blood of the slave,” but did not concur o the
 h3rsh language-put forth by anti-slavery men;
 but before the debate ended, it was a difficult
 matter to decide who condemned slavery in
 the strongest language.
 Parker Pillsbury presented an incor.trovcrt
 iblo argument on the evil iuthieucc of the po
 litical parties, iatl the deceptions practic'd
 upon the working man, the Baited support the
 parties yielded to southern institutions; re
 ferring, also, to the prediction* of the Liiiera
 tor, eleven years a«ro, that Texas would be
 annexed that the warning was unheeded
 but that tlte Mexican w ar, with every other
 link in that chain of prediction, had been
 verified. Mr. Pillsbury, who confessed hav
 ing been both a wiro-pulled and a wire-puller,
 among the politicians, imparted some of his
 experience, showing bow the machinery was
 made to bear upon the rank and tie. lie
 read some extracts lrom Wuddy Thompson's-
 Notes on M' xico, expressing the contempt of
 Southern nabobs tor Northern and other
 workingmen. The speaker concluded with a
 tribute to that class, the bone and sinew of
 the nation, invoking blessings upon them (the
 working men) —God's nobility.
 No two men have been more aeelous or
 effective in the anti-slavery field, then Ste
 phen S. Foste? and Parker Pillsbury. They
 have nobly confronted opposition fur the truth's
 sake. Against all the manifestations of a
 wicked community have they imparted the
 whole gospel, that which will erelong melt
 the chain from every slave on American soil.
 During the Latuner war in Boston, a: d many
 a time before and since, Stephen S.'Foster
 has been made the victim of ruffianly, pro
 slavery, mobocratie violence, and, to bis ever
 lasting honor be it proclaimed, never yet
 flinched from Iris god-like position. A few
 weeks since, Parker Pillsbury was lecturing
 in Essex county, Mass., to a respectful and
 attentive audience, and lie favored them with
 ia reminiscence of a visit of his to the same
 place a few years since, on a similar mission,
 j when his reception then was far different
 fiom this; and that be bail now preserved in
 his anti-slavery cabinet at home some of tiie
 brickbats hurled at bis bead on that occasion.
 These are the trophies of early abolitionists,
 and proof of a devotion too seldom brought
 to mind by abolitionists of recent growth.
 The efforts of the northern Abolitionists
 will live in the memory of many a slave now
 in the rice swamps or cotton fields, whose
 children will be taught to lisp in grateful ac
 cents the names of those who, in the dav of
 small things, bore a noble and self-denying
 testimony.
 On the l ist evening session at Faneuil Hall,
 (’hailes Lenox Keinond submitted the follow
 ing resolution, in support of which he made
 a most brilliant and effective speech
 Resolved, Tint we will never throw anv
 obstacle, however slight, in the wav of slaves
 obtaining their freedom in the most direct and
 summary manner in their power; that, so far
 1 from counselling them to be content in their
 condition, we will spare no effort to make
 them the contrary that so far from advising
 them to bear in patience the evils of their
 condition, we will encourage them, by every
 righteous means in our power, to escape from
 that condition at their earliest opportunity.
 Mr. RcmonJ alluded to the indignities
 heaped upon Ins unoffending brethren in the
 1 1’ailed States, under the American Constitu
 tion, det'isling the various forms of prejudice
 and exclusion peculiar to the States several
 ly, North and South, remarking that it was
 only by allowance that the colored man ex
 isted South of Mason and Dixon’s line.

 He narrated the history of three young
 colored tnen ho recently met in western N. V,
 who bad but just made good their escape from
 Souther., slavery, 1 heir persons were lacer
 ated by the nun., and pierced by the bullet.—
 1 hey wo:- n i:\ g iroai American Republi
 canism to the ruiecUouol ilnt.sh Monarchy.
 While syinj .liuiiiig with taem, he was re-,
 minded of an expression ol Henry 11. Garnet,
 that .he had much rather repose in freedom
 under the mane of the British lion, than be
 despoiled of liberty by the claws of vhc Ame
 rican eagle. And how was it, he asked, with
 the uoauauil) fiee color.d man of thfc North 7
 Why, there wen* many, even at thin late
 day, inquiring whether tliey were prepared to
 receive the boon of equal rights I He com
 tended that it wa« natural for a'l to love and
 enjoy equal rights, and therefore unnatural to
 submit to lees. Tfie colored man had too
 long been the fringework of weif-ty. It was'
 indeed high uin-j for him to a-scit his rights,
 hi* manhood, and, in the name of God and{
 justice, to make a hold strike for freedom.—
 lie reminded the men who stood before hun,
 that a large number of the colored people of
 the United .States were leeitog more and more
 sensitive «nde* their w rang a iliat they had
 borne until forbearance bad ceased to be a
 virtue; that, despite the towering obstacles
 before them, they hid many of them about
 resolved to adopt the peattment of Patrick
 Henry—“ Give me liberty, or give me death.”
 Mr. |i. remarked tffal he po favors, but
 rights. that be was plead:i g for the greatest
 as well as for the smallest men. lie pled
 jor all as an American, *e&gt; mdetxi he was one
 tamaalf, and these lore united with thetu m
 hope* for the salvation of hut country. He
 alluded briefly to the prejudice against cuk&gt;r,,
 so prevalent in the eomtrrniitr, as being un
 kind, unmanly, apd predicated open much
 that ia false. Many who indulged ta this
 ar,u-chu*han spirit know but Lulu or nothing
 ;of those they thus injured. Tbe.e mere
 among the colored people aa aspiring mioda
 *as themselves, who only asked feu play that
 their merits might be appropriately tested.—
 They had their likes and dislikes, reialtve to

jlhe white population it was not confined t«
 #ne race exclusively. This prejudice against
 dolor was my capri ions; her’, black waa the
 bsdge of degradation but in Africa, when
 j mothers wished to frighten their children,
 they would point to a w hite man, railing him
 the devil. There was nothing arbitrary at
 all in the term. I&lt;et but American slavery
 he aboh?bee, ami colorpbohia would soon find
 it* resting ?hee. As for himself, lie waa
 proud of hi* complexion, much preferring to
 be the blackest man that ever lived, than a
 pro-slavery pile lace, who, at Congress or
 otherwise, had not the moral courage to ei
 t hibtt a son! oi h» ow Q when tho question of
 human rights was under discussion.
 Mr. Rwnqod concluded amid general ap
 plause, which was much m contrast with his
 appearance on Fanenil Hall platform at the
 Latimer meeting. seme years since, where he
 was not allowed to speak but the times are
 changed since then, and they will not retro
 grade in this raarrh of reform, there are no
 footsteps backward.
 Mr. Garrison disclaimed any belief in the
 propriety of physical effort to rid the land of
 slavery, tot was gratified that the remarks
 had boon so well received it was proof that
 the audience sympathized in the idea that all
 men were equally drservii g »f liberty, and of
 the same right of choosing the means to ob
 tain it.
 Hits article is already of sufficient length.
 Next week I hope to give some idea of Wen
 dell Phillips’ speech. Theodore Parker’s is
 ref or led by himself at length. There were
 many other profitable sayings and doings that
 may not remain unsung.—vv. c. N.
 DIP We gratefully acknow ledge valuable
 Congressional documents from Hon. Joint
 1\ Hale.
 Notice to Subscribers.
 Those who commenced with the volume,
 and paid one dollar, are now informed, that
 their term expires with the present number.
 yt. R. Delany.
 In answer to many inquiries tor this our
 friend and brother, we say, ho is now in the
 Stato of Ohio, laboring with commendable
 zeal, to advance the anti-slavery movement,
 improve and elevate the minds ami hearts of
 our own people, and to extend the subscrip
 tion rieU of the North Star. Friend Delany
 will not probably be in Rochester before »ho
 first of September. We should be gftid to
 see hrm sooner; but the work he Las marked
 out for himself wo fear will not permit him to
 be here much, if any before that time.
 TO COKUESI’ONDENIS.
 J. S. I*l., Port Byr'n.—Star mailed regularly.
 J. C.,— W. 11. M.&amp;J, M„ Wellsville, O.—
 Gratefully arkritm lodged.
1 Communications.
 i
 Boston, June 5, 1848,
 Mn. Editor:—The principal topic of in
 teTevt here, is the nomination of General
 I a_v lor by the Whies.
 If anything were wanting, after the quiet
 submission with wltich the Northern Whigs
 received the annexation of Texas and the
 war with Me xico, to show their cornpleto
 subserviency to the South, we have it in the
 alacrity with which tiny generally respond ta
 the nomination of Gen. Taylor. The Whig
 papers of the North have pretended that op.
 position to the extension of slateiy is one uC
 the principles of the party. Many of thetu
 have denounced the Mexican war as unjust,
 outrageous, ar.d unconstitutional. Yet now
 they advocate the election to the Presidency
 of the military chieftain who commanded the
 army of invasion, who, in his proclamations
 to the Mexicans after the first bailies, justified
 the war; who has “never yet expressed a
 political opinion;” but whose celebrity has
 arisen solely from his success in the war; who
 i» one of the largest slaveholders in Iwiuisi
 aua; ar.d who has yet to express the fust
 word in opposition to t lie extension of slavery*.
 Not a Whig paper “in good standing” in
 Massachusetts, has refused to support the
 nomination. The Boston Whig cf course
 opposes Taylor; but this does not form an
 exception, for that high-toned journal was
 long ago excommunicated from the party.—
 W'm. S. Robinson, Esq., the late editor of
 the Lowell Fourier, deserves honorable men
 tion. Since the nomination of Taylor, he has
 retired from the editorial department of tie
 i paper. He cannot, he says, as a Whig, sup
 port the nomination, and retain that self-re
 spect which is the most valuable of an hon
 orable man’s j The Boston Jour
 nal, ‘he Salem Gazette, and papers of that
 stamp, which h.»vc made some pretension to
 anti-slavery feeling, have fallen mtothepack,
 and joined the cry like so many whipped
 spaniels, ih« Courier, the most liberal and
 independent sixpenny” in Boston, has thus
 far preserved a non-committal course, Bat 1
 have it from good authority, that although t*.»
 eld&lt; r Buckingham firmly r&lt;fcm» to write a
 woid in ia*or of the nomination, the paper
 w ill finally support Gen, Taylor,
 I he course of the Northern Whigs during
 the last four years, shows that they are either
 most cowardly poltroons, or most miserable
 hypocrite*. Th y have been noisy in thin
 clamor about Northern rights; they have
 been justly lavish of their denunciations of (be
 Democratic party for it* adhesion to slavery
 arid yet, in the midst of their professions, they
 go to Philadelphia, and hasten to oofdo the
 Dempyrary in devotion to tbeir Southern
 masters. While the Democrats nominate a
 demagogue and a doughface, but still a
 Northern man, who has never held a slave,
 the Whig# put up one of the largest slave
 holders ta America.
 1 was at s Whig ratification meeting in a
 neighboring city a few evenings since, where
 .one of the speakers, a delegate to the Con
 vention piously said he believed there was
 luw*d u&amp; VrovkioKT ip thf nomination of Gen.
 iTaylor. Were it net that “God is every
 where,” we should have no reeson to sup
 pose He was in the Whig Convention. An
 other speaker, tie Hon. Geo. Loot, of Nev
 hurypert, attempted to manufacture some
 thunder for himself from the fact tha.he wtaa
 the only one of the Maasacbusctta delegation
 who voted for the nomination of Taykw, thus
 glorying in his shame. He tried to make it
 jaypent that the nomination of the O^agrsl
"
