"Po 11 rq.
Wiii.ui Htmiwm, dfe «Mbr «f ik»
 olK&gt;m ing (KMlihl poem, ni MMltf Ayrshire,
 and ve»er»l year* editor «T a mWmpapsr m
 iihfom. He particularly drhghmd Ml mnriy of
 U»r eaHy ballads and other poetry of feredmW aod
 England. s«m&gt; of hie paean are etarrely ear
 paaaeid ft# simplicity apd tenderness whafe
 range of Penttish poetry. Mudwi B*a,
 ora* poor, and, like him, toward rite daaa of hie
 life, sought ftcMtacat shd fiwprtftAnsaa ip tataoa
 petnuce. lie died m |Waapvw r oa rite Asaaih of
 October, 1839, io the thirty srveedi year aFino afe.
 JEANIE MORISON.
 f&gt;e wandered east, I've Traaihitnl trrat.
 Tkroagb moay a weary any;
 Bet never never can (#get
 Thp fctt o’ life's young day*
 The ire that'a Mawp at Briaat t'«
 May weei ha black gta Ytrityr
 BtK Marker fc* awake rite heart
 er ftrat foad fovg growa aria.
 Jennie Morrison,
 The thuchta o’ bygnat year*
 Still fling their abode we ewer ay pah,
 Aad bliari a»y e'en wi* lean:
 They blind ary e'aa wi* eaat Mat lean,
 Aad aair and etch I puw,
 Aa memory idly sammon* ep
 The blithe blinke e* laagsyar.
 Twa. then we lav’t ilk kher weel,
 Twaa then are twa did part;
 Sweet tine, aad tine? twa beirae at ecale,
 wm Kid but m heart?
 *Twae then we aat oa ae high Link,
 To teir ilk itiier tear;
 And toner, and looks, and smiles ware abed,
 Remembered evermair.
 I wonder, Jeanie, aften yet,
 When tiltin’ on that hink,
 Clwek toechin’ cheek, luof locked in luof,
 What our wee head* coekl think.
 W hen haitk bent (Joan ower ae btaid page,
 Wi* ae btiik on oar knee.
 Thy lipt were on thy leeaon, bat
 My lesson was in then.
 fMt, mind ye how we hung om heads.
 How cheeks brent red wi’ shame,
 W he ne’er the sculr wean, laughin’ said,
 We deck’d thegither hamel
 And mind ye o’ the Saturdays,
 (The seule then skail’t at noon.)
 we n to sped the braes-
 The broomy braes o’ June?
 My bead runs round aad round about.
 My heart flows like a tea,
 As ane by ane the thoehu rush back,
 O’ scale-time and o’ tliee.
 Oh, mom in’ life? oh, mamia’ lave'
 Oh, lichUome days aad bog.
 Whew binnie hopes aroand ear hearts,
 Like simmer blossom* sprang?
 Oh, mind ye, love, how aft we lelt
 I be deavin’ dinsome toss,
 To wander hy the green born-side.
 And hear its water's croon!
 Tbe simmer leaves hang ower oer heads.
 The flowers burst round our User,
 And in tl*e gloamin’ o’ the wood
 Tbe throssil wliussl’t sweet.
 The throssil wltussPt in the wood.
 The bum sang to the trees.
 And we with nature’s heart in tune.
 Concerted Iwrmonies;
 And on the knowe aliune tbe bum
 For hours tliegither sat.
 In the sifenfncM o’ joy, till baitfe
 Wi’ very gladness grat.
 Ay, ay, dear Jr ante Morrison,
 Tears trinllfed drum your cheek.
 Like dew-lieads en a rose, yet nane
 Had ony power to speak?
 That was a liar, a blessed time.
 When hearts were fresh aad young.
 When fi eely gushed all feelings forth.
 Unsyllabled—unsung?
 I marvel, Jeanie Morrison,
 Gin I hae been to thee-
 As closely twined wi’ earliest thochts
 As ye hae been to msl
 Oh, toll me gin their music fills
 Thine ear, as it does mine;
 Oh, say gin e’er your heart grows grit
 Wi* dreainings o’ langsynel
 I’ve wandered east, I’ve wandered west,
 I’ve borne a weary lot;
 But in my wanderings, for or near.
 Ye never were forgot.
 The fount that firlt burst frae this heart
 Still travels on its way;
 And channels deeper as it rias
 Tlie lure o’ life’s young day.
 Oh, dear, dear Jeanie Morrison,
 Since we were sindcred young,
 I’ve never seen your face, nor heard
 The music o* your tongue;
 But I could hug all wretchedness.
 And happy could I dee.
 Did 1 l&gt;ut ken your heart still dreamed
 U’ bygaoe days and me.
 REMEMBRANCES.
 Oft at tlie hour when evening throws
 Its gathering shade o’er bill aod vale,
 Whits half tli* scene in twilight glows,
 And half in sunlight glories still;
 The thoughts of all that we have been,
 And hoped and feared on life’s long way;
 Remembrances of joy and pain,
 Conic mingling with tbe close of day.
 The distant scene of youth’s bright dream.
 The smiling green, the rustling tree.
 The murmur of the grass-fringed stream,
 Tbe hounding of ike torrent fire—
 The friend whose tender voice no more
 Shall sweetly thrill the listening ear,
 Tlie glow that love’s first vision wore.
 And disappointment's pongs are hen.
 But safe o’er each reviving scene.
 The chastening hues of msmory spread;
 And smiling each dark thought between,
 Hope softens every tear we shed.
 Ob thus, when death’s long night comes on,
 And its dark shades around me lie,
 parting lean from memory’s sun,
 Rleods softly in my evening sky.
 MEMORY AND HOPE.
 Oft have I maiked, as o’er the sea
 We’ve swept,beforn the w»d.
 That those whose heart* were en the share.
 Cast longing looks behind;.
 Wbtk they, whose hopes have elsenbm been.
 Have watched with anamus eye#,.
 To see the hill* that lay before,
 Faint o’er tpe waters rias-
 tjbve&gt; as o’er the sen of life.
 Our 9MV tfd VVtKse we trucks
 Thai anxious sadness looks before*
 Tbe ba|tpy still look bark;
 Ktill smiling on the course they’ve passed
 As earnest of die rest,
 cj'j, Mope’s tbe charm of wretchedness.
 While msmory moos the West.
Selections.
EXTRACT FROM JOHlf VA!f BL T
 REN’S SPEECH,
 At tk* Mcnrvt Cmntf ftnmerwht Cnmitoa, Am
 12, IMS.
 The question now Arises in regard
 to Territory west of Mississippi— Ter
 j ritory now free, which has become s
 part of the United States under the de
 claration Sf the President. The ques
 tion is, u Shall Slavery go there,, or
 shall Freedom go there Both can-
 not go there, as I think I shall be able!
 •o show you«y It will be recollected;
 that the whole region ceded from Vir
 ginia was Slave Territory. That re-1
 ■gion is now att Free. Thts shows you'
 the wisdom of-the policy of Jefferson,
 by which Sla've/y was prohibited from
 going there, 1 was told by an in
 telligent gentleman the other day, that
 the ordinance actually set free some
 two or three thousand slaves. Is it
 not idle, then, for {gentlemen to deny
 the power of Congress to prohibit
 Slaveholders from going into free* Ter
 ritory, and planting Slavery there? If
 they do this, they expel the white la
 borer beyond all question, for he will
 not go into a county where hs will be
 obliged to labor side by side with the
 black slave. This is a question which
 must be met now. It is not a question
 in regard to a treaty to be formed, or
 Territory that may or may not be ac
 quired. It is not a future, but a pres
 ent question—it is now here—upon us
 —and must be met at once. The Pre
 sident says our government must be
 extended over Oregon; and the people
 who have gone into that country have
 petitioned for a Territorial Govern
 ment to be established there. A bill
 for that purpose is now before Con
 gress, and is likely to fail, because of
 the unwillingness of the Southern mem
 bers to grant a provision which shall
 prohibit Slavery. It is upon us; and
 must be decided at the ensuing Presi
 dential election.
 What are the objections to the ex
 tension of Slavery? They are, in the
 first place, because it is upon its face a
 disgrace and a curse. Kvcry human
 being knows it to be so. Washington
 knew it, Jefferson knew it, and they
 declared it boldly. Patrick Henry,
 James Monroe, James Madison, and all
 the early fathers of the Republic,
 slaveholders, and living in Virginia,
 fully and unqualifiedly asserted that it
 was a great social and political evil,
 and a disgrace to the institutions that
 permitted it to exist. If there were no
 other question presented but the ab
 stract question of Slavery itself, no
 northern freeman would hesitate to say
 that it ought not to be extended. But
 there are other considerations connect
 ed with it. For instance: in the South
 ern States, one man is equal to four
 persons at the north. The great prin
 ciple at the basis of American institu
 tions is, that taxation and representa
 tion should go hand in hand. That
 principle is openly and signally violated
 under the provision which permits this
 disparity to exist. In regard to the
 states where this provision is now al
 lowed, it is a matter of compromise,
 and to that extent l am willing to sub
 mit to it; but when it is proposed to
 carry the slave market into the new
 and virgin fields of New Mexico and
 California, I must firmly object. No
 man who claims to be a friend to the
 principles of liberty and equality,
 would hesitate to say that slavery must
 stand still where it is. What madness
 has seized upon the Southern people
 on this question, when they attempt to
 force upon us the candidate of a Con
 vention, where one man from South
 Carolina gives nine votes, and seventy
 two from New York give none!
 (Laughter and applause.) Of all ex
 travagant abuses of the theory of re
 presentation, this seems the most ex
 traordinary. This Commander without
 men, (laughter,) whom his own State
 repudiates—worse off even than the
 Conservatives, for a few people do
 pretend to have sent them —is allowed
 to cast nine votes. What haR New
 York done to the Democratic party
 New York, who, from the formation ol
 the Constitution until now, has shoul
 dered and carried through, with her
 triumphant power, all great Democrat
 ic measures—what evil has she done
 that she deserves to be scourged by this
 South Carolina cat-’o-nine-tails.”—
 (Cheers and laughter.)
 There is one question connected with
 this subject, which coincs home to ev
 ery man in this country—a question
 between the capital of the South
 and the free labor of tkc north. The
 capital of the South in the hands o
 three hundred thousand Slaveholders
 and the free labor of the North in th&lt;
 hands of Freemen. The question is
 whether the Territory to be annexe*
 shall be divided into plantations of tw&lt;
 or three thousand acres for the occupa
 tion of Slaveholders, or cut up int*
 small and convenient farms for actua
 settlers—whether free labor shall b&lt;
 forever kept out—for we know that th«
 white laboring man cannot be drivei
 into a country where he will have ti
 work beside the black slave. Slaverj
 breaks down and destroys the dignitj
 of the laboring man. The Irish, Ger
 man, Swiss aud French emigrants comi
 to this country to find homes when
 thay will be respected, and where thej
 may enjoy equal, social and politica
 privileges, and where they will find i
 government to protect them. Tht
 question is, then, if this great mass, th&lt;
 annual accumulation of w hich is equa
 to the entire slnveholding population
 shall be allowed to go into this new
 Territory, to find homes and build u[
 States which shall take their places bj
 j the side of Ohio, and reflect honoi
 upon free institutions throughout tb&lt;
 world. This is to be decided at this
 election; and how is it presented
 Both Conventions were organized an*
 proceeded upon this single question.—
 j How is it with Mr. Cass? Geo. Rath
 bun, of Auburn, has declared, an*
 there has been no denial of it, that Mr
 Cass assured him last year that he wai
 decidedly in favor of the Wilmot Pro
 viso, and that he expressed his rvgrei
 at not being able to vote upon it, or
 account of Mr. Davis, of Mass., speak
 tog against time at the close of these*
 *foo. He has now published a letter ii
 Vfctcfc k# hs has changed bu
 views OR tkftt subject, asd denies the
 power of Congress to pass toy law
prohibiting slavery in free territory.—
 *h* Utica Convention declared that
 while they would not make a test upon
 this question, they would not support
 a man who did. —Daily Advrrtiarr.
 INSTINCTS or the blind.
 A notice of the life and writings of
 Dr. Biacklock, by Mr. B. B. Bowen, a
 a resident of Massachusetts, contains
 the following curious passage respect'
 ing the ideas which the blind have of
 colors.
 I would state here, for the benefit
 of the curious, r that there is a fancied
 resemblance, at least, between colors
 and the tones of the human voice.—
 The lower tones correspond with the
 darker shades, the medium voice with
 the paler colors or the milder shades,
 and the higher tones, or the head
 voice, with the brightest and most
 brilliant colors, as a bright red, lor ex
 ample. The female voice, whose me
 -11 odious tones can move the heart to
 deepest ecstacy, is a combination of
 (the blue, the violet, and the pink. Ibe
 masculine voice resembles the black,
 the green, and the red. 1 hese are va
 riously compounded in different indi
 viduals. We hear, in the deep, rich
 tones of the Hon. Daniel Webster’s
 voice, for example, the first two, or the
 black and red, or, if you please, dark
 and brilliant. In most persons, how
 ever, the medium or green voice pre
 dominates. Those who have what is
 called a squeaking voice, such as the
 celebrated John Randolph is said to
 have had, the red is predominant.—
 The two extremes, when rightly com
 bined, are the most agreeable to the
 ear. These remarks may seem crude,
 and to some even silly. We have
 made them, however, for what they are
 worth. It seems to us the only way in
 which we can obtain the most remote
 idea of colors; for it is absurd to sup
 pose that they would make use of their
 names without attaching to them any
 meaning—that they would repeat, par
 rot-like, just as children sometimes do,
 words without attaching to them any
 definite idea. It may not generally be
 known that the blind attach to almost
 all physical objects some moral quality.
 It of course depends upon the effect
 produced by different objects upon the
 mind through their other senses, or
 upon some idea which they have ob
 tained from others. With the sun, is
 connected the idea of greatness and
 magnificence; with the moon, amiabili
 ty, benignity, etc.”
 TIIE LAST BELL.
 It was a beautiful morning in the
 month of May, 1825. I was sitting by
 the side of Helen Harris, the only girl
 I ever loved, and I believe the only
 girl that ever loved me—any how, she
 was the only one that ever told me so.
 We were sitting in the piazza of her
 father’s house, about a quarter of a mile
 from the landing place, waiting for the
 bell of the steamboat that was to w arn
 me of the moment that was to part “my
 love and me.” It came to pass, in the
 course of my history, that in order to
 accumulate a little of this world's gear,
 that I might be the better prepared to
 encounter the demands of matrimony,
 I was destined to cross the blue Chesa
 peake, and seek in the metropolitan city
 the wherewith so much desired. How
 many swains have been compelled like
 me to leave home, and the girl they
 loved, in search of gold! And, good
 gracious! how many have been disap
 pointed! But to the piazza.
 Well, we were sitting in the piazza,
 and talking of our love and separation,
 &amp;c. We were waiting for the unwel
 come sound of the steamboat bell, and
 you may rely on it, we talked fast and
 abbreviated our w r ords in such rujrgcd
 sentences, that nobody but ourselves
 could understand them. The first hell
 rung, I sprang to my feet, and trembled
 ilke an aspen. “Oh, George,w ait till the
 last bell rings,” said Helen, as the big
 bright tears came over her blue eyes.
 “Do no such thing,” answered the
 hoarse voice of Mr. Harris, as he
 arose like a spectre from the cellar,
 where he had been packing away his
 cider—“ George, never wait for the last
 bell.” I was off like a deer, and I
 arrived at the steamboat merely in time
 to go on board before she w as pushed
 off’ from the wharf.
 My career in search of pelf, has in
 a degree been successful; but I believe
 had not the old farmer told me never
 to wait for the last bell,” I should now
 I be as poor as the morning that “fare
 well” shivered from my lips upon the
 heart of my lovely Helen. Any per
 son who has lived at a hotel even for a
 day, knows the danger of waiting fot
 the last bell; I did it once, and lost my
 dinner. The first stroke of the dinnet
 bell always found me at table. Foi
 six months I was a clerk, andmyncvei
 waiting for the last secured for me
 the affections of niyjriftployer, who of
 fered me a partnership, which I accept
 ed, and in every instance when the bell
 j rung, I was read/.
 I had almost forgotten to tell you,
 that Helen Harris is my wife, and she
 will never repent the morning I took
 her father at his word, and ran ovei
 the field to the boat in time. When I
 arrived at Baltimore, I called on some
 gentlemen to whom I had introductory
 letters, and they rcccmmended ine foi
 a situation one was soon offered,
 which had been refused by (our young
 men who were waiting for the last bell,
 and which I accepted; it was the mak
 ing of me. Haste for the first bell,
 accept lha first offer, and keep it till
 you get a better. Life is short, and Ik
 who puts off until the last bell, will, a t
 father Harris predicts, "come out al
 the little end of the horn.”
 i Young ladies, I have a word for you
 In the street where I live, there is a
 lady who has been seven years ii
 choosing a partner for life. She ha:
 had several respectable offers, but she
 i was waiting for the last bell, and she is
 now likely to remam to the last a belle
 for she is turned of thirty, and it ii
 more than probable that she must bide
 her blessedness forever. Now, I be
 seech all of you who may read thii
 sketch, w henever you may feel a dispo
 sition to postpone anything which shouk
 be done now, remember the words o
 farmer Harris, “Never wait for the
 last bell.”
 Knowledge is p«wer: an enlighten
 and virtuew* people can never be en
 1 slaved.
nnn or iiateit.
 I tkink I can interest you a lirtlc
 by giving a abort account of the rav
 ages slavery aaade a bile it «*i»ted in
 its nukiesl from in the State ol
 York. Sons time prior
 lutioo ill these States, there lived in
 the city of Schenecki.dy a man who
 followed the trade of sailing a vessel to
 the British possessions in the «est
 Indies called Honduras. In process ol
 time, this captain formed an acquaint
 ance with a family of coloured persons
 in those parts, and an intimacy be
 tween the parties was the result.
 Facilities for edueation being superior
 in the States at that time, the parents
 of wy si other were induced to entrust
 two of their most promising children,
 a son and a daughter, to this sea-cap
 tain, to take with him to the States, in
 order to give them an education. Afew
 years had elapsed, and the American
 rebellion broke out, when this man s
 trade was cut off with the V' cat Indies,
 and his avaricious heart led him to g* l
 and take my dear mother and her
 brother out of chool, and he sold them
 as slaves for life. The consequence
 was, she was sold several times to the
 most cruel tyrants that could be found,
 to break what they termed her stubborn
 spirit. During this time, she married
 and became the mother of three
 children, of which I am the second.
 While the third was in infancy, my
 mother’s elder sister left home in
 search of my mother, and found her,
 after searching for three or tour years
 in various parts. This older si4ter had
 been despatched by the fond parents
 of those interesting chilprcn hut,
 oh witness in imagination the meeting
 of those two sisters, after a separation
 of twenty years! It was utterly im
 possible to separate them. My mother
 was immediately bought and paid for by
 her sister, who refused to take up hea
 residence in this slave-holding country,
 and was unwilling to leave it without
 her sister. Here my poor father was
 brought into trying circumstances
 (being himself a slave). lie entreated
 that his wife might be permitted to
 remain with him, but all to no purpose;
 the sister insisted upon her accompany
 ing her home to the West Indies. At
 length, my mother consented to go
 and, for want of sufficient means, the
 two eldest children had to remain in
 slavery. My father lived a few years,
 and negotiated to purchase his free
 dom; but, about the time of its ac
 complishment, the cruel messenger,
 death, summoned him to appear at the
 judgment-seat of Christ Thus we
 were left, without parents, to the tendei
 mercies of American slavery. 1
 think I would he willing to suffci
 almost any thing, if I could know even
 the name of my mother’s parents. 1
 have said thus much to apprise you o:
 my origin.”— Letter from Thomas ton
 Rensselaer, Eiltior oj the Ram s Horn,
 dated ,V« ic York January 30, 1818.
 PRECOCITY.
 People talk such nonsense about pre
 cocity, as if it were only conncctec
 with genius and singularity. Bu:
 genius is not precocity—it anything, it
 is exactly the reverse. Genius, ii
 truth, is something more childlike stil.
 than childhood—more foolish, mor&lt;
 fanciful, and more faithful, and incor
 rigibly so for life. Instead of antici
 pating in childhood the mind of a man.
 it retains in manhood the heart of a
 child. Kvery genius is a child, am
 every child is u genius, morally, it not
 intellectually, or there is little to b&lt;
 hoped from him. But it is your wise,
 prudent, hard, sedate children, who
 are really precocious, born with a kind
 of native experience of their own, who
 naturally antedate that caution anc
 cunning which others so painfully ac
 quire; keeping out of scrapes and dis
 appointments, because they haVe nom
 of that love and trust which lead other
 children in. This is the precocit)
 parents should be afraid of. U hey wil
 have a child who will save them n
 world of present trouble, who will com
 mit no blunders, and break no bounds
 save his pocket money, and spare hit
 clothes, spy out all his brothers’ anc
 sisters’ faults, and the servants’ pic
 cadillocs, and be probably held up ii
 the family as a standard of circum
 spection and prudence, or, what it
 falsely called, up to a certain age if
 juvenile life, of “goodness;” but lei
 them not rejoice; they will have a sor
 who will desert his father if he be un
 fortunate, grind his mother if she be t
 1 widow, bear a smooth character to tin
 1 world, hut a hard heart to his own
 turn against his parents in their oh
 age the very character they falsely be
 stowed in his youth; and, in additiot
 to this, have the strongest health ant
 longest life of the family; for tliere i:
 no life-preserver like the precocity of:
 narrow spirit and a cold hcait.— Fra
 I ser’s Magazine,
 Schiller’s use ok Bodily Suf
 i FERi.NG. I have often been acquaintec
 with persons, bojh men and women, ii
 i whom this condition (of constan
 bodily suffering) was habitual, ant
 who had not even a single probabh
 hope of ever getting free from it, unlt si
 by death. To this class, especially
 Schiller belonged. He suffered much
 suffered constantly, and knew, too, tha
 (as was actually the case) thest
 perpetual pains were gradually drawing
 him nearer to death. Yet of him ii
 might truly he said, that he kept hit
 sickness imprisoned within the limit*
 of his body for at whatever hour yoi
 might visit him, in whatever state you
 might fiud him, his mind was alwayt
 cheerful and tranquil, aud ready foi
 friendly intercourse, and for interesting
 and even profound conversation. Ht
 1 would even say, at times, that a mar
 can work better in certain states o
 bodily ailment, —not those, of course,
 of acute suffering; and I have fount
 him, while actually in this uncomforta
 ble condition, composing poems anc
 prose essays, in which no one, surety
 i could discover a trace of this circuin
 stance of their birth.— Letter bu If
 I on Humboldt.
 Comsol axiom roa Reformers.— li
 is a mischievous notion that we an
 come late into nature; that the work
 was finished a long lime ago. As the
 world was plastic and fluid in. the- hand*
 of God, so it i* ever to so much of hii
 attributes as we bryig to it. To igno
 ranee end sin it is flint.— Emerson.
HEALTH PROMOTED BY *YM
 METRY OP MIND.
 Ia conclusion, I cannot nass over the
 vast importance to health, that tbt
 mind in all its parts, should be well
 balanced no one attribute acting al
 the expense of others. A disorderd 01
 a distempered mind is totally incompati
 ble with health and long life. It soor
 destroys the body of its possessor.
 Tranquillity and repose of mind »n
 indispensible to health and long life,
 It is an interesting fact, that all the
 vices contribute to disturb the mind,
 while all the virtues contribute to it*
 repose and tranquillity. The effect oi
 vice is to destroy health and shorten
 life. On the other hand, virtue incline*
 to lengthen life. Allow me to urg«
 you to cultivate symmetry of mind.
 Repel frotn your mind all corroding
 cares —all unnecessary anxiety—and
 every thing iu the shape of secret
 vices. Secret vices are like the des
 tructive vermin that establishes itsell
 in the heart of the choicest and most
 promising fruits, and eats out all their
 virtue and substance. Never allow
 revenge, envy, hatred or malice to take
 possession of your mind. These con
 ditions of mind deepen all the lines ol
 the face, sharpen all the features, and
 give to the possessor the appearance ol
 premature old age. But, on the other
 hand, internal purity and the practice
 of benevolence, the exercise of gene
 rosity, of kindness to all, thinking no
 evil, cultivating the fullest cheerful
 ness, will soothe and soften the coars
 est brow. Above alt, the whole mind
 requires an anchor that shall stay it in
 all the storms, vicissitudes and troubles
 of life. This anchor is obtained in
 pure and undefiled religion: a constant
 reliance, in all trials, upon God our
 Savior. Practice the precepts of
 health. For your mind, learn and
 practice all the teachings of our blessed
 Savior, and your person will be full of
 strength and beauty, your days multi
 plied, and your life will be long, prosp
 erous and happy.— Fitch’s Lectures.
 LOW BIRTH.
 Many of our greatest men have
 sprung from the most humhlc origin, as
 the lark, whose nest is on the ground,
 soars nearest to heaven. Narrow cir
 cumstances arc the most powerful stim
 ulent to mental expansion, and the
 frowns cf fortune the best security foi
 her final smiles. A nobleman who
 painted remarkably well for an amateur,
 show ing one of his pictures to Poussin,
 the latter exclaimed, Your lordship
 only requires a litiie poverty to make
 you a complete artist.”
 The following incident may afford a
 timely rebuke to those lads who think
 themselves degraded by dirty work, and
 those young ladies who affect to be ir
 horrors if their mammas set them about
 house work.” Here they will see
 that even Gen. Washington was not
 ashamed to work hard w hen it was ne
 cessary:
 During the American Revolution, it
 is said that an officer, not habited in Iti.-
 military costume, was passing by w hen
 a small company of soldiers were a
 work, making some repairs on a small
 redoubt. The commander of the little
 squad was giving orders to those win
 were under him, relative to a stick oi
 timber which they were endeavoring to
 raise to the top of the works. Th«
 timber went up hard, and on this ac
 count the voice of the little great
 man was the oftener heard in his
 regular vociferations of Heave away:
 There she goes! Heave ho!”
 The officer before spoken of stopped
 his horse w hen he came to the place,
 and seeing the timber sometimes scarce
 ly move, asked the commander w hy h&lt;
 did not take hold and render a little
 aid. The latter appeared to be some
 what astonished, and turning to the offi
 cer with the pomp of an Emperor, said,
 Sir, I am a corporal!”
 “You are net, though, are you?’’
 said the officer, I was not aware of
 that; and taking off his hat and
 bowing, I ask your pardon, Mr. Cor
 poral!”
 U|»on this he dismounted his elegant
 steed, flung the bridle over a post, and
 lifted till the sweat stood in drops upon
 his forehead.
 When the timber was elevated to its
 proper station, turning to the mar
 clothed in brief authority, “Mr. Cor
 poral Commander,” said he, “when
 you have another such job, and have
 not men enough, send to your com
 mander-in-chief, and I will come and
 help you a second time.” The cor
 poral was thunder-struck—it was Wash
 ington!
 METHOD.
 A lady was complimenting a clergy
 man on the fact that she could always
 recollect and recite more ol the matter
 of his sermons than those of any other
 minister she was in the habit of hear
 ing. She could u*»t account feu* this;
 but she thought the fact was worthy of
 observation. The* reverend gentleman
 remarked that he could explain the
 cause. “I happen, he said, “to
 make a particular point ot classifying
 my topics—it is a hobby of mine to do
 so; and therefore I never compose a
 sermon without first settling the rela
 tionship and older ol my argument and
 illustrations. Suppose, madam, that
 ybur servant was stalling t«r town, and
 you were obliged hastily to instruct her
 about a few domestic purchases, not
 having time to write down the items;
 and suppose you said, 4 Be sure to
 bring some tea, and also some soap,and
 coffee, too, by the by; and some pow
 der blue; and don't forget a few light
 cakes, and a little sugar; and, now 1
 think of it, soda;’ you would not be
 surprised if her memory failed with
 regard to oue or two of the articles.
 But if your commission ran thus, ‘Now,
 Mary, to-morrow, we are going to have
 some friends to tea, therefore bring a
 supply of tea and coffeo.and sugar and
 light cakes; and the next day, you
 know, is washing-day, so that we shall
 want soap, and starch, and soda, and
 powder-blue;* it is most likely she
 would retain your order as easily as
 you ratlin uty sermon.’' SutHh'% Irish
 Uiamomts.
 The ship fever is quite prevalent ii
 i Cincinnati at the present time.
FILING NEWSPAPERS.
 One of the many things which- I
 have to regret, when 1 review my past
 life, is, that 1 did not from my earliest
 j youth, at least as soon as I was able to
 jdo it, take and preserve—l believe tlir
 j technical term is file some good
 newspapers. How interesting would
 it be now to a sexagenarian to look
 I into the papers which he had read
 when he was twelve or sixteen oi
 'twenty years old! How many event*
 would this call to his mind, which he
 has entirely forgotten! How many in
 teresting associations and feeling*
 would it revive! What a view would
 jit give of past years! What knowl
 j edge would it preserve by assisting the
 j memory! And how many valuable
 purposes of a literary kind, even,
 might it be rendered subservient to!
 How much do I wish that I could look
 j into such a record, when composing
 this short rrticle! But newspapers are
 quite different things now from what
 they were sixty or even twenty years
 j ago. 'They are unspeakably more in-
 S tercsting and valuable; in this respect,
 at least, (I believe in many others),
 these times are better than the funner.
 Formerly the editors of newspapers
 were obliged to strain their wits and
 exhaust their means in order to obtain
 matter to fill their pages. Now, the
 great difficulty is, to insert all the val
 uable interesting materials that are
 poured upon th&lt; in from every pait of
 the world, and from every grade and
 phase of society. Now, newspapers
 contain many of the best thoughts ef
 the most highly gifted of men, on the
 most momentous subjects, and their
 reports and statements are far more
 accurate thau they formerly were or
 could he. They have repudiated the
 character for lying they once had, and
 have become records of truth. Cor.
 of British Banner.
 RACE WITH A LOCOMOTIVE.
 In a cottage not very far from the
 well known village of Kcclefeclian,
 which can boast of more bridges than
 even the metropolis itself, there resides
 a gude wife who is now in her 9:2d or
 !l:Jd year, and can, notwithstanding,
 read without the aid of spectacles, and
 to use her legs with more vigor than
 many her juniors by a couple score ol
 years. From her cottage she com
 mands a view of the Caledonian rail
 way for nearly five miles, and often
 amuses herself with watching the trains
 careering alon&lt;r, speculating on the
 unco changes which have taken plact
 since the days of her girlhood. While
 discussing these matters the other day,
 she made a bet of a crown piece with
 her son, that she would start from hei
 house, which is three quarters of a
 mile from the line of railway, as soon
 as the mail train came in sight, and
 reach an accommodation bridge w hich
 it crosses, before the train came up
 The proposal agreed to, she kilted up
 her petticoats, as soon as the locomo
 tive show ed its firey nr so, and away
 she ran, three-fourths of a mile against
 four and three-quarters; but 1&lt; r tin
 one a very elderly pair of legs, for th&lt;
 other, the steam steed rushing alonp
 with more than the velocity of the ract
 horse. For once, however, even stean
 was too slow, and, with wind in ven
 lair order, the mnnngenarian gainrt
 the bridge, ran below* and back again,
 ere the ponderous train whizzed above
 the arch. During her race, she ui&lt; t
 younger female acquaintance, who
 wished to speak with her. I hae ntt
 time the noo—eh, eh—l’m rinnin’ a
 race wi’lhe train, ye see—eh. ch—un
 less—i-eh, eh—ye keep up wi’ me.’
 This her friend attempted to do, hut
 soon found that sh had bellows to
 mend, and was forced to give in. Tin
 winner went home triumphantly, pock
 eted the stakes with great gusto, ant’
 was so little the worse tor her exertions,
 that she offered to run the same dis
 tance again.-t her son, who, after tin
 specimen he had just had of his mo
 ther’s powers in the racing line, ven
 prudently declined the proposal. Then
 is evidently no great need of sanitory
 reform among the braes of Annandule.
 Scotch Paper.
 Man’s Friends. —Man has three
 friends in this world—how do they coii
 i duct themselves in the hour of death,
 when God summons him before his tri
 bunal? Money, his best friend, leaves
 him first, and goes not with him. His
 relations and friends accompany him to
 the threshold of the grave, and then re
 turn to their homes. The third, which
 he often forgot during his life, are his
 good works. 1 hey alone accompany
 him to the throne of the Judge—they
 go before—speak and obtain mercy and
 pardon Ibr him.
 Taste For Monstrosities. —The
 Chinese have a passion for oddities,
 and not coutcntcd with mechanical cu*
 riosities, or the cultivation of dwarl
 trees and vegetable monstrosities, they
 experiment upon the animal kingdom.
 They have animals possessing an unu
 sual number of horns; and liens may
 be seen in the streets walking about
 very composedly upon duck legs, and
 rice versa. There are other combina
 tions equally odd, though seldom seen
 by Canton residents.
 Black and White.— Major Noah
 says, that Sambo, although he cauuat
 vote, is destined to exert an important
 inlluencc oil the approaching contest
 for the Presidency; and as the silent
 partner who furnishes the main capital
 of a political firm whose bids are in the
 market, he is deserving, in diplomatic
 phrase, of distinguished considera
 tion.”
 A Printer. —There is at this day,
 in Knglaud, employed on the Black
 stone Chronicle, a printer, 7&lt;i years of
 age, who commenced his apprentice
 ship in the year 17H4. He was a sol
 dier under Sir John Moore at Corunna,
 where he received a bail in his arm.
 He was with the Duke of Wellington
 in all his campaigns, and lost an ankle
 bone by a grape-shot at Waterloo.
 But in spite of all these hard services,
 he is the swiftest tod heat compositor
 in the office.
 I would not waste my youth ia idle
 dalliance, bat would plan! rich seeds
 to blossom in my manhood and beat
 fruit when lam old.— Young.
UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 1 THK Subscriber# manufacturing this invaluaMa
 j -l Cw4w| Sw»*, d*»«(pwii Cm* Goal or Wood,
 warranted to excel any othrr »tnve ever invented,
 •ml constructed strictly sport philosophical principle-#.’
 i Tha thr**» healed by bet air, (the wily bo« aw
 |Orr patented,) ami warranter! to hair at aril a*
 any brirh oven. F«r nab* only by the imdfTngnrd
 hok-nk and retail, tt, Exebwcgr Htrrtt.
 H. Bl #ll k CO.
 OWEN MORRIS CITT BINDERY
 THr MtsKCM—tab* mshkr fc aoaau
 MR. MORRIS in the employ of Mr. Marrws
 Morar fee seven pin, ami rianrtf Hun itam
 procured Un kirn three Filter Medal*, fur the krtl
 specimens of R&lt;«.h Binding, exhibited at the Ma
 rbnnies’ Fair* hrM m Him ri ty ami Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’* Libraries fitted an and repaired j
 Mimic Paper rnlcd; Mimic and Periodicals hnaad
 and Snidler! to any pattern. Blank Armant Honk*
 executed at thi* establishment ha?c given nnerpialled
 satisfaction, by their durability and rb-ganre. Strict
 attention i* ahray# paid In the v»!«ty r*f paper used,
 to maJrr them «*|Bal to lire be*t hi the t ailed State*
 or iboff* inserted.
 laidirs* Scrap and Ganrd Rooks,'Albums and
 Portfolios, in aM tfn-ir varieties, wanafaetared in
 or'U«r in the best sfyh.
 Banks, Institution*, Societies, kr., mar be
 assured of work bring ilone on Sic mnsl advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing ar a distance, by packing and
 forwarding Vol*nw tin- above directions, staling
 price ami style, mar rely ipon rkeir Ins* well beansl
 on the most fatorabk- term*, also rasehslly and
 punctimllr return'd.
 N.B. The proprietor ka» spared no expense in
 l.ttii!" up tlw i-italilislimrat, ami artvadaring in I*
 Western .New fork the latest intism eiit* im
 Hook Binding.
 own mohnis,
 Titt Bindery. tinder tke Unseam.
ItOMOV KRTISDXKftTMs
 C L A RK s O N,
 LONDONJKIUTION —\V ITH PORTRAIT.
 A FFAV copies of T.ARKSOVS HISTORY
 A OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRAOE, with prefatory remarks on the tttbsequrnt
 als&gt;lition of Slarery; a l eantifwl l&gt; nd&lt;&gt;n eilition,
 w itb a tine I'orlrait of tin* Vutlior, done on ateel,—»
 I*iok which could im&gt;t U- in.porteil for less than three
 dotlai s. ran lx- bail at 21. t'ornliill, if a| plied far
 immediately, at the very l- w pi ire of O.rr linii m,
 cask. Also, ELLOOILM ON t LAKKSON, by
 Am trittß (’r rm m Ll. L, at tile trducetl price at
 twelve and a half rents.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney ami Coun
 sellor at Imlw. Brazer’s Building, State Street.
 TOSF.I’II 11. TL KPIN would invite tlte attention
 tl ot his friends anil the public to his llAtit F.R
 KIAN OAI.I.F.KV, Vo. IXB. Sirert, where
 lie pk-«l"es himself to execute Miniatures with a lilie
 like finish, and on as moderate term* as any others
 t the profession.
 MA&lt; ON B. A 1.1. EN, Attorney and f'oiin sellar
 at Massachusetts Block.
 BOYS’ CL O THIN G.
 OAAII EL WILSON, 14. Brattle Street, having
 O made reeee t additions to his stia'k, is prepared to
 amiisli BOAS' LOTH IN is, of a* -oml material
 uid tit, and at as cheap prices, as can iir oLtaineri iu
 the city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 Nn. "d), I’mon Stkkkt, Bo»to!».
 JOHN W ItKillT keeps eoimtantly on hand a
 Croat variety of New and Seeond Hand ('lothinj.
 limufs of all kiwis, such as old rlntltcs, XV. I. goads,
 W alclies, Boots and Shi es, &amp;e., exchanged for new
 -lotliino. Cash advanced on all kinds of good*,
 from one to one hundied dollars.
 yOHN I). REA AI.EON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Fmpoi iiim, 114, IVaekstone-st.
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST.
 PAPER of the alsivv mime will lie published ia
 Y\ iliiiin»ton, I y (lie Delaware Anti-Slavery
 Soriety. It will lie edited K a Committee, and will
 ul.lislied on a half iiiedinm slier t, at twentv-hw
 cuts pe w ar, nr for twenty-fournumber*. It \xill|C*
 'e voted to rniaiH-ipsiti&lt;&gt;n in fie law are, and will ad.
 ucatc its neromplishrurnt l v all lawful means. Ft
 rill be iiblisheit siiiii-moullilv, if means are af.
 .order!, or as often as the means t an I’e obtained.
 JAMES B. BROOKE
 I'uhlishiug Agent.
 KOBXHAXFftif WATER CUBE.
 Flectricity tiud Hydropathy.
 I’HE |nl lie are ir tfully iotoimr-d, that line*
 the j hil sof Ideal I'l .lurliors of the learner! Dr.
 Means, ot Lmr i\ College, tia., anti the' seienlifce
 •xpei noetils of Mi llr nimer ot England,* hnv*
 eeeiitly and indubitably established the fart, that
 he rrinu lusions at wljp h the uurlrtsi&lt;:iii’il arrived t*
 lie souse i t tiinli,l ‘■'44, ate in latmonv wiln
 •atunil and j liysiolegiral laws—to wit, that the
 itunnii Immlv, in a healthy rornlitii n, is in a pe*»fn»
 to tria l »h,tr, and that the rlr r tiii al emaiialiona
 Turn the rutirular sin tar e, irirlirate health, or the
 ymptoms aad diameter of disease—llure is *onn«
 eason to hope, that certain i liysirians, ignorant uf
 hese jtin&lt;-ij les r natural laUs, a knowledge of
 vliir h is essential to the safe amt intelligeitt prartir*
 I the liealino art, wjll tease their vorileratioua
 gainst the rosirtvt: l l.Kerßirxl. state »f lit*
 iniiinn Im»!t, and will hesitate to dissuade the**
 iliorn they liave failed to relieve of I lie ir romplainls,
 rom set king nature’s remedy at the North* we.
 rov Water Ci’KE. Tim* sustained by the
 ■f seienee, the uiHlernigned may U- permillctl berg
 o ie,Mat Ins experience, that, i., all t a,e» where lh«
 vnsf, stomach, or litre*, re e fe^trr&gt;-r^ c *tiw«
 •Hiriition, the (iHtient is lieyond the power of water
 o afford relief. On the oilier hand, when Ibr part*
 f the tiody alluded to, are in the electro.pc *itiv*
 state, however dinarianged, tliere is ground to bop*
 ur a cure. r
 Ibid not the results of past years’ prartir*
 mean) rmt\iiH'cd I lit dMic &lt;»f iln* paf* 1% of truth*
 lulness of the principles by which the iinde'rdgned i*
 f ovci fiC’il, iii thf* Fyoiptomu and rhararlrr
 4 disease, and praetising the cure, the recent *rien&gt;
 tilie demount! at ion of tlteir eorrertness, by Profevsor
 Mi ans and Mr. Ilemmcr, could not tail to con vine*
 tin- most inemiuloKs.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit go jenernu*l»
 aw.iroed lor his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, ly a discerning public, "and rhe gratitud*
 evinced by those whom tie has itad the pleasure to
 relieve oi ilm ir eoni|.hunts, die nittlersigned will
 issiduously i odeavor to sr-taio the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in tlw ease every invalid who may
 .‘(lord birn an oj porttunty to t licet a cure, by hi*
 original and philosr.phieal method of practice.
 1 ie Noithani| lon W aler Cure is pleasaalhr *ilo
 .ili-d m-ar Iteusonv ilk*, on Uie west bank of Ln king
 Water, or Mill River,aboat urn and a half mile*
 from the centre of the town. It oonvenienlly
 arranged, with sr jwtrate pallors, batiiiox ami dresn
 iiif'-r' oms, for Ladies and Gentkmen, well vrnttl
 .ited ami conveniently tin nirhral imiging rooms, anzt
 a varir-ty ol Urllis, supnlietl with water, which, Utf
 ahomlaiH'e, polity, ami aihtpledncss to water-enrg
 purposes, is inistrif a**e&lt;i by itmt of any inker e*»»-
 Idirliinent in tin* country. The srenery in thi*
 vicinity i« pii-tureopw- amt romantic. T here are a
 varir-ty of jiU asant walks, orttu ir-ntlv retired, t®
 allow water-cure patients to appar as lliey should,
 plainly dresaerl, enjoying tla ir ranibb s witliout
 is'ing i-X|Mo&gt;fd to put In- ga/a i tr olsw-rvaiton.
 Among lla- eoiripUiiit* which »rr la re forces.fully
 treated, are Irrtulaelie, temir-nev r»fblor&gt;r| to tin- hear/,
 cold t xlreruiliee, gem-ral ami nettotis dr hility, br*t&gt;.
 Intis, piilmon.riy aHotn.ii, liver o u&gt;| hull, pss
 dice, ar nte or rbrooie intl.iim iatimi of the k.srh,
 piles, dyspe) sia, general ih btlitr, nenrotis and .piital
 sflrrrtssir, oitlanuoatorv ami tkunK riauwHJdsrn,
 neuralgia, sr i.tln a, lans- limlw, |siralysis, fevers, sal*
 rhrimi, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All |iatients who visit this e.labh.hmeot far
 course of treat me nl, .lanilrl furnish dir*iaeires a ill*
 three eom r ortaMe«, three wor,lieu l Unkets, one
 two linen ami tints- Button sheets, two pdlow nttt,
 six nr eight crush Omr ls, w«*ne well worn horn, t&gt;
 cut f&gt;r f.iur-ntations, an olrl rlnak or mantle, an uaa
 (wetla, ami a pair of slippers.
 Terms Utt treaTiiM iit ami la ard are It M t*
 fN 50 per wrsk, payable weekly—washing extra.
 Patients requiring extra ai tent mu or hr* in their
 rooms, (except h* swathing puiposes,) will fumul*
 tlu-ir own nurse* am! fuel, or pay an extra price.
 D. KLT.t.LEjL
 .Xfrthamptfm, Maich 1848.
 N.B. Visitor* to fhe FsubSishment, from (h*
 east, west, or wmth, cien take the car* of (he Conn.
 Haver Railroad at Bpringhrld. Carnages wilt
 always la- in readme.* at tha Nwrthaaiptou depot, to
 cuarey them hither.
 Ike human Iduod,in a normal and healthy caa
 ililion of the human *ysteai. i* in a positive state,
 which is eoiwtantly maiataiued Im* the Mtivity of the
 general nig eaircrs a iliim—an excess generally |Mt
 ing off in sileare from the cuticular snrfiu r, *o that
 ««U of Kti experiments auwle by Mr. Ilemmcr of
 Fatgland, ufaon the uncovered skin," 322 iadwrated
 the press nee ,4 positive elecuicitv. Thi#
 of the fluid m|km» the *uriac», we Wlmre to he halt*
 pemabfc to the hrakhiai condiiwm of lha wbob
 animal economy, ami that when, from •nj r*me, ia
 is dtmtni*hed or Mutes, dimnnl aetiam tstwt
 See adds***, delivered be ha* tha Mmlirat C«Hm*f
 I' Georgia, at tor opening of aim us I session,
 t. Iftkl, by A. Means, A M.. *I.D.. ProfaMM
 CtMMWMiry ami Pharmacy, and Professor of Phpaiaal
 Scmoce in Lmmy Collofo,
"
