"tgltr** the piWsrery tendeneiw of th&lt;
 chun?t» and the political parties, to to gik
 gold or pamt the lily.
 At allusion wa* made to the tame and can
 Uoun language used by Edward Everett i&lt;
 hi* late Eulogy on John Quincy Adams.w hci
 with hated breath and honied words he sake
 pardon for referring to the subject which ha
 surred the latest .effort of Mr. Adams, an
 spoke as though he was addressing a Bosto
 sudienec of fifteen years ago, saying,
 think no one will take offence when I sat
 that the subject to which Mr. Adams devote
 these noble efforts, was that of Slavery.
 The eulogist did not seem to know that ever
 heart there ached fWr the bold word of af
 proval, that ought to have been uttered b
 him in portraying what the popular mind h»
 so appreciated, as the glory of the departs
 statesman. All there hungered f»r the won
 which the orator lacked courage to pro
 nounce.
 Mr. Phillips made one of h:s best apeevhe
 on the Disunion question, the mam feature:
 of which hate been reported in other paj&lt;ers
 and may probably yet find a place in the Star
 His efforts on the Anti-Slavery platform, wil
 sver be treasured a* a most valuable legae]
 to the cause —a most valuable eflering 01
 Freedom s aiur. It a distinguishing char
 aetensuc of Mr. Phillips, that he is alwayi
 at home on the subject of Anti-slaverv, a:
 indeed on any subject claiming his attention
 his speeches are therefore always well st»rer
 wiih historical illustrations, and classical anc
 pertinent imagery always aeeming to have
 disciplined his mind as by the following sug
 gestion once imparted by him to a young man
 and which may prove of benefit toothers:—
 When you lecture, speak, or advise anothei
 on any subject, try to make yourself firs:
 perfect master of it read all you can find or
 the point; think, and digest vosr thoughts
 clearly beforehand stock your mind so wdi
 with facts and ideas, that you shall never bn
 at a loss what to say, but rather which of the
 many ideas you have gained you will endea
 vor to impress upon the audience. Only
 think how manifestly unjust it is, when two
 or three hundred persons have collected toge
 ther to hear us, to give them only our super
 ficial thoughts, or what we have gathered in
 one or two hours' reading.”
 An audience never tires when Mr. Phillips
 has the platform. Aside from his unrivalled
 eloquence, it may he safely asserted as a
 reason, that his speech, instead of being one
 long prosy argument, is more like a brilliant
 chain of arguments, each link of which car
 ries conviction home to the heart and con
 science of his hearers. And this is the
 way that the masses have been moved. In
 the moment of emergency, the work has
 always been effected by the short appeal 01
 firm resolve each have produced their magic
 results, —far transcending the lengthy har
 angue, which the major part of an audience
 never try to retain on their memories.
 It was remarked of Benjamin Franklin and
 General \Y ashington, that they never spoke
 more than teu minutes at a time, nor to any
 but the main point deciding the question
 at issue. They laid their shoulders to the
 great potato, knowing that live little ones
 would follo wof course. Brevity is as much
 the soul of argument as of wit. Long talks
 may be at times essential; but such instances
 are among the exceptions. The general rule
 hu proved the superiority of a more con
 densed method of appeal. Aphorisms and
 maxims of philosophers, from Socrates down
 to Poor Richard, as also the fables of -rEsop,
 Pha?drus, or La Fontaine, when embodying
 the speaker's idea, have always been words
 fitly spoken, like applies ol gold in pictures
 of silver.”
 A meeting was held at the Belknap Street
 Church, on June 12th, to consider the impris
 onment of colored seamen in Southern ports.
 Several spirited addresses were made, and a
 petition and form of resolutions adopted.
 A commendatory notice of the ISorjli
 Star was also adopted by the meeting.—
 W. C. N.
 The Church and the Slave,
 That the Church is ihe enemy of the toil
 ing bondman, as she is of oilier progressive
 reforms which have an especial bearing mot]
 the interests ot the laboring classes ol tlui
 community, is the sorrow tul conviction it
 which many, alter serious, and often paiufui
 struggles, find themselves at last driven.
 Aoj. mat professing t hristiuns avow any open
 ho*uiity to the slave they generally atfirin
 that they are opposed to slavery, and consuiei
 tb JXiselveS grievously misrepresented, when
 suy one says ol tnein that they are not, in
 tins respect wnai they profess, liuvv and
 winiu do they oppose it I Does the minister
 m the pulpn ever raise his voice lor the dumb,
 and preach me good tidings of deliverance
 iuj the captive Alas, such instances are
 lew and far between. Say they—“ It is an
 exciting subject, and will disturb the harmony
 of tiic church. It will not do to preach
 against slavery. And why will it not do?
 W nut good purpose docs preaching serve, if
 tt tends not to reprove sm and reclaim the
 sinner f And what subjects more necessary
 to be discussed, than those that are the most
 exciting They are exciting only m conse
 quence of their applicability to the minds of
 the hearers. Reforms have always been the
 means of disturbing the harmony of the
 church. From the time of Christ dowu to
 the latest reformer of the present day, thev
 have ail discovered that they must disturb
 this harmony. True, preachers do make
 v ai*ormg assertions of hostility to slavery;
 but rarely do they undertake to defend the
 rights ol the slave, in public or private, unless
 i 1 consent to betake himself, under the
 t of an impracticable and iniquitous
 sehemeofcoluni7j.il...
 nation, to some distant regions
 in Africa. Such 11
 cn miserable exponents of the
 teachings of Christ-....t i
 t»d lus a|H&gt;sties, do more
 to make men infidels, than uii
 ,lun the writings of
 “"T' W «*—U, denounced
 from pulp), u ,!,e lnc. toaUuo u{
 to wicked and unchristian
 Men entertain
 the optmon, that the precept, of Christ,maty
 are directly oppmrnd to all op prtlMMOfl J,
 wrong-doing. But limy find lWc
 the chief places among Christi.,, cominun*
 tiea, whose sympathies are all with the op.
 pretoor and against the oppressed, and they
 com* to the conclusion that their estimate of
 Ghfiatisnity rest, on g false foundation. They
 hava formed a high opinion of the teaching,
 pf Cbrut, and looking to those who call
themselves ambassadors for Christ,** for a
 living expoaitton of his fioctnoe, how disap
 pointed arc they to find, that instead of being
 the fnenda of the poor and the downtrodden,
 they court the association only of the rich
 and the powerful. They look to the church,
 and expect to find tchre exhibited, those pre
 cept* of good-will toward men, which have
 a]«art formed, in thetr estimation, the moat
 beautiful and moat attractire features of the
 Christian svstem, and what do they find 1
 They find an organszai.jo of men who fel
 lowship the slaveholder— who admit to the
 I communion table, on terms of equal brother
 hood, the unblushing apologiat of slavery—
 j who support, as the proper representatives
 of their sentiments,men who are bound heart
 and hand to the atiocitica of slavery and war.
 They look further to the Christian church,
 expecting to hear from its members, as from
 the Founder of the system, the most scorch
 ing denunciations of all injustice and wrong
 and they find the men who are faithful to the
 right, first frowned upon, then excommuni
 cated, then branded as mfidels and atheists.
 It would Ins well for professedly Christian
 I churches to look into this matter a little "nore
 seriously than they have yet done, and bestow
 a little more thought on the hypocritical in
 consistency of professing hostility to slavery,
 and symj»athy for its victims, and at the same
 time lending the sanction of their Christian
 n;une and character to sustain men and parties
 whose principles and practice are diametri
 cally opjjosite to the doctrine of Christ.
 More faith in principle, and Isas reliance
 upon men and organitatnms, are wanted in
 the church, not less than out of it.—j. d.
 Twr a\	 Invention.—The Providence
 Journal suy*, that Mr. H nry Grant, whose
 ingenuity Ins been s trnic*s successfully
 applied to the .iris, haa just completed the in
 vention of a smoke pipe for locomotives. It
 completely obviates the evil which is experi
 enced from the ernolteatid sparks on railroads.
 It is simple and easily applied, and no rail
 road train should be without one.
TO CORRESPONDENIS.
 J. J. C., Toronto.—We are obliged tv prepay
 paper (xjstagc to Canada. You are credited to.\o.
 43.
 J. 8., Darien Centre.—All riijlit.
 C. S. R., Franklin Mills.—We forward speci
 men numijer?, but must adhere to the terms publish
 ed in the Star.
Communications.
Rochester, 0 mo. sth, 1818.
 In the North Star of the 2Gth of sth mo.
 i I observe a communication written by Emm;
 Steer, put porting to be a memorial concerning
 her brother, Israel French, deceased, ii
 i which the writer takes occasion to introduci
 the subject of the difficulties and ultimati
 i separation of the Society of Friends, ii
 (which Elias Hicks was the first mover, an&lt;
 in which, through its whole course, he bor&lt;
 so prominent a part, and which eventualh
 I ended in his disownment, together w ith i
 large number of his followers, by that part o
 the society since called Orthodox. The wri
 ter assumes that his first off.-ncc given to
 society, or at least to his principal accusers,
 was his testimony against slavery. I was
 acquainted with Elias Hicks from very early
 life and from, the time I w as capable of ob
 serving or understanding such things, I al
 ways considered him to be a firm, persevering
 1 and «eousbtem advocate of the slave, and fot
 the colored people generally and the writei
 might have said much njoro 0) eomraendatior
 of his zeal and iabors in that cause, than she
 hasi'ajdj and it would have met in iny mind
 a cordial response. But he was very fai
 1 from standing alone in society in his anti
 slavery principles or feelings; there have
 ‘been many hundreds to that society, for per
 i haps a century or more, that have beer, a;
 i honest and as faithful friends to the slave as
 EJias Iltcks, though, it may be. but few have
 j bad tha opportunity or ability to labor as
 j much and as efficiently in the cause as he
 jdid at least at the time he lived, and was at
 (the most active stage of life. But as to his
 anti-slavery principles, or any measures which
 he pursued under their influence, being his
 first offence to society, or any offence at all,
 I feel warranted in saying, that that reproach
 jeast upon the Society of Friends by the writei
 of the article under review', is entirely ground
 less and incorrect.
 When I first became dissatisfied with some
 ol the d-vtruie* promulgated by E ias Ilicks,
 and for several thereto, I
 did not knew that another individual in society
 was so; and when the controversy, which
 I gradually arose, became general, much was
 said and much was written on the occasion,
 during which I was a close observer of wbal
 passed and in all I ever saw, in print or in
 manuscript, or ever heard in conversation,
 muhing of the kind ever met my eye or my
 ear. But as the writer of the article appears
 to have lived several hundred miles from the
 place where Elias Hicks was treated with and
 disowned, and as a lapse of near twenty
 years has passed since that time, it seems
 to form sonic excuse for her mistake, for such
 I charitably believe it to be.
 CANDOR.
 Toronto, C. W., June 21, 1849.
 Mr. Editor —Sir, I received not long
 since, through the kindness of a friend, a num
 ber of your most excellent paper The
 North Star.” It is a source of no small satis
 faction to me, to learn that a press has been
 established with yourself at its head, the ex
 press object of which, is, to attack slavery
 in all its forms and aspects; advocate Univer
 sal Emancipation exalt the standard of pub
 lic morality promote the moral and intellect
 ual improvement of the colored people and
 hasten the day of freedom to the three mil
 lions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.”
 Sir, it is just the thing we need, I look upon
 the press as the most successful means of in
 forming our opponents, w hat our rights are
 and of evincing a disposition of asserting them,
 fearlessly and manfully, yet legally. It 8 also
 a meaus by which we can refute the base and
 unfounded charge, that colored men are inca
 pable of attaining to the degree of intellectual
 acquirements, like that of white men. You
 are doubtless aware, that the charge (wicked
 aa it is false,) has been ptcferral against us,
 that w e do n t possess minds of the same sus
 ceptibility M those of our opponents. But
 the clearest and most positive proot to the
 contrary, is the passage of laws in certain
sw-v .fK
 State*, prohibiting persons of color from Team
 inf to read. Now* Sir* if the of Uh
 colored man it not susceptible of improve meat
 where I arit, it the are parity of legislature
 enacting law* prohibiting certain persons iron
 doing certain things for which they hare no
 the mind nor the capacity of doing? The an
 swer is obTious. 1 hope Sir, that your papei
 will be made all that you promise—especial ij
 devoted to the promotion of the social, moral
 and political elevation of the colored peo
 ple/* lam happy to learn, that you have
 associated with you, in the editorial deport
 ment, Mr. M. R. Del any, that meat able,
 worthy and indefatigable friend of moral ele
 vation, with whose aid and influence, I feci
 confident in believing that you may rely on
 abundant success.
 ours, for God and Humanity
 J. J. C.
Frutn our own Conctpoo'eni.
 loKßoa, J«»e 9, 1843.
 I find, from ths tenor of several articles ii
 American papers, (received about the date o
 my last,) that your countrymen were in tb
 full expectation that the old conntry” wa
 about to give up monarchy, and all its etcet
 eras, and to begin life anew as a young re
 public. These ideas have doubtless lonj
 since been dissipated. They owe their origii
 to a few trilling incidents which occurrtuj
 contemporaneously with the great and intenai
 distress of the working class, were therefor*
 presumed to result solely from it—an earnes
 outcry for increased political privileges
 the true effect of total depression.
 Late in March last, Charles Cochrane
 Esq., the rejected of Westminster, a man o
 little ability, and no principle, yet of con
 summate effrontery, convened an open ai:
 meeting, to oppose the income tax—all th&lt;
 blackguards and pickpockets in London at
 tended. (I was in, though not of the crowd.]
 The would-be chairman had intimation tha
 the meeting (or rather the place appointed foi
 it) was illegal. Of this and the consequem
 postponement, however, he duly gave notice
 within an hour of the time named. The
 crowd was in a state of fermentation, and
 considered itself scurvily treated. A few
 Chaitists took advantage of its appetite foi
 speechifying, and regaled it with some choice
 specimens of their oratory. These, in num
 ber never exceeding a hundred said their say.
 dissolved their meeting, and quietly wended
 their way homeward. The crowd had paid
 but little attention to them, being intent on
 exhibiting its unwieldy antics by bonneting
 stray policemen— posts and the
 like. In the evening it became more spirited
 and mischievous; the whole neighbothood
 was a scene of tbe utmost disorder mobs ol
 boys, four or five hundred strong, were con
 tinually making frantic rushes along all the
 main streets, smashing lamps, breaking win
 dows, upsetting apple-women, and scrambling
 for the spoil. The police tried, but with little
 effect, to put an end to the saturnalia. Ai
 length the rr.ub became tired, and, of its
 own accord, went home to bed about one 01
 two o'clock in the morning. The police
 thought all was over; they wore never more
 mistaken in their lives. Ly eight o'clock the
 next morning, these very same boys, and
 wretched apologeis for men, (1 hardly believe
 that one in twenty was more than five feet
 high,) were in Trafalgar Square ag|in T play
 ing the same game, assailing the police with
 stones, and totally demolishing the boarding
 that surrounded the Nelson column, all the
 while having no earthly purpose whatever.—
 A good many were taken to the station
 house, where they blubbered profusely, (prob
 ably in lamentation for their poor misgoverned
 country,) that the six or eight silk pocket
 handkerchiefs, most found on each of them,
 were bedewed to saturation. This sounds
 very ridiculous—and so it was; hut this one
 fact was startlingly prominent, that about
 three thousand mere boys were paralyzing the
 trade of half the metropolis, playing the fool
 to their hearts’ content, w ith none to say them
 nay. It was absolutely three days before our
 government was able to assemble sufficient
 force to put an end to this absurd exhibition.
 The Chartists saw this, and that party, long
 unheard of, began to make bona fide physical
 force demonstrations. Meetings were called
 all over the country their orators addressed
 them; half-starved men listened eagerly
 some joined the faction. The soi-disant na
 tional convention cause came prominently
 forth, and every detail of the ridiculous scenes
 enacted in it was duly reported in the pa
 pers, Of every requisite for revolutionary
 leadership, the delegates, with one or two
 exceptions, were utterly devoid. At length
 the tenth of Apnl was fixed as the day for
 the subversion of the Government. President
 Cuffey, (who, by tbe bye, is a mulatto,) was
 to be installed before night fall. When the
 day dawned scarcely any one in Loudon knew
 how it would end. It did end, however.
 The Chartists, by a spasmodic effort, had
 managed to assemble from all parts of the
 country, at the very utmost, fifteen thousand
 men. On the other hand, ten t mes that num- 1
 ber of special constables had, in London and
 its vicinity alone, come forward and sworn to
 uphold the Government. Their great leader,;
 Feargus O'Connor, presented their boasted
 petition. Of the five million seven huudred
 thousand signatures, which he stated were
 appended to it. but one-third were found
 really to exist. Of these, immense num
 bers were unblushing forgeries. That pett- 1
 tion did more harm to the Chartist cause
 than all the counter legislation on the sub
 ject aince the charur had a name. The bulk
 of the middle classes, who before were hesi
 tating, have been reudered decidedly hostile to
 it. While all this was passing off in Eng-1
 land, you may be sure thai the so-caßed Irish;
 Patriots were but little behind their Chartist
 brethren in outrageous braggadocio. At tbe!
 same time that they were imbecile in action 1
 they talked much they did nothing saving
 to manufacture pike-beads.
 The leal friends of Ireland must have be-|
 held with alarm and dismay, the universalj
 discredit into which the mingling of violent
 emptiness and brutal threaten mg, was bring
 ing the popular cause. The national feeling
 this has served to awaken in England, en
 abled the government to pass, with aesreejy 1
 any opposition, a bill, which under other eir
 eomaUooea, would have been fiercely con-
 tested. The first conviction under this new
 set was that of Mitchell. His sentence was
 transportation for fourteen years.
 Now, to speak of tha pragmas of real re
 form ia England, fa—yh Home, at the head
of the radio] opposition b to Wing no a
 motiM cm the flat of Jam, for eaaprcheo
 •rre extension of the suffrage, equal electoral
 1 districts, rote by ballot, and triennial fa lji
 meota. Mr. Cobden will support him. We
 shall sec to what extent the Whigs, ener
 getic when in opposition, so torpid when in
 office, will more to meet the spirit of the
 times. At present in the IIoos?, the Min
 istry are very strong. Mr. Baakes's million,
 involving a censure of the administration, for
 its conduct in reference to the Coart of Spain,
 waa negatived on the night of the sth, almost
 unanimously. Lntd PaJmereton entirely ad* 1
 bered to our ambassador; Sir Ileary Bulwer,
 —the Cabinet to the Foreign Minister—and
 all parties in the House to the Cabinet. I
 hare do time now for foreign news which 1 j
 reserve for the future. S. P. Q. R.
 A History or thi Miiiui Was, oriam
 for the Fe&gt;.plr, »!*&gt;*iog (be rebtioa of the Uni
 ted Slate* Goternmeot to Slavery; by Lqrisc
 Moodt.
 A second edition of litis interesting and
 instructive little work has just been published, i
 It contains a history of the Mexican War, its 1
 origin and objects; and is a very valuable 1
 compilation of facts drawn from various
 sources—chiefly t T S. laws and public docu-'
 raents. It is worth more—much more than!
 its price and an hour cannot be more profit
 xply spent than in its perusal. The following
 is an extract from the prefocc
 Few Americans are aware of the support'
 the despotisms of the Old World Iferive frumj
 the system of slavery existing m this country.
 I A few years ago, the Chartists of England
 and Scotland were shaking the United Ring-'
 I dnm with their agitations in behalf of an ex-|
 'tension of the political franchise. They de
 clared that the. people were capable of self-'
 j government; and demanded that they should;
 have the same rights in the choice of their,
 own legislators as are enjoyed in the United
 j States. And with the Constitution of these
 j States, and their Declaration of Independence*
 in their hands, as exponents of their views, I
 they were doing much for the advaaceineutol|
 their great cause. But they W'-re met by the,
 friends of Monarchy, and the people were told,
 to beware of them. That in the United
 States, whosa institutions wore so much!
 lauded, three millions of the people were)
 SLAVES; that their wives were torn from
 them and sold at publie auction, and their,
 children by the pound and that bad as their
 condition was, the tallest Peer in the realm
 dare not rob them of either wife or child.—
 Th it, though poor, they were not slaves.—
 But the design of these agitators was to make
 them slaves, as their reference to the Amen- 1
 can Government clearly proved.
 An American gentleman, (James N. BufT
 um, of Lynn, Mass.,) while on a tour through i
 Great Britain, in the summer of 1846, visited)
 the Tower of London, and by the payment of!
 a fee was shown the Queen's Jewels, and j
 among other tilings, her crown. While look
 ing at the costly bauble, he was told by the
 lad}' who had it in charge, that the jewels
 with which it was studded cost three millions*
 ■of pounds sterling. Feeling his Republican
 i spirit stir within him, ho said, he thanked
 God he did not live in a country where one,
 woman wore three millions of pounds (11,-
 41)0,000 dollars) on her head, while others!
 i were starving for want of potatoes.’ ‘Well,'!
 said an old sailor who was standing near,!
 j 4 you may thank God for what you please,but)
 I thank him that I do not live in a land where i
 4a H men are born free and equal,’ and three!
 millions are stoves.’
 Li one ot James Brooks’ Letters front;
 Europe,’ he says, that during the reign of
 pro-slavery mabocracv in this country in 1835
 —‘3o, the Emperor of Austria left it optional j
 with some criminals to he sentenced to the
 galleys or banished to the United Stawt. f
 “Were the people of this nation and their j
 institutions really what they profess to be, j
 they would challenge the respect and udmira-.
 tion of the world; instead cf which, their!
 hypocrisy only excites its disgust. And the)
 king-ridden and priest-ridden subjects of Eu
 rope are made to bear their burdens in com
 parative silence, through fear of increasing I
 their miseries in any eliurU to better their j
 condition, by attempting to throw oil’ the des-j
 potism under which they are groaning. They,
 are not now bought and sold like dumb beasts i
 in the market but they are told that millions'
 ol the poor are so disposed of in this country;
 and that such must inevitably be their fate 1
 under a government copied from the L. States
 of America.” j
Wages of Labor in the United States
 The report of the Commissioner of Patent;
 contains an extended tabular statement of tin
 prices paid to farm laborers and to mechanics
 i in the various counties of the dilfereut Statei
 of the Union. The facts thus presentee
 must be interesting to our readers generally
 and we give the substance of them in con
 densed form
 Farm Laborers —Maine, northern parts
 12 to $l5 per momh New Hampshire
 and Vermont, 12 Massachusetts, eastern
 12 to 14—Massachusetts, western, $ll
 New York, mostly $lO, often $l2, veij
 few $8 New Jersey, $l5 and not hoarded;
 Pennsylvania, mostly $lO to $l2 Maryland,
 $3 to $lO per month, 37 to 50 cents per day
 Virginia, southern, $5 per month —north-
 western, $10; North Carolina, northern and
 central, 7 to $8 per month—western, 50 tc
 75 per cents per day South Carolina, west
 ern, $5 per month—northwestern, $0 to SIG
 per month—white laborers Sl3; Georgia,
 north-western, Sis, or 75 cents per day Al
 abama, southern. 30 cents per day—northern,
 25 cents —central, 50 cents Mississippi, col
 ored, 50 cents per day—white, $l2 to $l5
 per month and found—newer pans, 50 cents
 per day; Tennessee, western, $8 to $l3 per
 month— eastern, $lO to $l2; Ohio, mostly
 $lO pier rnouth, rather higher in the southtrn
 parts; Indiana, $9 to $10; Illinois, ceutral
 and southern, 8 to 10—northern, 15 tc
 20 Michigan, very variable, average about
 14 lowa, about $12,50.
 As a general av erage, wages are higher to
 more newly-settled retgons, especially when
 emigration is rapid and enterprise considera
 ble in older country places the wages are
 lower, except near cities, w here they are high,
 In the slaveholding States w ages are consid
 erably lower than elsewhere, with the excep
 tion of the suirar region in Louisiana and
 the more southern, newer and cotton-pro
 ducing portions. To these general remark;
 ib ere are of course exceptions.
 Mechanic* —ln the more northern and east
 ern cities, the daily wages are from one dollai
 to one dollar and twenty-five cents, being
 higher in ertie*. In the more northern slave
 States wage* are not so high. In the newer
 slave States the wage* of mechanics are
 higher, varying from one to two dollars, lo
 the Western States the price 1* generally va
 riable, being from 75 cents to two dollars pet
 day; scarcity in supply tending to advance the
 price; while the tow price ol provisions, and
 consequent higher rates of money, has a con
 trary tendency.
 The effect of the slave system, in cutting
 down the wages of free labor, forcibly if
 lust rated.
 The wages of labor m New Jersey, Penn
 sylvania, New York, and the New England
 States, range from twelve to fifteen dollars a
 month in Maryland, from eight to ten; in
 North Carolina trorn seven to eight; in South
 Carolina and Virginia they average five dob
 fin n month.
 On an average, then, comparing the ea*ern
 and noo-tlavefevidiag State*, leaving Georgia
 out of the oumpanaon,) we find that the wa
 ge* of labor average one-half leas to the latter
 than the former. It weU for the laboring
 man, for those everywhere who work for wa
 ges, to powder these fasts- TVy have nftw
1
 bees toM that atomy »their worst foemr—
 that it dishonors labor, and drire* them oat
 «f empHnrawt—bat hero are facta stated
 which demonstrate to whet extent, m a pecu
 niary sense, the system of stare labor injure*
 them. It cuts down their wanes.
 Now, what is the demand made by the
 slave p»wer 1 That free territory, acquired
 from Mexico, shall be into stare,
 holding territory; in other words, that a few
 skreholduig capitalists, for the sake, net of
 pronoun? the interests of tbetr slave*, but of
 augmenting their two profits; wrung from
 unrequited tabor, alkali lie permitted to intro
 duce into oon-staveholding territory a system
 which cuts down one-half of the wages of
 those free laborers, whom it does not utterly
 exclaJe. —Christum Citizrn.
Free Soil Mass Convention in Ohio.
 Columbus, June 23,1843.
 Toe free territory Miss Content on, held
 here yesterday, adjourned last night
 There were 400 delegates present, who
 adopted a strong address and resolutions in
 favor of hailing a national convention at
 Buffalo, on the Bth ef August next, for the
 purpose of Dominating a candidate for the
 Presidency and to nominate electoral tickets.
 Sic. They formed a determination to no*
 minate no man for Governor, unless he was
 pledged to sustain their views, and to support
 only Wilmot proviso men as candidates for
 Congress and for the Legislature.— Bjst.Btt.
Free Soil Meeting ia Cincinnati.
 A great Public Meeting wan held in Cin
 cinnati on the evening of the 14th inst, 44 to
 vindicate the great principle of Free Soil and
 Free Labor.” Lot E. Brewster presided.—
 The nominations of the Baltimore and Phila
 delphia Netioual Convention were both repu
 diated, and the following resolutions (among
 others) adopted
 Resolved, That wc cannot support the nom
 inations for the Presidency and Viee-Presi
 denev, made by the Baltimore Convention of
 the Democratic party, or the Philadelphia
 Convention of the Whig party, and will not
 support them.
 Resolved, That in miking this declaration,
 we do not propose to sunder permanent] v our
 political party connections exist
 ing; but, believing that the will of the peo
 ple of the Free States, deman ling the exclu-
 sion of Slavery from National territories, has'
 not h *en at all expressed by the Baltimore
 and Philadelphia Conventions, we do propose
 to act together as the party of the people,
 until that will shall find expression and obe
 dience in the National Executive, and the
 Nat'onal Legislature.
 Resolved, That we earnestly hope that the
 Convention of the Democracy of New York,
 about to assemble at Utica m that State, and
 the People's Convention of Ohio, about tq
 assemble at Columbus in this State, will corn
 a National Convention to assemble at some 1
 convenient place July in next, to nominate j
 candidates for the Presidency and Viee*Presi-;
 dency, worthy of the support of the Friends.
 of Freedom and Free Territory.
 Resolved, That we recognize as valid that
 interpretation of the doctrine of Free Soil,
 which not only excludes Slavery from
 National Territories, but assures to every*
 actual settler, a reasonable portion of thej
 National Domain in free, and without price,;
 as a permanent home for himself and child*]
 rei;; and we fully believe that an intelligent,
 and industrious yeomanry, such as would be
 created by the adopting this liberal policy, 1
 would prove in every emergency, the surest
 safeguard and defence of Free Institutions.
 Resolved, That while France, Ireland,!
 Germany and Italy and other nations of Eu-j
 rope are moving for Freedom, amid the hopesi
 and prayers of a sympathizing would, it illy
 becomes the Country of Washington, Jeffer-.
 son and Franklin to assume the part of tjjrj]
 propagandist of Slavery, and so far as our I
 efforts and suffrages can go they shall not be!
 wanting to w ipe off that slam from the Agae-j
 rican name.
 The meeting was addressed bv James W. 1
 Taylor (F-diiorof the Signal,) Henry Starr,i
 Mr. Hailttr, Samuel Lewis and George
 Headley, Jr. The first-named was chosen a
 delegate to the State Convention of the Free
 Soil Democtacy of this State, which meets
 at Utica on the 1
Martinique and Guadaloupe.
 Do not the scenes now enacting in Martin
 ique and Guadaloupe convey a warning to us
 ;as a people 1 The two racc3 of whites and
 blacks are set in at ray, and direful and mur
 derous ihus far has been the conflict. Arc
 our own slaves perfectly patient under their
 bonds? Are there not hotheaded men who
 preach, whenever and however they can
 reach them, the doctrines of resistance to the I
 authority of the master, and the duty of mur- 1
 dering him that ne (the slave) may be free?!
 Can these things go on for years and not;
 bring about a state of things similar to that'
 which now prevails inMartinque and Guada- 1
 loupe? It appears to us that titey cannot, and 1
 that it would be wisdom on our part to take
 such measures as arc feasible, to mitigate the!
 evils, or do away with slavery altogether. All
 over the continent of Europe, as well as inj
 the West Indies, a i car of races 19 going on,
 and we cannot expect that the negro race of!
 this countty will torever remain quiet. The|
 spirit of rebellion, freedom, or whatever anv
 one chooses 10 call it, will, sooner or later,'
 arouse them to action, and the evil hour is!
 unquestionably hastened on bv the mad fana-l
 ticism of those who are crying out ibr iro-j
 mediate emancipation.
 The horrid murders and butcheries which i
 have taken place in Martinique, are, in
 evidence, of the wisdom of immediate and 1
 unconditional emancipation; The fine spun
 theories of the French Provisional Govern
 ment may now bo read in the bloody deeds
 committed by the servile population of the!
 French We»t India possessions. Boston
 Bee. i
State of Wisconsin.
 Resolution for Free Territory.
 Whereas, Slavery is an evil of the first
 magnitude, morally and politically, and what
 ever may be the consequences, u is our duty
 to prohibit its extension in all cases where
 such prohibition is allowed by the Constitu
 tion: Therefore.
 Be it Resolved, by the Senate and Assemb
 ly of the State of Wisconsin, That the intro
 duction of slavery into this country is to be
 deeply deplored that its extension ought to
 he prohibited by every eonsuiuuoaj barrier
 within the power of Congress; that m the
 admission of new territory into the Coion,
 there ought to be an inhibitory provision
 against* its introduction, unless clearly and
 unequivocally admitted by the Coristitntiofl—
 inasmuch as in all cases of doubtful construc
 tion, the rights of man and the cause of Liber
 ty ought to prevail.
 Resolved, That our Senator* in Congress
 He and they are hereby instructed, and our
 Representative* are requested to use their in
 fluence *o insert info the organic act for tiie
 government of any new territory already ac
 quired or hereafter to hi acquired, that is now
 tree, an ordinance forever prohibiting the in
 troduction of slavery or in voluntary servitude
 into sard territory, except as punishment
 for crime, of which the party shall have baen
 dulv convicted according to law.
 Resolved, Tbit Hi* Excellency, the Gov
 ernor, is hereby requested immediately to
 forward a copy of the foregoing raeolotiow to
 each of our .Senator* and Representatives, to
 be by them laid before Congress.
 InlxsD Cowxacx.—There are employed
 on the eanals in the state of New York, over
 30.000 men, 7000 boys sad 4000 women,
 making 41,000 psvwm*.
 Auxivdu Duma* bee taken the Drury
 lane Theatre, Lortdoa, and intends opening
 there with a dramatic corps from a Theatre*
 he hvs la Paris.
Move Lara.—Tbf low* State Gazette
 learns iht* order* hare been given fcr tbe im
 mediate removal of the Wiaaebagece to their
 borne north of the St. Peter Hirer.
 There are some three thousand ludiaos to be 1
 rt'tawred They will take with them 400 or
 srfl he cattk for subsuAei.ee on their
 march. It is alao estimated that 300 teams
 most be employed. Tbe extent of country
 which will thus be added to the aeuletreru
 of luwi. is about 40 miles wide, and ISO
 nuks lung.
 $5OO roa License to bk Fata. —The co
 lored girl recently abducted from Downing
 town, ra., has hinl her freedom purchased of
 the man who claimed her, and who has
 agreed to make her as free as G&lt;hl did. ta
 consideration of the sum of **K) paid in
 hand. Men and women buying themselves,
 a. d being bought, is a thing of so common
 occurrence in tins country, that we hardly
 know whether it is worth while to notice an
 individual case.— A. S. Bugk.
 Phonograph I.—There are fifteen thous
 and parsons in Great Britain who cun read
 and use Phonography with facility.
 Address of Anti-Slavery Women of West
 ern New York.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 1 duty we owe to God and our follow beings,
 the Anti-Slavery women of KocflPater feei
 constrained to continue to persevere in tlieir
 i efforts for the oppressed and suffering bond
 men who still remain tolling unrequited in the
 I Southern prison house. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 is their labor wrested from them unremunma
 ted not only do they sutler from intense hun
 ger and cold not only arc the females, out
 sisters, subjected to the cruel and passionate
 i outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 seers but there are daily instances of sun
 dering the dearest ties in nature, thus sepa
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better—can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 ish as slavery It would lie unreasonable,
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit.*’ Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionately
 invite the co-operation of the citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. Wc ask them
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember,
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those w ho are
 in prison, and concludes by the forcible asser
 tion, “In;ismueh as ye have done it tooneofthe
 least of these, my brethren, ye have done it
 unto me.” We feci assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and are careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live fur the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time to their own per
 sonal ease—all who feel bound to improve the
 precious time allotted to them here, bv puv
 moting as much as possible the cause of truth
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever
 the demon of slavery from our land arid in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should be a light to the
 world.”
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy causa. The
 Christian’s influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the aid of men and
 of women we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 merchant. We ask all and every ond to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare*
 either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blessings with which they ware endowed
 by our Creator.
 For this abject* we propore holding a Faft
 in December next. We ask the females In
 the adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come 4 fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, but in convincing the public mind of
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 i and thus be helpers in hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Saraii D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. Hallowell, do.
 Mart H. Hallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Bunns, do,
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.'
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbcb, do.
 Hilda Anthony, do.
 Khoda Dk Gakmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braithwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 .jl Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty,; Farmington.
 Maria Wilbtr, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Ebther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintock, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackistyre, Darien.
Commercial.
Rochester. June 29, 184?.
 The market has beta very quiet during the we. k,
 and prices remain generally without change. Gene*
 see Flour has sold in stnail lots at £sB7|,but»i:h.
 ia the past two or three days it cannot be (quoted at
 over £5 S 3.
 2990 bus Genesee Wheat was taken yesterday at
 £1 25, about two cents lower than the quotations of
 last wreck.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 Fl.Ol'R ssd MEAL—Doty 20 p e ad vaf
 Hour,. ft W
 Coen meal, p bush 56
 PROVISIONS—Duty; IWLFort.Hams, Bacon,
 Butter an«l Lard, 20 ife; 30 f r ral
 Pork, (mess) 10 SO
 Do. ia hog 5 00 5 23
 Brt-f, ml. 459 a 5 lei
 I)o. bU. (arms) 709 &lt;m 8
 Lard (tried) lb 8
 Do. (leaf,) ft
 Hants, (smoked) 7 H.. 8
 Shmlkri, do 5 e,,
 Tsriini f A 8
 Clucksi 8
 Potatoes, huh. ..62
 GRAIX—Duty; 2ft f e ad ral
 Wheat, hash 1 22
 ...40C..44
 *r on
 *7 49
 HI DEB-—Duty; ipcsii ral
 Slaughter 4
 e-sir t
 SknrpPek* 75 1 Oft
 eiLLDh— Duty Land 10 ip e; Mustard 20 V
 e ad ral
 florar 475
 Zr*l 1»m 2 50
 n “"ir??itj”"*** 20 c
 Codfateewt i IS
 St'-A DKILB—
 phwh .ft
 Do. dnad M ftft
 Lffs.pdw ft
 h-h n# in
 Hay. too Ift M ff ftO
 Hard woad lift ft t N
 W wpod. T 2*B
Sl&amp;Btrtisnncnts.
JOB PRINTUC.
 r TH« NORTH STAR OffHf, fin*;,*#-!
 X wit's artr 6 Tj ft*, for til* tw'Wrß uf #v#«y
 description uTf-'fii'j &lt;*at»fc** «ul u* atca,
 at rhr Util price* St cult, vi;
 Itanrf-tnlli, ItilLSeaAf,
 Frograiainea, Clrmhtrv,
 Pampbklt, Card-*, Laieia, kc.
 NEW FIB I*l CATION*.
 WILL DE READY IN 4 FEW DA Yd.
 *V Wum'j Armt. «Ai Ul*f
 hi* life by llrn*y f t «rart.
 Afc*». Gan* it's Sir****ftht fVi
 l»rf Tnis address was tv w» Na
 tional CflftVMrttfMi a* Ri*&gt;fo k&gt; 1n43. TV e.N|ia»i
 u small, and the*# *bo jr M rc ctuimiJ da *«U ia
 to***' in uicir orders v*t)y.
 J* H Bl ISHYfi, a t-r-frtre r-nt'rlrd Tat
 ra*T A*n| Rr»tATrnx» s r*if*ai,rTU*C'et«it.
 li* K ‘ck. Wt Wnr* tranot
 iat T«*ji, A. U«*« t
 April 1?, S:n.
 I t. thr /V'/.-c./'-sn* ft, A. V. f&gt; H fa If
 The anti slavery offic n i&gt;u read-
 LAG ROOM. No. 25, BufSrk, T.*
 Room ia neatl, turni»V 1. ami the W*» tilitd sh
 mine nf (h* b*~st A"ii-S*!ivm, T(*nif«wxt. K»i&gt;-
 g*x». Political an&gt;i Lrinary i ap«ni.
 I N A »?S. A IW OK the urr of freder
 r,j BOL'ULASS. written bi biwaelf. to U
 bad at ibis after-, i*xv »j r„ta.
 notice.
 THE Copartnership be-r« rx.nti- l-#»w,c u
 CLARK 4k Df NCOMK!,. w*, uxKaalh a»-
 aobred on the 1.l of Apt d, ISW. 1
 A. CLARK,
 C. Dt NCOMBE.
 Rochester, Jane l,
 J TNR. CLARK, still continue* at V&gt;. Bft Smith’s
 U Arcade. Bufl .I* Street. Dr. vtvmld in
 form tlw* citizens of Reclxstcf and surrowndit-f rm»»-
 I try, that he k##p» a good ass atmeat of Thomsonian
 and other Rotnirir Medx in#*, ncatk ;&gt;«t up with di
 recti.m* for lan ily use also l.*r stale Dr Thumsou’a
 New Materia Mcdica. 'i ills TaL.'aLle work rbvukl
 lie owned by c\civ ltsi tilkmcr and family in the
 land.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, IS4S. u’.

 BOOKS, &amp;r.. Ft* .Sale at tlie AnTHSiiTrt r
 Orrir i St KtaDuto Room, No. 25 Bui:**
 Second Story opposite the Arcade:
 Narrative ol lieicritk Douglas*,
 f Jonathan Walker,
 i Portrait
 I Spooner n Unconstitulionalitv of Sluvctt.
 AA Phillip* reply to do.
 l.egion of Liberty.
 bliocry illustrated l’\ its effect on AA otnr.n.
 Also a rich variety of Fancy and useful uitialoa
 made by the Ladies’Anti-Slavn&gt; Society
 A' u- in the Press,
 i TRintTE ICR Tin: XCCRO.
 I 8&gt;:I N' 0 A VISDK ITION OF THE MORAL, »TRL
 LFCTI'AL A 51) RHUUIOIJt l' \P A HIM rt ES Oh
 j THE COLORED PORTION oV MANKIND,
 TT il’l particular rtftrcnrt tv t.'.e .f/Wrat* race,
 J Illustnited bv nuineiou. antlicntic facts, Hi. graphical
 Sketclies, l’estiuionies of Traveling, ftc.
 Tbc motives which have actuated the ruthor in
 preparing tlie alv&gt;vr-mei t'one# wo|k, arc solely a
 desire to interest and enlighten the pul Fic mituL ou
 a subject intimately coonecti-d w itli thr happiness or
 misery of a large fho thin of tlie human family-; anJ
 by a rtlatkui of faisg and testimonies, which uo
 assertions can annul, to remove a cl. cf ly-rootcd pr P
 judire, existing in the mm.is ot inaiiv, respecting tlie
 African race.
 It is an important question whether the Nerro is
 ronstitutionally. and tln-ref.&gt;*-e inferior
 ro tlie white man, in the ir iod. IMurli
 of the future wellare of race deperwlg on
 the answer which o\j&gt;e, lacis will furnish
 to this question; for not only the va.-t
 population ot Ati ion, but uivw-MM yii. &gt;ns of* the Negro
 race, who tirn I x ated elsewhere, and the whites who
 are becoming mixed w ith lac 1 lac L race, in coontrii's
 where Slavery cxids. or where it l.us existed till
 witliin a recent period. Many persons luive vantur*
 ed upon peremptory decisions on both sides of the
 question; but the m.-joritv nf; -nr to be still unsa tis
 fie*l as to the real csipabilities of the Nt gro race.
 Tiu-ir present actual inferiority in mitnv resiw'i-t^,
 ensuring them a-a whole with the ligiiier colour
 fneiokind. is too evident to be disimted;
 but it must f&gt;p lionie in wbvl thar tliev are n.’t in i
 j fit condition for a fair couqiaj-ison to 1* diawn be
 j twcei' the two. Their present degraded state may
 be easily accounted for by flic rrrr-nnstafirea amidst
 wliieh Negroes have lived', I etli in their own coumrv
 and abroad. Il'u single insmiu e can l,e -uidnred f
 an indivi lual of the African ran exhil itiug a £cui&gt;j*
 which would be considered eminent i„ ririlleeil F.nro
 pean society, we lwv e a pr»x&gt;l'tllat tlwrc is nr&gt; ineom
 patibility between Negro nrunnizuiion and hi-h in
 tellectind power. Bui it is not .me atone, fsit' nia. y
 remarkable rases of this description tlsdarc br.iiight
 forward in the pres-nt volume, which i M (f» t/&gt;-
 u-ariJ.s of 150 BioerujMal shit. h&lt; „f Af\,. wr u
 eftseenJunta, besi tes Facts and Anrithttee, i r stimo.
 nies of Travellers, Missioi.ariis, tlx. wholo
 forming a complete “Tribc tf. for i u». N r.c. no,”
 and exhibiting an u'idonbt.nl refut i.i. u of ihe uii
 fnundetl calumnies which liuie licrn twa|»d..utlie u*-
 lintnn.itc rarr- of Af.i—n, proving ilwm to !x? endowed
 with every eharacterwtie mpittftitling their tiVn{iti
 with the great hijijily r.f Man, a;&gt;d eonsequenffy, t-i
 -titled to. certain io.ihcoal.lc iights, amougst wlii. Ii
 are” life, liberty, and the pmxiftof liappinegf,” any
 infringement nn which is a daring usinpsijon of the
 prerogative an I rnjhorny ol tire Most lli»rh.
 loe woi k wih tx- reodei-d adddnmully mlcreiiing
 by a.v Are nor rmr r. inthodi’i'tor v fofm'
 wi itten pun&gt;o(wly t.,r die occasion, l*y lsrKS.ir.li
 Bartos. Ii will also U- eoiicia d by' toe aihiitiou
 of a U.-aut:fd engiaying, from a painting pmu'iited
 to the Lond'm Mis iomtry s&gt;« rietv, r- pr. seritirg two
 Natives of .Smith Airiest giving L vide are More a
 feek'Ct CuQiiuiltic ol tile i ious.. tit I'ommm..ns. ’l’i»o
 Africans aic giving! vi.leuce, Dr. Phillip is geared
 in the t .regrouiKl, an I J .iis-s K. id, sen. and jun..
 Missionaries from ,South Afiira, are standing, tb«
 latter acting as interpreter. 'I U' Volume will also con
 tain (x.rt.aiis of
 Ul.vo.t; h, the Chief of.” Amistad aptivir*.**
 J lilOK, lirUiinn lii. I of tlie Anak'ss
 i übe.S xitli Africa.
 J. AA I’iJiMotull,# highly ec.teemed Mu., a tes
 ol fits; Gospel, of pure At.:e,ni extroouou.
 r RT.I*EKIf R Dot’r.lass, (hi- fug:tiro slave.
 ni.AOOAH Eaiui v.vo, or(itsTAVß* v a«aa.
 Engraved on steel li} Irrst-n.te Artists. Abo a t tCs
 *i x 1 1. e of the writing offot Aiay L’Ucvef
 TERr., tlx- mark Chiivfof IL.r.ti.
 T oe work will be printed in rhs best tvj e, on tin*
 n;iis' r a s eoiixist of aLom Is-autiful
 ly b sin., in iluth, with a:i ppi&lt; prsstc &lt;kri&lt;-e, loruix
 uig an elegant vohune f,r tis- draw if»i»-r&lt;M:m table.
 AM profits arising trorn its sal.* will be &lt;I. wo ted to
 die Anti-&gt;L*ery t-.m.-e; Vis&lt; vu-au prwr, tosniisrr.**
 er* *3; t.j ci* ~i, iiklvv iditils licKM-M
 ol possessing copies v.iifobfig- by sendh-g heir os
 ders i» AVji.sox Akmust::id, Ucd»; or to tit*
 Nokih Btak Oijme.
 WHEREAS, AA ait Uritoe. fl d Ei EA O
 Ifr uocs, hi* wife, of the City .4 R«. uv*t«a4
 on the fourteenth .lay of July, ia the year of eur
 Lord Idle ihothHtnd eigf*t im.vJrcd and fbrt .f.vr
 Mortgaspxi to f.i KRir KMilH,*
 *./9 f .-.!;»ty, I r -y* .uiitjj to uwu til* of T»u
 H*n Fred and fifty dir# (LIWs, and i-te.iui, r|{ p
 trai t or panel ol i.nul situate in theCify *«f Rrx-I*cs
 ler aforrs.ll I, County of Mo: -oe an.l Hute of New
 T *xrk I o wit, timry-thiffc_ t t fi 1 Gt 4# H
 street, aa I running bark to t!ss ir* r lit# s ~twe w h*b
 mtea-liog to «sJs'«cr Or# Hast KstU „f eerwii
 UofUo 1 u,u port of k 4 1f54.) Towns
 {u&gt; &gt;Ut fLiii-e, known Ua. i 4 *ks
 MixoaPht; -m *lm li the Lo.l fw,. ;nt. *vVd i»
 ihstingutshed a» lot i), U:-e&lt; L.-s Id! and
 I# of saul (Aa*; it bem/Tfc, I. *r h-.H lw
 kx. lorswriy ow.cl bv Xwmh BisseH, J w*tor, and
 Kfe^ r I *iMs..c,n;. tlsr 2lsi.dat of
 March, 1X27 Vf mr C m.ty CiUy
 Lijftat &lt;4 I) vsts.ar pw.se 411.
 Ala... ail that tract or p.*.*-y «4 h»-d, tm da*
 vd) of Kovtx*!. 1, ar.itv i Jlofaoe, ao-j f. lata of
 •A** Y«xk. It wit, thiitT-tbrt* fiei fn.iit 00Gku
 gixv street, »o 5 rtrmi g l«eh to the rear the mn»m
 width, Kite* &gt;endow «tm Wm Lnii. of aft that
 eerutn lot of land i» tUat pa.t ot kx LUyim (&amp;4.)
 u ’Op No. one.of ti,e H or! fb-.i gr, k vowo *A,
 the U*Se-).xiia Hat, m who h the iwrvl herein int.-wl
 •d I« lx is .:.gti n&lt; t.i O, tsi
 hstru Ia IV4 and I *S &lt;*t r..u l Hal; it hrW d
 tit l»if ol lire aaitto k A. La (Twtiv **aisd fry iesiah.
 B.Ssril. J uni-vr, ar«l ron*ey» I J'bvser 'I okHsou,
 on the 21st day of Alan!., \&amp;1. Sr* Corn*-
 Rcor li, Ltfeer &lt;#*fta {t,) tu t*tfoa*4S) of Dem:«^
 It page 471-
 Anil, AV bertas, deCsnii l*s 4* k
 mar* at the luutW* nccwie l by ixrl Mx'rtP-. a**l
 whe-h are eielnwd to an—wit at the tm* i*e it at
 iwbl.ratxxv of 11ms Mtsc*. to mam Updred awl two
 Jallars (t *&gt;2 N*.w tl*'&lt;rßxe, **■&gt;(n s h herrlq
 given, ihai by tuwa U 4 «d saht oeunwl 1,
 the aaid M xtgags, Kfri fr of Us:
 ia auHi ne, mndc mi provi ed, the »!«&gt;ve der ~t
 ed pres* b# wdd »t put ft# a«#tj*g
 or v«*lur at u»e Usrt kUmm, to tha Lily .4 UaHtr*
 tar.an ths tncLUi day JaMsr,»x*r, 4 t
 us ths after no. a of that day.
 SMFFH, Mi rt
 TM lICNTLNfiTXsN.htta,
 Nl’i tr b»oro, 6. v-ii
"
