"To the Editor* North Star:
 &lt;3x:m«*s»:—l* the rewdutioe* leaned si
 the Yearly Anti-Slavery Meeting, held Of
 Sunday, December 19th, m Minerva Hall
 igt| published in the North Star of Jan. ?tb
 there ia one that particularly attract* ray at
 tentwn: not only oa account of ha intnnsu
 importance, hot also on account of a circum
 ounce which occurred at the time. It appear
 as the first resolution which wan offire*
 for the opinion of that meeting, and is a
 follow*:
 Resolved, That in assembling on th» day
 for the purpose of lifting op our voice in be
 half of oai oppressed and plundered felloe
 coonlrynnra, we hot follow m the footrtej* 01
 Him who has said, It ta lawful to do good or
 the Sabbath day."
 That resolution appears to important,
 because if the principle propounded in I**
 earned out, it open* up the v,l e
 slavery, as well as, I had almost said, the
 more important one of practical religion, tho
 if both these question* be pursued to legit--
 mate results, we shall find that they are only
 parts of the same subject. Living as we do,
 in the middle of the 19th century of the Chris
 tian era, i‘ woild *P? firet ‘hn o
 preposterous to offer such a resolution, for the
 acceptance of so enlightened so audience.—
 Hut on the other hand, when w© look around
 tis, and perceive the superb and aristocratic
 establishments, called churches, with then
 stately architecture, their Upfondid ornaments
 and cushioned seats, denoting their relation
 ship to the ritual ordinances of a former dis
 pensation, we adroit at once the appositene**
 of the resolution. The Great Master, at
 whose death the veil of the temj le w as rent,
 and who, as far as He was concerned, with
 drew the veil tliat was spread over all na
 iions,” sufficiently explained his mission, to
 leave no doubt upon the minds of the pure
 and simple-hearted, as to the true meaning and
 intents of His doctrine. But there was then,
 •as now, another class of individuals who
 claimed to bo preeminently the righteous;
 and although he sufficiently unmasked these
 ’hypocritical pretensions of superior purity, and
 denounced them in the plainest and strongest
 terms, we find at the present time the same
 love of outward show, the same attention to
 mere ceremony, the same making clean of
 the outside of the cup and of the platter the
 same paying tithe of taint, and anmse, and
 cummin; otrd sf omitting the w eightier mat
 new of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith
 the same making of hypocritical long prayers
 and sad countenances, and of disfiguring of
 faces, that they may appear unto men to
 fast,"’ instead of the pure and noble ethics
 promulgated by Jesus Christ: Whatsoever
 ye would that men ahould do to you, do yc
 .even so to. them A lthough tlie Mosaic law
 contained the same sublime sentiment, it wai
 jnecessraoly iu a nurre diffoerd form, and scat
 iert d among a variety of other precepts equal
 ly important at that period Ye shall do m
 ■ainrighteoiisness iu Judgment; tliou shalt no
 respect the person of the poor, nor honor th(
 jterson df the miglity, but in righteousness
 .shalt tbeu judge thy neighbor.” Tliou
 ©halt h've thy neighbor as thyself.” Thou
 shah rise up before .the hoary head, and honoj
 .the face of the old man.” u The stranger
 that duelled: vitii you shah be unto you as
 «me bum asn«ng«t ymi.tnd :huu shalt line lrim
 as thyself. These precept* are only so many
 ports of the same principle o'" equity and love
 hut for ‘the time being it was necessary thai
 they should be enshrouded and intenwtven
 .with a variety of outward forms and ceremo
 nies. This circumstance becomes self-evideni
 when w e take into consideration the ignoranl
 and beuighled condition of the surrounding
 cations their superstitition.; their ;idu!atrc us,
 lascivious, and-cruel practices, and withal -the
 general tendency ef fl« unguided passions ol
 ruan to induce him to gratify his sensuality
 and pride, made it necessary to observe strictly
 the outward forms and ceremonies of the law,
 until its inward principles were sufficiently
 engrafted upon the mind of man to prepare
 him for the more sublime doctrines of Jesus.
 It is not, under these circumstances, to he
 wandered at that the inherent ignorance and
 selfishness of our rnee, should induce the
 greatest portion of the Jews, as well as ol
 other nations, to place their chief dependane*
 for their acceptance w ith the Deity upon these
 outward forms and ceremonies. This wai
 (especially the case with the Pharisees at th&lt;
 advent of the Saviour. It appears that thej
 wore garments of a peculiar shape, and band
 ages, with impressive mottoes, or sentences o
 scriptures written upon them: they were it
 the habit of ostentatiously giving alms to tin
 poor, and making long prayers at the corner
 of the streets, that they might lie seen o
 .men,” and also of observing, very minutely
 •every punctilio of th ritual law, as well ai
 the traditions added to it by their over-zealoui
 predecessors. And u bile they made this pa
 rade of the ceremonial and outward forhts o
 religion, assuming that they were so mucl
 more righteous than others, they were guilt\
 of the most grievous oppression and w icked
 ness. \Y e can hardly fail to recognize tin
 wonderful resemblance in the position of tin
 church of the present day to that we havt
 -described above. And w hen we look at th*
 Great Harlot, and all her daughters, and re
 •member that John told us that Anti-Christ w ai
 already in the world, we are impressed wit!
 the necessity of exposing this foul hypocrisy
 thm gaping ut a gnat and swallowing a cam
 v-1.” if Antichrist w as then in the world
 was it not that dependence upon fonns anc
 ceremonies, instead of the righteousness o:
 the taw?” that grasping at the shadow, am
 suffering the substance to escajic, which St
 l aul was cußtiuually combatting (Rom. viu
 Lai. hi. 2 CoL ii. 17.) Supjxise w*
 lUl, &lt;&lt;»r argument’s sake, the dogmas of th(
 T orthodox church to be true: u
 there a
 raan the present day, inaan*
 U U ““(“K Uf o
 .»T!* w Wie
 Wu.,„l J for bn evurL&amp;sl
 Ourth f
 an* Jtapt f-' g P
 an. ibbyW
 I could almost udi to le*, e u
 be answered by those whom u lUm[
 but actions speak louder than wordb. If W(
 follow the couse of this pretendi&gt;d church o
 Christ, from the age of the apo%tle* down
 wards, w© sliaii find ifolpek so deeply mark**
 m Wood, that it has etmed the dete*
ution to every liberal mind m every age. We
 hwt ate* lk*B|Wrti&gt;w pemewiioas of
 the Romish f lusnpb prmfcee her own down-;
 fan, though yet th( thinks the it no tetdme, bfj
 forcing half F.oropc into open infidelity and
 at hewn We hate seen her oWcst daughter,
 the Pnrtcstant Church of Fnflaml, felfowmg
 so closely w her footsteps, until, according to
 •tatisticai writer*, thrse-fouith# of her
 are rather iitfideb or dusoenters, and mssy ofj
 ber wealthiest atoms have hem oWig d to
 seek sun osvlum from her persecutions in this
 land of freedom And what shall we roy
 of this fwndeacrif*, many-headed monster,;
 which has taken to itself the name of tire
 Church of Clirart m/rre America. Are thej
 skirts of her garments free from blood T. I*et
 the present condition of the colored people in j
 this country, and her silence, even in the
 northern states, upon the monair eras sin of
 slavery, answer; while in the southern states
 she is rhe open abettor of the eritne that crime
 which, as my friend DorcL\an truly said, in-'
 eluded all other* in the decalogue. !9uchJ
 gentlemen, are some of th© eircumstauce*
 which rcudcreJ tlic proposing of such a reso
 lution necessary, as appear* at the head of this*
 communication, which, with your permission,
 I will take an opportunity to diaeun in a fu
 ture numlwr.
 1 am, gentlemen, vours,
 RICHARD SULLEY.
srtBCTIOKM.
 WILLIAM LLOYD CARRISOL
 We most sincerely rejoice, as will every
 friend of God and liberty, and as would every,
 fettered bondman in this slavehokling republic,
 could they hear the glad tidings, that health,;
 through a bountiful providence has been re
 stored to William Lloyd Garrison,and that he;
 is again in the field, at the head of his storm-;
 beaten sheet, the Liberator. Seventeen-years I
 of cloudy days and dreary nights have rolled 1
 away, since all alone, with powerful hand
 and dauntless heart he launched his bark upon
 the menacing billows of our pro-slavery public,
 opinion. Under his broad banner of immedi
 ate, unconditional and everlasting emancipa
 tion, many essayed to follow, but like a
 disciple of old, some, alas! too many, havei
 found their fears greater than their faith, and j
 they have sunk to rise no more. Of these
 however, we mean not to speak.
 Garrison is again in the field, and in the’
 thickest of the battle,
 With all the gritty h-giont that troop
 Under the sooty ffag of Slavery."
 May God grant him continued life and'
 health, till he shall see the travail of his noble
 soul—“ w hen the sighing of the poor, and the
 crying of the needy” shall have forever ceased
 throughout our slave cursed land!
 We copy, with ineffable pleasure, his first
 words on resuming his editorial duties j
 In resuming the editorial pen, after so long
 an absence from my post, my first duty is to
 express to my numerous friends, on both sides
 of the Atlantic, the deep gratitude of my heart
 tor the lively solicitude which they manifested
 during my severe illness at the West, and the
 warm congratulations which they have since
 offered on my recovery. Such demonstrations
 of affection and confidence would more than
 counterbalance a century of abuse and perse
 cution on the part of the enemies of God and
 man. The earnest hope that I might survive
 this powerful attack of disease has been based
 on the expectation, that if my life should be
 spared, I would consecrate it anew to the
 cause of suffering humanity—to the overthrow
 of all forms of despotism, whether spiritual or j
 corporeal—to the promotion of peace and lib
 erty throughout the world. That expectation;
 I hope never to disappoint. It shall bo to me
 a trumpet-call to the field of moral conflict,
 inspiriting me to higher and better efforts to
 jkromole the welfare of my race—to reunite
 Jorever the broken ties of human brotherhood.
 It is extremely painful to be impotent in such
 a field, or absent from it, even for an hour.
 How much remains to be done! How swarm
 (the toes of liberty and equality How nu
 merous are their banners, how extended their
 ranks, how malevolent their purposes Over;
 what continent, kingdom, people or tribe, do
 they-not hold mastery? What vigilance and
 determination, what energy and enterprise,
 do they not exhibit! What resources, inven-
 tions, machinations, are theirs! They rule
 with a red of-iron. Though they cause hu
 man blood to flow like water, it does not
 satiate tlieir appetite though they have ob
 tained universal conquest, they sigh for another
 world to subjugate. But—as sure as light is
 more pleasant than darkness, and truth is
 stronger than falsehood—they are yet to he
 put to flight, and their reign of cruelty is to
 terminate. Their weapons are those of the
 cow ard, the suicide, the assassin such can
 not always prosper. Their courage is ouly
 beastly it has no moral quality and in con
 flict with spiritual heroism, it quickly becomes
 pusillanimous. Their power is only an ag
 gregation of self-destructive materials, and
 constantly exposed to spontaneous combustion.
 One brave, disinterested, world-wide spirit,
 whose faith is an eternity of steadfastness,
 and whose love is God-inspired, can carry dis
 may through all their ranks. It is only for
 the sacramental hast of God's elect” to lie
 up and doing, in a spirit worthy of their cause
 and profession, to usher in that glorious day
 when the great human family, now isolated
 and hostile,
 Like kindred drop?, shall mingle into one.”
 Having been so lung out of the conflict,
 some time must elapse liefore I can wear m v
 armor easily, and v igoroualy wield the wea
 pons of Reform. I still feel, both mentally
 and physically, the effects of my recent illness,
 and must proceed in niy labors with much cir
 eunwqiCCtion, lest by too great mental excite
 ment, a relapse ensue, and my last condition
 be worse than the first. Asking the indul
 gence of all w ho feel an interest in the char
 acter of the Liberator, and who desire to see
 it kept a terror to evil doers, and a praise to
 them that do well,” I shall aim to infuse into
 its columns noble thoughts, great sentiments,
 and glorious conceptions, such as the teeming
 mind of awakened Humanity may place with
 in my reach.
 From the Liberty BeU of 1848.
 BIBLEB FOB THE SLAVES.
 by ntEDeaicK douglas*.
 The above a watchword of a recent but
 quite numerous clrss of persons, whose osten-
 KiWe object seems to he, to give Bibles to the
 American Slaves. They proj*ise to induce
 the public to give of their abundance, a large
 sum of money, to be placed in the hands of the
 American Bible Society, to be employed in
 purchasing Bibles and distributing them among
 the slaves. 1b this spparently benevolent and
 Chmtian movement, they desire to unite all
 persons friendly to the long unbruted- and long
 neglected slave. The religious press have al
 ready spoken out in its favor. So full of prom
 we and popularity is thw movement, that many
 of theleadert in church and State ore pressing
 into it; rhflorehas which have all alor g slumbered
 unmoved over the ©rnel wrongs and bittgr
 woes of the slave, which have been as deaf as
 death to every appeal of the fetietud bondman
 for liberty, arc at /art startled from their
heartless stupor by this new art of Bibles fog
 the Stares. Miwhecrs ef rafigi* md foamed
 Doctors of DMnsty, who w«mk) aotfift a finger
 to give the stave to hanedf, ere now engaged
 in the professed work of firing to the Slave the
 Bible. Into this enterprise have been drawn
 same who have been known aa advocates for
 fsnancipatkn.
 One Antt-Stavery Editor, has abandoned
 hw position at the head ef a widrly riveufoting
 Journal, and has gone forth to lecture and so
 licit dooatiocs in its behalf. Even the Ameri
 can Bible Society, which a few years ago per
 emptorily refused to entertain the offensive
 subject, and refused the offer of ten thousand
 dollars, has at last relented if m* repeated,
 ami now condescends to reedre money for this
 object. To be acre we bare had no public
 assurance of this from that society. It is,
 however, generally inferred by the friends ol
 the movement, that they will consent to rerxtVf
 money for this purpose. Now what does all
 this mean f Art the men engaged in this
 movement sane snd if so, can they be honest?
 Do they seriously believe that the American
 slave can receive the Bible Do they believe
 that the American Bible Society cares one
 str w about giving Bibles to the slave Do
 they suppose that slaveholders in open violation
 of their wicked lass, will s’low their slaves
 to have the Bible How do they mean to get
 the Bible among the slaves It cannot go
 itself it must be carried. And who among
 them all, has either the faith or the folly to
 undertake the distribution of Bibles among
 the slaves?
 Then again, of what valu* is the Bible to
 one who mav not read its contents Do they
 intend to send teachers mto the slave States,
 with the Bibles, to teach the slaves to read
 them? Do they believe that on giving the Bible,
 the unfettered slave, will all at once, by some
 miraculous transformation, become a man of
 letters and be able to read the sacred Scriptures 7
 Will they first obtain the slaveholders consent,
 or will they proceed without it And if the
 former, by w hat means will they seek it
 And if the latter, what success du they ex
 pect 1 Upon these pbints, and many others,
 the public ought to be enlightened, before they
 are called upon to give money and influence
 to such an enterprize.
 As a mere indication of the grow ing influ
 ence of anti-slavery sentiment, this movement
 mav he regarded bv the Abolitionists with
 some complacency but as a means of abolish
 ing the slave system of America, it sterns to
 me a sham, a delusion, and a snare, and can
 not be too soon exposed before all the people.
 It is but another illustration of the folly of
 putting new cloth into an old garment, and
 new wine into old bottles.
 The Bible is peculiarly the companion ol
 liberty it belongs to a new order of things
 slavery is of the old and will only be made
 worse by any attempt to mend it with the
 Bible. The Bible is only useful to those
 who can read and practise its contents. Ii
 was given to freemen, and any attempt tc
 give it to the slave must result only in hollow
 mockery.
 Give Bibles to the poor glares! It sound*
 well; it looks well; it wears a religious as
 pect it is a Protestant rebuke to the Pope, and
 seems in harmony w ith the purely evangelical
 character of the great American people. Ii
 may fortell some movement in England tc
 give Bibles to our slaves— and this is very
 dtsirablc. Now admitting (how ever difficull
 it may be to do so) the entire honesty of all
 engaged in this movement —the immediate
 and only effect of their effort must be to turn
 off attention from the main and momentous
 question connected with the slave, and absorl
 energies and money in giving to him the
 Bible, that ought to be used in giving him tc
 himself.
 The slave is property. lie cannot hole
 property. He cannot own a Bible. To give
 him a Bible, is but to give his master a Bible
 The slave is a tiling—and it is the all-corn
 manding duty of the American people t&lt;
 make him a man.
 To demand this in the name of humanity
 and of God, is the solemn duty of every living
 soul. To demand less than this, or anything
 else than this, is to deceive the fettered bond
 man, and to soothe the conscience of the slave'
 holder on the very point where he should b&lt;
 most stung with remorse and shame. Avia;
 with all tampering with such a question
 Away with all trifling with the man in fet
 ters! Give a hungry man a stone, and tel
 him what beautiful houses are made of it
 give ice to a freezing man, and tell him of it:
 good properties in hot weal her; throw
 drowning man a dollar, as a mark of your goo*
 will; but do not mock the bondman in hi
 misery, by giving him a Bible, when he can
 not read it!
 Rochesteb, New York.
 Fr&gt;m the Liberator.
 REVEREND RASCALITY.
 All abolitionists who are old e
 nough to remember the early days o
 the cause, recollect the Rev. Ezra
 Styles Ely, D.D., and his man Am
 brose. If their memory extend a littl*
 farther back, and they had the gooci
 luck to have been brought up in ar
 evangelical school, (a training very
 necessary to the understanding of the
 ins and outs of the anti-slavery cause,
 especially about the elays of the new
 organization,) they know that the saic
 I Doctor w as a burning and a shining
 light, set in a golden candlestick of the
 church, a great revivalist and saver o!
 souls by the wholesale. We remembei
 that at Andover, where, after the most
 straitest sect of our religion we were
 brought up, it used to be said of him
 that he was in the habit of
 I (whether in the pulpit or not we cannol
 say,) and justified himself by the ex
 ample of Whitfield. However, we
 were then, and have been since, as
 long as we were addicted to the vice
 of going to meeting, in the habit ol
 hearing so much more profane lan
 guage in the meeting-house than in the
 street, that we think none the worse ol
 him for that. Had he clothed himaeii
 in no worse garments than curses, it
 would have been the better for him, as
 well as for poor Ambrose and the or
 phan daughter of his friend, ns shall he
 presently related.
 The Doctor, among other eminent
 gifts and graces, possessed in a high
 degree one of the choicest elements of
 modern saintship,—to wit, be was, or
 was reputed to be, vsry rich. For,
 luckily, it is not in these days, as n
 was in the semt-barbarous ones, when
h was said,} that ii was easier lor a
 camel to pass through tho eye of a
 needle, than for a rich man to enter
 the kingdom of heaven. Indeed, the
 turnpikes and travailing expenses
 along the strait and narrow rood are
 so much greater aow than they were
 I then, that nose hot a tolerably teem
 man has much chance of getting there
 at all. But rich as he was, the Doctor
 had the hnmitrty to think that this eras
 j one of the graces of his Christian cha
 racter, which might be increased to
 advantage, and so he plunged into the
 speculations of our Sooth Sea days, in
 1535-6. At that time Providence had
 cast his lot, (we believe we speak the
 language correctly,) for some wise
 purpose, in one of the slave States,
 Tennessee, we believe. It did seem, at
 one time, as if the object Providence
 had in view, in this dispensation, was,
 to show that slaves could be held for
 their own good. For then it was that
 Dr. Ely bought his slave Ambrose,
 from pure motives of humanity, and to
 prevent lum from falling into worse
 i hands. The praise of the Doctor was
 in all the churches: for at that time the
 laboring point with the pro-slavery
 piety of the land was, to show that
 slaveholdiug was not sinful, because
 j slaves might be held for their own
 good.” And here was a case in point.
 Happy Dr. Ely, who was raised up to
 settle this nice point 4b theology for
 ever? Happier Ambrose, who was the
 chosen vessel of this great salvation?
 But, unluckily for the peace of out
 pro-slavery Zion, the bubble burst,
 and the speculators found themselves
 in the suds. It broke, after leading the
 whole people a weary way, as it danced
 with its rainbow' hues before them
 leaving nothing but the empty breatl
 and foul water, of which it was com
 posed. All King Biddle’s puffing onh
 increased its tenuity with its size, anc
 made its bursting the worse, if not th*
 sooner. It was in vain that he saw,
 in clear dream and solemn vision,’
 i the Presidential chair before him, with
 i a ladder of cotton bag 3 leading uf
 i thereunto, and he himself placed there
 j in as the saviour of the south, and st
 of the country. It was a lie and a de
 lusion all. Ruin spread over the
 south as well as over the north, anc
 the United States Bank broke like
 i rotten stick (as it,was) when interposcc
 to check its progress. Among the
 rest, Dr. Ely became bankrupt, ii
 company with many better men, anc
 perhaps, with some no worse than him
 self. His lands, hereditaments anc
 personality, were dispersed under the
 hammer. Among his other chattel:
 personal, household stuff, mules, asses
 and farming utensils, poor Ambrose
 i was sold to the highest bidder, and wa:
 despatched to be grown into cotton oi
 ground into sugar, in Alabama, Louis
 iana, or the Lord knows where. Anc
 thus this beautiful demonstration of the
 curious problem of the holding of slave:
 for their own good was broken off ir
 the middle? Truly, mysterious are th*
 ways of Providence
 But it has lately evolved how it wa:
 that he got the means for carrying oi
 these speculations. It appears, from
 report of a decision in the Court o
 Common Pleas, in Philadelphia, tha
 in 182'2 Dr. Ely was made trusts
 1 under the will of Samuel Carswell, o
 an estate consisting of three huudre:
 shares in the United States Bank, wortl
 about $40,800. After a few months
 he transferred all this property fron
 himself as trustee to himself individually
 In 1835, he borrowed $50,000 on hi
 own private account, of the Bank o
 the United States, pledging these threi
 hundred shares, standing in his ow r i
 name, but rightfully belonging to Mis
 Carswell, (of whom he was the guar
 i| dian, as well as th&lt;#trustee,) as col
 lateral security. At the maturity o
 his indebtedness, in 1837, not beinj
 able to meet it, two hundred and fift;
 of the three hundred shares were sol&lt;
 j to cover it. In 1843, Miss Carswel
 married, and her reverend guardiai
 was called upon to render an accoun
 of his stewardship; whereupon, hi
 proposes to pass over to her, for he
 property which had been sold, twi
 i; hundred and fifty shares of the Unitei
 States Bank, then worth about si.
 I dollars a share they having beei
 wortli about $l3O a share when he by
 them. In other words, hi
 offered to give his ward about $l5Ol
 ifor property for which he had himsel
 received about $32,500. This modes
 1 proposal being declined, and the matte
 h coming before the Orphan’s court,
 decree was entered against Dr. Ely
 for about $50,000, upon which he ap
 plies to the Common Pleas for th&lt;
 benefit of the Insolvent law. Tlv
 fact* of the embezzlement was no
 i denied, but it was contended that i
 having been committed before the law
 I excepting such malefactors from th&lt;
 benefit of the Insolvent act, and sub
 f jecting them to condign punishment
 was passed, he was not affected by it
 —and, further, that a trustee is not
 bailee, agtn*, or depositary, ruentionci
 in the act. The Court decided in th*
 Doctor’s favor, cn the first ground
 I So that he is now white-washed, (s
 1 whited sepulchre,” wc fear he alway
 was,) and is in a condition to tak&lt;
 charge of anybody else’s money, tha
 may be fool enough to* trust him.
 Now we are a little curi »us to kno*
 how this development will affect th*
 "I standing of this holy man in the church
 We sh mid like to know, for instance
 if this reverend rascal, this solerni
 swindler, should come to Boston, as
 minister of the gospel, whether then
 would be a single orth *dox congrega
 tion or other evangelical pulpit closet
 against him on account of its disho
 nesty. We do not think that thm
 would be. We are sure that then
 ought not to be; for we know that there
 is not one (at least of consequence
 enough to be seen,) that would shoJ
 its pulpit doors against him because h«
 cheated poor Ambrose out of his body
 and soul, or if he had done it to five
 hundred like him. It was a sertoun
 thing, no doubt, to Dr. Ely’s ward tc
 find her portion devoured up by a dis
 honest guardian; but it was a muck
 more serious thing to his slave to be
 himself devoured dp bodily. But ii
 the one should excite a transient feel
 ing in the American church universal,
 the other will scarcely stir a holy
 muscle. There are hundreds and thou
 sands of ministers who are continually
 guilty of greeter end worst dishonesty
than Dr. Ely in thia instant*, who are
 •till welcome in all northern mdpita,
 jwudMnntate in all national snrta
 nan conventions, assemblies, and con
 ferences; —worse and greater disho
 nesty, because they rob their victims
 not only of all that they pmwoss or can
 acquire, bat of themselves; and strip
 them nf all hope, of all resistance, oi«
 all redress. We will not. then, be tx&gt;
 severe on the Boston ministers, if, in
 the local canfusion and dissolution of
 common morality which Slavery has
 produced, they should give to Dr. Ely,,
 who comes to them, smacking his lips
 over the portion of the orphan commit
 ted to hiiu, the same right hand of fel-j
 lowship that they extend to the Rever
 end cannibals gorged with human
 tleah, —fed fat with slaves and souk of
 men.”—q.
From Parker’s Letter 8b»«a
 STATISTICS AMD HISTORY OF
 SLAVERY.
 I will first call year attention to th'- history
 and statistics of slavery. Is 1790, th *re were
 but 697,997 slaves ia the Union; ut 1840,;
 2,487,355. At the present day, thsu number
 probably b not for from 3,000,000. In 1720,
 Mr. Gerry estimated their value at $10,000,-
 000; in 1840, Mr. Clay fixed it at $1,200,-
 000,000. They are owsdd by a population
 of perhaps about 300,000 pereoas, and repre
 sented by about 100,000 voters.
 At the time of the Decliration of Indepen
 dence. slavery existed in all the States; it
 gradually receded from the North. In the
 religious colonies of New England' it was
 always unpopular and odious. It was there
 seen and felt to be utterly inconsistent with
 the ideas and spirit of their institutions, their
 churches, and their state itself. After the
 revolution, therefore, it speedily disappeared
 hire perching by default, there abolished by
 statute. Thus it successively disajroeared from
 Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Sew Hamp
 shire, New York, Pennsylvania and New
 Jersey. By the celebrated ordinance of 1787,
 involuntary servitude, except as a punishment,
 after legal conviction of crime, was forever
 prohibited ia the Northwest Territory. Thus
 tha new states, formed in the western paral
 I ds, were, by the action of the federal govern
 meat, at once cut off from that institution.
 Brides, they were mainly settled by men
 from the Eastern States, who had neither
 habits nor principles which favored slavery.
 Thus Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wis
 consin and lowa have been without any legal
 .slaves from the beginning.
 In the South, the character of the people
 was different; their manners, their social and
 political ideas, were unlike those of the North.
 The Southern States were mainly colonies ot
 adventurers, rather than ©stabiishraouts of
 men who for conscience sake fled to the wil
 derness. Less pains were taken with the
 education—intellectual, moral and religious—
 of the people. Religion never held so promi
 nent a place in the consciousness of the mass
 as in the sterner and more austere colonics of
 the North. In the Southern States—New
 Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, the
 Carolines and Georgia—slavery easily found
 i a footing at an early day. It was not at all
 repulsive to the ideas, the institutions and
 habits of Gaorgia and South Carolina. The
 other Southern States protested against it;
 they never.
 Consequences follow causes it is not easy
 to avoid the results of a first principle. The
 Northern States, in all their constitutions and
 social structures, consistently and continually
 tend to democracy—the government of ali,
 for all, and by all; to equality before the state
 and its laws; to moral and political ideas ol
 universal application. In the meantime,
 the Southern States, in their constitutions
 and social structure, as consistently tend to
 •j oligarchy—the government over all, by a few,
 and for the sake of that few; to privilege,
 favoritism and class legislation; to conven
 tional limitations; to the rule of forcb, and in
 equality before the law. In such a state ol
 things, when slavery comes, it is welcome,
 In 1787, South Carolina and Georgia refused
 i to accept the federal constitution, unless the
 right of importing slaves was guaranteed to
 them for twenty years. The new states
 formed in the southern parallels—-Kentucky
 Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi —retaining
 the ideas and habits of their parents, kept als*.
 the institution of slavery.
 At the time of forming the Federal Consti
 tution, some of the Southern statesmen were
 hostile to slavery, and would gladly have gol
 rid of h. Economical considerations prevail
 ed in part, hut political and moral objection?
 to it extended yet more widely. The ordi
 nance of 1787, the work mainly of the same
 rnan’who drafted the Declaration of Indepen
 dence, passed with little opposition. The
 proviso for surrendering fugime slaves came
 from a Northern hand. Subsequently, oppo
 sition to slavery in the North and the South,
 became less. The culture of cotton, the war?
 in Europe creating a demand for ihe produc
 tions of American agriculture, had rendered
 slave labor more valuable. The day of our
 own oppression was more distant and forgot
 ten. So in 1802, when Congress purchased
 from Georgia the western part oi tier territory,
 it was easy f&lt;*r the Smith to extend slavery
 over that virgin soil. In 1803, Louisiana was
 purchased from France then, or in 1804,
 when it was organized into two Te ritories, it
 would have been easy to apply the oidmance
 of 1787, and prevent slavery from extending
 beyond the original thirteen States. Bui
 i though some provisions restricting slavery
 were nude, ihe ideas of that ordinance were
 forgotten. Since that time, five new State-*
 have been formed out of territory acquired
 since the revolution Louisiana, Missouri,
 Arkansas, Florida, Texas, all slave Stales—
 the last two with Constitutions aiming to make
 slavery perpetual. The last of these was
 add: d to the Union on the 22d of December,
 1845, two hundred and twenty-five years after
 the day when the Forefathers first set foot on
 Plymouth Rock; while the sons of the Pil
 grims wete eating and dnoking and making
 marry, the deed of annexation was completed,
 and slavery extended over neatly 400,000
 square miles of new territory, whence the
 seim-barbarous Mexicans had driven it cut.
 Slavery might easily have bsen abolished at
 the tune of the Declaration of Independence.
 Indeed, m 1774, the Continental Congress, in
 t hair celebrated non- importation agreement,
 resolved ircTt-r to import or purchase any slaves
 aforr the last of Docenaber, in that year. In
 1775, they declare in a report’* that it m
 not possible f*»r men who exercise thelf rea
 son to baiteve that the Divine Author of our
 existence intended a part of foe human race to
 hold aa absolute property ia so unbounded
 power over others.” Incited, the Declaration
 itself is a denial of the national right to allow
 the existence of slavery We bold these
 truths to be self-evident, that all men are crea
 ted equal; that they are endowed by their
 Creator with certain unalienable rights; that
 among these are [the right to] life, liberty and
 the pursuit of happiness that to secure these
 .rights Governments are instituted asnoeg men,
 f deriving their just powers from th* consent of
 the governed
 But the original draft of this paper combined
 a modem nation yet more explicit: (tot
 King of England j has waged cruel war agaW
 human mature itself: notating most sacred
 rights of life sad liberty is the persona of s
 distant people who sever offended him; cap
 tivating and carrying than »to slavery. De
 termined to keep open a market where mm
 •bdsU he bought and sold, he has pratsituted
 b» Tjmn for suppressing every legislative
 attempt to prohibit or restrain this execrable
 eommefee* This elans©,says its author;
 himself, was struck not ia ramptisaee to
 South Carolina aad Gaorca, who never at- j
 tempted to restrain the importation of staves,
 and who, ea the contrary. wtahed te cue-,
 trnue it. Oar Northern ririhren »Nv be
!iw, felt a Trttle tahder owfcr tfcew eeanren;
 &lt;i« though tW»tr people ham very Cm stove*
 they bed been pretty ceewd
 'p*e*e were net the *e ntuumts of a single
 wthu*iM.*c vuang Ueptibi.oae. I*. Rush, in
 Cmrnmmul Wim, wished th-&lt; ok&gt;-
 to shrew and eiwow age the
 torn** «f tbe free mb**.**,- Another
 Ajki«h IWrm drtdaved.
 in 1770. M;*a am by natur free \he
 nghi u» be free can never be al- j a&gt;d.” u
 1775, Dr. Ifopkat, the bend of the New
 England divines, derUrrcd tint Slavery is,
 in every insunr, unrighteous, and
 oppressive a very gnat and crying
 In the angles of (.’on federation, adopted in
 1778, no ptuvmsjn is made few tfv support of
 slavery none for the d**ir. ery vf fugitives.
 Slavery is not once referred to in that doru
 rnent. Tb' General Governta'nt had nothing
 to it. If any slave to ihosi
 Ststw whyre slaves are free,” said Mr. Madi
 *w in lie become* emancipated by
 their laws.’’
 [to nc contwvsd.J
MLHC E LL IXEOI S.
 Vs Indian a Free Person of Colo*.—
 It has b.*.u d c«ied ui oue of the C'ourU of
 Charleston, that a person of free Indian des
 cent, untiuxcd with negro blood, is a free
 person of color, and therefore an incompetent
 witness. This decision is in opposition to tlx
 practice uhfc’h has hitherto obtained in tht:
 eourts of South Carolina; free Indians and the
 descendants of free Indians, in aauly with Ur-
 State, having been always regarded as cc-tu
 petent witnesses of the supenar courts.
 Min cn.it. Dts^ovcrt.— An extraordinary
 mineral, pronounced by geolog.s’s to be part
 trrpob, has been discovered in this country,
 and is now being manufactured by a compnnv
 formed for that purpose. For cleaning ihe
 surface of glass, or removing the oxide from
 to tals, it is certainly without an equal.
 Windows can be cleansed with tins article
 with one half llie labor that is required with
 water, and the work is done much more
 effectually.
 Chinese Physician. —The Spadsb gov
 ernment have r.rcentlv imported into Havanas
 some 500 expatriated Cuinese, to work as
 negroes. Among them is a physician who
 judges of disease solely by the pulse. Such
 is said to be the practice of the family in the
 central flowery land,” they feeling the puls*
 j in the temporal artery, in the wrist and ankle
 The governor of Cuba gave him a license ft
 i practice, and he has been doing an minions*
 j business. Every one pays f 2 win) evei
 enters his house, and on some days he take?
 1 nearly $£K)O.
 Afraid to Learn. —lt is related that Ga
 lileo, who invented the telescope with whirl
 he observed%he satellites of Jupiter, invtiet
 1 a man who was opposed to him to look throng I
 it. that he might, observe Jupiter's moons
 The man positively refused, saying, “If
 should see them, how could I maintain mi
 opinions which 1 have advanced against youi
 philosophy?”
 This is the case with many; they will no
 hoar truth, for fear that the arguments whicl
 (they have framed will be destroyed, and the)
 i may be obliged to give up their vicious indul
 gences.
 A Word. —Say not a word you had better
 leave unsaid. A word is a little thing, we
 know, but it has stirred up a world of strife,
 i Suppressing a word has saved many a cha
 rocter —many a life. A word unultered, ami
 Hamilton would have lived the pride of hi;
 country. Who can tell the good or bat
 effects of a single word? He careful wha
 you say. Think before you speak, and yoi
 will never lie mortified with yourself, or causi
 i a thrill of pain to flash through the heart of;
 friend. —Albany Kmck&lt; rbochcr.
 Negro Ambassadors at the Court oi
 France.— Messrs. Ardonia and Delia, mci
 of color, presented to Louis Philippe, tin
 f| the King of the French, on the I‘Jth October
 letters accrediting them as envoys extraordin
 ary and ministers plenipotentiary of the repub
 lie of J lay ti to France, for the exchange o
 ratification of the convention of 15th Ms;
 last.
PONT AND lIJ.IS, Dealers in Ifengs, .Vfedi
 fines, Chemicals, Dye Stuffs, Paint*, Varnish
 Oil*, frlacswure, Brushes, Pcrfitmery, Ihigwrrcotvpi
 St&gt;x-k, Freiali and German CIH-mirnil*, Aitist*
 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, Etherial Oil, Got
 Leaf and Foil, itf. fee.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Famil
 and valuable: Patent Medicim-s, and receiving tin
 samcdiieetK from the Manufacturer* of their Agents
 tla-v arc enabled to supply all orders at wholes*k
 and retail, cm tlie most favorable terms.
 IlonKcopathie Bocks, Medicines, and Famifi
 Case*, with full directions. Ouiy agents for West
 em New York.
 Also, Sherwood's Vibratory Magnetic Maehiru
 with directions.
 Phosgene Ga*; also Etlieriul Oil and Lamps, fin
 Imr.nng die same. Tlmre wis* w&gt;mld consult eco
 nomy and conveisfenre are invited to examine die**
 fotrnps. The atfa'iiti.ni of Country Me reliant*, Phv
 sicians, Families, an l irth*-r», wi«hing girfels in tfi*
 ab.it tine, is requested at the APOTIIECAKIEri’
 HALJ., 4, Excireoge Stri ct.
 UNIVERSE COOKING STOVfX
 f T'HE Niil’scrily-rs arc maiHtfactarfag this invaluabk
 A Cooking Stove, dexig-K-i fur C*jal or Wow!
 warranted to excel any other stove ever invented
 an i constructed strictly upon philosophical pi mcipfe.-i
 Tin- Oven iiealed by is,t air, (the only h&lt;&gt;t gir over
 ever pa rented,) anl warranted to hake as well a,
 any lirfek oven. For sale only by tlie undersigued
 wholesale ami retail, 34, Exchange Street.
 11. BLBH fe CO.
OffEX MORRIS’ CITE BINDERY,
 CHOIR TUI RCMC1 —Ut« MsHt* fit H'iKKII.
 MR. MORRIS in Uj*- employ of Mr. Mur rut
 M'.r» tm uT&lt;n years, *r*d dtar.n* that tiro*
 procured t*r him three H»irer Medal*, C# the be*i
 specimen* of Uooh biudw»", •'X.hrbtte'i at the Me
 chanic*’ Fairs hr-i i in lids city and Rtdfa h.
 (ieatlsiien’i l.tl/rartf fitted up and repaired
 Manic Fairer nde-‘; M«i»»c and Ptriodk *l* tamn-l
 and finished to any Battel a. Jiianh Aenaat Botiu
 (Mfltted at this establishment hart* fciven unc(|ii*l]«&lt;j
 ®iTi*i.*ftk*n. I y their dnreMlrty afei eleyssare, Herat
 attention always pai i to the cytadrty of |««|-aer aard,
 to rc rater (hear e&gt;,aal to the Levi i* be I. ruled Skates
 or fJinae imported.
 I-Jtdn-s’ Hemp and Guard Book*, ASami a&lt;*f
 Foctiidm*, in aB their rnrkties, Maimfsctwad t&gt;.
 cr-ef ia the beat style.
 Kauk*. l.'Wt.lWimit, Societidf, fir., may lie
 arwured of wo* k bear? done on the most a: vantag on*
 term*.
 iietjtieinan residing at a dwtance, ty paekuN( aad
 forwarding »ouw&lt; to tire aWra iiiintioe*, ftatiaf
 pri e and style, may rely «pm their being weft bond
 on U* moat We-«-*ble leras, aJeo earefntty and
 |re.e-twt)liriretarded.
 .&gt;.B. The fr opuetor ha* spared no expense in
 fetin? op dat evubltsltnmaf, and intro-Vi?.* into
 Western ke# York tto latest imcvovamtasla is
 Book radio?.
 OWE* MORRIS,
 City Bindery, aader the Mtn 1 as.
MSTOS ABI EmSEMEVTS.
CLARKSO S.
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 4 FEW eW. sf CIaRKSON’B HISIOHY
 A OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory reswadt* «s the sutuennent
 ■Mmm n 4 Slavery: a heafaifal ImAtm edfafere,
 wfas a Asm Paswast ot fa* Awfaor, 6um m stefay—a
 btnfe which ewakl not he import I fix less thorn three
 drdfare, rem he had at 21. Cm fe.dk ,f emptied (br
 uuaredwteti at the very lorn ufarefOsi IfeUtß,
 caeti. Alee, Ut LOOII M ON CLAKtUftON. by
 A(.t&amp;a*i**B Ciemu l tt the reduced prw* fe
 twelve aad a half emo.
ROBERT MORRIS, f» Attotwy and CW
 XV irihr sa Law, Bnun'i Bmtewu. me then.
JOSEPH H. TURPIN wfei farm fa etaamfae
 of has feiaafa apfe fee ifefe t* tits WOC/Kfo
 WAN GALLERY, JW. MB. //«*—r
 Ik pLdfm kmmXmomum* Mfafatvt* *V+
 Hfe flakit.fefa «*t N Htofarats toqms se retires
 far pr wmw
MACON b. au. EN. Atm* wvfCemmdbwfa
 M Law, Mameefametts Bkii.
BOYS* CLOTHING.
 SAWITL WILPON. 14, Brattle Bm, hwrieg
 bo&gt; 11 SI mhlitkm* U studl, is prepared tm
 faro **h BOYS' fUfflil.Xti, «4 w put awtry
 aad it, and At a* cheap ffim, tftuUi eNunN fa
 the city.
NEW ENGLAND SfXDND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 n», SR. notion
 foH.N W RIGHT keep* cowslantiy kaai
 *1 (rt«( tarirO of &lt;W Seemed IW CUOi^j.
 «w*r «f»R kfafe. «erb «dd cfolhra, W. I. g «C»,
 W H.. 4» and Stine*. Ac exchanged far ere*
 ckAhiag. Cadi atnanri mil kmmb of pdf,
 u, one Wire! Joßeis.
fOltN U. REYALEQN. Haw Ceuwg Sfawm.
 van Perfomety Eaqwwae, 114, BfacKite— 1.
YOKE lim it USEMEVTS.
Dr. J. XTCVNE SMITH, Worn Biofa
 •M.
 T J*NNk\G.«*. It*, North
 A Hr ju mat.
 pitiLlP A. Wlliri..|hg K!rt 7e^rfF^.
 1 brl aaJ UoU Street.
 TVTILLIAJf 8. POWELL. Sfafoe*. IW.
 It Cherry Street.
 XT'ILLIAM RICH, ilaix liming Rub mg
 'I Sakxm, Troy II &lt;«se, Tr»y, New York.
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 I' HE undersigned, gratefully the credit
 frjcroealv anftfal by a d.&gt; -eruieg public to hie
 eucct** i* a 'Hydropathic Tract it u«aer. would re#*
 I'ertiulhr infotin the friersfe of Hydreyathy, that hie
 ectxblisnnwnt is pfeaxaatty siiuait&lt;i war lienroaviiie,
 on tiic west Lack of the Licking Wster, or Mill
 River, about two ar»d tun m let from the centre
 of tiic town. It s thirty-six by wvcoty feet; three
 stories high, with a piaxra on the aouth ai.’e. There
 are separate pttilora, bathing and dressing rooms, fie
 ladies ami gentlemen. There are also twenty lodging
 rooms, each of which is mil ventilate*! am! con*
 venfentlv furnished for the acccmiuudativm of two
 person?* Among the variety of baths in the esta*
 biiaUmcnt arc. tne plunge, 'douche. drencher, and
 spray baths. The ladies’ plunge u »ix by ten feet,
 tinee aiul a half deep; the gentlemen’s, ei*Ul by
 twelve, tlucc an-! a lull' deep. Tliere are also tm*
 cold tlilucltes, oik- of «Inch a itualcd a mih*. ami th«
 ctlh'r Inlf a mile from tin* establishment. Thu femier
 liH' a fall of twenty-two feet, tiic latter eighteen.
 The scenery in this vicinity is picturesque and
 romantic. Tliere arc a variety of pice.ant walk*
 pa*»mg near a-ai to '•prints ot pure water. The
 walks are aaflicieitttyr retiied to alk w aatev-cure
 patients to appear a* they sbtulJ, ai !y dresset!,
 enpnin" tiieir rambU,**. widu nt t*ii g expi red U
 public gaxe or observation. Since daily cXj cifence,
 for tin-list tint* year*, lias strei’RthcncU Ins of nifen,
 that tne condition U die skin clearly indicates tiw
 character of many discasce, and tlie or ia-ddrfy
 of a i invalid to bear tlw water treatment in it*
 »an- »»s forma also die necessity of applying the
 Jrv wi ollcn llanktt, or tiic act sheet, to promote
 iir a sweat, wlien either may be neec»*
 d liom icsult* which have attetafe*! his apt b«
 lation ol the treatment, lie lie.itatcs not to say, that
 tiic ftfitnc sympt &gt;tn of dm skin in icatrs ttfcbty or
 rrmrr, and dial an invalid, wh* skin is not attended
 with tins svin| t hi, cannot l&gt;e safely or succcssfn'ly
 treated witfi water. Among tlie couij Lints winch
 .ire Imie successfully trente are pulmonary afTeetk.p,
 fiver complaints, jaundice, acute or riironic inttuin
 mation of the bowels, pile*, dyspepsia, general de
 bility, nervous and spinal affections, inflaiuinattry
 or chronic rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica, lame
 limbs, paralysis, Icvei-s, salt rheum, scrofulous and
 ensiiwlas humors.
 All patients who visit this citablisirmcnt for a
 course of treatment, shotikl furnish tlienrselves wills
 three comfortables, direc woollen blankets, one linen
 and three cotton sheets, two pillow' cases, six crush
 t iwi Is, some well worn linen, to cut for fomentations,
 an ok! doak or mantle, and a syringe.*
 Terms for treatment ami board arc €5 60 per
 week,for those who occupy rooms on tire third floor;
 on the first and second floois, £6 00 per week,
 payable weekly; washing extra. A patient, who,
 from choice or necessity, occupies a loom alone, oa
 the durd floor, will pay 00 per week on the
 first ami second floors, £8 50 per week. Invalids
 who are so feeble as to 01**!] extra oitentw&gt;n ami fna
 in their rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) Witt
 procure tiieir own muses and fuel, or pay an cxtM
 price.
 I&gt;. 11UG0LF3.
 Northampton, Aup. IS 17.
 N.R. Tin; afllicted, desirous of being examinsd is
 regard to their complaints, and of ascertaining ths
 adaptetlness of tie* waler-cure in tiieir particular
 case, hhoulJ call on rucs&lt;iays and Fridays.
 Tlris imtiumciit may lx* obtained at the ssta
 blishmcut.
 TITILLIAM B LfKMN, Ifealer in Eashionall*
 tV Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 BcdCsnl.
 W. 11. L. keeps constantly on ham) a good assort
 moot, and will sell cheap for cash. Stin*t attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. I’alker mad
 lhivn.
 IIfAMHINtiTON’M Ihigderrbn fialfery, 138,
 V? .Main Street, Kellogg’s Buildings, Hartford,
 j Connecticut.
 f pilE N ATiON AI, ERA 7 Washington City,
 1 District of Columbia. 0-Bailey, Editor; John
 fj. Whittier, Corrcs|toiniiiig Editor. 1.. I*. Noble,
 Publfehw.
 The leading purpose of this j rnrnsl is, th* dis
 cussion of the question *»f Slavery, and the advocacy
 of tlie main principles of tlie Ldicily Party. Hue
 attention ie given to Social «nd Political questions
 of g. -ieral iwpstwm nor are the interests of a
 pure Literature overkerked.
 It aims to preserve a faithful record of imj» rtant
 events; of inventions or iliseoverie* affei ting th*
 progiC** of society of public document* of (arrntt
 nrnt vatia-; an:!, during tiic sessions of t’ongrss#, to
 jnsmt such repi/tts of its proceedings, M will con
 vey a correct idea not only of its action, 1-ut of its
 spirit aiul j^dicy. Tlw df-latc* on the exciting sub
 jerts of yiavcty ais! tlie Mexican War, expected 0*
 arise in t!s&lt; ti"Xt t'ongress, will occupy a large tliars
 of its eoluiuns.
 AiTangeuaiits liave lees mule far extending xml
 enriching It* alrtarly vajnabfe dcpai tiucnt of hoar*
 i awl foreign eorresfsjiulence.
 Ii is firinted on a mammoth sheet, &lt;4 d-e driest
 quality, i.i tiic best style, at fctt a year, jmyatAt in
 tulronrt.
 'He g-n-rc.tis spirit in which the f'ra hs*
 weW'osfted hy tlie puldtc press, ami the very literal
 patronage it has received during this, tlie first year
 !of its existei *ce, encourages us Ut lerpe for largl
 accessions lu o«r si.i-sci rption hst.
 It is tiesuable that »u! wcripiioos be foreran lei
 withe,vt delay, so that tJjry may be entered before
 the pr&lt;*acUiutf Conge***.
 All cuouMNaiutMu adiln-wnl in
 I. P NOBLE,
 J ttUuhsr of thr X tanal a, f).C. s
 f rilE DAILY AM# MEEKLY CTIRONO-
 J TYPE. E»Jite !by Ehruv M right. I iddishei
 by White, Potter it tt r’At, 15, Plate Slrsrt,
 Boston, Terse! f*o»ly, ti.YK I &gt;T, «j-h rum.*
 bit. F'* any rail f.,rwrar&lt;*»l to the ptd-lishrrs free
 ■»f expe».*e, t/ay wi’l semi Itse ;~*[er at that isle uil
 tne itfotiey is rxhaesle*!. YVerkly, Two Hollars a
 year in advxaer, ot for any skater lime at (he sure*
 rale. For five doiWs, three will Le i«ut for
 orsr vesr.
 Tii* pwMt ttiM female in tht fluest style »f
 te«qw«r typ*grs|hy. It w feltjewiroi &lt;4 dl
 sects, parties, aaJ r bques, OJ|f|jii| fie*!y tie
 vfesrs of its e itet am! of suih nsrrqtsksrts u U
 ihink* proper to w’tmt, o® all s M »iti of 1 aruus
 interest.
 It advoeate* ecpaMPr of human tights, (ad thm
 dtr liti-n of ihytt, tin 4 ugh bed reform, cheap
 pcstags, ai«4*4srhce ftosn irUrxmating t m hs, ti«
 cu.,rion of Unrtttmmm mo, feoui uses to repair th*
 famstfe t dtbAing, a reform in wntfeg sal »[ell
 t#f the Ewflfeh tmrnmmft, the rfohtv* of e*j rtd
 (suosi.me a, sMtnwl and kindly tolciats m reli
 gion, life and heaith ic—rmwr, wr***t-'»we, walut
 mew’s ftftttrtfee gntone, aim all «thev f'nviu
 fe-osn of wswrebtem itt tautuni a. ’—awl pcsitN,
 JflMpßMfa
 It slse, give* ii* news Srem xtt pans »fc» c&lt;*n
 try in the mtM emw’ewsai and intefligdAt
 Its EscMsaor. List u already veiy Wgr—«&lt;*
 Wge *k»t it w id I* «ei«M*.i tmij on f*s'**"»
 the faster rppr&gt;tM| tie rvdtftt *d* keep tb»
 afc.se Prwsperti** stars-tfe-g is t*» ewfame*.
 Am eumtr* met when *&gt;.l keep fee
 it* C'Auasui, and farms# ottm dar s* ll owfwnsnt
 m-» »«f id* »ksMi, by fes ssf othrrune.
 of its nffat ptbirrlvn, «h»H
 Doily t* *xc»w fee and
 kavoouetest w ,r-A»ano i|jK p L tw ERa
 BosSow, Hfft. t, ISfh
 THE DELAWARE ABOUT lON lytT"
 PAPER of fae atfcve mm wiltkcMfllmUd ia
 A WiJharsfton, by the Uhvm hMiSUrtrj
 hfatt* h vdl be ttltiod by a Cnunttrs, and wifi
 *e p*Wfeh«d on a half uwdiwm sheet, at twmrtydfa*
 Mays ytsr.crfa tssttydcwambia Itwilih*
 ievwscd to fa OsJnwws, and will ad
 •ocas* &lt;u a-eoesmltshnaft hy a 3 awful wmm It
 *»I W psUwhdi aasrn AKtttldy, U mom fa*.
"
