"Ohio datef*«fo«, the privilege to apeak, for
 the eery and ostensible reason, that he was
 aware that their choice of candidates was
 Judge McLean, Hon. Thor. Corwin, or some
 athcr Northern man with Anti-Slavery feel*
 jngi; hence, the determination to prevent
 the name of such a person from corning before
 the Convention. After repeated attempts to
 •peak, without success, the Southerners all
 haring done, ears Mr. Vaughan, and the
 President being nominated, a Southern dele*
 gate rose .n his place and obaerved, The
 Northern members can now nominate the
 Vice President; the South don't want all
 the officers and this, said the speaker, was
 said with such an air of conscious generosity
 on the part of the Southern delegate, that he
 wan gracious to hia inferiors, that O f «aid
 he, I only wish that every freeman in Ohio
 could have been there to hear him, and I have
 no fears but every one would immediately
 have denounced all the old parties, and never
 more favor a Southern nomination.”
 Another speaker said, Wo we for the
 liberties of the whole Amecican people,with
 out distinction. ‘Liberty, Equality, fra
 ternity,' is our watchword.”
 Mr. Hamlin, Whig ex-member of Con
 gress, and also Mr. Vance, were quite ami
 ilavcrv in their definitions but Mr. Briggs,
 a prominent Whig of Cleveland, one who so
 assiduously labored for the elevation of Henry
 Clay to the Chief Magistracy of this nation,
 was particularly and unreservedly explicit in
 giving utterance to his sentiments, and what
 lie conceived to be genuine Republican, W big
 •nd Democratic principles.
 44 It was intended,” said Mr. Briggs, by
 our forefathers, that this country should be
 the home of the children of every country
 and cl me under heaven. They tell us that
 the negro is inferior give the slave a chance,
 give the black an equal chance with the
 white man, and he will be all that the white
 man is. lam in favor of universal education,
 and the universal equality of all mankind,
 and with these principle* we will march un
 der a white flag, with a single Llack stripe in j
 it, which shall represent the American
 slate.”
 Thaw and similar remarks were received
 with rapiuious applause. Mr. Briggs was 1
 most happy in his remarks, and made a dear
 aod dwtiu* exhibit of those principles of Re
 publican jdytlaailiropy, as the basis upon which
 shouM twt rise superstructure of every free
 and enhtgbiejuttd government.
 Altogether, this was a cheering and hope
 ful event for the downtrodden and oppressed
 «f our land, a ray of light beaming upon the
 difficult pathway of the half million nominally
 free colored residentoof the U. S. in general,
 and on those of Ohio in particular. I know not
 whether it «ras the effect of policy or the ab
 ftfcace **f proper feeling towards tliem; but it
 is a fact worthy of remark, that all the sym
 pathy expressed or manifested for the colored
 people by the speakers, emanated from the
 Win" and Democratic members, and save
 C* f
 Messrs. Chase, and perhaps Hull, none from
 the Liberty party delegates.
 I cannot cnuoteuiace and tolerate in Liberty
 men that wkiek l hive ever condemned in the
 oIJ conservative parties tail shall say here,
 as I have and shall ever say elsewhere, that I
 hope that our Liberty party brethren may
 never lose sight of the fundaments! aad pri-
 raarv object of their party, at least of Anti
 slaverv organizations; because so soon as
 they become conservative, they cease to be
 the friends of the oppiessed, and, like the
 other parties, stand as despots and tyrants,
 resting in very indifference, with their horrible
 weight upon crushed and outraged humanity.
 I earnestly entreat our Liberty brethren, in
 their deliberations, to think and say more
 about the slave and the condition of the free
 colored people. If these be discarded —if, as
 1 have heard it asserted, these form no essen
 tial part of the Liberty party —if, indeed,
 these form not the foundation upon which
 rests the Liberty temple—then let it, with the
 other parties, be scattered to the four winds
 of heaven, and by every colored person loath
 ed as a monster in disguise, like the “Liberty
 boys” of seventy-six, only requiring power
 to carry their designs into execution. But
 we must, and shall hope and believe differ
 ently, until the contrary be fully proven and
 ithen, and not till then, shall we lift up the
 Ibattle-axe in vindictive warfaie against it.—
 ißut our friends, if they desire our co-o[&gt;era
 ition or approbation, must not forget or neg
 llect our interest. This is imperative. We
 lhave been duped and cajoled now quite suff
 icient.
 The Liberty Convention met on Thursday,
 frit 22d, immediately subsequent to the ad
 jsmament of the Independent Convention,
 itwkuig the usual course in such conventions,
 Ibut deferred the gubernatorial nomination un
 til the views of the Whig and Democratic
 nominees—Ford and Weller —were obtained
 oa the subject of slavery and free territory.—
 If favorable, a Liberty nomination may not
 be made; if to the contrary, the Liberty
 Central or Executive Committee have the
 pow-er, who certainly will, in such on event,
 nominate a Liberty candidate for Governor of
 Oiuo. At this Convention, great speeches
 ware alno made, Mr. Samuel Lewis making
 one-of hi* greatest and best efforts. He is a
 gteat speaker*—ttern, resolute and determined
 w i&gt; rtupe too inflexible in general, but in
 tkis Conventional considered his course quite
 deliberative.
 FmU* evening the 23d, held a meeting
 in the Methodist Church, among the colored
 crt»en*, and •obtained come subscribers. My
 very worthy and talented friend, Charles H.
 Langston, Usuicd rue on ibis* a* well as sub
 sequent occasions.
 Monday evening the 26th, held a meeting
 M Meckamcsburg, a smi Vlilag(&gt; in (lf j
 mistake rot; Champaign county. Thu meet
 ing was wcH attended, although I arrwed at
 SUBSet, without previous notice one-hah’ af
 the assembly eomusUng of ladies. In
 place, M x. Wilson, the school-teacher, is sole
 owner of the school-ham*, which u erected
 on his land, for the double purpose of achool
 kouss g«d sou-slavery meetings, previous to
 wtiich s house could not be obtained for the
 purpose. The little anti-slavery spirit which
 pervade* this community, like the |jm P
 leaven/* has almost 4 ‘leeveried the whole
 Imp.”
 Wednesday the 38th.—This evening, after
 sunset, 1 arrived in s smell village of between
 foot sod fiv* hundred inhabitants, (rolled Mar-
 Millem On entering the street, 1 found s
 of persons, who, from their appear
 taoe, feolted a* though they were among the
principal men of the place, 11 pitching quoits* 1
 in the centre of the principal street. As soon
 as F was discovered, they suspended then
 sport, alt, or nearly so, to the hotel at which
 I slopped, as usual in those country places
 Went, being attracted there by the novelty of
 strangers, yet apprehended nothing more then
 usual in such cases. I was soon, in a polite
 manner, questioned by the proprietor of the
 hotel, whom I found to he a Liberty man,
 who, suspecting our mission, and who had
 attended the recent Columbus Convention,
 and withal a very clever man. Finding who
 I was, and learning my miesioo, a meeting
 was immediately proposed by this gentleman,
 1 whose name, neglecting to note down, 1 have
 since forgotten.
 Consultation being had with several per
 sons, especially one person pretending to be
 an abolitionist, who sat in the room with us,
 making many inquiries about Douglass, Gar
 rison and Reroond, arrangements were effect
 ed, and a meeting determined upon. The
 house being lighted, in a few minutes, as it
 was now- dark, Mr. Langston and I went off
 to the place of meeting, the school house.—
 On passing along the streets, the side-ways
 were strung along with young men, lads and
 boys, among whom were those who were the
 most eager for the meeting, aad had lighted
 up the house, who, as we passed, scoffed and
 used disrespectful language, falling in the
 train immediately behind us and close to oui
 heels, until we entered the arhool-houate,
 which we found empty, with the exception of
 some three or four respectable-looking men,
 who appealed as if they came for the sake of
 the meeting. We had barely entered the
 house, w heu they came pouring in, boys and
 men, to the number of perhaps forty or fifty,
 looking ready and eager for any and every
 mischief. To this, however, I make the ex
 ception of about half a doaen gentlemen,
 among w hom are included our host of the
 hotel, and a book-binder, who sojourned at the
 same house. When on our way to the school
 house, I turned back for a copy of the paper,
 Mr. Langston slopping by the wayside to
 wait for me, w ho being so light in color, that
 many of them mistook him to be what is
 called white” hence, he had a favorable
 opportunity to hear their schemes and lan
 guage concerning us. On my return to Mr.
 Langston, he immediately related to me what
 he had heard, peremptorily refusing, in con
 sequence of the disrespectful spirit manifested
 and the conduct of ilie persons present, to
 speak at all on the occasion.
 1 rose up, and in a respectful manner de
 clined to speak under the circumstances.—
 The house, it is true, was quiet, and may
 have, for aught I know, remained so until 1
 had finished a long diseouse, at least, until
 some position was taken which displeased
 them, when, from what really followed, it
 would not then be difficult to determine the
 consequence. The host of the hotel, and one
 other gentleman, whose motives, there is no
 doubt, were the best, hoped that I would give
 them a lecture, they having no idea of the
 cause of my refusal. Ins tauter, a man rose
 up, the identical person who had previously,
 Judas-like, manifested at the hotel such
 friendly feelings, and observed “I move that
 we adjourn, by considering this a darkey bur
 lesque Tills was but food for the rabble
 all leaving the bouse, with a loud shput of
 darkey burlesque!” and this repeated con
 tinually, with many other epithets of dispar
 agement, until we reached the hotel.
 But nothing less than a mob would satisfy
 these craven wretches. They bad come to
 the meeting with the full intention, and were
 now ready to destroy us, by the aid of any
 hand that would administer to their wrath
 and second their vengeance. The more
 effectually to accomplish their object, a brass
 drum, tamborine, clarionet, violin, jaw-bone
 of a horse, castanets, and a number of other
 instruments, or whatever would lend to excite
 and rally a formidable mob, did these misera
 ble outlaws resort to.
 The crowd, which consisted well nigh ol
 all the men and boys in the neighborhood,who
 were able to throw a brickbat, being now as.
 sembled, the tar and feathers” w ere de
 j inanded, with a tone which told forcibly the
 determination with which they intended carry
 ing out their threats. A tar barrel was pro
 cured, and after many yelps and howls whief
 rent the air around, they succeeded, in tht
 the course of some twenty minutes, in staving
 in the head. But it appeared that this barre
 had been too closely diained of its contents
 and as the village was but small, theTe Trai
 i none other in the place, as the barrel wai
 I obtained from the principal store, directly op
 posite the hotel, which place was the genera
 head-quarters of the rowdies for the night.—
 Failing to find tar suffc-ent in w Inch to sat
 urate us, they resorted to another expedient,
 which they were certain would Lave th(
 desired effect.
 A torch was brought, an 1 the tar barrel set
 in a flame, when store boxes were piled upon
 it, which produced a fire that must have beer
 seen several miles around. The fire was
 built in the middle of the street, directly 6p
 posite tire hotel in which we staid. Ther
 came the cry, Burn them alive .'-—kill Uk
 niggers!—they shall never leave this place!—
 bring them out!—rush in and take them
 (Which is their room? Niggers! come out
 or we will Imrn down the house over youi
 heads A consultation was lu Id, the resuli
 of which was, that they would rush into oui
 room, drag us out, tic and haad-cuff us, anc
 take us immediately to the South and sell us
 i declaring that I would bring fifteen hundrec
 dollars, cash Turning to a blacksmith it
 I the crowd, they asked him whether he wouk
 make the hand -cuffs,” he, slave like, an
 swered, “ye*, any moment/’ This, I would
 'observe, was the language of men, and no
 'of lad* and boys, who formed no inconsidera
 ble part of thi* gang ol row die*. Our porotKx
 was such that we could look dow n upon them
 i reconnoitre their every movement, and beai
 all that was said. This position we occupiec
 1 w uh a* much coolness and deliberation ai
 though nothing was transpiring below, full]
 I determined not to leave it ouly with the km
 'of our life. We had dooe nothing worthy oi
 such uwtMDt, aad therefore, under no cm
 cuinstances, could cobnut to personal»toleoc*
 My friends may canonra me—even both of u
 —for this, but wt cannot help it. 'Weareaot
 •laves, nor will we tamely suffer the ties*
 merit of slaves, let H Come from a high or low
 •source, or from wherever k may.
 Then came the moat horrible bowling sad
 yeibuf ,OMMf and blasphemy, every draper
 a jyi ywr fwimvaaklMl m
 B ,n ft wprcufnfm, 9*gTmfßs ui N 8
epithet that could he cornerved hy the moat
 vitiated imagination*, which bedlam yf shock
 ing discord was kept up from nine until one
 o’clock at night. There is an tongue can
 express nor mind conceive the terrible uproar
 and ferocious blackguardism of this night’s
 proceedings- Hallooing, cursing, and swear
 ing, black guardian*—Urn roaring of drams,
 besting of tamborine*, binwing of instrument*
 and boras, the rsttHag of hones, amnshisg of
 store boxes and bonds for the few—all going
 os at once sad the same time, tneeaeamlv for
 the space of four hours, by fir exceediogmy
 thing of a similar nature which I have ever
 witnessed. If all pandemonium had been
 let loose,” and every imp had been a demon,
 each demon possessing a thousand tongues,
 each tongue capable of uttering a thousand
 demoniac bowls, it could not have increased
 the infernal tormoil of this sight’s proceed
 ing*. The wretches, not pnssesaing courage
 sufficient to dreg us by fores into the street,
 where to execute, ia the midst of their assem
 bled hundreds, their hellish designs, conceived
 the plot of disfiguring and disabling our hone,
 and breaking the buggy to pieees. Two or
 gentlemen, who overhearing their {dot,
 cautiously secreted the horse and buggy in
 the barn of a neighbor, which prevented this
 nefarious scheme from being put into execu
 tion. I would observe, that during aU*this
 midnight outrage, the proprietor of the hotel
 acted like a man, and 1 have no doubt but his
 influence contributed much, in the morning,
 toward bringing them to a sober reflection.
 The mob eventually concluded,after rioting
 around the hotel until past one o’clock, having
 burnt, m all probability, all the spare store
 boxes, to retire until morning; but not, how
 ever, without giving strict instructions to the
 ostler boy, who slept ia the bar-room of the
 hotel, that should w e in the night attempt to
 flee, to give the storekeeper near the hotel
 speedy notice,w ho war to call up hist roop by
 the beating of the brass drum, as they,likethe
 forty Jews against Paul, declared that they
 would neither eat nor drink until they look
 our lives; and be this remembered, it was not
 for anything that had been said, but simply
 for what we did not say. We gave them no
 pretext for a mob, but to have one they were
 determined.
 In the morning early, there were six only
 of them on the ground, among them a store
 keeper, as I learned, who howled and yelped
 as we left the hotel, two of whom secreted
 themselves in a shed, and stoned us, striking
 the horse and buggy, fortunately without in
 jury to either. I have no doubt had they not
 feared the consequences, and probably from
 their blackguardism the night previous, been
 ashamed to he seen, though early in the
 morning, and identified, but they would have
 endeavored, at least, to do us some serious
 injury. Those who were present threatened
 us in the name cf the tow n, that should eithei
 of us pass that way ogam our doom was
 fixed. Unfortunately, 1 could not learn the
 name of one of these insufferable villains.—
 We left this place unharmed, and even un
 frighleoed, as we were reconciled as to the
 course we should pursue.
 Wc arrived in Sandusky City on Friday
 evening the 30th iust., and shall proceed from
 hete to Detroit city, where there is now a very
 interesting slave case pending before the U.
 S. Court, Judges McLean and Wilkins. 1
 shall report you concerting this case from
 Detroit.
 Tours, for God and Humanity,
 M. R. D.
 Errata. In my second letter from Cincin
 nati, the compositor has committed several
 errors. In the notice cf the price of bed
 steads at Mr, Boyd's establishment, instead
 of from $8 to $1,25, it should read, from
 eight to one hundred and twenty-five dollars
 apiece.
 In the notice of the Orphan Asylum, for
 hook, read Bath department. There are
 several others of minor importance. D.
The last of the Creeks. —The steamer
 Amaranth brought to Mobile, forty-eight
 Creek Indians, the last remnant in Alabama,
 of that once powerful and warlike nation.
 They were on their way to join their brothers
 west of the Mississippi.
Indian Murder.— We learn, that a man
 known here as Pat Muaphy,” was killed
 and scalped by the Indians, a few days since,
 somewhere on the Maquoketa River, lowa.
 —Galena Jeffersonian.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 M. P., KenUct Square.—The Star will be vent
 as directed.
 A. K., Maiodville.—Received.
 N. J. 8., Conquest, N.Y.—Credited.
 W. C. T. Poit Byron.—Must refer you to the
 terms of subscription on first page.
 W. S. D., Darien.—Credited fur one year.
&amp;e rctgn Nctos.
Telegraphic Despatch.
 SEVEN DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE.
 New York, July 12—9 A. M.
 The Steamer Niagara arrived at Boston this
 morning, and brings 7 days later news from
 Europe.
 Awful insurrection in Paris. The Streets
 of the city have been made rivers of Mood
 After four days and fomr nights of eontifraed
 fighting,- tbe insurgents were put down.
 Ten thousand men wefe tilled,and seventy
 five thousand wounded.
 The Republicans wefe finally triumphant.
 They tried (o stop the fight on Saturday
 night. Tbe red flag was hoisted, and the
 fighting raged with redoubled fury. On Sun
 day, the President of tbe Assembly announced
 that the insurgents were pot down.
 On Monday some of the insurgents surren
 dered, hot many fled or were shot. Fifty
 generals vvSre' hilled or wOmkM star fifty
 of the National Assembly.
 A large porportion of tbe mAurgenls—afteT
 their disconffiture —took refuge on the Pen
 La^Cbases, hut were soon drives thence.
 Tbe outbreak began by the working nan
 of the city on Thursday the 9tt of Juts.
 Barricades were made and dm National
 Guards called oef Friday. Tbe insurgents
 get possession of the right batik of tbe Seine,
 and all the rfnfeflf oh left. At thif time
 the Hotel dc TUtt was threatened by large
 numbers of tbe and the artillery was
 brought against them 1 and opened their firs.
 On Saturday, P«k was declared m a state
 of siege, mod Gen. CoVifnac put in supreme
 P °o« T Bwadaf, the flght opefted ftniohsiy, and
 mu—id tins whole day with horrible etiK
 nage. The i— My betmjmd ns atinfl fil
 this fngbt&amp;l eendttisn,
Oar readers may aura re! for themselves, if
 they cm, from the ftOowing extracts, the
 tsofletf web &lt;4 party paikks. The old sad
 new parties are getting mixed ip inglorious
 confusion. The resefr is every day becoming
 more and more problematical.
 MoraresTt or Buneuta tv Mam
 urttirm.—la sdditioa W* the statements
 that the Norfolk Democrat and Bnstol (V
 Democrat, hare taken down the Cass flag,
 it is rumored that a third Demoeiatie paper is
 Middlesex county, is about to advocate the
 cause of Van Bureo. The Van Barest men
 of Massachusetts, are also about to move in
 the matter of a Convention to nominate an
 electoral ticket. The Pittsfield Eagle, states
 that a caff was circulated at Lenox on
 Thursday, for a Bsrebaoers Mam Meeting is
 Berkshire. It was signed by many of the in
 fluential members of the iecofoco party.”—
 Boston Trans.
 Ohio is in one blase against tbs Thy lor
 nomination. His prospects in that great
 State are hopelessly dark. The Whig stock
 jobbers who nominated the Philadelphia can
 didates, will get such a rebuke from the peo
 ple, that it will be the last political fraud they
 will dare to attempt. Ex.
 Mabtin Van Boxen.-—The Washington
 Union declares that Martin Van Boren, by
 favoring the free soil nominations, has leaped
 into a current, and 44 will sink to rise no
 more.” It also declares that Gen. Dodge
 will scout the nomination for Vies-President.
 Mr. Dodge has taken his seat as Senator
 from Wisconsin.
 Wilmot a Barnburner.— We learn on
 good authority, that the Hon. David Wilmot,
 of the Bradford District, in this State, intends
 soon to take ground in support of Mr. Van
 Buren for the Presidency, and that he will
 head the Free Soil Democracy in this State.
 When it is recollected thst Mr. Wilmot’s
 District gave Mr. Polk in 1844 about 2,300
 majority, and the great influence of that gen
 tleman with his constituents, and indeed, in
 all the Northern part of the State, is consid
 ered, it will be seen that his coarse must have
 a very important bearing upon the Presiden- J
 tial question, and tend to render Gen. Taylor’s
 success in this commonwealth certain.—Pitts
 burg Gaz.
 The New York Evening Post, says:—
 The Dissatisfaction among the Whigs.
 We learn, on unquestionable authority, that
 after the adjournment of the Whig n ruinating
 Convention, on Friday evening, at Philadel
 phia, the dissatisfaction was so great at the
 overbearance of the slavery interest, that it
 was resolved among a highly influential mass
 of the delegates, to call separate conventions
 in all the free States, and to hold x general
 convention to consider and determine upon
 the measures to be pursued for a decided re
 sistance against the further extension of sla
 very. This movement of the Whig party ap
 pears to be of the highest and most influential j
 character. State Conventions have therefore
 already been called in Maine, Massachusetts
 and Ohio.
 Mahomet and tiie Mountain. —When
 the mountain would not go to Mahomet, Ma
 homet went to the mountain. Gen. Taylor
 has proved himself of sterner stuff than the
 prophet. He would not go to the mountain
 of the Whig party, so the mountain went to
 him. The party, through its Convention at
 Philadelphia, surrendered at discretion and
 to be as much like the General as |&gt;ossihle, i
 who has announced to us that he has not
 yet formed any opinions ujion the political
 questions of the day, the same Convention
 adjourned without passing a resolution or ex
 pressing a single opinion.—A ’at. Era.
 Gen. Cass —The nomination of Cass has
 given the Joco foco party the 44 dry rot.” It
 is falling into rapid decay. Its leaders are
 abandoning it in dtoves, as rais desert a sink
 ing ship. The Columbus (Ohio) Press—
 heretofore a prominent organ of the loco foco
 party —has gone out in disgust. In leaving
 the field, its editor publishes an elaborate
 address, in which lie says, lhal the Press
 has always occupied the position of a party
 paper,” having willingly and freely supported
 the measures of the democratic party, and
 that he has felt it his duty to continue that i
 support so long as he could do so consist
 ently, 44 with that independence which should j
 characterize every man who pretends to be
 free.” 44 But,” continues he, I fuel it to
 be equally my duty to withdraw from the
 position of Editor and servant of my party,
 as soon as I can no longer honestly supjiort
 its leading measures and candidates. That
 period, to my regret, has arrived.”
 John P. Hale.— The National Anti-Sla
 very Standard says that Mr. Hale will with
 out doubt withdraw in favor of the Barn
 burners’ nomination.

 Mr. Fillmore. —The Phil. Pennsylvanian
 I circulates the rumor that Mr. Fillmore awaits
 the acceptance by Gen. Taylor of his nomina
 tion as a Whig, before signifying hia own.
 Henry Clay. —A letter was received in
 New York city, on Thursday last from Mr.
 Clay, dated the 30th of June, in which he
 speaks coldly of the nomination of Gen.
 Taylor. He uses the significant expression,
 that No note can be properly endorsed, be
 fore the maker signs it.”
 The Missouri Republican tries to sugar
 over the nomination of Gen. Taylor to the
 liking of the anti-slavery wbigs, but it is a
 hard dose. As an illustration of it* anpal
 atableness here, the Sentinel has a piteoa*
 appeal, taken from the whig journal of New
 York, 44 not to desert their colors The
 caution comes too late.— Weekly Wisconsin.
 Since the Proviso” was kicked out of the
 Whig Convention, a Taylor print i* the last
 journal that should use the word, unless it in
 tended to insult its former anti-slavery friend*.
 Weekly Wts.
 About forty Whig papers have refused to
 hoist the Taylor flay, and about the same
 number ol Democratic repudiate Cass.
 Barnburners in Rhode Island. —The
 Providence Journal announces that a Barn
 burner or Democratic Free Soil party is to be
 formed in that State.
 Many of the Tavlor papers publish the
 following; as having an application to the
 Democrat*:
 4 Do run go for principles, men
 4 Yea, I do/ 4 Wdl, what are yotrr princi
 ple* 4 Always to vote for oar candidate/
 CeietoafeM mt tire Fire* Aifrit
 The colored emxene of Western New
 York design to celebrate in this city by ap
 propriate exercise*, the Anniversary of
 Emancipation io the Bnuah VV eat India
 Islands. The exercise# will take place in
 Washington Square. Arrangemeuta are
 made on an extended scale, and a Urge at
 tendance is expected. FasOEEiex Docotxss
 of this city; U announced a* the principal
 Orator of the day, aad theae who have heard
 this able speaker. wiM "«d any amuraw i
 ces that his admass will be doqtan* and
 ""EeaSes Mr. DdogUaa, we nodenKand tha
 Messrs. Remdtid end JbbMoff «e expected
 to speak. An occaMon of unusual interest is
 sataeipaled;andtt -likely that iarge nombera
 femd£refored people will be pee»n»
 Queer S*rEaecaiFTi«r—A leOpr pened
 Through the New York Poet Office- two er
 three day* ejfb, with the following direction;
 ’Er. Rockwell, worker ia marble, tombstones,
 fee,, with rfasnitism ia has neck, if eoM water
 has m driven it eat, Pmeidenna, B. 1/
 In ft dree*.—The number ef Eaflat arti
 saa* and nmchaaiear orbo hare beea obliged to
 leave Ffeaee acme* the femtoiaa of Fehyv
 ary is upwards ef 7,CW.
Tu AmSumt BrmtuM|Hiikij
 Hbaad of itself for intimating that we
 praoed a niprwi that Frederick Donhw
 might bo Jnfcrf by ■datimtioo to change hie
 views of the tJ. S. Constitution. Will the
 Suodanl, having accused as of piece of the
 most sneaking ftaeoartesy to ia honorable
 man, have the forme— to quote oar venr
 words, which were aa follows, and in which
 we had net the sfcgbtasi idea af inaaaatmg
 that Mr. Doaglase' oppoaiuooto the Ceoattta*
 boo would net wtmmd the test of a nomination
 14 Had Mr. Duoglaae been a a usee of hk
 other State, and thereby ooaautatioaally qual
 ified for the office, it ia probable that the eon
 ver.tion would have done more to pot (o the
 test his resolution not to swear to soppntt the
 U. 8. CoßSUtatfon/*
 The Convention bad been kindly and frater*
 oally urging the matter with Mr. Duugfsss.
 aad wa aappeas that those who voted for hna
 did bin the credit to suppose that be ought
 have gives up his views which they deemed
 unsound. That a single soul thought of
 bribing Douglass, we do not believe—neither
 does he, but the contrary. So far from be
 lieving that Mr. Doaglsns could be bribed to
 violate his conscience by so forinra a nomina
 tion, we do not believe he could ba by the of
 fice itself.— Ckronotype.
Whom to Cheat.—Cheat the doctor by
 being temperate cheat the lawyer by keeping
 out of debt; and cheat the demagogue of
 whatever party by not voting for any.
Addresser Anti-Slavery Women of West
 ern New York.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 duty we owe to God and our fellow beings,
 the Anti-Slavery women of Rochester feel
 constrained to continue to persevere in their
 efforts for the oppressed and suffering bond
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in the
 Southern prison house. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that uot only
 b their labor wrested from them unremunera
 ted not only do they suffer from intense hun
 ger and cold; not only are the females, ova
 sisters, subjected to the cruel and passionate
 outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 seers but there are daily instances of sun
 dering the dearest ties in nature, thus sepa
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better—can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 ish as slavery? It would be unreasonable,
 because 44 a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit.*’ Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionately
 invite the co-operation of the citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask them
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember,
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, and concludes by the forcible asser
 tion, “Inasmuch as ye have done it toone of the
 least of these, my brethren, ye have done it
 unto me.” We feel assured all that have
 heans to feel, and are careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live for the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time to their own per
 sonal ease —all who feel bound to improve the j
 precious time allotted to them here, by pto-;
 motingas much as possible the cause of truth
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work oflaboringto banish forever 1
 the demon of slavery from our land and in j
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should be a light to the
 world.”
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. The
 Christian’s influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the aid of men and
 of women we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 merchant. We ask all and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare,
 either of money or of the fruits of their lar
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blessings with which they were endowed
 by our Creator.
 For this object, we propose holding a Fair
 in December next. We ask the females in
 the adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come, fur-
 I nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, but in convincing the public mind of
 i the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 and thus be helpers in hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Dish, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. Hallowell, do.
 Mary H. Hallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Burtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Solly, do.
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hclda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Gabmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braithwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty,) Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Pare#, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintoch, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackmtyrs, Darien.
Commercial.
Roche itib, J*ty It, 1948.
 The fowfii mw I— rmxhf frpvsmd the Flow
 tad Greta market. A few wagon Lad* of Wheat
 is the street, were taken at fll9 1 21. We
 coaid not hear of any haa*y uammttiomm.
 Rochester Wholeule Price* CnrrenC
 FLOUR taw MEAL —Ihay
 Fkwr, f fed 424 75
 PROVISw^S^SIt; Bsef.Pori.Hsaw, Bseos
 Batter aad Lard, 9f I Cba«h
 Fork, £*r2
 Do.' IB hoe §«I 4 25
 *RSW»- :JSSSS
 ir
 Heat*, (smoked) 7• f
 Ifrudhfe". 4P-'
 TarieyCiP*
 Chiekeac
 Pofeiae»&lt;hasb. M
 GRAIN —Dmy; *9fP«ari*»l
 Wheat, ba* 1
 Crfa
 Rve t
 Oat* ..91 40
 HlDeS—Daty; iircall ail
 ji
 Calf t ti 9
 avS&amp;2&amp;*9i ti****r«| 2«2rd l »r
 •a««i
 Char 4 7*
 Sff"?
 FWM—*«»*■ »r«hdtd^
 SShcU '.l-4 4 4 m
 _
 B*,? fthi. f i tia
 Jtegma, *Wt i v
 J**-• s *"*l
 i&amp;rM a e 'ia
 gats 4
 spjs •••ti
3U&gt;vttttscntrttts.
iw rrxr fictorv.
 T*2 1

 Having find Cl foil i rath exptrMtw l»Ms lln* «f I
 bmmmm, he pfedfre bimaetf farm* a*
 artide, and of .asrood aaml, uoak pranumd
 mi mAj ftntifer eftaWsfcmmt hi tW cifv; lit*
 Pomp* are krai i bad with either «nod or land pi**,
 aa aaav mil pt—owe*. He ib» seepptee, to seder,
 every description of Aqueduct Ln«, or Lend Fife
 trie s—seritw will take pleasare tn directing wh
 of bia can in in m an raqvnre the lilhnwa. to
 r onyi tint workmen, who will attend to aU calk for
 d*CT**S&gt; drilling, w blasting wells, promptly, and it
 reasonable rale*. A# kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 03- The above work will be fanrisfad at the
 lowest pncea, for CASH. Person* will do well to
 five him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. E. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1348. ly»
Cash Grocery ind Provision Sure.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 (OM Stand af Edward Bard well.)
 JUST received, and will be kept danstautiy
 hand, aa extensive sad complete assortment of
 Groceries and Proviiions.
 A krge lot of Groceries jast received, bought in
 New York, at (be lowest of the very bw prices of
 the present season.
 Sagan, from a good article at 5 cent* per lb. to
 the best crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico, Cnnetaatia and New
 Or leans Molasses, very bw for the quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, Codfish, Rice, Kaisinf, whole
 and ground Spiers, Fruits, and all the articles, too
 numerous to mention, which mke a full variety to
 supply every want of fomilies or dealers.
 Choice fi'esh Green and TUark Teas.
 Extra Old Java ant! other Coffees.
 Cash (mid fur produce and provisions.
 The attention of tanners, city families an 1 dealers
 is respectfully solicited. Those who hare long fre
 quented this weH known stand are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and aU in want of go»*W in
 iby line, are invited to examine my assoitmenl and
 prices.
 I sell fur Cash only, and can therefore afford to
 sell bw. A new bt of goods expected from New
 York is a fr w days. I intend to make
 ments soon to keen a supply of Free Labor Groceries.
 Customers shall be assured of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and fries rf rovg«-l*.^
 Rochester, July, 1848. 5.n29
Important to Farmer.
 IDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Grass
 Plow- The Farming Public are hereby informed
 that Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 scriber for his recent great improvements in the con
 struction and manufacture of Field c lti v a tors
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
 the whole system of farming, by reducing the exjiense
 one-half or more. Wherever they have been intro
 duced, they have met the decided approbation of
 farmers, as the following certificates from the intel
 ligent and practical farmers whose names are
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 by Nathan I de, of Shelby, Orleans (&gt;o., Newi
 Y ork, and believe it to he, aa a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the same amount ot
 team lalior; he can also sow it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thistle* and other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jnst bnjsh the surface. Upon tlie whole, we
 think it decidedly the beat machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor oi
 the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully rcconuriend it j
 to our brother formers.
 James H. Hedby, James life
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedfey,
 Gardner Berrv, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23,1818.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can w ith this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, ami it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepsred by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH-
 Riga, Juno, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 We consider this Cultivator one of tlie best
 labor-saving implements in use, anil as such com
 mend it to the farming community.— Ume*ttFarmn.
 After tliese testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, R must bto seen
 ami used. No farmer wlw fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 The wlieeis are 32 inches in diameter, with tire
 and bushes like an ordinary carriage wheel. The
 body of tlie Cultivator is a stout frame with two
 rows of teeth, 3 before, and 4 behind; a tongue
 completes the whole, which is firmly attached to the
 frame, and serves to guide anil steady it when in
 operation. The teeth are cast 11 inches long, pointed
 with steel, and so formed as to wear sharp. Every
 part of the machine is built mi a strong and durable
 manner.
 The advantages of this Cultivator are manifold.
 Ist. By means of the wheels the machine runs easy,
 and the teeth go to a unifirm depth. 2d. The teeth
 are so lung, that tlie machine never chokes, the
 ordinary cobble stones and boulders rolling readily
 between them. Sd. The tongne guides the imple
 ment with accuracy and precision. And 4tb. At
 Seed time, by going the last time across the lands,
 small channels or ducts are formed leading into tlie i
 main furrows, which effectually take off the surplus
 moisture, and thus rentier the wheat less liable to be
 wiater-killed. Au additional improvement has
 recently been made to this machine, so that tlie
 wheel may be lowered and frame raised 7 indies or
 more, if necessary, and thus the depth regulated.
 A boy tea years okl can raise or lower it wito earn.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where former* are invited
 to call and examine for themselves.
Sew and Second-Hand Clothing,
 A/ 48, EscJumge StrtM, Rnckt*trr.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 hi* friends and the PuHie genereßy, that he ho#
 cowitMlly on hukl an excellent assortment of fka
 aad Second Hand CVtiiiag, sack as Goats, Paata
 loon*, Vesta, fee,, witii which be will supply
 Customer* ax the iaost reasonable PrieeC;
 L. S. desiren also to iafrrn* the Pohtie'/ he
 aUeadn to repairing and reaoeaUog, which he war
 rants to be done at the cheapen rate, and tu tbe
 best aad neatest possible manner. Hi* king exjieri-'
 ease ia the bwnsw wawvmnU hits in assuring all
 who may pafruatse him, that tau wdek shall be daas
 to their entire satisfertioa.
 Rochester, July 74, 1848.’
TRISILS! TRI.VIhSI
 PIE few rpmliiv of aifed* is tw fee had at LAf.tr;
 It BONNJtXL’B new £*t*htt*temiw, A«. M»,
 State Street; Rurhesuw. AWo a general assort
 meat of Valises, Travelling Bat., fcr., which are
 ifcilat the vary fewest print Lr UA.
 Carriage Triaamnf executed ia tbs fetes! style
 aad with dwpatrh, by J. T. laigg, at ht* old stand
 ia Sfeate Street, opposite fee Maiusm House.
 3. T. L. having bad ext satire experience hr fee
 Emaenr amrluu, feu pm to gne ssti-iscuon is a
 generous public who shall fetor him with, their pa
 tronage.
 Ms rtwsfer, Jsly 14,1849. few
Free Ltktr (M.
 ifANCTACTf’ItED by die American Free Pr*
 ill darn Aweuban,awd fer safe a Ji*.
 FifeJm.ue*t, PteMsfehts:
 llaachesscr Gingham*; Chests. Apron aad Far
 ■Rarer Cantos Ffeauef, aafeesehedf 3fa*lio
 htaaahad and asfefcachad, of vasfeus qawliUre aas
 wtdtfe; that Musiw fee hasags, hrswa sail eokesd;
 Bird Eve Tuwds; hfedt and white Wadding j
 Cmtsa Laps; Lamp Wide; Bed Ttriing, aa
 esßaacasrick; Calms* Knatfef Cnfesn
 Ordsts fer Gauds, sc Istters desiring iafamatisa,
 ■my be addmsed m J. Mttwr McZm.lt, Noctl
 A large and k afesa im&gt;tn»dfe.t -dT PrWU aad
 mkmi- v- jri"-*f
 —a jmis mu a smii »«r&gt;'
 AUkilirtiy Mkfe
 life. ft. PfdMfc#VU afeesfe Md«afe#fen.
 Awhsymifefee*iM» JJJLjjSL^al' 9^l
 rip j!
JO« PRINTINGS
 The NORTiiLPTAif office. is
 with jU Tnps, for the execution ef every
 deecrmricm of Pneting with Mutsess a»d despatch,
 ■(the Vrerit prices for *wsh, vn:
 Heml-hilfe. Blinks, Biff Is#
 fWmmU, Ciirubrt, IfcWLsd «f/
 Pamphlets, Cards, lafeb.fcc.
NEW PCBUCATIoiISi
 Wild- BE READY IN A FEW RAYBa
 y&gt;\ um i ArrsAL, u«P* a briaf sketehe*.
 hi* life by Hrmry Highland (irrmt.
 AllOj G ARffXT** Aiefren M ffr Nim tftbr t%*-
 M Thiv aAlre** was refestid bv the N*a
 tMieel at m UiL The ertitiw
 is sr.mlL and tbuve who tfestre copfes will do well Id
 Scad m Ujcir order# ekrfi.
 J! 9T PUBI.IBHFD; a eshM Tvt
 Past tvs l*M &gt;i ffr t'ssbtrioi os the Cotsat
 Kt&gt; Rack, b, JUitrf
 PuMtshed at Troy, N. Y. Ordet* atffo#4 to.
 April 28, 9m.
ex to the PaMV. from ft, A.M. t» 8 P. Jf.
 r!E ANTI-BLA\*ERt OFFICE svo REAIV
 •NO ROOM, No. 25. Buffafo Street. The
 Room is aeatK fontu.bed. and the tables filled with
 some of the l&gt;e«t Anti-Stavrry, Temperance, Reb
 giousp PoliKicml and Literary Papers.
Narrative of the life of rafcbEß-
 Dot GLANN, written by n'uutlf, to W
 haief at this offfee, price 90 cents.
NOTICE.
 THE Cnpaitrfershrp heretnf.we fTWW twtweed
 CLARK k DUN COMBE; wa, mutually die
 solved on the Ist of April, 1848.
 A. CLARK,
 C. 11. DINCOMBE.-
 Rochester, June 2, IS4B.
 DR. CT.ARK.stHf Continues at No. 89 Smitk’f
 Arca.lc, Buff'ilu Street. Dr. Clark would in
 fiirin tlie citizen, ig Rrrfmtrr and snrrmimling rone
 try, tlwf Iw keeps a gnod assortment uf Thomsoniau
 and utlier Botanic .Medicines, neatly put up with di
 rections for f.nuily use also for sale Dr Thomsen*R
 New Materia Medica. This vuluddb w-uk shook!
 be owned by every prrrtitioner aiV) fcmi’v in tba
 land.
 A. CLARK.
 June i, 1843. tf.
Hair-Cutting and Dressing at
 RALPH FILWCIS’s Saloon, under tjtm Ifogle
 Hotel, Buffalo-street. jul 14—3 m
BOOKS, &amp;c., Fur Sale at the AvTi-StAvtaV
 Orrtcr Rkauixq Room, No. 23 ItnffaMf
 st., Second Story opposite tlie Arcaile:
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass.'
 Jonathan tvA'fkci;
 Portrait u
 S|v&gt;oner on Unconslifutfohality of Slavery.
 W. Phillips reply tu do;
 Legion of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated by its effect on Woman.
 Also a rich variety of Fancy and ureliu artieW
 inxiile by tlie Ladies' Anfi-Slavefy' Society.
./Vnr in the Press,
 A TRIBITE FOR THE AEf.RO,
 BEING A VIXIJICATIOIi OF THE UOft At, I.NT ILs
 tECTUift AXT) ffttttcfrocs C AF ABtf.tTIES OF
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 H ith particular reference to the African rate,
 Illustrated by numeroui mifhenfic facts; Rtographicaf
 Sketches, Testimonies of Travelers, Sic.
 The motives which have artualerl the author iff
 preparing the alture-iueiitioaed work, are solely H
 desire to interest ami enlighten the taiMic mind, uh
 a siftiject intimately coiintcted with the happiness or
 misery of a large portion of the human foul
 by a relation of forts and testimonies, which up’
 assertion* can annul; to remote a derpfy-roob n pre
 judice, existing in the irtmds sfl'rremy; respecting tbg
 African race.
 It is an important question whether tlie Negro i#
 constitutionally, nnd therefore irremeiliably inferior
 to ths vAiite man, in the (lowers of tlie mind. Much/
 of the tuture welfare of tho human race depend, oni
 the answer which experience and facts will furnish'
 to this queswon; for it concerns not only the vtut
 population of Africa. l*ut many millions, of the Negro'
 race, who are located elsewliere, and the whites who
 are becoming miged the black rare, in countries
 where Slavery exists; or wliefe it liaff till
 w ithin a recent period. Many persons have vector
 ed upon peremptory decisions on Imtli sides of tlie
 rpiestion liut the majority appear tn be sfil? tinsTffr*
 fie.l as to the real capabilities of the Negro fnrr
 Their present actual inferiority in mauy respects,
 comparing them as a whole witji the lighter colour
 i ed portion of mankind, is too evident to lie disunited;
 l&gt;ut it must lie home in mind that thev are not in a‘
 fit condition for a four comparison to be draw n he
 tween the two. Tlieir present degraded state mny
 i lie easily arcountc'f for bv the circumstances amidst
 which Negroes have lived; fiorh in their nirrlcntiiitrr
 and abroad. It a single instauce can lie adduced of
 an individual oftlie African race exhibiting a genius
 1 which would lie considered eminent in civilized Euro-
 I pean society, we have a proof that there is no incoin
 patibility between Negro organization and high in
 tellectual |tower. But it is not one alone, but many
 1 remarkable cases of this description tliat are brought
 1 forward in the present volume, which melmiu np
 words of 150 fliofraphcuf sketches of Africans ur tinxr
 descendants, he rides FacrV and Anecdotes, Testimo
 nies of Travellers, Missionvrie*, fcc., the xhole
 j forming a complete“Tri nCTtt Fua the Negro,”
 and exhibiting an Undoubted refofatiotf of the An
 founded calumnies which have lteen liet.pe-l on tbs an
 fortunate rare of Africa, proving them to he endowed
 w ith every characteristic constituting tlair ulenlity
 with tlie great fomily of Man, and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are” life, lilierty, and tlie (Mjrsoit of happiness,” any
 infringement on whieb Is a daring usnrimtiox of the
 prerogative and author by of the Most lligh.
 Tlie work will be rendered additionally interesting
 liy A!* AFFROERfA/r, IS TttOfc t C TOR V FORM,
 written purjiosely fia* the occasion, fiy BERRA UH
 Bahtos. Ii will also he euriebed l»v the aAfition
 of a Ijeautiful engraving, froin a painting preseotod
 to the I/iifbn Society; representing two
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidewe before a
 Select Committee of (he House of onimoos. Tho
 Africans arc giving evidence, Dr. Muliip is mmttd
 in the foregronnd, and Jan*, Read, fen. and jan.,
 Miriionas&amp;s foarf foodrfe Africa, are ptomting, tlie
 latter acting a&lt; interßFCter. The v&lt;dnn* wiII also con
 fain portraits of.
 C’tJ’dPr.; the Oiiefof* 4 Amistad ‘ajgivcs.”
 /as I ZATgirR, Christian Chief of (1* Anuskosa
 Trilie,South Africa.
 J. W C. I'Esisgtos, a highly esteemed HiiJorf
 of the Gospel, of pure African mnetind.
 Frederick Dol* lass,the foadive sfove.
 i Olacdah F.qciAxo, orGcsTAV^ j Vassa.
 j Engraved on stoidfiv first-rate Ai lists. A Iso a fAC
 i simile of the writing of Toci&gt;aixT L’Outlr-
 TL’ RE, tlie Black Chief of Haytt.
 'Hie work will he unuM ia pi best type, on find
 rv»(s-r, am! cornu»Y of afsait f Iwauiitul
 -1 ly hound in ckgjl,* wfiffr Its ri(ipro(&gt;riate device, ham
 trig an elegant volume for tire drawiiig-r&lt;«oat t»U«;'
 All profit* freun it* fofe wift fie devoted 4a
 the Auti-Sfoverf ea*we« to sofiscr'.’
 er* *3, u&gt; iem-«uhscrdwr»di; imJrVniuals dedrev
 of r&lt;M&gt;ie, W_rU üblfge by Rttaiisw tkfO p
 dcr, to M il, AkkiaTLad, Lead,; oc t« the
 Noam Star Office.
PROSFEECTTS OF
 Ancrlraa Plirriioloirlfpl /tana!.
 O. S. rOW'ltR, EOkTOR.
 T-&gt; re«wn» ap.l (mffert oorud*.*|asd &lt;mr rare, is
 die mv»*i euMof nft work*. Yet, t„ ,lo tin*
 m**.t twlem**l dm Hfenm Cwurtitotnm. Thi«,
 Phrenology, IWinfegy and Vital Maglln.i r»~
 hnrr, Auii veuce all the Was ufsar h-wt,
 eonditiim* of happru-s*, sivl OHwtuuU fee HijliSi
 phrr’s mar of UiMsenal Truth.
 fnacM oLocf
 aaahf wHf ewitsin erfVr Ae acaK.W *i|,
 luratam of some phrehoingwhl fsMfv, iffertmted 8y
 «u Eoumviqgf «r a« arttcal sh thefcr eshfeasidtadsf
 aad *!*o fl« urguaitation and charnr tmr ol some dun
 tinfinshed personage, arro»ft(*i,Ted ly a likenes*.
 |pM4»l9Un*T.
 Health 1* Life. The great aulffiiimsl «f infest vw
 tee a»l 'happiness, all of which it sugawnte. To ns
 preservation mti rsttoratbo, special sOeiatios w3f bs
 fivew.
 MAo«nCtl4)l.
 \4‘,tW metml asisttMS, imMdhf feet*, ms
 eholrw truth* which u asfeki*. «(ll h psssmnsd id
 i ihi* Joursaf:
 tdVWd Mt*. _
 fWkL sSSu* i* r J+*»
 tefemm, wlfewlfee theme of a *erws of articSN.
 IELr-riffirrfvtMtpT 7
 nmJsr ternmd ft** T
 AR A V«A»-' J
 MAMPI.E .NUMBERS .4 this Juwnal wtt IT
 few* OKA 118, whan «Wsd.
 FOWLER A WELLri
 80. 131 Names SR New Ya’
"
