"Poetry
For the North 8««r.
 At the bt umol nsaetiag rf b
 Rlmn Society, m New Lj«e, Mr. W
 enred tk ianiow rf ,lifl cc A—o, f
 odwn, Mrwii infrate Itotoesisd by their
 Mb, bearing their oflfcriage to be bid oa the mite
 «f H«n Liberty. It &lt;m i hf—MM sight, worth
 usitoiiq half the Anwrirea continent to witw»
 The ioymiKM will remain oa ay auwd brrtr. I
 KMcd tike t ooneecretisa of the Nm of thorn
 sweet won hemp to the sacred chk of etow
 nfb; like bringing them in their nhacy to talu
 the Nth of eveeisetisg hostility to Americaa slavery
 Some of theto Mr. DMfbMook ia hb anus, am
 kiooed and tenderly embraces. The ecene aataraft;
 called to amatory hit own children. After speaking
 of hu yoaag daughter with ail a father’• deep aflec
 I too, he retd, I bare three little boyo; I thanl
 God they are free.” If then wae awe heart ia the
 wem audience which did not heat neeponeirely to tha
 faher’s yea, tkmnk God tVjr oer frm! that! hear
 was act mine. I wish Mr. Doafbeo to attow th
 fbQowiag line* an insertion in hie paper, to re*
 them to hb children, to ted them they were writes
 by one who has eeea their beloved father, who ha
 batoned to hi* thrilling eloquence, and who loft
 them and all children,
 THE CHILDREN OF FREDERICK DOU
 GLASS.
 Thank God they are free* thooe loved oner are free
 From the horror* of bondage my childhood endured
 They are free—free forever—l never shall see
 Them downtrodden by tyrant*, to tortures inured.
 "Plank God they are free! the sbve-whtp shall neve
 I&amp;aw forth the warm life-blood that flows throug
 their veins;
 No fiend in the guise of humanity ever
 Shall deface their young forms with hU scourge
 and chain*.
 They are free, they can dwell with the father an
 mother
 Who love them; no man-thief can tear them away,
 Can sever the ties of the sister and brother,
 And doom their bright youth to the spoiler a prey.
 Thank God they au free from the might of opprei
 sion
 Which shrouded my soul in tha gloom of the grave
 No sbveholding tyrant has them in possession,
 Their bodies and souls to degrade and enslave.
 And republican despots are powerless to bold them
 In the chains they have forged for a downtroddei
 race;
 For the proud voice of freemen in thunders has tob
 them,
 The oppressed in our hearts and our homes have i
 place.
 Then thank God for their freedom, that gloriou
 blessing,
 Its virtue, its light, iu deep fulness of joy*;
 No babe-stealing Southron, their birthright possess
 &gt;ng,
 Can darken the path of the fugitive’s boys.
 Thou transcendent))' gifted, each sister and brother,
 Each true heart that heard was rejoicing with thee,
 That the hither, the mother, the sister, the brother,
 All that circle of loved ones were liappy and free.
 God speed thee, and hasten the blest consummation
 Of thy labors, thy hopes, and thy wishes on earth,
 When thy brethren, acknowledged their rights in
 our nation,
 Shall 1* happy and free in the land of their birth.
 A. L. B.
 From the Anti-Slavery Harp.
 A SONG FOR FREEDOM.
 Air —Davdy Jim.
 Come all ye bondmen for and near,
 Let’s put a song in massa’s ear,
 It is a song for our poor race,
 Who’re whipped and trampled with disgrace.
 Chorus. My old massa tells me, O,
 This is a land of freedom O;
 Let’s look about and see if ’tis so,
 Just as massa tells me O.
 He tells us of that glorious one,
 I think his name was Washington,
 How he did fight for liberty,
 To save a threepence tax on tea.
 Chorus. My old massa, Ac.
 And then lie tells us that there was
 A Constitution, with this clause,
 That all men equal were created.
 How often have we heard it stated.
 Chorus. My old massa, Ac.
 But now we look about and see,
 That we poor blacks are not so free;
 We're whipped and thrashed about like fools,
 And have no cliance at common schools.
 Chorus. Still my old massa, Ac.
 They take our wives, insult and mock,
 And sell our children on the block,
 Then choke us if we say a*word,
 And say that niggers shan’t be heard.
 Chorus. Still my old massa, Ac.
 Our preachers, too, with whip and cord,
 Command obedience to the Lord;
 They say they learn it from the book,
 But for ourselves we dare not look.
 Chorus. Btill my old massa tells me O,
 This is a Christian country O,
 L*t’s look about and see if ’tis so,
 Just as massa tells mi O.
 There is a country for away—
 Friend Hopper says ’tis Canada,
 And if we reach Victoria’s shore,
 He toys that we are slaves no more.
 Chorus. Now hasten bondmen, let us go
 And leave this Christian country O;
 Haste to the land of the British Queen,
 Where whips for negroes are uot seen.
 Now if we go, we must take the night—
 W«’re sure to die if we come in sight—
 Tbs bloodhounds will be on our track,
 Aod wo to us if they fetch us back.
 Chorus. Now haste all bondmen, let us go.
 And leave this Christian country O;
 God help us to Victoria’s shore,
 Where we are free and slaves no more.
 From the Tribune.
 THE INDIAN WIFE.*
 »T EMILY KELSO*.
 Oa Vud tha dm of the dark rapid’s tear;
 Sooa, soon shall we spring on the forest shore,
 Where the red deer bounds in iu graceful pride.
 And the orange squirrel it seen to glide—
 Where the blue-bird breathes from the tall pis* wae
 Its soul-thrilling song of melody—
 Where the for-flies gleam in their golden light,
 And flit through the air of the summer night.
 Then awake, my love, and our couch shall he
 Neath the crimson boughs of the maple ties;
 Awake! for this arm huh buriad a dart
 Deep into the miscreant chieftain’s heart;
 The life-stream gushed, and the glorious Sun
 Stasiad far oa the deed thy young bride had done;
 Tha load shrift death try and the savage yell,
 Told the pits fhaad bund when their leader fell.
 Na ssore shall the plums of Ms helmet wave
 %for tha freed htdiaV* lined etainad grave;
 No mure shall bis soul, in its hats rejoice
 At th* aoaad of the dying red man’s voire;
 Nor bis glittering sword dispel the mirth
 ffcdd«a«d «ar wigwam’s blaring hearth;
 *fas Great Spirit spoke from his asms ihrose,
 fad the wtfito Stas's gforiea are past and gone.
 The shove Uses mu sappored to he addressed
 tpmi fans w«mm to her hrehsml, while j
 Mmmmm a rapid after be had beau Mfad hy tha!
 ashfree.
Selections.
•KETCJH Or THE LIFE AMD CHA
 MACTED OF DATID WALKED.
 It it generally the dew re of the vend
 er of any intellectual production, to
 know aometking of the character and
 the life of the author. The character
 of Datid IFalker is indicated in hia
 writings. In regard to his life, but a
 few materials can be gathered but
 I what is known of him, furnishes protl
 to the opinion which the friends of man
 have formed of him—that he possessed
 I a noble and a courageous spirit, and
 r that be was ardently attached to the
 t cause of liberty.
 Mr. Walker was born in Wilming-
 L ton, North Carolina, Sept. 28, 1785.
 1 His mother was a free woman, and his
 1 father was a slave. His innate hatred
 1 to slavery was vary early developed,
 j When yet a boy, he declared that the
 slaveholding South was not the place
 1 for him. His soul became so indignant
 at the wrongs which his father and his
 kindred bore, that he determined to
 rind some portion of his country where
 he would see less to harrow up hit
 soul. Said he, “If I remain in thu
 bloody land, I will not live long. At
 true as God reigns, I will be avenged
 for the sorrow which my people have
 suffered. This is not the place for me
 —no no, I must leave this part of the
 r country. It will be a great trial for me
 1 to live on the same soil where so many
 men are in slavery certainly I cannot
 remain where I must hear their chains
 continually, and where 1 must encoun
 ter the insults of their hypocritical
 1 enslavers. Go, I must.”
 The youthful Walker embraced his
 mother, and received a mother’s bless
 ings, and turned his back upon North
 Carolina. His father died a few
 months before his birth and it is a re
 markable coincidence, that the son of
 the subject of this Memoir, was a
 posthumous child.
 After leaving home, David Walker
 travelled rapidly towards the North,
 shaking off the dust of his feet, and
 breathing curses upon the system of
 l human slavery, America’s darling
 institution. As might be expected, he
 t met with trials during his journey and
 at last he reached Boston, Mass., where
 he took up his permanent residence.
 There he applied himself to study, and
 soon learned to read and write, in
 order that he might contribute some
 thing to the cause of humanity. Mr.
 Walker, like most of reformers, was a
 poor man—he lived poor, and died
 poor.
 In 1827 he entered into the clothing
 business in Brattle street, in which he
 prospered and had it not been for his
 great liberalityand hospitality, he would
 have become wealthy. In 1828, he
 married Miss Eliza He was
 emphatically a selfmade man, and he
 spent all his leisure moments in the
 cultivation of his mind. Before the
 Anti-Slavery Reformation had assumed
 a form, he was ardently engaged in the
 work. His hands were always open to
 contribute to the wants of the fugitive.
 His house was the shelter and the home
 of the poor and needy. Mr. Walkei
 is known principally by his Appeal,”
 but it was in his private walks, and by
 his unceasing labors in the cause oi
 freedom, that he has made his memory
 sacred.
 With an overflowing heart, he pub
 lished his Appeal” in 1829. This
 little book produced more commotion
 among slaveholders than any volume
 of its size that was ever issued from an
 American press. They saw that it was
 a bold attack upon their idolatry, and
 that too by a black man who once lived
 among them. It was merely a smooth
 stone which this David took up, yet il
 terrified a host of Goliaths. When the
 fame of this book reached the South,
 the poor, cowardly, pusillanimous ty
 rants, grew pale behind their cotton
 bags, and armed themselves to the
 teeth. They set watches to look aftei
 their happy and contented slaves. The
 Governor of Georgia wrote to the
 Hon. Harrison Grey Otis, the Mayor
 of Boston, requesting him to suppress
 the Appeal. His Honor replied to the
 Southern Censor, that he had no power
 nor disposition to hinder Mr. Walker
 from pursuing a lawful course in the
 utterance of his thoughts. A company
 of Georgia men then bound themselves
 by an oath, that they would eat as little
 as possible until they had killed the
 youthful author. They also offered a
 reward of a thousand dollars for his
 head, and ten times as much for the live
 Walker. His consort, with the so
 licitude of an affectionaie wife, together
 with some friends, advised him to go to
 Canada, lest he should be abducted.
 Walker said that he had nothing to
 fear from such a pack of coward blood
 hounds but if he did go, ho would
 hurl back such thunder across the
 great lakes, that would cause them to
 tremble in their strong holds. Said he,
 I will stand my ground. Somebody
 tntwf die t» this cause. 1 may be doom
 ed to the stake and the fire, or to the
 scaffold tree, but it is not in me to falter
 if I can promote the work of emanci
 pation.” He did not leave the country,
 but was soon laid in the grave. It was
 the opinion of many that he was hur
 ried out of life by the means of poison,
 but whether this was the cause or not,
 the writer is not prepared to affirm.
 He had many enemies, and not a few
 were his brethren whose cause he
 espoused. They said that he went too
 far, and was making trouble. So the
 Jews spoke of Moses. They valued
 the flesh-pots of Egypt more than the
 milk and honey of Canaan. He died
 1830, in Bridge street, at the hopeful
 and enthusiastic age of 31 years. His
 ruling passion blazed up in tbe hour of
 death, and threw an indescribable
 grandeur over tbe last dark scene. The
 heroic young man passed away without
 a struggle, and a few weeping friends
 is death hi. rrchd. clow,

 Like Sowm at art of Mn."
 The personal appearance of Mr
 Walker was prepossessing, being six
 feet in height, slender and well pro
 portioned. His hair wss loose, and
 his complexion was dark. His* son,
 the only child be left, is new 18 years
 of age, and is said to resemble bis
 father he now resides at Charlestown,
 Mass., with his mother, Mrs. Dew son.
 Ms. Walker wssnftthful member or
 Em Methodist Church si Boston, whose
pastor b the mcnUs father Swv
 det*.
 The reader thus has ft brief notice of
 the lift and characterof David Walker.
AM OFFICER DISARMED BY A
 WOMAM.
 Somewhere abort the jeer 1710,
 there fared at Stourbridge a respect abk
 family of the Society of Friends, by
 the name of Winter. They occupied
 a bouse contiguous to the principal Ini
 of the town, and their windows over
 looked the yard. Mrs. Winter was a
 clerer, amiable woman, and the land
 lady at the Inn generally consulted bei
 in any case of domestic difficulty. Ii
 l happened that there was a number w
 soldiers quartered in the town, and tb«
 officers' head quarters was at this Inn
 One of these officers was given to hab
 its of intemperance; and sometimes,
 after hard drinking, he became quarrel
 some and irrational, approaching ever
 to madness. One afternoon, having sat
 long over the bottle, a difference arose
 between him and a brother officer,
 when he became so furious, throug!
 intoxication, that he drew his sword
 and dared his opponent in a single
 combat; at the same time rushing intc
 the yard ready for the bloody purpose
 There he continued raving and reeling
 for some time, with his naked swore
 flourishing about, making very ludi
 crous gesticulations, and shouting fort!
 most amusing pot-valiant defiances
 when a number of thoughtless peopU
 gathered around him to enjoy the fun
 At this juncture, the landlady observing
 the scene, concluded that murder woulc
 most assuredly follow, and that foi
 which her husband, who was then ab
 sent, might be seriously brought intc
 trouble; and she was so affected at the
 sight that she fainted. In this dilemma
 Mrs. Winter was hastily applied to for
 advice and assistance and having
 surveyed the ground, she immediately
 perceived the danger the people were
 in of being wounded or killed, through
 some eccentric lounge of the drunken
 warrior; and she paused a few mo
 ments to consider if she could do any
 thing to avert such a catastrophe.—
 Confiding in the purity of her motives,
 she now put on her bonnet and pro
 ceeded to the scene of action. Having
 quietly made her way through the
 crowd, she placed herself directly be
 fore the vaunting soldier, at the same
 time looking him placidly in the face
 His countenance quickly fell, and he
 ceased his boasting, gazing on his un
 expected visitant with awe and rever
 ence, as though she had been an angel
 Mrs. Winter now very gently put hei
 hand on the hilt of his sword, when he
 unconsciously relaxed his grasp, anc
 she drew it away from him.
 Having secured the dangerous wea
 pon, she carried it home to her owr
 apartment, to the no small amusement
 of those who witnessed the hazardous
 deed. The drunken man, having
 stared vacantly around him for a while
 staggered off to his quarters, and slept
 away the fumes of his potations. Oi
 awakening a few hours afterw ards, hi:
 recollection returned, and he inquirec
 anxiously for his sword, as his appear
 ance without it on parade next morning
 might lead to some very awkward inqui
 ries. He therefore sent his servant
 with Major ’s compliments t&lt;
 Mrs. Winter, and begged that she
 would return the weapon. Her answei
 was, that she had it safely locked upii
 her closet, and if he would call hirnsel
 in the morning, she would deliver it t&lt;
 him. These were hard terms for i
 British officer to submit to, but he
 very prudently considered, under pres
 ent circumstances, it was the best policy
 to yield.
 In the morning the Major arose, fully
 sensible of the folly he had been guilty
 of, and the dilemma in which he ha&lt;
 placed himself. He however deter
 mined now to pursue the only righ
 course before him, mortifying as it wai
 to his feelings, and he accordingly
 sought an interview with Mrs. Winter
 to whom he apologized very amply,an&lt;
 acknowledged himself under the great
 est obligation for her kind and timely
 interference. Mrs. Winter then re
 stored his sword, desiring him to re
 place it in the scabbard; after whici
 she delivered him a short lecture on tin
 benefits arising from temperance anc
 peace. Promising to be more rircum
 spect in his future conduct, and agair
 thanking her for her kindness, he de
 parted, let us hope a somewhat wisei
 and better man. —Peace Advocate
O’Connell’s Tact in Cross-Ex
 amination. —He was once examining a
 witness whose inebriety at the time to
 which the evidence referred, it was
 essential to his client’s case to prove.
 He quickly discovered the man’s
 character. He was a fellow who may
 be described as “half foolish with
 roguery.”
 Well, Darby, you told the truth to
 this gentleman?
 Yes, your honor, Councilor O’Con
 nell.
 How do you know my name
 Ah sure, every one knows our-own
 pathriot.
 Well, you are a good humored, hon
 est fellow; now, tell me Darby, dkT
 you take a drop of anything that day
 Why, your honor, I took mt share of*
 a pint of spirits.
 Your share of it? now, by virtue of
 vour oath, was not your share of k—all j
 but the pewter?
 Why, then, dear knows, that’s true i
 for you, sir.
 The court was convulsed by both;
 question and answer. It soon came
 out, step by step, that the man was
 drunk, and was not, therefore, a com- i
 petent witness. Thus O’Connell won
 his case for his client.
Reclamation of Waste lands.—
 A tract of land containing sointiiiing
 like a thousand acres, hitherto entirely
 unimproved, south of Hicbsville, Long
 Island, has been purchased for a com
 pany of Germans, who are to take poss
 ession this spring* As the land has not
 keen tilled within the memory of man,
 its cultivation will be so much gain to
 the community, who will also gain
 much by the addition of a bo4y of hon
 est sad industrious Germans to their
 number. We suggest that there is a
 rot tpanliiy of waste land on. Long
 •mpiopodtn the tarns way. i
AHTI.TATLOB KKBTIHC W
 BOSTON*
 At an early hoar last eremog
 people began to throng the streets on
 their way to the Tremont Temple, to
 hear the Hon. Joshua R. Gtddings,
 of Ohio, and Hon. Henry Wilson, of
 Natieh.— The building was filled to
 overflowing. The enthusiasm of the
 vast assembly was equal to the great
 Worcester gathering. The masses
 are rousing in their might. The honest
 and true-hearted people are determined!
 now to take matters into their own
 hands, and see to it that truth, justice
 and humanity are respected by their
 ruler*. The Tayloritea begin to
 tremble—4he politicians don’t know
 which way to turn. A few more such
 failures” wiH be the death of them.
 The meeting was called to order by
 D. R. Chapman, Esq., and organised
 by Ibe choice of William B. Srop.NER,
 Esq., as Chairman.
 vice Presidents. James Tolraan, F.
 F. Boure, Dr. Walter Channing, T.
 P. Chandler, Esq.
 Secretaries. George F. Williams,
 J. J. Meston.
 The Chairman addressed the meet
 ing in a few appropriate remarks, as
 follows:
 Fellow Citizens, —Every body knows
 who Joshua R. Giddings is. Now that
 John Q. Adams was no more, Mr.
 Giddings was the great champion of
 Freedom in the House of Representa
 tives, and upon him the mantle of that
 venerable statesman had fallen.
 He alluded to the argument that
 having sent delegates to the Philadel
 phia Convention, those delegates and
 those by whom they were sent, were
 bound to adopt the candidate nomina
 ted. But they had sent their dele
 gates to nominate a Whig, and he
 asked whether Gen. Taylor could be
 called a Whig. One Whig measure
 was that slavery should not be exten
 ded over new territory but Gen.
 Taylor had never given a word of
 assurance on that point. It was against
 the course of human nature to suppose
 that a man who was born in a Slave
 State, moved into another, bought a
 plantation of slaves in a third, who
 fought the battles of Slavery, first in
 the Seminole war, and afterwards in
 the Mexican war, could be opposed
 to the extension of Slavery.
 Mr. Taylor was a slave man, and
 there was no mistake about it. Perhaps
 the Autocrat of Russia, or the JDey of
 Algiers, might be honest men, but he
 would ask if such men had the right
 sort of principles to govern a free peo
 ple. The amount of it was, that he
 was the candidate of war, and slavery.
 His flag was black, its stars were blot
 ted out its stripes were red.— Boston,
 Whig.
GREELEY COMING OUT RIGHT.
 Saturday’s Tribune contains an ex
 cellent article from Mr. Greeley’s pen,
 entitled, “No Compromise,” of which
 the following is the conclusion:
 Then let the friends of freedom
 stand firm! We shall never be more
 ready for the struggle than now. The
 general breaking up of party lines is
 auspicious to the formation and expres
 sion of free sentiment. Let us meet
 the danger at the threshhold, opposing
 firmness to violence and calmness to
 threats. The North may be betrayed,
 as she has heretofore been, but let no
 true man flinch or falter. Let a politi
 cal grave yawn by the side of every
 traitor, while every man who prizes
 liberty too high to sell it, and reveres
 principle too much to compromise it,
 stand like a rock hy the side of univer
 sal freedom. Pass the watchword from
 rank to rank, and see what coward lip
 it blanches, what false heart it flutters
 —JYo Extension of Slavery.
 This looks encouraging. We have
 strong hopes that Mr. Greeley will de
 cide to act for freedom. He exerts a
 powerful influence, and we believe he
 has it in his power to prevent General
 Taylor’s election by the people.
 Thousands of freemen are awaiting
 Mr. Greeley’s decision. Will he not
 take a manly stand on the side of
 freedom? —Hampshire Herald.
SLAVERY.
 Requisition on Ohio for Persons
 Aiding Slaves to Escape.— We learn
 that fifteen citizens of this State have
 been arrested on a warrant issued by a
 Justice of Warren County, and held to
 bail in the sum of $4,000 apiece, to
 await the answer of the Governor of
 Ohio to the requisition of the Governor
 of Kentucky, for their presence at the
 Court of Common Pleas of Campbell
 i County, Ky., to answer to the charge
 of stealing five slaves, the property of
 citizens of that county. The affidavit
 upon which this warrant was issued
 was made by Gen. Taylor, of Newport!
 If we mistake not, everything now de
 pends upon Gov. Bibb. They cannot
 be compelled to appear in Kentucky,
 "L u “P OO hla answer to the requUiti
 I Will he deliver them up? They can
 not be charged with having committed
 I the crime m Kentucky, eacept con
 structively, by aiding and abetting, af
 ter the escape of the slaves. The ex
 ample of Gov. Shunk will recur to ev
 ery one. He retused to comply with
 the requisition of the Governor of Ma
 ryland, founded on an indictment, for
 .the reason that no such constructive
 presence could he admitted in law. We
 do not think that Gov. Bibb would de
 KeX:r if rea%
 'Ve understand that Corwin and
 Codings have been retained to man
 age the suit. The arrested persons are
 resident# in various parts of the State,
 on the line from here to Sandusky
 City, and are ail of them of high re
 spectability. 6
 bince the above was written, we
 rm Gov. Bibb baa begged to
 be excused from complying with the
 P”**® '•que* of the Governor of Ken
 tucky, on the ground that Ohio lawf
 do«t recognize property In man.—Ci*-
 cwmalt Herald.
My frtaad has a great reverence
 IDT the truth, 1 said baronet to a
 gsntkman. So I perceive, waa the
 pirtfal
“THE
 It is a fact well worthy of notice, that
 “The Anglo-Saxon,” the Phoootypic
 newspaper published in this city by
 Andrews and Boyle, has attained the
 extraordinary errcaUtioa of six thou
 sand, weekly,, n little asore than one
 year since he establishment. This is
 certainly one of the boldest attempt* at
 innovation on a large scale that we have
 ever known, and is, so far, decidedly
 one of the most successfek Phoaotypy
 and Phonography together, constitute
 what is known as “the Language
 Reform,** or “the Writing and Spelling
 Reformation.** We have heretofore
 spoken approvingly of the principle
 which lies at the bottom of this move
 ment but, apart from its merits, the
 fact that a family newspaper in the
 English language, printed in an entirely
 new system of spelling words, with an
 alphabet of forty-two letters, instead of
 the twenty-eix old stagers which have
 served our forefathers, is liberally sus
 tained, and that its circulation is rapid,
 ly increasing, is indisputably one of the
 most striking and singular phenomena
 of the nineteenth century. The sheet
 itself is one of the“ curiosities oflitera
 ture.” To the uniformed eye, it may
 seem the absurdest thing imaginable;
 but the reputation of its conductors for,
 scholarship, the fact that their labors
 are not only approved and sanctioned,
 but warmly advocated, by some of those
 most interested in education, together
 with the success which accompanies
 the undertaking, should at least render
 these who have not thoroughly studied
 its principles and understood its advan
 tages, somewhat modest in condemning
 it. Phonography, a kind of rapid and
 scientific short hand, is rapidly coming
 into use for verbatim reporting, and
 even for letter-writing. It is undoubt
 edly the most perfect system of writing
 ever invented. 'I he most obvious and
 immediate use of Phonotype, is its in
 fluence in correcting false habits of
 pronunciation. A year’s reading of
 “The Anglo-Saxon,” for this purpose
 only, must be worth far more, as a
 means ol'family education, than its sub
 scription price of two dollars, and even
 more than years of systematic study de
 voted to pronouncing dictionaries.—
 Children read the paper at once,
 prompted by mere curiosity at its novel
 ty; and incidentally they learn the true
 pronunciation of every word in the lan
 guage—Phonotype being an exact re
 presentation of speech. We wish the
 enterprising editors and conductors of
 The Anglo-Saxon” even more tri
 umphant success in future.— JY. Y.
 Evening PosL.
 Self-emancipated. —The Rochester
 American, in a letter from Augusta,
 Georgia, gives the following noble in
 stance of man struggling to be free—
 The talk of the town to-da} is the
 departure of" Frank Shadwick, a self
 emancipated slave, his wife and child
 ren, to seek a more congenial home in
 the State of Pennsylvania. This slave,
 who is a native of this beautiful city,
 began his work of emancipation by pur
 chasing his time from year, to year at
 about $lOO per annum—the usual hire
 s jfor a good servaut. Possessing great
 energy and much intelligence, with per
 fect integrity, he could both oversee
 other slaves and labor well himself, and
 very justly commanded his wages. His
 surplus earnings soon brought him
 horses and drays, and enabled him to
 hire good servants of such as had them
 to spare. Thus established in business,
 in the course of 15 years he has made
 money enough to buy himself at about
 $lOOO, to pay a larger sum for his wife
 and children, and take to Harrisburg
 three or four thousand dollars besides.
 Some ten or twelve of the first men in
 Augusta united in giving him a letter ol
 high commendation. It was with pain
 and reluctance that Frank left his troops
 of friends and the scenes of his child
 hood. The only motive was the law
 ful education of his children— an ad
 vantage denied them by the laws ol
 Georgia.*.
 “Ocean Penny Postage.—Will it
 Pay? —There is one fact of great
 importance lying at the threshold of our
 argument for an ocean penny postage.
 The English Government has never
 stipulated with any ocean steam packet
 company, to adhere to any fixed price
 of postage on letters or newspapers,
 transmitted in its mails. If the Govern
 ment should ever undertake to convev
 the letters of the world across the ocean
 for nothing, it would be no breach of
 contract with Cunard’s, or any other
 steam packet line. In contract with
 these lines, not the slightest allusion
 was probably made to the rates of pos
 tage which would be charged on the
 matter conveyed in the mail bags. Let
 it be remembeied then, that in giving
 the world an ocean penny postage,
 England will not have to pay a farthing
 more per annum to the steam packet
 lines in her service, than she does at
 the present rates of postage on letters
 and newspapers, to and from ccuntrio
 beyond the seas. There can be no
 reason to doubt that the ocean which
 divides between live old world and the
 new, is to become a vast field of compe
 tition between the great commercial
 nations, tor the transportation of mail
 matter and passengers. The English
 lines can bid as low for this carrying
 trade as any other nation on the globe;
 and there is no reason to doubt that
 they would be glad to retain their
 present price of carrying the mails
 between Eogktod and America, though
 newspaper were free of charge, and
 only a penny a-piece, when uoder half
 an ounce in weight. Perhaps this fact
 in itself may serve to soflea down the
 obstacles to an ocean penny postage,
 which occur to the minds of those who
 casually glance at the proposition from
 a certain magnifying distance.'*
 Blood or ajv inebriate. —lir. Pray
 recently bled a toper and found that
 the watery elements were nearly gone
 and alcohol supplied their place. He
 applied a torch to the blood and il
 ignited. It had such an effect on the
 inebrate, that be reformed.
 At a concert for the distressed poor,
 at Stourbridge, England, at the conclu
 ■»on of the song/* There’s a good time
 raw m iu miix t/ni
 Wjr mi sxdaunad, h Mr. •Plritl
 jrott couldn't fa the detf/eonld yent"
2ltorrtio(nmtto.
 POST AND WILLIS, Dealers fa Drugs, Med*.
 JT ewes, Chemicals, Dye Surfs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brashes, Pcrfmarry, Daguerreotype
 Stork, Ftenrh and Oowm demcaa, Artists*
 Galon, Brashes and Canvass, Ethsrfal OR, Gold
 Leaf sad Foil, kc. kr.
 Being A tests for most of the celebrated Family
 aad valuable Patent Medicines, aad receiving the
 same directly from the .Manufacturers or thrir Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, oa the must favorable trims.
 Homeopathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with fall directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory .Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also EtheriaJ Oil and Lamps, tor
 burning the same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy ami convenience are invited to examine these
 La nips. The attention of Country Mere Hants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, wisliing goods in the
 above Une r is requeued at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
FIR AM) SILk HATS.
 FAKRLNGTOM PRICE, manufacturer and
 denier in For and Silk Hats, Cloth ami Fur
 Capa, Ladies* Fora and Trimming-", Buffalo Rohe*
 and an assortment of Haf Cases, Umbrellas, kc.,
 ke. kc., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 00- A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 rVDKR THf MUSKl’V —fate FISH K R MORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven years, ami during that time
 procured fie him three Silver Medals, for the best
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and rrpaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Book.*,
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled,
 satisfaction, by their durability ami elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used,
 to render them equal to tlie best in tlie United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, kc., may be
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upon their lieing well bonne
 on tlie most favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. Tlie proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up the establishment, and introducing into'
 Western New York tlie latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
 CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the subsequent
 almlition of Slavery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, done on steel, —a
 book which could not lie imported for less than three
 dollars, can be had at 2k, Comb ill,,rf applied for
 immediately, at the very low pi ice of Ore Dollar.
 cash. Also, EULOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alexander Crummell, at the reduced price ol
 twelve and a half cents.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Law, Brazer’s Building, State Street.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL lI.SON, 10, Brattle Street, having
 made recent additions to his stock, is prepared to
 furnish 801 S’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 ami fit, and at as cheap pi ices, as can be obtained in
 the city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56, Union Street, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing.;
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,!
 atches, Boots and Shoes, &amp;c., exchanged for new j
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kiuds of goods,
 from one to one hundred dollars.
 JOHN D. REV ALEON,. Hair Cutting Saloon,
 u and Perfumery Emporium,. 114, Blackstoi *-st.
NEWT BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Cornhill—namely,
 Ihe Lilierly Bell for IS4S.. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, bound,
 37i cts;: in paper covers, 25 cts.
 Mr. Shack.ford’s Appeal in regard to die War with
 Mexico, 12J cts.
 Position and Duties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 cts.
 Six Months at Graefenberg. By lieurv C. Wrieht
 *l,OO. b
 Dick Crowningshield, the assassin, and Zacliary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cts. single; 25
 ct*. per dozen.
TMIOMAS P. SMITH, No. 39, Brattle Street,
 sign of the Golden Ball. New and Seeond
 hand Clothing Store.
ISAAC If. SNOW DEN, Rook, Newspaper, and
 1 Fancv Job Printer, l£, Water Street.
 03- All orders promptly attended to, and neatly
 executed.
The Massachusetts Quarter!} Review,
 COMMENCED on the first of December, 1847,
 to be continued on tlte Ist of March. June, and
 anti September. It will be devoted to the interest
 of no party or class, but its conductors will endea
 vor to present an open and fair fiekl for the notice
 and discussion of matters pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, and Humanity.
 The Review will be conducted by H. \V. Emer
 son, Theod.ne Paiker, ami J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen,
 Each number w ill contain about 125 races at the
 price of $3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subscription*, fce. should be
 addressed to the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE WILEY,
 12, W ater Street, Boston.
fIiEW YORK ADYERTISEJIEATS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reductioi
 in price*.
 Fine 4-4 Print*, Tari m* style*.
 Semi vtyles of Print* of medium quality, ucual width
 Ftne and wide Paper MuiLn*. Al*o Coloret
 Cambric*.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fin* China Umbrella*,
 Oil Clotli*.
 Salnieu, food and cheap. Also on hand, mostly ai
 reduced prices, Giujluou, various qualities aiK
 «t\ let.
 Fute aad heavy Shirting, Sheeting*, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Stri|ied Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mu*lin.
 MusUs de Laine, plain and neatly figured, ail wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannel* 4-1 good and price low. Canton flannels,
 while and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of(liferent styles.
 Apron an-1 F uratfure beck. Cotton f fandkerchief*.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuff*. AUo Linen
 D. iking, hr.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various .Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 W adding, white and colored Colton Laps. Also.
 Refined Crushed, end Polterixed Sugar-
 Brown Sugar, food quality, of various grmies.
 ‘v* ?«lus»v*ly Free Labor Good*,
 to which the Sulncriber would invi’e the attention
 ■wfhanu, aa well aa his friends sod the
 pwtl»cgeoeraiJj.
 M uch pains t* taken by the V &lt;ageri of the Free
 PMouee Association, to assist th Subscriber to eo
 Meortreeat from time to tune.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR.
 p, u WorthweM comer Fifth and Cherry -ets.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. i*i, 1849. 4 7
 BLJSHED, aad for sain ail the ofece of
 (S of the Anti Slavery Hundaid~-
 Tba Ufum «f Udwrtj.aud Fseee W Truth, Ifch
 ediuoe.
 This work enotama shout t» pages of do**
 reading |QQ MtWdM. iibowl antv
 UKwreiire eufmriags.frige 9J{«m J* muebe,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. Amy liberal die*
 eumS 10 three who purehaae a number of cep we.
 Tfe Condition, I«ftu*uee. Rights, and Appeal of
 Womm, from mrfou* authors, cent,,
 U««r to the Peoffc uf thn UmtadfeafiM, aemhhu
 t arrfej? IW
 i£,
T&gt;HILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, eorwer of Fraafc-
 A fort aad Gold Street.
WILLIAM 0, POWELL, Sadov's Hums «t
 Cherry Street. 91
 DA J. M’CUNE SMITH, ftt, Warn Bfaafa
T.S””
T9?®?? wot 8h« Make*
 Cmahery Street, Brookl,*.
 N4l. Repairing neatly executed at the
 notice and on the most reasonable term*
AA/ D. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, }tf ju-j
 f wav. Also an extensive assortment of !_!«!!!!**
 Stocks, Dosiry, Gloves, kc. WJnw CrmT U
 AUwny, Feb. 11, 1848.
GENTEEL HOARDING IlOl'gP
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, w.wW r*, mt fal»v*
 kfarm his friends ami the public, dwtthe comma.,
 to devote every attention to those pleased t« fa*,
 his ••home” with a call. The bourn i« pleasaatfa
 loratei 1 at 632 Broadway, Albanv.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
TXT ILL! AM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 VY Saloon, 1 roy House. Troy, New York.
•LLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionabfa
 v {foots and Shorn, Purvhaae Street, Nvw
 Dpi Morn.
 W B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort,
 imnt, and will sell cheap for cneh. Strict attention,
 gud to custom-made nork, by Messrs. Parker and
TITACTIINGtONM Dagurman Gaflerv, XM,
 Mam Street, KeDogg s BniWfags, Hartford,
 Connecticut.
northamptonjtater cure.
 T Electricity and Hydropathy.
 HE public lire respectfully infoi mcd, that since
 the philosophical dsduefinne »f the harried Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the scientiio
 experiments of Mr. llemnter of England,* hav r
 recently and indubitably established the feet, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived Is
 the sense of tnach. in 1844, are in I nnn rv with
 natural and phjsioWgical laws—to wit, th'nt the
 human body, in 'a healthy condition, is .1,
 rlf'tricnl ttntt, and Uiat the electrical .mm.atioae
 from the cuticular surface, indicate het.Hh, or the
 symptoms nad character of disease—there is state
 reason to hope, that- certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a Knowledge of
 which is essentialito the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their rocileiations
 against the positive h.fctricau state «f the
 human body, and will hesitate to disstiade those
 whom they hare failed to rrliere of tlicir complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp-
 Ton M at# r CTre. Thus sustained fcv the light
 «f science, the undersigned tnay be permitted her*
 to repeat hit* experience, that, in all rases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the eleetro-aefalive
 condition, tie patient is beyond the p&lt; wer of water
 to afiord relief. On the other hand, when th« parts
 of the hotly alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past tears' practice
 already convinced the public of the 'safety or tiedi
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned ia
 governed, in detecting the symptoms ami character
 ot disease, and practising the cure, the recent erien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by I’ri.fcssor
 Means ami Mr. Hemmcr, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 j tioner, by a discerning public, ami the gratitude
 I evinced by those whom he has had the pleasuie to
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 I assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 1 1 8 r t ,u&lt; 1,1 ,hc ri,Be vvery invalid who ma&gt;
 I afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, I y his
 I 01 isfinal and philosophical method tifpraetiee.
 The Northami ton M ater Cure is pleasainlv situ
 -1 a ted near Bensonville, on the west hank of Licking
 Mater, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 I from tlie centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing ami dreis
 mg-moms, for Ladies and Grntlemen, well ventil-
 I ate*l and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, amt adaptedness to water-cure
 I Puri"**". unsui passed by that of any oilier est»&gt;
 blishineiit in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picturesque amt romantic. There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired,
 a low water-cure patients to appear as they shoukt.
 plainly dressed, enjoying tlicir rambles* withy at
 being exposed to public gaze or observation.
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are Iteadache, tendency of blood to tlie head
 cokl extremities, general ami nervous debility, bror
 ehitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaur
 rlice, acute or chronic inflammation of die U.wvh*,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients wlio visit this establishment for a
 course ol treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen ami three cotton slieefs, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an vn
 bi ella, and a pair of slippers.
 T*" ns fnr treatment and board are f 5 80 to
 f 8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or die character of hia
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor.
 wiH pay fSOOper week—on the first ami second!
 floors, £8 50 per week. Patient* requiring **trm
 attention or fire in dieir rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUCGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the ears of tlm Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Lasiiagvs will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot.
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 (lit ion of the human system, is in i positive
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of thm
 generating sources within—an excess generally pats
 mg off in silence from die cuticular surface, so ihst
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hammer of
 England, upon die uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 Hie presence of positive electricity. This snrp (usage
 of tlie fluid upon die surface, we believe to lie jndis
 pensable"to die healthful condition of the while
 ttniimil economy, and dial when, from anv cau*t, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues
 G«Mddr»ss, deliver**! before tlm Medical Lid left of
 irSi tria. at dm opening of it, annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M..M.IL, IWesswr If
 iieiin.il v ami Pharmacy, ami Professor of Phvsical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 2 7
 ATIIOL HATER CURE.
 Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 X of Invalids, especially .altering from.
 AdITM ,s?**’ Hl h tr '1 &gt;a b c *»l*blishoicnt
 His house was opened C&gt;r lbs reception of patienu
 last season, ami it is believed offers rxrcller.i farili
 tiea a ph.Uophic and thorough course ia hydros
 p*'./* ™PI' l y of water is abundaul, and nv
 Pf™? P r,&gt;f ou, »ced equal to water on a
 dtstilled. Tbe location is quite eligible, being bu*
 a distance from the V, he M, railroad, Tk,
 vicinity abounds in a vaiiety of tcentry, and boa
 charming grounds for walks and ramble,. ffe that
 with die water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results Un which diry labor.
 The following case ilJusirates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of I&gt;ea. 11., of Marwick, Mass., aged
 ahum Unrti-five years, was brought to ms ht*%
 August. Her rase presented the following lAftf
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and feftwn
 supported, she forth with fell buck ward to tks
 ground. It U-iug well supported, she made an.
 effort to walk, either Cm*. when carried fiwward,
 despite her efforts to the eowtrary. wo* Id cress the
 other. «he bad been in this cunditso* nraih a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Scot,
 and was continued to the 2M. Ort. only when she
 left, so far recover**i as to be able 10 walk half a
 mile with ease. Hmce her return to her liuutlv, she
 hns continued kt hulks, with enrresponding im
 peoveuwnt to her health. Khe now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance uf a small
 giri, Hoes the work of her UruWy.
 Patients are deasred u&gt; bring three rwftwtobh*.
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair uf sheet*
 kulf a dozen towels marked, with old lines lor
 btuulngee.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord*
 necessities or choice of the pntieats.
 rhmw who nr* feu pwtieuMr ia the sefccou* of
 mpsar. or are wilting to occupy them in coianmn
 Vfth others, will be charged lees.
 Athol, March, 1840. GEORGE HOYT.
 t 1 l
 TttE DELAWARE ABOLITION WT
 A «wne will be jpuhiiahnAs*
 Wilmington, hy the Delaware Aati-Bbswr
 MNtov D «itt he edited by a Cesnsinee, and mu
 he puUwhed on a Jnlf ssedaao shaet, at iwenty-fiii*
 r
"
