"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, _
 HR. DELANT. 5
VOL. I, NO. 30.
The NORTH STAR i» published eren
 Friday, at No. 23, Hutfalo Street,
 (Oppaate the Anadt.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar, per anau■». Wwjy.
 o-basripuoa w.U be received ,er
 *'Yumi« «-ot. not exce* linj ten line. inwrte&lt;l
 tbti* (in., (n one dollar; every .ut»cqoeat .iwer
 ttoa, twenty-five cent*.
 of tile North St *R will be to attack
 SLa.RRT ia all it- f»rou »*1 "P rt, G
 L’jiivkriai. Excitation; exalt the txamfyri
 ofPbiLic Moralitt; promote tlie moral and i»
 teße'tual improvement of the Cotoßao PtoRLR 1
 and ha-ten the day of FREEDOM to the Thru
 Millions of cnr Enslaved Fellow Cour.
 TRTMIH.
 PCBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 tty All coin•mnirations relatinv to the butinm
 m Mtrt of the paper, name* of .u»eriber», reimi*
 tance*, kr., shoulJ be addressed t» Joan Dick,
 Puhliilier.
 try A Tent,, and all others twwlng eanaes, are
 ct.UMtcd to lie accurate, an 1 ipve the I‘ ylr*
 he County, an 1 the State. Each Subscriber .9 i.n
 meJiatelv credited fnr money-received.
 fry. A iv pera »n sending in ti»e payment for Mir
 subscriber*, to I* forwarded to one addrees, may
 bare a huh copy for one year.
 Q£y All letter- and cujp uuuication- must be pos.
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R- K. Walcutt,2l,Coruhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnaon, New Re Iford; Horatio \N
 Fo-t r, L-iweH; N Btifliua, Lynn; George
 Era Worce.ter Hnnr.w Spooner, l lynm.-h,
 Cliarle* If- S -th, Spr.lsf.cLl; Dua id Kuggks,
 Northampton; If. Carpenter, l plod.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 V'f. Rio.vr. —Rowland I’. Robinson, North rer
 Co.ssr.rTtcrT. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 ■Nr.w Hampshire.—Wcarc Tappan, Uradtord.
 New York. —Sy Iney 11. Gav, 112, Nassau
 Street; James McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, XVeaiburv, Oilmen County; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias D itv, Mare.lon; Willetts Keese,
 Peni, Clinton Countv; William S. Baltimore, Troy
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. JeTrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Halt, Bath.
 Rtiouc Island. —Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 a J. M. M' Iviiu, 31, Nortli ifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goiaes, Exchange
 Pla-c, Ditto; 11. Vashon, B. Bown, Pittsburg;
 William Whipper, Columbia; Isaac R .berts, Ja""li
 L. Pax»t, Norristown, Montgomery County, Milo
 A. Towiwen I, New Brighton. _
 Ohio.— Christian Doual Ison, Cincinnati; t*. W.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harvcysburgh
 War re t Cotnty; So mtel Brooke, Salem.
 M 1 cHI a a —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
From ths A iti-SKvcry Stun lard.
 A WORD TO NEWARK DIVIXES.
 The cloak of charity cnvcrcth many
 sirfs, but the name of is legi m
 which hide themselves beneath tire am
 .pic rn little of sectarianism. Her bor
 doj*J aVu wjJe eji tilj'lt to end &gt;se be
 neath their folds'all pi liner of carrup
 ti iii,. 'and much which charity huw«.
 ever benignant, however forgiving*
 strives 1n vain to hide beneath her
 scanty garments. Many wrongs seulh
 mid crouch in the protecting presence
 of. sectarianism, confident of security
 in their very littleness, and others ot
 giant growth stalk unrebuked and bold
 in their very strength. There is no
 sin, however hideous, over which she
 will not throw the Christian garb, if she
 can increase thereby her own influ
 ence; and as the devil qu -tea scripture
 to justify himself to his children, so she
 will make broad her phylacteries with
 texts from the Law and the Gospel, it
 thereby she may swell the number cfl
 her devotees.
 We have before us an address to the
 American Churches, issued recently,
 and signed by the Rev. l)rs. Spring,
 Ting, and some three or four other
 well-known clergymen of the gospel
 according to the New ork pluttorm.
 The object it aims at is pre-eminently
 a sectarian one, and the prejudice it
 appeals to—it appeals to that and na
 tional vanity alone—is the popular one
 against Catholicism. It is crowded
 from beginning to end with the cant ol
 orthodoxy, and fairly hisses with the
 sniffling pietism of the American meet
 ing-house. Its ostensible purpose is to
 solicit aid for a mission to France.
 Protestantism in France has sent an
 emissary to this country to fraternize
 with the Protestantism of America.—
 This is a matter which concerns the
 Catholicism of that country and this,
 and site is abundantly able to take care
 of it. Our private opinion is, that the
 religion of Paris is as good as the reli
 gion of New York, and that an ex
 change, could one he effected,would be
 decidedly in our favor. We doubt if
 the men in blouses would know or per
 form any better their duty to their fel
 lows, were they to have the advantage,
 once a week of the droppings from the
 Sanctuary opposite our office, where
 the spiritual ladle is in the hands of the
 Rev. Or. Spring,or of any of those of ids
 co-signers to this address; and we are
 quite sure that these Rev. gentlemen
 and their flocks might learn a valuable
 lesson from the men in blouses. There
 are certain great princples of Chris
 tianity which the French people are
 striving t 0 carrv j tl t 0 very practical
 operation just now under the motto of
 Liberty, Equality, Fraternity.
 Nevertheless we are very willing that
 at lo i&lt; ism and Protestantism should
 tight .ml .h.-.r d I.alOe, and do not at
 *ll wonder that 1(! at r shoilld uUe
 hie disturbed condition ol
 the Catholic countries to strike a hi &gt;w
 for their side of I be question. Strategy
 a,, ihoseade are a„ n| o rta„t part of
 military tact.es, and there is no great
 difference between these and tho.dogi-
 Ml. I)r Spring and hi. compatriot,
 «re doubtless good tacticians, ai|&lt; i are
 pot wanting in that essential element of
 suceeax—boldness. But in rtlc
 ular ca-’C their valor runs to rashness
 Their bravery is nothing but effront
 ery; their sectarian zeal has over
 stepped the bounds of prudence and
 modesty, and put on the brazen front ol
 impudent hypocrisy. Had they kept
 within t leir proper sphere, and advoca
 ted a crusade in France, only because
 Protestantism is better than its old en
THE NORTH STAR,
cmy, we, for one, should have hardly
 cared which succeeded io building up
 a sectarian organization at the expense
 of the true church. There is an old
 proverb with which honest men may
 comfort themselves in such a scramble.
 But Dr. Spring and hts friends have
 chosen to make their appeal to the
 American churches in a new language,
 i The signs of the timea,” they nay,
 cannot well he misunderstood.
 j The Governor among the nations is
 coming out of his place to shake terri
 bly the earth.” It is not, tliey hope,
 “with unhnllpwcd emotions” that they
 j regard at such a time “the prominence
 I which the God of heaven has assigned
 ito our own favored land. It is a re
 i markabh* fact that the revolutionary
 nations-are looking with hope to the
 American people.” An appeal for aid,
 they add, comes emphatically from
 France; from Paris; from the land of
 the Huguenots; where they have sought
 in vain for ages the liberty where
 with Christ makes us free;” but where
 the gospel has now* free choice; where
 the word of God is not bound;
 where the pure gospel is now accessible
 to the people in every form; and whose
 affecting cry 19, come over and help
 us.” France now solicits the word of
 God; an open door is set by him “be
 fore the American Churches,” which
 shall remain open if the call be an
 swered, and France be beautified with
 His salvation.”
 If the Governor among the nations
 meant ever to shake terriblv the
 earth,” in any other sense than that
 corrupt institutions, in the fullness of
 time, bear corrupt fruit, we doubt if it
 would have been put of!* till the 19th
 century. There has not been wanting
 any time these five thousand years
 good cause of interference of omnipo
 tent power to overthrow wrong and es
 tablish right, if such were the ways of
 I God’s providence. But we marvel that
 these men all reverend, and almost di
 vine as they are, can venture, while
 they bold to ouch a faith, to stay among
 brick houses. Of all the nations on
 the face of the globe, should jus
 j tice be meted out ea.efully, there is
 j not one tiiat so much merits a shaking
 as our own. Should she get her de-
 I serts, “a terrible shaking indeed
 would be hers; such an one as «would
 make a residence am mg brick meeting
 houses, like this which frowns upon us
 from over the way, dangerous in tiie
 extreme. Hid we, with these gentle
 men, believe in such general shaking
 as a special PyoWdence, such is our
 faith itt'cArnal ’|iWc£/TKSt \ve should
 fiffer*up, with the strongest hope of im
 mediate response, the prayer of the
 Scotch puritan, who, referring to some
 Popish opponent, cried out*, Shake
 him, O L &gt;id! shake him right over the
 pit of hell; hut dinua, O Lord! let him
 fall in!” Hts not Hr. Spring some
 fear of retributive justice Had he
 and his friends no compunctious visit
 ings while preparing this address?—
 W ere there not, in their mental vision
 dim spectres in multitudes—millions of
 weeping women, wretched children,and
 strong men bowed down in agony—of
 the black slaves of their own country?
 Could tliey close their ears to the
 “dumb inarticulate cry of the poor
 enslaved at home who appeal to them
 for deliverance from captivity?
 They remember, and they hope with
 no unhallowed emotions,” the promi
 nence given to our “favored land.”—
 Prominent, indeed, in her opportunities
 1 and her promises, hut alas! prominent
 now only for having forgotten the one,
 j and used the other lor evil. Have the
 reverend gentlemen no emotion to spare
 for this? Could they not get beyond
 the thick folds of their Protestant sec
 tarianism one glimpse of the fact that
 however much the gospel may have
 been a sealed book in France, or open
 ed only by proxy, that in the United
 j States it is a forbidden book—forbidden
 under pains and penalties—to one
 sixth of the people, and opened by
 themselves, the authorized expounders
 of the word, as the authority fot
 wrong? The Protestant colporteurs in
 France could find at least Protestant
 churches to whom to preach or give the
 printed gospel. But the colporteur in
 New* Orlea ts or Charleston, whether
 Protestant or Catholic, would be re
 warded with imprisonment if ceUght
 with the Bible in his hands, or the word
 of God in his mouth, wherewith to
 teach the class that most needs religious
 instruction and spiritual comfort. Did
 you, most grate and reverend Doctors,
 keep your countenances in their usual
 solemn elongation, when you said thal
 God had opened a door in France to
 the churches in America to enter and
 lead a nation to salvation—Protestani
 salvation—when you know—none know
 it better—that these very churchei
 have shut up the American slave inth€
 dark, deep dungeon of his bondage,
 hopeless, helpless, and closed upon hur
 door and window, so that not even s
 rav of the light of liberty could pene
 trate the gloom of his darkness? 1
 you did not sinile in the consciousness
 of this poorly-glazed hypocrisy, die
 you not shudder when yon rememberec
 the martyrs Drayton and Sayres, if
 their comfortless and drearv~tiuugeon if
 the capital of the country, while Liu
 church of the land has not a prayer t&lt;
 breathe for their deliverance, or a re
 monstrance for the tyranny so rampan
 here, and which, yon so rejoice, ii
 “withering” in the Old World? Du
 you not shrink, for one moment, fron
 the task of appealing for aid to spreat
 the gospel in oilier lands, wlien in you
 own, such an appeal comes from thi
 new-made grave at Covington of th«
 self-destroyed family, who preferred
 death to slavery? Could you sileoct
 the voice that would answer to tb
 Come over and help utf*’—*•* we haw
 j work at hone.”
bight is or no sex-truth is or no color—cod is ths father or vs all, and all we are brethren.
 j
However, we presume the reverent
 i* gentlencn neither thought nor cared fm
 any of these thing#, and we are almo.r
 [ashamed of prealing each idle qoes
 i lions. Thoughts of Southern dungeons,
 i and Southern graves of murdered
 1 slaves slaves w Uo silently acted whai
 Henry only said, “Give ine Libecty, oi
 give ine Death”— are not ofteD trouble*
 some to the reverend clergy of the Pro
 testant Church of America. We doubt
 if they thought of things nearer home
 even than tlie other Bide of Mason and
 Dixon’s line. The religion which sbiitl
 itself op, and mumbles prayer daily in
 Trinity church, might find occasion foi
 Vdnr p wot tee om*. its ptrCepOi should il
 step out into Wall rtreet. The poor
 who are excluded from the fashionable
 Sunday levees of Grace Cburch, are
 i nevertheless not abolished from the
 city. It is but a short walk from the
 rectory of Dr. Ting to the “Swamp”
 and Five Points” —the reason, per
 haps, why both rectory and church
 should be removed, as we understand
 they are to be, to a more fashionable
 neighborhood. Church street presents
 an excellent field for missionary labor,
 j though we would warn any sell-denying
 I young clergyman from rushing into it,
 in the expectation, from its name, that
 it is conversion from one church to an
 other that is needed there. Nor need
 these appellants for aid to France go
 even to such localities to find appro
 priate work for Christian divines. As
 we have seen from our office windows
 on Sundays the liveried lackeys, on a
 1 long line of carriajjes, who wait outside
 through sun and storm, for their mas
 ters and mistresses who are loud in theii
 holy devotions within the wails of Dr.
 i Spring’s church, we have marvelled
 I somewhat at so much care for mortal
 i bodies, and so little for immortal souls.
 Would it not he well, if Protestant
 ■j preaching is really of so much import
 ance as to call for divine interposition,
 that these Ifev. gentlemen should fol
 -1 low the divine example, and open the
 door” of the New Fork churches, to
 the dependents of their rich parishion
 i ers, and preach the gospel to the poor,
 —a gospel that will teed both soul and
 body
 The Appeal, however, we have no
 •doubt, will be responded to. Secta
 rianism does not want lor supporters,
 who will rejoice in the opportunity of
 compounding for their shortcomings at
 home, by damning those abroad com
 milted 1 by otiicr peopie. The French,
 however, gre not slow at detecting ab
 surdities, and thit»ruett«e-Ttep
 pen to striktjthcm in the right light,the
 erv would not be “come over and help
 us,” but the "more characteristic, na
 tional expression, tire la bagatelle!
 FREE TERRITORY STATE COX-'
 VEXTIO.V OF OHIO,
 Held nt Cilu nhui, on the 2'JtA an l 21 it June., 114 S
 The Convention met in the'Demo
 cratic-Mall, in the Statesman building,
 and temporarily organized by calling J.
 P. Kirtland, of Cuyahoga county, to
 the Chair, and appointing F. M. Keith,
 i of Stark county, and John C.Vaughan,
 of Hamilton county, Secretaries.
 Delegations were in attendance from
 1 nearly every Congressional District of
 the State, and also from Indiana.
 The following Resolutions adopted:
 Whereas, we have assembled in Con
 vention as the Friends of Freedom,
 Free Territory and Free Labor, willing
 and desirous to co-operate with any
 party thoroughly resolved and inflexibly
 determined to permit no farther exten
 sion of Slavery, and to resist the
 alarming aggressions of the Slave
 power, but prepared also, in the event
 that each of the great political parties
 1 should nominate candidates unfaithful
 to Freedom, to act as befits men deter
 mined to resist, by all constitutional
 j means, the introduction of slavery into
 National Territories
 And whereas, the Convention styling
 itself Democratic, assembled at Balti
 more, on the *22d day of May, ISIS,
 nominated for the Presidency, Lewis
 Cass whose recent ardent friendship
 for the Wilmot Proviso has been sud
 denly converted into decided hostility by
 the operation of Presidential operation:
 1 and the Convention, styling itself
 assembled nt Philadelphia on the 7the
 !day of June, 1848, nominated for the
 Presidency Zachary Taylor, a large
 slaveholder of the extreme South, who
 lias never avowed, a sentiment in favor
 1 of the restriction of slavery, but from
 his position, circumstances, habits and
 associations, must be prepared to be
 favorable to its extension
 And whereas, among the principles
 of Ohio avowed by her Legislature,
 cherished by her citizens, and incorpo
 rated in her fundamental law, none are
 more firmly fixed than this of opposi
 tion to Slavery Extension
 Ist. Resulted therefowe That this
 Convention, and the Freemen whotn
 this Convention represents, unwilling
 to submit to slavthoidiug dictation, but
 determined, now and hereafter, at all
 limes and under all circumstances, to
 resist inflexibly the aggressions of the
 Slave Power, reject, with indignation,
 the nominations dictated by the slave
 holders to tin? Baltimore and Philadel
 phia Conventions, as utterly unworthy
 of (he support of noaslavcboldiagjree
 men.
 •2d. Resolved,' TW the Proviso of Jef
 ferson, to prohibit the existence ef slav
 ery after 1800, in all the territories ol
 the United States, southern and north
 ern the votes of six states and sixteen
 delegates in Congress for the Proviso,
 to three states and seven delegates
 against it the actual exclusion of
 -slavery from the Northwestern Territo
 ry by the ordinance of 1787. Unani
 mously adopted by Congress end the
 entire history «f the* period, clearly
 .show that it wax the settled patio* of
 the nation not to exteqgl or n mfonelme,
 *iv. m J 9 JfcA*
ROCHESTER, ft Y, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1848,
but io ffrnit and localize slavery and
 to this policy, which ought never
 hdve been departed lYom, the govern
 meet Ought rmiiiediatetr to mom
 3d. Jfossfoed, n.Ot our tethers or
 fdained the. Constitution of the United
 j States to establish justice, promote the
 j general welfare, and secure the bless?
 j mga of liberty but expressly denied
 to the Government which they created,
 j all constitutional power to deprive any
 person of life, liberty or property with
 out dde legal process.
 I 4th. Resolved That in the judgment
 of thitTCoavention, Congress Tibs no
 power slavery. No such
 pbtfer can be found among those
 specifically conferred by the Constitu
 tion or derived by implication from
 them.
 sth. Resolved, That Congress hav
 ing no power to authorize slavery in
 the territories, is bound by every con
 sideration of reason, justice, sound
 policy and constitutional obligation to
 prohibit its introduction.
 Gth. Resolved, That we accept the
 1 issue tendered us by the slaveholders,
 and to their demand for more Slave
 J Slates and more Slave Territory, our
 answer is No more slave States and
 no slave Territory.,’
 ?th. Resolved, That we greatly ho
 nor the bold, honest and independent
 conduct of the New York Democracy,
 in maintaining the principles of Jefl’er
 son against the extension of slavery
 and of her delegates to the Baltimore
 Convention, in refusing to accept seats
 in that body upon conditions dishonora
 ble to their constituents and iusulting
 to them, and we earnestly desire to co
 operate with them in the approaching
 struggle for Free soil—for Free men.
 Bth. Resolved That we repose full
 confidence in the purity, wisdom, pat
 j riotism and firmness of John McLean,
 j His opinions that “slavery can exist
 I only by virtue of a special law;” that
 i “the common law, national law and
 law oi nature are opposed to it;” that
 the relation of master and slave is an
 a;tiiioiul relation, created by the muni
 cipal law and consequently cunnot exist
 beyond the binding influence of such
 law and that Congress has no
 power to constitute slavery anywhere,”
 meet our warmest approval and hcart
 icst concurrence.
 j; 9th. Resolved, That Preston King,
 John Van Buren, George Kathbun and
 r their associates, by their indomitable
 courage and inflexible»perseverance in
 Jbadiug.. the Nw*» Yurk Democracy
 [against the combined forces of Hunker
 ism and slavery, have entitled them
 selves to the admiration of all lovers ol
 Freedom and haters of Despotism.
 10th. Resolved, That the independent
 1 and fearless speech and conduct of Jo
 shua R. Giddings, John G. Palfrey,
 Amos Tuck, Jr, and David Wilmot
 and their worthy colleagues in Con
 gress, in opposition to t.iC demands ol
 the slave power and of Henry il
 son aud Charles Allen ot Massachu
 setts, and of Lewis D. Campbell, D. R.
 Tilden and Samuel Gall &gt;way ol Ohio,
 in opposition to the nomination of Gen.
 Taylor, in the Philadelphia Conven
 tion, meet our cordial approval, and
 correctly express the determination ol
 i the freemen of the free States,
 i 11th. Resolved. That John P. Hale—
 the first rebel against Hunkeriam and
 j Slavery in the Democratic party, and
 the first victor over their combined
 powers—by his bold and uncoinpromis
 sing defense in the Senate of the United
 States, of free speech, free printing,
 free soil and free labor against the
 aggressions of the slave power, has
 won for himself the enduring confidence
 and affection of all true hearted Ameri
 cans.
 12th. Resolved, That we recognize
 t as valid that interpretation of the doc
 trine of tree soil which assures to actual
 settlers, under suitable limitations, the
 free grant of reasonable portions ol
 the public Domaiu, as permanent homes
 for themselves and their children aud
 we fully believe that the Iree and inde
 pendent yeomanry, wliich such a policy
 would create, would prove, in every
 emergency, the surest safeguard and
 defence ot free institutions,
 i 13th. Resolved, That we demand a
 retrenchment of the expense* and
 patronage of the Federal Government,
 tlie abolition of all unnecessary offices
 and salaries, and the election by the
 people of all civil officers in the service
 of the Government, so far as the same
 inay be practicable.
 14th. Resolved, That we demand
 Freedom and Established Institutions
 for our brethren in Oregon, who are
 now exposed to hardship, peril and
 massacre by the reckless hostility ol
 the slaveholders to the establishment ol
 a Free Government for a Free Terri
 tory.
 jStfc. Resolved, That we invite a!
 Friends of Freedom free Territory ant
 Fr* Lai»er opposed to the election ol
 Cass or Tavlor, to assemble in Conven
 tion at Buffalo, on the 9th day of An,
 gust, 1848, to aoroioate candidates foi
 the Presidency and Vice Presidency ol
 the United .Stales, aad take swell othei
 measures as the crisis requites.
 16th. Resolved That we earnestly
 recommend to the Fre«nienof Ohio, t&lt;
 support no ms* Tor Congress or th&lt;
 State Legislature who is oof an assure*
 friend and faithfiil maintainer of tin
 principles of freedom, and ready to act
 independently, with aay party, oj
 against any party, as the cause of free
 dom Free Territory and frets Ura
 may retire.
 |7ib. Resolved, That we deem it in
 expedient, artWs time, «d make anj
 nomination for Governor.
 18th. Resolved That R S. Hamlin
 Thomas Balton, Edward Wa*. T. C
 Floyd, and Joseph hymn j* Cy»
 CmnroWee?’ autbori=*dTo act for tk*
independent Friends of Freedom, fre&lt;
 Territory end Free Labor, m»tH tfa«
 appointrnent ©f their successors by I
 subsequent State Convention, and thai
 they be asthonzd to fill their ©wt
 vacancies and appoint corresponding
 members in each count/.
 19tb. Resolved, That for the advaace
 ment of our cause we put our trust in
 God and invoke His guidance in our ef
 forts for the redemption of our country
 from the yoke of the Slave Power.
 20th Resolved —(Ont&amp;otionof Jamei
 A. Briggs, of Cuyahaga)—Thst we de
 mand tor the people of the West an
 adequate system of River and Hnrboi
 Improvements, uhd'we firmly believe
 that the ascendancy of the Slave Pow
 er in the National councils has hitherto
 constituted the chief obstacle to the
 j adoption of such a system.
 21st. Resolved —(On motion of P.
 [Blise, of Lorain) —That a newspaper
 devoted to Freedom, Free Territory
 and Free Labor, be established in the
 city of Columbus, and we pledge our
 selves to extend its circulation.
 22. Resolved, That the Proceedings
 and Addresses of this Convention be
 I published in all the Independent papers
 of the State in favor of Free Soil f» I
 Freemen, and also in pamphlet form,
 and that we earnestly recommend to
 °ach county in the State to take efiT
 i-tent measures for the circulation of the
 I Proceedings and the Address to the
 people of Ohio in every county and dis
 trict.
 OHIO STATE LIBERTY CONTEN
 TION,
 Held at Columliis June 22d, 1848.
 i The State Convention met in pursu
 i ance of the call of the State Committee,
 at the city of Columbus, on the 22d ol
 June, 1848, and was organized in the
 Hall of the House of Representatives,
 by the appointment of A. A. Guthrie,
 of Muskingum county, as President: ol
 Dr. Martin, of Fayette county, and
 Amos Moore, of Hamilton county, as
 I Vice Presidents, and S. Matthews of
 Lake county, and H. H. Sperry, of
 Hamilton, as Secretaries.
 Prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr.
 Boucher.
 On motion of Q,. F. Atkins, of Cuya
 hoga county, F. D. Parish, of Erie,
 James Biruey, of Hamilton, 11. L.
 Preston, of Columbiana, G. W. Ellis,
 of Licking, and James D. Taylor, ol
 4 Summit, were appointed a'committee
 to prepare*and report resolutions for the
 consideration of the Convention,
 j After the committee had retired,Sam
 uel Lewis being called upon, forcibly
 f and eloquently addressed the Conven
 tion, and was repeatedly interrupted by
 enthusiastic cheering. He was follow
 ed by J. D. Taylor, of Summit Co., in
 1 an animated address.
 J In the speeches of both these gen
 tlemen, the aggressions of the slave
 power, and the despotic control over
 the two great political parties, as man-
 I itested by the Baltimore and Phila
 delphia Presidential nominations, were
 exhibited with clearness and power.
 The committee on resolutions report
 ed a series,which, after some discussion
 upon the 2d and 3d, were all adopted
 with great unanimity.
 The following resolutions were
 adopted:
 Resolved, That we cannot consist
 i ©fitly with our principles as Liberty
 i men, support any candidate for Govem
 or, or other office,who either expressly
 j or by silence gives his sanction to the
 nominations or proceedings of either
 the Baltimore or Philadelphia Couven
 tions.
 Resolved, Thnt in view of the tran
 scendant importance of united, harmo
 nious and vigorous action in support of
 candidates for the Presidency and Tice
 Presidency, who are avowedly, openly,
 heartily and unqualifiedly in favor of the
 exclusion of slavery from national Ter
 ritories, and opposed to the admission
 4 of anv more Slave States, and the
 support of candidates for Congress,
 i and the State Legislatures, who will
 act independently on all parties for the
 advancement of the great cause of
 j Freedom, Free Territory, and Free
 Labor, we deem it expedient not to ex
 pend our resources and energies upon a
 1 canvass for the gubernatorial office this
 year.
 1 Resolved, however, That inasmuch
 as future developments may render a
 t course of action different from that con
 temphited in the foregoing resolutions,
 expedient and necessary, we hereby
 I authorize the State Liberty Committee,
 if in their judgment the cause ©f free
 dom shall require it, to nominate a can
 didate for Governor, or in the exercise
 of their own disc ret on to call a State
 Delegate Convention equal in numbers
 [to tile Senators and the Representa
 tives in the State Legislature, and
 elected in districts and counties, by
 District and County Conventions, to
 make such nominations and take 1 such
 j other action aa circumstances may re
 quire.
 Resolved, That we bare abiding eon
 t fide nee in the ability, wisdom, pattotism
 and faithfulnes* to the cause of free
 dom of John P. Halo and Leicester
 King; and so long as they continue otfr
 candidates, we pledge them oi it cordial
 l and unanimous stfpporf.
 Resolved, That ia the event flint the
 names of John P. Hale and Leicester
 ‘King shall be continued before the
 People as tho candidate# of onr sopar
 v ate organisation, an© the Independent
 Free i errtt wf CtmywtFwi fit BufFdlo
 .{shaft firtf to jhwseat ft candidates for
 the of fMf Freemen of flia
 {Free States, and of all tfa» Stales op
 tposod to the deqpads of lb© rd«re
 if****
 Electoral Tichot, for tha amort ©f
 the Liberty *eh
domination to a future State Conven
 tion, it' they shall deem it expedient to
 call one.
 Resolved, That we hereby approve
 holding a National Independent Free
 Territory Convention at Buffalo, in purr
 suance of the call of the Independent*
 People’s Convention of Ohio,and earn
 estly hope that it may be the means ot
 uniting the people of the Free States in
 a determined and persevering effort for
 the final overthrow of the Tyrant Slave
 Power.
 Resolved, That while we hlso hearti
 ly approve of the principles and mean*
 urea set fortl|m the Resolutions of the
 People** Condition, and are read).' to
 co-operate with the Friends of Free-.
 dom, Free Territory, and Free Labor, j
 represented in that body, in the inde-|
 pendent support of those principles and;
 measures, and of candidates represent-1
 ing them, we deem it our duty to de-|
 clare, our fixed adherence to the prin
 ciples and measures which as Liberty!
 men we have heretofore adopted and
 promulgated, and our unchanging de
 terminaion never to cease our efforts
 for the repeal of all unjust and partial
 legislation, and for the abolition of sla
 very throughout the (Juion by the Con
 stitutional action of the National and
 State Governments.
 On motion of F. D. Parish, of Erie
 county, the following resolutions were
 also adopted;
 Resolved, That the following per
 sons be and they are hereby appionted
 the State Liberty Committee, for the
 current year, viz: James Birnev, Thos.
 Heaton, Stanley Matthews, E. Har
 wood, Amos Moore, A. A. Guthrie,
 Dr. S. M. Smith, Dr. Adam 9 Jewett,
 Edward Wade and Geo. McCulloch.
 Resolved, That the State Committee
 he authorized to raise funds to employ
 lecturers and distribute publications du
 ring the present canvass.
 On motion of S. P. Chase, of Hamil
 ilton, it was
 j Resolved, That we recommend to the
 Independent Free Territory Conven
 tion, about to assemble at Buffalo, the
 nomination of John P. Hale, of New
 Hampshire, and Leicester King, of
 Ohio, as candidates for the Presidency
 and Vice Presidency of the United
 States
 On motion, it was,
 Resolved, That we proffer our thanks
 to the officers of this Convention tor the
 fidelity and ability with whichthby have
 performed their duty.'
 The business of the Convention being
 closed, it was
 Resolved, That with devout grati
 tude to Almighty G*&gt;d, and with
 J greatly increased confidence in the fi
 j nal and speedy triumph of the glorious
 cause of Freedom and Humanity,
 this Convention do now adjourn with
 out day.
 TIIG DIFFERENCE.
 It is amusing, if not instructive, to
 look over the Whig and Democratic
 papers übout these times It is well
 known that there is great dissatisfaction
 in both parties, with respect to the nom
 ination of Cass and Taylor, and if all
 signs do not fail, there will be tens of
 thousands who will Ifolt in November,
 and cast their votes for freedom. But
 the way a Whig or Democratic editor
 treats these disaffected ones—and how
 easy he can make wrong right, and
 right wrong, as the case may he—is a
 caution, 'fake, for instance, a Whig
 editor, and bear hint discourse of the
 Wilmot Proviso Democrats of New
 York. These are set down as men of
 stern integrity and unbending principle,
 who nobly spurn Southern dictation,
 and are not governed by the motto,
 “our party, right or wrong;” and
 after some more hackneyed phrases,
 the article winds up. with assuring
 them that posterit) will do them
 justice.”
 In another column, the same editor
 indites an article respecting those anti
 slavery and anti-war Whigs who repu
 diate the nomination of Taylor; but oh!
 what “a change comes o’er the spirit of
 his dream!” They axe spoken of as
 Professed Whigs;” men of narrow
 views,” wiioaim at distracting the party
 and working its defeat, to the lasting
 injury of—those who want office. They
 are petted, then coaxed, then scolded,
 in order to bring them back into tin?
 Whig fold? and are plainly told that
 they have no right to private judge
 ment after the Grand Sanhedrim has
 spoken.
 The sarna course is pursued by the
 Democratic papers, although rev *rsed
 in the application. They see evident
 marks of returning sanity hi the Pro
 viso Democrats, and are expecting a
 real political mil le ilium in the Demo
 eratie family, before the Ist of Novem
 ber. With respect to the W higs, how
 ever,they see irreconcilable difficulties
 the anti-slavery portion of them are
 composed of “sferorer stuff tbarf to
 abandon their faith, and bind them
 selves four years longer to the slave
 power.
 We presume there editors tike great
 credit to themselves for the ingenuity
 displayed in splitting hairs, and show
 ing that a certain coarse of action oa
 the part of a Whig in little else than
 treason on the part of a Democrat, and
 tut vtrta; bat we think their readers
 will arrive at a different conclusion,tad
 judge that if it is the duty of a Whig to
 repudiate bis party when it sacrifices
 principle, it is the duty of a Democrat
 to repiafcate Iris for the srine reason.—
 Mercer lAumnar j.
 ICT Nothing Is more easy than l«
 magnify a trifling ewewnstanee n*o a
 wrtori misfortune, by sufffcriwg the
 mind to dwell upon, and place io.every
 &amp;£Jt2SLSZ £mx
foil* DICK, PttMsasa.
WHOLE N 0.—30-
THE PREHEAT AGS
 No former age or people is to bo
 compered with any since the invention
 of printing; for since that time there
 have been no insolated states, and con
 sequently no insulated influences of tho
 state ob its coinpon nt parts. Strangers
 and returned travellers, Whom LyCurg
 us excluded from his republic, like epi
 sodes and the intervention of gods from
 the dramatic unities, now trsrerse every
 country under the name of missals and
 waste paper. No one is airy longer a
 lone, not even an island in the most
 distant sea; comes it that ths
 political balance of power of many states
 collected under ot\e arm of the balance;
 is rfow first mooted. Europe is an inter
 laced, tnisgrowrr banyan forest, round
 which the other quarters of the horld
 lfke parasite plants, and nourish
 themselves on its decayed parts. Book#
 form a universal republic, a union ot
 nations, or a society, whereby a secon’d
 or duplicate Europe arises; which, like
 London, lies in several counties and
 districts. As now, on the one side, tho
 book-pollen flying everywhere, brings
 the disadvantage that no people can any
 longer produce a bi d of flowers true
 and unspotted with foreign colors—as
 now no state can be any longer formed
 purely, slowly, and by degrees from it
 self, but, like an Indian idol, composed
 ofdiflerent animals, must see the vari
 ous members of the neighboring state#
 mingled with its growth—so, on the
 other side, through the ecumenic coun
 cil of the book-world, thfc spirit of a
 provincial assembly can no longer
 slavishly enchain their people, and art
 invisible church frees it Iront the visible
 one. And therefore we educate now
 with some hope for the age, because wo
 know that the spoken word ot the Ger
 man teacher is re-echoed by the print-
 Jcd page, and that the citizen of the
 world, under the supervision of the
 universal republic, will not sink into
 the citizen of an injurious state,
 more because, though books may bp
 dead, yet glorified men, their pupils Wifi
 ever hold themselves ns their living
 relatives. That the age writes so much
 on education, shows at once ita ab
 sence and the feeling ot its importance.
 Only lost Things arc cited aboot the
 street#. The German State itself ntf
 longer educate# sufficiently; conse
 quently the teacher*should do it in tiro
 nursery, from the.pulpit, aryl from the
 desk.- The foiFcing-hoase in Rome ana
 Sparta are destroyed—in Sirtai in the
 i Arabian desert sonic few yet stand—
 theeid circle that the Sta.e should plan
 and direct the education, and this a
 -1 gain act on that, has been very much
 rectified, or indeed squared, by &lt;h6 art
 i of printing; for now men, elevated a
 bovc all state#, educate states; dead
 men, for instance, like Plato; jtist as irt
 the deep old morning-world, according
 to the saga, angels with gloris, wund
 ered about, guided, like children, the
 new men who bad sprung outofthe ruins
 and, having ended tliei.r instruction,
 vanished into heavenn. The CHfth ac
 cord ffg io Zach’s ingrnions idea, ha#
 been formed from congregated moons,
 one moon striking on the American
 side, drove the deluge over the old
 world; the sharp-pointed, wildly-up
 piled Switzerland, i# nothing ntorO than
 a visible moon, that oifce tumbled from 1
 its pure ether down to the earth; and
 so there is in intellectual Europe, far
 more than in any age or quarter of the
 world not addicted to printing, a con
 gregation of soul-worlds, or of world
 soi/ls, sr nt or fallen from heaven. Tho
 great man has now a higher throne, and
 his crown shines over a wider plain;
 for he Works, nut only by action, but
 also by writing—not only by action,
 but also, like thunder, by an echo.—So
 one mind influences its neighboring
 minds, and through that the masses; us
 many little ships draw a large one into
 harbor, #o inferior minds bring the
 great one to Shore that it may be un-
 I laden.— R.chUr'u L/ernna.
 1 Rroirr or PinnoN iii the Brit
 ish Parliament. —The right of Peti
 tion in the British House of Commons
 i%more carefully guarded than in our
 American Senate. In this body, peti
 i tioos touching the subject of slavery in
 the District of Columbia—a subject
 clearly within the legislative power of
 Congress—are virtually denied a bear
 ing! The question of reception i# rais
 ed, and this question is laid upon the
 table, so that the petitions are not
 really received by the Senate.
 Now, let us see how our neighbor#
 across the Atlantic, whom we sometimes
 pity for enjoying So much less liberty
 than we do, manage this matter. Ort
 the 23th of March, Mr. Wakely pre
 sented a petition to the Commons, from
 ’.James Beale a clergyman, praying
 among other things, for the abolition of
 the House of Lords. This was a prsy
 'er for the abolition of a fundamental
 part of the British Constitution,
 j Sir R. login rose to a point of order.
 I Ha objected to the reception of the pe
 Ution. Mr. Hume rose to order. So
 member, he said could, under the roles
 l of the House, object to a petition be
 -1 ing brought up. And the Speaker ron-
 I curved. Sir R. Ingli* replied, eoMem*'
 ing that no individual h w a n f[* r
 i petition for the aboluioe of tfce Houee
 of Lord.. S*r O. Urrr &lt;*&lt;r
 receiving k. S.rJ. .h^M. I
 ought Snt lo be rotortetd. Mr
 Hun*- #ai«f the House had nothing t»
 do with the opinion* of petitions, that
 even petition# against Monarchy or for
 a Republic ought fob« received Af
 ter tow* farther conversation. Sir R
 H. Ingles said, he was glad io hear
 that the House was Wnfnhnort# against
 the prayer of (he petition, and would
 bow withdraw his objection to its re
 ception.
 So much for (be right of petition m
 the British In
"
