"Poctrp.
WisTritLO, June, I*4B.
 8 m,—The object ofthi*rt»mmun*n»lkm i* to give
 jot* my view an i feeling* on the sobject of slavery
 as k exists in ihi* nation. (wd i« lrm»i to the
 pour and the oppressed; an&gt;l that man who Labor*
 to put hi* felV in poasciaKia of hi* natural
 and inalienable right*. and to do him good, tabor* in
 floii’i t*uw. It is my humble conviction that ik
 person arrive* to the dignity of man, until lie aec*
 thi* world spread out before him a* hi* mighlnrltoo.
 ami fiel-l of labor, and can recognize etm humar
 •owl a* hi* brother. 1 make no other apulogy fix
 what I hare written than that made by friend in t
 lecture he gave on slavery, tliat rough truth* at
 better than smooth lies.”
 THE NORTH ANI) THE SOUTH.
 See the might of the north, and the prida of tl.«
 south—
 The y’re unite 1 a* one in the crime;
 For tier rob the infant dear, disregard the mother',
 tear,
 For humanity care not a dime.
 There are |&gt;ricst* of the north aud pheat* of tin
 south,
 In synods and conferences agree,
 Withr the Bible in tlscir hand with Jehovah the;
 contend,
 Despising tiw soul that's made free.
 Tlw priests and the (tropic they both well agrue,
 To say that the slave shan't Is* free;
 For they Ike the tyrant's wand to control when the
 can,
 Over body and e'en soul, as we we.
 The poles'of tin north and the pole* of the south,
 Make pretentious to lilwrlv and fame;
 The flags tiw there unfurl declare to a think in
 world
 dross deception and frati i in the game.
 Th gags of the north and the gag* of tli« south,
 In the mobs and the crowd* are displayed;
 The southern tyrant frets, and his northern hclpe
 sweats,
 With a conscience that's foul and disturbed.
 The master in the south, and hi* lackey in the nortl
 With shame and confusion be driven,
 Till they own the rights of men,-and their hand
 they wash clean
 From this stain of the Uood of the slain.
 But the people legislate, and the priests imitate,
 To despise our &lt;iod without fear;
 For they take away the w ife from the husband dur
 ing life,
 And they scatter the children moet dear.
 O shame on the man with the Bible in hi* hand,
 Contending that slavery is right;
 He *s well known as a fool, for he’* but a tyrant
 tool,
 To accomplish deed* of darkness in the night.
 J. W.
 THEBE’S NO SUCH WORD AS FAIL.
 BV ALICE G. LEE.
 Tiie proudest motto for the young!
 Write* it in lines of gold;
 1 ’p m thy heart and in thy mind,
 The stirring words enfold:
 AnJ in misfortune’s dreary honr,
 Or fortune’s prospering gale,
 ’Twill have a holy, cheering power—
 There’s no such word a* fail.
 The sailor on the stormy sea,
 May sigh for distant land,
 And free and fearless though he be,
 W ish he were near the strand;
 But when the storm on angry wings,
 Bears lightning, sleet, and hail,
 lie elinibs the slippery inast, and sing*,
 There’s no such word a* fail.
 Tlki weary stu lent, liending o'er
 The tomes of other days,
 An 1 dwelling on their magic lore,
 For inspiration prays;
 An I though with toil his brain is weak,
 llis brow is deadly pale,
 The language of his heart w ill speak—
 There’s no such word as fail.
 The wily statesman bend* his knee
 Before time's glittering shrine,
 And would an humble suppliant 1«
 To genius so divine.
 Yet though ids progress is full slow,
 And enemies may rail,
 Me thinks at last the world to show
 There’s no such word as fail.
 The soldier on the battle plain,
 When thirsting to lie free.
 And throw aside a tyrant’s chain,
 Says,'On for Liberty!
 Our household and our native land,
 W e must, we will prevail!
 Then foot to foot, and hand to Imnd,
 There’ s no such word as fail.
 The child of sod, though oft beset
 By foes without—within,
 These precious words will ne’er forget,
 Amid their dreadful din,
 But upward looks with eye of faith,
 Armed with the Christian mail;
 And hi the hottest conflict saith,
 There’s no such word as fail
 HUMMER.
 XT 1.E1C.11 HUNT.
 The months we used to lead of
 Have come to us again,
 \Vithcheerfulnc&lt;B and sunniness
 And rare delights of rain;
 The lark is up, and says aloud.
 East and west I see no cloud.
 The lane* are full of roses,
 The fields are grassy deep;
 Tbe U-afinrss and llowciinrss
 Make one alnindant heap;
 The balmy, blossom-breathing airs
 Smell of future plums and pears.
 Tbe sunshine at our waking
 Is still found smiling bv,
 With U aiaiiig ics* and earnestness,
 Like some beloved e\e;
 And all tlie day it srr.us to take
 Delight in being wide awake.
 I
 WHAT MKSHT BE DONE.
 BV PS. X'XAV.
 What might I** done it men wore wise—
 What gW inus deeds, my snttenag brother,
 Would they unite,
 In love and right,
 And cease their seom «&gt;f one another 1
 Oppression’s lie art might Is* imlm'* I
 With kindling drops of totiiig-kmdnesi;
 And knowledge (tour
 From shore shore,
 Light on I lie eyes of mental bhivlne**.
 AH slavery waifare, lie* «nd wrongs.
 All viee and rrime might due together,
 And milk and torn,
 To each man born,
 Be free as warmth in wininvr weather.
 The mrane.t wretch'dial ever trod.
 Tin deepest sunk in guilt and sorrow,
 Might stand rrrrl
 In self-reeper t,
 And share tin* naming wurki In-morrow.
 Wltal might lie done! Thi* might be dime,.
 Arid iiujre titan this, tny ttillering hn titer—
 More than tlsc toucisa
 K’er said or Ming,
 If men were wwe and loved each other.
S elcctisns.
ADDRESS TO THE FRIENDS
 OF LIBERTY.
 An appeal is made to ike friends of
 Liberty to unite with those who have
 I recently detached themselves* from the
 two political parties with which they
 have hitherto acted, in elevating to the
 Presidency some citizen who has gooe
 no farther in the great work of Anti-
 Slavery Reform than to avow his reso
 lution to oppose the farther Extension
 j f Slavery, and this appeal, we regret
 to say, is endorsed by a few individuals
 in the Liberty party who n-ed streuu
 ous cH'otts to bring about the nomina
 j tion of Messrs. Hale and King. Permit
 us, therefore, in this exigency, to en
 treat you to be steadfast snd unmovable,
 to adhere to the wise policy you have
 already marked out, and the rnaiute
 -1 nance of which has made you so influ
 ential. Even many of those w ho ccn
 pured you, at the last Presidential elec,
 tion, for voting for a third candidate,
 I under t!ie pretence that the nominee ol
 either the Whig or Democratic party
 j would certainly be elected, and therc
 i fore vour votes would be thrown away,
 now commend your adlicrencc to prin
 cipal, by saying, “Because others do
 wrong, it is no reason for us to antici
 pate their crime.” They also imitate
 your past policy, forsake their old
 organizations, and form a distinct politi
 cal party. Thus they hear testimony
 'to the wisdom of your former coarse
 J while they solicit you to unite with them
 that your votes may swell the number
 that will he cast for the V\ ilmot-Provi
 so candidate. But while we approve
 their rising spirit ol independence, let
 r us not listen to these solicitations, let
 them proceed from whatever quarter
 they may. If you relinquish the high
 i position you have attained by so much
 toil and sacrifice, you will jeopard the
 cause. Nav, if to accommodate those
 who profess to aim only at the non-ex
 tension of slavery, you postpone the
 j great work of emancipation, and substi
 j tute a new issue for the glorious one al
 ready made, and which has been so
 successfully maintained, you will injure
 those who now seek your alliance. You
 have associated, to use the sentiments
 of the Address of the Southern and
 Western Convention of 1845, not as
 partisans, but for the purpose of sub
 serving Truth and Right; to oppose
 not merely the Extension of slavery,
 hut to bring about, by all lawful and
 righteous acts, its complete overthrow,
 j Your association is founded upon the
 I great cardinal principle of true Demo
 cracy and of true Christianity, the
 i Brotherhod of the Human Family; you
 have resolved on waging war against
 j slavcholding as the direst form of op
 pression, and then against every other
 species of tyranny and injustice; you
 are aiming to carry out the principle of
 Liberty in all its consequences, out as a
 more Abolition party, but as a party
 that aims at the extinction of slavery
 because slaveholding is inconsistent
 j with Christian and Republican princi
 pies—aiming at it not as an ultimate
 end, but as an illustrious era in the ad
 j vancemcnt of Society to be wrought out
 by its action and instrumentality.
 By asserting and maintaining these
 high and uncompromising principles
 you have, with God's blessing, niatfe a
 deep impression upon your countrymen,
 commanded the respect of Mankind,
 and induced large numbers of the con
 siderate and patriotic adherents to the
 other political parties to pause, resolve
 j on new associates, and take the first
 stop in withstanding the encroachment
 i of the slave-Power. Be it your privi-
 to go Toward in the great work of
 I political regeneration, to aim at a still
 higher standard, and to lead foward the
 Allies of freedom until Liberty shall he
 proclaimed throughout the land to all
 the inhabitants thereof. Do not, we
 beseech you, retreat under the pretence
 that you can thus urge on more effect
 ually those who have just commenced
 the march of Liberty. This is not the
 way to influence men nor to preserve
 your own integrity. Sound philosophy
 and political experience show that those
 worthy to conquer must lead, and that
 they who are feeling the first aspirations
 of freedom w ill follow ihose w ho bear
 the loftiest standard.
 1 s it said, this is a “crisis”—“a
 special case”—“unite this once,” and
 the Liberty Party hereafter can act as
 efficiently as before? This is the stereo
 typed declaration on the eve every
 Presidential Election. You have, with
 but few exceptions, refused to listen to it
 heretofoie. Refuse compliance with it
 now. At every election, temptations
 will be presented to postpone action on
 the great objects of your association, to
 carry some collateral issue, and thus
 friends or foes essay to make you in
 strumental in achieving iuferiorgood at
 the expense of fundamental principles.
 Y’ou ought not to enter into comprom
 ises, baiters, or substitutions. Profit
 bv experience. Never ri?k the success
 of the-cause by making an issue on a
 minor point. Adherence to principle
 has been your tower of strength. In
 stead of lowering your standard you
 have elevated it. Thus you have in
 fused coinage into your ranks, and
 gained the respect of other parties. Is
 it said by uniting with the disaffected of
 the other political parties, you may in
 spire them with your sentiments, and
 induce them, if successful now with your
 aid, to take hold of the work of emanci
 pation? Numerically y ou are the small
 est portion, ..nd would he in danger of
 losing your indontity as well as vour in
 fluence, It is only in moral principle
 that you are now superior to others.
 Besides, w«at w ill he your position if
 the party with which you are invited to
 merge yourselves should be unsuccess
 ful? Like that of Samson in the prison
 house.
 Y\ a can K t believe that any voter
 cutitled to the appellation of a friend to
 Liberty—we wish wi* could sav t we do
 not believe that any professing Chris
 tian—will, under any consideration,
 vote for a belligerent demagogue aod
 aristocrat, or be carried away by popu
 lar excitement, to aid in elevating to the
 highest office in the country a warrior
 destitute of civil qualifications, and
 who*-* reputation is derived from his
 success as a practitioner in the s«i
 en»« of human butchery, in a war
 that his own partisans bavs styled
 unconstitutional. unnecessary,
disgraceful,” and H barbarous.
 Neither is h to be imagined that a sin
 gle individual tbo prises Libert/ am
 abhors slaver/, who loves peace am
 values our Christian institutions, wil
 vote either for a slaveholder or &lt;mm
 a ho is the creature of slaveholders
 and who, for personal aggrandisement
 and the power to distribute the office!
 t sod treasure of the nation on politico
 partizans, would plunge his countrj
 into a war with an/ nation with whicl
 a quarrel could be provoked. Shook
 this be the case, however, and a mat
 answering either description be elevatec
 to the Chief Magistracy, a lesson nev
 er to be forgotten will have beet
 given to the young men of this coun
 try, teaching them that time-serving,
 office-seeking and flattering dema
 gogueism, or successful fighting foi
 territory and slaver)' are the tests ol
 merit, and the qualiflcations for civil
 office in the estimation of the People ol
 the United States.
 Neither can we believe that any Lib
 ert v party man will cast his vote for a
 politician who has, when in power,
 proffered his aid to the slaveocracy o!
 the country, and the world, and whe
 has not evinced any desire that the re
 cord should be expunged. Thougli
 ready to award due praise to him whe
 has repeatedly and ably advocated the
 doctrine of the non-extension of sla
 very, we cannot believe that while hf
 rests there, and is decidedly opposed
 to any important principles of th«
 Liberty party, you will be instru
 mental in elevating him again to the
 Presidential chair.
 But there are apprehensions that nol
 a few disaffected Whigs and Demo
 crats— men who refase to bow the
 knee to party dictation—men who have
 independence and conscience men
 who are opposed to the extension ol
 slavery, to the elevation of a warrior,
 a slaveholder or a demagogue—men
 .who profess to abhor slavery, nay, whe
 avow their belief in the truth of anti
 slavery doctrines, will, alter all, nomi
 nate and vote for some mere Wilmol
 Proviso man— this once —rather than
 meet the crisis manfully, and unite with
 the friends of Liberty in voting for one
 w ho goes not only for the non-exten
 sion, but for the non-existence of sla
 very on the American Continent. Will
 not such listen to the voice of expostu
 lation and entreaty? A true-hearted
 friend and advocate of Liberty stands
 before you as the nominated represent
 ative of the anti-slavery sentiment ol
 the country. He has shown that he is
 honest, capable and independent. Why
 not then.unite with the friends of Lib
 erty in giving him the entire anti-sla
 very vote of the country He might
 bo elected, but if not, the demonstra
 tion made in favor of “Liberty
 Equality Fraternity,” would be an
 electric shock-to arouse the slumbering
 energies of our countrymen, andjvihrate
 among the Liberty-loving and Liberty
 achieving people of Europe.- Is there
 a man in your ranks-w hose position at
 the present moment entitles hitu-fomnre
 general favor and confidence, and- who
 is more acceptable to the anti-slavery
 electors of the country, than John P.
 Hale? We think not, and are fully
 persuaded that it is more reasonable
 that we call upon you patriotically to
 vote with us, than it is for you to invite
 our co-operation. Principles, not
 men,” should he the motto. It is time
 that the friends of Liberty were united
 in one great confederation, not only to
 withstand and oppose the extension ol
 American slavery, hut to deliver the na
 tion from its blight and curse. Any
 thing short of this is below the demands
 of the age and the hopes of the world.
 Republican freemen in Europe have set
 us a noble example. Let us not lag
 behind, and thus dishearten them in
 their efforts to form a more perfect
 union, establish justice, insure domestic
 tranquility, provide for the common
 defence, promote the general welfare,
 and secure the blessings of Liberty” to
 themselves and their posterity. Unit
 ing, then, with our friends and brethren
 throughout the Union, in a hearty re
 commendation of Mr. Hale, “we earn
 estly commend him to all Whigs and
 Democrats who wish to vote against
 slavery, as the man of the hour, pos
 sessing in an eminent degree the purity,
 wisdom, firmness and ability which the
 country now needs at the helm; one
 whom they can honestly and consist
 ently vote, for, and thus secure all the
 advantages of unity, without a sacrifice
 of principle from any.”
 Friends of the slave! the eyes of
 Europe are upon us. They call our
 country the Model Republic. We are
 so with one great exception. Let that
 stain be wiped from our national es
 cutcheon. It was said by the departed
 statesman, John Quincy Adams, the
 preservation, propagation, and petpetu
 ation of slavery, has been the vital and
 animating spirit of the National Gov
 ernment.” It might be so still, even
 if the Wiimot Proviso be adopted, and
 Oregon and the vast Mexican Territo
 ries continue free from slavery. Let
 us aim higher, aud while we oppose the
 spread of the leprosy, effect a cure of
 this most revolting and consuming dis
 ease upon the body politic. “Let us
 not suffer a knot of slaveholders for
 ever to give law and prescribe the pol
 icy of the countr Rather let vir
 tuous men unite on the ground of uni
 versal moral principle, and the tyranny
 of party will be crushed.” To this
 end be firm, united, progressive, uu-*
 flinching, and persevere in the course
 marked out, “unangered and unawed.”;
 Continue to use moral suasion, cover
 the land, as with autumnal leaves, with
 anti-slavery publications, and with the!
 speeches of the champions of freedom
 in Congress preach, print, and
 pray;” organize in school-districts, in
 towns and villages; hold frequent meet
 ings; go to other political meetings to’
 proselyte and not to be proselyted;:
 abandon not an inch of ground, already
 acquired, but make aggressive move
 ments. Invoke the aid of the pulpit, j
 the press, the 1/ctum; above all, in-'
 voke the aid of the oppressed—the God
 of our fathers—that he will make this
 indeed a Model Republic, where all!
 men may rejoice in equal right. Let
 &gt;cur acta infuse new enthusiasm into'
 Liberty-loving men across the Atlantic*
 until Europe, regenerated and disen
 thralled, shall echo the sublime lao
 guage ef our revolutioaary patriots;— 1
 “All men are created equal, and are
 endowed by their Creator with retain
 a
inalienable right*; that among then*
 •re life, liberty, uml the pursuit of hap
 piness.”
 In conclusion, brethren and friends,
 let it be your solemn and unalterable
 determination that while yon oppose no
 maw who is any way friendly to the
 anti-slavery cause, yoa will not be in
 strumental in his election to office Off
 less be adopts the distinguished princi
 ples of the Libert/ party; and espe
 cially that you will not go backward in
 the great anti-slavery Reform, but, ac
 cording to the ability given you, do all
 in your power to uphold the doctrines
 and measures to the diffusion and main
 tenance of which y«»n have pledged
 yourselves before God and man.
 Arthub Tare aw,
 Lewis T*rrA.v,
 Luther Lee,
 S. Wilde,
 C. B Rat,
 S. S. JOCELIX,
 Gorge WmrrLi,
 J. Warmer,
 J. W. C. PENN fNCTffS,
 Wm. Johnsotx,
 Thomas Ritter.
 New York, July 1, 1848.
 NEVER TOO LATE.
Ah! that I could be heard by all op
 pressed dejected souls! I would cry to
 them, Lift up your heads and con
 fide still in the future, and believe that
 it is never too late!” See I too was
 bowed down by long suffering, and old
 age had moreover overtaken me, and I
 believe that* all my strength had vanish
 ed, that my life and my sufferings were
 in vain and behold! my heart appeas
 ed, my soul strengthened; and now in
 my fiftieth year, 1 advance into a new
 future, attended by all that life lias of
 beautiful and worthy of love.
 The change in my soul has enabled
 me better fo comprehend life and suf
 fering, and I am now firmly convinced
 that there is no fruitless suffering, and
 that no virtuous endeavor is in vain.—
 Winter days and nights may bury be
 neath their pall of snow the sown corn;
 but when the spring arrives, it will be
 found equally true that “there grows
 much, bread in the winter night.”—
 Miss Bremer.
 DANCING AS AN EXERCISE.
A few words may be offered in this
 place in favor of dancing as an exer
 cise, and as a school-room recreation.
 Exercising so many muscles otherwise
 little used—exercising them fully and
 duly without violence—exercising them
 to the cheering influence of music—ex
 ercising them in forms of grace and
 beauty—daucing may be made an im
 portant and valuable part of the physi
 cal education, and as such should be
 spoken oft', and promoted by the power
 ful voice of the medical public. The
 balanced action of the opposing mus
 cles, the active use of the different ar
 ticulations, the extensive and varied
 action of the spinal muscles, effected by
 dancing, and the degree to-which the
 mental excitement produced by if ena
 bles-t-be exercise to be made use of
 without twidoe fatigue, are strong rea
 sons for so decided and favorable an
 and this, without obtrusive
 interference with opinions as to the pro
 priety, or otherwise, of carrying the
 practice of dancing to an excess in af
 ter-life, and making it the pica for late
 hours, &amp;.c. Let people think as they
 will of public balls, or even of private
 balls; with the conscientious opinions
 of others it is not tny wish, nor inten
 tion to interfere; but to dancing in the
 school-room, or among the members of
 the family circle, few will object; and
 it is not too much to say that if dancing
 could be made a daily, not nightly, ex
 ercise among the people of all classes,
 the healthiness and the expectation of
 life, as well as its happiness, would be
 increased. —Robertson on Diet and Regi
 men.
EFFECTS OF IMAGINATION ON
 THE PHYSICAL FRAME.
Many years ago, a celebrated phy
 sician, author of an excellent work on
 the effect of imagination, wished to
 combine theory with practice, in order
 to confirm the truth of his propositions.
 To this end, he begged the Minister of
 Justice to allow him to try an experi
 ment on a criminal condemned to death.
 The minister consented, and delivered
 to him an assassin of distinguished
 rank. Our savant sought the culprit,
 and thus addressed him: Sir, several*
 persons w ho are interested in your fan
 ily, have prevailed on the judge not to
 require of you to mount the scaffold,;
 and expose yourself to the gaze of the
 populace. He therefore commuted
 your sentence, and sanctions your be
 ing bled to death within the precincts of
 your prison; your dissolution will be
 gradual and free from pain.”
 The criminal submitted to his fluted
 thought his family would be less dis- j
 graced, and considered it a favor not to:
 be compelled to walk to the place of
 public execution. He was conducted
 to the appointed room, where every
 preparation was made beforehand; his!
 eyes were bandaged; be was strapped
 so a table; and, at a preconcerted sig
 nal, four of his veins were gently
 pricked with the point of a pin. Al
 each corner of the table was a small
 fountain of water, so contrived as toj
 flow gently into a basin placed to re
 ceive it. The patient believed it was
 his blood he heard flowing, gradually
 became weak; and the conversation of
 the doctors, in an undertone, confirmed'
 him in tbis opinion.
 “What fine blood!” said one.
 hat a pity tbis man should be con
 condemned to die, be would have lived
 long time.”
 Hush!” said the other: then ap
 proaching the first, he asked him in aj
 low voice, but so as to be heard by the!
 criminal, How many pounds of blood
 are there in the human body?”
 t ent J’' four Vou see already j
 about 10 pounds extracted; that mania,
 now in a hopeless state.”
 The physicians then receded by de
 grees, and continued to lover their
 voice*. The stillness which reigned in
 Ihe apartment, broken only by the drip-j
 ping fountains, the sound of which was
 also gradually lessened, so affected the
 bram of the poor patient, that although
 a man of vara strong constitution, he
 fainted, and died without having lost a
 drop of blood.
2tborrtiscmnilo.
FIRST OF ACC IST, THE
 BIRTH DA t or UMW FIEMB.
 t'PflON SOCIETY FAIR.
 JHE UNION ASSOCIATION w»U Wd Fair
 MINERVA HALL,
 On TwrAr, Augnst Ist. The public respect
 fully invited to attend.
 m. ’E. W. WALKER, Pret.
 MARY GIBBS, Vice Prea.
 Door* open at 10 o’clock, is the morning.
HOLD lorn HORSEStI
 WAVERLV LIVERY STABLE.
 STATS STREET.
 THE subscribers having recently entered into Co
 partnership in the Livery buaiaere, nt the well i
 and favorably known stand of W. H' Sprague;
 would state with all dup drference and j
 irons of Rochester generally, and the ruling Ctmunu-.
 nitv in particular, that in order to meet the many
 nHtltifarinua demands of our fr rends ami HjjW. we
 hare gr eatly and materially enlarged our Establish
 ment. Oar incompar able and unequaled sfud of j
 Horses, have all been selected with care and judg- J
 ment, with an eve to the wants of those who are in
 the habit of patronizing establishments of tins kind.
 We are constantly increasing our stock of Buggys,
 Sulkys,-Carriages, Sir.-, which for elegance, com-j
 fort, and convenience cannot be excelled in estem
 New York. We think our Summer Arrangements
 approach ns near perfection as possible,and in order j
 to press home this t; nth more we hereby
 fling down the gauntlet and defy competition.-
 SHERWOOD Is HUSBROOK.
FIR AND SILK HATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Larlirs’ Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Holies
 and an assortment of llat Cases, Umbrellas, &amp;c.,
 kr. Stc., N’o. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 3C f* A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and'
 Mittens.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE,
 r PIIE subset ilers at No. 22 State street, take plea-f
 A sure in announcing to the public that tltey have I
 comp’let?d arr angements by which they are enabled j
 to oiler the most satisfactory inducements to ail en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Bools and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a sitpqly.
 They are also offering on the most fiinorable term*,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, t’nlf,
 and Morocco Skins, w ith a full assortment of Find
 ing, including I-asts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jy 19 SAGE PANCOST.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rrit
 ish Retieic, The Westminster Review,
 and Blacfocood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
The above Periodicals are reprinted in Xmv York,
 hnmediafelv on their arrival In the liritisli steamers,
 in a beautiful clew typ«&gt;» on fine white paper, and
 arc faithful copica of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-mndle of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 “Edinburgh Review” V\ big; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. Tire North British Re-,
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by l&gt;r. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 llanna, associated with Bir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 Fcr Blackwood if-die 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the a!Hive work* will be
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that woik, by which we shall be able .to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any j
 tort ion of it can be reprinted in any of the Aineiican
 I our na Is. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration,that!
 we may Ire compelled to raise tire price of the Maga-
 zinc. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 tire price is low.**
 Remittances and communications should be alwavs
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
p o 11: KT l:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEG A]
 CURE.
 BY LYSANDEB SPOONER.
 The Albany Patriot calls'it—“A neat pamphlet c
 108 pages —a very remarkable production.”
 Whether all the anticipations of Mr. Sqoone
 would lie realized by the full adoption of his theon
 we do not here stop to enquire; but we heartily com
 niond his endeavor to the notice of all who love
 transparent foicible diction—intrepid independence
 original thought—and entire freedom from the car
 of sect or pai ty. As a judicial writer, he has a depth
 a compass, lai beyond any one whose production
 have met our eye in a longtime.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine says—“ It abound:
 iu bol l and original thoughts. The illegal causes o
 povei ty are stated, ami a riumlier of important propo
 sitions bearing on the subject laid dowu; and,ontiu
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it docs many valuable hints to the states
 man amt political economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette says—“ An able and certain
 hr original work, from the jien of L\Kinder Spooner
 Esq.—nuthor of tlmt powerful hooit which demon
 stmtee ilie unconstitutionality of American Slavery
 There is no writer of tin* age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,’ 'This new work is ties,
 line.*J to lead to are examination of all fonner sys
 teens of political economy.” At first blush his eco
 nomical propositions stride us as sustainable—and i;
 they are so, his work will prevail, and pres luce ai
 important revolution in the picscnt prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publislier, Boston.
 Part i. Pr ice 23 Cents,
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSCRA-VCE, AV
 1 NUITY A.\D TRUST COMPANY of I’tnJb
 delphia. Chattered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, s3oo,ooo—Benjamin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, giant
 annuities and endowment;, ami accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, ami courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the detire of Use par
 ties, and receive deposits of money iu trust or on
 interest. m
 The Company add a boros at stated periods to
 the insurance lirr life, anion the 20th of January
 last, art addition was mad t» all thepoliries for life-,
 remaining in force and issued piior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per ctr.il. on the suin insure*i
 in polities issued iu 1837; 7i per cent, on policies
 isswd in 1838, ami in ratcabk* propoi lions according
 to their respective dates.
 '1 ha chief object of an insurance fin* lifer is to pro
 vide a sum of mooey at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit ui' a widow, children, b sends or
 creditors; and it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which w ill be
 furnished by the saiweriker to all who may feel an
 interest in the subject, that by pay ing a small sum to
 the other even Year dating his life*, a per son may se
 cure to his family a very conaiderahle amount at* his
 Mfterever the sy stem of Life Insurance is properly
 iiadfifritnuit, it is extensively adopted, and iu great
 advantage* to all, bat more rsperiaMy to those who
 depend on their on a exertion* fe»r the support of their
 families, w who am be desirt-ais to secure the pay
 ment of a ram of money to their friends, creditors or
 children, at then decease, which they might he oth
 erwise unable hr accomplish, that the operatron of the
 fystem nemk but to Is- explained to ensure the seri
 ous consideration of the pifelk*.
 In several instance* it has happened that the partv
 umved has died shurtb after harieg paid only one
 •r two inatahnenta of the praanun, when his family
 inre received from this office the full f few
 whkh he Imd inward.
 Fuff hfasaiva on this important sabieet bsv he
 Jitamed IU apply*- ITW (post
 and) at the otter of the tnUmber, the anthunsed
 igcaa of fee Giwwd Life Iweuamme Company.
 Wuxi am ba kk Well,
 BakcwHTr Law Buildings,
 Giant street, PitHmrgh.
FKST AND WILLIS, Deafen m Drag*, Medi
 cine*, Chemical*, Dve Stuff., Paints, Varnfob,
 Orb, Glassware, Brashes,'Perfeme«y, Ibfarrmwype
 Slack, French and Gum— Ch—heal*, Artists’
 Colors, Broshe* aad Canvass, Elkeriai Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Ftil, he. Ate.
 Brine Azeuts for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicine*, and receiving the
 same is wth from the Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they nr- craMetl to supply aU orders at wholesale
 and retail, on *he most favorable terms.
 liouvet'Othic B&gt;»b. Medicines, and Family
 Cases, wuh fail direct* Only agent* for West
 ern N«» gtk.
 Also, M;&gt;rwuou’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also F. liter in I Oil and lamps, for
 Imrning the same. Those who would cnr.rtth eco
 nomy ami convenience are invited to examine these
 (.amp*. The attention of Cowntty Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, wishing goods in the
 aL&gt;ve line, is requested at tin; APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, A, Exchange Street.
OWE!! MORRIS 5 CITY BINDERY
 CHUCK THF UI7SKL U—late r ISH r.R WOK HIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marena
 Morse fin- seven years, mid during that time
 procured for him three Silver Mriials, fi r the best
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 cimnirs* Fairs heVl in this city and Buffalo*
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals hound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 safi«foctidn&lt;by their durability and elegance* Strift
 attention is always paid ft&gt; (Tie qrtafitv of paper used,
 to ren !er them equal to tiic be*t in tire United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all their manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions,- Societies, &amp;c., may lie
 assured of work Ireing done on die mosf advantageous
 terms*
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing ami
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating j
 price and styfo, may rely upon their being well bound j
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully and I
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense in.
 fitting up the establishment, ami introducing into j
 Western New York the latest improvements in j
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Bu ,r alo Paper Mills,
 where Papier of the host quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth- A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any siae and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call anJ exam
 ine die quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the subsequent
 abolition of Slavery; a kenutiful London edition,
 with a tine Portrait of the Author, done on steel, —a
 Ismk which could not be imported for less than three
 dollars, can be had at 21, Coi nhill, if applied fin
 immediately, at the very low price of On F. Dollar.
 cash. Also, EULOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alf.xanukr Crummell, at the reduced price ol
 twelve and a half cents.
ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Law, Brazer’s Building, State Street.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
BOVS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 10, Brattle Street, having
 made recent additions toliis stock, is prepared to
 furnish BOVS’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 and lit, and at as cheap prices, as can be obtaiued in
 tire city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 C LOTHING STORE,
 No. sff, Umo.v Strkt t, Boston.
 JOHN KlGl! P kec| s c- n*t;.ntl\ on hand a
 great variety of New anti Second Hand Clothing.
 Goods ui all kinds, sswdi as old cl--the*, \V. I. goods,
 M atches, Boot.- i S‘i xci.angcd for new
 clothing. Cash .r.i: -ct &lt;-a aii kind* of goods.
 from one t un r&lt;ed I-jl’n*
TOHN I). Rbl ILEON, Ifair Cutting Suloon,
 tl and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blaek*tone-»t.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Combi 11 —namely',
 Ihe l.ilierty Bell lor IS4S. A feyv eopios remain.
 Life ol illiam W Broyvn, 2d Edition, yyith addi
 tional matter and neiv engravings. Price, bound,
 37i rts; in paper covers, 25 cts.
 Mr. Shackliird’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, ets.
 Position and Duties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Audreys P. Peabody. 5 eta.
 Six Months at Graefeabers. By Henry C. Writtiit.
 $l,OO.
 Dick Crowningshield, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cis. single; 25
 cts. per dozen.
rfWOMAS P- SMITH, No. 3S, Brattle Street,
 x sign of the Golden Ball. New and Second
 hand Clothing Store.
ISAAC 11. SNOWDEN, Bm.k, Newspaper, ami
 X Fancy Job Printer, I£, Water Street.
 fcfe All orders promptly attended to, and neatly
 executed.
The .Has«acliusetls Quarterly Review,
 /COMMENCED on the first of December, 1847,
 L to be continued on the Ist of March, June, -and
 and September. It will hie devoted to the interest
 of no pwrty or class, but its conductors \y ill endea
 vor to present an opien and fair field for the notice
 and discussion of matters pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, ami Humanity.
 The Review will be conducted by R. VV Emer
 son, Theodore Parker, ami J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number yyrfl contain about 125 pages, at the
 price of $3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subscriptions, &amp;e, slut ski We
 addressed to the Publishers,
 COOUDGE WILEY,
 12, ater Street, Boston.
XKW 10RK ADVERTISLM!EATS.
free produce store.
 NEW GOODS just revived, General reduction
 iu prices,
 l ine 4-1 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of I'riuts of medium quality, usual width.,
 l-tne aiKl wide Pajier Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambric*.
 Curtain Calico, Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas,
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on han't, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities and
 style*.
 I inc and heavy Shirting, Sheeting*, and Pillow
 Muslin*.
 Strijied Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lame, plain and o**atly figured, all wool.
 Linens, wairanted free from cott-n.
 t tannel* 4-4 good and price km. Canton fiaitnel*,
 whi* and colored.
 Table Diaper and Ck&gt;ti)*, of different style*.
 Apron and Furniture .'beck. Cotton Handkerchief*.
 CotUm Twilled Pantakani Stuffs. Also Liacn
 Drilling, Ac.
 I&gt;mg and half Hose, fne and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various .V*., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 white anti rokirsl Cotton iavps. Also, i
 Refined Loaf, Clashed, and Puller bed Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 Ihe whole stock exclusively Free l«ds*r Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would iuvTe the attention
 of ernmtry merchants, as well as his friends awl the
 puUiei mmßjf,
 Much pains u taken bj lW&gt; Managers of the Free
 Produce Asm istiw, to assist the .Sulscriler Us en
 large the assoita. r.t l-urn lime to lime,
 Gl'tyßjUE vt. TA VLOIt,
 Northwest n.ruev K-fis: a&lt;u; Cheny-sU.
 PKhhlpn.l 2J am. I&lt; 18*8. tf
 JUST PL BUSHED, and 1* nk at the officn of
 uf the Ant. slavery fiistwst.
 l The Legiou of Lshc.ly aau k'»iw of Troth, )olii
 edition. 1
 This work contains almet 230 page* of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and abo«t sixty
 illustrative engraving*. Price 371 cts. in muslin,,
 and 23 cams in paper coven. A ve»y liberal dis
 count in those who purthas* a manlier of oupiu.
 I The Condition, Vnffarnre, Rights, naff Appeal of
 Women, from various autlnu*. 124 rents.
 Letter to the People of the (Jailed States, touching
 the Matter uf Slavery. Hy Theodore Father.!!
 np. 130. Price Is| coats.
 Wm, W. Brown’s Lecture Infer* dm Fcamfe A. 8.
 farkhurvf, Bo*tea. -pp. S. Pesos cents.
FIIUP A. WHITE, Dt«||fot, ew-r of
 fort ami Gold .Street.
Wgi“atr w u
 cINE SMrrH Brood.
T. b!S^ s iss,
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot ami sl. i 77
 9 J- Uronberr Street, Brm.kJyn kw
 N.B. Rqs.ir.ng neatly e*«e„ted at the
 nouce aiwf on die most reasonable terms 441
W M H. TOPP, Mereham
 Abo an extensive assortment oft
 Stocks, llosiry. Gloves, Ac. b ravats,
 Albany, Feb. 11, IR4H.
GENTEEL HOARDING 1101 8F
 QUARLES lIIGHC.ATE.-ouW re*p«tfi,JJ T j-
 V&gt; ,form his triem's and the public, tU Jhe
 to devote every Kttention t&gt;. ph aied to
 hu foaiM w ith a call. The- l.oure
 kjrati-d at 632 Broadway, Albany .tfy
 Feb. 18, IS4B.
1\ fLU A.M RICH Hair Dre*aing and BarW
 Saiorm, I foy House, Tn.y, New York.
 J-.LOGAN, Deafer in Fa»hionaU«
 8 Vrrtmt Suwt
 kffp* ennsfantN- nn hand a good assort
 incut, am: will sell cheap for cash. Strict attentm*
 JJ|J c»*«o"&gt;*n»*de work, bp Messrs. Barker aad
W \WiISGTON*B l&gt;arrurrrian Galferv, 156,
 Mam Street, Kellogg’s Bu.Uing., Hartford,
 Counecticut.
NORTIIAMrTONJYAItR CVRE,
 i Flectrfcfty and Hydropathy.
 i, I Hr. pul be arc rrsper dully inloi ined, that since
 j X tire phifosop hieal deductions of the learned Hr
 •i Mean*, of Emorv College, Ga., ami the’ xnentike
 experiments of Mr. Ilciniiier of England,* har«
 recently and indubitably established lire fact, that
 i 'he conclusions at which the Undersigned arrived t»
 j the sense of trUch, in 1544, are in harmony w,tL
 j natural and physiological laws—to wit, tUf th«
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a petitixt
 titctrieal itate, and that' the electrical emanations
 fi'* m ‘he cuticular surface, indicate health, or rti*
 I symptoms aad character of disease—tltrre is t n.e
 reason to hr pc, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principle* or natuial laws, a knowledge of
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vocikiationa
 I against the fositive i i.f.ctrical state of the
 j human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 I whom they have failed to relieve of tlieir complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the No hi hasL
 tos W ATI r Cure. Thus sustained Lv the light
 of science, the uiuleisignerl may be permitted here
 to rrptat his experience, that, in all cases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tin part*
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 I Had not the results of p-ast vears* practice
 j already convinced the ul.lic of the safety or tiuth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned ia
 i governed, in detecting tire syuq torus and character
 j °I disease, and practising the cure, lire recent seicn
 tific demonstration of their correctness, bv Professor
 Means ami Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 tlm most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating tbc credit so generously
 awarded for his sweets as a Hydrnpulhic I'ractr
 j lioricr, by a discerning puL.lir, anil the gratitude
 evinced bv those whom he lias had ti c pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, the under signed will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and met it
 that gratitude, in the ease ot every invalid who n.av
 afford him ait o| poitunity In du ct a cure, ty Ins
 j original and philosr phiral method of| rartiec.
 Ihe Nortliai.ij ton atcr Cine is IcusamK situ
 “*ar Bensonville, n the west bar k of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, id out two and a half miles
 from the centre of the turn. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate fail, is, lathing and dres.'-
 iiig-inoms, for Ladies and Gentle men, well vsntil
 j ated and conveniently lui rushed lodging rooms, and
 j a variety of baths, supplied with water, which. Itr
 a lame la tree, futtly, and a&lt;a| tciinc ss to watcr-cuit
 fmfoses, is unsuipassed ly flat of any oilier e.ta
 blishment in this ecunfry. The scenery in tins
 vicinity is picturesque and romantic. '1 Imre are a
 variety of pleasant walks, suflitu-nlly rrtiieit, to
 allow water-cure patient* to np ficar as'they shook!,
 plainly diesse.i, enjoying tl.eir rambles wilUot
 Lent" cxp( set! to pel lie gaze or observation.
 Among the complaints which arn litre sureenfnllv
 treated, arc hradarlie.trntlcnry of Lh.od to the l ean',
 rold extremities, general and nervous debility, bnn
 clntis, pulrnouaiy affection, liver complaint, jatir
 dice, acute or chronie inflammation of die bowel*,
 piles, ys| of sia, gcucial d« l.ility, nervous and spinal
 aiiectious, inflammutory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fey era, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 i cour e «f treatment, should funiirh themselves with
 time comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two liiitu ami three cotton *htH*, two pillow care*
 six or eight crash low*la, some well worn linen, to
 cut tor fomentations, ari old cloak or mantle, an vm
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and Imard are $5 50 to
 £8 50 pier week, payable tyeckly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay *8 00 pci week—on the first ami second
 Moors, I 8 60 per week. I’atienta requiting extra
 attention or lire in tlieir rooms, (exrept for swath
 ing purpose*,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price. i
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. isitors to tire Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take |he cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Spiringfichi. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, t*
 convey them hither.
 human blood, in a normal ami healthy eoir
 ditmn of the human system, is in a positive state,
 yytiich i* Constantly maintained fiy the activity of tlie
 generating sources yvirhin—an excess generally pass
 mg off in silence from the rritrrular surface, s'o that
 out of 366 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 822 indicated
 tlie presence &lt;d positive efe. tricitv. This surplusage
 of tlie fluid upon tire surface, we believe to Ik imiis
 pensatie to the healthful c.miJition of the whole
 animal economy, and that v.hcn, from any cause, is
 e* diwiinUhed "or ceases, diseased eusue*
 Geoa«hlres»,dchvercti before vhe Medial UvUrge of
 i»Brgia, at the opening of I Hilirm. Nos
 k v fo Means, A,MM.D., I’rofessur or
 Chemistry and I‘hnrmaiy,aml I’rofossor of I'iiysieal
 Smonce in Emoiy College, Ga., page 2£J
ATHOL HATER CURE.
 T HE Subscriber beg* leave to call Ue attention
 A of Invalids, especially lb*,** sufiering froa
 rlMronic di-eare, to lus hydropathic establishment in,
 Athol, Mass,
 Hi* hoosc was opened for the reception of patients
 but season, and it is D-liewd oilers excellent fac-ib
 tie* C»r a philosopliic awl thorough course in hydro
 pathy. Ilie supply of water is abundant, awl in.
 puritv has been pronounced eipi.il to water on a
 distilled.” Ihe location is quite eligible, bring but
 a short distance from tbs V, A M.railroad. Tho
 vicinity abounds in a vaiicly of stenery, and has
 rhurituiig ground* for walks and (ambles. So that,
 w ith tlie water, »uitable reginieu, utouutain air, and
 exercise, patit-ni* can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they lahor.
 The following case illnstrafes ibis remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of lire. 8., of Marwick, Mas*., aged
 ais-tit thirty-five years, waa brought to me a t
 August. Her rase prr senteri tW fallowing pheno
 mena. If plare.l in an erect position, and left an*
 supported, forthwith fell b«thward u, tue
 ground. If being well siq foiled, she a lade an
 effort lo walk, either fe&gt;ot. when carried finward.
 demote tier efioiLa to the rontrary, won Iff rt&lt; n da
 Other. &gt;lw had been m ,b„ ion. lt t h m marly a
 year. Her treatment commenced dm Ibtb ut frer'a..
 and was continued u ,he 24th On, only, when .hs
 hdL far rrcoveml as te h* able to walk h..lf
 mile with ease. «.*re her return to her fasa.lv, sb.
 ha* cmtrmasd Iwr farths, with corresponding
 prove,m-nt te her he-lth. Rkw
 t 1 r*
 girl, does the work of her family
 Paise.ru are draired to br.ng threw couifortables.
 Tit oa,k one pair of .heel*.
 “»»hcd, with oVI linen tvr
 I erut*. from fire to t«a dollars per wesk. aecord
 ing t., the neceaartre* or diosan uf the |atreais.
 O® k** particolar in the sefe*Uoa id
 re*«ms, or are willing p, occupy them in conunoe
 wrti. others, will be elurgerl
 Athol. Mareh, W4B. GEORGE IJOYT.
the DEJaU ARE ABOLITIONIST.
 A PAPER of ffm above name tt (U he published ia
 -fl. Wilmington, by the Delaware AnU-SLivrtv
 Soeietv. It will he edited by a Committee, and w ill
 he pdbhsbwd ost n hail medraw sheet, at twenty-five
 ■eutape year, or fee twenty-fetur uuurbeia- It
 devotev) to etiwuripataxi m Delaware,and will ad
 vocate Us aerowi h.hmeot by all lawful mssaw. It
 will he pwbtrshed semi-moothly, if arcana are d*
 fended, or as often as the means ran he obtained.
 J \ME» B. BROOKE.
 poblishigy AjSWU
"
