"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 M R. DELANY, Edito**.
YOL. I. NO. 81.
Tfc* NORTH STAR to p«bli*hed every
 Friday, at No. 23, Ho Halo Street,
 Opyuixif the Arc sat.)
 TERMS.
 Tw« dollar* jyr unmii, aleeeys
 Ascription will to received for a term tha
 **Ad£Juement. not «%r« lm« ten I*** i"***
 dim ti.n*» for one dollar; every iubr-queat »n*er-
 Uou, twenty-lire oenU.
To* objnet of toe .North Star w.» be waiuck
 SuUM oil .u forma a.ul aapccte; wlvocate
 UmuMiL ERAiraeATio.-.; exalt toe &lt;ta»tord
 of Public MoraUTT; promote tl»e moral and in-1
 tcllnctual impror.ment of the Colored Paont;
 nni to-u. the day of FREEDOM to the Thru
 Milliom of our E.TtLATtD Fellow Cocr
 tar.tr.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 ftr&gt; AH c .mmu.irati »n» relatin* to the bunnei
 **£trr. of the pnper. name, of .utoonben,, remu-
 Utett, kc., alxuiJ be atoirccd u Jous Dick,
 puWi.her. ___
 |C&gt; A •rent*, an! ail other* sen-fin* namet.nre
 cqueated\» be accurate, anl &lt;ire the P*
 U C-ruoty, an 1 the St cat. Each feutoentor t* nn
 nwliatelv credited f*r money received.
 ftp- Anv per* &gt;n rending in the payment tor low
 •utocriberi, to to f nrwar led to one ad drew, may
 hare a fifth coj-y for one year.
 All letter* and communication, must oe poei
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Ma*» achcsktt*. —R. F. Walcott, 21. Coruhill,
 Boiton; Nat mi Jdi non, Vcw Bp Iford Horatio
 Fo*t'r, L iwcll; J -N- BnTum, Lynn; George
 Evan*, Worect-r Spooler, I Ivm-to*.
 Chari*:* 11. S-l!i, Sprniifiel 1 David Rug*
 Northampton; H. Caipenter, T.pton.
 Mti'R. —Oliver Dennett, 1 ortland.
 Vr.RUOKT.—IWIanJ T. Robinson, North Fer
 'Co ccticpt. Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Nr. iv I’l.esJiißK.—' Weare Tappan, B raj ford.
 Nnv VoßK.—Sylnev H. Gay, 112, Nassau
 Str-ei; fm-s McCine Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 iofcpli l’o*t, \W»'t)urv, Queen Coil uv Mary Har
 per, Alb ny; Elias D itv, Mace bin; Willett. Kcese,
 Peru, (Tmlon Count v, William S. Baltirn &gt;re, Trov;
 J. F. Platt, Pea. Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 PUti, B ith.
 Rttout IsL.tvn. —Amnmnry Paine, Provi lenee.
 Pisssyltini a.—J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Filth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. \V. Guinea, 8, Exchange
 Plae«, Ditto; 11. Vaslion, B. Down, Pittsburg;
 William Whipper. Columbia; Isaac Ritort*, Jacob
 L. Paxvii, Norrwiown, M County Milo
 A. Townsend, New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Doual Ison, Cincinnati; G. &gt;V.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harvey.burgh,
 Warren County; Sa'nnel Brooke. Salem.
 Mic higax.*—Roliert Banks, Detroit.
 INDIANA. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, V\ ayae Co.
Selections.
From tbc Boston Whig.
 SPEECH OF HOX. J. R. GIDDINGS,
 At the Tretnont J'tmpir, Boston, Fndoy Evening,
 Juki 39.
 ■Gentlemen and Citizens of Massachusetts:
 If my humble name has ever reached
 vour ears, it is not in consequence of
 my learning, my talents, or any dis
 tinguished characteristic of my own
 any further than a humble endeavor to
 discharge my humble duties. Although
 the hearty reception with which I have
 met since 1 first entered your State has
 been well calculated to inspire me with
 Confidence in myself, it will never lead
 me to claim any character, fame, or
 reputation, further than those most
 humble efforts. In that character J
 appear before you this evening; and
 when I look upon the audience around
 me, and think of the intelligence and
 learning which is here this evening, I
 can promise you blit one thing, and
 that is, that you will go away disap
 pointed. I will, however, attempt to
 meet your expectations as far as in me
 lies, in my plain'and humble manner;
 and in doing so, 1 now bespeak your
 liberal indulgence.
 All of us have our own peculiar cha
 racteristics which attach to us on every
 occasion. We have our habits. Mine
 have been formed among Ihe people of
 the West. We have characteristics of
 our own. Some of us are accustomed
 to address public assemblies, and in so
 doing we have certain customs, one ot
 which is, that we speak our thoughts
 without much reserve, and sometimes
 without much care as to the language
 we use, provided we can be understood.
 Another custom is, that in the audience
 every man stands on the same level with
 the speaker, and if anything is left un
 explained, it is the privilege of anyone
 in the audience to ask the speaker any
 thing he pleases. Now, if 1 shall say
 anything to-night which you do not be
 lieve, if you will call for the testimony
 on which I base my assertion, you will
 cooler upon me this obligation, tiial you
 4»ivc me a chance to satisfy you. You
 understand me as 1 intended to he un
 &lt;lerst you represent me to-morrow
 4* I wish to be represented, and justice
 is done both to you and ine.
 Before I commence any particular
 train of argument, I desire to know
 how my audience are affected towards
 the great and fundamental principles
 upon which 1 shall base my whole dis
 course, and in order to do this, 1 snail
 address you as 1 should my friends in
 the backwoods of the Buckeye State,
 exactly. 1 come not here to address
 the Democrats, the Whigs, or the Lib
 erty men, but to see whether you all
 agree upon our Constitutional rights,
 *nd if l g a y anything with which you
 do not agree, 1 want you to 6ay so.—
 Now be careful, for if you find your
 ,n a l, ght place by and by, 1 shall
 hold you where you put yourselves.—
 I will now lay down my positions, and
 II there u a man no, j jj U( i U) y 4e jf 1Q
 Boston, where there are some who say
 wc have a right to abolish slavery in all
 the States— but, from them, if
 there is a man who dissents from me
 let him say so at once.
 At the formation of tl, e federal com
 pact, when Massachusetts sent up her
 delegate* to the Convention that framed
 our Constitution, and when other dele
 gates from the Free States went to that
 Convention, it was with the hearty de
 termination to abolish slavery. The
 South refused to fulfil the pledge o!
 17715, and giro »p alavery, and here
 w was the question above all others that
 created difficulty in tb* formation o
 Must compact. The arrangement wai
THE NORTH STAR,
final!/ made that slavery should be left
 precisely as il had been under tbe con
 federation, and that the federal govern
 ment should have no power over tbe
 institution of slavery; that they should
 iiave no more power to abolish slavery
 in Virginia, than to establish it in Mas
 sachusetts; that the rights and privi
 leges of Virginia, South Carolina, and
 Massachusetts should be perfectly re
 ciprocal. It is now as much opposed
 to your rights to be involved in the sup
 port of slavery, as it would be opposed
 to the rights of South Carolina to be
 involved in its abolition. 1 lay this down
 is a principle, and now I come right
 borne to you; you, Democrats.!
 Whigs, ai d Libti../ mew, unite upon
 his proposition? If there is a man
 srho denies this proposition, will he have
 he kindness to say No? [No answer.] j
 But, remember, if you go uway and find,
 yourself cramped to-morrow iti this po
 sition, don’t lay it to me.
 Now, Dem ocrats, if you agree to
 this proposition and vote for Cass, you
 jo it inconristently; and 1 want 10 tell:
 my Whig friends, if you agree to this
 proposition and vote for Taylor. I will
 say, Farewell to you as Whigs. I
 iguin put the question, Do you believe
 hat you have the clear and indisput- 1
 ible right under the Constitution to he
 entirely exempt from all participation in
 he guilt, the crime, the expense, and
 he disgrace of sustaining the institute &gt;n j
 slavery? (Vcs, yes, from the audi
 ?nce.) Then I take it for granted that
 all parties, excepting those few gentle- 1
 men referred to, agree to this.
 I wish now to lay down one more
 proposition; and that is, that if you suf-l
 ier the federal government to involve
 you in the support of slavery, you your
 selves surrender, and basely surrender,
 your constitutional rights; and upon
 you, your children, and your children’s
 children will the responsibility rest. I
 know that the slaveholder’s interest and
 feeling, and every fibre of his heart
 and soul, are bound up in that institu
 tion, and if he had the power he would
 bring you into slavery and scourge you
 as quick as the black man. I do not
 blame him for this, for it is his princi
 ple; hut if men in Massachusetts, un
 der the shadow of Bunker Hill, sulfer
 themselves to be enslaved, it is their
 fault. If, then, you, knowing these
 rights, permit yourselves to be led
 blindfold to the polls, to be wheedfcd
 into the support of any man, dia
 metrically opposed to these rights, I
 repeat that the fault and the guilt arc
 yours.
 I want to know if the commcicjal,
 men of Boston ar*» here; for if these
 commercial men voluntarily go and de
 posit ther ballots tor a man who is for
 the extension of slavery, so as to give
 the holder of one hundred slaves in New
 Mexico the same control over the com
 mercial interests of Boston, with sixty
 one educated, intelligent citizens of
 Massachusetts—l was going to say it
 was moral suicide—it is degradation of
 t ic most damning d\e. I cannot con
 ceive of a baser, ii; &gt;;e degrading,more
 self-sacrificing proposition that could
 have entered into the heart of man, than
 to place the slaveholder in power over
 the interests of Boston. It seems to
 me as if the people of the United
 States had not entered into the consid
 eration of the subject. I have been a
 farmer; 1 can handle the spade, the
 hoe, and the scythe, and shall I allow a
 Southern farmer with five slaves to
 have four times the power with myself,
 when I verily believe before God that I
 am better than the whole of them? I
 say, fellow-citizens, that a man who will
 do that, who will thus degrade himself,
 deserves juft what he receives; he be
 comes a himself.
 Time would fail ine if I were to re
 cur to what has transpired in years
 past, when your rights have been dis
 regarded, your interests sacrificed,
 your honor trampled under foot, and
 the Constitution vi dated, to render you
 supporters of slavery. Allow me to
 make the single remark, that the first
 treaty ratifnd under the present exist
 ing government was a treaty that made
 you the upholders of slavery; and from
 that day to this, the citizens of Boston
 have contributed their dollars and
 cents, their moral purity, character,
 and ieputation, to uphold that institu
 tion. The whole histor of the past is
 the surrender of Northern rights, and
 Southern encroachments. You and I,
 fellow-citizens, have submitted to it.—
 You will all of you recollect that the
 Florida war, in which forty millions of
 dollars were expended—bloodhounds,
 General Taylor, and all—l do not mean
 any disrespect to General Taylor, I do
 not mean to say any more about him
 than I can help—that sutu was paid for
 the purpose of recapturing and return
 ing to their owners five hundred and
 forty-two negroes. They went into the
 swamps, and in some instances shot
 them down, because they loved free
 dom, because they gave loose to the
 feelings which the God of nature had
 implanted in their breasts. And we, a
 nation having a written constitution,
 professing to be the only lovers of lib
 erty upon earth, this nation waged a
 war, sending our armies there to seize
 them, men, women, and children, and
 deliver them over to their owners.—
 The power and influence of the nation
 was lent to put down that love of free
 dom, to smother the flame which God
 had given them. And yet you and I
 sat quietly. I don’t suppose you knew
 anything about it; 1 didn't.
 Look at the coastwise slave trade
 upon our coast. In the 2tkh Congress
 a report was made in favor of waging a
 war— it was not directly recommended,
 but intimated at —a war with Great
 Britain, unless she would piy to tb«
 slavedralers and slavetraders upon oui
 coast the value in dollars and cents oi
 those slaves which,when wrecked upon
EIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD 18 THE FATHER OF US ALL, ANI* ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
British Islands, became free by British
 laws. When God ia his providence
 had sent them upon that soil, and when'
 by setting their leet upon free soil they i
 were restored to their natural rights, j
 this Committee on Foreign Affairs made
 a report favoring the idea that this na
 tion must wage a war, to shed their
 blood and expend their wealth, to com
 pel Great Britain to pay for the bodies j
 of these slaves. On that Committee
 was a representative from Massachu
 setts it would not be parliamentary to
 call names, but it was the gentleman, i
 if I mistake not, who, on the fourth of
 July last, in the Mexican camp, nomi-;
 nated Gen Traylor for the Presidency, j
 It was the gallant officer whose only!
 wounds were received when walking
 one evening with a beautiful Signorina;
 a gentleman who, I believe, was once
 a Democratic candidate for Governor
 of Massachusetts. My friend intimates
 to me that he was once a Whig Repre
 sentative. I was there at that time,
 and he belonged to what was then called
 the Corporal’s Guard of John Tyler, j
 That same Representative, when I in- J
 troduced certain resolutions denying
 the right of the federal government to
 involve the federal government in the
 support of slavery, pronounced my res
 olutions treasonable. Because 1 dared
 to assert what there is not now a man
 in Congress, nor a jurist in the United
 States, but says it was correct, he called
 if treasonable. I say it not at all dis
 respectfully to him, but to induce you
 to look well to your own rights, and to
 say to the slave power, “Thus far shaft
 thou go, but no farther,” to maintain
 the Constitution, and to stand forth in
 the dignity of good old Massachusetts,
 God bless her!
 When this was advocated in the Sen
 ate of the United States, and John C.
 Calhoun, that Southern intellectual gi
 ant, introduced a resolution declaring it
 to be your duty to uphold, sustain and
 perpetuate that coastwise slavetrade,
 where w ere your Senators from the free
 States that voted against it? Echo
 answ-ers, Where? There was—shall 1
 tell it—but one Whig Senator from the
 Free States who voted upon that ques
 tion, and that Senator voted for the
 resolution. That will do our Demo
 cratic friends some good but I will
 tell them another story. Every Demo
 cratic Senator in Congress voted for it.
 The slave power constrained those men
 thus to degrade themselves and the
 North. Ohio Senators voted for it.—
 Ohio citizens were disgraced. Not a
 voice in that Senate Chamber was
 raised in defence of our rights and our
 honor. I couUl star'll here till to-mor
 row’s sun should risfc, citing to you in
 stances in which your constitutional'
 rights have been violated, in ways with-'
 out number, and times innumerable;
 but I forbear.
 Let us come down a little nearer
 home. Who is it that now sustains that
 traffic in flesb and blood in the District
 of Columbia, of the horrors of which
 you have read so much the last winter?
 Do the people of Boston, the people of
 Massachusetts, sustain it? Is there a
 man here who is in favor of it? If
 there is, let him stand forth and avow
 it. I will tell you one thing. Every
 man there votes against inquiry.
 There are hundreds of thousands who
 have sent their respectful petitions to
 Congress praying to be exempt from
 this crime, and you cannot make the
 Committee say that the petitions ought
 to be granted or ought to be refused.—
 They are a great deal more dumb than
 Balaam’s ass. You cannot provoke
 them into speaking upon the subject,
 because a report would affect the elec
 tion. So to-day your hands are drip
 ping with the blood of those slaves.aud
 at the bar of final account you must
 answer the unutterable suffering, ago
 ny and grief, which the laws of Con
 gress indict. 1 wish I could transport
 you to the car when that man Slalter
 brought back those slaves who had at
 tempted to escape. A man who at
 tempted to bid an affectionate farewell to
 ihe partner of his bosom, was knocked
 down in the car. Unutterable grief
 and agony preying upon their very
 heartstrings, were marked upon the fa
 ces of the friends around. And that
 was by your law. The guilt lies upon
 you, iny friends of Massachusetts, and
 Ohio, and all the Free States. You
 are as responsible as the people of the
 Slave States, and at the bar of final
 account the guilt will rest upon you and
 me, unless we atone for our fault by at
 tempting to retrieve the injury we have
 thus committed.
 Now, to go back, there were certain
 great issues to be tried in the election
 of 1844. Abel P. Upshur had put forth
 the new, startling, important doctrine,
 that the people of the; Free States were
 bound to extend slavery into Texas, to
 render it firm, and to perpetuate it in
 the slave States of this Union. Now,
 says a Whig friend, that is democAuic
 doctrine; aud I suppose (he Democrats
 think so too. But that is a doctrine pul
 forth by a President elected as a Whig,
 who called himself a Whig as much as
 Gen. Taylor. He was no Whig; there
 is no doubt about that. To receive the
 idea that you will extend slavery ia tc
 overthrow the very elementa of the
 Constitution itself. We proclaimed ii
 such then. The Whig party declarec
 that it was unconstitutional, inasmuch
 as it led to a war for the purpose oPac
 quiring foreign territory. Now let me
 talk to my Democratic friends, for i
 you are red Democrats, if yours is the
 Democracy of Jefferson, here is m 3
 heart and my band; 1 am with you.—
 You may think 1 am a strange Whig,
 but here is Martin Van Burea—no not
 fought harder against him in 1840 that
 I did—and when the proposition wai
 made to him, lie rejected it with discus
 and contempt,and never even lubmittri
 lit to the Senate, or called a Cabine
ROCHESTER, N. Y. f FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1848.
council upon it. It it mr duty as aj
 public mn, wherever i stand, to award;
 to that gentleman what ia his just due; t
 to apeak the truth, let it fail where it i
 may. I applaud Martin Van Bureo for
 his deference to the Con»titution, to
 your rights and to mine. He did right,
 and you have no cause to find fault with
 me for sustaining him when he was ini
 the right, for God knows it was seldom;
 enough that he was ever caught there.
 (Laughter.) But he vas right upon
 this great transcendent issue now;
 brought home upon the people of the
 nation. When, in 1614, the question'
 was put to bim.by a slaveholdiog inem-
 her of Congress from Mississippi, whe
 ther he was in favor of the annexation
 of Texas, w hen Martin Van Buren'
 wrote that letter declaring himself op-
 posed to the extension of slavery aud;
 the annexation of Texas, he spoke the
 sentiments of my heart. I then did
 him justice. I then pronounced it to be j
 correct, and now pronounce it to be&gt;
 correct. It was in strict keeping with
 his course in 1837. In his letter to Mr.;
 Butler, when he called it an infraction
 upon the Constitution to legislate for
 the extension of slavery, he spoke the
 sentiments of my heart, and you have'
 no reason to find fault w ith me for ex-1
 tending to him the right hand of fellow-'
 ship upon that subject. And whoever!
 you are, if you sustain the position as-;
 sumed by Martin Van Buren in 1837, 1
 in 1844, and again in 1848, then, sir, I
 am with you upon that point. And such
 were the doctrines of Henry Clay. In
 the Lexington Observer, he declares,
 first, that Congress has no power over
 the institution of slavery, and secondly,
 that the existence of that institution de
 pends exclusively upon the States in
 which it is situated, which is the very
 doctrine laid down at the formation of
 the Constitution. Now to iny Liberty!
 friends at Boston; I wonder if some of
 those editors are here to-night that op
 posed me so, and berated me so then.
 I sustained Henry Clay because he sus
 tained my sentiments, because he sus
 tained the Whig doctrine as I under
 stood it A slaveholder as he was, it
 was my duty to do him justice, and as
 long as he sustained my doctrine, I
 was ready to support him. My Liberty!
 friends believed that he would violate
 the Constitution. They did not believe
 he would sustain the doctrine he laid;
 down. I believed that he would.—
 There was no difference between us in
 principle; the difference was in evi-'
 deuce. They were as honest as I was,
 and allow me to say that 1 was just as
 honest as they were.
 Allow me to can your attention to the
 fact that the letter of Martin Van Bu
 ’ren in 1844, aud the declaration of
 Henry Clay in 1844, were the death
 warrants of those gentlemen. They
 signed their own death-warrants when;
 they dared to come out and declare
 their sentiments, w hen those sentiments
 were in opposition to the wishes of the
 slave power. There is a power which
 raises up parties and puts them down.
 It is the slave power of the nation. It
 was that pow er which pronounced Mar
 tin Van Buren’s political death and ex
 ecution, when they saw his letter of
 1844, refusing to extend slavery. They
 used the same power, and pronounced
 the doom of Henry Clay. I hat power
 has driven both of those men to retire
 ment and private life. Am I not right?
 Ask your consciences; examine the
 record; search the history, and then as
 you shall answer God, say whether
 these are not enduring truths.
 Will you say we have nothing to do
 with slavery? Would to God we had
 not. 1 tel! you it has depressed the
 free labor the North from the first.
 Your inu it sis have been raised and
 depress* ci exactly as the freaks of the
 slave power have dictated; and they
 will continue to do so, so long as you
 continue to yield to the slave power,
 your lights w ill he trampled under foot.
 ,Do you tell me about your Tariff." In
 1846, John C. Calhoun was the great
 advocate of the Tariff, for he thought
 he could in that way extort from the
 pockets of the freemen of the North
 the whole amount necessary to pay otl
 our indebtedness. He was for fixing
 that tax upon free labor, and you, and
 I, and our friends around us, submitted
 to it. But when they saw we were
 benefited by it, that same inexorable
 power struck dow n the tariff duties and
 repealed it. It han error which has
 been impressed upon us from our in
 infancv,as it were that the slavelubor of
 the South and the freelahorof the North
 are rccoucilable. It is a contradic
 tion in terms. What! Can you recon
 cile liberty and slavery 1 i»ey are di
 rect opposite antagonisms. You might
 as well talk of uuitiug light and dark
 ness, vice and virtue, heaven and hell,
 as to speak of uniting slavery and free
 dom. It cannot be done. The law
 that builds up the free labor of the
 North oppresses the slave labor of the
 South; and the law that sustains that,
 puts down the free labor of the North,
 i it is a contradiction in terms, to say
 that the same law can benefit both.
 But we were defeated in 1844; Texas
 was annexed. Who was it that an
 nexed Texas? I know we charged it
 upon the Liberty men. I said that if
 Liberty men had united with us, we
 should have elected Henry Clay; but
 thev did not. But who was it that in
 troduced the resolution in Congress.—
 You know that we had fought early and
 late, but Henry Clay waa set aside, the
 slave power had bid him retire, and he
 had retired; and Miltoo Brown, who had
 always stood by our side in opposition
 to Texas, now introduced the resolution
 lor the annexation of Texas, thus de
 i i daring himself in the face of the nation
 an apostate to the doctrines he had pro
 fessed. Milton Brown, and seven other
 t Whigs deserted us. John Tyler bad
 to got these eight Whigs to rote for it
or it woeld not hare passed. And yet
 those men sre bugged to tbs party as
 Whigs to-day. though they bad in the
 hour of need deserted their ranks, and
 gone over to tbs enemy. Now, I tell
 you if that man be e W hig, if that be
 Whig doctrine to dcatrt our principles,
 then lam not a Whig. It ought cer
 tainly to be an article in the creed that
 their memories should last three weeks,
 but bis did not. 1 cannot change my
 opinions in so short a time as that.—
 Those eight men they went over to the
 Democrats; they voted with them, sym
 pathized with them, fraternized with
 them, and.jet they are called Whigs!
 I allude lo ‘these facts to show that
 that issue was affected by our own par
 tizans.
 The next subject to which I allude
 was the recognizing of Mr. Polk'S war.
 Now, fellow-citizens, I may come near
 er home than I have been, but you will
 excuse me. W T hen that question—
 fiaught with such transcendent conse
 quences to this nation, the waging war
 for the extension of slavery was
 brought before us, and the Executive
 declared that war already existed by
 the act of Mexico, and that abominable
 lie was placed before us, to say whether!
 war did exist by the act of Mexico, I
 ask you, fellow-citizens, what was our
 response? Look at our professions dur
 ing the entire campaign, when we fore-
 told this war on every stump in the na
 tion. I had foretold it in Ohio, and
 asked my fellow-citizens there if they
 desired to see the bones of our soldiers!
 bleaching upon the plains of Mexico, or
 their blood fattening Mexican soil. I
 had pointed out the horrors of the war;
 I had spoken of women and children
 murdered by our troops. We had fore
 told all that, and yet in that Hall who
 went for it? I will tell you. Every
 man w ho gave his vote for the war now
 stands ready to give his vote for Gen.
 Taylor for President. I cast no per
 sonal imputations; I impugn no man's
 motives; but it has been my lot to have
 my public acts scanned and scrutinized,
 and public acts are public property.
 What is done in otheial capacity is
 spread before the nation, and you are
 hound to know it and act accordingly.
 And nollr I turn to the record. Look at
 those who called this an ungodly, pi
 ratical, and murderous war, and see if
 every man of them does not sustain
 Gen. Taylor or Lewis Cass for the Pre
 sidency. Is that Whig doctrine? I
 don’t care whether you are cotton
 Whigs or woollen Whigs; I want to
 address myself to every man, Old
 Hubkers, Democrat*, Barnburner* and
 a!!: was this Whig doctrine? I stand
 to-night, where I then stood. I have
 labored*, and I call God to witness that
 I haVe-lubqred honestly, with a sincere
 desire to avoid the war, and yet all but
 fourteen in the House of Representa
 tives and two in the Senate, turned
 round and went over to the enemy,
 adopted their policy, and voted for the
 war. They say it was under peculiar
 circumstances, and it must have been
 peculiar circumstances to compel a man
 to vote against the whole course of his
 life; but I saw nothing very peculiar
 about the circumstances. Men thus
 willing to yield up their consistency and
 propriety, ought to have their public
 acts spread before the people, and
 it is your duty to scrutinize them, and
 stand forth in the defence of your own
 rights.
 From that day to this the Whig party
 has been dissolved. (Cheers.) It was
 not at the Philadelphia Convention; it
 was from that moment that our moral
 power was gone. W e could not main
 tain our consistency; we had no moral
 power before the people of the nation.
 Could I stand forth before you and ex
 hort you to sustain the Whig party be
 cause we had sustained our principles?
 The countenance of an honest man
 would be made to blush by such an at
 tempt. From that moment, from the
 11th of May, 1846, the Whig party
 have ceased to have the characteristics
 of a party. They have mingled with
 the opposite party in all the great inter
 ests of the nation. Now, I call upon
 vou, gentlemen of the press, to speak
 true; condemn me and consign me to
 infamy if truth will do it; but do not
 distort facts; do not betray the country;
 do not sell the liberties efyour country
 to the slave power. (Cheers.) Tell
 the truth to the people, for it is their
 right and your duty, and when truth is
 laid before them, if they fail to main
 tain their rights and the constitution, on
 their heads, on their children, and
 children’s children, be the responsibili
 ty. You and I will discharge our duty.
 Posterity will give us the honor; and it
 will be said then that the people have
 their just deserts.
 But the people will not be blindfolded.
 I dont believe it wdf take wine days to
 get the eyes of the people open. 1 have
 told you of the manner in which this
 1 war was brought upon ns, and I never
 felt so weighed down aud oppressed in
 my life as upon that day. With tears,
 and entreaties, and exhortations, I rnet
 the members of the House on tliwt oc
 casion, but to no purpose. Every one
 lof those men had had all necessary
 time for reflection, to ponder upon it
 Upon their pillows, but sti# they voted
 to send your frllow-ckiaens of Massa
 chusetts and every Free State to ifeat
 infernal war to leave their bodies hi
 Mexican graves, and to leave then
 blood upon themselves, and upon you
 and me. They bad time for reflection,
 •ud they did reflect; they pondered
 upon ?f; they argued upon it publicly
 and privately, and yet they voted and
 continued to vote ia favor of that war.
 I tell yotjr that when they Mad for years
 r proclaimed their unutterable detestatrurt
 of that war, aud then voted to support
 and sustain it, it waa not Whig doc
 trine. If it was whig doctrine, then I
 I was nnwhig. Wbeartfce Whigs came
into power did they not carry out the j
 precise doctrine and policy of the Loco-1
 locos, to continue the warj Lid they i
 not assume the very positions, the ver\
 doctrines, the very policy with the!
 Democrats? It was with these views,
 that 1 said that the Whig putty ceased
 to have its distinctive marks on the
 UthofMay, 1846. I denounced that
 war. 1 denounced every man who
 sustained it; every man who would
 wage war in Mexico to acquire territory j
 upon which to establish the infamous
 institution of slavery. The blood of
 the women and children murdered m
 Mexico at our bidding, instigation, and
 expense rests upon you and me. Yourj
 hands and mine are stained with it.
 And yet we talked of the w hig party.
 I still cherished the hope that w e might
 bring them back.
 (To bt conclmltd next u?eA.)
 i
 THE WILMOT PROVISO.
 Debate in Congress, July lSftlr, 1848*
 New Mexico.
 Mr. Hale—l will only detain the Sen
 ate a few moments. 1 am pleased to
 be called to order by a gentleman who
 sticks always so closely to the question
 himself (Ha! ha!) Mr. Hale desired a
 vote directly upon these amendments
 before the Senate, whether Slavery
 should or should not go into Oregon.—
 He was opposed to any compromise on
 this question; and referred to the com
 promise in the Texas annexation as not
 touching an inch of Texas, hut as run
 ning across New Mexico, which did not
 come into the occupation of the United
 States till conquered by Gen. Kearney.
 Mr. Rusk would answer all that at
 the proper time.
 Mr. Hale referred to the maps, and
 to the conquest and Government estab
 lished in New Mexico by Gen. Kearney,
 as proof that that territory did not be
 long to Texas; and even by running
 the Missouri compromise through thnr
 territory to Santo Fe and all the territo
 ry worth anything, will be south of the j
 line.
 Mr. Rusk did not rely on the maps.
 Texas had sounder claims. According
 to the maps, all Texas, down to the
 treaty, belonging to Mexico up to the
 Sabine.
 Mr. Hale—Well, then, I refer the
 Senator to the President’s Messages.
 Mr. Rusk—Our claims do not depend
 either upon the mgps, or upon the
 President’s Message.
 Mr. Hale resumed, in opposition to
 the committee and to the coiUPgUflUfc]
 Mi. Buffer sppke*earnestly w. rarer
 of the eommitfee and of the nccessityp
 from the dangers to the Union, of set
 tling this question at the present session
 of Congress.
 Mr. Hale one compro
 mise to which he would assent. He
 would agree to compromise the matter
 by giving back to Mexico every inch of
 territory we have acquired of her; let
 us tell Mexico to take it all back forth
 with, as it is but a bone of contention.
 He was unwilling to a compromise
 which contemplated the assent of this
 Government to the extension of human
 Slavery.
 Mr. Foote replied, denouncing the'
 idea of giving back the territory as ah-!
 surd in the extreme; denouncing Mf.
 Hale as affiliated with such men as
 Henry C. Wright, whose avowed ob
 ject was to break down this Constitu
 tion and this Union. Surrender this
 valuable territory! No, sir, never.—
 He was decidedly in favor of the motion
 for a committee, and argued in itssup
 port.
 Mr. Clayton defined his position to
 he on the borders ofMason andDixou’s,
 line—his great object to he an amica
 ble adjustment of this difficulty—hence,
 the motion he had made. He would he
 glad if this question could be settled
 now, hut thought it could be judicious
 ly postponed till after the Presidential
 election.
 Mt. Hale rose again.
 Mr. Westcot —l raise a point of or
 der. No Senator shall speak more
 than twice on the same day on the same
 question, and the Senator from New
 Hampshire has spoken three times.
 Mr. Hale—Only twice, Sir.
 Question put. Mr. Hale allowed to
 go on.
 Mr. Hale rose to answer the charge
 that he affialited with that class of Abo
 litionists who seek to destroy the Con
 stitution and the Union.
 Mr. Foote rose to explain.
 Mr. Westcott (aside)— Fhere—tncre
 we shall have it again.
 Mr. Hotter, (amdc)—Can't you stop
 them?
 Mr. Westcott—No; I want to bare
 a speech myself, by and by.
 Mr. Hale—l am sorry if my remarks
 give pain to the Senator from I 1 lorida.
 Mr. Westcott—Very much, very
 much, I assure you.
 A Voice—l would like to have a
 chance at him.
 Mr. Hade—The aetmfiveners of the
 Senator satisfies me that be is original
 ly from the North. Going at length in
 reply to Mr. Foote.
 Mr. Foote asked if the gentleman
 Was nut the Champion of the Abolition
 ists in (he North, and does he not ex
 pect to be nominated by the Buffalo
 Convention? If he is, we ahall have a
 Hate storm wiflf a vengeance. (Ha!
 ha* he!)
 Mr. Hale— That depend* altogether
 Upon how it is footed ffp. He then pro
 ceeded to ihow (ktft he did not be long
 to (he Henry C. Wright faction, hut t&lt;
 dm Conservative Abolitionist*,
 wished to preserve (be Union b&gt; lalho*
 back upon ffe old pidlform of dm Con
 stitution.
 With s«me further conversation be
 tween Mr. Foote and Mr.
 Mr. Wescot took dm floor. He had
 wo fears of tbo Union. He Had no fears
JOHN DICK, Psausaaa
WHOLE NO.—Bl.
of th« Wiltno^Proviao—for, if
 passed, we have a President who *ilf
 give it the veto. Tht* etcitemeftt upon
 the question would* waste itself to the
 Presidential clecyofr. He we* in fnvor
 of thb committe, end if nothing more
 could be done, the President Would be
 empowered, at in the cnee ol Florida,
 to establish n temporary Government
 over the he# territories till Cong ret*
 should meet again.
 Mr. Niles was glsd to hear the Union
 waa safe. He wsa opposed to any
 compromise on this question. He did
 not beheve it wohld be settled this ten
 sion. It c©6ld not be done by Ibis
 congress. It must be nettled by the
 people in the eiectioo of a new cong
 ress. Let the people be heard on it.
 If you pass this proposed compromise,
 the members voting for it may be burnt,
 in effigy when they go home; and the
 act will not be binding, as in the case
 of admitting Missouri as a state. These
 are but territories, and they w ill still be
 open to legislation. He wonld submit
 to be voted down, but he would never
 assent to an act by which one inch of
 free territory shall ever be stained with
 human Slavery. Alt that should be
 done this session would be to give to the
 President the temporary Government
 for the new territories in the interval to
 the next Congress, as was done in
 iao3. u
 Mr. Berrien advocated, in a lively
 strain, the committee as the safest med
 ium for a satisfactory settlement of this
 question.
 Mr. Downs congratulated the Sena
 tor from Delaware on bis motion. Ihe
 opposition from a certain quarter
 pleased him. It was proof that if this
 compromise be carried ont, Othello s
 occupation’s gone.” (Ha I ha ha
 They say the agitation will increase,
 and the difficulty will rise again. No,
 Sir; they know that the plan suggested
 will kill this free soil abolition move
 ment stone dead.
 Messrs. Baldwin dnd Wcstcott, Day
 fon and Calhoun, Bright, Foote, Clay
 ton, John Davis and others, further
 prolonged the general discussion till
 five o’clock—Mr. Dayton contending
 that Oregon was free and ought to re
 main free, by express declaration, and
 Mr. Calhoun insisting that Oregon
 was derived from Spain qnd France,
 was open to Slavery, and ought, as well
 as New Mexjco and CaliTor/iia’ to
 mam open the citizen* and their
 property -from ’dll the State#
 The «que»tto i wjfc tN lakes «o Me.,
 Jwlayton’* motion for a committee of
 m-amktafr wr. rnfflt&gt;
 suggestion ,ar&amp; id catmnitfec giisM takq the
 general* subject of Governments for thb
 territories of Oregon, California, and
 New Mexico ihto consideration, and
 report thbreori—committee to be ap
 poin.ed by ballot, four from the North,
 and four from the South', two of each
 party to each divivision. The result
 on adopting all this, was 31 to 14, as
 follows
 Yeas—Atchison, of Mo. Atherton,
 of N. H. Badger, of N. C. Bell, of
 Tenn. Benton, of Mo. Cerrien, of
 N. C.; Borland, of Ark.; Breese, of
 III.; Bright of Ind.; Butler, of S. C.;
 Calhoun, of S. C.; Clayton, of Del.;
 Davis, of Miss.; Dayton, of N. J.;
 DicMnsurt, of N. Y. Downs, of La.;
 Foote, of Miss.; Hdnncgan, of Ind,;
 Htrtrter, of Va. Johnson, of Md., John
 son, of La.; Lewis, of Ala.; Mason,
 of Va.; Metcalf, of Ky. Rusk, of Tex
 as. Sebastian, of Ark.; Spruance, of
 Del.; Turney, of Term.; Underwood,
 of Ky.; Westcott, of Fa.; Yulee, of
 Fa—3l.
 Nays—Baldwin, Bradbury, of Me,
 Clark, of K. I.; Corwin, ofO.. Davis,
 of Mass, Dix of N. Y., Fitzgerald,
 Mich, Green, of R. 1., Hale, of N. 11.
 Hamlin, of Me., Mitter, of N. J., Niles,
 of Ct. Uphain, of Vt'., Walker of W ise.
 —l4.
 IxFiMovs Law.—We fearn that
 the Corporation of Washington, our
 National Capital, have passed a new
 edict, requiring all Free Colored per
 sons in the city to give good White
 sectrrity each in a thousand dollars,
 lor their good behavior for one year
 and to pay $3 each for a certificate
 that they have given auch security.
 This is an infamous act, and the
 whole nation ought to ery shame up
 on its authors. It is unconstitutional
 also—that is, if anything can be
 unconstitutional which is done by slave
 holders against people of £oh»r and in
 behalf of pcc -ihar institutions.' What
 right has the Corporation of Washing
 ton to require inen not convicted or
 even accused of crime la give hoods
 fortheir good behavior? Of all means
 for raising the wind/ this is thn
 moat cowardly and base, and to will
 not allow ourselves to doubt that the
 Coart# of the District, if appealed to,
 would decide that the requirement is
 rHeg*f.«*»Ara there no white loafer*
 and villains la Washington who are
 quite as likely to break the peace
 the poor free men of color Why
 then should the eomplewon of the skin
 alone he held to rarr*e a preaomptiow
 that crime is meditated ?—7Vihuar.
 A awtfve of the Einwrald W«. oa
 bearing of the regulation
 and the establishment by the people ol a
 I provisional government, exclaimed,—
 I ‘By St. Patrick, and a not that just the
 thing that aweet Ireland want*/ A
 |proVi«onary government forever? By
 tha power*, the only goveromefit ft*
 has bos is a atarvatmoary cna.’
 If if easier to make an iikpdeasion
 upon sand than Upod mdrbfc but it ia
 easier to make a jn«f one upon marble
 than irptp^Mnd. W. 8. bam lor.
 Wbtaiißi mao,” n tlHmaeernr nr
 childhood; f #s* ygHg/’is thu
 poetry of uld age fign Montgßmfry.
"
