"rrmark to make. fn an attempt, under Mich
 pretext. to enu upon the jxwn of myself, 1
 •hall know no other law than that eoggented
 bv the first impulse of my nature—self-pro
 tection
 The case rias submitted to the jury, in the
 presence of a crowd of anxious spectator*,
 who, after an aheence of several hours, re
 mrned —disagreed t eleven for conviction, and
 car against. Mr. Charles M. Humphrey, th«
 Foreman, declared that he would, rather than
 be instrumental in thus sacrificing Liberty on
 the infamous shrine of slavery, bold out for
 ever Worthy Freeman!
 Aa a combat between Liberty and Slavery
 in this country must always terminate in favor
 of the latter, the slaveholder* determined not
 to be outdone and taking courage by the re
 sult of the Mttchell case in Pennsylvania,
 have renewed the suit, to come on at the Oc
 tober term and now Troutman is known to
 boast about the city that he can bring to his
 aid, if necessary, SoO,OQO. This case has
 been made the subject of sjiecial action by the
 Legislature of Kentucky, ami the Senate of
 the U. S., in which the former appropriated
 $2,000 to aid the prosecution, which money
 was expended in the present litigation.
 Mr. Haskett, one of the colored defend
 ants, recovered, before a magistrate at Mar
 shall, damages of one hundred dollars against
 Troutman. This they also wish to recover.
 The citixens of Detroit, at the renewal ol the
 suit, raised instantly, by subscription, in one
 afternoon, seven hundred dollars, to aid the
 ■defence, declaring that they shall lose noth
 ing. In uiy next, I ahall notice Detroit
 city.
 The people call loudly for a National Con
 -vention to sit on the sixth of September next,
 in Cleveland, for which I sent you the call for
 publication.
 Many of the Mexican soldiers are return
 ing. Several furniture wagon, cait, wagon,
 and drav loads of them are continually pass
 ing through the streets, all covered with
 glory”—the most miserable-looking specimens
 of freemen I ever beheld—the most perfect
 specimen of the inmates of the hospital of
 San Lazaro.”
 My friend Langston here leaves me for the
 East, via Rochester.
 On the verge of closing, I received your
 kind favor. You may look for me to a cer
 tainty to celebrate with you the approaching
 first of August. I shall write once more be
 fore my return.
 Yours, for God and Humanity,
 M. R. D.
The Rights of Women.
 One of the most interesting events of the
 past week, was the holding of what is techni
 cally styled a Woman's Rights Convention,
 et Seneca Falls. The speaking, addresses,
 and resolutions of this extraordinary meeting,
 were almost wholly conducted by women
 and although they evidently felt themselves in
 a novel position, it is but simple justice to
 mv, that their whole proceedings were char
 acterized by marked ability and dignity. No
 one present, we think, however much he
 might be dispose 1 to differ from the views ad
 vanced by the leading speakers on that occa
 sion, will fail to give them credit for brilliant
 talents and excellent dispositions. In this
 meeting, as in other deliberative assemblies,
 tharc were frequently differences of opinion
 and animated discussion but iii nO case, was
 there the slightest absence of good feeling
 and decorum. Several interesting documents,
 cutting forth the rights as well as the grievan
 ces of woman, were read. Among these
 was a declaration of sentiments, to be regard
 ed ts the basis of a grand movement for at
 taining all the civil, social, political and reli
 gious rights of woman. As these documents
 are soon to be published in pamphlet form,
 under iheauibority of a Committee of women,
 appointed by that meeting, wc will not mar
 them by atttempting any, synopsis of their
 contents. We should not, however, do jus
 tice to our own convictions, or to the excel
 lent persons connected with this infant move
 ment, if we did not, in this connection, offer
 a few remarks on the general subject which
 the Convention met to consider, and the ob
 jects they seek to attain.
 In doing so, we are not insensible that the
 bare mention of tins truly important subject
 in any other than terms of contemptuous ridi
 cule and scornful disfavor, is likely to excite
 against us the fury of bigotry and the fully ol
 prejudice. A discussion of the rights of ani
 mals would be regarded with far more com
 placency by many of whit are called the
 arise and tli j good of our land, than would be
 a discussion of the rights'of woman. It is,
 in their estimation, to be guilty of evil
 thoughts, to think that woman is entitled to
 rights equal with man. Many who have at
 last made the discovery that negroes have
 same rights as well as other members of the
 human family, have yet to he convinced that
 woman is entitled to any. Eight years ago,
 a number of persons of this description actual
 ly abandoned the anti-slavery cause, lest bv
 giving their influence in that direction, they
 might possibly be giving countenance to the
 dangerous heresy liiat woman, in respect to
 rights, stands on an equal footing with man.
 In the judgment of such jiersons, the Ameri
 can slave system, with all its concomitant
 horrors, is less to be deplored than this i ricked
 idea. It is perhaps needless to say, that we
 cherish little sympathy for such sentiments, or
 «e#pect for such prejudices. Standing as we
 do upon the watch-tower of human freedom,
 we etnsot be deterred from an expression of
 ippiobalioti of any movement, however
 umble, u, unlove and elevate the character
 and condition of any members of the human
 aim y. Vhile it is impossible for us to go
 lato Ibis subject at length, and dispose of the
 Vtrreus objection* which are often urged
 against such a ducuu* as that of female
 equality, we are free to say, that resp ect
 to political nghts, we hold woman u, be justly
 entitled to all we claim for min We go
 farther, «od expru* our conv lC tion that all
 political rights which it ta expert for man
 to exercise, jt is equally so for woman. All that
 distinguishes man as an intelligent and ac
 countable being, is equally true of woman
 snd if that government is only just which
 governs by the free consent of the governed
 there can bo no reason in the world fur detiy
 »g to woman the exercise of the elective
 franchise, or a hand in making and sdminis
 t*ru»g the law* of the land. Our doctrine is,
 •hat Right is of no ■ex.” Wo therefor*
 M the women engaged in this movement out
 bumble God -speed
Jobs JfcLea*.
 TVro has been some talk of Judge McLean
 in certain quarters, as a fit nominee for the
 i Buffalo Convention.
 The People** Convention at Columbus,
 panned the following resolution
 Revived, That we repose full confidence
 in the punty. wisdom, patriotism and firm
 neM of John McLean. His opinions that
 slavery can only exist by virtue of a special
 law that the common law, national law
 tand the law of nature are opposed to it;” that
 the relation of m i«tter and slave is an un-
 I natural a;.d artifu relation, created by the
 muncipal law. i •nnequently cannot exist
 beyond the binding influence of such law:”
 and 41 Congress has no power to constitute
 flavcry anywhere,” meet our warmest appro
 r*J and heartiest concurcnce.
 How do the sentiments that are here attri
 buted to Judge Mcljean agree with his recent
 manifestation of Dougb-faceism in tbeCross
 i wait slave case 1 In his charge to the jury in
 that case, he said 44 Should any one interfere
 after a claimant has stated a person to be his
 slave, whether in healing of the person who
 so interferes or not, he is liable and responsi
 ble to the provisions of the law in such cases.”
 That is, he shall forfeit five hundred dollars
 for each slave. The act of Congress says,
 i knowing them to be slaves.” According
 to Judge Mcl/ean, one may be ignorant that
 the person, in w hose behalf he interferes, is a
 slave, and yet he will be liable. The law is
 bad enough,—disgraceful enough bat the
 interpretation of the Judge is worse—much
 1 more disgraceful. The Buffalo Convention, it
 •isto be hoped, will not forget this.— J. D.
Cominunkations.
From our own Correspondent.
 London*, July 7th, 1848.
 Dear Douglass.—Since I last wrote to
 you, blood has been running like water in the
 kennels of Paris. A disturbed feeling had
 been known to pervade the city, and appre
 hensions were entertained that the outward
 j semblance of tranquility then existing could
 not remain for long, when a tremendous storm
 .arose, which, as regards extent and intensity,
 may be said to be utterly unforeseen. Paris
 was quiet on the night of Thursday, June 22.
 The promenades were as crowded, and the
 cafes a 3 much frequented as at any time since
 the lecent revolution. On Friday, a few
 men dressed en blouses, and armed with mus
 kets, began to traverse the streets, vociferat
 ing for a red republic.” Their numbers
 j rapidly increased; barricades began to rise
 I on all side's and before night, forty or fifty
 i thousand insurgents—some, workmen out of
 employ—others, thieves—others again, re
 turned convicts—in short, the very scum and
 off-scouring of the city, were intrenched be
 hind positions of enormous strength in one
 quarter, with the all but coward object of
 plundering the whole capital. The Execut
 ive Government stood confessed unequal to
 the crisis; at the desire of the National As
 sembly, they resigned. Gen. Cavaignac,
 late of the African army, was appointed to
 command in chief. He was requested to take
 measures for the restoration of the peace of
 ihe city. He refused to act, if full powers
 were not granted to him—if, in short, he was
 not made dictator. The Assembly at once
 accorded his wishes. The entire confidence
 reposed la him he fully justified. He dis
 posed fes (drees at immediate command
 with cuasumni:/ and with them
 [vigorously attack i,.e insurgents. He con
 centrated with the utmost rapidity all the
 forces, consisting of national guards, troops of
 the line, gardes mobiles upon the capital. The
 city was declared in a state of siege; the
 well affected were requested to keep in-doors,
 and full scope was given to the desperate
 conflict which raged fur some time with
 varying success. The citizens behaved most
 bravely none fought better than the gardes
 mobiles. Boys—almost children as some of
 them are, they assaulted and carried barri
 cade after barricade, under a deadly fire, to
 sustain the effects of which would have done
 honor to ihe old guard. The insurgents
 height with the awful courage of despair. A
 thousand troops fell before one barricade, the
 defenders of w iiicli lost but two killed and
 five wounded. The rebels will everlastingly
 be remembered as the perpetrators of savage
 cruelties which would have disgraced the
 herukee Indians. They mutilated, with
 every circumstance of revolting barbarity,
 such ot their opponents as fell into their
 power. omen came and assuaged the
 thirst of the fevered troops with poisoned
 w ine. There were even women who, w hen
 the rebellion had been crushed, boasted of the
 number of heads and hands they I ad cut off
 from living victims. And all this for what
 j That instead ol a tri-colored flag, they might
 have a red one that the dry, painstaking
 legislation, which has been attempted under
 unparalleled difficulties, might be replaced by
 the wild projects ot excited visionaries, or the
 bloody decrees of devil-possessed madmen.
 For once, however, might was with the
 right. The National Guards of the pro
 vinces poured in, stern and determined, and
 j the rebels at last saw all the fortifications cap
 tured. Many fled, others were taken pris
 oners; some fought with an inveteracy which
 1 could not dignity as enthusiasm, but rather
 stigmatise as demoniac revenge. Order ulti
 mately triumphed, but at an enormous sacri
 fice. Fifteen thousand men, at the very
 least, have perished many good, brave, and
 great men among them. The archbishop of
 Haris was treacherously and cruelly shot,
 while parleying with a party of (lie rioters.
 As soon as the city had assumed the appear
 ance of a paralyzed, rather than a healthy
 quiet, Cavaignac re-deposited in the hands of
 the Assembly the extraordinary powers with
 which, in their exticrue peril, they had in
 vested him. They proceeded at once to elect
 him President of the Council, in the place of
 the Executive Committee, with the power of
 nominating bis own ministers. In his hands,
 as an agent, are placed fete destinies of
 France. His conduct, as commander, seems
 to have been always moderate and judicious,
 and seems to have' obtained for him the
 love of Ins soldiers, the respect of his officers,
 and the willing co-operSTion of his lieuten
 ants; add to this, that be is in the prune ol
 life,—and I have fryer, y some grounds fot
 hoping that he may b# equal to the task he
 ha* reluctantly accepted. The origin of toe
 insurrection has excited great speculation. It
 u at present involved in profound mystery
 AQ the rioters had money—some «f then
 Hrgt scab; the question ts, Whence earn/
J u t Some my it wee distributed by the Le
 gittmist agent* (the partizan* of the so-called
 1 Henry V.) other*, that the Orleans faction has
 j been at work o there, that the plot has been
 concerted and assisted by the Buonapartists
 I while others agsin confidently assert that the
 1 Russian autocrat ha* been lavish of gold, to
 subvert that which be has often insultingly
 designated “the mud government of France.”
 The examination of the prisoners, now being
 urged on with extreme rapidity, will perhaps
 elicit which, if any of these conjectures,
 the truth. One thing I most subjoin. No
 thing has vet been found to indicate the pre
 cise object* of the insurgents—l mean, as
 regards the government they intended to
 constitute. One paper was discovered in
 w hich a vigorous and systematic use of the
 guillotine was asserted to be essentially ne
 icessary to the preservation of the republic.
 Another containing a programme for the cx
 elusion from the rights of citizenship for ten
 years, of every one paying two hundred
 francs a-year and upwards in taxes. So
 much for 44 liberty—equality—fraternity.”
 S. P. Q. R.
 Letter from a Slaveholder.
 Dear S 1 have been as much prejudiced
 against negro slavery as yourself, or almost
 i any other person. But since the subject has
 been so much agitated, I have read much, and
 I examined it with great attention, w ith a view
 to ascertain what was really best for the ne
 gro, and I concur with our men of information
 generally, that in all the hue and cry about
 friendship for the negro, his only real friend
 is his master; and that they aTe so well con
 vinced of it that, were it left to their vote,
 it would be so decided.
 You can never make a white man of the
 negro lie differs as much in mind as body.—
 His rank smell, uncomely appearance, and
 stupid intellect, make him disgusting to be
 associated with whites on equal terms and
 he feels this himself, and prefers his own so
 ciety and color. And besides, the negro, as
 well as the red man generally, is so consti
 tuted that his nature must be entirely changed
 before he can enjoy the same elevation of so
 ciety with the white race. With the latter,
 love, in its proper sense, is the purification
 and elevation of the good affections,which are
 perfected by marriage, and continue to be ad
 vanced and matured through life—the mar
 riage of Cana of Gallilee, in which the last
 wine is better than the first. This is more
 particularly the ca&gt;e in this country, which is
 considered the peculiar country for the eleva
 tion of the woman, and where she is acknowl-
 I edged the world over to be the most virtuous,
 intelligent and beautiful, and therefore to re
 quire no restraint, for she is above temptation,
 and besides, her sons are sovereigns, and their
 servants (our rulers) rank above the
 and princes of the earth. Her desire is only
 to her husband, and she delights that he
 should rule over her; and on this account,
 his heel is so bruised that he cannot leave her,
 and there is no serpent in their Eden. Now,
 dear friend, will such angels of affliction and
 kindness ever yoke themselves with the unsa
 vory and repulsive nigger, with whom love is
 nothing but an animal passion, without affec
 tion or constancy, and on whom God Almighty
 has placed a mark of damning distinction,and
 declared he shall ba the servant of servants
 I he black and red women are alike destitute
 of that affection necessary to insure their
 j virtue. 'I hey are creatures of mere impulse
 and passion, and the experience of the world
 has decided that the only way to keep them
 honest, is to lock them up, as is done through
 out the East at present; and besides the races
 will not amalgamate—it only embodies the
 vices and diseases of both, and destroys them.
 It is the very reverse of humanity to free
 the negro, unless you can better his situation.
 John Randolph was once attacked by a re
 spectable Quaker about freeing his negroes.
 Randolph offered him one hundred slaves, and
 only required of him to place them in a better
 situation, and gave the Quaker time to reflect
 1 upon it, and upon reflection, he refused. And
 I believe, in the height of abolition times, a
 number of years ago, in Boston and Rhode
 Island, the mobs were killing the free negroes
 by wholesale, they were such nuisances.—
 The project of sending them to Africa has
 faded; and the free negro among us is lazy,
 improvident, dissipated, profligate, dishonest,
 and every way a nuisance, 3nd not one, I be
 lieve, in a thousand can show a means by
 which he* gets an honest living. On this ac
 count, he is rambling from place to place, liv
 j ing where and how he can and so depraved
 they raise but few children. In Virginia, at
 present, the Governor has twice recommended
 to make them slaves, and there is considerable
 probability that it will be done,
 i You form no proper estimate of slavery.—
 I Take persons in your country and make them
 slaves; it would be a hardship, and if they
 consented to live in slavery, they would de
 serve killing. But the negro here is born
 and raised in that situation, and sensible of
 i his inferiority, he looks to his master to take
 care of him and protect him. Indeed, it is
 the negro who owns the master; his master's
 friends and relatives are all his, and he rates
 his own consequence according to their wealth
 and respectability. He is the apprentice who
 never serves out his time—the minor who
 never becomes of age. He marries, and is
 set up in housekeeping, and he and his family
 are all provided for. Years of scarcity make
 no difference with him he lives in plenty,
 without any care on his part, and if sick, he
 has the best medical attendance the country
 affords, and the most careful nursing and
 for all this he only does a moderate day’s
 work every day—not more than half or two
 thirds as much as is done by a while laborer
 among you. If he is honest and moral, he is
 reiq»ect«J, and indulged, and every way re
 warded and if his conduct is not so, he is
 corrected, an I every possible means used for
 his reformation. Instead of exercising over
 them the tyranny you suppose, the master re
 gards them with compassion and kindness,
 and treats them with liberality and kindness to
 such a degree as often to be impoverished by
 it, and then they are sold to another, and it is
 nut rare that you find negroes that have ruined
 three and four masters. This may appear
 incredible to you, but a negro of good charac
 ter is rarely sold, unless for the debts of his
 master, and these debts with out planters gen
 erally are occasioned by then indulgence to
 their slaves; and you may perhaps ibtnk h.
 fctrange that a man often fays $5O or $lOO to
 a doctor for attending a negro in one spdl 61"
 sickliest, when he would not hire for it in two
 or three years, or perhaps is an old negro,
 whose services are not worth a support. The
 many thousands of negroes earned to the
 South of us every year, may be generally
 considered as' sold because their labor pro
 duced no profit, or at least not sufficient to
 enable their master to live m a plain and de
 cent manner, clear of debt. At the South,
 their labor is more profitable; but 1 can assure
 vou that were it not lor slave labor, cotton
 and other staples would be at lean five times the
 price they are, for the white man can never do
 much labor in those ctanates, and it can never
 he done by the negro m a state of freedom.—
 They are a thoughtless and improvident race,
 and even as slaves, the master is a meritorious
 person, who keeps theiri rabrzt and honest,
 and makea them wotk enough' to produce en
 income besides their support. Yet thtseen
 be done with prudence and care, and in Ums
 way both are greatly benefited. Yet the
 mister who httr slaves never thinks himself
 above labor, onless fas has enough to employ
 his at tent rob in overseeing them, or fellows
 some other pursuit.
 The negro if turbulent, headstrong, sod
 with bad propensities, sad constantly exor
 cises the vigilance end patience of the mas
 ter. leave negroes who are good mechanics,
 and I get lor them oooixaiit employ and good
 price; yet win I to net them free, they weald
be etnsanor* to fee pobhe. I have others,
 who attend to my pUauuna affairs, and have
 done ao for 30 years, yet they cannot get
 along without ray direction. Other* manage
 ray household affair*, clothing the whole fam-
 Uv, giving me httle or no trouble, yet werf&gt; I
 ikH in piece, ttwy would soon be i* confusion.
 Some who commit offences, run away and he
 out in the woods for weeks, or even months;
 but it is to keep clear of the punishment they
 deserve, and which for their good is actually
 necessary and besides, the negro knows it
 1 himself, and actually despises a master who
 will not correct him when he deserves it, and
 thinks him of no account, because he can fool,
 and cheat him, fee. But with all this run
 i ntng away and lytag &gt;o fee woods, and the
 like, it is nut to get free, but to get clear of
 I punishment; yet tnev do sometimes get off to
 the free States, and are taught to lecture
 about horrid sufferings and the like, to suit
 l political purposes; yet their situation is always
 made worse, and I often hear of bsggmg
 letters they send to their masters to enable
 them to get home.
 Fred. Douglass ran away from this State.
 I have not seen his book, nor do I suppose
 i that he wrote it. We have had educated ne
 groes here, graduates at college, bat in intel
 lect they could scarcely attain to mediocrity,
 with all advantages, and in obtnseness of
 mind they were negroes still. The time has
 been when the abolition subject gave us some
 annoyance, made some insurrections, and cost
 many lives but upon the whole I think it ha*
 been an advantage to the South. It has con
 vinced them that it is perfectly justifiable by
 the scriptures, which they were inclined t«i
 doubt, and that it is humane and not criminal,
 and shown to the world that the slave of the
 South eats about twice 39 much, and is much
 better clothed, lodged and accommodated, and
 does less work than the agricultural laborer ir
 Europe, and one was never known to die ol
 hunger. I believe that about 100,000 arc
 expended yearly by the societies in Englanc
 to agitate this subject among us. It had bet
 ter be given to their poor at home. At pre&amp;
 ent, abolition excites no interest of couse
 quence among us we look upon it as a poli
 tical measure, altogether at the North, got uj
 for party or sectional purposes but you musi
 forgive me if 1 assure you that we sometimes
 grieve and sometimes laugh that so many oi
 the intelligent and refined ladies at the Non!
 should be so zealously engaged in a subjeci
 which has a tendency to give them black hus
 bands and mulatto children. And I believe
 the time has passed by when the Northern
 lady will choose to be seen waited on in public
 by a negro. For we are a white nation, and
 the only one on earth, and as such, peculiat
 people. No black person has authority among
 us. A kind Providence has drove out the red
 man, and given us their possessions. If we
 amalgamate with the red or black, we may
 expect the fate of Mexico, which is a mixed
 raee, aud therefore become incapable of self
 government. We may have bean made all
 of one blood, that is, all mortal, I admit; bui
 the red man is certainly more highly favoret
 than the black, and the white vastly superior
 to the red. Christ was the incarnation— the
 carnation or white race, a new creation, and
 we have no historical account of the white
 race previousto this period, unless in Japheth,
 vho now has the ascendancy; and among the
 white race, the Americans are certainly of the
 highest rank, foi we are the only nation capa
 ble of self-government. Yours, &amp;c.
 Political Items.
 New Y ork. —The following resolution was
 passed at a Free Soil Meeting held iu New
 York:
 Resolved, Th:.t we view with scorn the miser
 able contrivanc is of a few Northern dough
 faces and their Southern taskmasters, designed
 to cheat the people of this Union out of the
 decision ol the great is sue of the present
 time; that we uttirly reject and repudiate any
 pretended “compromise” which surrenders e
 single mile of the virgin soil of the mighty
 Pacific region, as yet untrodden by the footol
 a slave, all of which is required for the vasl
 multitudes of landless laborers in our own
 country, and the refugees from European
 oppression, to the degrading contact of human
 bondage, and insatiable avarice of monopoliz
 ing slave owners; and that, if any such
 fraudulent scheme is enacted by the present
 Congress we pledge ourselves to raise im
 mediately the banner of repeal, and to agitate
 unceasingly until every provision abolishing
 freedom is expunged from the statute-book.
 New Hampshire.—The Concord (N. II)
 Independent and Freeman says, A cor
 respondent writing from Culdbrook, N. H.,
 July 5, states: We have had a meeting to-day,
 and elected a delegate to the Buffalo Conven
 tion, to be held on the 9th of August next.
 Ashtabula Moving.—A convention of all
 who prefer free insurious to slavery, is to be
 held at Jefferson Ashtabula Co., on the 31st
 inst. The call is signed by many of the ster
 ling and influential citizens of that county.
 The Ball Moving. —A Free Soil” State
 Convention has been called in Maine, to meet
 at Portland on Wednesday the 26th inst.
 The object of the Convention is stated to
 be, to take such steps as the occasion shall
 demand, to prevent the extension of slavery,
 and to co-operate with the other Free States,
 in the Convention to be held at Buffalo on the
 9th of August, 1848.”
 The Southern Whigs.—We have re
 peatedly stated that Southern Whigs and
 Southern Democrats occupy the same ground
 in respect to the Extension of Slavery. Both
 parties at the South are resolved to support
 no man for President whose views do not ac
 cord with their own on that subject. The
 following is a resolution passed by the Whig
 State Convention of Georgia, which ap
 pointed the Delegates of that State to the
 Whig National Convention;
 Resolved, That the Nomination of Gen.
 Zachary Taylor meets the hearty conrutrenccs
 of a majority of this Convention, but in the
 spirit of a just and liberal concession we stand
 declared to support Henry Clay, or any other
 Whig, Provided the views ol the nominee
 concur with our own on the subject of the
 Wihnot Proviso and Southern Rights.'— Out.
 M*sx.
 The Buffalo Convention. —The Hamp
 shire Herald says in regard to the action of
 the Convention;
 Who will be the candidates* We know
 not —The choice appears to He b'tween
 Martin Van Buren aa*l John P. Hale. As at
 present advised, w e do not think Mr. \an
 Buren can receive the votes ot the Abolition
 ists. We trust for the sake of union, be wdl
 out receive the nomination, i urthermore,
 we do not consider it sound policy to nominate
 him. We cannot poll so larye a vote as John
 P. Hale, with Joshua K. GiddmgS for Vice
 President. Such a ticket would be fete best,
 and, we think, the only one that can unite all
 sect ions m thta election. Merer*. liale and
 Giddings would come bpfore the people fresh
 from their contest* with fee Slaveholder*,—
 the fit representative* of the anti-slavery
 sentiment of fee country. Hundreds of thou
 sands of h&amp;iest and trate-lfearted men have
 witnesdhff, With adnortraUes, Mr. Hale's course
 m the Senate, end are eager to attest their
 gratitude and devotion to the Man for the
 Hour, by giving him their vote*.
 Col. Jcrrcasow Dayix. soh-in-law of Gee.
 Taylor, a warm advucace of his. and one of
 fee Southern allies, by whose aid his election
 is hoped to be effected, has just made a speech
 iri fee United States &amp;naie, taking the most
 extreme ground against fee Wilo** Prirrtso,
 and in for or of extending the blessings of
 Slavery to aH feb new wrilorie*.
 Stats Convention*.— The Democrats
 have fixed fee 30th of August for feetr Stale
 Convention. The Whig* have not yet fixed
 on a day —PiXUburgk Dispatch.
 fCF The friends of Free Soil hi Maryland
 have determined to appoint dslsgatsi re the
 Buffalo CoaosMian, end re Mmptte taebo
 toral tidfcet
Go. Title*.—He Sooth ad 14r, ud
 under too. Born amid Slater?—reared amid,
 Sl*rerr —living amtd Slater?—a Slave-SoU-j
 er—a Slave hater—a Stave-killer—what n*flrj
 eoatd the? ask The Sooth Carolina poll fort- 1
 ana of all ctaeme, trill yield him aupoort. 1
 Holmes baa given ta his adhesion, and Jobs I
 C. Calhoen, who is ooly Sooth Carolioa coo
 denied, wdl go bun en masse. The Taylor
 argument at the South ta, that Taylor is for,
 Slavery —that with him the peculiar institu
 tion** is safe. CJrcHaed Dm Democrat.
 Grs. Casa.—Supposed to be invincible
 because he has so many assailable points that,
 in attacking hun, human ingenuity will
 become bewildered, and all efforts prove boot
 less. His name is only all that is sycophancy
 in politics reduced to significant brevity. He
 has cringed and truckled to the Slave Power
 till his reward is at hand. He will bo Presi
 dent or remain nothing—nothing !—OevUmd
 True Democrat.
 Taylor Mas, Rcad!— Henry Clay made
 a speech in Baltimore, from which the ltd
 lowing is an extract
 If indeed, we have incurred the divine
 displeasure, and if it be neceesery to chastise
 this people with a rod of vengeance, l would
 humbly prostrate myself before Hun, and
 implore Him, in His mercy, to visit our fa
 vored land with war, with pestilence, with
 famine, with any scourge other than Military
 rule, or a blind and heedless enthusiasm for
 mere military renown.”
 Address of Anti-Slavery Women of West
 ern New York.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 duty we owe to God and our fellow beings,
 the Anti-Slavery women of Rochester feel
 constrained to continue to persevere in their
 efforts for the oppressed and suffering bond
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in the
 Southern prison house. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 13 their labor wrested from them unremunera
 ted not only do they suffer from intense hun
 ger and cold not only are the females, our
 sisters, subjected to the cruel and passionate
 outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 seers but there are daily instances of sun
 during the dearest ties in nature, thus sepa
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing belter—can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 ish as slavery It would be unreasanable,
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit/’ Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionately
 invite the co-operation of the citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask them
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember,
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, and concludes by tbe forcible asser
 tion, “Inasmuch as ye have done it to one of the
 least of these, my brethren, ye have done it
 unto me.” We feel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and are careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live for the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time to their own per
 sonal ease—all who feel bound to improve the
 precious time allotted to them here, by pio
 moting as much as possible the cause of truth
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever
 the demon of slavery from our land and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, wc should be a light to the
 world.”
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. The
 Christian’s influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the aid of men and
 of women we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 merchant. We ask all and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they C3n spare,
 either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blessings with which they were endowed
 by our Creator.
 For this object, we propose holding a Fair
 in December next. We ask the females in
 the adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 pared, but in convincing the public mind of
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 and thus be helpers in hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. Hallowell, do.
 Mary H. Hallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Burtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larso.h, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Khoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braithwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty,] Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Park*, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Catron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintocx, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackintyre, Darien.
Cotnuttcctal.
Rochester. July 27, 1848.
 Trade during the past week, hie been entirely in
 active. The farmers, from whom the supplies of the
 market must cook, have devoted all their lime and
 energy to securing their crops.
 Transactions have been tew. Some small parcels
 of Genesee Wheat have been taken at *1 per bosh.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Carre at.
 FLOUR amp MEAL—Duty T
 Flour, t hbl 525 5 75
 Com ijh-al, P bosh 3S
 PROVI.SIONrL—Duty; Beef.PoHt ,Ha*s, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 2d pc r Cheese 30 p ad vnl
 Pork, (mess) fj
 Do- in hog 5000 5 25
 Beef cvru 4 5* 5 00
 Do.’bbl. (mess) 7NB 6
 Lard (tried) p I
 Du. 4»eaf,&gt;
 Hams, (smoked) 7» 8
 Shoulders, do. 54t
 Turkeys pft -t. 8
 Chickens J
 Potato**, bash.
 GRAIN—Dotyr pcad rml
 WhnuE, bosk 1
 Com
 oats 4 n m 4d
 HlDE?—Duty, wifdmdnf
 Slaughter
 Calf
 timed* itffe;* M«Srd*rp
 cal rtf
 CV&gt;v«r I 7a
 JT* ?S
 Fiai 'Dht nk fetlip mril; St p e sd ral
 j White** bbt 7lf
 Codfeb cwt 4 II
 SUNDRIES-
 Sak.phH. ltt
 Aspics, P hmh 0
 Do. dr mi ft t II
 Eos, p dot
 BZns.pMah &lt;§7 1 tt
 Has.p«o .mm mitm
 Hard weed SftMSMPa
 Set |S
incuts.
I HEW n»P FACTORY.
 T™ «*—fry -**°d to udora tW
 Niis wfei kt vriS Ik han to t—if —m* »h
 who £ivor turn wuh
 Hating had cunoKkrebfe rirmri—u ta kia .1
 btaiana, be pledge* bias* If to fanush a* good an
 article, and at a« good art-rial, ms can be procured
 at m? odor rinntar esobfafeosut in ifcis cm. Ha
 Psaps are famished with taker wood or had pipe,
 aa atj *uh coalmen, lie ah&gt;&gt; Moppoea, to order,
 •vary description of Aqueduct Log*, or Lead P*pe
 Tke subscriber will take pleasure in directing «drir
 I of h«* cygtef r* as may require tbe iotbrmanoo, u&gt;
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging. drilling, or blasting wcUs. promptly, and at
 res* wslils rates. AU kinds of Pimps repaired ta
 order.
 DCF Tbe above work, will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do w*U to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 j d rpi t
 Rochester, July 14,1843. lj»
Cash Grocery ai4 Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 (Old Stand of Edward Bard w ell.)
 JUST received, and will be kept constantly on
 hand, an extensive and complete assortment of
 Groceries and Provisions.
 A large lot of Groceries just received, bought in
 New York, at the lowest of the very low prices of
 the present season.
 Sugar*, from a good article at 5 cents per lb. to
 the best crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico. Constantia and New
 Orleans Molasses, very low for ’he quality.
 Mackerel, Shod, Codfish, Rice, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruit*, and all the articles, too
 numerous to mention, which make a full variety to
 supply every want of families or deaLrs.
 Choice fresh Green and Black Teas.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffees.
 Casli paid for produce and provisions.
 Tlie attention of formers, city families and dealer*
 is respectfully solicited. Those who have long fre
 quented this well known stand are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in want of goods in
 my line, are iuvited to examine my assoitment and
 prices.
 I sell for Cash only, and can therefore afford to
 sell low. A new lot of g.iod* expected from New
 York in a few days. I intend to make arrange
 ments toon to keen a supply of Fret Labor Groceries.
 Customers shall be assured of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and price of mv goods.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, July, 1348. 3m29
Important to Farmers.
 IDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Grass
 Plow. The Farming Public are hereby informei
 that Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 scribcr for his recent great improvements in the con
 struetion and manufacture of Field Cultivators
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
 the whole system of farming, by reducing the expense
 one-!tali' or more. Wherever they have been intro
 duced, they have met the decided approbation ol
 farmers, as tlie following certificates from the intel
 ligent and practical formers whose names art
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 by .Nathan Ide, of Slielby, Oilcans Co., New
 j ork, and believe it to lie, as a labor-saving ma
 i chine, one of the greatest improvement* of the age.
 By it, a former can put in from ten to fifteen acres
 I more of wheat in a year, with the same amount ol
 j team lahor; he can also sow it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 -1 strutted that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 onlv just brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the liest machine ever invented fur
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as such wc cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother formers.
 James H. liedlcy, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, llartes liedlcy,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., Aprif 23, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, purcliased one of Natlian
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Sprint
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per da\
 fir wheat, and it is much better done than by tin
 old plows; and the kind pepared by this Cultivatoi
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, IS4B. DEN Nig CHURCH.
 We consider this Cultivator one of the b-st
 labor-saving implements in use, and as such com
 mend it to lit? fanning community.— Genesee Farmer.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deem* it
 unnecessuiy to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with it* various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must I* seen
 and used. No former who fully under*tan Is his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 The wheel* sire 32 inches in diameter, with tire
 and buelic* like an ordinary carriage wheel. The
 body of the Cultivator is a stout mime with two
 rows of teeth, 3 before, and 4 behind; a tongue
 completes the wliole, which is firmly attached to the
 frame, and serves to guide and sicaitv it when in
 operation. The teeth are cast 14 inches long, pointed
 with steel, and so formed a* to wear sharp. Every
 part of the machine is built in a strong and durable
 manner.
 The advantages of this Cultivator are manifold.
 Ist. By means «»f the wheels the machine runs easy,
 and the teeth go to a uniform depth. 2d. The teeth
 are ao long, that the machine never chokes, the
 ordinary cobble stones and boulders rolling readily
 between them. 31. The tongue guides the imple
 ment with accuracy and precision. Ami 4th. At
 Seed time, by going the last time across the lands,
 small channels or ducts are formed leading into the
 mam furrows, which effectually fake off the surplus
 moisture, and thus render the wheat less liable to be
 winter-killed. An additional improvement lias
 recently been made to this machine, so that the
 wheel inay be lowered and frame raised 7 inches or
 more, if necessary, and thus the depth regulated.
 A boy ten years old can raise or lower it with ease.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby Orleans Co., N. V., July 1818.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. V., where farmers are invited
 to call and examine for thcnucivei.
New and Seeond-IlaiMl Clothing,
 At 48, Exchun%t Strut, Rr&gt;thr*t&gt;r,
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 his friend* ami the Public -nerally, that he has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Beco«d Hand Clothing, such as Coats,'Panta
 loons, Vests, tu:., wit!* which he wilt supply
 Customers at the rmst reafmuhie Prices.'
 L. 8. desfre* also I» mf »rnt the Public,' that he
 attends to rep.iirntg and renovating, which he war
 rants to be tbrtle at tlie ciwapr st rate, and in the
 best and neatest possible manner. His lun( experi
 ence in Am business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronize him, th»t bis walk shall be done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14, fS4
THINKS! THINKS!
 rfE firm qsaliiv of nstscie is to be had ax LA IMG
 k Mt EslabTethmeut, No. 56,
 Utile Btr*wt, Rochester. Alan 0 general usirt
 neot a# Values/ Ttitdlisf Bag. Ac., which are
 ofle ed at the #«r&gt; lowest prices lor Cash.
 Carriage Tnua.iiing executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatrb,'by J.'T. Lhiar, »t bis old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mans am House.
 J. T. L. haying hai extensive exjimeics in tue
 Eastern markets, hopes' to give saU'factim to a
 genferow* public who dtaM fjW hun with their pa
 troaHge.
 Rochester, July 14, IS4B. 8m
Free Laker Ms.
 IfANUFACTI ftED by American Frns.Pro
 iU dace Asseati's, and fur sale at No. 31, North
 Fi/th-street, Pf.’laleiphia;
 MmirthrGiajiaai; Checks, Apron and Pur
 ■hnrer Canton Flannel, wfainarhud; Wwsiia,
 beached sad unbleached, of vara** cptshtw* and
 width; thin Mtssliw (hr Imines, bru\.’a and coloTe.!;
 B»t Eve Towels; black and wltee Wwhhag;
 Dun* imps; Lamp Wick; Bed Tickiaf, an sot
 cdieuuwuele; Cnheo, Stodunge, Kniutng Cotton,
 Ordeew fee Goods. nr tetters 4« siring mfnrmatisa,
 mmj be trite.—d J. MsUsr McXnsi, 3t, Nwtn
 FiWttmt; Ibsei L. Milter, Tenth stren. to
 Jaams Mou. No. 85, c£eh Alter
 A lam and bnhtel &gt;tthes unset U PrsoSs new
 oa baad. pi—(f
 MMiven •fleet
 Sp. ai. Ntrtk Ftftk Strutt,
 A sJimSm
 MB 6
JOB PRINTING.
 NORTH STAR OFFICE, is fore, dad
 1 Wit') *rw Job Tjrre. for the .sssmmi of every
 description it Printing nwtnuus and despuarir.
 at the fosregl prices for
 flMd luih Blanks, BiS baa da,
 IWnudttM. Cirtriaff, BiB*ofUrfmf/
 Cart*. Labels. Be.
NEW PL'BtICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY fN A FEW DAT*.
 D Walker’* Appeal, with a brief skatchsf
 life be Hmre Highland Garnet.
 ANo, Gensvr’s Address s*r*r S/uws (f lh E*w
 ttd Stores. TVu address was rejected by Aa Na
 tinr.sl Coavenfioa at Buffalo ia ISdJ. The atfitiou
 if .mail, and those *ho Jrs.re femte* wiffdo wffil tw
 sere! m their ord^vrewlv.
 JUS r PUBLISHED, a tartan atfrtirJ Ta
 TaST AXDpRRStST Co* Ditto* OtTII COLSR
 If Rack, by H'W Gmnsst.
 Published at Troy, N. P. Oder* attended ta-
 April 28, Sen.
Open to the Public, from f. A.M. to 8 F.M.
 THE ANTI-SLAVERY OFFICE a»» READ
 ING ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with"
 some of the best Anti-SlaTerv, Temperance, Rail*
 gious. Political ami Inferur? Fapers.-
VARRATIVK OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 ICK DOUGI.A99, written he butlf ta be
 bad at ihi* office, price cents.
NOTICE.
 THE Copartnership heretofore existing hetweeu
 CLARK k. DCNCOMBE. was mutually dis
 solved on the Ist of April, IS4N.
 A. CLARK,
 C. 11. Dt NCOWBfi.
 Rochester, June 2, 1849.
 DR- CLARK, still continues at No. S 9 SiaithV
 Arcade. Buffalo Street. Dfo CtaVk Wtmfd in
 form tlie citizens of Rrche*ter and surrounding coun
 try, that he keeps a good assortment ol* Thomteniau
 and other Botanic Mcuitines, oeatb put up with di
 rection* for family us* also for sale Dr Thomson’s
 New Materia Medica. This valuable Work should
 be owned by every prsetitiooer and family ia the
 land.
 A. CtXKK.
 June 2, 1818. if.
llair-CntliofT and Dressing if
 RALPH FRANCIS’* Saloon, under the Eagle
 Hotel, RuTalo-atrect. jul 14—3ui
BOOKS, Sic., For Sale at the Amti-Slatery
 Office Reading Room, No. 25 Buffaler
 *t.. Second Storv oi&gt;po*ite the Arcade;
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass.
 Jonathan NV'atltei
 Portrait c ,r
 Spooner on Unconstitutionality of Slavory.
 W. Phillips reph* to do.
 I .eg ion of Libn ty.
 Slavery illustrated by it* effect on Woman.
 Also a rich variety of Fancy and naeful article#
 made by the Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society.
Noib in the Press,
 A TRIBYTE FOR THE \EGRO,
 BEtXG A VIS DICATIOX OF THF. MORAL, ISTt L-
 I. F.CTI'AL AXD RELIGIOUS CVTABILITIFS or
 THE COLORED PORTION Of MANKIND
 With particular reference to the African race,
 Illustrated by numerous atifhenfir facts, Riographica
 Sketclies, Testiiuonfer ft Trtfellers,- lie.'
 The motives which have actuated the antfibr in
 pre|.aring tlie above-mentioned work, are solely a
 desire to interest and enliglitcu the pultlic mind, oni
 a subject intimately connected with the happiness or
 misery of a large jmrtion of the Imirmn familv; and
 by a relation of facts and testimonies, which n&lt;v
 assertions can annul, to remove a deeply-rooted pre
 judice, existing in the minds of many, respecting tlie
 African race.
 It is an important qne*tinn dhethev 4ie Negro is
 constitutionally, and tiunctore Wn:iwdiuMy inferior
 to th« white man, in the powers of the mind. Much'
 of the future welfare of the human race depend* on'
 the answer which experience and fact* will furnish'
 to this question; for it concern* not oiilv the va*t'
 population of Africa, but many millions of die Negro’
 race, who are located elsewhere, and tlie whites who’
 are becoming mixed with tlie black race, in eonntries
 where Slavery exists, or where it ha* existed till
 w ithin a recent period. Many per;vu» have ventur
 ed upon peremptory dcciaion* on both side* of the'
 question; hut the majority appetiVfo be still unsa tis
 lied a* to the real capabilities' of rN- race-
 Their present actual inferiority in many respects,
 comparing them as a whole with tlie lighter colour
 ed portion of mankind, is too evident to Is- disputed;
 but it must Is- Imrne in mind that they nre not in a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to lie drawn be-'
 tween the two. Their present degraded state nmy
 be easily accounted fir bv the circumstances amidst
 which Negroes have lived,'both in their own country
 and abroad. Il a single instance can lie adduced of
 an individual otilie Alriciin race exlnhiting a uenius
 which would be considered eminent in citilittij Euro
 pean society, w e have a proof that there is no incom
 patibility lietween Negro organization and high in
 tellectual power. But jt is not one alone, liut many
 remarkable c**es ol this descripliun tluit are lirought
 forward in the present volunu', which inclwlrs up
 wants of f5O Ilio graphical skitchcs of Africans vr I hue
 descendants, besides Fact* and Anecdotes, Testimo
 nies of Travelk'rs, Missionaries, Ac., tlie whole
 forming a complete “Tkibute for the N kgru,”
 and exhibiting an undoubted reffita'ti4n' of un
 founded calumnies which have lieen heaped on the un
 fortunate race of Africa, proving them to lie endowed
 w ith every cliameteristir constituting their iilentity
 w ith the great taindy df and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are life,'liberty,' and flic pursuit of happiness,” any
 inlringeinent on which is a flaring usurp.uem of the
 prerogative and authority of the Most High.
 Tlie work **itl fo- rendered additionally interesting'
 by a x Arc rorhi at r. flmowrewihr coem,
 written purpo«elv for tlie occasion, by Be rsakd
 Bartd.x. It w ill also he enrirbed by tbe addition
 of a lieautiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to the London Missionary S'irtetv, representing two
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidence before a
 Select Committee of the llouaa of Common*. Tire
 African* are giving evidence, Dr. f'billip i* seated
 in the foreground, and Janie* Read, sen. ami jun.,
 .Missionaries from South Africa, are standing, tbe
 latter acting a* interpreter, 'l bs VokoK *»U »Uo con
 tain portrait* of
 Cl.sqr e, t|»e Chief of ,\mi*tad Captive*.”
 Jax liiTxnt., Christian tfttef of tlie Aniakosat
 Trilie.Siaitli AlViVti.
 J. VV. C j I'ehixotos.-r higldv esteemed Mniitcf
 of the tioipel, of pure African extractmn.
 Frederick Douoi'.ass,tin- fugitive *lave.
 Olaudah Eqffira'tvo, crGvsTWtt* VasjT.
 Ungraved on *taeilqr brut-rate Artists. Also a EAC
 SIMILE of tlie WritiM ufivttullt L’OttVEß
 rure, die Bfock lAiuiof Ilayti.
 The Work wdl lirpriuterl in tlie best tvpd', on fine
 nier, and consist of about 500 page* 8 Vo., hraulitnf-'
 xniisl in cloth, with rr aopriqaivte device, form
 ing an elegant volume for tlie uutwiann tabic.
 All profit* arising from it* aalc*will be tlevoted Ur*
 the Anti-Slavery cau*e; AiceriCßn price, to njl^s-r, 1
 ers £3; to #4; iimlivuluuU dcsir.
 of possess lug copies willoUige by sending i heir oi
 lier* to Wilsos Arm uilad, Leeds; or to (he
 North Star Office.*
PROSPI’pfitTUS 6f‘ tilE
 American PbreMlogictt Joarnaf.
 t: foWlkit, EbiTtrtr.
 IV&gt; ref,rm and pc*tee* oanwlves and foy race, in
 die most exulted of all worts. YoT.l.i do this w
 muat umterstaist tint JUinnau. C*yw.*eoion. Th
 Phrenology, Pliyrv and Vital .Vagurtism e«n
 bruee, and eenre aff die fcrfe* of.aw being,
 conditions of hapf (teas, *wrl ennStituU U«r piukwo
 pher’s **One of Universal Truth.
 fHREMOIOOT
 Each irunber witf anism either the «uh&gt;i« and
 lora! 100 of sosae (acuity t'Ja mmr I by
 Ef&lt;rravittg, «e an arisen lon thrr ennstu latwds:
 and also u«e organization and rharadey of Aaae die
 tingwohed personage, aernmpnnitd t&gt;y It Hates.
 PHVfiIOLOOY.
 Health late, Thn pM uwinwwent of tilte vir
 tue aud liapptness, all of which d sugmrwts. To us
 preservation and iStaßw »I1 bs
 given.
 Mtthtrrftf.
 With pnwvial instruetam, tetthf tects. an®
 choice inslh. wteck U uMJds, mUI bn ~&lt;rscntod M
 this Journal.
 rotoxa xtx.
 Tbs bteswtegs they W. tetesswm they ca«
 wwM. end then Mbpsrsiftsi ter enmterung our^
 utimw, wdffUm the tnsme of s serwa of articles.
 f &lt;XLr-» irr xoVe m t xf.
 Who dm mm tmmf ■■rwusrty.an* would uofttiWs
 assiduously, •XwM* tee MteVhl pswys, and
 TEBiW iuTinaMy hi ttymu Q?lg DOLL
 AS A YEAR.
 fc
 t iNn If! Ns^vTlTw-, Tnrll
"
