"Poctrij.
For t be North Star.
 A VOICE FROM JAMAICA ON THE FIRTT
 OF AUGUST.
 BT J. C. MC *l*riOS».
 Hail, ihoo f*ft« an«l «.*leome day,
 Lei ibr angob join the by,
 Arxl hr Ip tu «wril the authr.n high;
 1W ail your golden harp* once more.
 And strike to notes ne’er Mtoek before;
 And while we praise oar God most high,
 Who*.- prreeiwe fills both earth and sky.
 We would that proud America
 Should catch the sound and join the lay;
 Yen, let the morning’« zephyr breeze
 Go bear the echo o’er die seas;
 May Haytia gladly catch the gala.
 And Porto Rico tell the tale;
 Let the Atlantic’s dancing spray
 Salute this newborn happy dsv,
 And all the islands of tfte sea
 Proclaim Jamaica’s liberty.
 To-day we gladly congregate,
 A happy band, to celebrate
 The day we rose from slavery’s tomb.
 Our chinking chains no more are heard;
 Our limbs no more by fetters scarred;
 Our bucks no more arc bathed with blood;
 Our tear* have ceased our cheeks to flood—
 We no more fear the master’s frowns,
 Nor flee to escape the laying liounds;
 No more we fear the distant sail
 That swells liefarc the Southern gale;
 Our locks arc free from midnight dew,
 The stars hare ceased our wrongs to view;
 I»re, joy, ami pear* are now combined,
 With freedom’s golden chain entwined.
 The knee in sacred awe we bend,
 With million hearts once more to spend
 This day in free unfettered praise,
 Our thanks belong to God alone.
 For he this mighty work has done.
 He saw Use tyrant wield the lash—
 He saw our wrongs —He weighed them well—
 \Vrungs which no tongue of man can tell;
 His heart was nulled by our grief,
 And lo! h« came to our relief.
 Wake every psaltery, lute, and lyre,
 And set die world on freedom’s fire;
 Ami never cease to fan the flame,
 Till all mankind shall see the light
 Of knowledge, liberty, and right.
 Let St. Domingo proudly boast
 The power and valor of her host;
 Yea, let her freeborn sons proclaim
 The glory of a Tumsaint’s name;
 And let Bcsancon’s prison tell
 The chieftain's fame from cell to cell,
 Where he w ith bold heroic pride
 For his own native country died.
 Dut we will not in princes boast;
 *T was not the |«ower of human host
 That brought this sacred jubilee
 Which set eight hundred thousand free.
 But can we—dare we thus rejoice,
 While slavery sends her dismal voioe
 From haughty, lose America 1
 Brave heroes boast of patriot sires.
 While monuments and dazzling spires
 Out-top Green Mountain’s loftiest peak,
 And glory of their country speak.
 They speak of honors, art, and skill—
 Loud strains resound from Bunker Hill;
 They speak in heavenly notes the fame
 And virtue of a Savior’s name!
 They speak of love—the people’s good—
 Of universal brotherhood!
 And while the church and state combined.
 Secured by arms, compose their mind,
 And thank their God for freedom won
 By brave heroic Washington,—
 The old Atlantic’s western waves
 Becloud her shores with drowmed slaves;
 America, imbrued in blood,
 Offensive is to man and God.
 Her ministers, each Sabbath, all,
 Repent! repent! to sinners call;
 Yet spurn God’s word for filthy gain;
 Pervert the truth, and loud proclaim,
 44 Salvation—peace, felicity,
 To all the islands of the sea;
 Tite prison-house of sin is oped,
 Through Jesus Christ, the heathen’s hope;
 But, negro, thou wast born a slave,
 And thou must fill a bondman’s grave;
 No balm in Gilead can be found
 To heal your deep and mortal wound.”
 Zanesville, May 25, 1848.
 From Young America.
 Go forth, stout hearts! go forth and spread—
 The mission is sublime—
 The hope that animates our souls,
 The idea of our time.
 Go forth! and bid the weary crowd
 Cast by their dark despair;
 Go forth unto the ever-bowed,
 Let them our pleasure share;
 For we decree.
 That land is free,
 Free as the air,
 The open sea!
 Go forth where hoar oppression stalks.
 Or weaves his subtle snare,
 Go forth, and tell him we have stripp'd
 His hideous engines bare;
 Go forth, and warn him to relax
 His chums grown old and sear,
 Go tell him men are getting light,
 His doom is sounded here.
 The land is free!
 The land is free!
 Free as the air,
 The open sea!
 Go forth to slavery's crowded mart;
 To him of silent tear,
 Go forth and joy die toilet’s heart,
 W ith help that is so near;
 Go tell him that industry and worth
 Need not be crushed forever;
 Go tell him dial freedom is for him,
 k wants but uis endeavor.
 That land is free!
 That land it free!
 Free as the air.
 The open eea!
 God speed the mission'—'tia Hia work;
 Go on, though men deride,
 Strong in the strength of His great cause,
 The pure, the crucified!
 Go forth* have courage, have good kith.
 And prosper by His grace:
 Go forth! the great evangel preach,
 Of Fuecitom to our race.
 Aye, and decree,
 That land is free I
 Free as the air.
 The open sea!
 FORGIVENESS.
 How beautifully foDe
 From hams I pa the blessed word forgive;
 Fotgiveness* Tis t attribute of God;
 The sound which heaven; renews again
 On earth lust E-Jeu’s faded bloom, and flings
 Hope’s halcyon hal, o’er the waste of life.
 iVies heppy he whose heart has been tto schooled
 A the metk lessons cf humanity,
 That he can give it oueaanee; it impelts
 Celet iel grand ear ft (he human tool,
 MM maheth man ssasfd
Selections.
THE SHADOW OF SLAVERY,
 Hitman slavery is Life ant! Labor ir
 the state of total eclipse. Slavery ha:
 brt n denominated “the sum of all villa*
 nies; but there it a density and opaque*
 nets about the huge iniquity, that dis
 tinguishes it from all other corporate
 depravities. When its great black,
 solid cunc gets between human life
 and the sun of freedom, which Gui
 designed should light every man thal
 came into the world, truly may it be
 said, that the beings thus eclipsed tit ir
 the region and shadow of death. Tc
 their earthly hopes, to everything thal
 is dear to this existence, to every righl
 which inheres to man, to the whole
 firmament of his expectations this side
 of eternity, slavery is a total, cold, per
 petual eclipse.—That is an awful fad
 —that, in the midst of a country boast
 ing of being the very home and throne
 of Freedom’s Sun, millions come to th«
 dark inheritance of slave-life, and lay
 it down in the grave, without ever catch
 ing one ray of that sun from behind the
 black tinabating disk of that monstrous
 luiquity w hich this nation seeks to qual
 ify with the name of “peculiar institu*
 tion.” The totality and darkness of this
 eclipse to the slave are pretty well
 recognized by those who live in the
 mid-day light of freedom; but there ii
 one quality of this overshadow ing curse
 which has not been taken into due
 estimation; a quality analagous to e
 prominent feature of a solaa eclipse.
 We mean its penumbra, or that cole
 subtile shade which it casts over life anc
 labor, beyond the territory proper o:
 slavery. We invite all the working
 men and women of Christendom tc
 consider seriously this phase of that
 great outrage upon humanity, which
 many of them have perhaps thought tc
 be perpetrated upon the African race
 alone.—Who can tell how free laboi
 j through the world has been depressed,
 j degraded, robbed of its just rank and
 reward, despised, rejected, thrown into
 i the gutter, shut up in fever, breeding
 j garrets, in consequence of that sum ol
 all villanies concentrated upon the Afri
 -1 can slave? If there be any man or
 woman in this world, whose cheek red
 j dens w ith virtuous indignation, above all
 others, at the sin of slavery, it should be
 I the great democracy of free laborers.
 To what may be ascribed the ascenden
 cy, wealth, power and perpetuity of the
 aristocracy of Europe, but the unani
 mous determination in all ages, of every
 one of its titled constituents, “to stand
 by his order;” to uphold its dignity a
 mid the wreck of revolution of all other
 human interests. The democracy of
 labor is older than all tiie “orders/
 that have been created upon earth since
 man was made. The earth and all tire
 treasures deeply hid in its heart; its
 mines of gold, silver and iron; the pre
 cious things that glitter upon the bed of
 the deep blue seas, all, all were given
 to enhance the rank and reward of
 this ancient order to shine in the diadem
 of human industry.—Then how can
 those who w’ear about them the badge of
 this God-ordained order, whose moist
 ened foreheads glitter beneath the sun
 with the tiara of their profession; whose
 red hard hands are marked with the
 signet which Adam wore in his—how
 can they so desert their order as to
 brook the existence of slavery, which
 degrades the reputation of labor through
 the world? Suppose one-sixth of all
 the Dukes, Earls, and Lords in Eng
 land were to-morrow- to be reduced to
 hod-carriers, and compelled t mount
 buildings with brick and mortar upon
 their shoulders, in sight of the world,
 with the badges of their nobility upon
 their coarse blouses, think you that the
 English aristocracy would not feel that
 their “order” was degraded by such a
 spectacle? But what would this humili
 ation be in comparison w ith the disgrace
 which our ancient and honorable order
 incurs from the existence of slavery?
 One sixth of our order in the United
 States are reduced to the deepest deg
 radation of condition to w hich human
 beings can be forced. They wear into
 the prison house of their bondage the
 common badge* of our nobility. Every
 drop of perspiration that comes to their
 foreheads, every ridge raised by hope
 less toil in their sable hands, is one of
 labor’s pearls, one of the signets of her
 nobility, trampled under the feet of
 profane conspirators against the honor,
 rights and rank of the great industrial
 democracy of the world. What the
 English aristocracy would feel in view
 of one sixth of their number reduced
 to hod-carriers, and compelled to wear
 at their work the badges of their former
 rank, we should feel, and more abund
 antly and virtously, in view of one-sixth
 of our order reduced to slaves. If we
 could come to this great sentiment of
 virtuous indignation at the outrage per
 petrated by slavery upon our brother
 hood, the products of the slave’s labor
 would crimson before our eyes with the
 reddest guilt of sin and oppression.—
 E. B. —Christian Citizen.
 INJUDICIOUS PATRONAGE.
 It is very well to encourage young
 artists and young poets, provided that
 I the encouragement be judiciously and
 (temperately rendered; but knowingly
 to raise hopes which can never be re-
 alized, ia, at the beat, wanton mockery.
 To extol beyond reason, is often, in
 j effect, to weaken the motives for im
 provement. How frequently are men
 I spoiled by a false estimation of their
 own abilities! We could point out in
 stances in the present day of personal
 refusing to work because they have been
 dubbed poets; we have known men who
 would never handle the hoe, nor wield
 the hammer, nor throw the shuttle, be
 cause they could spin rhynes; and we
 have seen the hand that could pen a
 sonnet withheld ia contempt from the
 recording ol a transaction in business.
 These individuals revile the world for
 troubles which they briug upon tbem-i
 selves; and their own drivelling con
 duct entirely hinders their advance
 ment. They are not alone to blame
 for their uniortunate position; for they
 have each in turn been injured bv adu
 lation. To versify wnb facility' is ao
 elegant accomplishment; tu try to be a
 true poet, is a noble ambition; but the
 sweetest songs, and the loftiest ttnagm
 ipgs, are not incompatible with hard
 work performed by either bands nr
 brains. As a recreation, literature adds
 t
grace Wd dignity to honest, independ
 i ent industry; and as a profession i
 I offers a career which may be success
 fully pursued by those who bare tfw
 requisite intellectual aptitude, and uo
 tiring perseverance. But to make tb«
 lore of literature a pretext for eating
 the bread of idleness is a moral wrong,
 which deserves unsparing censure.—
 I Shtjfxdd and Rotherham Independent.
 THE OUTSIDE PASSENGER
 j Some years ago, a young lady, whr
 was going into a county,
 took a seat in the stage-coach. For
 mauy miles site rode alone; but there
 was enough to amuse her in the sce
 nery through which she passed, and in
 the pleasing anticipations that occupied
 her mind. She had bceu engaged as
 governess for the grandchildren of an
 earl, and was now travelling to his seat.
 At midday the coach stopped at an inn,
 at which dinner was provided, and she
 alighted and sat down at the table. An
 elderly man followed, and sat down
 also. The young lady arose, rang the
 bell, and addressing the waiter, said,
 Here is an outside passenger. I can
 not dine with an outside passenger”—
 i The stranger bowed, saying, “I beg
 your pardon, madam; 1 can go into an
 other room,” and immediately retired.
 The coach soon afterwards resumed
 its course, and the passengers their
 places.
 At length the coach stopped at the
 gate leading to the castle to which she
 1 was going; but there was not such
 prompt attention as she expected. All
 eyes seemed directed to the outside pas
 senger,who was preparing to dismount.
 She beckoned, and was answered, “As
 soon as we have attended to his lord
 ship, we will come to you.” A few
 words of explanation ensued, and, to
 her dismay, she found that the outside
 passenger, with whom she had thought
 it beneath her to dine, was not only a
 nobleman, but that very nobleman in
 whose family she hoped to be an in
 mate. What could she do? How could
 she bear the interview? She felt really
 ill, and the apology she sent for her
 non-appearance that evening was more
 than pretence.
 The venerable Peer was a consider
 ate man, and one who knew the way in
 which the scripture often speaks of the
 going down of the sun. “We must
 not allow the night to pass thus,” said
 he to the countess; “you must send
 for her, and we must talk to her before
 bedtime.” He reasoned with the fool*
 ish girl respecting her conduct, insisted
 on the impropriety of the state of mind
 that it evinced, assured her that nothing
 could induce him to allow’ his children
 to be taught such notions, refused to
 accept any apology that did not go the
 length of acknowledging that the
 thought was wrong, and when the right
 impression appeared to be produced, l
 gave her his hand.
 THE MODEL HUSBAND*-
 He walks out with his w r ife on a
 week-day, and is not afraid of a mil
 liner’s shop. He even has change”
 when asked for it, and never alludes to
 it afterwards. He is not above carry
 ing a large brown paper parcel, or a
 cotton umbrella, or the clogs, or even
 holding the baby in his lap in the omni-l
 bus. He runs on first, to knock at the
 door, when it is raining. He goes out
 side if the cab is full. He goes to bed
 first in cold weather. He will get up
 in the middle of the night to rock the
 cradle, or answer the door-bell. He
 allows the mother-in-law to stop in the
 house. He takes wine with her, andj
 lets her breakfast in her own room.—
 He eats cold meat without a murmur,
 and pickles, and is indifferent about
 pies and pudding. The cheese is never!
 too strong, or the beer too small, orthe
 tea too weak for him. He believes in
 hysterics, and is melted instantly with
 a tear. He patches up a quarrel with
 a velvet gown, and drives away the
 sulks with a trip to Epsom, or a gig in
 the Park on Sunday. He goes to
 church regularly, and takes his wife to
 the opera once a year. He pays for
 her losses at cards, and gives her all
 his winnings. He never flies out about
 his buttons, or brings home friends to
 supper. His clothes never smell of
 tobacco. He respects the curtains,and
 never smokes in the house. He carves,
 but never secretes for himself the
 brown.” He respects the fiction of his
 wife’s age, and would as soon burn his
 fingers as touch the bright poker. He
 never invades the kitchen, and would
 no more think of blowing up any of the
 servants than of ordering the dinner, or
 having the tray brought up after eleven.
 He is innocent of a latch-key.
 He lets the family go out of town i
 once every year, whilst he remains at
 home with one knife and fork, sits on a
 brown Holland chair, sleeps on a cur
 tainless bed, and has a chairwoman to
 wait on him. He goes down on the;
 Saturday, and comes up on the Mon
 day, taking with him the clean linen,
 and bringing back the dirty clothes.—
 He checks the washing bills. He pays
 the housekeeping money without a sus
 picion, and shuts his eye to the “sun
 dries.” He is very easy and affection-1
 ate, keeping the wedding anniversary
 punctually; never complaining if the 1
 dinner is not ready; making the break-' 1
 fast himself if no one is down; letting 1
 his wife waltz, and drink porter before
 company. He runs on all her errands, j 1
 pays all her bills, and cries like a child j!
 at her death.— Punch.

 THE SLATE MART AT NEW OR. 1
 LEANS.
 ST GEATHO mania.
 So •paka (In GmoA and itk aaeaantr*
 The tyrant"i pies, excua«d Us drriiiafa dasda," 1
 The hundred slaves were huddled to-
 gethcr near the auctioneer’s platform,
 where on# by one they were success- 1
 ively to pass under the hammer. The 1
 men sat in stoical silence. The wo- I
 men, especially such as were mother*,
 gazed in anxious grief upon their little 4
 ones, as they playfully grouped them- J
 selves uj&gt;on the floor at their feet. The
 children that but a short time since had 1
 been pressed to the mother’s bosom,
 with all the earnest yearniogs, that
 none but a mother’s heart can ieel.j
 were to be sold and separated away to
 cauel servitude, never more to know
 the endearment* of maternal love. All 1
 the tire of con*ang amity mod friend
 ibio were bore to be severed for tile, e
 wri the miieraWe objects to hi sent e
from the place there all their happy
 associations had clustered, away to the
 ferer and ague swamps of Miss., or to
 the barbatoas cotton fields of upper
 Texas. And such an outrage upon
 humanity was to be perpetrated in open
 day-light, in a Christian city, and wit
 nessed—yes sanctioned by hundreds of
 witnesses. One could hardly realize
 the atrocioua fact. Here, in the freest
 coaotry on earth, and in the nineteenth
 century, was a scene transpiring that
 would bare disgraced the times of Nero
 or Caligula. It is no dream of fiction,
 it is too real. And yet no arenging
 band is put forth to stay the outrage.
 The work goes on.
 The two next victims are a noble
 middle aged man sod his wife, who cal
 led herselT twenty-two. They were
 not to be sold to-gether —for they would
 not bring so much money as if sold
 separate, and moreover it seems the
 design of every one who has anything
 to do with slaves, to discourage and
 deaden all the domestic lores to w hich
 human nature is addicted. The young
 wi'e was first questioned in this manner,
 that she might perchance recommend
 herself:—
 How old are you
 “Twenty-two.”
 How long have you been married?”
 Three years.”
 How many children have you
 None.”
 And as she made the last reply in a
 saddened tone, the tears started from
 her eyes, and she turned beseechingly
 to her husband for protection. Upon
 this the questioner, too, turns feroci
 ously towards him—
 You villain )ou —have you lived
 three years with this wench without
 having any children
 Now the true man was seen, although
 bound in fetters, and trampled in the
 dust. With form erect and folded
 arms, and with a dignity that might
 have lent lustre to Othello himself,
 he calmly replies—
 We have had one, but God took
 him.”
 The fact that the woman had been
 the mother of but one child, and that
 dead, was the reason for the low price
 of two hundred dollars for which she
 was knocked down. She was purchas
 ed by a Red River planter, to be
 turned out into the fields to hoe and
 pick cotton. The husband was after
 ward soM for seven hundred and fifty
 dollars, to be sent into the swamps of
 Tennessee as a wood chopper. The
 two were separated never more to meet
 in this world. It is expected that hus
 bands and wives thus separated will
 form new connections, rear up new
 families, and perhaps be again sold and
 divided asunder. Thus are the holiest
 of the institutions of Heaven rendered
 void by the management of men andj
 thus are poor ignorant slaves made to
 commit the sins that are denounced by
 all moral and civil law, and by the di
 rect commands of God.
 The last spectacle was as much as
 we could bear. We thought of our
 own deep domestic loves—then three
 thousand miles away. The love and
 the sympathy of the wife so entwined
 into our own soul, that no fate in time
 or eternity could separate the two whose,
 separate existences had become onej
 life. The clinging fondness of the
 little ones, who will not be content with,
 a separate existence, but insist upon
 being a part of the parent still. We
 left the scene, but the anguish of that
 separuteed pair followed us—it has not
 ceased to follow us since. There was
 the memory of their little log house in
 the skirt of cotton wood upon the river
 side there was the place of their early
 love, as they had pcen reared up to
 gether on their wealthy owner’s plan
 tation from thence had they entered
 the precincts of the church, and before
 God, and in the holy forms of the
 Episcopacy, had they promised to take
 each other “for better for worse, lor
 richer for poorer, in sickness in health,
 to love and to cherish, till death should
 part them, according to God’s holy
 ordinance.” There was born to them
 their little boy, who had gladdened
 their hearts—and then died: and there,
 hard by, was his little grave, over
 which they bad wept together, and
 would only be comforted in believing
 that God had taken him. In that last
 long lingering look was crowded the
 gathering reminiscences of all the hap
 piness they had known in life.
 In closing this sketch allow me to
 say, that we have seen slavery in eve
 ry form. We have conversed with
 slaves, slave owners, slave speculators
 —and those who would have nothing to
 do with slaves. We have looked at it
 politically, morally, and religiously—
 and may hereafter give our views from
 each point of observation. We can
 only say now that it is difficult to com
 prehend the enormity of the evil—and
 that in the work of emancipation is
 required much care and consideration.!
 If possible, the philanthropists of both
 North and South—of the whole country
 and the whole civilized world, should
 work harmoniously together, that the
 time may be hastened when slavery
 shall be no more.— [Chronotype.
 A Gentlemas.—Did you ever see a
 gentleman? W’e have seen two or
 three in our day, but real gentleman
 are exceedingly rare. A gentleman is
 one who treats everybody with res
 pect, whether he be black or white, low
 or high, poor or rich. He does not
 bow to wealth, scrape his knees to hon
 or, nor hold bis tongue when he sees
 wickedness in high places. You always
 receive from him a civil answer to your
 inquiry, and he kindly imparts to* you
 any information in bis power. He will
 not say a word to injure your feelings,
 or allude to a subject to pain your
 heart. Whatever may b« done, he!
 will not manifest angry feelings, or use
 unbecoming language. He uses no
 profane or indecent words smokes no
 cigars in your presence not spits tobac
 co juice on your floors. He is the
 •tow kind, accommodating individual
 from one week's end to another.—Ex
 change.
 Elder Knapp has been aiscouraing at
 Chicago on The Personal Character
 awd Dwelling-place of the Devil.** The
 Elder doubtless knows what be is talk
 ing about f
 Sait and walsr applied to the wrick*
 of oil lamps, or candles, adds tea par
 cant to rim bri!Haney of their light
-Vbofrtigtmctits.
FIRST OF AUGUST, THE
 BIRTHDIY or m.m IRKE3IEII.
 mOR SOCIETY FAIR.
 JHE I'MON ASSOCIATION will hsiki a Fair
 MINERVA HALL,
 Ob Tuesday. August Ist. The pnMie an rrepert*
 fatly iavttud to aOead.
 E. W. WALKER, Prw.
 HART GIBBS. Vico Pm.
 Door* open at 10 o’clock, ia dir amrniug.
HOLD YOCR HORSES
 WAYERLY LITERY STABLE.
 state street.
 TtlY, subscribers having rerently entered into Co-
 A partnership in the Liverv business, at the well
 and favorably known mad of W. H. Sprague;
 wooki state withail due deference and reaped to the cit
 iuna of Rochester generally, and the riding commu
 nity in partioikr, that in order to meet the mairv
 mrdtifariorw demands of oar friends and patmos, we
 hare greatly and materially enlarged our Establish
 ment. Our incomparable and anequnled ftwd of
 Horses, hare nU been selected with care ami judg
 ment, w ith an eye to the wants of those who are in
 the hahit of patronising establishments of this kind.
 We are constantly increasing our stuck of Buggy*,
 Sulky*, Carriages, foe., which for elegance, com
 fort, and conrenience cannot be excel led m Western
 New York. We think our Summer Arrangements
 approach as near perfection a* possible,and in order
 to pres.* home this truth more forcibly, wne hereby
 fling down the gauntlet and defy competition.
 SHERWOOD it hlsbrook.
FrR A\D SILK HATS.
 FAHRIKGTfrN PRICE, manufacturer ahd
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Ladies’ Furs ant! Trimmings, Buffalo Rohes
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, Ac.,
 &amp;r. See., No. 2,9 t. Paul Street, Minenra Block.
 JJ- A usual supply of Buckskin Glares and
 Mittens.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LE ATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed ari angrments by which they are enabled
 to ofler the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manutaeture of Boots and Shoes,
 to cotne to this market for a supqiy.
 They are also offering on the most fa notable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will find it
 greatlv to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The JV orih Rrxt
 ish Review, The fVeatminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in u beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood an&lt;l the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the “Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originallv edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 lianna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary chuiactcr is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, 5'3 00 per annum.
 For any tuo do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For nil four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Black wood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all tlic above works will be
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub- j
 scription for dace —the fourth copy being gratis. j
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement w ith die British publishers c&gt;f
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers let ire any j
 J ration' of it can be reprinted in any of the Amei ican I
 oui nals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that J
 we may be compelled to raise the price of die Maga-!
 zinc. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to die publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAI
 CURE.
 BY LY3ANDER SPOONEB.
 I __
 The Albany Patriot calls it—“ A neat pamphlet ol
 108 pages—a very remarkable production.”
 “Whether all the "anticipations of Mr. Sqoonet
 would be realised l&gt;y the full adoption of his theory:
 we do not lie re stop to enquire; out we heartily com
 mend his endeavor to the notice of all who love a
 transparent foicible diction—intrepid independence
 original thought—and entire freeilom from the cant
 of sect orpaity. As a judicial writer, lie has a depth,
 a compass, far beyord any one whose pioductjoni
 have met our eve in a longtime.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine says—“ It abounds
 in bold and original thoughts. The illegal causes of
 poverty are stated, and a lunnher of important propo
 sit inns bearing on die subject laid down; and, on the
 l whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it docs many valuable hints to the states
 -1 mart and political economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette says—“ An able ami certain
 ly original work, from the pen of Lvsander Spooner,
 Esq.—author of diat powerful hook which demon*
 1 strates the unconstitutionality of American Slavery,
 j There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,’ 'Jhij new work is des
 tined u&gt; lead to a re examination of ail former sys
 tems of political economy.” At first blush his eco.
 Domical propositions strike ns as sustainable—end if
 Ithey are so, his work will ptevaiJ, and produce an
 important revolution in the piesent prevailing ays
 teir.
 Everv ore should read it.”
 BELA MAKSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
 T~ HEGIRARD LIKE INSURV.NCE, A.N
 NCITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phda
 deiphia. Chaneied in 1836—Chaiier Perpetual;—
 I Capital, (300,000—Benjamin to. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of uie par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 murcst.
 The Company add a boons at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of January
 last, an addition waa mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837; par cent, on policies
 ■a***! m 1338* and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 '1 he chief object of aa insurance for Lie is to pro
 vide a ram of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 erwhtoe*; and it sill he seen on examination of the
 labia of rates of the hie insurance, which will he
 formatted by the subscriber to all who may fed aa
 iMerest in the subject, that by paving a small sqm to
 tha ofoce every year daring hi* life, a peraoo may te«
 core to his family a vary considerable at his
 decease.
 Wherever tha system of Life lasmann is properly
 understood, extensively adopted, and its giant
 advantages la ail, hut aura especially to those who
 depsml on their own exertions for the support of their
 fomihes, or who may be deeiriow to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 ehildrep, at their dacaaae, which they might la oth
 erwim arable to raeomphah, that the opus soon eftlw
 system needs Ira to be exphsiaad to Irani i tha sari,
 era rrateirlrratiuu ofdte pdbhc.
 la several msttneas it has Inimnasd that tha aam
 iararad faw died shortly after ral/oZ
 f mo •""•■•■ante of the premium, whenlda {amity
 have raeatved from dda dks tha ii amora for

 Sr 2 555
 WILLIAM BAMEWELL,
 Bakeware Law Bmfofop.
 Otmt —rag, firaAmgh.
j pOST AND WILLIS. Dealer, m Drugs, Mcdi
 I rines. Chess K-ah, Dye Stuffs, Paints. Varnish,
 j Oils, Glassware, Brashes, Periumery, Dsfurrrsutypi
 Stock, French and German CWatru, Artists’
 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, EcheriaJ 08, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, for. ke.
 Bent* A rest* for a»wt of the celebrated Family
 and nmMr Patent Medicines, and reeetvinf the
 same directh from the Manufacturer* or their Agents,
 thev are enabled to simply all orders at wholesale
 ant! retail, on the most favorable terms.
 Hcmrorathie Books. Medicines, and Family
 Cases, win Ml dasttius. Only a*eats for W«u*
 era New York.
 Alan. Sherwood'a Vibratory Magnetic Mach mss,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial Oil and Lamps, for
 burning the same. Thuse who would consort eco
 nomy awl convenience are invited to examine these
 Ijtmps. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians. Families, ami others, wishing roods in the
 above bar, is reqwrsSnl at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 OWEN MORRIS' CITY BINDERY
 FWDKR TRt UFSRC.W Lite FISHER HORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the etnpkiy of Mr. Marcus
 Morse fur seven years, and during that time
 procured for him three Silver Me»!al.«, for the best
 Kunens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 irs’ Fairs held in this rity and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used,
 to render them equal to tbe best in the United States
 or those imparted.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, ke., may be
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to tile above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upon their being well bound
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. TW proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up the establishment, and introducing into
 Western Now York the latest improvements ia
 Book Binding)
 OWEN MORRIS,
 (?ity Bindery, under the Mu&amp;oih.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 TTJ'E are Agents for the Bid’alo Paper Mills,
 Vr where Paper of die best quality is made from
 pebe spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in laige or small lots.
 Any size and quulity of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and otheis' vrirf do cfpit to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Pul list ers.
BOSTON ADI ERTISE.HESTS*
CLARKSON,
 LONDON*EI&gt;ITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on die subsequent
 abolition of Slavery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of tire Author, done on steel, —a
 book which could not he imported for less than three
 dollars, can be had at 21, Cornbill, if applied for
 immediately,at die very low price ol'Osr. Dollar,
 cash. Also, EULOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alexander Crummell, at the reduced price of
 twelve and a half cents.
ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney ami Coun
 sellor at Law, Brazor’s Building, State Street.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 10, Brattle Street, having
 made lecent additions to his stock, is prepared to
 furnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 and fit, and at as cheap pi ices, as can be obtained in
 the city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56, Union Street, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing.
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Y\ atchc*, Boots and Shoes, &amp;c., exchanged for new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods,
 from one to one hundred dollars.
JOHN D. RE\ ALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-st.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Cornlnll—namely,
 The Lilieity Bell lor 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2.1 Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, bound,
 37£ cts; in paper covers, 25 cts.
 .Mr. Shackford’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 12£ cts.
 Position and Duties of tlie North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody.’ 5 cts.
 Six Months at Graelenberg. By Henry C. Wright.
 SHOO.
 Dick Crowningshield, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cts. single; 25
 cts. per dozen.
THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street,
 sign of the Gokien Ball. New and Second
 hand Clothing Store.
ISAAC H. SNOWDEN, Book, Newspaper, and
 Fancy Job Printer, IJ, Water Street.
 {*s- All orders promptly attended to, and neatly
 executed.
The (Juaricrly Review,
 COMMENCED on die first of December, 1847,
 to tie continued on the l»t of March. June, and
 and September. It will he devoted to the interest
 of no party or ciaes, but its conductors will endea
 vor to present an open and fair field for tlie notice
 and discussion of matters pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, and llumanitv.
 The Review will be conducted l»y R. Emer
 son, Theodore Parker, and J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number will contain about 125 cases, at the
 price of £3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subcci iplums, foe. ,hould be
 addressed u&gt; the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Boston.
XEU YORK hlt\ ERTI-iE.RL.YTS.
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW* GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 I Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 Nfov styles of Ft iota of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine aad wide Paper Muslins. A iso Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Gingham*, various qualm--• and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lame, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good aad price low. Canton fiamele,
 white aad colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron aad Furniture Chech. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Codon Twilled Pantaloon Stull*. Also Lima
 Drilling, foe,
 kmg aad half Hose, fiae and heavy,
 Katutne Ct Atoo, variutw Nos., Wenched, brown,and
 oo lured.
 Waddinz, white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 H*fined Loaf, Crashed, aad Pulverized ttugxr.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stuck exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to attach tha Subscriber would invite the attertum
 of country merchants, as well as his frteads sad the
 public generally.
 Much peias u takea by the Managers of the Free
 Prodece Assoc ml toe, to mal the Stdecrthcr to an
 forge the aeeusuaeat from time to time.
 GEORGE to. TAYLOR.
 Northwest corner F rfth aad C berry -eu.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 JUST PUBLISHED, aad for sale at the Jkt* of
 of dm Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Lrgiea of Liberty, aad Force of Truth, 10th
 oddina.
 This work cootams about 230 pages ef does
 trading; 900 eminent authorities, sad nheat srate
 •Uastrative engravings. Price «7| ete. hi masha,
 aad IS ceats in paper cover*. A *my bharal fa
 a** to these wiTpmehme s number U eopms.
 r fl
 UoJT*. 7ik,
 Wnrwr tf ihraj. By Than dam Nther!~
 W Brawn’s Lnetnre befora fog Femnfo 4. 8.
 pa teiiiMH i Uf* mm* Ww tQ»#^mpu
PHILIP a. WHITE. Druggist, comer of Fra*,
 fort am) GsU Street.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Smfor’s Hoorn. 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. M’tT.NE SMITH, W, W**t Brood
 way.
T JENNINGS, Surge.l Bk, Nerth
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot tad Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Craafaer&gt; Street, Brooklyn.
 pairing neatly executed at the ilartK
 aotie* aad on the arw reasonable tertm.
'yC’M. H. TOPP, Merrhant Tarlor, 646 Broad
 f wuv. Also an extensive assortment of Cravat*,
 Stocks. Ilosiry, Gk&gt;vr*, foe.
 Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HKHUATE, would renwetfoNy i*»
 Lkum his friends and the public. (Urflw contiaue*
 to devote every attention to those pkasrd to furor
 his hosne” with a rail. The house ia pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. IS, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing aad Bathing
 v r Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in FashtonaUs
 Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Struct, ,N«w
 Bedford.
 U B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attontioß
 paid to custom.made work, by Messrs. Parker aad
 Davis
WASHINGTON’S Dagucrrian Gallery, 136,
 Main Street, Kellogg’* Uaikiinti, Hanford,
 Connecticut.
NORTIiAmONJYATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are ics|ectfu!ly infoi met! that sine*
 the philosophical deductions of the learr.ed Dr.
 i Means, of Eaiorv Cillrge, Ga., and the* scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably rHablithed the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undcisignrd arrived ly
 &lt;b« of touch, in 1844, ate in liarim ny with
 natural and f hysioloriral k,t- to wit, that the
 j human hody, a lieelthy condition, is in a penhtt
 rlttfncal ttate, and that* the electrical emanations
 from the CBtirnljr suifare, im.it ate bealth, or tbe
 rymptt ms aad thararttr cf ciseaet —rl tie is acn e
 I tea eon to In pe, that eerfaiil rhyerrians, ignorant of
 these principles or naluiaj laws, a knowledge of
 which is essential to tl»e safe and intclligcr.t j rartire
 [of the healing art, will reare tl.eir vo« iteration*
 against the fositivf fi.ectrical state of the
 kn man body, and will hesitate to dissiadc tht se
 w ho;* they fnrri- failed to rrliere of their rom|.laints,
 from set king nature’s remedy at the Northamf'
 ton at&gt; r Cure. Thus sustained ly tlte light
 of srienre, the imderrigned may he peimitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all rases where the
 wrist, stomach, dr lungs, ate in tire electro-negative
 condition, the patient is 1-eyond the power ol water
 to afford relief.. On the other hand, when tfo p aits
 rtf the hotly alluded to, aie in the eleetro-|'oaitive
 state, hi.w'ever disarranged, there is gtotind to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results cf past years’ practic*
 air rally convinced the pul lie of the safety or tmth
 fulness ol the ptrioeiples by which the undersigned is
 governed, in deter tingMlie svnt| toms and character
 i disease, and ptactibing the euie, the recent scien
 tific demonstiation ot their oonectnese, b\ l J ri fessor
 Means and Mr. llenimer, could not tail to convince
 1 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic I racti
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, the umlci signed will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the rase of every invalid «|,o may
 afford him an opportunity to tfn’cr a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of p ractice.
 Ihe Nortnamp-ton Wafer Cure is pleasantly eitu
 nted near Bensonville, on the west l ank of Licking
 1 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 i from tlie centre of the toryn. It is conveniently
 j arranged, with separate pallors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 afed and conveniently fumished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, whirh. fur
 puiitv 9 dihJ ailafirdnfjs to BHttr&lt;urt
 niiifHises, is unsurpassed by that of any other esfa
 i Wisbmeiit in this country. The scenery in thi*
 vicinity is picturesque and romantic. There are a
 variety of pileasant walks, sufiicicntly retired, to
 a low water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly drissed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to fid.lie gaze or otiffiTation*
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary aflection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inllammation nl the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general dtbilitv, nervous and spinal
 i affections, inflammatory and chionic rheumatism,
 I neuralgia, sciatica. lame limbs, pxiralysis, (evers, salt
 I rheum, scroiulous and erysqielax lurmors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 •inen and tliiee cott.»n sfocts, two pilfow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or lunatic, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 _ Terms for treatment and hoard are f 5 60 to
 8 50 per tveek, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who Irom choice or the character cf his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay S*B 00 per week—on the first and second
 floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 iug purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. isitora to tbe Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 Kiver Railroad hi Springfield, Carriages will
 always lie in readiness at the Northampton depot, te
 convey them hither.
 human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dit ion of tlie human syrtem, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by tbe atiivily of tho
 getieratiiig sources within—an excess jfnfralii pas*
 mg off in silence from the ruticukir surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mi. Ilemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered shin,” 522 indicated
 the presence of positive efoetricitv. This sn.plosage
 of tlw fluid upon tlie surface, we believe to be u«:»s
 pcnsable to the healthful comlit on of the whole
 animal economy, and tJiat wlien, frmn any caoee, i*
 ee diminished or ceases, diM uscd artu.ii ensues."
 GMaddws,deliveic.i before the Medical College of
 a at tl« opening of annual session, Nor.
 8, 1847, by A. Mean#, A.M., M.M., I ioJes«i&gt;r of
 Cliemistry and !'!.»ipaey,a»l of I hyskai
 Science in Emoiv College, G* pag, 25.
ATHOL RATER CfRL\
 T ,J S brr lef to &gt;mu(ion
 JL of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 MbZyht**** tQ U fc dr&lt; 'P** fc establishment m
 His boas* was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed often excellent tecill
 *P“i k&gt;ao(. bic and Ror.ugli cense in hydro-
 P«lhy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 b T./, rv r d tn water on m
 distilled Jbe ’oration is q»u« eligible, being Ira
 a shoit dittanre frim fl.e V. &amp;N. iniln ad. The
 vicinity abounds in a vaiinty of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Ho ibaa
 with the water, toiiahle regimen, mountain air, and
 rxern*e, patient* can scat rely tail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they'labor.
 The following care i)lu«tia!r# this remaik Mr*
 8., wife of Den. 8., of Warwick, Ms**. M ed
 about thirty-five years, was brorabt to me teat
 August. Her caos presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed m as erect position, and (eft m,.
 W&gt;rP !T d, .J h f backward to ,he
 ground. If being well supported. she
 t£S.
 tZ &amp;*td“ I*
 h lt .til'll r~ ..b
 domestic Ante j !*'»ttends to her
 ji
 half iT*dew* Mkxheta, one pair of sheets,
 t»«h old linen tor
 fr ton dollars per week, nreoed-
 Tteiau rZ, efct, fo* nf the patients
 n*Tm re PWtKufor m the select** ff
 GEORGE HOYT.
THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST.
 A w »fo« «to» wiß be published fo
 g- WOtofoglra. by An Dafownrn Anu-Sfeverv
 R wIU a Cosnrn it lie. and niß
 0* pvAßsltedona hnlf medium sheet, at twenty-five
 •tofopa yrar, ar for twraty firrxteAars. It
 fo aamacipetion fo Defowawfoand viR ad
 towMa its aceomcbshment byaßlawAJ means h
 «fll ha pnUished mafoeanamfy, if amara mm
 fofßad, at aa often aa Aa wyw ran be sfitsfoafi
 raofeaLlt?! a
"
