"hopclew and disconsolate race. In God’*
 holy name, I breeech, them to future, stay
 this most unwi»e procedure. Nut only doe*
 it engender ignorance and superetUon, but
 must deleterious are its effect* upon that
 whole church, by driving from it all the intel
 ligent and best of our people, as the Confer
 ence now may be assured that those who are
 intelligent will not, at this age of progress,
 submit to ignorance and superstition and if
 the Methodist Church encourage and foster
 suck curses as th we, however Methodically
 inclined the people may be, they will go else
 where, as they should do, rather than submit
 to such debasement—the legitimate child and
 receut offspring of slavery.
 There are some excellent families and
 much intelligence here, w hich requires con
 centration afld encouragement to bring it to
 useful maturity. There are two Saboath
 schools here, in which, 1 am sorry to tay,
 there are but two &lt;»r three colorerd teacher*
 engaged but, as usual, depending upon our
 white fcl'ow-ciuz os. b iff”-G .ui the name
 of self-respect—will ever wc rise above this
 miserable life of depending upon oth ;is tod&lt;*
 for ns (hat which we should do for ourselves 1
 I would ih it we could be inspired with a proper,
 sens; of duty in this respect.
 Oar friends and brethren, Henry Bibb, the,
 eloquent anti-slavery lecturer, and Lewis
 Hayden *i»d wile, fir whom Delia Webster:
 was falsolv aceus;d, and Rev. Mr Fairbanks,
 imprisoned, for staling,” self-made f-ee-j
 men, reside heic. Mr- 13ihb s most excellent,
 wife, is quite an acquisition to society.
 Hayden and wife, after the extraordinary
 sition and opinion of Judge MoL'*an in the
 late slave case, as well they might, became
 alarmed and left for Boston.
 Detroit is advantageously located sixteen
 miles above its junction with Lake Erie, and
 two miles below Like St. Clair, on the De-j
 troit, a large and beautiful riverj and mariners
 say, having the best harbor on this continent,
 as during the greatest storms and hurricanes, j
 hundreds of vessels may lie with the utmost
 safety.
 Frequently has it been a subject of inquiry,
 which, until now, I have been unable to an
 swer, why. with all us manifold advantages.:
 the progress in growth of this beautiful, pio-!
 outing little city, compared with all others, is
 so slow.
 In a great district of country, including De
 troit, which was originally a French settle
 ment, the lands were laid o.f into fauns, two
 acres wide. T.iis arrangement was estab-
 halted for the purpose of giving each family of i
 settlers equal fishing privileges m the Detroit
 Since then, the city has been built, but the
 original owners, instead of selling out into
 building lots, hold those farms, leasing the'
 lots for a term of years, or themselves build
 ing on an avenue or street, the length of a
 square, which is two acres .vide, four or five
 houses, with great waste spaces round about!
 them, where there should he dozens of fine!
 business places. Hence, it is only when the
 demise of one of these old landholders occurs. i
 that building lots can be at ail purchased, by I
 which the growth of the city has progress 'd
 at a slow rate. But for this, Detroit must be
 second to no city bordering on the lakes.—
 The trade on tlie*; lakes and rivers k; im
 mense, and timi city, but for the selfishness of j
 the old landholder?. must have become a me
 tropolis. At the death of an old set'jer, 01
 landholder, it is said, there is always great
 rejoicing—their own children not ucfrcquentlv
 numbering with the joyful. Though cruel it
 may seem, tinder such circumstances they arc
 almost justifiable.
 There are, notwitstariding, many important
 and valuable public improvements and works
 creetpd. The Hydraulic, or city "Water
 \V oiks, for the supply of water to the inhabi
 tants, is among the most useful in the place.
 Since the transfer, by the State, of the Rail
 road to the Boston or Massachusetts Company,
 great impulse has thereby been given to busi
 ness in all parts of Michigan. I believe there
 is not an hour in the day, (Sundays excepted.)
 that there is not one or more train of cars
 arriving or departing. Grain and produce of;
 every dee-rip?ion is conveyed to all parts of
 tbs beautiful, level, fur&amp;Je State, with swal
 low-like Velocity, borne upon jhe frt.glit
 trains; so that the most distant farmer in the
 State has the satisfaction of kuow; ;e thsi,
 within five or six hour* from the lime of step
 r 1
 fitng, his coauwodiiiets safely arrive in the
 cash depositories of the metropolis of his own
 State.
 The Boston Company is quite a monopolist, j
 and for the batter purpose of securing the
 trade of the State, have erected an immense I
 depository and commission ware-house, 1200
 feel long by 100 wide, said to be the
 largest in the United States, or equal ti
 twenty-four of the largest warehouses m De
 troit. Ihe* depot proper, where the jiassenger
 trains arrive, stands beside this great deposi-;
 tory. Subjacent to these buildings, arc the
 engine-works and machine-shops, for nia.r&lt;u- i
 facturing and repairing locomotives, adjoining
 which is erected a depository for the locomo-
 tives. Bemg citcular in form, one hundred
 •feet in diameter and the same in altitude,
 when going up the river, approaching the
 .city, the appearance is novel and attracting.
 In my last, I should have obsevred, con- i
 ■cermng the slave-catcher Troutman, Att’v at
 law, and agent for Fiawys Gdtner, of Carroll
 ■county, Ky., that for good moral character
 his counsel, in his boisterous plea, i
 that h cam; clothed and biek ;d by recom
 mendations f ro;u \j Senator Davis, Sen- i
 ator Jesse Bright, of Indiana, and llenry j
 Clay, of Kentucky.
 \ou ecn readily perceive the anxiety of this
 *rcb aJave-munj.-r uj rid Kentucky of the
 Curse of slavery, w lon us every act an&lt;J
 Wp 10 this time, the last of his life, has been 1
 directed to the promotion and increase of sla
 very in the state. There is doubt mmy
 mmd but this young aJave-ea c4,er was prompt-
 ed and encouraged to return to the North, in
 the pursuit of maustealmp, bv the knavish 1
 old one. Who craftily lurked at home, watch-
 ing among the pegro quarters*’ at Ashland.
 Can there be anything great about a being]
 bite thin? a miserable old min, ge &lt;l for his
 schema* of human depravity, and veteran for
 bis pre-era uience in onoinbutuig to the suffer-
 4ngrs of outraged bunwnity. Let idle decls- i
 Station My. and false pamottara contribute as 1
 it may, I cannot and will not admit true great-1
 Acaa to be in any manner the characteristic of
 a person such at the above.
 The Judge, as in my fonoer I should have
 stated.also took thispoelion,as extraordinary:
 *f i* overbearing and despotic, that an at- i
fempf—throwing one's self between the fugi
 v tive and sUve-catcber —raising the band, oi
 even spe king to the claimant, »sk neeeaea
 ,tj ry to the hinderanee and obstruction in thr
 n eve of the Her; bat the bar* press not of one,
 I- even after the escape, smiling approbation, if
 criminal. Ilevce, Prstt, th; counsel for plain
 e tiff, oo.itcaded that Planter Mm, one r»f the
 ij colored defendants, «&lt;u accessary to the es
 f cape of the slaves, because hr laughed f
 r I came by Ooerltn, where I found many
 y excellent spints and good people. I did not
 find a* many young colored men and women
 t at this Institute as I could have wished.—
 1 There sre but three young men in College,
 and I believe two young women, oue of w hom
 is fonc |«'f the Amistad captives, preparing in
 act as a missionary in her own dear native
 land, among her benighted brethren. May
 success attend her every effort! I had some
 conversation with her. She was one of the
 three kul 5 girls whom Cinque took to his
 arm?* mde.nbrtc d w h* n s-izsd by the“brave”
 i j and .'\er-l be rer. •_ i. d, Lieut. Meades, of
 »i the li. S. .Squad- T:mse m College are
 i sud to be quit’* pro-. ng. There areanum
 ber in preparatory schools.
 I was most agreeably disappointed in the
 arrangement of thing* at Oberiin Institute.—
 Instead of that distant coldness with which
 the Professors are said to treat the students,
 the contrary is the fact—kindness and friend
 ship b;in,r ih-* traits mist pro.nineut—
 and in rainy msua;;* th 3 trust famil
 iar sociability existing among them. One
 thing I discovered —the students lore the Pro
 fessors aud I desire no greater evidence of
 the character of the Institute. I visited sev
 eral of the Professors’ families, aud found
 them all that could be desired.
 I also visited several of the recitations,
 and instead of confused aw k war J ness, as is
 usually the case among students, 1 found
 them ready and cheerful, full of life, with
 kind and smiling professors and tutors. I
 greatly admire the regulation and manage
 ment of Oberiin Institute.
 Several colored families reside here, some
 of whom appear to be well doing. One man!
 is a blacksmith, doing good business. I met;
 here Mr. R. Cushman, Missionary, recently
 from Haiti, from whom 1 received much val-:
 liable information. He married a young lady j
 who just finished her education here, and in
 tends returning immediately. Mr. C. has
 seen our correspondent there, aud also Mr.i
 ."Spencer, whom, he informs me. was more
 alarmed than there was cause for. Hereafter,
 I shall have much to say about Haiii, as well
 as Oberiin.
 Cleveland is a handsome and pleasant place,
 as you know but not yet having seen the
 1 people, I cannot say much about them. List
 night there was an anti-slavery address. To
 night, Mr. Fitzgerald fluids an emigration
 meeting among his colored brethren. I shall
 I be there and to-morrow leave for Rochester.!
 Yours for Cod and humanity,
 M R. D.
 The French II public and Europe."’
 What is to become of it? Will it stand,
 or iruat it fall, aud the last state of the
 French people be worse than the first Not
 withstanding the Republic has triumphed over
 the armed insurrectionists, and that order has
 been restored i*i the taitue of law and repub-'
 licanbiia, tlic-ec quet-lioi.s continue to evolve iu
 lfie minds of tln.se who take an intelligent'
 interest in the affairs of France. There are
 many develoneuients of character and eottdi-

 tion to he found in the events which have!
 transpired there within a lew weeks, that ex-j
 cite our most serious apprehensions. The!
 sudden withdrawal of confidence from M. DeJ
 Lamartine, the philanthropist, author, states
 man, and civilian, and the read met** with!
 which that confidence has been repneed in*
 the hands of a mii!tarv chief, whose acts are
 to he HiijofoJ 1 sword, rather than,
 i lho*. k.fty an J 1( als to the under-!
 standing and he. ’y v .ii Lamartine sup
 ported his mens..its. t..us us to fear that alii
 faith iu the gr.ai principles of justice and hu
 man fivedmn, may be for a time destroyed
 that the table of stone may be broken, and
 the calf of absolutism, under the name of a
 Republic, be sjt up in its «ead. The gener-l
 als now in command, like our own Taylors
 xnd Scotia, have long been waging a war
 upon a Southern people, and no doubt that,
 much of tliecr popularity has resulted from
 their triumpke aver Abdel Kader, as Taylor's
 popularity remits from his victories ovfcr Santa
 j Anna. We are among those who regard
 military rule as a scourge, but little to be pre
 ferred to downright anaicby. France has,
 now four generals Cavaignac, Bedeau,
 Chauganier, Lamoriciere—at the head of her
 government. How long these generals w ill
 be induced to stand by republican principles,
 is a serious question. To our mind, a mili
 tary chieftain is necessarily far removed from
 republican principles, and we should rot be'
 surprised to *c;e France again under a mon
 archy, through the direct agency of these very]
 generals. We now look for a more steady!
 blaze of freedom, however, in Germany than
 we find in Francs. The latter.inflammable as
 she is, was suited to light the fire of iepubh-;
 can ism in Europe the former must keep that
 fire burning. It was said some time since,by
 an orator in Frankfort, that the political ten
 dencies of German v arc republican, in spite
 of her monarchical forms, and that the ten
 dency of f ranee is to monarchy, in spite of
 her twice-proclaimed republic. This may be
 an over statement of the case but certain it
 id that the present aspect of Europe seems to
 justify the statement.
 Gen. Taylor’s Letter of Acceptance.
 The follow ing copy of Gen. Taylor’s letter
 is from the Telegraph u the Advertiser of
 Tuesday raoromp. A Whig neighbor says.
 “It u evidently incorrectly repHirtcd.” The
 same writer also sUewbere says;
 The letter is straightforward, candid and
 honest. It will disappoint only those who
 desired to see in it some committal on dis
 puted auctions, which they might torture to
 Gen. Taylor's prujudice.’^
 The Buffalo Commercial, (PiUnjore’s pa
 per,) says—
 It is one that, is its manly simplicity and
 dir-ctneas, does honor to General Taylor,
 and will, we have 0O doubt, peace entirely
 satiifaitory.
 Where these qualifications of manly sim
 pltcily aud directness are, we have sot been
 able to discover and we should hare ima
 gined, considering the long period of starva
 tion to which the Taylor Whig* have been
 subjected, that Jheir famishing appetites
w ould not have been m easily satisfied. The
 letter could twt well have been shorter nor
 said less. It means nothing.
 Batok Rocca, July 15, 1945.
 Hon. J. M- MoaxuiAD, Green borough, N. C.
 k Sir, l )a e the honor to receive your
 communication of Jane lOth.smiouncinsr that
 the W tug Convention which assembled fo
 Philadelphia, en the 7th of that month, of
 which voa were the presiding officer, has
 j nomiiisted me for office of President of
 the U mted State*. Ixtokmg to the compnei
 tmn of the Convent»,*n, it* memliers and
 patriotic constituents, I fee! deeply grateful
 for the honor bestowed upon me, sod ii»r the
 distinguished confidence implied in iny nom
 ination to the highest office in the gift of the
 American people.
 j I accordingly accept the nomination, but
 with sincere distrust of my fitners to fulfil the
 duties of an office which dem inda for its ex
 i erase the m-»si exalted abilities and patrtot
 9H. an l which hi* been rendered illustrious
 by the greatest name* in our history.
 butshould the nomination of the Whig
 candiJale be confirmed by the people, I shall
 endeaver to di.-c;barge t ie morr.e itou3 duties
 then devolving uopn me. so as to meet the
 expectatn ns of my fid o.v-c:uz»m and pre
 serve undiramished the prospeuty and reputa
 tion of our common couutry-
 I have the honor to remain,
 With the highest respect.
 Your obedient s=&gt;r'vt,
 ZACHARY TAYLOR.
 Haiti. —We call the attention of our read
 ers to oar Haitian correspondence, and assure
 them, as we oft repeated, that we shall
 place no reliance on snv news purporting to
 be from that country, until we receive it from
 our own correspondent—a gentleman upon
 whose statements we can confidently rely. He
 refutes the miserable reports which, from
 time to time of late, have filled the columns
 of newspapers about the horriblo massacres
 in Haiti,” to w hich we call the special atten
 tion of our Cincinnati and Western readers
 generally.
 The Cincinnatians.
 We much regret the delay of our Cincin
 nati correspondence, which should have ap
 peared some lime since; but promise our
 friend Cincinnatus” that this shall not again
 occur, and desire him not to grdw discouraged
 at this seeming neglect, but send on liis cor
 respondence regularly hereafter, once a week,
 as we prize our correspondence very highly
 from tiiat quarter. We must receive weekly
 advices of the doings of our Cincinnatians,
 and their business movements.
 Cincinnatus will appear in our next.
 M. R. Delanv having returned, his Post
 Office .adJrcss will hereafter be Rochester,!
 N T Y.
 IFT 3 lion. John P. ILdc, will please accept
 oui thanks tor the M anorial of D. L. Dix.
 Daniel Webster.— The Senator from
 Massachusetts was once standing in company
 with several Southern gentlemen, in front of
 the Capitol at Washington, as a drove of
 mules were driven bv. Webster,” says
 one of the Southern gentlemen, there go
 some of your constituents.” Yes,” re
 plied Mr. \V., they are going South to
 teach school.*’
 Taylor and Slwcry.— An Ohio Whig!
 paper says, that G;n. Taylor expended Ten;
 Thousand d liar* last winter, in the Purchase f
 oi Slaves hir h;s cotton plantation in Missis 1
 sippi.
 IL7 A cull is in circulation for a Free'
 Sud" County Convention, to lie held ai the j
 Court House, in this city, on the sth of Au-!
 enst, to semi delegates to the Buffalo Con
 vention on the oth of August.
 “Extension of Freedom. Under this I
 head the Springfield Republican chronicles
 the arrival in that place, of several runaway
 slaves from Virginia.
TO COKKESi'O.V UE.V IS.
 J- E. W. f llarrisbm g. —The information asked
 in not in our posiession, though we have tried to
 obtain it.
 Ci. W. 8., Cincinnati, O.—Mistake rectified.
 J. M., Milt'jrd, H.—Know of no reason why
 he should not have lire paper. The blame must
 rest with the Post Oaice.
 E. C., ELmra, N. Y.—F. D. never received the
 letter mentioned.
obtain it.
Communications.
 Haitian Correspondence.— No. 111,
 Pout au-Prince, July 2-J, IS4B.
 Friends Douglass Dklaxv 1 have
 just seen a Philadelphia paper, containing an
 article purpurtiug to be further intelligence
 from Ilatti,” aud which, from beginning to
 end, is one entire tissue of misrepresentations.
 The piece I aiiude to, give* an account ol" the
 murder of eighty j er&amp;on* tu cold blood, by
 order of the Government, and the subsequent
 massacre or imprisonment of all the colored
 inhabitants of Port-au-Pruice. To myself,
 who am present at the scene of action, this
 intelligence, I assure you, ia fully as novel as
 it is to others. I had deemed it best to say
 nothing iu my letters to you ia regarJ to the
 events which have lately transpired here. I
 had resolved to pursue this course, for a rea
 son which weighed heavily wuh me. I was
 well aware (and the paragraph which has
 elicited this letter is ample proof) that the
 accounts received in the United States con
 cerning matters in this Island are, generally,
 grossly exaggerated and I was fearful lest,
 m the present unhappy jiowure of affaire, any
 thing that 1 might say, might give a coloring
 of truth to the most glaring falsehoods. Such
 a thing, however, is not to be dreaded when,
 in view of any account, contradiction is offer
 ed, and a simple statement of facta in the case
 attempted. In doing so, I *hall not seek to
 give the various suppositions advanced, or the
 various charges alleged against the Adminis
 tration, or the opp&lt;suton respectively, by the
 friends or opponents of either; nor shall I
 pretend to decide upon the motive* which lay
 hidden in the breasts of individual#, or upon
 the cause* which have been silently at work,
 for years, in bringing about si ch sad results
 for such an attempt on tb« part of s stranger,
 could well merit the appellation of presump
 tion. 1 shall merely confine myself to giving
 a simple summary of the events of the 10th
 of April, as they lie within my own knowl
 edge sod yon will then be able to judge fur
 yout selves whether they are not *uffur*sx&gt;i!j
 deplorable, without any aid from the melo
 dramatic effect which thoughtless er reten
 tional misstatements may throw areood them.
 To OMsrr.eec«. About one o’clock ia the af
 ternoon of that day, prodamatioo waa made
 about the ehy to the effect that the South waa
 ia a state of revolt. Two beam after, the
 three nans! discharges of causes assonapad
that the Republic was in duiger.|*nd imtne
 d lately the ton, the beating of the drum called
 opera ail good eiuxeos to ana themselves is
 defence of the Government. Quite a stir, of
 coarse, took pises about the city, which was,
 perhaps, increased by the intelligence of the
 arrest of a General at the Government House,
 r This bad been attended w»Ui some violence,
 i doting which a pistol shot was fired and this
 giving rise to a report that the President had
 been assassinated, the guards commenced im
 mediately to shrot indiscriminately among the
 person* there assembled. Two person, I be
 lere, were killed, and some o the is wounded.
 By half past four, a portion of the citizen*
 in arms were assembled at La Place, lira ap
 pointed rendezvous in such insrs, and hiving
 waited some time without receiving any orders
 a* to their further disposition, they retired and
 took up a position, first, in the Place de la
 Vafiere, and afterwards at the waterside.
 Shortly after, the Government proclaimed
 itself satisfied with the conduct of the citi
 zens, and, as there was no immediaie necessi
 ty for their services, they were permitted to
 retire to their homes. A detachment of the
 guards then came down,whereupon askirtnish
 ensued, in which the guards were successful.
 In this affair, seven or eight of the eitnena
 fell, and some few on the part of the aoldierv.
 Some arrests were also made, and a few mili
 tary executions followed next morning.
 For two or three*dsys after, business was
 sus|»ended and during this time, one or two
 cases of violence occurred on seme plantations
 near the city. On the 20th, however, a gen
 eral amnesty was proclaimed in regard to*ali,
 with the exception of twelve persons, w hom
 the Government regarded as prominent in dis
 affection towards itself. Since then, cvery
 tiling has been quiet here; and tranquility has
 also been restored at the South, whither the
 President marched a week or so after.
 In conclusion, I proceed to give you a
 translation of the last official announcement of
 the state of the country. It is as follows
 “Liberty, Equality.
 REPUBLIC OF HAITI.
 PROCLAMATION.
 Faustin Soulourpue, President of Haiti to the
 People and Army
 Haitians ln the midst of a profound
 peace—at the moment when ihe Government,
 in its solicitude, was laboring to give a new
 energy to the oountry, by encouraging indus
 try and commerce, an 1 by extending its agri
 cultural resources, a perverse minority was
 i plotting to overthrow our institutions, and de
 cimate our families. Th; country would
 have expired in thi3 fratricidal struggle, if the
 Providence which watches over the destinies
 of'Haiti hud not ordered otherwise!
 The ingrates! How little they know theii
 country! The traitors! jCJoubtless they were
 i ignorant that tbo people are, to-day, fully
 1 alive to their true interests. That people,
 who n they fancied their dupes, was vvatch
 ing, in silen;;, their sacrel movement—was
 reading their every thought. And when the
 mask was thrown aside, the people, by a spon
 taneous movement, arose anil tendered its aid
 to the government of its choice. Let us cast
 a veil over the event which followed.
 Haitians A new era arises for the Rc
 i public. The country, freed from the various
 obstacles and heterogeneous elements which
 i hindered i‘.s onward march, is now entering
 upon a prosperous career.
 The majority of the traitors ha- e j assed to
 foreign lands. They have f.td from thechas
 j lisement w hich they have so justly merited.—
 But, in flying from the danger which they
 have themselves provoked, let. them never
 think of placing their foot again upon the soil
 of Haiti. Unnatural children let them nev
 er return to rend aguin the bosom of their
 mother country. That country reproves—
 that country disinherits them.
 Citizens of Auk Cayes! lam about leav
 ing your city to visit the rest of the Depart
 ment of the South. My stay here ha 3 re
 stored tranquility to your community and I
 am happy to say, this tranquility and security
 aeign in every part of the Kepublic.
 Civil and military functionaries of the Ar
 rondissement of Aux Caves! Be faithful to
 yourselves. I have taken all the measures
 dictat;d by prudence, to te-establish order J
 and to maintain the respect due to persons and;
 to property. Entrusted With my confidence,
 render yourselves worthy of it by fulfilling;
 scrupulously your obligations. You are re-1
 spons.ble for the slightest attempt directed
 against the established order of tilings.
 Haitians! Be calm and confiding in the
 chief who is the vanguard of the country.—
 Citizens and Soldiers Be always united; and j
 let the bond of national brotherhood be lorev-j
 er indissoluble. By that union, we shall at
 tain the destiny marked out for us by the fin-!
 ger of Providence.
 Soldiers I am satisfied with your position, j
 Persevere therein, and you will deserve well
 of your country.
 Long live Liberty!
 Long live Equality!
 Long live the Constitution!
 Done at the National Palace, Aux Caves,:
 this 2?th day of June, I©4B, in the 45th year j
 of Independence. SOU LOUQL’E.
 [By the President.]
 L. DUFRF.NE,
 Provisionally Scc’y of M ar and Navy.
 L. VAVAL,
 Provisionally Sec’y of tbo Interior [and of
 Agriculture.
 SALOMON JEUNE,
 Provisionally Secretary of Finance, Of Com
 merce, end of Foreign Relations."
 In the ardent hope that a new and glorious
 era may have indeed risen for Hair, I sub
 scribe myself, as ever, Your*, truly,
 HAROLD.
 L*rtsr from Got. Taylor—lt is well
 know u to most of our readers, that Gen. Tay
 lur has purchased a Urge pUntati.m in the:
 eottuo and sugar growing region of the R;o&gt;
 Grande, and a* matter of course wishes to
 4&lt;eiwntrote to th* world the happily tog j
 result of «x:eo4iog aUv e ry upon the Kioj
 Grande. Jt i* also well koowu that ooe of'
 the old General’* particular pets who is hw
 Aid,” also hi* Secretary. A short time t
 unee, this Maj. Bliss arrived at Washington,
 on Inmnw for hi* master before retumtag
 North. The morning after tua arrival Asm,
 the following ndvartieemer* appeared im the
 daily paper* of that city—
 $lO,OOO to $19,000 for investment in
 Slaves. Boys sod Girls would b: preferred
 bet fo avoid separation, families will be taken.
 Proposals era invited by letter, addressed u&gt;
 A. B. Wsahiagtoa «ty, postage paid, at spy
 use between this and the first of July.**
 Fathss Mattocw—The Boetoo Mad an
 nounces, u« security,” that parelytfo
 stroke will compel Hr. Matthew in abandon
 the intended nm te tkta ooontry altogether,
Agriculture.
Wbat HUT t —The authorities of lb* city
 I of Cbxrteaujn, S. C., Hi»» prohibited thenk
 of tha Diaciptiu* of ib* M.*thoti*si Cbotrfe.
 Sooth," because it main a aectioo of tha
 general discipkoe of ihe Church which U»U
 he* to the great e»ii of slavery," sod in
 quires bow it can he extirpated." Aod
 what is peihapa evea m *re startling, the an
 nual conference of the State hare sanctioned
 the oncomphuiiicg submission of the Charles
 i ton clercry and laity to the ruslfictwwi. So
 I that the Southern breach of tha Miihodtst
 Episcopal Church w in the singular position
 of having an authorized coda of discipline
 which cannot be cucuiated among its meru-
 I ber*.
 The shore we take from the New York
 Cnm n?rci?l Advetttxsr. If the Methodist
 V Episcopal Church, Smith, permits the civil
 “I autboiittesof Charleston, Smith Carolina, or
 r! any other civil authorities, to dictate what it
 g! shall publish in its book of discipline on the
 subje:t of slavery, or any other subject, it
 will give but sorry evidence of submission to
 i Chriit as its only lawgimraad king. Are
 next to hear that the Friends are forbidden t.»
 I circulate the tatters of their Yearly Meet
 ings! This is a great country. V. Y. Re
 corder.
 A seaman named John Thurston, who was
 locked up for vagrancy at Norwich, Conn.,
 committed suicide on Wednesday last by
 strangling himself with a towel.
 j Address of Anti-Slavery Women of West
 ern New York.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 duty we owe to God and our fellow beings,
 the Anti-Slavery women of Rochester fee)
 constrained to continue to persevere in their
 elForts for the oppressed and suffering bond
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in the
 Southern prison house. Wo are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 i 3 their labor wrested from them unrenunera
 ted not only do they sulFor from intense hun
 ger and cold not only are the females, oun
 sisters, subjected to die cruel and pa.*sionate
 outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 seers but there are daily instances of sun
 i dering the dearest ties in nature, thus topa
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better—can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 j ish as slavery It would ba unraasanable,
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring furth
 good fruit.’’ Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionately
 invite the cooperation of thecitiz.ns of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask them
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them." Remember,
 i also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 j our attention to the sick and to those who- are
 in prison, and concludes by tha forcible asser
 tion, “Inasmuch as ye have done it toone of the
 least of these, my brethren, ye have done it
 unto me." We feel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and are careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 i mined to live for the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time to their own per
 j sonal ease —all who feel bound to improve the
 1 precious Urns allotted to them here, bv pio
 inciting as much as possible the cause of truth
 j and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever
 the dimon of slavery from our land; and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 i and wickedness, we should be a light to the
 world."
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. The
 Christian's influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the eid of men and
 i of women we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the
 j merchant. We ask ail and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare,
 I either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 j and blessings with which they were endowed
 i by our Creator.
 For tills object, we propose holding a Fair
 m December next. AA e ask the females in
 the adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us thoir company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thus pre
 i pared, but in convincing the public mind of
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 and thus he helpers m hastening the day of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Saka.li D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. llallowell, do.
 Mary If. Hallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Burtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garsio, do.
 Catharine G. Bkaithvvaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Baih.
 Susan R. Doty, Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Park*?, do.
 Eliza (’outer, Williamson.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintock, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. MACKiNTYRt. Darien,
 (Commercial.
 Rochester. AafutS, !*4S.
 There is very little doing in the market. At
 preseat new Genesee Wheat iclb in the street A 1.
 Very little is ofieied- A boat lead of Chicago
 Wheat was sold on Monday at 84 etc. fer Umbel.
 Fioui—The wholesale price is nominally (4 50ft
 4 75. There are mo buyers.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Carrest.
 FLOUR ano MEAL—bun 20 f c »d t»l
 FI Air, *»d 4 7J eS 00 i
 (hrn truss.!. f bush 56
 PRUVIaiO.VS —Duty; Heef.Park.ifsms, iiaam,
 Butler an 1 Lard, 2J fc Cheese fe -1 ««l
 Fork, &lt;8 19 a*&gt;
 Liu. ui ii»g 4&lt;»• 4 50
 Beef, cm. 150 tftl
 Do. b kA. (m-es) 7 U(A BUO
 Lard (tried) *ft 8
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked) 7 &lt;5 8
 Shoulders, do G.. 6
 Turkey* f i ..8
 Chicken* 8 j
 Potatoes, W» bit
 GRAIN— Dutv; 23 p c ml! v«J
 WlmuMkmS IN
 Cora 4d 41
 Rys 09
 Olw #7 m 43
 Ihdey ..M
 HID Ed—D*i); Spetlval
 SLviiiitcr 7
 Cajf 9
 Hamep Paita 75 I«9
 SE£Do—D*ty; »—srJlOpc; Mustard i
 c ad raj
 Cfever 475
 T.smchy tl5 S*o
 r*:- c
 Citth emu 4 M
 SUNDRIES—
 wZrh-ah:
 Da.dried
 ElPtfhi ft
 Btou.r bwk 04 IN
 HfW 10 00 12
 iluii ***d 'NMNRMS
 Soft wsod I (J
 .nesw ii i T rtftr T■
bocrtigemcnts.
MEW nir FACTORY.
 X curse*!» stsr*^ hZ
 e&lt;u«W:.he l a fVnp Fart%rv. at anduT »4
 Main street, where he will happy to wait opoa a| j
 uh&gt; may f»v&lt;* him vriih lh- ir ratrrmage.
 Having haJ ransi ’eraNe nqwiw- m his Trae of
 bvieeae. he yh ’fa h*Hf to faraish as goad aa
 aftirle, aad c 4 aa gwJ as can be proenred
 at amr other vimiLr twuf4ish.tmt this ritv. Hi*
 Parape are iVaished with either w«od or k-ad pipe,
 aa may euit customer*. He also wisppbrs, t&gt; wder,
 -very desrrirtkm *»f Aqtw -net L g«, or Lu Fire
 The whsrriter will take pt-wmr- in dtractiov earh
 of his coetorarrs as may re-mire the to
 competent wnrk ue*. who ivj attend to all cal’s fir
 dicing, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. AL kia.u of Putup repaired to
 on‘er.
 The abi.ve work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, fbr CASH. Persona will do well to
 rire him a call before purchasing etsewuere.
 J. R. FCI.T.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. ];.29

 la&gt;h Groffry and Prorbian Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 (Giil Stand of Ldtvard BardwelL)
 JUST receive!, anl will be kept constant!y on
 hand, an extensive and coin plate assorunent ot"
 Groceries and Provisions.
 A lar"e lot of Groceries just received, bought in
 New Y&gt;rk, at tl*e lowest ot the very Dw price* of
 1 the present season.
 3us*rt, from a gtod article at 5 can's par lb. to
 the best mushed and powdere i.
 C lear, heavy Porto Rico, Constantia and New
 Orleans Molasses, very low for *he quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, Cod4sh, Kir-, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, and all the articles. t*o
 iiuaici ous to mention, which make a fall variety la
 supply every wmt of faaidiea r»v deafer*.
 Clwice fresh Gi-een arid Black Teas.
 Extra Old Java and oth .-r Collecs.
 Cash pai l for pm iucc a:i 1 pr..visims.
 Tite att ntinn of firmer*, city fa nilies and dealers
 is respectful’y solicited. Ti*&lt;se who have king fre
 quented this weli k'wwn stand are invited to con
 tinue their and al! in wa.it of 2hxU in s
 my line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 pri'-cs.
 I sell f&gt;r Cask only, an d can therefore afford to
 s'-!! low. A new lot of g&gt;o s expected Ir &gt;m New
 Y'ork in a fw days. I in'end t» make arrange
 ments s mn to k -ep a supply of Free L tb r (Jrx-tne*.
 Customers shall lx- assured of its much reality as
 pretence in ihe quality and price of rnv goo’s.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, Ju’v, 1343- 3 n 29
Important to Farmers.
 IDE’S Patent 4Ybe&lt;! Cu'fivat &gt;r and Wire Cn?«
 Plow. The Farming Public are her»*by informe
 j tha' Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 scriber for his rcce it great improvements in t!ie con
 struct ion an manufacture of Fie ld Vv ltivators
 an improvement so ijreat an to enriielv revolutionist
 the whole system of farrainr,, by re iucing (lie expens*
 one-half or* more. Wh -r-ver they have been intro
 &lt;iuced, they have met the deci i*! approbation o
 I farinnrs, as the tallowing certificates from the mtei
 ligent and practical fir.iu.fs whose names art
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, tin- Subscriber*, have
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, inventer
 |by Nathas lue, of Shelby, Oilcans *'o,, New
 i York, and believe it to be, its a labor-saving run
 chine, one of the sjreatest improvements of the US'.-.
 By it, a farmer can put in froiii ten to fifteen ames
 J more of wheat ia a year, with the same amount ol
 j team la!&gt;or; lie can also s&gt;wit in much better order.
 1 Bv it also Canada thistles an I other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 i structed that it can be regulated to i any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of tho machine,
 a-iil thus either plow up the ground fhiroughly, or
 j only just biush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think u decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing tho ground an 1 facilitating the lab.r ol
 i the Farmer, an 1 as s ich wc cheerfully reoonuacad it
 i to our brother firmer*,
 James H. lie dey, James Ile
 Enos Newman, J ilin Stevens,
 John O. Wheel-r, If irt»-3 Hedley,
 Gardner Berry, James P, An ier^on,
 Shelby, Co., Aprif 23, JB4B.
 We, the nn lersig’ied, pun haa&lt;-d one of Nathm
 Lie’* Patent Cultivators last Fall, and taund i
 j answer the purpose so well, that we have this Sprinj
 made purettise of anot!»er.' We can with this Plnv
 i prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per dm
 I tar wheat, and it is much butter done than by ihi
 i old p! &gt;ws; and the land pepared by this Cultivatoi
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1343. DCNNI3 CHURCH.
 We consider this Cultivator one of tire besi
 j labor-saving implements in us-, and as such com
 men.l it to tiie farming community, —Gupta i'uruier.
 After these testimonials, the Shtlwcriber deems it
 tinneccssarv to t-nter into a I »ng and elaborate dts»-
 cription of t!&gt;e implement, with its vaiious iiveies
 operation. To b-i fully appreciated, it must b»; seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands hi*
 Interest will be without one, a* it is an invaluable
 implement.
 The wheels are 32 inches in diameter, with tire
 and bnslies like an ordinary carriage wheel. Tiie
 body of the Cultivator ia a stout frame w ith two
 rows of teeth, 3 I) tare, ari l 4 behinl; a tongue
 j completes thn whole, which is firmly attached to th--
 frame, and s-rves to glide an i slea&lt;lv it wlien in
 operation. The teeth are cast 14 inches long, pointed
 with st**e|, and so f &gt;rm--d as to wear «haip. Evr-rv
 part of die machine is built in a strung and durable
 Manner*
 The advantages of this Cultivator are maid fid
 Ist. By means &lt;*f the wheels the machine runs c.isv,
 and the teeth go to aun lorm depth. 2 b The L-erij
 are s long, th «t tiie machi'i never ch &gt;kes, the
 or din ary cobble ston-s and l/xtl iers rolling readily
 between th-in. 3.1. The tongue gui les the irnpl--
 IU-nt with accuracy and pr-cisimi. Ami 4th. At
 Seed Une, b\' gain* the List time acr.,#* tie- lands,
 small channels or i‘u.:t* are firmed h-a ling into the
 main furrows, which effectually take off the surplus
 moistUie, aa I thus render the wheat fess liabl to b&lt;-
 wLiter-kilied. An additional iuiprovemeni has
 recently been ma le to this machine, so that the
 wheel may be lowered and frame raised 7 ineues or
 more, if neccisan ani tiius lite depth r&lt; g .Lite
 A boy tea yeafs oil ran raise or low&lt;-r it with ease.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Oileans Co,, N. A',, July 1343.
 IDE’S Pate-it Cnkivat‘*r is manufacture 1 by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. 4 w.iere farmers are iuvitcJ
 to call and examine for themselves.
 \e\i and Scccnd-Hand l lothin^,
 At 43, Et'/uAjt Strut, Rtthustn.
 LLOYD SCO'Ur rauU most respectfully infi&gt;rrn
 fits trie.id* and the Pubiie generally, that h; ha*
 eoosta itiy on hold an excelb it as&gt;*«rtiaeut of .V-w
 and 3«-'xl Haivi CLttldog, such as Gu'i, Pa*.*, i
 !r&gt;o«r«, Sic., with which lie will soppdy
 Customer* at Hie most rea* twt fe Pi ices.
 L. H. desires also to tufiirui tfie Public, tliat be
 attends to rep bring an 1 renovating, whic,* he war
 rants to be done at the dvtp'it rate, and in tbe
 best so l neatest possible ma.ionr. Hi* long ex n
 care ia the bunisss warrants him in assuring uH
 who ussy pattromtii him, that his wo.k shaL be uoa«
 to th -ir entire satistaci .on.
 Rochester, July 14, 1343.
 Till \kS! TIUMaS!
 rIE first fpsibt *of articL* to he had at LAI NG
 k iiO.\AL]X'il a-w tauL.iiiiieiit, No. j&amp;,
 Ktste Stre-t, R, du-stcr. A 1 a gear ai s»e*i*
 w*"f 4 aliees, Traveki/vg Big*, fee., which ait
 oSfe ed at Uiy very lowest pr*r,.» i„ Cash,
 Larriag-Tn o.a*iig «jg. tte I n U*e iai«et tfyie
 ami with dupai b, by J. T. Lb-'g at «i» oid siaod
 in State S.reet, opposite p«e \l m IPmsc.
 J. f, L. havi rg uai extensile expertevce in d«
 Eastern ma*kcis, h pr* to prr, saU iae-.i .a to a
 genci &gt;us public who snail Ltof him wita their pa
 tffWKft^Ce
 Rjt,water, July J 4, L 348. Sm
 Free Gned**.
 MANLF ACT’jRED brt'i- Arser&gt;mii Pres Pro
 tlwe As- wissii, «M tar sane M No. 51*N««th
 l it h-LeM, Ph.Laiedptjia:
 Mxnchrtter GingwTas; Apron aw! Far
 ».o»r-; Cams. Flannel, vnbm-mdmi Mmhn,
 b-iw.e-J a*i i ttofc'ear&amp;ft.i, of vsti urn &lt;{tt, ties mvt
 Dr itisi-.g-, bn-wi ami eokivel;
 Brfd Eve Tt+rU; tWfe saf Wahb.g:
 Cutwn Lap*; Lamp Wsrit; IM Twfc.w*. a- r*.
 c*ii« sruTs; Rsuck. igr. Ram*C hu-o,
 fee. fe-.
 Or W* l&gt;t Goo la, or fetters tfesirinf *of rmatios,
 Amy bs akfew«srd t*. J. M,!V Mrfeim.3l, S«ta
 rimstmt; Dam,- 1 L. Mdicr, Ytuhsiwti; w u*
 James Unit, No, 55, Übufrh .All y.
 A large and kazeisnue to -rtrisßl ct Prints now
 mhmmi. y«l—&lt;f

 liU-9Urrrj Oflrr,
 Jfo. 31, North Fifth Street, PSila&amp;phk-
 A FULL sssrt u* of wisbwj puhLcat-m*
 is kept siwtwtiys* hn* b Am m hswJm uw
 nntty dt ■inrnfl nan— pfekniw, ami wmUd
 .and Famf 9miMV)*
 AH Is levs rStfiug t* tin taki*** (4 tSs oftre
 km &amp;wm l *1 Mi «L Nurth
 rtWfeswew, PkapH-iitiii i
job pniJf^urc:.
 Thf, north stap. office, is
 wit 1 anr J4&gt; T\*&gt;, tar tfe» exccotkn of every
 deserti ti es of Pi urtt if ».tfi snssUws* a-si &lt;fespa«k,
 St ihc l west prices tat c.sh, vis;
 Htnd-btlb, I’lrkt. Fil-brsfe.
 tarenisrs, B.:fe «f Imdirf,
 pamphlets, Cnrds, L*iaa,kc.
.NEW PLBLICATIOJIS.
 \VILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Waxss*’* ArrcsL. with a brief skeKl* of
 hi* life by tlemrj Ceut.
 Al*.. dl«Mr*« ntV &gt;7arc tf fi* l’»i.
 ted Statu. This address vra* r»x*iu*d K the Ns-
 (a.rivcntv«w. at Rsffafe it* 1643. Ifer ed.lKm
 IS sma I. and t.sac nix, ce*.is *,3 Jo nxU tn
 send tn Uwir order* e*r?y.
 JI M PI ULI&amp;UED, a Lrctnve -wtltfe l Tivf
 I i*T i*r&gt;Psr«£XTU -vctTios or ytit Coisg
 R iCK, by Itrmry 7/i«W«nd Gamut.
 rul.!.»he.| at 'Frey, N. Y. Gross* adsafcd in.
 Api d 23, S.n.
Open to the PmbU. fmm 9, A. fs 3 P..V.
 r rnr ANTI SLAVERY OFFICE im&gt; READ.
 A IN*• RtM).M. No. 25. Buffalo Stmt. Tla
 Roam is neatly turn idled, xad the talks tuled with
 s*atnc oi tiie l-rst Vi;t*-i .itcry, Temperance, Reh*
 giou.*, Political and Literary Papers.
VTARRATIVEOF THE UFF OF rREDER
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to bn
 bad at this office, price 30 reals.
NOTICE,
 I 1 HE C' ’partnership bereti.fi.re existing let wen
 CLARK fe DUN CO AIRE, 4WS minify dis
 solved on tiie Ist *f April, 184^.
 A. i LARK,
 V. 11. DUNCOMBE.
 Rochester, June 2, 1848.
 DR. CL ARK, still onvinnr*at fin Smith**
 Arcade, Baft.ife Street. D». Ckuk &gt;uld ir*
 i form tiie citizens of Rjrieitrr and surrounding c-nm
 try, that hr keeps a g;w-l assortment of Tfeoaisnnian
 ami other Botanic Medicines, m-atly put up with di
 recti &gt;ns for family use also for *n!&lt;- Dr Thomson*»
 New .Materia Medica. This valuable work mhmiLl
 be owned by every practitioner ani tanniy iu tlio
 land.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, lf
Hair-ratting and Dressing at
 RALPH FRANCIS** Saloou, under t'&gt;e Euglo
 Hiite!, Buffalo-street. jul 11—3 m
 BOOKS, For Safe »t the Axti-St avsrv
 Offick Reading Room, No. 25 Buffaln
 *t., Second Slow te the Arcade:
 Narrative of Frederick Douglass.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait 44
 Spooner mi Unconstitntiouality of Slavery,
 W Phillies reply to do.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated by it* effect on Woman.
 Also a ri'di variety of Fancy and useful articles
 made by the Ladies'Anti-Slavery Society.
Note in the Prr
 .1 TRIBITE I OH TIIE XEf.RO,
 BFtSO A VISDICATIOV OF THE Mn« At., IXTF L
 t. F.CTC.A L AND REI.IOIOCS CAPAEII.ITI t» or
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 With particular rrferenrt to the African race.
 Illustrated by numerous authentic facts. Biographical
 Sketches, Testimonies of Travcllcis, fee.
 The motives which have actuated the author in
 preparing the alcove-mentioned work, are solely a
 desire to interest and enlighten the public mind, on
 a subject intimately connected with die happinees or
 misery of n la7ge p.,rtiou of the human fauiiK nod
 by a relation of facts aad testimonies, which b&lt;&gt;
 assertions can annul, to remove a deepß-rooled pre
 juiHce. existing in the mind* of many respecting the
 i African rare.
 j It is an iinjiortant question whether the Negro i*
 I constitutionally, a*l tlieretarc irremediiiblv inferior
 to th-j white man, iu the powers of the mind. Much
 of the fc.t'iro welfare of the human rare depends on
 j the answer which experience and tacts will furnish
 to this quciiimi; for it coneerns not onlv the vast
 population ot Aii'u a. l»ut m;in\ milli of tiie Negro
 race, who are locate, i Lew lure, and the whites who
 nre becoming mixer! with the black race, in countries
 where Slavery e\!*i», or where it has existed till
 within a recent period. Many per. on* hare ventur
 ed upon peremptory decisions on Imth sides of tho
 j question; but the majority appear to 1 c still tn&gt;sa tin
 j fied as to the real capabilities of the Negro race
 Their prevent' ac'aal infi-riuritv in many respects,
 comparing them as a whole with the &lt;df.nr.
 e portion of mankind, is t,w&gt; eythent lolxi disputed
 l-m it must be l*um« in mind that tliey are not in u
 fit eon,;,tinu for a fiiir. cungtai ison to drawn be
 fwe- n the two. 'J’heir |,rc-ent degraded state nnv
 la* en-dv no-'ii itud for l&gt;y tho circumstances amidst
 whi ii Negroes have lived, !s;th in their own cuiintrv
 an I abroad. Tf i single insfauee can Is* addueeil &lt;‘f
 an individual of tie* African race exhibiting a genius
 w hich would be considered cmiuent in it ihacrl Fuio
 -1 pean soeirty, wc have a proof that there is in iu-uin
 |»a»ibi!ity between Negro organization and Mgli in
 tellectual power. But it is not one alone, but mnnv
 remarkable rase* of this description that arc brought
 forward in tfu* pres'*i!t voiumi, which in !vd&lt;» up
 wir /x of 1.50 biorrrnho nl ek/td-fx of A (reran -ir thnr
 •It urn l c..tx, hr .ides Funs nod Aiwcdotcs, Tr&lt; rinst,
 nies of Travellers, Mfesiouarics, fez*., tin* win !e
 forming a complete “Tbi hi; T»: r &gt;r. THt Nfgro,"
 ami exhibiting an unfioubfett refutation iff rtie uu
 founiled raluniiMes which have linen m ailed on the tin
 fu innate race of Ali ica, proving litem to tie endowed
 witli every rharacteristie oonatituting tlie ir identity
 w ith tiie great family of Man, and rmnetpieittH, ,n,
 titled to ecit.iin iitalienaMn rights,” aonnig-t which
 are“ life, Ids rty, and tint pursuit of happiia ss,” any
 inlringetnent on which is a during usurpation of tho
 prerogative and authority of the Most Ifigh.
 The work w ill tie rendered additionally ?ntere*ting
 by av Apmorniat* istrodoctoi;if porn',
 written-purposely tar the occasion, by llrriako
 B a hto.v. It will also lie eitricned by the addiiioa
 of a beautiful engraving, froiu a paintiug pme*n«- l
 to th'* !»ndnn .Missionary B&lt;*eir!v, representing tw*
 Natl ve- ol B&lt;itith Africa giving Evidence Isitare a
 riefeet Committee ol tint House of Common*. Tho
 African* are giving evidence, Dr, FkiUip i* «e-al&lt; &lt;1
 in tint foreground, and James Read, s*:n. ami pm.,
 Mis*io i: net from South Attica, are standing, the
 latter acting a* interpreter. The *.,kuie* will also coo.
 tain portraits of
 Cinoi the Chief of Aicittad apTives,’’
 Ja.v ‘I 1 1 rzox, I'hristi.ui Chief of the Amakosm
 Trilie,-Smith Africa.
 J. \V. U. Prxt9oTo.v,n highly esteemed MmuUf
 oftlie Gospel, of pure African extraction.
 Ffiner Kit. X Dot,«.l.sss, the fugitive slave.
 Olat;i»ih fit;r 11 no, or Gcst aai. Va*»
 Et-graved s?. ,-t!n tirst-rti'»* Arti*t». Also a ac
 siMit.ic ot ilh- w-fltiog ol I otssAixT L’Ot vr n.
 i c ar., tire Ii :rk C.'tifef of Jiavri,
 Toe wt.ik ad' be printed it* the best tyje, on lino
 pamer, and eonerd &lt;jf nknm fekf |hi/-«Rvo., hrautitai-
 Iv lioniid in cloth, wills aa appro|.tiwte tarui
 mg an ie-gasM volume f,r fbe o'raw irg room tal.le.
 Ad proft** arising from its safe wilt 1# cferoud la
 lla. V .ti-S*,ive r j caijH-; American pfrre, to s«i*irr
 to iMsn-suharrioers |&gt;4; iisurvt lua.siWsn
 oj pneaessi *g aid oblige by seitti »g *heir o»-
 der* to tiro* Aw4i*rlal», Leeds-, ot to tii«
 .Nusra Sait Oftae.
PttOSPKECTUS OF THE
 Aacriraa P»ir?no!of!ral J#arna!,
 O. S. FOWLER, EOITOa
 TO »ivd t sun! UU( r»r#», is
 *V »w*i „f *ll Ytt, t.» -1. li* m
 r***t tt'Mieratf»&lt;*rl 'V llwwi tV I ~is
 Phrenology, Plj) sul ,Vm I SUk m i*&gt;
 lirate, ansi tr-n ♦■&gt;;&gt;-**:nl 'ill l« of wwr fcri.’t,
 C"Tiiiiions &lt;#f H..; r Uw
 pl*ff’* *L»oe of IJnitonsi Trtli),
 FHREStOLOGf
 r.'vb nwnVr w*tl e*mt#i» either iV »W«*i* S',4
 W/Cuii rA its-ur: ,«»il U
 ur irtt u. va usii «sAuau«i&gt;i
 wn-1 slaw In#' M|tiuiatiuu ire] lt«rVl«r d»*«
 tiagiUkLeii pn *rr&lt;ws,t m&gt;#4 by Lkrsess.
 purtioioov
 Ifeskh Tue i nw'-n u#» &lt;*t
 t*r Mi a aws r» HI
 J»l(#n»'&gt;#ii #4) «*S L*
 HiOXETHM.
 Will, prvtii! £wr»», *M
 cs i#w ir*d)i «ki&lt;b H sifi &lt;a- m
 lW j asm'
 VOCXO ME*.
 TV Mrs-inf* iher e» v »»£«n*re tlw-jr rsa
 WttO. fcnrf ttorar fWWforifM* CMIvfcMWM«; ow»'
 isuous, will um.mm «i a mou &lt;4 stuck*.
 *«U’&gt;iMr*'*VEMEKr.
 Who k#s&lt; awhsllji, mmi tit—lit no* stt i»o
 Vsmlj, |u k*o nwnral »~i
 hrllts SrtJ fc*j n,j\ T„ sot it,
 tmth nsmhsr win ho ima **cr s«4 iw4*mk
 Il w«|t«aM—ONE DOLL*
 Alt A YEAR
 ft AMPLE !U XBEftS &lt;4 few Jam) **U to
 OH.i l U». wtesdauntl.
 To rt»**o sMsnik'W. Ammo m 4 «rdm mo bo
 PO*» PAID, M* dinnM to
 iOWLEA A WELLS
"
