"FREDERICK DOtTIIJiSS,
 M R. MELA MY, Ed,TO
VOL. I. NO. 33.
Th* NUKTaI STAR is pabiUbed ever)
 Fridar» at No. 31, street,
 {Oppft* tSt A'&lt;*d*
 TER'tri.
 Two dollar, per
 sahscripii-H. w.M he meci.ed fer ter. the*

 three u -MU'! ere er
 (W 4, twe.y-»re
 •&lt;!._, ect of wc J* f ,l 11 tUc
 Slave*' m ail l*M ,VoCalf
 Cmrtiiu E&lt;A!«cirATior ex«k the -untenJ
 •f Pu blic tfoasLirt; proSote the moral «*hl in
 tcifeetMl i.spc»ve.s*it of the Colored Psortr.;
 mm 4 the Ur of FREEDOM to the ThRK»
 MtLLioef «f y. FklloW Coos-
 Tliatl*.
 f Ullftsilfcfß’ NOTICES.
 ryy. cun nurimti &gt;n* retitiit t, the burm**
 maun of the pa;*., of rile.-iiherv,
 i .ul 1 I*.' »1 :rc«»el t-* Joa&gt; Die*.
 Pul&gt;b3ter.
 V jcit*, ant ah others •e.litjf nee, an
 e mi i t 1* a-C irate, an i ,Ove th.- P Oji
 l.e C i.’y, ai I the M*v. Earh SuiwcriU-r i? no
 in iiate'v rc-lite I f r iu .ney receive.!.
 !;-y u per* Ml *e i:ii*tj i the |*»y.e it f&gt;r f-ui
 *&gt;ili#ciibj to he f novarJe l to one a.I Ire-*, nia\
 bare a nfC, 00-y f&gt;r me year.
 ,cjr Aii fetters an l co*a.uaaicstli»a* n»'**t 1* I** 1
 p ii 1.
 list of aoevts.
 U k o,C!iin-n..- t- F. Walcott, 21, Coruliiil,
 fWn; V it n I -h ,n, Vc*B-!f*rl; ll .rat. U
 ,«t r, L-v I; I. V. Bii-fifo, Lvn; Denr?
 Erie., W,r t tm. S;, ,o te ■lv noiitli;
 Cia-lcs K. S ti, Spri t; irlt Oari.l
 N rtha nol r»; If. Carps .ter, I '[it *n.
 v Liver Its a ico, Poitb 1 1.
 V Rtfo.rr. :l,wla.il T. Robinson, North Fcr
 riib'iri.
 C-nvtcTtCUT.— l mathji’i L-onarl, New Haven
 Sks\ &lt;1 wpSiliK v.,— W'oare Tapp.m, Bra’f n L
 \r. ir York. —Sv Inev tf. Oav, 142, .\aesai
 Street; Jx.it M :Gu"ie S nilli, 93, West Brmluay;
 Joseph Post, W *»'l»‘irv, (Jn'f'i County; Mary H:u
 per, All) tw; Elia* Ditv, Mteclon; Willetts K. e«e
 Peru, Oli iiou Coiiutv; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 I. F. Platt, Pe iu Van; J. Je liey, Geneva; E. L
 Platt, Bith.
 Il'towr. Isl*ki). \m»rancv Pain", Provi le-.ee
 Pek rsvlv a s t \.—l. M. M*K.i 31, North f iftl
 Street, Phil i Iclphia; W. tlories, 8, Exi liaaj.
 Plv c, Ditto; 11. Vash It. Bow Piuslmn?
 Willia n W tip-ier, C •luml.i i; Isaac llolv-rts, Jaeol
 E. Pun, No- ist» va, Mo it« ..ncry County, Mil.
 A. T r.v is ;a I, New Brighton.
 Onto.—' 'lirUtiaa D ni.rl iso i, Cjurinnati; &lt;L W
 Carter, D.tlValentine .Mich ilson, Ilarvcysburgh
 Warrc i Con ity; Saul lei Br &gt;oke, S.ile.n.
 Ml-JHI n k. ’l.ilK-rt Ba lks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel I*. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
 WOMAN’S RIGHTS CONVENTION.
 At a Convention, held in the ffnita
 ria i Clurch in the city of llocheater. on
 the 21 day of August, 13H, to consider
 the Rights of VVo nen: politically, so
 cially, religiously, and industriously.
 A&gt;iv Post, called the meeting to or
 der and rpported 1 &gt;n behalf of the Com
 mittee, the following persons to serve
 as officers; Abigail Hush, President;
 LauraMurrav, Vice President; Cath
 arine A. F. Stebbixs, Sarah L. Hal
 lowell, and Mary 11. Hallowell,
 Secretaries.
 Prayer by Rev. Mr. Wuicher.
 Toe iniitttea of the preliminary inert
 ing, were then read; at which time,
 tour} anxiety was manifest concerning
 the low voices of the women, and when
 reading or speaking was attempted,
 cries of louder, louder, nearly drowned
 them, without giving time for adapting
 them to the size of the house; and the
 President remarked that we present
 &lt;d ourselves there before &lt;Uein as an
 oppressed class, with tremoliug frame!
 and faltering tongu *s, and we did noi
 expect to he able to speak s as to be
 heard by all at lirst; but she trust
 ed we should have the sympathy of t
 •.odieuee, and that they w »u;d bear will
 our weakness, a&gt;w hi the in'ancy a;
 we were of the movement; that oui
 trust iu the omuipotency of right win
 emr mdy failh that we should succeed.’
 XV. C. Xell then r&lt;!iid an add.es.
 highly commendatory of the energies
 and rare derolt.in of women iu ev. io
 g »d cause, illustraied by facts in proo
 ot her equality with man—adding tha:
 he sh uld never cease to ma d thi
 grateful bun ige of iiis heart for theii
 zeal, in l). half of the oppressed class
 with w.iieh he stood identified.”
 Lucuf.tia Mott, said s ie must be
 all I'ved t i object to some porti ms of it,
 uuch as calling woman the better hull
 ut et egti *n —ma i bad become so
 jtcctMtoiued t i xpeak of woman in the
 language of lUu*i»i&lt;g compliments, that
 he indalges io it i*Maw.i.*es t th there
 *re some evidences of iiuproveir,eut—
 instance the re forte in tno liteiatue of
 the day—the sickly sewtiieentality of
 thd Ladies Department,” is last dis
 appearing, it being perceived that her
 mind requires more substantial food.—
 Bhe also objected to calliug man a ty
 rant, it is power that makes him tyranni
 cal,and w *man is equally so when she
 has irresponsible power. We shall
 *ut place woman in a true position until
 we form a just estimate of mankind as
 created by Ci id.
 Wh.li*m C. Nell, disclaimed all
 imcuttiot., tlattery, he did not think
 that flattery, w.iich is spoken in truth.
 A Due.- tr i n t!UT Smith was
 read expressing his deep interest in »he
 objects of the convention, and regreting
 his inability to be present.
 The following declaration of senti
 ments, adopted at the Seueca Falla
 CouvenUon, submitted.
 -When, in the course of human eventi, it
 become* for one portion of the fam
 ily ot nun to assu.nt among m*
 f»rdi a posit..,n difTcreut fro n that which they
 have hilheno occupied, but one to winch the
 Jaws of oatar* and of nature'* (j j wtjl
 a&gt;e(B. a doocui reapoct u, th* owr m ,tu ol
 mtnlciod requiro* that they aho dd declare me
 causes that impel them to such a course
 We hold these truth* to be s*h-ovidsm
 that all men and woman are created equal;
 that they ar* endowed by uitu Creator with
 eertaia inalienable rigbta; that among th&lt;*«
 are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happmee*
 that to aeoorn these rights govemm nu an
 inMituted, durivtnir tltar jost (Miwer* ir,„ n u, t
 9oii*?nt of tlie governed. Whs.ieter ant film
 pf Govern itsui become* deairucuve of thus,
 end*, u i« the right ul those who suffer fVoa
 (4 to tefiwe allegiance tu it. and in ep*«t
THE NORTH STAR.
(be institution of a new government, lavinj
 Ins foon ton on s.icb prutcipks, and oig»t-.i
 zing its powers in such tonu as tu tneui slisJ
 seem most likely to etiecl lOeir saicty at.&lt;
 j Happiness. PruJeucc, indeed, wilt detail
 liiul government* long established MuiuJd no
 be changed lor light and transient caw#- a
 ami acvu.ditigly, an experience bath show*
 tnat uunnind are tnuie disposed to butler
 wiiiie ewis -ire sud'erauie, Uiau to right them
 «el%ev bv anoltshiug the lorms in winch litcj
 j are acc.-blw-uad. Ilut when a long train o
 ahuaes and usurp iiiu.m, pursuing invanablj
 me same oliject, evinces a destgu to reduc&lt;
 Mum under absolute despoitsm, a is mei
 jut, to throw oil such government, and it
 proVije new guards lor their lulu re security
 Ouch has been the aueul b .li.Xaooe oi iih
 woaieu under tins g« eruio ml, a..d snen it
 I now tue uec- boity whicU ooi.suraius theai tt
 deuit.id Ine equal »Uuuu to which lu.-y arc
 entitled.
 I ..a It sTory of mankind is a history of re
 je.te.i i t ,i.u» a.id usurpalions uu toe pari
 ~4 u i ird wtiuian, hawng in direci uuj-.ci
 t u co. i Hi an uhsoaule Ijiunuy uiei
 i, r. j i U let taels 0e suUuiiiled it
 iCd i J*ci «;j ts.
 i,e ..us nevur permitted h**r to exercise hei
 niaoenaaie tigiil 10 Ittr elective irauCtilsc.
 lie iias c •mpehed her to suUmll lo laws, it
 the I .rm itiou ot wh en sue had no \o.cc.
 11 lias wuntie.d itum ner ngnls winch ar.
 given lo the «n.»st ighora..t a..u uegraacd met
 —holli natives and luie.gi.e-s.
 Having deptiVcU her ui this first right of
 cmij.i, me eiecu* e traiicinse, thereby teavn.j
 her witiiout representation hi the hahs o
 1 g si i.oii, he lias oppressed her uti ail sides.
 il h is made her, .1 married, lu the eye o
 the law, civilly dead.
 lie nas luion 1 1 utn her all right in property
 even to me wages she earns.
 lie has made net, morally, an irresi»onsibl&lt;
 being, as she can commit many crimes will
 impunity, provided they be clone in the pres
 ence ui her husband. In uie covenant o
 marriage, she is compelled to promise obedi
 dice to Iter husband, lie becoming, lo al
 intents and purposes, her master —the lav
 giving him power to deprive Iter ot ner liberty
 and t.&gt; administer chastisement.
 He has so trained the laws of divorce, a:
 I to wiiat shall be lue proper causes ot divoice
 m case ot separation, to whom the guardian
 ship of me children shall be given; as to b
 wind!, regardless ol" the happiness of woiuei
 die law, in all cases, going upon the falsi
 supposition of the su, retnacy ol man, am
 giving all power into nisha-.ids.
 Aitei depriving her »d all rights as a marriet
 woman, il single ami tin; owner ol property
 he lias taxed her to suppotl a govermuen
 which recognizes her only when her propert;
 can he tuadeprufiiahle in a.
 He lias monopolized nerly all the prnfitnhli
 employments, and from those she is permute*
 to follow. she receives but a scanty reinuuera
 lion.
 He closes against her all the avenues t&lt;
 wealth and di»tii.c;ton, which he consider:
 mosi lionorable m himself. As a teacher o
 theology, medicine, or law she is not known.
 .He has
 ing a thorough education—ail colleges being
 closed against her.
 He allows her m Church as well as Stale,
 bill a subordinate position, claiming Apostolic
 authority,for her exclusion from the ministry
 a id, with some exceptions, from any public
 patlicipatnm tu the affairs of the Church,
 lie has created a false public sentiment, by
 giving lo the world a different code of moral:
 tor men and women, by which moral deiiu
 1 qncncies which exclude women from society
 are not only tolerated, but deemed of hilh
 account in man.
 11-* has usurped the prerogative of Jehoval
 himself, claiming it a* his light to assign fo
 her a sphere of action, when that tbelo.igi
 lo k -r conscience and her God.
 lJ has endeavored, in eve-y way that hi
 etutld to destroy lier confidence in her owi
 opwers, tu let-sen her self-respecr, and t&lt;
 m.die her wiliuig lu ead a dependant ant
 abject life.
 life expression of Sentiment on thii
 Declaration being invited by the Presi
 dent, Elizabeth C\ Staxtu.n, ho pet
 the invitation would be accepted, am
 desired opposers would be more gener
 oils than to withhold objections until fn&lt;
 convention was dispersed—as at Sene
 ca Falls, where the'ininislers reviewet
 it i i toeir pulpits on the Sabbath da;
 where j -ey c-*u!d not he met.
 Mr. Co *o-oi of New Karen, fel
 £T&lt; at inteit st ;.i toe -ause, saying “ht
 i &gt;ved the ladies as well as they lov&lt;
 tin inseJ.es, but lie w mid not have wo
 man excel her proper sphere; he though
 her place was at h me; it was her em
 pire and her throne—should deprecate
 exceedingly her occupying the pulpit.
 L. Mo i t said, he represented a largr
 class of community whose educatior
 had led them to limit the sphere of wo
 man—she desired him to read his Bibk
 again and see if there is any thing there
 to prohibit her being a religious teach
 er, th mgh it was not strange that he
 had imbibed such views coming as he
 did, from New Haven, Chain.; said wc
 had derived our views, too much from
 the Clergy instead of the Bible.
 Hon. \V. C. Bi.oss, admitted that
 good results would attend the exercise
 ol tbe eJcGtAte franchise by woman, bul
 portrayed many obstacles in the path ol
 that reform, and inquired if there wa;
 n* t a natural disqualification; dtd n&lt;»f
 boys and girls exhibit dissimilarity ol
 taste in the choice of play-things, th«
 one preferring the noisy hammer or the
 hoop, and the other the darling d »fl ui
 home; n id were not these same trait
 only ro »re fully developed in after life:
 Rebecca M. M. Sanford nt Anr
 Arbor, eloquently advocated the ju*i
 claim of woman to an equality wit!
 man. Her remarks were listened tc
 with close attention acul produced
 marked impression upon the audience
 At the request of Mott, Eliza
 beth M’Clintock read some line* from
 the pen of Mari ah \V. Chatman
 styled The Times that try Men’i
 Souls,*’ and signed Lords of Crea
 tion,” in reply to a pastoral letter writ
 ten aoioe years since.
 M. D. Cuddi.no objected to that pan
 of tbe declaration in regard to p ditica
 action, he th night it sufficient for wo
 men to vote through their fathers, hue
 bands, tod brothers, but concluded bt
 wishing them a hearty G-*d speed! H&lt;
 was asked whether he voted by proxy
 that he thought il to desirable far wo
 men
 Frederick DotroLifs, rereirked
 that the only true basis of rights, wai
 Hie capacity of individuals, and tu foi
right is of no sex—truth is of no color— ood is the father of us all, and all we are brethren.
I himself be dare® not ctaitn a righ
 which he would not concede to wuoko
 1 In relt-rence to the enii auchiseiut nt o
 women, it need not he questionec
 w bet her she would use that right or not;
 he contended, that man should not with
 i hold it from her; he alluded to toe op
 pr&lt;«»ive customs in the Old World
 which so wronged woman, that the}
 subjected her to the most laborious u
 well as degrading menus for a liveli
 hood. He would see her elevated tr
 an equal position with uiau in ever/ le
 latiou ol life.
 afternoon session.
 A Urge nydicoen convened. Op
 portunity for pra/er was given. A
 long and mtcrcvlmg Utter from James
 i C. Jackson, approving the objects 01
 the couv nti-.’D was read,
 j Sarah C. Owen then resented an
 address port. aving the evils to which
 women ore su. je« t.
 Sarah U. hisH.als read an address
 setting forth some ol the causes of wo
 man's degradation, and urging hei
 earnestly to come torward to the work
 of elevation. Several resolutions wer*
 i read, wnich L. Mott ably advocated;
 though she thought them too tame—she
 wanted s unething more stirring.
 Mrs. Roberts reported the average
 j price of labor for sempstresses to he
 from 31 to 3d cts per day, board from
 io to $1 60 per week to be deduct
 ed therefrom, and they are generally
 obliged to take half or more than hall
 in due bills.
 Mrs. Gawley, corroborated the state
 ment, having herself experienced some
 of the oppression of this portion of oui
 citizens, and expressed her gratitude
 that the subject was claiming attention.
 Mis. Stanton, offered a resolution
 respecting the wages of house servants,
 which she thought too low for the lab i
 Ithey perform, and urged the necessity
 of reformers commencing at home.
 Mrs. Mott said, our aim should be
 to elevate the low ly and aid the weak
 I She compared the condition of wornai
 j with that of the free colored population
 1 and dwelt upon the progress they had
 m made within the past few years, urging
 1 imitation of their perseverance through
 opposition and prejudice—and said,
 while woman is regaidcd as an inferior
 1 being—while the Rible is brought for
 ward to prove the right of her present
 position, and while she is disposed to
 feel satisfied with it. all these efforts
 can do hut little. VVe cannot expect to
 do much by meeting iu convention for
 those borne down by the oq[uessur, un
 less the oppressed Iheinselvesftel and act
 and while so little attention is paid to
 education, and so little respect to wo
 man. She spoke of the education ol
 j boys and girls in England. The coin
 tnon schools for hoys show 7 an improvc
 j tnent, mathematics and many of the
 higher branches being taught; while
 the girls learn little more than to read,
 write and keeffc their little accounts
 sewing being the principal object of at
 -1 tention. The teachers say it will not
 do to educate them, you unlit them
 i for servants.” We grant, that wo
 i man's intellect is feeble because she
 I has been s long crushed. Does one
 inan have fewer rights than another,
 because his intellect is inferior? if not,
 why should woman be denied her rights
 f»r that reason? Let her arise and de
 mand them, and in a few years we shall
 see a different mental development.—
 lie regarded this as the beginning oi
 the day when woman shall rise, when
 i she shall occupy her appropriate posi
 tion in society.
 Many pertinent remarks were made
 'j bv E. C. Stanton, RhooaDe Gar.wo,
 j and Ann Edgworth,
 Elizabeth W. M’Clintock, r ad
 some notes taken of a sermon preach
 ed at Seneca Falla. Sunday following
 'the Convention held there, reviewing
 their declaration of sentiments, to which
 Elizabeth C. Stanton, made an able
 reply.
 The meeting adjourned until 7 o’clock.
 EVENING SESSION.
 The Declaration of Sentiments was
 again read, and 107 signatures ob
 tained.
 Mr.ScLLv wished to ask fathers if they
 j h*dc msid *red this subject—what cfTect
 this equality would have on the happi
 ness of a family if the wife and husband
 should differ in regard to politics or the
 education of a child? Mrs. Mott re
 j plied by asking, Which is preferable,
 j ignorant or intelligent differences?’’—
 Mr. Sullv farther said, When the two
 heads disagree, who must decide?—
 There is n&lt;» Lord Chancellor to w'iom
 to apply; hut does not St. Paul strictly
 enjoin obedience to husbands, and thar
 rnan shall he head of the woman? Mrs
 Mott replied, that in an extensive in
 tercourse with the Society of Friends,
 she had never known any difficulty to
 arise on aecount of the wife’s not hav
 j ing promised obedience in the marriage
 contract. She had never known any
 other mode of decision except a resort
 to argument, aa appeal to reason; and
 although in some of the meetings ol
 this society, women are placed on an
 equality, □••oa of the results ao much
 dreaded have occurred. The opposers
 !of women’s rights, who, though they
 bid u« obey the bachelor St." Peul,
 themselves reject his coeosel—he ad
 vised them not to marry. In general
 answer, aba would qu *e, “One is your
 master, even Christ. Alih »ugh Paul
 aajoina silence aa w tinea in the church,
 yet ha givaa directions how they ah *uld
 appear whea ther an speaking; and
 i wa have scriptural ace runts of h-raor*
 hie wcxjien not a few who ware reli
 gions taachees Phaba, Priscilla,
 Trvphe%a, Tryphosa, and the four
 daughter* «f PHdip, and various others.
 Mrs Sf atpov thought the gentleman
 could he easily answered: the strongest
 I I will nr the n mrior intellect sow g overs
 the hiasjhiH as they wall in the
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, AUGUST 11, 1848.
 m r
outer; she knew many woman who
 to all intents and purposes, is at tlx
 bead of her family.
 The resolution* were then read, ant
 Amt Post moved their adoption. A
 discussion ensued, in which Mrs. Mott
 i Mrs. Sta.nton, and Mr. Pickard, par
 ticipated.
 Mr. Pickard asked. Who, aftei
 marriage, should hold property, ant
 whose name sKould be retained? H«
 thought an umpire necessary; all bust
 ness must cease until tue consent o
 b«.th parties be obtained. He saw ar
 impo.-aibi.ity of introducing such a rult
 into society. The gospel has establish
 ed the unify «i the quarried pair—they
 two are one.
 Mrs. Staxtox thought property migbi
 1 he held jointly, and the choice of namei
 discretionary with the parties. The
 custom of taking the husband’s name is
 not universal.
 The following res dutions were now
 adopted, with but two or three dissent
 ing voices:
 Resolved, That we petition our State
 Legislature for our right to the elective
 franchise, every year, until our prayei
 be granted.
 Resolved, That it is an admitted prin
 ciple of the American Republic, that
 the only just power of government is
 derived Ir in the consent of the gov
 erned; and that taxation and represent
 ation are inseparable; and woman be
 ingtaxcdequally with man .therefore she
 ought not to be deprived of an equal
 representation in the government.
 Resolved, That we greatly deplore
 the apathy and indifference of woman
 in regard to her rights. It restricts bet
 to the occupancy of an interior reli
 gious, political and domestic station ir
 society; and we wish to inspire hei
 with a desire to stand on an equal basis,
 claiming her equal right to think, speak
 and act on all subjects that interest the
 human family.
 Resolved, That the assumption ol
 law to settle estates, when men die
 without wills, leaving widows, i 9 an in
 suit to woman, and ought to he regard-
 I ed as such by every friend of l ight and
 humanity.
 Resolved, That in the persevering
 and independent course of Mrs. Black
 well, wh&lt;» recently intended n series
 of medical lectures at Geneva, and ha*
 now gone ,t-» Europe to graduate as a
 'physician, we see’a harbinger of a day
 when woman shall stajid forth “.edeem*
 •ed and disenthralled,” and perforit
 those important dunes which are sc
 truly within hoi* sphere.
 Whereas, the husband has the legal
 right to litre out his wife to service,
 collect her w ages, and appropriate them
 to his exclusive nr independent benefit;
 and whereas, this ha 9 contributed to
 establish that hideous custom, the pro
 mise of obedience in the-marriage con
 tract, effectually, though insidiously,
 reducing her almost to the condition ol
 a slave, whatever freedom she may
 have being granted her as a privilege,
 not as a right: therefore,
 Resolved, That we will seek the over
 throw’ of toe barbarous and unrighteous
 law, and encourage woman no longer to
 promise obedience in the marriage con
 tract.
 Resolved, That the universal doctrine
 of the inferiority of w -man, has ever
 caused her to distrust her own powers,
 and paralyzed her energies, and placed
 her in that diffident position which re
 quires the most strenuous and unremit
 ing efforts to overcome, but which will
 he effected by faithful perseverance in
 the practical exei ci-e ol those talents so
 long wi i pped in a napkin and buried
 iu the earth.”
 Resolved, That those who think the
 laboring class of women are oppressed,
 ought to do all in their power to raise
 their wages, beginning with their own
 househould servants.
 Resolved, That we tender a vote ol
 thanks to the Trustees »l the Unitarian
 Church, for kindly granting the use ot
 it to ibis Convention.
 Resolved, That the friends interested
 in this movement gratefully accept the
 kind offer of the Trustees of Protection
 Hall to hold our meetings whenever we
 choose.
 ABIGAIL BUSH, Pnexideitf.
 Lacßa Me HR at, Vice-PnsAuiroC
 Cathiri.Ul A. F. j
 Mart 11. 11l clow ali., J
 Earlt Cl«si*o— Evemijig Hours.
 What have evening hours done for
 mechanics who had only ten hours’ toil?
 What in the moral, what in the religi
 ous, what in the scientific world! Heark
 en to the*** facts! —One of the beat edi
 tors t e Westminster Rrieie cnu!d ever
 boast, and »ne of the inoat brilliant wri
 ters of the passing hour, was a cooper
 iu Aberdeen. One of the editors of a
 lv»nd &gt;n daily journal was a baker in
 Elgin; perhaps the best reporter on the
 Timet was a weaver in Edinburgh; the
 editor of ihe Wine** was a stone-inn sou.
 One of the a »le* ministers in London
 waa a blacksmith in Dundee; another
 wa&lt; watchmaker in Banff; the late
 Ur. Milne of Cbiua, was a herd-boy io
 Rhynie; the principal of the London
 Misaonary Society’s College at Hong
 Kong was a saddler at Huntly; and one
 of the beat Missionaries that ever went
 |to India was tailor m Keith. The
 lending mechanic on the London and
 Binueoghna Railway, »«h £7iK&gt;ayear,
 i was a mechanic m Glasgow; and per
 haps ike richest iron founder is Eng
 land area a workingman ia Moray, bn
 Jamae Clark. H*rM*jw’s physician,
 was a drugs* ia Banff; Joseph Hums
 waa a sailor,* Mr. Macgregor, the mem
 bar for Glasgow, was a poor boy ia
 •1 ftosMhire; Jam*» WUs the meiubei
 for Wertborjr, plowman in Had
 dington; and Arthur Anderson, the
 member foe Orkney, earned bis bam*
 bv the sweat his brow in the Ultima
 j Ttenfo ..VsHhef Mmd
From tW Cartsd States Qmtm
 MINTS FOR WIVES.
 Obedience is ft very small p«rt ol
 conjugal duty, nod in most cases easily
 performed. Much of the comfort of a
 married life depends upon the lady; a
 great deal more, perhaps, than she is
 .aware of. She scarcely knows her own
 how much she may do by
 persuasion—how much by sympathy—
 bow much by unremitted kindness and
 little attention. To acquire and retain
 such influence, she must, however,
 make her conjugal duties her tiret ob
 ject. She must not think that any
 thing will d tor her husband—that any
 wine is good eonigh tor her husband—
 that it is not #nrtb While to be agreea
 ble when there is only her husband by
 —that she may close her pisno, or lay
 aside her brush, for why should she play
 or paint merely to amuse her husband?
 No —she must consider all these little
 arts of pleasing, cl.i»fly valuable on his
 account—as means of perpetuating her
 attractions, and give permanence to his
 affections—she must remember that her
 duty consists not so much in great and
 solitary acts —in display of the sublime
 virtues to which she will only be occa
 sionally called; but in trifles—in a
 cheerful smile, or a minute attention
 naturally rendered,and proceeding from
 a heart full of kindness, and a temper
 full of amiability.”
 In looking over a late paper, I met
 with the above valuable hints on the
 duties of wives to their lords, pointing
 out the modes in which they were to
 secure, in the husband, the chivalric
 devotion which had characterized the
 lover. The most infallible specific, or
 the one most strongly insisted upon in
 rules of this kind, is a “smiling coun
 tenance.” No matter what a wife’s an
 noyances may have been during the
 day, her countenance be always
 wreathed in smiles on the approach of
 her husband.
 Being one of those fortunate individ
 uals who have hitherto escaped the
 noose, 1 have had leizure to give to
 these subjects that profound reflection
 I which characterizes those situated like
 i myself.
 for if there’s anything in which I thine,
 li* in anang.ng all my frien affairs.
 Not having of uiy own domestic cares.”
 It has often recurred to me, there
 fore, that it was rather singular that all
 this good advice should always come
 froiii one side. How it is that there
 are so few guide-posts to point the way
 to innocent young gehtlenien, who'have
 recently submitted their neck to the
 noose and the halter?” Why is it
 not ofiener insisted upon, that the hus
 band should always return to his fire
 side with a smile, and endeavor to
 soothe the perturbed spirit, that has for
 hours been subjected to the thousand
 annoyances of the nursery and the
 kitchen.
 There is many an unfortunate Mrs.
 Rogers among my acquaintance, with
 “nine small children and one at the
 breast,” who need all the soothing ten
 derness erst bestowed by the lover, to
 enable them to forget the troubles so
 wearing to the nerves —by the way, it
 has sometimes occurred to me whether
 it was not Mrs. Rogers who was the
 martyr and honest John a most fortun
 ate individual, to get so well out of
 the scrape” of being obliged to make
 adequate provision for the filling those
 ten small mouths, and the clothing those
 ten small bodies.
 Compare for a moment the lot of
 Husband and Wife, in what is called a
 well regulated family.” The former
 takes his seat at the breakfast table,
 where his taste and comfort have been
 silently consulted, so far as is practica
 ble—on his wife devolves the care of
 preparing the nine small children” to
 take their seats there also, and in some
 degree of regulating their conduct.—
 Breakfast ended, the husband goes
 f.rth to the workshop, his counter, bis
 counting-house or his office, greets
 pleasantly his acquaintances by the
 way, and passes the day among the
 ever-varying scenes of evCry-day busi
 ness life. The wife, meanwhile, amid
 incessant clamor, must renew the tread
 mill task of yesterday—must wash the
 same faces, make the same beds,sweep
 the same rooms; must give directions
 for the succeeding meals, and perhaps
 assist in preparing them; must settle
 disputes in the kitchen, and quarrels
 among the nine fallen little sons and
 daughters of htr Jldon i; stid amid all
 occupations, must find occasional
 moments to “stitch—stitch —stitch” the
 innumerable garments needed in a
 family.
 Let her look to it, according to the
 sapient and oft-reiterated advice shove
 ailudtd to, that she acts thr wigh this in
 time to clothe her barraased and care
 worn visage in tb-we “wreathed smiles”
 so tndispensible toward maintaining the
 g &gt;od humor of her liege lord. He
 too has had troubles to encounter, for
 from trouble no one is eaeinpt; but n* t
 of that petty, harrassing kind that are
 wearing away the spirits and the life of
 the partner he has chosen.
 Night comes— the husband finds the
 repoee ao much needed to enable him
 to meet the unavoidable cares of to
 morrow, and sleeps as as quietly as
 the babes io the wood,” while the
 wife surfs at the slightest noi-e, to min
 ister to the comfort of the restless in
 mates of the trannel bed mod the crib,
 alt of whom are sore to be astir at the
 earliest dawn, and demanding the im
 msfistt rare of the mother, who riots
 SrwV :t whether she always can,
 is a debatable question. I insist, there*
 fore, that the husband should have a fuli
 share of the advice so lavishly bestowed
 no the wife.
 Until a better state of things eaa h
brought about, 1 am firmly resolved to
 contiuua AN OLD MAID.
 Hurts os the duty of Obedience shall
 appear hereaiter.
 FIRST of AUGUST CELEBRATION.
 The following- outlets of the celebration ol
 the fir&amp;t of August, we take from the patera
 of this city
 First or August. The anniversary
 of the day of the einancpaiiou of eight
 bundled thousand colored jueo m inc
 Bruub West India Islands, was yester
 uay tvieiutltd iu appiopnate style iu
 tins city. A great many colored peo
 ple Ij-oui the ocigiuioiuig villages aim
 citizen* were present. At 12 o crock, a
 large add »e**pectaSle procession was
 luriued at the Colored Church in Ford
 Mieet, winch marched, accompanied uy
 excellent music, to W asluugtou Square,
 where ail the uccowuieuaimn* lor spac
 ers and hearers u»uui ou such occa
 sions, had heeu prepared. Alter the
 uppoiuluient of oikceis, and music by
 the hand, Mr. Frederick Douglass, ol
 this city, delivered an able aud inter
 esting oration. He spoke with much
 eloquence and effect ol the great events
 now transpiring in Europe-, compared
 the piesent condition and tutu re pros
 pects of France with those of England,
 and although in either country there
 was much to encourage tue patriot, his
 hopes were chielly confined to England.
 For “wnut iu France was bloody revo
 lution, in Britaiu was peaceful rt/wmo
 tiun.” Mr. D.’s allusion to his kindred
 still in bondage was beautiful aud af
 fecting. He called particular attention
 to a declaiatiou made iu the .British
 Parliament by .Lord John Russell, to
 the efiect that the emancipated slaves in
 tne W est India Islands weie better pro
 vided lor, more coiulortable aud tbnlty
 Ilian any other peasantry in the world.
 His declaiatiou was based upou evi
 dence elicited by committees appointed
 by Uarliaiueut to inqune into the condi
 tion ot the colored people iu the Y\ est
 India islands. Mr. U. was 101 l owed by
 Henry YV. Johnson, of Canandaigua.
 Mr. Remand, wtio was announced, was
 not preseut.
 'lucre were some 1500 or 2000 per
 sons present. Ihe proceedings were
 conducted with entile decorum and pro
 priety throughout.— Jiintricun.
 The First of August. —The jubilee
 of the colored people yesterday pussed
 off witn much eclat, aud without any
 thing disagieeable occurring to mar tne
 general good feeling and happiness
 j which seemed to prevail among the par
 j ticipants in the celebration. The city
 was tilled with people of color, many ol
 them coining from a considerable dis
 tance, and all appearing very respect
 able.
 The procession passed through the
 streets at about 12 o’clock, led by Ad
 ams’ Baud, and with banners and the
 gay ribbons of the marshals, and the
 line attire of the ladies, both on foot
 and in carriages, made a fine appear
 ance.
 At the Square, speeches were mnde
 by Frederick Douglass, of this city,
 and H. YV. Johnson, of Canandaigua.
 Both were eloquent and appropriate to
 the occasion. Mr. Remond, who was
 expected to speak, did not arrive in time
 to take part in the exercises of the day.
 The following are the names of the
 officers of the meeting:
 President—James Sharpe, «f Ro
 chester.
 Vice Presidents—John Thompson,
 Geo.Wtire, Jas. W. Duffin, T. Dickey,
 T. Grant, R. Gordineer, L&gt;. N. Davi
 son, of Illinois, J. F. Platt, Rev. VV.
 Whatson, of Ohio, VVm. Bromley, E.
 L. Platt, YV.York, J. Green, 1. Jeffree,
 A. Cooper, of Pliila., H. P. Lucas, T.
 James, P. YVhite, YV. Johnson, H.
 Washington.
 Secretaries l J. B. Morris and Wm.
 C. Nell.
 The evening was spent according to
 the various tastes of the colored folks.
 The Fair and the Ball were each well
 attended, aud alike gratifying. Yester
 day was a great day, indeed, for the
 people of color.— Democrat.
 The Colored Celebattor Yes
 terday.—Tie annirersary ofthe eman
 cipation of the slave* ia the West In
 dies, was celebrated in our city by a
 large collection of the colored popula
 tion. In addition to those residing here,
 there were a considerable number from
 abroad, and amongst them a few from
 Canada.
 After a preliminary organization, a
 procession was formed under the direc
 tion of the Marshals, headed by Adams*
 Brass Band, and marched to Clinton
 Square The number in procession,
 ia carriages and on 6x4, wss some four
 or five hundred of both sexes. On one
 of the banners borne in the procession,
 we noticed the following: Ethiopia
 stretches forth her band* to God." On
 another, carried by (be colored chil
 dren, were the words, Knowledge is
 power;” while oa a third, was a well
 executed representation of the Cross,
 over which was inscribed, With this
 we overcome."
 The principal Address at the Square
 was made by Frederick Doug lass, edi
 tor of the North Star, and are av
 sared by those who were present, that
 it waa a creditable effort, though soa*-
 I what mixed with that bitterness which
 j is apt to characterize the speaker when
 contemplating tbs wrongs dona bis
 brethren by the curse of slavery—
 the foulest blot that reset upon our (air
 fame.
 f Altar the exercises at the ffquarw.
 'the pncamion again brand and re
 t twrar-d t~ ffwrnhareh, wham they ware
 tbsmisaml. Email bins passed oil in
 admirable order. Ah
 and the weal the at
 moat harmony. Throughout the day
 and t —rrg iadUvidnals in attendance
 1,, 'll A ..o*-
JOHN DICK, Pvaumißß.
WHOLE NO.—BB.
ruling btck «o 4 forth, viewing the
 city and enjoying dim freedom in the
 highest degree. We fnnt that the
 peculiar institution,” the overthrow
 j ot they met to commemorate,
 n *y not be extended over broad acres
 and fertile lands bow free from its stain.
 —•ddterltatr
 CelesAatiOx or Avgust Ist
 This event passed off on Tuesday last
 in a manner gratifying to all apeclafori
 and participants. The procession was
 numerous, the address eloquent and ap
 propriate, and the conduct of (he active
 participants such as to draw oot appro
 batory remarks from those who have
 before ridiculed like celebrations. We
 j believe that all who witnessed the ex
 excises of Tuesday, mast acknowledge
 that a change is public sentiment bat
 j taken place even within one year.
 YVe noticed at the Square a good repre
 sentation of all sorts of people,(and the
 only instance of blackguardism that we
 coaki note, emanated from the Roches
 ter Courier office, as the colored people
 passed, and from that source we might
 expect anything but gentlemanlike con
 duct, for that concern has nothing to
 lose in the estimation of good citizens.
 The day will be remembered by our
 citizens with pleasure, and we would
 express an humble w ish that our fourth
 of July might in ail future time be as
 orderly and appropriately celebrated by
 our white friends, as was the first of
 August by onr colored citizens.—Ab
 tional Reformer.
 tTHAT K TO BECOME OF LAXARe
 TINE f
 The London Times of July 10th, hns
 the following reflection touching this
 subject:
 “A strange spectacle is visible at this
 moment in Tar is—a spectacle not only
 stiaoge, hot inexpressibly touching.—
 There is a man in that capital of friv
 olify and revolutions, who has, within
 the Compass of a lew weeks, expert
 tnced all the perils and vicissitudes of
 I statesmanship. Yesterday, he was re
 vert need almost to idolatry; to-day, ho
 is shunned as if the touch of his hand
 or the sound of his voice were contam-
 I inating—yesterday, he was the glory of
 the republic; to day he is the victim.
 Who is this man? He is the poet
 j whose s«ul was intoxicated with the
 I beauty of freedom, and from whose lips
 1 c»me those words of eloquence which
 only a day or two back thrilled through
 the beau of Christendom.
 “Every citizen of Trance felt U*
 I sincerity of this toWa .enthusiasm—it
 was attested, indeed, hyfthe purity, the
 j consistency, and the dignity of a wholfe
 life. And it is again*! this man, “un
 der whose nostrils/’ to use an expres
 sion lately uttered by the Hentaine, “she
 had recently burned the last grain of
 her incense”—it is against this man that
 the slanders of all parties in the repub
 lic are now directed, ns by a species of
 unanimity. It is upon his head that the
 jealousies of all—legitimists, commun
 j Bonapailists, the carriers, the
 I bourgeoiae, and the aristocrats are be
 mg poured out to-day like asheg. It j«
 against him that the obloquies of the
 j Parisians are being thrown unstinting]/,
 i if to afford to future historans a new
 and unparalleled example of the mutft
 j bility of political fortunes, of the vicis
 situdes of popularity, and the fickleness
 of the people.
 “But there is doubtless reason for
 this sudden charge in the opinions of
 French citizens. Oh, yes! there ars
 reasons. When it was said, after the
 first insurrection, that Lsin&amp;rtine had
 conspired with the insurgents of the
 15th of May, Lamartine himself an
 swered that accusation from the tribune
 of the National Assembly, he said—ev
 erybody remembers it, Yes! I have
 conspired with those men—l have con
 spired with them as the lightning con
 doctor conspires with the thunder
 cloud!” The metaphor Was splendid,
 and has been verified by events. The
 lightning conductor of the revolution,
 otherwise the fame of Lamartine has
 been melted, warped, literally blasted,
 by carrying off the terrible electricity
 of the conspiracies. To shield France
 from peril, the poet statesman called
 down upon his head the lightnioga of
 terrorism. Lamartine has secured the
 salvation of the republic, but only by
 the sacrifice of his immense and magni
 ficent popularity. As has been nobly
 said already of this great man, by ona
 speaking from the opposite side of the
 Channel, “M. de Lamartine was no!
 actuated by ambition, but was a patriot
 to the extent of self-sacrifice; he con
 sented, with his eyes open, to pulvarix#*
 his name, in order that be might pre
 serve the National Assembly/* Thai
 is the explanation of this otherwise in
 explicable problem—that is the solution
 ot the enigma of the downfall of the ex
 ecutive commission—that is the clue
 which can alone guide our reason thro’
 the labannth ol these tgtraordinery
 and bewildering occurrence*. Hubert#
 there have been only whispering# t#d
 inaendoea ia deprecation of Laamrttoe's
 character, and, in s Musi on I# these
 tame whispers sad louendoeS, he has
 himself thus written to the ConatUß
 lionnel: Thera is no answer, there in
 only a cry of ind.gnatica »kicb rises
 from the bottom of my soul, and wfeiefc
 pray yoa s imply to register.” Ulti
 mately the troth wifi be revealed; bat
 meanwhile, to Alphoaao de Lamartine
 himself, ia tbo midst of his undeserved
 'draoUtinn, can fancy that that
 oMHtmfai verse must semetune# recar
 j waist he wrote ie the garden ef Getb
 t semens, on the dean of hit young
 deejrbterr
 1 fr -wo
 •heula h« a garmeel wens
 aext to the haoio—too many ssmL
 imaheeqfoofc af* FT*
 tL
"
