"FftKDtXHI fWittfl, f
 M K DCLA3V.
VOL. I. NO. IV.
Thf NORTH STIR i* published ever
 Friday, at No. W, flutl.rlo Street,
 (fiftpMti the Arrrtrft.)
 TERM#.
 Two rkdtar* per aa ihdi. «/nuvi aJrart't. N
 •übsrrijKi« wiM 1* received for 4 k-»* (mo itia
 «IX HOHldll.
 Advertisements fW*t excee img ten bn''* irmert*
 three timer* f.«r one dollar; every suimeijueut inKi
 lion, twenty-five rent*.
 The object of ttoe North »t*h til lx- («»attar
 81. vr.RV in ail it* Grow an 1 aspect*; u i vocal
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the stamlar
 of Pen Lie Morality promote the m .ral and in
 teUrrtnsil improvement of tlie Colored People
 and hasten th- day of I'RKKDOM to the Thru
 Million* of our Eoumu Fellow Cork
 mail.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 *FT All eomtnunirati ms relating to the buonm
 ituUtert of the fiajxrr, names of xufw t iber*, remit
 tance*. It"- «U &gt;»Lt U; ad treated t» WiLtMM f
 Nr.f 1, I’dNithrc.
 {0- A-*..- irt*. an! all otlit*rs sending name*, air
 r«|ue*tc I to he accurate, an I give tile P*t OJfi f,
 the Ciuntf/, an 1 tin* Otnte. Eaelt SuVcrdier is im
 toe liatelv credited f &gt;r rn-mry received.
 (jCje Anv person sending 111 the (Kty inent for foul
 •uhttrribcrs, to L- fnwarik' l to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 (0- Ail letter* and communications must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.—R. F. Walcutt,2l,Comhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; HoratioVV.
 Foster, Lowell; Janie* N. Bu'fuin, Lynn; George
 Evans, \V orcester Bourne .Spooner, Plymouth;
 &lt;liarlc&gt; 11. Seth, Springfield David liugglcs,
 Northampton.
 Maine.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Robinson, Nurtli Fcr
 risburg.
 Connecticut.—Jonathan Leonard. Meriden.
 IN’ew II a MP'iiiH r.—Weare Tappan, Bra Iford.
 New York. —Sydney H. &lt;iav, 112, Nassau
 Street; James M -Cune Smith, 93, West Broadway
 Joseph Post, Westburv, &lt;iueen County Mary Har
 per, Album Elias Mace Ion; Willetts Kerse,
 Peru, Clinton County; VViiiiauiS. Balt iiunre, Troy.
 Rhode Island. —Ainaranrv Paine, Providenre.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’Kim, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Pliila letphia; G, W. ti'tiiies, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; 11. Vasliwi, B. Bonn, Pittsburg;
 W illiarn Whipjter, Columbia; Isaac Kolx-rts, Jacolj
 L. Pax "i, Norristown, M nit joinery County.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; G. 3\
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harvey sburgh,
 Warren County; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Mi chid an.—Ribeit Banks, Detroit.
 LAW OF NEWSPAPERS.
 1. Sulwerilx-rs who do not give express notice to
 the contrary., are considered as wishing to continue
 their subscriptions.
 2. If suhs-ribers order the discontinuance of their
 papers, the publishers may continue to send until all
 arrearages are paid.
 3. If sulwcrilrcrs neglect or refuse to take their
 pajiers from the oftCe to wliirh they are djrecte 1, they
 are held re sponsible till they settle their bill and order
 their papers to lie discontinued.
 4. If Kiibs-ribers move to other places without
 informing the publisher, and their |Kiper is sent to
 the f. jr.ner ilnertinn, they are led i responsible.
 5. The courts have decile l that refusing to take
 neu spap -r or icrindir.il from tli-• office, or removing
 and leaving it uncallud for, is pruna facte evidence ol
 intentnri'il frawi.
 Rem nv it.*.—ln giving notice of a change of
 resi IcAce, lx* sun- and state the Post Office to which
 the paper lia* formerly been sent.
THE NORTH STAR.
 ROCHESTER, JANUARY 21. 1848.
POLITICAL.
 HONOR TO JOHN GORHAM
 PALFREY.
 The following article from the Boston
 Courier, we have reason to believe, is from
 the pen of Charier Sumner, Esq., of Boston:
 The feeling with which Mr. Palfrey’s
 c mrse in Congress was at first regard
 ed by many persons, seems to be yield
 ing rapidly to a calmer mood. Passion
 is subsiding. Reason is beginning to
 assert her control. With reason comes
 justice. And there are not a few now
 who regret the intemperance of con
 demnation into which they were plunged
 by the unchecked prejudices of party.
 It is pleasant to observe these changes,
 and especially lo note the expressions
 of candor which How from the better
 natures of men. It is not to be dis
 guised. however, that there is still much
 •difference of opinion. The politicians
 out-and-out, thick and thin hacks of
 partv —with some rare excepti &gt;ns, con
 demn Mr. Palfrey. There are others,
 who, while regretting that he was not
 able to vote according to their convic
 tions, vet confess their admiration of his
 ,'tinmnVss, and their gratitude for his
 hiigfc example of an unyielding devotion
 itu the conviction ol duty. There are
 others «ull particularly beyond the
 ■pressure of Button opinions, w ho regard
 ..Lis course with unqualified approbation
 and confidence. In the present lull of
 disturbing passions, it may be proper to
 cons der the character of his votes in
 order to sec how they should be justly
 regarded.
 Ths first was on the Speakership
 Mr. Palfrey voted against Mr. W in
 throp. In doing so, he sacrificed the
 satisfaction which he would doubtless
 Jhave derived from aiding in the eleva
 tion of a son of Massachusetts, as well
 as n personal friend. The sentiment of
 State pride (a motive of very humble
 character) ami of friendship, w ere dis
 regarded. And why? Briefly, for want
 of confidence in Mr. Winthrop on cer
 tain matters deemed to be ofhigher im
 portance than any vure party sweats
 Mr. Palfrey is earnestly opposed to the
 Mexican war. He knew Mr. Winthi op
 had voted for the bill, by which it was
 recognized, and by which the dread
 powers of war w ere placed in the hands
 of the President. He knew that on the
 floor of Congress, Mr. Winthrop had
 promised to vote supplies for the prose
 cution of the war, to obtain peace by
 the sword, lie knew that, while many
 prominent w ings had publicly regretted
 their support of the Winthrop
 had failed to relimjufstfTna early error.
 In ahorfr Mr. Palfrey knew that Mr.
 Wmlhrop, unlike his colleagues of the
 Massachusetts delegation, was ranked
 in that anomalous body sometime*
 known as War Whigs.’ 1 Could an
 earnest and uncompromising opponent
 of the war be expected to aid in en
 trusting to his hands the organization o
 the House, destined to affect so mate
 rially the great issues of peace 01
 war?
THE NORTH STAR.
r But st ill further, Mr. Palfrey is op
 posed to the extension “f slavery. H*
 is also m favor of tfu' peculiar Mas
 sachusetts measures which have sooflei
 been discussed in our common wcalt.i,
 and on which oar Legislature ha« de-
 I dared itself by most explicit resolu
 turns, viz: the abolition of slavery in
 the District of Columbia, the protection
 of our free black fellow citizens in the
 ports of South Carolina and Louisiana,
 and the constitutional restraint of the
 slave power.’ Mr. Palfrey did not re
 gard these resolutions as mere words.’
 lie considered them as binding. His
 own intimate convictions were in har
 mony with them. He placed obedience
 to them above any mere party success.
 It was known that Mr. Winthrop, du
 ring his service in Congress, had inad
 i equably represented the sentiment vi
 I these resolutions—and that he had hes
 itated to grapple with the monster evil
 which they w ere intending to reach. It
 was known that he declared his unwil
 lingness to make the extension of sla
 very a test question; and that by this
 very declaration he had opened the door
 to the insidious spirit of compromise.—
 Mr. Palfrey doubtless felt that such a
 person would not wield the high power
 of Speaker in a manner calculated to
 promote those measures which he re
 garded as of suah paramount impor
 tance.
 In his views, Mr. Palfrey must have
 felt sustained by the opinions of the
 larger part of. his constituents. He
 was selected with reference to his pe
 culiar’ sentiments on the war and sla
 very. It was through the favor which
 those sentiments found, that he was
 chosen at a time when, probably, no
 other person calling himself a W hig
 could have been elected in his district.
 His constituents expressly said to him,
 Beware of compromises.’ They charg
 ed him expressly to watch the two
 questions of the war and slavery— to
 be ever true, firm and indexible, on all
 matters by which these might be af
 fected. Mr. Palfrey assumed his new
 duties, as is well known, with great re
 luctance, but with the determination to
 discharge them firmly, laboriously, up
 rightly, without fear or favor, or hope
 of reward.
 In voting against Mr. Winthrop, he
 declined to follow the dictation of par
 ty; but he testified his loyalty to his
 own convictions of duty, and to those
 sentiments which first commended him
 to his constituents, and which they re
 cognized at the time of his election,
 as cardinal principles, higher than
 party.
 The objections to this course are
 two-fold; first, that he interfered with
 the election of a son of Massachusetts.
 But this objection is petty and evanes
 cent, when we think that 'principles
 not men,* is the proper rule of political
 conduct. The second objection is, that
 he endangered the success of the W big
 party in the organization of the House,
 and indirectly promoted the cause ol the
 Democratic candidate. This has been
 so often repeated by politicians, that
 many careful persons, not especially fa
 miliar with the exact state of things at
 Washington, have received it as true.
 It is, however, a mistake. The Demo
 cratic party was in a fixed minority. It
 could not have succeeded, except by
 the treachery of Whigs in voting for
 their candidate. It was, doubtless, the
 hope of Mr. Palfrey and many others,
 if the opposition to Mr. Winthrop had
 prevailed, to rally in support of Mr.
 Caleb B. Smith, of Indiana, a gentle
 man possessing largely the confidence
 of the Whig party, and of the most de
 cided opinions on the subject of the war
 and slavery. If it should be said that
 he could not have received the support
 of the so-called Southern Whigs, the
 answer is two-fold; first this cannot be
 certainly known until tried; and second,
 if they had opposed his election, as it is
 supposed they would have done, in or
 der to protect slavery, they would have
 amply shielded by their example those
 Northern members, who voted against
 Mr. Winthrop in order to protect Peace
 and Freedom. But it is not necessary
 to venture into speculation on this head.
 .Vo Democratic candidate could have
 been elected. This was seen and virtu
 ally confessed by Mr. Holmes, a Dem
 ocrat of South Carolina, who left the
 House on the third ballot, and thus aid
 ed in the election of Mr. Winthrop. If
 there had been any hope of the election
 of a Democrat, by protracting the dif
 ference among the Whigs, w'ould t a
 Democratic member have helped Mr.,
 Winthrop? Clearly not. Mr. Hollaed
 is a wise slaveholder, and he distinctly
 «aw that the chances of his own party
 were desperate—and out of his ow n
 party he preferred —not Mr. Smith, but
 Mr. W inthrop.
 It might be added, however, that even
 if the final success of a W big candi
 date hud been endangered, ya conclu
 sion which is denied,) yet Mr. PaLrSJ
 could hardly be asked to sacrifice his
 cherished convictions. He might justly
 say, I will support hig candidates
 so long as they represent my principles
 and those of mv constituents, but no
 longer.” And he might well inquire,
 if the greater good would not accrue to
 the cause of truth, even bv a solitary
 and unsuccessful maintenance of his
 principles, than by any surrender to the
 policy of party, or the constraint of a
 regular nomination. The firm upholder
 of Truth, although he stands alone,
 awakens respect —oftentimes a senti
 ment akin to reverence. In ceasing to
 be a vulgar fraction of a party, he be
 comes a «mij, giving “the world assur
 ance of a man.’* A new influence
 attaches to his name, and his acts de
 rive unwonted force from his peculiar
 ;and, perhaps, controlling position.
 From this survey it seems clear that
 I Mr. Palfrey’s vote against Mr. Win
 throp docs nut afford any just ground
RIGHT OF NO SEX-THI’TH T* OF NO nnirm-&lt;*lo 1* TIIK FATHER OK F« ALL. AM* ALL Wl \RK. BRETHREN
for censure. Those who do not cor
 d.ally approve it, cannot, with pro
 priety, condemn the act, when all tin
 circumstances are considered w hich an
 connected with it.
 It has been said, however, that hi:
 vote in favor of Mr. Campbell, a slave
 holder, for clerk, was inconsistent witl
 his opposition to Mr. Winthrop. Thi.«
 is a mistake. The clerk has no influ
 ence over the appo ntinc.it ot' commi;-
 tees. He cannot in any sajr affeci
 these two. matters —the war and sla
 very, which Mr. Fallrey was especially
 charged by his constituents to watch
 Mr. Palfrey has not subscribed to the
 dogma of the Liberty party, never tc
 vote for a slaveholder.” His principle
 is, never to vote for a person who
 may interfere with his principles.'
 There is no reason, tfieref&gt; in th‘a
 cn«e, why he should not follow the lead
 of his party.
 But his vote against the \Y big can
 didate, for postmaster of the House,
 seems to have aroused more angry
 feelings than even that on the Speaker
 ship. Is it not stranger The otlice ol
 postmaster of the House is humble
 enough. Its salary is not large; its
 duties are irresponsible and petty. It
 is understeod, that Mr. Palfrey, when
 he became Secretary of our Common
 wealth, determined for himself the rule
 of conduct which guided him on this
 occasion. He declined to use his in
 fluence in dismissing from office under
 him any persons who were faithtul in
 the discharge of their duties, merely on
 grounds of a difference of political opin
 ions. This* rule certainly commends
 itself to all, whose sense of justice is
 not entirely benumbed by party. It
 ought to win applause especially of
 the Whigs, representing, as they pro
 fess, the better sentiments of the com
 munity, and sharply condemning that
 system which is maintained by the
 cohesive attraction of public plun
 der.” It is proper, that, with a change
 of policy, as indicated by a change of
 parties, the important functionaries who
 may impress their peculiar opinions up
 on the country, should be changed.
 But it is not just or proper that the
 humbler office-holders, who cannot in
 any way influence those matters on
 which parties hinge, should be driven,
 with every political change, from the
 duties to which they have just become
 accustomed, and in this way, perhaps,
 be deprived of their daily bread. Party
 is tyrannical when it visits in this way
 the homes of the lowly and poor. It is
 as heartless as Herod murdering the
 Innocents.” In refusing to aid in en
 forcing the decree of King Caucus,
 against the humble and faithful officer
 of the H use, who was well known to
 he dependant upon his place for the
 means of support ot a large family,
 Mr. Palfrey acted in accordance with
 his course on a former occasion at
 home, and we think in harmony with
 the feelings of all w ho do not subscribe
 to the savage sentiment, that “to the
 victors belong the spoils.” For his
 single-handed oppositi ;n to the intro
 duction of this principle into the practice
 of the Whig paity, he deserves our
 best thanks.
 Who is there, after this review’ of
 Mr. Palfrey’s course, that is ready to
 cast the first stone? It appears, that,
 on the three different occasions which
 have been considered, he acted strictly
 in harmonv with his former opinions
 and conduct —opinions and conduct
 especially sanctioned by his constituents
 at the time of his election; that he acted
 under a high sense of duty, determined
 to be faithful to his conscience rather
 than to anv behests of party; that, on
 one of the important questions, he was
 guided by his uncompromising opposi
 tion to the Mexican war and slavery;
 while, on another, he was filled with
 the determination of doing his duty to
 a humble office-holder, even at the cost
 of great personal displeasure towards
 himself. Surely, such an example is
 worthy of regard. It is calculated to
 arrest the attention of the country. It
 may be the harbinger of a better pe
 riod, when the egotism of party shall
 be controlled, and adherence to prin
 ciples shall be regarded, rather than
 the political elevation of men. Such
 an example is worthy of Massachusetts,
 nurse of the men who, throughout our
 historv, have elevated the true cha
 racter of our country. It is one of her
 brightest possess ons, more precious far
 thau all the distinctions of office, or
 the rewards of politic al success. Hon Jr
 then, to Joun Gorham Palfrey; and
 may his country learn to prize the
 virtue which is inseparable from his
 name!
From tlie Massachusetts Qoarterly Review.
 CALHOUN —CLAY—WEBSTER—
 BENTON.
 BY THEODORE PARKER.
 What has been the conduct of the
 famuli* men of America? Great State
 smen are the mountains of the world
 which earliest show* the dawn, and la
 test hold the lingering rays of the de
 parting sun; foremost prophets of the
 day when morning promises to come
 most conservative of light when dark
 ness shrouds the vulgar plains. But
 great Politicians are but the steeples ol
 America, whose topmost summit bears
 j—a weathercock. There are, in Ame
 i rica, am'mg her children, four famous
 I men. We shall not now discuss their
 general merits,' nor attempt to decide
 whether they are politicians who inter
 -1 pret the interests of a party, or states
 men who incarnate principles in a na
 tion's life. These four tower far above
 the vulgar mass that drive a thriving
 trade in politics; are roost conspicuous
 men —beheld far off at sea. They have
 been long in pobhe life, and ail four
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY 21, 1818.
mav be deemed competitor* Tor the
 chair of the President.., hat has been
 their conduct Mr. Benton s poke nobly
 1 again«t annexation, and—voted for it;
 j voted also for the war. Mr. Calhoun—
 i so often superior to party ties—is the
 author of annexation, and voted for the
 war. These two belong to the party in
 power, and men might have looked for;
 their allegiance. The two others are
 hostile to the admini^ration: have they
 been hostile to the war? Mr. Clay is
 a private man —and therefore has not
 been called on to take any official stand
 in relation to this matft»r. But in De
 cember, 1846, at the celebration of a
 memorable event in American history, i
 he was tootled at table, and made a re
 ply, which was tku# reported in the
 newspapers at the tune: Alt ho’ lead-’
 ing a life of rctiregicM, i am not wholly
 unobservant of the proceedings relating
 to the condition, welfare, and prospects
 of our country. And when I saw
 around me to-night, Gen. Brooke, and
 other old friends, I felt half inclined to
 ask for some nook or comer in the army, i
 in which I might serve to avenge the
 wrongs done to my country. 1 have
 thought that 1 might yet be able to cap
 ture or slay a Mexican. I shall net be!
 able to do so, however, this year, but
 hope that success may still crown our
 gallant arms, and the war terminate in
 an honorable peace.” To add yet
 more to the shame of America, this!
 speech was delivered at the dinner of
 the Sons of New England, on the 22d
 December, met to celebrate the landing
 of the forefathers of New England on
 Plymouth rock. Poor men! in that
 puritanic blood of theirs, was there no
 tinge from the heart of the Pilgrims
 Could they not, on that day, amid the
 feasting, the wine, and the revelry,
 amid the politicians and the generals,
 and the ‘great applause,’ could they
 not for a moment think of those out
 casts of the world who came in the
 name of Justice to found a State Oh, I
 no. How could they think of that ?—i
 There stood one of the foremost men of j
 America, noping to ‘capture or slay a
 Mexican!’ the son of some woman that;
 never injured him—who might go down, j
 heart-broken, and refusing to be com
 forted, in sorrow to her grave. Alas—
 could he have known it—vain man, how
 soon is he doomed to weep at the in
 scrutable ways of Providence, by
 which his own son, the dear one, lies
 slain in battle—not slain by a great
 statesman, but by some vulgar bullet of
 a nameless soldier, who fought for his
 country, her altars and her homes,
 w-hile the American volunteer fell inglo
 rious and disgraced, a willing murder-,
 er, in that war so treacherous and so
 cruel. The father who had hoped to
 ‘slay a Mexican,’ shall find but sad'
 consolation kissing the cold lips of his;
 only son. Is Providence so ‘inscrut
 able?’ He who would deal death upon
 the sons of other men—shall he not ieel
 it in his own home?
 But the great champion of the north,
 that man of giant intellect w hich dwarfs!
 his thrqe competitors to littleness, him-!
 self perhaps unequalled among living}
 men in magnificence of understanding, I
 he who has stood on Plymouth rock,
 and his words which found a footing
 there, have gone as Pilgrims to he fore
 fathers of mighty deeds —at least in
 humbler men! How broke the thunders
 of that unequalled eloquence, which so
 oft before had shaken every heart t
 Did he thunder in the Senate, and
 lighten over all the land, till wondering s
 nations saw it from afar? Eet us look
 at this. He had condemned annexation. I
 It struck a blow at the influence of our
 institutions.
 Thank God, I did not slumber over that
 danger.’ He had condemned the war;
 it was, illegal,’ unconstitutional, un
 just a war of pretexts, a Presiden
 tial war;’ the President’s action was an
 ‘impeachable offence;’ the Mexicans
 were weak, distracted, the prey of mili
 tary tyrants. She has had nothing
 that deserved to be called a govern
 ment;’ and America is strong and uni
 ted. In making war, the President had
 very much nullified an important pro-,
 vision of the constitution.’ Vet Mr.
 Webster could say, at Philadelphia,:
 Dec. ‘id, 1846:
 Nevertheless, war i» upon us, ar
 mies are in the field, navies are upon
 the sea. We believe that the govern
 ment ought immediately, in an honora
 ble and satisfactory manner, to bring
 the war to a conclusion, if possible. *j
 B u t while the war lasts, [this j
 unjust and unconstitutional war,] while,
 soldiers are on the land and seamen on
 the sea, upholding the flag of our coun
 try, you feel, and I feel, and every
 American feels, that they must he suc
 cored and sustained. They
 have done honor to the country to which
 they belong. Where can we j
 look for such steadiness, calmness, bra
 very, and modesty, as in these volun
 teers? The most distinguished inci
 dents in the history of our country—of
 the good conduct of the militia—of new
 raised levies from am ngst the people,
 is. perhaps, that of the battle of Bunker
 Hill. I might go further,
 and say, that at Bunker Hill the newly
 raised levies and recruits sheltered
 themselves behind some temporary de
 fences, but at Monterey the volunteers
 assailed a fortified city.
 Nor was that all but the day before,
 addre&amp;aing a body of volunteers, mis
 guided young men, who had probably
 never considered the justice of the war,
 nor asked whether they were to fight
 for slavery or freedom —-he could cheer
 and encourage them to fight in a war
 which he declared illegal,’ and threat
 ened to impeach the President for be
 ginning could bid them go and uphold
 the stars of their country’s banner!
 Such was the conduct of that man on
 whom nature has lavished so prodigally
 her gifts —a kingly intellect and a heart
of noble make. In the Senate, what
 did he to end the war? to iinpearh tin*
 President? Nothing. So far a» oppo
 sition to the war is concerned, no
 in the wall could hare lain stiller or
 more snug. All winter he sat in hi
 seat busy—but with other things. The
 instigators of the invasion passed by
 and said, See, Webster is the friend of
 the war. Had he not a son invested in
 that enterprise?
 Such is the conduct of the four most
 eminent men of America. No oue ol
 them opposes the war. Does any one
 say a good word against it—he is sure
 to eat that word the next day. The war
 is thought 4 glorious* and called 1 patri
 otic men are bid to fight the vrar of
 their country, 4 right or wrong.' How
 few remember that to fight on the wrong
 side is to fight against the country! The
 glory* of the enterprise, what does it
 amount to? Why, if the United States
 were to conquer all Mexico, viewed as
 a military exploit, the glory of the deed
 would be nothing. As well might the
 Horse-guards of London claim glory,
 because they had chased a crowd of
 women from Billingsgate, and driven
 them up Ludgate hill. VVc make no
 doubt, that a private company for the
 conquest of Mexico might be got up in
 Boston, which iniwo years’ time would
 conquer the whole of that country, and
 keep it—perhaps for ever. The glory
 which twenty millions of ‘Anglo Saxons’
 are likely to get from conquering the
 miserable population of Mexico, is glo
 ry in the wrong column, even when
 looked at with the unscrupulous eye of
 a soldier. It seems surprising all men
 cannot see that such a glory is only a
 shame. One day the people must awa
 ken. Justice will at last hold a stern
 reckoning with the memories of our fa
 mous men.
SELECTION St
THE COLORED CONVENTION.
 REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE OX EDUCA
 TION.
 The committee appointed to make a
 report on the state and wants of educa
 ional privileges of the colored people, j
 uid the educational advantages of col-!
 jred persons in the United States, beg
 io report, that they have endeavored to
 consider the subject presented to them
 :o report upon, with that care and
 houghtfulness demanded by so impor
 ant a subject. So wide reaching is
 ;he theme, of such deep import viewed
 in every respect, that they feel fully
 conscious of their inability to meet it
 in the various important aspects in
 which it presents itself; yet, conscious
 af the importance of this subject, we
 present the following suggestions:
 1. In the first place, we would offer,;
 is a very important item in the consid
 eration of the question of education,
 and the advantages connected there
 with, the primeval duty of mental cul
 !ure, as involved in the fact of posses
 sing mental powers, which have been
 bestowed upon us by the Almighty. It
 is this consideration rightly viewed,!
 which presents the magnitude of this!
 subject, and the obligations arising!
 from it, in the most positive manner.
 The questionings and doubts expressed
 ever and anon, as to the importance of
 education, are here entirely stopped.
 All dubitation here is destroyed. In
 the very fact of being endowed with
 intellectual powers, God clearly signi
 fies that He intends that they shall be
 appropriated and developed. There is
 no waste, no superfluity in the econo
 my of God, viewed in any department.
 In the spheres of His government
 and agency, no agent whatever exists
 divorced from some special end and
 mission. Everything that lives, breathes
 aud exists as a sentiment of spiritual
 existence, was made and designed for
 growth; for developement; for expan
 sion; not for inactivity; not “to lie in
 dull abstraction and to rot,” did God
 bestow upon us the enlarged capacity
 of mind, and the noble powers of rea
 son. The talent of intellect was given
 to man to produce its proper fruits and
 its legitimate results, the same as any
 other talent he has bestowed upon us.
 The responsibility which God has thrown
 upon our moral being, and for which
 He will call us to account, is as weighty
 in this regard as any other for which
 we will have to answer when called to
 our proper account.
 The duty of colored men’s attending,
 then, with peculiar interest to the sub
 ject of education, is not a doubtful or a
 questionable one. It is a matter wound
 up in our very existence. It is involved
 in the very constitution given, us. The
 duty and responsibility are coincident
 with our very being.
 2. But how should this education
 among us be advanced? In what man
 ner should it be promoted What
 should be the spirit,—the controlling
 animus, of our endeavors to further it,
 and make it a common commodity?
 YVe reply here, the education of col
 ored men should not be dwarfed to the
 cribbed, the narrow thing it now is.
 The education of the mind of colored
 youth, up to this time, has been shame
 fully limited, contracted. In very deed,
 it has not reached the dignity and the
 elevation of education. It has been
 rudiment a! notings, and superficial
 glancing#. To comprehensiveness, it
 ■t has never yet made any pretensions;
 to profundity, not the most distant ap
 proach. la proof of this, we need but
 mention the fact, that our schools are
 of the commonest order among us
 throughout the Union; while it is indeed
 true, that in several places we see clear
 1 n«ut evident signs of amendment.
 I These facts should not longer be
 permitted to be existent. We are
 i bound to put forth efforts for enlarged
 advantages. Whatever Mesas sad
availabilities for iiM-nlal culture «an
 be obtained it i» our dutv to wei k and
 secure them. The nhiration mu
 pe«*|ik‘ should be carried «n in the most
 earnest manner, with the Urgt *t ex
 pectations, to the dc\elopement ol ail
 the powers, and by the appropriation
 of all the means that nature and schol
 arship may afford. There should be no
 stint, no contracted ness, nor prejudice
 to hinder in this respect. Nor should
 we fail to declare, that the old, stale
 objections, iterated on one side and an
 other, against classical learning, be
 cause it is Greek or Homan, is little
 and trifling. Whatever availabilities
 are within our reach, arc providentially
 afforded that we might use them; and,
 consequently, neither the stars iu the
 concave of the skies, nor the humble
 floweret of the vale, nor the sand upon
 the sea shore, arc to be despised &lt;k
 neglected, as means afl'oHed by the
 Almighty for culture and devt lopeinent.
 And so w hen a volume of science, or a
 relic of ancient wisdom, or a fragment
 of antique science or eruditi* n, i« pre
 sented, it is a means afforded by Prov
 idence for growth and intellectual ex
 pansion. And no man has a right to
 eschew any advantages afforded by
 nature or Providence, which is adapted
 to expand the intellect. And therefore,
 it is that all the works of genius,
 whether modern or ancient, whether
 the fruit of English or of Homan, of
 German or of Grecian minds, are to be
 thankfully received by us, and skill
 fully appropriated for the advancement
 of our children and ourselves, in scien
 tific, historical and classical learning.
 3. The committee beg to present the
 importance of education, from a con
 sideration of its necessity to a full and
 harmonious expression of the; man.—
 Our people can never be a people—
 the matured and grown men among us
 can never be men in one quarter, while
 there is nothing hut physical develop
 ment, as nmong our brethren in bonds;
 or w hile in another there is nothing hut
 religious expansion; or while in a third
 there may be nothing hut intellectual
 growth. Man is neither animal exis
 tence, nor a spiritual being, nor yet
 an intellectual creature alone. Put
 man is a compound being, a being ol
 mind, soul and body. And that is not
 a true development which pertains to
 one of these alone, to the neglect of
 the others; nor is he a full and com
 plete man who has one-sided develop
 ments. Now, this has been the fault
 of the culture of the colored race
 in this land. Our culture lias never
 yet anywhere, or at any time, been a
 full and harmonious one. Everywhere
 there has been an unnatural and inor
 dinate demand for physical exertion
 and, consequently, everywhere therr
 have been unnatural, inordinate phys
 ical developments. The religious de
 velopment among us has been but n
 creed, sufficiently uninformed, lacking
 the genial alloy of learning, scholar
 ship, and the light of erudition. The
 consequence has been, tnat while we
 are a hardy and vigorous race in the
 main; while we are a people accounted
 religious, we are lacking intelligence,
 scholarship and science: and, although,
 as it respects two elements of our
 being, we may compare with our fellow
 creatures around us, yet, in respect to
 the power, the force, and the authority
 of learning, w e are vastly inferior.
 Now, the history of the human spe
 cies evinces the fact, that a degraded
 people can never escape the degrada
 tion, and reach a position of equality,
 while there is a chance even for the
 imputation of inferiority. The reason
 ableness of such a charge is nothing to
 the blank vision of blind prejudice.—
 Argument will not sutfice. When ca
 pacity, undoubted capacity, is exhib
 ited, then, and then alone, will the
 contempt and the outrages, arising
 from actual or imagined inferiority,
 depart, even as the pageantry and the
 pomp of a dreamy revery is dispelled
 by a human being’s contact with the
 rigid aud severe duties of life.
 4. It now only remains that your
 committee should remark, that the
 remedy for the ills and evils of our
 present system of intellectual culture,
 are not non-existent in our midst. It
 is evident that it is not presented in
 our common school system, which it
 self is far from being complete and
 fully furnished. We have a general
 system of high-school instruction, w bieh
 is able to meet the genera! want. In
 a population of 400,000 people, we
 have two high-schools; one at Cincin
 nati, one at New York; neither of w hich
 will compare fovorably with the ordi
 nary high-schools established among
 the whites. The colleges of New Eng
 land and the West, which are opened
 to us, do not meet the needs of our
 people, because, first, there is no pre
 vious opportunity offered for that early,
 almost childish culture, which is abso
 lutely necessary to the formation of
 true high scholarship; and for which
 white children possess superabundant
 facilities. Second,—Our young men
 who do prepare themselves for college,
 are too poor to sustain themselves
 through a collegiate course; and while
 at college, are separated from their
 people, inasmuch a* there is no point
 of interest, or of contact, between the
 colleges of our country and the colored
 people of the Union; but rather the
 utmost distance. Thirdly,— Such U
 the force and urgency of caste, pene
 trating every phase of life, social, ec
 clesiastical, civil and domestic, that
 college life has its peculiar restraints
 to young men, thrown in the midst of
 hundreds, who have a concealed repug
 nance to colored men, and with few,
 and perhaps none, to sympathize.
 What, then, shall be done to remedy
 the evils now entailed W'hat to »n
 crease the number of students in the
 land?
mI4I 'lit I. ittiali
 IM K iimii
lIOI.K NO. IV.
I&lt;&gt; ihi*-qm-m n. arwh i. •»t
 tit* (h i im nil n« i mtk’tar*i&lt; t,
 voiir niiiHnillrr hi g pr» sent .h&gt; J*
 !ow «i g resolution*:
 KfMilir4, 1 hut the culture nf i)
 intellect, the during (he nil liul 4iid
 spiritual powers, the expansion and
 development ol' the highest and rarest
 gifts bestowed upon us by heaven, is
 the grandest of all callings—the noblest
 work of humanity; a work, when pro
 secuted by any people, significant of
 worth and character, and of a high
 dest ny in the future.
 K olved, That one of the best evi
 dent. of advancing civilization among
 a people, and, at the same time, of
 iheir manliness and capability, is the
 measure of solicitude exhibited m their
 midst, for intellectual improvement.
 Resolved, That the anxieties of col
 ored men in this! respect have sv
 lucked intensity, but have been repres
 sed; and that the seeming indifference
 in this respect has been but seeming,
 and not replete with truthful indica
 tions.
 Resolved, That_ having reached a
 position in civil and social condition,
 w here no hindrance exists to the highc*t
 aspirations, where no barriers ran pre
 vent the most enlarged development of
 desire, and its fullest expression, it be
 comes us as men to vindicate our in
 telligence and discrimination in this
 respect, and to use exertions to appro
 priate the best and fullest advantages
 for intelligent growth and scientific at
 tainments.
 Resolved, That the day of equality,
 heretofore, has been very considerably
 retarded by the lack of men enpabie in
 their own persons and their own ac
 quirements, to refute the imputation of
 inferiority, and to demonstrate the most
 enlarged capacity.
 Resolved, That the complete and
 entire extirpation of caste is dependent
 not alone upon the enunciation of prin
 ciples, hut likewise on the living repre
 sentation of the facts of mental Ability
 in our midst, and the entrance of capa
 ble colored men into every dc arfment
 of activity; their manifestation of un
 questioned power and energy in all the
 spheres of the ught, research and acti
 vity, where other men move and act.
 Resolved, That it is the opinion of
 this Convention, that the aim and en
 deavor of colored men should hence
 forth he to present an early generation
 &gt;f scholars, capable of trending tfm
 platform of science, erudition and learn
 ing, with as much conscious ability, a»
 any men in the land.
 Resolved, That in order to facilitate
 this design and object, it ia cxpedUnt
 that special means should be resort* d
 to, whereby the expense, the strange
 ness, the timidity and the restraint,
 which now limit the number of collegi
 ates from among us, may be neutralized
 and effectually remedied.
 Resolved, That the founding of a
 collegiate institution, on the manual
 abor plan, well endowed, placed in
 mine central position, is calculated to
 essen the restraint aiuHiuiidity, which
 nust long exist, from the existence of
 ;aste in social and consequently college
 ile; to eall forth larger numbers in the
 pathway of learning, ami to rouse a
 new spirit and temper among our peo
 ple, wholly favorable to learning and
 intellectual advance rnent.
 Therefore, Resolved, That this Ton-
 vent ion places before the colored peo
 ple of the l nited States, the founding
 ol a college, as its leading and most
 prominent object.
 Resolved, That a committee of twenty
 five he appointed, with full powers to
 devise a plan, and, if possible, to com
 mence obtaining subscriptions and
 funds, to designate proper and capable
 persons to conduct such an institution,
 to fix upon a site, and to make such
 other arrangements as may seem to
 them fit and proper, for the founding of
 a collegiate institution, where the facil
 ities of education of colored youth mav
 be abundantly increased, but which
 ♦ball not be exclusive; and this com
 nittee report to this convention at its
 next annual session.
 Alex. Cri mmeli.,
 Jas. M’CT.ne Smith.
 P. &lt;i. Smith.
 The following committee was ap
 pointed by the Convention, in accord*
 ance with the recommendation of the
 report:
 Troy Win. Rich.
 Jllhnmj Win. H. Topp, Stephen
 Myers, Moses Jackson.
 A Vic York —Win. A. Tyson, Charles
 L Reason, James M’Curie Smith,
 [ieorge T. Downing, John J. ZuiiJc,
 Albro Lyons, Samuel K. Corn.eh,
 Charles R. Ray, Alexander Crumim 11,
 Patrick 11. Reason, V. B. tdal,
 Christopher Rush, Toward V. Clark.
 Philadelphia —Joseph ’assey, W in.
 Douglass, James J. Bias, Stephen
 smith, Frederick A. 11 niton.
 //irif jrd —J. W\ C. Pennington.
 .Vcte Ifm n —Joseph Brow n, Amos
 J. He man.
 F rr«B fbr Liberator.
 ED.Mt.M) QIIXCY.
 My next duty is, to ackow ledge my
 leep indebtedness to Mr. (Quincy, for
 he very able and faithful manner in
 shich he has edited the Liberator for
 J*e last five months. Through Ins so
 licitude for my complete restoi ation to
 health, and hi« desire to afford me
 ample tunc to effect this desirable ob
 ject, 1 have had a genet©us respito
 from editorial care and labor, since iny
 return h&gt; me—though most anxious to
 relieve him at an earlier date, from
 the burden he so cheerfully assumed.
 This the third time he has enabled
 me to respond, by my personal pres
 ence, to the earnest cal! of anti-slavery
 friends abroad. During my absence
 on a Dor through W’estern New Vorh,
"
