"Notices.
A nan a l Meetißf.
 Thedth Annas! Meeting ef the Western
 Ahti-Slavcry Society will be held st Sa
 lem, Columbian* Co., on Wednesday, Thurs
 day, and Friday, the 16th, 17th, and 18th oi
 August, eoawaseciAg at 10 o'clock. A. M.
 Let a fall renrewntaueo of the slates’
 ftieede-come up on this occasion from *ll
 pans o;' tha Groat West. The political lead*
 era are marshalling their hosts for a conflict,
 ha;r followers are rallying by hundreds ol
 thousands to the support et their perty ben
 nera. Time, and money, and labor ate ex
 pended to secure tbetr object. And shall the
 Viends of freedom, whose Outh should he
 stiong in the power of Truth, be lukewarm
 and indifferent while politicians are so ear
 west in their labors, so untiring in their zeal 1
 The events of th» past year should encourage
 ue to renewed elfora, for every mov*»tactit ol
 mportancc w Inch has been made, hiring any
 bearing upon the question of slavery, fore
 shadow* the destruction of the system, and
 the oppressor* feel that it is so. The political
 parties will make a desperate effort to save
 themselves from the destruction their corrup
 tion has brought upou them; and the effort*
 of the abolitionists to maintain and enforce
 the Right should be proportionally great.—
 Arrangements should be made at the coming
 meeting to continue the ant i-sh very agitation
 by the lip* of the living speaker, and to ex
 tend more widely the circulation of ihc So
 defy paper—the Anti-Slavery Bugle,
 none of the friends who can be there, absent
 themselves fur any light cause, for the pre
 sence of all. end the cuuesel of all is tieaira
 ble.
 Besides the friends of Liberty in the West
 who will be present on the occasion, Henry
 C. Wright and Chas. C. Burleigh are ex
 pected to be in attendance, and perhaps oilier
 representative* of the Fast.
 LOT HOLMES, Rec Sec.
 THE (’ALL.
 THE GREAT NATIONAL CONVEN
 TION OF COLORED FREEMEN of the
 United States, will be held in Cleveland,
 Ohio, commencing on Wednesday, the sixth
 day of September next.
 Let the Colored Freemen all rally to this
 important gathering. This is a crisis, and
 something we must and will do f
 We hope to see the East, North, South
 and West, come up in one mighty, unbroken
 phalanx, to do battle for God and humanity
 Signed, by roquett of Illinois, Indiana,
 Michigan, and Ohio, (the Western pruts of|
 New \orlc and Pennsylvania being readv.)
 M. R. DELANY.
 Hamilton, Ohio, June 0, 1848.
 TO* Mystery, and all friendly papers, please
 copy.
 Defeat of the Compromise Bill.
 The bill for the organization of Govern
 ments in Oregon, California and New Mexico, j
 has been defeated in the House of Repre-!
 sentutives. It originated in the Senate,
 having been reported to that body by a select j
 committee of eight members.
 A motion was made to lay the bill upon
 the tabic—a summary mode of rejection, j
 This MOTION PREVAILED BY A VOTE OF IIS
 yeas to 97 nays—a majority of 15. A mo
 tion to reconsider was made, which failed by
 a majority of 18. The bill cannot therefore j
 be taken from the table during the present j
 session, and is LOST.
 The Washington correspondent of the N.
 Y. Express gives the following account of
 tho proceedings in the House:
 The bill was finally reached and read by
 its title.
 This done, one half of the members were
 probably upon the floor to submit a motion or
 obtain a hearing.
 Mr Boyd of Ky., as the successful compe
 titor, hoped the bill would be relened to the
 Committee of the whole, —he hoped, too,
 that it would pass, and trusted in Heaven, it
 the House would not pass it in its present
 shape, they would put it in a shape by which
 it might pass. He would warn men to be
 ware ol the consequences of the rejection of
 this bill, and of the account they would have
 to give to their constituents if they voted
 against it.
 Tne question was here called for, and Mr.
 Stephens of Ga., moved to lay upon the ta
 ble.
 Mr. Boyd said he had not yielded the floor,
 —but left it to!
 Mr. Me demand, of Illinois, who in the'
 same strain, called upon the House to pass
 the bill, or to coneider it. The House ac- j
 cording to the member was bound to pass this
 bill in order to give the people a good govern
 ment; otherwise tho territories might be
 without a government.
 Mr. Cleinand yielded.
 M. Smith, of la., was sure that a refer-!
 ence of this bill would do no good whatever.
 The bill before the House w ould not add to;
 the agnation in the House and the country.
 He regarded it as no compromise whatever,
 but rather as a measure for the extension ol
 slavery in the territories of New Mexico and j
 California. The House would have an op
 portunity to act upon this subject.—The!
 Committee oti Territories would report bills,
 and tho House would have an opportunity to
 «ct at a proper time. He hoped the House
 would do so before an adjournment. But for
 this Bill be cou;d not vote agreeably to hu&gt;
 pledge; he closed with a motion to fay upon
 the table, and for a call of the House.
 [The aisles of the floor and the area in
 front of the Speaker were covered w ith mem
 bers at this time, and an intense excitement
 pa vaded the Hall.
 Mr. Smith was urged to withdraw his
 motion by Mr. BavJy of Va., Mr Smith de
 cent d, and all sides of the House entreated
 him net to do so.
 Mr. Buyly vociferated unfair treatment,’
 foul play,” and other words not heard. He
 w*, however, put down amidst vociferous
 Of ea of order.”
 The Speaker said he would hear no motion.
 and put no question u,nnl order was teaioreu
 d members took their oeau.
 Order rtigntd for a uiue.
 Mr. McLane said the double motion foi a
 call of the Holsc,” and to Jay upon tht
 isMe,” was not in order.
 The Speaker maintained this decision, and
 the I’ltgly motion for a call ol the House.
 T ie Speaker aunouuced that two hundred
 sod nine membei* were present, and the call
 was suspended.
 Mr. Ashu.uu obtained the floor, but yiel-i
 ded it.
 Mr. Stephens was anxious for harmony
 nd for peace— most anxious—but he did hoi
 taliere this bill would bring it. There wen.
 provisions m the hill, winch hs coAd cot
 maintain, and which he regarded ss endanger
 lig the iotereoisof the South. Moreover, he
 thought this was not the lime to act upon this
 bill; and he was the more convinced cf thu
 f-onn th« stale of public feeling upon it. Lei
 tie bill be laid up**n the table. —Let Cengr«*&gt;
 s I jour a and this question be sstiied in t
 inter sod better moment.
 The motion to lay upon the table was put.
 and rsAukUd ss follows. Yeas, Hi, nays,
 t 7.
 The*vote was no sooner announced than a
 dozen members ruse to move a consideration.
 Mr. Pollock, of Fa., submitted the motion,
 •*d the yeas and nays were ordered. A mo
 uou followed to lay the proposed reconsiders-!
 *lOO upon the table. The yeee and pays were j
 ordered, a ad the vote was— yea* 114; nays,
 3®*
 More of a defeat than at first.
 [Mr- McLsne, of Md;, hesitated to rote
 far a long tune upon the bill, hut after a long
 oonvttfaauoo with the Pteeident’e Private
 Jfeereisry, gar* the vote agamst laying upou
 the table. The long pause before voueg the
 i uponsnen of the question, the breathless
 a marked interne*
of mm in thn hall. I mention it to now
 how Jjloo'Uy everything even &lt;r'e*tved.—
 übtit any vote ever caused no tiuch or sue!
 ioteww among the member*.}
 FREE STATES:
 DEMOCRATIC VOTER* AG* INST THE BILL.
 Bingham, Mich., Petrie, N. Y.
 Collin*, N. Y., Smart, Me.,
 Darling. Wisconsin, Smith, 111.,
 Farm, Ohio, Starkweather, X.\
 nm, Ohio, rßtm-
 Sammons, Me., Strong. Pa.,
 Henley, Ind., Thompson, Pa.,
 .Jenkins, N. Y., Thompson. lowa,
 I Laurence .N. Y. Thurston, R. 1.,
 Ivord, fCY Wentworth,lll.,
 Lvnde, \Yisronain, Wtlev, Me.,
 Maclay, N. Y.. Wiltnot. Pa.,
 McClelland, Mich., Lahm, Ohio,
 Nicoll, N. Y., Clapp, Me.—2B.
 j *lavcs states votes AGAINST THE BItL.
 Buekney. Ky., Stephens. Ga.,
 Trozier, Tenn., Adam*, Ky.,
 Donnell, N. C., Thompson, Ky.-7
 Pendleton, V*.,
 I w w m
 ABSENTEES.
 Chase, Tenn., Morse, La.,
 Curauuos, Ohio, Murphy, IN. Y.,
 Duncan, Ky., Phelpo, Mo.,
 Haskell, Tenn., Richey, Ohio,
 Hunt, N.'Y., Roman, Md.,
 Johnson. N. 11., Root, Ohio,
 lows, Wilson, N. H.,
 Litvin, Pa., Games, Ky.—l 6
 From the above yon will see that the Nor
 thern vote* alone could have laid the bill upor
 the table, and would hare done so had all the
 Southern members voted against laying upon
 the tabic.
 Every W.Yrg' from the Free Stales voted tc
 lay upon the table.
 Mr. Haskell, of Term., desired permission
 to lay the bill upon the tabl&gt;.
 Every member from New York voted
 against the Bill (to lay upon the table.) Ava
 burn Birdsall, Roa-in-law of Mr. Dickinson,
 alone excepted. These are among the
 intercsti !g incidents of the tote.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST 11, 1813.
Sulutatory.
 I congratulate myself on the pleasure of
 a return to duty, after seven months' absence,
 thereby enabling me the more effectually to
 assist in doing battl*, side by side with my
 able and unflinching colleague, who so ably
 has sustained the cause of justice and of right,
 against tyranny and oppression, the basest
 that has ever obscured the light of human
 vision. M. R. DEL ANY. j
 Sell-Elevation.
 Self-Elevation can only be effected by per
 sonal effort —each acting for himself. A
 friend may speak, assert and declare, endear
 oringto prove a third person entitled to all the j
 rights common to our nature but all this, in I
 itself, abstractly considered, proves nothing, j
 The proof rests with the third person, or sub-
 ject of the declamation, who alone can verify
 the truthfulness of the allegation.
 To prove ourselves equal, we must be able,
 in a measure—yea, really, to accomplish that
 which is accomplished by others—possess the
 ability to do that which is done by others.—
 To this end, it is necessary to possess the
 knowledge possessed by others.
 For this purpose, we must use the means
 used by others, without which our efforts
 must prove fruitless. To do this, will be to
 effect an cud. Every end must have a means,
 which means must be adequate to the end tq
 be accomplished.
 Our aim is elevation. By elevation, we
 mean entire equality to every right and privi
 lege to which man by nature is entitled.
 Equality, then, is an end which, according
 to the premises, must have its antecedent.—
 There cannot be an equality of persons, where
 there is not an equality of attainments. At
 tainment, then, is tue antecedent or means, by
 which the substantive, or end, equality, is to
 be attained. The means, then, we have pre
 mised, are knowledge, which knowledge con
 sists of something. It is, then, but necessary
 to learn the nature and character of this some
 thing—to possess a knowledge of the tiling
 itself.
 To this end, we must obtain literary ac
 quirements—a knowledge of the mechanic
 arts a knowledge of agriculture, mercantile
 business, the learned professions, as medicine,
 theology, and law, and all other attainments
 possessed by others.
 This, we do not mean to say, is necessary
 tor all of us but we wish distinctly to be un
 derstood, that we, in order to attain this
 equality, must posses* the attainments in a
 ratio proportionate to that of those w hom we
 contend with for equality. This can alone be
 effected by individual exertion—each acting
 for himself. Brethren, think of thia, and act.
 The Great National Convention.
 Never was there a time—nevor a. period,
 1 when action on the part ol American Colored
 Freemen, waa as loudly called for as the
 present.
 The world is in commotion—subjects are
 1 shaking down kingdoms, and asserting their
 j rights as mtizens —the right of aelf-govern
 ment. Serfs are, with manly bearing, repcll
 j ing the daring tyranny of their assumptive
 lordhngs and bondmen—yea, slaves, in the
 colonies of the Aauilaa, have risen up in the
 majesty of manhood, dashed into fragments
 the fragile remnants of that moat foul, mao
 debasing and heaven-daring scourge and curse
 of the human femriy—slavery. While this
 irresistible upheaving of the long-stifled lire
 of man soul is convulsing the whole earth,
 can we, the oppressed freemen of America,
 bearing burdens and wearing yokes much
 1 more grievous than those borne by many who
 i risen in *beir might and stood forth in
 fearless array, clothed wuh the proud panoply
 of the everlasting truth of the living God,
 that man wa* created in the image of hi*
 Creator," eaaaotmiiy drruic, to high and holy
 purposes, to hare sod hold, in common, do
 minion over the earth—over all inferior csea
 md being*, created a little lower than the
 angels”—can we rest content, unshaken, un
 moved—passing through the thrilling scenes
 1 as unconcerned as the usurped cx T
 Colored Freeman of America’—mao and
 brethren! if ever there was a period in which
 the assembled wisdom of a people was re
 quired, that period is new. Never in the
 history of the human family was them e fee*
 pie ao singularly situated, and unfavorably
 conditioned. Though in our native land,
 having interests in common with, fled inse
 parable from, others identified as are are
 with the doings of every act ie society, either
 Church or State, vet denied every privilege
Whatever prfo&amp;gcs we may enjoy, the;
 arc granted to tis a* a favor, and not a light
 by those wb»» bear rale over us. Thowgh wt
 readily comply with the taxation and tributi
 demanded of oa to all departments of tin
 municipal provisoes, *ull do we occupy I
 position in society, to oar common country, ai
 nothing note than nonentitm. Turn tom
 face* in every direction, whithersoever yot
 may, and where is there a pariah, county, oi
 ungle corporation, in which the Africo-Ame
 rican is entirely free free in the civil meamnj
 of the term—free potiucaJly—free to the fuli
 enjoyment of al) those rights and privilege!
 common to American citizens Not oce.
 They let u*, each and every one, deter
 mine aa men. that we will no longer be slaves,
 but on the sixth day of Septpmber, from the
 South, West, East and North, shall be found
 in Convention, in Cleveland, Ohto, assembled
 by hundreds, to devise measures for the furth
 erance of our elevation.
 Woman’* Rights Convention.
 A Convention for investigating the wrong!
 I daily perpetrated against the footsie portion o!
 society by reason of erroneous customs anci
 j barbarous laws, a full official report of whidi
 will be found on the ootside of this week’i
 issue, met in this city on Wednesday morn
 jing. the 9d mst., in the Unitarian Church
 North Fitzhogh st. We are sickened with tht
 continual childish objections, offered by those,
 too, who cill themselves tmn, against tht
 rights- of woman to an equal share of all llie
 j privileges to which man by nature is entitled.
 The cause, the means and arguments,which
 have for centuries oppressed and degraded
 the colored man in America, have, in all ages
 j and countries, robbed woman of her dearest
 rights, nuking her subservient to another’s
 will.
 Inferiority by natnre —incapacity for self
 -1 government—the necessity of having a guar
 dian, or one to “take care of them,” are
 among the manv objections urged by their op
 posers—objections unsustained by a single
 truth—aa lame and frivolous as they are im
 peitinent and insulting.
 They tell us that in all her faculties, moral
 ly, mentally and physically, woman displays
 inferior developments to man. Were this
 true, which, as a general rule, we may, for
 argument\it?ake. grant, it would prove nothing
 more than the legitimate effects of the absence
 of a proper education of those faculties which,
 in man, are educated to their utmost ca
 pacity.
 Doubtless, indeed, is it whether any num
 ber of men could be found who could excel
 those ladies in the propriety and wisdom of
 their deliberation. Among them, and niust
 prominent, could be seen the ever-present, un
 tiring, and amiable philanthropist, Lucretia
 Mott, like a goddess in sacred councils, dcjliv
 2ring advice for the benefit of her sex, \\:fy&gt;se
 words fell like the inklings of divine inspira
 tion. Mrs. Sanford, of Michigan, a lady of
 high order of intellect; Elizabeth M’Clintick,
 of Seneca Fails, a talented, promising voting
 lady, and Elizabeth C. Stanton, of the sortie
 place, a noble representative of her s*s, an
 excellent woman and tree philanthropist;
 Rhoda DeGarmo, one of the best of.wompn
 all stood up in defence of their rights, com
 bating error and rebuking wrong.
 Mrs. Abigail Bush, President of the Con
 vention, did great credit to the office —presid
 ing with much dignity, as well as the other
 excellent ladies, Laura Murray, Catharine A.
 F. Stebbins, and Surah L. Hallo well, who
 assisted as A ice-President and Secretaries.
 The time cannot be far distant u hen this
 monstrous wrong w ill be remedied, and woman
 testored to her dignity.
 Ladies’ Anti-Slavery Fair.
 We are happy to be able to state that we
 learn that the colored ladies of Cincinnati and
 Columbus, Ohio, are about entering into some
 measures preparatory to the holding of An
 nual Anti Slavery Fairs, ot Bazaars, the pro
 ceeds of which will be appropriated to the
 North Star, similar to those yearly held in
 Boston, for the support of the Anti-Slavery
 cause, particularly the sustenance of the Lib
 erator and Anti-Slavery Standard.
 A friend recently wrote to us, inquiring
 what proportion ox how much of the proceeds
 of the great annual Bazaars go to the support
 of the North Star. We now, for the informa
 tion of that much interested friend, answer
 that and ail other inquiries, we wish it to be
 distinctly understood, that there ia no part
 whatever of the pioceeds of these Fairs or Ba
 zaars goes to the support of the North Star.
 Ol this we do not complain, for the best of
 reasons. Those Fairs were got up by the
 Anti-Slavery ladies w ho sympathize with the
 doctrines of the American Anti-Slavery Soci
 ety, the principles advocated by the Liberator
 and Standard, long before the existence of the
 Star, which papers are the organs ot that
 society; and although we are members of
 the society, our paper is eotirely independent
 of it, end we control. Hence, although an
 Anti-Slavery paper, sympathizing with the
 American Anti-Slavery Society, did ever we
 receive anything from the proceeds of those
 F airs, it would come as a favor and not a
 right, (t is by this means those excellent pa
 pers are sustained.
 We do not look up to the ladies of the
 American Anti-Slavery Society, but should
 we desire assistance from any such source, 11
 will be mainly to the colond Anti-Slavery
 ladies we shall look fnr such assistance.
 For this end, we wunld suggest the forma
 tion of societies in different cities, to be known
 aa societies for the moral elevation of the col
 ored people, tiie ladies of whom shall hold
 annual Bazaars, si radar to those held in
 Boston.
 For this, s great degiee of industry is ne
 cessary. The ladies must bold their weekly
 fireside meetings, to devae the best ways and
 means for the -unbersßee of the object.—
 Fancy eitielea, articles of wearing apparel,
 and needle-work of every descuption, sie
 among the articles which constitute these Ba
 zaars. There is no end thgt can be obtained
 without the application of the means neces
 sary one of the great mesne by which we
 are to ha elevated, is a good end effimeat
 newspaper, w«U sustained. Aa tbe Sue we
 •mood shall be such a paper, we am so lee*
 durmiaai it ebwll he sustained j braes, ear
 perseverance. With os, them i&gt; ae such
 thing aa fail— we are folly sufficient for the
 thffir. What others do, we are certain we
 can—this we will.
 crlt you wall to t.otf tniogdmmoj.fol
 mammUamriimaeariftM
Tit Bilals nm twisi.
 Bepstt I'liUrfllfc
 “"'‘“itep'ir*-]
 Me. Dick Although 1 left Rochester at
 three o'clock yesterday afternoon, auch waa
 the extent of the train, every seat and nook
 of which being 1 crowded with people, we did
 not attire here deal eleven o'clock hat night;
 thaadisappointing hundreds ef anxious spec
 tator a, who had filled the church, and staid
 until ten o'clock, looking for us, according to
 previous appointment.
 The following persons eonadtnte the officers
 of the Convention President, Cbae. Frncis
 Adams, (son of the venerable J. Q Vice-
 Presidents —John Miller, Connecticut; D. L.
 Rodgers, New Jersey; E. D. Gaxaam, Penn
 sylraoia I. W. Wright. Indians; B. Kjb
 bon, Wisconsin Mr. Miller, Iowa; R. Gor
 don, Maryland G. Craigg, Virginia; R. H.
 Danforth, Rhode island; A. H. Dixon, Del
 aware L. P. Noble, of Columbia;
 Mr. Spindler. The Venaent, Near kurk,
 Illinois, Michigan, and Missouri delegations
 not yet having made their nominations up to
 the time of writing.
 The principal speakers are Messrs. Earl, of
 Mass.; Gan. Nye, qf N. Y. Husband, N.
 Y. 11. B. Stanton, N. Y. President Ma
 han, Oberlin Wade, N. Y.; Dr. Snodgrass,
 Md. Gen. Miller, O.; Lovejoy, and others.
 I see also among tuef mass, Ed. Smith, J. R.
 Giddings, S. P. Chase, Mr. Briggs. J. A.
 Mills, Jr., and other prominent persons.
 It is not among the least forebodings of the
 great lushing event, that S. R. Ward, Capt.
 Malvin, Henry Bibb, and other colored gen
 tlemen, are among the lecognixed delegates
 of this mighty national gathering; and this
 morning, one of the speakers alluded to Fred
 erick Douglass as one of the great instruments
 by which this event was brought about, when
 there went up three cheers for FYedencA Doug
 lass.
 The President, C. Francis Adams, is at this
 moment speaking—the Park filled to its ut
 most capacity, 'and the great avenue, Main j
 street, crowded from end to end with strang
 ers—delegates who cannot get even within
 bearing of speakers.
 This is truly a mighty up-gushing of the 1
 long pent up waters, which have just found
 vent through the channel of truth and justice.
 Neither of us has yet spoken, hut both may.
 We hold a meeting to-night in the Methodist
 Church, in lieu of the disappointment.
 Yours for liberty to all mankind,
 M. R. D.
 P. S.—Ward and Bibb have spoken.— 1
 Douglass has been loudly called for, but at
 present declines.
 BufrALo, Aug. Bth, 1818.
 7 o'clock, evening.
 The great Convention- met this eve ning in
 preliminary mass at the big tent in the patk.
 Many calls for speakers from the crowd but
 none appealed lor a time, the people were
 coming—kept coming—the city swarms with*
 strangers; every hotel, every boarding-house,
 steam-boats, main street, the by-ways, pri- j
 rate families are all fofl, crowded and jammed.
 The cars come laden w ith freemen—the steam-!
 boats from the West are crammed with live j
 men—meetings til night cn the boat.-.—it a
 one revel for freedom—men are mad and they j
 don't know exactly what about, but much is
 said of the Slave power the Slave power
 the Slave power
 Mr. Bibb, a fugitive from Detroit, address
 ed the Convention. He is a light mulatto,
 intelligent and a fine speaker.
 Mr. Jesneoan, (Whig) of Indiana, spoke i
 with power for an hour, discussing the Pro- i
 vise, Constitution anJ the Slave power.
 Mr. Gilover, (a Barn-burner,) was called
 and spoke one hour and a half. Mr. G., an- j
 nounced the Bth of August overling, as the j
 Anniversary of the introduction of the Wilmot j
 Proviso in the House, which Proviso and its
 history he discussed at length.
 S. P. Chase of Cincinnati, was called and
 spoke an hour. Mr. C., is a strong man and
 drove home with great power the Proviso
 principle upon the Constitution.
 J. A. Briggs Esq. of Cleveland, next came
 and although it was 10 o’clock, he thought
 they would'nt go home till morning. Mr.
 8., is always musical and racy—said many
 spicy pungent things.
 The meeting adjourned at a late hour. All
 yetis confusion and doubt—things look Van
 Buren-wise with a broad platform against the
 Slave power. Ohio is strong for Hale and
 Giiidimgs. At the announcement of whose
 names the meeting gave three cheers, loud
 and long for Hale and Oiddin'GS. Union
 Union! against the Slave power, is the cry.
 Aug. 9th, 8 o'clock.—The mass assembled
 in the tent, and the first man who could get
 it took the chair. Lewis Clark, the fugi
 tive, was called on, and addressed the meet
 ing an hour, showing up the slave power
 with force and ability.
 Ma. Miller, of Vermont, was next called
 out. He has the biggest gab of aey man in
 the Convention, and bit big mouth went off
 for freedom of itself: be simply opened it.
 Mr. M. s remarks were plain to the point—
 eloquent, pungent, and went home with force
 to the hearts of the vaat auditory, who
 shouted loud and long.
 F. Docglass was loudly called, but bis
 diseased throat prerented him from respond
 ing.
 Ma. Earl, of Worcester, Mass,, earn 3 for
 ward. and read a report from J. M. Boots, i
 showing that Gen. Taylor had pledged him
 self against the Proviso, and Manned that hit
 normnaitoe was t fmud.
 Ma. Nye, of Madison county, Barnburner,
 was next called, and with "dearness and great
 force reviewed the position of the country as
 touching freedom; welcomed Md., Va., aod
 Del., which States are said to be represented
 in the Convention.
 J osar a D. Hcsbakds, of Rochester, Barn
 burner.—His father was from Barbedaes
 Island, sad s slaveholder, it is believed. Mr.
 Husbands is sn eloquent speaker, sad takes
 high ground in favor ef the slave—reoogniaea
 him as e man, and proposes to meet him and
 hia rights as a man. He annoences the name
 of the world-renowned Frederick Douglass,
 the fugitive, %nd aqw editor of tbs North
 Star, of Rochester. A great about wwt ap
 for Duegtasa, f Mr. R goes for Utuoo, Frs
 *««uiy, end \Mt* sent against (be time
 H. B. St AUTOS!, foe ehysnl liberty
 Pnrty anan, n brave a md and n big. heart,
Convention, who irggvw holding preliminary
 meeting* in vaoooa place* by State*, will
 meet at 18 o’clock, and than a regular insur
 rection Will begin among the people againal
 the slave power. Mr. Stanton goes for
 Liberty—l' rnoa—Fraternity. To this the
 people shout, and declare, not anothet inch of
 slave territory shall ever be added to the
 Union.
 Pres. Mir an, of Oberlin, was called, and
 spoke half aa hour, but the general confusion
 prerented hit being heard. The stand gave
 way, and upset man, repea tern, beys, and
 about all, and finally thp meeting adjourned
 to the four corners of the Park, while the
 stand is repaired. Many speeches were de
 livered during the repairs.
 At 13 o'clock, Mr. Sawyer, of Oliio, was
 appointed Chairman pro tern., and called the
 meeting to order. Secretaries were chosen,
 and Preston King, of N. Y., came to the
 stand, and reported a basis of a permanent
 organization, and a Committee of ooe from
 each State, was chosen, to Teport officers for
 the Convention.
 After a scene of confusion rather agreeable,
 during a speech from Samvel R. Ward, the
 celebrated colored oTator, in which he declar
 ed in favor of free soil women &amp;c.,
 and, also from Owen Lovejoy, on various
 topics—Mr. Chase of Ohio, was chosen tem
 porary Chairman to produce older, but it
 seemed to operate the reverse.
 Preston King, Chairman of Committee
 on organization, presents the name of C.
 F. Adams of Mass., for President. Commit
 tee of 2— Chase and Rath burn appointed to
 inform him. Mr. Adams, is on the stand and
 is greeted by cheers.
 Secretaries,
 C. V. Dter,
 Tkos. Bolton,
 R. Catlin,
 J. E. Snodgrass,
 A. M. Johnson,
 T. Tavlor,
 Ma. Adams speaks to the Convention;
 asks their aid to make hi» labor light; says,
 we are assembled from a principle, and do
 sires harmony of action, and sees in tire mass
 before him the response to that principle.
 Says the time has come for a test, and thinks
 it v, ill be had at this election, and we shall
 show the world that we arc not going to give 1
 up the control of Government unto the South.
 Old pirty organizations are unworthy uf a
 free people** confidence.
 Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, is called, and is
 greeted with loud and long cheers; says, if
 J. Q. Adams could h ive lived to see this hour
 and Convention, he would have said, as one
 ol old said, Now let thy servant depart in j
 peace, for mine eyes have seen thy salvation.” j
 Mr. G. alluded to the landing of the May-
 flower on Plymouth Ruck, and the Dutch i
 ship, in the same year, landing in Jamestown, j
 loaded with the sighs and groans of humanity, j
 and were sold; and from that hour the two
 antagonistic principles have gone on, shooting
 their roots downward, and bearing fruit up
 ward, till we found ourselves surrounded by
 an overshadowing power—moulding our laws J
 —guiding our armies, and absorbing the North J
 into her Maelstrom of rnui and death. Mr.
 G. spoke of the late Whig party, and be
 wailed the political death of Mr. Clay; said
 he died by the hands of the slave power;
 (Did the Liberty party kill kim and still 1
 thought him right, and for being so, he was
 defeated in Philadelphia; ami Van Huron
 having been rti the same boat, was also upset i
 by that hoary-headed power that bids defiance
 to the North. Mr. G.'s remarks were at j
 limes eloquent, arid elicited a deep response
 and when he alluded to his facing his foes, he j
 said he felt at home but now‘he niissed his
 sword, and faltered ia this battle among
 friends.
 Mi. G. introduced Mr. Crtvea, of N. Y.,
 who spoke with point and pith—denounced
 the slave power—denied any guarantees of 1
 the Constitution in favor of Slavery—of Gid’
 ding's censure in the House—Lovejoy's death
 by the hand of a mob, and a deep response
 went up for that noble martyr's blood, who
 died for the defence of the press, guaranteed
 by the Constitution speaks of the death
 blight of slavery on the soil alluded to Vir- j
 ginian desolation, and her land smitten with
 mildew by the pestiferous breath of the
 blighter. lie pictures the fugitive, Hying
 from the South by the light of the North
 Star, sleeping by day and flying by night from
 the hounds on his track and at last we see
 him land across the Niagara in free Canada,!
 shoaling, “Freedom! I am free!” Pic
 tures Adams presenting petitions, and South
 Carolina kicking Mr. Hoar from her borders.
 The Committee on Resolutions is announc
 ed. They look, so far as 1 know, towards a j
 Barnburner nomination, which will probably
 be made by taking some less obnoxious man
 than Van Buren, and run a Whig with him. j
 All, however, is doubt as to the man.
 B. F. Butler is introduced. He is a
 clean-faced man —speaks well—recant* no
 errors, but proposes u&gt; do right in future—
 goes strong tor the Proviso, the Declaration
 again*! the South, sod confining slavery where
 it is. G o'clock, evening.
 Woodstock Institute.
 We were favored by a call by Dr. Lorenzo
 Sabin, who has been on business East, and
 acting as a financial agent of Woodstock
 Institute.’*
 We were pleased to see the Doctor and
 [earn of the naming prospects before them j
 but utterly decline giving our lufluencs in
 favor of tbs project, as ooe of the editors, the
 person who pe ts this article, having once been
 feceived in that project by Mr. Prior Foeter
 erho wss (bin, as he now is, General AgenJ
 •f the Institute, and to all appearance the I
 principal person, until Mr. Foster answers j
 uttisfactorily the inquiries so frequently made
 xmceraiog his Con nsr course in this matter, j
 We speak adneadly when we say there is
 s wrong—a deep and abiding wrong, lurking
 n this matter, aod fcr be it from os to endorse
 Mwfc doings. W* say again, before we css
 five credence to tbs doings of this Institute,
 Mr. Faster mast give the wuhJWeion demand
 'd- We once accepted of aa Agency is that
 aattar, and declined in Serve, after baring ez
 bqoka, accounts, dfcc., seeing ifce high
 W 4 with which the game wss ifcfad.'’
 87 The Hus. Horace Maas fcfl» ear
 basks far s copy 4 tbs report, is rwUV
 bna. af hm skis speech as the gapvuf Cm*
 frees to exclude sieve territory from the
Imposters.
 the Attention at our readem to the
 following note. We deem it of importance,
 |m it gives timely warning against impostors,
 too many of whom now flood our country as
 “Agents for benevolent objects. We regret
 j th: not appear sooner.—Ex*.
 i Toronto, July 14, IS4B.
 Mr. Editor Sir Last evenings at a
 fCjrular monthly and quarterly meeting of the
 j Dmish American Anti-Slavery Society, it was
 j TCS °l ve 'l that any person or persons going from
 Canada to the United States, or elsewhere,
 on a mission to beg money, except they hare
 authority from some denomination or from the
 British American Anti-Slavery Socieiv, the
 public should be aware of them. lam au
 ,sh &gt;rized by the Society to forward this to
 you for publication, and desiis you to request
 other papers to publish the same.
 JAMES D. LINSLEY,
 Sec y of the B. American A. S. Society.!
 j Strike and Riot.— The Philadelphia Sun
 has, information, hy telegraph, that Alleghany
 .city, near Pittsburgh, Pa., was a scene of
 lireat excitement ou the 31st of July, in con
 sequence of a riot among the factory opera
 tives. A strike had taken place to force the
 mill proprietors to let the4en hour law go into
 operation. Some of the operatives had re
 sumed work in the Pennsylvania mills, ms
 withstanding the owners refused to grant tneir
 demands, and in consequence, the other mal
 contents attacked the mill, broke the doors and
 windows, and finally dispersed the sheriff 's
 pos*e, called out to suppress the outbreak.—
 The sheriff, and several of the police officers,
 and other peisons, are reported to have been
 badly hurt. The operatives, it is said,gained
 the day, and fears were entertained that they
 would proceed to further violence. They
 were, at the last account*, in possession of the
 null.
 We think the operatives in the Pittsburgh
 mills, the factory girls and their friends, carry
 their claims to too great an extent, as in such
 casts nothing can be expected by violence.— j
 We sympathize with the operatives in the
 justness of that for which they ask—time,
 simply time but disagree with them, ia the
 means used to obtain it. The strikers should
 persist in huTdingout, though needy they may
 be, and thns-compel the employers to comply
 with their terms but should any operatives
 choose to work, the effort to compel them to
 desist is worse than the oppression com
 plained of.
 Facts ir the Like ok (its. Tailor, the
 Cuba Bloodhound Importer, the extensive Slave
 holder, and the Hero of the Mexican War. By
 Charges Stiarsj. For sale by Bela Marsh,
 25 Comhifl, Boston.
 A copy of this little vrerk haa been sent u».
 Let every Taylor man read it, and learn the
 character of him whom he would elevate to
 the Presidency. Let every conscientious and
 humane rnan, of wha.ever party, road it, and
 have his hatred deepened of the abominations
 of war and slavery, of which Zachary Taylor
 is a notable personification.
 Looking Up.
 We are highly pleased to learn that Mr.
 G. W. Guinea, of Philadelphia, favorably
 known as one of the first barbers in that city,
 has retired from the former business, and
 established an extensive Intelligence and
 Agency Office. The papers speak in high
 terms of Mr. G hues’ prospects. We hate
 always looked upon Coines, as well as manv
 otti3 v having been intended by nature for
 a bjttc cviiing th o ih snap and brush.
 Wives and Disbands. —A wife should lie
 obedient to the husband to ail things a hus
 band should be obedient to the wife in all
 tilings therefore, to be husband and wife, i&amp;
 mutually to agree m all things—love, affec
 tion, and harmony abounding in the house
 hold.
 ITT 3 With pleasure we announce the visit
 to our city of Rev. W. W. Watson and lady,
 of Cincinnati, Ohio. Mr. Watson spent with
 us the first of August, lie was chosen one
 of the Vice-Presidents, and also acted Chap
 lain of the day, sojourning with us two or
 three days alter. The tune and occasion were
 one long to be remembered.
 Errata. —In the letter of M. R. D. written
 from Cleveland, in describing the location of
 Detroit, the paragraph should have read thus:
 “In a great district of coumry, including
 Detroit, which was originally a French settle
 ment, the lands were laid off into farms, two
 acres wide, beginning at the margin of the
 river, extending three milee back. This ar
 rangement was established for the parpoee of
 giving each family fishing privileges in the
 Detroit,” ii. c.
 Without this correction, the description
 would neither be an item of news, nor intelli
 gently undei stood.
 dF The New York True Sun says that
 i»ur Volunteers have returned from Mexico,
 covered with glory.—and with but very little
 else.
 Domestic Slavs Trade— At a recent
 term of the U. S. circuit court at Newport,
 me grand jury presented the domestic slave
 trade as a nuisance. Judge Wimdbury very
 pertinently iwiuired of them, under what
 statute of the Umied States tney proposed to
 try the offence f —Procidmce Journal.
 Immigrants.—There arrived at New York
 during the month of May, 32.977 immigrants,
 at the rate of ueaily 400,000 per annum. Of
 these, there were from Germany, 11,036,
 Ireland, 15,539; England, 3,771; Scot
 land 999; France, 5®4; Holland, 526;
 Swu*.;rland, 193 Italy, 16; West Indies,
 39; Spain, 69; Denmark, 7; Walea, 207.
 lbe arrivals for the previous month were
 14,931.
 A Mistake.—Two bearded Brazilians, who
 landed at Cork last week, were surprised by a
 vi»u irotn a deputation of Repealers, who had
 mistaken them for Lamartine and Ledru Rnl
 itn!—British Banner.
 Donations for the 3«tb Star
 John Mott, Wilhumson, 50
 0. fl. Uth-m, Seneca Falla, 200
 Willett Vaete, Peru, 100
 Susan Anthony,Coventry, R. L 200
 J. U Barker, Providence, 500
 Phiiada. Female Society, •00
 O. B. Suthain, 200
 Harvey Cheat, Valley Fails, 300
 M. Blake, bndgewaiex, £2OO
 W. Brown, 44 I 0«
 M-ry Brown, 44 100
 Lucy B -wq, 4 t 0 0
 Jh. 10 0
 B*r#*u, Croydon, v 100
 J. J. Freeman, Luadoo, 10 0
 Gmtft Tahoe, ikamuae, 10 0
 Jane f timer, y 100
 Joha Haim, q
 J. HsaAiys Parry, London, 10 0
 --Often, o
Bathing*
 There is probably do luxury equal to—ear*
 tain we are, there is none so conducive la
 health as that of buthing. Tl a imly bath,
 especially fur children, should be in every
 family, as conformable as that of washing the
 face it really ts as neceseary.
 The one is conformed to as a matter of cue*
 torn—pride, it may be. m aome; while the
 other is much neglected, even by thoee who,
 in other respects, have quite a pride n per*
 sonal appearance. Not a few then are of
 both sexes, who have no hoattaocy ie span
 tvely asserting, in the presence of fnirada,
 that they have not bathed their person fiw
 w«eks— even months! If the above premia*
 be true, which we aver, is it a woodev that
 mankind has fallen heir to disease 1
 The application of cold water to the shiny
 while it disgorges the pores of all extraneous
 matter, either accidental or coociete porous
 diw’ja gee, from its astringent properties,
 (cold water is an ostrmgtni when to applied,)
 closes the pores, thereby preventing the con
 traction of cold, which ensues by irritation of
 the delicate membraneous structure, and pro
 duces a free circulation of the fluids. This
 most valuable though simple operation, ex
 pands the muscles, strengthens the tendons,
 and gives health and vigor to the nervous sys
 tem. It heightens our sensibilities, quickens
 perception, and elevates the mind giving a
 superior tone to the whole person, morally,
 intellectually, and physically while, indeed,
 as premised, it is an antidote to the greater
 part of diseases te which the human system is
 subject.
 Nor is there an excuse because of the ab
 sence of bathing fixtures. This deficiency
 can be remedied, however humble, in every
 family. Adopt tbs common wash-tub, half
 filled with water, into which the children
 each should be daily plunged; adults using
 vessels of the same kind.
 For conteniency, they may stand either in
 or out of the water, applying a saturated
 crarsc towel, rubbing well ihe skin for five or
 ten minutes. This can easily be conformed
 to in the bed-chamber of every family. Wo
 men and men both should become the subjects
 of this saored luxury, at least onoe a week,
 though it should be daily. We are not of that
 class of moralists and reformers who. Yielding
 to the frivolous formality of false delicacy and
 mock-modesty, would stay oar opinions at the
 extravagant expense of misery and hums*
 suffering. We shall, from time to lime, say
 much on this important subject.
 Zachary Taylor a Poltcamist.—Milton
 Clark, a fugitive slave, said, at a meeting im
 Northampton, Muss., that Gen. Ta&gt;lor owned
 200 slaves, 75 of whom were his wives. One
 °f the audience remarked, Zachary is an
 Old Testamc tU Christian
 IDT T-lihu Burrit recenlly delivered a lec
 ture in Exeter Hall, London, on the Pbi!
 osophy of Labor.” The large room, which
 is cabbie of accommodating about 5,000, w a*
 crowded to excess. Ilis sentiment* were re
 ceived with enthusiasm byi the immense au
 dience.
 ITT" St. Croix, (one of the Danish West In
 dia Islands,) is in a state of siege, ai;d undur
 mutual law.
 A Freedom leb was recently formed in
 W me stcr and five days after, a majority t»f
 all ibe \olers in tliai city had signed—thereby
 pledging themselves not to rote lor Cass or
 lay lor. ihe fcfV says. More than two
 thirds of ail the voters ol Wuicester arc- free
 Soil men.”
 rj J Llthu Burrit is engaged in promoting
 arrangements for a Peace Convention, to bo
 held in Paris.
 IDP Suspicious are rn'eitained in Spain,
 that Queen Dowager Christina, and the Nar
 vaez Cabinet, seat at least 100,000/ of the
 public money to foment the late rebellion in
 Paris.
 Dreadful Massacre. Seventy Chippc
 way Indians were lately massacred, while out
 on a Lsbing excursion, by a war party of
 Sioux.
 Growth or Londojt n the course of a
 brief conversation in the House of Commons
 upon the metropolitan police rate, the curious
 tact was elicited that the streets of London
 had increased upon an aggregate length of no
 less than two hundred miles between 1630
 and 1343, or at the rate of about twelve mile*
 of street per annum.
 Longevity.—Mrs. Mary Bacon, aged one
 hundred and eight years, died in Providence
 on Monday afternoon last.
 ITT Among the passengers by the Europa,
 is our distinguished countryman Ralph Waldo
 Emerson, who has been on a lecturing tour to
 England and Scotland.
 JO* The revenue from customs for the last
 fiacal year terminating with the 30th of June,
 averaged thirty-two millions.
 ID*William Haxlitt Mitchell, Esq., brother
 of the Irish Clou,” arrived in Bouton last
 Saturday, and put up at the Revere House.
 C VAro **A-’«. Eaq. lata Editor
 c icwuiur, at Louisville, Ky., is iaiv
 connected with the Herald at Cincinnati,
 through whose columns he will exert i£e ip- 1
 fluence of a w arm heart and vigorous pen up
 on the great moral and political questions df
 our time. Blackstone Chronicle.
 Methodist Efiscopal South.—
 The statistics of the snnAial, conferences oftjie
 Southern Methodist Episcopal Church, jmt
 published, give white members, 334*660; col
 ored, |£7;*4sK itinerant preachers, 1,400;
 local preachers, 3,143.
 My nr met A li.—Letter* from Alexandria
 of the STiih of June, state that Mehemit Al»
 had become insane, and that hie ineamty ia ev
 ery day becoming more serious. He attj,
 however, ie permitted 19 waft out twice a day.
 Something New.— a new journal m sheet
 to appear in bmdoa, under the patronage of
 Messrs. Cutset and Metternich. It w to be
 edled the London Spectator. The proe
 peetu* of the puhheation has appeared, and
 is attributed hi M. Guirpl
 KT The Detroit Free Frees nonces the
 •nival there of the first pg of copper made
 from the ores of the S.upervur nuns*.
 Tee Potato Rot has appeared spoo
 Island, where wbelo flefcfc are wihtng.
 M*uy of the farmers are cutting efftfcetefd,
 with the hope of prsaenuig them step*.
TO CX&gt;IUIE»**W IHS?iIB.
 A. P. A., Hwtfcri. CW-‘TW fmpm mm*
 mm mum Ummj Umimm (ekfai? mhm*,) to
 Um Sfvifeft, te to
 f l'uhmUlii !?3£***
 ,1- ;a ,V. ,i, 1 _
"
