"(Communications.
Cincinnati CurrMpon^acc.
 EoltofS: —Agreeably to promise
 1 n&lt; w proceed t»&gt; give you aome account o
 dmne* m tK»r Western Queen. Politician
 h.-rc ate dumb-foundered.atnick withaatootah
 nieot and awe. The political borrxm wear
 a checkered bus here and there may be eeei
 •treaka of red and black, bearing ocninoe
 p esages of fearful catastrophe. The attrolo
 gert turn over their musty pages, but fiix
 therein no soliurj line by w hich to clearh
 prognosticate the I'utuie. The friends of Caw
 appear to be very much cast down, whilst tin
 Taylor men are cutting their coatt agreeably
 to the doth. Still, I should not be much sur
 prised if, with all the awomaoce of the Taylor.
 s &gt;me of them should be unable to hide then
 nakedness.
 For tbs last three cf four days, out colored
 cotnrnuniiy baa been thrown into someu bat ol
 an excitement. It appears that some eight or
 ten slaves took into their heads a disposition
 (those contracted by the cunning art of Na
 ture) to try the realities of that liberty w hich
 the F.ench have been fighting so hard for,
 •nd the Americans boasting so loudly of.—
 Well, sure enough, with this same natural
 disposition which poor human nature is prone
 &lt;o, they left their good and pious master,
 (who, by the way, is a deacon in a church,)
 and fled towards the Northern lights. There
 are other uses of the North Star besides pi
 loting the sailot on the mighty deep. They
 landed on the Ohio banks on Friday morning,
 three miles below ihe city. There they en
 countered an honest Dutchman, bearing vege
 tables to market. How much to haul us in
 your cart!” said the spokesman of the fugi
 tives. a tall, eagle-eyed looking fellow, with
 strong determination traced upon his sable
 brow. Nothing, more than you are able to
 give,” said the honest German. He saw the
 haggard eyes, the parched lips, the lacerated
 f:ct of the women and children around him,
 »od hts heart yearned with kindness. Why
 should they suffer so much for liberty, if they
 are so happy and contented in slavery 1
 The arrived in the city, and as Providence
 would have it, they fell into the hands of the
 confraternity, who immediately struck for the
 under-railway—a road known to none but
 (hose initiated into the mysteries of Syble.—
 On Saturday, hot and heavy, came the blood
 hounds in quest of their prey—bowie-knives
 in their pockets, and revolvers in their hats.
 Onward marched the invincible myrmidons, to
 make an attack on a worthy old gentleman
 lby the name of Burges—a man, too, that is a
 -cripple. Here they made some very boister
 ous, chivalrous, and Soul hern-like threats,
 which.ever and anon the old man replied by
 (he shake of his crutch. They then repaired,
 afi- r recruiting their numbers with the assist
 ance of a horse-stable bullv by the name of
 Jtyder, to the residence of Mr. William Ca
 se v. Here tit-v .y,r threo of them held Mr,
 Cuev, wt le tb3 rctUjatchel the premises.
 Tncy told hup Jhey were hunting horse
 (loeves. Cstfey tu!J ihe.c they lied they
 were looking lor slaves,; hut .they never
 would »'ie them unlest they could£.ce to D&gt;
 (run from Ciucuiuati.
 Here -lie women began go gather tteuni
 from adjoining houses, umil the Amazons
 were about equal to iho Myrmidons—the ,lwr
 iiner with shovels, to igs, wash-boards ant 1
 rolling-pins the latter, with tUmi revul urs
 sword-canes and bowie-knives. Finally,
 however, without coming to blovs,.the be
 siegers decamped, leav;gg the Amazons i;i
 possession of tbr (it id the jeers and loud
 huzzas of the cccwd, fur many were the curi
 ajus spectators there to vvitu the fearful en
 counter! On Monday, 4 o'clock, they gath
 ered around the school-house kept by Mr.
 Childs, formerly ty Mr. Giluiore. They
 wished to search his premises without a war
 rant. This he refused to suffer. What’s
 the reason you can’t lei us search, you darned
 abolitionist?” inquired a luihunlv, dirty-look
 ing Kentuckian, who appeared u&gt; be a white
 •lave of the Deacon. Gentlemen, if you
 are Looking for any property you have lost,
 you may search my house without a war
 rant.” Well, then, sir,” said the Deacon,
 “let us go in and look for those negroes.—
 They are my property as much so $s your
 cow or your horse are your property.” Upon
 saying this, two or three of them made a step
 or two towards the door. Hold, gentlemen,
 if you please if you break that door, you do
 it at your peril. You n?ust suffer me to differ
 with you, sirs. I am one of those strange,
 yet natural kipd of men, who cannot believe
 that property cat’, consist ro man. Therefore,
 I command you not to enter my house for if
 a slave should be there concealed, the which I
 do not aver, I should be accessary to the cap
 ture of that slave, if you should iitid it there.’’
 Here a fellow cried out at the top of his
 lungs, “La's surround thi house;” and 1
 away they scattered, ioidi one way, .and
 some another, until they had quite surround
 ed.it.
 Then, could some wit have seen them
 crawling under the school-house, amidst dirt,
 fl.-as, hogs, and rata, wkich, as disturbed by 1
 the Kentuckians, broke forth from their “own
 •jeluded dwelling.”
 O' tjraJ some power the giftie gie us,
 ’to tec ouraeU as oilier* nee us!"
 Amid the laughter and jeers of the crowd,
 l »ey sneaked off quite chop-fallen.
 Ttie ladies have commenced holding a fair
 in bethel Chutch, to raise money to build i.
 n ;w church, much larger than the old one.—
 7 k e lr u Vfc ry hue af/air, by the way, if
 beauty, wii, and merriment can make it so.—
 ,Gud b-esa the ladies of Cincinnati! they are
 ahead in every -jood WOfk No mope
 Ywur cincjnnatus.
 CttCWSATI, July 3, 1&amp;48
 ,,w UaCMCR.O., July 4.
 Fwcmd Dotcx-aits —I promised Mr. De-'
 lany, when I subscribed for the North Star at
 Cincinnati, that on my arrival hum-, I would'
 wrue you oecaatonally eooceming our pro
 frea*. 4» tl&gt;* rain has prevented our goingi
 into the baivaet 6sU to-d*y, I tho.gbt it
 would not be amiss to yi) down aad udk with
 th«*e afar off who are laboring for the to
 demption of the downtrodden and oppressed.
 T h colored people here are giving the lie
 to the eld, ought-to-be worn out dogma,
 4 *The niggers can’t take oar* of themselves.”
 You are probably aware that the Mercer
 peunty Settlement in Ohio was settled pnder
 cueemofiooea mom unfavorable. When my
 moved here about ten years it was
an almost unbroken forest for several mile
 around. We bad to go about thirty miles fc
 prm isiors, and then par an uncommonly big
 price for fh I mcotiob throe fact* to shot
 we are an wi .'prising people, 6»r none «*the
 (hunter* excepted) will undertake the inevita
 b!e hard slope »n the settlement of a ner
 country.
 In 1839, there were only nine families re
 siding bnre. and most of them came that year
 The united number of colored people «u di
 more than forty. The land cleared was nn
 more than forty acres; and most of this clearei
 by squatters,” w ho came here to hunt, &amp;c
 Wc boast now of sixty or seTcnty familie
 of us, industrious and intelligent individual
 as the »uirouuding country can afford. Os
 of this number of actual settlers, there an
 not more than half a dozen heads of familie*
 but what own from forty acres of land to fin
 or mx times this amount. There arc very feu
 farms lest than twenty acres of land, ant
 many twice this amount. I will not dwel
 upon this point, as we have Croat time to tinit
 published these fact*.
 I now say, without fear of authentic con
 tradiciion, that in point of iutclligence am
 mental improvement, the colored people o
 Mcrccr county ate fir w advance of the sur
 rounding whites. In agriculture and mechan
 ism, the whites are not ahead, though they
 have had every advantage. We have the best
 total abstinence society in the country, and
 the best library of books in North-western
 Ohio. Tin library was obtained from Mr.
 Charles Whipple, of Newburvport, Mass.—
 lie gave it as a present to the settlement.
 The circumstance* concerning this present,
 and why it was given, I may give you some
 other time.
 The Randolph excitement has not deterred
 us from oui onward and upward march to
 useful improvements. We are earnest and
 uccoropremising in the cause of suffering hu
 manity. The panting fugitive is always a
 welcome visitor here, and a cheering onward
 to repose under the mane of the British
 Lion,” ever attend* him. God speed the
 day when, through the indefatigable labors o|
 those sincerely engaged, the chains and fetlert
 fall off—when life, liberty, and the pursuit ol
 happiest shall be extended to all mankind.
 Yours for the redemption of the down
 trodden and oppressed,
 M. P. H. JONES.
 (From our own Correspondent.)
 London, July 21, 1818.
 Dsar Douglass,— Doubtless you havt
 heard ere this, that the Archduke John, o
 Austria, has been elected Regent of Germany
 (or Administrator of the United Germai
 Empire,) by the Parliament assembled a
 1' rank fort. He is the uncle of the reigning
 Emperor, and has reached his sixty-sixtl
 year. In his early career, and during th*
 stormy times of the first French revolution,
 he was thrown into active life, and in 180 C
 he was placed in command of an Austrian
 army, and became extremely popular. When
 relcaseJ from military duties, however, he
 preferred living the si npJe life of a mountain
 eer in the Sty nan hills, to a residence in the
 capital. Bat veil in the campaigns of 1813
 frnd 1815 but when peace was restored and
 the arbitrary and oppressive ministry of Met
 teriupli cv.ctvepccd, which this noble mau
 eyar .condemned, but had no means of active! v
 opposing, he separated htroielf entirely from
 tiie court, biearp an exile from Vienna, and
 lived for m?nv years in retirement at Grutz,
 Metternuji feuugg Loth his popularity and
 his opinions, kept a strict wptch on hts move
 ments. He revisited the Tyrol in 1845, and
 was so enthusiastically received, that bis said
 the "V iennese press were prohibited from
 publishing an account of his reception. Out
 anecdote told of him is, that, at g. ppb'ic
 dinner held a lew years since, e gave tht
 toast—* 1 No Austria—no .Prussia.,
 united Germany and it is added, .that Jim
 has secured him much fcf bis present popu
 larity. \V nea the recant revolution in Vi
 cuna bioke out, he at once re-entered public
 life,, and prevailed on Metternich to resign,
 Now, that once all-powerful minister is in
 exile, and the Archduke is regent of Austria,
 and chief of the German empire.
 The latter event is, unquestionably one ol
 immense importance in the history of Ger
 nwty. In Berlin, of course, the feeling on
 the subject is of a mixed character. The de
 putation from the German Parliament arrived
 in ienna on the 4th iost., arid was greeted
 enthusiastically by the citizens there. To
 their appeal the Archduke responded form
 ally and on the 11th inst. the newly ap
 pointed Regeat entered the good old cit of
 Frankfort in triumph—where, it is said, the
 joyous acclamations of the people were un
 precedented. Since then the last sitting of
 the long famous German Diet has been held,
 and the President thereof has resigned ail
 power into the hands uf the Regent. A new
 miniary is formed, uuder the direction of
 Baron Gagero. Joyful demonstralious of
 every kind are taking place during this im
 portant via t of the Regent to Frankfort and
 the enthusiasm saem* to be universal. You
 can well imagine, that, throughout Europe,
 the future course and proceedings of thi* ex
 cellent Prince will be watched with exceed
 ing interest.
 In my last, I enteral somewhat fully into
 the affairs of France, and the recent insur
 rection in Pans. The latest reports state,
 that all remains tranquil there, and confidence
 is increasing. QeQui.il Uavaignac has con
 tinued to prove himself equal to the emer
 gency in hich he wa* placed *i,d with all
 his confessed mildness and humanity has dis
 played great promptitude aud firmness in re
 pressing all attempts of a seditious character.
 Arrests are being hourly made of persons
 compromised in the conspiracy; large sums,
 of money have been foun J on many of them
 and at present the affair is shrouded in great
 mystery. 4. corraspondaui of tha Daily
 News says, Doeumsut* of the highest im
 portance have been *e.#d, which will chow
 from whence proceeds the money distributed,
 and who were really the chiefs of the insur
 rection.” Ere Lmg U&gt;e truth must bo
 eliryted. f
 Thai great sod good nan, Lamartine, baa
 published sa eloquent loner, in reply to the
 infamous suspicions propagated against him,
 to which he states, that to see tumself trana
 formod into a professor of oml war, and
 preparer of carnage, makes a cry of iodigaa
 uon nee from ibo impost reoeoMs of hisso*)."
 Ho w shoot to qeit Frsaoo aad hie ftbltia
 mioded countrymen, for the East-
To lock at home for a monrsot. Oae n
 he recent events here baa ben the trial a*
 cqovicttoa of tbs China* leaders, Janes
 Fusee!, Sharpe, Vernon, Williams ant
 Looney. With the evidence educed, the cot
 elusion arrived at must have been (be only oat
 expected. The sentence lenient—twt
 rears imprisonment for each; a mild allow
 ance of punishment, oanaidering what tht
 result of their efforts, if successful, might
 have been. Great tranquility preraila among
 the Chartists in the metropolis and through
 out the country. The debate on Hums’a re
 form motion in the House, terminated on the
 6th inst. On the dirisioo taking place, there
 were For the motion 84
 Against 351
 Majority against ‘W!
 This debate has served to test the reform*
 spirit existing ia the House of Commons.
 As Mr. Ilumc's plan did not go far ennogh
 for the Chartists, they, to a mao, stood alooi
 from it; while many who would probably
 have toted for one or two of ih: points, may
 not at present have been able to accept the
 whole as an entire measure. Still good ban
 been done, and our country owes a debt oj
 «ratitude to Mr. Hume and his supporteis for
 this effort in the cause of British freedom.

 Free Soil.
 i
 At a Free Soil Convention held in Norths
 ampton Mass., ou the 25th ult., the fol
 lowing resolutions were adopted.
 Resolved, That the policy of the Nations!
 Government, with reference to the extension
 of slavery—a policy artfully conceived, boldly
 and recklessly prosecuted, during successive
 administrations—involves the grossest abuse
 of the powers and priuciples of the Conslitu
 tion.
 Resolved, That while the promoters or
 human slavery are bent upon their purpose,
 annexing foreign territory, declaring war, dis
 membering 3 neighboring republic in order to
 people and cultivate h with slaves; devoted
 only to success, and reckless both of Right
 and law it becomes the duty of every friend
 of the Constitution snd of the Country, ot
 Freedom and Humanity, to shake off all
 lethargy, to forsake ail vain confidence, and
 to stand up to the conflict manfully and avow
 edly.
 Resolved, That the establishment or suff
 erance of slavery in the territories whose
 governments are about to be formed, is the
 gr'at question, resulting fro.n the long pursued
 policy of the government, which now agitates
 the nation that it is one which the people, if
 true to freedom and themselves, cannot fail to
 recognize in the approaching election that it
 is one which the people will not leave to the
 President, or to their Representatives in Con
 gress, but upon which they will act by requir
 ing the surest and most distinct guaianties of
 boldness and fidelity from every one proposed
 for their suffrages —it is a question which
 the people can understand, and on which they
 ask no counsel from their leaders or thcii
 presses.
 Resolved, That this question is thnisi upon
 us by th r abettors of slavery, and th it ;b;i
 responsibilities of the contest are with th"-:
 and not wiih us and that we will siand lot
 the defence of that soil which is now fee,
 and contend with slavery when it encroaches
 on freedom.
 Pungent.—At he celebration of the elori
 ous Fourth,’ at Fitchburg, Miss., several
 smti moots were given at the dinner table,
 which had a stronger flavor of truth and hon
 esty, than of tee ‘patriotic’ cant with wrhich
 people usually befool themselves and others,
 on tbit dav..
 We subjoin a few specimens:
 Liberty. —Th.&gt; leaping waters of ihe Xi tgg
 ri outdone! The sublimes! sight in our day
 'he lenp of the slave to the Canada shore.
 Says Mlrab au—Men live by one of three
 ways; by work, yb begging, or by stealing.
 By which does the slaveholder live?
 ihc Gallows and Presidential Chair—The
 highest gifts of tho people. Th" one for the
 slayer of one man, tho other for the shyer of
 ;hyusands.
 Gar country —Of doubtful virme; as Liber
 ty and Slavery are her twin offspring. May
 she go and sin no more.
 The II -to of Sale n—Dick Crowriingshield
 —Prevented by a preinature death from being
 a worthy competitor for the Presidential Chair
 of this nation in 1848. Peace to his ashes.
 Daniei. Werster not for Taylor. —A
 writer mth 5 N. V. Evening Post of July 14,
 says that Mr. Webster was invited to address
 the late ratification Taylor meeting in N. Y.
 city, but declined, and gave his reasons. The
 Taylor Committee have tried to keep them
 secret, but they have leaked out. They aie
 to the effect—
 That Southern statesmen have monopo
 lized the highest offices i* our government
 four fifths of the time cince the Declaration
 of Indepen Jenco, to the exclusion of North
 ern men equally gifted and equally capable,
 and he thinks the moment has now arrived
 when 3 Hand should be taken by the North;,
 for his part he cannot support- neither will be
 publicly oppose, the election of Gen. Tav
 lor,”
 ID 3 If is said that the letter of Gen. Tav-;
 lor accepting the nomination contains a
 reiteration of his assertion that he will not be
 considered the exponent of whig doctrines,
 It is also said, that on this account the whig'
 managers have refused to publish it, We
 know nothing of this matter, but think the 1
 story quite probable, as we can see no other
 reason w by the letter should not be published.
 It is also said that tbe Gen. did write a letter;
 taking etroog ground ageinst the Proviso.
 Ttiss we think also very probable, though we
 think there was no for it, as erery one!
 must know, wtiat-ever he nuy say, that he is!
 a strong anti-Proviso man. —{Racine Adc. 1
 Hope H. Slxttxr.—The Boston Times
 states lhal Hope H. Slrttei, the notorious
 slave-dealer, who has acquired a princely for-!
 tune by buying and selling human beings,!
 has taken the stump to advocate the election!
 of the old homicide, Zack Taylor. We know
 not upon what authority the Times makes!
 this statement, but we see no reason to discred
 it it. Slaveholders and slaretraUers must!
 naturally feel 19 ra confidence in tbe disposi- j
 tion and ability of Taylor to promote their?
 interests, than they can in Case, notwuhstand-i
 ing the ready servility of the latter. —Charter
 Oak.
 ID* Cass's frieads think th;y can
 his political exists 10c by mutiipjywg bras of,
 him. He has now nearly as many ss an ordi-*
 nary grimalkin. Washington convsi*&gt;adeat{
 of th.* N. Y. Express bos seen fin —ea. q
 Jifforiug from ihe others, and all deal ned i d
 suit d-if rent quarters of the Uuion. liuij
 after November tie will have only one ie.i—&gt;
 w hich it will be his fate to pass oo one of tfu*
 tranche of Salt River. -r Lru ngtton Union^
 At a National Ifeform meeting held in Nevi
 York city, on the 6th July, u pas a
 Resolved, That we respond to the sarnies,
 tion of Uervit Smith ssd W«. Wait, ae&lt;jj
 that we repudiate the questioning of any ache V*
 candidates, with any idea of aabsutnunf them
 for oar own.
 ID* A Urge sseatisg, composed efcieiy of
 Democrats, was held at Chnrteiten os tho 1
 30U) mat., wh*h unanimously resolved to
 sustain Geo. Taylor for President, and Geo.
 Busier for Vies Pfeafosat.
 BGT X# 1 masse to mankind, tnoa tbs or
 ganisation of aoctotj. weald bo Meal in
 atrocity to sat of him who would lift hi-
 ET Rents is abutting barsalf up. No ie
 peHiicaaa. not even Amsrioan tmeeUsts, are
 permitted to cross the fitetnt.
.foreign Kerns.
TVs »:earner Amtritm, Cipi Judkins, unve
 at N«v Turk about S o'clock on Priday aft«n*N*r
 Irani Liverpool, whence she raihnl uq the 224 ei
 bringing erven day*’ later taslhgaeca. Beta
 viU be bad a digest of bar rant importan
 new*,
 IRELAND.
 Tie Irish Bbia««tM Beacrai tiailai
 A letter front Dublin, dited July 17, stater tha
 the Club Orgauizatna it daily awummg a mor
 alarming aspect—more went in th# mole of pro
 I mdar. bat mare eaneestrated ndmtaarfuai
 i while branch Clubs are extending far aoJ arid
 I mtu the rural districts. Tb* recent proceeding
 in VT aterfurd and Limerick, in connection wit
 the prosecution agumt Mr. T. K. Meagher lur
 shown boar liflicuit it is Ac tbo leader* to reatraii
 th* chthtesfe from a “premature outbreak.’ hi
 may be considered uumluc**, and it ia nothin)
 sb**rt of n '•duty but tlio evil i* th»t the lean don
 &lt;erous and if sotae deeiJed stvps be not takei
 C r the stippre-swi of the Club*, the ant Jeplur
 may be »pf«boiilid
 A I’rivy Council ItclJ at Dublin Cattle «h
 the 18th, at wine Uu Lord- Lieutenant preside*]
 wlien it was resolved to |&gt;mclaitd the falkiwtn.
 pi ces under the Coun ion act: County and Lit]
 of DuMm, aKinty and city of Owk, eo and city o
 Waterford, andCo.mty of the town of Drogheda
 The Government have been prompt in follow
 ’ing up the proclamations i*»ue*l on the 18th, bj
 notification-*, retting forth the day* and placed ap
 pointed for granting licenses to keep arm* Th*
 Commissioners oi Police in Dublin trailed a notic*
 that they will attend at their uflLe in the Lowe
 Cattle-yard, -or some day* to re&gt;eive application
 f*&gt;r li.-eiite* Simitar notice* hare beeu issued u
 all the proclaimed districts.
 The police have received information that de
 poU of arms exist in ao ue parts of die metropolis
 and Unit they were to make strict searches iu th*
 I suspected localities.
 There has been a “brush’* at Carrick-on Suir.—
 A Clonmel correspondent thud describes the af
 fair
 “The Carrick people on hearing of the arrest o
 i tome of tho Club members, and the ruuv&gt;r th
 o ie *f their own curates was marked out fur ar
 rest, rote en maxte, and with irms iu their h uid*
 con-fating of rifles and pikes, repaired to the autli
 orities and dcm.ui led the release of the prisoners
 who were at unco *telivered up to the.u. They
 tlien rung tlie chapel bells, wlteu 4,000 men do
 sounded Ironi the neighboring lulls, armed to tin
 teeth, win remained in Carrivk all night, lest an
 attempt -.houlJ be made to arrest Father ILnie
 The delivery of the prisoners, »md (lie With m*w,e
 of the few troop* were cou*i&lt;level as a Iri.iuipU
 there is n«&gt; mistaking tlie national feel mg.'
 The intelligence of the rising at Carriok-ou-S a
 was received all through Tipperary with euthj-m
 asin. On Monday night the m mutants were ail
 ui a blaze with tires, from Slievebiooin to Slieve
 iitunou. and tlie peasantry cru.vde 1 around them
 ui large masses. The c.ieer.ug along the Water
 ford range was distinctly heard in Clonmel, auJ
 the club. turned out (o d* homage to the general
 enthu-iasm. They marched hmugh tlie town in
 sections. The military Were under arms, prepur
 ed, if n.-cessary, for repressfon.
 I’he systematic efforts made by writers in the
 pay of the Lsriu-h Government to cause it to be
 lad.eved that the lie|xml Clubs of Ireland are
 organized for the purjiose of pillage and massa
 cr and for the overthrow of religion and social
 order, render it expedient that wo should define
 the real objects oi the Club organization:
 lie it, therefore resolved mi declare I—
 That the puqiose and end of our organization
 are tlie uvurtlirow of the power of the ihtUsh
 Legislation in this Island,
 That we are firmly resol ye*] to ahstaiu jit our
 ,*o!Ufaul capacity, from any interference ip mat
 .«*rs *if a religious or sectari m character, we are
 not the less desirous that religion should bo up
 held, and die legitimate influence of its uiinfaters
 maintained iu its integrity.
 That so far frouj *|i*siriitg to overthrow s**ci»l
 order, and to suhe. t «mr t*mi)try to universal an
 art*hy, our first anxiety has been, and is, te se
 cure tlie legislative mJcpoudcn.-e of our country
 with tlie lead possible iiyury to any class of its
 inhabitant*; and in tlie accumplidnnent of these
 our designs we liope to put au end for ever to the
 sufferings and disorders which have never censed
 to alfliet our people under the sw *y *»f Britain.”
 Tlie Roman Catholic Priesthood are beginning
 to take alarm at tlie Club.. Twenty-one Priests
 of the Deanery of Tuara luva protested against
 tlie n. Rev. Mr, Costello, Limerick, disavows
 them; Rev. Tims. Dixon,of Cast Passage, Wa'er
 furJ, denounce* them iu the strongest terms; and
 Rev. Mr. Ilenebry, ol Riithg.mnac, County Water
 ford, has virtually kicked out of his parish a de
 putation of ‘organizers’ from the Dublin Clubs,
 telling them in pl.un terms that .Ultchel des«rvcd
 all he got.
 Devin Reilly speaks and prints his thoughts.—
 lie says, further:
 Flog them (tlie Irfah) at the triangle, deco
 rate them with the |&lt;iull cap, let tlie lamp-posts
 bear their warned vintage, till at last they be
 compelled to =&gt;q aelch yt) y&lt;&gt; i as a hideous nuisance,
 to escape agouy—to take you by the neck, tyraut,
 gaoler, assassin, and Imrl you aad your dommiuu
 oil this Irish soil iu the sea.”
 Orders have beeu given from the Commander
 in-chief's oflice, to all officers belonging to regi
 ments iu Ireland, on leave of absence in London,
 to repair im mediately to rejoin their respective
 regiments quartered in that country. His Royal
 Highness Prince George of Cambridge left by
 the mad tram o i Wednesday night for Live, pool,
 en route to Dublin, als i tne Marquis of Worces
 ter, to join the 7tb H.uuurs.
 Several parts of Ireland, Dublin among tht
 lasi, have been proclaimed under martial law.—
 Rev. Mr. Byrne, of C UTage-on-Suir, was arrest
 ed for sedition, but the populace released him.
 Meagher, Doheuy, &lt;tc., are addressing meetings of
 SU,U*&gt;J even at midnight In several places the
 authorities were obliged to open the jails.
 Latest
 The People Aaitisa.
 The purcliase and manufacture of a; ms is pro
 ceeding in Ireland.
 Last week eighty stand of arms were purchased
 by the Dr. Coyle Club, of whic Mr. Dady ol tlie
 Xatton, is tlie PreuleuL 20,000 i&gt;tan*L of diaU
 sed military fl.nt muskets have been put chased in
 Lo .d*ai for the of the uiaurgeot-s and all are
 coming over in UtUhea
 fly land, the noted p.ke maker, has left Dublin,
 fur Carlow with a large o*aeagunjeui of pikes.
 Hie reljela have prepared a map of tlie City ol
 Dublin sulalivided mto dtairtils, »n eachof winch,
 the point* at which tins cm*« are re*pe. lively L
 unifier, and where barricades are to be thrown
 up, are indicated.
 it is now arranged that it npm the furinatimi
 of the jury to try Duifey or lu* fallows, it dali
 appear probable that a c*mv. ntsuu wid t*e had.
 tlie rlube are to no* iiamedtatety and prevent
 the trial by an anticipator., and, a* they hope a
 successful outUeak.
 fr—ti
 XLECTioM op raaaincxr.
 k'aai*, Jujy 1%
 Tha unusual interest attadiad to Uie of
 a president of tlie Satmoal Assembly, vacant by
 die nuimnatiuo &lt;&lt;f M. Man* to tlie Ministry of
 Jmute, attracted a very «Ueraltraee of mem
 bunk
 'I be ooqiratjay betwteo 3L Marot, rapport
 ed by the moderate Republicans, and M. Lacnra
 se, a member of the uhi Chamber of Deputies, i
 ~!u,*g with the Centre Gauche. The eiectaai ot
 tne Lter would racwdragly mark what wane j
 nd call the pragmas *4 Urn react*m. a *d oth-1
 .MJgrowing asceodeocy *4 Ura Thiers'Ramci
 At *faqr t/dodt Ole duimra tnnnaoce*l the tv-
 ou t as fallows: MambsPs 780: iheittr
 m-wwsnv, ML Fur M. Marrast, Sh 6; far M. U
 MA M. Bra* 47. As the absolute
 liv was **’obtained by the candidal—,
 a uew ballot was nerwssary. The UslhM, a though
 ■ud—iwve, snows ,ufli.ienti/ the state of the jw-
 Uea
 auosuu uun.
 Mud .*4ll
 fafMMW
 JQac.•••••••••»•*•*
 M. Mrarrat 4eetara*tn hppr#;
 The fate] uranher ef iurarnut tdwra rw
 MMMcteeraftedjMMU to U nhouttesthon
 Th* lAth teat «fu»
 We era aranrad *k fan—im il fa
 ssuvsrssssss^ri
Navarra* A N*tr of Carii'ti bi bm wn
 ptelrly rartwl to &lt;bo —Mahn w&gt; tt&gt; to*
 »«ra kilted and tira token pru&gt;&lt;ocr% of *bun
 thrra orno udkor*.
 Letter* iHrect from the frontiers of T-irnm
 «*r that the C«rtm m«urTert&gt;»« bee -ttftted
 rrn rheih in the |wmh of natty of the ifcrf*
 General lliartis ml Zubui. porraed by U»
 Queen's trunpa. Wave been obliged to take refum
 in France, u well as Celooei Lnncteri-*, am
 Sebum*
 Eastern Enrtjf.
 The ear between the Xifnr* eoJ Sctevoniao
 a carried on with grout Airy. The Hitofariam
 hara stormed the dty of Yarasri. hot hero bet
 detested with grant teas at 3a MAaly. The Hun
 ftfiua anay numbers fi2,000 men. There hurt
 again been frightful nuveem ut Carksaitx.
 Ceflus4«-Thc Wrathrr un4 the Crepe
 The reports that hare lately routed at fron
 all part-* of the UaiteJ Kingdom respecting tin
 •tale of the eropa, Ac, fc* very enconra|(mg. an
 iftel proof that we shall, sbcuM th
 weather continue as (krorable as heretofore, tun
 a mo't abundant and timely harvest—[a*dime
 A Smith.
 Add rase of Awti-SUvar jr M’diaea of West
 era Near York*
 Under a deep and abiding impression uf the
 doty we owe to God and our teliuw beings,
 the Anti-Slavery wo.neu ot‘ Rochester feel
 constraineJ to continue to persevere in their
 efforts for the oppressed and suffering boqd
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in the
 Southern prison house. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 u their labor wrested from them uoromuoeia
 ted not only do they suffer frqm intense hun
 ger and cold; not only are the females, our
 sisters, subjected to the cruel and passionate
 outrages of their tyrannical masters and over
 seers but there are daily instanoes of sun
 dering the dearest ties in nature, thus sepa
 rating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better—can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 ish as slavery f It woulJ b 3 uaroisaaabla,
 because a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit.** Therefore, knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot render effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affectionately
 invite the co-operation of the citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask them
 to bear in mind the injunctions of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember,
 also, the beautiful parable in which lie calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, and conclud3S by the forcible asser
 tion, Inasmuch as ye have done it toone of the
 least of these, tny brethren, ve have done it
 unto rao.” We feel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and ar? careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live for the good of out raoc, instead
 of devoting all their time to thiir own per
 sonal ease—all who feel bound to improve the
 precious time allotted to them here, by pio
 inoting as much as possible the cause of truth
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward iij the vyork of laboring to banish forever
 the of slavery from our land and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should be a** light to the
 world.”
 We hope no one will feel too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy causa. The
 Christian’s influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutary, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the aid of men and
 of women we call on the old and the
 young, the farmer, the m ;chanic, and the
 merohant. We ask all and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare,
 either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blessings with which they were endowed
 by our Creator.
 For this object, W 3 propose holding a Fair
 in December next. We ask tha females in
 the adjoining towns and country around us, to
 get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come, fur
 nish tables, give us their company, and help
 us, not only in selling those things thu3 pre
 pared, but in convincing the publin mind of
 the necessity of our perseverance and fidelity,
 and thus be helpers in hastening the dav of
 emancipation.
 Abigail Bcsh, Rochester.
 Sas in D. KW, d«.
 Sarah L. Hallowell, do.
 Mary H. Hallo well, do.
 Sarah A. Blrtis, do.
 Margaret A. L.yßson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Bp.aithw.ute, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A- F. Stsbbins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty,l Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworfb.
 Julia Parkk, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson,
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capros, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintock, do,
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mr*. Macrintyre, Darien.
NlßßlfvO
 la Geott, Cartlaad Co., on the 29ih ultimo, by 1
 the Rer. Varjmj* llcll, Dr. C. F. HARRIS of j
 Binfhmptoa, to Mlm LUCRE HA MARVIN, I
 &gt;n'j Ln*»ie.- of ABIGAIL Waluo, of toe fcrmcr i
 Lee.
 1
o m ui r c t a I.
Hanrerti'ig behj aLa *t entirety coo In k 1, ih«
 irodece m i* eo*i« Jerably Ktirt tkii it
 U*t week.. A J**i deal of OMI beau
 iuv*Le l.aai coooi bet Me qoaaliWe* 6*?r »Pt« re.l
 iiuikrt. AUnoCOJO boOkulo wtlh Ae oreeu
 imd from bjOU yetttrMy, at 81,*&gt;. j
 jico O4 kijii u fcl.&amp;L Mol of be Kknt
 jn ifjoti Us' c-&gt;« (tie* oO tk
 Erie aaJGeow.* VaHejr Coo ,U.
 Kl&lt;or Ike »k derate price |4,7i§i Some
 rotra ka* aoapies retail at ts|2i.
 Keeler ffkolaak Price* Cirreat* 1
 FLOUR aft&gt; MfcAD— Dm* 2Dfc*d ral
 Flour, (p hW 4 i
 Coro onii f W«
 l lX*y; Ueef.Pork.llaaM, Boom,
 Butter *»1 Lard,2J F c i l*w«
 Fork, (ohm) «ldii
 Do, Mkof 400 4 60
 Beef, cor S*o« 4 00
 Da. btt. (ohm) 780• 8
 Lord (tried) (p ft 8 t
 Do* (*wf.) OJ&gt;
 Haas, (uuked) 10 t 8
 DWim, do.
 Tarkeyi f 6 8
 Uurkaa*
 F*»w»» bak. 62
 nUPf-Doiy; 20 re ad ral
 Wlm»i« bam 1 88
 Coni 41
 R/« 44
 Oa» IT 0 17
 tIUnS-Dury; jp Cad «ol
 S 7T ::J
 RbwpPbba 78 688
 IfcfciM—Dup, Inii—hB &gt;8p«) JirMaruJOr
 idi* 4JB
 Tuwtby IV 2&lt;o
 Fla*' I IJ
 Umif C i 30 r C
 i Ga**o" 480
 3SL: ‘2
 Do. a*d 88 40 88
ts.
I NEW Pr.flP FICTOUT.
 i
 iljmt evtsbbabei a Pup Factory, at jj*
 ,;&gt;laiii street. a-here he will be kipm to nrftnrtl
 w*r&gt; any ft ivr him with thru twtroratg-.
 H**i if bad eon*i.fc**bfc iyn isan ia Wa fr* a
 Ww». be pkdfi fciaaeJf to ftmxiafc u food
 anidp, t*H of u j»d n cam he prpcurw
 i at any otbm simitar aatoblis««ia Mi Hi
 i Pumps are brnmbad with enber wood«Mhm
 u may «it owtaacri. He iln suappl.ee, to orii
 every chjscriptwm of Aqwdwct Lo»a, or Lead Pipe
 The wbacnber arid take pleasure n» directing cod
 of his customers as on; require the information, t
 competent work'.awn. m ho will »t*eoi to all calls fo
 diffine. (fcriKng, or Naming well*. crampHv, and a
 rc.L» rates. Ail kitua «f Pomp* repaired t
 order.
 COh The »b ve work will be furnish*! at th
 lowest prices, fcr c*J». Persons wifi do well t
 Ifire he* safe bsfste parokasaag ewcwtwre.
 J. 1L FFXT.
 Rochester, July 14, IS 13. 1y29
 jfaL'li Grocery asd Provision Store
 J .'So, 132. Main street, comer North street.
 (OU of Edward Bardwetl.)
 j TUST receive l aol arill be kept constantly o
 tf had, an extensive anJ complete assortment
 f Graoericr att.l Provision.*:.
 A large bl uf Groceries jiwt received, bought i
 j New York, at t(»e lowest ot the very hm prices c
 lb? present season.
 r Sugars, from a sod article at i cents per Bb. t
 tbe best crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto ILco, Constanta and .W
 Ot leans Molasses, very low for 'he quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, (Axitish, Rice, Raisins, wh.il
 aad ground Spices, and all the articles, t«
 numerous to mantion, ’vhi -h make s fill variety t
 supply every want of families or dealers.
 Choice fresh Green a-xl Black Tc-\*.
 Extra OU Java and other Coffees.
 Cash paid for produce and provision?.
 The attention of farmers, city families in 1 deaden
 is respeciful'y solicited. T.i.&gt;st who have Ion; fro
 quented this well known stand are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in wait of goods i
 my line, are invited to examine my asso.tiuem sue
 prices.
 I sell f jr C.z*k only, and caa therefore a ford tc
 s -ll low. A new lot of g m.!a cxpecieJ from New
 York in a f*-w days, f inten 1 1 i make arrange
 oents xrt to k wt&gt; a supply of Frtt Lo&amp;sr Gr~*tr.ti
 Customers shall he assure I of as much reality ai
 prcicacc in the quality and price of mv goo’s.
 G. B. STEBBIXS.
 Rahixter, Ju’y, 1343. 3 u 29
 Important t» Farmers.
 IDE’S Patent Whirl Culrivat »r an 1 Wire Grasi
 Plow. The Farming Public are hereby rifarae
 •ha Litters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 scriber for his rcce 4 great improvements in the con
 struction an I manufacture of Field Ccltiv a tors
 an improvement so great as to ewirary revolutionize
 the wi;ole system of fartpi ij{, by re lucing the expense
 &lt;»ne-half or more. Wherever they have been mtro
 fuced, they have m?t the decile I approbation ol
 farmers, as tu« following certilkati s from tite intel
 ligent en I practical turner* whose names arc
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and use I the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 by Nathan lue, of Shelby, Oilcans Uo., New
 York, anJ believe it t-&gt; be, as a labor-saving ma
 chi &gt;e, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acies
 m ire of wheat in a vear, with die same amount of
 team labor; lie can also sow it in much better order,
 i By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 i inqy be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed th.it It c«tn be regulated t g any depth, by
 I mi*ans of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus cither plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 j only jnst brush the surface. L T p&gt;n tbe whole, we
 thi-ik it dcci ledly the beat machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as 3 ich ws cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers,
 laates 11, llciley, Jam's l ie
 E-ios Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, ilartes lledley,
 Gardner Bern, Jaiuc* I’. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1318.
 We, tlie un lersigied, purchased one cf Nathar
 Ido’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found ii
 answer th; purpose So well, tliat w« have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We nan witli this Flov
 prepare with t-.v-j horses, eight acres of I ind per da,
 far wheat, and it is moch better done than by the
 old plows; and the bind pipared by this CultiVatoi
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHT’RCH.
 Riga, June, 1543, DE.VNiaI CHURCH.
 We consi ler this Cultivator one of the best
 labor-saving implements in us an I as such Com
 mend it to the farming community.— (lme*t(Farmer.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems ii
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 criptiuß ol' the implement, witii its various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it luurst be
 and used. No farmer \vlw fully understan Is his
 interest will be without one, as ft is an invaluable
 implement,
 Tiie w!»e Is are 32 inches in diameter, with tire
 and bushes like an ordinary carriage wheel. The
 body of the Cultivator i* a’ stout frame with two
 rows of teeth, 3 before, an I 4 beliinl; a tongo.
 compk-tei the whole, which is firmly sitach'd to die
 fixme, and s f -rves to g ii k* and steady it when in
 operation. The teeth are cast 11 inches long, pointed
 with steel, and so farmed as to wear sharp. Ererv
 part of th; machine is built ia a strong and durable
 manner.
 The advantages of this Gukivator are mnnifald.
 Ist. By means of the wheels tbe machine runs easy,
 and the teeth go to a uniform depth, 2d. The tcet.’i
 are so long, th.;t the machitv? never chokes, tin
 ordinary cobble stones an I boulder.* rolling readily
 between th m. 21. I'hc tong&gt;i? guides the impl—
 meat with accuracy an J precision. And 4:h. At
 Seed ti n-, by gring the list ti ne across the Linds,
 s nail eftan.uds or ducts are farme 1 L-a ling into tbe
 main furrows, which cifectuiliy take oT tlv surplus
 moisture, and thus reader the wbiat Lass lia!*fa to be
 winter-killed. An additio:»al i-nproveuicnt kis
 recently been otuie to this muehine, so that the
 wiie.l tn.iv be lowered and frame raised 7 i tch -s or
 tuvre, if necessary, and thus the depth reg dated.
 A boy ten years ofd can raiv? nr 1 »wer it wit» ease.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1348.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Budaki Street, near live Bull’s
 iieaJ, Rv.-besier, N. Y-, wiere ftnaeis are invited
 to call ana examine far taimscives.
 \eir aal Second-Hand (lolUb*,
 At 43, EtJkmjt Strut, Rttkettr.
 LLOYD sco rr WHOM rrv#i revpee folly inform
 ius trie v .s a t I tue Pufaic g meivjly, that he ha.-
 co ista itiy o i hmi an ex? asso. ua-ot of New
 And stieo i i ll.ii 1 Clotuiig, soch us C*.it*, Pa-iti-
 Ijcxw, V.its, A:., watt wiuch he will supply
 Custautei s at Die umst rent adAe Prices.
 L. S. Jeaires a.so to ud-tto l to Public, that he
 attmis to rep .iring *an I restivating, whim be war-,
 ra as t» be done at Use eto-ap st r ite, and to ts
 best rnU neatest pusmhla rna taer. Hi# kea; ex en
 ence in live busi sets warra its hua in assumg all
 woo may patrottise hi n, that his wo. k i.taii bi ctoac
 to thesr eaure utafiOKH.
 tbochester, July 14, 1343.
 TUI NAS! TRI VkS!
 THE ftrst tfulst of article is to be aad at LAING
 a It BO.I.NhhL A see IststlniiAi.nt, jit,
 Stole Si/e-u, Re-water. Alai a r*neral assort
 use »t of V*.t*es, Turdting Bags, j(c., which are
 v&lt;he oi at the v«y lowest prices far Casa,
 tana(:T.iuttiaj «e.-ut&lt;;,t ra the latest style
 mA with dispatch, by J, T. Liinf, at ku oil stand
 u&gt; Stole Ji rest, opposite the Msuaiuo Haase.
 J. T. L. harjtg had extethave experience ia Dw
 Eastern tnsiketo, in give tali facurn to a
 generous phie who snail fas*r him arwh tier pa
 il iiHß&gt; Jr
 B**ixmtxr t July 14.1548. 3m
 Free Üb«r Utds.
 If AXUFACTLRED by tbs Americas Fine Pro
 aJ# «h»ce Aes-oau m, mto far sfas at.\w. 21,Nona
 FtfLn-strtrt, PktUddptua:
 Mucatshr Gmg urn; Che Hts, Arm am! Tar
 atoma; Cktow Fiaaasl, Hast.,
 Meaehed aod aaßeaehej. U iptaiwaa ma
 widn; tkuiAlasha k bning*, br&gt;* «ad cofartx:;
 Mr E« Thereto; Uwk aa4 whnw MTaddi w.
 Cottio Lap.; L-mp W**; B*l Fwksn*, an ex-
 niausamf faottoo,
 Or*n «ao m Ntort drsuiaf iafbrmaisoa,
 mas ba midmasd to Mtoiar Heiatm, M. Bam
 Ebs:
 A urge aad larisma imrr &lt;f PWato as*
 mlmm. tI juk-tf
 IlMseif Wke*
 So. n; Sink Fifth farm, WMf*™-
 FULL &lt;»s&gt;saaal Atm* Canary pktttiom
job miirrYSf;.
 THE NORTH STAR orri&lt; t. t* tnM
 wrt K *rw M Tyj”, for tW WKXt*"'* cf
 dtscrirtioa of Frmliaf »*h M«tMM **d &lt;k« »ir fc
 udw Lnti piiass for cfsb, «m;
 f Haad-buk, Blanks. BiWw I
 1 Programmas, C*«»fors» B&gt; bof Lwbi
 r Paa*oieu. Cord., Labels. *r
J NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 S W BC Rlady l\ a rsw pays.
 Assist, with a Irfof jUtcfe
 i. k» *fc byUmr, JKgtferf (W.
 Tfckoddrw. rakeied by the Xa
 b l*^5 oo ’r r ,oa b«*»^'*wo. tv*^-
 o M«jA!. desire comm via do »*il to
 j. iw l in tbfir Hrlv.
 T L a fs e-miled Tk r
 os A, I A!«oI lumrouniojior !«iCu«»
 It; Rscr.bv ffenr 9 V
 «Ti*y.*V V. Order, sitrad.de.
 April 2?, B^.
j c&gt;w» tU r*Vif./iv* 9, A.Af. to 8 J».Jf.
 iT n ivo OFFICE a&gt; i&gt; REATX
 p \5 ROOM. NV 25. Puffok, Street. I
 Riom cat *y fonn-hed, a n tf*. faHff filled cnd
 cf the Lou Twynnct,
 s:oUf, PoluiCii Uii LSMVj f ypfn
 ij N A iCK‘S)'sii^S ,K ure rum:,:.

 NOTICE.
 THE Copartnership heretofore exist in 7 K.«w«-. 1
 CLARK k BUNCOMBE.
 oulvod oa ta. lit of April. 1848.
 A. CLARK,
 0 _ v _ C. H. DLWCOMRE.
 Roeherter, Jane 1,1848.
 DR. CLARK,.tiII continue* .1 No. S 9 Smith’*
 Arcade. Burt .to Street. Dr. CWik won 11 !r
 torm Ute citiiens of ReeHoeter and sorronndng cm
 tr lha hakecp* a good assortment of Tboair n m
 and other Botanic Medicines, neatly put up with 01-
 rrction. for family use also for sale Dr Thomson*.
 -hear .Materia Medics. 'I hi. valuable wwk she id 1
 1 be owned by every practitioner and feuuilv 111 the
 iatiJ.
 A. CLARK.
 j &gt;ne 2, IS4S. ,f.
*!air-Cutilnfir and Dressing at
 R ntINCW. Saloon, under the Ea&lt;!»
 At ilutel, Bu;Talo-«treet. jul 14— Sm
 BOOKS, it'.. For S.de *t the Asn-StAvr r. v
 Crncr k Rr amnc Rooe, No. t* liu::**
 1 »t.. Second Stmy opposne the Arcade:
 .Narrative of krcdeii.k Douglass.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait w
 Spooner Unr onstitu tonality of Si»verv,
 W.Phillfr* reply to do, 7
 Legion of Liberty.
 1 j Slavery illustrated bv its effect on Woman.
 ALo a rich variety of Fancy and useful srtitlc.
 j by ihß LaUics A uti-Slavery Society.
.Yne in r.W Ftru,
 .1 TKIBCTE l Oil THE XEGRO,
 BEIVO A VJVLUCATIOH OV THB MORAt. t.S 7tl
 ttcTral Aau nrLiGioc capabiliti.. o»
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MAN.KIM;
 Hdh ptrticvhr rr/trtnet to tht Afican rccr.
 Illustrated by numerous authentic facts, Biographic;
 Sketches, Testimonies of Travellers, &amp;c.
 The motive* \vliich have actuated the anther i 1
 prerwriog t!ie al&gt;ove-me:'ti &gt;nP'J work, are s.-letc
 desire to interest and enlighten the public mind.'
 a subject iatimately connected with the ha r
 j mirtciy of a Lr;e portion of the human fiauiily; an
 by a relation of facts and testimonies, winch »o
 assertions con annul, to remove a deepK-rootc p rr
 i judice, existing in the minds ol many, icspcctuiLr U e
 i African race.
 It is an i.npr,r?ant qiKstiou whether the N»rrr~ it
 I constitutionally, and therefore irremediablv infer i f
 }to th, white man. in tlie powers of mind. X K
 I uf the tuture wciiare of uic human race depm-fe *n
 the nnewer which experience and facts will fm.i
 !i to this question; for it concerns not oidv tie l r
 1 population of Africa, but main millions oftLr N.
 r: race. w lK&gt; aie locateil elsewliere, and the whites hi
 are Irerom.ng mixed trith *he Mw-k rare, m enmuri. a
 whero Slavery exist#. fcr where it lias existed r
 j n j hi a a tocent perioil. Many persons have vein:
 efl u ,n petemotsfy decisions on both ~f
 oncytion; hut the majority appear to be still u n ;:i ti j
 find 0* to the real capatdntie. of die Ncaro ran
 Then present actual inferiority in many respects
 j comparing them ova whole with the lighter 0,.
 j r r'Wßon °f mankind, is too evident lobe dispute
 1 b,,t bo borne in mind that the) are not in a
 j rtt condition for a fiir comparison to dmvn 1
 tween the two. Their present degraded stale m A.-
 lx* easily accounted for by th* circumstances ami t
 which Nuron Iwve lived, both in their ownruua::
 and abroad. It a single instance can addu. ca
 1 *tn jndiviaunl oftlw* African race exhibiting n jjem
 which would be considered eminent in civilised Eu-
 I P**®" iety, we have a proof that tiiere is 00 medr
 patibiiity between oijaui/.utHrfi ami
 tenectual power. But it is not one alone, Lit inn-
 i remr cases of this description that are him
 forward in the ptesent volume, which include*
 I W bf 150 ItIJOTQJ/bi.ui AA 't ftiM of A\JriLuns or tn :r
 i ductndmti be sides Facts and Anecdotes, Tmtin
 j nies of ’l ravelleni, .Mission«ri«e, &amp;r., the who"
 fortaine a complete‘-TMAtTf roa Tin tirt. no.
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the* m
 founded calunenes which have liecn heaped on the 11
 j fortunate race of Atriea, proving them to endow c
 with every characteristic. u ,nst,luting their identr
 j with the great buuiiy of Man, and coiinequentH, c*;*
 i ruled to certain hmficnable rights,” aasmgst with
 j ire Ine, lilxmiy, and lire pursuit of happiness,” jury
 I infringement uu which is a Usu iug usurpation of ti
 1 prerogative and autliority of toe Most Higji.
 The work will be ren.-ieied*ild,tionaUv interestin'"
 by is AcrßopuuTt imrodiictosi- rm it'
 written pontorely lur the oe.-asion, lw Bxh.nsh J
 h*' cnriciied b&gt; the toh.iliors
 of a heiittiTnl engraving, fiom a painting preset .Uj,
 to the Lon lon Missionary S/ieic??, n-pn-sentior tw
 Natives of South Alt icg giving Kvidence tieioie 1
 Commitice of tlie House of Comoe.na. I
 Ah icans are giving evidence, I»r. Phillip is scat,
 in the foregrowsd.aml James and
 Missionaries tiuoi South Allies, ars AtAmtnur/t!
 Utter acting as iolcipieier. lue witsut wiUaiso 1
 tain portraits of
 Ci.vqot, the Chief cf** Amir ad Captive*.”
 Jai» Txatzob, Christwa Chief of the Amskov
 I rdie, Soujh Africa.
 J. VV C. Pigi.GTos,a Mj'ity esteemed Jlmist-r
 of the Coapel, of pure Africa® eatnwtion.'
 bRtDAUjCK Dociolass,thr fumfive «bve.
 UL A CPA II F.Q.CIAAO, -er CiBAVAVVS VUua.
 big a«k: on steel by f.i swstc Ar tLu. AU, tfjo
 .«1 as 1 r.c of die wilting of TorssAfvr L'Ovval.
 runt, the Black C'Ltet'of Hayii. t
 T.rf wuik wili be punted jm the Lett hme, &lt;m
 pane., uml consi* of ihoOt 300 pggu 3f?.,U u
 •1 wWi «rr&gt;C"prbte device, f.,
 mg an elegant vougn* for M* ut ic.
 Aii protil* ajrjtiig frotc itSAak Vxi he das i .i Me
 A«i^L.. a&gt; 2 r r
 ert tJ; to imiividtal*
 .A pntoMUWMg com.* wttlobAg« tj sewW 4w.r
 drrs to UlLro* AKHISTEA®, Vj
 Noktm Stab Office, u&gt;
 rßosrEEcn;s of tm;
 listriras rureaslsslcal iMraal.,
 O. fOWi |g KDtTfoJt.
 P c^ et r*ce,
 A Ok newt ouked of all wotk®. Vet, to d* this e
 inuet the Iluaa* Coomitasfon. T
 l -irenologv, Hnsiofofy and V,-J Ma*ryni&gt;m
 trace, xuAsanes ail Am laws &lt;4&lt;m bei
 town nmsof happt.wss, to»f tomaimus the phifo.
 phes stone J Lnimtai Truth.
 PM^MOLOCV
 lUrh nmuijct *o} cwnhua cimer Am »mh*
 loc ‘ti 'U at nine phrenological focuhy, tisastrsied 1
 an E craving, or a* an teat on their
 oau qts.* ma urgarusasaui mid cJmracvrVassal
 UogotsfoMl pgatoasuf'.,«rcom|*«w4 tysfowe*.
 THTSfOLOGf
 IJeaitk I fife, Tor great fo*trfggr«f e/tsde n
 We oao bsppsaras.aMut wtd«h it mfmem*. To
 perservauoM »wdrAsl&lt;ieiia*iHesfotaiiirt&gt;i*su e*~
 S*«^
 MiGXCriSM. m
 Wuh prwccvf iastowetfo*. isur«s| Lets, fou
 caok* iimm wasek it tsafefos, *rt» for ptyaes4»i m
 usjs imttm
 lol'W MCjr.
 The Urastry «h»y *&gt;j*y, v* iafomraU-v f#c
 mm—. wt§fsrtß Am Pieiae afs m*s ofoiticu*.
 "Zizir?* ir? -.T^vTTT’m:.
 ■—auSw-StSy -a 1.
 rAWuD.M'itirr
 I rowixa a wius. 5
 v HI Nsa»au Y
"
