"•Communications.
HUUUI Iti
 Po*T-au-P*iNCf, July 4th, 1848.
 Fiwim Doc*las* 4 Dkluit:—With
 the reflection that thi* it the fourth of July,
 comes the reeollectioa of the manner re
 which it it celebrated it my naure land. In
 fancy, I can see the bonfires and illumina
 tions which signalise the return of thtt day,
 enrolled on the tablet of history as one of the
 great epochs in the progress of aril liberty—
 of that day on which thirteen prori no* cast
 themselves loom from their monarchical moor
 ing#, and essayed, in the troubled waters of a
 political sea, an untried and happier harbor
 of that day whose memorable transactions
 conferred nationality upon half a hemisphere.
 With its anniversary, comes the gratifying
 remembrance of the time when men, in the
 maturity of that spirit winch they had inher
 ited from liberty-loving sires, became utterly
 regardless of the glitter of the crown and the
 sceptre, and. deemed that the absence of the
 pomp of royalty was more than compensated
 by the enjoyment of constitutional privileges
 and of those rights with which their Creator
 had endowed them. And this gratification is
 enhanced by the thought that the preaent
 year has been called upon to wi'ness the ef
 forts that other portions of the world are
 making to do away with the time-honored
 follies which have so long acted aa a dead
 weight upon thei' advancement. Such re
 flections aa these serve, in a measure, to miti
 gate the bitter of the cup which otherwise is
 not altogether of unmingled sweetne&amp;s.
 While France is rallying her millions under
 the'gladdening words of Liberty—Equality
 —Fraternity,”—while the nations of South
 ern Europe are baring the sword in mainten
 ance of liberal opinions—while the crowned
 rulers of their Northern neighbors are trem
 bling in view of the events which threaten
 the downfall of their dynasties, we can rea-|
 aonably indulge in the hope that the land of,
 Washington and of Franklin will soon be in-1
 Spired to retrieve the inconsistency of seventy
 years, by breaking every yoke, by loosening I
 every fetter, and by speedily converting into a
 gkmous reality that declaration whose living j
 language has ever been, in the light of its
 practice, a high-sounding, empty lie. Glori
 ous indeed will be.the •‘lndependence Day”
 commemorative of this crowning epilogue in
 the great drama of American liberty—the re
 duction of the principles of ’76 to an impar
 tial and indiscriminate practice,which,through
 out all cumin u tune, shall equally endear the
 fourth of July and its recollections to the
 heart of the colored and the white American.
 But our national holiday is not reckoned
 among the dies albi of the Haitian calendar,
 nor is its return celebrated with manifesta
 tions of gratitude and of great joy.” Still,
 this lanl is not without its fetes. Indeed, one
 might almost say that their name is legion, for
 not a month has passed since iuy arrival which
 haa not been marked by the observance of at
 least one or two. The principal one among
 them, also, is the day upon which the inde
 pendence of the island is celebrated. This I
 i
 have not had the pleasure of witnessing, as
 it tak:s place on the first of January. But oil
 those I nave seen, possibly a bsiif account of
 one or twj might be gratifying to you. L*t
 ua, then, commence with one which finds its
 prototypes in the earliest history of man—in
 the days when the mystic rites of Isis were
 performed by those who had been blessed by
 the annual overflowing of the Nile and the
 Athenian, rejoicing in an abundance of corn
 and oil, placed his choicest offerings upon the
 ah rin •of Ceres. I refer to the Agricultural
 Fest.va] of the first of May It was, indeed,
 a gratifying spectacle, following, .as it did,
 thj uiiiurtunale events of the preceding month,
 to see the various branches of the Haitian
 family, mingling together harmoniously, and
 all joining together in a solemn Te Deum to
 the great Milter and Giver of all things.—
 The day was ushered in with the firing ol
 cannon, the beating of drums, and all the
 pride, pomp, and circumstance” of military
 display. After the religious services of grat
 itude and thanksgiving, an oration was deliv
 ered, setting forth the charms and pleasures
 of an agricultural life, and depicting the bene
 fits derivable from a cultivation of the fields
 The cultivators present, both male and female
 then marched in procession to a repast w hich
 had been prepared for them, each bearing
 aloft a branch of the coffee-tree, the sugar
 cane, or some other trophy of their toil. Like
 the patriarch of all, they had wrestled with
 an angel, and secured a blessing. For, true
 indeed it is, that the declared determination ol
 Deity, when our foreparents were driven from
 Eden, that man should earn his bread by
 the sweat of his brow,” is pregnant with
 good for humanity. Man may regard it as a
 curse, but it is only by conforming his life to
 it that he can secure blessings. He may
 look upon it as the stern deciee of an offended
 God but let his life be in accordance wi:b it,
 and he must fain regard it as tfre award of a
 beneficent Creator. He ma scoff at it, and
 oppose his puny arm to the will of Omnipo
 tence but the thorns that he will reap, and
 the thistles that he will be compelled to gar
 ner, will soon leach him how deaily he must
 pay for his presumption. Especially is this
 **ue with tegard to Haiti, whose prosperity m
 dependant entirely upon the cultivation of the
 *°‘l. It U therefore gratifying to see a day
 apart in honor of agriculture, and ob
 •orved, too, with ceremonies, the simplicity ol
 which recalls the fabled simplicity of the Ar
 cadian days.
 The FctcDteu, which is the same, I under
 alaod, as the Corpus Chrwu of the Euglish
 cal tvlar, is also the occasion of an important
 festival. Then, in addition to the military
 pomp with which most ol the holidays here
 we g'aced, is super added all the splendid and
 imposing pageantry of the Romufa Church
 Upon that day an immense proorea,oo was
 formed, bavmg at its head the various G.m
 eraia m command of the cay and the depart
 mania, attended by their staffs, a*i fo|| owed
 by a larga body of soldiers, the Senators and
 other officers of the Government. After
 them, came a great concourse of citizen*
 male and female, formed in a hollow oblong
 square, in the centre of which marched the
 pn«sts, under a canopy supported by their at.
 lams. Here and thare, at comer* of the
 throughout the etty, artificial grottoes
 were erect sd, decorated with crucifixes and
 picture* of the Saint*. These served ss
 ie**»:g.pot«tc, where the priseta would pause
 •w 4 few moments to blast the people. Many
children were ales in the pracessaon, drewed
 •o as to fepftaefft angel», Ntot* W tpnstlia.
 One lull.* sheet twdW years of age,
 attracted my atieout»:i particularly-.Ure re
 prctcnisiiTr of John the Baptist— tied in a
 raiment of aheep-akin, and leading s bath.—
 The waving of ceuaetn, the tofting of beads,
 the chanting of hymns, ever and anon Inter
 rupted by strains of martial music, and all the
 various other incidents of this solemn inarch,
 presented, to myself at least, a very novel
 appearance. Ths ceremonies of the day
 closed with religious service at the church.
 I shall write to you again by the earliest
 opportunity. In the meantime, 1 subscribe
 myself, aa ever, Truly jouts,
 HAROLD.
The Ohio Black Laws—No. 3.
 Our State Government is an independent
 organization. So far as acts of legislation af
 fect the condition of the people, the action i f
 the State General Assembly is of far greater
 importance to us than that of the National
 Congress. In theory, our State Government
 is that of a representative Democracy. The.
 law-making poweT is recognized in the people.,
 They have all an equal voice concerning the
 form of government they may choose to adopt; J
 and any attempts to give to a portion this
 right, belonging exclusively to the whole peo
 ple, may in all cases be Cbasidered gross viola- j
 lions of the equality brail men, so broadly
 and so clearly laid down in our State Consti-;
 tution.
 The anvereignty of true Democracy, is the
 equal voice of every citizen in the legislatives
 power of the State, owing, however, to the 1
 physical impossibility of their enacting laws|
 in a body, they devise and provide, through
 the ballot-box, for representatives to perform
 that duty.
 Necessary reference will have to be made
 here, aa in ray last, to the first section of our
 bill of rights in the Constitution of the State,
 where it declares the Government founded
 solely on the authority of the people, and
 where it also declares, that for the purpose
 ol protecting their rights and liberties, and J
 securing their independence, they have at all!
 times a complete power to alter, reform, or
 abolish their government.” When laws are
 legally passed, they are held the
 fact that the subject of those laws are pre- i
 sumed to have met thj approbation of a ma
 jority of the people, whose votes are thought
 to have been necessary to elect ihe represent
 atives who passed them. If, on the other
 hand, they either, in part or as a whole,
 shall usurp powers not given to them by the
 people, or shall so far go beyond their author
 ity as to pass laws infringing on the rights
 and liberties and the independence of those
 they claim to represent, or shall impose upon
 them grievances too great to be borne, does
 political disease of any kind seize upon their
 social system, they have the remedy equal to
 them all —the ballot-box.
 When legislation is required in order that
 their condition may b:* improved, they cannot
 consult a higher authority than their own,
 through this medium, in accomplishing the
 results they so much wish for. To freemen,
 the exercise of the right of suffrage is sacred
 next to religion. It is the gieat light ot
 rights, because it is capable of righting many
 wrongs—the purifying fire of politics, intend
 ed to separate ths gold of truth and justice
 from ths dross of error and injustice. If this
 peculiar inherent and unalienable inheritance
 is taken away by force, or the violation of the
 laws of nature, those so deprived can no
 longer receive the appellation of freemen.
 Their slavery is complete just in proportion
 to their dependency on the law-making power.
 When this is taken out of their hands, they
 cease to be a portion of the government;
 I they are no longer in the enjoyment of liberty,
 j Such are the lights and shadows of the gov
 ernment and governed of this nation,
 j With an abler pen, this argument might be
 turned to bear w ith considerable force upon
 the situation in which the colored people of
 the free State of Ohio are now' placed. Pre
 vious to the organization of our State Govern
 ment, they constituted a portion of the people
 claiming to be the natural inheritors of an
 equal liberty. They had been taught this
 lesson by the first and wisest of American
 statesmen, who embodied it in the Declara
 tion of Independence, and which afterward*
 found its way into our Constitution, where it
 says, All men are bom equally free and in
 dependent.” Then if it be really so that we
 ate bom free and equal, we can with propriety
 i inquire, by what authority the Legislature
 j passed laws sinking us below our natura
 level, and by what power the same are al
 lowed to remain in force against us. In ad
 dition to the operation of the black laws al
 ready spoken of in my two previous letters,
 the right of representation is also taken from
 us. We have uo voice tu selecting our rulers.
 The right to vote for any to fill the pettiest
 office in the gift of the people, is not allowed
 to us. The deprivation of this great privi-
 I lege, readers us entirely helpless. Our lives
 and otrr property are exposed to the will of
 those who hare decreed and legalized injua
 j lice to the colored man. We are unprepared
 to enter the field of political combat, for our
 w eapons are takoi. from us. We look in vain
 to the right and to the left for assistance.—
 Our doom seems to rest darkly and heavily
 upon us. The only hope is in the one chance
 left us and that is, to Petition. This we do.
 Our petitions are couched in language humble
 ac„ respectful; we pray for the repeal of all
 those laws founding distinctions according to
 the color of the akin. Seeing no disj»o&amp;iuoa
 to grant ail that is due to us, we ask but lor
 a part only—uot because we do not feel and
 know them to be unjust, but that prudence
 suggest* this as the bettci way to attain the
 objects we are striving after. The success
 attendant upon our labors can be told by u*
 who have learned to experience disappoint
 ment so often. Our prayers do not command
 the same respect and attention as those com
 ing fiora free white voters. No matter
 whether we ask for the repeal of tha whole or
 only a part of the black laws, our petitions
 are always treated with the same ctdd sod
 scornful contempt that ever marks the action
 of our Legislature on this subject. Tbe rea
 sons am Obvious- Tbe men in power have
 oo responsibilities resting upon them of such
 nature aa to require them to respect the
 uglua of colored in the earno manner that
 they do those a while etusone. They ate am
 a constituent portion of the representative
 population, and s— therefore he toooltod with
 impunity, without tha possibility of ever being
ceiled updo to answer those who have been
 the peostve objerts ef their ndrom a*d slan
 der. They *i*»k Mutt nnMwhingty, tod tell
 us thtt we hate fib moffc rights than w* smr
 enjoy that we never were, tad never can be
 parties to tbis Government and that 6m
 Saxon race, in accord site* with certain pre
 ordained law*, is demined forever to net had
 rule.
 We are often, by way of objection, told of
 our ignorance and incapacity to vote, lit
 would aeon very strange that ignorance in
 this oeae should disqualify us from exorcwijig
 ibis privilege that it should be tbe ground pa
 which we are to be rejected, especially wtypo
 it is uken into consideration that oar ignfr
 soce is owing mostly to the direet action |of
 our General Assembly, in withholding fnyn
 us the benefits arising from tbe
 schooi fund. It baa ever hgpo tbe policy |tf
 our tyrannical master* to shut out the light ft
 knowledge and truth from our minds, much
 as they could, in order that we might tK«
 more easily be taught the lessons of submis
 sion and when ignorance, and all it* attend
 ant depravities, follow, as necessary conse
 quences, we are told that we are not qualified
 for tbe enjoyment of the righto of manhood.
 Notwithstanding the efforts to keep our
 minds igftorant and uncultivated, we can, if
 called upon, show facto quite to the contrary,
 where, in spite of all these miserable difficul
 ties thtt prejudice haa thrown in our way, we
 have schools tnat flourish and prosper. True,
 they are kept up at the expense of limited
 means still, we sustain them without whole
 hearts on the one object of removing this plea
 of ignorance, attributed to us so ungenerously-
 Those schools we can boast of having in ev
 ery town and settlement in the State, where
 there is a sufficiently extensive population to
 sustain one. We have also our men of mind
 and finished educations, all achieved under
 these peculiar disadvantages, and through our
 own individual exertions.
 We now put the question, and ask if for
 eigners can come into the country, ignorant of
 everything that pertains to the duties and Obli
 gations devolving upon them as citizens of a
 Democratic government, ignorant of our lan
 guage and our usages, ignorant in minds as
 well as this education we are required to have,
 and can exercise the light of suffrage in the
 appointment of public guardians to protect
 their rights and interests, why, in the name
 of a common justice, are we not allowed to
 do the same If the children of foreign par
 ents, the next day after their arrival from the
 old world, can be led by tbe hand into our
 common schools, there to have their minds
 prepared to enter into fields brightening w ijth
 the harvest of the future, why are not tiie
 same blessings and the same prospects ex
 tended to the youth of American parents, cit
 izens from birth of the State of Ohio 1 Al;|s!
 the only answer that can be given is—thivy
 are colored. A. J. A.:
 Eaton, Ohio.
 j.
 Free Charch oa Slavery. jc
 The Committee on Letters from American
 Churches gave in a short report, and riralt|l
 a latter to one ef the churches. O.oitttii-’
 some congratulatory paragraphs, we 'gift}
 those in the letter from the American chur«&amp;i
 r lating to the slavery question. Your lif
 ter is chiefly occupied w.th your opinions an i
 views of the system of slavery in thesa link
 ed States, and remark* oil what you conceive
 to be our duty in relation to that great sub
 ject, both as members of the church and citi
 zens of the State. As we do not deem fur
 ther communications, on our part, o;i this sub
 ject necessary, we refir you to our previous
 letters, and to our letter to the General As
 sembly of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland,
 a copy of which we herewith enclose you, in
 i our minutes for 1846. B reference to these
 documents, you will be put in possession of
 the sober, and conscientious, and scriptural
 i views entertained by our body, and learn our
 j tiue position in relation to slavery—a position
 i which we have always occupied, and shall
 continue to occupy in time to come. We beg
 that you will repose confidence in us, and,
 having perfect understanding of the subject in
 i all its bearings and_ relations, that you will
 leave us to discharge the duties which rest
 I upon us in view of it, praying that in all
 i things we may be guided by wisdom from on
 j high.” We give the answer from the Free
 Church enure
 Edinburgh, 20th May, 1848.
 Reverend and Dear Sir:—We have re
 ceived the communication from your Attsem
 j bly, dated Richmond, Virginia, 26th May,
 1847, and we disire to express to you the
 cordial satisfaction with which we hear ol
 your continued prosperity as a Church ol
 Christ, and your abundant labors in his cause,
 both in your own and in other lands.
 “On the subject waich ha# occupied a
 prominent place in our correspondence hither
 to, namely, the system of slavery it the U.
 States, and what we conceive to be your duty
 in relation to it, you refer us to your previous
 letters, as well as to one addressed by you to
 the Presbyterian Church of Ireland, and you
 beg that we will repose confidence in you,
 and, having perfect understanding of the sub
 ject in all its bearings and relations, that we
 will le ive you to discharge the duties which
 rest upon you in view of it.
 We shall not, of course, after such an
 expression of your wishes, continue to in
 trude our opiniuns and sentiments upon your
 notice. At the same time, we arc bound in
 faithfulness to say, that these opinions and
 sentiments on our part remain unchanged.—
 We hare all along thought, and stiff continue
 to think, that the influences to whieh a church
 is exposed, when situated in a country where
 slavery is aanctioood by law, may be some
 what unfavorable to tbe forming of tbe opin
 ions, even of Christian men, upon the sub
 ject and, in particular, we have not been
 able to agree with you in some of the princi
 ples, so far as we understand them, which
 you seem to hold as to the mannei in which
 the Church of Cbnst in any land may be
 called upon to deal with such a social evii and
 heinous sin a* we cannot but consider slavery
 to be.
 But without prolonging the discussion,
 we content ourselves with the express on of
 our earnest wish sod fervent prayer that
 Christianity in your great country may speed
 ily effect what in other countries it baa hith
 erto accomplished, m the breaking of every
 yoke, and letuog the oppressed go tree; and,
 refemag to tbe great changes and revolutions
 that are now going forwaid in tbe nations of
 Europe, and to tbe measure for tbe immediate
 abolition of slavery, which was ooe of tbe
 verv first acta of the Republican Government
 of France, we fed an increasing anxiety, not
 only that such x speedy and righteous Adjust
 ment of this question may take [dace as may
 ensure the eoounuanoe of peaoe and order, as
 well aa liberty and equality, within your bor
 ders, hut also thtt this unspeakable benefit
 may ledouod to the credit of the goepel ol
 Christ; and »htt what the man impulse at
 republican enthusiasm, without regard to the
 word and will of God. has summarily done in
 the empire of France, may he mure safely
 and happily doe* among you, eoder the be
 nign and blamed influence of the retype* of
 Joaua.”
 At e masting ef the F. C. Anti-Slavery
 Society, held m Edinburgh cm the Ah ef
 Jens, to oßeefier the above knar, it wee, ef
 tor mature t—‘demise, enieimsesfy
Ist. ReSoltrd, That this letfsr tha most
 unsatisfactory, and the hot* df conduct implied
 in h deeply to be deplored; and
 Bd. Thai h was obviously the duty flf Ore
 ehcrefy puHfirly to doctor* tbit in tbe shape of
 a pmtrot. torn fbetr scheme shook! be mm*-
 tepreted into see appwbotonw they were very
 for from feeling.
 The reasons am whieh the Society ground
 these resolutions, are the following: Ist, The
 Free Church, in this letter, promises thtt it
 will not any farther intrude its opinion* sad
 sentiments” oa tbe subject of slavery on tbe
 American Church or in other words, nevei
 again lift its protest against itwhile, sec
 ondly, the letter, though condemning slavery,
 in the ofelratf, mo** beiooea sin,” yet, even
 at this eleventh hour, lessen the matter of
 Doo-commsmoo with the American Church,
 on account ef their participation in that sin,
 in a state of the moat complete ambiguity sod
 doubt. The alternative of two diametrically
 opposite modes of action is thus retained—a
 style of policr at once unfair towards tbe
 people of our owo church, aa well as unfaith
 ful to the American eburch itself.
 Hist the letter in question warrants such
 conclusions, it is humbly thought that a single
 candid perusal will prove; and it ia lamemabk
 that the General Assembly of the Fret
 Church should have thus, as many cannot
 avoid concluding, declared Itself still In fel
 lowship with the American church. Tbe so
 ciety, therefore, while professing the firmes
 attachment to tbe Free Church of Scotland
 ia now obliged—for its members, and for tb&lt;
 thousands who, though not its members, share
 its sentiments—respectfully, but strongly, ti
 protest against such fellowship.
 Case of Kidnapping.
 Salem. Racine Co., July 20, 1848
 Mr. Booth:
 I hasten to inform you of an attempt u
 kidnap two men, in the town of Wheatland
 Racine co., who, with another man, had beet
 ou and about English Prairie for some twi
 months. On Monday last, while they were
 at work in a harvest field in tbe ab &gt;ve town,
 they were attacked with pistols and l ound by
 two slaves catchers calling themselves Parke
 and Smith, with the Sheriff of McPenry co.,
 Illinois, Constable Hathaway and a Mr.
 Thrall, and carried across the line into Mc-
 Henry co., when Sheriff White served a
 warrant upon them tor felony. When I was
 informed of whut had been done, I started foi
 English Prairie, and with some 30 men weni
 in pursuit of the kidnappers. We overtook
 them at Woodstock, where we found them
 lodged in jail. The next morning it was
 found that uot a lawyer in the place would
 act as counsel for the slave catchers, and they
 sent to Chrystal Like with no better success.
 Finally Nr. Bush consented to act for them,
 in order to expedite the matter. It was known
 that Parks claimed one of the men as a slave;
 the other was free, but h d probably aided the
 slave to escape, 'ihe counsel moved the
 Court to discharge the prisoners, ou accoum
 of the illegality of the arrest, and they were
 acccordingly discharged. Tiiey were immedi
 ately taken by the atm by Messrs. Huff and
 Soles, of English Prairie, and with a crowd
 of probab'y 100 persons, conducted through
 the street to the waggon, and with a guard ol
 some 49 men, brought back tu English Prai
 rie.
 It was pleasing to the friends of humai
 rights (o witness the spontaneous exciletnen
 throughout, to see the people leave their har
 vest fields and rush to the rescue .ty hundreds
 On our way hack, the people in their fields
 would wave their hats and cneer ua —in lac
 I have not seen so many smiling faces in
 long time. Too much credit ouAnot he givei
 to the people of English Prairie, fir within i
 short time after the arrest almost every mm
 from the immediate neighborhood was in pur
 suit. and the watchword was rescue—and ii
 they had not been discharged, you can guess
 what would have been the result. There are
 three ot these fugitives now on English Prai
 rie, and the citizens have resolved that the)
 may stay there; and they are prepared to pui
 resolution into their resolutions.
 When we left Woodstock the slave-catch
 ers were under arrest, and 1 have just learnec
 that they occupied the same cell in jail the
 following night that the fugitives did the pre
 ceding night, and were finally compelled tr
 give bail, when they made tracks South as
 fast as tha fugitives did North.
 In haste, vours,
 EPHRAIM WILCOX.
 Cor. Milwaukee A/nrican Freeman
 General Taylor’s Slaveholding Com*
 mittee.
 Gen. Taylor has, at last, put himself undei
 the sunieilance of a Committee.” This,
 we are satisned, he ought to have done long
 ago. But such a committee! Tbe Lord
 save the country, if it is to be ruled by a
 coterie of which Balie Peyton is the head.
 It having been asserted in Nsw Orleans thai
 Old Zich” had repudiated the lepresenta
 i tions made for him by the Louisiana delegates
 j to the Philadelphia Convention, he authorizes
 his Committee” to issue the following
 card
 A card. We are authorized by Gen. Tay
 lor to say that the course of the Louisianna
 Delegation in the Whig Convention, lately
 assembled at Philadelph.a, meets with hu
 entire, full and unequivocal approbation.
 That he not only never doubted, but nevei
 intimated a doubt that his honor and reputa
 tion were safe in their hands.
 Balix Peyton,
 Logan Hinton,
 A. C. Bullitt.
 New Orleans, June 23. 1848.
 Who this Balie Peytnn is, OOl
 readers will doubtless remember. He was, a
 few years since a member of Congress fro:a
 Tennessee—ooe of the most notoriously infa
 mous “slave bullies” thtt ever disgrace*!
 the country. He has ail Urn violent hatred ol
 Northern man and free institutions—all tha'
 slaveholding and alavednving bkmd-thirstineai
 that distinguishes Henry A. Wise, wiihoui
 any of thoae redeeming qualities, w hich u
 the css 3 of Wise, command the admiration ol
 even those who abhor his general character.
 Such is the mao selecteJ aa the chief coun
 sellor of the Whig candidate for tha Presi
 dency.—lnd. Dan.
 From Cb»a.~Tbe brig Michigan, Captain
 Vareev, from San Juan, Cuba, the *&gt;ih
 July, arrived at th» port Uua monung. AH
 was quiet at San Juan whea aha sailed, bui
 ail American vessel* leaving for the United
 States were strictly searched for fugitives
 The Michigan was sjarctu-d by the Govern
 ment officers, h the expectation of finding
 Gen. Lopes, who had. however, escaped i
 we k prJvtoM fro* Mttamaa, and is bow u
 New Y rk. At Crenfuegre several ef tb&lt;
 chic; .turn had been arretted on aoupicten ol
 be eogaged in ph* overthrow the Gov
 ern were in pnaen. Cap*. Varoej
 heard of an tnmble tt Trinidad, and did not
 believe that any bad nrcorred TraceUer.
 First or Auocsr.— Ore anniversary el
 Went indie Emancipation was cetobralad al
 Lyon by a pfome. N. preaakA
 and speeches were mode by Edmund Quincy
 Wendell PWhp. of Bomoo,
 Rev. Tha*. T. Stone ef Attorn, Rav Mr.
 Shackfotd of Ljrno. W. G. Allen of TWy,
 Mias Lucy Stone ef Were Brookfield, and
 others. A Urge andinoeo wao present, u
 who* the proooedcttffl wen a so*roe a thi
 b,ghrit pifltiuie. ghdttM Qmmdt*
 K7* The first message thieagb by tetoyrepft
 from New York-to New Orioao* wan name
 ed in the Utter oity ea the Ifith ok., treaoawt
 tod oa thtt rnoaraf and received in ihi
Tax Dka» Aun !&lt;—The Iri* Qea. Cnrj
 •kon Tom Conrin m tmimaMh 4tmoi
 iofaed m 1840, ha* made bis uMHM
 thtMonp a hwor of Gm. CamTCfoa a
 iwmi oeamtaa ha ma4a a nmu» «|m to
 mm aMer Senator Foote UaM.
 The Detract Adrajuaer repots him iathli
 wmy:
 Ware I aftin member of Congress, aaid
 the Greenland iffy member should ml reduce
 the aiavery dif—ins into that body, 1 would
 rote to hare him tahenfirom the iU, and
 tied to a WHIPPING POST, AND HORSE
 WHIPPED FOR IT,” or words u&gt; that ef
 fect.
 Geo. Caas has Some ctrirrfmus friends ia
 Miss, and Michigan- f£te. Journal.
 As lama Worn* of lotempenae habits,
 naomd Mary Scott, died w Pruudeeoe, oa
 Monday ia oooaeqoeoee of taking
 an orer dose of pills.
 A great many, am reckoned intemperate,
 bare lost their tires from the same cause.
 ITT* 656 emigrants arrived at New York,
 mi Monday. Of their number 339 were from
 Liverpool, 184 from Glasgow, 91 from Gotten*
 burg and 117 from Hamburg.
 Rhode Inland AaU*SUrerr Pair*
 to thk friend* or the oppressed.
 Dear Brethren and Sisters
 Be not weary in well-doing;' ’—your
 00-operauon is atili needed to carry on the
 work of relieving the poor and oppressed. It
 ia aaid, Gud works by means—then certainly
 it does not become man tu discard instrument
 alities. Do We not believe that this is God's
 work? Then are we not ready to act as Hts
 agents—to hold whatever is entrusted to us,
 either of time, talent, or money, consecrate
 to his service 7 Who can doubt that Liberty
 and Human redemption are always objects of
 tender regard and especial blessing with the
 infinite Good Who can doubt that He is
 unsparing in the means to promote this glori
 ous end Who of us, then, will hesitate—
 or rather will not hasten to be with the Ail
 Good a fellow-helper 1 It is a glorious—it is
 oca glorious privilege. To do good ia a
 blessed privilege—blessed to the agent and
 object; so blessed, that we could almost be
 thankful for the world'sevil and wretchedness.
 Then the patience and fortitude that come
 from the strife with evil, and from continued
 self-denial, are they not above all price
 Now, friends, for your good, and the good
 of our biethren and sisters in bonds—for the
 good of the world, that the current of human
 sympathy and kindliness that is beginning to
 flow may be increased and hastened, we ask
 you to assist in preparations now making for
 our Annual Fair. Thanks to you for your
 promptness and kindness in behalf of former
 t ffnrts—be assured that many souls have been
 comforted, and many distressed ones made to
 rejoice. Before you decide how much you
 will do, just review the numberless favors,
 blessings and privileges yon enjoy—take s
 view, also, of the deprivation and distresses
 of your fellow-men. Then call to mind that
 only article of the Philanthropist's creed—
 -44 Whatsoever ye would that men should do
 onto you, do ye even so to them.” Now de
 cide, and we fear not the result.
 We ask for anything that you have to give
 —Money, Cloth, Produce, Groceries, Cloth
 ing, Fancy Articles, the handiwork of the
 mechanic, contributions from the Field, Orch
 ard and Garden—anything that can be turned
 to account, will be gladly received.
 Our Fairs heretofore have been eminently
 successful. As our resources increase, the
 field of operation enlarges, and to meet the
 demands of the present, the proceeds of this
 should be larger than any former. Books,
 papers, tracts, and the voice of the living
 preacher are demanded. Will you help us
 send them
 Our next Annual Fair will be holden in this
 city, on Wednesday, (commencement day,)
 September 6th. Having sent us your contri
 butions, then give us your bodily presence.
 Contributions will be received at the Anti-
 Slavery Office, and by the undersigned.—
 If sent to the Anti-Slavery Office, please di
 rect “Amarancy Paine, Anti-Slavery Office,
 Providence, R. I.
 S. R. Harris, Providence.
 Mary R. Clarke,
 Mary Steward,
 Sarah R. Smith,
 Abby Thurber,
 Lucretia Francis, 44
 Elizabeth H. Brown,
 Mary Hathaway, 44
 Parentha P. Janes, 44
 Olive Taber, 44
 Janette Harding, 44
 Harriet N. Prentice, 44
 Sophia D. Peek, 44
 Anna M. Scott, 44
 H. B. S. Red way, 44
 Sirah R. B. Foster, 44
 Elizabeth B. Chase, Valley Falls.
 Abby Burgess, Pawtucket.
 Sarah Gould, Coventry.
 Mary Anthony,
 Mary H. Adams, East Greenwich.
 Sarah J. Brown, 44
 Mary W. Greene, Apponaug.
 Rebecca P. Aldrich, Greenville.
 Betsey F. Lawton, Chepachet.
 Joanna K. Ballou, Cumberland.
 Sophia L. Little, Newport.
 Caroline A. Robbins, 44
 Anne F. Westcott, New Providence.
 Francis Clarke, 44 44
 Priscilla Coffin, Olaeyville.
 Providence, R. 1., June 1846.
-.BtKKIEU
fa Scott, Cortlani Co., oa the SSth ultimo, by
 tbe Rev. Varxu« Hull, Dr. C. F. HARRIS of
 to Miss LUCRE lIA MARIA,
 only •imigater of Alsigexs* W tha foroier
 ptoee.
Commercial.
(Uchiitm. Aug Wti7, lam.
 Tat pr lace resrket coaUmt* very anrl; the
 mb- u It W4J last weak. Wheat cftiii ift from the
 arigllb in-in; e m itry ta eowJiniUe quantities, ud
 fee am k-« rater active fete otherwise.
 To* .'loia't hft reaiefcl I'm New
 Tori otaiket fearer, and a link more favorable la
 b4krs. It haa however had ao etket here. Good
 Wheat may be qouted at fe 1 ,01.
Rochester Wholesale Price* Carre at.
 FLOUR a*» MEAL—Duty ttf e»dr»J
 Floor, p bbl 4 75
 Core ore, p boob Si
 PKUVUION^ —D*t; lbtue,
 Doner aai Lari. Ml pc; Cheese ®pc ad tal
 Fork, (amis) Bl*
 Do- ia buf 400 B 4 SB
 Beef, cert. S3O• 4 00
 Do- bbl. (mm) 700 800
 Lard (triad) f»
 Do. (leaf.) B
 Ham*, (smoked) 18..
 ShoaUers,do. B 4
 Turkeys p fe
 Qwckare
 Psttdm, bask. Cl
 GRAIN—DuIy; p e ad ral
 Wheat, breb I 00
 Cora 40 A-• 41
 Kyi -.44
 Oats ..n m n
 Barley
 HlDE*—Duty, fipcadval
 ST" r I.* t
 ftkaapPetai 100
 SEED3 —Duty; Intend IB p c; Mastred IBp
 cadre!
 Oarer 4 79
 sr» *nB
 Cudtecat 4»
 •UNDUE*—
 fcbspbM. -t»
 Ajjpke.pbafe ff
 w&gt;.dried N B BB
 ®B».rde«
 Ktepbreh ...lIC l«
 ■at. Ptaa .»BB• If SB
 Hard wood
 Mmri f«
3U&gt;derti»Mtieftto.
*BW PE*P FACTSIT.
 THfi refcrerfttt kU rmbil to fa*** 6*
 i rkiiwi sf ff thmw mod riwsiij, teat te W
 hp» reibliskail a Freqp Foetocy, u RX4.
 xOrnnM, where ha vSHskmn Wait ana afl
 wffi* an fcvtr ia srfcfe tew* pttnaw.
 Havtoghad eressdsnMa —psiitatn mhialaasf
 Re pledge* hit—lf to farateh as good as
 ertirk, and of as good material, as ran be procured
 as any other mitar cstahlidiHkut hi d9i cue. Hit
 Fwnps are firaafced with either wood m had mo,
 at mat amt cwtoaan. He ihi toaopbet, to order,
 every Jaacriptkm of AqOdM Lon, or Lead Pipe
 Th* admorim sriH take pbasmv hi dwsctsre tech
 of hit casmmtri aa may sam ha tha toformafinn, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to aO caßa for
 T»C. drdbsf, or btatting weßs, promptly, sad st
 reasorebto rslsa. All kiads of Pup repaired to
 ordtr.
 (30* The shoos work will be finished st the
 lowest prices, for cm. Persons will do well to
 fire kaa a cal before pnrckumr elsewhere.
 J R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1)8
 Cist Grocery »4 Pmhioa Stire.
 No. 133, Main attest, corner of North street.
 (014 Stand of Edward BardweiL)
 JUST receive!, sad will he kept constantly on
 hand, an extensive asd complete assortment of
 Grocer tea sod Provisions.
 A large lot of Groceries tost received, bought in
 New York, at the lowest of the very low pricss of
 the present seasons
 Sugars, front a good Wtide at cents per Bt. to
 the best crus bed sod powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico, Constant ia and New
 Orleans Molasses, Very low for *he quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, Codfish, Rice, Raisins, whole
 aad ground Spices, Fruit*, and all the articles, too
 numerous to mention, which make a foil variety to
 ■apply every want of families or dealers.
 Qwict fresh Green and Black Teas.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffees.
 Cash paid for pro luce and provisions.
 The attention of formers, fljtr families ad! dealers
 ia respectfully solicited. Those who have long fre
 quented this well known stand art invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in want of goods in
 my line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 prices.
 1 sell f.r Cash only, and can therefore afford to
 s-ll low. A new lot of g &gt;ods expected from New
 York in a few days, f intend to moke arrange
 ments s-ion to k~ep a supply of Frtt Labor Groceries.
 Customers shall be assured of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and price of my goods.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, July, 1348. 3.u29
Important to Farmers.
 IDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Grass
 Plow. The Farming Public are hereby informed
 tha Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 scriber for his recent great improvements in the con
 struction an 1 manufacture of Field Cc ltivators
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionise
 the whole system of forming, by reducing five expense
 one-half or more. Wherever they have been intro
 duced, they have met the decided approbation of
 formers, as the following certificates from the intel
 ligent and practical formers whose names arc
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and use I the Patent Wlieel Cultivator, invented
 by Nathan Ide, of Shelliy, Oileans Co., New
 York, and believe it to be, as a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
 team labor; he can also sow it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that it can De regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up tlie ground thoroughly, or
 only jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, wc
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Medley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, tl»e «n lersigned, purchased one of Natlunn
 Lie’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it to much bettervtone than by the
 old pi iws; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 We consider this Cultivator one of the best
 labor-saving implements in use, and as such com
 mend it to die forming community.— Genesee Farmer.
 After these testimonials, the Suhecrilier deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, witli tu various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No former wlio folly understands his
 interest will be witltout ouc, as it is on invaluable
 implement.
 The wheels are 32 inches in diameter, with tire
 and buslies like an ordinary carriage wheel. The
 body of the Cultivator is a stout frame with two
 rows of teeth, 3 before, and 4 beltinl; a tongue
 completes the wltole, which is firmly attached to the
 frame, and serves to g lide an! steady it when in
 opeiation. The teeth are cast 14 inches long, pointed
 with steel, and so formed as to wear sharp. Every
 part of the machine is built iu a strong and durable
 manner.
 The advantages of this Cultivator are manifold.
 Ist. By means of the wheels the machine runs easy,
 and the teeth go to a uniform depth. 2J. The teeth
 are so long, that the machine never chokes, the
 ordinary cobble stones and boulders rolling readily
 between them. 3d. The tongue guides the imple
 ment with accuracy and precision. And 4th. At
 Seed time, by going the last line across the lands,
 small channels or ducts are firmed leading into the
 mam furrows, which effectually take off the surplus
 moisture, and thus render the wheat less liable to be
 winter-killed. An additional improvement has
 recently been made to this machine, so that the
 wheel tnay be lowered and frame raised 7 inches or
 more, if necessary, and thus the depth regulated.
 A boy ten years old can raise or lower it with ease.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufoctnred by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where formers are iuvited
 to call aai examine for titcinselfes.
 New and Second-Hand Clothing,
 At 43, Eachmge Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would nwi respectfully inform
 hts frien Is awl the Public generally, that he has
 constantly on huni an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Cowls, Panta
 loon*. Vests, Ac., with which he will supply
 Customers at the most re»s &lt;a-l&gt;le Price*.
 L. S. desire* aloo to inform the Public, that he
 attends to rep- ring aai renovating, wbien be war
 rants to be done al the cheapest rate, and in the
 be*t and neatest possible manner. His long exreri-
 J sacs ia the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may paiimuae him, that hi* sak shah be dome
 j to their eatire uiiifretioa.
 Rochester. July 14. 1848.
TKl&gt;kSi TRI .\kS I
 PIE first quality of art id* ie to be had at LAING
 It BON NELL'S aew Eatoblisnmrat, No. 66,
 Slate Street, BoHetttr. Aim a rneral assort*
 ■wt of Vaftsee, Travelling Bara, fee.‘which are
 i ode ted at the eery lowest pores (r Cma.
 Carnage Tri toning executed ta the fattest style
 •ad with dirpuuh, by J. T. L*i&gt;.g,aft hreaoi l stood
 *ia Stete Street, opposite toe Sbioioa House.
 J. T. L. baviig ha&gt;l extensive experience ia tl»e
 Eaatrra eto/k u, Lprt to give asu.Leii &gt;o to a
 geaerree public who Moil Lvor bua with their pn
 tronagi*
 Rockeater, J&gt;ly 14, lIP. |t
ALBLKN mmd ROCUCITEB
 RAIL. ROAD
 ON and after Friday, Jane SOU.. there wHJ be (fare
 Passenger Train, dad. each wat
 Lrering R abreae. at t.tf p. &lt;7.15 P. M. sad
 12. Lint.
 Lenriag AaUra re A. M-, A- aad
 5 l TW *i ar Ihiedaie, te train having
 ABmjt eod Trey aa Satardm evening, wifi reareia
 Plated far te evening Mia.
 Etarwsaa.—TV fires BdfiUa,
 V*C ‘cbrerev daily, at 1J RL, a ill alaa bares/
 Mr be diimwieasj aa fiwadavre, te goad.
 MTU. WILET, BanariaMdauß.
 larbseur, Tnendey, life Jriy. kfik
 HOJte worn lePoßicii.
 Arecat, ead reatral hretear bt aes^foTtl*Centre!
 Caart, where ba wdl ba moet beppy la wafcwme reeae
 efihe Frieeda af Beferre. at waardb tergn.—
 Ha wiakn hi* bate re JBre*
 Freadere, tb* Friuseuvr fio.#urey arere .add
 Chte often urttlEwbiterei area l.
 KHWETmi.
 Vaeeea, Ang, If, H
job nuimM.
 THt NORTH STAR OFFICE, is Aral* 1 1
 1 w*&gt; as# M W tk* rmtmtm 4 ovary
 d—ahxto* of Priori** wffk rrnttmm mi hSSfsssh,
 ante Waff pttoaa for Mb.
 CawakJa, IfibefUdtof*
 Pamptfcfs, Cords, Idbelt. Ah-
new Publication**
 Tt7 ltL ttADT IN A FEW tUt*.
 iMm, sritk a IrAT dhmksf
 HtfUmmS Uaendt.
 Aidrem m the Simem efthe Oaf*
 M stmm. Thrn oddsem was mtoemd U ths No*
 tmaal CwremMa at iMbfo ia 1848. Th» if HI
 ts small, ami tkrnw who dsotn coosa* will do w«l
 sead to fteir order* early.
 Jl ST PUBLfSHtD, s Lenars aaikM Trß
 **d PtitttTCfftaimi or tii Citaa
 R e hy tfrnry Highland Garnet.
 PsWished at Troy, N. Y. Orders atasafc* to.
 April W, 8k».
Open t» the PabU.fiam t, A.M. to 8 F.Jff.
 Hoorn is neatly furnished, aad the tables tiled with
 om Aoti-Slarerv, ftngtnats, lain
 gtotti, Pobtieo) aad Litsrery fapart.
Narrative of the life of freimcr.
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by huomtf Vha
 had at this office, pries 90 cents.
NOTICE.
 THE Copartnership heretofore existiac Vstwsaa
 CLARK A DUNCOMBE, was
 sdred oa tha Ist of April, 1848.
 A. CLARK,
DR. CLARK, still continues at No. 89 SoMth’t
 Arcade, Buffalo Street. Dr. Clark would ia*
 form the citizens of Rochester and sorroonding coun
 try* ffi* l h* keeps a good assortment of Thomsooian
 and other BoUnic Medicines, neatly put re with di*
 rections for family us* also for wile Dr TkpffWoa'a
 New Materia Medtoa. This valuable work should
 be owned by sTery pracutiorer and femilv ia did
 land.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, !948. tf.
Hair-f uttinsr nd Dresslifr al
 RALPH FRANCIS'* Saloou, under tha Eagld
 Hotel, Buffalo-Street. jna! 14—9 m
BOOKS, Ac., For Sale at the AitTi-Stavtnf
 Office AReadixc Room, No. 25 Boffidg
 st.. Second Story opposite the Arcade:
 Narrative of Frederick Doug la sf.
 44 44 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 Spooner on Unconstitutionality of Slavery.
 W. Phillips reply to do.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated by its effect on Woman.
 Abo it rich varkfr of Fancy and useful artislsd
 made by the Ladies 1 Anti-Slavery Society.
JVow in the Press
 A TRIBUTE lOR THE \ECRO,
 betvo a vmuicsTioir or t»e Meritsl, intel
 lectual AND RELIGIOUS CAPABtLITIIS OF
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 With particular reference to the African rmee.
 Illustrated by numerous authentic facts, Biographic*
 Sketches, Testimonies of Traveller*, Ac.
 The motives which have actuated the author i*
 preparing the above-mentioned work, are solely fl
 desire to interest and enlighten the ptfoPe rfflhd, on
 a subject intimately connected with the happrnfess or
 misery of a large portion of the human frunily; aad
 by a relation of forts and testimonies, which w
 assertions can annul, to remove n deeply-rooted pre
 judice, existing in the minds of many, respecting the
 African race.
 It is an important question whether the Negro is
 constitutionally, and therefore irremediably inferior
 to the white man, in the powers of the mind. Mock
 of the future welfare of the human rare dtfpertds od
 the answer which experience and fcets will furnish
 to this question; for it concerns not only the vast
 population of Africa, but many millions of th* Negrw
 race, who are located elsewhere, and the whits* who
 arc becoming mixed with the black race, in coumrie*
 whore Slavery exists, or where it has existed till
 within a recent period. Many persons hare root to
 ed upon peremptory decisions on both sides of tha
 question; but the majority appear to be still uosailf
 (led as to the real capabilities of the Negro rare.— l
 Their present actual inferiority in many respects,
 comparing them as a whole with the lighter colour
 ed portion of mankind, is too evident tohe disputed}
 but it must be borne in mind that they are not in
 fit condition for n fair comparison to he drawn be
 tween the two. Their present degraded state may
 lie easily accounted for bv the circumstances amidst
 which Negroes have lived, hoth in their own country
 i and abroad. Ifa single instance can ha adduced at
 an individual of the African race exhibiting a genius
 which would be considered eminent in civilised Euro
 pean society, we have a proof dial there is no incom
 patibility between Negro organization and high in
 tellectual |v&gt;wer. But it is not one alone, but many
 remarkable cases of this description that are brought
 forward in the present volume, which includes up
 ward* nf 150 Ihoyrophical ski tehee of Africans or their
 descendants, besides Facts and Anecdotes, Testimo
 nies of Travellers, Missionaries, Ac., the whole
 forming a complete "Tribute raarmlVir,no,’ 4
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un
 founded calumnies which have been heaped on the un
 fortunate race of Afriea, proving them to lie endowed
 with every characteristic constituting their identity
 with the great family of Man, awl consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which is n daring usurpation of the
 prerogative and authority of the Most High.
 The work will be rendered additionally interesting
 by AX AFFROPRIATE IX fROUCCTO RT POEM,
 written purposely for the occasion, by BermaßW
 BaRTOX. It will also ha enriched by the addition
 uf a lieautiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to tlte London Missionary Society, representing two
 Natives of Smith Africa giving rCvi&lt;ience before a
 Select Committee of the House of Common*. Tha
 Africans ore giving evidence, Dr. Phillip to seated
 in the foreground, and James Read, sen. and jua.,
 Missionaries from South Afrioa, are standing, the
 latter acting as interpreter. The volume will also cao
 tain portraits of
 CixB«», the Chief of 44 Aimstsd Captives.”
 Jax Tzatzof., Christian Chief of th* Atnahare
 Tribe, South Africa.
 J. W. C. Pexixgtox, a highly esteemed Minister
 of the Gospel, of pure African extraction.
 Frederick Douglass, the fugitive-fore.
 Olaudah F.qoiAXo, ovGcstavcs Vassa.
 Engraved on steel by first-rate Artiste. Also a Fac
 simile of the writing of Tocssaixt L’OllVia-
 TORE, the Black Chief of Hay It.
 The work will he printed in the best tree, oa Ire
 paper, and consist of about 500 pages Bv*.. fnaqtifsl
 ly bound ia cloth, wiUi on appropriate device, form
 ing an elegant volume for the drawing-room table.
 All protosortotog from its sale will be devoted th
 the Aau-stovery cause; Anericaa pries, tesabsrsi*-
 ers to nao-suUwriliars f 4; tedivaJaato desirtx
 of possessing copton will oblige by sandiog tktfr or
 den to Uilsox Armistea*, Leeds: wutto
 North Star Office.
PROSPEECTUS OF THE
 Aaerkaa FfereMlßffcti J#«riEl,
 O. POWLEB, EDITOR.
 r) reform and perfect aaraetve* and nmt race, ia
 the aaoet ranked of all works. Vet, to da this wo
 •rest rederstoad toe Human Cwartttofiua. Tha
 Phremilofv, Physiology and Th»f Magnetism *m*
 Iswt.ire eence expmeed rt fee laws «,(oar bring,
 a&gt; aditioee ef heppreree, and rmuaiiwa te itiMiii
 pber shine of Cnivcrsal Triah.
 PHKtXOLOGr
 Each number wilt canlain either the analysis and
 ioestaua of aome pbrewologiraJ feraltt, tfeiSttmted by
 an Ei-grsviug, or aa arttcai am tew reteamtiedst
 aad also te ovgatealioa aad dferartev of mare dm*
 liafatabed peteoaage,*ecnuiparei il fajrja Uuaeea.
 PHT»IOLOOt
 lleahh Life, The peal mstreawat sf tafere fir
 tae aad happaaeasr afi of which m aagaarnis T» i*
 pareervßiiaa reri nw*oratww,*paciei aiream— wdl be
 given.
 MXONETItM.
 Wife practial Usstranw. i-tereiiag fete, ted
 cboiea Crate which k akbhfe. »W ba peatehtei l»
 this Joaraai.
 TOUfiO ME*.
 w2r J2J
 tauosw, wdl ferre te there* af a Mbi efartwlre.
 «Etr'!MT*crrtsiejVT.
 Whadsa* aa* Mg aaswecßy, and woald teeplva
 mi hmariy. (a cahsvte hta aatasal aar ur. and
 I— lie hi rent brew? aad arei* teJTfe te,
 ante areahar wdl Be aretete hud lenfeaeA.
 TEKMN-«arena% advteea—&lt;MVK BOLL*
 Ail A TEAR.
 feih Intel wiß bh
 Ta reeaite mteite, liwgre aad twdreu ft*
 POST-PAID
"
