"The grape vine.
 •v iOktiu citrti.
 la skvdy «?ell a ymnj gnpt riat fi*ew—
 Hjm’'!y it trailed cn U* »ft prt grouol,
 \Vanaei by tk« **nshn*, and aarttd by the dew,
 And finned by tie t*phyr* that bUyad nroead.
 W.H, beariM 6otrer» grew ctbM by «t* *ii«.
 Round which it* tacdril* wnid loving’y twine,
 Whi!-* rich parplb gr&amp;pes coaid enlj half bids
 Their weakh ’neats the leave* of the graceful vine.
 Awhi!\ an l tint vhe retted it* lowly head,
 I p, ujj, t’wards tin blue and tunny *ky,
 Ao i spurning with pride it* green notty bed,
 L kc 1 dow i on the flower* with a *corafol eve.
 ft rang, stronger it frew —high, higher it rote,
 i le, wi &gt;r it upreai to the mrainer air,
 it I- the in &gt;r. a* *a dawn ant the evening’* elate
 faw it b Vi I y cii nb in it* proud strength there.
 An l it vi- l at b ng h with the n .l&gt;!&gt;: f»rm
 Of a to 1 an Iwi Jr-spnca ling f»rest tree,
 Thai in *r &gt;ined the wi ad, that had I wared tbe
 st »rm,
 WI 1. 1 i rr&gt; k~I the temp-rt .n century.
 At ir. r», an .nt i. -&gt;n. an at rl&gt;*» of dav.
 From it* gret i btan h*** there tiiriiiinly stole,
 T.ir wit i st.a c n n t f the nt-jrkirvg-bird’a lay,
 i i tne *»•*-’•.i ig me* of the ori ,I*.
 T,i via? 1 .p«mt—th? tree give it ai!,
 To it* n ihle f&gt;r n tU l.ght toniiii* clung,
 Whil neatly rone -.1 bv the g e&lt;m b*at shade,
 'J Ik- lark, p nj.i grapr in rieli clusters Inny.
 I'* f t mingled I. nest!" *a::v &gt;ll bnrte store),
 I i :h mi the n■ jr Ile i sunbeam* felt,
 Wt, I tli iti» in »urnfnl v. .1.1 wis bear.!,
 A* wintoi w i* i /ling the sum ner’n knell.
 An eiobimt inert i* that ripe on the tree,
 tiro'.vn up m it* wi!! i*m, an i strength, arid pride,
 Oi that ib.ii ii.i on our Ln 1 of t.ie fice,
 Shi oar f i- .itlu-rs feught, an 1 bled, and died.
 At iir*t it wi» h i ob’* an I hid its fare,
 Anl ii::-ikly j.L'i f,r it* criminal chim,
 T.i&gt;- g 0 t!i i; ir an 1 iliut dark-browed race,
 A id tin-:, 1 i th sia in humanity’* name,
 Ikr it \hi '■tu.mgth, and it raised it* head,
 i! it ofr -i e t!n» in t.-k it had worn before,
 W '.id?, like the i iv-trec it thrive as it spread,
 1 1 p’.e ith ;&gt;o &gt;r A ;Vi-a i’&lt; c «tJ*e no in ire.
 Tin &gt;e t ur s /.it u-rii La Is, ’neiiili its upa* blight,
 R.isvd b ■rt-reiidiag groan* to the pitying sky,
 W i/" nii Mtr w ith tii* power and hi* might,
 I, on all unmoved and with teailes* eye.
 It stan Is y si I; with our own free land—
 It asks protec’i hi; we let) 1i» our aid;
 i give :h s' ,vcr a frien dy ban
 An !lw iiiru ilie laws of our lan l are made.
 We vot&lt;- fir the tluv ■bolder’ sham?, oh, shame!
 V v.nt iti• inst of our liberty,
 Nor pans we t, t'.iuk that only in name,
 Am 'lies s nis the lan lof the free!
 I have rfi! «(rnewher,* of the stately foim
 t&gt;f a I /W. I ine around which a vine,
 To sl.i 1 r If from the win I n.i 1 the storm,
 I! ii in W-, dines* t&gt; climb an I twine.
 K /it i I', or h a id rou.u I leaf di it* tendrils cling,
 1 ,ci »s-*r it cJasrie i the noble tree’s side,
 Till we mV and wn il with the crecpi ig tiling,
 Tbe h*art of tin* stout oik within it died.
 JVew Ha m’l thou ar* like tli? oak—beware!
 Thnigi fe.ii 1 ofdangT thy fate may be,
 For u of f.j :**||..:»;Lit, ur la kof care,
 LTa th" f.to f i aat./c forest tree.
 Oil dan do tlie ri.iit—oil dire spurn the wrong,
 Laiv rai- thy v.,i. f r the ;»uor and oppressed,
 An 1 thy lI shr’.l live ir. annal* and song,
 i’hjj La 1 ol lictiaOii), tiuu notiu of the blessed.
 rvsrEX SriRITS.
 The -a.i ioiv&gt; Viv along Broadway,
 I’was u"ir t! e twilight’s tide
 An s! nviy here a la.ly fair
 W t* w alking in her pride,
 A! me walked she: but viewltssly
 a Iked spirits by her side.
 IV e charnrv 1 tiie street beneath her feet,
 And h nor charmed the air;
 And al! a -tir looked kind on hor.
 And called her good as fair;
 For .di God ever gave to her
 ted: kept with chary care,
 tslie k-pt with ctire her beauties rare,
 F.oin lovers warm and true;
 For her heart was cold to ad Lit g ild,
 And the rich came not to won;
 And honored well am cr.arms to sell,
 If priests the selling do.
 Now walking there wa* one more fair,
 A slight gill, lily pale;
 And she had onseeu company,
 To make the spirit quail;
 ’Tuixt want aad r oin she walked foilorn,
 And nothing could avail.
 No merry no.v can char her brow
 jj tins w.nl.’s peace to pray,
 For, as love's nil i prayer dissolved in air,
 U'-r w.i.niiin’s h at! gave wav!
 F&gt;ut the n i t irgucii by Christ in heaven,
 By man is cursed ahvnv.
 LIFE IS ONWARD.
 BV O. VV. VViTHUtOTO*.
 I.tfc is onward—use it
 W iili a t a ward aim;
 Tml is heavenly—ehooae it,
 An 1 i:s waifare claim.
 L ok not t i another
 To pet form your w ill;
 L: t t y our own brother
 Keep y our warm hand still.
 Life is oi.wai’d—never
 L k upon the past—
 It would hold you ever
 In its clutches fart;
 N&lt; w i* y./ur dominion,
 Weave it a.« you pleafc;
 Pi.i 1 not the S.»u!’* pmiun
 To a be J of cane.
 I. fe iv onward—try it
 Lr&lt;- ii e a, ii loft;
 1’ hath \ii in**—l uy it
 At w latever c &gt;st.
 L tae w ii shout 1 o.'Vr
 I‘io y j it riou* g» m,
 I- not at tae c itier,
 Bart, n l for them.
 L I is on wo, .—herd it,
 I coca varied dre**;
 our own act ran *pccJ it
 t hi I hof pintf*.
 Hi* bright j inion o’er v f, o
 r jo', a".
 1: ii c.i nit betore voo
 H i prophetic *trai i.
 L .’.l —p. .i&gt;- t
 li!’ C .!&gt;n il l «•'»,-m
 ft.i 1 d&lt;&gt; n&gt;t d sr.'ne it,
 1 i its femibfest form.
 II ..s' a.i! j y tc g tin-.,
 Man ir g t t te g /al,
 Tl. !.i.i st w utlwr,
 ikrt or. *h *'S»I.
 TIME
 7ii&lt;* is n i&gt; tteay i n ‘-me u.iw*yt &gt;t;
 n«:*.;.Mg I n’ t x '-t l/IV lirl»,
 V» my Li.i ru i» a H
 II oi* u. in :n ii. .-oi:!* t .in mu *s
 i Sotri, an 1 &lt;i,r.onie»*,
 Not v t i uy ye *fng rot I n
 B*"tan» I 1 w i ,i« p.n, if ill* w.&lt;* liiut
 lof lo!' oiitics, not lji m hiduws?,
 Not t v ltd d n &lt;y n lindr-M dreuntf^
 Bit to jmo o hn,, i -rve uwwikJnd,
 I- f&lt; 'CSMit (ji .iili"* were give i
 tl i tx-*s"r t i ,n- t u
 Aid v’.wfte lis t, an Jdi Ip life
 it- 4aik t;aii 1 i* i|t&gt; h&lt;,ri| •k&lt; «v. a
Selections.
From die Liberty Star.
 BEAT THIS WHO CAIf.
M*. Editor:—A few dayi tine*. I
 vilited the farm of a Mr. Stephen Fish,
 in Con nee ut, Crawford county, Penn*
 •jflTtnia, and taw a vet j remarkable
 irrapevine. The peculiarities are each,
 that they have been thought worthy ol
 note in a public journal. Mr. Fiah re
 sides about three miles from Conneaut*
 ville, and the celebrated vine, which u
 the common aour or froat grape, groin
 in the woods on his farm. It com
 rnences near the root of a chestnut
 w iich is about fifteen feet in circumfer
 cnce, runs twenty-five feet on thi
 ground to within about two feet of i
 cucumber something less in size than it&lt;
 neighbor chestnut, thence it ascends
 1 preserving its distance about two feel
 i from the body of the cucumber aboui
 eighty feet and fastens upon a lirnb
 from which it spreads its branches ovei
 the top of the tree. The vine measured
 twenty-seven inches in circumference
 tweuty-fivc feet from the root, and pre-
 I serves its size without apparent diminu
 tion up the St) feet to where it is attachec
 to the limb.
 A question that very naturally sug
 gests itself to the mind of the curious,
 is, how came this vine to elevate itsel
 at a perpendicular height of eighty feet,
 before it attached itself to anything foi
 support? Bv what means was it sus
 tained during that growth? I venture
 one suggestion—that the ago of the
 vine is equal to that of the tree; \vhich
 cannot be less than a century or more.
 Mr. Fish, the owner of the farm, says,
 that when he came there, about thirty
 years ago, it was nearly or quite its
 present size. This fact seems to sus
 tain the opinion that its age must be
 about the same as that of the tree. Il
 this is so, it could have attached itself
 to the limb when near the earth, and
 then grown with the growth and
 strengthened with the strength of the
 tree.
 Any friends travelling that way will
 meet with a hearty welcome from friend
 Stephen, who will take pleasure in
 sliowing the curious this remarkable
 freak of nature. Moreover, in his own
 peculiar way of applying Bible-truth, in
 plain Bible language, before you are
 aware he will have you in a train ol
 tli night in referenceto the grow th and
 strength of slavery, that will truly as
 tonish you.
 That vine and tree are fit emblems of
 the relative positions of the North and
 South. As the vine runs about 25 feet
 along the ground, before it received
 any external prop, so for a
 while professed great humility, by as
 serting that it was to better the condi
 tion of poor benighted Africa. But
 when at length this wicked and heaven
 daring, hypocritical mask was removed
 she rears her head imploringly and
 asks, or rather demands that the north
 take her under its protection.
 This the north has fui hfi lly done, and
 southern slavery and northern servility
 have grown and fattened together, so
 that it is difficult to ascertain sometimes
 which ha 3 the ascendancy, southern ar
 rogance or northern bowdownism. I
 am inclined to think however, that
 there is little to choose in point of anti
 quity between them, for the north is
 just as ready to render help to sustain
 Slavery as the south is to demand it. I
 will only add if you believe Slavery to
 he a sin, and at the same time entertain
 the notion that the best way to prevent
 sinning is to elevate the sinner to a
 position in which he can spread the
 contagion to a greater extent, just call
 on friend Stephen Fish.
 He and his excellent lady will enter
 tain thee courteously, and render effi
 cient aid in opening thy eyes, and un
 stopping thine ears, and if thou hast
 r,ne drop ofthe milk of human kindness
 in thy bosom he w ill show thee that the
 way to abolish Slavery is not to vote for
 slaveholders and their apologists for
 the highest office in the gift ofthe peo
 ple. F.
BEAUTIFUL LETTER.
 I
 The following letter from a blind
 i girl to her friend, nppeard some time
 since in the Rochester Daily Adver
 tiser. Who, but one with a spirit
 i chastened by affliction could write thus.'
 It is a relief to turn occasionally from
 the turmoil of business and strife ol
 this political world, and contemplate
 upon such a bright spot in human exist
 ence—a frail spirit, receiving afflic
 tion as from the hand of a Heavenly
 Father, and rejoicing in the hope of a
 better wm id than this.—
 Lake Cottage, Nov. 25, 1847.
 i My Dear Lizzy. —lt is not pleasant
 to be blind. My poor eyes long to look
 abroad upon this beautiful world, and
 my prisoned spirit struggles to break
 its daknesg. and bathe again in the
 pure light of the upper skies. I would
 love dearly to bonnet and shawl mvsell",
 and go forth to breathe the air alone,’
 *ad free as the breeze that fans m&gt;
 brow. But as Milton once said to his
 1 favorite daughter, “It matters little
 whether one has a star to guide, or an
 angel hand to lead.” And, Lizzy, we
 j must learn to bear, and blame not that
 which we cannot change. The jour
 ney of life is short. We may not stop
 j here long, and sorrow nod trial disci
 pline the spirit, and educate the soul for
 a future lile, uuJ those upon whom we
 most depend we love m &gt;st. A good
 English writer says, “Let the heart be
 j iiisckiu! for an-/ circu'.ostances that*
 prove thy friend.”
 Iwo summers have come and gone
 -ince my W illiam died in Rochester.
 \N c brought him here and laid him
 down in the grave to-deep, close by the
 sale iol h-s ch'ldhond home, wb»r*» the
 Iwinds1 winds and white waves ot Ontario
 c une swt lbvgto th.. shore—and fci~h
 above its silvery hosmn, clouds, dovV
 nke are bang tig. One moon had
 hardly waned—the angels cnmr&gt; a win
 and while I slept .tUrkeued my weanin
 Co r-evtv. Ol Lu.xy, wa» sorrow
 ever so deep? An unyielding hlndu
 settled on a|! the joy* my heart had
 i wed. 1 asking av m truly a part
 jof earth. It lends a death -like air to
 our enjoyment, and mingles sorrow with
 our cup of bliss. U stop* forever our
 1 happy labors, and frustrates cur
 choicest plans. Those wb in we laarn
 ♦o die *nd the pril*) earth pr'&lt;
the lips we here loved to kbft, lad
 freesev the beert tuned to bent in unison
 with our own. List/, evermore 1 am
 blind end n wenderer, but not home
 lew. I have God, tny Father, the
 angels for friends end Jesus an elder
 brother.** The pure homes in man/
 hearts, too, are mine—dwellings dearer
 than all the world beside.
 This morning finds me et Mr. Ledg
 er's delightful “Lake Cottage," seatwd
 j sod among the frees, where Lombard/
 poplars lid tbeir tufted tops almost to
 prop the skies—the willow, locust, and
 horse-chestnut, spread their branches,
 and flowers never cease to blossom,
 i Maggie it my kind amanuensis. Now
 she reads to me—gives her arm for a
 walk. Now. with her harp and tuneful
 I voice, unchains the soul of song, the
 whole covering all my thoughts with
 gladness, till I almost forget my “night
 of years*** and live in a land where
 swells with melody the air, and sorrows
 anu tears are unknown; all joy* are
 les9 than the one joy of enduring kind
 ness. Her smile makes the sun shine
 i of many hearts; the cloudless dawuing
 i of their new enjoyments.
 It is Thanksgiving day, Lizzy, and
 )my thoughts have been wandering
 backward, far over the current ol
 years. Reflection is indeed an angel,
 when she points out the errors of the
 past, and gives us courage to avoid
 them in future. Maggie is reading the
 Book of Job, and this evening my spirit
 more than ever looks up in thankful
 ness to God for the Bible, heaven’s
 purest gift to mortals. It is the star ot
 eternity,whose mild rays come twink
 ling to the nether sphere; erring man’s
 guide to wisdom, viitue and heaven.
 Ihe Bible is the book of books. In
 comparison, Byron loses his fire, Mil
 ton his soaring, Gray his beauties, and
 Homer his grandeur and figures. No
 eye like rapt Isaiah’s ever pierced the
 veil of the future; no tongue ever rea
 soned like sainted Job; no poet ever
 sung like Israel’s Shepherd King, and
 God never made a wiser man than
 Solmon. The words of the Bible are
 pictures of immortality, dews from the
 tree ol knowledge, pearls from the river
 of life, and gems of celestial thought. As
 the moaning shell whispers to the sea,
 so the Bible breathes of love in heaven
 the home of angels, and joys too pure
 to die. Would I had read it more
 when my poor eyes could see. Would
 that more of its pure precepts were
 bound about my heart, and 1 had wis
 dom to make them mottoes of my life.
 The world may entertain Hts ideas of
 a magnificent deity, whose government
 is general, but let me belhive in the
 Lord God of Elijah, whose providence
 is entire, ordering the minutest events
 in human life, and with a lather’s care
 arranging it lor the greatest possible
 good. Yes, Lizzv, when storms gather,
 and my sepulchral way il dark and
 drear, with no star to guideinor voice
 to cheer, my sinking spirit refuge
 in the world wide sympathies of a Sa
 viour, who did not chide M*ry for her
 tears, and came himself to ijyeep at the
 grave ofhis friend.
 My dear Lizzy, I fear I written
 you too long, and too sad a tetter; but,
 dearest, do not think me melancholy;
 like the rest of the world I have more
 smiles than tears, more good than ill.
 Let me thank you may tunes for your
 kind invitations to be with you on New-
 Year’s day, at your new home, and for
 your gentle hint that Santa Claus will
 be there too. Maggie says that his
 majesty will be in the country at that
 time, and 1 must stop here; however, I
 shall be with you Lizzy; till then good
 bye, with my unabated love.
 S. H. Dk. K.
LABOR.
 What a dept of gratitude, of grati
 tude unpaid; and. I fear, too often un
 thought of, does the handwriting on the
 wall mark up against us at the very
 mention of the word. Labor! What
 has it not effectecd, what 13 it not con
 stantly effecting for us! Lajbor ploughs
 and digs and tills and cultivates the
 ground and sows and reaps and gath
 ers into barns, and grind;* the coru.
 Labor builds the ship and nails across
 the ocean, and penetrates the most
 distant climes, and encounter dangers
 and faces ditficulties, and ransacks sea
 and land, to provide the food which w*e
 consume, and the cloths weijrh we wear,
 and the jeweled ornamc-nts which
 fashion calls for as an offering on its
 shrine. Labor erects the house, cuts
 the railway and the canaj, bores the
 tunnel, rears the viaduct and the bridge,
 levels the mountain, pirces the ruck. It
 weaves and spins, toils and works,
 plies the loom, strikes the anvil, thun
 desr at the forge, wields the hammer,
 1 sinks the mine, raises the coal,and ac
 complishes evjy-thing, from th»- monster
 cable of the noblest of our wooden wails
 to the most delicate of silken threads in
 a lady’s work-box, and from the loftiest
 pile of architecture to the scarcely per
 ceptible eye of the smallest needle for
 which it is intended. Iu short, as the
 Elephant, with the same trunk, tears
 dowp the stoutest tree in the forest and
 picks up a pin from the ground, so d «es
 ladur procure for us the greatest and
 the least, the most important and the
 most minute, of the necessaries of life,
 ministers to our luxuries, increase our
 comforts, and, with its ever inventive
 and untiring ingenuity, constantly wi
 dens the sources of our enjoyments and
 amusements, well, be it so," it may be
 some cold and calculating nature will I
 reply; and what then? It labor works
 for us, do we not pay it for its work,
 and there d*es not the mutual obligation
 end? This is a most miserable way ot
 looking at the matter and no way of
 settling it at all. Humanity should not
 keep such a close dept or and creditor
 account with man. Property, we have
 been told* “has its duties as well as its!
 rights,' and. in like manner, inverting
 the maxim, 1 would say, that labor hat
 its tights, as Well as tt» duties, and one
 of it strongest claims upon us, I think.
 is r that wa should not oaly “give a fair
 day’s wag*** for a fair day’s work, but
 also provide it the school, the lihrarv,
 anti tha institute, with a fair day’s re
 creation w hen us fair dai’* work is
 dout*.— Speech tf Ik* Rtc. Jauut •itpi
 .ail. al IluildtrwjicUl.
 ——j
 SCP Somebody tried to excuse a liar to 1
 l)r. Johnson, saying. “You must not
 behave more than half of what he says!” 1
 |‘Ah.” ns pi ttd. the doctor, ‘but which
4 CB&amp;fTCt CM BELL B.
 According to Retd, ere said to
 have been invented by Paulina*, bishop
 of Kola, in Campania, about the year
 400; they were first need by the Greek
 empire in Bfi4; and were introduced into
 monasteries in the geveath or eight cen
 tury. Three bell’s were placed in a tow
 er of St. Peter’* at Roma, by Pope Ste
 phen 111. In the ehorcbee of Europe,
 they were introduced and came into
 general use in 900. They were first
 introduced into Switzerland in 1030.
 The first chime of bell* was hung in
 Croyland Abbey, in Lincolnshire, in
 960.' The custom of Christening bells
 is very ancient, and was expressly
 forbidden by Charlemagne, in 789.
 Nankin, in China, was once famous
 for its large bells; but they were of such
 an enormous weight, that they brought
 down the t iwer, and ha%*e since lain on
 the ground. One of these bells is 12
 feet high, 71-2 feet in diameter, and 23
 feet in circumference; thickness of the
 metal at the edges, 7 inches; its weight
 is computed at 50,000 lbs. This enor
 mous bell is, however, small, compared
 with the cast in the reign of the empress
 Anne of Russia, which, according to
 Mr. Cox, weighs 432,oUo lbs; its height
 is 19 feet, its circumference at the bot
 tom 21 yards 11 inches, and thickness,
 23 inches. The beam on which it was
 hung, being burnt, it fell, and a large
 piece was broken out of it. The weight
 of this enormous mass of metal is esti
 mated to be worth a sum upwards of
 £300,000, which lays unemployed and
 useless. Mr. Bruce makes mention of
 a hell cast iu Czar Bori’s time, which
 weighed 330.000 lbs; It was 19 feet
 high, *23 in diameter, and two in thick
 ness.
 In the belfry of St. Ivan, church ol
 St. Nich las, in the Kremlin of Mos
 cow’, is an enormous bell, whose cir
 cumference is 40 feet 9 inches, thick
 ness 16 feet 6 inches, and it 9 weight
 upwards of 57 tons. The bell in the
 inetroplitan church at Rouen, France,
 is 11 feet in diameter and 13 in height.
 —According to Dr. Moore, there is a
 hell in China 13 feet C inches in diame
 ter, 42 feet in circumference, 12 feet 6
 inches in height, and weighs above 50
 tons.
 In the Cathedral of St. Paul’s, Lon
 don, is a bell weighing 11,474 pounds;
 the clapperof which weighs 180 pounds;
 the diameter of it is 10 feet —The
 largest bell in England is that of Christ
 College, Oxford, which weighs 17,000
 pounds. The Great Tom of Lincoln
 weighs 10,840 pounds. In 1824, ac
 cording to Thomas Reid, a bell of 13,-
 808 pounds was found in one of the val
 lies of the Jura mountains in Switzer
 land but how it came there, seems to be
 unknown.
A BAD ROOM FOR HEARING.
 Mr. Scott Ru33el{ has thus lucidly
 explained one of the causes of bad
 qualities, in the construction of a room.
 He shows that in a large square room,
 of the usual form, the reflection of the
 same sound is carried to the speaker’s
 ear by different paths, and in different
 periods of time, the result of which is,
 the confusion ot successive sounds and
 syllables with each other, and so a pro
 lific cause of indistinct hearing, it re
 quires another principle to afford the
 remedy for these evils, which Mr. Rus
 sell believes to be quite new. He calls
 it the principle of non-reflectiun and
 lateral accumulation of the sound
 wave. It was originally suggested to
 him by the observation of a similar phe
 j nomenon in the wa\e of t ;e first order
 in waters. This wave he considers to
 be the type of the sound-wave; and,
 on examination, he finds experimental
 evidence of the same phenomenon in
 the latter wave. He has observed that,
 at angles below 45 degrees, the sound
 wave is no longer completely reflected
 from the surface on which it impinges;
 and when the obliquity of the wave to
 j the surface is 60 degrees, a phenome
 non of non-reflection, and the wave
 continues merely to roll along the sur
 face, in a parallel direction to it. This
 fact furnishes a ready means to remedy
 the evils so often produced by the re
 flections, and echo, and interference of
 I sound in public buildings. Wherever
 it is possible to place flat or curved sur
 faces at such angles, that the direction
 of the sound shall be very oblique to the
 surface, it may be harmlessly disposed
 of, and prevented from injurious reflec
 tion. This is exactly what the stalls of
 a choir, the side chapels of a cathedral
 and the partition of boxes in an opera
 house, do so successfully for buildings
 of a large class. The same principle
 enables Mr. Russell to explain the
 whispering gallery of St. Paul’s, (which
 is circular,) and another equally cele
 brated, mentioned by Saunders, which
 is perfectly straight. The same prin
 ciple also explains the conveyance of
 sound along the smooth surface of a
 lake, and over the flat surface of a!
 sandy desert; aa well as extraordinary
 reverberation or accumulation of sound
 in some portions of a budding. London
 Magazine.
 Presidential Statistics. —The fol
 lowing statistics will be useful to those
 who take an iutere&amp;t in president mak
 ing
 Recapitulation of Presidential Elections.
 Vear. No of Votes.
 2,702,549
 2,402,058
 133 d 1,501,298
 1,280,496
 le2S 1,102.418
 Majorities of Electoral Votes.
 In 1844—Polk over Clay 65
 In 1840—Harrison over Van Buren 174
 In 1837—Van Buren over Harrison 97
 In 1832—Jackson over Clay 170
 la 1823— Jackson over Adams 95
 A boy at the Latin sch iu our city,
 in reciting a lesson io the classics, the
 other day, gate the passage “Pompe
 ius clam tl node Caesar palam cl inter
 dim," the following bold rendering:
 ‘Poinpey ate clams by night. Caesar
 by the paiifu| and tn tile day tuna We
 need not sav, the worthy teacher fainted

 l
 Dat nke* Fish. More than a hua-
 dred gaiioas of whisky were lately
 einptmd into the Grand River. The
 was, that the fishes got j
 to tipaey that they swam blindly upon;
 Lha beach, -ang were taken without any
 Tcubia.
 ifr
2Uroertiotmrat&amp;
Fite Liber Cmls.
 Tk/f Alft/FACTURED by the AmHcm Fit* Pm*
 ill dura Aw&lt;M&lt;«,Hd for sab at No. 81, North
 Fifth-tract. Phifadafahra:
 Manchester Uiafhaio*; Chucks, IffNiaihr*
 aiture; Caatou Fbauet, ■rfilnrbnt; Mtetia,
 Mooched sad anbfaochod, of vorfoa* qaaUdoc aad
 width; tbia Madia lor hniags, brutex aad Colored}
 Bad Eft ToWefa; black aad white Waddiaa;
 CaOaa Lap*; Lamp Wick; Bad T«ftJaf, aa «x»
 celiont article; Calica, Stockist, Kaiaiag CoOoa.
 be. be.
 Or&gt;r* £jr Oort* or letters drawn* iafarmulran,
 aanr be addreaecd to J. Millar Me Kim, 81, North
 F.ftbratreet; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth -etreet t or to
 Immea Mott, No. 88, Cbarrh Affoy.
 1 farfoaod bimlaaaw aractraeat of PriaU aaw
 on head. jul-tf
Aiti-SUrery Oflce,
 Ao. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL aeeorttoeat of aoti-efavery publicatioae
 is kepi constantly on hand. Abo a tuaibnaii
 variety of miscellaneous poblicatiußS, aad eatfal
 aad Fancy Stationery.
 AB letters relating to tbe business of the office
 to be direria.l to J. Miller HcKim, 81, North
 Fifth -street, Philadelphia. jul—if
rra a\d silk rats.
 FARRI.NGTOV PRICF, naimlwun. ,nd
 dealer in Far end Silk Hats, Cloth aad Far
 Cape, Ladies' Fara and Trimming*. Buffalo Rubes
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, Ac.,
 Ac. Ac., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 93* A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves aad
 Mittens
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea*
 sure in announcing to tlie public that they nave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a ropqly.
 They are also offering on tlie mosifanorableterm*,
 a lare stock of Sole and Upper Lcatlier, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, vrith a full assortment off Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will find it
 greatly to tlieir intciest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE A PANCOST.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OP
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on tlieir anival by the Biitish steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white r»|-er, and
 are faithful copies of tlie originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile oi tbe Edinburgh
 edition.
 'I hev embrace the views of tlie three great parties
 in England—Torv, W big, anti Radical. Black
 wood*’ and tlie London tkoarlerly” are Tory tlie
 “Edinbtugh Review” Vt hig; and
 ster Review” Radical. The “North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very h’ghcst order..
 prices for 1848, (ir subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the lour Reviews, 5 3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 500
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will be
 sent to one address on payina.it pf the regular sub
 scription for tluec—tlie fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the Britirh publishers of
 BKickwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the ham's of subscrilicrs lii ibie any
 portion of it can be icpiintcd in any of the Auictican
 Journals. For this and other advantages secuied to
 our enbscribcis we pay so large a consideration,that
 we may be compelled to raise tlie price of the Maga
 zine. Theiefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be r.lways
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers/
 LEONARD 3CO'rr CO.
 70 Fulton street. New York.
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 BY LYSANDER SPOONER.
 The Albany Patriot calk it—“A neat pamphlet of
 108 pag:-s—a very remarkable production.”
 Whether all the anticipations of Mr. Sqooner
 would be realised by the tall adoption of his theory,
 we do not here slop to enquire; but we heartily com
 mend his endeavor to the notice of all who tore a
 transparent fin cible dictias—intrepid independence—
 original thought—and entire freedom from tlie cant
 of sect or party. Asa judicial writer, hehasadepth,!
 a compass, tar beyond any one whose productions
 have wet our eve in a long time.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine says—“ It abound*
 in bold and original thoughts. The illegal causes of
 pqvei ty are stated, and a number of important propo- j
 silious bearing on tlie subject laid down; and.ontiie
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying— I
 affording as it does many valuable hints totlic states- j
 man and political economist.”
 Tlie Bangor Gazette says—“ An able and certain- 1
 ly original work, from the pen of Lasamier Spooner,
 Esq.—author of that powerful hook which demon
 strates the anooustilutionality of American Slavery.
 There is no w titer ot tlie age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,* This new work is des
 tined to lead to a re examination of all funner sys
 tems of political economy.” At first bioek his eco
 nomical proposition* strike us as sustainable —and if
 they are so, his work will pie vail, and produce an
 important ievolution in the pieaont prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one shook! read it.**
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Clustered in l Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 6300,000 —Benjumin W. Richards, Pi evi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts firmi in
 dividuals corporate bodies, and courts of iustice,
 and execute them ag.eeabk to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money w trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add s boons at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of Jawary
 i last, an aliition was mi! to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force an 1 issued prior to l iswary Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, oo the aw sawed
 in poßr.iet iseund in 1837 7j per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions ammUng
 in iktf respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of s widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it wiki fa* sees on exam matin* of the
 table ef rates of the lift insurance, which wiß bn
 Burnished by the subscrdier to ai who may fast an
 interest in the subject, that by paying a small sum id
 the office every year timing his life, a tereuaiaay se
 en&amp; to his km3j A wry cunstdsraUe »mn—t at his
 decease-
 Wherever the tjmm tf Life Imma ispeopsrly
 under stood, it is extensively adopted, sad its gnat
 advantages to all, but more especially tn thoae who
 depend on their on umunitions fr the support mf their
 taraiL--t, or who iua, be 0e»... jj* It reeme the pay
 ment ofa «um of .n t»&gt; thei friends, creuiturs or
 cfeifcjrea, at their decerse, which they might be uth
 erwiV nnahte tw Uut Umwp*.aiioaofthe
 system nee but to be cxp«t'&lt;*d V. tauure the surv
 mss r-msi Ir resin* of dm paMie.
 I* sa*sni tastaaee* it ha* happens 1 that the ynsw
 uwvul has died shortly after haring paid oak o*e
 or two mrtaWnS* ofrkm pre.wiam, when his foaitK
 have roiistlkoMUht «dm* ikekH-tao*at for
 whwh be had utaoteJ,
 FaD iafifinit uo oo this important sihjsrt trmy fa*
 oUaiaai by applying, p*rso*oJly or by totter (post
 paid) toe o&gt; tea ut tns safcnorther, t L ssahanaad
 ngeat of ffis Uinrd life Inauronee Company.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL.
 Rakswsll's Law Buildings,
 Grant stiwet, Pittsburgh.
ROBERT MORRIS, J».. Attorney aad Corns.
 JL l ITilfcij. nijißj
 Bor* ._ ll &gt;l L
 »ml #tSsm» sna
post km MlUJa.Vmkn jMAtgMfcdi-
 Baakae aid Cmum.
 laatmd Fail, Ae. Ac.
 Bttac Aswtt far meat of Ac iifatcciii Faradv
 vcfacHi Patent Miilici—, c ad race iviaf the
 AiMtlj froo the M raffinate* or tfaewAfoate,
 a=
 Hsrarenpathk Books, Ml prices, cad Ftecfly
 Cccra, wok M dinctMac. Qaly e#ra» for Weo*-
 M New Turk.
 Afao, Sherwood** Till stm r Mxg—lk Madscs,
 with direct lusts.
 Phosgene Gu| also Etbcrwi 09 cad Loape, far
 MWmng the a* Th we who wuoU coooJl eeo
 eotef cad cu ve me* are invited to firwmtw* these
 TV uf Coo'd j M err ha tils, Phy
 tic is Fanu lira, ul them, «i4ui| fuudl in tee
 above line, fa morale I *t tbe Al OTHECAIUEB*
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 OWEN MORRIS' CITr BINDERY
 veoxe ear amvs—face rtsaxa A aoeeis.
 MR. MORRIS was in tbe onplejr of Mr. Motti
 Morse for seven rwti, and daring that lime
 procorod far him three Silver Kodak, far tbe beet.
 speciwsns of Book Binding, exhibited at tbe Me
 chanics’ Fairs held ia this city end Buffalo.
 Gentlemen's Libraries fitted so and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodical* bound;
 aad finished to any pattern. Blank Account Book*
 executed at thfa establishment hate given unequalled
 satiofoetioo, fay their durability and elegance. Strict'
 attention fa always paid tn the quality of paper Med,
 to reader them equal to the best ia tbe United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies* Scrap and Guard Boohs, Albums aad
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufectered to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, Ac., may be
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to tbe above directions, stating
 price aad style, may rely upon their being well bound
 on the moot favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up tlie establishment, and introducing into
 Western New York the latest improvement* in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS.
 CHy Bindery, under the Museum.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Bu'alo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of tbe best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by u.«, at Mill prices, in laigc or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers anti Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of f LARKSON’S HISTORA
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the subsequent
 abolition of Shivery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of tlie Audior, done on steel, —a
 book which could not lie imported for less dian diree
 dollars, ran be had at 21, Comhill, if applied foi
 immediately, at the very low price of Ore Dollar.
 cash. Also, EULOGIUM ON CLARKSON, Lv
 Alexander Crvhhell, at the reduced price ol
 twelve and a half cents.
MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 10, Brattle Street, having
 made leccnt additions to his slock, is prepared to
 furnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 and fit, and at as cheap) prices, as can be obtained in
 the city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STOKE,
 No. 56, Union Street, Boston.
 JOHN W RIGHT keeps constantly on hand i
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing.
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goo*:!-,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, Sic., exchanged tor new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods,
 from one to one hundred dollars.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blnckstone-st.
NEW HCOKS.
 FOR S.AL: .it tlie A tiii-''fa very Depository, 21,
 Cornliili—namely,
 I’he Lil.fity Bel! foi 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William tiruwn, 2 t Edition, with a Idi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, bound,
 37ic:ts; in paper covers, 23 cts.
 Mr. Shackford’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 12| cts.
 Position and Duties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody, dels.
 Six Months at Gracfauberg. By Henry C. Wright.
 Dick CrownirtgshieH, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference helween
 them. By Henry C\ Wright. 3 cts. single; 25
 cts. per dozen.
r |TIOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street,
 x sign of the Golden Ball. New and Seeond
 hand Lluihrug Store.
ISAAC 11. SNOWDEN, Book, Newspaper, and
 1 Fancy Joh I’riater, 3^, \V ater Stiert.
 GO* All orders promptly attended to, and neatly
 execute!.
The Massachusetts Qssrterlyßeview,
 f COMMENCED on the first of December, 1847,
 V to be continued on the Ist of March. June, ana
 and September. It will be devoted to the tuteresl
 of no party or class, but its conductor* will endea
 vor to present an open »*d fair field fi&gt;r the notice
 and discussion of matter* pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, and llumanitv"
 The Review will be conducted by R. Emer
 son, Theodoie Paik.tr, and J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number will contain about 125 pages, at the
 price ol p 3 a year, in advance.
 Uommmncatioiis, subacnptions, Ac. should be
 addressed to the Pubhsiieis,
 UOOLIDGE A WILEY,
 12, W ater Street, Boston.
NEW t'OKK ADfERTISEMENTS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General rvdaction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Pi tuts, various styles.
 New sty les of PrutU of ue»uim quality,nsual width.
 1-toe and wide paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices. Ginghams, various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, sad Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine §-4 Plaid Moolin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Hanoels 4-4 good and price lose- Canto* fennels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of diflereat stylos.
 Apronaad Fanntare Umck. Cotton Haarlksrcbmfe,
 Twilled Pantaloon Studs. Alsu kuu
 Dulling, Ae.
 ■“fbalf Hose, fine aad heavy.
 KwuufCottea, vaiiuns Noe-, hfearhad, brown, aad
 J®* 1 wioM grades.
 w »*fe rtoek eadosively Fie* Lal&lt;or Goods
 to ivhmh tha woahUvi* the.ttZ£
 f^ t&gt;au y anrehaats, as well as tus friends aad tl»
 P«Afec
 Mm* puns m taken by the Msnagari of the Pis*
 rrudwe A«.oct» turn, u&gt; assist the Smfaserjbee io a*.
 fr* SMotUzst from tune to time.
 UEOKGL V». TAYLOR,
 Nurlhnaest curuci Fifth ami -tt
 *i «u. Ut. 408. tf
T^bR to “f Uharty.aad Ifans of Trato, ktth
 pages «f dose
 eeaueg; Mi, -asuonurs. an about sixty
 •wmtmif* t t vmgs. Turn 37| ets. in madia
 »*d 15 «‘iii i ptroot euvcis A Vcjy hbaral die-’
 ooant to those v. i ffiuoe a n* über of eoaies
 The ComtMioa, Liammea, Ifoghu, and &lt;d
 Wo mm«.fr»*«i vortuus autlsas, Ui «t*u.
 L*uar to th* Peugle of toe'L'nhrtl Status, laaeka^
pHILfP A. WHITE, Dnggm, rarera of Fro*
 A fort md Gold SteM*.
FOWELL, Start Home, U,
 DR. J. M'CUNE SMITH, 98, W« B«u4.
 w»y.
 T JIN MINGS, Smfevo*Daati*l. 188,
 Brent way.
JOSEPH C. HOI LY, B*&lt;4 and Shoe Maker
 Nu* 91, Ctauluvy Street, Brock He.
 N.B. K.|«inng neaty executed a* the *hmleet
 •Mice ami on tbe wom reasonable let m«.
TITM. H. TOPP, Merchant Taifav. 648 Breed
 vv May. Afaonn extensive nasoitaßeat of Cratets,
 Stocks, Hoeiry, Gives, ke.
 Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
GENTEEL HOARDING YIOISK
 pH ARLES IIIGHGATE, would respectfully In*
 v/Lfotm his fiietv s and the f oldie, continuer
 te oevute every attention to tlww pleased to favci
 his home” a ith a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 622 P road way, Akat.y.
 Feb. 18. 1848.
TITILLIAM RICH, Hair Dreraitif sad Bath,,,.
 vV Saloon, Troy House, Tn y. New Ywk.
 WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots aad Shoes, 80, Funbaee Street, New
 Bedford.
 B. L. keeps constantly mi hand a good assort
 ment, and will aeil cheap for cash. Stiict alter tioa
 to custom-made work, by Means. Parker aad
 TTTASHINC,TON’S TV rum,an Gallevy. 136,
 Main Street, Kellogg’s Buildings, liaiUmd,
 Coaaarticat.
KOKTIIAItnCSjrATEK CttE.
 Flectricitr sad Hydropathy.
 THE r »,riic w,c tesic tfully intoin«d. tliat sires
 the phik snphical tVf’wtiora of tlie learned Dr
 Means, of Emory C, Ikge, Ga., and the'scientific
 experiments of Mr. HcniDicr id England,* have
 recently and imulitally ertslliabed the fact, tls:
 the conclusions at which the undeisicncd arrived t y
 tbe sriise of touch, in 18*14, aie in l.ara.ony »,tt
 natural and yhysiofogMal laws—to wit, that the
 human l»&lt;iy, in a healthy condition, is in a pcwitnc
 rlrrtncal *tatr, and that the rlertiicai CKanatioua
 fmm the cuticabr surface, indhate Valrh, or the
 sttef t« ms aad cliarac ter of disease—there is aai
 reason to hope, that rntain i hysiriars, ignoraiit of
 these principles or natural Lus, a km wlet'ge
 which is essential to the safe ami intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cca.-e their vocileratiins
 against the rosiTivr mfctrical state of the
 human bra'y, and will hesitate to dissuade tin *e
 whom tltev Iwve tailed to relieve of their complaints,
 front so&lt; king nature's ren m'y at the NoßiHAMr
 tor M ati r Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may le pein.itted I tie
 to rep,at his ex|ciicnce, that, in all cases where the
 wrist, st&lt; mtich, or lungs, ate in the electro-negative
 condition, the atient is leyomt the p&lt; uer of water
 to afford relief. On the other I and, when tin fait#
 of the hotly alluded to, ate in tie elertto-positive
 state, however disarranged, tlmie is gicund to hope
 foi a cure.
 Had not the results of past years* practice
 already convinced the ful lie of the safety or fiufh-
 I illness of the riitnples by which the undersigned is
 govemed, in detecting the sjnij toms and character
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, 1 y l'r, lemr
 Means and Mr. Ilmnuii, c» uld aot fail to convuics
 the most inereduhuv-
 Gratclully apj lei fating tl;e credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic 1 racti
 tioner, ly a disrerning public, and the gratitud*
 evincetl 1y those whom he has had the pleasure I.
 relieve of their complaints, the urn&gt;isigned will
 assiduously emleator to strttain the credit,and n frit
 that gratitude, in tlie case of every invalid who may
 1 afford him an ojpoitunity t« efitet a cure, I y hi*
 oiit'inaf and phd. j I icaf method fjractwc.
 1 he No,thampton Barer Core is j icassrtlv site*
 ited near Benscnville, on the west l ank of I.'ukus
 Water, or Mill River, al out two and a half nil.*
 Horn the centre of the t. wn. It is conv,mcntl,
 arrange.-, wttii si par ate j a: I is, I a thing and i.irr*-
 ing-rucmn, for Larats and Ccnlltinen, wtl! nniil
 ated nn&lt;: conveniently lutnished kx'ging mrins, and
 a variety of baths, s«| plieu with water, wl.wh. tor
 al uncance, puiity, ami a. tq tedness to watei-ruie
 pm poses, is unsin fussed ly tlat of any chrr tsta
 blishment in this country, '1 l,c scenciy in tin*
 vicinity is ictuic»que ami roii.anlic. 'i here are a
 vnriety ol pleasant walks, sufficiently r« liter, to
 allow watci-cmc pi tirnt* to aj jrsr as they should,
 f (ainly dicsscr, enj. yng ll.cu* lamlkt wrtUut
 being exposed to j ul he g.:ze or ol srivatron.
 Amor? the cumj laints winch are fa re sn&lt; ecssfirlf?
 treated,are Iren, ache, tmi. twy ol hfood to the l iar,
 cold extremities, g eneraland nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver comp fa ini, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic itilLin matron &lt;rf the fa wols,
 |)i!, s, dysj cfsia, general &lt;l* bility, nervous and spinal
 artfctfom., inth.minatory anrl chronic rbetinu.tism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, faure Innl s, paralysis,levels, salt
 rheum, scroful. us and erysij elas hi mots.
 All pvfients wfa. vfau this establishment for a
 course ol treatment, sriuuid furm*h tliemseives with
 three comfortahles, th.ee woollen blankets, oae ur
 two linen ami tluee cotton sheets, two rillow ra»r*
 six or eight crash towels, mow well worn linen, w
 cut fi.r t.mentations, an old cloak or tuantie, an um
 brella, anrl a pair of slippers.
 eo for Up ln,c *"&lt;l »re Si 50 to
 .I** week, payable weekly— w ashing extu.
 A patient who from choice or the character cf ftri
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay F 8 00 per week—on the first anil see-nd
 te-ors, trB 50 per week. Fatients requiiing extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will for null their own nurses an.i fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLEB.
 Jyorthamjeon, March 1848.
N.B. Visitors to tlie Fstablishment, from ths
 east, went, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at live Noitliaaipton depot, Is
 convey them hither.
The human blood, in a norma) and healthy coa
 lition of the human system, is in a positive slats,
 which is constantly maintained by the artiviry of ths
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 mg off in silenee from the cuticulsr surface, so ust
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. flmimer t(
 England, upoa the uncovered skin,” 322 indirairf
 lit* presust of positive rkiinriti. This sui plosag*
 of the ftaid upon tlw- surface, we lsslicve to l&lt;* inifis
 pensaf.lt* to fbe kealthful condition of the vfw.ls
 anitnal economy, and th.il when, from any catoe, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoadd res*, 'folivered before the Medical Collers of
 i»Srt&gt;ia, at the opening of its annual session, .Sof.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor n(
 Chemistry anrl Pharmacy, amt Professor of I'hvsiesl
 Mei orae in Emory College, Ga., pag t 25J
ATIIOL RATER irk,
 T ,,E Subscriber begs leave to coil da attest**
 A of Invalids, esnenalk tlw« i«ffe(M«g l«v*
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic* estabhshmeui
 His opened m dw reesptioo of patirnu
 last season,ami it is lielieved oilers rutSsnt fa*. Ci
 ties f-&gt;r a pbikwo) b&lt;c and thorough eouise in hydro
 puthy. rhe supply of water is siewissi, arvi is
 purity has been pronounced “equal to water oo s
 distilled. n 7he location is quite eligible, being let
 ••w* diatanee from the V. AM. railroad. If*
 vicinity abounds in a vaiiety ol scenery, and i*t
 charming grounds for walk« and rambles. So that
 with Um water, tunable regimen, mountain air, aad
 exercise, patients can crairely fail to oblaMi t2s
 healthful rstylu for which tk-y labor.
 'Pba lottowing case liiustrao* this resnnrk. Mrs
 8., wife of Dea. B-, of INsisick, ktu., speJ
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me
 August. Her case preheated the following phtno*
 neon. If pUcest in a a erect position, and irtt u*-
 •npported, ahe fixthwith fell backward to d*
 If being well supported, site mads a*
 effort to walk, either foot, whew earned
 despite her efiorts to the coutiary, would cross ds
 offier. She had been ie this condition nearly
 year. Her treat meet commenced the 16 tn o» »«f
 and wee rontims*! to the 2&amp;b Oct. only. wbe*
 left, so for recovered as to be able to w*A fash
 •d* vulh obbv. &amp;i*ce nerreauru to her la»«i?,
 hisz fioiiti/iuej l«er hstki, with correspofk*
 to her health. She now attends »Mr
 tic toe aasistaaca ol
 guL does the murk of her fomilv.
 Fttients are desired to bring three comfort**
 •me pair of w«roifea blanket*, one pair of inert*.
 d-&gt;ae* towels auukeo, wan ofo ho**
 BBsoitges.
 (ram five to to* dollars per w«ek,
 !i5 to top ueteosstna or oi uw i
 n*** «rao are 1- it ox the
 *4t* wilfom ut •jerm*y umm iw so***®*
 wl to 'tM l «ilf be. charged less. -r
 Atotrf, March, 1543. GEORGE lIOVT-
THE DELAWARE ABOLITION!?T
 APAfIR of the abeve name a til be
 WtowsAgtori, by tw Detovaie AnU-Sfe** 1
 ftoeiern. )i will bee&lt;i«*d b) a Comautue,
 W paMhUd on a he»f 'run* sheet, at
 cams pa year, or fr* t .emy-towmindwr*.
 devoted to emeonpat* ia Delaware, e»d
 voCate its accomplishment by all hwla) amt*
 mill be pabluhsd sei«»-ew*lhly» *f oat*
 %s3str&amp;Bsr'

"
