"FRF.OKWCK ncHGLASS,
 M. R. PFLAVY, l R
YOL. I. NO. m.
The NORTH STAR it* published every
 Friday, at X*». 23, Buffalo Street,
 (Oypo.de the Arcade.)
 tekms.
 Two dollar* per atn«*. T,ef
 Mtb»cnptioa will lie received lor a teas terra u»»
 &lt;ix mooth*.
 Adverti*e.«MC« n&gt;&lt; recec Ting l** line, Miscft«l
 three ti.an for am dollar; ere.y .übwijurot iioer
 tios, twenty-live cent*.
 The object of tie North Sta k will lie to attack
 Slave at in all it* firm* and a»pcct»; advocate
 CritcrlaL Ema*cirATlO!«; exalt the .tatwhrd
 mf l*cai.tc Moralitt; promote the moral anJ hi*
 •ellectual improre&lt;aert &lt;4 the Colored I EorLit,
 «nd liaaiea the lay of FREEDO'I to die Three
 Million* of ,m Enslaved Fellow Cocs
 raras*.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 OCF All r ten ninr atieoA reining to the bxutimt*i
 m utrre of the pope na uca of suLs; liber*, remit
 t.tne-*,&amp;*., *'.i»itli be aulJres»ed ta John Dick,
 Publisher.
 A’cita, an l *ll others •cnii'tg names, arc
 «riuc*ted't i lie accurate, an l jive tii-; P d Of r,
 he Cm tty, an I the State. Ea h Suhscrilier is nn*
 mediately err life I f *r money received.
 55* A iv per* &gt;n ae tding in the pavin'")! for four
 •ulwciib"rs, to lie f irwai.lcd to one aiMre.*, niu&gt;
 have a fifth co»y f»r one year.
 All I.liters and communication* unwt lie pist
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 MtiiACHViKTTS -R. K. Walcutt, 21, Coruliill,
 Roitoti; Nathan Jol, .son, New Be If .H 5 Horatio
 Foster, L ovell; James N. Uufuni, Lynn; Ocnrge
 Evans, Worthier; Uonrne Spooner, 1 I vuioutli;
 Ctiarles 11. Seth, .Springfield David Kugglcs.i
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Lpton.
 Maine.—Oliver Den nett, Portland.
 Vluwomt. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer-
 risburg.
 Connecticut. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven|
 New II oiPsmr.E. —Weare Tapp.m. Bradford.
 New Fork.—Sydney 11. Gay, 142, Nassau;
 Street; James McCu’ic Smith,92, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Wontbnry, i’iuccit Counts; Marv Har
 per, Albany; Elias Dotv, Macedon; Willetts Krone,
 Pcm, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J. F. Platt, Pean Y’an; J. Jelfrcy, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Amaranev Paine, Providence.
 Pennsvlvani v.—J. M. M North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown.Pittsburgli; Win. Whipper,
 Colu tibia; E;tac Rib-i ts, Jacob L. Paxon, .Norris
 town, .Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 ton and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vcvsburgli, vVarcen Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Mich to an.—Rolicrt Batiks, Detroit.
 f......... t ..i ii i« e,. u T r,,
Communication.
ADDRESS
 7 u the Four Thousaui CAtrt l \otcrs of tLe Sta’e of
 SctD York.
 Fellow Citizens: —You need no
 other apology for my addressing you,
 than the bare mention of the fact, that
 I am o.ic of your oppressed, insulted,
 rejected, despised and downtrodden
 number. 1 beg leave to call you*, at
 tention to what are my own hum ale
 views of the duties incumbent on us, as
 exhibited in the present aspect ot pbli*
 ticdl affairs.
 I perceive that the Northern Star
 and Colored Funner,” recommends t
 you, as a tit candidate for the Presi
 dency, Hon. Martin an Horen. J’hc
 North Star,” which, 1 believe, is, in
 a more extensive sense, your organ,
 csciiews all political action. In tiiis
 communication, as in all my life here
 tofore, I feel compelled to differ from
 both of those journals, much as I re
 spect thtfir editors. Hut, while I know
 many of you to agree with the latter ol
 these papers, and while I know, too,
 that many of you will feel inclined to
 take the advice of the former of them,
 I also know that but too many of you,
 for one reason and another, (you will
 pard »n ine for d tubting the existence ot
 any valid reason,) will d. ift d &gt;wn stream
 in the supp »rt of general Cass or Gen
 eral Taylor. How you can reconcile
 such action as the support of these can
 didates, necessarily involves with a
 conscienti »us regard fir the interests,
 rights and liberties of the three millions
 of our enslaved brethren, and the hall
 million of the crippled, crushed, nomi
 nally free colored men, is to me, gentle
 men, utterly inexplicable. Hut para
 doxical as it is, i presume that it is too
 true. How deeply I lament it, words
 cannot express. Language cau convey
 to you but most imperfect ideas of im
 abhorrence of such treasonable deeds
 against our common cause.
 But the temptation to which, in my
 opinion, you will be most subjected this
 year, is to vote for .Mr. Van Buren.—
 That that gentleman is the nominee of
 the late Buffalo Convention, and the
 avowed representative of the Wilinot
 Proviso principle, and that a groat ma
 jority of the men heretofore known as
 members of the Liberty Party, will as
 cordially support him, as their delegate
 showed themselves eager to nominate
 him, will doubtless be among the plausi
 ble pretexts with which artful dema
 gogues will seek to seduce you into Mr.
 Van Buren’s support.
 Before entering upon an examination
 of these topics, let me r mind you.
 brethren, of the importance and the re
 sponsibility of your present position.—
 You are voters. In spite of that tyran
 nical, despotic clause, common to the
 old and the iew Constitution, which
 makes the enjoyment of the Right of
 unrage, in ~ur casGj dependant upon
 •property qualification, Four Thousand
 o us are voters. In a Government
 i e ours, retaining some vestiges of
 Republicanism, a voter is, in the verv
 best sense of the term, a Ruler. To
 him is committed, under God, an in
 tegral part of that power, which in oth
 er countries ,s wielded but by a very
 few, and in some cases by but a single
 mao, called Emperor or
 Now, if the one individual, in whose
 single hand the ruling power of a whole
 nation is concentrated,is umh rthe most
 solemn obligations to wield that powt r
 for the glory of God and the good ot
 man, to “rule justly, in the fear of
 God," so is every one of the millions of
 Wien, among whom this power is dif
 fused, under such obligati ms. That
 this principle applies to the black man
THE NORTH STAR.
of New York State, as well as to all
 others, surely none of ocr number will
 for a moment question. Would to God
 that we all felt the force of this truth as
 we ought to feel it!
 But when it is remembered that we
 are citizens of the largest, most popu
 lous, and therefore, in a political point
 i m! view, the most important State in the
 Union, and that therefore our action
 will exert a much more ceitain and
 potent influence upon the nation, than
 it would Ir 'm any other poiut, it seems
 to me, g«*ntlorn«»n. that we cannot fail
 to he iutpr v 'th the importance
 and the i v -ify of our position.
 You eann 't have fi rgotten that had our
 Stite in ISi4tr r t her electoral v**te in
 a dire ction t* that in- which she
 did cast it, the gentleman who is now
 President of this Republic would have
 been permitted to remain in the quiet
 seclusion of private life, while the op
 posing candidate would have enjoyed
 the object of bis long and ardent wish
 es. Or can you have forgotten that
 but five thousand votes, all told, turned
 the scale of politics, and decided the
 fate of these two gentlemen? Fellow-
 citizens, we possess four-fifths of the
 power which so resulted, and I beseech
 you to allow this tact to lead you to
 consider well your position. For my
 ow n part, I regard as the most important
 of my political acts, this which‘l am
 now, according to my best ability, per
 forming—addressing those colored vo
 ters’who hold the balance of political
 power in the Empire State.
 The question now arises, How shall
 we regard the political aspect of the
 times, and what are our duties in re
 gard to them? If you will receive, my
 humble opinions on this matter, fellow
 citizens, 1 will give them with all be
 coming deference.
 \Ve all rejoice in the Wilinot Proviso
 movement, whether advocated by Radi
 i cal Democrats or Conscience NYhigs.
 \Ve all rejoice in the grand demonsffa
 j lion made at the Buffalo Convention for
 I Free Soil. It is not at all an unfavora
 j hie omen, that men heretofore of oppo
 i site politics, so far forgot their ancient
 animosities, us to unite in the nomina
 tion and support of Martin Van Buren.
 But can the colored voters of New York
 State support that nominee and join in
 that movement? I answer, No!
 Ist. Because the Platform of the Buf-,
 ialo Convention does not include the
 Equal and Inalienable Rights of all!
 men. You search in vain to find anj
 enunciation of this principle among the
 many excellent doctrines contained in
 that document. The absence of this]
 corner-stone of the doctrine of true Re
 publicanism, to some, may seem the re
 sult of a mere oversight; to me, it has]
 the* aonearance of studied and deliber
 ate effort and desig i. Whether it shall
 so appear to you or not, yourselves]
 can determine w lien you shall have con- i
 sidered certain facts. Among them is I
 this, to which I invoke special attention,
 viz: Many of the most distinguished
 leaders in the movement, plainly and
 practically deny the doctrine. Gen.!
 Dix, a Senator from this State, is one
 of the most talented, and most influen
 tial, as well as one of the most aristo—!
 eratic, of the Barnburners of this Stato. i
 In his recjent speech in the Senate, he
 alludes to you—to us—to all of us, in
 terms as truthless as they are reproach
 ful—in terms w ii« h most plainly indi
 cate nix utter dis hi'-f in the Equal and
 Instil-* ta.de K.n»lits ol ill me.v. The
 same Senator ,tas v.&gt;t i against the re
 ception of Petitions, even
 since he has been in the Senate, and
 but a few weeks since lie voted against
 Mr. Hale’s bill for the Abolition of Sla
 very in the District of Columbia. In
 these matters, General Dix stands side
 by side with, and is not a whit better
 than Daniel S. Dickinson, his colleague.
 Senator Dix here proves, Ist, by his
 speech,that so far is lie from believing in
 the equality of man, that he regards the
 blacks as an inferior race, and incapa
 ble of such improvement as will fit us,
 for a position of Equality with the
 whites. Such, be it remembered, are
 sentiments uttered by this Barburning
 Senator in a Wilinot Proviso Speech,
 made June *2f&gt;th, ISIB. 2d. By his]
 vote against Petition and the Abolition
 of Federal Slavery, Mr. Dix gives
 abundant evidence that a portion of the
 citizens of this country, in his opinion,
 ought not to enjoy the inalienable right
 of petition, when pleading for the
 downtrodden and the dumb. How
 could he vote against striking off* the
 yoke and the fetter from the neck and
 the limb of the slave in the Federal
 District, had he at heart the least par
 ticle of practical regard f&gt;r the Inalien
 able Rights ol man? Another leader
 in this new movement, is Dr. Lapham,
 of Canandaigua, than whom, no man in
 the State fought harder, at the ballot
 box, in Autumn, Is4(&gt;, against Negro
 Suffrage. As much can be said of an
 other gentleman, an intimate friend of
 Mr. Van Buren, who frankly told the j
 undersigned, recently, that he voted
 against Equal Suffrage in *4G, and that
 his views on that subject are now un
 changed. Among tlie reasons he gave j
 for it is, that colored men are deprived
 of other rights! That Mr. Van Buren
 occupies the very same position, there
 is not the slightest reason to doubt. Is
 it strauge, then, that the political creed
 adopted at Buffalo, does not contain a
 declaration at* the Equal Rights of
 Man? Wos that doctrine omitted acci
 dentally or by designr Had it been
 inserted, it would have been in direct
 opposition to tbe words, deeds, and
 character of the leading men of the
 Free Soil party in this Slate, to aay
 nothing of other States.
 It may be said, however, that Liberty
 Party inen belong to the new party,and
 that they will remain trustworthy in re
 spect to the Equal Rights of Man
 The reply is, No Liberty Party man
right is op NO SEX—truth is op no color— god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren.
will go with this movement except those
 known heretofore as Hale men. How
 trustworthy they are now, is to b&lt;
 judged from such facts as the following;
 In 1846, with a professed eagerness
 to hasten the day of our political re
 demption, they abandoned (in too man}
 instances) our friends, and went ovei
 to our enemies. If this were an honest
 mistake, as it is believed it was, on the
 part of many, then why did they vote
 for a Constitution which disfranchises
 us? Why did they, in ’47, leap over
 the bounds of their party to find a can
 didate belonging to another party?—
 and why. with h*»t and burning haste,
 abandon that candidate in behalf of a
 mm pf? V J veto auy bUI for the
 abolitions ol»*3; v in ;he Federal Dis
 trict,” against the consent of the slave
 holding States? They aided in the
 nomination of Mr. Van Buren, in the
 absence of any other expression of his
 opinions on the subject of slavery than
 he made in 1836, ’37 and ’4O, which he
 was careful to repeat In 1848. Yes,
 prominent inen among them, one a citi
 zen of our own State, gave his first
 vote, on the informal ballot, for Van
 Buren. When desired to advocate
 other principles, immediately connected
 with, and legitimate deductions from,
 what they termed their One Idea,”
 they were too intent upon the abolition
 of Slavery even to listen to the discus
 sion of Land Reform, &amp;.C., &amp;c. It
 would be a respect of the poor slave,
 was their favorite plea. But now, with
 a sudden rush, they drop the abolition
 of slavery and go in for the mere Wil
 mot Proviso! Let their present position
 suffice to indicate to us what they shall
 he in future.
 i Suppose, however, these professed
 i friends of the friendless were all true
 to their professions, that is, as true as
 their new affiliations will admit of—sup
 pose that, unlike the Nyes, the Lap
 hams, the Dixes, and the Butlers, and
 the Y"an Burens, too, of the “Free Soil
 Party,” they maintained their ancient
 faith in respect to suffrage and other
 matters involving the Equal Rights ot
 man. They, being merged in this new
 party, become a mere minority of it.—
 Their voice is no longer the voice of a
 small but increasing party—it is now
 but the voice of an inconsiderable mi
 nority—of a great pro-slavery Van Bu
 ren party. Let us not be seduce d by
 the professions of such men, however
 I smooth and plausible their words and
 arguments. They have abandoned us,
 and have gone over to our enemies.—
 They have forsaken their own parti
 za s, their own principles, arid their
 own candidate,* for the pleasure and
 profit of forming a party presenting
 issues, of which the sinfulness of sla
 very is not one.” In what light, I be
 seech you, fellow-citizens, can the
 members of the Wiluiot Liberty Party
 be looked upon as being a whit better
 than their new political associates, and
 their new Presidential nominee?
 2d. We cannot support the Free Soil
 nomination, because the issue tendered
 by it is one savoring of some of the
 most odiously pro-slavery features. In
 1841, a bill passed Congress having for
 its object tlie adjustment of the Pre
 emption Rights of new settlers upon
 lands belonging to the General Govern
 ment. Among its provisions, is one al
 lowing the privilege of pre-emption to
 “free white male citizens,” and to such
 only. If, therefore, black men stttle
 in any of that territory which is now
 or shall hereafter become the property
 of the government, white settlers can
 buy the lands upon which such blacks
 have settled at government price, and
 the blacks be ejected, because the
 latter are not “free white male citi
 zens.” No alteration of this abomina
 ble law, is sought or desired by the
 new Free Soil party. If, therefore,
 they should succeed in electing their
 candidate, and chattel slavery should
 be, as it ought to be, forever excluded
 from the territory recently acquired
 from Mexico, free” as the soil would
 be, it would not be as “free” for us as
 for “white citizens.” Can we vote for
 a candidate, and with a party, whose
 Free Soilism is so limited, so contra
 dictory, so partial, so pro-slavery? Not
 unless we consent to, and aid in, our
 own degradation.
 3d. To vote for a candidate, is to
 vote for his political principles. To
 vote for Mr. Van Buren, therefore, is
 to vote for the continuance of slavery
 in the District of Columbia, inasmuch
 as that is one of Mr. Van Buren’s “de
 mocratic free soil’ principles. It is
 difficult to see how a man who gave
 his casting vote for the censorship of
 the press in ’3J—who made his cele
 brated Veto Pledge in ’37, and who
 exerted his utmost power to consign our
 brethren of the AmLtad to a Cuban
 gibbet in 1810, can, without the least
 evidence of change in his sentiments—
 without the least intimation that he
 would not do the same again, in like
 circumstances, be a fit candidate for
 any man, or set of inen, who believe
 such deeds of dark depravity to be
 either morally or politically wrong.—
 To me it seems just as evident that Mr.
 Van Buren is the representative and
 exponent of slavery in the Federal
 District to-day, ai he was iu March,
 ’*37, or as he avowed himself to be in
 his letter read to the Utica Convention
 of June, 1818. He is as much the
 friend of Federal Slavery, as he is the
 friend of Free Soil; and consequently
 to vote for him is just as certainly to
 vote for the former as the latter. Tu
 the argument generally urged iu answer
 to this, that if at cannot get all we
 want, we roust take what we can get,”
 “a half loaf is better than no bread,”
 it is a sufficient reply, that God, in his
 providence, never places men in cir
 cumstances which demand the aacri
 TWs e«uf—i— mu mrhfjrmg; their amS
 w*W akhlbew.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1848.
ficing of a part of a principle to the
 whole of it, or some of our principles
 to others; in other words, we are not
 called upon to vote continued chains
 upon our brethren in the Distriot ol
 Columbia, to prevent the spread of sla
 j very in New Mexico and California.—
 We are bound to wield our ballots so
 as to do all within the range of our pow
 er to prevent the extension and to cause
 j the extinction of slavery. It would not
 be invidious to add, perhaps, that he
 who can look complacently upon sla
 very, w ith all its horrors and abomina
 tions, at home, might be brought, under
 a pressure of circumstances, to give at
 least a reluctant consent to it abroad.
 In a word, a vote for the Buffalo nomi
 ne®, wr in position, not
 withstanding his “Free Soil" profes
 sion*, be a pro-slavery vote for a pro
 slavery canoidate, with a pro-slavery
 party. Can any of us cast such a vote
 under any plea whatever?
 4th. A consistent self-rcspqct imposes
 jan impassable barrier in the way of
 colored men’s voting the Buffalo ticket.
 Many of its warmest advocates are as
 ready to rob black men of their rights
 now as ever they were. It is but fair
 to presume that Mr. Van Buren is en
 tirely with them in this. Mr. Dix and
 Mr. Butler we know to be approvers
 and fosterers of the bitterest prejudices
 against us. The former could not for
 bear to hurl insults at us from his high
 place in the U. 8. Senate. To vote for
 Mr. Van Buren, or to follow the lead of
 his new party, would be to endorse
 those insults, to declare ourselves wor
 thy of them, or to manifest the most
 unmanly indifference in respect to
 them.
 Every boy knows that before our
 paler face fellow-citizens will so respect
 us as to restore our rights to us, we
 must exhibit to them a proper respect
 for ourselves. In no way, certainly,
 have colored men shown themselves
 more wanting in sell-respect, than in
 i their criminal readiness to vote accord
 ing to the advice too frequently, but
 according to the dictation more fre
 quently, of those who are our most
 ruthless oppressors. It is not to be
 doubted that this single fact had more
 to do than anything else with the rejec
 tion of the Equad Suffrage clause in the,
 j present Constitution. Everywhere it
 was alleged, and with a truthfulness
 that was really heart-breaking, that
 colored men either did not care about
 political equality, or if they possessed
 it, they would barter it away for the
 smallest price to artful and designing
 demagogues. It was bilt another way
 of saying, Wra tan trample upon
 these negroes as much as we please, for
 they have too little self-respect to ap
 preciate their rights, or to rebuke the;r
 oppressors.” The very worst feature]
 of this assertion is, it is too true. e
 should be under a reproach, so deep
 and damning, no longer. Our friends
 have not the power to take it from us;
 our enemies cannot fasten it upon us. I
 We must throw it off ourselves, by!
 acting as becomes men and treemen.
 One of the most potent and successful
 ways in which we can do this, is to re-J
 fuse to vote for pro-slavery men, under j
 any pleas whatever, whether coming
 from the late Hale party or the recent-j
 ly-formed Van Buren party, or the sla-;
 very-perpetuating and slavery-cxtend-]
 ing Cass and Taylor parties. When]
 our enemies and our pretended friends
 shall be made to understand that the
 Four Thousand black men who vote in
 the State of New York have too much
 self-respect to he bribed, cajoled,cheat-]
 cd or flattered into pro-slavery voting,
 they will speak and act differently iu
 respect to our rights.
 Do you ask what is the true and pro
 per course for the colored freemen ol
 New York to pursue? Allow ine to
 answer, Vi&gt;te according to your princi- 1
 pies of abhorrence to slavery; vote in
 accordance w ith your desire tor the en
 franchisement of all the colored men ot
 the State; vote against the extension ot
 slavery, by voting against its existence;
 vote with a party that is true to all the
 great interests of the crushed, poor, j
 black or white, bond or tree, a party
 that has not deserted us to rally around
 the standard of one of our most im
 placable foes; vote so as to maintain
 vonr own self-respect, so that your
 children shall not be ashamed to own
 you as fathers; vote, in a word, for that
 everyw here-known, cutapoken, uncom
 promising, impartial and truly-practical
 philanthropist, Gerrit Smith. Yes, turn
 your eyes from Liudenwald to Peter
 boro—from the little huckstering, w ire
 pulling, aristocratic, pro-slavery politi
 cian, to the great but simple-hearted
 man—from one who despises you, and,
 votes to rob you of your rights, to one
 who loves you, and gives his voice, his
 vote, his talent-, his influence, his pro
 perty, HIMSELF, to us and our cause
 If, feHow-citizens, you would rejoice in
 the ultimate triumph of the prtucipks
 of Impartial, Universal Liberty—if&gt;ou
 would share in bringing about “a con
 summation so devoutly to be wished”—
 if &gt;ou would maintain your own manly
 dignity of character —if you would
 faithfully welcome, meet and discharge
 the important responsibilities resting]
 upon you, he entreated to rote for
 Smith, and Equal Rights.
 Y &gt;ur obedient servant,
 S. R. WARD.
 Co*tl**dviu.e Aug. 16.
Loving oua Exemiu.—A clergy
 man told an Indian he should love his
 enemies, “Me do love ’em,’’replied the
 latter. “What enemies do you love
 most?" “Rum and cider”
 M
jgy. The Farmer’s CabUnet says, if
 any person should he stung by a bee or
 other insect, rub some spirits of turpen
 tine upon the place, and the pain will
 nearly cease in one minute.
Selections.
(By M. ok L*«Aiirtrf(.)
 THE POLITY OF REASON.
 TO TIC DIRECTOR* Of fl&gt; KETCE tCRO
 riEXRI.
 CHAPTER IV.
 Whither go ire? The answer is aii
 entire in the actual fact We are going
 to one of the sublimest halting-places
 of humanity, to a progressive and com
 plete organization of social order, on
 the principle of liberty of action and
 equality of rights. the children of
 our children we see a vista of a series
 of centuries—free, religious, moral,ra
 tional—an age of truth, of reason, of
 virtue, in the middle of ages; or else
 —fatal alternative !—we go to precipi
 tate France and Europe into one of
 those gulfs which often separates two
 epochs, as an abyss separates two con
 tinents; and we die, bequeathing to our
 sons a social order undone, new prin
 ciples, doubtful, contested, blood-stain
 ed; power impossible, liberty impracti
 cable, religion persecuted or degraded;
 a retrograde legislation, a universal Eu
 ropean war, as fruitless as endless; the
 legalization of the scaffold, the civiliza
 tion of the bivouac, the morality of the
 battle-field, the liberty of Satraps, the
 equality of brigands; and, in the midst
 of all, an idea smothered in blood, mu
 tilated by the sabre, taking root in a
 few generous breasts, here and there,
 like Christianity in the catacombs, ex
 posed a hundred times to the hazard of
 events and catastrophes, and reflomish
 ing upon earth, alter the lapse of two
 centuries of sterility, servitude, crimes
 and ruins. They are making an elec
 tion at the moment I am writing to you!
 chapter v.
 What to do This word seems dar
 ing; it is not. God, who has given
 moral liberty to man, w hom he has cre
 ated to choose and to act, also gave
 him, the same day, a light to illumine
 his choice. Politics, of which the an
 cients made a mastery, the moderns an
 art. is neither the one nor the other;
 there is in it neither ability, force, nor
 cunn ng. At the rational epoch of the
 world, in the true and divine accepta
 tion of the word, policy is morality, rea-j
 son and virtue.
 Leave scepticism, then, to be satis-j
 fied in its impotence, and to deny social j
 truth, not taking the pains to discover
 or to defend it. Let Machiaveiism, that
 political knavery, take the hunan race
 for its dupe, and Providence for its.
 accomplice! Let prejudice* and rou
 tine, too. wear out* their force in the
 barren contemplation of a part they
 cannot re-animate; for it is already
 cold, and their breath has no life to give
 it! Finally, leave fatalism to dream of
 crime for lack of strength, to decimate
 humanity, in place of enlightening it;
 and, from the heights of scatfolds, to
 cast terror and death to the people, the
 seed of vengeance and bloodf Atro
 cious or insensate systems are products
 of weakness of mind and perversity of
 heart. Mount higher, and you will see
 farther: and the light of truth itself,
 which is no other than tnoralily, will
 enlighten for vou that horizon of dark
 ness, falsehood, illusions, thoy call
 politics. All parties will raise their 1
 voices to accuse or to proscribe you;!
 all arc interested in this darkness, for;
 all have something to conceal,and some!
 one to deceive. Your own even will
 inscribe itself the first against you!—
 But the conscience of the just is of
 brass: it has, for itself, a voice louder
 than its age, which resounds juster and
 clearer above all these ephemeral cla
 mours; and, lie you sure, that it is
 the only voice which has its echo in
 the future, and its applause in pos
 terity
 Your social theory will be simple and
 infallible; —taking God as the starting
 point and a goal, the most general weal
 of mankind as the object, morality as
 the torch, conscience as judge, liberty!
 for your road—you will run no risk of
 straying: you will have recovered poli
 tics from the systems, the illusions, the
 deceptions, in which passion or iguor
 ance has euveloped them. You will
 have placed them where they should he,
 —in conscience. You will have seized,
 in fine, in the perpetual movement of
 the centuries, in the st »rmy instability
 of facts, of minds, and of doctrines,
 something fixed and solid, which will
 tremble no more under your hands.
 CHAPTEB VI.
 Four grand epochs govern the social
 couditien of the generations that have
 passed away, similar to those creative
 epochs the naturalist believes he recog
 nizes in the secular developments of the
 globe. The Theocratic age which
 commences with the world, issuing from
 the hands of the Creator, and which
 terminates at the heroic period; the
 Tyrannical age, or reign of brute force,
 more or less altered by commencing
 legislation, rising with the historic pe
 riod, and falling before Christ, w ith its
 poligamy and slavery; the Monarchical
 *ge, mixed or tempered with oligarchy,
 aristocracy, feudality, sac re dotal power,
 opening at Constantine, and ceasing
 W illi the tomb of Louis XV 1., or on the
 rock of St. Helena,whose captive Titan
 bad so gloriously, but so vainly resus
 citated it. We are on the verge of the
 epoch of right and action for all; an
 epoch always ascending, the justest,
 most moral, moat free of all those
 which have hitherto pervaded te h
 world; because it teada to elevate en
 tire mankind to the same mo mi digni
 ty, to consecrate the civil and political
 equality of all men before the State, as
 Christ has consecrated their natural
 equality before God. This epoch may
 b« sty led the Gospel epoch; for it will
 only be the logical deduction, the social
 reaLzation, of the social principles laid
 Join in the Divine Book, as in the
I very nature of humanity—the moral
 1 equality and dignity of man. at lasi
 f recognised m the code of card society.
 Bach of these epochs bad its proper
 I form, its work, its vital force and Us
 j duration, before begetting another. At
 first, it is God, alt alone, revealing
 himself by nature, and speaking, by
 conscience, the holiest of oracles, had
 not the interpreter been roan; then the
 hero, or strong man,s inning obedience
 through gratitude or fear then the
 i tyrant, or the senate, many-headed ty
 rant, aristocracy, or priestly rule, im
 posing, with the aid of some, its will on
 all; then the King and his peers; then
 the King and his people, represented
 before him by election, and not by a
 right of fact and birth, and constituting
 him merely the organ and agent of the
 universal will: that form approximates
 more closely to a rational republic than
 the fictitious republic of the ancients;
 it is the present epoch, a real republic;
 we only dispute as to the name.
 The work of this great epoch, a work
 long, laborious, and contested, is to
 apply to human reason, or the divine
 word, or evangelical truth, to the poli
 tical organization of modern societies,
 as the Gospel truth was, from the be
 ginning, applied to civil legislation and
 to manners. Mark it well! Politics
 were thus far out of the pale of God's
 law. The policy of the Christian peo
 ple is still pagan! Man, or humanity,
 is, in its eyes, only a veritable ancient
 slave, born to serve, pay, fight, and
 die. Horrible falsehood, which sul
 lies, unknown to them, so many Chris
 tian hearts, so many pious mouths!—
 The social man ought to be,henceforth,
 to the eyes of the philosopher, in the
 eyes of the legislator, what the isolated
 man is in the eyes of the true Christian
 —a child of God, having&lt;he same ti
 tles and rights, the same duties, the
 same destiny before the State,his earthly
 father, as before God, his Heavenly
 Father. It is the form we seek, in the
 right apd action of all the form
 which the moderns have called Demo
 cracy, by incorrect analogy with that
 to which the ancients gave the same
 name, and which was only the tyranny
 of the multitude. That name, demo
 cracy, sullied and recently ensanguined
 amongst us, in the Saturnalia of the
 French Revolution, is still repugnant
 to thought; although the philosopher
 washes words before using them, and
 purifies expression by idea, we shall
 name this form of government, by pre
 ference, the rational form, or the right
 of all. Now the rational form, or. the
 right of all, cannot be anything else
 than liberty, where ‘each is judge and
 guardian of his own right. Then the
 modern epoch can only he the epoch ol
 liberty; its mission is to organize the
 right and action of all, otherwise lib
 erty, in a vital and durable menner.
 All organization is slow and painful;
 it is the work of more than a day, of
 more than an age, perhaps. Man is
 man; he is disgusted, disheartened; he
 hurries to deny that which he cannot
 attain; his reactions against his own
 thought are prompt and terrible; they
 hurl him back a hundred times to his
 starting-point—as the vessel which re
 turns to dash itself against the shore,
 driven back by the same wave which
 ought to carry it to another coast.—
 I'hcse reactions may be protracted
 Look at Bonaparte! sublime reaction
 against anarchy! He only lasted fif
 teen years, and might have lasted fifty!
 Pile periods of the social work cannot
 he calculated within a few centuries; j
 hey are known to God alone. Whilst:
 they are being accomplished, the indi
 vidual man passes away—suffers, hopes, 1
 troinplains, and dies; but each individ
 ual life has Ha work complete and indc-i
 pendent of the social work; one day,
 one virtue, suffice to it. The social
 man, or humanity, survives, and ad
 vances itself towards a destiny higher
 und more unknown!
 Already, perhaps, it is given to us to
 have an insight into the epoch which
 will succeed to ours; after the five or
 six centuries during which the age of
 liberty shall last, we shall pass to the
 age of virtue and pure religion, to the
 fulfilled promises of the Divine Legis
 lator, to the epoch of charity, a thou
 sand times superior to the epoch of
 liberty; just as much as charity, love
 r»f others—divine sentiment, emanating
 from God—is above liberty, self-love,
 human sentiment, emanating from man.
 These principles laid down and ad
 mitted; their application to the actual
 crisis, the political deductions for our
 social theory as tor our private rule, or
 for onr public action, are clear and in
 contestible; we know where we are,
 we know whither we go, we know by
 w bat route we are to attain to the goal,
 near or distant, which Providence,
 manifested by its deeds, incessantly
 places before us. These applications
 to the actual time, present themselves
 in the innumerable question* which a
 revolution raises, just as the wind raises
 rbe old dust of the desert when a stone
 from the pyramid of ages.
 Revolution, dynasty, legitimacy, di
 vine right, popular right, sovereignty
 It facto or de jure; power, liberty, form
 and aim of government; questions of
 worship or education, of peace or war;
 existence and inheritance of an aristo
 cratic power, or the peerage; legisla
 tion, suffrage, extension or restriction
 of the powers of the communes, the
 municipalities, and the provinces—ev
 erything is classed, is enlightened, is
 ludged; political conscience has no
 more doubt, the present *o more ambi
 guity, and the future no more mystery;
 oil is raenlaed into these 4»swh *he
 most general good of humanity as ob
 ject, moral reason as guide, conscieoee
 as judge. By the aid of this grand
 jury, the heroan mind m*y cite the age
 before it, and fearlessly pronounce da
 infallible verdict.
JOHN DICK, Pmuhss.
WHOLE NO—36.'
Fnm the lo«» *■*—ift— a
 LETTER FROM THE Ho*. AX Oft
 TICK.
 I
 Last winter it was made our dutr,
 while laboring in the anti-slaver) field
 ito circulate a petition for signatures,
 praying Congress to repeal the slavo
 code of i he Distrct of Columbia, destroy
 the national man-market, and abolish
 slavery therein; also, to prohibit, be
 constitutional action, the internal Slave
 1 rade, and to step, like Franklin, to ih«
 tery \erge of constitutional power not
 j only to restrict but to abolish slavery.
 This petition was signed by about ($OO
 northern freemen, who earnestly prayed
 for the accomplishment of the objects
 therein specified. JL his memorial was
 j forwarded to tbe dauntless friend of
 freedom, Amos Tack, who succeeded
 in performing all the despotic slave oli
 garchy would suffer, and then returned
 the reply given bclow\
 We ask, in view of the treatment
 1 which this, and a thousand and one pc
 j titions ofa similar nature, have received
 during the 30th Congress, what advance
 has been made since the passage of the
 infamous “Gag Law?” Then the Amer
 ican people were forcibly gagged—now
 they are politically muzzled. Then the
 goddess of Liberty w as attacked in open
 furious combat; now in artful triumph
 j stratagem. 1 hen our memorials
 and remonstrances were treated with
 public contempt, and cast under the ta
 blc, unknown, unread and unreferred
 now, forsooth, they are presented, and
 then referred to a committee w hich is
 known to be favorable to the peculiar
 institution, and which will cast them
 under the private table there to remain
 until the crack of doom.” For our
 self, we like the open manly course of
 opposition. This serpentine and polite
 method of gagging freemen we utterly
 abhor. But here is the letter:
 Washington, July, 10, IS4S.
 D M. Kelsey
 Sir—Yours of the 21th Marcfi, in
 closing a petition in regard to slavery,
 was duly received, and 1 took an early
 opportunity to present the petition to
 Congress, and have the samo referred.
 It is impossible, under the present jeal
 ous rules of the House, to get a petition
 on the subject of slavery printed.
 I have not much to hope that tho
 committees having petitions, such as
 yours, referred to them, will tukc any
 action upon them. It is the policy of the
 south as you know, to muzzle the north
 and have no agitation on the subject of
 J their peculiar institution, except what
 j they themselves make. The comirfit
 tecs arc so constituted that they will not
 take any action upon these petitions, be
 cause if n majority make a report one
 way; the minorty may then report an
 other way, discussion takes place, and
 the House be brought to a vote. We
 who hope for the abolition of slavery in
 the District, and its prohibition in tho
 Territories, and wherever else Con
 gress can restrain it, are obliged to bo
 patient. 1 believe, however, thut cor
 rect principles are on the advance, and
 that irtan-slavery. which is the “root of
 all villanies,” will clearly appear to be
 a doomed institution.
 I am very respectfully,
 Your obt servant,
 AMOS TUCK.
Sagacity or the Dog.—A gentle
 man of the name of McLaffin, residing
 in Rockingham county, New Hamp
 shire, a few years ago, possessed a dog
 that was remarkable for his sagacity.
 He one day told the dog to go and find
 a handkerchief which his child had lost
 in a distant field while picking berries.
 The dog started.off with his usual alac
 rity, but in the coursa of an hour or
 two he returned without the handker
 chief, looking as crest-fallen as though
 he had been caught in a neighbor’s
 sheep-fold. The master cufFed his ears
 sharply, and told him to go and try
 again, and not come back until he found
 it. The dog started off a pain with ap
 parent reluctance, while the master fol
 lowed at a distance behind, and unper
 ceivcd. The dog went towards the
 field where the child had picked the ber
 ries, and sat down on his haunches—
 held down his head—and appeared to
 be in a deep brown study.
 He sat in this attitude for peibaps
 half an hour, when he suddenly jumped
 up with a peculiar yell of exultation,
 and started tor one corner of the field.
 Here he stopped for a moment, and
 then commenced trotting around the
 field, going about three feet from tho
 fence the first time, about six the sec
 ond, and thus continuing to near the
 middle at each succeeding circle. He
 went round the field about twenty
 times, when he jumped up into the air
 with a loud yell of triumph, picked up
 the handkerchief, and started forborne.
 The veracity of this narrative may be
 relied upon. We received it from Mr.
 F a Daptist clergyman of great re
 spectability. Now' did tiie dog reason
 mathematical)/? Does this go to add
 proof that instinct is but another name
 i for reason ?—Family Visitor.
 The LiTEiuTraE or HcwAinTr.
 —Whatever is most excellent in the
 literature of every country is precisely
 that which belongs to humanity and not
 to the nation.— What is dearest and
 mo*t prized at home, is exactly that
 which tes world-wide interest that
 which touches tiie sympathies of aN
 men* Are the bifheat truths national’
 fa their any trace of locality in tho
 purest and noblest sentimsntsr We
 invariably find that the same writers
 and the same passengers which are ad
 mired at home, are moat admired a
 broad. Nationality one is sure to have
 wether desirable or net; and the great
 writers of every people, rre untjurstion
 rbly those who, without foregoing their
 nationsleharaeter, rise to he country
 own of the word.
"
