"Notice.
tUM.irrry Society#
 *i 1 a o r s j tec will meet ot
 -j M \	. Sept. t-J, at th«
 n 0:li UuiTalo Stiect.
 r&lt; ''il at T o'clock pre
 c V.
 &lt;b NELL, Rce. S&lt;*e.
 Letter to t 'hrtn. F. Adams.
 U- York, All?. 10th. 181 ft.
 a &lt;t. vjr-rx fr.m u 4ft am*, (Jutnr*/, Ma*.*.
 honor to inform yon. ilia'
 v.hi leit t:ie chair of the National Fro*
 i. ur.v..'ltiou, ian tv In kJ at iiu'taio. aud ol
 u 5 *6f3 Pr sidotit, we were ap
 i&lt; »:n nitt,u“ to apprise you that you
 'a 1 .i tM&gt;ri:nat* by the &lt;b invention, a* it*
 r •si.Ute t.»r the o:iie ot Vice-President ot
 i i l :i;t :d State.*, and t&lt;» solicit vour accept
 ance of m:r!i nornmtuion.
 i 0,.r personal knowledge of the objects,
 r, and pruce dings of the (Contention,
 il th 'n te '"&gt;ity of saying anything,
 lit. p!a tip in tii *r of these points; and
 o" t &gt;i. al'O. that a simple reference to the
 eoexnip'e 1 utnnttnity and enthusiasm with
 v l principle* were proclaim *d and it*
 t i'd it: s s/’l-Tted, H'dl be a sufficient jrju
 indue you to accept the nomination
 u h vc received.
 e:e;h of the undersigned .cordially
 1 this mtimeut. it is due to the State
 1 *i r p- i t mted by one of them, tlut he
 :-.i &gt;i!l r* e. f v express it, since the sclec*
 t &gt;s ot i candidate tsr th Vice Presidency
 wu- t .i t!ic lir.-t iii-tm.ee, accorded to that
 a thus making you, in a peculiar sense,
 i- i. on o:i tii ticket pnqtosui by the
 ii t&lt;i tie- American people.
 W u- 'r. with high r. sped and esteem,
 y&lt;cir o.r-Jicnt sen i::ts.
 Hi sjamiv F. IF tler,
 Joseph L White,
 S U.MCN IV ’ll ABE,
 ..M-iiiitcc of th- it:o:i:il Free Soil Conven
 t. in Id at IJil I'lio, N. V.
 MR. \DAMS VS REPLY.
 j 1 ?&lt;i i. 11. I'. II n.r.it, J. L, White, and
 ''.IV oai.nittee of the National
 i r S.,,;r.j;i. ;t ;o j lull at HuiTalo, N.Y
 (p iv v Aug. 22, 1818.
 c’t.lV’M'm —1 have just received your
 ‘iie.iil !''Uer. •i;t; ri-")g rne of the great honor
 ci.i •in by t!i oi.vention vv Inch von ropre
 n. in teeiiu itMig iiicas its candidate for the
 i,; i -i of ieo-Pro.s.dent of the United States,
 and aao s- he.ting my acceptance of the nom
 ination.
 I i r p!v, p im.t sue to siv, that it had been
 tn'. iio; an in. t-\g- ctatton to he able to act
 in ill pr mt canvass as one of the humblest,
 lint e ot tiiii least earnest and devoted ser
 \.i: isol the gr "it cause in which we are
 :i_Mged; hut .since t lias pleased tnv fellow
 iif ;\«rs, and rspec.aliy tin* noble represeuta
 the gr■■■at state of Ohio, to whom in
 vo r I Mi r you parti uilarly allude, to call upon
 m "i is? uii-Api •tially to iriys* If, to stand in
 I mt ranks of the eontestj that I should be
 "ir:r eam!. !a! lor the second office in the
 i ni-i.i. a n not the man to refuse to acknowl
 -1 i. ohiigation. nr to shrink by a moment’s
 '.i A ti i. fimn the po.-t not less of dutv than
 •r to whirl, they assign me. I accept
 tii i e!i liiiiy ot the r.omiuntion.
 i u lather-- ot tie r.'puhlic, nurtured in the
 I t i- .ini! ot 1/1 •tv opened hv the lelorma
 i. *i a 1 to illustrate by a practical example
 Vm ne-.i in exei Hence of their cherished
 i i. o.iv.-:a n-lit. 'i'o the general suc
 &lt;&gt;■';!;&lt;-;r *\p -.,m mi, comm -uc din 1770
 1-u a.:-! m 1789, a lapse of marc
 It t e '.,1 ry !i is &gt;rnl* witness.
 H d miiortiin it.-iy, th same period has also
 «•‘v e.l tli&lt;» rv.s i*n re of an adverse inthi
 ac M a .tioiislv a I,noted at tllC outset, which
 h 'h .s fir (lone much to qualify the benefi
 r v.-'iieli have been attained from it.
 tint v.hi dial li St seenv.al only a deflec
 ti-:' --mi the path of justice in favor of vested
 'i*' t vi v ii &lt;1 class, has, hv degrees,
 s i a:t :S !l t i !i s i wide a divergency that
 th-’ ":i!v ekomo n&lt;nv ft to the people of the
 u.t i Sta:-s is mtlwr to turn hack, or else,
 by g-'iag tons .rd, voluntarily to abandon the
 ics with u hii-li tlu-ir fathers started.
 T a “mauve is dearly presented, of the
 1 "I slavery over the whole breadth
 ‘■ft:. North American continent, or the
 u-;-t,«.n“e of the fundamental doctrines of
 the I) daration of Independence. The two
 things cannot c )-exist in the United .States,
 a H :t' we may, we can neither evade
 i. &gt;r r 'use tin* issue made up for us. Not to
 t i: is equivalent in my mind to deserting
 a gr.il uoi.il, social and political truth, at a
 iimm-mt vv nen every known rule of human
 ft’::;,' would seem to do maud the complete
 esia!. huv it of it over the minds of a free
 pen;.!.'.
 f-“ dings I nave read, again and
 agi.e. trie pi.uform of principles laid down by
 ::i if iilhlo ('onvention. 1 hail it as the signal
 I'. t. rn the path of tlie rcvolutmnarv
 ■it i's. as ihe (ra of advance iu the* theory
 i I: d.-mocracv.
 I !r nii'A hut two living antagonist
 M-. -*s in the politics of the Unit al States.
 'i li o'n: u iii'di sh -iters itself under t'ne cover
 of lim.i.m foiv.*, and the other which draws
 vi. i,,'v tio II human reason and human
 s mp.uhy. Jo ill thos ■w ho have confidence
 in th capacity of man f m s df-goveriimcnt, it
 J 1 a source of great satisfaction tc
 u o-A. ii it tin* p rio.l when tin* last of th(*s&lt;’
 p-.u'-ipirs will triumph m the United States,
 ng.diy approaching.
 i Ui' time it would he unjust tr
 i any &gt;ue:i a victory with anv feelingso
 viy or ill will towards the individua
 :u rs of ih losing side. The slaveliold
 !I l the Union merits our sympathy
 ■vv i.le ns aggressive policy meets witl
 v M'tance. for the time may ye
 u to i'" who now regard the d 'clar
 111 hi:o platform as a vindtctivi
 i 1" 1 Hu-.r arcst interests, will con
 1,1 ia, h r m be the preservation o
 r ii.-t.i! ami political rights. &gt;i;r
 w, -h geographically defmer
 '-a i min. u- ;r vviiii organiz'd com
 1 p 1 F J a struggle to sus tan
 j J r value in ev*»ry land
 '''j' a *'t' wherever society j.
 w.m i;,&gt; the synonym' only o
 1 1 ll blessingsw hicl
 n l ‘-»i. most cm vainly he ex
 ''''hr ujmui the humiin r.i&lt;*e.
 a hail its appiw.ch not much f.i
 r ,t i( a v &gt;tous as t„ all t!„, 9e VN j,
 mr.i•wr&lt; g ud it portending nothing hv
 &lt;i v to tii ui" e.i s.
 ;i i.. g.- ii' n u, Willi «ontimciits of th
 est r*,
 our obedient servant,
 u v; :.i s Francis Ada vs.
 .’•ir. ZIuU- fetter of I)(M*]iii;ition.
 Ji it. 11., \ugiis,t gs, lht».
 ,f y hi inv.letter to you of i!
 f Jauii irv i.j*t. acc'-pt.'.g the nou.m.aiii
 f-i Jb.— ui' y mad j by the oiivenlw
 f d f u at lUdfih* oa th* »Oiti end gl&gt;i
 n i -,-r p ng. I expressed the tx.itlimc
 t ..,t. iKiii.in trui;'d be more grateful
 r imi I u ,g-, than io find the good ai
 1 ol every party, l&lt;&lt; &lt;o*;itil of thf* p* t
 i. w.bi'di have heretofore dividi
 i- ui it. lie -til. I iii uua jtUcui.oub a:
 t floii to red. cm the (Jovcrmncnl
 it. i *1 rstaicn from th r pion hto wlt«
 v w gn-flv tor its support of II
 i i ry, J Kiel further, whi nev
 a 'V'.i.eiit nli.ll lie iii etc in good fail
 I i a -i p irpiisc, i stiail he most pia.
 ‘b tb e -•-.ai of thus fr;ctnh» who hat
 jdi- n n i.u b -fire tlt't jwioplc, U) ear
 at hum ti&gt; huutblist j/iivuU-M inti
 1. i v. .ui wiii rally under such a banner.
 i aJ‘ i' r- t 1 the liojk* that such a movi
 ii .1 might y&lt; t h fit my jurlgmei
 flit move.ii -ut ha 5 been made, aud it uttl
 u ii J e *if j:iiiwih'x to you, Rir, m
determination entirely to withdraw my nan*
 from the li*t of candidates before the people
 and to urae upon my friend* as I mm* cheer
 "'My aid •Wrcrely do, a hcatty, energettf
 ®nd iinarrmon* t&gt;f«irt of the ticket non*
 i by the Buffalo convention of the Ttl
 instant. 1 am a*ore that after what ha.
 Steady been d&lt; ue by others, it may seem j
 w«uk of mi (wren urai ion in me thus format);
 io withdraw and I should not do tt, were i
 I not th «t I am repeati-dly inquired of boil
 j verbally sod by letter, whether I am still i
 candidate, and further that I sec my name Mil
 regained in some newspapers m that connex
 'on with th avowal that it would so reman
 until Mr. Van Burcn had satisfactorily ax
 seni»*i! in writing fo the platform of prinetplei
 laid down by the Buffalo convention of the
 ?ith instant, and I had :n like manner with
 drawn. Tie; former. Mr. Van Boren hai
 already dime, and 1 now fulfil the latter. Ir
 thus withdrawing from a position which tin
 jartiality of friends, nearly a year since
 assigned me, rather m the confidence of w iiai
 I might do, than in consideration of aughi
 winch I had already achieved, permit me, sir
 to tender to you, end through you, to those
 j with whom you have acted, my wamirsi
 thank*, fin the words of kindness and encour
 agement with which you have cheered me, ir
 the difficulties and embarrassments of iny
 position, for the sympathies you have expres
 sed, and for the very flattering manner, ir
 which my poor efforts in behalf of truth ami
 freedom have been received by you.
 And now, if I have a friend who, from
 motives of personal regard, or any othei
 cause, feels regret or disappointment at the
 present position of affairs; let me entreat
 j such an one, by every honorable consideration
 which I can urge, to forget every such regret
 and disappointment, and by the energy and
 zeal with which he will now labor, manifest
 to all, that his principles are of mure conse
 quence with him than any personal considera
 tion whatever.
 in conclusion, permit me to assure you.
 tli it the path of duly in this matter, has not
 always been plain and obvious before me, and
 when I have sought for aid in the counsel ol
 friends, contrariety of opinions with which I
 have been favored, has only increased the per
 plexity of iny way.
 The result to which I have come is that
 which most favorably commends itself to my
 own judgment. To all those who attach any
 weight to the opinions of so humble an indi
 vidual as myself, 1 most sincerely and
 cheerfully recommend a hearty, energetic and
 unanimous support of Messrs. Van Buren and
 Adams, as the most consistent course for the
 enlightened friends of Liberty to pursue.
 At the same time, that I give this as my de
 liberate opinion, 1 have no tailing accusations
 lo bring against those who see the path ol
 their duty in another direction. The cause in
 which we are enlisted commends itself, we
 trust, to the good of Earth and the God ol
 Heaven; let not its advocates degrade it tt
 the level where the hirelings of political pio
 lligacy strive lor the destruction of every
 reputation elevated above their own. Let m
 one suppose for a moment, because 1 no long
 er occupy the position which has hereuifort
 been assigned me, and which 1 have though
 could be occupied by another with better pros
 poets of good for the cause, my zeal ha;
 grown cold, or my desire for our success
 abated ;on the other hand, si r be assured
 and assure our friends, that whenever ant
 wherever a word can he spoken or a deer
 done, which can tell in favor of the grea
 interests wc arc all so anxious to advance
 that word and that deed, if within the com
 pass of my feeble powers, is unreservedly a
 the command of my friends.
 With much respect, I am very truly you
 oblig (1 friend. jfOUN P. lIALE
 liox. S. Lewis. —Cincinnati Ohio.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 8, 1818.
To My Old Muster.
 Thom vs Alld— Sir The long and inti
 mate, though by no means friendly, relation
 which unhappily subsisted between you and
 mvself, leads me to hope that you will easily
 account for the great liberty which I now
 take in addressing you in this open and public
 manner. The same fact may possibly remove
 any disagreeable surprise which you may ex
 pcrieucc on again finding your name coupled
 I with mine, in any other way than in an ad
 vertisement, accurately describing my person,
 I and ollering a large sum for my arrest. In
 thus dragging you again before the public, 1
 i am aware that I shall subject myself to no
 inconsiderable amount of censure. I shall
 probably be charged with an unwarrantable
 if not a wanton and reckless disregard of the
 rights and proprieties of private life. There
 are those North as well as South, who enter
 tain a much higher respect for rights which
 are meiely conventional, than they do for
 lights which are personal and essential. Not
 a few there are in our country who, while
 they have no scruples agamt robbing the
 laborer of the hard-earned results of his pa
 tient industry, will he shocked by the ex
 tremely indelicate manner of bringing your
 name before the public. Believing this to be
 the case, and wishing to meet every reasona
 ble or plausible objection to my conduct, 1
 will frankly state the ground upon which 1
 justify myself in this instance, as well as on
 former occasions when I have thought proper
 i to mention your name in public. All will
 agree that a man guilty of theft, robbery or
 murder, has forteited the right to concealment
 and private life; that the community have a
 to subject such persons to the most
 complete exposure. However much they
 may desire retirement, and aim to conceal
 ih' iuselves and their movements from the
 popular gaze, the public havea right to ferret
 them out, and bring their conduct before the
 I' proper tribunals of the country for ltivestiga
 i lion. Sir, you will undoubtedly make the
 piopcr application of these generally-admitted
 principles, and will easily s»e the light in
 whieh you are regarded by me. 1 will not,
 t therefore, manifest ill-temper, by calling you
 hard names. 1 know you to he a man of
 1 some intelligence, and can readily determine
 the precise estimate win h I entertain of your
 character. 1 may then foie indulge in lan
 ginee w hich may seem to others iud.ioct and
 ambiguous, and yet he quilt* well understood
 by yourself.
 1 have s -lected this day on which to address
 ymi, because it is the anniversary of my
 •I emancipation; and knowing of ao better way,
 I a n 1 to this as the Ust mode of ctlebrat
 j »ng that tiuly important tjvuiit. Just ten
 v years ago this bsauUiul September mornuig.
 «i yon bright sun lieheld me a slave —a poor de
 d graded chattel—ir mnlmg at the souiid o|
 j l your voice, l.imeui.ng that I was a man, and
 wishing myself a brute. The hopes whieh 1
 *r had in uiured up for w eeks of a safe and sue
 h et safol escape from your griwp, wen* power
 fully confronted at this last hour by darl
 J clouds of doubt and fear, making my pernor
 e thalte and my bosom to »*lh Uie heavy
 contest between hope *"d fear. I have nt
 wolds to describe to you the deep agony ol
 &gt;l soul which J experienced on that never to-be
 l forgotten morning— (for I left by daylight
I was t iking a leap hi the dark. Th* pro* l
 bt’itif's, so far ae I could Hr reason djetermim
 them, w«pp stoutly against the undertaking
 l The prefiminarieo and I ha&lt;
 adopted previously, all worked I
 like one going ,to war w ithout weapons—ter
 l chances of defeat to one of victory. One ir
 whom I had confided, and one wbuwad pro
 i; miv?d me assistance, appalled by at the
 &gt;1 tnal-hooT, deserted me, thus i#flhnthe re
 sponsibility of sums* or failure soh ly with
 myself. You, sir, can never know my feel
 ings. As I lock back to them, I can scarcely
 realize that I hare passed through a scene so
 trying. Trying however as they were, and
 j gloomy as was the prospect, thanks be to the
 Most High, who is ever the God of the op
 pressed, at the moment w hich was to deter
 mine my whole earthly career, His grace was
 sufficient, my mind was made up. I embraced
 the golden opportunity, took the morning tide
 at the flood and a free man, young, active,
 and strong, is the result.
 I have often thought 1 should hk e to ex
 plain to you the grounds upon which I have
 justified myself in running away from you.
 i I am almost ashamed to do so now, for by this
 time you may have discovered them yourself.
 I will, however, glance at them. When yet
 but a child about six years old, I imbibed the
 determination to run away. The very first
 mental effort that I now remember on my
 part, was an attempt to solve the mystery,
 i Why am I a slave? and with this question my
 youthful mind was troubled for many days,
 pressing upon me more heavily at times than
 others. When I saw the slave-driver whip a
 slave-woman, cut the blood out of her neck,
 and heard her piteous cries, I went away into
 the corner of the fence, wept and pondered
 over this mystery. I had, through some
 medium, I know not what, got some idea of
 God, the Creator of all mankind, the black
 and the white, and that he had made the
 blacks to serve the whites as slaves. How he
 could do this and be good, I could not tell. I
 was not satisfied with this theory, which
 made God responsible for slavery, for it pained
 me greatly, and I have wept over it long and
 often. At one time, your first wife, Mrs.
 Lucrelia, heard me singing and saw me shed
 ding tetrs, and asked of me the matter, but I
 was afraid to tell her. I was puzzled with
 this question, till one night, while silling in
 the kitchen, I heart! some of tiie old slaves
 talking of theii parents having been stolen
 from Africa by white men, and were sold here
 i
 as slaves. The whole mystery was solved at
 once. Very soon after this, my aunt Jinny
 and uncle Noah ran away, and the great
 noise made about it by your father-in-law,
 made me for the first time acquainted with
 j the fact, that there were free States as well
 j as slave States. From that time, I resolved
 that I would some day run away. The mo
 rality of the act, I dispose of as follows I
 am myself; you arc yourself; we arc two
 distinct person, equal persons. What you
 are I am. You are a man, and so am I.—
 God created both, and made us separate, be
 ings. I am not by nature bound to you, m,
 j you to me. Nature does not make youi ex
 istence depend upon me, or mine to depend
 upon yours. I cannot walk ujmn your legs,
 or you upon mine. I cannot breathe for you,
 or you for me; I must breathe for myself,
 and you for yourself. We are distinct per
 sons, and are each equally provided with fac
 ulties necessary to our individual existence.
 In leaving you, I took nothing but what be
 longed to me, and in no way lessened your
 means of obtaining an honest living. Your
 faculties remained yours, and mine became
 useful to their rightful owner. I therefore
 see no wrong in any part of the transaction.
 It is true, I went off secretly, but that was
 mure your fault than mine. Had I let you
 into the secret, you would have defeated the
 enterprise entirely but fur this, I should
 have been really glad to have made you ac
 quainted with my intention to leave.
 You may perhaps want to know how 1
 like mv present condition. I am free to say,
 1 greatly prefer it to that which I occupied in
 Maryland. I am, however, by no means
 prejudiced against that State as such. Its
 geography, climate, fertility and products, are
 such as to make it a very desirable abode for
 any man and but for the existence of slavery
 there, it is not impossible that I might again
 take up my abode in that State. It is not that
 I love Maryland less, but freedom more You
 will be surpiiscd to learn that people at the
 North labor under the strange delusion that
 if the slaves were emancipated at the South,
 they would all flock to the North. So far
 from this being the case, in that event, you
 would see many old and familiar faces back
 again at the South. The fact is, there are
 few here who would not return to the South
 in the event of emancipation. We want to
 live in the land* of our birth, and to lay our
 bones by the side of our fathers’; and nothing
 short of an intense? love of personal fret doin
 keeps us from the South. Fur the sake of
 this, most of us would live on a crust of
 bread and a cup ol cold water.
 Since 1 left you, I have had a rich experi
 ence. 1 have occupied stations which I never
 dreamed of when a slave. Three out of the
 ten years since 1 left yon, 1 spent as a com
 mon laborer on the wharves of New Bedford,
 Massachusetts. It was there I earned my
 first free dollar. It was mine. I could sj&gt;end
 it as 1 pleased. I could buy hams or herring
 with it, without asking any odds of anybody.
 That was a precious dollar to me. You re
 member when I used to make seven or eight,
 and even mne dollars a week in Baltimore,
 you would take every cent of u from me ev
 ery Saturday night, saying that 1 belonged to
 you, and my earnings also. 1 never liked
 this conduct on your part —to say the best, I
 thought it a little mean. I would not have
 served you so. But let that pass. was a
 link'awkward about counting money in New
 England fashion when I first landed in New
 Bedford. 1 like to have betrayed myself sev
 eral times. I caught myself saying phip, for
 fourpuice; and one time a roan actually
 charged me with being a luuaway, whereupon
 1 was silly euougb to become one by running
 away trout him, lor 1 was greatly afraid he
 might adopt measures to get toe again mm
 slavery, a condition l than dreaded mure than
 death.
 I 1 sooo, however, learned to count money,
 ss wdl as to make H, and pot on svrmtminpty.
 1 married soon after leaving ou: in fact, 1
 was engaged to b« maroyd before I left you;
 aod instead of finding toy compsmou a burden,
 she was truly a helpmeet. She went to live
 at scrvjee, and I to work on the wharf, and
though we toiled hard the fiat winter, we
 i uprer Hth! mere happily. After remaining in
 New Bedford lor three rear*, I met with
 f Wm. L!*&gt;?d Garrison, a person of whom you
 i hare fwiitjf as be is pretty generally
 known among slaveholders. He put it into
 my head that I might make myself scrvicable
 to the cause of the slave by devoting a portion
 of my time to telling my own sorrows, and
 those of other slaves which had come under
 my observation. This was the commence
 ment of a higher state of existence than sny
 to which I had ever aspired. I was thrown
 into society the most pure, enlightened and
 benevolent that the country affords. Among
 these, I have never forgotten you, but have
 invariably made yon the topic of conversa
 tion—thus giving you ail the notoriety I could
 do. I need not tell you that th&lt; opinion formed
 of you in these circles, is far from being fa
 vorable. They have little respect for your
 honesty, and less for your religion.
 But I was going on to relate to you some-,
 thing of my interesting experience. I had
 not long enjoyed the excellent society to which i
 I have referred, before the light of its ex
 cellence exerted a benefiml influence on my
 mind and heart. Much of my early dislike
 of white persons was removed, and their
 manners, habits and customs, so entirely un
 like what I had beerf*used to in the kitchen-'
 quarters on the plantations of the South, fair
 ly charmed me, and pave me a strong disrelish
 for the coarse and degrading customs of my j
 former condition. 1 therefore made an effort,
 so to improve my mind and deportment, as to)
 be somewhat fitted to the station to which I
 seemed almost Providentially called. The 1
 transition from degradation to respectability'
 was indeed great, and to get from one to the
 other without carrying some marks of one’s
 former condition, is truly a difficult matter.
 I would not have you think that 1 am now
 entirely cleai of all plantation peculiaiiti- s,but,
 my friends here, while they entertain the
 strongest dislike to them, regard me with
 that charity to which my past life somewhat
 entitles me, so that my condition in this re
 spect is exceedingly pleasant. So far as my
 domestic affairs arc concerned. 1 can boast of
 as conifortable a dwelling as your own. j
 have an industrious and neat companion, and
 four dear children—the oldest a girl of nii.e
 years, and three fine boys, the oldest eight,
 the uextsix, and the youngest four years old.
 The three oldest arc now g"ing regularly to:
 school —two can read and write, and the other:
 can spell with tolerable coriectness words of
 two syllables. Dear fellows! they are all in
 comfortable beds, and are sound asleep, per
 fectly secure undei my ow n roof. There are
 no slaveholders here to rend my lieait by
 snatching them from my arms, or blast a
 pro .d mother’sdoarest hopes by tearing them
 from her bosom. These dear children are
 ours—not to work up iuto lice, and to
 bacco, but to watch over, regard, and protect,
 and to re?r them up iirUte nurture and admo
 nition of the gospel— to train them up in the
 paths of wisdom and virtue, aocLas far as
 we ca* tsmak«*hsm ukefof 4. tiMma and
 to themselves. Gh nover
 &gt;rs to me so compUddy an agoul of holf,
 as when 1 think'of aftdkuik iifftn ray~leat t
 children. It is t|ten that my feeTmjga rise
 above my control. I mcanfPto have said more
 wiih respect to my own prosperity and happi
 ness, but thoughts and feelings which this re
 cital has quickened, unfits me to proceed fur i
 thcr m that direction. The griin horrors of
 slavery rise in all their ghastly teiror before j
 me, the wails of millions pierce my heart, and
 chill my bit od. I remember the chain, the
 gag, ihe bloody whip, the deathlike gloom!
 overshadowing the broken spirit of the fettered 1
 bondman, the appalling liability of his being!
 torn aw ay from w ife and children and sold
 like a beast in the market. Say not that this
 is a picture of fancy. You well know that I
 wear stripes on my back inflicted by your di- j
 rection and that you, while we were broth-;
 ers in the same church, caused this right hand,
 wiih which I am now penning this letter, to
 be closely tied to my left, and my person
 dragged at the pistol's mouth, fifteen miles,
 from the Bay side to Easton, to be sold like a
 beast in the market, lor the alleged crime of
 intending to eseape from your possession. All
 this and more you remember, and know to be
 perfectly true, not only of yourself, but of
 nearly all the slaveholders around you.
 3 i
 At this moment, you are probably the guilty
 holder of at least tiuce of my own dear sis
 ters, and my only brother in bondage. These
 you regard as your property. They are re-'
 corded on your ledger, or perhaps have been j
 sold to human flesh mongers, with a view to
 idling your own ever-hungry purse. Sir, I
 desire to know how and where these dear sis
 ters are. Have you sold them or are they
 still in our possession What has become of
 them are they living or dead And my dear
 old grandmother, w hom you turned out hkean
 old horse, to die in the woods— is she still
 alive rite and let me know all about them.
 If my grandmother lie still alive, she is of no
 service to you, for by this time she must be
 nearly eighty years old—too old to be cared
 for by one to whom 6he lias ceased to be of
 service, send her to me at Rochester, or
 bring her to Philadelphia, and it shall be the
 crow rung happiness of „.y life to take care of
 hex in her old age. Oh she was to me a
 mother, and a father, so far as hard uni fur my
 comfort could make her such. Send roe my
 grandmother! that I may w atch over and take
 care of her m her old age. And my sisters,;
 let me know all about them. I would tvrite
 to them, and learn all I want to know of them
 without disturbing you iu any way, but that,';
 through your uurightoou* conduct, they have
 been entirely deprived of U»e power to read
 and write. You have kept them in utter
 ignorance, aud have therefore robbed of
 the sweet enjoyments of writing or receiving!
 letters from absent friends and relatives.
 Your wickedness and cruelty commuted in!
 this icspect on your ow n fetlow-CTeatures, are;
 greater than all the stripes you have laid upon
 my back, or iht-us. It is aa outrage upon J
 the soul—a war upon the immortal spirit, and;
 une for which you must gtve account at the
 bar of our eorumon Father aod Creator,
 The responsibility which you have assumed
 ta this regard is truly awful—and how you
 could stagger under it these many yearn is
 marveijon*. Your mind must have become
 darkened, your heart hardened, your eot»-
 •rience scared and petrified, or you would
 have long since thrown off the accursed kind
 sought relief at tiu* hands of a sin. forgiving
 God. How, let me. ssk, would you lookup-!
 on me, were I some dark night in company
e with a hand of I —Hr J villains, to enter the
 [i precincts of rour owe elegant dwelling and
 i seize the person ef your own lovely daughter
 i Amanda, and canj her off from your family,
 i friends and all the loved ones of her youth
 make her my slave—compel her to work, and
 I take her wages—place her name on my
 ledger as property—disregard her personal
 I rights—fetter the powers ot her immortal soul
 r by denying her the right and privilege of
 learning to read and write—feed her coarsely
 r —clothe her scantily, and whip her on the
 I I naked back occasionally more and still more
 I horrible, leave her unprotected—a degraded
 r victim to the brutal lost of fiendish overseers
 who would pollute, blight, and blast her fair
 soul—rob her of all dignity—destroy her vir*
 I toe, and annihilate all in her person the gra-
 I ces that adorn the character of virtuous wo*
 manhood! I ask how would yon regard me,
 if such were my conduct? Oh the vocaau*
 lary of the damned would not a fiord a word auf
 ciently infernal, to express your idea of my
 God-provoking wickedness. Yet sir, your
 treatment of iny beloved sisters is in all essen
 tial points, precisely like the case I have now
 supposed. Damning as would be such a deed
 on my part, it would be no more so than that
 which you have committed against me and
 i mv sisters.
 I w ill now bring this letter to a close, you
 shall hear from me again unless yon let me
 hear from you. I intend to make use of you
 as a weapon with which to assail the system
 of slavery—as a means of concentrating pub
 lic attention on the system, and deepening
 their horror of trafficking in the souls and bodies
 lof men. I shall make use of you as a means
 of exposing the character of the American
 church and clergy—and as a means of bring
 ing this guilty nation with yourself to repen
 j tence. In doing this I entertain no malice to
 wards you personally. There is no roof un
 der which you would be more safe than mine,
 and there is nothing in my house which you
 might need for your comfort, which I would
 not readily grant. Indeed, I should esteem
 it a privilege, to set you an example as to how
 mankind ought to treat each other.
 I am your fellow man but not your slave,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 P. S.—l send a copy of the paper contain
 ing this letter, to save postage.—F. D.
 10 s Our esteemed friend, C. H. Langston,
 Esq., passed through Rochester last week,on
 j his return from Saratoga and the East, home
 watd. Mr. Langston looks to be much b«ne
 i fitted by the tour, and his friends in Ohio will
 be pleased of this fact when he reaches Chil
 licothe.
 We regret that we did not get the oppor
 tunity of seeing Mr. and Mrs. Watson, who
 also passed through this city on their return.
 The Sable Brothers of the Smoky
 City.—A new troupe of gentlemen from
 Africa,*’just organized in this city under the
 name at the head of this paragraph, are en
 tertaing full houses at the Eagle. A live
 kankes and a beautiful little dancing and
 singing girl, are attached to the troupe, and
 name most acceptable contributions to the ei
 the Eagle, with its capacious
 Ipprwneuts, its it le-cream and beautiful foun
 |bm MW, IBS its music and dancing above,
 Hftents drawing attractions for these warm
 evenings which it requires some philosophy to
 resist.— Pittsburg Tel.
 There is everywhere to be found those
 mean enough for anything, and Pittsburg has
 her share of such vile creatures as well as
 i other places. We can foim no other idea of
 such wretches, than midnight rowdies, who
 would knock a man down in the dark, and
 i pick pockets.
 j Men who can devote themselves to the
 cowardly purpose of sporting over the mis
 eries and misfortunes of an oppressed people,
 is contemptible enough for any undertaking,
 however dishonorable. However comically
 the Irish, or any other oppressed class of the
 while race, may be represented, there is
 always some moral or elevating characteristic
 connected with it; but never in any instance
 in this country has the African character been
 represented but with disparagement and ma
 lignity—the sole intention being, to foster
 prejudice against this class of American
 citizens.
 Even in the drama, when the poet evidently
 intended, as the language shows, to preseut
 the Moor of Venice as an African, the re
 fined sensibility of American taste can only
 permit biin to be played white
 An African's Idea of the Creation of
 Man.—King Yardoo, of Goulah country, j
 during a recent palaver with one of the Li
 beria missionaries, gave him the following
 account of the manner in which God made
 man
 “First, he came down in the morning,)
 worked all day long making while men in
 America, and gave them plenty of good 1
 sense. Then he came along iu the dark,
 about midnight, and made we countrymon all
 black, and because he wanted to get home
 before breakfast, he never waited to give us
 any sense at all, but told us to make war,
 raise rice and caasada, eat durnboy and pep-
 per, that is all.”— Ex. paper.
 This is as reasonable a comment as some
 of the pro-slavery theologians (diabologians, j
 we should say,) give os upon the doctrines
 ot creation, and a just conclusion drawn from
 the idea obtained from King Yardoo and bis j
 people, of the God whose justice and holi
 ness American divine* and Spanish pirate*
 teach them, instituted slavery and the infernal
 aiavetrade.
 Killed. —A colored man was killed on
 Wednesday by driving from the railroad!
 bridge over the Brandywine, bis head striking j
 a slake.
 Movement foe Clat.—The Boston Tra
 veller says, We hear it stated that a nun*-
 her of the friends of Henry Clay in thin city
 talk of making n demonstration in his favor
 for the Presidency.”
 New Yoee —The Utica Democrat given
 a list of forty nine Democratic papers in tfea
 State of New York, which repudiate Get.
 Cats, and support Marlin Van Buren for
 I PresKfont.
 The New York Tribune in ready to oome
 j wt for Taylor an noon as ha names set for
 I Free Soil.” Wait a liUk lodger.”
TO CORRES POMOCNTB.
 The receipt p |m I j fTrtli ilr
 mmk their Wherrtpliiw ttewcgfc *e Peel Ofce,
 will he e in rfimr rj
 j hee mw te head. It ail aha hi aaderatood Mat
 *e paper eiU he awl fa* hew
 Wttev, withoee the w&lt;*Ma aa* wprnae f
 Rarea—aae—fra a« jhtoa^j—,
 S-. Mewthea, Maw, Thi «w
 reded. Credited to fie. 7t.
 Q. 8 Peterbote «rßeceived
e Liberia* Cofewfea ttoa.
 d Every day brings to tbs light, some new
 r proofs that the Liberian Colonization scheme
 is a grays fraud sad imposture. It is scarcely
 credible to what an extent the people of this
 i country have been duped and deceived by
 f those engaged in that nefarious project. Two
 1 weeks since, an article appeared in the col
 -1 unins of the Noith Star, drawing attention to
 f the proceedings of the Rev. J. B. Pinney,
 y first Missionary and afterwards Governor of
 e the Colony. It now appears that much—very
 1 mu ch that might have been said, was not said
 1 in that article. The Liberator of last week,
 copies from an article in the New York Day
 r Book, details of the most extraordinary char
 acter respecting the colony and its officets.—
 J. B. Pinney of course comes in for a share
 of the benefit, and what is here copied respect
 ing him, is particularly recommended to the
 careful perusal of the reverend gentlemen who
 composed the Presbyterian Synod that reeent
 ly met in this place; and they may probably
 be induced to thi tk again before placing im
 plicit reliance upon his statements. At the
 time here mentioned, it seems that J. B. Fin
 ney was advocating the cause of the colony. 1
 Probably by that time the prospect of becom
 ing Governor was present to his mind. The
 writer (Dr. Bacon, editor of the Day Bookj
 says:—
 “In 1836, the editor of t!;.: iii&gt; Tfook,
 then making arrangements l v\ -t
 Africa, in order to investlg it me
 condition of the Liberian cu! y. ;l ope
 rations and prospects of t ;o v •i.:/.alion
 scheme, (of which he then was, at.d from his
 early youth had been an enthtisiaMic admirer;
 and advocate,) was introduced at his brother s
 house to a person called John B. Pinney, who
 had returned from Liberia, where lie had been
 at first nominally a Presbyterian missionary,
 and then abandoning that sacred cause, had
 become a secular agent of the Colonization j
 Society, with better pay, and
 much better suited to his moral character.
 Being very desixious of acquiring
 the fullest possible knowledge of every fact
 concerning the Liberian colony, and consider
 ing himself eminently fortunate in such an I
 opportunity to know the truth in a matter up
 on which a great purpose of life, and even life
 itself depended, he made this man his friend,
 as he supposed,—at any rate treated him like
 a friend, introduced him to gentlemen, I
 passed many hours in conversation with him, j
 for weeks seeking to draw from him the truth
 in regard to the condition of Liberia, the char
 acter of the colonists, the difficulties of coloni
 zation, and the ultimate feasibility of the origi
 nal scheme.
 A few months afterwards, the writer of
 this was in Africa and from the first day of
 his landing on that continent till he left it. he
 had evidence that all which he had so studious
 ly learned Irom J. B. Pinney, was a mass of
 the most absurd and abominable falsehood.—
 one of the first things that he heard there in
 speaking of Pinney, was, that he had been
 notoriously actually insane during a large por
 tion of the time when there resident, —that
 he had been carefully watched for fear that he
 might do himself some mischief. Friends
 i and foes were alike agreed that he was a
 thoroughly insane man.
 The writer has now no recollec
 tion of any particular in which Pinney told
 him the truth in regard to Liberia, iu reply to
 his anxious personal inquiries before going to
 Africa, or in published statements rfead as be
 fore mentioned i* Africa. Tfia|jrei|B uttim
 portant partreulars w*» true Hr or course
 probable, bat in all matters essential to a cor
 rect qirprwssion of the cn«mto» ford character
 of Liberia and the colmtfets, the falsehood was
 uniform. The whole of the testimony was
 recollected only as a he in the general purport
 and in all particulars of any importance. On
 this subject there was no difference of opin
 ion among people in Africa acquainted with
 his testimony. The only question was as to
 the moral or intellectual causes of this mon
 strous mendacity.”
 It thus appears, not only that the Rev. .T,
 B. Pinney had been guilty of fabricating the
 grossest falsehoods respecting the colony
 but that even while resident in Liberia, he had
 been found to be insane, and had been care
 fully watched for fear that he might do him
 self some mischief.** Even while residing at
 New Haven, where Dr. Bacon was first in
 troduced to him, his behaviour had given oc
 casion for a rumor that he was insane. It
 appears, then, first that J. B. Pinney had
 been detected in giving out, as one w ho had
 been an intelligent eye-witness, and therefore
 to be relied ui»on, statements respecting Libe-
 ria, which were utterly false and without
 foundation and secondly, that lie has at dif
 ferent periods of his life, shown n.-elf to I*;
 insane. Little more than th -eein to i
 be required, to show that i. 'lif er tt*e j &lt;tg
 inent nor the veracity oi tie Reverend i/ui
 tleman is of the most satisfactory character.
 It may be rather an interesting question
 whether the little stories with which he
 amused the reverend fathers in this city, were
 j“ works of fiction,” founded on fact. One
 source of consolation is, that whether true or
 false, they were of a sufficient harmless char
 acter, tending simply to show, for the edifica
 i tion of pious minds, that Providence had
 j been very kind to Liberia.” Bah such hy
 pocrisy is too gross It is difficult to contem
 plate it without a certain degree of heart
 sick ness.
 i The following extract will afford some idea j
 i of the condition of the colony and shows
 what reliance is to be placed on the oft re
 peated assertions which are found in Coloni
 zation prints, that the colonists are happy and
 proaperuua.
 By a singular coincidence, it so happens
 that exactly rune yean ago this afternoon,
 July 11, 1839—the editor of the Day B&lt;*uk I
 left the colony” of Liberia for the last time, j
 after a residence at Monrovia of seven months,
 and in other parts of what is called Liberia of j
 about a year, in other parts of West Africa of
 j a liule more than a year. He first landed in j
 I Liberia, February 4, 1837 and consequently
 the whole penod between hie first and last
 sight oflhalvety interesting country, was two
 years, five months and one week. At several
 times after ceasing to resute then-: he visited
 i Monrovia, and made careful observations of
 the condition of the people. He was slways j
 welcomed by them with strong expressions of
 delight, and of hopes that, he had curve back
 to remain and resume the agdiral charge of
 the colony and after his departure, he was 1
 followed to the shore, with loud regrets that
 be would not stay, and with earm-st entreaties
 that be w.»old change bis determination.
 Especially was this feeling manifested when
 be left the colony’’ nine years ago to-day,
 when some of the eokmiato followed hue
 through the hushes down to the very beach
 where he took the host which conveyed him
 to the ship—heeeechutg him to stay and take
 care ef them #ben they were sick and not
 leave them to die, ae they feared they should
 with the eeas attack of the dreadful disci tea
 «f that pesufottttal ehmate. Berne of tbees
 me* added, u many do when they pee any
 body leaving the colony and fttupung to Ame
 rica—“ Take me with you, lean t Uvn in
 thi* miserable place, shall die here. Of
 Doctor trte me with yea, sad I will he yner
 amontstdo anything you my” Hem*
 heard mote piteous expaomttos of donating
 misery, or more heart-reading cries of sorrow
 thag these which mingled in the letaettni
adieus of those poor exiles longing to return
 r to their native land, the land of Slavery.
 Whetl he fim left the colony and termina
 e ted h» residence at Monrovia, he did so simp
 f ly because bis usefulness as Colonial physician
 s was obstructed and nullified by want of food
 r sufficient to keep his convalescent pattern*
 from starvation, and even to support himself
 in health and vigor, and also by the cruel
 treatment which the sick emigrants received
 from the colonist-*, and by the nightly rob
 beries perpetrated on theirlitile Mock of neees
 sane* by the thievish Ltbenana. He was
 himself robbed in repealed instances; and his
 native servants beaten and abused in the most
 shameful manner by the colonists, without
 possibility of redress, s that it was difficult
 to secure the attendance necessary to h» busi
 ness and bis subsistence. When sick, he
 found that his orders in regard to the invalids
 were countermanded ami his treatment
 thwarted by the negro agents ot the Society,
 |in consequence of which, several of his pa
 tients died while he was too much enfeebled
 jby fever to leave the house to attend to
 them.”
 It is of the utmost importance, that facts
 such as these should be known and extensive
 ly published. The scheme of tylonnation,
 is at best, even suppling all to be true that
 1 its most strenuous supporters affirm respecting
 it, the offspring of a most unchristian and un
 reasoning prejudice. It is worse than eveu
 that, however; it is the twin sister of slavery,
 and is a plan fostered and encouraged by
 slaveholders, by which they might increase
 their unrighteous gains. It is objected, that
 benevolent men lend the sanction of the»?
 names to the scheme. Yes, but they are de
 ceived. as many have be n, who arc now the
 most strenuous opposers of Colonization.—
 Every statement respecting Liberia, requires
 to be scrutinized with the utmost jealousy.—
 Further extracts will be given at an early
 day, showing to what an extent the officers
 and agents of the Colonization Society have
 been implicated in the slave-tiade.—j. d.
 Ireland.
 That the recent attempt of the Iri.-h to
 effect a violent revolution, and force a repeal
 ,of the union, has come to a most ineffectual
 termination, at least for the present, is now
 i beyond all question. The leaders are either
 j arrested or are hiding in the mountains, and
 the people dispersed. Discontent is not re
 moved the causes of discontent are not
 removed still no one who has any knowl
 edge of the state of matters in that country,
 could ever dream of the possiblity of any
 other result to an attempt for their removal
 by such means. It has proved to be nothing
 more than a most mistaken and unproductive
 expenditure of energy. All that can be said
 to have been gained by this effort is, that it
 will serve to attract the attention of the legis
 lature to the redress of the peculiar evil*
 under which Ireland suffers. And what are
 those evils? If we except the temporary
 i measures which unusual emergencies call into*
 operation—measures which are doubtless oft
 times unnecessarily harsh and stringent—the
 most determined enemy to Saxon rule
 will find it difficult to make out a case of very
 peculiar hardship for Ireland—that is, a hea
 vier taxation or a mure rigorous government
 than falls to the lot of the other portions of 1
 Great Britain. The miseries of Ireland
 those of them that can be affected by legisla
 tion, are more the effect of past than of pre
 sent misgovernment. The Protestant esta
 blishment, to which all are forced to contri
 bute, either in the form of tithes or church
 rates, is a monstrous iniquity, which is folk
 not less severely by a majority of the people
 of England and Scotland, than it is by the
 Roman Catholics and other dissenters of
 Ireland. A grinding taxation, the result of
 long years of war and profligate expenditure,
 pusses upon the laboring classes throughout
 the kingdom; and aristocratic misrule has
 done and is now doing its work to widen the
 distance and to make more marked the dis
 tinction between wealth and poverty. But
 the peculiar grievances of Ireland are not so
 I easily pointed out. That she has peculiar
 and almost unparalleled sufferings, is a self
 evident fact; it is also apparent that ninny of
 those sufferings may be tiaced to prese. t
 causes, the results of past misgovernment
 thit some of them rnay lie traced to the
 religious belief—some to the ignoranc and
 the genius ol the people— some to abocntce
 ,Bin—ami some to the plan extensively
 adopted by the landlords of paying the
 lalsirers on their estates, by allowing them Us
 squat on a small patch of laud, where they
 may, if they have sufficient courage and iu
 dustry to make the attempt, without capita!
 or means of any kind, contrive to procure a
 miserable subsistence. When this is said, it
 is nearly all that presents itself in reference to
 Ireland's peculiar wrongs and it is much
 easier to say this, than it is to discover a
 teinedy. The Protestant church establish*,
 meat might be removed; there is out tko
 shadow of a reason, aside from tho self-in
 terest of the aristocracy, why it should gva.
 tmue a single day the absenteeism might to
 some extent be remedied and a better sys
 tem of wages might possibly be enforced
 but after all these reforms are brought about fc
 (and it does nut appear to be wrthiin tf&gt;P
 power or the province of the English gov%
 eminent, constituted as it is, to effect more,),
 it is hut too evident that a beginning wjJJ,
 scarcely have* U*u made tow aids the removal
 of Ireland's difficulties. Something more,
 than legislation i* wanted to effect this. Tito
 j 'ruth is, (and tho attention of the hearties*
 demagogues in this country, who, for end*
 best known to themselves, have been endea
 voring to arouse sympathy fur Ireland sod
 enmity against England on this aide tho
 Atlantic, is particularly requested to this
 statement,) that the Irish do not pay a larger
 —not even ao equal share of the taxes. In
 proof of this assertion take the following
 extract from Douglass Jerrold, whom do one
 will accuse of having any leaning to the side
 of anstocrecy sod kingcraft. In order to tho
 hotter understanding of this paragraph, it
 may be well to say, that at the last census,
 the population of England was 16,000,000,
 of Scotland 3,000,000, and of Ireland 9,000,-
 000. Ireland should therefore, if the paid her
 equal proportion of the taxes, furnish rathe;
 lea* than ooe-third of the gross amount. Bo;
 bow stands ihs case
 “Oto of £58,000,000 of imperial taxatim
 1 rereoaUy levied in the United Kingdom,
 •atreelj move than £'4,500.000 to meed m
 Lrehuid, Toward the royal a»*| Ireland
 i coou-buted £8,085 in 1848, ««d y*
 1 enjoys the full benefit of the fieet. She to
 r charged nothing for the maintenance of our
 f eeleoial eaubltshmeets, *he«fb the part**-
 I paftse w their She dees ee* ftp
 f any asaaaaad taxes, or alamp dutig* o*
 t carriages or railway*; tl 4*l
"
