"t»x on soap, bricks, hop*. post horse duties
 windows, servants. horses, carriage*; she ii
 exempt from the property and income ux
 li Is clear, then, that the Anglo-Saxon hai
 not been guilty of fiscal injustice to Ireland.'
 Douglass Jenold further says—
 Nothing can be more false than th&lt;
 assertion that the trade of Ireland has de
 clmcd since the union It appears from par
 liam-’ntary return*, that the tonnage of ship
 ping three years before the union w as 112.333
 whde in 1*42, it reached 563,301, show inf
 an increase of 436.371 tons. In 1*23. then
 were no steam vessel* in the coasting uadi
 of Ireland, hut in 1*46, which is the date o
 the last &lt;&gt;rfiial returns, the tonnage entem
 inward amounted to 579,335 since tha
 pcitod. taere can he no doubt that the in
 crease has been very considerable. It i« n
 true that the fineu trade was destroyed by
 the onion. It appears from Moreau s tables,
 that from 17*1 to there were exporter!
 67«,7‘.k(,72l var.is of linen; while trou
 I*o2 to I*2l, the quantity was 832.403,h0i
 yards, showing an increase of 153,605,
 yards.”
 From this it is plain that the ciy of repeal,
 especially as it is used in this country, adopt
 ed and fostered as it has been by some from
 whom other things night hwe been expected,
 w »rd with iut meaning. It is not proved
 that Ireland is unequally taxed it is not
 proved that rej»e il would he to her advantage
 twdeed nothing is proved but the self-evident
 fact that ih Irwh are discontented and have
 cause for discontent, lint why clamor tor
 repeal on behalf of the Irish until aouv* such
 proof is adduced T Wer the county of K uit
 to beco.a- I ke Ireland, it m titers not Iro n
 wha’ cAuse, provid d it wen; not unequa
 legislation. .v -rt■ --si i ;ke:i and unfortunate,
 and were the men of'.hit cou.ity to set up a
 claim that th» i icie it kingdom should Iw
 restored, doubtl -s o ir patriots for other
 countries would h dp to sw.;ll the gale, and
 lend their lun_'s to shout Repeal. I his, how
 ever, is not the way to benefit Ireland. I fie
 laboring classes of lint country sutler in com
 mon with the laboring classes in England and
 Scotland. Their cause is one let them
 work fur one object, and ilirir united efforts
 cannot fail of success. Hut other means than
 physical force must be used.—j. d.
 Thr Practice and Theory of ’leaching, or the
 Motives and Methods of good School-Keeping.
 Hy David I*. Pag'.*, A. M. Puhlished by Mall
 Dickson, Syracuse.
 Babiugtnn Macauley begins a review of
 a life of the celebrated Warren llastin ;s, of
 East Indian notoriety, with the short, hut
 explicit, testimonial of character—‘‘This is a
 big, bad book and without giving the
 writer an opportunity to say a word for him
 self, he goes on, in his ow n inimitable and
 interesting style, to give what be conceives to
 be a more correct version of the doings
 of that man, who certainly did not want
 talent, though, if the account Macauley gives
 of him he the true one, Ins principles were
 sadly out at the elbows. I mean in this no
 tice to do exactly the reverse of that reviewer
 —say little, and allow the author, as be is
 wdl able, to speak lor himself. He says in
 the preface
 This work had ils origin in a dr-sire to
 contribute something towards elevating an im
 portant and rising If the term
 th ortj in the title suggests to any mind ihe
 bad sense sometimes conveyed hy that word,
 1 would simply sav, that I hoe not been
 dealing hi the speculative dreams of tin clos
 et, but in convictions derived from the reali
 ties of the school-room during some twenty
 years of actual service as a teach *r.”
 The author thus makes good his claim to
 an attentive perusal on the ground of expeii
 euoe.
 Bt» is there no other ground? The sub
 ject is o icof the first importance. It is often
 t(*o slightly cared for. The influence of the
 teacher on ihe minds of those under his care,
 incalculable there is, indeed, only one
 relation—that of the parent, in w hich a more
 powerful influence, for good nr evil, is exerted
 am the minds of the young. Yet in how
 any instances, is he who undertakes the
 •f ork w anting in those moral, to say nothing
 .of the mental qualities, that are calculated ti
 itender his instruction useful! llow many
 there are who take upon themselves the lofty
 .responsibilities of teachers, without for o:k
 moment considering whether or not they art
 t n anv degree qualified. The author says—
 The school is no place for a man wilhou:
 (priueipi". 1 would say. that Xowh re it
 there a p.:i«* l u a oan without principle."
 .Each oneol’ os .1 ae would rightly consider,
 is all the ti i t -Uer. .Some one or othei
 is continually l .ong from us something thai
 will be either to hi&gt; advantage or his injury.
 Yet it is true, that a school, of all places, is
 the worst for a man without principle.”—
 Such a teacher cannot fail to exert a most in l
 junous influence upon his pupils, and in but
 ir«o many instances incur the fearful guilt ol
 dragging them down to his own miserable
 level.
 Teaching has never attained in the public
 mind an appreciation at all commensurate w ith
 its importance. The teacher has l*ecn paid
 'With a niggardly hand, and littlucare has been
 .taken to make sure of his coiri[&gt;eteiicy.
 Teaching (says ihe author) has by no
 means received the emolument, either of mo
 «ey or honor, which strict justice would award
 in any other department to the talents and
 exertions required for this. This having been
 the case, most of the l&gt;c*t talent has been at
 tracted at once to other professions; or if ex
 erased a while in tins, the temptation of mory
 iucialive reward, or of more speedy if not
 more lasting honor, has soon diverted it from
 teat-ung, "here so little of either can be re
 a izc in engafi.. a ;ue otlter department of
 higher promise.”
 Still, wnh all this discouragement, we do
 find now and then an Arnold, a Franckc, and
 a eslalozzi men full 0 f enthusiasm, and
 who realized the importance of their profes
 .lon, anj wl, “Hi study It was to de
 vise plan* lor influencing aright the minds
 of those under their care. Said Arnold, on
 one occasion when he found htutself compelled
 to expel pupil* from Rugby school for bad
 oonduct “It is not necessary that this should
 be a school of three hundred, or even fifty
 but it is n&lt; cessary that those w ho are here
 should be Christian gentlemen.” jj ow
 teachers there are who act under the idra that
 their pupils should be ‘‘Christian gentlemen'”
 *nd no wonder for w ho are our teacheig
 A writer iii ihe Journal of Education says
 Every stripling who bs* passed four yean
 within the walls of a college—every younj
 person who is conscious of hi* imbecility m
 other business, esteems himself fully compe
 tent lo train the ignoranc; and weakness ol
 infancy into ait the virtue, and power, and
 wisdom of rqaturer years—to fund a creature
 fce!4eat Ut%t be a v*n has made, into the
intelligent and fewlfl* sovereign of the w hole
 initiated crwtw —the interpreter .and adorer,
 and alaioat the representative of Divinity.”
 Th:* w a crying evil, for which a remedy
 must be found, and that speedily. The first
 and mo** apparent remedy m, th it none should
 be employed as teachers, but those who are
 thoroughly competent and qualified. Tocarrv
 this into effect, a iwTood improvement would
 be required, which would aUo operate as a
 rr-me*dy—namely, that those who are thus
 qualified should be more liberally rewarded
 and honored. Pope's couplet, with an alter
 ation of the idea, applies remarkably to this
 rase;
 laio* in the heart, breed rrmn in the brain,
 I And (hew re&lt; ipo&gt;rallv ttvwr ayain.”
 Had pay calls up mcomj&gt;etent teachers, and
 the incompetency of teachers has the very
 reasonable effect of reducing the pay—for
 who will pay a high price for an indifferent
 article; or rather, who will say lhat a had
 teacher is deserving of any reward
 ifut the book It contains fifteen chapters
 j—“ The Spirit of the Teacher; Rcsponsibil*
 ity of the Teacher; Right views of Educa
 tion; Right Modes of Teaching; School
 Government,arc some, of the titles of the
 chapters, picked up at rando n. This notice
 is growing to a:i unreasonable length still,
 the temptation is strong to make an extract
 from the chapter of Miscellaneous Sugges
 tions, which will serve to illustrate the spirit
 of th" work and the mode of training the
 author would adopt. Jfe says:
 “Take advantage of unusual occurrences
 to make a moral or religious impression.—
 Example During the early part of the dnv,
 there had been one of those violent rain
 storms so common ujk&gt;:i the sea-coast at lhat
 season of the year. It is well known to the
 observing mariner, that a storm from the
 southeast never continues beyond twelve or
 fifteen hours and when the violence of the
 storm abates, it is a common remark of the
 sailor, that the northwester is not long in
 debt to the southeaster. Previous to this
 change of wind, however, there is what is
 expressively termed the lull of the storm
 a period when the rain ceases to fall, the
 wind dies away to a perfect calm, the barom
 eter is suddenly depressed, the clouds hover
 almost upon the face of the earth, shutting
 out the light of the sun, and causing a cheer
 less damp 1 o settle upon everything terrestial,
 and a dreary gloom to enshroud the mind itself.
 hen the w ind changes, these clouds ate not
 gradually dissolved and broken up, so that
 the eve can catch transient glimpses of the
 blue sky beyond, as after a snow-storm in
 winter but the dark drapery is suddenly lift
 ed up. as if by an uns en hand, and the west
 ern skv. from the horizon upwards, is left
 more bright and more charming than ever, to
 refresh the sight and reanimate the soul.
 It was such a day, as before remarked,
 w hen the pupils of thissehool—partly because
 of the darkness in the school-room, and partly
 because of their protracted confinement within
 a close apartment during a gloomy afternoon
 —were, a little earlier than usual, about to be
 dismissed. The puoi's all seemed to wel
 come tin* happy release that awaited them;
 and in their eagerness to escape from confine
 ment, they very nalu rally neglected to observe
 their accustomed regard tor quiet and order in
 laying a»ule their hooks. It was, however, a
 fixed habit w ith the teacher, never to give the
 signal for leaving the room till all the pupils
 had taken the proper attitude for passing out
 with regularity, and then had composed them
 selves to perfect silence. On this occasion,
 perlmpK two minute*.passed away white imr
 boys were gradually, almost- impatiently,
 bringing themselves to a compliance with tins
 rule of the teacher.
 During this interval of waiting, the cloud,
 unperceived by the teacher, had been slowly
 raised up from the western horizon, just in
 time to allow the setting sun to bestow a fare
 well glance upon Uie sorrow ing world at his
 leave-taking. Through the Venetian blinds
 that guarded the windows towards the west,
 the celestial light gleamed athwart the apart
 ment, und painted the opposite wall, in front
 of the pupils, with streaks of burnished gold!
 In an instant every countenance was changed.
 A smile now joyously played where before
 sadness and discontent had held their moody
 reign. The teacher was reminded, by all
 these circumstances, of the beautiful lan
 guage of the prophet, which promised the
 gift of the garment of praise for the spirit
 jof heaviness." What could lie more appro
 priate on the occasion than a song of praise 1
 Without speaking a single word, the teacher
 commenced one of the little songs already fa
 miliar to the whole school
 L die he ivens aio breaking,
 Pure an tln igtit above;
 Lite and light awaki g,
 Murmur—tiod is love.
 God is l ive.”
 Instantly every voice that ever sung, now
 utter d heartfelt praise. The attendant cir
 cumstances, taken at the happv moment,
 t.n ia.&gt;h'*d such an impressive commentary
 upon the import of tin* words, that they were
 teli. as they never before had been felt, to be
 the words of precious truth. Eveiy heart
 throbbed hi unison with the sentiment At
 the close of the song, there was profound si-
 I nee in the room. After a moment's pause,
 during which the irtitli that God is e (M »d
 seemed to pervade each mind and hold it in
 silent reverence, ihe signal for departure was
 given One after another the boys passed
 from their seats with light and careful step, as
 if noise and haste would he a desecration both
 of time and place; and when they reached
 the open air, refreshing and exhilarating as it
 was, there was no boisterous shout, no rude
 mirth each took his homeward course, ap
 parently w ith a new and lively conviction that
 God is Good.”
 The book contains many useful hints, and
 should be in the hands of everyone who has
 the care and training of youth. It is not ol
 course perfect. ere Iso disposed, I might
 probably pick out some blemishes, and cavil
 at some of the sentiments. It is sufficiently
 easy at all times, even for the man who has
 no coal of his own, to pick holes in that of
 his more fortunate neighbor. Voder this pro
 j test, then, that I cannot subscribe to every
 word of this production, any more than most
 of the Episcopalian clergy subscribe, Vvithoul
 reservation, mental or otherwise, to the
 whole of the thirty-nine articles, 1 recom
 mend it to the readers of the North Star.—
 j J D
 Free Sou. in Connecticut.— At a meet
 ing of the friends of Free Soil held in New
 Haven, (Ct.) the following resolution wai
 adopted
 Resolved, That we cordially adopt the
 platform of principles laid down by the Duffah
 Convention, aud accept iu» nomination of can
 didates for the Presidency recognizing th*
 great cause of Free Huii, Fire Labor, an«
 Free -Speech, as our cause, and the men wht
 support and represent it as the iuju fur u». M
 Riot at Cincinnati. —A not occurred a
 Cincinnati on the 22«1, occasioned by the ex
 animation of two Germans on charge o
 having committed a felonious assault on i
 w oman. The mob attacked the jail, iniendinj
 »o seize and kill the German*. Tire officer
 f ,r, ‘d from a window, killing throe ami wound
 mg several of the assailants. The affiu
 created an intense excitement.
 A later despatch stale* that the exeitemen
 still continues. The jail wait had been dc
 rnuluhed.—The military were called aut, am
 four of the mob wets killed and three wounded
 The cnuiiniU arc returned volunteer*.
igommunicatious.
Philadelphia, Aag. 5, 1948. j
 Esteemed Friend*- —I should take this
 occasion to give too some account of the
 spirited Anti-Slavery meetings that we have j
 had for a few days past, but I an aware that
 ere this you hare thoae pioceedings by a more;
 able pen. But suffice it to say, that we hare 1
 had several very exciting and interesting
 meetings, and hare at present a rery good
 feeling amonj our people in this city; and
 were that feeling kept up, we might in ajl j
 probability obtain a goodly number of sub
 scribers for your invaluable paper. I was'
 delighted to see by your last number, that Mr.
 M. R. D&lt; lany intended making us a visit in
 September, for the purpose of obtaining sub
 scribers. I may lie mistaken, hut lam under
 the impression that two hundred subscribers
 cun be obtained in tins city and county by a
 little vigilance. It will require a man that is
 persevering, and one that stands pretty fair or
 popular in this community very different
 from Jas. McCrummell.
 GEORGE W. GOIXES.

 BerLINVIILK, Aug. 20. I
 Dear Bro. Doiglvss: —l have just been
 reperusing your address delivered at the cele
 bration of the first of August h.dd in your
 city. In it I find the following passage
 “About eighteen years ago, a man of noble
 courage rose among his brethren in Virginia.”:
 For what purpose? “We have long been
 subjected to slavery. The hour for our de
 liverance has come. Let us rise and strike
 for liberty. In the name of a God of justice,
 let us slay our oppressors.” Yes, noble man.
 Oh, that there were a few' such noble men
 now! Oh that the slaves would rise as one
 man, and hurl the tyrant from his throne
 Oh that this were not a nation of hypocrites!
 Oh that there were at the Nsrth a few noble
 men, with philanthropy, religion, and soul
 enough in them to go and aid their brethren in 1
 freeing themselves from the galling tyranny.
 And is it possible that there arc not? Do we
 not all know that the slaves would be justifia*:
 ble in rending their chains, even if to effect it
 it were necessary to take the blood of every
 slaveholder in the land? And do we not
 know that what one man may do, another J
 may assist him in doing? In short, do wej
 not know that we ought to deliver the de-,
 spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor?”)
 Why this silence on the part of abolitionists!
 and the abolition press? I wish to propose,'
 for the consideration of abolitionists, the fol- 1
 lowing question: Is it the duty of abolition
 ists, under present circumstances, to make an
 effort to liberate the slaves by force Will
 its discussion be detrimental to the cause of
 liberty Who will take the negative Give
 us light. Yours for the slave,
 FIM\TK IURRV
From our own Coir upon lent.
 St. lleliers, Jersey, Aug. 9th.
 I have availed myself of the opportunity
 which a short sojourn in this delightful island
 has afforded me, to visit the neighboring
 shores of Franca. My fi
 rmed to Normandy and Bntanny Provinces,
 ihe inhabitants of which not long since all
 but repudiated the term French, and consid
 ering themselves, as in truth they are, distinct
 races, chose to adopt different designations,
 and to adhere to the denominations of their
 respective countries. The tall atatmo, «l»o
 fresh complexion, the light hair, and the clear
 blue eye of the Norman, bespeak a very dif
 ferent animal to the Frenchman proper. The
 old Scandinavian blood has remained com- 1
 pantively free from admixture in the veins of j
 ihe peasant of Normandy, though the lan-!
 guage has faded away utterly. The Bretons i
 are a branch of the great Celtic race, and as
 such, are less akin to the true French than
 their Norman neighbors. Their physical
 distinctions are not, perhaps, so marked, but
 in temperament, and in ideas, they are even
 more adverse. Their language, which, in
 many secluded parts of the province, remains
 almost unaltered, is very different from the
 French. Under these circumstances, you
 may judge that the mania which lias per
 vaded all France, would, if exhibited at all,
 be se m in its mildest form in the vicinity of
 tlie North-western coast.
 The first aspect of Republican France, dif
 fers not greatly from that of France under
 the citizen king. The same shoals of mili
 tary dressed men rush on board on your en
 tering the harbor, (very much out of their
 element, by the by, do they look when they
 have quitteJ dry land,) —there is the same
 demand for passports, and the same rigorous
 search foi contraband goods; but the first
 sight which greets you on landing, is an un
 happy-looking, faded shrub, (viewed at the
 sowing time of the year,) bedizzened with
 tawdry cotton rags, of blue, red and white,
 its tiunk swathed in ungraceful folds, and
 innumerable little streamers attached to its
 twigs. This is the sacred emblem of the
 Republic, in order to preserve which Irom in
 jury aud insult, it is uecessary that that great
 moustached and bearded soldier should be
 solemnly pacing up and down continually.—
 Why, the tree will be'dead by the day after
 to-morrow then at Rome it is better to do
 as the Romans do, and so, w hile passing, it is
 best not to laugh at the tree, but, preserving
 a respectful decorum, wend your wav to your
 hotel. You have been seated but five min
 utes, before you hear an awful rattling of
 drums it is the National Guard exercising
 in the street. Curiosity attracts you, and
 you gaze from the w indow upon (to English
 eyes) a very novel scene. Groups of eighteen
 or twenty fellows —some fat and some lean,
 others short, apparcntly_boys of 14 or 15,
 whom one would think it unsafe to trust with
 a gun, are carrying long muskets, with long
 bayonets attached, and are being exercised
 therewith. Drilling being over, the drum
 beats again they quit the ranks, and scatter
 themselves about the tow 0, each retaining the
 I murderous weapon, which be appears to re
 gard with pceulisr affection. You walk out.
 and every public buikhng you see the
 three words, Liberty, Equality, Fraternity
 f except 00 the j-ui. They have enough aeaae
 1 left not to inscribe liberty 00 a place of in
 carcemion. You make a few cautious m
 qutnes of those with whom you happen to
 r come 10 contact, with the intention of obtain
 ing the average optflton m which the new
 1 state of things is held; everywhere you hear
 j tt said that Lamartine was aQ very watt; hut
 h« was a book-tasker be was not the man
 for France be not govern the people
Caratgnac (having n&lt;nr the ascendant) is iA&lt;
 man for France There new was any on
 like Cavaignac. Occasionally, a waiter wil
 tell yon, beneath bis breath, that the country
 is in a wretched state that nothing is doing
 You investigate the cause of his complaints
 and you perhaps find, if von are in a tow:
 any distance inland, that yon are the firai
 Englishman that has gladdened his eyes thu
 year wberoas, last year, at the same season
 his hotel had entertained one or two hundrec
 of our fellow-countrymen. If you chance U
 sleep in the neighborhood of the main street
 of what in England would be a dull, quie
 l town, you will be awakened by the roll o
 the drum, which will probably continue al
 most incessantly for an hour and a half. On
 half the time you cannot find out what thii
 is all abouW It is probable it may be tram
 to the reading of the proclamation of the Pro
 feet or the suh-Prcfect, which, under th«
 great and glorious R;*; üblic, must be attendee
 with every noisy honor.
 In travelling from one town to another
 your horse perchance casts a shoe, and you
 unwilling to waste your time in staying to sc&lt;
 it replaced, stroll onwards. Arriving a
 some scene of beauty, after gazing about foi
 some time, altogether regardless of a numbe;
 of men who are working by the roadside
 you eviscerate, from the depths of youi
 pockets, your maps and guide-book, am
 inayhaps produce a pencil, and begin calmlj
 to enter in your book the result of your cogi
 lations in arrangements for your future jour
 ney. You are startled from your occupatior
 by a volley of oaths and execrations in youi
 immediate vicinity, and glancing up, discovei
 with surprise that you are the object of them
 The road-makers have ceased their work.—
 One of them is blackguarding you with the
 most concentrated expressions contained in the
 French language, and the others are looking
 approvingly on their comrade, whose abuse
 they justify, by threatening gestures, also di
 rected against yourself. llow on earth you
 have offended them, you cannot imagine.—
 Your awkward predicament is relieved by the
 arrival of your carriage, into which you jum;
 with marvellous celerity; and being now quit
 of the gang, you begin to attempt to extract
 from your driver the probable cause of the
 unmitigated abuse to which you have been
 subject. For a time you are perhaps unsuc
 cessful but your Jehu being a shrewd fellow,
 and having made particular inquiries what
 you were doing, suggests, that as commis
 sions have been recently issued by General
 Cavaignac, with a view to the reduction ol
 the vast clouds of ourriers who receive gov
 ernment pay, you have probably been mis
 taken fur one of tlieir employers—the careful
 entries in your note-book, conjointly with the
 calculating expression of your face, having
 been deemed conclusive evidence against you.
 You have, perhaps, beeg for the moment,
 thoroughly frightened, and you are after
 wards, perhaps, inclined to laugh at the inci
 dent, and are surprised, on giving a jocose
 version of it to an intelligent Frenchman, £t
 th#grave aspect he aaamaes, although he
 clitißg in popularity. Who the prcs’.it :.!ol
 of this fickle-minded pagple is, I have not
 asosttaineJ. Cavaignac, if the likenesses I
 have seen of him are good, is a most noble
 looking fellow. Truth and honesty, conjoined
 with firmness of purj&gt;ose, are written in every
 line o his countenance.
 I visited St. iwmo, rfP&gt; birth-place 0 f
 Chateaubriand, and there I saw the tomb in
 which he had recently been interred. Every
 thing had been done to render the ceremony
 as imposing as possible. Fifty thousand peo
 pie assembled to behold the sneetacle.
 S. P. Q. R.
 Help for the a use of Justice.
 It is constitutin’' iliy pretended in our re
 public, that justice is secured to all. But
 adult people of ordinary intelligence under
 stand that this means, to all who can pay for
 it. Drayton and Sayres are poor men and
 cannot pay. Tlieir case is ours. It belongs
 to all the free who can afford the luxury of
 human hearts in their bosoms. Need we call
 attention to the Report of the Trial Commit
 tee’s treasurer, and the call appended
 Send your share of the money at once,
 reader.
 We see by the papers that sentence has
 been pronounced upon Sayres, on the indict
 ments which were allowed to go against him
 1 by agreement, to wit fines amounting to
 j $14,800, and imprisoned till paid. Of course
 bis counsel reserved the right of exception,
 and the case will be carried to a higher court,
 where, if there is any respect for law, the
 judgment will be reversed. The case of
 Drayton is also to lie carried to the Circuit
 Couit, and cannot fail to lie decided in his fa
 vor, if a decent respect for law is not thrown
 overboard. But all depends upon the Com
 mittee's being furnished with the means to
 conduct the defence.
 Thus far the battle has been nobly, and
 beyond expectation, successfully fought for
 four weeks. The defence caunot show
 their hand, for obvious reasons, but they
 have a good one—one which it would be
 criminal to lose for the want of even ten
 thousand dollars.
 We see the Northern papers which have
 l noticed the result of this case are quite erro
 neous, the N. Y. Morning Star cruelly so.—
 It savs:
 No sympathy will be felt for these men,
 because the evidence went to prove, that
 the negroes were stolen in order ui carry them
 South and sell them it was a base larceny,
 w hich the most fanatic abolmomst will cou
 i demo.”
 This, as our readers know, is totally fals?.
 Sayres, in two trials, was acquitted of Lar
 cenv.the witness by w boa Drayton, whose case
 was the same,w as convicted, having retracted
 r his lestummy. Of course, whether Drayton
 1 is to have a new trial for that reason or not,
 the verdict against hun is groundless. "I be
 prosecution utterly failed to establish any car
 i rymg awray to sell.
 i Let our readers understand the case. There
 were two sets of charges one fut stealing,
 ’l another for transporting. Drayton was oon
 viiUd of stealing- The »lines* who convicted
 i hun retracted, and Sayre* acquitted o;
 stealing. By agreement, Sayre* was then
 found guiltv of transporting, in eonsiderathm
 1 j of the Distinct Attorney gmng up all the
 1 larceny cases against him.
 r So the case stand# thus English is dis
 charged Drayton i» held only on the larceny
 cases on testimony retracted since hi* eonvie
 Uon Sayres is held ooly on the charge of
 transput ting, wish as app«l to the Circuit
 f Court, and a perfect certainty that the pruse
 cution must fail to make a ease against him.
 t Ckronetyft.
 JU&gt; A letter ha# beeoxweenedat Washing
 ton, form Gen. Casn; pledging himself, if
 elected to veto the W limot Proviso. A. O.
 B*t.
 Hon. iostraa ft Gtddings, the prevent
 r »hfo, fearless, and true Repreo ouiive of the
 r XX ih •ogresstons! District of Ohio, has
 besa mnnmi 1 4 by the Whigs for re-election.
 The District eoopnsos the Counties «f Ash
 tabula. Cuyahoga, Geauga,and Lake, aad ia
the Oregoa Bilk
 j Tk« fbHmf Jb|f incxleaft w hich occur id vbin
 th« Oregon Bill came *pm ib me
 P*tract fmm the Wssbtngtgn correspond mce
 j of the New York Expr****:
 When the iram? of Mr. of Mo.,
 was called, he pone and ntd th*l he had agreed
 to pairoff* tfpon »lun qnt&gt;.&lt;oi«n with Joshua
 R. Gidduurs and he did not Tote. This was
 worse lhao a Mitkerj, Mr. Giddmgs n»tfh»
 is well have paired otf with uobodv, as
 Mr. J., is not in his seat one day in forty.
 At one o'clock and ten minutes the great
 rote was taken on the “Missouri Compromise"’
 as given above. AH were iir their seats, and
 the members of the House wer breathlessly
 1 silent, it was apparent that the vote woulJ
 he maiuly srctional, though here and there
 the voice of a Northern man with Southern
 principles” was heard, Dinisaii, of New
 York, sell-sacrificing to the last, leading off,
 notwithstanding the doom which awaits him.
 There were some dodgers present in the Hall,
 and some ready to vote for ihe Compromise,
 if their votes shoo Id he necessary to pass it;
 hut the majority against such a Compromise
 was overwhelming. and the result W3s receiv
 ed as a sort of volcano in the chamber, and no
 one had dreams of so large a vote, or so im
 mense a majmity.
 Mr. MeClemand, of Illinois, who reserved
 his vote, when his name was called, tosc ami
 voted No. After the roll had been finished,
 and after appearing in as many colors as the
 chameleon, and deeming discretion the bet
 ter part of valor,” he fiually voted against the
 Compromise. There were others in equal
 tribulation, hut none so vacillating as the mem
 ber who did'nt vote at all, and finally voted
 both ways.
 It is determined beyond all peradventure
 now, that the Representatives of the People
 from the free States, dare not vote for the ex
 tension of slavery. The exceptions only make
 the principle sustained, and the very few men
 who abandon it, all the more prominent. Ii is
 hardly necessary to direct public attention to
 these men. If political death overtook the
 People’s Representatives, who voted for the
 Slavery Compromise twenty years gone bv,
 what will he the fate of such men in this more
 enlightened and responsible day of political
 place and power?
 Gen. Taylor Committed at Last.—The
 Albany Journal dlates that, on the subject
 of the Wilmot Proviso, Gen. Taylor enter
 tains the views of Mannum and Clayton.”
 To which the Providence Herald adds—“ We
 deem it just to remark, in ordi r fully to
 prove Gen. Taylor's committal on this point,
 that one of the gentlemen above named voted
 for this measure, and the other against t.
 Gen. Taylor not a Whig.— Russel, a
 western stump orator and lately a whig rup
 resentative in the Ohio Legislature can't
 swallow old Zack. In a late speeech at one
 of the Ohio Free Soil meetings he came out
 and defined hi 3 position. He said the Whig
 party was in tee predicament of a once un
 fortunate coon. The coon had selected a
 hollow atump, and made in it his nest for the
 approaching starms of winter, at great pains,
 with straw, leaves, Hut one day on his
 return, he looked down into his nest from the
 top, and what should he in it but that other
 .anitnal called a skunk. The Coon hailed the
 skunk: How came you in there?”—The
 skunk answered Because 1 am.” Well,”
 says the coon, get out, then.” Shan't
 do it,” say i the sku ik. Hut you will—it's
 my house,” sail Mr. Coon. I wom't—for
 it's mine,” said Mr. Skunk. Well, who
 are yon, then?” said Coon Me—l am a
 coon,” replied the skunk. “You a coon?”
 said th" coon why, you don't talk like a
 coon—you don't act like a coon—you don’t
 look like a coon —and hang me if you smell
 like a coon.” (Great laughter.)
 So, added Russell, we Whigs may sav
 of the man foisted for his avvilability upon
 the national ticket of the Whig party, as its
 candidate for President. He don’t talk like
 a whig—lie don't act like a whig—he don’t
 look like a whig—lie don’t smell like a w hig
 —and 111 be hangeJ if he is a whig.”—
 (Cheers.)
 J '.ring alikm. —A speaker at the Huff’d'*
 ill _ 4 1 U in tilG
 treatment of slavery and other petitions in
 congress, thus
 It is petition dav in congress A gentle-;
 man from South Carolina his presented a
 petition to take the fetters off of home j
 labot.” The petition is passed right along, j
 I felt encouraged. (I was green then.) [A
 laugh.] I have presented a petition that
 congress shall as lar as it has power, remove j
 the institution of slavery. Immediately a
 dozen members move to lay it on the table,
 and it is laid on the table in a twinkle. Th *re
 was but little difference in the two petitions.
 The Southern member s was to remove the
 fetters from how la'jor, and mine was to re
 move the fetters fiona home laborers. I feit
 like the green Yankee who went to work fir
 the old deacon. They used to place a pitcher
 by his plate which contained nothing but
 water, while the rest of the family u&gt;cd the j
 contents of a huge pitcher which sat in the
 middle of the table. One day our Yankee
 friend boldly sciz d said pitcher and taking a
 hearty swig therefrom found it to c mtain the
 best kind of cider. The deacon, very much
 astonished, asked the veung man where he
 was brought up?” here ad fared aii»e,
 by replied I»3. (Great laughter.] I
 came from a country where all fared alike,
 and I thought rny petition should have been
 ...a .....I. .n.,/,h rf&gt;*rv'ct as the other.
Commercial.
RoctfKSTEn.Sept.fi, 18W.
 i Within thp f»a«t eek tie? Grata irwrket ha* under
 *„ne mate chanh-.*in? alTaticed •bo* 12J ct*
 I per Inwhel.
 An offer of £1 17 per bushel war n» ie yesterday
 fix a boot l&lt;*d of Cenesee, but refuse I.
 Com is in rood demand, but not very ple.ity—SO
 ctr per bushel is the niaiket price.
 Oats are nut very plentiful, nud meet a ready sale
 at 25 ctr per borltcl.
 In the Prori-ioo tuarktl Uicre is ftule change,
 an 1 not much doing.
 Rochester Wholesale Price* Curre»t.
 FLOL'R a*d MEAL—DuIy 20 p c ad val
 Klmr. fbM 4 75 «3 00
 Corn tur-al, f Utah 4§
 PROV LSIU.S5 —Duv; H&gt;* f t P«rk,ilr u«, on.
 Butter an! Lard, 2$ t Cheese 3-i ca i v*!
 Pork, fc 10 50
 Du. in M 409 a 4 so
 Beef, cat 3306 t 4
 Do. MJ. (-«e*») 700» 8 00
 Lard (tried) ft
 Uo. (leal',) m
 H&lt;uu* t 7 4f S
 Slnaldeti. do 4 5
 Tnrkej.y®
 Om he*.
 Potatoes, l«sb
 GRAIN— Duty; 20 p c ad v*l
 Wheat, butti 1 08
 Cum 45
 R&gt;e jj
 Oats 2-J
 BorVv ..40
 IlllrErv —Ikdy; 5 c aJ val
 i BUaritur
 Cat 10
 Jttaep Pelta »2|
 SEfcDS—Detj; Umned Wy&lt;| Miutai 20 f
 e ad v*l
 (lorrr
 Tuaotkj I 25 0
 Fkaa I 09
 FUWjJfI-. kcetga 2O y c ad^*l^
 Codkab awl 4 00
 SUNDRIES—
 Sak. rUJ IVS
 00
 Du- dried 75
 rom i
 Penn*, f bosh ...Sim 100
 liny, ft ton
 Maid mM
 B 4 Wood _____
SEW riUP FifTORT.
 THE subscriber take* thu mrth&gt;d la nj' tm tV
 eit‘r*i*e* &lt;4 R awl virvv»»y. thai be fe»*
 lust a P*.nf» Factory, a! iwmhrr 221,
 Main street, whet* he will he happy to wait ujoo
 ■h&gt; may Utoc bhn «nk ;iv ir (mrowir.
 H.iviag haJ co«»i.ien&lt;bie expe: umre ia hi* line of
 bfwiurM. hr pledge* to ftre,f«b a* ;«kJ an
 »rtirlr. and of food miter id. a ryu Sc procure I
 at any other similar esuMuhiix nt in bus city, li t
 Pump# arr turn: she I with either wood **t lead pipe,
 as may suit rustomcr*. Hr afcn saspptte*, to
 wm df*tr«tion of Aqr lrt L-jr. or Lewd Pipr.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in ilhwlii',’ such
 of bis ciKtosarrs as »w re |oiie thr Ldormstion, to
 c. nope tent onrk'wcf'. win- will nf’md to all rails f.r
 diagi &gt;2. drilling,° ir hlunjiss w lb. promptly. as»d at
 reasonable rates. All kinds .4 i'lwjn repaired to
 onW.
 QfJ* Thr nH-ve work irl! hr furnish? I at the
 bwi*»t [hires, for c t«H. Persona will do wxil to
 rive him a rail lvl’»rc purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FEI.T.
 R*jchcster, July 14, ISH. 1&gt;29
 fash (irorpry and Provision Store.
 No. 1:13, Main street, neirr of Xorth street.
 (Old Stand of F.dtv.uJ Ilardwrll.)
 Jl ST receive an I w ill constantly on
 hand, an extensive and c« :i|&gt;lete assortment o
 droc«rieia»i Provisions.
 A large lit of (iroceries just received, bought in
 New York, at tlie lowest ot the very low prices l
 the |wv*cm season.
 Sugars, from ;t gnd article at 5 cents per lb. to
 the best crushed and pmvdere I.
 Clear, heavy PiHlo Rico, (’jn.Luitia an l New
 Orleans Molasses, vein low lor "he quality.
 Mackerel, Stint, Codfish, Eic*», Roisii.s, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, and all the aitides, too
 numerous to mention, which make a full v.n ictv to
 supply every want of families &gt;«r dealers.
 Clwice tVesh (iivsn ami Black Tens.
 Extra Old Java and other Codecs.
 Cash pniil for produce ami provisions.
 The attention &lt;*l" farmers, city (amities an 1 dealers
 is respectfully solicited. Those win* have long fre
 quented this well known stun I are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in want of good* in
 my line, ate invited to examine wv assjituien*. and
 prices.
 I s. ll fir Cixh only, an I can therefore a'lord to
 sII low. A new lot ot’ goods expected from New
 York in a few days. I interni to make arrang--
 tneuts soon to k&gt;*ep a supply of Free L&lt;:f&gt;&gt;r (rr&lt;“ eric.,.
 Cust imcrs shall lie assured of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and price of mv goods.
 ti. 11. gTF.BHI.V3.
 Rochester, July, 1148. 3.u2il
Important to Farmer-*.
 IDE’S Patent \Vh9rl Cultivator an I Wire* Oniss
 Plow. Tile Farming Public are liercby informed
 lhaf Letters Patent have boon taken out by the Suh
 *•'Tiber t’nr liis recent great improvements in tin- con
 struction air I manufacture of FiKl.ii Cl) l 11 v.\ tor*
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
 the whole system of binning, by reducing the extiense
 one-half or more. Wherever they have lx*cn intro
 duced, they have nr t the deckled approlmtion of
 farmers, as tin: following certi lirat&lt;s from the intel
 ligent ant practical fanners whose names are
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that wc, the Subscribers, have
 seen ail l use I the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 bv .Nath ts 1 1 »k, of Shelby, Orleans Co., N«i
 Vork, and b. lieve it t*» lx*, as a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of tlie greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a firmer can put in from ten to fifieon acres
 more of wheat in a year, with die same amount of
 team lalsir; he can also sow it in much Ivtter order.
 Bv it also Canada thistles arid oilier noxious weeds
 may be totally extiqiated. Said machine is so con
 strnet vl that it can be regulated to go any depth, bv
 means of screws on the irp(xr part of the niachin--,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only just brush the surface. Ip &gt;n the w hole, wc
 think it decidedly tlie liest machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, ail I as such ft e cheerfully recommend it
 t.y our brother farmers.
 James 11. He lley, Janies Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes llc.lley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1345.
 We, toe luvU-rsof i««i, pirdsmil of NhHcui
 Lie’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purjxise so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepsire with two horses, eight acres of lan I per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done titan by tlie
 old plows; tin I the land pepared by ti.is Cultivator
 will yield o bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURT-tr.
 Riga, June, IR4B. DKNAW CHURCH. I
 We consider cultivator one of the lx*st
 laiwv "'H ~l ,I l, fs in use, and as such coin
 .■fcn I it to the tanning community.— ChntatiFurmrr.
 Attnr these testiin minis, the Subscribr deems it
 unnecessary to eater into a long and elaborate des
 cription ot the unidemont with ,ts various ,dcs of i
 operation. I o lie lulll
 aai use 1. No farmer who telly do IPfWi,WJ "f. I J I
 interest will lie without one, as it is an invaluable j
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July IS 13.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufacture', by
 LEVI WELLS, Bnlilo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, itocliesler, N. Y'., ivliere ftrineis are iuvited
 to call an 1 ex inline fur themselves.
 Xew and SecouJ-Jlaal lolLint?,
 .1/ 43, Kr hin'r Strt't, lhciualtr.
 LLOYD SCOTT w oil) most respectfully inform
 his frie tlsa 1 1 the Public g Tie. ally, tll.lt lie 11.1.-
 co.isia itlv o 1 h url an excelk-it rwsortin ut of N *w I
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Cmits, Punt,l-.
 loous, V'. st*, Si'-., with which he will supply
 Customers at tlie most r:-as nable Pri'TA.
 L. S. desires also to infirm tlx- Public, that lx
 attends to rep airing an I renovating, which lie war
 rants to be don:: at the cheapest rate, aa.l in the
 best an I neatest possible rna liter. II s long experi
 dice in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who mav patronize hi.u, tluit his wo. k s.iuii Ire don
 to t!n*ir e.iti.e satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 11, 1313.
 Tltl'XkS! TUIXkS!
 'THE first quality of article is to lx-had at LYING
 X it BON NELL’S new Establishment, No. s ft,
 State Street, Koetiesier, Also a general assort
 uicnt of Valises, I r.ivehmg Lags, Sc watch arc
 offered at die very lowest prices f.r Cash.
 Carriag Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dir patch, by J. T. Lit »g. at his old stand
 in State Sire.;t, oj»jsjsite tlte Ma*tsion ILms-.
 J. T. L. having had »?xtensive experience in the
 L.stern market*, It'ix* Ur give saildaoti-m Pi a
 g nerous public win* snail Lvor Ui.u with Uicir |&gt;a
 tronsigc.
 Ridaster, July 11, 1313. 3m
 AlßLin and UOt llfcSTKtt
 RAIL-KO Yl&gt;
 ON ami after Friday, J:rx* 3Uc.li, ilnet* w ill be turn
 I’airsi'er Trams daily *aeii way
 l/nriig Ilrlvstw at 1.15 P. M., *7.15 P. 11. an
 12.15 m.
 L&gt;stt mg Auburn »t *3 A. Yl-, 8 A- Yl., aai 6.35
 P.
 Westward. —After th»s Lie, t)«e train bavin*
 AUu.iy x*»i Tr*#y or» Saiurtfcr. eve &gt;ing, wilt remain
 at Auburn from Snutay mmauig till Sua lay evening,
 wrb*n it wilt pT'jfwd westward at tile UKUt&gt;uae ap
 pointed (or tin* cnwoiiog tram.
 Eiirifißu. lb w.nirif min fnsn BuSalo,
 leaving Kucbrsi'-r daily, at 1- YL, dialer bcrtal*
 ir.T b* discontinued on Htiiiny on this K -»d.
 WY|. WII.I? Y', ffopvi iotrn lent.
 K.rbritsr, Tuveiay, llih Jnly, 1343.
 Geapral laicliigesce Oflicr.
 HO. W. GOINES having njjsrx-d art F.-lableh.
 II meal at l.mt I’UIUIUITUII l»*rirtr£,
 Lswilntd zfiite 3 voith, f.r tire jsirg re
 proettriog bsiwt aid bilkfil down-tie* fir lb&gt;*e
 nfti may require tlm, airl obtain in* f.tiees ft*
 sura as Mr l|U.ilitie.i and 111 Waal liu re at, leg* leave
 to refer to the fd’**wi«g mow I g*-atknrr&gt;, wao hal»;
 kia.Hi is-rmitleJ the ns- «f their nans 1 a*
 tnlrew Y| Ylaki 1 Liit a vi use Ann-rw uM C&lt;an i t
 Rdm Yl *m*. Elitor- f Uv l xynirer
 Jasper llardng, Pa»»bs*»r ij lhr V p«&gt;f'r
 km I J. Fiiejea, Llitor of Neal’s &lt;Mteitr
 Tm. B. Flare E aßsr of f laws a.*t hiei tone
 Robert Howell, tu, b'.rtol Street
 Hlibam J Muil w. I&gt;, Cathetiwe Street,
 j Pini»&gt;telpi«ta, ek pt. 1, 1348. I S —Zb.
 I D. J. PECK, Phyw w) am l timfitm, Pks*
 IJ la VJph-A lastitriv, Laatlurd Suoei. al**'*-
 Seventh. ly— 24
 HOME FOR HI FOK»dKM*i.
 'J’HE ivlarriter immiMvl »o ka&gt;
 1 nwal, ud central b No. ?i '♦'Msl
 «f the Friend* of faf &gt;nm. mi remmaobfe rhorgea.—
 lie tV- h** bnsse m he dm «e ntmo
 ton.vrhcra the frievhef T«np»*«r, P«*r*. P«»i*Jf.
 rereAea. tfe* Prw-ewc. kr.w-ym-t l*
 CaMsl CWt "f— e *1 J»jl^^Hj,tmygrart
jon pristisk;.
 The TfORTII BTAR OFFICE, is
 mhSn'vJ-* 7'vpc, i* twtrtw of e»er*
 de&lt; lijrti- i u 4 FYnrti** with nesbrci*# M»d despatch,
 at lire k&lt;w **t fir* e* lot cadi. *U!
 Haai-btiD, EShnakti* &amp;t&amp;haad&gt;.
 I'r sjrafiuMc*, Co-~uhu'f, BilU^Winl/
 I’cMjitil; Jj, Cjfih, LbtJi kf
 SEW ri RI.ICATIONS#
 A VIM. BE READY l\ A FEW DAYS,
 V.'\ Al K Arr**t, with a U*f sketch of
 hi' hie t v tirnr f Hr* n&lt;!n"l.
 Ak s ii*SM Vc AMbrm »lA* s:a,*,mftk,
 r*4 Stain. Thu addn-&lt;* «k«a r« Wu&gt;d bt the
 r&lt;wrwp,u;,. n at Fuflui.. in IMS. tV Httina
 r l th-nre r-fc*, »iil Ao weii to
 sen 1 in their nr.Vts early.
 •H *1 ft i’.l.lSUr.D, a entitled Tn*
 l’"T AM&gt; Put Si NT Cotnil intnr T|f S fol 0*
 l&gt; Ktrt.lv l**nry ftimrrt.
 l'i tat l&gt;n, Orders aimde«l u».
 April 2.5, 8;».
 f y* I the r. tr&gt;ym 9. A. V. M 8 P. V.
 THE ANTI-SLU FRY OFFHE a s 1» REA I
 j l IMi ROOM, V,. 25. Buffalo Street. The
 Rikhii is neatly furnished. and the table* titled with
 •‘*«W ”1 the tvut Anti-JyUvrrv, Trinpctaacr, Reli
 giotr*. I'ulitKiluil Lkr«) R.iper*.
 V ARRATIVE OF THE I.IFE OF FREDER*
 O U K IMM'tiLXSS. written |,j hiuuvll. to
 had at this oilier, price 30 cents.
 NOTICE.
 THE Oopartnrrship heretofore rxi-ting Is-ttvcru
 I I 1. \RK Dl Nt OMHE, tv.is tiiUUtiilv tii*a
 snive l &gt;rti the Ist of April ISIS.
 A. CLARK.
 C. 11. DI'.NI’OMBE.
 Rwchestcr, June 2, ISIS.
 D'l. Cl. VUK, still c xitiiUH's at No. 89 Smith’#
 Arc;».le. Hurt tin Street. Dr. Clark ttnulil in*
 tnrin the citizens of Rechester an surrounding couu
 try. that I; keep* a sfiMs! iiss-ntau nt iif Thoinsunan
 nil I other Botanic put up with di
 rections tm family u»e also Inr sail- Dr Thomson’#
 .New .Mates ta Me.tint. I his valuable wink should
 t»* owned In i Veit prutuiontu an I family in the
 lan.!.
 A. CLARK.
 Jam- 2, ISIS. tf.
 Ilnir-I iittinsr and Dressing at
 Ralph frwci S’s Saloon, uniler the liable
 li ill, Bulfaln-ntreH. jnl ll 3m
 Books, &amp;r.. For Sale at tin* Anti-Si.avkrv
 Okkick Hr.tlii'iii Room, No. 25 Rullalo
 sf., Seemiil Story op|)«&gt;site the Arcade:
 .Narrative of Fre«leriek Douglass.
 44 44 JiiiiithaieWalker.
 Portrait
 Spooner on Cnconstitsitinnalitv of Slavery*.
 W Phillips reply to do.
 Legion ot LiUatv.
 Slavery illustrate I I v its effect on Woman.
 Also a r ieli variety of Fancy and useful article.#
 mule hy the Ladies’Anti-Slavery SiK'ietv.
 jV’te m thr P rr tv f
 A TRIBITE (OR THE \E(.RO.
 Brit (i A VIMUrtTIOS Oi TIIF. MUR litTtl.*
 i.rt rr vf. ami nr Moines rtriPiUTir.t or
 THE (’OLORED PORTION' OF .MANKIND
 II ith ptirtirular rrftrmrr to the A frirnn mcr,
 illustrated hy numerous mithentie facts, niograpliica
 Sketclws, Tcstiimmu s of Travolleis, Jkc.
 The motives which have firtuated the author in
 preparing the nlxive-iiieutioiied work, an* sok-lv a
 desire to interest and eidiglitr u the pulilie mind,'on
 a stihjeet intimatelv (ouneeteil with tin* happiuen# or
 misery of a large portion of the human family; and
 liv a relation of l.u ts an&lt;l testimonies, which no
 assertio is can annul, to remove a «lee[ily-n«&gt;ted pre*
 ja lice, existing in the minds of many, respti lino the
 African race.
 It is an important question whether tlie Negro i#
 constitutionally, ami therefore irrcmediuhly interior
 to ties white man, in the powers of the mind. Mneli
 of the lutnre welfare of the Imtnan rare depends on
 the answer which experience and fact# will litruisli
 to this question; lor it concerns not only the vast
 population of Africa, lint many millions of'tlie Negro
 rare, who are located elsewhere, and the white# aim
 are Ix-rotning mixed with the Hack race, in rnmifric#
 ulieie Slaveiy exists, or when* it has existed till
 within a recent period. .Many persons have venttir*
 ed upon peremptory derisions'*,;! f., lt sides of th.»
 question; hut the majority appear to he still uusatis
 ae I as to the real capal.ihttes ol the Ni*gro lace.—-
 Hicir present actual inleriorifv iit many rrs|wets,
 eompniug them as a whole with the liglifer colour
 ',|l mankind, is too evident to he disputed
 hut it must lie home in mind that tliey an* not in a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to la* drawn ls
 tween the two. Their present dcgiadcd state mav
 Is* fa.'dv accoiiofe.l C»r hy the eireumstaiM'es amidst
 whii li Negroes have lived, hotli in their own eonnfrv
 and aluoad. If a sipgle instance can Is
 ’.vliieli would lie eousiclci'ed eminent in civilized Euro
 pean society, we have a proof that tin re is no incom
 patibility U'tyyeeu Negro organization and high in
 tellectual power. lint it is not one alone, hut many
 remarkable eases of this description that are brought
 forward in the present volume, which mrlnibn up
 winls of 151) Uur'rttphirul tkitrhrt »f African* or th&gt; ir
 'frsrrn/htht*, lies ides facts nil I Anecdotes, Teslimo*
 nies of Tiavellers, Missionaries, &amp;c., the wliokf
 forming a compu te‘*TntueTt ron t h k Nn.s/r//*
 and exhibiting an u ulouhted refutation of (lie u#&gt;
 toiiii le I eahim lies which have licen le*a|»cd on tin? iin
 firtunate race of Africa, proving them to Is* endowed
 with every characteristic constituting tlsor identity
 w ith the great family of Man, and consequently, e«-
 titled to ei rf.iin inalie;i.dde rights,”amongst whirl*
 arc 44 Id'-, Idsrtv, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which is a daring usiirput; ..i of tUo
 pu r .g ititre and authority of tin* Most High.
 Tin* work will U; rendered additionally' interesting
 by At .M'PROPIII AT K I .XT ROilL TOR V fot.M,
 wrilt:*n |MU'poscly lor tie* occasion, hy 1&lt;». It X.% Kt&gt;
 Barton. It w ill also he etuiched by tin* a.Mi'imi
 of a beautiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to tin* Lou lon Mi.'-ioitaiy Society, representing two
 Natives of South Af;iea giving i'.vitlenre Is lore
 S* l&lt; et Coiuinitu*e ot the Hoes** of omuions. Tin,*
 \frieans are giving i viileime, Dr. I lullip is seatml
 in tiie foreground, and James Rem 1, sen. ami jun.,
 Mi.'sioiuiri 's from .South Aliieu, an* standing, the
 latter a&lt; ting as interpreter. The volum'- n ill also eor»-
 taia fsn traits of
 It' »t&gt; v the liief of 44 Ami**..id 'aj tives.”
 Jax T/ r/.or, (.’hrislian CliuT ot lie: AmaLosor
 'l'rdie, SoutJt Africa.
 J. Ri xtxGTo.#,a highly esteemed JLmstrr
 ol the &lt;»osja I, of pure Alri&lt; a.i extraction.
 I'ki iikkk x Dot o no, 'ln* fee turn slave.
 Ul.Al! llAlt hgll V No,'or 111 XT AVI i ANSA.
 Engraved on ■•lrel by (itst-rate Artist*. Also aM t
 "IA# 11 t of rl.t vyiitii'g of Toi:n&gt;Al.X r I/OtVTK
 rt, hi. tin BLuk Cuiifof I lay ri.
 Tin.* work will t*. pi oiled in tlx* U»r type.oo fine
 piper, and consist &lt;»f aisail ,VW jsiges Bvo., Is autiful
 ty isiond i.i cloth, witil an apfvoprlate ilcvice, form
 ing an elegant Volume 1 ,r the &gt;!rawing-room table.
 All profit* arising from its salt; wdi fa; i!evotr*i| to
 tlx: A ■in-.'*L*very Au.cik .ui (nice, ti, sill.iwr. 1
 ei* lii nsu-solse iilsrs ?4; io.;ivi .uaUrlesir&lt; i.
 ,1 |S, *-■**•,ig e.,p,f S wdloblege by ssmiing ils ir oi
 dels to U It-ON Vkriatkau, Iseds; or to ilw
 N OK Ml S I A K Mill- e.
 of the
 inrriiau .fwtrnaf.
 O. fOWLF.K, Rum,
 1&lt;) ref ,riß .um! perfect outtelvi ami o«r rree, is
 tlx- as st exalted i&gt;f ail work*. Yet, to 'lt, tins
 nitft u.bierjt oil tlie Human •MutiWinsi. Tin*
 Rhrei«*V/gy Physiobegy and t i':il Mag s (i*m cm-
 U.u c, aiyd rc ce expiasal a!l txe law of i«r King,
 Con .lu ll* of ituppiws Sai Cows!uUAr tin
 l-ls i &gt;l /ie ol I lulu oil Truth.
 rxKi.xoiot.v
 f-o ii mi ala r v»il. csit.iin eirher tlie a .j'cii
 faati hi «oe ptuemrh grrml to w.lv iii*««tra'e Iby
 an Li.gr.it lag. ,jc an aiucal oo tm tr r»a««)j|o.it.&lt;»!»;
 aixl ai—» I.* ofganizatioii ate! lraiaci»*r *4 s*«».e dr»-
 titign.*!* .1 |*-i i.tag-, r* i*inti &lt;i t*y_a hLi*
 niv«ioLOf#v,
 Hell'll I* Tie* g'ol i,wl/tnisnt (Jnlrdt tr*
 tar aot lu[y inrM,4il &lt;4 WfMCtl S a**vrt.O. Fn
 jietsi I Sal*o.l *.*J uiUssOc, .'P»&lt; alleisteai »dl km
 giteo.
 Web rrclul latru i 'i *a»n**iN* fat*. »*d
 cK e rliwtU* which it »d b&gt;. r.a;«Msd IM
 th.* J'Atfuul
 yot’sl6 MM.
 Ths 14 ran
 waM. ami tmu |a*|aua»»M*i fc*« WortihKtlng oat I rati
 lot eat*. Will tii tl»«e *4 *im vf wuclrs.
 M.L*
 Who doe* oot kms &lt;.arwe*t)t, a*l wowkl not stfl**
 xsiiiwunab, cuifcvwto hi oaswal pson,
 letcW hoAia lt leltn sskl mu« tupi#! To sarh,
 eaH. sunder will U a ifuqin amt text-book.
 TERM&gt; i a rart»lK m idtuore—ONE DOLI
 All V YEAR.
 riAHhLE M-Hlrikii of this J&lt;*su) a4l Is
 URtfH, wia-u yk«wcsl.
 To rv.tr aft* "ton, leffTS JJti etdsfi roart be
 P(*ST F III), mi t*
 FOWLER s* WLLI.S
"
