"Tofhc Liberty P.itijr of the County
 Nadioon:
 r&lt;rcn so prediction become hi*t«»r
 Even. iL» »&lt;&gt;on, sr** our vr&lt;&gt;rsS furs realixed:
 Iwo, in l*4'i, the Liberty Party of t!i
 State rf New-Vork wri' prcpari-itf itself t
 finite with the Whig* in a new or
 Mitmi'm ind when, in the Mint year, tit
 Li!*nv Party of the State of New Hamj
 shire, b imtf It to tie better to get office tha
 to a.there to principle, united with the Whig
 a**i Independent Ih’tnocrats; there were
 hi re aid there, faithful voices, that forctol
 the rnin, wimrh must result to the Nations
 Liberty Party from its approval of such et
 raucous comiuct. Dot, even they, who ul
 tered these prophecies, di«l not look for
 I‘pe ‘dv n fulfilment of them. Little did the
 think, that, so soon as the year 1847, th
 National Liberty Party would have, for it
 Presidential Candidate, a gentleman, wh
 would scorn to belong to it, or to indorse it
 distinguishing principles. Still less did the
 think, ihat, so noon as thus Party would
 openly, abandon its name and punciples
 Such, however, is the accelerated motion u
 thos-, who loosen their hold on truth.
 Hut. the Liberty Party is not extinct.
 few are left to hold up its standard, and pre
 serve it* name, ami honor its principles. Sucl
 of as reside in this State, have, as yoi
 called a State Convention at Cauastota
 2sth niHi mt. It is meant, that the Conventioi
 should be held in the County, which, amonj
 all the Counties of the laud, is the Banne
 County" of the Liberty Party—a County
 which, ere that Party corrupted itself, ha&lt;
 carried up its vote as high as eighteen hun
 find—a County, too, in which the Hoods o
 defection have, perhaps, swept off a less pro
 portion of the members of the Liberty Party
 than they have swept off in »ny othei
 County.
 'Piie proposed Slate Convention should b&lt;
 largely attended from this County. For th&lt;
 purpose of promoting such attendance, an&lt;
 of strengthening each other's hearts, let ui
 hold a County Convention in Peterboro oi
 Friday, the lofli instant, beginning at 10 A
 M. We choose Peterboro, because it, like
 Cauastota, is a place of interesting associa
 tions to the abolitionists. It was in Canastota
 that the Liberty Party resolved to erect
 monument upon the grave of Myron Holley
 its great founder: —and when, thirteen yean
 ago, the friends of the slave were driven fron
 1 tica by an infuriated mob, Peterboro wa?
 the only place, truth-loving and brave enougl
 to afford them a safe retreat. Peterboro is
 also, the place, in which the Liberty Part)
 first dared ro tell the slave, that he is a man
 and has the rights of a man.
 We hope for a large Convention the 15t!i
 instant. We liojhj, that the friends of the
 poor white man, as well as of the poor black
 man—in a w ord, tin; friends of righteous Civil
 Government—will attend it, in great numbers.
 Among ihe speakers will be J. K. Kigali ol
 New-York who will present the cause of the
 Land Reform Parts.
 Aside from the Liberty league and Land
 Reform Party, which have the same Presi
 dential candidate, that the Liberty Party has,
 there are four political parties in the country.
 Their real character on this subject of slavery
 is to be ascertained, not by looking to their
 professions and boasted platforms; but by
 looking to their candidates.
 Ist. The Presidential candidate of the
 Whig Party is celebrated for nothing else than
 recommending the use of bloodhounds in the
 war of tiiis nation against the poor innocent
 Florida Indians —for his success in butcher
 ing the unoffending Mexicans; —for owning
 and working, without wages, three hundred
 of his fellow-men —for confessed utter igno
 rance of Civil Government —and for having
 never cast a vote.
 2d. The Presidential candidate of the
 Deinocatic Party is distinguished, as a dem
 agogue, and as a tool of the slave power.
 od. We come, now, to the Presidential
 candidate of the. Free-Soil Party. Of his
 horrid past we will not speak, since it is said,
 (we fear only said,) that he lias repented ol
 it. He is, indeed, opposed to the extension
 of slavery into the regions of which we have
 robbed Mexico. We arc happy that he is:
 and, because he is, we warmly hope, that
 Whigs and Democrats will vote lor linn, ra
 ther than for Cass, or Taylor, llut, he will
 not lift a linger in behalf of the three millions
 of American slaves —and, though he says,
 that lie would no longer veto a hill to deliver
 the slaves of the District of Columbia, he still
 thinks it inexpedient to deliver them. .Strange
 candidate this lor Abolitionists! Abolitionists
 may well rejoice in this Free-Soil movement
 —for it is a part of the effect of their own
 doings and it shows, that they have got the
 anti-slavery load half way up the hill. Hut
 to get it up the other half, or even to prevent
 it rolling hack to the bottom, they must keep
 on pulling. Let them pull, patiently, a year
 or two longer, and the Fiee-Soilere also will
 stand on the top of the lull, and will also he
 Abolitionists. Hut, no more progress will
 the Free-Soilers make, after the Abolitionists
 shall have gone down to them. The locomo
 tive is then d taehed ami both roll hack into
 a common ruin.
 4ih. U remains to say, that the Presidential
 candidate of the Liberty Party is not such an
 alMihtionist, as Zachary Taylor; nor such an
 abolitionist, as ljcwis Cass; nor such an abo
 litionist as Marlin Van Huron; —hut that he
 is such an abolitionist, as Gerrit Sum It.
 Riism'll Hall, Samuel Wells,
 William iloud, Hiram P. Croricr,
 Edwin l«e\\is, Titus Gilliert,
 Sul 1 1 ran; Southfield;
 Young Lewis, Ahishal Seolfield,
 Harvey laois, U. T. Hooker,
 Warren lark, Lewis Chappell,
 George Ilixon, William Gardiner,
 L A. Willson, Chailes li. Plumhly,
 Willard Colton, Amusa I&lt;ord,
 Ambrose Hill, Orson Peck ham,
 Stillman Spinner, Hamilton;
 Washington Stiokney, A. L. Saunders,
 Lima; lirookfield
 Horace Stowcll, Otis Simmons,
 Kara Campbell, G. M. L. Simmons,
 !Annan William A. Simmons,
 Eleaier Seymour, Seth Hitchcock,
 Samuel Thomas, Jr. Samuel Brownell,
 Allen Kingsbury, Sidney Tompkins,
 hoi jo Madison
 State or Parties in the Hoisr or Rs
 mese.ntativts.—Tin.* inquiry is often mads
 as to the result of the Presidential contest,
 in the event ot its being carried into ths
 House of Representatives. Although there
 is but little i fiance of anv such thing, we
 subjoin the political complexion of that Immlv,
 I'V State* premising, what ever) one knows’
 that if no one candidate shall have a majority
 of all the F, kdor.il votes, ~n&gt; of the thru
 highest candidates voted fur hy the |&gt;eo|i]e
 hall Ik- selected by the House of Repre
 sentatives—cacti State casting lint one vote
 IVAtg. Tad.
 Marne. Vermont. N. Hampslme,
 Virginia, M.iKtarhu*clts, Rhode Island.
 •S. Carolina, t onriecUrut, (Georgia—G
 Alabama, Nww \&lt;»rk,
 Mississippi, Pennsylvania,
 laoiisiaua, N« w Jersey,
 Texv, I Via ware,
 Arkansas, Maryland,
 Missouri, N. t srolioa,
 Tennessee, Horida,
 Indiana, Ohio,
 Illinois, Kentucky—l 2.
 Michigan,
 Wisconsin,
 lowa -15.
 iin re are not B irnburners enough in any
 ef tin- Deiijociat Slates to effect tlm vote for
 I' iss; vi that, if the People do not elect a
 President, the Baltimore nominee will he
 tery likclv to have eh-ar sailing in C digress.
 Alt'omf Jooi tat
 l iJ" W'JWII cslcuds from Lake Michi
 gan to the Lake of the Wundt—a distance
 of a thousand Uiih'B. Dividing the whole
 terntoi) into two q tai pans ea« ii pait would
 he Lig- u tii ;rc.4t State of New Voik
ff oanh Protectl#® t'lioa.
 At a meeting held August 18th, 1848, a
 the Hall of tHe Mechanica* Protect ten th&lt;
 following Preamble and Comtituioo wen
 adopted, vht:
 Whereas, These troth* are arif-evident
 that all women a* well a* men, lore create*
 equal—that they are endowed alike will
 inherent and inalienable rights—that the lawi
 of nature and nature** Chid, entitle then
 equally with men to the product* of their iaboi
 jor it* equivalent; and Whereas, the usages
 and customs of society are soch at the pres
 ent day a* to exert a prejudicial influence or
 woman as a class—having a tendency to op
 press and injure, rather than elevate and
 benefit—to degrade and impoverish, rather
 than enrich and enlighten-—to encroach upon
 their right* and privilege*—to subvert their
 l»cnt interests, making them subservient to the
 will of man—to obstruct, if not entirely to
 close all avenues leading to those stations of
 honor and respectability to which nature and
 right of equality so justly eatitle them —and
 whereas, individual effort is found insufficient
 to correct the existing evils of society in this
 respect:
 Therefore, We whose names are hereunto
 annexed, do agree to associate ourselves to
 gether for the purpose of our individual and
 collective benefit and protection —and for the
 purpose of securing harmonious action, we do
 adopt the following.
 CONSTITUTION
 Article 1. The name of this Society shall
 he Woman’s Protection I’nion,” of the city
 of Rochester, and shall be composed of such
 person* as will sign this Constitution.
 Article 2. The officei* shall be a Presi
 dent, Vice-President, Secretary and Trea
 surer, who shall bold their offices for the term
 |of six months. r
 Article 3. Each woman on becoming a
 member, shall pay the sum of five cents;
 each man, the sum of twenty-five-cents but
 when the time shall arrive that woman receive
 an equality of remuneration for the aaroe la
 bor performed as men—then this inequality of
 assessment shall cease.
 Article 4. The weekly dues shall be one
 cent for women and twacents for men.
 Article 5. The regular Meetings of the
 Society, shall be held on Friday, semi-month
 ly—and ten members may form a quorum.
 I The officers of the Society for the present
 term, are,
 Mrs. ROBERTS, President.
 Mrs. Cavan, Vice-President.
 Miss S. C. Owens, Secretary.
 Mrs. Amt Post, Treasurer.
 The Regular Meeting will be held on Fri
 day, September 15th, at halt past 6 P. M.,
 at the Hall of the Mechanics’ Protection,!
 where the friunds of the movement are res-j
 pectfully invited to attend aud give such
 counsel, assistance and support, as may be in
 their power.
 SARAH C. OWENS, Secretary.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 15, 1848.
Steamboat Oregon,
 Lake Erie, 9th Sept. 1848.
 Mv Dear North Star I secure this,
 my first opportunity of writing since our ab
 rupt separation at midnight between Monday!
 and 1 uesday 4th and sth of September. I
 j propose now to tell you of a few of the
 1 sights and scenes through which I have pass
 ed since that parting. On taking the cars
 from Rochester to Buffalo, I found them
 densely crowded With passengers on their
 way to the great State Fair, which opened on
 Tuesday. The developments of character
 among our passengers, during the whole
 passage from Rochester to Buffalo, showed
 conclusively that a large quantity of rare
 caftle would be exhibited at the Fair,
 j Dialogues of the following description might
 i be heard after leaving some of the most prom
 j inent watering stations
 Out of Scat —Sir, you have got my seat.
 In the S&gt;/jt —You are mistaken, Sir I was
 directed to this scat hy the conductor.
 Out of Seal —Sir, 1 don’t care a d—n
 j about that; I have paid twelve dollars for
 this scat, and have held it ever since I left
 Albany, and shall have it again d d quick
 j too, and you had better leave it.
 In the Seal —l shall do no such thing
 when a seat is vacant it is as free for one
 gentleman as another.
 Out of Scat —l appeal to the gentleman on
 the other side if I have not held this seat ever
 since I left Auburn. (The gentleman on the
 other side sits silent, evidently wishing to
 avoid a row.)
 In the Seat —A man’s right to a seat ceases
 w hen he leaves it and there is nothing of his
 left in it to show that lie intends to return to
 it again. This scat was entirely vacant
 when 1 took it.
 Out of the Scat —Now Sir, you have two
 things before you you must either come out
 of that seat, or be dragged out, for have that j
 1 scat I will.
 In the Scat —Drag away as quick as you 1
 please; but you may find you have got the
 i wrong pig by the ear. (Loud laughter on
 the part of the passengers, and cries of Hold.
 on to your seat.)
 The seated man having got the grin of the j
 importunate upstander, and there being no 1
 probability of gaining his seat, he marchesi
 peaceably into another car amid the jeers of
 the surrounding passengers.
 Tuesday morning, sth Sept. 7 o'clock.—l
 am in Buffalo; have met with brother Delany
 and Mr. Langston, and m company with
 ihetn and Mr. A. H. Francis of Buffalo, and
 Wm. H. Topp, of Albany, proceed to the
 steamlioat Pacific, destined up the lakes, and
 [taking Cleveland in its course. This bw t
 has the name of bring under the control of
 slaveholders, and is said to have printed on
 th** Iwck of its tickets—“ This boat is in
 tended for the accommodation of southern
 passengers.” I certainly expected rough fate
 ou board this Imat, and was pleasantly sur
 prised to find the opfioaite. Hie captain and
 whole slop's company, as w&lt;ll as Uie pass
 engers, treats myself and company with tl e
 ntiu«*t kindness and attenltoo during the
 whole tup; and so far as I am myself con
 ''t rued, he passed me along without charge
 N.rily, a great change is tiking pace m the
 j public mind, and, as General Cass says, J
 confess 1 Maud affected by that change.
 I Du Wednesday morning, Gib Sept., w« were
 •Mlcly lamb'd on the shores of beautiful
 Cleveland. Delany and myself accepted the
 kind hospitality of Gapt MnJvin, huusclf a
 colored man, and n»«bly striving to elevate the
 chataeier of colored men. At eleven o'clock
 the (ouvcntitm meet in the (Vmrt I loose
 There are delegates from various parts o&lt;
 Ohio, Illinois, Michigan, New York, and
 Canada, and a fine looking set of men they
 are, just the sort to take the lead to the great
 cause of moral, aortal, aud mental elevation.
 Here I shall skip the proceedings of the Con
 vention. as I mean to *»y t- them
 when I get under your own modcM beams in
Km liule room it borne where we took oo
 Midnight parting.
 lam now on the steamboat bound to Bdh
 In, and for the first time during the lant few
 rears find mv«el» almost cntirplr amoagstrsn
 ge r», and therefore enjoy the happiness of a
 temporary repose. The deportment of ofln
 cen and men, is respectful tod polite, subject
 ing roe to oo deeper degradation than prohibit*
 j tag me from eating with the hungry herd at
 whites who generally swarm the first table—
 no great degradation alter all, hot still not
 exactly as it ought to be. My Dear Mr.
 Francis, who is on board in company with
 Mr*. Francis, has just told a gentleman who
 I am, aad they insist upon me to give theta
 an Anti-slavery speech. A vote is takea,
 by which 1 am unanimously invited to speak,
 the Captain himself consenting. 1 am told
 that this is the first trip of the Oregon"
 when a colored man has been allowed a cabin
 passage. Another Oregon” free soil victo
 ry. Oh! the cause is rulliog oa; Believing
 that this was s favorable opportunity for.influ
 encing the popular mind, 1 accepted the invita
 tion to make a speech. The audience listen
 ed to me without the slightest manifestation
 of approval on the one hand or dissent on the
 other. The passengers were evidently stran
 gers to each other's views, and the political
 excitement now abroad and the breaking up
 of the old parties made it still more difficult to
 applaud or condemn, for you know our North
 em people are very independent and are pecw
 liarly careless of public opinion. During my
 remarks, 1 convicted the slaveholder of thef
 and robbery, and considering myself among
 strangers to the anti-slavery subject, I font
 tied myself on every hand and hemmed the
 slaveholder in beyond the possibility of escape.
 At the close of my remarks, I invited any
 persons who might feel disposed to question
 any of my positions, to avail themselves of
 the opportunity of doing so, for 1 was ready
 to submit my speech to the closest examina
 tion. Here a scene transpired which would
 require the pen of a Jcrrold to describe. A
 man rose with the most contemptuous sneer
 on his face, and said, If there are any slave
 holders on board, he supposed they were
 white gentlemen and it was not to be suppos
 ed that any white man would condescend to
 discuss this question with a nigger He
 was himself a slaveholder, and I had called
 him a thief and a robber, &amp;c. At the close of
 this little speech, finding the passengers pleas
 ed with the verdancy of the slaveholding gen
 tleman, I replied to his speech in a somewhat
 facetious account of my gcncolagy. I inform
 ed the gentleman that he was much mistaken
 in supposing me to be a nigger, that I was but
 a half negro—that my Dear father was as
 white as himself, and if he could not conde
 scend to reply to negro blood,to reply to the Eu
 ropean blood. Here the “grin” wascompletc-
 Jy on the poor slaveholder. I then went on
 to show that he had sssumed a little too much
 in presuming all slaveholders to be white,
 and cited cases of black men, who were slave
 holders—showing that though we may differ
 widely in the complexion of our skins, we are
 identical in the color of our morals, It was
 easy to see that the slaveholder felt himself
 losing favor with the passeugers. When I
 sat down, he rose again as if in utter despera
 tion, he stamped upon the deck and said that
 he had travelled ia various parts of this nouo
 try, that he thought he knew something of
 the public sentiment of the country, and that
 nothing but the actual knowledge which he
 had that night acquired, could have made him
 believe that such sentiments and impudence
 as he had heard from my lips, could be tolera
 ted and applauded by white men in any part
 of this Union. The only effect produced by
 tins exclamation of astonishment and chagrin,
 was, to bring to his feet a Northern man who
 whined out an apology for the slaveholder,
 on the ground that almlitionists had not been
 sufficiently careful of thefeelingsof slavehold
 ers.—That bad as was the condition of the
 slave, the poor slaveholder was in the most
 unfortunate condition of the two. This open
 ed up another view of the subject and induce
 ed a comparison of the relative condition of
 the slave and Uie slaveholder, and led to an
 interesting discussion in which a number of
 the passengers participated. The meeting
 continued from about eight in the evening to
 ten o'clock, and the meeting adjourned. The
 whole affair showed the great change going
 on in tire public mind on the subject of
 slavery.
 Yours for Freedom,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 Initials. —ln compliance with the wishes
 of numerous correspondents, we shall here
 after append our own initials—F. D.—to all
 articles from our pen published in the North
 Star. Our friend and colaborer, M. R. De
 lany, will probably append his initials to arti
 cles written by himself. This arrangement is
 adopted solely to gratify our readers, and not
 because there is the slightest division of senti
 ment between ourselves.
lEP We account to our readers for the
 small anKMiot of editorial matter in our last
 number, by our absence from home and at
 tendance at the Colored National Convention
 held last week in Cleveland. For much of
 the interest given to that number, we are in
 debted to the industry and devotedness of our
 Publisher. We deem ourselves most fortun
 ate in having in our office not only an experi
 enced and practical printer, but one who holds
 the pen of a ready writer, and whose heart is
 deeply imbued with the spirit of freedom and
 human Iwocherhood. We have had many
 assurances from our readers that the articles
 of J 1). are read with delight. We nope he
 will often feel called upon to appear in our
 columns.—r. D.
Noble Miss lhx recently visited the
 Maryland Penitentiary, and presented the
 convicts with 900 books, the nnelotts of a
 Penitentiary Libiary.
Hon. Hokace Menu, of Mask., has writ
 ten a letter declining to take sides fc*r either
 candidate fur President. He also Mates that
 lie w ill not he a eanduhtc for re-elerfftll

 Tbk Montreal papers are hi led with rumor*
 of the intended owieuatiop of Lord Ogw, the
 Governor General.
Tua Lowell Era calls its neighbor U iht
 Courier, The great Taylor Banjo," and
 ays it has too mueh love of church music te
 call it an organ
 It is estimated that steam power effects w
 Enclvnd a sanng of&lt;n much labor as cnoM
 be done by there hundred millions of men.
r Mini tattoatl c M n«tf m at dm-
 We return (bn this Cwiieetina whfc a
 r higher sense of tk exceltente of ebmctet
 aai nental ability of oor people, then we
 i hare ever entertained before. Cat off from
 them far lew yean peat by the dutiesof oor
 vocation u a lecturer, and aeldom ametiag
 them when their characters and sentiments
 r coold be well determined, we had almost
 eome to think that they eared very little abont
 the fettered bondman, and leas shoot their own
 deration and improvement. No man with
 soeh impressions eoold bare gone to a better
 plan than the Colored National Convention
 at Clerelaad, daring the last week, to hare;
 soeh impressions entirely removed. He woald
 hare witsemed an deration of sentiment, s
 warm philanthropy, an ardent lore of free
 dom, an earnestness of purpose, a bril-
 Itaaee of talent, and a dignity of deportment,
 which would hare done discredit to no
 ddiberatire assembly ever held in this coun
 try. We fed proud to be associated and
 identified with these, our maligned and de
 spised fellow-country men. The Conreotioo,
 taken as a whole, was tbe most satisfactory
 and unexceptionable of any colored conven
 tion which we ever attended. Whilst there
 wag manifested a variety of views, warmly
 set forth and insisted upon by the various
 speakers, there was a commendable toleration
 and forbearance towards each other, as well
 as an abnsnCe of party or Seetional feeling,
 quite surpassing say convention which we
 ever attended: There appeared te be but one
 heart and one soul in tbe Convention, and that
 was pervaded by one spirit. Every one
 seemed to be deeply desirous of getting at the
 best means for improving oar condition at the
 North, and removing every hindrance to the
 emancipation of our brethien at the South.
 Having but just returned from this Conven
 tion, and withal quite jaded out with our la
 bors during the past week, we shall not be
 able to give our readers that detailed account
 of its proceedings which they might have ex
 pected in this number of the North Star.—
 They will, however, be content to" wait a
 “little longer,” when we assure them that an
 authenticated and carefully drawn up account
 of those proceedings will be speedily pub
 lished by the industrious and talented Secreta
 ries, whose able and accurate discharge of the
 duties incumbent upon them, commanded the
 high respect and the warm gratitude of the
 Convention that appointed them.
 There was no feature of the Convention
 more gratifying, than the spirit with which it
 was regarded by the white citizens of Cleve
 land. On these, the Convention exerted a
 most cheering influence Our day meetings
 were all largely attended by white poisons,
 while our evening meetings were literally
 thronged, many being compelled to leave the
 Court House and the Tabernacle.(large rooms
 where the Convention was alternately held,)
 unable to gain admission. As an indication
 of the change which has taken ptace in the
 public mind in reference to our people, we
 may state that the Court actually adjourned
 several hours earlier in consequence of the
 Court House hiving been previously engaged
 to the Convention. This change in public
 opinion, and its superiority to tbe law, was
 frequently referred to during the interesting
 discussions of the Cue vss toon. It will be re
 raembeted that Ohio is disgraced by what are
 called black laws, (and such they are.) One
 of those laws forbids colored men to come
 into her borders without giving bonds that
 they will not become paupers and a public
 expense, and all such persons are liable to
 arrest if found in the State. But here such
 is the change of public opinion, that we are
 not only welcomed within her borders, but her
 law administrators throw open the doors of
 her public buildings for our accommodation.—
 We call upon slaveholders and their abettors
 to mark this fact, and we also call upon our
 colored biethrcn to mark it, and hail it, as a
 sign of the good time coming, when
 worth, not complexion, shall be the test
 of respectability and excellence. During the
 whole three days of the Convention, we did
 not hear of a single indignity offered by a
 white citizen of Cleveland to a colored man.
 It is true, when we entered tbe city and went
 to the New Eifjgland Hotel, there was mani
 fested on the part of the bar-keeper of that
 house, a slight want of courtesy when ques
 tioned to know if ho could accommodate us
 but this treatment stopped at that hotel. The
 delegates who went to the American Hotel,
 and also those who put up at the Durham
 House,” were treated with the respect and
 attention commonly paid to other travellers,
 and we have not beard of any of the white
 inmates or boarders who raised the slightest
 objection to this treatment of colored persons.
 The Dunham House, one of the most orderly
 and elegantly conducted hotels in the city .was
 peculiarly free from skin aristocracy, and we
 would especially recommend that house to the
 attention of all the travelling friends of “free
 ■oil, free men, and free speech,'* who may
 chance to pass through or stop any length of
 time in Cleveland. We are sure that they
 will find in that bouse a rare combination of
 those excellencies of character in the propri
 etor, and all connected with its management,
 which make a temporerary home in a hotel
 pleasant and agreeable.
 We feel sure that the Convention, if its
 influence shall not extend even beyond the
 limits of Cleveland, has done a sufficient
 amount of good to justify the bedding of it;
 but its influence will not stop there. The
 delegates in attendance from Illinois, Michi
 gan, Ohio, and New York, will return to the
 various circles who sent them, and carry to
 them new zeal, an increased knowledge, a
 firm determination to dedicate their energies
 lo higher and holier objects than those to which
 we, as a people, have been too long and too
 deeply devoted. They will tell them that
 they can only be free whom the truth makes
 free; that in order to elevation, ihetr lives
 ninst be in-harmony with the truth that they
 must add to thetr faith virtue, knowledge,
 brotherly kindness and charity that earth
 and perdition cannot prevail against a eharac
 ter made up of such heaven-dcaoended qual
 ities.—r. o.
Htsav Clay iy nijiiu).—At a meet-
 m Poughkeepsie, a few day* unce,
 Clay *a» loainatnl m eMMrtm
 whh Millard r&amp;motm, with tbe design of
 fon *u*« an electoral ticket on that basar A
 ha» trace been held in New York,
 at which a resolution wat&gt; pasted, pledging
 tboaa prebeat to vole for Henry Clay.
C. c. Baric Jgh.
 The speech of the advocate of Human
 at the rWkoo*e on Tuesday eve
 i w*® of Wa ablest aflorts. For two
 boom he enchained by h» invincible logic and
 thrilliag eloqaence, a large and delighted audi
 ence. The burden of h» speech, was a most
 complete exposure of the exorbitant demands
 of the Sooth, and the unmanly and mean sub
 aemency of the North to the abre power,—
 a theme peculiarly inteiesting at this ens’s.
 The meeting closed by a unanimous rote of
 thanks to Mr. Barlcigh, and a pressing invi
 tation to him to remain in Monroe county and
 lecture for some weeks. Mr. Burleigh
 stated that his engagements were each as to
 make it out of his power to remain in Monroe
 county, his appointments being already made
 east of Albany.—r. n.
B 7 We publish in another place an address
 to the Liberty party of Madison county, New
 York—not because we agree with its senti
 ments, but because we desire that any class
 of sbolitionists, sincerely laboring for the
 overthrow of slavery and all its infernal train
 of ills, should be fairly heard, especially at
 this crisis. We do not sympathize with its
 regrets that the old Liberty party ia over
 thrown but, on the contrary, we believe
 that, so far as the real and vital anti-slavery
 sentiment of the country is concerned, that
 sentiment will have a better field for its opera
 tion now, than when subjected and hampered
 by a political organization. The friends of the
 slave may now press their cause upon popular
 attention, without awakening the suspicion
 that they are aiming to attain the loaves and
 fishes—office. The spirit of fieedom now
 swings free from the galling fetters of party
 creeds, and may once more devote itself to its
 legitimate work of enlightening the public
 mind, purifying the national hearts, waging
 its warfare against a slavery-sanctioning
 church and dumb-dog ministry, and thus
 hastening the jubilee to millions. We are,
 however, far from feeling surprise that those
 who have relied so implicitly on political ac
 tion for the overthrow of slavery, should be
 greatly aggrieved at the unceremonious swal
 lowing up of the Liberty organization by the
 Free Soil party. Nor are we disposed to cen
 sure as much as admire their tenacity in
 clinging to an instrumentality from which
 they hope to gain such an important result as
 that of dragging the Free Soil party to the
 summit of the anti-slavery hill.— r. d.
Official Appointment. Charles 11.
 Langston, Esq., has been duly appointed by
 the Most Worthy Patriarch of the P. O. of
 Sons of Temperance, Deputy Grand Worthy
 Patriarch for the State of Ohio, and Deputy
 Most Worthy Patriarch for the West, extend
 ing into all the States West of the Allegha
 nics, with full power to establish Divisions
 and grant charters, which he is now well pre
 pared to do. He requests that the Divisions
 in Ohio and elsewhere will be prepared to
 adjust their business on his visiting them.—
 He succeeds Messrs. David Jenkins, of Co
 lumbus, Ohio, and A. M. Sumner, formerly
 of Cincinnati.
The Bangor Gazette comes to us this
 week under a new name. “It was suggested
 by our allies,” says the editor, as likely to
 allay a prejudice which might be an objection
 to it as the organ of a new party.” It wjl)
 henceforth be called the Platform, and ad
 vocate the Buffalo nominations and “no further
 extension of slavery.”
As Interesting Fact. —Mr. I)yeT, one
 of the publishers of the American Phono
 graphic Journal,” in one of the numbers of
 that work, replying to the question often put
 to him Whether he ever reported a speech
 or an address actually verbatim 7” replies, that
 he has so reported the speeches of many of
 the most distinguished speakers in the United
 States and in Oanada, but that very few
 speeches are published verbatim, being not
 suitable for publication until revised and that
 the only two speeches of all that he had
 reported, which did noi need such revision,
 were, one by the Governor-General of Can
 ada, and the other by Frederick Douglass
 Does a black man know anything?—Chris
 tian Contributor.
American Literature Abroad. —Th
 question which a British reviewer so arrogant
 ly raised some years ago, Who reads a
 American bookV has lately been answered i
 a way not very flattering to the slareholdin
 portion of our country-men. The eloquer
 and touching narrative of Frederick Douglas*
 who a few years ago was a field slave i
 Maryland, has been translated into the Frenc
 language, and is finding a rapid sale in th
 new Republic.—J. G. W. —National Era.
 Vie de Frederic Douglass, Esclave Ame
 ricain &amp;c. &amp;c. Paris, 1848.
 By the politeness of the Translator, w
 have been favored with a copy of this transla
 tion into French of Frederick Douglass’
 Life. It makes a very neat 18 mo. volume
 IU6 pages, and is beautifully printed.
 Miss. Sarah K. Parses, of Bristol, En
 gland, is the Translator, and she appears t
 have executed the work with great fidelity
 skill and good taste. Wo have enjoyed
 new pleasure in reading in a new languagi
 this admirable autobiography. We wish w&lt;
 could say the work ts for sale in this country
 but we understand that only two copies of i
 have been sent here. We hope that at leas
 a few others may be spared for this side u
 the water.
 The translator has given an original Pre
 face, introducing the work in a judicious am
 appropriate manner to its French readers
 We may perhaps give s translation of thii
 Preface in a future number of the Liberator
 In justice to Miss Parke* we must add thai
 the Labor bestowed upon this translation war
 wholly voluntary, a ftee-will offering to the
 Anti- cause, and a pnxd of her zeal
 ous attachment to it. Nowhere has the shvi
 firmer or truer friends thao in Bristol.
 We have observed, in reading the Narra
 live, a few errors of the French printer u
 giving some of the names of persons an&lt;
 places but they are of slight importance
 —M .—Liberator.
Conxr Trapping*.—The uniform and
 ornaments of the celebrated Mexican (General
 Valencia, on whose bead the bUmn of the de
 feat at Contreras was heaped by Santa Anna,
 arc said to hare been worth 20,000 when
 he was in full feather. Hejtaeewwed a tangle
 jeweled sword which cost 10,000.
A writer in an Irish journal, in mentioning
 tbc}wreck of a vessel, rejoices that all lh&lt;-
 crew were saved, except fear hogsheads of
 tobacco.
A fellow had to erase a river, and entered
 the bent on horseback being asked the cause
 He replied, I must rale becaoso I aio in a
 burry/*
ID* Those who wish to purchase Watches,
 Clocks, Jeweliy, Stc will do well to cal! at
 the store af John Kedzie it Co., N. I| t Sut*
 street. See tdvctiiusg columns.
I State Liberty C*areattoa of Imm*
 The Liberty Sute Conrcation met m the
 MHodeou, Boston, on Wednesday the Olh
 lost. Mr. Smith announced from the Com*
 1 mjttee a set of Resolutions which were read

 by Joshua lieatitt, as follows
 Whereas, at the Free Soil Contention held
 at Buffalo on the 9th of August, of llie
 friends of freedom of all political parties, a
 1 oordial union was effected, embracing a plat
 form of the liberty patty, and candidates for
 the offices of President and Vice-President,
 were nominated to represent that platform—
 Resol red, That we cordially adopt the plat
 form of principles of said Convention, and are
 Geparcd t« give our moat zealous support to
 artin Tan Duren and Charles r rancis
 Adams.
 Resolved, That at 12 o’ckx* today, this
 Convention will proceed to the Treroont
 Temple, and there merge and mingle our
 selves with the State Convention of the free
 democracy, in forming a Stale organisation,
 and recommending candidates for Slate officers
 to support the Buffalo platform.
 Resolved, That John P. Hale had onr
 hearty confidence, when he was nominatod
 for the Presidency he won our admiration
 by his course in' the Senate, and he has
 secured the first place in our heart of hearts,
 by his magnanimous course in reference to 1
 the late Buffido Convention.
 Resolved, That the members of our State
 Central Committee be requested to act here
 after as a Provisional Anti-Slavery Com
 mittee, to take such measures as they may
 think proper to promote the anti-slavery
 cause, especially in its moral aud general
 aspects.
Hoy. Char Lies Francis Adams has writ
 ten a letter to the editor of the Boston Repub
 lican, explanatory of certain charges which
 he made against Martin Van Buren, in a
 pamphlet, the object of which was to rouse
 the sluggish feelings of the people of the
 free States against the slaveholding plot of
 the annexation of Texassome passages
 from which had been quoted by Mr. Ashman,
 of Mass., with the view of damaging the Free
 Soil movement. After referring to Mr. Van
 Buren’s letter to Mr. Hammett of Miss., on
 the annexation of Texas, which, he says,
 cost Mr. Van Buren the nomination,” Mr.
 Adams proceeds: m
 u I need not say that my opinion of Mr.
 Van Buren was changed from that day, and
 throughout the canvass of 1814, as well as
 since, wherever I addressed my fellow citi
 zens, I took occasion to enlarge upon this
 fact to the honor of that gentleman. For
 much as 1 still disapproved of many of his
 former acts, 1 became convinced that there
 was a point beyond which he would not go,
 and that point had been reached in the case of
 Texas. Since that time I have watched his
 course w ith anziety and not without appre
 hension and occasional fluctuations of opinion
 until the Buffalo Convention. And the result
 of all my observation is, that he seems to me
 to have done more to concentrate and rally
 the friends of Liberty of all parties in the
 Free States, than all the leading members
 put together of the lata Whig party, who
 now, by way of proving their zeal against
 the extension of slavery, advocate the claims
 to the Presidency of the only slaveholder in
 the field.
A Free Soil Mass Meeting was held
 in Fancuil Hall, Boston, on Wednesday,
 Sept. 6th, when John Van Buren delivered
 an address, in which he replied to Daniel
 Webster’s Marshfield oration. An immense
 crowd of enthusiastic Free Soil men were
 present.
Free Soil in Westminster. At a meet
 ing held in W'jstmins ar, Mass., the follow
 ing, among other resolutions, was adopted
 Resolved, That slavery being the sum of
 all villanies,” should lie made disreputable
 That to dignify slaveholders, we dignify the
 accursed institution, and thereby prolong its
 existence. Consequently, from this time
 henceforth, we will regard all slaveholders
 and all slavery extensionists as morally ineli
 gible for any office within the gift of the
 American people.
Ex-Governor Thomas of Maryland, has
 written a letter, in which he goes for Free
 Soil and the Free Soil candidates, Van Buren
 and Adams.
It is said lhat Major Ileiss, one of ihc Edi
 tors of the Washington Union, is in favor of
 Free Soil.
 ICpTlic Cincinnati Ifei'ald says that ten of
 the members elect to the Indiana legislature,
 1 six of them democrats, are pledged not to vote
 fur any man for U. S. Senator, who is not op
 j posed to both Taylor and Cass.
 ir~pThc Ballston Democrat, published in
 Saratoga County, has struck the name of
 Cass and Butler from the head of the sheet
 and put up Van iluren and Adams.
 Tite Fulton I’atriot, the only Hunker paper
 iu Oswego county, lias hauled down the Cass
 flag, and will hereafter suppoit Van Buien
 and Adams.
 The Wisconsin Rock County Democrat”
 strikes the Cass flag and runs up Van Buren.
 The New York Express is defending Fill
 more against the charges of Southerners,
 that he is an Abolitionist."
 The Government has given orders to offi
 cers and other authorities on the frontier of
 Mexico, to oppoae the Sierra Madre expedi
 tion or Buffalo Hunt," by prompt andeflbe- i
 tual means.
 The seamstresses of New York, are about j
 holding a public meeting for the purpose of
 taking into consideration the low state of wa
 ge*.
 Ihe Cincinnati Riot has f&gt;een quelled.
 The outrage charged against lift soldiers lias
 been found to he false. The physician who
 lesiified to terrible injuries inflicted upon a
 girl of eight years of age, has been arrested
 on a etiarge of perjury. Some dozen (arsons
 were wounded in the affray, by shots fired
 from the jail. Three or four have since died.
 Lite in Texah.—A difficulty lately oc
 curred ui lie Wlit county, Texas, between
 Messrs. Poinsett and BriaseU, partners ui
 trade. Putruwu shot Bhsaett in the lliigh
 with a revolving pistol, and the hater seized
 a gun and A** Poinsett through tl»e head,
 kilting him instantly.
 lEJ’ land Ashburton so well known in the
 negiHiation of the North-eastern Bouudry
 Ueaty, died near Bath, England, May 14,
 aged 75.
 An Ocean Steamcn. —The New York
 Journal of (bommeree notices the launching
 at that city, on Saturday, of a largo steamer
 called tl»e Oregon- of 1300 ton* burthen, be*
 tng third and last vessel of Messrs Howland
 and AspuiwalPs Pacific lane, (or the West
 ern const of South America, as contracted for
 by the Government The pioneer of the
 Ime, the Cakfer nta, leaves Pn the Pacific oa
 the first of October next, and the Panama
 will follow la December or thereabout
Gei. Taylor a MavehuMer.
 The friends of Gen. Taylor would like to
 hare it believed that he owns no slaves; bat
 that they are all the property of bis wife.—
 The following disgraceful dtfCUftlCTft, hr which
 men and women are coolly disponed of by
 name on payment of a certain amount of the
 dollars of this subbine candidate for the Pre
 sidency of this free Republic, makes this
 matter plain. It unfurnished by s Southern
 correspondent of the Ohio Standard. Will
 our unblushing Whig cotemporaries still per
 sist in holding up t this corrupt soldier and
 slaveholder before |he people, as second
 Washington Such an uuolt to the memory
 of Washingtoo, imperfect as even he was in
 some respects, is enough to make his bones
 start from the grave with indignation.
 New Oitum, Aug. 4, 1848.
 Dcxa S is I herewith transmit to yon a
 copy of the Deed of sale from John Hagard,
 senior, to General Taylor of a plantation,
 horses, and slaves, Ac. jj incw
 General Taylor's return from Mexico he has
 also purchased slaves. In May last, he pur
 chased in the name of his son, Richard Tay
 lor, four slaves of W. M. Williams. On the
 6th of June last he purchased of B. M.Camp
 bell two slaves for the sum of $1500,00. He
 inspected the negroes, and examined them to
 see if they were sound. Gave his draft on
 the Canal Bank of this city.
 DEED OF SALE.
 John Hazard. Sr.
 to Deed
 Zachary Taylor. lBlh eb 1843
 This Indenture, made this 21st day ef
 Apnl, 1842, between John Hagard, Sr. of
 of the city of New Orleans, State of Louisi
 ana, of one part, and Zachary Taylor, of the
 other part, VI ttness, that the said Johu Hag
 an!, Sr, fur and in consideration of the sum of
 ninety-five thousand dollar* to him in And,
 paid and secured to be paid, as herein stated
 by the said Zachary Taylor, at and before the
 sealing and delivering of these presents, has
 this day bargained, sold, delivered, conveyed,
 and confirmed, and by these presents does
 bargain, sell, deliver and confirm unto the said
 Zachary Taylor, his heirs and assigns, for
 ever, all that plantation and tract of land:

 ALSO, tho folhnring slaves
 Nelsgn, Milley, Peggy, Pelden, Mason, Wil
 lis, Rachael, Caroline, Lucinda, Randall,
 v\jrma, Carson, Little Ann, Winna, Jane,
 Tom, Sally, Gracia, Big Jane, I«nm, Maria,
 Charles, Barnard, Mira, Sail/, Carson, Paul,
 Sansford, Mansfield, Harry (Men, Harry Hur
 ley, Carter, Henrietta, Ben, Charlotte, I)iek f
 Henrietta, Clarissa, Ben, Anthony, Jacob,
 Hamby, Jim, Gabriel, Kmehne, Arniistead,
 George, Wilson, Chorry, Peggy, Wallace,
 Bartlett, Manila, Ijetitta, Barbara, Matilda,
 Lucy, John, Sarah, Big Ann, Allen, Tom
 George, John, Dick, bidding, Nelson or
 Isom,Winna, Shellod, Lidney, Little Cherry,
 Sam, Hannah or Anna, Mary, Ellen, Henri
 etta, and two small children Also, all tho
 Horses, Mules, Cattle, Hogs, Farming Uten
 sils now on said plantation—together with all
 and singular, the hereditaments, appurtenan
 ces, privileges, and advantages unto the said
 lands and slaves belonging or appertaining.
 To have and to hold the said plantation and
 tract of land and slaves, and other pro|&gt;erty
 above described, unto the said Zachary Tay
 lor, his heirs and assigns, forever, and to his
 and their only proper use, benefits and be
 hoofs, forever. And the said John Hagard,
 senior, for himself, heiis, executors, ami ad
 ministrators, docs covenant, promise and
 agree to and with the said Zachary Taylor,
 his heirs and assigns, that the aforesaid,
 plantation and tract of land, and slaves, ami
 other property, with the appurtenances, unto
 the said Zachary Taylor, his heirs and as
 signs, against the claim or claims of all per
 sons whomsoever claiming or to claim tho
 same, or any part or parcel thereof, shall and
 will warrant, and by these presents forever
 defend. And the said John Hagard, sr.,
 hereby observes a special lien and mortgage of
 all the before described lands, tenements, he
 reditaments, slaves and other property, to se
 cure the full and punctual payments of the
 following promisory notes, to wit: Six protn
 isory notes made by said Zachary Taylor, in
 favor of and endoised by Maunsel White
 Co., all dated at New Orleans, the 31st day
 of December, 1841. Four of them for the
 sum of four thousand six hundred and three
 dollars, with ten per cent interest from date.
 Two payable twelve months after dare. Two
 other notes for eight thousand, two hundred
 and ninety-four dollars, w ith ten per cent in
 terest from date, one payable twelve months
 afterdate, the other payable two years after
 date. Now, if the said Zachary Taylor, hia
 heirs, executors, or assigns, shall well and
 truly pay said several sums of money in said
 promissory notes specified, with all interest
 which may be due thereon, to tho holder or
 holders of said notes, then this lien or mort
 gage is to cease and determine, and the estate
 of the said Taylor in the said Land, planta
 tion, Slaves and other property, shall become
 absolute and unconditional.
 In testimony whereof, the said John Hag
 ard, Sr., has hereunto set his hand and seal,
 ihe day aud year first above written.
 State of Mississippi,
 Jefferson County, ss. I, Edwin MeKey r
 Clerk of the Probate Court in and for. said
 County, do hereby certify that the within and
 foregoing instrument of w riting is a true and
 perfect copy taken from the Records, as Re
 corded in my office in Book E. of Deeds, &amp;c.
 pages 220, 221, 222.
 SK U J Given under my hand and Seal
 {of office, this 24ui day of July*
 A. I). 1848.
 (Signed,) EDWIN McKEY, Clerk.
 By A. W. Ford, 1). C.
 Taxable property of Zachariah Taylor for
 ihc year 1848, being in Jefferson county, Mis
 sissippi, as estimated by the Tax Assessor of
 said county.
 Number of Slaves 114 Tax $lOO 41
 acres of taxable land 2100 Tax 84 80
 I Certify the foregoing estimate of the
 Slate, County and School Tax on the above
 mentioned property m Jefferson County, State
 of Mississippi, for the year 1848, to be true
 and correct.
 (Signed.) O. S. MILES,
 Tax Assessor, Jefferson Co.
 ITT The name of the Boston Whig—the
 paper established by Chaa. F. Adams—has
 been changed to that of Boston Republican.
 The editor in announcing this says, the
 word Whig is quite as good as ever, but
 i rh/U U Standi for is not so good as it ooro
 was. There was a ttme when it stood for
 opposition to war, opposition to slavery eiUii
 won, opposition to Executive usurpations of
 all kinds now it stands for Zachary Taylor
 for No-Party ism; for slavery extension; for
 military glory, and for humbug generally.
 W e have bad serious thoughts of bringing an
 aruon against the Philadelphia Convention,
 for the pecuniary lona to us, consequent upon
 the disgrace brought upon the name Whig, by
 that body. But finally concluded tbit
 we had better make the beat of and a*
 •oon as possible, leave the name and wke
 a better one.'*
 Stkamhoat Bsaaeov— The steamer White
 Ro*c. of Ctneianati, was totally destroyed
 by fire at Catro, on the 25th ull. She had
 tons of freight, nearly all of which
 destroyed.
 Til pod Mormon Temple Nauroo*
 bat been purchased by Isaac Prower for a
 Protestant college.
TO CORRESPOMDENTS.
 8 8., Basrsii.—WiM~h»*iiwdsd
 Q. W. 0., riul.—ffereivad.
 W. F. t\, (lavao —VH fspsr
 asm -w
"
