"wrong ef vfflany uf
 viHante* that m&lt;«t atrocious of all Atroeiuea*
 oa and on Gods nghteoos judgment sweeps
 to avenge that fearful wrkndiwn. The
 chat* of the negro will, ere long, nolens there
 he a quick and effectual repentance, be felt
 tightening tightening around the neck of
 the oppreaaor' This ia the history of the
 past. How will the future read the bisto
 rt of the present Signs aeotn to indicate
 that there is Truth enough in this age to be
 gin to do justly and lore mercy.—j. o.
 Free Soil, w Louisiana. —A meeting of
 those favorable to Free Soil principles, was
 recently held at Lafayette, La., when a Van
 Huron Club was formed with the following as
 the basis of their Constitution
 We whose names are hereunto subscrib
 ed, do hereby form ourselves into a chib, j
 under the name of the Van Buren Club, lor
 the purpose of opposing the extension ol sla-|
 very over that territory of the 1 States
 not recognised as sovereign States that the
 same may become the refuge and home of the
 free whits laborer, wliosc only capital that he
 has in agriculture is the labor of hi* hands.
 We also advocate the gift ol said public do
 main to actual settlers free of costi and that
 we may not bring odium on this club,
 hereby pledge ourselves to each other, that
 we will not, by word oi act, sanction any pro- j
 position of change in the relation that now i
 exists in the State between the colored and
 our own race.”
 Pretty well for Louisiana, when we consi
 der that thia resolution was passed almost
 st the door of the would-be-President
 slaveholder. Bnt why not go a little further!
 when the truth was within reach, why not
 grasp it! A truth in the territories is a truth
 everywhere—a truth in Louisiana. Freedom
 ia as valuable in one place as it is in another..
 If the present system is wrong, what more
 proper than to “sanction a change”—nay, j
 even to labor that a change may he effected
 —J. D.
 The Chronicle, of Pittsburg, has come
 out as a Free Soil paper, and supports an
 Buren and Adams.
 Free Soil in Missouri. —The Wochtn
 bktit, a German democratic paper, published
 in Hermann, has come out for the Free Soil
 nominations, and abandoned Cass.
 Virginia. —Free Soil in Shenandoah. —The
 Free Soil Convention, which met at Wood
 stock on the 20th of August, have adopted
 Martin Van Buren as their candidate, and ap
 pointed a committee to address the people of
 Virginia.
 The Norulyset (Northern Light) the
 Norwegian paper published in Racine county,
 Wis., has come out for Free Soil.
 Free Soil in Wisconsin. A Mass
 Meeting of the citizens of Fond-au-lac, Win
 nebago, and Marquette counties, was held at
 Ceresoo, Aug. 26, at which resolutions wer
 passed in favor of the Buffalo platform and
 the Free Soil candidates.
 A F-mcfc Soil County Convention was held
 at Pontiac*, Aug. 26, at which it was unani
 mously
 Resolved, By the Free Soil Citizens of
 Oakland County, that we regard the exten
 sion of negro slavery over the free territories
 of the United States, as contrary to the de
 sign of the Fathers of the Republic, as an
 outrage upon humanity, and in direct viola
 tion of every principle of justice. In our de
 termined opposition to this scheme, we can
 submit to no compromise ol‘conscience.
 Resolved, That in our opinion, the ques
 tion of free soil and free labor in the terri
 tories, as against the extension of slavery in
 these territories, vastly outweighs in import
 ance all other issues involved in the present
 •campaign.
 Other resolutions were passed, denouncing
 Taylor and Cass, and approving of the Buf
 falo nominees.
 Two Free Soil Meetings have been held at
 Washington, D. C., and a constitution for the
 Free Soil Democratic Association” adopt- 1
 Vote taken on the cars going from Nia
 garatio Buffalo, Wednesday Sept 6
 Taylor 65
 Van Buren 161
 Cass 42
 Rorh. Repuh.
 ICT* At a Whig meeting held iu Spring
 field, Mass., Mr. Ashmun declared that no
 earthly consideration would induce him to
 vote for (Jen. Taylor, if he thought he would
 veto the Wilmot proviso.
 Slavery in California.—The people of
 California have declared against the introduc
 tion of slavery into their territory they will
 not permit slavery there, and it is said that
 every slave taken there will be liberated as
 promptly as he would be in Canada or New
 England. The California Stai says, that
 neither the soil, the climate, nor the produc
 tions of California, are suited to date labor,
 and that Congicss has no right to bequeath
 such a calamity to the country, contrary to
 the wishes of the people.
 The Kentucky Slave Cask.—The Mays
 ville Eagle has the following notice of the
 slave trial progressing in Bracken county,
 Kentucky:
 The grand jury found a true hill against
 seven of the slaves in Bracken county, foi
 the late outrage committed there. One bill
 for conspiiacy, insurrection and rebellion, and
 one for shooting with intent to kill. Upon
 the first, a jury was obtained on Tuesday,
 and the trial is now progressing. Two ne
 grw-s occupied nearly five hours in testifying
 since which, half a dozen white men have
 testified in relation to the resistance and firing
 by the company of negroes, upon the whites
 who attempted to take them up as runaway
 •uvea.
 Earthquake. —A shock of an earthquake
 was very sensibly foil i„ New York on Fri
 &lt;Uy evening between ten and eleven o’clock.
 A communication m the Journal of Commerce
 says there were two shocks on Brooklyn
 Height* at 45 minutes past ten o’clock.
 B 7 A negro was lately condemned to be
 hung for burglary, m Alexandria, Va It is
 Mid there are not less than reren/y „ff„ nceB
 which irgisu law punishes with death if
 contained by a slave.
 Ta« Statistics of the Southern Metho
 dist Episcopal Church, just published, give
 white members, 334,640, colored do. 127 £4O.
 Mileage. —By the bill establishing a terri
 torial government for Oregon, the mileage of
 the delegate to the House of Representatives
 is not to exceed $2,500 for going sod re
 turning.
 Metaphysics. No man can do anything
 agaiest his will,” Mid a metaphysician.
 Faith,” said Pst, I bad s brother who
 wgHt to Botany Bay against bis will—faith
Letter Urea Howry Clwy,
 The New York Espeam paHiahea the fol
 io wing;
 When Wc first heard of the intended so
 called Clay movement ia thie &lt;Hty, we ad
 dressed a private fetter to Henry Clay,* not
 expecting tn return any answer which we
 could print; but we hare received an answer
 in which wc are authomed to any as follows:
 James Bsooes, Kan.—l have given, and
 shall give, no countenance or encouragement
 to snv movement to bring my name as a can-
 didate for that office, (the Presidency) before
 the public.
 Oo one point I desire no secrecy, and that
 m, that I am utteily opposed to the use of my
 name aa a candidate for the Presidency.
 Mr warm regard* tn your brother.
 1 am truly yonr friend
 Awl obedient Servant,
 H. CLAY.”
 Gen. Taylor for Slavery.
 The following letter by an_ Alabama corre
 spondent of a Boston paper, shows what are
 supposed in that region, to be the views of'
 Gen. Taylor on the subject of slavery.
 Eutaw, Ala., Aug. 8, 1848.
 The fact that some of the Whig papers in
 Massachusetts, and in other State* of New
 England, are insisting that Gen. Taylor is
 op(MMsd to the extension of slavery in the
 newly acquired territory, ia looked upon here
 in the South as the lest joke that has occurred
 since the presidential canvass opened.
 There is no more doubt entertained here in
 relation to the views and opinions of Gen.
 Taylor on this subject, and wbat would be
 hia course of action in relation thereto, than
 there is that the Mississippi river empties
 itself into the Gulf of Mexico.
 If any persons in New England or else
 where, are weak enough to be induced lo
 suppose that General Taylor would desert his
 .Southern friends and his own interest, in his
 action on this subject, they may undeceive
 themselves at once. We all know him to be
 to the heart and soul with us on that all
 important matter.
 Very truly vours, &amp;c.
 ALBERT G. SAUNDERS.
 The Charleston (S. C.) Meicury says,
 there are men there who privately express
 their convictions against the extension of
 slavery, and that among these are even
 some strong-minded slaveholders and native
 Charlestonians.”
 Mr. Webster. —The Boston Chronotypc
 says that Mr. Webster is responsible for one
 of the tallest intellects of this age but a
 good sized moose would have resisted the en
 croachments of the slave power as much as
 he has done.”
Canandaigua, Sept. l‘Jth, 1848.
 Messrs, Douglass Delany Gener
 al Dix having been nominated for Governor
 of the State of New York, by the Free Soil
 party, a question of no small degree of inter
 est, is presented for the consideration of the
 colored voters of the State. Doubtless the
 most of them look with favor upon the free
 soil movement, and intend to aid its progress
 by voting for the nominees of the Buffalo
 Convention.
 However anxious they may feel to do this,
 I trust not one of them will vote for General
 Dix for Governor. For however plausible or
 conclusive their reasons may be for supporting
 Martin Van Buren for President of the United
 States, as the representative of the principles
 embodied in the National platform erected at
 Buffalo, they will not be held guiltless if they
 vote for Gen. Dix for Governor of the Slate
 of New York. Do you ask me why! 1 will
 endeavor in my feeble manner, to inform you.
 It is well known that Martin Van Buren, and
 nine-tenths of the prominent men among the
 Barnburners, voted against the extension of
 the right of suffrage, and in all human proba
 bility, would do so again. Indeed, not a few
 of them have already declared that their sen
 timents upon this subject are unchanged; and
 that if they were called upon to vote upon the
 same question to day, they would again vote
 to fasten the chains of political thraldom upon
 the limbs of our suffering countrymen. This
 being the case, it is a question of vital impor
 tance to colored men. Ist, whether they can
 consistently vote for a res a to fill any office,
 who, if he had it in hiv power, would deny
 them the right to vote. 1 coufess I have been
 much perplexed by this question, and am
 still in doubt, iu regard to it. The only
 ground upon which colored men can justify
 themselves for voting for such a man to fill
 any office, is, in regard the great national
 question, and that he is to fill an office in
 which he will not by virtue of such office,
 be called upon to act, in any way whatever,
 in regard to the extension of the right of suf
 frage and furthermore, concurring with
 them upon all the questions upon which be
 can be called upon to act, by virtue of his of
 fice, it is all that can be required of such s'
 candidate. It is upon this ground I propose
 to vote for Martin V.m Buren however pro
 slavery his former acts may have been, but
 few will deny that he now stands upon the
 Buffalo platform. The only reasonable ob
 jection, then, that can be urged against voting
 for him is, that enough is not included in that
 platform. Candor requites me to admit, that
 many are of this opinion. Some are dissatis
 fied because the Free Soil party did not de
 clare in favor of universal suffrage. With
 great dcfcienoe, I must differ from these gen
 tlemen. The Buffalo platform is of a national
 character—established as the basis of a great
 national party —the object of which is to act
 with reffercnce to gTcal national questions.—
 A national question is ooe (in the sense in
 which I make use of the term) upon which
 Congress or other officers of the national gov
 ernment may be called upon to act, by virtue
 of their office. The suffrage question is not
 one of this nature. No ooe holding office in
 the national government, can be called upon
 in consequence ol holding such office, to act
 in regard to the right of suffrage iu the States.
 The most superficial observer must see at
 once, that the suffrage question instead of be
 ing s national is only a local question, con
 fined to those States in which it may origi
 nate—and for the final settlement of which,
 each an devery State alooe must be held re
 sponsible, and not the nation at large. If thia
 mode of reasoning bs serreet, what right haa
 any one to complain because this question was
 not included in the nalasoal platform, erected
 at Buflhlo
 The body that established that platform, was
 of a national character—“assembled to consid
 er upon national quasboM. The suffrage
 question not being one of this nature, could
 not be unladed to the platform erected by
 that Convention. Having spoken w regard
42
 [RorJi. Rejmh.
Communications.
to the Wiiffch fltofato. tofieavoml to
 point out the relation w utiin to it, I mot
 propose to confine my ittemko to Geo. Dix.
 Whatever difference of epufeia may not
 among the eobtred voters of the State of Hew
 York, in regard to voting for Mania Van Ba
 ted for President of these United Stolen, I mm
 satisfied that, after a thorough investigation
 of the whole h«t one opioioo annex
 jst among them in regard to voting for Gen.
 Dix, for Governor of the Stain of New York.
 The only dark spot that now stains the oth
 erwise prood escutcheon of the empire State,
 is the invidious distinction made by its cooeti
 totion, in regard to the exerc.aa of the elec
 tive franchise. Ft* several year* we have
 been laboring to have this foul blot removed
 from the character of this great State. The
 anti-republican character and the withering
 effects of this proscriptive policy, have been
 time and time again, presented to the people
 of this State, hut all tg no purpooe. Actuated
 by a spirit as mean as it is unjust, they have
 recently re-adopted this odious policy.
 How Gun. Dix voted upon this questioa,
 we can better determine when we examine
 his great speech, on tlie bill to establish terri
 torial government for Oregon,delivered in the
 United States Senate, no the 26th day of last
 Jane, in which be embraced the opportunity
 to express his hatred and contempt of colored
 men, by making a mean nod unmanly attack
 upon our. unfortunate race. So gTeat was his
 anxiety to heap reproach open ns, that he
 even descended to the ineffable meanness of
 making statements that were palpably false,
 and which he mast have known to be such
 at the time. If he did not know- anything
 about the subject, then be ought not to have
 said anything about it. The General wel
 comes to our shores the swarming millions of
 the old world, (among whom are many pau
 pers and felons,) and regards them as an ele
 ment of strength to the body politic! And to
 use his own language, if shades of variety
 exist in their intellectual and physical charac
 ter,” he attributes it to the influences which
 diversities of soil, climate and government
 have exerted upon them.”
 Forgetting that similar causes produce simi
 lar effects, lie can find no such apology for
 us, but says, our race is an inferior caste at
 the north, and counts nothing in the estimate
 physical or intellectual, in the body politic.”
 After staling what will probably (as he thinks)
 be the result of the disabilities under which
 we labar, he makes the cold-blooded and
 heartless declaration, nor is it the work of
 inhumanity or wrong it is the slow but cer
 tain progress of nature, working out her ends
 by laws so steady and yet so silent, that their
 operations arc only seen in their results.”
 The feeling which Gen. Dix evinces towards
 us, proves that he has a heart as icy as the
 snow-clad mountains of Greenland. Such a
 sentiment is only worthy of the bloody demon
 of oppression. Again, after complaining that
 manumitted blacks come to our state, in spite
 of any discouragements it may oppose, he
 says, all such additions to our number are
 in the highest degree undesirable. They add
 nothing to our strength moral or physical.”
 He finally winds up by saying, if the
 50,000 free blacks were were removed from
 the State, its strength and prosperity would
 be proportionally .increased,” &amp;c. These ex
 tracts, taken from his speech, delivered on tire
 26th of June, prove what his sentiments were
 about two months since. There is no evi
 dence before us to show that his views upon
 this subject have undergone any change. The
 presumption is, they have not. Can colored
 men, then, assist in elevating him to the of
 fice of governor of the State of New York,
 in which office lie may be called upon to act
 on the suffrage question, and upon other laws
 that may affect us vitally! Every colored
 man must answer with an emphatic No.
 If it be the duty of colored men to with
 hold their votes from Gen. Dix, for reasons
 which I have assigned, is it not also the duty
 of their professed friends, who are desirous of
 improving their condition, morally, mentally,
 and politically, to do the same! Have col
 ored men, as members of the body politic,
 any duties to perform, which are not equally
 binding upon all other men! Certainly not.
 If, then, it be the duty of colored men to
 withhold their votes from Gen. Dix for Gov
 ernor of the State of New York, (and no one
 will deny that it is,) because he would not
 only not extend to them their political rights,
 but, by declaring that our presence in the
 State is in the highest degree undesirable,”
 and by intimating that it would be a blessing
 to the State, if the 50,000 free blacks were
 banished from it, shows, that if be had it in
 his power, he would deprive us those
 rights we already possess. If this be the
 case, I ask, Is it not the duty of Abolitionists
 (for I mean them,) our professed friends, to
 refuse to vote for him for the same reason!
 Let no man dare answer these questions in
 the negative. These propositions are self
 evident they need no arguments to sustain
 them.
 I call upon the editors of the North Star,
 as faithful watchmen upon the wall, to sound
 the tocsin of alarm, and thunder into the care
 of the colored voters of the State, what will be
 the fearful consequences of voting for Gen.
 Dix.
 Let Ward and Garnet, Smith and Cram
 tnell, and all others, speak out, and endeavor
 to save our countrymen from the everlasting
 infamy of having voted for Gen. Dix, or any
 other mao, tinder similar circumstances, for
 governor of the State. Our friends may tell
 asit was necessary for them to do so, for the
 purpose of securing the triumph of the free
 soil party but let us prove to them, and the
 world if it can only triumph at the nxpeaer
 of the degradation and crushed hopes of our
 deeply wronged and injured countrymen, we
 would rather see the Buffalo platform sink to
 rise no more, into the deep, dark sea, where
 toe waves of oklivioa can roll ever it forever.
 In behalf of Freedom,
 I remain y«wa,
 H. W. JOHNSON.
 Politics sad AWHti— to Okie.
 The people of Ohio, partieulaxly the aorth
 era part of it, mem to be gmag for Free Soil
 with a perfect mall. During toe peat week,
 1 we have seen hundreds of travellers from that
 I state, and fully two-thuds of the* are for Van
 Boren aad Adams.’'
 The above exneet is tokee frees the “Pitto
 borg Satorday Tisifor;” aad as psobahiy s
 i current representation ef the state of political
 fee hue w toe Weetere Reeerve. Aad if a
 similar state of feeling existed ia toe South
 ern portion ef toe state—end one ef toe warn
mm why it Am sot, ia probably hetaos» it»
 *at m thoroughly ■fcntiriaawnl, ||g. Vn
 Bmm aught fed poifctoly u&gt; esse to regard
 t» has pcsaprtt la the W»f* state. TVir
 an» mm* Taylor and Casa mm atrereg us. j
 jaat eucregb to make a variety, ami to keep
 op a healthr agitauon ia the political atmos
 phere. In the present campaign. there is to
 fiule of the toicnse. feverish excitement
 which characterised the campaigns of ’4O,
 and ’44 but there m a portentous move
 ment among the mamea, the result of patient
 and mature deliberation, which m gradually
 developing a Mate of political feeling, moat ar
 dently to he desired. The people are think
 ing for themselves; and consequently, politi
 cal teachers have to he somewhat careful as
 to the matorer in which they go in and come
 out before them. They now speak by per
 mission, instead of authority. The times
 seem to be favorable for tb% development of.
 liberal views; but 1 rejoins with fear and:
 trembling, lest a transient and partial bright- 1
 cuing of the political heavens, should piovc
 to be the precursor qf an approaching season'
 of moral gloom, deeper and blacker than that
 which has rested upon us heretofore. Alas,
 for the slave, if political usurps the place of
 moral action Northers politicians, with a
 few noble exceptions, are not yet sufficiently
 disentangled from Southern influences to have
 the principles of abolition committed an reser
 vedly to their keeping.- Nevtordid the friends
 of the slave need more wind obi and firmness
 than at the present time and does it not be
 come them to look well to Iheif ways, lest
 they are caught in the meshes of crafty politi
 cians, who would gladfy persuade them that
 light is darkness, and darkness light f It can
 not be disguised that there are many Disun.
 ionists who long to be rid of the responsibili
 ties involved in moral action, and to return to
 the beggarly elements of political strife—even
 as the Israelites longed for the flesh pots of
 Egypt. The Buffalo Convention has opened
 a way for them to approach the ballot box—
 seemingly divested of some of the impedi
 ments which surrounded it before. Some of
 them will walk boldly forward, apparently un
 conscious of there being any guilt involved in
 the act; while others will hesitate and trem
 ble as they draw near, not feeling persuaded
 that it is lawful to do evil that good may come.
 Let them go. They were probably never
 half converted and can neither understand
 nor appreciate the spirit of genuine abolition
 ism. HARRIET N. TOUREY.
 Parkman, 0., Sept. 12, ’4B.
Another Riot on the Cheshire Rail
 road. —On Tuesday a second outbreak took
 place on the Cheshire Railroad, five miles
 from Keene, on the summit, between two
 hundred Coikouians and Fardowners, who
 were all armed with muskets. One man was
 shot dead and several others were wounded.
 A deadly hostility exists between these two
 factions, and they are bound to fight whenever
 they meet. One party endeavored to drive
 the other from a section of the work, which
 led to the fight. So desperate had the parties
 become that the Keene stages did not pass
 over their regular route for two days. The
 Keene Light Infantry and the Westmoreland
 Light Infantry wers eJled out, who took 53
 of the rioners prisoners on Tuesday, and
 lodged them in jail at Keene. On Wednes
 day several others were arrested by the
 sheriff, and committed to jail.— Transcript.
A llobte Youth.
 A lad of Boston, the son of a widow, and
 but sixteen years of age, recently left this city
 for the Island of Cuba, to engage as clerk in
 an extensive wholesale commercial establish
 ment. Tl is establishment was represented
 by gentlemen of this city, who professed to
 be connected with it, as a large, respectable
 and honorable concern. The boy was to have,
 only one hundred dollars for the first year, the j
 knowledge of the business, and the chance of
 being connected with such a concern, being a'
 sutheient recompense and inducement. The
 second year he was to have a liberal salary.
 The prospect was sufficient for the most
 ample anticipations of the mother and son.
 Hence the boy was taken from a flour store
 in this city, where he served in the capacity
 of clerk, and on the representations of the
 gentlemen concerned, and the advice of friends,
 he embarked for St. Jago de Cuba. His pas
 sage out was paid by the gentlemen who held
 out the inducement. When he arrived there,
 what was his surprise to find, instead of a
 large commercial establishment, the merest
 grnggery. Not a commercial establishment
 of any kind, hut simply a bar—a retail rum,
 brandy, and gin establishment.
 This is not what I came for,’ said the
 boy. He refused to mix the first drop of
 liquor. He immediately secreted himself
 from the establishment, sought out the first
 opportunity to make his way home, and
 actually worked his (iassage before the mast
 on board a vessel bound to Boston, where he
 arrived not many days since. Ought not such
 a boy to be encouraged Who wants one of
 the sort in his employment Temp. Jour.
Commercial.
Roc h estes, Sept-21, 1848.
 Last week »c noticed in important rise in dm
 Wheat and Flour market. Thi« week we taw to
 chronicle a decline. The news of fine weather and
 good proape els for seenring dm crepe ia England,
 brought by the Europe, ha# ia a nmaw counterac
 ted the uifavoruble advices of the ta» prueecdiug
 Steamers.
 GoodWtatt in the street »®-day brings from
 «1 124 to «1 IT.
 Floor ranges from 95 25 to £6 fk l 37| was
 offered and refused for a carjo.
 Coro sells readily at 50 cU. OaUbr m S 2scu.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Carre at.
 FLOUR no MEAL—Duty f
 Flour, r 1-bl »d»« 550
 PRW|*slon]£—Dalv; Beef,l\ich,Han»*,
 Butter and Lard, Slf c; Übe**e P e *d wl
 Pork, (mem) 2
 Do.iahog ;is
 Beef,ewt. *iSJ J
 Do. Ltd. (mass) 1 8 UJ
 Lard (tried) r Z“ a
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked) IZ* a
 Shoulders, do f
 Turkeys
 Potatoes, hash-
 GRAIN—Daty; »r*adval ft|
 Wheat, bash *2
 Cora •..m
 Urns m 2
 Burley _ w
 HlDEl£—Dmy; pc ad sal
 Hhaghmr 3
 Calf 2
 aw, pdu
 BEEDsL-Di*y; Urnmd Bf«i MaaardJlp
 r ml nl
 Clover k
 Timothy iß
 Flu 7
 ™£2RS'~*’-+:* r i r' Z
 Cdfifrcst 4
 SUNDRIES
 •SIIXL
 SSTvu.
 Hard wuod
 Soft Weed
JO« PIHTIIWJ.
 r T»UF. NORTH STAR OFFICE, is
 Jj)F» Ifc* rvolM *4 r*rtj
 tlrMxiptHM at Printing with acntas«■ and despatch
 aithrktrM |firriUi4il.,rii:
 Hand-bilk, Bknt.. Siffhrs.U.
 Hiyww, Cwrofere, IhtJs of Lading,
 Psrephlrts, UnK Lai el. .fee.
Narrative of the ufe of Freder
 ick OOWJMS«, written In him* to be
 hud at Ha* office, pr*oa 9$ mu,
Gpra to the Pmkhcjrom 9, A.Jt. to 8 P.Af.
 rIE ANTI-SLAVERY OFFICE READ
 ING ROOK, N». 25, Bwfcfo Street. The
 Rmb m ar JtW ftrnMrd, and thr riHrt Mint with
 mar of (to hes* Ant*-4*tuverv. T« inyaraarr, Reli
 gious, Poktical and Literary Papers.
Books, fee., For Salt at the A»Tt-tf lsvvut
 Orrict k Rr.aiuxe Room, No. 2i Ruffelo
 st., Second Story opposite the Arradr:
 Ksmtin of KmifriA Ika^M.
 Jonathan ft alkrr.
 P«*rtr»it
 Spooner &lt;-n tonality of Shivery.
 W. Phillip* reply to rlo.
 Legion of Ulietty.
 Slavery illustrated hy it* rfivt on Woman.
 Alan* a rich vnrietv of Fancy ami useful article*
 mule by the Ladies 1 Anti-Slavery Society.
New Watch aii Jewelry Mare.
 JOHN KEDZIE having change his partnership
 relations, has remove.) Ins Skip two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, whet* to is prepare.!
 sanvssfnHy to compete in the sale of aantiiv new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of GiitHn.l Silver
 English, A arbor, Norraanul wad JTertiral Wafrlws#
 Gold Guard apd Fob Chatas, GpliSeals ami Keys,
 Gobi and Silrer Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbk-s,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Pmeer-Ring*— ti
 good assortment, cheap; p variety of Ladies* and
 Gentlemen*# Breast-Pins, aww style; double and,
 Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 hrst quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fiae Cattery, Jtc. &amp;c.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are ode red on wore ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired tltat the goods should le examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 tliis market.
 We manufacture an keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accor.lcons and
 other Musical Instruments, which will he sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eight-day, 30 hour, an 1 alarum Clocks, as can
 be fonts! in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an exfierieneed workman.
 Farther iKirticukir* at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE k Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in particular we woukl
 give notice, tltat we have a variety of Barometers
 w hich will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to he aide to adopt his business to its
 variations. Please caH and examine them, as every
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15, 184$. 6m.
NOTICE.
 THE Copartnership heretofore existing between
 CLARK k DUNCOMBE, was mutually dis
 solved on the Ist of April, 1848.
 A. CLARK,
 C. H. DUNCOMBE.
 Rochester, June 2,1848.
 DR. CLARK, still continues at No. 99 Smith’s
 Arcatle, Bulliilo Street. Dr. Clark, would in
 form llk- citizens of Recln ster and surrounding conn
 try, that lie keeps a g-md assortment of Thomsonian
 and othcr.Botauic Medicines, neatly put up with di
 rections for family use also for sale Dr Thomson's
 New Materia Mediea. 'Phis valtiiible work should
 Ik&gt; owned by every pnetitioner and family in the
 laud.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, 1848. tf.
NEW PUMP FACTORY.
 THE subscrilicr takes this method to inform the
 citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that lie has
 just established a Pump Factory, at ntuulier 224,
 Main street, where lie will lie happy to wait ujkhi all
 witn may favor him widi tlieir patronage.
 Iftiving had cousi.leralJe cxjierience in his line of
 business, he pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as can 1* procured
 at any other simiLur establishment in Uiis city. His
 Pumps are furnished with eitlier wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also suspplies, pi order,
 every descrijition &lt;&gt;f A pie duct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The suliseriiier will tike pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the infer mat ion, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promjaly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 The above work will lie furnished at the
 lowest prices, fir cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call be Sire purchasing elsewhere.
 J. K. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 (Old Stand of Edward Dardwell.)
 JUST received, and will lie ke|* constantly on
 hand, an extensive and cotnpk-te as.-Hirttneut o
 Groceries and Provisions.
 A large kit of Groceries just received, bought in
 New York, at tlie lowest of the very low price* of
 the [ireseßl season.
 Sugars, from a good article at 5 ccut* per lb. to
 the best crushed and powdereil.
 Char, heavy Porto Rico, Constantin and New
 Orleans M..lasses, very’ low for 'be quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, Codfish, Rice, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spin**, Fruits, and all the articles, too
 numerous to Hieufein, which make a full variety to
 supply every want of lamilies or ik-alere.
 Choice fresh Green ai*l Black Teas.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffees.
 Cash paid for produce and pruvisioua.
 Tlie otteatioo of farmers, city famiJk-s and dealers
 is respectfully solicited. Those wlio have hmg fre
 qwnte.l this'well known stand are invited to con
 tinue tlieir patronage, ami all ia want of goods in
 my line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 prices.
 I sell for Cask oak, ami can therefore afford to
 sell low. A new lot 'of goods expected from New
 York ia a few days. 1 iateod to make arrange
 mentt soon to keep a supply of Free Lmkm (irvetrees.
 (’usSomers wIksYI he asoure.l of a e much reality a*
 p~” »i^ln S
 Rochestar, July, IS4B. 3m30
New and Secead-Uaad Clethiag,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would mo#l reapedfeily infant
 bis friends and the Puldie gt-mefally, that he hna
 const an thr on hand aw exreflrwt assottmeut of New
 and tfecxiud Hand Ctothtug, swefc as C.Wa.fmU
 k*HM, Vests, &lt;(C., with which ha will supply
 Customers at the n***t reoaomtldr Prices.
 L. tf. desires ak» to mferm the Public, that he
 attend* to repairing agd renovaliag, which he war
 rants to be done at the cfempest rate, ami hi the
 hest ami realist possible mauuer. His long expori
 yf. ia fee basMirs* warrants hint in assuring all
 who may patronize him, that his work shall he done
 to ihetr 'entire satisfaction.
 Rjchester, July 14, 1848.
TRIXkS! TRIXkSt
 r(E fnt qaalrtv of article te tohe had at LUXG
 BO \SUA'* w FataMkha—, Re. M,
 State Street, Kucheeter. Al*u a naenl nMt-
 MFMt of VJmw, B«i«, ir., which are
 oftnd at the very Inareet prw* H (.'uk.
 Catay Triaaii ae the letart *«&gt;V
 aaJ with iCqelrh, M. T. La tag, at hi* aid ataad
 ■a State Street, the Mtaiie H&lt;aa.
 J. T. L- her tag had nlnam nprriare In the
 Eaetrrw anrfceu, boym le give aatiifaetiiia t» a
 gearr.aa paid* »ho ah*li f*»ur haa wtfh their pe
 lt* aayr.
 Rurfaeater, My 14, ISA 9m
 SVBVMM Md KOCMITEK
 RAIL-ROAD
 OX aad after Friday, Jaw SMt. there «til he three
 f.. .eager Traiaa dark cadi way—
 Ltariag Rotheeter at 1.15 P. E, *7.U P. M- «ad
 Ulia.
 Laanag idan at IA. M-, IA M-, aad IJO
 Ml.
 Wk*twabb.—After this dale, the traee leariag
 AJbaay aad Tree aa iaahi wia«, ail rranie
 at Ardent fceae UftHaatky ee.aig|,
 hea h wi« gw reed at tha Ba*d liaiir ap
 poiaead for the eeeeiaf trala.
 EiirwrD—The aaaraiag traea ftata BtdUo,
 iMTiag Radhaater dark, at 14hU t ift aha. heiaai
 terfceaiit iafiaaadea Raadayea thd Read.
 WM. WILeT. idperiatradeat.
 Rr fheetrr. Taeadey. lid. Jdy, tit*.
 flair-Uitiaf u 4 I»r&lt;Mfta* *1
 "QALPH FRANflft i lataea, «adr&lt; dr irfe
 XV Hotel, F effete i&gt;m- jai 14 —he
 A
NEW FFRUCITIOm
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW IUfJ,
 Arrs*i,mA» bod skenhof
 m H Hfie, tf.xNmM n* r
 Atoo, Gaumkt’s A4Jr*m m (to SWw y #to frvV
 trd Statm, Tim *Mh-« referred by the Ni
 linaal Uwmm m Rwftafe m HU3. the edito n
 IS small, awl Ihow wto. d»rwv rvprrs wii do wdl t»
 K»&gt;l in their order. rafft.
 I il sr I'l t!l,Ml|i:i),,l„.*T nssw T».
 P**v tsuFftmsT ios **r rst Com*
 Et&gt; Ksrt.fty /fe-rv jr, t Al*mi HarOit.
 Pal dished at Troy. N. Y. OrJm uttmiled to,
 April 2S, !w.
ifßfral Oflce.
 EG. W. GOtNES having qicani n EaaUi'h
 atm at the Pun mmsu Inrin tr,
 loxiilnr'l Nrwt, ab .ve Seventh. 1* the porpo-w *4
 prncuriwg kant awl taithfid limomtin tor ttm-e
 who ton require them, ami dciiuinj pkr-r-i fa
 surh ie :inl in want tkt-ve.4, lirgs fe,*vr
 tm refer to Mar fottuwing we I snwfenw-n. who love
 kmJty permitted the use of their saiwrs as
 wrrr ursers:
 Andrew M’Mvkin FalHer *-f th*» Americitn C&lt;airier
 Kehert .Morris, Editor *4' the 1 vj-im-r
 Jasper Ibu-ding. PnMi-lier ,4 the Iwpiirer
 (lulls J. PeU-cstm. RJiliV id Neal's Gazette
 Tho«. H. Klorenre, E lit &gt;r .4‘ Tin**-, ami Krytoiu
 R.dirit llowell, tW, Cheseirt Street
 I Mb,on J. Mtilb-n, 278,1'alhuriue Street.
 Phiki klpliia. S pt. 1, IS|S. ly —36.
Hart's i fjtfUWe bitraft
 Is the only remedy that can le relied on fur the
 perwuneut owe of **pasm«idk- Contractions. Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nerrmts or Sick llewttocbe.
 NervoM Tccumus, Neuralgic Affectum*, Gemvttl.
 Debility, Deficiency «*f N'crvotis a®.! Plivshul Ener
 gy, SUM hH Nervous IMsortk r*, Jndhdiite the nuwt
 dri-titllnl of all diseases that alhwt Wr human rac&lt;
 Epilepsy* or Falling SuArt*s.-~ Hysterical Fit-.
 C'Onvulsions, Bposius, !ic It is well known, that
 frost time immemorial, INtysieiaiw have pmamjeed 1
 Epileptic Fits tncuruhle. It has UuU.-d aU l eir
 skill, ami tlie Uxisted power of all medicine, :unl I
 consetpiently thonsamts have suffereJ through a mis- j
 erable existence! and at last yieldetl up ds-ir lures on
 the Altar tf Insanity. —Tlie profuietor of the Veget
 alde Extract, luiwcver, feels no dehney iu raying
 that it can lie cured. He would, tlierrtore, n-sja-ct
 fully invite piiysirlnw, and all others who *n* inter
 ested, to examine tlie testimony w hich is hi re o'lered.
 If it is ileception, k-t i be exposed hut if it is i
 true, then in tlie toaine of Immaitity, no longer let it
 lie said that Epitojisv is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Eatratt.—Yor sixteen years,
 h;is la-eu tested by many |H'rsons who have sutl. irtl
 with this dreadful dissase, and in every case whoie
 it itas had a £iir trial, lias effected a permatunt
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, Now oi k, states that
 his daughter has I**oll afflicted with Fits for inon
 than nine years, ami lias lieen cured by the use ut
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Jirs. J. Brailey, 11S Orchard stiver, New York,
 states thafldie has lieen subject to Fits h»r many
 years, and has been rest&gt;»red to perfect health (alter
 every other means had failed) by the use ot tlie
 Vegetable Extract.
 l)r. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alab.una, wlio is one of the best Physicians iu the
 ■Slate, says tliat he has been much benctitteil by tlie
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he u.ilie*itat
 ingfy prescrilies it in every case of Epilepsy which
 eumies under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postinaster
 at Lime Mills, Orawtord Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa.,' states that for many past he
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, ami be is now
 happy to state that a jiciseveiiug use ot Dr. Unit’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to soiiud_ health,
 being entirely freed from tliat worst ot all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street,New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract sucecssfudy in
 his family, highly recouunen Is it to all |iersoiis who
 are afflicted w ith Fits.
 51. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Bougliton, a member of his family lurs
 been so severely afflieted with Epileptic k its tor
 many years, tliat he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) Ik* was soon restored to
 perfect health, ami left this city for tlie State of
 Ohio to resume hi* business.
 Rev. Air. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spotswnod, New Jersey, wlio lias been afflicte i
 w ith Epilejitic Fits for inor than forty years, states
 that lie furs used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, uih!
 his liealth lias becu so much improved tliat he lk&gt;pcs
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years And six
 inontlis, cured by the use of' this truly wiouderjui
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of the son ot
 Win. Secorc, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many amt France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, ami ex|iemling for medicine, medical
 treatment aud advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 bv using Hart’s Vegetable Fstrart. —1 have s|ieut
 over three tlnmsaiui ilollars for iiiediciue and uteuical
 aUemJauce. 1 was advised lo Like a tour to Eu
 rnpe with him which 1 did. I first visited Englaml,
 i consulted tlie most eminent physicians thr-re in
 respect to his case; they t xrunined Inin and prescri
 lied accordingly. I remained tlu-re three tuori irs
 without fK-rceiving any Grange tor the better, which
 cost me shoot two luiudrcii and fifty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and tire most that 1 received
 was tlu-ir opinion tliat my sou’s case was IropelesH,
 and POSITIVELY INUTRABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled througir ticotlaml, Germany
 and France, and returned borne in tire uioutli ot
 November last, with my son as tar frrnu being cured
 as when 1 left, I saw your advertisement to one ot
 tlie New Yoik p»|ieis, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Exit act, seeing your statements and
 certificates of" so many cares, some of twienty and
 thirty years standing, and 1 can assure you I am not
 sorry I did so, as by tin.* use of Hart s Vegetable
 Extract alone lie was restored to FE£»ECT
 HEALTH. His reason, which wasa* Lxr gone as to
 u.ifit him for fxistm-ss is entirely restored, with tlie
 pn*S|s*ct mm Iwtore him of life, beahh and useful
 ness. He is ixjw 28 years of* Age, and 27 yeais 6
 months of this time ho* bceu oillwied with this,
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good tieakii.
 Now, srr, iaitb without works I don’t believe
 in. To say 1 shall be ever grateful to you is one J
 thing, and as I lx-re encloee you one bumireddol ars,
 1 have no doulu but you will think this Another and
 quite a different thiag. Tiw d«U ot (rutitude 1 Miff
 owe you; I nit please accept litis amount us inter cal
 on the debt in advance.
 YotiA, very resnenfnilv,
 (signed) WILLIAM BECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost niirai-iksis efficacy of
 this truly womtoriul Otedieine, road tire follow iog
 letter from Dr. W. L. &gt;l .nro.:, of Gudtord, Ulik,
 one of the most emineat plwsiyiaas ia Ifta: place:
 Gwiffhr*!, Ohio, An.-tut, 17, 1846.
 Brock* lukrer ia die ease ot hn-uaoiiy—lkrr
 sir: It is with uo small degree of pleasure that I
 am euoMc&lt;i to aiotottoce to you the co mutely li iuitipb
 jof your isvshsMe ine&lt; Urine'in eases oTfefil p*jr. 1
 have press*abed it ia ha iustane** ia Am vieishy,
 aed.it has togldy spt ccsshd w idL Tiiroe *4
 the latfeitts, 1 trust, hare htn rwHrahy cutol.
 The fearth turn is rapidly n«q-rm ieg, ausl will, I
 I (htslt without dunbt re-cover. law aot ia the halnl
 of presrritMiig or potent BMXliciar*,
 iiot wh».-u i see an ortirL- whHi |*&lt;mm&lt;s* »m mu&gt;-h
 i (or the relief stHfermg hsnnanity, I feel my &lt;t*tty
 to reowMietsi it, and I have no hrsiuatm ie -ay
 ieg that as tour as Use Leaky ore felly im ■fuaiot'd
 with the real merit of jruur me ikinr, (ley wi|
 chase ihoftr eyes agalost pepftec and knd'you a
 hclpMsg haedl
 1 aJs-rito myself yours, tlnerreh,
 [S.g-serl] W. L MffNRfJE, M. D.
 T« Dr. tf. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME Itf NOT FAR DWTANT
 A' hen ttoMsaaads who are m*w tremhliug "n '«v
 the toad of this drratdfui disease, smd darnvg thd
 every attack saay prote tout, wall fel l peremaent
 relief asst he restored to K» Ufe, by m»t*sg this
 OVKR^IjNE’tHOURA ND fT.RTIFK'ATfjf
 Have ham received te tretaaoey ut the IVuehrud
 ressdl prodaced b) the me td Ur. Hart's VttoU*
 kh Extract.
 Prepared by HART, M. D., New York.
 Frsrw, «ae pweha-pt H N
 Do four parkagra JO
 Do eight pmrkoers 30 00
 •Tim castfedfe pecked ep ia U/tn fe bum
 aactatasM, aod scad As any part Ut tbs Lasted
 ft MI 1-8, m Maw siren, Cw*«
 tm tk United
 drewed P.»rt Paid.
 DlS 1- a«4 WiliamfH.
 New York.
 r il'm'! h r&lt;
 E. H*|sdfe, 217 Mate street Befato,
 MdSlltoe cSamfe^
 J. G k G. H lldl, Dt mmk* MafeWaa,
 Dtet. T. Mason, Miapskn.
 H. Bksckslry, aad Co., Ml. fecit Ms
 j And f Safe by mft .-jjtiMi priaritr* Dre»^-*‘**
 tkeylva Ae T. aned
 THG4MM ft MILLd 1» Maiw tWSet,
 Casern-*.. Onto
Importint to Fifwfr?.
 1 (&gt;l.l’at*.ut fthrrl Coftiutof &lt;xf Wire Gr»«*
 1 pfcew Tie* I'treisq I’ssMa: hn« fe infenr-l
 ihe* DfWN r»t« Hire fik«*o &lt;bt k fV
 cnibrr f&gt;r be* retvat rrext were”Vc»*raC« m (to* re**-
 ■tructsas -mi usmsdai ton «f I I Ul't LTi*‘ »v**ai;
 •o Mfc'i.wit srm( F» thmh rft «i**iii*-
 4*r fed,- rest m &gt;4 far*!- I**; U rr .k* .f»t da* c\|« *w
 no,Oshh ee mure-. Ihhrtrwv ife-v hove h**ra nttn*-
 ihsrref. l»«-y line ml ihc .fecvfef aiae-dw'*''’
 fir** i«. (fe (JU.w n&gt;&lt; (t tflh ale* from the i»«e!
 an 1 Grow Tf wfe*»e sosnses are
 jUo&gt;{m I. ttaavtonlH *b&lt;w
 CT.KTIFKUTKtf.
 Tk&lt;4 mnv ceretfr that re. the Sshdlh-r*. lure
 on J «*&lt;si iMe Pat.,* \Yiw-*l Vsihirjstoc.seieoteif
 *7 Nvthxx 111*, ,4‘ S(v»n, Oit&gt; in* Co.. New
 Aork, anf lelfevf it ti h-. m s rns
 rhitw*. mv .*f the grewt—a 1-iyf.rwrent. n# ufe age.
 By it. Lirwser can |ut m toae *rw a, xWu acre*
 «4 when in a \eir, with the uhv mwhsMtt of
 GUV, Irecxn aV.» sow it ns amrh IretteF «*drr.
 1W it ofe» t oaiarG thistk-s assi &lt;ohcr isoxawm wre-s|«
 tuny lx* rxiiquinl. tfwid nurhis- i« run
 smk-tf-if th.it it c.»n h regulated to any rfepth. by
 ne-niM &gt;4 screws on the upper pact of the iiKi. hinr
 and thus eitb-r plus tqi die tTmnd thmisgtiir
 •rely j'L-t tnii'h ilu? miil.hi'. I mi the shut
 think it .feci kills lb* U’.l m.iciii&gt;x- cvi-r i-rri nt d k«r
 (iulv. rrri.ig tlse grotaxl ;iisl. list- tat.*
 thr I .inner, .ui.l a* such a f cheerfully (VCooiiix ikJ u
 to uur fa other fanner*.
 Jams** 11. Medley, Jnsnc« lie
 Emm Newitvia, Juhu *q,w,-e«.
 John ftlvvl'r, ILwtrs He»lk-v,
 Gardner P.«m. Jons-s I*. Amiusoa,
 SSrdhy, Ajiril 2N, I^|M.
 Wt*, tlm imfersignrel, purchased onr &lt;&gt;f N.ifltan
 He’* Patent (*uhiratms b-t FaP, and Rn«l ft
 ■inswrT tin- iwa-po*.- towt-11, that wehuve tin- Spring
 made puicbat- of another. We can with (hi* I'few
 prepare* with two horses, cisrla acre* of Uml j»-r day
 £*-wh:-Hl, and it is min li 10-tter done ih.ui by thu
 old plows; and the land prfmrrd by this Cultivator
 will yL-kl 5 hush, per acre mure.
 KI.I (THrttCH.
 Ri-p, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH,
 After tln-sc testimonials, tlie Subscriber deem* i(
 unmirserv h&gt; enter into a and ebbmr.ite d»-s
 -rn|ttiou of tls; in»t&gt;lcminit w rth its various in.xlcs of
 operate hi. T«i le folk, oj&gt;pre«'iat»id,- 4 mint be sen
 aisl tts-J. No fhrnii-r vciio fnHy un&gt;U rstsuid* his
 interna w ill lv without one, as it is au nivaki d. 1.-
 implement.
 .NA FIITN H&gt;E, Pateidet.
 Slh-Hw, (Vienna Co., N. Y., July IHlff.
 IDE’S Patent &lt;\litirator is nxioiifneturc.l by
 LEVI WEI.I gA, Huffalo Stre-ct, ivnr tlx* Bull's
 Head, Rochester, N. where fanners m* invite l
 to call and examine ftw tliem»«*lvr*.
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician an I Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lomburd Slai-r, nUive
 Seventh. 1 _,’l6
 lIO3IE FOR RE FORMERS.
 THK snhscrils-r has removed to that neat, conve-
 X nient, mid (i*ntr.il Imareling-binse, No. 24 (.’enlral
 ni t, \»lien? lx- w ill Is- most liappv to wefeouir soim*
 of the Fi lends of Reform, at re as.maltk- charges.—
 lie wishes his house to he tlie central plan* in B.m
 ton, where the friendsofTeni|&gt;erancr, re;u-e. Purity,
 Freedom, the Prisoner. Ate.,inuy nm-et together, and
 enjoy a comfortable and (juict home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR,
 Boston, Aug, 21, 1543.
 A* it- i n the Press,
 X TRIBITE FOR TilC \L(.RO,
 BKISr. A VIMMr ATIO.X OF THK MOB AT., IXTM.s
 LFCTITAI. ANU RCI.IGIOU9 CAFA RtI.ITIFS OF
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 IFi/A particular reference to the. African rare,
 Illustrated by numerous authentic facts, Biogrnpliica
 Sketches, Testimonies of Travellers, fee.
 The motives which have actuated the author ini
 preparing (lie nbove-uientioncd work, art' sok-lv rt
 desire to interest and enlighten tlie nithlitf mind, off
 a subject intimately nuincctcd w ith tm- of
 misery of a large portion of tlie human tiunilv; ami
 by a relation of farts and testimonies, which n&lt;»
 assertions can annul, to remove a deeply-rooted pre
 judice, existing iu Uie niiml* of many, reap* cling ilws
 African race.
 It is an important qncstion whether the Negro ia
 constitntioiiidly, and therefore irremediably inferior
 to tlw white iir.in, ia the powers of tlie mind. .Much
 of tlie future welfare of tlie human race ilrftrnds oit
 tlw* answer which experience aud fcicts will furnish
 to.this question; for it concerns not only Ok* vast
 imputation of Africa, but many millions of the Negrt*
 nice, who are located elscvrliere, and the whites wins
 are liecoming tuixiil with the block roettotb (uiiuirN’S
 where Slavery exists, or where it has existed till
 within a recent period. Many persons have Ventur
 ed upon peremptory derisions on both sidt-it of thj
 u'H-stion; but the majority appear to Is-still imsiitis
 lied as to the real c.ipabifities of tlie Negro rare.—
 Phcir ptesent actual infecioiity in many respects,
 comparing them asawliok- with the lighter colour
 ed jsirtion &lt;&gt;f mankind, is too evident tola- disputed;
 Imt it must Ik- borne in mind that tliry are not in a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to hre drawn bc
 tweeu the two. Tlieir present ilegrtdt 6 state may
 lie easily accounted for by the ciicinnetancc* ainwbt
 which Negroes have lived, lieth iu their owucountry
 and abroad. Ifa single instance am Im ndilm e&lt;l of
 an individual of die African r;w-fc exhihitimg a gcni'i*
 which would lie considered eminent in civilised Earo
 |mmii society, we liave a proof thtit tliere is mi iiirnlii
 pntihility lietweeu Negro organixarion ami high in
 tellectual power. But it is not one atone, Imt many
 remarkable cases of this description that lira feonglit
 forward ill tlie present volume, which rnrlwUs up
 w trds nf 150 JJmaruphic'il sktU hes of Alnrans or ihttr
 descendants, bc-ide* Facta and Ancc.iotc*, TcsliiiMi
 nies of Travellers, Missionaries, the whole
 forming a ronipMe“Tnt bi;tk for THE Nfuro,”
 and exhibiting an itndoulitod frfutoiitM o&lt; litre no
 founded calumnies which have been hea|s-floa (Ik- un
 fortunate rare of Africa, proving them to Is- endowed
 w ith every chnrarferietie eonstirutiug th* ir identity
 with tin- .great family ol sU'n, and consequejitly, en
 tith-rl t'» certain inalicnidile riglile,” am. »ni o wlm li
 ore** life, liberty, and the pursuit of haf&gt;pine**,” any
 infring.-intmt on w lneli IS U iluouK ustNfmtH.M of lh«
 prerogative and autfeuilv of tlw Musi llttpi.
 'Hie work will t»e rendered additionally inisi esting
 by acpkopriatf. ixTßor»i;rroßv po».m,
 written |Mir|s*scly for die oeeasion, f»v lli.kmkii
 Bahton. It v» ill also Is; emichcd by the altlitfei
 of a lieantiful engraving, from a painting j.h m uted
 to the Dmdoft Missionary Society, representing lw«*
 Natives &lt;4 Smith Africa giving Evidenre is
 Sb'lecl otnmitlce of the House of C»unu&gt;&gt;iu&gt;. Tin?
 Africans are giving evidence, Dr. I’hillip is seated
 iu tlie foreground, and Jan*-* Read, sen. and jun..
 Missionaries bom Mouth Africa, are stamlieg, the
 latter acting as interpreter. Tin, vohuu* a ill also voiv
 tain portla rts of
 CixQU x, die Chief of AmtsfadCapfiverr.'*
 Jax T/ a T7.uk, Cbrisiiau Cluaf *4 Uto Aaiakomw
 'l"ril*-,B.Miih Ah u .i.
 J. \V. I’rAitcToit, a highly esteemed .Minister
 oftlm (hnipel, &gt;.f pore African extraction.
 Frkdf.kick duVbUrt,the tfetitire skive.
 Oi.miui Fqi.icao, or(iiiTtvti Vmr.
 Engrave*! oh steel by ffrsf-rate Artists. Afeoa rcto
 si mu.K of the wrttinn c 4 Tut vsaixt L’Ouvxn-
 Tt'KF, tin- Black Clue? of Haiti.
 Tlie work will liepriatnl in th»* best type, on fine
 pflper, awl »Muost ..f al-mt 5W Hvo., I- soul id
 ly Ishu*l ia efethf With an *ff»co|&gt;rrv*e iktirs, lunii
 ing an elegant volume tor liar &lt;teww ms-room I aide.
 All {srotMsarisiug from it* sik will l« tU vnlxl lo
 the An«l-Bkivcry f a«i*c Amerii-sa arit i d
 ere ff If to nanomf-*v tf sv» #4; tmifTidtnrie dc*itr u.
 »f |swsi **iug eojm s will oblige ity a-nliig ife ir w
 .fere M»r *ov AnttrsTCAir, La-fe; or to die
 Now tm tf ran Offw-e.
 IMtOSPKKCTTS OF TAH
 Ainrrkffn PhreHoloriral Journals
 o. rowi.Kß, ruiTOR.
 "j’O I. f.r»a amt fwvfect lawsrlvea and .otr race, IS
 1 (fee crest exaitMl ot ail winks. Yet, to do this w«
 must u*fef«f;.i*i ll* Hun an Vhisu|mi&lt; w. T»., i
 liim eA*gv Pftisiolngy ami Vital Magnetism em
 brace, awl i cue expound *M thr laws ofn«r Iwtivf,
 i r.Hidilin* N &lt;/kippoM rrr- 1 —r rlitMWi Ok r.feikwo
 (ffter’s Mkme of (J.rtVevsal Truth.
 rHKENOI.OCy]
 I'awb mnul* r wilt Msitain eitlier thr analysis svw4
 bjcatear lAmmm- phrcMotogw ai U. sky, idwstrwteA rir
 i Lgwisg, if as aftic.d «ai llu-ir r.sulsirslss!.
 owl stow tfe-&gt;*itauuat«on ami hurarivv of sown d*t
 ttoguisiird [ktmw^s, (rnajpnnrei l/yj» Ukemsa*.
 rtmioutfftr.
 Health I, fafr/IV gie-»t iwtrMiml ot taint is
 Mfe and happtarss, aft if w hich it aognxi.ts. T«*
 pei servjttMai suai rastotat*sa,special sUoMmi w dl he
 g*vi«.
 ft oh pnrusl insr met am, netrem mg hi*, ami
 I dtoSK- Uas its a JucA it astokis, a ill ha irretel hi
 J fete Jeavnal.
 TOCNG «**N.
 The R fiiap they enftsj. the uferer* they can
 wiehi, ami thru piyustsa tor oawfaXw g onr tmU
 tuts-m, will iotm the ifew* &gt;4 a mmknU artsrlrs,
 •ULltf-IMrUOTEMEIIT.
 WfeAsinttogtoniwk, rad wtmk»n**b»«
 ,t enMsrrnm h*s mnwwJ pew*-,.. a«d
 rmlrt hml toiw ivd mmm happy! T* tuck,
 each mulct »i« h* w&gt;«H( to «**i (rxlAwA.
 fe advanre—ONE D(»U.-
 4 AM A YEAM
 tf A MULE M MBKUtf ut tfea Jumnwl he
 mat GKITltf, when (kaianff.
 j Tc. re« .xitam.Mi. hat,** asslands/t
 t\** 1-t kUt, anrt dt»*wi u
 rov/utR a* ttuhh
 i .re lal.N*.at ,Nt*. ire*
"
