"o e t r Q
From U*c BUckstow CVrmide.
 free soil.
 Aj' feucr Hi* Hu** rom ru*y
 Tku clank at ht« erety moikm,
 And bear h.m
 Tn jmnr home »m-« ttw
 An.l think tW mind of the kidtmpiwl Uack
 Tara* ncrer across the oecan back.
 A»! take hie *rifr and little one*, too;
 Tear the cord* of aiectnm uwvkr,
 And new repent of the de**d* roo do,
 Ti« a ikjpiV heart yon plunder!
 For tdw would’ill torture, tear and rack
 The wretched heart of the trembling Iduckl
 Drive him about in the sunburnt firkin.
 If to deep wound* all fenterrd ami aon&gt;.
 And then thank Gm! for the crop it yields,
 Drenched in the block man’s gore!
 And believe he stnik-s to nee you hndt
 And bruiae tl*c flcsli of the suffering black?
 Strain now bin sinew* as much as they*U bear,
 llis strong muscles make the most of,
 For hope ha* dawned in his breast to share
 The frcclom yon proudly boast of,
 Hi* sinews and nerves are, if need lie, as strong
 To wield tlic sword, as yours the thong.
 Beware lire time when tiiat chain sliall break,
 Hut galls the flesh and tin- spirit,
 When the yoke is thrown from the bended neck,
 That ia chafed too much to liear it!
 There’s a God abore- tiiat look* with a frown.
 To see how low you have trodden him down!
 ELLA.
 LIGHT.
 BT nmtlß ELLIOT.
 God said, Let there be light!”
 Grim darkness felt His might,
 And fled away;
 Then, startled seas, and moontalna Cold,
 lima forth, all bright iu blue and gold,
 And cried, Tis day! ’tis day!”
 Hail, holy light,” exclaimed
 Tl* thunder clouds that flamed
 O’er daisies white;
 And 10, tlie rose in crimson dressed,
 Leaned sweetly on the lily’s breast,
 And blushing, murmured, Light!”
 Tlim w as tlie skylark born;
 Then rose the euilialUed coni;
 Thrn floods of praise
 FI. .wed o’er tlie sunny hills of noon;
 Aisl tlien in stiUcst night the moon
 P&lt;Hired forth her pensive rays.
 Isi, heaven’s bright brow is glad!
 Lo, trees and flowers, all clad
 In glory, bloom!
 And shall tlie mortal sons of God,
 Be senseless as the trodden clod,
 And darker than die tomb!
 No, from tlie mind of man!
 From the swart artisan!
 From God vur sire!
 Our souls hive Indy light within.
 And every form of grief and sin
 Shall sec and feel its fire.
 By earth, and hell, and heaven,
 The shroud of soul is riven!
 Mind, mind alone,
 Is light, and hope, and life, and power!
 Earth's deepest night from this blest hour,
 Tlie night of mind is gone.
 BF. OF GOOD CHF.ER.
 Toiler, rise from grief ami slunilicr.
 Rend die bonds of doubt and pnin;
 List to Hope’s immortal number—
 Lo! site pleads with Uiec a*?aiii.
 What have lieen ywr deeds of trial!
 fount them up and scan tliem o’er;
 Fill again your bitterest vial—
 Tell roe, canst Ukmi wider more!
 Then, ye have the cheer within you,
 Mourn not o’er die Aided |«st;
 Let die golden future win you,
 Firmly I .attic to die last!
 Well I know the cup of sorrow
 Ye have drunken to the fill;
 Mow die blight of many sorrows
 Added only pangs to ill.
 I have seen ye by your altar,
 Shrived and stricken to tlie dust;
 Yet, oh, brollier, do not falter,
 God is merciful and just.
 Tin ■re are millions all around us,
 Ik-ariug rougher chains than ours,
 Darker clouds of death suroiind us,
 Dirrpcr griefs and sterner hours-
 Voices from the mart} r’s asdics,
 From the sweat aisl chains of skives;
 King of steel, aisl nrack of laslies,
 Paupers’ lints and |Kiu|»er«' graves.
 These should make thy Isirtlien lighter,
 Make tls« hopeful, true ami strong;
 Fk.tlie tlie storm widi rainbows brighter,
 Urge tlw-e gianl-likc along!
 Long :i* one shall suffer .leeper
 Tlun this aching soul of mine;
 tii id shall he within a sleeper,
 1 will never more repine.
 v.
 See the mines and gl.x.my alleys,
 Where tlie crushed of ages tread;
 Dungeons, stocks, aisl awful galley*,
 Peopled with the living dead.
 Tlien look upward lo the licavcn.
 Beaming on tliee free aisl clear;
 Aisl while life and strongUi are given,
 Hope and toil with earnest dicer.
 ONWARD.
 BY D. C. COLES WORTHY.
 With “Onward your inottn y«m never will fiiil,
 Should poverty track yon, or envy assail;
 No obstacle hinder, no trials ns .lest,
 Whose aim is still upward with Truth in the breast.
 T Is- shadow's that misl-likc l*ang under the sky,
 And Ind. (Is: liriglu prospect* Is-liiitd tlv-m that lie,
 Will fold with die darkness tls ir wings f#r a flight,
 And glory and beauty give only delight.
 Tis- sorrows ye cling to were never designed
 To U*. or to feiter the high-gifu-.l mind;
 I* was made to wsir upward with angels and God,
 And not to Ik trammeled on Us- earth’s cold sod.
 I'p- not tremble from darkness to rine;
 Re Onward your motto witlt faith In ihc skiw
 You’ll coisjner—you’ll oas (tier —w-e p«-. Pirate each
 fie.
 And sing in loud triumph as onward yon go.
 Rouse—rouse from your skimhrr, each talent rxnt
 The enemy ciuuelh—i» &lt;&gt;n tlie alert,
 Aisl ilOvertaken air! prostrate you fall,
 Your life ’twill emlniu-r with wormwood and gall.
 Then Onward! See blaaing away in the sky
 The motto so glorious —look u(&gt; ami not die;
 Tis the language of angels —of men who ra* ferl,
 When the world they would startle m the thundc.
 ■II** 1
 THINK ERE YOU SPEAK
 Think ere you speak, for m word lightly spoken,
 Ofl wakens a pang that haa siumlwred fotr years;
 An 1 memory’s repose, whan once it is broken,
 May tom a sweet smile into sadn. r&gt; and tears.
 No pleasure not Uk-u dmst the gloom hum the Mind,
 Or recall the W aii smik which has played oa tin
 check
 W ith the heart deepest tor row that word may h
 twined;
 Then kU ike no' the rhotd, but flunk are you speak
Selections.
COLORED NATIONAL CONVENTION
 The following extracts from papers pub*
 tubed in Cleveland, will aatisfy oar friends
 abroad that some importance ia attached to
 the efforts of colored men for aelf elevation,
 even by our white fellow -citizens. To oat
 mind a more hopeful aigo of progteas and
 improvement has not appeared than this same
 Colored National Convention. It was at
 tended hy the rank and file, rather than by
 the old acknowledged leaders of our people
 and what was done was with hearty «good
 will, and without any previous concert.
 Convention of Colored People.
 I —The National Convention of Colored
 People met at tbe Court House yea
 terday, and organised by appointing
 Frederick Douglass, of Rochester, N.
 Y., President. Several Committees
 1 were appointed, and some speeches
 made during the day.
 The number of colored men present
 was not large, but they were highly re
 spectable in appearance, and mani
 fested a high degree of talent. Mr.
 Douglass presides with dignity and
 ability. He is not only a distinguished
 man but worthy of distinction, and a
 gentleman.
 The Court House was crowded with
 I spectators who appeared deeply inter
 ested in the proceedings, ana seemed
 to sympathise with this band of men
 just breaking from slavery, ignorance
 and degradation, and taking position
 among the free, intelligent and enlight
 ened of the earth —-Cferc. Tntt Dan.
 National Convention op Color
 ed Freemen. —This Convention com
 menced its sessions in this city on
 Wednesday, the oth instant, and con
 tinued its! labors during that and the
 two following days.—Some sixty or
 seventy delegates were in attendance
 from various parts of the Northern
 States; among others Henry Bibb and
 Frederick Douglass, both of whom,
 as all are aware, were formerly slaves
 in the South.
 Mr. Douglass was madetPresident
 of the Convention, the duties of which
 office he performed with an ability and
 dignity that would have done honor to
 more experienced men of the white
 race. We had the pleasure of listening
 to his remarks on the occasion of his
 taking the Chair; and purer language,
 nobler sentiments, and more glowing
 eloquence wc never listened to. One
 object of the Convention, as stated by
 him, was to devise means by which the
 colored race might become more ele
 vated in life, have higher aims, and live
 in such a manner as to command the
 respect of their fellow-men, and gain
 for themselves a bestowal of those rights
 of which they are now so unjustly de
 prived. Few inducements were held
 out to colored men to become useful
 mechanics and tradesmen—the white
 man had nearly monopolized these avo
 cations of life, or at least had made the
 customs of society such that the black
 man, with the same natural ability,
 could not comnete with him.—“ But,”
 said the orator, Temperance, Morali
 ty, Christianity—these the white man
 cannot monopolize. And in these, as
 well as in the world of Labor, we can
 and must show that we are equal to any
 other race.” And the high moral tone
 of the entire address, and the mass of
 intellectual heads and faces before him,
 and the resolutions adopted by the Con
 vention, as well as the spirited discus
 sions and close, logical reasoning which
 they elicited, all gave ample testimony
 that his words were true, and that they
 came from the heart and reached the
 hearts of those to whom they were ad
 dressed.
 For two or three successive evenings
 large and enthusiastic meetings were
 held at the Tabernacle church, w here
 addresses were made by Bibb, Doug
 lass, Delany, Lyle, and others, all giv
 ing confirmation strong” that an op
 portunity for the cultivation of their in
 tellects and physical powers is all that
 is necessary to make Afric’s sons our
 equal brethren.
 Viewing this Convention in its moral
 aspect, we must say we rejoice that it
 has been held. For we can see in it
 the germ of that harvest which the
 friends of humanity will one day reap
 as the reward of their labors. It will
 tell for good in its effects on the nomi
 nally free colored people of our land,
 inasmuch as it will raise their hopes of
 standing on higher and better ground,
 and incite them to make yet higher at
 tainments in all that can add to their
 characters as useful citizens and heart
 felt Christians. Its proceedings, when
 given to the world, will have a tenden
 cy to break down much of that preju
 dice which teaches that God has crea
 ted the black man with an inferior in
 tellect. And we are constrained to bail
 it as one of the evidences of the good
 time coming” when a Universal Broth
 erhood shall be recognized throughout
 the land, among all the inhabitants
 thereof. For this we labor—for this
 we pray. And may “Godspeed the
 right!”— Temp. Artisan.
 Free Soil principles arc popular in
 New Orleans, especially among the
 white population who earn their bread
 by industrial pursuits, and who feci
 most deeply the blighting stain which
 slavery casts upon their position in so
 ciety. It is estimated by a gentleman
 recently from New Orleans, that the
 greater part of the white population of
 that city is of this class, and if polled
 to-morrow, an overwhelming majority
 of whites, he alleges, would vote iu
 favor of abolishing slavery. They had
 a free soil meeting in Lafayette, one of
 the suburbs of New Orleans a few days
 ago, which was well attended. The
 Mayor of Lafayette, w'ho was present
 at this meeting, thiukiog that the lan
 guage of some of the orators was
 seditious, issued a reclamation against
 il! V°£ U ,us ,l u provision of the
 Ulack Lode, forbidding speeches and
 writings calculated to make certain
 classes of their population dissatisfied.
 Ihe r ice Sutlers, however, nothing
 daunted by this proclamation, haftd ano
 ther enthusiastic meeting the next eve
 ning, confining themselves to the ques
 tion of slavery in soil now free, and
 steering clear of tbe provisions of the
 Black Code
 Do right, and fear nothing.
SCENE AT A PAWNBROKER’S
 SALE.
Passing up Chatham street on Thun
 day, we were attracted by the cry o
 Going, going, going/’ at one t
 i those establishments, and entering
 found it filled with a motley assemblas
 examining the mixed display of good*
 wares and merchandise, arranged fa
 nale. The auctioneer was, at the me
 meat of our entrance, inviting bids fo
 a quilted petticoat, which hadcvidentl
 seen some service, and which wa
 started at five cents, and after consid
 crablc competitition, knocked down, t
 a squalid-looking woman, for eightee
 cents, who appeared from her acant
 covering to require the article. Sh
 walked up to the desk, paid the cash
 I and received the article, apparent!
 much satisfied with her bargain.
 A cradle, a feather-bed, a watch,
 bureau, a coat and vest, were succcs
 sively disposed of, at prices whic
 struck us to be far above their value
 and it was amusing to witness the ea
 gerness with which the competitor
 sought to possess themselves of vari
 ous objects of their competition. W
 noticed among the group an interesting
 J;irl, about seventeen years of age, i
 aded yet deep mourning. There wa
 an expression of anxious melanchol
 upon her pale and beautiful counte
 nanca^ which riveted our attention; sh
 was not among those who were bid
 diag, but was undoubtedly waiting un
 til some article was offered which sh&lt;
 was desirous of possessing. At lengtl
 the auctioneer offered a miniature anc
 locket. The pale girl started, am
 rushing towards the counter, exclaimei
 in a voice of deep anguish:
 “Oh! don’t, don’t, don’t sell them
 for mercy’s sake, keep them a littli
 longer; I shall be able to redeem them
 I shall indeed.”
 What is the bid for them?” contin
 ucd the auctioneer.
 “Do not bid!” almost shrieked tht
 girl; “I had to pawn them to ge
 bread for my little sister; it is in;
 mother’s miniature, and my mother’
 hair which that locket contains—m;
 poor, dear mother, who gave it to rm
 when she was dying. Oh! do not sel
 it—pray don’t!”
 It is impossible to describe the sen
 sation produced by this appeal amon£
 the assemblage. There was not a sol
 itary bid for the articles; but we saw
 an elderly gentleman, in the simplt
 garb of a Quaker, go to the desk, am
 in a few minutes afterwards we saw
 that pale girl press her hand to hei
 lips, and after eagerly kissing some
 thing which he handed her, she rushet
 from the room. This scene terminate!
 the sale that day, for the audience sooi
 began to disperse, the few that remain
 cd evincing no disposition to possess
 themselves of any of the unredeemet
 pledges left remaining on hand.—Af. Y,
 Sun.
 TALLEYRAND AND ARNOLD.
 There was a day when Talleyranc
 arrived in Havre, hot foot from Paris
 It was in the darkest hour of the Frencl
 revolution. Pursued by the blood
 hounds of the Reign of Terror, strippci
 of every wreck of property, Talleyranc
 secured a passage to America in a shij
 about to sail. He was going, a beggai
 and a wanderer, to a strange la. d, tc
 earn his bread by daily labor.
 Is there an American staying at
 your house?” he asked the landlord o
 his hotel. I am bound to cross the
 water, and would like a letter to sorm
 person of influence in the new world.’
 The landlord hesitated a moment,and
 then said,
 “There is a gentleman up stairs
 either from America or Britain, whe
 ther an American or Englishman, I can
 not tell.”
 He pointed the way, and Talleyrand
 —who in his life was Bishop, Prince,
 and Prime Minister ascended the
 stairs. A miserable supplicant, he
 stood before the stranger’s door, and
 entered.
 Iu the far corner of a dimly-lighted
 room, sat a gentleman of some 50 years,
 with his arms folded and his head
 bowed on his breast. From a window
 directly opposite, a flood of light poured
 over his forehead. His eyes, looking
 from beneath his downcast brows,gazed
 in Talleyrand’s face with a peculiar and
 searching expression. His face was
 striking in its outline; the mouth and
 chin indicative of an iron will. His
 form, vig trous, even with the snows of
 fifty winters, was clad in a dark but
 rich and distinguished costume.
 Talleyrand advanced; stated that as
 he was an American, he solicited his
 kind and feeling offices. He poured
 forth his history in eloquent French and
 broken English.
 “lam a wanderer—an exile. lam
 forced to fly to the New World, with
 out a friend or a home. You arc ao
 American! Give me, I beseech you,
 a letter of yours, so that I may be able
 to earn my bread. lam willing to toil
 in any manner the seines of Paris
 have filled me with such horror, that a
 life of labor would be a paradise to a
 career of luxury in France. You will
 give me a letter to one of your friends.
 A gentleman like you has doubtless
 tnany friends.”
 The strange gentleman rose. With
 a look that Talleyrand never forgot, be
 retreated towards tlie door of the next
 chamber, his head downcast, his eyes
 looking from beneath his darkened brow.
 He spoke as he retreated; his voice
 was full of meaning.
 1 am the only man born in the New
 World who can hand to God
 and say, I have not a friend m l one in
 all America.”
 Talleyrand never forgot the over
 whelming sadness of that look which
 accompanied these words.
 “Who are you? M he cried, as the
 strange man retreated towards the next
 room. Your name?
 My name”—with a smile that had
 more of mocking than joy in Ha con
 vulsive exprusuioo—“ u»y name b Ben
 edict Arnold.”
 He was gone; Talley rood unk in
 •torir, the words—
 Arnold the traitor!”
 Best Preservative. When a
 young man has love of reading, aod
 of course a healthful rehab f«r intellec
 tual pleasures, he has become poa
 wsard nfnoc of the best preservatives
 Against dissipation
DEAN SWIFT AND THE TAILOR.
 A tailor in Dublin, near the residence
 of the Dean, took it into the ninth
 part” of his head that he was specially
 and divinely inspired to interpret the
 j prophecies, and especially the book ot
 1 1 Revelations. Quitting the shop-board,
 h® turned out a preacher, or rather a
 ‘(prophet, until his customers hfd left
 his shop, and bis family were likely to
 famish. His monomania was well
 known to the Dean, who benevolently
 watched for an opportunity to turn the
 current of his thoughts. One night,
 '.the tailor, as be fancied, got especial
 revelation to go and convert Dean
 Swift, and next morning took up his
 line of march to the deanery. The
 j Dean, whose study was furnished with
 a glass door, saw the tailor approach.
 1 and instantly surmised the nature ol
 I his errand. Throwing himself into an
 attitude of.solemnity and thoughtful-
 II ness, with the Bible opened before him,
 and his eyes fixed on the tenth chapter
 of Revelation, he awaited his approach.
 The door opened, and the tailor an
 nounced in an unearthly voice—
 I “Dean Swift, lam sent by the Ai
 mighty to announce to you,”—
 “Come in, my friend,” said the
 Dean, “I am in great trouble, and no
 doubt the Lord has sent you to help me
 out of my difficulty.”
 j This unexpected welcome inspired
 the tailor, and strengthened his assur
 ance in hiu own prophetic character,
 and disposed him to liirten to the disclo
 sure.
 “My friend,” said the Dean, “I
 have just been reading the 10th chapter
 of Revelations, and am greatly distress
 ed at a difficulty I have met with; and
 you are the very man sent to help me
 out. Here is an account of an angel
 that came down from heaven, who was
 so large that he placed one foot on the
 earth and lifted up his hands to heaven,
 j “Now my knowledge of mathematics,”
 continued the Dean, has enabled me
 to calculate exactly the size and form
 of this angel; but 1 am in great difficul
 ty, for I wish to ascertain how much
 cloth it will take to make him a pair of
 breeches; and as that is exactly in your
 line of business, I have no doubt the
 Lord has sent you to show me.”
 This exposition came like an electric
 shock to the poor tailor! He rushed
 from the house, ran to the shop, and a
 sudden revulsion of thought and feeling
 came over him. Making breeches was
 exactly in his lino of business. He re
 turned to his occupation, thoroughly
 cured of his prophetical revelation by
 the wit of the Dean.
 DETERMINATION.
 A man carrdo anything that he is de
 termined upon and goes at work rightly
 to accomplish. The Alps will appear
 little more than mole hills, when he hus
 made up his mind to scale them. The
 heavens will be as plain as a printed
 sheet, when he has commenced reading
 the stars. A fortune will be as easily
 acquired as a few hundred dollars when
 wealth is made the business of life.
 Who can fathom the depth of deter
 mination It is half omnipotent. Few'
 men know their own strength—their
 own capabilities. Hundreds might
 I have been as brave as Napoleon—as
 philosophical as Franklin—as wise as
 Washington—as ingenious as Fulton
 —as benovolent as Howard, if they
 had known their own powers. But
 fearing their own shadows, and turning
 aside from the mole hills in their path,
 they lingered in obscurity and died
 without being either curses or blessings
 to the world. Than to have been
 scourges to mankind it was better, but
 who can estimate the amount that might
 have been accomplished by millions
 who have passed off the stage without
 leaving a single memento behind Let
 it be yours, O man, to live for some
 purpose—to achieve something for
 those who follow after you—to leave
 the world in better hands than you
 found it. But determined not to die a
 cipher or a drone—to expire like the
 bursting of a soap bubble, being noth
 ing for people to look at, admire and
 take courage from. Than to pass away
 thus, we should rather have an exist
 ence among the heathen, or prefer that
 our first breath should have been our
 last. —Olive Branch.
 Venice. —You must imagine a
 strange and noiseless city, with silent
 highways of water for countless boats,
 instead of rattling thoroughfares for
 cabs and carts, looking for ail the world
 like rows of ruined Reform Club
 houses built on the hanks of the Sur
 pentine. Strange, black-looking craft,
 like floating hearses, glide about the
 streets, giving yon the idea that one
 half of the population is burying the
 other half; and every now and then you
 come upon a view, which you appear
 to be already well acquainted with, from
 a perforated card, water-color drawing
 in an album, or a print in an annual,
 or some dining-room picture, associated
 with an agreeable party, heat-frosted
 clarct-jugs, and early asparagus.—[Al
 bert Smith.
 Every wooden leg which supplies the
 loss of limbs lost in battle, is a slump
 speech agaiust all war.
 Debts or Honor. —lt is stated of
 Charles James Fox, that when a trades
 man called upon him with a bill, and
 found money before him, he congratu
 lated himself that he should be paid,
 hut w as told by the gambliug statesman
 that the whole was bespoken by debts
 of honor. “Then,” said the trades
 man, throwing his securities into the
 fire, make mine a debt of honor.”
 I thank you for your confidence,”
 was Fox’s reply, and here is your
 money.”
 Dobbs says the only difference he
 can discover between a general and a
 captain, is, that one says come on,”
 and the other “go on;” one gathers
 cypress, and the other laurels. Tue
 captains become candidates for the
 o r Tc —the generals for the presidency.
 Olau Milk. are coming into
 general use in England, and are ad
 vertised at 2s. each, when 12 inches
 in diameter, and 6s. when 26 inches in
 diameter.
 SouTHxa* Caors. A gentleman
 who recently passed through fourteen
 counties of south-western Georgia, says
 never saw such promising crops
QUwertwfmmte.
Free Liter Mi.
 MANUFACTURED by to* A«trie» Fres.Pwj*
 jDu dm Awkiu*! aim fcr«J» Mn. M*N°rtb
 F«-rtnw, Phtfadrlph**:
 MmkMr OiofWTi Ore**, **V« ami F«r
 ■An; CauTFWi, mMeacfcnJ; Mmlw,
 Hi i In Bad aUmM, of rmhnm f|«titws aw)
 irttMi: dim M —U liaimr. h.w awi colored;
 Bvd Eve Towels; UarkS Wadding;
 I Cotton Imps; Lamp Wick: Bed Tick.wr, a«
 erffeal article; Cafiro, SRorking** lLatung Luttan,
 far. far
 I Order* fan- Good*, nr letter* desiring inf*irnnitiau,
 —v ha addtinstd to J. M.Hef MeKw, 11, North
 Fifth-street; D» n „-I L. kl.llw, Tetotostrwt; of to
 Jamr* Mott, No. S 3, CTiurch Ale*-
 l A kn;e aad hands unr assortment of I*rinto now
 oh hand. jmi —tf
 Aiti-SUrery Olllce,
 A*©. 31, Norik Fifth Stmt, Philadelphia.
 A FULL as.vortiue.it of aad-rbvery publication*
 A i* kept constantly* on bawl. Also a bandsman
 variety of uiitcHlanenos pdbfcatians, and useful
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letter* return* f the laziness of the ofhre
 to be directed to J. Milk* McKim, SI, North
 Fifth-street, PhiLniclphta- pd—U
 TIR ATD SILK HATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, snuuufactnrer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk HaU, (l«th am) fur
 I Chin, Ladies’ Fan aad Tri muting* Buffalo Rohe*
 aixl an aMsortiDenl of Hat Caiw, tmbrcllas, &amp;c. f
 t lie. Jtc., No. 2, St. Paul Street, MioerTa Block.
 09- A usual supply of Buck*km Gloves and
 Mittens.
 ROCHESTE R SHOE AN D LEATHE R
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 tTNIE subscribers at No. 21 State atraet,take nleo
 -1 sure in announcing In the public that they have
 complet'd arrangement* by which they are enabled
 to offer the aauat ntiiirtorr inducement* to all en
 gaged ia the aule or manufacture of Boot* aud Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are aho offering on the favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Monxve Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealer* will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 'jylO SAGE PANCOST.
 BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OP
 T/te London Quarterly Review The
 Edinburgh, Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The. Westminster Rcvieic,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The abnfe Periodicals arc reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a lieuutiitti clear type, on tine white |*tper, and
 1 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’*
 Magazine, Ireing an exact facstimlt of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Blaek
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; tin
 “Edinlmrgh Review” Whig; ami the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The Ngth British Re
 view” is ns ire of a religions charartcr, liuviug been
 originally edited by l&gt;r. Chalmers, and now, rinct
 hi* death, lieing conducted by His son-in-law, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster, lti
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.]
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum
 i For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00 M
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Maga/.ine, 3 00
 For Blaekwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blaekwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00 14
 Payments to be mode in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will I*
 sent to out: address on |iayineat of the regular sub
 scriptiou for three—llie fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A fate arrangement w ith the British |wiWishers ol
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets ol
 that work, by wliieb we shall Is; able to place th.
 entire number in Ur* bands of subscribers lie fore any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the America!
 Journal*. For Uiis and other advantages secured ti
 our subscriliers we pay so large a consideration, dial
 we may he compelled to rain: die price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early whik
 the price is k&gt;w.”
 i Remittances and communications should lie always
 addressed, post-paid or frauktxJ, to Ute publisliers,
 LEONARD scorr CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAI
 CURE.
 BY LYSANDER SPOONER.
 The Albany Patriot call* it—“A neat pamphlet o
 108 pige* —a very remarkable production.”
 44 Whether all the antieipations of Mr. Sipmnei
 would U; realized by (lie full adoption of bis dieory
 we do iK&gt;t here slop to enquire; but we heartily coin
 mend his endeavor to the notice of all wlm k&gt;v« s
 transparent forciblediction—intrepid iu&lt;fe-|!eiideiKX*
 original thought —uisl entire freedom fn»m the eaol
 of »;ct or |iarty. As a judicial writer, tic lias a depth,
 a compass, far beyond any one whose production*
 have nu*t our eye m a longtime.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine m« It abottndi
 in I toll J ami original thoughts, ’fun illegal cause? ol
 )K&gt;verty are staled, and anuniticr of important profm
 sitions bearing on the subject laid down; and,on the
 whole, wc consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many valuable iiiuts to the states
 man anil political ecofsMiiist.”
 'Hie Bangor fiasettesays—“ An abk- and certain,
 iy original work, limn die jk ii of Lysaader Spooner,
 Esq.—ai'tlmr ol tiiat powerful IssiK which demon,
 utrntc* die unconstitutional ity of American Slavery.
 Tliere is no writer of die age, ol logical acumen more
 scan king tiimi Spooner.,’ Tliis new work is ik*s
 tinod to lead to a re*examination of all former *ys
 terns of political economy.” At first blush his eco
 nomical projiositions strike its as sustainable—and if
 they are *o, hi* work will prevail, arwl produce an
 important revolution ia the }«e*eat prevailing *ys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.**
 BELA MAILSII, Publisher, Bosto*.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Ffelw
 delphhu Charleroi in itfitb—Charter Perpetual;—
 Cafiital, $300,(X10 —Beojitmin W. IL&lt; luinls, Preni
 dent. Cootiores to imk&lt;- iiivurance on lives, gram
 uankit* tel cadowntent*, and accept trusts from he
 dividual.-, coq»raU: L&gt;lits, ms I courts of lustier-,
 and execute them agn-eaMy t«i the do-ire of tin- jzir
 tie*, and receive ilejswits of imev-j iu trust or on
 interest.
 The Cnmpnnv ad-l a K&gt;t.w at stated |s-riod* t/i
 the insttrauei; for life, awlo-i the ZOOi of Jaowirj
 last, an addition was mid to ail thejsdKS s tor Uii
 reimiiniug in Ihtc and i.-suetl [trior U» January Ist
 aaouuiuiz to IS |«-r ee-it. uu the sum in mivi
 iu [adicies issue?l iu 1H37; 71 pen* cent, ou poircho
 issue*] iu 1838, ;wi I in raU-abie propjitiuus acc*&gt;r&lt;!ins
 to thoir respective dates.
 The chief ohjert ut aa iusurauce knr life is to pro
 vale a sum of ut nicy at (ia; d* adi &lt;d die jtaity insur
 ed. tor die L-netit of a widow, children, fro ads *i
 ert-Ulors; and it will be w&gt;fu m cxauimatmu of th*
 talde of rates of the life Lmssisc, which will Is
 famished hy die suhaerdw to all who may far I a*
 interest in the swbpwt, dial by paying a smalt sum V
 the otfirr every year •Irwing hi* life, a p-msisny st
 rive to bis a very couswlerafde amount at hi*
 decease.
 Wherever die system &lt;sf l-»i* lusuruncc isproperb
 understood, it is extensively adopted, and its grew
 adxanteguv to all, but store espeemMy to dtewe afa
 ik-peihl on their own exert**m* tor the support of theii
 families, nr ski n*ay hr de*iriot** to secure the pay
 ment of a sum &lt;8 xwuey to tto-rr fetetol*, creditors ut
 iduf JrvH, at (Iks fiun-.ist;, w h*&lt; h they might lie Mi*
 envtre latahk- to nmaupfish, that the ofs-ratem of tin
 -tern m**-ds lan to he explained to ensure the sort
 m*» ruNSwtoratera of the psdffin. X
 In several instances it boa happened that the parti
 Nteurwd kgs died abordv after baring pnid unly oa
 nr two hirt ibn is of tie premiwui, wkea He nrrtfi
 tore renstved town dus atkee ths faff amount Ut
 *be-h he had insured.
 Pud inferred-ssi an Ikfe toportunl stoyect omy fa
 •warned by amJyiug, ptrsomifiy «r bv letter (mv
 laid) at the nffkn ut the suhsarlcr, the nathormw
 ■fftol tofagOouwd Life Insurum C ■mi.
 UOBEMT MOIUUd, Jl., Attorney aad Cam
 law, Bnua'i Btekbng, feuue Street
T)(WT AID WILLIS, IWw Dnp, Medt
 -1 cmh, Ckainb, Djr* Varnish,
 OR*, Olnmnmw, IMk*. P«*— try, DiHtrmMjpr
 Stock, French mod Uerm«B Chemicals, Art.-t*’
 Color*, Btwtr* and Cwraff, Etherial Oil, Gold
 ImT and Pod, *r. Joe.
 Brine Agents far Md of A* trlcfcrahd Family
 Ad vaJaahte filmt MedkMf, nwd worn* the
 i dawtljf from the Ma—farlTTs or their Alum,
 ihrv an enabled to sandy all cadet* at wholesale
 aad retail, on the Butt favorable term*.
 Homeopathic Book*, Medicine*, and Family
 Own, with Ml direction*. Only a feat* tr W est
 cn -New York.
 Aim, Sherwood’* Vibratory Magnetic Machine*,
 with direction*.
 Phosgene (Ja*; also Etherial Oil ami Lamm, f..r
 burning the same. Those who wnuld consult eco
 nomy and onormrienee mrr in*ifed to exmninr them
 laiip*. The attention of Count rv Merchants, I’hv
 •ician*, Fantdte*, and other*, vciinr good* in the
 above line, i* re«(ue»led at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exrituuge Street.
 OWEN” MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 CSDE ft THr Ul'tKVU—late FISHER MORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. M.ircus
 Vbs-se for wren year*, ami (taring that time
 proeun.il for him three Silver Medal*, for the best
 specimen* of Book Rinding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in tin* city ami Buffalo.
 (ientleiucn’s l.iliraries tilted tip and repaired
 Music l’afier ruled; Music and Periodicals hottnd
 ami finished to any pattern. Bfcink Aecoont Book,
 executed at this i -talilishment liave given nm-tjimllcd
 satisfaction, hy their dund&gt;ilily and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the (pntlitv of paper iixcd,
 to lender them eouail to the best in the United Slat*
 or tlkots' import) d.
 Indies* Scrap ami Guard Book*, *A!?&gt;mns ami
 Portfotine, in all fheir varieties, manufactured to
 order in thr h-*t style.
 Bank*, Institutions, Societies, Ac., mav lie
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 term.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing anti
 forwarding volume* to the above directions, stating
 price and sty le, may rely upon their being well t&gt;oond
 on the most favorable' terms, also can fully and
 ptmet unity returned.
 N.B. Tha proprietor ha* spared no expense in
 fitting ap the establishment, and introducing into
 Western New York the latest improvement* in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the BufTalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the heat quality is made from
 |*ire firing water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News ami Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on ham I, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and other* will do well to call and exam
 ine tlie ({utility ami price, at No. 6 Exchange «t.
 lISHF.K Co.
 j&gt;2l Bookseller* and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLARKSON,
 LONDONJEBITION —WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON'S HISTORY
 OF TIIE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remark* on tike subset |itcnt
 abolition of Shivery; a beautiful Is union edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, done on steel, —a
 1«&gt;ok which nnild not be imported for k-ss titan three
 dollars, can lie had at 21, Condi ill, if applied for
 immediately, at the very low price of Oar. Dollar,
 cash. Also, EULOGIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Alkxamuek Cru k mlll, at the reduced price ol
 twelve and a half cents.
MACON U. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
BOVS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 10, Brattle Street, having
 made recent addit ions to his stock, is prepared to
 furnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 ami fit, and at as cheap prices, as can be obtained in
 the city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 56, IJfiiox StRKtT, Boston.
 JOHN IV RIGHT keep* constantly on band a
 great variety of New ami Second Hand Clothing.
 Goods of all kimls, such as old ciotlie*, W. i. goods,
 Watches, fbxits and Siloes, &amp;c., exchanged for new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kimls of giwxis,
 flout one to one taindsed dollars.
JOHN n. REV A LEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 arol Perfumery Etupuriuiu, 114, Blackstune-sl.
NEW liOOKS.
 FOR SALE at t!»e Anti-Skivcry Depository, 21,
 Combi ll—namely,
 Ihe Lilicrti Bell lur 1348. A copies remain.
 Life of William \V. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter :uid neweugmvmgH. Price, homid,
 37 i ct.-i; in paper covers, 23 rts.
 Air. Shackford’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 12£ ets.
 Position and Duties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabmly. 5 &lt;t.«.
 Six .Months at Cntelenberg. By Henry C. Wri'dit.
 #•1,00.
 Dick Crowuingshield, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; tl»e Difli-renec between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cU.single; 25
 cts. per dozen.
T'HOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street,
 A sign of the Holden Ball. New and Seeoud
 hand Clothing Store.
TSAAC If. SNOWDEN, Book, Newspaper, and
 JL Fancy Job Printer, I£, W ater Street.
 03* All orders promptly atteniled to, and moth
 executed.
The Massachusetts Quarterly Review.
 10MMKNCi:i&gt; on ihn tiv»i of [fcccmlier, 1817,
 to be continued on die Ist of March, June, and
 and SepleaiU r. It w ill be devoted to die interest
 of party or dm**, Imt its conductors will cndcu
 vor to present an open and fair field C»r the notice
 and discussion «l matters pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politic-*, Literature, Religion, ami Humanity.
 The Kc»iew will be conducted by R. W. Enter
 m,n, Tbeodoie Pat kcr, and J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several **ther gentleinen.
 Each number will contain abont 125 pages, at Uk
 price of £3 a year, in advance.
 Communication.-*, milwcriptioiu*, Lc. «h*xil&lt;l lie
 addressed to the Publisher-*,
 COOLIDGE k WILEV,
 12, Water Street, Boston.
SEW YORE A OVERTIMED EMS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW' GfXJi&gt;S just reeived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 1-4 Prints, various styles,
 j -Aj ew &gt;*ylts of Prints *»f mnliuis (iwalilv usual w idtii.
 Fine ami wide Paper Muslin.-. Also Coined
 Csiahrim.
 Curtain Calico. Siij*iior fine Chintz Luibrdbw.
 Oil Cliths.
 Shimm-i*, emsl and cheap. Also on hunt, rnostlv at
 j witsed prices, (hugisuiM, various (pcdttiea and
 I styles.
 I in*.- and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, at si Pillow
 Mm-MU*
 .Mrified ('ambries. Fine. 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 M*sbn ilp lanne, jitain aid neatly fi-urol, all wool.
 i Liaens, warrant* 1 tree (nun cotton.
 I lauiiei* 4-4 good and price low. Canton itauueb,
 white and colired.
 I tide Diaper and i lulls, of different styles.
 Af a-si and f unuture t lad. Cull*at ILaisikerchiefs.
 Lotion Twilled Tutulss Studs. Also Lsats
 Dulline, fcr.
 Long and half Hose, hue aad heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various \*a. f bl-acbcd, ls*ms tsl
 I cuhirsd.
 o Lops. Also,
 tunned Isaf, Crushed, ami Pulverized Sugar.
 I Swgar, good quality, of various grader.
 ’***"k »id exdtastvdy Fite Labor Goods,
 Ui which the Subscriber would invite the
 mHr 7 «**dtmts, as well as his friends and the
 tatrn Managers of the Free
 rndsre A as* mat inn, to assist (he Subscriber in tm
 «ke —i frost time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 n..... comer Fifth and Cherry an.,
 Phdi hdphia td me. Ist, UMB. tf
 PUBLISHED, and for wit at the often of
 Ike Aslti 81avery Standard—
 «T Uamt,, and Fmw «f Truth, M*
 MW.
 wtikjhst^a)jmfea of eloea
 illustrative Prim 371 rts. M
 to paper covers. A veiy liberal dis

 U«ar la it People ef the tailed States, irarhin
 Ike Hauer «f Slavery. TUsdim KaT*
 fg^lfts^thpgmsMust;
Philip a. white. Dr.***, Kfa
 fort and Gold Street. rn
WILLIAM POWELL, Sailor’* Home, fcl
 Cherry Street.
 M’OUNE BMITII, 98. West Br*d.
TJfNNINOS, Btirgeon-Deutiot, 1«5
 Broadway.
TretEPII C. HOLLY, Boot a w!
 V No. 87, CVanhery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. R pairing neatly executed at the Atn—,
 notice and on the rar&gt;M reasonable terms.
YYTM. 11. TOPP, Merrhant Tailor, 516 8r0,.)
 wav AM a„ extensive assortment of Cm
 Stocks, ilosiry, Glove*, he. 1
 Affnny, Feb. 11, IS4*(,
GENTEEL HOARDING IfOl'Bß
 CM!ARLES HiGHGATE, w«a» repectath* m
 \&gt;Lfomi his frlends ami the publi,•, |lm«u- rout',*.,,
 to devote every attention to t1„„e i* ,i*ed to t,* r
 h.**‘ U*,r” withar-al!. The Game ,s pleasantb
 located at hX» Broadway, Ail*uty.
 Feb. 18, 184*. 1
TVH MAM RICH, Hair Dressing and IhMhi
 bah-w, Troy Ibawr.Tr.y, New York-
 1I H.1.1A M B. I.OCIAN, Dealer in Fashion,l.te
 "f Boot* and Blve«&gt;, 80, Pure has** Street, N,
 Ib-dfonl.
 VI B. L. keep* constantly on hand a good
 •milt, ami will sell cheap tor cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, In Messrs. Parker and
 Ibtvis
Yl WASHINGTON’S Itaperrnn Gallery, 1.T6,
 v Main Ftreet, Kellogg’s Building*, Hartford
 Connect ient.
KORTHAJIITONJVATER CURL
 FWlririty tiud Hydropathy.
 rIE public are icnwrtfuUy ml-stmed, that ifm*
 the philosophical deduction! of the learnrd l»r.
 Mean*, of Emory College, fia., and thcf seientiio
 experiment! of Mr. Hemmcr England,* hav*
 recently and im infallibly established the fart, that
 the conclusions at which fhc undersigned trrivrd 1.,
 the unw ot touch, in 18-14, are in harmony «i«4
 natural and physiological laws—to nit, that the
 human body, in a healthy rondiliiin, is* in a yontin
 rjutn nl tiatr, and that’ the electrical rmnnntioiin
 from the rutiriilar surface, iiuiieatc health, or ikn
 syntpb ms aad chamrtrr af din iiM—tlirie i* iu&gt;ti&lt;r
 reason to Impc, that rerfain idi\*tetans, ignorant i f
 these principle* or natural law*, a knowledge of
 which is essential to the safe ami intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vocih rations
 against the r»«tTi»K Ki reTKirai. *Tm of the
 liuinan k*x!y, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 wlinni they have fa i let I to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the North vwp-
 TOJt Watkk t’CRK. Then sustained l»y the light
 of •rimer, the undersigned maybe |&lt;et muted heir
 to re|jent his experience, that, in allcares where ih«
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the elrctro-orgaiiir
 condition, the patient in hetoml the power «if watt r
 to afford relief. On the oilier hand, when the part*
 of the hotly alluded hi, are in Ute elrctro-positivu
 state, however disarranged, time is ground to Imp*
 for a core.
 Hail not the result! of past years’ practice
 already convinced the ptddic of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which tlie undersigned is
 governed, in detecting tfie symptoms and charm ter
 of disease, and practising the cure, tlie recent trim-'
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means anti Mr. Hr tinner, could not fail to convince
 the most increditlon*.
 Gratefully appreciating tlie credit so generously
 awarded fr»r his success as a Hydropathic I'uiii.
 I tinner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 j evinced by those w hom lie has had the pit asure to
 relieve of their complaints, the undi reigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gmtitudv, in the ease of every invalid who mar
 afford hint an opportunity to effect a cure, by hii
 original and philosophical method ofpractice.
 The Northampton Wafer Cure N pleasantly siis
 a led near Hensonville, on the west hank of l.irking
 Water, or Mill River, a Unit two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 anangrd, with separate parlors, bathing and dress',
 ing-rnnm*. fiir Indies ami Gentlemen, well w nlil
 ated and conveniently bn limited lodging rooms, ami
 a variety of Inths, supplied with water, whit It. |i&gt;r
 abundance, purity, ami adaptedness to water-emu
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in tin*
 vicinity is picturesque and romantic. There are a
 variety ol ph asaut walks, sullieiently retired, t&gt;&gt;
 allow water-cure patient* to appear as tlw-y shook!,
 plainly diessed, enjoying their rambles without
 being eX|Miscd to puhlic guxe or ohservation.
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to t| M head’,
 cold extremities, general and nerviKi* debility, l.mn
 chilis, pulmonary affrrtion, liver eompktmt, jam,,
 like, acute or cluroiuc inHsiuiimtion ol tlie Isiwi Is,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous ami spinal
 a (Tedious, inflammatory and chiomc iliciunaiisin,
 neuralgia, seiatka,lame* limbs, |turulysis,levels, »aW
 rhentn, semfuhnjs and erysiprhis humors.
 All patients who visi’t this establishment for 4
 course of treatment, should ltiruis.li thetnsefvcs with
 three comk.rtahks, three woollen blanket*, one or
 two linen ami lluee cotton sheets, two pillow case#,
 six or eight crash towels, /nine well worn linen, to
 cm lor fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an uir
 brclla, ami a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment uud board are $5 fill i„
 !j*B Wiper week, payable weekly —washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tlio character of Ins
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third flooi
 will pay ft 00 per week—on the first ami seen,si
 floors, £8 SO per week. f’alkuls requiring 4 Mia
 attention or tire in their rooms, (except for swath
 nig purposes,) will Inrnisli tlieii own nurses mui fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. HI GGLES.
 IVjrt/uimjAm, Marik 18 18.
 N.H. Visitors to the Establishment, from if,*
 east, west, or south, ran take the ears of the t om*.
 Hirer Itailrowri at .Springfield. Carriage.* wdl
 a Hi, y* ceadincM at the Northampton di tot, to
 convey them hither.
 Ilm human blood, in a normal mid healthy con
 ililioii of the liuinan system, is in a positive state,
 wliif ii i?i ronntuntly maoitt:*tri&lt; K «l l»v lln* urtirify #»f tlif*
 geneiati.isr sowroes wilhm nn excess generally pass
 ing ofi iri silence from tlie cut ion lor surface, so iiiat
 out of 3.»f» e\|teriinenls inadu by Air. Ilemiacr
 England, igsui tin* uncovered skin,” ,T 22 indicated
 the prCMIMe of positive electricity. Thii s«rph*stV((e
 of the Him I 11)1011 tlie surf.ice, wtr iielk. ve to Lo usiis
 prnsahle to the: healthful comlition of tlie wls.lo
 uuuitni economy, and that wlien, from any cwMse, is
 re diminished in* ceases, diseased ai lion ensues.*’
 Geoaddress, delivered la-fore the Medical College ef
 ls?vgia, at the Ojjeaiag of its amoral session, Nov.
 8, 1817, by A. Means, A.M., .M. 1)., I'rUtMut rf
 Chemistry ami rbarnmey arrl VrofcUrf off
 Mcicwce in Emory College, G«., jmge 25j
ATHOL HATER CTRE,
 'pHE Subscriber iiegs h»y» to r*H tie attention,
 -1- *.l Invalids, especially th«*w: suffering from.
 k wfddtshn.est ic
 llis house w asopenc*? f,,r the reception of patient*
 last sea—Mt, awl it is Ixlwved offers eacrlh-nt IweiU
 tie* for a |iliiliM&gt;phi&lt;- ami thncwijh aweys Ml hplfn
 luithy. Tin; supply of water is abundant, ami ii.
 imritv I tan laun pronoune*-*! e-pwl to wnts-r on a
 dn-tilled.” J hi; l* .it too i* ipiite legible, I win? I»v
 ilirttiice from (he V. kM. radruad. Tho
 vicinity alxnirvls in a v.irh ly of scettett, ami lei-,
 rhanrung grmusls for walk, ami rami4* s. .H,, ,j ul
 with (lie wat*y, xiitabl ngitirs, mountain air, ami
 Mtevris*;, |«ti* tils ran x-arcely fail to obtain th*i
 tmailhf.ll re.ulo. fur whw h they late*-.
 The folk*wing case ilhwtrales litis remark• tin
 8., wil- of Dea. 8., *4' Warwick, Mass., aged
 alsait thirty -five years, was browclit u, IJ-; U.I
 August. Her cam prewmml the (oil,wing pi.■*,.
 ■sens. If phwwd hi an erect posit is*, and left ss
 suppostmi. iwthwnh M( hwekwarvl to the
 growsl. If being well supported, she smdr so
 eff.« u, walk, either loot, whew curritH
 dejpit* h. r eftnrts tn the contrary, would com (ha
 od*v. Mhe had keeu in this conditim. nca.ly
 ,«u. Her tr.-aOMut eswusuced ,4
 and w»* contained l*» the *sth Urt. only. uhr*.
 mt f as tu be aide t«. walk a
 Bincc her retnni to her f-unil*, *h"
 has eonummd har m,th c-n*-spomhng
 t W Bhe NS attends kihrr
 &lt;hiwesMe thtties, and with the assistance of a *»aU
 g.rLdo« the work of her bmify.
 PhiMhi atw dasirad «n Um three cseifortalA*-*.
 rj wadlsa kksktsi;«as pair of Men*.
 JwJfad&lt;ssea towel* marked, with »&gt;U hma M
 erwes, Irnn five to fen -Idlers per *ttk, accotu
 to the necemitirs «r &lt;-hoUc of t* patient*
 urhn are hen pans wUr in the terte»'
 M wiflisa to cMxwpv them ta astpM'
 he rtterged lem-
 AtheL Uivcfc, lfMft. GEORGE HOYT.
THE DELAWARE ABOtITWIUBT.
 A RATER ef the above mtm wii be
 Wthmagt-s., by (he ll heps Awti-Ahverr
 *&lt;dsiMr. It will be e»Uic! by a Csfmniiu-«, sud wdl
 ha pafMhhad a ledf medium sheet, at twenty Ara
 Mmpe year, er far terMy-faeriiimbtev. ItwWM
 Asirni.d m maeai urntMo Dehwwre, and si
 Wlh its ancmrndlakmepi »*y atthwtal mmtt- R
 will be prAkshed &lt;ctai aw ui%, d mm mm
 haded, ar as often a- *hs means eaa he shta&gt;mK%||
 JAME.S B HIUXOEE
 Pikti if Arm
"
