"oppose every action, emanating from
 what source it uray, whether civil, po
 litical. social *&gt;r religious, in any man
 ner derogat 't v t »the universal equality,
 of man.—Adopted.
 *i Unsolved, 1 hat whatever isnoces
 sarv for the elevation of one class is
 necessary for the h vation of another;
 the respectable industrial occupations,
 a&lt; mechanical trades, farming or agri
 culture, mercantile and professional
 business, wealth and education, being
 necessary for the elevation of the
 whites; therein e those attainments are
 for the elevation of us.—
 Adopted
 ii. Resolved, That wc impressively
 K commend to eur brethren throughout
 the country, the necessity of obtaining
 a knowledge of mechanical trade,
 farming, mercantile business, the learn
 ed professions, ns well as the accumula
 tion of wealth,* —as the essential means
 of elevating us as a class.—Adopted
 4. Resolved, That the occupation of
 domestics and servants among our peo
 ple is degrading to us ns a class, and
 we deem it our bmindcn duty to dis
 countenance such pursuits, except
 where necessity compels the person to
 resort thereto as a means of livelihood.
 6. Resolved, That as Education is
 necessary in all departments, we re
 commend to our people, as far as in
 their power lies, to give their children
 especially, a business Education.
 0. Resolved, That the better to unite
 mid concentrate onr efforts as a people,
 we recommend the formation of an
 association, to be known as the
 j Referred to a Committee, and subse
 quently the whole Resolution referred
 to the next Convention.]
 7. Resolved, 'flint while our efforts
 shall be entirely moral in their ten
 dency, ii i-i no less the duty of this Con
 vention to take Cognizance of the
 Political action of our brethren, and
 recommend to them that course which
 shall best promote the cause of Liberty
 and H umnnity.
 N. Resolved, That wc recommend to
 nur brethren throughout the several
 states, to support no person or partv,
 let the name or pretensions be what
 they may, that shall not have for their
 object the establishment of equal rights
 and privileges, without distinction of
 color, clime or condition.
 R. Resolved, That holding Liberty
 paramount to all earthly considerations,
 we pledge ourselves, to resist properly,
 every attempt to infringe upon our
 rights.
 It). Resolved, That Slavery is the
 greatest curse ever inflicted on man,
 being of hellish origin, the legitimate
 offspring of the Devil, and we therefore
 pledge ourselves, individually, to use
 all justifiable means for its speedy and
 immediate overthrow.
 11. Whereas a knowledge of the
 real moral, social, ami political condi
 tion of out* people is not only desirable
 but absolutely essential to the intelligent
 prosecution of measures for our eleva
 tion and improvement, and whereas our
 present isolated condition makes the
 attainment «b such knowledge exceed
 ingly difficult, Therefore
 Resolved, That this National Con
 vention does hereby request the colored
 miiustcYs and others persons through
 out the Northern States, to collect, or
 cause to he collected accurate statistics
 of the condition of our people, during
 the coming year, in the various stations
 and circuits in which they may find i
 themselves located, and that they he,
 and hereby are requested to prepare
 lists, stating—
 -Ist. The number of colored persons
 in the localities where they may be
 stationed; their general moral and so
 cial condition; and especially how
 many are farmers and mechanics, how
 many are merchants or storekeepers,
 how tunny arc teachers, lawyers, doc
 tors, ministers, and editors; how many
 are known to take and pay for news
 papers; how many literary, debating,
 and other societies, for moral, mental,
 and social improvement; arid that said
 ministers he, and hereby are, respect
 fully requested to forward all such
 information to a Committee of one, who
 shall he appointed for this purpose, and
 that the said Committee of one he re
 quired to make out a synopsis of
 fuieli information and to report the same
 to the next colored National Conven
 tion.
 1L Resolved, That Temperance is
 another great lever for Elevation,
 which we would urge upon our people
 and all others to use, and earnestly
 recommend the formation of societies
 for its promotion.
 Id. Resolved, That while we hcarti-i
 l v engage in recommending to our peo
 ple the Eree Soil movement, and the
 support ot the Buffalo Convention,
 nevertheless we claim and are deter-;
 mined to maintain the higher standard
 and more liberal views which have
 heretofore characterized us as abo
 litionists.
 it. Resolved, That ns Liberty is a
 right inherent in man, and cannot he
 arrested without the most flagrant out
 rage, wc recommend to our brethren
 in bonds, to embrace every favorable'
 opportunity ol effecting their escape.
 Ib'Milvcd, that we pledge our
 selves individually, to use all justifiable
 means in aiding our enslaved brethren
 m escaping tnmi tii Southern l’rison
 i louse;of Bondage.
 li». Resolved, tnat wv recommend to j
 the c'f.red people every where, to*
 ii'*' evt i-y just i Tort in getting their
 children into schools, in common with
 others in their sc vend locations.
 t 7. Whereas, Arm i iem Slavery is
 politically ami morally an c\il of which
 this country stands guilty, and cannot
 f&gt;e abolished alone through tin* instru
 mentality ol moral suasion and whereas
 flic two great political parties of the
 I uion have by their acts and nomina
 tions betrayed the sacred cause of
 human freedom, and
 Whereas, a Convention recently
 .i-.semblcd in the city of Buffalo having
 for its object the c-tabli-huu at of a
 party in support of free soil tor a free
 people, ami Whereas said Convention
 adopted lor its platform the follow ing
 noble expression, viz; “Free Soil,
 Free Speech, Free Labor and Free
 Men,” and l»&lt; lieving these expressions
 well calculated to increase the interest
 now felt in belwdf of the down-trodden
 ami oppres-ed of this laud; therefore,
 Res,Red, That we recommend to
 ad colored persons ill possession ol the
 light of Ihe elective Fiaiichisc, the'
of that body for their auf
 fmge*, abd earnestly request all good
 citizens to Use their united effort* to
 .secure tl»*ir election to the chief offices
 in the gift of the people.
 Ttesolrcd, that the great fr’rrc Soil
 1 arty ol the Lnited States, is bound
 together hr a common sentiment ex
 pressing the wish of a large portion ol
 the people of this Union, and that we
 iiail with delight this great morement
 as the dawn of a bright and more aus
 picious day. [The Resolutions were
 rejected, hut the Preamble prefixed to
 the 13th Resolution.]
 IS. Resolved, That Love to God
 and man, and Fidelity to ourselves
 ought to be the great motto which we
 will urge upon our people.
 19. To the honorable members ol
 the Convention of citizens of color of
 the United States of America, greet
 ing. 1 beg leave to report for your
 consideration the result of my labors as
 an Agent to promote a project of
 home emigration to the State of Michi
 gan. I was appointed on
 October the 2llh, in the year 1845 by
 an organization of gentlemen of color
 in the Vicinity
 The object of my agency was to explore
 wild unsettled territory. 1 found
 large and fertile tracts of government
 land, in Kent and other counties, but in
 Ocoaua and Mason counties there arc
 peculiar facilities, which do not present
 themselves in any of the other parts of
 the State which I have visited. Oceana
 and Mason are lake counties, with
 about sixty miles seaboard. T here are
 navigable rivers emptying into Lake
 Michigan and affording at their mouths,
 good harbors, delightful sites for cities
 and villages, also with hydraulic pow
 ers of every magnitude. Plenty of
 land ready for the plow at $1,25 per
 acie. Valuable Timber may be had
 here in abuudance. Grass is now to be
 found from knee high to the height of a
 man. The surface of the meadows is
 a deep vegetable mould, below which
 in many places are lound beds of Lime.
 Fruit, Fish, and Game in abundance.
 Also, Salt Springs. Plaster of Paris
 has been discovered there. During the
 last spring a constant trade was kept
 up between these lands and Chicago,
 Milwaukee, and the ports on Lake
 Michigan. There are four saw mills in
 the two counties. Lumber is wanted
 at £,7 per thousand on the lake shore.
 Shingles, shingle bolts, staves, tan
 Hark, Cedar Posts &amp;.C., all bring a
 liberal price, and demand Gold and
 Silve r, and provisions during the season
 af navigation. I now submit the sub
 let 6cc. Imping that you will adopt
 some feasible plan to arouse our people
 o consider the importance of the
 same. Jeki-ciiso.v Fitzgerald.”
 20. Resolved, That the thanks of this
 Jonvcntion be tendered to the Presi
 lent for the able and impartial manner
 n which he has presided over its dclib
 rations.
 21. Resolved, That this Convention
 idjourn sine die on Friday, Sept. Bth,
 i o’clock I*. M.
 22. Whereas, we find ourselves far
 behind the military tactics of the civ
 ilized world, therefore,
 Resolved, That this Convention re
 commend to the Colored Freemen of
 North America to use every means in
 their power to obtain that science, so
 as to enable them to measure arms with
 assailants uilhout and invaders within;
 therefore,
 Resolved, That this Convention ap
 point Committees in the different States
 ns Vigilant Committees, to organize
 is such where tho same may be deemed
 practicable.
 23. Resolved, That this Convention
 return their sincere thunks to Judge
drews and the Bar of Cleveland, in
 ldjouruing the Court and tendering to
 js the use of the Court House for the
 sittings of the Convention. [See min
 ites.J
 Resolved, That among the means in
 strumental in the elevation of a people,
 here is none more effectual than a
 veil-conducted and efficient newspaper;
 ind believing the North Star, published
 ind edited by Frederick Douglass and
 &gt;l. R. Delany at Rochester, fulty to
 mswer all the ends and purposes of a
 mtional press, we therefore recommend
 ts support to the colored people thro’-
 &gt;ut North America.
 21. Resolved, That the Convention
 •ccommcnd to the colored citizens of
 he several Free States, to assemble in
 Vlass State Conventions annually, and
 ictition the Legislatures thereof to re
 teal the Black Laws, or all laws mili
 ating against the interests of colored
 tcople.
 25. Whereas, we firmly believe with
 he Fathers of *7O, that taxation and
 *epresentation ought to go together;’
 herefore,
 Resolved, That wc arc very much in
 1 &gt;ubt as to the propriety of our paying
 my tax upon w hich representation is
 &gt;ased, until wc are permitted to be re
 i resented.
 2d. Resolved, That, as a body, the
 iroiesscd Christiau American Chruch
 *s generally, by their support, defence,
 ind participation in the damning sin of
 \mcncan Slavery, as well as cruel pre
 udicc and proscription of the nominally
 ree colored people, have forfeited cv
 rry claim of confidence on our pait,
 ind therefore merit our severest repro
 mtion.
 27. Resolved, That Conventions of a
 mnilar character to this are well calcu
 atod to enhance the interest of suffer
 ng humanity, and the colored people
 'enrrally, and that we recommendsuch
 isMunhlages to the favorable considera
 ion of our people.
 2«. Resolved, That the next Nation
 tl Convention of Colored Freemen
 dial I be held in Detroit, Michigan, or
 it Pittsburgh, Pa., some time in the
 ear I
 2!f Resolved, I hat among the many
 »|»prcs*iive schemes against the colored
 &gt;coplc in the United Slates, we view
 he American Colonization Society as
 he most deceptive and hypocritical—
 ‘clothed with the livery of heaven to
 erve the devil in, with President
 Itohcrts, of Liberia, a colored man, fof
 ts leader.
 30. Resolved, That wc tender to the
 nti/.ens of Cleveland our unfeigned
 hanks for the noble resolution passed
 iy them in approval of the doings of
 his Convention.
 31. Resolved, That the prejudice
 gainst color, so called, is vulgar, un
 i.itural and wicked ill the sight of God,
and wholly unknown io any country
 where slaver/ does not exist.
 32. Resolved, That while we are en
 gaged in the elevation of our people,
 wc claim it to be our duty to inquire of
 our public lecturers and agents an ex
 planation in reference to the disburse
 ment of funds they may have collected
 from time to time for public purposes.
 33. Whereas, we fully believe in the
 equality of the sexes, therefore,
 Resolved, That we hereby invite fe
 males hereafter to take part in our de
 liberations.
 j 34. Whereas, a portion of those of
 'our colored citizens called barbers, by
 refusing to treat colored men on equali
 ty with the whites, do encourage preju
 dice among the whites of the several
 States; therefore,
 Resolved, That we recommend to
 this class of men a change in tbeir
 course of action relative to us; and if
 this change is not immediately made,
 we consider them base senriles, worthy
 only of the condemnation, censure, and
 defamation of all lovers of liberty,
 I equality, and right.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 29, 1849.
Correction.— A report Is in circulation,
 whence originating It is easy enough to con
 ceive, that several of the scholars at Seward
 Seminary left the school, when they heard
 that a colored child was about to be admitted
 amongst them. This report is wholly with
 out foundation. Not one of them left, or
 thought of leaving on that account. The
 facts of the case arc as stated by Mr. Doug-
 lass in last week’s pa;&gt;er —namely, that the
 i pupils, instead of objecting, were most will
 ing that his daughter should be admitted
 and that one, only ONE of their parents, was
 found unchristian enough, uncivilized enough
 to oppose her admission, and that one was
 11. G. Warner, editor of the Rochester!
 Courier. And further, when it was) found j
 that she was uot to be admitted, three left the
 school, and*thrce more whom it was intended j
 to send there, were sent to other achools:
 where the teachers were not under the influ
 ence of an ignorant and unreasoning pre
 judice.—J. D.
 Cause and Effect.
 It is a law in physics, as it is in morals,
 that every cause is followed by a fixed and I
 unvarying effect. In the physical world, fire
 is always hot ice is always cold. No one
 in his senses ever thinks of going to an ice
 house for warmth—to a fire for coolness.
 So in the moral world, the effect does not
 more certainly follow the cause. Expose a
 man to evil influences—or rather, surround
 him, from youth upwards, with all that is
 calculated to debase and brutify—and what
 else can be expected of him but that he will
 be debased and brutal, and will so continue
 until other motives are placed before him— j
 until he is surrounded by other and better in-
 influences? It would be a miracle were he j
 otherwise, inasmuch as such a manifestation
 would be contrary to all the known laws
 of nature's operations. All. of course, are not
 alike influenced by surrounding circumstances;
 some have a greater—some a less affinity to
 vice still the rule is sufficiently unvarying, j
 as stated by the apoatle Paul—that otil i
 communications corrupt good manners.” This
 is not less certain than it is that fire gives out
 warmth, and ice, coldness; yet a single)
 glance at our mode of proceedure towards a
 portion of the people of this country, will be
 sufficient to show how far we are from a just j
 appreciation of this truth.
 In the Southern States of this Union, there
 are three millions of human being* whom it is
 criminal to instruct. No, it will not do to
 instruct them,” say their masters; “if they
 get intelligent, we cannot hold them in sla
 very.” They say this, and they say it with
 truth and to keep those three millions from
 claiming what but a little instruction will en
 able them to discover—namely, the inherent
 right of every man to himself, and the means
 of making good that right—their truly pious
 and godly masters close against them, as far
 as they have the ability, all the avenues to
 knowledge and intelligence. They keep men
 ignorant, make them debased, and then say
 they are not fit for freedom Most satisfac
 tory logic, truly The effect of this viola
 i lion of moral law of course follows. Those
 who are thus wickedly excluded from the
 means of acquiring knowledge, are ignorant,
 coarse, and, in too many instances, vicious;
 and a universal demoralization and depraved
 i state of public sentiment, are the retributive
 results? And who is to blame for this?;
 That the man should be ignorant w bo has not
 been permitted to learu, is by no means won- j
 derful; neither is it wonderful that he should
 lie vicious, if exposed to dt basing influences.
 The color of the skin makes no difference in
 this respect. The Hack African, the red
 Indian, and the w hite European, arc ail simi- I
 larlv affected by being placed in such circum- 1
 stances, 'i he crime and the shame of their
 ignorance and debasement, attach, then, not
 to those who are the victims of this wicked
 ness, but to those who perpetrate it.
 j Nor does this self-overreaching injustice of;
 the dominant class end here. In the North,
 we find colored men degraded and Injured.
 j They are not provided with sufficient means
 of education they are rubbed, as far as pos
 sible, of the ability to procure education for
 themselves. In some places they are admit
 ted into the schools only on sufferance and
 in others, they are altogether excluded. The
 consequence of tlus is, that they are as a class
 more ignorant and less useful than the major
 ity of their while fellow-citizens; and they
 are, it is probable, as vice is the necessary
 concomitant of ignorance, also more vicious.
 Who, again, is to blame for this* Not the I
 innocent victims of the inflicted ignorance,
 but those who inflict this ignorance upon
 them, it is tidiculous—it is cruelly unjust j
 first to force i goo ranee upon them, and then
 to taunt them with mfenurtty first to
 them vicious, and then to denounce them as
 wicked and unfit for political privileges, when
 oue of tfiptr number is guilty of a crime.
 That the African race, when posaemvd
 of equal advantages, are as cattily of im
 prove me men t as their more favored white
 brethren, a cloud of witnesses might bo
 produced to prove. The following extract
 from the examination of T, Jt. Thompson,
 K.*q. before a Select Commutes of the House
 of Commons, uu the Slave Trade, May 30th,
1818, mar be tiTcn as otnbonthi testi
 mony
 Wbat m the exte* to which you eoo
 &lt;»»e it poMtbii to introtkce colored or coun
 try-born British subjects bio the naval eervk*
 on the ooutjil Africa ?*V* I think it in only
 limited by the means to brinjr them for
 ward, because there ie an abundance of them.
 That they would be (but»4 qualified I have not
 a doubt, if thejr were aofficieaUj educated
 and brought up fa r the ptrpoee.
 Then you would not ample to fo to sea
 in n British man of w» yoursdf,» which
 all, with the creep*ini lemubly of few of
 the leading officer*, wen colored subjects!”
 I would not hesitate at all; 1 conceive
 that they are capable of being brought for
 ward for any purpose that we mny require/*
 44 Then you have not formed any opinion
 of an; inferiority existing in the colored man,
 in anv of hie gradations, to the European!”
 No; I think that be is capable of ruing
 to almost any point in crrilizaiion; we may
 judge from the people in the interior of Af
 rica, who are essentially negro, and hare
 wise institutions; they ha ve shown that if
 they had more frequent communication with
 civilized nations, they might have tiaen to
 the highest point of civilization.”
 44 Then you believe that the pore negro
 from the intenor, b endowed with the same
 faculties of progression, as the European
 44 1 have come to that conclusion, after
 looking at the subject carefully/*
 One such statement will more than out
 weigh a thousand and one metaphysical spe
 culations.—j. n.
 The HuteMeaoui.
 The reception given to thb glorious 44 nest
 of singers*’ by the citizens of Goncord, at
 their concert last week, showed that, not
 withstanding the many 44 singiug families”
 which have sprung up to divide the popular
 favor, the Ilotchinsons are still first in the
 hearts of all lovers of the true poetry of mu
 sic. They never had a better house, or a
 more enthusiastic reception than on their last
 visit, notwithstanding the croak mgs of a few
 thin-skinned, thick-skulled parttzam, who
 can't boar anything, just now, that savors of
 freedom. Tiie people, thank heaven, howev
 er, have no such instinct of slavery. They
 like that music which is free, and whose free
 strains are breathed in free words, from free,
 wann hearts. Such is the music of the
 Hutcbinsone. Long utay it he heard u&gt; cheer
 the spirits and strengthen the bands of the
 friends of freedom. —Concord l)cm.
 ID 3 Our readers will be glad to learn that
 the Hutchinsons are now 7 on their way west,
 and may be expected in this city in the course
 of a few days. The citizens of Rochester
 will give them a hearty welcome. With the
 exception of here and there a Hunker,
 they 44 like that music which is free—whose
 strains are breathed from free, warm hearts.”
 The Hutchinsons have done and are doing a
 great work in behalf of the downtrodden—for
 the cause of Free Mon, Free Soil, and Free
 Speech. They propose in the present tour
 to visit Buffalo, Cleveland, Oberlin, Detroit,
 Chicago, Cincinnati, and the principal towns
 on the Western Reserve.
 The Peace Convention which was pro
 posed to be held at Paris,; it ie now intended
 in consequence of the sta|e of things in that
 city, to hold at Brussels/ A letter from Eli
 hu Burnt says 1 found it would be called
 in spite of us, an English political demonstra
 tion in Paris, to strengthen the French Gov
 ernment against the French People.”
 A Victory.—The city of Alton, 111., in
 which Lovejoy was mobbed and murdered for
 his defence and advocacy of the cause of the
 slave, has given two hundred and eighty-two
 majority for Freedom and Free Soil.
 Rev Henry M. Wilson, Minhtir of the
 Immanuel Church. N. Y., has written a letter
 to the editor of the R »m's Horn, in which he
 certifies to the good character borne by Prior
 Foster, of the WooJstock Manual Labor
 Institute. He says nothing new, however,
 nor does he attempt, either on his own or
 Mr. Fostei’s authority, to answer the
 charges made in the North Star. Will Mr.
 Foster reply to those charges, or is he content
 to remain under the imputation of dishonesty!
 The 44 full convictions” of Mr. Wilson, or
 of any one else, are nq proof in favor of
 Prior Foster. He cannot now be allowed to
 pass muster on such slender grounds. Until
 a full and satisfactory explanation is given,
 Mr. Foster cannot blame those who think that
 he has used money collected by him for other
 purposes than those for which it was given.
 His explanation will with much pleasure be
 published in the North Star.-—j. d.
 Illness of Mr. Phillips.
 Many of our readers are aware of the se
 vere and dangerous illness which has recently
 threatened the life of Wendell Phillips, and
 all will be rejoiced to hear that its violence is
 abated, and his condition now considered safe
 if no unfoitunate change takes place. He
 was spending the summer at the house of
 Loring Moody, when he was seized with the
 epidemic dysentery, which has been so fatal
 along the coast and in other places this sea
 son. For ten day* or a fortnight hisease was
 of the most critical kind, and his danger most
 imminent.
 Nothing but the most assiduous care which
 strong affection only can produce, could have
 saved him. Such care he had, and by its
 means we trust that a life so valuable and so
 dear is to be given yet longer to the hearts of
 his friends and to the hopes of humanity.—
 Liberator.
 The Church Militant—What a privi
 lege it is to have an established Church
 People in this couutry cannot appreciate the
 blessedness of paying church rales to an over
 led and bloated rector or bishop, whom they
 never saw. Those who have lived in Eng
 land, especially if amongst dissenters (rum the
 established form of faith, can bear testimony
 to the pleasure they have seeo expressed on
 their friend’s countenance when called upon
 for a half-year's church rates. How readily
 the $15,00 or $20,00 were forthcoming
 Really, dear John Bull, we pray most fer
 vently fpt your speedy deliverance front the
 load of that nightmare. The London Pa
 triot gives an instance of clerical rapacity and
 injustice, the like of which it is to be hoped,
 for the sake of our coin moo humanity, is but
 rarely perpetrated, even by a lucre-loving
 priesthood.
 Church Spoliation.— The Rev. F. W.
 Fraser, pastor of the Baptist Church, Regent
 ■ireet, Lambeth, has just been robbed by the
 ecclesiastical authorities of h chair, which
 coat him £4, to cover a rate of 12s. for the
 new churches, Lambeth. The expenses
 wire as follows: Rate, 12a.; expenses, 3s.
 4d.; levy and man, sa. 6d,; auctioneer’s com
 mission and cart hire, 3s total, 3s. lOd.
 The chair was sold for 3s.
 I have heard some in thb country, who I
 suspect, are sot quite certain of their where
 abouts, speak favorably of a.Sule guardianship
 of religion. Would you Uke to have it oome to
 thb, friends ?—j. o.
 Every time a nun laughs he adds to the du*
 rsiiofl of hb life.— Sterne.
ftenttocftrt Free-Tk Uiioi W—M
 We find in on of oar exchanges the fol
 lowing fctfor from Leslie Coomb*, Keniwky
 Whig, ki reply to in in r Ration Iff peak
 Chill icathe.
 Lxxworox, Aug. Mi 184®.
 Gentlemen Your* of the *6«h »*roceked.
 I mi much urged to go to Indiana, u well ai
 to Now York, but I wUh to bt wUk you, and
 I think I will, on th« 6th.
 From thence I go to New York, Ac. My
 judgment is, that if we do not now succeed,
 the experiment of free government has foiled.
 If Cam be elected, we shall hare corruption
 of the basest kind, and war and blood. If Van
 Bureo sueeeod, the Umom wsif bodiomUmi,
 and aril war, and anarchy, and despotism fol
 low. God deliver os from both! We can
 and will succeed, if we do our duty. I ufill
 do mi nr, and if I had a voice aa loud as rat
 tling thunder, I would wake op the people
 (rum Maine to Texas.
 Yours tmlv,
 LESLIE COOMBS.
 Pity it is this writer has not a better cause.
 How this nation will be honored by the elec
 tion of General Taylor for President f What
 a sacred daty it is to labor for the election of
 a manstealing slaveholder to that high office
 If the t’nion were to be dissolved to-morrow,
 who would be the losers? Not the North
 for the slavrpower has contrived, bit by hit,
 compromise after compromise, so to manage
 matters that the North has little mare than a
 ehadow of a share left in the government of
 the nation. The nature of slavery jn to en
 croach. As long as there is anything to be
 gained, it never will be satisfied. Yes: dis
 solve the Union What do freemen want
 with slavery and slave States! They want
 no share of either the sin, or the shame, or
 the profit of the abominable system. Dis
 solve the Union! Yes! welcome will bo the
 day that the dissolution is consummated. It is
 perhaps not the only nor the best way by
 which to accomplish the deliverance of the
 3,000,000 crushed and bleeding in bonds; but
 Northern freemen, come what may, will not
 much longer consent to be the bloodhounds
 and watch-dogs of a slaveholding oligarchy.
 This threat has lost its terrors !—j d.
 Senator Foote and Abolitionism.
 It would appear from the following epistle,
 addressed to the editor of the Prisoners’
 Friend, by the would-be hangman-Senator,
 that at all events he is opposed to capital pun
 ishments, when inflicted where he does not
 himself officiate. Well, that is one step in
 progress. Perhaps he will by and by discover
 that the title of Jack Ketch does not add much
 to his respectability, and be willing to “throw
 up his commission.”
 Senate Chamber, July 20, 1843.
 Dear Sir:—When I formed my acquaint
 ance with you here, I was impressed most
 favorably by your demeanor and conversation.
 Several weeks ago, (I think in your second
 number received by rue,) I discovered some
 tokens of the Abolition spirit, which so dis
 satisfied me that 1 wrote you a letter, enclos
 ing the offensive paper, and requested you to
 send no other number of the same. I reflected
 upon the philanthropic object of your paper,
 and determined to tear up the letter, and wait
 for fun her developments! The nnmbcr just
 leceived satisfies me that I cannot longer, as
 a Southern Senator, continue to take the
 Prisoners' Friend. I beg leave, therefore, to
 return the numlier now transmitted, with the
 assurance that my conduct is dictated by no
 personal ill-will. Be kind enough to send
 your account for the numbers heretofore re
 ceived. I will pay it promptly.
 In great haste, t beg the honor to be, &amp;e.
 H. S. FOOTE.
 To the Editor of the Prisoner's Friend, Bos
 ton, Mass.
 On the outside of the letter was the follow
 ing, written in a bold hand
 When I recognize Franklin as an abolition
 ist in the present odious sense of the word, I
 shall cease to respect him.
 11. S. FOOTE.
 Christian Slaveholders t
 Is it possible No, it is not. The follow
 ing extract from the Utica Christian Contrib
 utor would give us to understand that a man
 may at one and the same time be a Christian
 and a slaveholder. Sorry indeed should we
 be to entertain such a low estimate of Chris
 tianity. It does not appear to ua more para
 doxical or absurd to speak of a pious devil or
 an honest rogue, than it doe* to speak of a
 Christian slaveholder. Our present object,
 however, is not to argue this question, but
 simply to show', on the authority of the Con
 tributor, to what an extent slavery is sustained
 and practised by the different religious denom
 inations—especially by the Methodists, Bap
 tists and Presbyterians. Ichabod!
 Christians and Slavery.—A published
 calculation (how accurate we do not know)
 stales that 250,000 slaves are held by Meth
 odists, 226,000 by Baptists, and 80,000 by
 Presbyterians. Add 45,000 to all other de
 nominations, and you have 600,000 slaves
 held by religious men. The average number
 to each may be about ten, which will give us
 60,000 religious men holding slaves. What
 ought these religious slaveholders to do
 Some will say, immediately, and at all haz
 ards, Emancipate their slaves. Others will
 any, Go to work immediately, and with earn
 estness, as citizens of the country, to procure
 the rep al of the laws. Others will cay,
 Commence immediately and sincerely the
 work of giving instruction to the slaves, to
 prepare them for freedom. But will any in
 telligent Christian say that these 600,000
 slaveholders are discharging their duty, while
 eating and wasting ibe earnings of their
 slaves, aud making no effort in auy way to
 give them their freedom
 Since the above was written, we see that
 the National Era estimates all the riavehold-:
 era in the United States at 250,000, which
 would give about the same proportion, be
 tween slaves and slaveholders as the above
 calculation. Think of the immense mischief
 which these 250,000 slaveholders are doing in
 the midst of a population of 20,000,000!
 ID* The Blackstone Chronicle, a beauti
 fully printed and ably edited paper, has been
 discontinued for want of palionage. Wcare
 sorry, for it was one of our best exchanges.!
 The editor has a long, well-written valedic-j
 tory, which lie closes with the following pithy
 hints to printers:
 To ail printers I have a word of advice,
 and it shall be given with aa unction. If you
 are asked to start a newspaper, don't rely on
 verbal promises to obtain subscribers. Calcu
 fota all the expenses of the enterprise, omit
 ting no items that you can think of, aud then
 multiply the aggregate by two. Then esti-
 mate the probable income, setting down each!
 item at the lowest point that may be named;
 by the most esutious of all your friends. Di-!
 vide the aggregate by two, and if the latter
 product equals the first, go ahead otherwise
 have no inure to do with the project than you 1
 would with the small pox or the cholera. If!
 my experieoee will enable me to keep others
 from burning their fingers, I shall not be left
 wholly without cunsolatioo.”
 Hz' H«n. Frederick Hobmsoo has been
 nominated by the Hunkers of the 4th District
 of Massachusetts now so ably represented by i
 Mr. Palfrey. r f
 i
Liberia ul the Slnretmdr.
 The e&lt;htor of the Nnw York Day Book
 has published several articles on Liberia and
 Coloniaanon, from which extracts relating to
 j the Retr. J. B. Pinney were made io a recent
 number of the North Star. These articles
 also furnish startling evidence of the fact that
 the officers and agents of the colony have
 been deeply implicated in the slave trade.—
 True, it is some time since the occurrence of
 the events which he relates; but up to the
 present day, there is no evidence to show that
 either the spirit or the practice of those con
 cerned in that alfiur, are in any material de
 gree improved. The revelations here made
 are neither worse nor better than might have
 been expected from a society, some of whose
 most prominent men are slaveholders. Says
 the editor of the Day Book
 ‘•The public will bo impressed with the
 fact, that a prominent member of the Baptist
 denomination in Liberia, was openly eng.iged
 in the slavctrade, was in the employ of r» dro
 I Bianco in 1837, and that this business was
 frcclv tolerated in Liberia, without censure or
 question from ain body, at the very time when
 the Colonization agents in this country were
 demanding money from the deceived benevo
 lent public, on the ground that the Colony of
 Liberia was the most efficient means for the
 suppression of the African slavctrade All
 tbw is admitted, and if it were denied, it could
 habmsly proved.
 ■MMr of the delegation, Payne, states
 thwpß was not engaged in the slave trade at
 any 4me, and was not at New Sweaters in
 1639. This is probably true, and he may be
 exonerated from this particular charge. But
 in correcting the Day Book’s crroi, why did
 he not go on and show that it was his brother
 that was in the employ of the siavetraders at
 New Sesters? This Mr. Payne’s brother, a
 little younger than he, and very strongly re
 sembling hun in appearance, did, with the
 knowledge and approval of his relatives, en
 gage as an auxiliary to the slavctrade, and
 was at New Sesters at the time specified.—
 His mother’s house was the regular stopping
 place for the Spanish and Portuguese slave
 traders when they visited Monrovia,who were
 i in fact the principal support of the family.—
 If this Mr. Payne inherited, or even received
 any money from his mother, he must have
 partaken of the profits of the slavetrade.
 The editor of the Day Book not being suffi
 ciently familiar with the initials of the two
 Paynes, had supposed that the brother whom
 he knew at New Sesters was the person sub
 sequently ordained as pastor. They were
 both very good young men, nephews of the
 pastor of the Baptist church, and most of ihe
 family were quite religious, according to the
 Liberian standard.
 But now, will Mr. Pavne, or any of the
 agents of the Colonization Society, who know
 anything about the facts, venture to say that
 church members in Liberia did not, at that
 time, freely aid and promote the slavctrade
 whenever they could find cmploytne .t from
 the siavetraders? Will they contend tint it
 was considered immoral or improper to do so,
 or that there could have been any church cen
 sure applied to a communicant who subsisted
 entirely upon *he money made by him in the
 slavetrade? There wes never a word of cm
 sure uttered by any Liberian against those thus
 employed. The pastor of the Baptist church
 at that time, the Rev. Colin Teage, (uncle of
 Mr. P avne,) was employed at the same time
 j with John N. Lewis, to store cargoes for
 I Pedro Blanco. His storehouse was also a
 depot for siavetraders, and he received plenty
 j of money from Blanco without hesitation.—
 There were dozens and scores of Liberian
 Christians actively and joyfully engagtd in
 the slave trade, without any more compunc
 tion than they would have felt about the palm
 oil trade.
 It is a notorious fact in Africa, that the
 colony of Liberia was for two years an im
 portant auxiliary to the slavctrade, and that
 Ihe facilities and conveniencics of the sla
 vers were vastly increased by it. The Span
 1 ish and Portuguese siavetraders were al-j
 ways heartily welcomed, and were ihe most
 popular men that ever visited Liberia.
 Their company was considered a great
 honor and favor, and all were eager for their
 notice.
 It should be know n, too, by ihe people of
 this country, that the Liberian colonists them
 selves freely bought and owned slaves at that
 time, and undoubtedly soM them to their .Span
 ish and Portuguese visitors when they could
 get a go*xl price in doubloons for thorn, espe
 cially in the starving times so often occurring
 there. Of the latter point, however, the w ri
 ter has no posiiive proof. Of the fact that the
 colonists (professed Christians) bought and
 held slaves without scruple, there can be no
 denial by any man of truth who has lived in
 Liberia, and become familiar with the cus
 toms, morals and habits of the people there.
 The editor of the Day Book was advised and
 strongly urged by a prominent and most re
 spectable and religious Liberian, high in office,
 to purchase two slaves for his household, on
 account of the difficulty of retaining free na
 tives for any considerable length of lime in one
 steady employment.”
 The Dr. also accuses President Roberts
 of having been connected with tho slavetrade
 while, residing in Liberia. To this Roberts
 replies:
 Bacon accuses me of being employed in
 1937, as the agent, employee and factor of
 Pedro Blanco, the greatest aiavetrader on the
 coast,and that I was employed by him, Blanco,
 to purchase vessels in Sierre Leone to be used
 as slavers.
 Now, sir, to be short, 1 emphatically do-!
 elare that I never saw or corresponded with
 Pedro Blanco in my life. I have never been
 employed at any time by him or any other
 slaver, either directly or indirectly, as an
 agent, employee or factor, or in any oihei way
 during my residence in Africa.”
 To this defence Dr. Bacon thus responds:
 He says he never corresponded with Pe
 dro Blanco in his life. Uundouhtedly true.
 he never saw him. If by corresponding, he
 means that he never wrote a letter to him, or
 received one from him, that rnay be true also.
 But there arc other ways of corresponding
 than by writing. It is very evident that a
 letter from Pedro Blanco, who knew only the
 Spanish language, could not have been read
 by Joe Roberts, who knew no language but
 the English and a letter to the latter would
 be equally unintelligible!* the former. Their
 transactions, therefore, must have been earned
 on through some medium which the Gov
 ernor docs not suppose to be included!
 under the terra ‘‘correspondence.” There'
 were some very peculiar and forcible rea
 sons why he never taw or cone*(»onded with
 Pedio Blanco, who never visited any place on
 the whole coast except Galinhas, where was
 the center of bis business and where hw power
 uas irresistible. Joe Roberts could not nsk
 himself at any such place, or put Mroself in
 the power of the Spaniards on that coast, on
 account of a certain affair in which he had
 been engaged several years previous to the
 lime referred to, as will be hereafter explained.
 Still, these two worthies became necessary to
 each other s advantage, and found means to
 communicate and traffic without seeing each
 other or writing letters.
 Now to be short'—in the year 1637
 Joseph J. Roberts (alias ‘‘Governor Roberts,”
 President Roberts”) went from Mon
 twvia (Liberia) to Sierra Leone, and there,
 without money or credit of his own, bought a!
 large schouiu r which had becu captured from
 the siavetraders by the British cruizers, and
 condemned by the mixed commission Court as
 a slaver, pursuant to w hich condemnation the j
 xem ?y Wa at auction, according to the
 provisions of the British treaties for the sup- j
 prrsstoo of the slavetrade. 'Phis same Rah-;
 t-rls went to Sierra Leone, iu company with,
 John N. L ‘«ris, (now Secretary &lt;*f the C’ol
 frfiy, and now in this city at one of the del-
rgation Cmm Liberia,”) who, it is confessed,
 was an sgri.t, employee and storekeeper of
 Pedro Blanco. The purchased schooner was
 christened by the nominal purchasers, by the
 hopeful appellation of the Monrovia,” out
 of compliment to the chief Tillage of that
 Coiooy, which was founded and supported by
 the amiable Colon isationists of the Cm ted
 States, for the purpose, amone others, of sup
 pressing the slavelrade. The Monrovia lay at
 anchor in the road-stead of Monrovia for a
 few weeks, entirely unemployed, and utterly
 useless to the seeming owner,who had neither
 busioess sufficient to employ a vessel of that
 size, nor the capital, nor the credit to make
 business of such an amount. Hs never pos
 sessed in his life money enough to buy half of
 such a Tessc!, nor merchandize enough to fill
 the half.
 Hut the Monrovia did not lay idle Tory long.
 About the beginning of July, the brig Ivan
 hoe, brought from Galmhas to Monrovia, T.
 Rodriguez Huron, heretofore described as the
 principal factor and agent of I’edro Blanco.-
 Establishing himself in the house and in the
 storehouse of John X. Lewis, he soon took
 possession of the schooner Monrovia, also
 with very liitle ceremony, and sent her off to
 Galinhas. whence she w as almost immediately
 sent to. Havana, crowded with miserable
 slaves destined to be worked and whipped to
 death on the sugar plantations of Cuba. Of
 course to spare the feelings of the Coloniaa-
 Uonists and other friends of the slave,” and
 enemies of slavery and the slave trade, tho
 beautiful but inappropriate name of the “Mon
 rovia” w as taken from the schooner wbensho
 was taken from the keeping of her nominal
 owncr into the service of her real owner. Of
 course, the Governor,” or President” of
 Liberia will say that he sold the Monrovia to
 T. R. Buron. Undoubtedly that was tho
 form of the transaction. Senor Huron told
 the writer of this article that ho had bought
 her. Hut the ysung Senor was no more able
 to buy such a vessel fur himself than tho
 Governor” was. He was merely Bianco'*
 factor, agent, and representative; so that
 there was no danger that the writer would
 misunderstand him. Senor Bun&gt;n did not
 generally make the writer his particular con
 tidant in regard to his transactions at Monro
 via with Joseph J. Huberts and John X. Lewis,
 though his business with the latter was no
 secret. It happened that the captain of tho
 brig Invanhoe (of which T. R. Huron was
 acting supercargo at that time) was violently
 attacked with the African fever on board of
 his vessel then at anchor in the port of Mon
 rovia. and the writer of course, was called to
 attend him professionally, which he did, taking
 along Senot Buron with him in his boat.—
 After attending to the sick man and leaving
 the brig to return to the village, the writer
 was requested by Senor Buron to order the
 boat's crew to pull alongside of schooner
 Monrovia, which lay not far olf, as he wished
 to give some directions to the captain (a mu
 latto Liberian named Cooper) and to Teprovo
 him for the negligent manner in w hich tho
 rigging of the vessel was left. The writer
 readily complied, without exactly understand
 ing the relations of his Spanish companion to»
 the Liberian vessel, and tho latter probably
 noticing the surprise involuntarily manifested,
 at once said in explanation—“ She is mine.”
 Indeed Yes—l have bought her.”—-
 As soon as the boat came w ithin hailing dis
 tance, tho Senor gave his orders to the captain
 accompanied with some sharp rebuke for Ins
 carelessness, all which was humbly taken by:
 ihe Liberian, and tho orders were submissive
 ly obeyed. This was the first occasion on
 which the writer knew that the transfer of the
 vessel front Huberts to Illanco had aeri ally
 taken place, though it was afterwards familiar
 ly known iii the colony and talked of without
 a word of ceusure from anybody.
 It will he seen what eminent services were
 m this way rendered to the s ave traders by
 such men as Govt rnor” Roberts, him! w hat
 peculiar facilities for carying oil the slave
 trade were furnish'd by the C'olonv of Libe
 ria. \Y hen the captured slave v« sscl» wertr
 sold in Shire Leone, id ways at a bargain,
 the Spaniards themselves could not go there
 to bid for them. Neither could BlancoV
 English ag&lt; lit at S’crn: Ixouc do it without
 detection in an offence puntshahle by the
 British laws. But he c» uld furnish the money
 to pay for them w hen Governor Roberts’’
 became the nominal purchaser. The vcsaell
 could then leave SierTe Intone under Ameri
 can or Liberian colors, and could be transfer
 red to the real purchasers in a place (then),
 under the jurisdiction of the American Coloni
 zation Society without rendering any body
 liable to punishment or even to exposure un
 der ordinary circumstances.
 'Hits one instance is enough to show the*
 relation of Governor” Roberts to the Slave'
 Hade. When he has made his answer 10 this
 distinct, specific, ami detailed charge, it will
 be time to look farther into his commercial
 history, to expose more completely the dishon
 esty of the Colonizationists, in declaring that
 the Colony operates for the suppression or
 discouragement of the Slave trade.
 So much for Liberia and its Agents. That
 man must be mote than usually simple and
 credulous, who can place any confidence in.
 ■nen and measures that have been thus tried
 and found wanting. As a means, as it is po
 litely called, of improving the condition of
 the colored race,” or in'plain terms, ridding
 the country of Africans, the scheme, it is suf
 ficiently evident, is utterly abortive. Thank
 Heaven, that wickedness it is not within the
 power of the Colonization Society to perpe
 trate. They havo managed, as their official
 reports state, to transport during the last year,
 just 110. How many years, at that rate,
 would it take to tiarisport 3,500,000* Th&lt;*
 yearly increase is of course many times 410.
 The whole scheme is hollow, hypocritical,
 and valueless. It is worse than that; it is, as
 I have before asserted, a scheme for the bene
 fit of slaveholders—got op and fostered with
 a view expressly to thoir advantage. There
 is land enough and to spare in this vast conti
 nent, w hich is w aiting for the plough; why
 try to send Americans from the land of their
 birth to seek a home on the sickly shores of
 Liberia *—-j. d.
 A Modern anniii.u,—“ Do you see that
 fellow lounging there, doing nothing aaid
 Owens to Jenks, the other day. liow doe*
 he live* by his wits?” Ob, no he's
 cannibal!” “A cannibal!’’ Yes, a can
 nibal—he licet on other people
 The Great West. —A gentleman who
 has lately travelled extensively in tins South
 western States, stated at a public meeting the
 oilier day, that to his knowledge, there was
 not a single bookstore in all the State of Ar
 kansas.
 Emigrants ihe number of emigrants
 arriving and stopping in the city of Toronto
 during the pa*t year was upwards of 30,000.
 Ihe whole population of the city is only
 *24,000. 7 7
 Gen. Taylor's Pledges —An A 1 abama
 correspondent the Albany Atlas writes
 Ihe 1 aylor candidate for elector in this
 district declared the other day, in a public
 discussion in this county, (Green,) that the
 people of the Sooth had THREE HI M
 DRED PLEDGES—alluding to Gun. Tay*
 lor a negroes—that he would veto the Wilawt
 Proviso.
 11/ Mr. Benjamin, one of tho Mg
 electors for the State of I j«u«i»na, affirmed
 m a speech at Baton Rouge, Geo. Taylui a
 own residence, that the old General was "ml
 right" upon the slavery question, adding, I
 can assure my fellow-citizens here, that lay*
 lor will promptly veto anything like the Wil
 root Proviso. The interests of the South an
 sale in his hands.*’
 JO* The Indian Insurrection U Yucatan in
 neatly at an cud.
"
