"I* etr nnmp"fctre Free !*ol! fttntc
 onvmtion.
 Of this Convention, the Omcord N. 11.
 Dem«v'-at an»l Freeman bits
 The Free Soil State Convention, held in
 thu town last week, was the largest and most
 enthusiastic Convention that has assembled
 hem for years. It was emphatically a gath
 ering of the people. Every part of the Rep
 resentatives' Hall, floor, galleries ami all,
 were crowded to overflowing through the en
 ure day. It waa a gathering of men—true,
 earnest men, who felt that great pun
 ciple* were at stake, in the establishment or
 overthrow of which arc involved the dearest
 Interest* of their country and of their race.
 We have attended many State Conventions;
 hut never one breathing a better spirit or made
 up of stronger and better men among whom
 were not a few, who have always heretofore
 acted with the old defunct parties w hich now
 contain Casa and Taylor.
 Hon. John P Hale was called for from all
 part* of the hall, and as he stepped upon the
 platform was welcomed with the most enthu
 maatic applaud. Mr, Hale M reused the
 Convention fin an hour and a half with even
 more than his usual ability, and with great ef
 tX}ic said he did not come there to speak
 to Whigs or Democrats —a* such —hut
 to Brn ami women, not to politician*. He
 address'd himself to men whom God had
 made. Whigs and Democrats being manu
 factured bv other hands and elsewhere, lie
 then took a brief review of the political ques
 tion* w hich hail formerly occupied the atten
 tion of the people —the sub-treasury, the bank,
 the tariff, for instance —and demanded to know
 how, or in what degree, the people of he*
 Hampshire had been affected by their sett le
 nient the one way or the oilier. (Much
 cheering.) No one could tell what bearing
 those former great questions had bad upon
 their business or their interest, unless it were
 the coterie of office-seekers —that set which
 for thirty years pa.-t m New Hampshire, had
 ever been willing to serve tlie State, tor tne
 sake of the salaries. To them, indeed, the
 question* might have been of moment. Hut
 to the people generally they were of none at
 all.
 But there is now, Mr. Hale said, a question
 of vast and surpassing moment before the
 whole people a question w hich comes home
 to every man’s individual responsibility, a
 question on which every man is called on to
 vote within the next sixty days. It is the
 question whether slavery shall he permitted to
 extend itself overall our conquered territories,
 or whether it shall l&gt;e confined within its pres
 ent limits. And we arc now in a strange
 state of things. Everybody in New England
 and all the North is now in favor of Free Soil.
 And in New Hampshire every body, of what
 ever party, pravs for, writes for and talks for
 Free Soil. Hut can they be depended upon 7
 Are they sincere! Mr. Hale said he must
 confess that he could noi credit both the intel
 ligence and the integrity of many of these gen
 th-men —because, while they piotessed to be
 wholly devoted to the cause ol 1 ree ftoil,
 limr action was diametrically opposed to their
 profession.
 Mr. Hale went on to trace the importance
 of this question upon the intcrc.'-ls ot the mil
 lions who arc to inherit those vast regions of
 now unsettled territory, and concluded by ex
 pressing luk deep sorrow at the delinquency
 of the professed church of (Jod here at the
 North on this great sin of human slavery, ll
 the church would withdraw Christian fellow
 ship from the slaveludders of the .South—and
 her members, in consistency with their pray
 ers for the coining of Christ's Kingdom, cease
 \oinig lor men who are laboring with all their
 might for the en itimionce of slavery, they
 would exert a great influence for its over
 throw.
 Resolutions were passed, adopting the Buf
 fdo Platform and nominees. i lie Hutcliin
 soiis were present, and at dillerent limes du
 ring the Convention, enlivened the proceed
 ing', and warmed the hearts ol those present
 with their spirit-stirring melody.
 A Free Soil Convention of the Eighth
 District ol Massachusetts, ass unbled at Ded
 ham on Tuesday, Sept. l'Jtli, to nominate a
 Representative for the District in Congress,
 'rite Hon. lloaxeii Mann was nominated for
 re-election. The following are the resolutions
 passed in reference to that nomination
 Resolved, That this Convention entertain
 the fullest confidence in the integrity and
 ability of the present Representative of this
 District in Congress; and as wo believe him
 to ire sound and true on the now paramount
 question ol the extension ol slavery, and have
 entire faith in his sagacity to perceive, his
 courage to oppose, and Ins eloquence to illus
 trate lire enormous moral evils of that institu
 tion, and the intolerable political encroach
 ments ot .the slave power 1 licrefore, we
 unanimously nominate the Hon. Horace Mann
 to the voters of the Eighth Congressional
 District, as a candidate for re-election.
 Resolved, That this Free Soil Convention
 doe* not select Mr. Mann as the exponent ol
 its opinions because of the support awarded
 him by the Whig party, but in spite of it;
 nor because of his present undefined posiiiou
 with reference to the Presidential candidates,
 hut tn spite of it; being convinced that, hold
 ing the principles and sentiments proclaimed
 in his recent speech in Congress, and of hi?
 more recent letter to bis constituents, as well
 upon the vast subject of human bondage, as
 upoa the constitutionality of abolishing it in
 the District of Columbia, and elsewhere—he
 must and can only be found heartily co-opera
 ting with us, in the pending struggle between
 the antagonistic forces ot Frccdom and Sla
 very.
 Resolved, That apart from these demon
 strations, and others, which might be enu
 merated, we may safely deem the fact of a
 past life devoted to the highest interests ol
 humanity, as furnishing no mean pledge ol
 the sincerity and earnestness of Mr. Mann’s
 anti-slavery convictions; and that in view ol
 all, we are left no room to doubt that he is
 with us, and of us, and for us,*’ on the
 right side of that broad line of principle!
 winch separates, at a like distance, the sup
 porters of Cass and Taylor from those of Var
 Huron and Adams.
 V*n Ik'ren in Alabama. —The New
 York Post publishes a letter from Gainsviile
 Alabama, inviting John Van Huron to a pub
 lie dinner in that town, and expressing a de
 termination on iho part of the writer to organ
 ize a Free Soil party tn Alabama.
 F RbE Soil in Washington.—The N. Y
 Comtneirul of Thusday evening, says **W«
 have a long letter from Washington, describ
 rng the preliminary steps taken for lire forma
 lion «d a Free S :Jl puiy at Washington.—
 Mr. Hlair, the ex-official editor, is at the heat
 of the movement.*’
 Free .Soil in New Jkrsey.— A Fret
 fSoil Stale °**V‘ aiiun m»-t at Trenton on Sal
 unlay, a r i I notiiiitaied lecture at laryo* Join
 an Huron and otU r diMuiguiblmd speaker)
 addressed the Convention,
 Free Soil in Pi NNsvLVAMA.-The North
 eru counties ol 1 crtasyivaiaa (sas-the N. Y.
 Five. Post) are in abloz- ol Ireodorn. Mr.
 Wilmot is on the stump, m l doing
 vice lor the 'cause. Large and enthusiastic
 in ‘Cling* have r ■eenily been held 'lVoy.
 Willardsburglr, and Tonawaiida, Hradford cm
 The one at Toaaw.iuJa was attended by at
 least 3,000 people.
 lIJ* The lymisvtlle Journal *»*yi» tint tin
 H i -k t ouuly Democrat,Janesville,\\ loeoiituu
 ln-&gt; repudiated &lt;-aas, ami come &lt;mt lor ai
 Huron, and that the editor, in announcing tffi
 change, te n irks that the desertions from
 Caw m that region are so numerous, that the
 parly hail b Uer abandon him.
 A 1' iiu; Soil Mi*-* Meeting was held ai
 Wampuat. Wisconsin, o;r Thursday the bill
 mst., st wtiich i iluiion- were pitied m favor
 of the HuflV.o pi itform.
V.xAio r. TkMtai Free f*oU.
 The following *a the letter from Hon.
 Francis Thomas, Ex-Goven»or of Maryland,
 to which we referred in yesterdiy’s paper,
 ll will be seen that it was addre*«*d to the
 (’.nominee of Correspondence, aod of cmiree
 it would have been read before the recent
 Convention at fnioo Hall, had it been re
 ceived in time. Coming from such s source,
 at this extraordinary junctute of political
 affairs, H will doubtless be perused w ith tn
 t. re*t bv all classes of readers. We therefore
 place it on record, a* a part of the history of
 the times.—( Baltimore .Sun.
 Alleghany Cob* tt, August *26,1848.
 Gentlemen Your letter, dated the !9ih of
 this month, inviting me to he present at a
 Mass Slate Convention, st Union Hall,” in
 the citv of Baltimore, on Wednesday next,
 has been forwarded from my house in
 Frederick to mv temporary residence in this
 county, where 1 have been detained for more
 than a month past in attending to private
 business.
 From your letter, I learn that the principal
 object of"the pmiKJsrd convention will be the
 formation of an electoral ticket, to be voted
 for by the people of Maryland, favorable to
 tire election of Van Buren for the Presidency.
 1 have not particq»ated in the proceedings of
 any political meeting, large or small, since
 my canvass for the chief magistracy of Mary
 land closed, at a public meeting in the town
 of Cumberland, early in Uclobor, 1841. 1
 am, therefore, under no obligation, express or
 implied, to support or vote for either one of
 the nominees of the National Coavcntions
 held by the whig and democratic parties, rev
 pectively. Br ing free to make* choice of a
 candidate to be voted for from the three gen
 tlemen #ho hare been brought before the
 public through the agency of others, I shall
 most certainly, if I live, and can attend the
 I tolls, vote for that electoral ticket which
 shall stand pledged to vote for Mr. Van Buren
 for the Presidency, and Mr. Adams for the
 Vice-Presidency.
 Having neither leisure nor inclination at this
 time, to elaborate my reasons for this deter
 -Imi nation, I shall content myself with saying
 that I have great confidence in Mr. Nan
 Buren as a tried statesman, eminently qualified
 i fur the duties imposed by the Constitution on
 our Chief Magistrates, that in my opinion
 the whole country owe to him much lor his
 distinguished agency in giving proud predom
 inance to those great measures of public
 policy, to the success of yvhich my own po
 litical life was, in a very small sphere, devo
 ted; and that my preference for him arising
 ft out these considerations, instead of being
 diminished, is increased by the pledge he has
 given, to follow in the footsteps of those
 illustrious patriots and philanthropists, who,
 by adopting the Federal Constitution, that
 clothed Congress with power to prohibit the
 African Slave trade, signified, distinctly, their
 desire to have the farther extension of slavery
 arrested, and who, by adopting the celebrated
 Ordinance of 1787, forbidding the introduction
 of slavery into all the territory then held by
 the United States, set an example that ought
 to have been followed by their posterity.
 The opinions here indicated I have long
 entertain'd, and know of no reason why 1
 should not on this occasion give to them
 distinct utterance. —Indeed, so far from feeling
 any wish to conceal my opinions on this sub
 j |&lt;;ct, 1 know of no public question, to be
 1 decided in the approaching Presidential
 election, of so much moment as that particu
 larly involved in the nominations at Huffilo,
 or better calculated to awaken my decided
 preference for the electoral ticket you propose
 to have nominated.
 Seeing that 1 cannot attend the sittings of
 the Convention, to be held on Monday next,
 I mu.t be content with tendering my best
 wishes for success to your commendable
 purposes, and am, very respectfully, your
 fellow-citizen,
 FRANCIS THOMAS.
 Messrs. W. Gunnison, R. Gardiner, E. B.
 Cunningham, T. 11. Stanford, and J. E.
 Snodgrass. Committee, &amp;c.
 Candidates for Governor. Hamilton
 Fish, Whig; Reuben C. Walworth, Hunker;
 and John A. Dix, Barnburner, are the candi
 dates for -Governor of the State of New
 York. Of John A. Dix, the Tribune says;
 His influence and vote would have stopped
 Annexation. He had but to say,‘Gentlemen
 of the South! half Texas must be Ftee
 Soil,’ and he could have dictated his own
 terms. Unhappily, he allowed himself to he
 cajoled by Polk's unmeasured falsehoods. He
 must live long to retrieve that blunder. Un
 happily, he lived years before attempting to
 retrieve it. lie voted, indeed, lbr the Wilmot
 Proviso, and that was about all. His voice
 was never raised to warn his constituents
 against lire continual encroachments of the
 Slavery Propaganda until the 11th hour.—
 Even when the miscreant Foote ventured to
 tell a Senator of the United States that he
 would help hang him without judge or jury if
 he had him in Mississippi—and this for merely
 introducing a perfectly proper, unobjectionable
 and urgently necessary bill to protect private
 property in the District of Columbia from de
 struction by molts—Mr. Dix sat silent, utter
 ing no rebuke, evincing no indignant loath
 ing Even the Baltimore outrage on the
 representatives of the F'ree Democracr of
 New York, failed visibly to move him and
 he at last barely followed his friends in taking
 the stand which had become inevitable.”
 lO* The Worcester Spy says that in Marl
 boro’, out of fire hundred voters, not more
 than fifty can bo counted for Taylor and
 Cass.
 In Bad Odor.—Hon. Mr. o(
 this city, remarked on Saturday, that he could
 not pass a V” which he had, in a neighbor
 ing town, because the name of the President
 of the Bank happened to be Taylor. We
 should think that rather a Rough reception
 for the “Ready.” Chronotype.
 Consoling to Office-holders.—lt is
 rumored that a large number of Custom-house
 and other United States officers will soon be
 deposed from office for their political sins.—
 Persecution for opinion’s sake it seems is ont
 of the many virtues of the present day.
 ITF Hon. Joseph M. Root, the Representa
 tire from the Lonain (XXlst) District o!
 Ohio, has been nominated by the Whig* foi
 re-election to Congress. It will be remem
 bored that Mr, R. some time since wrote
 letter declaring his opposition to the elcctiot
 of Gen. Taylor.
 New York. —The Hunker State Conven
 tion of this State met at Syracuse on the 51l
 itist., and nominated without much opposition
 Reuben 11. Walworth, late Chancellor of tin
 State, for Governor, and Charles O'Connor
 of New York, for Lieut. Gov.
 ILF Go the lfith of August, Matarizis wai
 visited by a terrible hurricane, by which tin
 surrounding plantations were devastated, am
 several persons killed.
 Prospects in Illinois. The Chicago
 Democrat, a Cass and Butler paper, says **l
 cannot be denied that there is a oon&amp;iilerabh
 defection from the Democratic party in thn
 city, and that Gen. Casa will not receive tx
 large a majority as we have formerly given
 at Presidential elections.”
 Leaving Cass.—The Alton (111.) Monitor
 heretofore a ’a» paper, has abandoned th&lt;
 support of that g anile man, and hoisted th&lt;
 Free Soil flag.
 Charity. The Albany Kniekorbocke
 say* that a manufacturer of that etly, imtne
 d lately afte- the fire, sent in a donation to it it
 committee, which wm of course duly em
 blazoned forth by all tire paper*. So lar, s*
 g&lt;**d. But the very next Saturday night, hr
 deducted front his men’s wages the day thei
 lost in saving their furniture from the verj
 flame* that his donation was sent to to alle
 vrate
 ITPTiiP Providence Transcript has droppet
 Taylor and goes foi Van Buren and Adame
Torctgn Nttos.
The steamship Acadia, front Liverpool. 9th
 inst., arrived at B&gt;x*ton on Sunday morning.
 bringing Ixmdmi and Liverpool papers up to;
 date.
 ENOLAHD.
 Parliament was prorogued os Tuesday, fob
 inst. to the 2&gt;i of November. The following
 is the Qoeeo’s Speech on the occasion. It is
 more curious than interesting or instructive
 and is just about as usual with such produc
 tions—an attempt to find the most verlstne
 phraseology possible in which to say nothing.
 the queen’s speech.
 My Lords and Gentlemen, —I am happy
 to be able to rckmse you from the duties of a
 laborious and protracted session.
 Tbe act for the prevention of crime an-J
 outrage in IrelauJ, which received my assent!
 at the commencement of the session, was!
 attended by the most beneficial effects. The!
 open display of anus, intended for criminal i
 purposes, was checked the course of justice I
 w as no longer interrupted and several atroci-]
 ous murderers, who had spread terror through j
 the country, were apprehended, tried and
 convicted. j
 The distress in Ireland, consequent upon
 successive failures in tire production of hx*d,
 has been mitigated by the application of the
 law for thn relief of the poor, and by the
 amount of charitable contributions raised in
 other pacts of the United Kingdom.
 On lhaqßiyf Jutnd, organized Confederacies
 took advantage of the existing pressure to
 excite my subjects to tebellion. Hopes of
 plunder and confiscation were held out to
 tempt the distressed whilst the must vision
 ary prospects were exhibited to tbe ambitious.
 In this conjuncture I applied to your loyalty
 and wisdom for increased powers; and
 strengthened by your prompt concurrence,
 my Government was enabled to defeat iu a
 few days machinations which had been pre
 pared during many mouths. Tbe energy and
 decision shown by the Lord Lieutenant of
 Ireland in this emergency deserves my warm
 est approbation.
 In the midst of these difficulties, you have
 continued your labors for the improvement of
 the laws. The act for facilitating the sales
 of incumbered estates will, 1 think, gradually
 remove an evil of great magnitude in the
 social states of Ireland.
 The system of perpetual entails of lands,
 established in Scotland, produced very serious
 evils both to heirs of entail and to the com
 munity, and 1 have great satisfaction in seeing
 it amended upon principles which have long
 been found to operate beneficially iu this part
 of the United Kingdom.
 1 have given my cordial assent to the
 measures which have in view the improve
 ment of the public health, and I entertain an
 earnest hope that a foundation has been laid
 for continued advances in tins beneficial
 work.
 Gentlemen of the T fuuse of Commons —l
 thank you for the re. .mess with which you
 have granted us supplies necessary for the
 public service. 1 shall avail myself of every
 opportunity which the exigence of the State
 may allow for enforcing economy.
 My Lords and Gentlemen, —1 have renew
 ed, in a formal manner, my diplomatic rela
 tions with the Government of F’rance.—The
 good understanding between the two countries
 has continued wnhout the slightest interrup
 tion.
 Events of deep importance have disturbed
 the internal tranquility of many of tbe Slates
 of Europe, tnith in the north and in the south.
 These events have led to hostilities between
 neighboring countries.
 1 am employing :ny good offices, in concert
 with other friendly powers, to bring to an
 amicable settlement these Uilieronces, and I
 trust that our eiibrts may be successful.
 1 am rejoiced to think that an increasing
 sei.se of the value of peace encourages the
 hope that the nations ol Europe may con
 tinue in the enjoyment of us blessings.
 Amidst these convulsions, 1 have had the
 satisfaction ol being able to preserve peace
 for my own dominions, and to maintain our
 domestic tranquility. Tlte strength of our
 institutions having been tried and lias not
 been found wanting. I have studied to
 preserre the people committed to my charge
 in the enjoyment of that temperate freedom
 which they so justly value. My people, on
 their side, feel 100 s-nsibly the advantages of
 order and security to allow the promoters ol
 pillage and confusion any chauce of success
 in their w icked designs.
 1 acknowledge with grateful feelings the
 many marks of loyalty and attachment which
 I have received from all classes of my people,
 it is my earnest hope by cultivating that res
 pect to the law and obedience to Lite precepts
 of religion, the liberties of the people may,
 by the blessing of Almighty God, be per
 petuated.
 Then the Lord Chancellor, by her Majesty’s
 command, said—
 My Lords and Gentlemen —lt is her Maj
 esty's royal will and pleasure that this Parlia
 ment be prorogued to Thursday, the 3d day
 of November next, to be then here holden
 and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued
 to Thursday, the 2d day of November next.
 Arrests of chartists continue to take place.
 Twenty-eight have been arrested at Ashton
 and two in the city of Manchester.
 IRELAND.
 Ireland continues in a state of profound
 tranquility. The visit of Lord John Russell
 to Earl Clarendon seems to furnish almosn
 the only theme fur speculation amongst the
 Irish politicians. The Premier landed at
 Kingstown on the afternoon of the Ist instant,
 and was received with a certain degree ol
 deference and respect. Demonstrations by
 applause or disapprobation seem both to have
 failed. His lordship, with the exception ol
 occasional carnage recreation, arid a day’s
 visit to the Duke of Bedford's estate at
 Ardsillagh, in Meath county, has lived in the
 1 greatest seclusion w ilhiti the precincts of the
 I castle; and aa unrestricted personal inter
 course with Lord Clarendon seems to have
 been the sole immediate object of his lord-
 I ship's visit. All the speculations of an
 i amnesty, of payment to the Irish clergy, and
 all the various schemes, w hich have been
 asenbod as the cause of the Premier's visit,
 have successively been laid aside, and wt
 must wait tbe natural course of events befon
 1 the state reasoiis w hich have influenced his
 lordship to take this novel step shall be full)
 j revealed.
 The Special Commission is appointed foi
 the 21st instant at Clonmel; and it is gen
 erally believed that some of the tuferioi
 instruments in the law insurrection will bv
 first put upuu lltuir trial, and if it be found
 that the juries evince the slightest hesitatun
 to perforin their duties. Government haw
 resolved not to place them any longer in such
 a position of danger, but will defer the tria
 1 of the principal leaders until alter the meet
 ing of Parliament. However this may be,
 w e are sure that any persistency in agitattor
 I bv certain enthusiastic sympathisers in th&lt;
 Fluted State*, for objects wholly unattaina
 ble, will tend to increase leu fold the dangci
 i of their imprisoned frieuds on this side, am
 as sincere well-wishers to the cause of lrut
 freedom, we earnestly point our to tbe leaden
 of that wild movement, that any rash taej
 I taken will be likely to recoil with fearful veo
 I gcancc upon the beads of those who art
 already overwhelmed by tbe strong arm o
 the law which they have outraged.
 Bv our latent information we learn tha
 i Gird John Ruwcll would quit Dublin thti
 day, and would proceed direct to Scotland
 The fleet under Sir Charkw Napier ba» re
 turned to Cork. The weatlwi was raihei
 unruled. All kind of political agiuuot
 appears to have subsided.— European Tune*
 The. Society tn promote the Annual Sit
 Ungs of Parliament m Dubba *ull continue u
 hold meeting* in that city.
 The Europe in Tunc* gives details which
show that terrible destitution prevails in date.
 One of the Poor-law inspectors lD gnu? his
 round*, found a woman literally naked and
 unable to move from utter exhaustion. Dep
 redation* an* constantly tunic on the potato
 gardens. Thoegb the Enuwtytnna work
 house is full there no absence of craving
 creatures from one’s door. The clearance
 system is still earned on in this county
 families are evicted rod the houses levelled to
 the ground.—Last week twenty-three fami
 lies, comprising one hundred human beings,
 were dmeo from tbetr bouses. Tbe Lim
 erick Examiner asks “In the name of the
 God of merry will any atop be puj to these
 deeds?”
 On Friday evening. Sept. 1, a qnamity ot
 anna were found in a box buried ta the yard
 of the Fevei Hospital in the city of Water
 ford.
 France. —The continued state of siege in
 Paris controls the angry passions which the
 tevolution has evoked, and General Caraig
 nac, by his republican firmness, ami the
 presence of an immense military force, has
 given a breathing time to his eouatry. The
 National Assembly is now begteniug tu
 occupy itself with the consideration of the
 new constitution, but has come to the resolu
 tion that it will prolong its sittings until after
 the organic laws shall he passed. The vote
 to prolong stood 586 to 154 against. It is not
 expected that the constitution can be agreed
 to until tbe second week m October, inasmuch
 aa there are no fewer than 23 amendments tu
 be proposed on the original scheme, so that
 the Chamber cannot get through the funda
 mental laws before tbe end of the next month.
 The election for ffie president, and a
 general election throughout France, will
 probably revive all the latent feeling now
 pent up.
 The new journal, the People, just bioughi
 out by M. Proudhon, tbe communist, war
 seized on the 4th inst. at all the newsvendors
 They also seized on the Bouche d'Acicr
 which had replaced the Douche de Fer, suc
 cessor of the Ijompitm.
 The Bonapartists were again moving, boll
 in Paris and the departments, with a view tc
 the candidalesbip of Prince Louis Napoleor
 for the Presidency.
 The chief events of the week had been the
 production of a pamphlet from the pen of M
 Lamartine, in which he defends himself Iron
 the various charges which have been beer
 made against him.
 Our advices from Paris, dated Thursday
 evening, gives us tlie highly important inielli
 gence that Austria has accepted the mediatinr
 of France and England for tha settlemen
 pacification of Northern Italy.
 The othet European news is not of mucl
 interest.
 The accounts from Italy and Rome declan
 the whole country to be in a most distrubei
 and excited stale; at Genoa, Leghorn am
 Rome, tumults had occurred, which were will
 difficulty suppressed.
 General Garrihaldi, who has lately beer
 forced by the Austrians to fly from Italy, ha;
 arrived at Besancon,on his way, it is thought
 to Paris.
 For the above wc are indebted to Willmei
 Smith’s European Times.
The American papers who advocated thr
 rebellion in Ireland, will be a curious stud)
 when the full nothingness Ibbernire of tht
 thing becomes traus-atlantically discuss-d.
 One journ il appeals exultingly to a quotation
 made by Meagher (once) of the Sword
 “L;t Brit.ri’i bra.; Irer rn itley rag—
 We’ll lilt tlie green more prou I an 1 airy:
 Be mine tlie lot to b..-ar die dag,
 Aikl liea I the boy* of Tipperary!”
 The ho vs were not quite such children.—
 Douglass Jcrrold.
 Darino Attrajit to Kidnap.—We are
 informed that on Thursday evening last, a
 most daring attempt was made by a colored
 man to kidnap a son of Mr. Geo. Esher, of
 Morris City. The lad, who is about fourteen
 years of age, was out with a number of other
 fellows, near the Girard College, about eight
 o'clock in the evening, when the colored man
 approached him, and after offering him halt a
 dollar if he would go with him to Shippen
 street, which the laal refused, seized him and
 ran with him to the woods. TLhe alarm was
 immediately given by the other boys, and in
 the course of an hour upwards of a hundred
 citizens were out in search of the man, with
 lanterns, und after a long search, finally dis
 covered him about 11 o'clock, as he was
 making his way to the city, near the Bushhill
 Hospital, and pressed upon him so closelv
 that lie was forced to let the lad escape. After
 getting into the woods with the boy, he had
 beaten him repeatedly and severely to prevenl
 his making a noise, of which his body bore
 strong evidence, and when he found he wa?
 pursued, he concealed himself, pressing his
 hand upon the boy’s mouth to prevent hits
 crying. The occurrence caused much excite
 ment, and parties were out all day on Fridaj
 and Saturday in search of the villain. Phila
 Views, Ath.
 Pat,” said a Yankee to an Irishman, as
 they passed a tree near Harlem with a rop«
 hanging to one of its branches, where dc
 you suppose you would be now if that rope hat
 its deserts!” “Faith, and I’d be walking her&lt;
 all alone to New York
 From the Rio Grande.—The N.O. Pica
 yune of the 4th states that preparation* ar
 actively going forward in all the detachment
 of our army for a apeedy evacuation of th
 country.
Commercial.
 *t
 Rochester. Sept- 23, IS4S.
 During the past week die market has been firm,
 th'rtig'i nut particularly attire.
 Wheat has pone flow slightly in eon*e*]nent* of
 the fine weather aa&lt;l *urr«M*kil harvest in England,
 and is now selling brreat 01 I® Fkm’ there
 is a slight depression, shhstgl no* wy serious.
 In Provisions there hasher* Irttle eking—Butter
 comes in moderately, and is taken readily at 14 cU
 'l* -ex' is in good demand at 5 to 6 ets per lb.
 Mess Pork is in good demand at 014 to 015.
 Corn is ia demand at 50 cts. Oat* 25 to 27 cts.
 Rochester Whole*** Prices CarreaU
 FLOUR asp MEAL—'Duty 20 r e»d jral
 Flour, t 5 aj
 C.»rn meal, l«sH W
 PROVISIONS—Duty; BreLParMUms,
 Butter and Lard, 89 o*l rrr
 Pork, (mess) ‘M2* 2
 Do. in hog *l2 I j 2
 .7«I«80U
 Lard (tried) r ft
 Do. (leaf,) ,Z ft
 llains, (smoked)
 SksMthlers, do. 7
 Turkeys rlb
 Chickens
 Potatoes, I msh.
 GRAIN—Outj; JOpeadral
 Wheat, hush *”1
 Cum

 Oats 2
 ItarW
 HIDES—Duty; 5 read rai
 Slaughter 1§
 Shir. Pelts
 SEEDS—Didy i L*"* 110 C*» t
 e,ad val
 CVw m m
 Jir k i»
 FlSH—Duty on hwip *0« »l »«l
 U tutefah Md
 C.rifirii ewt
 SUNDRIES— __
 rtnh, r hhl 1 2
 i K‘“dnL b k
 ES'tL
 Hny, r
 Hard wood
 nut wood
 m
oldotrliscmcnls.
job printing.
 'prr. NORTH STAR OFFICE. faraidwd
 1 *ris m«&gt;4 Tij». Ct t)ip rurriM «rf r»m
 desmtetoa af Priat.ng with Rni w and despatch
 at ike fc»w est price* for null, «fc;
 H»»l4ii3j f Bbnk&lt;, FiR-hnwls,
 Ptugramme*, Cirrubrt, Bills of l.tdtwg,
 ftapblrti, Card*, LabrG.kr.
 Narrative of thf. life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, writtea by lwwrk| to be
 had at this other, price 90 cents.
 Opre to tk* Psßr. frow 0, A.M. to 8 P-.V.
 The anti-slavery office read.
 ING ROOM, .No. 385, Buffalo Street. The
 R»Nn is nrat!) fnnii*h*.l. and the tables ilkd with
 some «f the lest Anti-Sbreer, RHi
 gwo*, Political and Literary Papers.
 BOOKS, Jtr., For Safe at the Asn-St tTtRt
 Orrics kßrtuits Rons, N.i. 95 BortaU
 st., Second Story opposite the Arcade:
 Narrative of FVeitcrick Douglass.
 Jimnthan Walker.
 Portrait
 Spoouer on t nrnnuhlntiumliiv of Slavery.
 W. Phillips reply to do.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Shtm ilbitritril by its effect on Woman.
 Also a rich variety «ff Fancy and nsrttd articles
 ma&gt;le by the IJulies' Anti-Sb«cry Society
 New M atch and Jewelry Stare.
 JOHN KF.OZIF. haring ckwtged his partnership
 n-blions, has removed his Shop two door*
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 wcmjfdly to compete in the ante of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold not Silver
 j English, Anchor, Horizontal an! Vertical Watches,
 I Gobi Guard and Fob (Itiiiw, (ini! Seals and Keys,
 J Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thiiuldes,
 I Gold Ear-Kings, Bracelets, and Finger-Kings—a
 i good as.«ortment, cheap; a variety of LaJies’ ami
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double ami
 single Hunting g-dd and pbted Lockets, Gold Pens,
 lisrt quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 The allure and a variety of utlier desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous tenns than osictl; aid it is (Ktrticilkirlv
 desired that the goods should be examined, ami
 [trices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere iu
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silrer Spoons, tvarrauted as pure as Ame
 rican Coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Aec.irdeons and
 oilier Musical Instruments, which will lie sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the liest
 Brass Eight-day, 30 ltour,and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call ami see tliein.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully doue and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in parlicular we would
 give notice, tliat we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of I lie change* of the
 j weather, so as to lie able to adopt his Imsiness to its
 1 variations. Please call ami examine tliein, as every
 man ouglit to have one.
 Sep. 15, 18-43. 6in.
NOTICE.
 THE Copartnership heretofore existing betweet,
 CLARK BUNCOMBE, was imituully dis
 solved on the Ist of April. 1343.
 A. CLARK,
 C. H. BUNCOMBE.
 Rochester, June 2, IS IS.
 DR. CLARK, still continues at No. S 9 Smith’s
 Arcsuk*, Bnll'alo Street. Dr. Clark would in
 form tlie citizens of Recliester and surrounding conn
 try, that In: keeps a good assortment of Thomsonian
 and other. Botanic Medicines, neatly |mt ttp with di
 rections for familv us*; also for sale l)r Tlmmson’s
 New Materia Mcdi.*a. This valuable work should
 lie owned by every (H ictitioner an l family iu die
 land.
 A. CLARK.
 June 2, 1848. tf.
NEW PIMP FACTORV.
 TIIE miliscrilier takes this method to inform the
 X citizens of R&lt;trliestcr and vicinity, that lie has
 just establish'd a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, where lie w ill lie happy to wait ujhmi all
 who may favor him w ith their patronage.
 Having had considerable cxpeiienci: iu his line of
 Imsiness, lie pledges himself to furnish ns good an
 article, and of as good material, as can Is; procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished w ith either wood or lead pi|ie,
 as may suit customers. He also suspplies, to onler,
 every description of A |Ue !uct Logs, or l&lt;cad Pi[ie.
 The subscriber will Like pbastire in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 comjietpnt workmen, win* w ill attend to all mils for
 Jigging, drilling, or blistiug wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds *&gt;f i’uuqis repaired to
 order.
 (tCj- Tlie above work will be fnrnislie*! at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will &lt;lo well to
 give him a call liefote piueliasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 1 1818. 1y29
 Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, comer of North street.
 (Oltl Stand of Edward Bardwell.)
 JUST received, and will lie kefrt eousLintly on
 hand, an extensive and complete assortment o
 Grtjceries and Provisions.
 A large Lit of Groceries just receive;!, Insight in
 New York, at the lowest of the very low prices of
 the present season.
 Sugars, from a g.sid article at 5 cents per lb. to
 the liest crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico| Constantin and New
 Orleans Molasses, very low for the quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, Codfish, Ric*-, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, ami all tlie articles, too
 numerous Li mention, which make a full variety to
 su|&gt;pl v erery want of lainilies &lt;ir dealer*.
 Clsiice fresh Green and Black 'Peas.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffees.
 Cash paid for produce and provision*.
 The attention of fanners, city families and dealers
 is respectfully soliciteil. Those who have king fre
 quented this well known stand are invited to con
 tinue tteir patronage, ami all in wan* of good* in
 uiy line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 prices.
 1 sell for Cash only, and ran therefore afford to
 tell low. A new lot of g **l* expected from New
 York in a few days. 1 intend to mike arrange
 ments a sm Li keep a supply *if Frit Labor Grorentx.
 Customers shall he assured of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and price of my goods.
 G. B. BTEBBLNB.
 Rochester, July, 1818. 30i29
 New an 4 Second-Hand Clothing,
 At 18, Exhtn-p Strut, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would mist Hifinu
 his friends ami the Pul dir g meraily, that lie has
 Constantly on ham I an excellent assortmr-at of New
 and Seoawl Hand Clothing, such as Gouts, I‘omU
 loons, Vests, kr., with which he will supply
 Custom**r» at the most reas-maMr Prices.
 L. 8. desires also to inform Lite Politic, that hr
 attend* to repairing and rcaorsting, which he war
 rants to be at the cheapest rate, ami iu the
 best and neatest possible mournr. His long exprri
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronise tu.n, that his work shall be done
 to tbeir entire tai*£icliua.
 Rochester, July 14, 134*.
 TRINRS! TRINkS!
 THE first qwsiiiv of article is to he had at LAING
 X It BONN ELL'S new Establishment, No. sit,
 State Strert, Rochester. Also a general assort*
 meat of Valise*, Travelling Bags, kr., which are
 I ukttni at the very lowest price* tor (huh.
 Carriage Trimming rzerstol tm the latest style
 i and with dirpatrh, by J. T. Laiag, at his old stand
 1 in State Street, opposite the Maneioa lionet
 J, T. L having had m«M«t expeneuce m the
 Eastern markets, h-rne* to give taU-UruM to a
 geaerous prfdtc who mail favor him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rudmur. Jtk 11,1848. 3m
 AC BERN aad HOC HESTER
 RAIL* ROAD
 ON ami afk-r Frahty, Juae RMuihm aillhe thswt
 Passenger Trains &lt;lajly each way—
 -1 leaving Kodwmer at I.IS P. *7.1.3 P. M. aa.l
 12.15 m.
 Lear mg iahtn at *3 A. 11., 8 A. U. t aad
 P. M.
 Wurwiit. lftr*r ihi*date, the tram leavtag
 Abu; awl Trey m Ksiwihy eveautg, will remits
 at Aubara ftom Zhtwtoy tamwmg ullSwmky eveaiag,
 •ha it will proceed westward at the owtai uac ap
 pnsnSr-1 for the eveniag train.
 £isrW AKU. —The a*rst*e tram (torn BAIs,
 leaving Rochester daily, at Ij It., a ill also beceaf
 ter be dtscantiamtl na forvtay on this Ruad.
 WJf. WILEY, Snperisirnte.f.
 Rochester, Tarafoy, 11th July, IMC.
 IUIr-i Ritißf ad Dreaiix al
 RALPH FRANCIN’* Bahma.. mrkr the Eaglt
 Hotel, Bodak&gt;-street. jaJ ll -3a
REW Fi nLItATIONS.
 vyiu BE READY IN A FEW DAYS*,
 WtUlt't Amu,«iAi brief Artrhaf
 bi« lib K tT*i*r§ i ffiftlinf Oewf.
 Abu, G«aa*T*« Adrfram mtto .VW, 4 th, l\
 tut St art. This alltrw was rrinh*l by the Ns
 lemjl CunvrotWia at Bnfbtk* ia IkO. The editsn*
 i* swtaN. ami thsr who dHh* copies aHI da WrH ta
 anal ia their nrJtu ea* K.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Im-baa twain! T H t
 P»«r tiDFimiTCosutrto*or* tat (’oto*
 1 1* Rtrr, by Weary ffifUrmri (*r*f.
 Ptodtshe*! at Troy, N. Y. Orders sttndtJ to.
 A|ntl 28, ss.
(ififral litfllifftcf Ofßce.
 GEO. W. GOINES bx*ing nprard an F.»tal&gt;l*-b
 -annit at (hr pMII.APEt.rHI A IxSTITCTE,
 Iswabaril Mrvet, al» ve Seventh, t&gt;r the porposc *4
 pneuriK* honest and faithful d.Hmrsti*'* for tb-*e
 who mu n-piirr then*, i»**4 obtaiumg phirrs for
 such a* nrr qacilUirvi a»al in *ot thm-d’. lag* kr* ve
 t*» refer to tin- kllnting named grntlrtnrn, whu hove
 kindly permitted the aw .4 their names u
 itrirtif tt)
 Andrew M’.Mahiw Editor of ih** American Coarier
 Kobrrt Moris. El it* or &gt;0" t|»- Inquirer
 Jasper 11 »r bug, PutfoliiT of the luqttifrr
 (Imrk*s J. PiVfs*, Editor of Neal’s OaaHte
 Dm#. 11. FWimiee, E !itv&gt;r »4' l imes amt Kmitimt
 K.ds tl lbiWell, 88, Llh’suul Street
 ititiiam J. Mulk-ii, 278, C.itlsriuc Street.
 Pltibtili Ipliit* i ffqit 1, 1818. ly—93.
HarlN Vegetable Extract
 I* the indy remc.ly tKit can be relied on Ic the
 pcrmniKnt cure of Bposmotlic Coatrncti*ms, Imta
 lioa of the Ncrvrs, Nervous or Sick Ilea;belie,
 i Nervoiu Trvuaars, Neuralgic Affections, General
 Debility, lVScieticy of Nervous and Physical Ener
 gy, anil all Nervous Diaordcrs, inchidiitg tlie most
 dreadful of all diseases that affect the human race—
 FpUrpnjf, or Foiling Skkmt. —Hysterical Kits,
 Convulsions, Spnsms, &amp;e It m wrfl known, tlmt
 from time immeinorml, Physicians Iwve pronounced
 I'.pilejmc Fils incurable. It lc»s UuHeil all tlicir
 skill, anil the Ltasted power of all metlirine, and
 cons*vptently th.»usanils Rive snlfere-l llmnigli a mis
 erable existence, and at last yiekled up tlieir lives on,
 the Altar of Insanity. —Tlie proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it ran be cure*!, lie would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, and all others w ls&gt; an- inter
 ested, to examine tlie testimony which is lure offered.
 If it is deception, let i he exposed latt il it is
 true, liven in llh- name of hnnwnity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 lltarl't Vegetable Extract.— For sixteen years,
 lues Ux'it tested by many p*:rsons wlui liave sulfered
 w ith this dreadful diss:»'se, and in every case wliere
 it has lia I a fair trial, lias effected a perinaiwnl
 cure.
 Col. Dcnslow of Yonkers, New \*»rk, sLtte-i tlmt
 his daughter Ins been afflicted with 1* its for mom
 tlian nine years, and lias been cured by tlie use of
 tlie Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bra.lcy, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, ami has U-en restoml to perfect liealth (after
 every other means had failed) by die use of U»e
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Al.iliama, who is one of the best Physicians in the
 State, says that lie has lieen much benefitted by tlie
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 co.uns under his know ledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., I*a v states that for many yars past he
 lias been sorely afflicted w ith fr its, and lie is now
 happy to sLite that a persevering use ul Dr. Hail’s
 VegcLible Extract, lias restored him to sound lieiilth,
 Ik-itig entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
 Judge Kaii (all, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 Riving used tlie Vegetable Extract successfully iu
 Ins familv, highly recommend* il to all persons who
 are afflicted w ith Fits.
 3). Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Tweuty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Boughton, a member of his fainilyha#
 lieen so severely afflicteil with Epileptic F its lor
 niitnv vears, tliat lie was obliged to relinquish his
 busiiiess. Having u&lt;ed Dr. Hart’* Vegetable F.x
 trart (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perfect liealth, ami left this city lor tlie Stale ol
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than 6&gt;rty years, staff s
 tliat lie hits used Dr. Hart’* Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improveil that lie hope*
 by Divine blessing, to bave no more I ns.
 Epileptic Fit*. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by tlie use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Rea the following remarkable case of the son of
 Win. Sccore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicffxi with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six iiamdis.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many anil France, consulting the nsist eminent
 physicians, and expending tor medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three ibmsan 1 dollars, returm d
 with Ids son to this country in November last., w ith
 out receiving any benefit whatever, ami was cured
 I A’ using Hart'* Vegetable Extract.— l liave spent
 over three thousand dollars for me licine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which 1 did. 1 first visited England,
 I consulted tlie most eiuintnt physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. 1 remained there three umii.hs
 without perceiving any change for tlie better, which
 cost me about two hitudrei ami lifty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and die most tliat 1 received
 was their opinion tliat my son’s case was Itofieless,
 an I POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I acc.wdii.gly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home iu tile mouth ol
 November lasi, with iny son as far from being cured
 as wlien I left, I saw your advertisement in one of
 tlie New Yoik [xqiers, and coorhi-led to try Hart’s
 Vegefftble Extract, seeing your statements ami
 ceitilieatcs of so many cures, some of twenty ami
 thirty vears standing, and 1 ran assure you I am nut
 sorry i did so, as liy tlie us*: of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now liefore hiiu of life, liealtli aud useful
 m ss. lie is uow 28 years of age, and 27 yeais 6
 mootbs of this time lias been afflicted with tins
 most dreadful of diseases, but tliank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I alia 11 be ever grateful to you ia one
 thing, and as 1 here enclose you one hnmlred dol ars,
 1 have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quit* a different tiling. The debt of gratitude 1 still
 owe you; I ait please acce|*t this amount as interest
 on the debt in advance.
 Your*, very respectfully,
 (aig.md) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In refeience to the almost miraculous eftkaey of
 tins truly womk-rful mmlwiiie, read tlie following
 letter fr&gt;« n Dr. W. I*. Mmroc, of Guiltor I, Ohio,
 oue of the most eminent |&gt;h)»H-nins in that |*Uc
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, IMM&gt;.
 Br&gt;tk-r Lilorcr in the cu**e of huumiiity—Dear
 sir: It is with no small ilejree of pleasure tlmt 1
 aia enobiml to anuounre to ymi the complete trieui|4i
 of ymir mvaluulA; nnticiw m cases of Epik-psy. I
 have preseriUd it in four instances in thi« vicinity,
 nisi it has Iss-n higtdy soro ssftil in all. Three of
 I the patients, I tiu.-t, lure bee* nuikally rureij.
 IV fforth one is rqislly improving, and will, I
 think willsmt doubt recover. I am n&gt;4 in the habtl
 of preuTibitig or recomnsmiling pule of mulkiari,
 In* whru I see an so lick* which promises so much
 ta the relief of suffering Inunamty, 1 feel my duty
 to nwrauiuemi it, and I have no hesiiatim m say-
 I' inn jut as v*ni as Us- faculty ore folly acquaint ctl
 with the real merit of your molimr, they will
 close their eye* against prejwlte* and km! you I
 Vdoing haini.
 J ttSwcribe mvself jours, liarerth,
 [Big.»dJ *\V. L. MONkOE, M. D.
 To Dr. 8. Had, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DWTANT
 When riwAtsauds who are now UetuMrtg melm
 the husi of this draslhl disease, and fearing th.il
 every oUock may prove foul, will foal pmnaarni
 ri 10-i ami iie re-ffored to new life, by using this
 rddrelni medirian.
 OVER ONE THOUBAND CERTIFICATE*
 Have been received m Ustnuony of the Benefeem
 res'dt pro lured by the use of IV. Halt’s Vegeta
 14* Extract.
 {0- Prepared by K. HART, 11. D., New York
 Price, one package (3 00
 Lfo (or packages 10 00
 IV, eight pachatp s 2000
 ft" It w i ardoil; parked up IU boxes lur (ran*
 purwttou, aoi scad to any part of the I rate
 Stales, Texas, Mexico, and \\eM ladies.
 THOM AM k MILK, l«0 Mam street, Cm
 cinwui, Ohso, (icaeral Agents for the I'ste
 .Staler, to **ho* *ll ream mwiralws and be ad
 dressed Post Paid.
 A. Il l» Hands Owner of Fake, ami WißmoiHt
 New York.
 M. D. Wade, Mam k Bt. Paul* Ruchratrr,
 E. H- sdji, 217 Main street Bufttla,
 i H. k E- Gaylord, Ayretr for Osuniaad Ohm,
 Fay k K iHbcaarae, C km,
 J. U k G. H HtU, Detroit, Mwhsgaa,
 W‘». Uwaninghaai, MiMwauhie Wa
 il k Reef,*and Co., Chicago B
 i I fort- T. Masco*, Ifotisqmt lowa,
 ill. BforkcVy. arid C**., At. Imsia M*.
 Aad for Bale by smut «4 the prim &lt;ful IVhS«**»*,
 thraughmu tfes United Mtetes.
 i TltoMAcf k MILL*. MB Mam
 Cwcmoait Ohm
Important Fimm.
 IDE’S Pal*id tl’hrel Cukivaln* and WTire Grate
 I flow. IV Fanatag P*dJ*c tee hereby isfrirn!
 tla' 10-ttcrs Patent have Kora taken mn by tfo fhdi
 stida-r In his rm-ot grral »n«irc»vpiiwnt# m die cwu
 strtsrvaoi Jtwl mamtfvetarr *ff Mtl fCttTlvi TO ns
 an uiy in i nr ol si grvxit as to etufrvdy rrtvhtMait
 the w fed, system of ta rating, by nxfocwg the expensa
 orx'-hah' or more. WVtrw they have ben mtrr»-
 •fored. they have tm.l ihr drrnfod *fgw*4«imn of
 formers, as the I4k*win-» certificate* (win the inlcl
 ligrnt anl practn-jtl former# whom tea*a* te»
 attache,!, .itsMkfamftv show}
 (T.KTfFtt *ATf^.
 TWI-i sav rectify tlmt we. the Subscriber*, havsr
 seen ami uni the i'atrot Wheel t witi»»tor,.«cento I
 *7 IffT, of SWfoy,- Co New
 fish, ami Mirtr H l&gt;b-, Mkf-u*Hg ma
 rhtnr, .os- «ff the grewtest nuprsveiaruts iff the age.
 By a forun-r ran put in fr»m ie« to fifteen acres
 H*ufr wiwal in a ve(tr, with the mim- amount of
 ti'.im bhv; he ran lie* e&lt;v* it in trmrh b tier .infer.
 By il (’ant* ti thistles ami mher mreJiw* »e-d,
 rn.iv lo&gt; totally ntiquwL Said machine it m e»m
 strtirte«l that it c.u» lx- regulated to g.i any depth, by
 ■•raos &lt;4" srrews *&gt;n th iqyier part ,f the nuchinr,
 ami ihtr* either plow tq» the ground ihoreaghly, or
 •stly just loiwh tin* sitrforr. I pne tin- whir, wn
 think it .k-et leilly the b**t machine ever inventisl lir
 |oavericing the gnonvl ami foeiliffitmg the L*hr*r iff
 the k ir-ier. i as sm h st chert folly recotuencad it
 ff« our l&lt;cHher brser*.
 J.unes 11. Itrdlry, J.urx s (do
 Emn Newman, John Stevens.
 swhu Whrefor, Nartru Hedh-y,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Amhrsun.
 Slw-lby, Co., April 25, 18*8.
 Wo, tin; |om h.mil ntw iff NatiiaM
 l-fo’s Patent Uafciv ttors Lut FaH, ami f.oind it
 j answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 mailt- pnrrhaae *4' another. We ran with this Pk&gt;w
 prepare with two hones, eight acre s ot Und per day
 fiv wheat, Aml it is much better &lt;l»ne than by lit*
 obi plows; nml the Ltml pepttreil by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre* imre.
 EM CHURCH.
 Riga, Jam*, IS4B. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After lltese lestim niials, tlie Sulmrriher deems it
 Hiineccss tn. to eutiT into a long ami elaborate iles
 ciiption of tin- iinpli-im-iit, with its various imnies of
 opcmti.ui. To lx- fully appreciaff-d, it most 1»- seen
 and uwhl. No fami.-r who fidK umW*rslatvls his
 interest w ill tm without one, as it is nn invakcibfo
 Hlij ileuieut.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Sln-ffw, Orlenhs Co., N. Y., July IB|S.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is uunufacturevl by
 LEI I WF.I.LS, Buffalo Street, n*\»r the Bull’s
 Head, KochraLT, N. Y., wln-n- f.iriners are invited
 to call ami examine for theinselve*.
 DR. D. J. PECK, Pliysieian anl Surgeon, Pbi
 ki.lelpliia Institute, LnnUirei Street, als-ve
 Seventh. ly—36
 lIO.MF, FOR HE FORMERS.
 r riiF. sui mr rib. •r lias n-tnove 1 to tliat m*nt, c*&gt;n»e
 A nient, and central boording-liouee. No. Central
 Court, wh*-iv In- will N- most happy to welcome some
 j of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.—
 He w i»l»*-» his house to lie tin- central place in Bos
 ton, w here tlie friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, tie- Prisoner, k**.,may meet together, and
 enjoy a comfortable ami quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAK.
 j Boston, Aug, 21,1848.
JY-ne in the Prr
 .4 TIUBITE FOR THE !4E(.RO,
 BKI St: A VIJHHCATIOB OF THT MORAI., IS Tt X-
 I.KCTVAL AND HI.LIGIOI'* C A P A HI I.ITI E* OP
 I THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 With particular rrfmnce to the African race,
 Illustrated by numerous nutlientie diets, Biographicn
 Sketclies, Testimonies of Travellers, kr.
 Tin* motives wliieli have aetnated the author iu
 prejuiring tlie aU.ve-inentioned work, are solely a
 desire to interest and enlighten the (Hiblii- niiml, mi
 a subject intimately connected with tlie happiness or
 iiiiserv of a large million of the human family and
 by a re lation of farts and testimonies, which no
 assertions can annul, to remove a deeply-rooted pre
 judice, existing in tlie minds of many, respi eting the
 African nice.
 It is an important question whether tin- Negro is
 constitutionally, ami tliercfore iiTeiuedial.ly inferior
 to tint white man, in the (tower* of tin- mind, .Much
 of the future welfare of tlie luimaii race d« i.emls on
 the answer which experience ami farts w ill furnish
 to this question; for it concerns not only the vast
 population of Africa, hot many millions olthc Negro
 j race, who are located elsewln-re, ami tlie whites wlio
 are liecomiug mixed w ith tlie black rare, in countries
 wln-re Slarmy exists, or where it Im* existed till
 j within a recent period. Many persons have vnntur-
 I ed ii|H&gt;ii jieremptory decision* on li»tli sides of tka
 i question Init the inajoritv ap|&gt;ear to lie still unsatis
 I fied as to the real ntfiahifities of the Negro rare.—
 Tlieir present acfnuf inferiority in many respects,
 comparing them as a whole with the lighter colour
 ed portion of mankind, is tm* evident to lie disputed
 Imt it must l»e Imrne in mind that tla-v are not In a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to lie draw n lie*
 tween tlie two. Tlieir present degraded state may
 be easily accounted for by the cire-urnst.-litres aiuid&gt;t
 which Negroes have lived, ln;th in tlieir owiirowitrv
 and abroad. If a single instance ran lie aJdrieeil f
 an individual of tlie African nice exhibiting a genius
 which would he ronsidereil eminent in riviltaeil Euro
 pean society, we hiive a prm*f tliat then- is no incom
 patihiiify la-tween Negro orgauixahon ami high in
 tellcetml [K*wer. But it is not one alone, Imt many
 remarkahie ease* of this description tliat are !&gt;n&gt;iight
 forward in tlie present volume, wliieli nulwlt* up
 w irrl* of J5O Hio'tru/ihii nl xkitrlu of A fnr an* nr thnr
 iletcendnnt*, la-sides Facts and Aueerlotes, 'lVstimo
 nies iff Travellers, Missionaries, &amp;e., tlie vrboln
 forming a complete -*TRIMIiTr. torn tup. Nkoho,"
 ami exhibiting an u uloubted refutation of the nn
 fi Him led rahmmies wliieli hare Ih-*ii Ih-aped on (lie un
 fortunate race of Africa, proving tla-nt to be endowed
 with every characteristic const itiiliug ilu-ir kientily
 with (Ih- great family of Man, ami rotincipirnlly, en
 titled to cerLiiu inalM-nabli- rights,” amongst wlm h
 are” life, liU-rty, ami the (iiirsuttof happinr-MS," any
 infringement on which is a daring ustinialmii of ihn
 prerogative and authority of tin- Most High.
 Tlie work will lie remiere-dadditionally interesting
 by A* Af rRo PKIA TK I.ITRI)tIUITuHT POEM,
 written purposely for tlie orcasion, l*y lb KnHO
 Barton. It will also be enriclied by the tasLlitsof*
 of a Ismutiful engraving, notn a painting presented
 to tlie Lowiou Missionary BiH u-ty, representing two
 Natives of Boutli Ati ica giving F.vulenre ticfor*
 Si-l«-t CiHiunitff-si of the House of Coinnun*. Tlte
 Africans are giving evidence, Dr. Phillip i* seated
 in tlie f-iregriHiml, uml James Read, sen. and jon.,
 Missionaries from .South Africa, are stamliog, ihs
 Litter ai ling as interpreter. Tlie Volume will also con
 tain (sirtraits iff
 UiaqiJP., tlie Ami*te&lt;M'aptlvte. M
 Jas Tzataop., Christian Chief ot the Amskosm
 Trils-, Sootli Africa.
 J. W. C. PP.NINtiTiiN, a highly esli-emrd Minister
 ofilu- Gospel, ot pure- African extraction.
 j FrP.DP.RK K I)||«CI.A»«, rile fugitive skive.
 Ox tv im h Kit i *o, or &lt;ir st a mj Vasa a.
 K. almllij lirtlsxli Artists. Abo a r Ate
 SIMIf.K of I lie writing of Tot’SSAIST L’Off VCR-
 Tt'RP., the Bl.n k Chief iff Havfi.
 Tlie wish will Is-printed in the best type, on 6we
 i paper, ami eons ret iff nlsnit fiOO |«ges hvo., is-MHtilol
 jiy IsHimi in cloth, with an a|-pvopilate ileviec, fovm-
 Ii ns an elegant volnrm- for tlw draw ing-nsan talde,
 Alt profits arising freon its safe will In- devoted to
 the Anti-f*k«*ery cause AiaerH-ao |*vire.loswbwrrA*
 ers £3; to nwn-suliM-rils-ik ff 4; individual* ilewin t,
 iff possessing eiqiies will oblige by sending iheir IS
 ih-rs to Uiison ArwisTEAD, l&gt;e*is, or to t hn
 .North Htar Olllce.
 PItOSPKW TUS OF THE
 American Journil.
 O. FOWLER, EDITOA.
 J’t 1 reljvm ami pi(-rl omselves and &lt;mr race, is
 tlw most exalted iff all works. Yet, to do tins w
 "test understand the Human CMliWiuß. This
 Phrenology, Physiology ami Vital Msgoei*, m ru,&gt;
 hraee. aml tenet exfsastd all the law* iff our bring,
 emrlitiisM iff and e&lt;matiisle the philosa
 pfcrr’s sbHie iff I si versa I Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each mamher will contain euher the snsljsiv snd
 location iff saw phrem*logie»t fealty, dlust/atcd by
 an siig, o* on ortiral on their nsskeatssh:
 aad also the organisation and character of war
 j tmgmshcd personage, arroflspanie.l ly a bkeosss.
 PHY RIO LOGY
 Health Is Life, The great instriicncal iff telrO*
 toe aad haf piness, all of w-htch H augments, Ta *t*
 persrrvat*o« aad ratffa attorn, specialsnartew will he
 magnetism.
 With rretwl isarariva, iaterr* nag forts, sad
 dwre tn&gt;tln which it ad-l!!,*!!!* |tr»*u&lt;i ia
 this Juuvmwl
 tQlKU MEW.
 1 TV hfesmng* they
 m irk I aad thru preparataai fov Ctewforttef ear iwrtv
 tauoai*. wiU tht (kr e M Gck*.
 SELE-IM PROVE MINT.
 Who does ate long ewimrely, aad would RM strive
 aaswtaowsK. to ctetivstr his natural powers, sad
 leader huw»*h htetev amt more happvf Ta such,
 each number uik for a prompter aud text-hotel
 TI.KN*- tuvoiuU) hi mivaata—OkL IK IX
 AR A YEAR.
 RAMPI.E NUMHERN iff iki* Jouraal w..l he
 seat GR-\IIM, whee desHcd.
 To receive MkMios, letter* aad ordsrs mum Is
 POST-PAID, «d dheered to
 FOWLER k U MX*
 IdlNassou B? ,N*w Yadl
"
