"POETRI,
For the North Star.
 THE FUGITIVE.
 •»fflhOT»«T**t br fee*, it rather.”— l CVr.ru.il.
 QHk*, fly «o thy covert, thua hunted of taco!
 For the bi are bating t»'« nwoouin and
 TV rider* arr moonte-l, the looae rein i* gi*ea,
 Ail curve# of wrath at* aoreadraf to bearea.
 Oil! *pee I to tb&gt; Lmtatep*, fir rain and death.
 Lake the Wsmraue'e rage, father thick round thj
 path;
 AaJ the deep mattered cutm* era* load aad mon
 load,
 Ae horse after borar iweUe the CbnaJcrtag era* J
 -Bpee to Uiy f x.t*tcp»* thy track ha* Lee*
 f »inl;
 Now, tprrt for the riitr, and I&gt;L*kl l the
 Throng# brake aad thr&lt;*ejh fwteat uw n.ar-jirry i«
 driven;
 Oli! help Car the hoprle#*, tho« merriful Heaven.
 On? &lt;»n tofthe anaatarn! they’re UtflW again.
 And hope for the woc-*trick-n atiH any remain;
 The Cutillagpng atei'dh are aH white with then
 fair,
 Dm bio*d4toaada bar# turned from the claree U
 their home.
 Joy! joy to the wrong'd one! the haven hi 1 gain*,
 Eacapr d from hi* freed from hiechauif
 The h/jaren-starnpM image—the God-given wad
 No rrfcn- nball tile «}toiler at pleaaure control.
 O, tliauw to CoUimhi:*, that on her bright plaina
 Man pine* in hi* fi tter*, ami curse* hi* chain*!
 Sh-i mc! *hame! that her Rtar-apongled boons
 should wave,
 Where the huh i* made red in the blood of the alavr
 S &gt;ns of okl “Pilgrim Father*!” an! arc ye lira
 dutnbl
 (fhail tyranny triumph, and fieedom sorcunibl
 While m rthers are torn from th-ir children apart,
 And agony minders tlie coni* of the heart?
 Shall the sona of thorn siren that once spurned th
 chain,
 Turn hloo'ibounds to hunt down the captive again'!
 O, rliamc to your honor, ami slkhim- to \&lt;air pride,
 Anti shame on your memory ever abide!
 Will not yotir old site* *tait up from flic grotrtd,
 At liu; crack of tlie \i hip, and hay of the hound,
 And shaking their skeleton hands in your face,
 Curse the germs that produced surh a mi.-creant race
 O, rouse tlu c for freedom, before on our path
 Heaven pours w ithout mixture the vials of wrath!
 Unloose every burden—break off every chain—
 Restore to the bondman his freedom again.
 Then shall Mercy, delighted, look down from above
 And smile to behold ns, a nation of love;
 And silenced for aye over mountain and glen,
 Shall be the wild shout of tlie hunters of men.
 Here righteousness shall in abundance lie given,
 Like the plenteous showers descending from heaven
 And ang *ls descending, will herald strain,
 Peace, jieaec, upon earth, good-w ill toward men.
 W. G. 11.
 For tlie North Star.
 GOD IS THERE.
 The God of heaven is there—
 The earth, tlie sea, tlie sky,
 All things that are, afar ami near,
 Tell of his presence nigh.
 The storm that rages, while the billows dash,
 The thunder rolling, while the lightnings flash,
 The caitli that trembles, while the mighty quail,
 An i fierce volcanoes sulphur fumes exhale—
 Tlie dire sirocco on the desert plain,
 The whelming ieelierg of the polar main;
 All nature’* elements one language share—
 Hear we their voice! “Jehovah, God is there!”
 Nor is lie only where the thunder roar*,
 Or blazing Etna seas of lava pours,
 Or stormy billow, rain, and wind, and enow,
 Each in its turn is cause of human woe;
 His mighty power in these may be discerned,
 His wisdom, too, from each and all be learned:
 These lou lly speak in tone* that .strike with fear,
 And man replies too often with a tear.
 The sun uprising in the glow ing east,
 While dew-drops glisten on each green IcaFs breast.
 And lovely morning fragrant breath exhales
 In verdant meadows and in flowery vales;
 The silvery moonbeam sparkling on the wave,
 Tlie stars soft tw inkling o’er tlie good man's grave,
 Tlie shades f evening gathering o’er the plaiu,
 Far from the scoffing, dissolute, and vain,
 The streamlet gurgling, as it softly flows
 To the w i le ocean, whence its waters rose,
 The soft braze blow ing, while the tall trees bend,
 And the leaves rustle iu the passing wind—
 TJicse, Nature’s voices, one language share—
 Listen! they speak! The God of Nature’s there.”
 Nor is he only in the world of sense,
 Where reign his w isdom and omnipotence:
 Thoughts of the mind—of hope of joy, of peace,
 Sorrow and sadness, happiness, and ease,
 Thought* sweetly welling from tlie feeling heart,
 To rapture swelling, that sense can ne’er impart—
 Calm contemplation on the things of time,
 Bright exportation of immortal prime,
 Sweet meditation on tlie law divine,
 here truth and wisdom in full beauty shine;
 la these, indeed, we must at once descry,
 Tliat God, tlie God of heaven, is nigh.— j. d.
 THE SEASONS.
 Tlie following beautiful passage is from a Poem
 written by Gforge B. Vamiox, a colored young
 man from Pittsburgh:
 Fir*t, Spring came tripping on from southern
 bowers,
 Ail l strewed her sunny path with fragrant flowers.
 Bade tlie still brook liotn out its torpor wake,
 And freed, from icy bonds, the captive Like,
 1 hen smiling buck upon tlie hauling land.
 Resigned (lie rule to Si mmer's warmer hand.
 Earth, in the genial rejoicing much,
 Glowed like a picture V a Guido’* touch,
 And lovelier grows with ach ’big dav,
 Till Al'Tt’MX takes the iceptre and tin. -v.
 Slie, to enhance the beauty of the seen**.
 Tinged with rich Ivown the leaflet s brilliant green,
 East o’er the land her sad yet lovely smile,
 Then sunk beneath dread Winter’s chitling wile.
 Drea 1 inter, who, with no kiqd feeling warm,
 Evoke 1 in envious rage the blightin'! rtorm;
 A i! conseiotw that tv&gt; gift she could bestow.
 To equal Summer’*, Spring’*, or Autumn’* glow,
 Blew itt-fully la&gt;i feecxing heath on all,
 An I strove to crush earth ’ae.iUi her snowy pad.
 Fr.vm the Anti-Slavery Standard.
 Till. FUGITIVE SLAVE.
 Aik—s* Th, TV W^W."
 SwittK the »L**« mi hi* IcHie piuh
 Ttw N ath Star hi* Iwm-day h. 1H1
 fill I?. 1 It** f #tV»
 OSMI g r
 Fagiirtr? fugitive’ a»k ib .viu aid*
 iW dark atomic** tlwt 1* m il,, aa p
 lUk’ time are Ike, «L*r. wtotftf (too*
 HUM
 111 ftowHsla are ImsiMg the* reads G moifr,
 I'Mfitm' lugwiv*' mo, Cm itov hit
 I*l «*rimn I litre. and eorto flam mm khms—
 lt&gt;a *n&lt; 4 twinkling light— «mr pwi
 N.» git,' wan l.w.itd—ttor low «liallmyt noil—
 t Iwgrotv* M His A'toNMl.
 H I ikt w.ariw.. mw -fiawgiv, mm
 IW ito* torgaw’
 F»*N* i»H* if l*«k*n*Msg time thy wa&gt;
 ftofl****' ht».'i*s- il.at, t* thy May
 hMHUINF
mi-SMTERT gSLEtnom.
 J 4'• h r J *1
From Parker’* Isewer oo Slavery.
 •TATIATICA AND HISTORIT OF
 SLATER Y*
 I &gt;rv£ -r
 (tOATINUSB.)
 Is the Convention of 17ST, which
 i drafted the present Constitution of the
 j United States, this matter of alaverT
 tfai abundanttr diwtwwd; it vai (be
 preat ob««tacle in the war of forrninp
 j the Union, as now of keeping it. But
 for the effoit* of South C'arolina, it ie
 probable ala very would hare been abol
 i.shed by the. Constitution. The Sooth
 claimed the right of sending represen*
 tatives to Cougress on account of their
 slaves. Mr. Patterson, of New Jersey,
 contended, that as the slaves had iki
 representative or vote at home, theii
 masters ceuid not claim additional votes
 j in Congress on account of the slaves
 Nearer all the speakers in the Conven
 tion, except the members from So till
 Carolina and (tsorfis, referred to the
 slave trade mith horror. Mr. Gerry,
 j of Massachusetts, declared, in the Con
 vention, that it was “as humiliating tc
 j enter into compact with the slaves ol
 the Southern States, as with the horses
 i and mtiles of the North.*’ It was con
 tended, that if slaves were men, then
 they should be taxed as men, and havt
 their vote as men; if mere property
 r j they should not entitle their owners t&lt;
 a vote, more than other property. I
 might be proper to tax slaves, be
 cause it has a tendency to discoarag*
 slavery; hut to take them into accouni
 in giving representatives, tended to en
 courage the slave-trade, and to make
 it the interest of the States to continue
 that infamous traffic.” It was said,
 that “we had just assumed a place
 among independent nations, in conse
 quence of our opposition to the attempts
 of Great Britain to enslave us; that this
 opposition was grounded upon the pre
 servation of those rights to which God
 and nature had entitled us, not in par
 ticular, but in common with all the rest
 of mankind; that we had appealed tc
 the Supreme Being for his assistance,
 as the God of heaven, who could nd
 j hut approve our efforts to preserve the
 rights which He had imparted to His
 creatures; that now, when wc had
 scarcely risen from our knees from
 supplicating his aid and protection in
 forming our government over a free
 people—a government formed pretend
 ingly on the principle** of liberty, and
 for its preservation —in that govern
 ment to have a provision, not only put
 ting it out of its power to restrain or
 prevent the slave trade, even encour-
 I a r?i n g that most infamous traffic, and
 giving states power and influence in
 j the Union in proportion as they cruelly
 and wantonly sport' with the rights ol
 their fellow creatures ought to be
 considered as a solemn mockery of,
 and an insult to, that God whose pro
 tection xve had then implored, and
 could not tail to hold us up in detesta
 tion, and render us contemptible to
 every true friend of liberty in the
 world.”
 Luther Martin, the Attorney Gen
 eral ol Maryland, thought it incon
 sistent with the principles of the
 Revolution, and dishonorable to the
 American character,” to have the im
 portation of .-laves allowed by the Con
 stitution.
 j The Northern States, and some of
 the. Southern, wished to abolish the
 slave trade at once. Mr. Pinckney, of
 South Carolina, thought that State
 “would never accede to the Constitu
 tion, if it prohibits the slave trade;”
 she “would not stop her importation of
 slaves in any short time.” Said Mr.
 Rutledge, of South Carolina, “The
 people of the Carolinas and Georgia
 will never be such fools as to give up
 so important an interest.” Religion
 and humanity have nothing to do with
 this question. Interest alone is the
 governing principle with nations.” In
 apportioning taxes, he thought three
 slaves ought to be counted as but one
 free man; while in apportioning rep
 resentatives, his colleagues Messrs.
 Butler and Pinckney—declared, “the
 blacks ought to stand on an equality
 with the whites.” Mr. Pinckney would
 “make blacks equal to whites in the
 ratio of representation.” He went
 further; he would have “some security
 against an emancipation of slaves;”
 and, says Mr. Madison, “seemed to
 wish some provision should be included
 [in the Constitution] in favor of pro
 perty in slaves.” “South Carolina
 and Georgia,” said Mr. Pincknev.
 “cannot do without slaves.” The im
 portation of slaves would be for the
 interest of the whole Union; the more
 slaves, the more produce to employ the
 carrying trade, the more consumption
 also.”
 On the ether hand, Mr. Bedford, of
 Delaware, thought “South Carolina
 was puffed up with her wealth and her
 negroes.” Mr. Madison, cool and far
 sighted, always referring to first prin
 ciples, was unwilling to allow the
 importation of slaves till 1808: “So
 long a term w ill be more dishonorable
 to the American character than to sav
 nothing about it in the Constitution.”
 j Mr. Williamson, of North Carolina
 in 1783, thought “slaves an encum
 brance to society,” and was “both
 in opinion and practice against sla
 -1 rolonel Mann, of Virginia, in
 the Convention, called the slave trade
 lan infernal traffic,” and said that
 Slavery discourages arts and manu
 factures t the poor despise labor when
 performed by slaves.” “They pro
 duce the most pernicious effects on
 manners. Every master of slaves is
 j bom a petty tyrant. They bring the
 judgment of heaven on a country
 Mr. Dickinson, of Delaware, thought
 it “inadmissible, on every principle of
 iumov and safety, that the importation
 ot slaves should be authorized.” Gouv
 erneur Morris, of Pennsv Ivania, never
 Jaw^j| rd T rst,C
 the alar,-* Arf
 Hi*™., amt let them ‘T*“ I**"'
 property Why. th. n i. rV
 pmprm irulmhd imihe’ra... 5 b r

 'r rtK 1 m'
 irtfy lan-*, .Might i«. U- r*„
 lul W 4 I*, gut HIM ■M.1,,,1
All the North an at first opposed fro
 slavery and the slave trade. Both par*
 ties seemed obstinate; the question of
 taxes on exports*’ and of navigation
 laws, remained to be decided. Gouv
 eraeur Morris recommended that the
 whole subject of slavery might be re
 ferred to a committee, including the
 clauses relating to tlie taxes on exports
 and to the navigation laws. These
 things may form a bargain among the
 j Northern and Southern States.” Says
 Luther Martin, I found the Eastern
 t States, notwithstanding their aversion
 to slavery, were willing to indulge the
 j Southern States, at least with tempo
 rary liberty to prosecute the slave trade,
 provided the Southern States would in
 their turn gratify them by laying no re
 strict ion on navigation acts.” The
 North began to understand, if the con
 templated navigation laws should be en
 i acted, that, as Mr. Grayson afterwards
 said, all the produce of the Southeri
 States w ill be cairied by the Northers
 States Oh f heir own terms, which ttiuel
 be high." Mr. Clymer, of Pennsylva
 j :.‘.a, declared, Tlie Western and Mid
 dle States will be ruined, if not enabled
 to defend themselves against foreigi
 !i regulations;" w ill be ruined if they do
 not have some navigation laws, giving
 I Americans an advantage over foreign
 vessels. Mr. Gorham, of Massachu
 setts, said, The Eastern States hac
 i no motives to union but a commercia
 one.” The proffered compromise
 would favor their commercial interests
 It was for the commercial interest of tlie
 South, said Mr. Pinckney, to have iu
 restrictions upon the commerce; bui
 considering the loss brought on th&lt;
 Eastern States by the Revolution, anc
 their liberal conduct taward the viewt
 of South Carolina, [in consenting to al
 low slavery and the importation o!
 slaves,] he thought that no fetters should
 be imposed on the power of making
 I commercial regulations, and his con
 j stituents would be reconciled to the lib
 erality.” So the North took the boon,
 and winked at the “infernal traffic.’
 W hen the question was put, there were
 in favor of the importation of slaves,
 Georgia, the two Carolinas, and Mary
 land, with New Hampshire, Massachu
 setts, and Connecticut. Opposed to il
 were Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
 j Delaware, and Virginia! Subsequent
 ly, Mr. Ames, in the Massachusetts
 Convention for the adoption of the Con
 stitution, Northern States
 have great advantages by it in re
 spect of navigation.” In the Virginia
 j Convention, Patrick Henry said, To
 bacco will always make our peace with
 them,” for at that time cotton was im
 ported from India, not having become
 a staple of the South. When the arti
 i cle which binds the free States to deliv
 i er up the fugitive slaves came to be
 voted on, it was a new feature in
 American legislation; not hinted at in
 the Articles of Confederation;” hos
 tile to the well-known principles of the
 common law of England—which always
 favors liberty—and the usages and
 principles of modern civilized nations.
 Vet new as it was, and hostile, it seems
 not a word was said against it in the
 I Convention. It was agreed to, new.
 con.” Yet “the Northern delegates,”
 says Mr. Madison, owing to their par
 ticular scruples on the subject of sla
 very, did not choose the word slave to
 be mentioned.” In the Conventions
 of the several States, it seems no re
 monstrance was made to this article.
 Luther Martin, returning home, said
 to the House of Delegates, in Mary
 land, At this time we do not generally
 hold this commerce in so great abhor
 rence as we have done; when our lib
 erties w ere at stake, we warmly felt for
 the common rights of men; the danger
 being thought to be past, we are daily
 growing more insensible to their
 rights.”
 W hen the several States came to a
 dopt the Constitution, some hesitancy
 i was shown at tolerating the slave trade
 or even Slavery itself. In the Massa
 chusetts convention, Mr. Neal would
 not favor the making merchandise of
 the bodies ot men.” Gen. Thompson
 exclaimed, “shall it be said, that after
 we have established our own independ
 ence and freedom we make slaves of
 others?” Washington has immortal
 ized himself, “but he holds those in
 slavery who have as good a right to be
 free as he has.” All parties depreca
 ted the slave trade in most pointed
 terms. Slavery was generally detes
 ted.” It was thought that the new
 States could not claim the sad privilege
 of their parents, that the South itself
 would soon hate and abolish it. Sla
 very is not smitten by an apoplexy,”
 said Mr. Dawes, “yet it has received
 a mortal wound and will die of consump
 tion.” This reflection, with the “To
 bacco” and Navigation laws” turned
 the scale. Patrick Henry was no son
 of New England, but knew well on what
 hinges her political morality might turn,
 by what means and which way.
 In the New' York convention, Mr.
 I Smith could not see any rule by which
 slaves were to be included in the ratio
 of representation, the very operation of
 I it was to give certain privileges to men
 who were so wicked as to keep slaves;”
 to which Mr. Hamilton replied, that
 4 4 without this indulgence no union could
 possibly have been formed. But
 considering those peculiar advantages
 i which we derived from them, [the
 Southern Slates,] it is entirely just that
 they should be gratified. The South
 ern States possess certain staples, to-
 I bacco, rice, indigo, &amp;.c., w hich roust be
 capital objects in treaties of commerce
 with foreign uatious; and the advauiage
 will be felt in all states.” t
 j In the Pennsylvania convention, Mr.
 Wilson considered that the constitution
 laid the foundation for abolishing Sla
 very out of this country,” though the
 period was more distant" than he could
 I \ci klic mR States will
 be under the control of Congress in this
 1 particular, and slavery will never be in
 tr duced amongst them;” “yet the
 lapse of a few years, and congress will
 have power to exterminate slavery from
 within our borders.”
 In the Virginia convention Gov.
 Randolph regarded the slave trade as
 infamous’ and detestable.” Sla
 very was one of our vulnerable points.
 Are we mu weakened bv the popula
 tion of those whom we hold in slavery”? I
 he ashed. Cul. Mason thought the
 trade diabolical in ilsell and disgrace
 fol to manhtnd.” He would not admit
 ih** Wool hern Nates (Georgia and the
 *‘aroloisß iuio the I’liem uithssthev
agreed to the discontinuance of this die
 graceful trade." Mr. Tyler thought
 “nothing could jmtfly ft.” P*nck
 Henry, who contended for Slavery coo
 feaaed “Slavery it detested,—we feel its
 fatal effect*, —are deplore it with all tin
 pity of humanity. It would rejeke
 tty very soul that every one of toy fel
 lowr-heinga was emancipated.” Said
 Mr. Johnson, Slavery has been the
 foundation of that impiety and dissipa
 tion which have been so much dissemi
 nated among car countrymen. If it
 were totally abolished it would do muci
 good.”
 In the North Carolina convention n
 was found necessary to aool- gize foi
 the pro-slarery character of tne Con
 stitution. Mr. Iredell in defence said
 the matter of Slavery “was regulatec
 with great difficulty and by a spirit o
 concession which it would not be pru
 dent to disturb for a good many years.’
 It is probable that all the member?
 reprobated this inhuman trafic ii
 slaves], but those of South Carolim
 and Georgia would not consent to ai
 immediate prohibition of it.” V\en
 it practicable to put an end to the im
 portation of slaves immediately, it wouk
 give him the greatest pleasure.”—
 “When the entire abolition of Slavery
 takes place it will be an event whicl
 must be pleasing to every generoui
 mind aad every friend of human nature.’
 Mr. McDowal looked upon the slav&lt;
 trade as a very objectionable part o
 the system.” Mr. Goudy did not wisl
 “to be represented with negroes.”
 Is the South Carolina convention Gen
 Pinckney admitted that the Carolina:
 and Georgia were so weak that the?
 “could not form a union strong enougl
 for the purpose of effectually protecting
 each other;” it was their policy there
 j fore to form a close union with th&lt;
 Eastern States who are strong;” thi
 i Eastern States had been a jhe greates
 sufferers in the Revolution, they hai
 lost everything but their country am
 their freedom;” “we,” the Carolina*
 and Georgia, should let them, in soim
 measure, partake of our prosperity.’
 But the union could come only from a
 compromise; “we have secured ar
 unlimited importation of negroes foi
 i twenty years.” We have obtained
 a right to recover our slaves in what
 ever part of America they shall take
 refuge, which is a right we had not be
 fore.” We have made the best terms
 lur the security of this species of pro
 i perty it was in our power to make; wc
 would have made better if we could,
 I hut on the whole I do not think them
 bad.” No one in South Carolina, il
 seems, thought Slavery an evil.
 Thus the Constitution was assented
 to as “the result of accommodation,”
 thouch containing clauses confessedly
 founded on unjust principles.” The
 North had been false to its avowed con
 victions, and in return higher tonnage
 duties were imposed on foreign than or
 American bottoms,” and goods import
 ed in American vessels paid ten pet
 cent, less duty than the same goods
 brought in those owned by foreigners.”
 The Navigationjlaws” and the To
 bacco” wrought after their kind; South
 Carolina and Georgia had their way.
 I The North, said Gouverneur Morris,
 j in the national Convention, for the
 sacrifiea of every principle of right,
 j of every impulse of humanity,” had
 i this compensation, to bind themselves
 I to march their militia for the defence
 of the Southern States, for their defence
 against those very slaves of whom they
 complain. They must supply vessels
 and seamen in case of foreign attack.
 The legislature will have indefinite
 power to tax them by excises and duties
 on imports.”
 Still, with many there lingered a
 vague belief that Slavery would soon
 perish. In the first Congress Mr.
 Jackson, of Georgia, admitted that “it
 was au evil habit.” Mr. Gerry and
 Mr. Madison both thought that Congress
 had the right to regulate this busi
 ness,” and if they see proper, to make
 a proposal to purchase all the slaves.”
 But the most obvious time for ending
 the institution had passed by; the feel
 ing of hostility to it grew weaker and
 w'eaker as the nation became united,
 powerful and rich; its “mortal wound”
 was fast getting healed.
 Slavery.— Sergeant Talfourd puts
 the following words into the mouth of
 Huon, as expressive of the feelings of a
 noble-minded slave:— Tribune.
 “That I were dead! Oh, what is
 death, compared to slavery! Brutes
 may bear bondage—they were made
 for it, when Heaven set Man above
 them; but no mark, definite and in
 delible, it put upon one man to mark
 him from another, that he should live
 his slave. Oh, heavy curse! to have
 thought, reason, judgment, feelings,
 tastes, passions, and conscience, like
 another man, and not have equal liberty
 to use them, but call his mood their
 master? Why w as I born with passion
 to be free—with faculties to use en
 largement—w ith desires that cleave to
 high achievements—and with sympa
 thies attracting me to objects fair and
 noble, and yet with power over myself:
 as little as any beast of burden? Why
 should I live? There are of brutes
 themselves that will not tame, so high
 in them is nature; —whom the spur and
 lash, instead of curbing, only chafe into
 prouder mettle; —that will let you kill
 them, ere they will suffer you to master
 them. I am a man, and live!”
 j
 From the Reformed PireUyteriaii,Vol.Vll. No. 1.
 UNITED STATE#* CONSTITUTION
 WEIGH* D IN THE BALANCE.
 The Christian is required to prove
 all things, in order that he may hold
 fast that which is good. His attention,
 hoTTc-vt* will be directed pxiacipedly
 to those things in which he is expected
 to bear an active part; and these will
 claim bis inve-tigation, in proportion
 to their importance. The constitution*
 of the churches and nations occupy a
 conspicuous place in these investiga
 tions and the constitution of the church
 and of the nation in which he ie placed,
 claim a prominent position among the
 churches and the nations. To the
 conscientious Christian of every deno
 mination it, these United States, the
 cuootitutioa of the national government
 cannot fad to he a subject of much m
 •ttwat. JIV object «f this eaeny in to
 of latestigatiMi, in proving the moral
character of that instrument. No la*
 boiled ar|uncflt »intended; but merely
 to put the balance of the aanetaary into
 the reader’s hand, and assist him in
 adjusting it, that he, may perform the
 weighing himself. The several objec
 tionable articles of the constitution are
 placed in juxtaposition with collateral
 articles from the Scriptures, and both
 presented at one view. The several
 articles here presented ought to be ex
 amined in their respective connexions;
 and every man should try to do his own
 j thinking. Without denying that there
 i are many things in the* constitution ol
 the United States, which, for the matter
 of them, are good, we leave to others
 the more agreeable service of collating
 them with the divine law, in the same
 manner.
 I. The object» proposed in its forma
 Horn.
 cosrnvcrtos. nivtsa lav.
 5 j PrrmmMt—JWr, the pco- H«*s. viii. 4. Thry h»Tf
 I plr of the I tiite«l State*, set up kinjjv Urt n*&gt;t by
 I it» order lo form a ax** me tb»v have made
 perfect unk&gt;o, evtablisii prinrt-s, hoi 1 knew it not.
 p»tM-r, insure domestic t Cor. SI. Whether,
 tnimjmHki, provide far therefore, ye cat or drink,
 the mmovHi &lt;!cfen*c, pru- or whatstever ye do, &lt;fo
 root** the general we hit re, all to the chary of (toil.
 1 and secure the hleatinf* Col. it*. 17. And what
 of liberty to ourselves and soever ye uo in word oi
 our posterity, do ordiun deed, do all in the name
 and establish this const «o» of the Lord Jesus.
 1 tion for the United States Lev. kt. 10. Proclaim
 i of America. liberty thn««r*!out all the
 i land, unto all the inhabit
 ants thereof.
 k
 t ll. The representation.
 1 comTimiot. nivisa law.
 Art. 1, 2, c/&lt;i*m&gt; 3, Pi. cxv. 16. The bea-
 Representatives ami di- ven,even the heavens arc
 reel taxes shall he appor- the Lords; hut the earth
 tinned among the several liathbe given to the child
 r States which may be in- ren of men.
 I eluded within this Union, Exrk.xlvn.32. Ye shaP
 according in their res- divide it by lot for an in
 pective numbers, which heritance unto you, anil
 shall be determined by to the strangers tliat so
 adding to the whole mini- jiwrn among you ami
 her of free persons, in- they shall lie unto you ai
 eluding those bourn! to born in the country anions
 service for a term of years, the children of Israel
 I and excluding Indians not they shall have inherit
 taxed, three-filths of all aye with you among th«
 other persons. tribes of Israel.
 5 And it shall come t&lt;
 pass, that in what tribe the stranger sojoumeth
 th-re shall ye give bun his inheritance, saitb tin
 Lord.
 l Acts xv ii. 26. And hath made of one blood all na
 tions of men, for to dwell on all the face of the earth
 The distinction here made betweer
 I “free persons” and ‘‘all other per
 sons,” is an example of the kind o
 justice established, and of the extent o
 liberty secured to our precious selves
 All other persons means slaves.
 Here are two new injuries inflictec
 on the slave besides the old one of de
 priving him of liberty. First, he u
 reckoned at the value of only three
 fifths of a man; although dignified with
 the name person,” he is forty pet
 cent, below the estimation in which we
 hold ourselves.” Secondly, the poli
 tical weight of this three-fifths, is put
 into the scale with the master, making
 him something above par in political
 1 value, because he is a tyrant. Even
 among “ourselves,” the slaveholder
 stands pre-eminent; so that the slave
 holding States have a much greater re
 i presentation in the general government,
 j in proportion to the number of persons
 actually represented, than the free
 states which preponderance always
 has acted, and may reasonably be e.x
 pected always to act against the inter
 ests of the slave, and in open.violation
 of the great principle of the divine law,
 Whatsoever ye would that men
 should do to you, do ye even so to
 them;” and is in opposition to the spe
 cial provisions made by the same law,
 for the stranger, Lev. xxiv. 22, “Ye
 shall have one manner of law, as well
 for the stranger as for one of your own
 country.” Num. xv. 10, One law
 and one manner shall be for you and
 j the stranger that sojourneth with you.”
 lII. The Slave Trade.
 COSSTITUTIOS. DIVIXE L A XV.
 Art. 1, 9, clau.e 1, Ex.xxi.l6. And he that
 The imgratiim or import- stealetb a man and acll
 ation of such persons us eth him, or if he be found
 a-iy of the states now ex- in his hand, he shall sure
 isting xlml! think proper ly be put to death,
 to admit, shall not be pro- Ezek. xxvii. 13. They
 liibitc I by tin- Congiess, traded the persons of men
 prior to the year eighteen and vessels of brass in
 hundred aud eight; but a thy market. .Ver.27, Thy
 tax or duty may be im- riches, shall fall into
 posed on such impnrjp- the midst of the seas in
 tion, not exceeding ten the day of thy ruin. V'er.
 dollars for each person. 36, Thou shall lie a terror,
 and never shah be any
 more.
 Rev. xviii. 10. A las, alas, that great city, Bahy
 lon, that mighty city! form one hour is thy judgment
 come. Ver. 11, .No man buyeth her merchandise
 any more. Ver. 13, Sheep, ami horses, and cha
 riots, and slaves, and souls of men.
 The term importation is used only in
 relation to property; and here wc have
 importation of men, women, and child
 ren, and a tax levied on such importa
 tion, dignifying them with the name of
 persons,” and in reality treating them
 as property. The earth is the Lord’s
 and the fulness thereof; he has given
 it to the children of men. See the
 title-deed, Gen. i. 28—30, where the
 Creator makes over to man the right
 of property in certain articles there
 specified; but no mention is made of
 property in his fellow-inan. After man
 had lost this right by sin, it was re
 newed by the Redeemer; but in the
 renewed charter, as it is presented,
 Gen. ix. I—3, there is no mention of
 this new species of property. Even to
 this day the right of property in man
 seems to be among the imperfect rights.
 Under this clause of the Constitution
 the nefarious slave-trade was legalised
 for more than twenty years. It is not
 true, what some assert, that this is now
 a dead letter since the year 1808; for
 the slaves imported under this provi
 sion, and their children, are still held
 as property, and their cries are enter
 ing into the ears of the God of Sabaoth.
 The property imported under this
 clause has never yet been cleared.
 The holders have “duty” to pay in
 the court of heaven.
 GALVANISM.
 The Rev. Dr. Humphrey, furuarl/
 of Amherst, is engaged in making some
 very interesting experiments upon the
 dead body of African Colonization. He
 lias provided himself with a battery
 well furnished with silver plate* from
 the pockets of the cruel and credulous,
 and ia attempting to galvanise the thing
 into life. It has already given a few
 spasmodic kicks, which it somehow
 contrives lo plan' in the faces of its
 victim*-—the tree colored people; but
 whether a will evwr he aide to ner ami
 walk, ia very problematical Perhaps
 H may. when the public cosum irnci gets
 thoroughly drugged with glory,” dis
 tilled from the hnAea hones, crushed
 beams, perforated heart* of the Mnt
cans; for all sorts of devUism may be
 expected to flourish then.
 A project more utterly bereft of
 every element of humanity, or more
 cunningly deviaed to strengthen a mean
 and malignant prejudice against the
 African race, and thus, in other ways
 to strengthen the system of slavery,
 than the Colonization Society, wan
 never devised by evil men. Dnce.
 many true philanthropists were daped
 by its double-dealing and its specious
 pretensions; but now, after the full ex*
 posure of its influence and designs, it is
 difficult to believe that any one who
 reallv loves his fellow-inan and hates
 slavery, can have any connection what
 ever with it. Its appeal* are to what
 is basest in the human heart; and it
 can no more live in the at Biosphere ol
 a pure Christianity, than Satan could
 live in heaven. As soon as men learn
 ito regai d each other as brethren, and
 (God as the common Father ol all, they
 w ill no more think of banishing a n»n
 from his native land because of his
 complexion, than they would of eating
 him. Were all the blacks in our coun
 try, by some miraculous interposition
 to be suddenly changed into w hites, we
 should hear bo more of the beauties o!
 i African Colonization. —Charter Oak.
Rev. James T. Woodbury of Acton
 Mass., brother of the Hon. Levi Wood
 bury, when delivering lectures on the
 subject of Slavery, not unfrequently ad
 verts to the circumstance which drewr his
 attention to the subject. During his
 stay in the Capital of the United States,
 he had a wish to visit the tomb of Wash
 ington. He was attended by an aged
 negro, whose business it has been for
 many years, to guide travellers to that
 consecrated spot. This old man was
 formerly the slave of General Washing
 ton. Mr. Woodbury asked him if he
 had any children.
 I have had a large family,” he re
 plied.
 And are they living?” inquired the
 gentleman.
 The voice ofthe aged father trembled
 with emotion, and the tears started to
 his eyes, as he answered:
 “I don’t know whether they are
 alive or dead. They were all sold
 away from me:—and I don’t know what
 became of them. I am alone in the
 world—without a child to bring me a
 cup of cold water in my old age.”
 Mr. Woodbury looked on the infirm
 and solitary being with feelings of deep
 compassion.
 And this thought he is the fate of
 slaves, even when owned by so good a
 man as General Washington! VN ho
 would not be an abolitionist?”
SLAVERY and THE SLAVE TRADE.
 We extract the following from the Eight!
 Annual Report of the British ami Eoreigi
 Anti-Slavery Society
 THE EMANCIPATED COLONIES.
 However much it may be disputec
 by interested pers ns, the Cornmittet
 are of opinion that the great draw
 back on the general prosperity of tht
 emancipated colonies will be lomid in
 the present laws affecting labor, and
 the blind rage which exists among n
 certain portion of the West India body,
 for the introduction of large masses ol
 immigrant laborers into them. The
 laws are so constructed as to drive
 labor almost exclusively into one chan
 nel, and to place the laborers at the
 mercy of their employers. This, of
 eourse, creates discontent, ‘and may
 soon lead to consciences opposite to
 those which are intended. The .'otre
 duction of immigrants, at the expanse
 of the colonial treasuries, imposes bur
 dens too heavy for them to bear. The
 large drain upon the resources of the
 people over and above that which the
 civil service requires, impoverishes
 them. The gains flow at present into
 the hands of comparatively few; hut
 this state of things cannot continue
 long.
 With respect to the conduct of the
 emancipated classes, their general
 freedom from crime, and their advance
 in knowledge and respectability, it is
 most satisfactory to be able to report
 not only favorably, hut triumphantly.
 The Committee would gladly produce
 the proofs, but the limits of their report
 will not permit them.
 THE INTRODUCTION OF SLAVE-CROWN
 PRODUCE INTO BRITISH MARKETS.
 The Committee did not anticipate, at
 the last annual meeting of the Society,
 that the principle on which slave-grown
 sugars had been excluded from the
 British markets, would have been so
 readily abandoned. They need not
 recall the painful subject to the atten
 tion of their friends, further than to
 state, that, after using their best efforts,
 to avert a step which, in their deliber
 ate judgment, could not fail to inflict
 additional injury on Africa, and grie
 vous wrong on the slave population in
 South America and the foreign West
 Indies, they found nothing remaining
 for them to do but to enter their decided
 protest against it. The measure which
 filled them with grief, was received in
 Cuba and Brazil with exultation; the
 value of slave property immediately
 rose; the investment of fresh capital in
 estates cultivated by slaves followed;
 and a new impulse was given to the
 slave trade. To counteract, as far as
 possible, the injnrious tendency of this
 measure, the Committee have felt it to
 be their duty, earnestly and urgently,
 to call on their friends, and the iriends
 of the slave, to refrain, as far as prac
 ticable, from the use of slave-labor
 produce; and to recommend the same
 practice to others, as an import am
 auxiliary means to promote the extinc
 tion of both slavery and the slave
 trade.
 frocrms or axti-slavert in ra**ic.
 The fruits of anti-slavery efTorts.
 based on right principles, begin to
 pear in France. This great country,
 the Committee hope, m about to redeem
 rta character, and that no great pern at
 will be allowed to elapae before ,t g„ r
 freedom to da slave*. |Vm ton* mfned
 b» upwards of lI.HUM of g« miaens
 prayiwfi bur tht* immediate and complete
 a bo In ten of slavery, bare engaged ih«
 attention of lb* Chambers of Pe. rs and
 I front lea.
 Tbrae petition* were signed bv three
 Mtbnga, nineteen vir era-general, eight
 hundred and Mt-ngM rvrti, vn *r« 01
priests, eighty-six presidents of consis
 tories and pastors of the Protestant
 Church, sevea members of the insti
 tute, one hundred and fifty-one elective
 councillors, two hundred and thirteen
 magistrates and members of the bar,
 and upwards of nine thousand me*l
 chants, proprietors, and workmen.
 The discussion in the Chamber of
 Peers was unsatisfactory in it* charac
 ter and result. The recommendations
 of the petitioners were set aside, nof a
 single peer besides the Count de Men
 tal* mbert speaking on behalf of the
 suffering and oppressed slaves. The
 report on the petitions proposed pa-sing
 to the order of the day, which w* s
 done without a division. 'I he ea-e,
 however, was different in the Chamber
 of Deputies. There, after two dai sof
 earnest dehate, in which M. Jules de
 Lasteyrie, M. Lacrosse, and M. Le
 dru-Kollin greatly distinguished fh« m
 solvcs; and notwithstanding every ef
 fort on the part of M. Jollivet, the paid
 delegate for the colonies, and M.
 Baron Mackau, the Minister of Mamie
 and Colonies, tire petitions were ordered
 to he formally laid before the President
 of the Council, the Minister of Marine,
 and the Minister of Justice. 'I bis was
 a great triumph. The warmest thanks
 of every abolitionist in this country are
 eminently duo to the distinguished mers
 who so nobly and eloquently vindicated
 the rights of the slaves. We trust the
 triumph which has been achieved will
 be followed up,-and that the petitions
 next year will be multiplied a hundred
 fold.
t SLAVERY IN THE NORTH-WEST
 TERRITORY.
 Si.avf.hoi.ding Missionaries among
 the Indians. —Richard Mendenhall, a
 Friend, stationed among the Shawnee
 Indians, writes to the Xaliotutl Fro,
 i under date of “Friends’ Shawnee
 School, Indian Territory, 10 mo. IJOth,
 1847,” that slavery exists in that terri
 tory as far north as the 00th degree of
 north latitude. A few slaves are held
 j by a single Indian chief, who, he says,
 is the only Indian in that part of the
 Territory, so far as he knows, who
 either holds or employs a slave. He
 says many ot the Indians are opposed
 to slavery, and will not deliver up fu
 gitives; w hile others w ill, for a reward,
 or fearing the fate of the Seminole*,
 apprehend and give them up; thus
 proving that they are receiving the
 vices, if not the virtues of civilization.
 But,” the writer continues, it is
 white men in the service of the goverrv
 ment of the United States, and niisaion
 aries, that have introduced slavery
 here. And some may he startled at
 the information that missionaries have
 slaves; but startling as it mav he, such
 is the fact. I presume that no one will
 be more surprised than 1 was, on o m
 ing here, to lind such a state of things.
 I There is a very extensive missionaiy
 j establishment here, under the eaic of
 the Methodist Church South, and,
 strange as it may appear, they have
 some half dozen or more slaves, to
 assist in civilizing and Christianizing
 the Indians. Is not this the climax of
 inconsistency And this system of oper
 ations is not without its results; for
 some of the children who have been at
 this mission have that aversion to labor
 which is so common among w hite peo
 ple in a slaveholding community; w hirl*
 is a sad state of things, for it is highly
 important that these Indian children
 should he trained to habits of industry.
 My object, in bringing this ruhjei t
 to public notice is, that something may
 he done for the removal of slavery from
 this part of the Territory, Cannot (his
 subject he laid before the proper autho
 rities J ‘t Washington After thu*
 briin'in" it to public notice, I shall look
 to the friends of in the cast to
 attend to it.
 U this object should be parried out,
 it might subject me to hitter persecu
 tion here, and perhaps oblige me n?
 leave the Territory; but, after mature
 deliberation, I have determined to
 bring the subject to public notice at all
 hazards. lam engaged in labors of a
 public natun for the good of a much
 injured people; and a.though my lot is
 at present cast among the iudiaus, vet
 I am no less a friend to the sable sfns
 of Africa than to the poor outra"cd
 Indian.”
A Colored British Governor.—
 By recent V\ est India papers w e learn
 that the Lieut. Governor had left for
 England, and that a Mr. James Lang
 Biemner, a colored gentleman, lias
 assumed the reins of government. It
 is said, he is the first of his race who lias
 had the honor of representing the sove
 reign as the governor of a British
 colony.
Can they sell a Freeman ?—lt is
 said, that 1). Burns, a colored school
 master, at Wilmington, Delaware, has
 been sentenced to ten months’ unpns
 onrnent, and to he sold as u slave, out
 of the state, for aiding the escape of
 slaves.
 Emancipation of Slaves in French
 Guiana. —-The colonists of Guiana,
 having considered the subject of the
 emancipation of their slaves, propose to
 pass an immediate uct of emancipation,
 on condition that the slaves thus eman
 cipated shall be bound to service for
 years, and remain with the plantation;
 that France shall pay a-piece for
 every slave emancipated, two-thirds of
 which shall go to the owners, and the
 remainder to constitute a fund to pav
 for importing laborers fniu Asia and
 Africa.
 Mas* i Avt is If r-A»» —TV f*Wv «f
 Mr d« Sulhomjf funtvtrffl h&gt; I.w.
 In r. if— to many M |r M rsn
 rej*l and write*. IV pour*
 Ifitr sound pms*i|k that a.aoau must «r*»
 &lt;jiiabfied In outrun bi-r oflhpruiz too •hr
 l»e permit led to marry 1 In* pfiMiptr, fully
 »mt umveraaHv acted on, wntild alitiNi Hie
 wtfrM move rap dty in n* ckhi i&gt;t usynse
 wvt Uiau any other raua* withm ih« lanyt*
 iff tsamihiltti W »rr ill »i4ieti loatrwetrd
 Mw edtM-At&gt; &lt;1 areorthiiff to lk* ir aptUilttir*,
 Vrr Would hr an r»lt-u» and thuftee mi do-
 SMr rdueairwi that would u&lt;lL •ih r «mm
 la* or* bit ihr i hatart* rof a p ijhi than lit*
 bst ut|thiir*i wh*»»l u« Ih&gt; Uilff
 iodis'd, cannot hair ihrit ti*tl Hfcwt without
 ihe ho mum Wh it a lii td t artiallt M
 law m a j*tm*t*» »wnwmwi&gt;i hie Inland,
 -an hr darted an lt weft* hift h u&lt;
 iltww nmiw r» llxoel end *itlh*.»l hi o* **l
 adorer* and |***tdir hum ion t Aa* A
"
