"FREDERICK lH)t (iL VMS,
 V. K lull A NY, l EMTOE
VOL I. NO. 11.
The NORTH STAR p«bli»hed every
 Friday, at No. ‘ZS. Iltiflalo street,
 IV Arcadf
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* jwr auimui, v&gt; in n .1!^
 •n*wcn}»Uoa u&gt;H 1« iw'^' l ,r
 ij,,,.. io« rt.il
 Aih. rtiwmeot- tv* crer,.. j f
 rt.ro* torn- for .ok- H .IW; c*crv
 timi, twenty-fire ro»Ti«.
 MLW.ttT in 'U it* l"r.n*
 v t h the ttlamlnnl
 UmrKHSvi. I.ttvHtifvi
 .r r..- t,«
 1 V V
 f IIM I IHOI to tilt- llIKfcK
 ■ao-l hmmti il"'
 MtMtovt of OUT E«tOKO l EL tow toi&gt;.
 TSTSKM*
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 *4- AH eormnnnirwtionii relating to the bnmut*
 &lt;-f the (K ,|M-r. iiant* «&gt;f ou»»w&lt; t tl*» r«, r
 twneM, he., .houia lie »a4ri*»e&lt;l U&gt; Jon* I&gt;ivk,
 P "£?Tgei.ls an ntl other, wwlin;
 CiMtlol to Ik artun.tr, an*l i' T&lt; to‘‘
 J an.l tin- Slot'. E-ieh SoWnlx* is tm-
 WN-vliateU emitted for money reertve.l.
 f f L ,H-r..H, o-mlmt: it. the pa.meot for U,
 n.,l«rnU-t,, to U- fmward"d to one hm\
 Uarr n lift*.«»« f»r one year. _
 ft&gt;-All letters ami coiaiautncatioiw must 1*
 paid.
 I.IST OF AOENTS.
 Ito.toii; N.tt'uu .l ol.iison, W" lle.ltonl; I 1.. rat...
 I'ow,. r I,av.-ll; Ji.me' N. r-Hd-im.
 Kvaie', \V.«&lt;•&lt;•&lt;,et Bottn-t S,..mm r. I lunoi 1..
 Charles 11. Seth, S|.ri.igtN-M D:ni«i ,ul
 11. 1 1
 livrr l i «rl! n*l.
 V t K HUNT. —lt n\l:illil T. Rol»itV'"t'»
 Tiff-T.—Jonathan Leo:, trd. Xj-w H ive..
 %MV I i,,,.:0. I.i e.to,,
 l\, &gt;v Vi.KK.— Si 11. &lt;«:n, Ilf V--
 Stnsl; James Met .me Smith, 93, W est B|&lt;*a,Kva&gt;
 low. oil Post We.'tluirt, tllieell oilill\ Maiv H ir
 i Ali'.mx; Eli..- l»otv, Mneedott; Willett.- Kj e-e.
 Peru, ,'liiiton Count\; William S. Ihilumotv, I toy;
 J. E. Wall, Pcitii V':»■«; J. Jeffrey, Cettevn; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 UltoliK Ist. t nl l \	n:ir.tnry 1 ante, I rovuteiiee.
 p, jt sviv an 11. —J. M. M Kim.dl, North ilili
 Philadelphia;-tJ. W. (ioim-s, S, Exelia.ige
 I’la,-e. Ditto; |j. Itowii,rillslmi'oh; Wm. !ii|j|h i
 Cmluml.iii; Isaac. lL.Drts, Jaeol.
 towu, Montgomery County, Mi.o A. 1 nwnsen.!,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. t 'liriwtiau Dou.d lson, t mrinnatt; \.:&lt;t
 roil and &lt;iaines. Ditto; Valentine Nieholwon, llai
 vevslan glt, Wat ren Co. Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Mi&lt; iiiam.—Rol«‘tl BaiiUi-, Detroit.
 ImilA&gt; A.— Joel P. Davis, EcolloltU, Wi.VIH-
Selections.
 I'roiu the \on-Slavehokler.
 EXTRACTS
 /•Vow the Ijilhrx of tin A jint of tin: Philchiphiu
 I'm JWaer AssuiKilim.
 Huvinir I»com called upon from vari
 ous tpiarlcrs Ity our frit'uds, for some
 account of tlic visit to the South, last
 winter, of the “Hiiladeiphia Free Pro
 duce Association of Friends,” for the
 purpose of collecting information ot the
 production of cotton, sugar and rice
 labor, wo are now enabled to lay before
 our readers sundry extracts from
 letters, written whrffe travelling through
 parts of Tennessee, Mississippi, Lou
 isiana, Texas and Arkansas.
 LETTER NO. I.
 Lafayette Co., Mix*., I*l Mo. 11th, ISIS.
 “A. H. and l. T., owners of a gin
 furnished by the Philadelphia Free
 Produce Association of Friends, think
 there will he no difficulty in procuring
 two hundred hales of free grown cot
 ton in the vicinity ot their gin.” Near
 the close of this letter the writer says:
 There might he thousands ot hales of
 free cotton collected through this coun
 try, hut for the ginning and packing, or
 baling.”
 NO. 11.
 Yalalmb* Co., Mix*., 12th too. 20, IS»7.
 1 am now at my very kind and hos
 pitable friend near f'ollee
 ville, eighty-live miles from Memphis.
 I must take occasion to say, that tim
 ing much of the time 1 have been in
 this State, there has been a gloom over
 my mind—my eyes pained with seeing,
 and my cars with hearing; hut since l
 arrived here the cloud has considcla-
 Jdy disappeared. Afy friend, though a
 Louisianian and a slaveholder, is one
 of the finest men 1 have met with. Jlis
 whole soul appears to he in the great
 case. He has been proving his faith
 by his works in liberating a part of his
 slaves, and intends doing likewise with
 those he lias on hand when he cun get
 those who are connected in marriage
 with them, hut do not belong to'him. 1
 wish I had space to give a history of
 Jlis trials and difficulties. I (is enemies
 have arraigned him before the (iraud
 .fury, hut failing there, they resorted
 to an organized iu »b, linuly bound by a
 written article, hut in this too they
 failed in executing their fiendish design.
 He has a considerable and increasing
 number of friends, and the excitement
 lias died away in some degree.”
 NO. 111.
 I. u ivctu: f. Mis.'., Ist mo. Gili, I''l7,
 ’Pile writer has been :n Chickasaw
 C. unify, and found a considerable num
 ber of free laborers, hut no gin worked
 by free labor. He had some encour
 agement that one would be procured by
 a lather and three sons. The father
 appears to be a pious man, refuses to
 bold slaves, though fully able to own
 tbrni, iji»r wifi 1( Jiire; one.” About
 IHI bales ot cotton might be collected
 there.
 of Valabtisha Co., a
 very intelligent man, says he will en
 gage to furnish IGOH or ‘2OOO hales ot
 free collon—purchase at tho market
 price ai various shipping points, pay
 htorage, attend p&gt; shipping and insur
 ing, devote his whole time to the busi
 ness, and have the cotton ginned by
 free labor—giving bceuriiv f or the right
 performance of the whole.”
 NO. IV.
 Mn ltiH &lt;V',, Men., |a mo. ||,j,
 Since lity last, I have directed ut\
 course this way, and, after some seri
 ous difficulties with high water, arrued
 at my friend IL- tUi&gt;
 done us cliicieut aid, bj picp.oiug tin
 nimds of the people m Unj neighbor
THE NORTH-STAR
liofwl for our operations. This is the
 man wc talked of sending a gin to when
 wc sent one to Since that time
 a gin has hern erected in this settle
 ment, managed entirely by free labor.
 by two brothers named which
 performs well, and this neighborhood
 a'fords one of the best opportunities foi
 procuring free cotton that I have heard
 of. Only three or four families hold
 skives in the whole settlement—all ap
 pear content without them. Sev
 eral with whom I have conversed think
 the cultivation of this kind of cotton
 will increase rapidly, if our arrange
 ment is gone into, so that they can have
 a market that will justify them in hand
 ling their cotton nice aud clean, which
 they all prefer. Hut the large planter,
 by having a large lot of cotton, and
 1 purchasing a great quantity of gro
 cerics, gets very nearly as much as the
 small cleau lots bi*t«g, which discour
 :x«rcf the small growers from taking as
 much pains as they otherwise would.—
 j Some of these, not being keen traders,
 arc swindled out of at least part of the
 price; so that a system of fair dealing
 would, 1 have no doubt, soon gain the
 confidence of this class of the commu
 nity.
 After giving the names of the culti
 vators of \J!‘J bales of the free grown
 and free ginned cotton, the letter con
 cludes thus: 1 shall, Providence per
 milting, still continue my labors uua
 1k ted in the most favorable regions ol
 I country. This business is, as I knew
 before 1 came this time, trying to tlx
 natural mail —often meeting the frowns
 and the scofls of the aristocratic pari
 of the community: yet all here readily
 agree that vve cannot he consistent
 w ithout adopting our course. There it
 no difficulty in the peop’e here seeing
 this, and strange it is to me that there
 should anywhere, hut especially among
 a people professing what we do.”
 NO. V.
 Tennessee, Ist mo. 2oth, 1848.
 1 am happy to state that we fount
 the opportunity of getting free coltor
 far better in this county (MacNairy'
 than vve anticipated, or expected to lint
 anywhere. A large portion of the cit
 izens caine from Friends’ settlementsii
 North Carolina, and can readily under
 stand our operations, many entertaining
 similar feelings. The land being bro
 ken, there is no chance for large farm
 ers to work their slaves. Among tliest
 small but contented farmers, there is s
 coifkidcrable number of gins managed
 entirely by free labor.”
 The writer then gives the names of
 the cultivators of 771 hales of tree
 grown and free ginned cotton, and
 adds: 1 am every day more and more
 confirmed in the rectitude of our course.
 Five minutes is time enough to con
 vince any one of the consistency of it.
 1 sometimes fear that Ihc light wq have
 ut the North will arise and condemn
 many. Pc encouraged and persevere,
 is my desire, let it fare with us as ii
 may.” While last at Mem
 phis, I was introduced by one of mv
 friends to a merchnat of New Orleans,
 who told me that there was living wit!:
 him a sugar planter who was now try
 ing the experiment of paid labor. He
 had hired thirty Germans, and vvu*
 going to plant one hundred acres ii
 cane.” It is the opiniot
 of .all here that free labor will increase
 in this part of the country. Wc are
 now at the house of whe
 I tells me there arc but two slaves in hi:
 neighborhood.” “1 hear o
 of a number of other gins in this anc
 the adjoining county, owned and man
 aged entirely hv free laborers, whicl
 we intend visiting.”
 NO. VI.
 J.kxitiio, Mix*., 2d mo. 2.1,1«I8.
 “My last was mailed at Adainvillc
 containing an account of 771 hales o
 cotton that could he had in that section
 Since lli.it date, we have made severa
 other arrangements, which will accom
 pany this. Thus far wc have succeed
 ed fur better than our most sanguine
 anticipations could have imagined.”
 The writer gives the names of the
 cultivators of dll hales of cotton, and
 says: “1 cannot close without express
 j ing something of inv feelings when in
 MacNairy aud Hardin counties, Tenn
 A large portion of the citizens there
 came from Guilford county, South Car
 olina. I think I never saw so clearly
 the necessity &lt;1 Friends being consist
 ent and faithful, as when among those
 kind people. When taking iny hand,
 they would recur hack to early times
 to impressions made at an early day by
 the consistent, orderly walking of the
 Friends. It is sweetly recollected by
 i them now in their hoary locks. I an
 satisfied that ii Friends had stood theii
 ground iu the South, things here woult
 be in a better condition. Put insteac
 of hearing a firm and faithful testimony,
 they have congregated in the north
 west, become honorable aud opulent
 too much forgetting the poor slave, une
 vve have only to open e&gt;ur eyes to site
 the consequences. I think I said ii
 mv last, that live minutes was time
 enough to satisfy any person in thi:
 country that vve had met with of tin
 consistency of our course, and it wi!
 not he too much to say it again. Oil
 what an influence-it would have if ul
 1 were willing to conic up square to th&lt;
 mark! I thought 1 had a specimen o
 this while at ’s gin. Whih
 1 I was taking the names of fiis custom
 ers, e ight &lt;;r nine men standing by, am
 the principal slaveholder iu the nctgii
 borhood among them, 1 was iutroducm
 by the gin-holder —a rough-spoken e»h
 man —as a gentleman buying cotton foi
 an Abolition Company to manufacture
 This drew forth some remarks, and i
 proceeded to take the names of tin
 neighbors ui course omitting liiii
 slaveholder, lie being a little* to om
 !„ule, observed to the gm own. r, that
 i was hard, after be had worked and go
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR— GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL. AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
a few nigger*, he roust he kicked out of
 society, i was delighted to hear
 give the character of one of
 his customers —a cultivator of cotton,
 and a free man oi color—as one of the
 most upright and pious Christians l io
 that country.
 NO. VII.
 H'jfl ’prin"*, Mi-*., 21 mo. 7th, I*l*.
 “Ininylnst! mentioned some free
 labor gins that we expected to visit; we
 accordingly did so, ntul herewith send
 1 an account of hales.’’
 ‘’We were advised to call on
 a Baptist minister, lie has agin
 and two slaves, hut was bold to de
 nounce the system before we told our
 bus ness, and says be intends to liber
 ate them as soon as lie can make ar
 rangements to do so. He bad bought
 them from a cruel master, and thought
 in so doing he would be justified; but
 ■ha does not fiol ua. we to'd him
 what arrangements we wanted to make
 to procure free cotton, he understood it
 immediately, and is anxious to enter in
 to it with us. His neighborhood is a
 good one to operate in, having but few
 slaves iu it. He says many of his
 neighbors arc of the same sentiment
 with himself, ami he thinks the cultiva
 tion of free cotton will increase there.
 If you engage with him, he will not al
 -1 low his slaves—one of whom is a house
 woman, wife of the other—to touch the
 cotton while it is ginning and prepar
 ing, until he secures their emancipa
 tion. lie thinks he can get several
 hundred hales in Tishamingo and Tip
 pah counties, (Miss.,) if you should
 think proper to employ him to collect.
 I inquired into his character, and the
 people of Ripley told me he could get
 the best security to any amount for the
 correct performance of anything he
 promised to do. I hope you will at
 tend to him; he needs kind and broth
 erly treatment, and I trust he will he
 useful to the cause. Ills gin is now
 worked entirely by white laborers.”
 We have made an arrangement
 with a Methodist minister,
 1 and owner of a gin worked by free la
 bor. He at first laughed at the idea of
 a people refusing to use the productions
 ;of slave labor, but on hearing it ex
 plained, be readily saw the consistency
 of such a course, and willingly consent
 ed to enter into an arrangement to
 sell us his cotton.”
 NO. VII.
 On Ixinrd SlcamUtat Saliidin, from Memphis
v Oilcan*, 2d iim*. 20, 1818.
 I am pursuing my journey alone,
 having left iny wife at Memphis; and
 e .pect, Providence permitting, to go
 by water to Galveston, Texas, then
 travel through that country and Arkan
 sas.”
 “In a previous letter I mentioned
 of New Orleans, who gave
 encouragement about sugar. 'Since
 tlrut time I opportunity, of
 inquiring into his character. I learn
 that he is a Christian professor, and
 stands rather remarkably fair ns a mer
 chant of uprightness and honesty. I
 chanced to meet vviih him the other day
 at Memphis; he took my arm, and said
 he was happy to meet me, for he was
 of the same opinion with me iu this
 matter, and would gladly give assist
 ance iu our undertaking. He said he
 had been proving his faith by his works,
 in emancipating several slaves, who are
 now in New York. He gave me the
 name of the sugar planter alluded to,
 and says he vviil not own a slave: he
 keeps everything niee upon his farm,
 and all dine at one table with much or
 der and decorum. speaks
 highly of the intelligence and piety of
 many of the people of color in New
 Orleans; and says: ‘Give them a fair
 chance, anfl ?.und vvii.l up.’
 I was introduced to a cotton mer
 chant in Memphis by the name of
 formerly of Virginia. He was
 acquainted with Friends in Virginia—
 much admired them, and expressed an
 entire willingness to aid us any way lie
 can. Although he is a slaveholder, he
 sees the con*istency of our testimony.
 a slaveholder, has ren
 dered mo efficient aid in prosecuting
 my business. He has au extensive ac
 quaintance in the South, and gave me
 names and introduced ine to persons of
 congenial feeling. He has emancipated
 some of his slaves, and intends to clear
 himself this season of the system.”
 a slaveholder, who lives
 near Mississippi, was raised
 among Friends in Wayne county, N.
 Carolina, is now a high professing
 Methodist. lie esteems Friends and
 their testimonies very highly, and is
 not satisfied in holding slaves, but in
 tends to come out of it. lie secs the
 consistency of our testimony, and, hav
 ing a water cotton gin. says if we will
 trust to him, he will gin all the free
 cotton in his neighborhood himself, hire
 white men to hale it, and give what en
 couragement he can to our cause.
 a slaveholder, of same
 post office, but in another settlement,
 formerly a merchant in N. Alabama,
 has traded to Philadelphia, lie became
 acquainted with Friends there, and at
 tended their meeting. He fully under
 stands our course, and its consistency,
 and savs that no southern gentleman of
 good understaudiug will object to our
 undertaking. His objection to the
 Northern people, is their inconsistent,
 hypocritical pretensions to liberty,while
 the free colored man is fettered there.
 ()h, w hat a work is before us, if we are
 but faithful!
 J might instance many similar ca
 ses, but time and space forbid it. 1
 give these to encourage you to perse
 vere in this work of mercy, justice and
 love. I have my times of trial and dis
 couragement, but am compelled iu the
 midst to cxclaiui, The w ork is on the
 wheel! There were some signs of ex
 citement when i first got to Mississippi,
 bui I vhacd all those places, andsoum
 of them mute tuau once, and 1 sua
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1848.
happy to say, I believe it had mostly
 subsided when I left. You w ill observe,
 in corresponding with those whom I
 have recommended, that, as formerly.
 not many mighty, not many noble a t
 called,’ but thousands of the poorer
 order here have the good seed spring
 ing up ready to bloom, and even bear
 fruit, to the honor of the Great Hus
 bandman.”
 This letter gives an account of about
 I*2o bales of free cotton.
 (TO BE CrMTISl’En,]
 BOSTON IN EARLY TIMES.
 1010.—Edward Palmer was hired to
 build a pair of stocks, and on being
 adjudged as asking a great price for
 them, was sentenced to be put in them
 for one hour; and Captain Stone was
 sentenced to pay £lOO to Justice Cud
 low, for calling him a just-ass, and also
 prohibited from coming into Boston,
 without the Governor’s leavo, upon pain
 of death. Josiah Plastow, for stealing
 four baskets of corn from the Indians,
 was ordered to return eight baskets, to
 be fined Co, and to be called Josias,
 and not Mr. Josi .s, in future.
 1635, Nov. BO.—lt was agreed that
 no further grants of allotments of land
 shall he made to new comers, with
 out they may become members of the
 church.
 March 4, 1034.—Newton. It is like
 wise ordered that musket halls of a full
 boar shall pass currently for four farth
 ings apiece, provded that no one shall
 be compelled to take above 12 pence at
 a time in them.
 4th of 7th month, 1630—Poston.—
 No garment shall be made w ith short
 sleeves, whereby the nakedness of the
 arm may be discovered in the wearing
 thereof, and such as have garments al
 ready made with short sleeves, shall not
 hereafter wear the same, unless they
 cover their arms to the wrist with linen
 or otherwise; and that hereafter no
 person shall make any garment lor
 woman or any of their sex with sleeves
 more than half an ell w ide in their
 widest part, and so proportionable for
 bigger or smaller persons.
 From VVilline r and Smith’s Times.
 THE OCEAN MONARCH BURNT AT
 SEA LOSS OF ONE HUNDRED
 AND FIFTY LIVES.
 Never, in our experience as journ
 alists, has it been our lot to record a
 more painful or melancholy catastrophe
 than the complete destruction of the
 Boston packet *sliip Ocean Monarch,
 Captain Murdoch, which took place oft'
 the port of Liverpool on Thursday last.
 That noble sh p has become a prey to
 lire, and an awful sacrifice of human
 life lias taken place.
 As the subject is one of heart-rend
 ing andkjnclaucholy interest, w r e have
 cndeavTiVed to col reft the most ample
 details respecting its origin, progress,
 and resuits, a» we are sure that both
 our transatlantic and home readers
 will peruse the same with much anxi
 ety.
 We have waited upon Captain Mur
 doch, and from him we have the follow
 ing
 OFFICIAL f.TATEAIEN'T.
 The Ocean Monarch, 1300 tons
 burthen, left the Mersey early on
 Thursday, with about 380 souls on
 board, including the crew and passen
 gers. We discharged the pilot about
 8 o’clock. No incident worthy ol note
 occurred until wc arrived oft theOruis
 hcad at which time it was nearly I*2
 o’clock. Orders were given to tack
 ship, and while hauling the main yard
 it was stated that one of the steerage
 passengers had made a fire in one ol
 the ventilators without reflection I
 imined’ately scut the .toward and an
 other man to extinguish the tire and
 bring up the delinquent who had made
 it. Immediately after tins one ol the
 cabin passengers came on deck and
 stated that the cabin was lull ol smoke,
 which was coming from below. On
 hearing this 1 run down to ascertain
 the position of affairs, and found that
 the ship was actually on fire. I then
 hurried hack to the deck, and gave
 orders to have water poured upon it,
 and directed that the ship should be
 kept before the wind in order to lessen
 the draft, but the flames with a rush,
 almost as instantaneous as lightning,
 burst forth, and in less than five min
 utes the whole stern ol the ship was
 completely enveloped in the fiery em
 inent. 1 then gave orders to have the
 ship brought to the wind. All was now
 a scene of the utmost confusion, noise
 and disorder. Mv orders could not he
 heard. Despair had seized almost
 every soul on board. The scene which
 presented itself was most awful to
 contemplate, much less to look upon.
 The flames were bursting with iin
 i mease fury from the stern aud centre
 of the vessel. So great was the heat
 in these parts that the passengers, mule
 and female, men, women and children,
 crowded to the forepart of the vessel.
 Their piercing, heart-rending shru ks
 for aid were carried by the breeze
 across the darke blue waves. In their
 maddened despair women jumped over
 board with their offspring in their arms,
 and sunk to rise no more. Men fol
 lowed their w ives in frenzy and were
 lost Groups of men, women, anJ
 children, also precipitated themselves
 into the water, in the vain hope ofaeHj
 preservation, bat *he waters ctosed
 over many ol' them forever, and tear
 fully realized the inspired declaration
 that “»u the midst of life we are ia
 death.” 1“ v*«« did entreat aa *l
 of the passengers to be composed. 1
 pointed n«t to them that there were
 several vessels around us, and that, il
 they preserved order, they would all
 j i*. saved that although the ease was
 .desperate, it was not hopeless. It
 uf no avail. Howls of lamentation,
and cries for help, w ere the only an
 swers which 1 could obtain to myj
 entreaties. Finding that every effort
 which I made was unavailing, and that;
 nothing could he done to avoid the j
 total distraction of the ship, in conse
 quence of my orders not being heard.
 1 directed that the anchors should be
 let go, so ns to allow the ship to get
 her head to the wind, and thus, if pos
 sible coniine the flames to the stern,
 la a few iniuutcsihc irizcn-mast went
 over-board—a few minutes more, and
 the mainmast shared the same fate.
 There yet remained the foremast. As
 the fire was making its way to the fore
 part of the vessel, the passengers and
 crew, of course, crowded still further
 forward. To the jibbooin they clung!
 in clusters as they could pack—even
 one lying over another. At length the!
 foremast went overboard snaking the
 fastenings of the jibboom, which, with]
 its load of human beings dropped into
 the water amidst the most heart-rend
 ing screams, both of those on board
 and those who were falling into the
 water. Some ot the poor creatures
 were enabled again to reach the ves-;
 sel, others floated away on spars, but
 many met with a watery grave.
 Meantime, I gave orders to get the
 ship’s boats afloat. Two were got
 overboard, and while in the act of get
 ting the others ready, and cutting away
 the lashings, the tire reached them, and
 they were iinmediatt'ly enveloped in
 flames. On seeing this the passengers
 became more unmanageable than ever.
 It was a painful moment. The shrieks
 of te:ror and alarm baffle all descrip
 tion. Maddened by despair, and in the
 vain hope of being rescued they knew'
 not how, numbers again jumped over
 board. Seeing their sad plight, and
 the awful sacrifice of life which was
 going on, despite of every effort which
 1 made, I gave direction h&gt; throw every
 moveable article overboard, so that
 those who had left the ship might cling
 by them until help arrived.
 The Queen of the Ocran yacht w as
 the first to come to our assistance. Her
 owner, Mr. Thomas Littlcdale, with
 whom were Sir Thomas J lasketh, Mr.
 Tobin, Mr. Palk, aud Mr. Aufrere, or-;
 dcred the boat to be lowered, and pro-'
 cecdcd with an alacrity and zeal,
 aided by the gentlemen named and the
 crew of his craft, to pick up all within
 their reach. I may just here observe
 that the last thing which I did was to
 threw over a topgallantyard, made fast
 with a rope, to keep it along side. The
 carpenter and one or two of the men
 assisted me to do this, and then I told
 tiiose who could hear me to jump over
 hoard and cling to the spar. A good
 many obeyed my directions. At this
 time I was surrounded on all sides,
 both fore and alt, by the flames, and
 seeing no possiole chance of escape if
 ■4* remaimrd for a "-vnmneot longer. I
 followed the spa’’ I had ~cut overboard.
 Several seized bold of the same spar.
 I entreated some of them to let go or all
 would perish, and showed them the ex
 ample by swimming to a plank, by which
 I was enabled to sustain myself for
 about half an hour in the water, when
 I was picked up by the Queen of the
 Ocean.
 The Brazilian steam-frigate Affon
 son, the Prince of Wales, coasting
 steamer, and the New York packet
 ship New World, after .mine time,
 came up and rendered effective ser-,
 vice.
 The Queen of the ocean remained
 along-sido t* 11 three o’clock. At that
 time the vessel was hurrl near to the
 water’s edge, and there were only a
 few passe on hoard, several boats
 being alongside endeavoring to take
 them off.
 Finding that the yacht could do no
 more, Mr. Littbdalo ordered her to
 start for Liverpool, where wc arrived:
 about seven o’clock in the evening.
 Although 1 did pot see the part taken
 by the officers and distinguished party
 on board the Brazilian frigate, yet I
 am bound to return them my grateful
 thanks for the very laudable aud suc
 cessful efforts in rescuing the Jives of so
 many human beings lrocn a watery
 grave, or the still more fearful death by
 tire. Of Mr. Littlcdale, and his com
 pany and crew, I know not how to
 speak their conduct is beyond all
 praise. Mayhem whose liands are
 the issues of life and death, grant them
 in another and a better work! the lull
 reward which such philanthropy and
 benevolent Conduct eminently des
 erve.
 Of the origin of the fire, 1 cannot,
 at present, say. My uiiud has not yet
 been so fully composed as to enable me
 to investigate, with accuracy, the
 probability of the various conjectures
 which arc afloat. At present, I am
 inclined to say that it arose from some
 of the passengers smoking in the
 steerage, contrary to orders.
 The Ocean Monarch hud a very
 valuable cargo, the freight of which,
 together with the passage-money,
 amounted to about
 James Mciidocu.
 Commander of the Ocean Monarch
 A Discovery. .John C. Calhoun
 said in the Senate, just before the ad
 journment, that a large portion ol the
 people of the North were possessed w ith
 the belief that slavery is an evil. A*
 to the of this belief, he confessed
 himself somewhat in the dark, but
 thought it inigA/ he owing to the agita
 tion of the subject in England’ 'Hie
 slaveholding philosopher is too sharp.—
 Blactstoa* Ckrvn.
 j IC7*A Havanm paper give* rather
 a voluminous list of the remains of dtf
 fereat antediluvian beasts, birds and
 'fishes, discovered tn digging a well Lb"
 feet in depth, about *27 miles frotn the
 s&gt;ca shore
Krixa dx- I’liM'-nrc-IVut.
 I mentioned some weeks since that
 some 70 slaves who took passage from
 Washington in the Pearl, in pursuit ol
 freedom, were taken by a piratical
 steamer and carried back, and the offi
 cers imprisoned to await a trial for
 stealing human cattle. 1 now learn
 from an exchange paper that the Grand
 Jury at Washington found three k test
 dr* d ami thirty indictments against the
 three Prisoners of the Pearl each
 prisoner bing charged with one hundred
 and ten offences. If found guilty on
 all the indictments, as they will he il
 found guilty on any, the penalty will he
 IliiO years’ imprisonment, and a fmo ol
 $14,800.
 If theso mon had attempted to libcr
 ato otio American from slavery in
 Turkey, or Algiers, they wou'd have
 been called heroes, and meetings
 would have beeu called in which to
 praise their humanity, bravery and love
 of liberty.
 If they had been captured and im
 prisoned by Turks or Algerines, a war
 ship would probably have been sent to
 demand their release but as they
 attempted to liberate seventy slaves
 from more than Algerine slavery in this
 Messed liberty-loving 'and, they
 must be imprisoned 360 years and pay
 a tine of $11,800! Truly, it makes a
 vast difference whose ox is gored; and
 yet this nation is forever boasting of its
 wise and just laws, its liberty, and
 above all, its Christianity, which tench
 es that all, of every nation, clime and
 color, are one in Christ! Hail Colum
 bia! Hail, Justice! Hail, Liberty!—
 Hail, hypocritical, blood-stained Ame
 ricans, who vote for and support this
 government of thieves!
 Queer Taylor Clubs. —On the re
 ception of the nomination of Van Purcn
 and Adams in Michigan, a special
 meeting of the Taylor Club of Lans
 ing, the capital of the State, was called,
 and the following resolution was declar
 ed carried by the President of the
 Club, S. N. Doty, Esq.:
 Resolved, That in view of the at
 tempt now being made by the party in
 power to extend the area ol slavery
 over the territory recently acquired by
 the United States from Mexico, we now
 consider it the duty ol every well-wisher
 of the human family to exert his influ
 ence to promote the election ot Martin
 Van Ruren to the Presidency, and
 Charles F. Adams to the Vice-Presi
 dency.
 O’Connell. —Walking through Col
 lege Green, a countryman took oil' his
 hat and cheered him—such incidents, I
 need not say, were of constant occur
 rence. O’Connell said: One day I
 was walking through Lonnon with Tom
 Campbell, the poet, and a negro took
 took bis bat and bagged to thank
 me for my efforts against negro sla
 very. Campbell’s poetical fancy was
 smitten, and he exclaimed with great
 fervor, l would rather receive such a
 tribute as that, than have all the
 crowned heads in Europe making bows
 to me!”
 Anecdote of Patrick Hf.nry.—
 When the celebrated Patrick Henry,
 of Virginia, was near the close of his
 life, he laid his hand on the Bible, and
 addressed a frie.id who was with him,
 Here is a book worth more than all
 others printed; yet it is my misfortune
 never to have read it with proper at
 tention until lately.” About the some
 time he wrote to his daughter—“l have
 heard it said that deists have claimed
 me. The thought pained me more than
 the appellation of Tory: for I consider
 religion of infinitely more importance
 than politics, and 1 find much cause to
 reproach myself that I have lived and
 given no decided public proof of my be
 ing a Christian.”
 Maxims and Morals run Mer
 chants. —1. The world estimates men
 by their success iu life, and, by general
 consent, success is evidence of sup
 eriority.
 2. Never, under any circumstances,
 assume a responsibility you cun avoid
 consistently with your duty to yourself
 and others.
 ltv.se all your actions upon a
 principle of right preserve your in
 tegrity of character, aud, iu doing this,
 never rcckou the cost.
 4. Remember that self-interest is
 more likely to warp your judgment titan
 all other circumstances combined
 therefore look well to your duty when
 your interest is concerned.
 Never make money at the expense
 of your reputation.
 tt. Ito neither lavish nor niggardly
 of tim two, avoid the latter. A av ail
 inau is universally despised but pub
 lic iavor is a stepping-stone to pre
 ferment —therefore generous feelings
 should be cultivated.
 7. lazl your expenses be such as to
 leave a balance in your pocket. Ready
 money is a friend in need.
 H. Keep clear of the law for. when
 you gain your ease, you are generally
 a loser of money.
 Never relate your misfortunes,
 and never grieve over what you cannot
 prevent.
 10. No man who owes as much as
 he can pay, has any moral right to en
 dorse for another.—l/uu/i Jt§agaziiu.
 I OrifAi Eating in England.— This
 pernicious practice appears to be on
 the alarming increase in England, and
 is evidently extending to all ranks of
 society, By the reports of the Board
 of Trade down to the sth of May, 181 S,
 it is shown that the consumption ol
 opium has beeu doubled in England in
 one year. The imports for lh»‘ d* ug
 for the -pa«l )ea: amounted to
 pound*.
joiix iurK. rii»ii*HKß
WHOLE NO.—-11.
ro^isTK\rv.
 lion. Tayloi, in hi* Delony Utter
 uses the folio %ii»j» language:
 our letter \c., ‘has just reaelieil
 me, in which you say it is a right mbc
 rent in every freeman to himself
 lot the political principles and opinions
 «d those into whose hands the adminis
 tration ot' the government may he
 jihiceed,’ N.c., ‘hi all of which I fully
 coincide w ith you m opinion.
 Again he says in Ins Mlison letter:
 1 have no concealment— l have no
 opinion which 1 would not rcaditv pro
 c'aim to my assembled countrymen.’
 Now let us contrast this with the lol
 owiug from the McConkey letter, which
 has lately appeared, in answer to oimi
 requesting him to make known hit tmw*
 upon the Wilniot proviso:
 'I have laid it down a» a principle,
 not to give my opinions upou the v»*
 i rious questions of policy now at issue
 between the political |&gt;orties of the
 1 country.*
 Is this the ‘rough and ready,’ hlunt
 honesty, which the Taylor men claim
 lor their candidate? The candid ami
 impartial reader can see in it hut evi
 dence of that stooping lor olice which
 marks the conduct of the unset tipulou*
 politician.— JV. V', Ere. Post.
 Tiie Repentant Si.wf.-tr vnr.n(
 —We have seen the statement that
 i Hope 11. Slattcr, of Baltimore, who
 has amassed an immense fortune by his
 traffic in Ciod’s little children, hail bc
 comc sick of his business and given it
 it up. The tidings seemed too good to
 lie true, and we could hardly credit it
 i especially as we could not hear that his
 penitence or disgust at his employment
 i liad prompted any efforts on his part to
 restore any of the poor victims of his
 avarice to their homes and friends.
 Still we hoped it might he true that
 i sonic true word had reached his heart,
 and kindled his remorse, and was work
 ing reform within him; but we infer
 from the following diabolic advertise
 ment, which we cut from the Ceulrtrille
 (Md.) Times, that Slattcr still continues
 his fiendish business. It is a standing
 advertisement, dated January Ist, hut
 it is still continued in the paper. ('an
 Dr. Sondgrass inform ns whether
 through mistake or by authority?
 WANTED.—Hav
 ing recently returned from New Or
 leans, and being desirous to purchase
 a large number of negroes, such ns
 held hands, house-servants, and me
 -1 chanics, for which I will pay the very
 highest cash prices, persons having ne
 groes to dispose of will find it to their
 interest to call on me at my old estab
 lishment, No. ill‘2 Pratt St., between
 Sharp and How ard. All coininunica
 tions promptly attended to if addressed
 to
 Hope 11. SLATfEß,Baltimore,
 f ---rrtvw pjpa. Freeman.l
 llorsEUoi.n Darncas.—lf the paper
 wasted in vain attempts to soft soap the
 ladies into washerwomen, could he re
 stored to the pristine form, whut n
 fine w ashing of clothes would there be,
 i iny contrywomen!
 What would he a more beautiful
 i illustration of womanly dependence and
 manly courage, than a lady gracefully
 cleaning handkerchiefs and laces, while
 her loving lord boldly wrestles with tho
 counterpane and table cloths!
 We will darn your stockings for you,
 gentjemen; we’ll make your puddings;
 but while you continue to prefer smok
 ing segars to smoking Imcon: uutitl
 i.ig each other with hard words in politi
 cal debates, to the equally gentlemanly,
 and more useful employment of maul
 ing rails, graciously condescend to pity
 our weakness—let us dance a little,let us
 make a little music, and Oh! leave us
 time to read and dress a little. Have
 compassion, kind sirs. Turn us not in
 to water nymphs and Bulamaudcr*!—
 Gracs Greenwood.
 Abolition or .Slavery ij» Dim*
 ware.—Petitions arc in circulation 14
 abolish slavery in this Slate. Tho fol»
 lowing is the whole petition, viz:
 ‘Your petitioners, votalde citizen* of
 the State of Delaware, respectfully ask
 that you will enact such laws as in your
 wisdom may lie deemed necessary for
 tho immediate abolition ol Slavery in
 Delaware, with the least possible inju
 ry to vested rights.’ Hi cry exertion
 w ill he made by the opponents of Sla
 very in this State to get it abolished at
 the next session of the Legislature.
 The New Post Deuce Rill for
 newspajx.*r*, which passed the House
 of Representatives recently, has re
 stored to publishers of paper* the right
 to forward them free of postage to sub
 scribers residing in the county, or with
 in :M) miles of where the paper is print
 ed. Paper* sent a hundred miles pay
 hu!f a cent, and over one hundred mile*
 one cent postogo—if of no greater size
 than nineteen hundred square inches.
 Papers of greater size, with pamphlet*,
 magazine*, £ec., will pay two cents an
 ounce, nud one cent for each additional
 ounce.
 At the recent term «»1 the Jeflcr-
 MW Circuit Court in Kentucky, I urimr
 Roberts, a tree colored man. aj
 dered to In; sold into servitude lor l«
 months, for the crime of living m krn
 tuckv. This decision was made under
 the State law, ••against lb« migration of
 free black* into Kentucky under f*»aJ
 !ty of tim and imprisonment, if unable
 to give security to leave the State.
 Horace Manu’a apeech was
 was public!y read on the last Sabbath,
 ul P. M. in the Methodi*! Church in
 Mtilvile. The audience wai large and
 attentive, and the *pc« ch is universally
 regarded in this quarter a* one of the
 very best ever made in Congrear upon
 any subject
"
