"Notices.
U» *t, New York Anti-Slavery Society.
 The Executive (ommittco will meet 01
 Tuesday evening next, (V*t. 10th, at th&lt;
 Anti-Slavery Office, *25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance i* re pi- Med at 7 o clock pre
 c.selv.
 W. r. NELL, Ucc. Sec.
 Anti-Slavery Meeting.
 Tine (jiAKVt Ladies' A. S. S. Socikt
 give notice that they have secured the sei
 iocs of Mr. Frederick Dm glass to defive
 an addn ss before them on the evening of th
 third Wednesday of Octolier. The publi
 a r c respectfully invited to attend.
 Mrs. ISLAND, Sec.
 Mrs. MARY JEFFRY, Pres
 Anti-Slavery Convention in Salem.
 The Convention met, pursuant to call, a
 Lyceum Hall, on Sunday, 20th August, a
 1«* o'clock, A. M.
 Th 1 meeting was called to order by J. I!
 Pierce of Salem.
 On motion of K. J. Kennv, James N. Hull
 mn of Lyon was chosen President, and Joh
 H t’b v oCLynn, and Putman, Vice President!
 &lt;»u motion of John li. Pierce, Eliza J. Kei
 ny was :tp|*ointed Secretary.
 An op|Hirtumty for prayer was given.-
 Alter singing, a portion of scripture was rea
 by the President, The meeting was address
 id by liQcy Slone, upon the moral and ref
 gums aspects of the cause.
 Parker Pdlsbury otTercd and sustained th
 following resolution, viz:
 Whereas, by the Theology of the Pries!
 bond, the first day of the week, the only lei
 sure and hearing day of the people, has bee
 tortured, contrary to the precept and practic
 of Jesus of .Nazareth, into the support of a re
 Jigioii which sustains among other evils, th
 wholesale scourges of slavery and wai—there
 fore.
 Resolved, That it is iho duty of the friend
 of Righteousness and Humanity, to resets
 tins day Irom such p rv rsion an 1 loemplo
 it in inculcating a religion which is dcltvei
 aim; in the captive,' and* peace and good vvi.
 to in ■a," i.i tie true spirit Him who dcclai
 «*d, *Th Sabbath was made fur man, not mu
 ior Sabbath.’
 Adjourned t mod at 2 o’clock, P. M.
 Al l KIINOOS SESSION.
 Convened aco- -rding to adjourmr.etit, tii
 President in tli chair.
 Tl.v? wibjilined resolutions were presents
 hy Parker Pdb !nirv, to wit:
 1. Resolved, That working men of tin
 North have submitted to l&gt;e taxed for slaver;
 in the following among other ways:
 Louisiana and Florida were puichascd fo
 slave Stales, at gl»,000,01*0 dollars. Tin
 Seminole Indians were butchered and banish
 ml, at an expense of lti,ooo,o«Kt dollars more
 The massacre of the Mexicans, and plunder
 ing their coimtrv, ims cost 100,000.IKK) do!
 lars, more or less.
 2. Resolved, Tiiat to accomplish tiiesc
 purposes, the slaveholders have been perinit
 t-'.l to fdi almost every office, from the Presi
 «!*'til downward, with nun of their own selec
 tion.
 Resolved, That if the working men of
 Iho North, or any pan of them, will submit to
 such injustice and injury, and then to the
 s ij -r ad led nisullid hr mg called hy tlie South,
 menials, ‘lower orders,' 4 peasants,’ who
 ‘hav mi right to vote,’ if they will submit to
 such ontrag's, then are they most illustrious
 examples of non-rcsistibg hristianity, or else
 'sr low and degraded as to he, as slaveholdeis
 say ol them, lit onlv lor slaves.
 1. Resolved, '1 Lial any measure of govern
 111'•..ta 1 leforni, l“sy than Revolution, and Dis
 solution of the 1 moil, or that does not at once
 am! forever break oil'all voluntary support of
 the nnu r;tl l iovernment, either by voting or
 holding olfiee under it, is inadequate to meet
 tin: demands of the hour, unworthy the consid
 eration of abolitionists, and a wicked and un
 lawful adherence to a ('imstilntioii and eoin
 paei, that are downright UeastMi to the gov
 ernment of(Jod. t
 5. Resolved, That tin* most romarkahle
 speeiaclc now exhibited to the world, is our
 nation of 20,000,1*00 iiiliahitauts, with 10,0110
 ministers, 1!,000,ooo prof ssors ol (Christianity
 .ind :»,00n,000 cliiiltel slaves.
 0. Resolved, That since the ministers of
 our country boast that they can abolish slave
 iv, ii: one single year, and then instead of do,
 l ng it, they give themselves, many ol them
 to endorsing ih mural and i ligious charaetcr
 o"&lt; lenon! Tavlor, who is now swimming to
 wards the Pn id'Micv, through a sea of ninn
 eeui blood lie has shed in tin 1 cause of slavery,
 mid iii a war, which for atro"i*y finds no par
 allel in the history of all past ages; since
 such is their character am! religion, they prove
 themselves 100 mean and vile lor human sym
 pathy, too dung, rous to he tolerated in the en
 closure of hum m society, and too desperately
 d ‘praved for salvation, except hy on infinite
 extension of the Divine economy.
 Resolutions discussed by the mover, Win.
 W. Drown, J. liarsuuan, and Wendell Phil
 lips.
 tli motion of J. TL Pierce, Eli Burnham,
 and Wm. W. lhown, were chosen a commit
 tee on finance.
 Adjournd to meet at G 1-2 o’clock, P. M.
 EVENING SESSION.
 Met agreeably to adjournment, the Presi
 dent in the chair.
 The discussion upon the resolutions was
 continued by Imey Stone, Wendell Phillips,
 James N. llulfum, and Parker Pillsbuty af
 ter which, they were unanimously adopted.
 Adjourned sine die.
 JAM KS N. UPFFUM, President.
 Eliza J. Kennv, Secretary.
 A Coon Sign. One of tho Southern
 Friends of the slave-monster thus groans out
 his fears:
 1 he present danger to tlie South arises
 more limn the probability that Martin an
 Jluo it w.II hi come the Pi. -at, than from a
 direct a ault upon our rights. A party hlu
 the one lie suddi ulv* tluslied witil vic
 loty, v.;i i l in aid mere than tlu*y
 p tetti't l!: m-i lv.»s to seear Tin* co tilri
 ualion *d i.'tra abolsi o. j*js. wiioaim at the
 ov« r litow s t shivery in the rial. with th l
 j.aitv, allotd- sluing pr&lt; Miinptnm that success
 will o 1 th« .''.gual ler a noire violent assault
 i.pen tin* Soiitit. Should tie- t tce'ion of ibe
 s;d(‘.t go to the lbo.se, til votes on t!;e pro
 posuioii »1 c..inpto i.s and «&gt;n tie* Wihuot
 Proviso, are chir rtd.enm,that tlie Fixr
 Sod" p.MV will be Mico-ssh.l.”
 Meat tuo.iLU IN O.uo. A hit I from
 V« UiMMiglou. m ti: i .veiling i*u.t, rcpr&lt; scuts
 that tier 1:0 -st advices irom Ohio aiv that tie
 whig' cmd.d•■!&gt;■ tor ;&gt;m riior, Mr. Per l, In
 ji !m tiishid the position ot‘ neutral'itv as t.
 the pi.-idcnti d c.dithi! Ii s, li jlu ito luaui
 taile d ity him, and Ins come o-t tor Mr.
 Huron. The v.t.'g can!:!-.*, in our* of tie
 l ongrossiousd distrirt&gt;, Mr. hisln-r, has Im-n
 dropp.-d, a.id a free hi! man mi .:;t .i.
 |i,r lii;n and in another, as soon as the I. tin
 •■I Mr. Robert H. S-. ie-i.i k. a di.-tm »i n.«l
 lo.anOwi' ol the pros- til o ago cXj f« '.'■.tig
 bin .i,al of (leu rd i'.tyioi's u uum.iiiou,’
 wai; iblidi d, a liee s oil" vaie!i'l.»le w a&gt;.
 niso br.mglit into the field hy a i.timber of
 dnwf.tieci wings .'tin! deiiMKT.its, and there is
 a eii-ne- lor to-* «J it, though he usually
 comm i.i ia a very d :ei 1 majority. Kt.
 Tin Abolition of ru PoNNHMkiil
 b!S h&lt;!'*ri voted by tb (F inirji N itio*: .1 A&gt;
 hly of Fia.iUort. I- rJy of *J!{r' to lU&gt;
 Till- »»E M il-V Nl Pi. I 111 —Rev
 Tur. er Roberts, the ft n- .ro r oily -old
 at I &gt;#.osvd!,-, has e. n t -J lii» tty. Tin. law
 W.i •d- i O' Oit u. Wl.ilH'lul
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 6, ISM.
Philadelphia, Sept. 25,
 I)eab Star :—I am now in Philadelphia,
 after a stay of one week w ith roy dear family,
 in Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, whom 1
 had not seen for six months. I left Pittsburg
 on the nineteenth instant, wich place I shall
 give you an account of on my return, arriving
 here on the evening of the 21ft, where I
 found a large assemblage in waiting in the
 Big Wesley” Church, Lombard st., being
 ably and eloquently addressed by that untiring
 friend of the slave, Charles Lenox Ilcmond.
 The meeting of myself and Ilemond, at such
 a time and on such an occasion, was certainly
 a most glorious one, and long to be remem
 bered.
 i On Friday evening, I attended and address
 -1 ed a meeting in Hamilton village, across the
 Schuylkill; nnd on Sabbath evening a full
 house in Little Wesley.” On Monday
 night, O. L. Ilemond and myself addressed a
 meeting in the Institute Hall, at which meet
 i ing the citizens appointed a committee of 50
 for the reception and escort of my unflinching
 and faithful colleague, Frederick Douglass.—
 L On Monday at 11 o'clock, the committee were
 in waiting at the Walnut street wharf, when
 the steamer arrived, bearing with it my ex
 cellcnt friend and brother, escorting him to
 Institute Hall, where the Chairman, Dr. J. J.
 G. Bias, poured forth the sentiments of fra
 temal eloquence, which were responded to
 with a most feeling and happy effort by brother
 D Higlass. Rev. W. T. Catts, an able and
 ’j eloquent gentleman, Rt. Rev. George Gal
 braith, and several other gen:leraen, addressed
 the meeting. Mr. Douglass having an
 nounced that lie casually learned that that
 most noble specimen of a man, Henry 11.
 I Garnet, would arrive in the next train, the
 same committee w as immediately appointed
 1 to escort Mr. Garnet to the same Hall,
 j Mr. Garnet arrived in the course of an
 hour, escorted to the Hall by the Committee,
 w here Dr. Bias again filled every ear, as well
 as the soul of his distinguished guest, with
 the sound of his eloquent voice. Several
 gentlemen addressed the meeting. Here, be
 fore this meeting closed, Garnet, Douglass,
 Ilemond and myself, all had the pleasure, for
 the first time in our lives, of meeting and
 shaking glad hands together This was a
 meeting the remembrance of w hich can never
 be educed. Truly, the God of Liberty, in
 this instance, was lavish with favors. This
 evening, we had a glorious meeting at the
 Shilo Baptist Church, crowded to ovcrfhnv
 j ing, liundicds having to go away, unable to
 gain admittance, which meeting had been
 previously appointed] fur myself, with the
 assistance of C. L. Ilemond. At this, as at
 the other meetings, subscribers were obtained; 1
 also a large number of ladies, married and 1
 maidens, offered their services to obtain sub-1
 scribers, which they arc now doing. At this
 meeting, Ilemond, Garnet, and Douglass
 spoke, I having lost the present use of my
 voice hy hoarseness, from cold and speaking.
 Yesterday evening, the 26th, our meeting
 was held in the Lombard street Church,
 Big Wesley,”) which was crowded from
 the gallery to the pavement, the yard being
 actually filled with females, unable to enter,
 w ho remained, endeavoring to catch a sound,
 a glorious sound of Liberty—a word for God
 and humanity, and hundreds actually left,
 because it is against the city ordinance, else
 the street would have l&gt;een filled. Here Re
 mond, Garnet and Douglass poured forth the
 most thrilling peals of eloquence, which were
 r»q&gt;eatodly loudly responded to by the mutual
 aspirations of assembled hundreds. I did
 not speak on this occasion, for the same rea
 son as on the last. This evening, Mr. Garnet
 speaks in Little Wesley,” and to-morrow
 evening we shall all speak in Zoar Methodist
 Church, Hamilton village.
 Monday and Tuesday next, we hold a se
 ries of protracted Anti-Slavery meetings, day
 and night; and never was there a time before
 in the history of our people, w hen so much
 interest was A lt and manifested by themselves
 in the anti-slavery movement. The cause of
 the slave is now in their own hands, assisted
 by our friends, and as 1 have oft repeated and
 long urged, when Lilterty is fully appreciated
 and her cause espoused by us, slavery, that
 accursed monster, must fall. With the mas
 ter-grasp of Garnet, Ilemond, Douglass, Fur
 vis, and others, w ho are nobly fighting side
 by side w ith us, upon his infernal throttle,
 with the host of noble men and women at
 their hacks, with the feeble aid that I shall
 render, the monster now staggers, and must
 soon fall—yea, shall fall to rise no more
 Could a place ho obtained large enough to
 contain ten thousand people, at present, it
 could be filled, such is the interest manifested.
 A proud day indeed will it be for us, and a
 terrible day for slavery, when the colored
 people—when we shall stand up in the might
 and majesty of manhood, and declare by our
 strength, tint slavery shall cease. When we
 thus determine, then, and not until then, will
 the day of our redemption come. Let us
 have hut one mind, one purpose, one cause,
 and one determination—yea, and bat one
 watch-word —l«el my people go
 Yle m are indeed a great number of colored
 people in ibis city, sufficient, if tlieir efforts
 were properly concentrated and directed, to
 edict anything within the possibility of man;
 but unfortunately, vith a few exceptions,
 though there are very many fine people of
 buth sixes, like our brethren generally in
 this country, this is not the ease. Though
 many are the praiseworthy, industrious tne
 h mics, ]vi haps of every dcsciptiou to be
 i‘*und, still, young gentluineu of capital and
 lorUiu s do nut invest tlnir means in trading
 a id business as we could de.&gt;tre, and which is
 "to tuary u» give us equal importuned with
 lit whiles. 1 would to God it Were other
 wise.
 I be present stale of the anti-slavery eaus«
 1" n\ d minds our protracted Mav, and to
 h -m the city at litis time, Would be to forego
 one nt the most f.ivotahle opportunities that
 has ever presented iUeif for doing good
 among our people. C«#u** quui»tJy, Mr. D..ug
 ia.v* will remain until tnM week, wheo be
 will leave about the middle for home, (hi
 Saturday next, lh»iiglxv&gt;, Remand and rnvscli
 go to Will ning ton, Delaware, to h«di an
 nti-Sla very meeting, though a slave State.
 Thn~ you [vrecive we intend to beard the
 liun in his den.** Wilmington is the plan
 •vie o 1 hotujyii, tin man who uuh mitwl te
discredit the Nirrsine rf iJaogiau, reside*,
 end whom Douglass so suottrasfttHy refuted in
 an able letter from £cuUaatf. Hitts glori
 ously goes onward our march to certain
 victory.
 Remond, previous to our coming, has been
 doing a good w ork, by arousing the churches
 to a sense of tbeir position and duty. This
 was much needed, as everyone most know,
 since there are still a laige number of colored
 churches in connection with the pro-slavery
 white churches, though the members gen
 erally are fine people, and decidedly opposed
 to slavery as such, their position being incon
 sistent and a number of others, which, while
 they are independent of these pro-slavery
 connections, are fearful, should their doors be
 opened to anti-slavery lecturers, of injuring
 the character of such churches. To couviace
 these, our brethren, of those absurdities, will
 of itself be a w ork of mercy and love.
 Among the churches which have opened
 their doors, are Uig Wesley, Little
 Wesley,” Shilo, (Baptist.) Zoar, the Baptist
 and Methodist Churches in West Philadel
 phia. An old citizen by the name of Edward
 Shippen Bird, a very wealthy gentleman,
 among his legacies, has left to his colored ser
 vants, as follows To Hannah Parker and
 daughter, nurse, a fine house in L&gt;cust street?
 and $1,000; Harriet Peterson, widow of an
 old faithful servant, $1,500; her daughter
 Jane, $1,000; Ruth Hooper, an old cook,
 $1,600; Elizabeth Newman, chambermaid,
 $l,lOO, and Samuel Brown, waiter, 1,100.
 From the liberality of these legacies, I give
 them as an item of news, so unasual is it for
 colored persons, though they may have worn
 out their lives in the service of wealthy men
 in this country, to anything like a respectable
 poition of their estate. And how favorably
 docs this contrast with the bequeathraeot of
 the late Banker, Stephen Girard, who,though
 worth fifteen millions of money, straineJ an
 effort, when he provid *d in his will that two
 hundred dollars of an annuity should be given
 to an old and faithful female servant, who had
 worn ont a valuable life in the service of that
 ungrateful old Frenchman.
 There are now in Philadelphia, or the
 neighborhood, Mons. Uupcc, Ex-Secretary of
 State of Haiti, a Haitian Senator, a fine
 looking mail, and a merchant, the last two of
 whom I have seen, and had much con versa- j
 lion with the merchant, who is a very intelli
 gent gentleman, and speaks English well.
 Although a fugitive prisoner, condemned,
 as he informed me, to four years’ imprison
 ment, lie repudiates, with contempt and scorn,
 the imputation upon the Haitian Republic,
 as charged by the miserable corrupts of the
 American press, and denies, positively, that
 the disturbance is based upon color or com
 plexion. He referred me to France, and ob
 served, in a tone and spirit which I shall nev
 er forget, “As well might you charge the
 present revolution in France as being based
 upon color;” observing that the partizans
 were made up irrespective of color, and that j
 the President's guard were principally mulat
 tocs. Soulouque, he says, who is a black, is
 a very ignorant man, one w ho had never been
 accustomed to good society, and only known
 us an old soldier, who, two years ago, was 1
 elected general of one of the Arondissmal
 regiments—the same as our military regi
 ments. A clique, he says, of politicians,
 forced him on the people, as a no-partv man,
 in opposition to men of splendid talents and
 qualifications, blacks and muluttoes, many of
 whom were the first choice of all the intelli
 gent citizens. As soon as the people ex
 pressed themselves against his defective ad
 ministration, he became offended, and, like
 ignorance generally, determined on being
 avenged, immediately discarded the Constitu
 tion, declared it null and void, thus assuming
 the powers of government. How'cver, this
 amounts but to a temporary matter, much as
 wc regret it, he says, and will last no longer
 than the power of the present man continues,
 when all those who have left will return. It
 is only offensive to those who arc terrified to
 leave, and these consist of blacks and mulat
 toes. His family is in Haiti, consisting of a
 wife and four interesting daughters, about
 w hom he has no concern further than the so
 eial enjoyment of their society. No women
 nor children are interfered with, and all the
 persons condemned to death, aocorfing to his
 account, as far as he could recollect, were—
 -11 in A ox Cayes, 5 in St. Domingo, 1 in Jer
 einie, which, added to the 12 in Porte Repub
 can, will make an aggregate falling far short
 of the number killed in the Cincinnati mob
 of 1812.
 Haiti, our informant tells us, is an ex
 cellent country, and he leaves here shortly for
 Jamaica.
 I will write again next week, when I shall
 have more to say of Philadelphia, men and
 things. Until then, I am faithfully for God
 and humanity, M. R. D.
 IG 3 A person signing himself Joseph Ilet
 field, and who says that lie is not an aboli
 tionist, hut a true hearted democrat and a
 friend of the slave,” has sent us a letter, full
 of vulgar and scurrilous abuse of one of the
 editors of the North .Star, furliis recent ex
 posure of Prior Foster. The letter is not i
 published, for two reasons—first, because the
 postage was not paid and second, because it
 is unfit for publication. Prior Foster, iiow
 I
 L‘ver, need not imagine that any injustice is
 June him for the only effect of the puhlica
 •ation of this 15 years’ tner.d and defender,
 yvouhl In; to show that he is not very choice of
 Ins company.— j. n.
 The Cincinnati Weekly Globe has
 so.ue to hand. The Signal has been united

 with the Herald, and the combined papers rr
 low pubiish3d under the above name. We
 ire glad to receive, under that or any other
 uuie, a piper edited by John Vaughan,
 Stanley Mathews and James W. Taylor.—
 Fhc pajier will advocate Free Soil and the
 lluffdu nominees.
 Cholera.—The English Hunueopaihic As
 sociation have issued a circular, showing the
 •omparaiive number of cures effected in 1831
 -‘32 by the use of al.opathic and hunuepathie
 lomu-lc-, aid in case* in which no remedial
 igeut was used. It appears from this circu
 lar, that the greatest number of patient* re-j
 1 “V- r d under the hounepaUiK' treatment; the
 mxt greatest number cured were of those
 who were left to nature; and the allopathic
 was the least successful of the three modes.
 A Mot mon settlement has been made
 in T.v.is, leading to the erection already of
 s v, il KtwuiilU and b’liius, and to the c tllj
 -1 *Uon buinj acted of Lad.
Political Cookery*
 HOW TO HUE A. WHIG CAKDIDAT* FO» THE
 PR ESIPEtCT.
 It is surely a Tery desindrte thing to be
 elected by the free suffrages of one s fellow
 ctlisens to the highest office in the gift of
 the nation.” Must persons think the office
 of President honorable, and would do almost
 anything to attain it. If my reader is of that
 opinion, especially if he be young and hope
 ful, he doubtless sometimes thinks seriously
 about &lt;hi» matter, and looks about him to see
 who are the sort of men whom the great
 American nation “delight to honor.” The
 following description of the mode adopted by
 the Whigs, to cook up a President, may help
 such young person along somewhat in his
 laudable inquiries concerning the road to pol
 itical preferment:
 Take a young man. Put a sword in his
 hand, and a musket on his shoulder, and a
 pair of revolvers in his girdle. Send him,
 thus equipped, to fight and to kill the enemies
 of his country—or those to w hom his country
 is an enemy. Let him continue at this work
 till his heart gets hard as the nether millstone,
 and he will be very useful as a human butcher,
 and perhaps unusually expert at devising the
 most expeditious and effective inodes of whole
 slaughter. He will be able to make use of
 all the most approved means of civilized war
 fare :—muskets, bombs, cannons, swords and
 bayonets—everything that can be used for
 taking away the lives of men, women and
 children, either by blowing out their brains,
 or by piercing them through the body; and
 by his peculiarly acute and providential per
 ception of the requirements of particular
 cases, he may even bring the Cuba blood
 hounds to his aid not to icorry the ene
 mies of his country, though he would not be
 sorry if they did but that the brave soldiers
 might have the honor and the pleasure of
 blowing them to pieces after the bloodhounds
 had scented out their wherabouts. lie may
 now l&gt;e made a General, and sent against a
 neighboring republic, with the view of ex
 tending by conquest, the territory of his
 country, that benevolent and heavenly-minded
 slaveholders, ever careful and anxious for the
 welfare of those whom Providence has com
 mitted to their care, might find, like the
 patriarchs of old, green pastures and still
 waters ’’for the support and refreshment of
 their flocks, and their herds, and their cattle,
 arid their slaws. Let him be successful in the
 w holesale slaughter of his enemies, and the
 destruction of their property. Let him give
 ’em hell and grape,” till they are satis
 fied that it would be better to give up all they
 have, rather than subject themselves any
 longer to his tender mercies; —till, like the
 traveller on the highway, with the robber’s
 dagger at his throat, they consented to
 stand and deliver,” that their lives may he
 spared. Let him burn and destroy their
 towns and villages, and lay waste their coun
 try with fire and sword, heedless alike of the
 groans of the dying, and the blood-smeared
 and mangled remains of the surrounding
 dead. When he has become all this, ho will
 l&gt;e on the high road to popularity and prefer
 ment.
 Add to this, that he may Tjc more infallibly
 the friend of the slaveholder and the enemy of
 his race, that he is himself l*y every claim of j
 purchase and possession—purchase with the
 money which ho had received from his grate
 ful country as the price of blood—the right
 ful owner of tuo huiulrcd and eighty slaves,
 whom he ma/ grind up into sugar or cotton
 at lus pleasure, on his plantation in Louisiana
 or elsewhere. Do not forget that his slaves
 must increase at the rate of nine per month,
 just to show that he is not opposed to the ex
 tension of slavery. And wiicn all this is
 done, he will bo ready for a nomination for
 the Presidency.
 Let him first he nominated by the Native
 party, and he will send them a courteous
 reply, that he is grateful for the mark of
 their approbation and confidence.” Let him
 then be nominated by a Whig Convention at
 Philadelphia, and after some six weeks of
 anxious expectation, they too may receive for
 answer, that he i 3 grateful for the mark of
 their approbation and confidence.” Let him
 then be nominated by aDemocratic Convention
 at Charleston, and he will be grateful to them
 also fur the distinguished mark of their ap
 probation and confidence.” Let him be nom
 inated by young men's associations and oIJ
 men's meetings, and he will bo grateful to
 them all for those distinguished marks of
 their approbation and confidenceand the
 Taylor flag will then be hoisted by a free,
 fearless, and patriotic Whig press, who will
 make it plain to the meanest understanding,
 that this man-killing, town-destroying, blood
 hound hunting slaveholder, is a very father of
 his country—a second Washington.
 That he may be a perfect Whig candidate,
 he must be confessedly ignorant of political
 affairs, and even doubt his ability” for the
 fulfilment of the duties of President. Let
 him write letter after letter, in which he says
 he has nothing to conceal, and in which,
 however, he never reveals anything; ami
 when asked his opinion of any particular sul&gt;-
 jeet, let him refer the person making the in-
 quiryto one of those blank letters.
 Then let the Wibstcrs, the Corwins, the
 Choates, and ihc Coombs's perambulate the
 country, making speeches in favor of this
 anythingarian nominee, not forgetting a bint
 now and then, that the nomination was not
 fit to lie made;” ami five weeks before the
 lime of election, the Tribune, and such other 1
 papers as have been halting between two
 opinions,” will fall into the current and say
 that they will support him for feaT that some
 more ptrfcd specimen of humanity might be
 elected.
 Reader Do you wish to be President
 This is the road you must travel in these days
 to become a jiopular candidate for tha Prwu-
 •lency. Is it foul enough for you i. D.
Gun a Slaveoealkii Profane as this
 bb) acetn, it is the language of a religious
 teacher. The Hev. Tboodorc Clapp, of C’in
 rinnati, quoting front the OU Testament, aaya,
 Here we see God, dealing m slaves.”—
 S»uuo of the heathen Gods arc devils. Mr.
 Clapp's God must lie one of that character.
Free Soil. —Mr. Key, of Maryland, re
 ii»4iloti that “the slave population no the
 northern boundary of Maryland had m arly
 disappeared. a dense population of white men
 come m, and the land has tripled in value.”—
 So much for true soil.
Ces. I 'alee Ctsuixc is th s Hunker amli
 date for Governor in Massachusetts.
Colorphobin—Who ar« iU Victims 1
 It is difficult to know whether those who
 are afflicted with this disorder, are most to be
 pitied or despised. When we think of their
 sufferings, and the daily and hourly torments
 to which they are subjected, hard indeed must
 be his heart who does not pity them. Hut
 then, when we consider that this is lha result
 of ignorance—ignoiance of the most deplora
 ble description, which they might, if they had
 chosen, have prevented—our pity becomes, in
 some degree, modified by an admixture of
 contempt. Besides the ignorance, there is
 always a certain degree of meanness attaching
 to the disposition of the man who sutlers from
 this malady. The man of noble and refined
 sentiments, and warm, generous sensibilities,
 is never thus afflicted. He carries with him
 a charm, by the aid of which he may brave
 even tho tainted atmosphere of Hunkerism,:
 and escape unscathed and his very presence i
 where the infection prevails, serves to dissi-
 pate the pestilence, and to bring health to
 the diseased.
 Hut the mean spint, like the cloven foot,
 cannot be hid. It will always bo seen crawl
 ing out somewhere, in its reptile deformity,
 leaving behind it as it goes, streaks of its
 slime and canker. No station in society can
 make meanness tolerable, as no station in so- 1
 ciety can make ignorance respectable. The
 man of mean spirit and the ignorant man, al
 ways drag along together in the rear of soci
 ety. The ignorant man is there, because he
 knows no better; fnd the mean msn is there,
 because in the meanness of his soul he ima
 gines that he is onlv keeping pace with the
 genteel and respectable, whose good opinion
 he 13 anxious to win. But unfortunately for
 such men, they generally overreach them
 selves. While they arc dreaming about their
 prospects of emolument, public opinion shoots
 ahead, and leaves them among the rowdies of
 the recess and the night-brawl, floundering in
 the refuse and rottenness of by-gone ages. j
 It is there where those who are so unfor
 tunate as to become the victims of colorphobia,
 in these days will, to their utter discomfiture
 and disappointment, find themselves. We'll
 not disgrace ourselves by having any inter- 1
 course with a nigger,” say they, That is
 their view of the case. Some impartial
 judges may see it dilTerently, and say that the j
 disgrace is all on the other side. It is
 mean and shabby mode of avoiding discus-,
 sion, when the man who says it knows that|
 the nigger” has the argument and the jus-j
 tice all in his favor. It is the last sneak of:
 Hunkerism.—j. d.
The New York Tribune has at last got
 out of his quandary, and hoisted the Taylor
 flag. His excuse is, that “we indicate no
 new conviction, unless it be that of the im
 possibility of defeating Gen. Cass otherwise
 than by supporting Gen. Taylor.” Encour
 age the thief, hut not the house-breaker f eh
 Most honest men think that both thieving and
 house-breaking are wrong, and will not lend
 their names in favor of the man who commits
 either. At the same time, however, he “pro-&lt;
 foundly respects and sympathizes with the Free j
 •Soil movement.” The article in which the:
 editor states his adoption of the Whig nomi-'
 nccs, reminds one of the Irishman who'
 knocked another down, saying, It's all for
 lave!” More than once he knocks General I
 Taylor down, and protends that “it's all
 for love.” I would advise all Whigs, espe-j
 cially those of them who are of the Episco
 palian persuasion* with an cypress view to the;
 case of this restive editor, next Sunday to pie-1
 sent, in faith, nothing wavering,” thisshort
 petition—“ From our friends good Lord de
 liver us!”— J. D.
The Rev. J. 13. Finney was again in our
 city last week, spreading abroad his abomina
 ble trasli about Liberia and Colonization.—
 There are surely not many of his stamp in
 this region of country; still there are some—
 one especially I might name—also a Rever
 end, who has recently been splitting hairs
 about imputed righteousness,” till his argu
 ment was so spun out, that it was lost to ev
 ery one who did not possess the microscpic
 vision of a true blue theologian. The sub
 ject, it must be allowed, was a very appropri
 ate one for a liberty-hating, truth-pervert
 ing colonizationist who, inasmuch as he
 has but little sense of right in himself, re
 quires an imputed,” or some other kind of
 righteousness, to make up for his deficiencies.
 A question was once asked—which of course
 those reverends must have seen before—
 Who is my neighbor This question and
 the answer to it, they might study with ad
 vantage, as they will tliere find their own
 likeness to a shade. And such men pretend
 to teach Christianity Out upon their hypoc
 risy! Were the Rev. J. B. Pinney to say
 that he teaches the Life and Adventures of
 Baron Munchausen, he would be much
 nearer the truth! d.
Extinguishment of Slavery in Missou
 ui.—The Missourians are discussing whether
 the interests of that State would not In; pro
 moted by a legislative act, declaring that no
 person born in that state, after IbCO shall bo
 hehl as a slave.—The St. Louis Organ says
 it should not bo surprised if some immediate
 measures were taken to free the State from
 this acknowledged evil, and adds that the
 thousands of immigrants who now avoid that
 State, and make for territories north of it,
 will come there, and Missouri will be, in de
 veloped resources, what she is naturally, the
 richest Suite in the Uuiou
The True View. The following resolu
 tion pnssod at a Free Soil County Convention
 at Elyra, m Lorain county:
 Resolved, That we expect oar candidates,
 if elected, to “act independently with any
 patty or against any party, as the cause of
 Freedom, Free Territory and Freo Soil may
 require, ami in relation to the eld party
 issues, with honesty and impartiality and in
 accordance w ith the dictates of their own rea
 son and conscience.
Hose a Biglow. It gives us great pleas
 ure to announce that the poems of that
 worthy young man, and our esteemed cor
 respondent, Mr. ii'Mca Big low, are about to
 be given lo the world in a volume by them
 selves. 'Hie work is under the editorial care
 &lt;&gt;f the excellent pastor of our young friend.
 Rev. Jlomer WUher, A. M., whose pro
 found erudition and chastened literary taste
 will doubtless give a shape nul character to
 the volume, even as hui spiritual teaching and
 moral guidance have fitted the heart and
 directed the mind of ins already somewhat
 e»*lebralid jarisliioncr. The volume will
 appear early in October.— A. 8. Btmuiard.
Emigration.— During the last ten years,
 emigration from (beat Britain lias amounted
 to one million forty-two thousand and of th.s
 number more than half a million cauie to iLo
 I’niteJ Stale.!.
I The Colored People or Illinois. At i
 i meeting of the colored people, held in Chi
 i cago, 111., on Monday evening, Sept. 11th, tc
 ■j take into consideration “the unjust and partial
 laws, which exclude the free colored mar
 from all access to law, and thereby render;
 him dumb, so that he cannot be a party in law
 a trainst a white man,” the following reeolu
 -1 tions were adopted
 Resolved, That we deem those laws to bf
 Enconstitutional and therefore Anti-Republi
 can,ami should be repealed at the earliest prac
 ticable time.
 Resolved, That we believe it to be the
 i duty of the Colored Freemen of the State
 of Illinois. to assemble in Convention, ami
 petition the Honorable body which shall as
 -1 semblo at Springfield, on the first Monday
 j in December, 18-18, to repeal the aforesaid
 laws, and thus wipe out the dark spot which
 disgraces the pages of her statutes,
 j Resolved, That in the opiuion of this mcet
 ing, the good people of this State will not
 1 long recognize or tolerate those unjust ami
 Eartial laws, and that their voices will ere long
 e heard, as one man, in protestation against
 them.
 Resolved, That a committee of five be ap
 pointed, whose duty it shall be to correspond
 i with the colored people throughout tho Stale,
 urging upon them the necessity of calling a
 convention, to be hidden in Springfield, or else
 where, for the purpose of taking into consul
 eration the expediency of petitioning the legis
 lature to repeal the aforesaid unjust and par
 tial laws.
 Such a state of the law cannot long exist in
 Illinois, if those who suffer from it are only
 vigorous and active in their opposition. Let
 them speak ont boldly and determinedly there
 and everywhere else throughout the country,
 1 and they w ill gTeatly aid the cause of progress
 and equality. There is no argument more
 difficult to answer, than that advanced by the
 enemies of freedom, that the free colored men
 in the North are apathetic and indifferent.
 Let this no longer he said with truth.—J. D.
 Gen. Cass and the Wilmot Proviso.—
 1 Very few of even the most zealous friends i f
 the Democratic candidate ever pretend that he
 is opposed to the extension of slavery. His
 reasons for opposing the Wilmot Proviso are
 not perhaps so generally known. Here is one
 of the reasons, and a most satisfactory rca
 s)ii it is It is from a letter written Feb. 19,
 1817.
 The Wilmot Proviso will not pass the
 Senate. It trill Ite death to the tear death to
 all hopes of getting an acre of territory—
 death to the .Administration, and death to
 the Democratic party. It was not so intended.
 It no doubt originated with proper feelings;
 but things have now come to such a pass that
 its adoption will produce these effects. It is
 distinctly avowed by the Southern members of
 Congress, that they would not vote for any
 measure for the prosecution of the war, nor
 would they ratify any treaty if this provision
 becomes a law It will probably go back from
 the Senate to the House, where I hope the
 appropriation will pass without any proviso.”
 The idea of electing a man for President
 who avows as his reason for opposing a pro
 posed measure, that it will be death to the
 war” —one of the most iniquitous wars that
 has ever disgraced the records of this or any
 other nation, is simply monstrous. The above
 extract shows what would lie the policy of
 Gen. Cass, if elected to the office of Presi
 dent. War, robbery, and acquisition of terri
 tory, would be, as lar as practicable, his sys
 tem of operation. His election would be an
 unmitigated national calamity and disgrace.—
 May it he averted !—j. d.
Southern Demoralization. —The follow
 ing paragraph is from the Mobile Tribune. It
 is one ot many that might bo picked up dailv
 in the Southern paj&gt;crs:
 We learn that last week another murderous
 affray took place near the borders of this
 State, in Mississippi. The facts, as wc im
 perfectly learn them, arc, that Jim Copeland,
 the leader of the ruffians in that region, and
 some eight or ten companions, armed thein
 8e ves for the purpose of avenging on Harvey
 and others the death of Gale, Wagers ami
 McGrath, of which we gave some account.
 Harvey and his friends hearing of the object
 of these desperadoes, prepared to resist them
 at the house of his father. The parties met,
 and a regular piiehcd battle ensued. Jim
 Copeland was seriously wounded in two or
 three places, but, it is said, will recover. One
 of his gang, named Poole, was killed out
 right. The other party, we understand, es
 caped without harm. Finally, the assailants
 fled, carrying away mementoes which will last
 them a long time.
 Here is another. Duals are quite every
 day events.
 Shooting Affray.— A correspondent of
 the Louisville Courier, writing from Bedford,
 Indiana, says: Our town was thrown into
 quite an excitement l ist Saturday evening, in
 consequence of a transaction which occurred
 between Dr. Stilson, of Bedford, and a Mr.
 Watson, from the country, which resulted in
 the death of the latter. The alii ay arose
 from an old settlement. Watson received two
 balls from Dr. Stilson’s revolver, one passing
 through the lungs and the other through the
 upper part of his heart, which caused his
 death instantly. Dr. S. lias been arrested,
 ami the trial is now going on. I cannot say
 what will be the result.
 Who cares to claim citizenship with men
 who are so biutally debased? Dissolve the
 Union That will be done by the South,
 when they can see that it will be to their ad
 vantage to do so. This threat from the South
 is like the threat of a highwa man to leave
 unmolested the traveller at whose head lie had
 just presented a pistol, with the command to
 Stand and deliver.’* The result is, that the
 traveller breathes more freely, and considers
 it a flippy riddance.—i d.
Free Soil in New Orleans. —The New
 Orleans papers contain the news of a very
 respectable meeting in that city to form a Van
 Hu run Free Soil Club. Speeches were made
 by Henry A. Sample, M. L. Sumo arid
 others. Of the spirt evinced, something
 may be judged from tho following resolu
 tions
 Resolved, That wc oppose the extension of
 Slavery over the recently acquired territory
 of New Mexico ami California.
 Resolved, That our regard for the rights
 of free wbitu laborers dues not interfere with
 the rights guarantied to Slave owners.
 itcNuhcd, That we approve of the nomina
 tion of a candidate for the Presidency bv
 our brethren of the Free Soil party, and will j
 support said nomination arid all the political
 doctrines they advocate, so far as the same
 are const!-tent with ou* allegiance to the
 State of lamisiana.
 iCesolvod, That tbo sale of public land m
 large bodies, to speculators, is a emsc to the
 eautc of humanity and personal indepen
 dence, and that we advocate the withholding
 said land from all but actual settlers, and
 they to obtain tt at cost.
 Resolved, That wc fully appreciate the
 public notice addressed to the Free Soil party
 of this city by Lis honor tho Mayor. But
 we expect so to use our |&gt;oliueal rights aa not
 to incur ihe penalty of either tin* pemtcuiiary
 or the gallows.
Letter from Heary C'lnf.
 The following letter from Ashland, in reply
 to a communication from the Democratic
 Whig Convention, on tho subject of nominat
 ing Henry Clay for President, puts an end to
 j that division in the Whig ranks.” It is a
 pity. The old piovcrb about honest men and
 rogues will not now have such a good chance
 of being verified.
 Ashland, Sept. lBlB.
 Gentlemen: I have received your official
 letter as members of the Executive Commit
 tee of the Democratic W big General Com
 mittee, and I take pleasure in answering it.
 Never, from the penod of the decision of
 the Philadelphia Convention against ray
 nomination as a candidate for the Presidency,
 have I been willing, nor aiu I now, to have
 my name associated with that office. I would
 not accept a nomination if it were tendered to
 me; and it is mv unaffected desire that no
 further use should be made of my name, inf
 connection with that office. 1 have seen,
 therefore, with regret, movements in various
 quarters, having for their object to present me
 as a candidate to the American people theso
 movements have been w thout any approba
 lion from me. In the present complicated
 state of the Presidential election, they cannot,,
 m my opinion, lie attended with any pabltc
 good, and may tend to the increase of the
 embarrassments and to the exasperation of
 parties.
 While I say this much, without reserve, I
 must nevertheless add that I feel profouud
 gratitude to such of my warm-hearted and
 faithful friends as continue to indulge the vain
 hope of placing me m the office of Chief Ma
 gistrate of the United States; and that
 neither think it just nor polite to stigmatno
 them as factionists, nor by any other opprobri
 ous epithet. Among them I recognize names
 which have been very distinguished for abili
 ty, for devotion to the Whig cause, and for
 ardent patriotism.
 You advert with entire truth to the zeal
 and fidelity with which the delegation from
 New- York sought in the Philadelphia (’on,
 volition to promote my nomination as a candi
 date for the Presidency. lam most thankful
 to them, and shall ever recollect their exer
 tions with profound gratitude.
 With groat respect,
 I am your friend and ob’t serv’t,
 [Signed] 11. CLAY.
 To Messrs. J. Lynch, A. W. Bradford, C.
 Chamberlain, H. W. Merritt, &amp;c.
lion. J. M. Hoot.—This gentleman, it is
 well known, has been nominated for Congress
 by tho Whigs of the Huron District, Ohio.—
 He made a speech on the 31st ult. at Nor
 walk, Ohio. The Reflector represents him as
 follows
 Ho made an eloquent appeal in behalf of
 Free Soil, and declared his conviction that it
 w'as, and ought to be, tin* engrossing question
 of the day. The importance of the Presi
 dential issue, he believed, was improperly es
 timated. It had been too much magnified, fi r
 in reality it was a minor issue. The great
 question was Free Soil, and that was to be
 decided, not by the President, but by Con
 gress. As to his personal views on the Pre
 sidency, he reiterated his former statement*
 that he could not consistently, with those
 views, bestow his vote on Gen. Taylor, but
 he did riot believe it proper f r him, in his
 present position, to attempt to influence the
 minds of his constituents as to the manner in
 which they should employ their suffrages for
 the Presidency.”
lO 3 Two notorious scoundrels, named
 -Sherman and Field, by the aid of an Irish
 man named Deary, attempted to kidnap a
 colored man in Chicago, by tbe name of Lrp
 ard. They gagged, bound, and lelt him to
 get a vehicle to carry him oIF. In tho mean
 time he succeeded in -escaping.
The California Gold Mania. —'Flic dis
 covery of a gold miuo in California ha*
 caused no littlo excitement at Monterey, A
 letter published in the New Yory, Journal of
 Commerce says:
 It has been discovered that the sand* which
 border on the American Fork and Feather
 River, Branches of the Sacramento, are fully
 of particles of gold, resembling in sha[&gt;c
 squirrel shot, flattened out. It is got by
 washing in any vessel, from a tea-saucer U*
 a warming-pan. A single person will gather
 by tliis process from one to two ounces a day
 —and some have gone: as high as a hundred
 dollars worth. Two thousand whites and
 as many Indians are now engaged in washing
 the sand. All labor of every other kind has
 stopped except a little farming. Mechanics,
 doctors, lawyers, merchants, sailors and sol
 diers, have all gone in mass to the gold region.
 Another letter says
 Mr. L. has just returned from the gold
 district, which commences about 25 miles
 above Sutte’s, on the Sacramento (no ono
 knows tiie extent.) The gold is found on thu
 surface, near the bank of the rivers tributary
 to the Sacramento. Mure than $20,000 have
 been collected within the few weeks since it
 was discovered. The accounts are wonder
 ful. Steady working men average $lO pev
 day, though many tunes a hundred dolUss.
 has iieen collected in a day by one man.—
 Hundreds of i*eople are there. Monterey p
 Santo Cruzo, San Jose and San Fianeiseo are
 deserted. It is about five days travel from
 here to the District. There flour is worth
 $.‘32 |h.t barrel; 15 lbs, of Boston crackers in
 tin boxes, $lO a box a cotton shirt $10;
 boards $5OO per 100 feet. A carpenter can
 get 100 per day. Mr. L. paid for a com
 mon cradle trough, 12 feet by 3 wide, to
 wash the gold earth m,. 150. laess than a
 day’s work to make it. How long tho bubble
 will last, it is impossible to say.
M est Indies. —The West India British
 mail steamer Severn, arived at New-York on
 Sunday, in three days from Bermuda. On
 the 22d of August a severe hurricane visited
 Antigua, which destroyed the entire place,
 up-routing trees, blowing down the houses,
 Ac. li was also felt at .St. Thomas but with
 bole damage; and at Numcui, N. I*., it
 was felt with considerable seventy, and, it is
 supposed, passed through all tho West India
 Islands.
Mr. Calhoun has written a teller, defining
 his position with respect to the Fresidcnlul
 candidate*. He says:
 If my friends on both sides would regard
 me as taking no part between the two candi
 dates, and standing on independent grounds,
 ready to support or oppose the successful, as
 his measures may or may not accord with the
 pruicipbst awl views of policy which have long
 governed me, they would avoid all Misappre
 hension. I see much u&gt; condemn and little to
 approve in ehht r of tho candidates.’*
The Boston Republican gives the following
 extract fiom a private letter from a friend iu
 Lowell;
 I looked into the fily Hall la* night os
 tlm Democratic caucus. There was not over
 150 or 200 present. Old* (you
 know said to me that this Free
 J** business was eating up both Whigs and
 am! by November tbcrc would not bo
 enough of both parties in Lowell lo form a
 corporal a guard. He says he shall go Free
 tkk ap to the handle—he will.”
To (XJkKbflH^UEVra.
 A. 8., MiltpHi.—Caiwet *Tl kiu( lx *he
 hrhy. The |K*pcr i&gt; hU with Ihr rrvt.
 C. 8., BuKtlu.—Received; swaiu lb sJiLs’s
 ri-iorn.
 J. C. B Buffet..—The piper hu been *cal to
 (’arutine Hjchamwl
 C J 11., liotfaw —iUui«ixl
"
