"FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 R PF.LANY, Kinross.
VOL I. NO. 4*2.
Tin NORTH STAR i- p«l»li«hed
 Friday, at No. U, BolTalo Street,
 {Ofpo«* thr A rr+Se.
 TERMS.
 I ilUr* pir tuknrnn, «Omv» w*
 •tf!i*cri|)(i.i« *iU Ik rer&lt; i*e»i f-* 1 1
 •in Montlm. I
 ihH rn I"*’ ,l
 lW«w liiar, f.r .m« «Wk*r; ■dwrqwna otM-x
 -tui, twenty-live
 Thr .4t»w V*»t* Star wiH I* toatUrk
 th.krr.nr in all iu U»» a'W.^tp
 |l¥, rrß uL E* ANCirATio*; exalt «»k- -tandar.l
 •f Pcri.lC M"H A 1.1 rr |&gt;r&lt;Hn.a«: tlw- in*»ral and in
 t-IV-toal impo-rc-cnt the V'«.»nr.o Piori.A
 ,lk-day »f FREEDOM to the Thku
 A!,,.,., 05* of Olir ESIUVED FttM-OW CuUN-.
 XSVSAX.
 PUBLISHER’* NOTICES.
 a-j- All ••mmunicalioM relating th« buttn*ts
 mttirt of ik« paper, warn*-* *»f *atiicriber», reaut
 ttuce*. Itc.) ikialil In a»kiree*ed to John Dick,
 [tf- Agouti, and aH other* Nending name*, art
 •&lt;iur*te&lt;t to Ik arcaralr, and gi»e the Pmt Ojfl t,
 he Cmnty, and the Stnif. Each S.dwcriler is nn
 tneiliatelv credited for money received.
 \yy Anv jk r* mi spikliiik in tlie payin-nt f&lt;» f*nr
 Ntulwcrihers, to lie forwarded to one address, may
 tiave a fifth cojiy for one year..
 All letters ami communication* must lie post
 giaid.
 MSI OF At IF.NTS.
 M**f scnt'SFTT*. —R. F. Wairntf, 21, foruliill.
 Ikxl.i i; Natlmn Johitfloti, New Ik Iford; HonUm W
 Foster, Lnvell; Janies X. llutfiim, I.vhm; ••r»rgv
 Evans, Worcester Ikmroe S|nhhkt, Ihmoulli;
 OiarW** 11. [i I* ;4V,&lt;
 [Nortliainpioii; 11. t arjie'iler, l rt M
 Ma,»s..—Oliver IteniH-ft. I'ortland. I
 Vurnont.— KowltiiNl T. Robinson, North ter-,
 rislmrj.
 t’oNNKt TICi T.—Jonathan Leonard, Anv Haven j
 Nr.tv II imoHiitr.-Weare T.ippan, Rradfonl.
 Nr tv Vo k k —Sv-lnev 11. Cay, 142, Nassau
 J unes Ml-tail's- Smith, !&gt;H, West Hmadway;
 Joseph Post, Westlnirv. Oueeii Omintv; Mai v Har
 per, AWitnv; Elia* Ihitv, Macedou; Willetts Keene,
 Peril, Clinton Coontv; Williain S. Halt ins ire, Troy;
 J. K. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 flatt. Hath.
 Kitoni; Ist. a sft Paine, Providence.
 Pr vnsvi.a ANi A.—J. .M. M’Kiin, 3l, North Filth
 .Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Homes, S,
 I'ktee, Ditto; 11. lktwn,PiUsdiMr»li; Win.
 OJumhia; Isaac ItuherU, Jacob L. Paxon, N orris
 town, Montgomery (bounty, Milo A. Townsend,
 N rw ItrightiMi.
 Ohio.—Chrirtian Donaltlwm, Cineinnali; Wat
 non and tJaines, Ditto; ValentiiM- Niehols.ni, llai
 vevnlsirgh, Warren (V; Samm-I Brooke, Salem.
 Mlc it to a M. —Roliert Hanks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
 JJT“ The following correspondence, which
 is apiHMnled to the Narrative of the Life ol
 Fiicdkkick Dot ci.ass,” although published
 koui lime since, will he new and interesting
 to many of the readers of the North Star.
 The writer thus introduces it to his readers
 The following comments on my Narrative
 np|ieared very lately in the Delaware Repub
 lican, a newspaper published iu the most
 northern of the slave Stales, and not very
 remote from that part of Maryland where niy
 early days were spent. Although put lorth
 ns a refutation of tny statements, under the
 unflattering title of Falsehood Refuted, v
 1 have great pleasure in presenting it to tny
 readers. The writer’s admissions are valu
 able as a confirmation of the main facts of my
 Narrative; while the denials are only such as
 might be be expected from an apologist ol
 slavery.”
 TO THE PIfBEIC—FALSEHOOD
 REFUTED.
 It is with considerable regret that 1
 find myself measurably compelled to ap
 pear before the public, but my attentioi
 lias lately been arrested by a pamphlei
 which lias been freely circulated ii
 Wilmington and elsewhere, with tin
 following superscription: Extractsfron
 a .Varra/ire of Frederick: Douglass, ai
 American Slave, written by himself.
 And although I am aware that in
 sensible, unprejudiced person will credi
 such a ridiculous publication, wliici
 bears the glaring impress of falsehoot
 on every page, yet I deem it expedieu
 that I should give the public some in
 formation respecting the validity of thi:
 narrative, because 1 was for many year:
 u citizen of the section of country when
 the scenes of the above mentioned nar
 rativc are laid: and am intimately ac
 quainted with most of the gentlemei
 whose characters are so shamefully tra
 duced, and I am also aware, that tin
 Narrative was not written by the pro
 fessed author, but from statements o
 this runaway slave, some evil designet
 person or persons have composed this
 catalogue of lies to excite the indigna
 tion of public opinion against the slave
 holders of the South; and have even at
 tempted to plunge their venomous fungi
 iu the vitals of the church.
 1 shall, therefore, briefly notice some
 of the most gliring falsehoods contained
 in the aforesaid Narrative, and give i
 true representation of the character o
 those gentlemen, who have been con
 Mired in such an uncharitable manner
 ns murderers, hypocrites, and every
 thing else that is vile.
 I indulge no animosity against th&lt;
 fabricators and circulators of the Nar
 rative, neither do I know them; but i
 positively declare the whole to be i
 budget of falsehoods, from beginning t&lt;
 end.
 I- Ihe identity of the author.—
 About eight v ears ago, I knew this rec
 reant slave by the name of Fredericl
 Hailey, instead of Douglass.) H&lt;
 then liv«-d with Mr. Kdward Covey, ant
 was an unlearned, and rather an ordi
 nary negro, and am confident he wai
 not capable of writing the Narrative ml
 ludcd to; h»r none but an educate*
 man, and one who had some knowledgt
 of the rules of grammar, could w rite s&lt;
 correctly. Although, to make the iiu
 position at all credible, the compose!
 lias labored to write it in as plain i
 style as possible; consequently, tliede
 tection of the first falsehood proves tin
 whole production to be notoriously un
 true.
 Again: It is a common custom ii
 the pail of Maryland from which 1 rai
 away, to separate children from thcii
 (Mothers at a very early age.”
THE NORTH STAR
This also I know to be false. There
 is no such custom prevalent in that stx&gt;
 lion of the country; but, on the contra
 ry, the children are raised with their
 mothers, and generally live with them
 in the same house, except in some few
 instances where the mother is hired out
 as a cook or laborer in some other fami
 ly.
 The gentlemen whose names are so
 prominently set forth in the said Narra
 -1 tive, are C«»l. Kdward Lloyd, Capt.
 Anthony, Austin Gore, Thomas Lam
 din, (not Lanman,) Giles Hicks, Thom-j
 as Auld, and Kdwin Covey. Most of
 these persons I am intimately acquaiut
 i cd with, and shall give a brief sketch
 of their characters as follows:
 Col. Edward Lloyd was one of the
 most wealthy and respectable planters,
 in the State of Maryland. He was at
 one time the Gevernor of the State, and
 for several years a member of the Leg
 islature. He owned Several thousand
 acres of land, and between 4 and 500
 slaves. He died before I had much:
 1 knowledge of him; hut I know that he
 was a kind and charitable man, and in
 every respect an honorable and worthy j
 citizen.
 Most of the same slaves are now
 owned by his three sons, and they man
 age their servants in the same manner
 as did their father; and 1 know there!
 1 are no such barbarities committed on
 their plantations.
 Could it be possible that charitable
 feeling men could murder human be
 ings, with as little remorse of con
 science, as the narrative of this infa
 mous libeller wishes to make us believe;
 and that the laws of Maryland, which,
 operate alike upon black and white,
 bond or free, could permit such foul
 murders to pass unnoticed? No it is
 impossible and every sensible man
 knows that these false accusations are 1
 an ebullition of an unchristian preju
 dice.
 Capt. Anthony, and Giles Hicks, I
 know but little of. The accused mur
 derer, Mr. Gore, is a respectable citi
 zen, living near St. Michaels, and I be
 lieve a worthy mernberofthe Methodist!
 Episcopal Church lie was formerly
 an overseer for Col. Lloyd, and at this!
 time, all who know him, think him any- J
 thing but a murderer.
 Thomas Lamdin, who, it is said, (in
 the Narrative,) boasted so frequently
 j of his murders, is at this time an honest
 school teacher iu the District w here I
 formerly lived; and all the harm that
 can be said of him is, that be is too
 good-natured and harmless to injure
 any person but himself
 Capt. Thomas Auld, whose hypocriti
 cal meanness is so strongly depicted iu
 the aforesaid Narrative, was for many
 years a respectable merchant in the
 town of St. Michaels, and an honorable
 i and worthy member of the Methodist
 i Episcopal Church, and only notable for
 bis integrity and irreproachable Chris
 tian character. He is now retired;
 1 from the turmoil of a mercantile life,
 i and engaged in the worthy occupation
 of tilling the soil, little dreaming of the
 foul accusations that are circulated
 against him.
 Edward Covey, the renowned “negro
 breaker,’ is also a plain, honest farm
 er, and a tried and faithful member of
 the Methodist Episcopal Church. Mr.
 Covey lived for several years on a farm
 adjoining inv father’s, at which time this 1
 runaway negro lived with him, and I'
 am well aware that no such bloody i
 tragedy as is recorded in that lying!
 Narrative ever occurred on Mr. Covey’s
 farm. All that can be said of Mr. Co-i
 vey is, that he is a good Christian, andi
 t a hard working man, and makes every.
 one around him work, and treats theuij
 I well. Ry his honest industry, he has,
 t purchased a fine farm, and is now reap
 ing the reward of his labor,
 j Such are the characters of the men
 w orn the imposers of this dirty Narra
 live have so uncharitnbly traduced, and
 by blending these false accusations with
 the Methodist religion of the South,
 (hey wish to lacerate her already bleed
 ing wounds.
 1 w as raised among slaves, and havei
 also owned them, and am well aware j
 that the slaves live better and fare bet
 j ter iu many respects than the free
 blacks.
 J Yet, I am positively opposed to sla
 very, for 1 know it is a great evil; but
 I Iht evil falls not upon the slave, but on
 the owner. i
 'j Intrigue and false accusations will
 J never liberate the slaves of the South; j
 I I but, on the contrary, every such attempt
 i will only forge lor them new and strong
 er fetters.
 Let the tender-hearted philanthropist
 of the North speak truth and love to
 wards their Southern brethren, and
 make a liberal application of their gold
 for the removing of the blacks from the
 country, and their chance for success
 I j will be more flattering.
 1 have giveu a true representation of
 1 the persons connected with the afore
 said Narrative, and 1 respectfully sub
 mit the facts to the judgment of an im
 partial public.
 A. C. C. THOMPSON,
 No. 101 Market street,
 jl Wihuington, Del.
 1 Rsri.v to Mr. A. C. C. Thompson,
 To the Edilor of the Liberator:
 Dear Friexd: —For the sake of our
 J righteous cause, 1 was delighted to see
 l»y an extract copied into the Liberator
 of l*4th of Dec., IHIS, from the Dela
 ware Republican, that Mr. A. C. .C.
 Thompson, No. 101, Market street,
 W ilmington, has undertaken to invali
 date wy testimony against the slave
 holders, whose names 1 have made
 prominent in the Narrative of my expe
 t lienee while in slavery,
 i Slaveholders and slave traders never
 rj betray greater indiscretion, -than when
 1 they venture to defend themselves, or
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR -GOD Is THE FATHER OF VS ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
their system of plunder, in any other
 community than a slaveholding one.—
 Slavery has its own standard of morali
 ty, humanity, justice, and Christianity,
 Tried by that standard, it is a system
 of the greatest kindness to the slave—
 sanctioned by the purest morality—in
 perfect agreement with justice—and, ol
 course, not inconsistent with Christiani
 ty. Hut, tried by any other, it is doom
 ed to condemnation. The naked rela
 xation of master and slave is one ol
 those monsters of darkness, to whom
 the light of truth is death! The wise
 ones among the slaveholders know this,
 and they studiously avoid doing any
 thing, which, in their judgment, tends
 to elicit truth. They seem fully to un
 derstand, that their safety is in their
 silence. They may have learned this
 wisdom from Junius, who counselled
 his opponent., Sir William Draper,
 when defending Lord Granby, never to
 attract attention to a character, which
 would only pass without condemnation,
 when it passed without observation.
 I am now almost too far away to an
 swer this attempted refutation by Mr.
 Thompson. I fear his article will he
 forgotten, before you get my reply. I
 however, think the whole thing worth
 reviving, as it is seldom we have so
 good a case for dissection. In any
 country hut the United States, I might
 hope to get a hearing through the col
 umns of the paper in w hich i was at
 tacked. Hut this would bo inconsist
 ent with American usage and magna
 nimity. It would be folly to expect
 such a hearing. They might possibly
 advertise me as a runaway slave, and
 share the reward of my apprehension;
 but on no other condition would they
 allow iny reply a place in their columns.
 In this, however, I may judge the
 Republican’harshly. It may be that,
 having admitted Mr. Thompson’s arti
 cle, the editor will think it but fair—
 negro though I am—to allow my reply
 an insertion.
 Iu reply to Mr. Thompson, I shall
 proceed as I usually do in preaching
 the slaveholder’s sermon, —dividing the
 subjects under two [general heads, as
 follows:
 Ist. The statement of Mr. Thomp
 son, in continuation of the truth of my
 narrative.
 2d. His denials of its truthfulness.
 Under the tirst, I beg Mr. Thompson
 to accept my thanks tor his free and
 unsolicited testimony, in regard to iny
 identity. There now need he no doubt
 on that point, however much there
 might have been before. Your testi
 mony, Mr. Thompson, has settled the
 question forever. I give you the full
 est credit for the deed, saying nothing
 of the motive. But for you, sir, the
 pro-slavery people in the North might
 have persisted, with some show of rea
 son, in representing me as being an im
 poster —a free negro who had never
 been South of Mason and Dixon’s line,
 one whom the abolitionists, acting on
 the Jesuitical principle, that the end
 justities the means, had educated and
 sent forth to attract attention to their
 (altering cause. lam greatly indebted
 to you, sir, for silencing those truly
 prejudicial insinuatious. I w ish I could
 make you understand the amount ofser
 vice you have done me. You have
 completely tripped up the heels of your
 pro-slavery friends, and laid them flat
 at your feet. You have done ft piece
 of anti-slavery work, which no anti-sla
 very man could do. Our cautious and
 truth-loving people in New England
 would never have believed this testimo
 ny, in proof of my identity, had it been
 i born by an abolitionist capable of bear
 i ing false witness intentionally, but such
 j people are thought fanatical, and to
 j look at every thing through a distorted
 medium. They will believe you—they
 will believe a slaveholder. They have,
 some how or other, imbibed (and I con
 fess strangely enough) the idea that
 persons such as yourself are dispassion
 ate, impartial, and disinterested, and
 therefore capable of g'ving a fair rep
 resentation of things connected with
 slavery. Now% under these circurn
 j stances, your testimony is of the utmost
 I importance. It will serve to give effect
 'to my exposures of slavery, both at
 home and abroad. I hope 1 shall not
 administer to your vanity when I tell
 you that you,seem to have been raised
 up for that purpose! I came to this
 land with the highest testimonials from
 some of the most intelligent and distin
 j guished abolitionists in the United
 States, yet some have entertained and
 expressed a doubt as to whether I have
 ever been a slave. You may easily
 imagine the perplexing and embarras
 ing nature of my situation, and how
 anxious I must have been to he reliev
 ed from it. You, sir, have relieved
 me. I now stand before the American
 and British people, endorsed by you as
 being just what I have ever represent
 ed myself to he—an American slate,
 You say, I knew the recreant slave
 by the name of Frederick Hailey (in
 stead of Douglass.’) Yes, that was my
 1 name; and leaving out the term re ere
 ant, which savors a little of bitterness,
 your testimony is direct and perfect—
 just what I have huig wanted. Hut yon
 i are not yet satisfied. You seem deter
 mined to bear the most ample testimony
 in my favor. You say you knew rat
 I when I lived with Mr. Covey. ‘And
 with most of the persons mentioned in
 my narrative,‘you are intimately ac
 i quainted.' This is excellent. Then
 Mr. Edward Covey is not a creature ol
 my imagination, hut really did, and may
 yet exist.
 You thus brush away the miserable
 ’insinuations of my northern pro-slavery
 i enemies, that have used fictitious, not
 real names. You say— ‘CoL Lloyd
 was a wealthy planter. Mr. Gore wai
 once an overseer for Col. Lloyd, but
 now living near St. Michael s, is re
 spected, and [you] believe be is a mein-
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1848.
her of the Methodist Episcopal Church, j
 Mr. Thomas AukJ is an honorable and
 worthy me tuber of the Methodist Epis
 copal Church. Mr. Covey, too, is a
 member of the Methodist church, and
 ull that can be said of him is, that he is
 a good Christian,’A-c. kc. Do allow
 me, once more, to thank you for this
 triumphant vindication of the truth of
 my statement; and to show you how
 highly I value your testimony, I will in
 form you that I am now publishing a
 second edition of my narrative in this
 country, having already disposed of the
 first. I w ill insert your article with my
 reply as an appendix to the edition now
 in progress. If you find any fault with
 my frequent thanks, you inay find some
 excuse for me in the fact, that I have
 serious fears that you will be but poorly
 thanked by those vrboae characters you
 have felt it your duty to defend. I am
 almost certain they will regard you as
 running before you were sent, and as
 having spoken when you should have
 been silent. Under these trying cir
 cumstances, it is evidently the duty ol
 those interested in your welfare to ex
 tend to you such words of consolation
 as may ease, if not remove, the pain ol
 your sad disappointment! But enougli
 of this.
 Now then, to the second part—or
 your denials. You are confident I did
 not write the book; and the, reason of
 your confidence is, that when you knew
 me, I was an unlearned and rather an
 ordinary negro. Well, I have to admit
 I was rather an ordinary negro when
 you knew me, and I do not claim to be
 a very extraordinary one now. But
 you knew me under very unfavorable
 circumstances. It was when 1 lived
 with Mr. Covey, the negro breaker,
 and member of the Methodist Church. 1
 had just been living with master Thom
 as Auld, where I had been reduced by
 hunger. Master Thomas did not allow
 me enough to eat. Well, when I lived
 with Mr. Covey, I was driven so hard,
 and whipt so often, that my soul was
 crushed and my spirits broken. I was
 a mere wreck. The degradation to
 which I was then subjected, as I now
 look back to it, seems more like a dream
 than a horrible reality. I can scarcely
 realize how I ever passed through il
 without losing all my moral and intel
 lectual energies. I can easily under
 stand that you sincerely doubt il’l wrote
 the narrative; for if any one had told
 me, seven years ago, should ever be
 able to write such an one, I should
 have doubted as strongly us you now
 do. You must not judge me now by
 what I then was—a change of circum
 stances has made a surprising change
 in me. Frederick Douglass,, the free
 man, is a very different person from
 Frederick Bailey,* the slave. I feel
 myself almost a new man—freedom has
 given me new fife. I fancy you would
 scarcely know me. 1 think I have al
 tered very much in my general appear
 ance, and know I have in my manners.
 You remember when I used to meet
 you on the road to St. Michael’s or near
 Mr. Covey’s lane gate, I hardly dared
 to lift my head, and look up at you. If
 I should meet you now, amid the free
 hills of old Scotland, w here the ancient
 black Douglass’ once met his foes, I
 presume I might summon sufficient for
 titude to look you full in the luce; and
 were you to attempt to make a slave of
 me, it is possible you might find me al
 most as disagreeable a subject, as was
 the Douglass to whom I have just re
 ferred. Of one thing, I am certain—
 you would see a great change in me!
 i I trust 1 have now explained away
 your reason for thinking I did not
 write the narrative in question.
 You next deny the existence of such
 cruelty in Maryland as I reveal in my
 narrative; and ask, with truly marvell
 ous simplicity,‘could it be possible that
 charitable, feeling men could murder
 humau beings with as litle remorse as
 the narrative of this infamous libeller
 would make us believe; and that the
 laws of Maryland, which operate alike
 upon black and white, bond and free,
 could permit such foul murders to pass
 unnoticed?’ ‘No,* you say it is impos
 sible I am not to determine what
 charitable, feeling men can do; but to
 show what Maryland slaveholders act
 ually do: their charitable fee.ing is to
 be determined by their deeds, and not
 their deeds by their charitable feeling.
 The cowskin makes as deep a gash in
 my flesh, when wielded by a professed
 saint, as it does when wielded by an
 open sinner. The deadly musket does
 as much execution when its trigger is
 pulled by Austin Gore, the Christian,
 as when the same is done by Beal
 Bondly, the infidel The best way to
 ascertain what those charitable feeling
 men can do’ will be to point you to the
 laws made by them, aud which you say
 operate alike upon the while and black,
 tbe bond and free. By consulting the
 statute law s of Maryland, you w ill find
 the following;— Any slave for
 rambling in the night, or riding horses
 tin the day time without leave or run
 i ning away, may be punished bv whip
 ping .cropping, branding in the check
 or otherwise not rendering him unfit for
 i labor”—p- 337. Then another/—“Any
 slave convicted of petty treason, mur
 der, or wilful burniug of houses, may
 be sentenced to have his right hand cut
 off, to be banged in the usual manner,
 the head severed from bis body—tbe
 'body divided into four quarters, and
 the head and quarters set up in the
 most public places, where such act
 was committed.’ —P*S C 190.
 Now, Mr. Thompson, when you con
 sider with what ease a slave may be
 convicted of any one or all of these
 i crimes, bow bloody and attrocious those
 laws appear! Yet, sir, they are bat the
 breath of those pious aud charitable
 j feeling men, whom you would defend.
 lam sure I have recorded in i my nar
 *.Mv Miwr opt.
rative, nothing so revoltingly cruel,
 murderous, mod infernal, as may be
 found in your own statute book.
 You say that the laws of Maryland
 operate alike upon the white and black,
 the b&lt;&gt;nd and free. If you mean by
 this, that the parties named arc all
 equally protected by law, you perpe
 trate a falsehood as big as that told by
 President Polk in his inaugural address.
 It is a notorious fact even on this side
 of the Atlantic, that a black man cannot
 testify against a white man in uny
 court in Maryland nor aßy other slave
 State. If you do not ku «w this, you
 are rather to be pitied than censured.
 I will not say ‘that the detection of this
 falshood proves all you have said to
 be false*—for I wish to avail myself of
 your testimony, in regard to my ioden
 tity,—but I will say, you have made
 yourself very liable tv suspicion.
 I will close these-remark s by saying,
 your positive opposition to slavery is
 explained, and will be well understood
 by anti-slavery men, when you say the
 evil of tbe system does not fall upon
 the slave, but the slaveholder. This
 is like saying that the evil of being
 burnt is not felt by the person burnt,
 but by him who kindles up the fire about
 him. Frederick Douglass.
 Perth, (Scotland,) 27th Jan., 1846.
 Frniu tlie N. Y. GI»Ik-.
 BEAUTIES OF THE SLAVE SYSTEM.
 The following narrative of the heart
 rending case of the schooner Pearl, now
 under investigation in the Court of the
 United States, will be read with inter
 est. The narrator is a gentleman fa
 miliar with the history of the sad affair,
 and his description of it will be likely
 to command the attention of the Ame
 rican people. No friend of our free
 institutions can peruse the history
 of this case, without feeling that the
 character of our country, its Democ
 racy and its humanity, have been out
 raged by it. That the seat of the Fed
 eral Government should be the place in
 which such deeds transpire, is well cal
 culated to alarm the friends of free in
 stitutions throughout the world:
 District of Columbia—Frtraordmary Judicial
 Proceedings—Trial of Drayton and Sayres
 The S hooncr Pearl—The Persons ivho
 attempted to firin'’re their Freedom—lllus
 trations of the Slare System.
 Washington, Aug. 25, 1848.
 Preston King, St. Lawrence County.
 Sir: If the simplicity and man
 liness of your character commanded a
 less cordial respect from me than they
 do, I should not have placed your name
 at the head of this communication. Il
 your present position as a firm friend ol
 freedom, equality and brotherhood,were
 less worthy of admiration than it is, it
 would not have occurred to me submit
 toyou the brief statements which I juro
 posc to make on this occasion. This is
 a territory which belongs to the United
 States—to the Indivisible Republic—to
 the whole People. I write in sight of
 the National Capitol. Here reside the
 sovereignty and responsible power of
 the entire people in their oneness. The
 voice of a great monarch speaks here.
 What it bids, is done. What it pro
 hibits, none may presume to do. Of
 course the majority, wherever it re
 sides, must be answerable to the civil
 ized world. To its hands the honor and
 interest of the nation—the great whole
 are committed. If justice and human
 ity pervade the laws in their design and
 execution, then the intrinsic advantage,
 as well as the controlling influence of
 an illustrious example, will be the com
 mon inheritance of all. Freedom can
 never enter into partnership with ty
 ranny and despotism. The idea of such
 a compromise is preposterous—unpos
 -1 sihle. The constituent elements of the
 two are natural and inevitable antago
 nists. The one or the other will tri
 i umph in the end, and rule in the sphere
 i which it occupies, without a rival. The
 very object of acquiring this territory
 at the outset, was to make sure of a
 place for future utterance and untrain
 rncled activity, in the most liberal sens#
 of a Democratic platform. Sad to say,
 the spirit of northern freedom from the
 beginning has been suffocated in this
 den of tyranny. No man from the
 North speaks and acts with the ease
 and naturalness here which he is ac
 customed to do at horde. There is a
 certain measured tone in his language,
 a certain caution and stiffness in his
 movements, of which he would be
 heartily ashamed among his neighbors
 jor constituents. I need not remind you
 of this. You have resided here, and
 can readily feel the point of what I say.
 One is overawed by a ferocious, cor
 rupt public sentiment, dictated by the
 1 tvrant enste. The voice of another is
 stifled by the love of place, or rather
 through the dread of losing it.
 i A very remarkable scene bat been
 witnessed here within a few weeks past.
 Such proceedings have been had in the
 United Slates Criminal Court fer tbe
 District, before Judge Crawford, as, k
 seems to me, will astonish thinking peo
 ple. I dare say you have noticed the
 trial of Drayton and Sayres, as report
 -led in the papers. It is that which I al
 lude to. These two men were accused
 of stealing certain persons who were
 found on board the schooner Pearl.—
 j They are both of them men of fair and
 i respectable standing among their ac
 i quaintances in Philadelphia. To deal,
 carries in it the design to sell the pro
 perty taken, to make gain aad profit ol
 ’it. So the District Attorney gets a
 I Grand Jury to find forty-one indict
 ments against each of these men, and
 also against English, a young man who
 was with them, but was at last, after a
 fear math’s unjustifiable imprison
 ment, discharged, without a trial. The
 persous claimed belonged to forty -one
 assumed owners—that is, there were al
 leged forty-one distinct acts of deal
 big. But there were in fact seventy-
four persons on tb« Pearl claimed u
 slaves. Tlie District Attorney there
 fore got the I*rand Jury to indict each
 of the three men Drayton, Sayres
 and English—for the distinct offence ol
 aiding away each of these seventy-fout
 persons claimed as slaves. Thus forty
 one indictments were found against eacli
 of them for stealing—that is, one hun
 dred and twenty-three in all —grand
 total, three hundred and forty-fire.—
 The penalty for stealing is 10 years
 imprisonment for each offence, and foi
 aiding away, a fine of two hundred dol
 lars in each case of conviction. These
 indictments are found under two dis
 tinct statutes, which are among the
 laws of Maryland of long standing.anc
 are made applicable to this District, il
 at all, by an act of Congress! Eng
 lish is discharged, a 9 I said. Drayton
 is sentenced to twenty years in the pen
 itentiary! Sayres, on precisely the
 same state of (beta and shearing by the
 prosecution, is acquitted of stealing,
 and convicted of aiding. Both now lie
 in jail, as an appeal is taken to the Cir
 cuit Court, which does not hold a term
 till October. It was not my purpose to
 pass a criticism upon the details of this
 monstrous and profligate proceeding
 within the sacred precincts of a United
 States Court. That will soon he done,
 and the whole record spread out foi
 public inspection by a far abler ham!
 than mine. At least I hope it will, am!
 do i.ot doubt it. I will say, however,
 that the repeated outrages upon the
 common sense, commou decency, ant!
 the rightful forms of law, as they are
 conceived and maintained throughout
 the bounds of the civilized world, com
 mitted in the progress of this trial, by
 both the prosecuting officer and the
 Judge, are a deep disgrace to us all,
 and will continue to be so, till a revers
 al of the whole proceeding—till they
 are driven from the station which they
 occupy hut to disgrace.
 Let me state the case—the whole ol
 it—simply as may be: A numerous fam
 ily, supposed bv the best lawyers in
 Washington, and by the community, to
 he fairly and legally entitled to their
 freedom, whilst it was yet in controver
 sy, applied, through a colored man, to
 Drayton, to take them off. Without
 knowing their names, or the circum
 stances further, he consented to do it,
 if they could get on hoard his vessel.
 As was perhaps inevitable, other per
 sons, who were actually sold, or were
 liable to be every day, became ac
 quainted with .the fact, that the mastei
 of a vessel not unfriendly to them was
 here, or would be here, at a certain
 time. In the depths of their distress, ai
 the idea of on immediate transportation
 to the horrors of a New Orleans slav*
 market, they rushed on board of a ves
 sel, which they trusted in God might
 land them on friendly free soil! Dray
 ton never saw one of them, nor heard
 the name of one of them, till he was on
 his way down the Potomac, the day af
 ter they went on board. Nothing was
 proved against him on the trial, except
 that these persons were on the vessel
 with him—that is the whole of it—with
 every conceivable inference and impli
 cation on his side, that he intended to
 bring them to a free State. That was
 altogether sufficient to clear him from
 the imputation of theft or crime, in the
 rational construction of the law as it is.
 But I have said enough on this point;
 your reflections will well supply the in
 cidents and drapery.
 Let ine detail to you a few facts con
 nected ..h this affair of the schooner
 Pearl, and a few illustrations of Slave
 ry in our Federal District.
 The Bei.l Family.—Daniel Bell is
 a robust, worthy, industrious man, a
 native of Prince George’s county, be
 low Washington. He has worked
 most of the time for twenty years past
 at the Navy Yard, in the smith’s shop,
 where heavy iron work is cost and
 moulded. Many years since, tho mas
 ter of Bell, ia a rage because the
 owner of his wife had set her free by
 deed, sold him to the speculators. They
 came into the shop while at his work—
 without warning, he was knocked flat
 to the floor by them, ironed and car
 ried to the trader's pen, then kept in
 Seventh street, on the Avenue. Bell
 had friends, who pitied him, and his
 distressed wife and children. They
 induced a Colouel somebody, of the
 marine corps, to purchase hirn, and
 give him a chance to work out his
 freedom. Bell was to pay a thousand
 dollars for himself. He had actually
 paid the amount, or near it, when his
 owner, the Colonel, was ordered to
 Florida, where he died. It was then
 found that he had mortgaged Bell to
 his sister-irt-law, for a thousand dollars,
 before leaving home. She demanded
 of Bell the whole sum, but he sunk in
 despair, and told her he must die a
 slave after all, for he never could raise
 that amouot. Through the interven
 tion of a trusty friend, Thomas Blag
 den, who had from the first endorsed
 Bell’s notes for him, he gr*t the price
 finally reduced to five or six hundred
 dollars. The sum of the matter is,
 Bell has the receipts to show that he
 has actually paid for himself!
 He got his freedom papers complete
 only last year, some time. His wife,
 some years since, when die had six
 children, was made free by the express
 deed of her master, which was to take
 effect at his death, and that took place
 a few days after the deed waa execu
 ted. She was recorded in the Clerk ’s
 office as free, and remained so for eight
 years, having had two children in tile
 time. Her children, by the deed,
 were to be free as they suceasiveJy
 arrived at a certain age-1-say twenty
 five. After a lapse of eight years, and
 when there were eight children sad
 two graod children, the widow set up a
 claim to the «4»ole group, eleven in »H
 Poor B$U had recourse to lawyers and
JOHN MCI, f
WHOLE NO.-42.
kut with little prospect of g
 rrar«M of grirva nce»! The widow
 w constantly seeking t„ y hand* on
 them, to obtain the price of tbeir sinew*
 I’rora the speculators, or she took their
 I wages without allowing them the first
 red cent for clothes. This is the con
 duct of the. widow Greenfield, living
 near the Navy Yard f
 As his last and only hope, poor Bell
 put his family on the Pearl. They
 were brought back, and with the ex
 ception ot his wife and two younger
 children, were all sold and scattered
 over the South, God knows where
 The wife and one child Mr. Rlagdetf
 redeemed for Bell, and the sum is now
 making up at the North—four hundred.
 dollars. This is the family that were
 referred to with so much effect by Mr.
 Slingerland, the representative from
 our Albany district, at the tins of thq
 flagitious transaction fast spring.
 The Kdmotsox ffhsuLv. Paul
 Edmonson was born into Slavery, in
 Montgomery county, Maryland, eigh
 teen miles from this city. He wCitl lives
 in the same neighbourhood. At the
 age of forty-two he obtained hia free
 dom by the gift of his master. By
 industry, economy and thrift, he fra*
 acquired a comfortable little homestead
 of forty acres, on which he now lives
 at the age of seventy years. He has
 reared a family of fifteen children.
 Fourteen are still alive, one, a daugh
 ter, having died at the nge of sixteen.
 His wife, Milly, was also born to tho
 sad inheritance of bondage, and is still
 a slave. At an early period, in tho
 distribution of an estate, she fell to the
 lot of one Rebecca Culver. The two
 have grown up together from childhood.
 The mistress was not reckoned quito
 com]/os, and has always had a guardian
 of her person and trustee of her pro
 perty. 3he person now her guardian
 and trustee is Francis Yaledenur,
 whose wife is a neice of his ward, and
 an heir apparent of her estate. Mr.
 V'aldenur is a inan of some standing in
 the neighbourhood, and is a State
 Tobacco Inspector at Baltimore.
 These Kdmonsons arc not an ordinary
 family, as you will perceive in tho
 sequel. They have the impulses of
 manhood and freedom gushing through
 their veins. Some fifteen years since,
 when the second son whose name is
 Hamilton, arrived at full manhood, he
 attempted to snap his ignoble chains,
 and reach the North, to be his own
 man and guide, under God. He was
 caught, taken back, and sold for $5OO
 to New Orleans. In June last, his
 brothers and sisters, who were on tho
 Pearl, met him there, and found he
 had just obtained his freedom for SIOUU
 which he had earned and saved over
 and above his tasks as a slave! Five
 of the sisters now reside in Washing
 ton—they are masrted there, and are
 all of them in comfortable circum
 stances; fine in their personal appear
 ance—modest, well-behaved, estimable
 women, all of them. One of them paid
 $3OO only for herself; she was an in
 valid. The doctor told her she would
 soon die, and she had better not make
 the attempt. Her reply was “131 do
 it and be free, if I die the next hour
 another paid $3*25 for he? freedom,
 whose constitution was delicate. The
 oldest, a noble-looking, noble-minded
 woman, purchased her rights at $450,
 some years ago, before prices were as
 high as at present. The two younger
 of these five married sisters paid $5OO
 apiece for themselves. Four brothers
 and two younger sisters Emily and
 Maria were on the Pearl. They vert
 brought back with the rest and sold Co
 the speculators for the New Orleans
 market for $750 apiece all round. Now
 cast up, and it will appear that tho
 trustee of the demented old maid has
 actually realized from the sale of this
 one family, the offspring of a sing fa
 slave mother, the sum of $7075 The
 two youngest children—a very likely
 boy and girl—arc still left. They are
 so much capital in hand, to be traded
 upon at the first convenient time. But
 this family was entirely nurtured and
 brought up by the father, and each, aa
 soon as arrived at the working age,
 has been put out at wages for the ex
 clusive benefit of the old rnaid, without
 sense or rather, for that of those who
 choose to be her heirs. It would be
 fact worthy of one’s curiosity to know
 how much peeciscly they have earned
 and paid over. I said four of the
 brothers and two sisters were sold to
 New Orleans. One brother, Richard,
 has been bought, brought back, and
 made free. 'Hu? sisters have also been
 brought back, and are now in the trad
 ers pen in Baltimore, in whose behalf
 an appeal -will soon be made. The
 other three brothers have been sold ia
 New Orleans. I might multiply eases
 to a score, similar in their features to
 these. I intended to mention 'several
 others, but lam taxing your patieocs
 too severely and will stop.
 If the question were about to be
 subrnited, whether an immediate stop
 should be put to the sale of such per
 sons and families as these, in our i&gt;ie
 trict of Columbia, a peremptory act
 of Congress, or sot, J »ho«ld like to
 have the people of glorious, Democrat
 ic, radical St. Lawrence—the swarm
 ing masses,
 Such an almighty Art! would resound
 through the woods £nd across tbs
 lakes, as to shake the topm-ut peaks of
 the Essex mountain* I’d like to put
 it to them to say. whether as honest,
 simple-hearted man shall go to tha
 Penitentiary ia the Federal Datfrict for
 twenty years, a* a Stats criminal,
 beclfae he allowed* such people as
 these to lak passage oa bis vesael, or
 rather did not drive them from it.
 These are questions to be thought of—
 to be o»«t—they must be—there fa an
 avoiding it.
 Your friend and fellow-citizen,
 HAMPDEN
"
