"Xoticco.
Anti-slavery Meeting.
 The Geneva Ladies’ A. S. »S. Society
 give notice that they have secured the ser
 vice* of Mr. Frederic* PoroLAE*, to deliver
 an address before them ou the evening of the
 third Wednesday of Ortolicr. *ftie public
 arc re-spocifutty invited to attend.
 Mks. BLAND, Sec.
 Mr*. MARY JKFFRY, Pro*.
 Rhode Island Antl-Klavery Society
 Annnal Meeting.
 The thuteenth annual meeting of tbe Rhode
 Wand Anti-Slavery Society, will be held in
 Providence, on Wednesday and Thursday,
 November 15th, and Kith. 1848.
 The usual elfort will he made to secure the
 attendance of distinguished friends of emanci
 {tttion from abroad, and it is-confidentially
 hoped that the meeting will l»c rendered inter
 esting to all who may be present.
 Our earnest appeal to all the friends of Lib
 rrty in Rhode Island is, that tliey w ill ono
 again lend to us and to the cause, their pre
 wince, their warm sympathies and their goner
 ou* eiTorts. Tins surely is not a rime when
 the Pioneers of our cause in this State—tht
 earnest ami true men and women of the home
 of Roger Williams should falter in their work,
 or lack faith in the ultimate triumph of thcii
 doctrines. The fires which have been kindled,
 and which are now bursting forth, even
 amongst the old long enslaved and slave
 shattered political parties, should be kept
 burning; and enquirers for the truth should
 fie pointed to a higher duty and a more glori
 ous purpose. li«t us come together, then,
 with warm and determined hearts, ami taking
 courage from the past, resolve again to press
 forward w ith renewed zeal ami a closer friend
 ohip for our cause, to the prize so dear to us.
 and so full of joy to the enslaved.
 In bchali of the Rhode Island Anti-Slavery
 Society,
 JOHN BROWN, President,
 A.varancv Pa ink, Secretary.
 Providence, R. L, Oct. 2, lt*4B.
 FREEDOM’S JUBILEE CELEBRA
 TION.
 Hie Colored Freemen of Central New
 ork, will commemorate the day which gave
 Freedom to 800,000 human beings in the
 British West India Isles, at Auburn, N. Y.,
 on the Ist of August next. And at the same
 time they will remember with gratitude the
 recent Frenen demonstration of Liberty,
 Equality, Fraternity.
 By order of the Committee,
 Gilbert Coolkv,
 Solomon Deman,
 J. W. Qi INCY,
 Jacob Jordon,
 Howard Wells. I
 WOMAN’S PROTECTIVE UNION.
 W ill meet at Protection Jlall, Friday at 3
 o clock P. M. All interested in raising wo
 man from her present state of degradation,
 are respectfully invited to attend.
 SARAH C. OWEN, Sec.
 To llie People of the United States.
 The Gubernatorial Election in Ohio.
 The undersigned, composing the Slate
 -crural Committee of the F ree Democracy of
 Ohio, ask the alien lion their fellow citizens
 of all parties, throughout the Union, to the
 following statement in regard to the Guberna
 torial election in this Stale.
 The Cleveland llcrald, the leading Taylor
 paper in northern Ohio, has, w ith becoming
 ••smlor. repudiated the claim put forth in a
 New York print, that the election of Search*
 Ford will In* a Taylor victory. This ex
 ample has been followed by some other Tav
 or papers.
 It is not improbable, however, that out of
 Ohio, —and not impossible that by some reck
 less presses even in Ohio, —this groundless
 brim may be asserted after our election on
 the second Tuesday of October.
 It is iin|*oriaul that this matter be rightly
 understood; Ibr nothing can he more certain
 than that if such a claim could lie justly
 made, General Ford would be defeated by aii
 unprecedented majority.
 Gen. Ford was nominated, indeed, by a
 Whig State Convention, hut it was months]
 liefore the dissolution of the whig party by I
 the Philadelphia nomination, and he was 1
 nominated as a declared and resolute support-:
 «-r of the Wiimot Proviso, and of kindred
 anti-slavery measures.
 Since the nomination of Taylor, Gen. Ford
 has maintained the positions which he previ-!
 onslv occupied. He is still a firm friend of
 the Proviso, known and acknowledged to lx;!
 Mich by all, whether friends or opponents, i
 He has not, indeed, declared for whom he]
 shall vote m the Presidential election but he
 has given no countenance to any claim that
 he will votf for Gen. Taylor.
 On the other hand, we are not advised that
 Goo. Ford has expressed any intention to
 vote fi»r the candidates of the Free Democra- j
 ry.. It is certain, however, that the candidate i
 i«ir Congress, iu Gen. Ford’s district, norai-j
 listed by a whig convention, assembled since
 the Taylor nomination, is one of the most
 earnest and able supporters of Mr. Van Hur
 on in our State. It is also certain, that Mr.
 Riddle, the nominee of the Whig County!
 convention of Geauga, Gen. Ford’s own
 eouniy, is, also, a warm and decided advocate
 ••I Mr. \an liurvu'b election. And we are]
 assured, by intelligent and reliable men, that]
 Mr. mi Bun n's majority, in Geauga cowuty,
 will not fall short of ihat given to Gen. lord
 himself, which, it is expected, will not he*
 less than sixteen hundred.
 t 01. W kller was nominated hy the Siaie j
 Convention ol iln: old drnmeratie party, on I
 il»e Mb of January lust. The letter of Gen. I
 Ca*s to Mr. Nicholson, was then before the I
 public, and objections to t 'ass were undo m
 the convention on account of the lenuueiation
 of the Wilnuit Proviso which it avowed.'
 The convention, notwithstanding, remm-
 mended Case for the Pre&gt;idcnlial nomination,
 by a decided majority, and nominated Col.i
 Weller for Governor, a* a ass mail. Siucc
 ibe Baltimore convention, Cut- Weller baa,
 avowed las full adhesion toils platform—the
 slavrrf resolution and all—and has t.tkcj,
 ground —although he declares h b own opjK»Ri
 iiuii to tl»e extension of slavery into new
 territories —against the WUniot I’ioviso.
 It must In? reimub*-re*l, llmi G.-n. Ford and
 Cvd. Weller were already m uoanuauou,
 wie-n tlie lnde|nmJepl Free Soil inmiviiiUuii
 of Ohio, met at Columbia, iu June last. T’li»t
 convention, in deference mainly to the wjsl.es
 of the Free Soil men of the Re*r*rve, but
 greatly mfluenced, also, by the consideration
 iluu no tin»rough organization ol the J*arty'
 could be effected until alter Uio Bufiaiu con
 vottjMi, adopted a resolution declaring j! j
 *'inexpedient, at that tune, to nominate a
 candidate fur Governor. Since Uie adjour-f
 nment of the Buffalo convention, no State
 Free Democratic convention, lies l»eeu held
 It being thought in* vpedteot, in view of the
 efiori tut* rval bcUwn that adjournment and
 i&gt;ur Stale election, to eiiiliamiw the Free Soil
 eauvaxv lor ucmUu &lt;d Congn-M th&gt;•
 Slain JjggtuhUuie, bv a contest for Governor,
 which i«. in Ohio, a inerclv nomival office.
 Tin F.ce P«::u«»cra« -»r* therefore, uufi
out a Aandidatfo for GiivenpNT. It is not a
 desirable |*wt|ian but one* which could not
 bo availed rveept by iiutntMSion, at the verv
 of our pwty organisation, and undor
 eirovnMtanr*’% which, in the judgment of our
 boat men, rendered such 1 step wholly inad
 visable, in view of the paramount interests of
 our great cause.
 j In the ahecnce of a Gubernatorial nnoiina
 tion of their own, and in view of the poaiumt*
 ,of the two candidates already before the
 I we do iwH doubt that Geo. Fund will
 receive must of the votea of thone Free Soil
 era, who acted wuh the Whig Patty at the
 time he was nominated. He wiilal*o receive
 i the votea of some who acted with the old
 Party, at the lime Col. Weller
 |w as nominated, hut wilt not now vote hitu
 on account of the positions he has taken dur
 ing the canvass. Many votes, also, will be
 least for him by the old Liberty men, on
 account of bis imoom vocal opposition to .Slave
 ry and the Black Laws, during bis service in
 the .Slate legislature.—lt is true that many
 voles will he withheld both by Taylor men
 and Free Snilers, on account of his refusal lo
 declare how be will vote at the Piesidentia!
 election; and many votes will be given for
 Col. Weller, in s[Hte of hts positions in favor
 iof Can and his doctrines, by Free Salem
 from the old Democratic Partv, w ho mil vote
 f«&gt;r some one, and will not vote fur a candi
 date, nominated by their old op|tonenis, unless
 be will come out unequivocally in favor of
 j Van Huron. No one however, doubts that
 a large proportion of the Free Soil votes will
 be given to Gen. Ford.
 The election of Gen. Ford will, therefore,
 indicate the weaknen, rather than the strength
 |of Gun. Taylor in Ohio. He is not a Tajdor
 candidate; his election will bo no teat of
 j Tavlorism.
 j IT IS OCR DCLIftEKAft OFIKIO* THAT THU
 State or Onto cam, j* mo cf est bk cam
 j Mini for Okm. Taylor. We are confident
 :of a heavy majority over Cass and Taylor
 both, in the counties of the Western Reserve.
 If our friends in the other parts of the State
 do their whole duty, we believe that the vote
 of the State can be given to Van Burcn.
 The real contest in Ohio is between Van Bnr
 en and Cass. The struggle will be hard, but
 faith and works will give us tlw victory.
 K. S. HAMLIN, 1
 S. M. SMITH, Stats
 J VS. M. WEST WATER, Central
 L. L. RICE, I Conunutec
 ISRAEL GARRARD. J
 Columbus, (Jet., 4, Is4B.
THE NORTH STAR.
I ROCHESTER, OCTOBER 13, 1848.
Visit to Philadelphia.
 Wc have seldom spent two weeks more
 agreeably, or usefully, than those which we
 have just passed in the City of Brotherly
 Love. At the urgent request of several de
 voted friends oi’ the cause in that place, we
 were reluctantly induced to leave our editorial
 post, for the purpose of holding a scries of
 meetings in that city among the colored peo
 ple, and thereby extend the circulation of the
 North Star. In the pleasure which the visit
 afforded, the numerous friends and acquaint
 ances made, the increased knowledge of the
 social condition of our people acquired, sub
 scriptions to the North Star obtained, and
 ihe general and we trust praiseworthy good
 [lone, we feel abundantly compensated for the
 toil and inconvenience to which absence from
 our editorial duties invariably subjects us. Of
 the meetings of the first week, our
 Delany, has already informed you. They
 were such as would have cheered the hearts
 of freedom's friends, and chilled the blood of
 tyrants to have witnessed. They were large,
 generous, enthusiastic and unanimous. There
 was never so general an interest excited
 among the colored people of that city be
 fore. The whole population seemed moved
 by a general impulse from Lombard street to
 West Philadelphia, and from thence to the
 Northern Liberties, the cause of freedom
 rolled, sweeping all befure it. For much of
 the interest excited, the cause is largely in
 debted to the well-directed clTorts of Charles
 Lenox Rcinond. He had, in company with
 Hr. Bias, George W. Goines, liev. Messrs.
 Galbrath, and Catto, and other devoted friends
 of frerKloin, kept up a constant fire upon the
 pro-slavery churches and ministry of Phila
 delphia. When nearly exhausted, the ap
 pearance of M. If. Delany refreshed and in
 vigorated them for a renewal of the contest,
 and they were in full blast when we arrived.
 Many of the colored churches had been closed
 against the discussion. Little Wesley, pre
 sided over by Rev. Mr. Catto, was fur a time
 almost the only house where the cause of the
 ilave could Ire freely pleaded. Brick Wesley,
 i large and commodious building, presided
 uver by Rev. Mr. Galbrath, came open next
 Shiloh Baptist Church, presided over by Rev.
 S. Serrington, threw open its doors next.—
 Bethel Church, in West Philadelphia, threw
 its doors open next; and last, though not
 least, the Union and Zoar Churches, in the
 Northern Liberties, were opened to the cause
 next. The churches most hostile to the Anti-
 Slavery movement, and bitterly opposed to
 rpeuing their doors, are Stephen Gloucester’s,
 St. Thomas's, and Large Bethel. These
 lirec arc closed against discussion, and for
 rnrious reasons. The first of this pro-slavery
 rio is presided over by one of the vilest
 raitors to Ins race that ever lived. When
 lie mob spirit raged in Philadelphia in IH|2,
 md the persons and property of colored chi
 le us had been attacked, some killed, and
 nuch property destroyed, this miserable trui
 or came out in a card in the Philadelphia
 dger, and attempted to propiiialc Uie pro
 la very demon, by declaring that tus church
 is// nertr been upatuf J'ur A/iU-SJamy inert
 ngs, thus, dastard like, making a merit of his
 i leanness, ami claiming protection from tlie
 •[•pressor because he had basely turned his
 &gt;ack upon the oppressed. He is the same
 .Jhmeester who was the jut of the misnamed
 h'm* Church of Scotland, which sent a depu
 ation to this country four years ago to solicit
 b•nations for the purpose „f building Free
 'hunlies, and paying Free Church minister*
 n Scotland, which deputation ucut lulu tin:
 'hue StaUfc, saw tins slaves tu their tiuuibic
 -ondiUmn, divested ol ail ngiils, forded with
 due l/east of the field, bound with chains,
 maimed w ith iron*, scarred by the lash, kicked
 up in midnight ignorance, denied the
 opportunity «*f hunting to read (he name and
 will of God; and with this giant crime before
 [hrrn, they fellow shipped the slaveholder,
 Ealhfd hnn Dear Christiau broth, r, solicited and
 obtained his blood-Mainod g M ht, saying n&lt;4h
 ng ol lus crimes, or uhispanng a wutd ol
 ‘Ytitpaiiiy with the perishing slate*. They
 eft our slwie*, placed Uwir stolen treasure iu
 he sustentstion fund, sml when rebuked font
 &gt;v Henry C. Wright, George Thompson,
 Ain Lloyd Gan ;*on, and ourselves, they inv
 nediatidy pressed the Bible into the aenrire
 •f slavery, and in defence of their comfort,
4cdare&lt;l that "Jam thru* uU 4&lt;*m M Mr
 tmumnufjn idh Itith siarekoiJtrgf trhd IM#
 •"fy /Ac iff A/ to tsh*p their tfarrt, Imt tm
 W them." This ckhreh has recently pro
 mised to aatr nothing to their American
 brethren on the subject of slavery. They
 remain in full fellowship with slaveholders,
 aiui promise to he silent respecting their alave
 holdmg wickedness. It is with such a church
 that that Stephen Gloucester,with a full knowl
 edge of its character, united, on landing
 in Scotland. And, as if te make the bond of
 union perfect, be availed himself of the ad
 vantage nf his color, and the position it gave
 him, to denounce, publidy, the Anti-Slavery
 movement is this country, ss well as to con
 demn the exposures, then being made, of the
 guilty position of the Free Church. Such a
 man might well be expected to close his
 doors against freedom's advocates. He is
 still in Christian union with slaveholders, sod
 welcomes to his pulpit Ret. J. Parker D. D. f
 a wretch that has recently signalized himself
 by wilting and speaking to prove slavery a
 divine, aod not an infernal institution. One
 almost feels a wish, in view of the baseness
 and treachery of this same Gloucester, lhat
 he-might be subject to slavery and the lash,
 at least long enough to have his eyes opened
 on the subject. This evangelical defender of
 slaveholding was invited to preach in Glou
 center's pulpit, while we were there, and if
 he had chosen he might have vindicated sla
 i very from the Bible, in that pulpU, and iu the
 i presence of a number of fugitive slaves. The
 course of this recreant black man would make
 us ashamed of our race, if we did not know
 him to be an exception to it. We turn from
 him as from a viper, for, morally speaking, he
 is such.
 In point of hostility to the Anti-Slavery
 movement, St. Thomas’s Church stands next.
 Its doors are barred against the cause of the
 slave; and to its pulpit are welcomed Kpiaco
 -1 palian slaveholders and slavery defenders. It
 is truly astonishing that colored men, those
 who have endured many of the horrors of
 slavery, can stand in religious fellowship with
 men who are the every day robbers of their
 i fellow-men of all their rights. These men
 witness the sorrows of the bondman, see his
 back scarred with the tyrant’s lash, and then
 hug to their communion aud fellowship the
 guilty wretch who perpetrates the fiendish
 outrage! We know that colored Episco
 palians, as well as white ones, excuse them
 selves for not opening their churches to Anti
 slavery meetings, on the grouud that those
 churches are dedicated to the worship of God,
 and that it would there r ore be using the
 house of God impropeily, misappropriating it,
 to throw it open for such purposes. We are
 willing to give this doctrine all the weight it
 deserves. It may be conscientiously believed.
 and so far deserves some respect. But the
 fact that such a superstitious doctrine is held
 by any colored man in this country, shows the
 necessity for a more radical reform than we
 have hitherto attempted. The Jewish reli
 gion sanctified times and places, and set them
 apart for certain forms and ceremonies. Christ
 found them all in existence, and left them de
 stroyed after him. lie placed me.rcy above
 sacrifice, man above thedf&gt;abbath,and worship
 above lime or place. We claim to be com
 plete in him. Regarding the old law as a
 school-master, we approach the ffue Prophet,
 whom we are to hear in all things. Now,
 i what does Christ say on the subject of wor
 j ship, and places of worship? But the hour
 1 comclh,and now is when the true worshippers
 1 shall worship the Father in spirit and in
 truth for the Father scckelh such to worship
 him. God is a spirit, and they that worship
 j him, must worship him in spirit and in truth.”
 The idea of temple worship here is clearly
 disclaimed. To build a house to God, and
 i regard it as being too holy in which to plead
 the cause f injured man, is like tithing
 mint, amiise and cummin, and omitting the
 weightier matters of the law.” It is to make
 clean the outside of the cups and the platter,
 whilst disregarding the uncleanness within.—
 It is not holiness of limber, but holiness of
 heart, that God enjoins. It is not churches of
 bricks and mortar, of wood and paint, of
 brass and iron. The house which God re
 quires is a spiritual one. Ye also, as lively
 stones, are built up a spiritual house a holy
 priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices unto
 God, by Jesus Christ.” Now, the notion—
 for such wc must call it—of regarding houses
 w ith peculiar reverence, aud thinking that the
 Almighty regards them with any sj*ecial fa
 vor, is diametrically opposed to the very gen
 ius of C hristianity, and has no sanction in
 the New Testament Scriptures. Houses are
 for men they need them—God does not.
 He fills immensity of space with his presence,
 and may well ask, Where is the bouse ye
 build unto me Wc need houses—meeting
 houses, if you please but we need tliera for
 man—for his improvement, elevation, and
 freedom; and any worship which does not
 contemplate this, in the most enlarged and
 comprehensive sense, is blind, superstitious,
 and Anti-Christian. Yet we are bound to
 say that this worship is almost the only visible
 worship that the world presents. Our wor
 ship abounds w ith honor for God, and con
 tempt for man. Away with all such worship;
 the s&lt;Kiiier the world is rid of it, the belter.—
 It is unmeaning, and may he per
 formed by the bad as well as the g&lt;M*l—slave
 holders, sla\etraders, thieves and bars, may
 engage in it with all the outward solemnity of
 saints, and it leaves them as wicked as ever,
 as much devoted to (hair sms as ever. To
 worship God, is to worship goodness, to be
 wholly devoted to good, m imitate Christ,
 who went about doing good, to love and
 adore God for his goodness, and to strive to
 be like God in doing good, is the true wor
 ship. Let us ask our friends of St. Thomas's
 Church, Philadelphia, if they think slav
 very contrary to goodness? aud if so, bow
 they ran close their doors agamst those who
 are Limiting to mourn it. They will answer
 us, that they have s rmion against allowing
 any person who has not Urn ordained oreo
 pying their church. Here again they exah
 the form, n-gardless of the power of godli
 ness. The devil, in holy orders, would be
 received, while Christ, utmrdained, would be
 rejected. Such a religion will do very well
 foi ihe oppressors, but aby intuits mi Hod
 to the oppressed. We call upon William
 Douglass, the minister of that church, to
 break his chains and those of his church,
 and he no longer hampered sod coslaved by
 ih&lt;M« powers «f darkness. H e has the head,
 and w believe the heart, (had he but the
 n«k pendcncc to break b»» fetters,) to nuke
Wlf very to his mat it thfti ihei
 tin* of need.
 The next chttel whirb rn*he«l dtmd u
 the boor of our Ittiilf, wah tap B*h*l.—
 We hero Kfmt items pleaded the cause o
 the slave within her walla, and why aha u
 dosed at this time is a mystery. We wen
 informed that the minister and people wen
 wilting to base the boose opened, bat that th&lt;
 trustees were divided, and that the chord
 was in great difienby about matters of ibei
 own onneeru. This, however, is noexetai
 for them. At the very mention of the bond
 man’s name, and the slightest chance o
 striking a blow for the overthrow of opprea
 fuon, they ought to have forgotten minor dif
 Terences and rallied as ooe man to the rescue
 But such vras far from being the case. The 3
 saw the people, eager to hear the truth, block
 ing up the street in front of Little Wesley
 unable to gain admission within its narrow
 walls, and ourselves begging the use of thcii
 bouse, and they closed it against us. Wi
 say to these churches, one and all, You art
 standmg in yottr own light—you are playtnj
 into the bands of your enemies, and sealing
 your own degradation.
 We have given the foregoing notice of th&lt;
 churches named, with no desire to reflect un
 justly upon the Anti-Slavery members o
 them, of whom, we are glad to say, there art
 many; but to record instructive facts, U
 which Qur children and coming generation!
 may turn and ascertain some of the difficul
 ties with which those who labored for theii
 righto and liberties had to grapple, ever
 among our own brethren. It will be a pain
 ful and deeply mortifying fact for those wht
 come after us, to look back upon that, in tb&lt;
 year one thousand eight hundred and forty
 eight, when the whole world seemed movet
 on the question of human rights, and our owt
 land was agitated by movements designed U
 promote our happiness as a people, the veri
 churches and ministers of our owm complex
 ion, and suffering many of the hardships and
 grievances sought to be removed, stood side
 by side with the oppressors, and instead ol
 aiding the cause of their own redemption
 opposed the elforts to gain it with all the
 means in their power. We call upon those
 churches to throw open their doors to the dis
 cussion of slavery and the means necessary
 to our improvement and elevation. This they
 must do, or be execrated by coming genera
 tions, as the worst enemies of their own va
 riety of the human family. It is plain that
 whatever improvement has taken place in
 our condition during the last fifteen years, has
 been chiefly the result of the Anti-Slavery
 sentiments, given to the public by abolition
 ists. Now, to shut the doors of the churches
 against those emancipating truths and senti
 ments, is thus far to shut the public ear and
 darken the public heart on the subject. It is
 to do our best to silence free discussion, to
 smoother freedom of speech, and to allow all
 things to remain as they We have ne
 hesitancy in saying that if those colored church
 es which shut their doors against the cause oi
 the slave had the power, they would shut ev
 ery chuich in the land against the discussion
 of slavery they would silence every lecturer
 and banish every press favorable to the dis
 cussion of human rights. They would play
 the tyrant as readily and as bitterly as do our
 white oppressors. We leave these churches
 to their intelligent members, whom we are
 sure will give them no peace while they re
 main iu tbcii present slaveholding position.
 We now turn to the signs of encourage
 ment and cheer which greeted us among the
 colored people of Philadelphia; ami not the
 least among these was the interest taken in
 the cause by some of the most influential la
 dies in that city. At the first meeting which
 we attended, a desire was expressed that some
 ladies volunteer to obtain subscribers to the
 North Star, and in a very few moments wc
 had nearly a dozen ladies volunteering to do
 their best in this department. Among these,
 we may mention the name af Mrs. James
 Foster, Mrs. Bias, Mrs. Joseph Cassey, Mrs.
 Stephen Smith, Miss Bustel), and some young
 ladies who might shrink from having their
 names made thus public. To these ladies we
 arc indebted for a considerable accession to our
 subscription list, for which they have our sin
 cere thanks. If these lend their aid, we defy
 opposition. Mainly through the help of these
 ladies, a society, called the Philadelphia North
 Star Association, intended especially to akl
 the North Star, and to promote the circulation
 of truth by assisting Ant»*Slavery agents, was
 formed and put in operation. From (he forma
 tion of this society, we anticipate much good
 to our cause, through the country at large.—
 Another encouraging fact is, that a Conven
 tion was held during three days in Brick
 Wesley, crowded to overflowing with a deep-;
 Iv interested audience, before whom the sub
 ject of our duties to the slave and ourselves
 was thoroughly canvassed. The Convention
 was mainly addressed by Dr. Bias, Mivlin
 Gibbs. Robert Purvis, of Byberry, Charles
 lienox Remond, Henry Highland Garnet,
 Stephen Smith, George Goines, William
 Whipper, Rev. Mr. Galbrath, Rev. Mr.
 C'atto, and many others, who displayed a zeal
 and devotion to the cause not less worthy than
 those whose names we have just mentioned.
 The Convention was such as was never held
 hi that city before, and long «rili it be remem
 bered as the commencement of letter days in
 that place. It was a free Convention—as free
 to our foes as to om friends, and there were
 not wanting men to oppose us. Some of them
 had evidently learned their lesson well. It
 sounded rather strange, however, to have col
 ored men preferring the old mad-dog charge
 of Infidthy, Anti-Sabbath, Anti-Ckurch Anti.
 Ministry, Ac., against the abolitionists.
 These stale charges, caught from the lips of
 their evangelical oppressors, were blown into
 our cars by a Mr. Wean and Bowers, with
 all the enthusiasm of newly discovered truth.
 Poor fellows, they were wordy echoing the
 stale slang of slaveholder*, put K»rth tn pro
 long their infernal reign over their heart-bro
 ken bondmen. They Dule know that it is the
 religion of our enslavers which must be repu
 diated before the colored mao can be five. In
 accepting the white- man’s Christianity for our
 souls, we accept hts chains for out limbo.—
 u spurn both. Oqr God is opposed t« sla
 very the slaveholder's God samiio*u sla
 very. Our rbureh isuppueed to davery the
 white man's church is in favor of slavery.—
 Our Christ loves the slave the while man’s
 Christ has no sympathy with the slave, but as
 on the side of the oppressor. We am* repu
 diate the one, and ding to the other.
 Among the number of our white friends
r, wlc aided as in the objects #f the Conventios
 -fete» gratefully MM Loereti* Mott, mod
 i Httoah Moore, top of the purest aad beat
 bensfactats of our people in that dtp* It waa
 r gratifying to ace the respect and deference
 i paid to the words of truth and wisdom which
 f fell from the lips of those noble women.—
 Long may they tree to soothe the sorrows o&lt;
 i the pour—enlighten the woods of the unin
 i formed—and to Mesa the plaadered slave.
 r With dm hundred such additionists as these,
 r Phibdelphia would soon be redeemed, preju
 dice against eelat would asuo ha oahoowo,
 F and the roloted man's rights would be fully
 respected in that ehy. We hare gi»en this
 somewhat lengthy, though eery imperfect let
 ter respecting our visit to Philadelphia—be
 cause we attach great importance to that point
 as a place, which more than almost any other
 in our land, holds the destiny of our people.—
 The colored population there is large—cum
 bering from twenty-fire to thirty thousand
 1 souls—and these are ranously conditioned.—
 Among them we are proud to say, there are
 many who are well informed—many who take
 a warm and intelligent interest in the subject
 of our eferation from degradation to respecta
 bility. Some of these are not only educated,
 but persons of wealth and standing in commu
 nity, commanding the respect of all who know
 them. Candor, however, compels us to cou
 fess, that this description of persons form a
 minority of the people of that citv. Uufortu
 nately for us, as with allr oppressed people—
 oppression not only begets a character ia the
 oppressor favorable to the continuance of his
 oppression, but also begets a corresponding
 character in his victim. There are a large
 portion of our people in that city, whose con
 duct is greatly to the prejudice of our cause,
 as it puts arguments into the mouths of our
 oppressors, sod gives to them at least the
 shadow of a reason for keeping us just where
 we are. To arouse this class of persons to a
 1 sense of their manhood, to instil into their
 minds higher ideas of truth and duty to
 awaken them to their social degradation, and
 to inspire them with higher aims than those
 which have hitherto distinguished them is a
 work of great practical importance. Their
 numerical greatness, and geographical proxim
 ity to slavery, gives them a mighty lever ol
 influence on this question. Make the colored
 people in Philadelphia what they ought to be,
 and there is no power in the land which C3n
 long oppress and degrade us.—r. o.
 The Daily Republic.
 This is the name of a new Free Soil paper
 just commenced in the city of Philadelphia.
 It is under the editorial charge of Dr. Wil
 liam Elder, who will be assisted for a time
 by Oliver Johnson, Esq., formerly of the
 Blackstone Chronicle. Under the manage
 ment of these gentlemen, it is needles# to
 say that the paper will be ably conducted, oi
 that the cause of human freedom will be pro
 moted by its existence. Such a paper as tht
 Republic promises to be, is greatly needed in
 Philadelphia, and we doubt not it will meel
 with a liberal support. We learned, while
 in Philadelphia, that not fewer than five
 thousand copies of the Daily Ledger were
 taken by the colored people alone. We trust
 they will see lhat the Daily Republic will
 answer their business purposes as well as the
 Ledger, and we are sure that they will find in
 ils columns much more that is elevating to
 them as a class, than they now do in that
 paper. We should support those papers,
 and thoso alone, that cherish some respect for
 our rights.— r. d.
 ID* The Ram’s Horn will receive the North
 Star regularly hereafter. Its strictures on the
 National Convention held in Cleveland last
 month, lack one important quality, and that is
 candor. Dut blow away, brother, you will
 do some good—though not so much as you
 might with a little regard for truth.
 ID* The proceedings of the Convention held
 in Brick Wesley, Philadelphia, will be given
 to our readers in our next week's number.
 ID 3 The Hutchinson Family, our read
 ers will be gratified to learn, will sing in the
 Minerva Hall on the evening of Thursday,
 the 10th inst. It is scarcely necessary to be
 speak for them a full house.” See adver
 tisement.
 Important Fact.—A correspondent of
 the Louisville Examiner has prepared a full
 and elaborate statement, showing, upon the
 authority of the Patent Office, the effect of
 slavery upon the inventive and productive
 genius. In this table there ate twenty-two
 classes of inventions enumerated, embracing
 all kinds of scientific, mechanical and agricul
 tural instruments. In each case of compari
 son, the result is largely in favor of the Free
 States. The w hole is summed up as fol
 lows
 Total number of Patents for Inven
 tions and Discoveries, issued to
 the seven Free States from 1790
 lo iai7, 10,773
 Toial number of Patents for Inven
 tions and Discoveries, issued to
 the six Slave State* from 1890 to
 1847 1,744
 Total excess in favor of Free States, 8,lh)0
 it thus apj ears, adds the writer, u that the
 aggregate number of patents issued in the rex
 slave States, is nt&gt;t quite one-seventh of the
 entire number taken out by the whole thirteen
 States.” There is reason also for the belief
 lhat Southern inventions are as much inferior
 lo th&lt;«e of the North ia value aa they are ia
 number.
 This table furnishes additional evidence of
 the feet, that slavery, besides working the
 drmnnlmiiaa and debasement of slavehold
 ers, will also, unless prevented by a speedy
 and effectual repentance, be the cause of their
 rum. Hie Old Dommioa is already hcoomtny
 a wilderness. Wink) the young Westers
 States are advancing vigorously in population
 and importance, the old alavt-holding States
 barely maintain iheir ground. Slavery is not
 less impolitic and injurious to the slaveholder,
 than a is unjust, imquitmu and debuting to
 the slate.—j. r&gt;.
 Hse. J. G. Paltsev of Mass., has taken
 the stump for Van llureu and Free Soil,
 Adams and Liberty.” He addressed a Fret*
 Sod meeting at Cambridge, Maas., tf*h Sep.
 Hon. Ho* art Mann dins accepted the nom
 nntkm for re-election to Congress, sf bath the
 Whigs and Free Seders. Beth parties lay
 elaim to him as their candidate, and both
 parties, though opposed to each other, will
 vote for him. Strange, very.
k Aataul
 I pray you reader whoever you nay bn,d&lt;
 loi neglect to 'aptM a fef minutes, if it b
 Ist a vary few, every one of these bngti
 evenings, from the harry, and bostie, am
 whirling forgetfulness of your daily avoc*
 lions, for eooteniplation and reflection. G&lt;
 forth into the fields, and amongst the trees
 and the dry rustle of foiling leaves, and th&lt;
 fragrance of ripe corn and mellow fruit
 Shake off the dust and vapors of city life, and
 breatlMtSWhile the air as God made it. Look
 abroad apon Iks bright guides sunset, lighuag
 up the western horizon with a gleam of glor
 ious brightness, by the side of which all your
 dreams of palaces and kingly grandeur sink
 into tinsel and insignificance. Allow your
 mind to ramble freely, if only for a little
 while, in the wide calm world of reflection.
 Du forget, if only for short season, your
 schemes of trade, and profit, and speculation.
 Shut out from your mind (or a few moments,
 your earth bom cares; and dream, if you
 will, of all things bright and glorious; think,
 if you can, of all things great and good; re
 flect, if you dare, upon the past; let youi
 heart melt in the contemplation of the pre
 sent and resolve, in the fulness of a fixed
 and unalterable determination, upon the fu
 ture. Nay, do not say, you have no time tt
 waste. If you have not time for this, yoi;
 have tine for nothing else. Time to waste!’
 How are you occupied? If your time it
 at your own disposal, you cosld not spend ii
 to bettor advantage and if it is not your owr
 and you cannot snatch even a few minute*
 from the constant grinding toil which is de
 grading you into a mere living and thinking
 machine, we can but lament over the impolicy
 and wickedness of that system of society
 which thus curses itself in its injustice to
 wards you.
 Autumn! The season seems suited to re
 flection. The calm stillness which prevails,
 interrupted at intervals as the fitful blast
 sweeps by, is suggestive of thought-thought,
 it may be to some, tinged with sadness. The
 brown, and green, and purple, and variegated
 hues of the forest, brightened and deepened
 by the sun’s setting rays, beautiful though
 they may be, are symptoms of decay— tht
 forewarning of death. The tongues in the
 trees speak to us, in Spring, of youth and
 infant gladness and innocence; in Summer,
 of maturity, and the schemes, and hopes, and
 labors of manhood; in Autumn, of the ripe
 ness, and decay, and gathering infirmities o
 old age. To change, to decay, to die, is th»
 law of this world’s being. The falling leavci
 of Autumn, not long since so bright, ant
 sparkling fresh and life-like, in the sun’s rays
 but now sere and dead, and shortly to dis
 solve into ther kindred earth, warn the ga&lt;
 and the thoughtless that they too may sooi
 lie even as low. The man of business, whi
 is planning schemes of gain and accumula
 tion, even before his plans are completed
 may be laid even as low and the man o
 heavcn-bom soul, who lives and labors forth
 well-being of his race, in the midst of hi;
 efforts, and the distant gleams of the realiza
 tion of bis hopes, may be requited to yieh
 himself up to the all-conquenug power of tin
 last enemy. To some this is a dismal proa
 pect. How sadly poor lonely solitary Kirki
 White must have thought of it! In om
 of the mournful dreams of his world-wean
 solitude, how simply melancholy is his refer
 ence to the falling leaves of Autumn
 I would not be a loaf, to die
 Without recording sorrow’s sigh:’*
 As if he thought and almost felt that like a
 leaf he would fall and bo forever forgotten.
 But he did not die without the recording sigli
 of sorrow—sorrow for his premature loss
 sorrow that he subjected himself to the guid
 ance of an overtasking ambition. \Ve have
 fallen too much into the habit of surrounding
 the idea of death with images of gloom and
 sadness. To most minds, it is already of it
 self sufficiently repulsive. Our aim should
 rather lie as much as possible to enliven and
 take from it its terrors. Eastern nations
 plant the graves of their departed friends thick
 with flowers, and tend them carefully, so that
 they are ever fresh and blooming; and the
 Chinese has his grave on the summit of a
 neighboring hill, where it may catch the first
 glimpse of the morning sun, and w here his
 last rays may rest uj&gt;on it. And is not this
 ten thousand times more rational than the
 unseemly mode adopted more especially in
 European cities, of crowding the dead into
 gloomy stone vaults aud horrible mausoleums,
 where the light of day never shines, and
 every breath is a pestilence?
 Autumn The harvest is gathered, amid
 the rejoicings of the husbandman the flow
 ers of summer lie w ithered at our feet; a lew
 more hardy linger with us a little longer, and
 look up boldly and joyfully into the eye of
 the noonday sun, braving the biting blasts of
 the morning, and the keen night air. The
 summer birds are on ibe wing, to enliven
 some other bods with their aweet songs and
 ibeir gay plumage, warning os to prepare for
 winter, let us greet old Autumn kindly
 sod treat him well; walk with him into the
 country; breathe with him the pure and in
 vigorating breezes of the morning go with
 him into the bright sunshine at noonday;
 listen as he sings his sad songs among the
 Jry withered leaves, in the evening laugh
 with him at night when the moou shines and
 ibe stars glisten and as we bid hun a friendly
 good-bye, hoping to meet hun again, we shall
 he ready to receive with a gnp of welcome
 his gruff and homely, though warm-hearted

 Cholic a a is Lftaoow,— The steamer Wash
 ngton, which arrived at New York last week,
 wings intelligence that Asiatic Cholera had
 uade its appearance in London. It* presence
 here had been officially announced by the
 ameer of that city.
 The unfortunate nun who was recently car
 ried over the fella of N ugara, was Richard
 a shoemaker of Buffalo, 110 left the
 illy on Saturday, in h» own sad boat, with n
 rifle, for the purpose of bunting. He was
 ihoot thirty-five years of age, sod had no
 [aanJy.
 Snouts blown rr on t« I«aes—For
 i*iu» of a large steamer, and various kinds &lt;d
 raerebandlfls, were floating about at (Goodrich
 in Canada, on the 91st ult. The vessel ia
 Hippnsed to have caught (Ire, an'l been blown tc
 pieces by the powder which formed part d
 her cargo. Than wore about twenty safoa
 taut!, sH of whom meet have perished
 Their bodies have not been found.
Colorpkobia la Pbilalclpbia,
 The CommiMtoncrK of the pious and or
 deily District of Moyaiwnsing, the hotbed of
 Sunday riota, the place where no decent per
 son can walk after nightfall, without being
 robbed or insulted, hare recently had their
 aense of propriety outraged, and their leader
 hearts lacerated by a most iniquitous proposal
 to erect a House of Industry frr colored per
 sons in that District. In consideration of this
 fearful atrocity, these Commissioners mot on
 the evening of* Monday, Oct. ad, (a day Arr
 ow hereafter to ho hold sowed to the see ah
 of Hunkcnstn,) and passed the following
 preamble and resolutions:
 Whereas, a petition has been presented to
 this Hoard, which seta forth that a building io
 about to be erected on Catharine, near Seventh
 street, within this Distrirt, which is to be oc
 cupied as a House of Industry for poor and
 degraded negroes; t
 And whereas, it is represented hy the pe
 titioners that the erection of a boilding to ho
 occupied for such a purpose, in a thrifty and
 improving neighborhood, w hich ts densely set
 tled by white people, will create a disturb
 ance, or will drive away the white populalisn,
 and thereby depreciate the value of property
 therefore,
 Resolved, That io the opiuien of this Board
 the black population of our city and county
 ia already sufficiently cared for, and the
 chanties that now exist are ample to supply
 the w ants wf ail of them that are worthy aad
 deserving.
 Resolved, Hist the erection of a building;
 for such a purpose, in such a neighborhood
 as that within which it is intended that thin
 shall be erected, manifests a wanton and reck
 less disregard of public sentiment, and a con
 tempt for the feelings of the neighboring in
 habitants.
 Resolved, That if those who have contri
 buted to the fund for the erection of this
 building, are determined to waste their
 means in visionary schemes of philanthropy,
 justice dictates that they should concentrate
 the objects of their charily m their ow n neigh
 borhood near their ow n doors, where, if
 they create a nuisance, they may suffer the
 consequences of it, or if it is a public benefit,
 they may be eye-witnesses of its great ad
 vantages.
 Resolved, That all buildings to be used for
 purposes to which public sentiment isopposed,
 and which are thereby likely to create a dis
 turbance or commotion, should be erected,
 within the limits of the City of Philadelphia,,
 whose great resources enable it to keep a
 powerful police, and thereby extend at all
 times ample protection to both persona and
 property.
 Oh, the hardness of heart that can be
 guilty of the wickedness of driving away tho
 respectable and liberal-minded w hite popu
 lation” of that District! None but a Nero
 or a Caligula could he guilty of such an atro
 cious wickedness. Besides, the black pop _
 ulalion of oui city and county [and they might
 have added, of our country is already suffi.
 ciently cared for.” The chivalry of the Old
 Dominion, act towards them ihe part of
 fathers—they feed them, lodge them, clothe
 them, and chastise them, amf lest they should
 get intelligent and discontented, keep them in
 ignorance! One of the candidates for the
 Presidency has 280 of the “colored popula
 tion” living on his farm in Louisiana, whom
 he purchased with the express intention of
 “caring for them.” A unther of the candidates
 says he will veto the Wilmot Proviso, or any
 other proposed act of legislation which would
 so grossly violate all the claims of justice as
 to exclude the “colored population,” while
 under the protection of their kind and benev
 olent guardians, from any portion of the terri
 tory of these United Stales. And in Penn
 sylvania, and other Northern Stales, the col
 ored people are prevented, as far as possible,
 no doubt as an act of charity towards them,
 from engaging in any but the most menial
 and dependent employments and in Phila
 delphia, the city of brotherly love and benev
 olence, when it is proposed Io erect a House
 ol Industry for the colored inhabitants, the-
 District Commissioners meet and vote that iti»
 a nuisance, and that such a manifestation of
 partiality is likely to create a disturbance
 among the white people. Verily, the colored
 people are cared for”—as the wolf cares for
 the lamb
 Shade of William Penn Is not Phila
 delphia a glorious city—a Christian city —a
 liberal-minded city—a city of philanthropists T
 Alacknday !—j. o.
 The Board” aad Slavery.
 The lamentably pro-slavery character of
 the Board,” may be gathered from the fol
 lowing exiraets from the report of proceed
 ings at a recent meeting. To what puiposo
 is it for men to preach piety, and make pre
 tensions of zeal for the cause of God, when
 they are thus dead to every sense of doty to
 wards man Their phylactariea, like those
 of the Pharisees of old, may be brood enough*
 and their prayers long enough; but it may bo
 said of them, as of their Jewish prototypes—
 The publicans and harlots enter the king
 dom of heaven before you
 Mr. Treat repoits on the relation of slavery*
 to the Cherokee and Choctaw Missions:
 Treatment.—As a general thing, slaves
 among the Indians are believed not to be over
 tasked. Often they have too little to do, in
 dolence being a vice of the red man. Still it
 hardly possible that slaves in the hands of
 Indians should fare as well as in the hamls of
 enlightened white own. Many slaves in the
 Slates are better off than any among tho
 Cherokee*.
 Iniuusce or Slav rut. The Mission
 aries experienced serious difficulties from ths
 law* prnhihrtmg slaves to read and write.—
 The legislation of the Choctaws had been
 less enlightened than that of the Cbcrokees.
 Seysre laws were enacted against tbs promul
 gation of aboltuoo sentiments, and persons
 were convicted on very slight evidence. In
 IB4A, a law was passed, forbidding free ne
 groes to enter the nation. Ott. 15U1, 1*46,
 lt was enacted that no negro stave should be
 emancipated hy the owner without permission
 of the Coeanl and provided he had no debts,
 aod was Ah bidden to return io tho nation
 Slavery was without doubt prejudicial to the
 success of the Mireroo. Its moral c&amp;cta were
 J Pl** her. it
 existed. *f there was any thronrenc**, it arose
 ,rC of society
 i MUTMCIT or Buvoioimu. There
 was nothing is the eondrUun of those person*
 to subject them to chutch neosurv. At 000
 time it was, is the opinion of many, not only
 oecun-d expedient, but inevitable, u» employ
 the setvre of the missionaries- It
 was ttitaHy agreed to pnretiase them, with the
 free consent of tbs slaves, and with the uwier
 •t**disf that they aught work out tbetr own
 freeikmi »f they chose. No thus* however,
 have been purchased by the Hoard mucc I eh*
 ruary, IK* The whole number of church
 in the Cherokee r»au*»o was 237 of
 those 94 wars slaveholders, *3 tdavc*. Is the
 Cheetaw nation MTV members slavehold-
 ||npo|
 Two letteta were then read—one fruin the
 Missionaries of the Cherokee nation, and the
 other from those ot t hs C iociaw hiishoo, de»
"
