"fWidrn" their po-dtion of wwtrality, and the
 cchw they had taken with regatd to sfave
 holdtnV church members, and explaining the
 diffirolue? under which they labored upon tftt»
 question, and also maintaining their right of
 independent action.
 Her i. Hlanchard, of Illinois, rose ami its
 marked that he had hoped to agree with the
 report. Though it was only the second owe*
 in? of the Board he had ever attended, and
 was probably the bet he should attend fur
 many years, if not forever, he felt it bis duty
 very briefly to state the reasons why he could
 not eoneur in the report. He would frankly
 say he was opposed to potting off the discus*
 won of this subject, and he would beg the
 indulgence of the Hoard for a short time to a
 statement of his reasons.
 The report says not a word about the very
 significant,letters from the (Choctaw Mission
 to the Hoard, and advises the postponement of
 the discussion till the correspondence is fin
 ished. Hare we not all the material facu,
 and does the discussion require anything more
 than the material fact* it i* not pretended
 that we have not all the facts on which a de
 cision is to rest. When, then, if not now,
 Will the discussion be proper
 He would call the attention of the B&lt;«rd to
 some of these facts. In the correspondent*
 with the Cherokee Mission, he would ac
 knowledge that though there was no strong
 sentiment of hostility to slavery expressed by
 the ifesKioniric*, there was a faint anticipation
 that slavery would be finally overcome by
 Christianity. But the Choctaw Mission was,
 hy its own showing, incorrigibly pro-slavery.
 It receives slaveholders into the communion
 of the Mission Church, and makes then slave
 holding no more an objection than it makes
 the* slavery of the slave in receiving them.
 And it not only does this, but in the pulpil
 %&lt;»d m the private conversation of liie mission
 aries, all reference to slavery as an evil or a
 ain is avoided. More than that, in spite of
 the remonstrances of the Secretaries of-the
 Hoard for 12 vears, the Choctaw Mission
 School is served hy slaves. T AII the work of
 the institution was done hy slaves.
 Ho would propose two resolutions as an
 amendtnsnt to the report.
 First, that this Board distinctly admits
 ■and affirms the principle that shveholding
 is a practice not to he allowed in the Christian
 Church.
 S -cond, that it is in the judgment of this
 B md, the duty of the Missions 111 the Chero
 kee and Choctaw nations to abolish the prac
 tice of hiring slaves to do the work ol th *ir
 schools, and to conform to the recommenda
 tion of the Secretary, (Mr. treat.) that slavo
 holding should lie pritna facie evidence against
 an applicant for admission to the church.”
 For 12 years the Choctaws had been vio
 lating the reeomin Midationsof the S.icretaries,
 and in the meantime the world had not been
 asleep on this snliject. Gentlemen, who only
 claimed to be governed hy expediency, were
 arising and taking strong ground on this sub
 ject. Should we allow the politicians to be
 eomc better saints than we on this question 1 I
 The resolutions offered by Mr. Blanchard,
 amending the report, were rejected. After a
 motion to reconsider had prevailed, Mr.
 Blanchard stated his willingness to withdraw
 his resolutions, if they, with a minute of Ins
 course, could he entered upon the records of
 the Board. He ashed this in behalf id'
 those whom he represented bcfoie the Board.
 Mr. Blanchard's request was then complied
 with, and his resolutions are to he recorded
 with the other proceedings.
 These proceedings need no comment.—
 They tell of ihenriselves with sufficient clear- I
 ness the disgraceful fact, that the Jloard of
 Commissioners of Foreign Missions” sanction
 and encourage the sum of all villanies.”—
 J. D.
 CuritcH action on Voting.—The N. Y.
 I-’.vangolist gives the following as the vote of
 a majority of the members of a Congrega
 tional Church in North Marshfield, Ma^s.
 When will all the churches throughout the
 country prove their right to the title Chris
 tian,” by acting out the spirit of this resolu
 tion? The Ktangelist says
 It is rather a novel sphere foT church ac
 tion but as it respects one of the gravest
 duties which belong to a man, and one which
 lias an intimate connection with morality and
 religion, perhaps it is not to he considered as
 an improper sphere. W ithout reference to
 tins particular case, it seems to us that a
 little more of the conscientiousness which
 Christians are wont to observe in their purely
 ecclesiastical transactions, might lie profitably
 carrie 1 into their political doings and decisions.
 The action of the Marshfield Church is this
 Resolved, That confiding in the help of
 Almighty God, we will not knowingly employ
 our right of suffrage, or our influence, at the
 approaching election, to elevate to any civil
 office a slaveholder, or any abettor of slave-
 holding, for any consideration, or in any cir
 cumstances whatever.
 And, though few an I humble, hut con
 scious that every man has influence, and is
 accountable fer its right use, we publish this
 resolve, wishing to contribute our mite
 toward the salvation of our beloved country.’
 Fighting in Mexico.—The treaty has not
 put au end to the butchery of the Mexicans,
 as will be seen from the following paragraph
 from the New Orleans Picayune
 We hear very unpleasant accounts of out
 rages perpetrated on the Mexicans, hy armed
 parties of Americans. The latter as said
 to be commanded by Texans of character,
 from whom such proceedings were not to
 have been expected. Several towns are said
 to have been made to pay arbitrary and wholly
 unjustifiah e contributions, and lives have
 keen mercilessly taken in enforcing such contri
 butions."
 And wlnt wrong is there in this if it be
 right to fight, and kill, and plunder the Mex
 icans at the commatid of General Taylor or
 General Scott, it is also right to fight, and
 plunder them under the direction of Sain.
 Houston or Dick Crowuiugshield, or any oth
 &lt;er desperado or pirate, let him be know n bv
 what name he may. The moral or immoral
 character of the act of killing must be judged
 of on its own merits. It receives no justifi
 cation from the character of tin-man who com
 mits it. A crime committed hy a saint is not
 less criminal than the same crime
 by a sinner. That it is ordered by President!
 Polk, or the entire nation whom hircpte
 sents, no tnor.r palliates the deed than it it
 weie done at the command of the veriest
 loafer who vagalmndixes on the streets of
 New \ork or W oshington. The unjusti
 fiable contribution exacted hy a gang of pi
 rates, is neither mor nor less than the minia
 ture counterpart oi th&lt;* unjustifiable contri
 bution" exacted by a nation.—j. D
 Free Soil Convene,* kt Milford N. H.
 Arrangements .re makino r real Free
 Soil dcDunstratio,, at M.lfcrf, about the
 middle of this iiionih.—Hon. J„hi, p Hale
 and other popular speakers wdl be present
 and address the masse.-, there assembled.
 Frf.e Soil at Dover N, 11.—'[q 1Q
 Free Soil Advocate contains a notice of :i
 Mass Rally of the Free Sutler* at the Town
 Hall lu Dover about the middle of tin: present
 month. Judge Allen of Worcester, ILm. S.
 C. Phillips of Salcti}, and lion. John P.
 Hale are expected to address the meeting.
 ID* The Germans of Cincinnati have
 started a daily Free Soil paper, and gone
 almost unanimously for Van Burcn and
 Adams. The paper is called the Trie
 Democrat.
ArtHee 4ffeate4.-Jt«Uce triuiplMit
 The Chnwoty pe gift* the following report of
 a recent law «n in Bontaa, ta which Robert
 Morris, a color'd lawyer, nweeecded id recot
 j enng fur a•• ehaiwT owl «rfy the jnimriiin
 of himself, but some portion of his wages
 while held as a slare. Well done, brave CHd
 Bay Stale, and city of Notions! The stern
 tincoirapuble blood of the puritans must and
 vi ill shake itself free from the contamination
 of slavery and slaveholders.
 Leave* You wo vs. Carr. Wwuam
 J ackson Steward. —This was a case which
 would have come before the Common Pleas
 court but for a previous settlement by the par
 ties. Nevertheless a brief report of it may be
 of some interest.
 I,eaven Young, a youth of 18 years, last
 December shipped on hoard the schooner Col.
 Davis, of Baltimore. Cspt. Wm. J. Steward,
 j the captain, agreeing to give him-$7 a month.
 1 J’xcept 25 cents in advance, on signing his
 (papers, he had not received a cent of his vra
 ges, and having lost by the same captain
 many months wages before, he bought an
 action to recover the sum of 70. due him by
 the last contract.
 For want of bail, the captain placed in the
 bauds of the officer who served the wnt.sloo,
 and took legal advice, according to which he
 preferred off-nog to Young's lawyer $5O, to
 settle. The money was accepted, and there
 was an end of the matter. Thus far one sees
 nothing to wonder at, except that young Mr,
 Young should have been so very lenient as to
 take $5O for a good claim to STO for servi
 ces performed, or that he could have found a
 lawyer so modest in l&gt;ehalf of his client as to
 allow him to accept of it.
 But circumstances alter cases and in this
 case some of the most superficial sort of circum
 stances may serve to explain uur mystery.,
 Leaven Young was black, and was claimed
 as his slave by ('apt. Steward. The captain
 had executed the shipping papers merely to
 save trouble at the Custom House and perhaps
 'in a free state. Arriving here last week with
 j a cargo of sweet potato?*, Young left the
 schooner and taking refuge among the colored
 people was directed to Robert Morris, Ksq.,
 la lal.mtel young colored lawyer in State st.,
 j who advised him of his rights under the ship
 ping papers, which led to the writ served upon
 the captain and settled as aforesaid.
 Captain Steward, though he acknowledged
 that Young had sailed with hiui for two
 years without wages, and that he had always
 been his slave, was very angry at being oblig
 ed to pay the wages due according to his writ
 ten contiaet for the last ten months, and not
 at all thankful for the generous deduction of
 $2O. And he was most especially indig
 nant —bordering on the outrageous —that he
 was compelled to some little approach towards
 justice by a colored lawyer!
 O pity the sorrows of a poor slaveholder—
 who coining to free soil Boston with sweet
 potatoes, not only lost his slave but had to
 pay fifty dollars to boot!
 Fatheu and Son. —Moses Corwin is the
 Whig candidate for Congress in the Cham
 paign district in Ohio, liis son Johu A.
 j Corw in opposes him.
 John C. Calhoun has written an important
 1 letter to a citizen of South Carolina, on the
 Presidential question, which is expected to be
 shortly made public. So says the New York
 Tribune.
 Lawrence Bkmnkrd, the Liberty candi
 date for Governor of Vermont, has declined in
 favor of the Buffalo party.
 Contradictory.— There is no Whig at
 the South more favorable to the principles of
 Free Soil, than Gen. Taylor.” —Rochester
 Doily American.
 There is no man in the South more
 bitterly opposed to the Wilmot Proviso, and
 the principles involved in it, than Gen. Tay
 lor.”—JV. O. Pic.
 Fillmore’s Southern Face. —Millard Fil
 lmore has written a letter to Gov. Gayle, of
 Mobile, hi which he endeavors to' cover up his
 abolitionism by talking aliout the power of
 Congress over slavery in the states, hut utters
 not one word about the territories.
 Proscription.— Benjamin F. Butler has
 been removed by the President from the office
 of District Attorney, because he is in favor of
 Free Soil.
 An Upstart. —A negro boy was driving
 a mule in Jamaica, when ihe animal suddenly
 stopped aad refused to budge. Won’t go,
 hey said the boy. Feel grand, do you,
 I s’pose you forgot your (adder was a
 jackass?”
 Guevt Taylor Movement. —Our colored
 friends have organized a Free Soil Club in
 tlu? western part of the city and hung out a
 Free Soil Banner from their head quarters in
 Cambridge-st. Last week some of the
 friends of General Taylor were smitten with
 the chivalrous idea of climbing up to the
 chimnpy of the opposite building to which
 the cord was fastened and cutting it down,
 i This gallant exploit was actually achieved
 under the full view of Mr. City-Watchman
 Bullard, we understand, and that vigilant
 functionary made no effort to arrest the per
 petrator but seemed rather to rejoice in his
 isuccess.
 I This cutting down flags and not letting
 them be put up, is really the strongest argu
 ment we have yet seen advanced by either of
 the pro-slavery parties. It argues much for
 the sincerity of the Taylor men.-— Boston
 Chromotype.
 The Gold Mania.— Report says, that a
 traveller his arrived from Monterey with a
 sample of the precious metal which has raised
 such a commotion in California. The miner
 al found, proves to be— not gold, but mica,
 which somewhat resembles gold, but is of no
 intii isic value. Says the Courier des Flats
 Unis, W hat lesson more striking could be
 cited of the truth so reluctantly believed, that
 the most brilliant paths, and apparently the
 shortest, are not the most sure; that the pa
 tient labor of the mechanic and the agricultur
 ist alone gives cerlaiu results.”
 The N. Y. Sun, confirms the report, and
 says
 “This individual was on the enchanted
 ground ilsell, heatd llie murmur of Feather
 river rolling its blue waters over the sparkling
 sands, and saw various bipeds with picks and
 shovels belaboring the eaith to extract the de
 ceitful mica, and many did not fur a long
 believe that it was not ral gold, li was how-
 I ever, determined before he left, that the gold
 fever was an unmitgated humbug, m which
 knaves and fools were the partmers.”
 One More. —We learn from the Albany At
 las that the Uuca Gazette, one of the most in
 fluential whig journals in western New York,
 and heretofore an ardeut Taylor and Fillmore
 paper, took down the names of those candi
 dates, when the news rcarhed that city of
 Taylor’s acceptance of the Taylor and Butler
 nomination.
 TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 0T- The rveript of our paper «ill be a «t»flir«r*
 th»* subscript**** sent t»y Pn#i
 luve In* it received,
 M. \V., Augusta, O.—’P* paper wiß be anal.
 J. &lt;liardoa,o.-~Rncrmd.
 K. 8., Hanover Town, O,— lW be happy to
 "•tvl the papers to tbs parsons onnse t, on their cmn
 |»*)in with &lt;&gt;ur terms.
 O. C., Colors ins, O Thanks far your runiom
 «n tuhatf of the B tar.
 E F. 8., ClrveUni, O.—Next wank
 H W. Mass.—Receive I.
Communication.
America Cm MM
 In pafio rDCTI fearfully of
 terrible roorotei—the kindred-headed Hydra,
 which ravaged the land aad dewon red hu—in
 bodies. la the nineteenth rentury.iw a Chria
 ttwa country, among a jmpk whose prood
 boast ia liberty *ho learn Is shout it in their
 school-boy oporto, and sweet to fight fi« it
 hen their beard* begin to grow—aye, even
 ia America, yooag, bragging, go-ahead Ame
 rica, there sulka a barefaced barbarism, such
 as modem babies might be ashamed of—
 stalks, too, in the broad daylight, and ia cried
 up as something gloriouo, sacred, most hu
 mane and charitable! And what ia it Look
 and see A mass of loathsome ugliness, to
 which a mountain of Calibans would be like
 roses a monster of three million bends,
 crawling to and fro, and feeding upon mur
 dered souls, mashed up in Mood a branch ef
 the Stygian river, foul with black lies and
 hideous cruelties, that flows direct into the
 deepest bell. Oh, these are only vain endeav
 ors to render conceivable what is too hornd
 for the mind to image, or any language to
 embody. What a terror it must be to the
 people of that region A terror! Nay, they
 love it—they embrace it they delight in it—
 fools and madmen that they are And more,
 '—can you believe it reader?—they worship
 this outrageous beast, and offer on its savage
 altars the sacrifice of hjtfnan flesh!
 Most notable aod free Americans! is this
 the summit of your shouting and your brag
 ging—to set up an idol at which the wide
 world shrinks, aghast, horrified, disgusted,
 stunned with indignation—to call it a kind
 and merciful creature, and bend the knee, the
 neck, the very soul to its foul bondage!—
 Why, men, what devil has bewitched your
 senses! Are ye slumbering in the porches
 of hell! Are ye made drunk with American
 fugs, that ye have no eyes to behold your de
 gradation Hear it, O marvelling world—
 America, that boasted of her more than
 queenly throne in the Far West, stands out in
 her nakedness, a slave—a coward—a ridicu
 lous fool—the laughing-stock of nations!
 Is she not a slave who is bound, body and
 soul, to the vilest, the filthiest, the most abo
 minable of masters Is i she not a coward, a
 dastardly coward, whose liberty is in her own
 hands, hut lies unworn, because she dare not
 grasp it Is she not a ridiculous fool Shall
 not the nations laugh at her from Ireland to
 Cape Comorin, who is gone raving mad after
 an idol with three million heads
 Laugh, little islands in some farthest corner
 of the world, such lunacy was never heard of
 among your naked savages. Laugh, laugh,
 ye long-faced Bramins; your golden Buddha
 has but a millionth paitasmany! Laugh,
 Turk, laugh, Jew and Gentile, Scythian,
 Greek and Ishinaelite, rise from your tombs,
 ye pyramid-crowned Pharaohs* and make the
 deserts ring with laughter! Behold,a Queen
 is become insane, and licks the dust from the
 feet of the absurJcst image that ever mocked
 the worship of a bloody-hearted people
 America has forsaken the God of her fathers,
 and set up Negro Slavery upon her high
 places, that she may delight herself with its
 hideous form, and play the hypocrite with
 true, religion
 Tell it to her Rocky Mountains, and they
 shall quake with indignation—tell it to her
 broad rivers and her deep pine forests—oh,
 they will send up a voice of winds and of
 waters bellowing to the skies her everlasting
 shame—crying to the stars that her white
 sons arc become animals, and not men, de
 vouring like harpies the carrion flesh of their
 black brothers and the holy stars shall an
 swer, with a wail of grief— Woe unto that
 and where truth is forsaken for a lie —where
 passion and selfishness have taken upon them
 selves the name of charity; the world shall
 laugh at it, despise and scorn it; heaven sha
 mourn over it, and all the devils of the lowest
 pit shall cover it with curses
 Foolish Americans, listen to the holy stars,
 and be warned in time. F. T. MOTT.
 Leicester, England, Aug. 1848.
 Postage.—We understand that a letter
 has been received from Mr. Bancroft, our
 Minister in England, giving strong reasons to
 hope that before long a satisfactory Interna
 tional Law will be established with Great
 Britain.
 Population of Texas.— l tie recent cen
 sus of Texas shows the population to be
 145,000, exclusive of Newton and San Patri
 co counties.
 Patriot Mitchell. —The Dublin corre
 pondent of the New York Tribune states
 that the wife, children, mother and sisters of
 the patriot Mitchell are about to *omo to this
 country.
 A new agitation has been started in Ire
 land to promote the holding of occasional par
 liaments in Dublin. The Evening Post of
 that city ridicules the whole scheme, and
 pronounces it utterly impracticable.— Boston
 Bet
 Mummies.—The Texan Star states that a
 million of mummies have been discovered in
 the environs of Durango, Mexico. They are
 in a sitting posture, and have the same wrap
 pings, bands, and ornameuts, as the Egyp;
 trams.
 As Example.—Thomas Elkins, a colored
 lad, who was brought up in Albany, is prac
 tising dentistry, in Liberia, and ia also Sup
 erintendent of school at an annual salary of
 $3OO.
 Absconded Slaves. —We learn from the
 Cumberland (Md Mountaineer, that two
 slaves absconded from that place on Sunday
 night, the 13th ult. They took with them a
 pair of match horses belonging to Gowton.—
 lhc horses have since been discovered, near
 Bedford, Penn., but the runaways crossed the
 line in safety.
 A Good Answer, What shall I do,’*
 said a liquor seller to a temperance lecturer,
 “if 1 quit selling run* Go into the poor
 house,*’ said the lecturer, and be supported
 there, and let the poor you have male pau
 pers, come out,”
 Failure of tue Atmospheric Railway.
 —The Atmospheric Railway, has probably
 received its death-blow by the abandonment
 of that mode of traction by the South Devon
 Railway Company, after having spent X’300,-
 000 in experimenting upon it. The system ia
 found to be too expeosiva. It oust i-108 to
 earn 100! No more need be said about it.
 Punch places it in bis obituary of this week.—
 IjmAon t hr. of the Sat tonal Inte&amp;grmcrr.
 We understand that a white man has bees
 arrested io Clark county for collumoo with
 about a dimsu negroes, to effect their escape.
 We have not heard the particulars, but the
 proof is said to he conclusive.— Alexandria,
 To., Gat.
 Electric Tuuwapn.—Professor Morse re
 cently obtained a decision in bis favor, in the
 U. S. District Cooit of Kentucky, against
 Mr. O’Reilly, for an alleged violation ef Ins]
 patent Joe the Elect**: Telegraph.
Man over the Fall* j
 NiMtaas Faun, Ux. $4, I*lB.
 At about nun-down last evening n man wan
 earned over the Falla. .Who he was not
 knows. From has maoageao at of the sail
 boat ia which he came down the river, l think
 he was not well acquainted with the current
 or the rapids. His dress and appearance in
 dicated respectability, and after he got into
 the rapids his seif-pomessaon was most extra
 ordinary. His boat was a very good one—
 decked over on the bow, and 1 should think
 would carry three or four tons. From what
 I team of a sail-bunt having been seen below
 Black Rook, coating down, I think it is from
 there or Buililiu. No other than a person
 unacquainted with the current above the
 rapids would venture so sear them.
 I was on the head of Gust Islam) when I
 first disrovem) the boat—then nearly half a
 mile below the foot of Navy Island, and nearly
 two miles above the Falla. There seemed to
 be two in the boat. It wan directed towards
 the American shore—the wind blowing from
 the shore, and still the sad was standing.
 Being well acquainted with the river, I re
 garded the position o{ the boat as extraordi
 nary and hazardous, and watched it with
 intense anxiety. Soon I discovered the mo
 tion of an oar, and from the changing direc
 tion of the boat, concluded it had foil one.
 While constantly approaching nearer and
 nearer the rapids, 1 could discover it was
 gaining the American shore, and by tlie time
 it had got near the first fall in the rapids,
 about half a mile above Gout Island, it was
 directly above the Island. There it was
 turned up the river, and for aooee time the
 wind kept it nearly stationary.
 The only hope seemed to be to come direct
 ly to Goat Island, and whether I should run
 half a mile to give alarm, eg remain to assist
 in the event the boat attempted to make the
 Island, was a question of painful doubt. But
 soon the boat was again tamed toward the
 American shore.—Then it was certain it
 must go down the American rapids. I ran
 for the bridge—saw and informed a gentle
 man and lady just leaving the Island, but they
 seemed unable to reply or move. I rallied a
 man at the toll-gate—we ran to the main
 bridge in time to see the boat just before it
 got to the first large fall in the rapids. Then
 I saw but one man—he standing at the stern
 i with his oar, changing the course of the boat
 j down the current, and as it plunged over he
 sat down. I was astonished to see the boat
 rise with the mast and sail standing, and the
 man, again erect, directing ihe boat towards
 shore. As he came to the next, and to each
 succeeding fall, he sat down, and then would
 rise and apply his oar in the intermediate
 current.
 Still there was hope that he would come
 near enough to the pier to jump, but in a
 moment it was gone. Another that he might
 jump upon the rock near the bridge, but the
 current dashed him from it under the bridge,
 breaking the mast. Again he rose, on the
 opposite side. Taking his oar and pointing
 his boat towards the main shore, he cried,
 “had I better jump from the boat We
 could not answer, for e ther seemed certain
 destruction. Within a few rods of the Fails,
 the boat struck a rock—turned over and lodg
 ed. He appeared to crawl from under it, and
 swam with the oar in his hand till he went
 over the precipice.
 Without the power to render any assistance
 —for half an hour watching a strong man
 struggling with every nerve for life, yet
 doomed with almost the certainty of destiny
 to an immediate anti awful death, still hoping
 with every effort for his deliverance—caused
 an intensity of excitement I pray God never
 again to experience.
 I write too hurriedly for publication, but I
 have stated all we have seen or know resect
 ing the man or boat, and from which I hope
 you will be able to glean so much for publica
 tion as will lead to the discovery of the men.
 ITT 1 Maria Monk died the other day in N.
 York, after a life of drunkenness and crime.
 —Our readers will remember her wonderful
 book of revelations respecting the convents at
 Montreal, which turned out to be a volume of
 lies from beginning to end.— Montreal Pilot.
 JO* He is a great simpleton who imagines
 that the chief power of wealth is to supply
 wants.—ln ninety-nine cases out of a hundred,
 it creates more wants than it supplies.
ommer c i a 1.
Rochester. Oct. 13, IS4B.
 During the qnst week tlie market lias been quiet
 and moderatldy active. Considerable quantities of
 Flour have been taken in the New York market for
 export, and tlie feeling among dealers is good.
 There has Ix-cn a constant though not very great
 supply of Wheat in our market—a large portion of
 it being brought in wagans from the surrounding
 country. Sales arc making to day at £1 09&lt;ffil 12£.
 Corn 60 cts. per bu. Barley in demand at 50e.—
 Oats 251528 c.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR asp MEAL—Duty 20 ead val
 Flour, 14)1 525 6£ 550
 Corn meal, (p bush 50
 PROVISIONS—Duty; Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lanl, 20 (p c; Cheese 30 (f c iul val
 Pork, (mess) .1450© 15 50
 Do. in I log 400© 4 50
 Beef, cal. 350® 4 50
 Do. bid. (mess) 700 800
 Lard (triod) 6£ 7
 Do. (leaf,) 6
 Hams, (smoked) 7 8
 Shoulders, do. 4# 5
 Turkeys ..0
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bush. 25
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 f c ad wd
 Wheat, bush 1 12
 Com 43 0 50
 Rye 50
 Oats 25
 Barley ..60
 HIDES—Duty; 5 y c ad val
 Slaughter 3£
 Call ..10
 Klrqi Pelts 12$ 25
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 c; Mustard 20 f
 c ad val
 Clover
 Timothy' 125 a
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Dirtv on foreign caught; 20f cal val
 Whitefish hbl 7 00
 Codfish cut 350
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, liW 125
 Api des, f iiu«h .40
 Do. dried #..75
 Eeji, f ilnt 10
 IW.V Imsli 87 100
 Hay, Lou 1300
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
5 u c r t i s t m c n I s.
 THE lICTCBWMN FAJULT,
 (os THEIR WAT TO THE WEST,)
 T&gt; ESPECTFIXLY aw** to the rat bras of
 IV Rochester aad vaeiaity, that they wiR give a
 VOCAL
 ENTERTAINMENT
 AT XIRER7A HALL,
 ON THURSDAY EVENING, Oct. If, 1048,
 latrodoring a rhube
 •rnrh as have »rt the fiw«r rf the Masseal t mtdtr,
 t.«* m EnfLnsd mad Asaenra. Amumg vkb may
 Wf'ic viA yw
 The OU Chart* ML
 The Bridge ofSifhs.
 The M&lt;mata«a-er.
 Thr Grttef* rf-T Mother.
 There** a good later cuteiag.
 The Ship oo Fie.
 The aew ef
 h ebht DuQam a lh»y.
 B-rhnkw’a lawrnt.
 OU Graaste State, hr. hr.
 *nelwte MomU To he had at the Marie steers
 aad as the daur ea Ae eueabg *f ihe eatertaieteMH.
 lioorv MN at past A-Cuartft la r aiani aat
 part 7 tbek- I
job riomxG.
 TUt WORTH BTAR OfTtCS, is famM
 1 tift new M Typr. fee ikt mrlim uf every
 ilrwviadaa •fFriut'u* *Hk asalar*# ami tnymatk,
 Iland-UIL, Bfanks, p,g krmlr.
 rpfnamj, Ctrralar*, Ril&lt; uf W»?,
 Pamphlrts. Card*. Lfehrls.Rr.
 Narrative or the life of Freder
 ick DOUGH**, «ntm w himself, to U
 had at thi* nfce, pnee 39 rant*.
 Qw the PmUie r fimm9, A.M. ta 8 PJfc
 TIE AmeHTERT OFFICE READ
 ING ROOM. No. 25, Hoffhla Stmt. Th*
 Romi m wall) fanwhf.l. ami (far dbirt Rnl with
 nmr of the brut A mi-9 la very. T«aptnarr, Reli
 gious, Folkiral md Lilfnn IVpm.
 FXIKS*. kr.. F.w 9»le at ihr A VTi-9t-a vr n t
 Orrirt ARtiUivc R«o«, N&lt;*. ft Dafck
 at., Srnaai Story opposite the Artiafe:
 Narrative of FinoWirk UiotWu.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 1 Spooner on I'aronrtkwti.Amlity of Slavery.
 W. Phillips reply to do.
 Iregion of Liberty.
 Slavery iHwttr ited by it* effect on Woman.
 Abi a rich variety of Fanry and nwM artW ki
 mule by the Ladies* Anti-Slavery Soriety.
 Xew Watcli and Jewelry Sion*.
 JOHN KEDZIE bavins rhany l bit partnership
 relations, h;»* remove I hi* Shop two iluuri
 Norfh to No. 11, State Stn-vt, where lie w |icrp«rp»i
 arrmfolk to rompi-te in the sale of an entire nen
 i Stock of Good*, oiiwiiitin* of (hAI awl Silvei
 English, Anchor, Minxmtal an I Vertical Watcher
 Gull Guard and Full Chaim, Gold Seals ami Key*
 Gold aryl Silver Pencil*, Spectacle* and Thimble*
 Gold Ear-Kins*, Bracelet*, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Indies' ami
 Gentlemen’* Breast-Pins, new style; doable ami
 single II nntins (obi and plated Lockets, Gold Pern,
 I best quality, Silver and Shell Comb* ami Owes,
 Fine Cutlery, Ac. Ac.
 I The above an I a variety of other desirable G&gt;mmK&lt;
 o*n&lt;illy kept in our bosine**, are offered on more ad
 vantageons terms than usual; ami it is |&gt;arti&lt;iilarty
 desire*l th.it the goods should be examined, and
 Ibices ascertained, before purchasing elscwliere in
 this market.
 Wc nrumCirtnrc and keep on hand a good assort
 in *nt of Silver Spoons, warranted as pore as Arne-
 I rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Acmrlcon* and
 otlier Musical Instruments, which will lie sold very
 i low.
 j We intend to keep a good assortment of the be*t
 Brass Eight-day, 21 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 lie found in this city.—Call an 1 see tin-in.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 F;irtiter particuLurs at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.— To the Farmers in particular we wotAI
 give notice, that we have a variety if Barometers
 1 wliiehwill give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to he able to a'lopt his business to its
 variation*. Please call and examine th in, as every
 man ouglit to have one.
 Sep. 15, 184-8. 6m.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully infirm the citiaens of Rochester
 ar,d surrounding country, that 1 have removed my
 ollice from No. 89 Smith 1 Arcade to my dwelling
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl for past favors in tlte line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself tliat I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite alt those* who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserte.l to call on mo an d satisfy
 thenuelves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All one ration* performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 R &gt;chc*tor, Oct. 13, IS4S. tf.
NEW PUMP FACTORY*
 TUP. subscriber take* this method to inform the
 citizens of Rnch'-ster and vicinity, that lie ha*
 just established a Pump Fnctory, at iiumls-r 224,
 Main street, where Ik- will lie liitppy to wait upou all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had consi lerable experience in his line of
 Ixisincss, lie pledges himself to furnish as gisxl an
 article, ami of as g mm] material, as can lie procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pump* are furnished with either w*&gt;mml or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He'also stis|tplie*, to onb*r,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 Tlie sulwerilier will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, w!m will attend to all call* for
 digging, drilling, or hl.isting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kin Is of Pumps repaired to
 oriler.
 OCje The above work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, fir cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewlicre.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
I'ash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, M.iin street, corner of North street.
 (Old Stand of Edward Dardwell.)
 JUST receive 1, and will I* kept constantly on
 Itan l, an extensive and complete assortment o
 Groceries ami Provisions.
 A large lot of Groceries just received, bought in
 New York, at the lowest of the very low prices of
 tlie present season.
 Sugars, from a good article at 5 cents per lb. to
 the I lest crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico, Constantia ami New
 Orleans Molasses, very low fjr the quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, Codfish, Rice, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, and all tlie articles, too
 iiunHTous to mention, which make a full variety to
 supply even want of families or dealers.
 Choice fresh Green am! Black Teas.
 Extra OH Java and other Codecs.
 Cash paid for produce and provi*i&lt;ms.
 The attention of farmers, city families ami dealers
 is respectfully solicited. Those win. have long fre
 qtienled this well known stand are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, ami all in want of goods in
 mv line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 prices.
 I sell for Cash only, and can therefore afford to
 sell low. A new lot of g mils expected from Newr
 York in a few days. I intend to make arrange
 ments soon to keep a sujiphr of Frrt Isitrrr Urocrrut.
 Customers shall lie assort'd of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and price of n»v gooils.
 G. B. BTEBBIN3.
 Rochester, July, 1849. 3m29
 Sew and Second-Hand Clothing,
 At 48, Esekm** Strut, R/xJtrttrr.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 his (rieiuts ami tlie Pulilic g-nerally, that be has
 1 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 ami Second Hand CVtbiag, sorb as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vests, &amp;e., with which he will supply
 Customers at the must reas nsalde Prices.
 L. 8. desires also to iufioa tlie Public, that be
 attends to repairing and renovating, which he war
 rants to be dune at the cheapest rate, and ia the
 best and neatest possible manner. His lung expert
 I core in the business warrants him ia assuring alt
 who mat patronize him, that his work shall be dime
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848.
 TRIWKS! TRIXKS!
 rIE first mtafrty of artirlr is to tie had at LAING
 It BON NELL *8 sew Establishment, No.
 fftnfn Much, Rachamar. Alan a general assort
 ment of Valise*, Travelling Bags, Ice., which are
 ufiered at the very lowest prices Car Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 ami with drrpatrh, byJ.T. Lang, at his old stand
 in Stale .Street, opposite the Mamina House.
 J. T. I- havin| had extrusive rxprrtrwre ia the
 Pastern market*, lag** to give HthhrtM to a
 gamma* pnUie who shaft hv«r Urn with their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, Jaly 14, 1848. 3m
 AUBURN mmd SUCUEfTEB
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON and afire Friday, Jaws 38th. there a IB he three
 Passenger Trams daily each war
 Leaviag Rmhmtec at l.li f. *7.14 P. M. ami
 13-lfim.
 Lrwv'mg Idan at 1L 1., IA M-, id UO
 P. M.
 WliTVtU). —After this date, the train leaving
 ABam a m&amp; Ten fhisihy e«asi% will resms
 at Adfiara horn Rpdhf msnuag titimhji evening,
 nlma it wd pmmmd westward ah the anal time ap
 pointed fcv the evening train,
 Esfrwtan.—The atorwiag imia from BafiiU,
 lewiag Rorhestsw dally, at 1» M., HI also hsreaf
 ler be diseistisir 1 mi &lt;tehi ua this RmdL
 WM. WiLEY, Super ialra Irut-
 Raehrstar, Ta»%, Utit Jaly, 1848.
 lUir-i rmlr* mM tombm *t
 RALPH FRANCISt Raima. msdrr the E*,V
 liatel, liafhda-wtrcr. pd If —dm
NEW PUBLIC’ATTONS.
 HJ. RF. READY IN A FEW DAYS*.
 L- ‘Hl*’* Am*t,«iib* Irhf sketch of
 k»s hfr bv H./ttmd LVutf.
 AU,. Um r r*« feCtre*. m rtr /Qwwzf rlr l afe
 **d &gt;Sw«. TW« aUnw wa* wiusg tn the
 iMdr M *o«MMßdU.*.iHa. ihmJUkm
 *di» wl throe who drMC* c*&gt;p«M viU tn weft lu
 Mm m their ««rthrp nrK.
 JU9T Ft HI.I9HF.D. a lecture entitled Tst
 r»rr t*»pßiitßT(VitiiTai*«r thrl slo*
 *t» Ricr, by Iftwry Highland iimtnt*.
 Publish*! it Tn»y ~V Y. Orders attended tn.
 April 29, 9a.
 j 4 ff
 Cfifral Vitrllhifire Oflrr.
 Geo. w. goines Kiti,,, lfMin i r*t»M.-K
 -moit at thr- Pint, tMtt riti.R ItmrvTr,
 Lnmbunt Nrrrt. als.vr- S-*vr«th. the purpose *4
 prursnn* hsr*t awl (aklS tl «b a*Uw (v those
 who may require them, and obtaining (daces C*r
 sarh a* am qualified and in w «nt thereof. fn*gv Ic »Ve
 u* icier to-(hr fdbming name-1 gentirwrti. who ham
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 i Andrew M’Makin Efttnr the A in.-rican C&lt;airier
 I Robert M«ict»*, Editor tf the Iwpdrer
 Jasper Harding, Pablisla-r of tlae liM(uirer
 j ITnilr* J. Pett-rsiNt, Elitor of Neal's Gaartte
 i Tho*. B. Florence, Editor of Time-» ami Krysttme
 KiJw-tt Howell. 88, &lt;V*mt Street
 Ililliatn J. Mnlb-n, 278, Catherine direct.
 PhiUh l]*lii i, p». 1, l&lt;4B. ly—36.
Marl's Vegetable Extract
 Is tla* tally remedy tint ran be rtdietl ini t* ilm
 permanent cure of B(«smi*lic Contnirtioo*, Irrita
 i tion of tie Nerves, Nervous or Sick liea laeh-
 Nervous l’reiis&gt;r*. Neuralgic Afh-ctions, tinera
 Debility-, Idctiriency of Nervotw ami Physical Ewer
 gy, a ref all Nervous Disorders, including the mosi
 dreadful of all disease* that a fleet tin* human race—
 F.ptltfmj), or F'tltm* iScketm. —Hysterical Fit*
 Couv Uious, Spuauus, Ac It i* well known, t'.mi
 fraMl time imimnnoi i:d, Physicsins hati’ pronounced
 Epileptic Fits imaimUe. It h;i* l**tH-~il aN tlnrh
 skill, aikl tile liUMted power of all mmlkine, ami
 rouse»|ut fitly thousand* have suffered through a mis
 eralih* existence, art-1 at last vieldetl ig&gt; their live* on
 the Altar itf Inxantlif. —Th* pniprietorof tlte cget
 able Extract, however, feels no ih-lieacy in sayiiiy
 that it can be cured. He would, thorrt.nv, respect
 fully invite physician?, and all oilier* wlm are inter
 j esletl, to examiai- the h-stimoin wllkh is h-n* offnreil
 j If it is deception, let i: lie cxitofed Imt if it is
 true, tla-n in tla- mime of humanity, no kmger let il
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 IlruTt IcgrfiMc' Extr o,l. —Fo**- sixteen years
 lias lieeu teste«l by many persons who Ittve sulfere.
 with this dreadful dissuse, and in every ease wla-rt
 it has lia I a fair trial, luis effected a |M-noanwni
 cure.
 (Jol. Dciwlow of Yonkers, New York, states dial
 his daughter has b-en atilicted with Fits for inma
 than nine yean*, ait I hits liecn cured by the use u!
 the VegeLilile Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard *tieet, New York,
 state* that hlm- has la-cn subject to Fits for many
 years, and has G-en restontf tn prrfta-t h*-alth (allet
 every otlier means laul failed) by the use uf Um
 Vegetal&gt;le Extract.
 Dr. (Yirk-d A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, wlto is one of the liest l*liy*ieians in th*
 State, says that he lias been uarli Is-netitted by tin
 use of tlte Vegetable Extract, and th.it lie uulitsitat
 ingiy prescril&gt;es it ill every c;tse of Epilepsy wliicl!
 comr-s under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayls-n-y, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Liiue Mills, Crawford (Jo., l'a., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., stat s tliat for many &gt;—ars past he
 j lias been sorely allliefed with Fits, and Im- is now
 trappy to state that a persevering use ot Dr. Halt’s
 Vegetable Extract, lias r«-stor*-d hiiu to s.sind Imuilili,
 lieing entirely freed from tliat worst "f all diseases.
 Jmlge Ran 'all, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 liaving used tlie Vegf.tabhf Exlra*-t successfully in
 his family, highly recommend* it to all person* who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, slate* tliat
 Mr. Clias, H. Houghton, a member of hi* family lias
 liecn so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fit* Ibr
 in.iny years, that hi: was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having usi-d Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (*ay* Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 jierfect lie ilth, and left this city for the State of
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peter* Church,
 SpoUwood, New Jersey, who lias U-en afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits tor more than forty years, stales
 that lie Ibis used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable F.xtract, and
 his liealth has been so inucb improved tlutt he hope*
 by Divine blessing, to liave no more Fits.
 Ejalcptic Fit*. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of tlie son of
 Win. Sccore, Esq, of Phihulelphiu, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and *ix months.
 After travelling through England, ScotlaiKl, (»er
 many and France, consulting tlm iisist eminent
 |&gt;hysicians, and expi.-nriing for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three ihoastiii'l dollars, returned
 with his son to this cmintry in Novemlx:r last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, ami was cured
 by using llart'* Vr"&gt;ttMe Katrart l have spent
 over three thousand dollars fiw me dcineaml im-dical
 attendance. 1 was advised to take a lour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted tlie most eminent physician* tin re in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 lied accordingly. I remained tliere three nion Its
 without pereeiviug any change for the lieth r, which
 cost me alxsit two hundred and tiflv dollars, p.«l
 cted by the physicians, and tfie most that 1 received
 was their opiniou tliat mv son case w s lio|M-less,
 anJ PUSITIVELY INOUKAULE. 1 accmdingly
 left E iglaud travelled through Scotland, Germany'
 ami France, and returned home in th*; mouth of
 .VoVi.-mlier hist, with my son as far from lieing cured
 a* w Im-ii 1 left, 1 saw your advertisement ill one of
 the New York papers, and conclude J to try Hart’s
 Veg'-tidile Extract, si-eing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, smne of twenty ami
 thirty years standing, and 1 can assure you 1 aiu not
 sorry I did so, as by tlie use of llart s Vegetable
 Extract alone he wa* restored to PERf-'EGT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so £tr gone as to
 unlit him for ltusim:** is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now Indore him of lile, iM-alth ami useful
 ness. He is now 28 y- ars of age, and 27 yew* 6
 months of this time has Isen aitbcted witii this
 most dreadful of disi-ases, but thank Gud now
 enjoying good liealth.
 Now, sir, faitli without works I ilon’t believe
 in. To say 1 shall be ever grateful to yon i* .me
 thing, and as 1 here enclose yog one hundred dot ars,
 1 have no doubt ljut you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. 'l'he rW&lt; of gratitnde I still
 owe you; hut please accept this amount a* interest
 on the debt in a-lvaoce.
 Yours, very respectfnllv,
 (sigiaxJ) WILLIAM BECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY*
 In reference to the aluvn-t niiracuhais Hlkoey of
 this truly wonderful medicine, read l)m following
 letter from Dr. W. L. Mouroe, of Gutlior t, Ohio,
 one uf the most eminent pliysteian* m ilwt p Ltcr:
 Guilford, Omo, August 17, 1846.
 Broth rr laborer in the can*'; of humanity—Dear
 sir: It i» with no small degree of pleasure that I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triumph
 uf your inraluahk- medicine in rases of KpiL-psy. 1
 have presented it in far instances in thi* vtrinity,
 sod it has been highly successful la all. 'ldwee .4
 the putie.rts, 1 trust, have Isvn radically rure.l.
 'l’he fisirth owe is raj.idly itniiroviug, ami w ill, I
 think w ithnut doubt rerover. 1 am not in the habit
 of presrribuig or mnunenliiq patent medietas*,
 Ism a bra I see an article wtueh premises so much
 fur the relief &gt;4 suffering humanity, 1 feel my duty
 to recommend it, and 1 have no hr*, tali in in sav
 ing that as sum as the Leaky are fwMy acquainted
 w ith the real merit uf y&lt;*ar mediciur, they wiU
 close their eyes against 'prejudice ami lead you a
 helping hand.
 I subnrribr myself yours, ainrerdv,
 [Higne,]] W. L. Mi&gt;Nkl&gt;E, M. t&gt;.
 To Dr. 8. Hart, New Yurk.
 THE TIME 18 NUT FAR DWTANT
 When thousand* who are mrm IretnUaug aw ter
 the hand if thi* ilrmfel disrrm*-. and (arm; that
 every attark umy prove fetal, witt flo-t prmnienl
 relief awl be restored to new life, try wing ibis
 OVER ONE TIIOURAND fTRT|FIUATEB
 Have hfen rverived in teslMNnm of the Rswfertal
 resuk pvudnr.d by the mo of U. Mast’s V.gcw
 bfe Extract.
 Prnmmf by R. HART, M D, N'e* Ymi.
 Frier, mm package ?3 60
 Dm mb gMfiagM MUd
 Do «gfe pat katf. a 2D 0*
 JF I* fan-fallj parked ap in Innu-s kr trans
 portatinsi. amf send a, am ,s«n »f rfe- United
 Stales, Texas, fexm, «M We&gt;« Iwfe
 THOMA 9 A M U-8, Mam street, Ci*&gt;
 rmmos, Okm. General Agent, (hr the Unttel
 Wft wWIBI *9 BMMMiI tf m)s
 in,,, p t H
 A 4 «f Fttkna ami Wifeuiflt.
 New York.
 H. 11. Wwfe, Main h fk, Pauls ftefemr,
 E. IfeAuV. 217 Mammrm. IWfeL.
 S' uievehasj Okm,
 Pay A Kiftwir, U-Attkbu*,
 J- G A G. H Hitt. Ifetmtt, Michigan,
 Cmmingham, Mfflwaukar M is.
 J- R Rami, ami C**., dump tit,
 Ihrf. T. RUM, iVliase low*.
 M. Bfekihy. ami Os., B*. Louie Mu.
 Ami far Mala by us a* «f Ike pucipJ I*NS"**(
 throttrhuut the l otted Ifeaßrs
 &gt;1901148 A MILL*, m
 bap. 22 —ly Cinema*!. Oam
Inp«rtaat Farwn.
 I DR'S Fstrwt 4tVel Cnhirat .9 an,) \v&gt; Cmr
 Plmr. TV Fnmw: Ptrfdic «t h«*r&gt; b&gt; I
 tbs' Patent Have been t.vkm out by the S. b*.
 imti r t«r hr* rertmt great wfwwrm« mfe o*«-
 stru~tsw.sndawMwifsrt.unnf Ftrt H'tt T|v»Tna«;
 an nnpr**vemrn« so grrm a« to entirety iTV.-bamor a
 tbewtadrsviWrtnolfenaina,h* tedm-mg ihr experts
 .—r half or arnre* WVmn thr*. how brrn .utro
 •hard, tbrv katf nrt thr &lt;lrci Jed approlvition of
 *unw-r«. as tbr &lt;4b»wi»** rrrtihrate* from thr i»te
 uni practical (warn abase ahmt* arw
 •ttochrd, dsu* L»ntty sbaa;
 certificates-
 TVs navy fftlilV that w, (Sr f»n/smlirr«, lafe
 •wa anri a*v| T t*. \VWI CubfSat.a. a*Trn.cf
 «**he»w. tßh™. CV. !W
 V^ 1 h*W,as a Uw-*»v,ng as
 n "T* °T l,lr rrcU ..f ibr air-
 U.*£irmrr cwnpot i.i fc* ArTee
 "**"■of wheat .a a war. with tta- arm- aamwnt U
 JT”" "r"}. *»***Mm»m*m no* b totter order.
 and other aox*— we.-ta
 U- l.fyHy r\fiqmlr-l. Maid machine is
 Jlns tfl lint It can hr regulated to go any ,tenth. h&gt;
 •&gt;4 screw* ntt thr apprr part &lt;K tbr amrhinc.
 ami line* either ptow ap tbr ground lbata«Sh,,«
 *nly jn,* brush tbr ««ri«rr. L’pjw thr wh.de’. an
 rt ‘Vrabsiy thp Ira nt trhiar ever invent.*! f„ r
 the amt ferilitnfing the tab* of
 tnr t «ri«-r. am I as snrh we cherrfulH tvcwwHMal
 t»* hit iT.Kh.-r firmer*.
 H. Hr Hey, James
 Newman, John Strye-W,
 J.4mi I Wheeler, lUrtr- llnllev
 James IV Awlrwon,
 Mhrßn April 23, 18JK.
 ’V 1 of Natlmi.
 I.V Patent-1 ultiv atnr* kist Fab, ami t0,,,*1 it
 answer the |mrp.&gt;*r so well, tint wr have this SpritMi
 i iitttV pwrrlv.se of another. We nt* ith this IM .w
 I prejiire with two h«&gt;r»eii, ei«ht acn-s Ua.l p.T «fciy
 jlt ohrat, ami it is nttteh better .bate than V»&gt; iba
 okl [Am«; ami tbr Lint! |M-pare&lt;l hv ttiis A'ultivatae
 w ill yieU 5 buHi. pet arre more.
 lEU FTItTKCH.
 Riyt, June, 1849. DtLXMS CHI Ktlf.
 After these testiinoniaU, As ?ul»a-rihrr 4mns it
 Hftnecrse.iry to eater into a hug ami rhihuratr .W-a
 cripthm &lt;4" thr implement, wiMr it* variotH nsHas of
 op»-mtioo. To he fully ;ipprrri:rt*«.l, it must He Wt n
 j N’« firmer who AaMKr laslerstamlK hi*
 interest wiM k* wab.an is asr mrahaihln
 iinpieiiM'iit-
 Nathan idk. p.ae«.t«..
 Sla-lhy, Orh-inbCo., N. Y.,inly
 i lf&gt;F. S Patent ('’ulrir-.itor is mnmibrtmrl I*
 l.f.V I M I.U.S, llullnlo near the Kutl’-i
 Heud, Rochester, N. wlare htraM-sware i.ivite l
 t.» call an 1 i juiuio' ftsr themselves.-
 JAR. It. J. PF.CK, Phys i ian sift I Surgeon, Phi*
 17 lalelpliia Institute, LaulsirJ Street, ah.ve
 Seventh. l v _36
 HOUR FOR RRFORAfRRS.
 j f FIIF. sulwerilrr has remove.l In that ueat.eonec
 x nient, an&lt;l central ItKinluir-hofise, No. CVntml
 jKirt, where he w ill Is- most happy to wchtnne some
 f&gt;f the I'riemh) of Reform, at rt-nsonahle cbarjfe*.—
 H.‘ .slips liis house to Is* tlie central place its Bo**
 j t, n w liere tlie frieorls of Temperance, re.oe, Pnrilf,
 I hfvctlom, the Prisitner, &amp;e,, imv nn*&lt;*t lojp-ther, an.l
 enjoy a comfortable ami Inwue*
 i i.V:ntnil Court ojm-iis at 238 Wustiiuypon street.
 JOHN .If, SPEAR.
 Boston, Ano, 21, ISAS.
 A&lt;(» la /4s Prrw,
 .1 TRIBUTE FOR THE \E€RO.
 nriwo a Tt.vrrrr-tTTn.t or thk worai., iirrr.i..
 i lkctd.il Ann nrttatirv* ear a aniTirs or
 i THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 H7/4 particular rrfrrmcr to thr A frican fare,
 Hlttstnirn! bvmimerons authentic facts, BioTrapbica
 Test insmies of kc.
 1
 The motives which have n.’fttilefl the rmthns hr
 |&gt;rf-|Mirtn)f fhe Hbote-menflonefl Work, are wA-ly
 ilc.vre to interest an.l enlighten flip pnl.fic inifn.l, on
 n subject intimately rouneete.l with tin- happim-ss or
 iniseiA of a large js.rtion of tin* human family anil
 by a relation of facts mat testimonies, which no
 assertions can annul, to remove a fleeply-nsitrsl pre
 jit'liee, existing in the iniu.ls of many, resjicctiiig thw
 African race.
 It is all important qnrstion whether the Negro i.s
 constitutionally, ao.l llw-refi.re MTemeilisHl.ly intrrior
 to tlw white nian, in the power* of (hr iwin.l, Much
 of the future welfare of tin- human race il. pemls oil
 the answer which experience anil Will furnish
 to this f|iM-stion; for it concerns nof-onK tlie vast
 popukition of Africa, Iwt many niillions of the Negro
 race, wlm are locate.l elsewhere, an.l lh*&gt; whites who
 are liec.ming mixeil with tlie black race, in cooytrie*
 where Slavery exists, or where it has existed till
 within a recent |&gt;eri&lt;&gt;il. .Many persons have Vewfnr*
 ed upon peremptory fieri.*frm/nn both snles of thj
 ouestion; Uit tin* majorrtr appear fo fv- */rff rnisatis
 bed as to rhe real rapahifitie* of (fie Negro rare.
 I heir present aetnal inferiority in many resperts,
 rompjiring them as a w hole it ith t| M lighter colour
 ed (fortiori hf munkiml, istfsieviilent to la* disputed
 lait it must la* lairue in mind that tln*v are not in a
 (it condition for a fair comparison to la* drawn be
 tween tin* two. Their (Tesent degraded state *iav
 It easily arc.muted for by tin* circumatanrea amidst
 which Negroes have lived, la:tli in (heir own country
 and ahribMl. Ifa single Irrs/auce nth he aJtlneeflo
 an individual of the African rare exhibiting a genius
 which would la* ronsidcreileminent in e»vilrw«&gt;«| F.nro
 |a*an sffciety, tve have a (&gt;ns*l that there isnt»ineom
 patibility la*tw'een Negro .Tgati/.alm.i and high in*
 telleetfr.il |mwer, Bn( i» itiM one a bine, lait many
 remarkable rases of this description that are hr.night
 forward in lln* present volume, which imlmlra up
 ward* of 130 tk.tchc* of Afrtrm, or fW
 i/r.*crndnr.t*, la-si.hrs Facts ami Ai*x-.lo(es, Testimo
 nies of Travellers, Missionaries, K whole
 forming a complete"TDftp of r. ton Titr. Ngfitto,”
 an I exhihiting an imdiNikctal rrthMtim of the on
 f.&gt;un&lt;le.l eahiinuies which bare Itcr fa aped on th* un
 fortunate race of Africa, proving them to la* eruloweif
 with every characteristic coustitirting tlwir identity
 w ith tlie great family of Man, and r&lt;iits&lt; .|.w*ntly, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst whirl*
 are“ life-, lila-rty, and tlm (mrsoit of happiness/* any
 infringement on wliieh is a flaring iMiirpation of tlie
 prerogative and authority of the M..*rt llrgh*
 Tlie work will he rcmWed whlibooafly mterrsting
 l&gt;y A.v ArMt.irßMTr iAtkoupctorv pokj*,
 written purposely for (he oceasion, l»y Hi riahu
 Hartoh. It will also lar enriched lw tlie aiklitmu
 of a ljeautif.il engraving, fr.un a (jumtiag presr-nted
 to tlie Lou.h»i Missimviry Hoeietv, mweseatiwe two
 Natives ofS.itrth Africa giving Evidence U-h.re a
 Select Cummiltee of the House of O.nuoon*. The
 Africans are giving evidence, |&gt;r. I'hillip m seated
 in tlie kircground, ami James Bend, sen. and jun..
 Missionaries from Mouth Africa, are stun.lmg, the
 latter acting as iuterpret4-r. The Volume a ill also com
 tain portraits of
 Civile, the Chief of AnftstaACapt)ves, M
 Jas Tt.a rzoK, Christ via Cha.-f ol the A inab neat
 Trila*. M.Kith A frica.
 J. \V C. I'kxi.v cto.v, a highly esl. -wd Mina.ter
 of tlie fsoSpel, ,4 pfife African evtrartion.
 I RKDRRICK llovml. tss, the fwgitive shave.
 Of. 4CD A H Eqi.iaso, or L'ST av c s Yassa.
 Engraved on steel Iw first-rate Artists. Almci vac
 sinii.k of the writing of Toomalxt L'Ol vi.r-
 TORR, the HLu-k Cllirfof I lav li.
 The work WiM Is-(Timed i„ the best tvpe, on line
 gaper, and consist .daissii 3U(( (.ages Mv.i., Is-awtiful-
 K bssiil in rb.tli, with an a|jprt,pri4te ilevue, form
 in* no elegant Vohwnr for the draw log-too a* fakir.
 Ail probts arising from hs sale will b* der.rfed to
 the Auti-Mktv.-ry cause; AiueritSM —_•
 era «f 3; to nou-stdau rda-rs p 4; ush vidua Is .lesw.w
 -.4 (swsessmg ntfiin will.ddige »*v swlu., their at
 ders to JIIRW AMWUD, U*ds; ur to thu
 North Mrar OA««.
 PHfJSPKPXmr.M OF THE
 Anerkaa rhreH«tuifal J«iraal.
 O. ro»Lt* KDItOH.
 r) and perfect ourselves ami our r»*v&gt;, is
 the «-*»t exaked ,4 all work*. Yet, to da this w
 I "nlrrmiaiei the Ifunwn &lt;K&gt;siitMion. This
 i |m( Vital %f ;«x*tr«Min rm»
 brace, aad uuurn eapouud all few laws of our bring,
 Conditions ,4 ba, v „w„ t am! cmstillHr the pbibwo.
 phrr s dwe of I oiv. rsal Troth.
 rakE^oiotir'
 t-*b mtbi wiH tuntasi. ithef the analysis and
 biraf low i4mmmr phreaMlog,&lt;-.d Cru'ty, dbtslraßtsl by
 A-i Er&lt;nit mg, or tw arlrral im lbs rtmtla-atiu.
 aim! dw (hr .wtf.iuhmlioa aral rharartev &lt;4 ««r de
 truga,shod |«tiuiyf ,irrmi|«sM d by a Umwtw.
 miMOLOOI
 Health Is Lit-, The great iastrameoi «f tab m vir
 tue and huppmess, all./ which u wgisrsb. T«
 persmatim aud rwalaraiioa,special stu iuisa w*K bw
 given.
 NAONKTIbM.
 M ub pVartiui outnartnm, lumotisi fcrta, a*l
 ck.ire truths wlurb it UoL-ida, adl h (Stsrsbd Hi
 Aim Juwriwii.
 tOt.’.Vts MM-
 The hfessmy they csyoy. tbr fi.yr they T%n
 wwW, atsd hwr (svyses** fcr omhrtwf mm aUb
 tmtamm, wiM tmm tbr lAwww ml m ms* &lt;4 artsclaa.
 KLr-iNrWtVEIICkr.
 Who dnrw s*4 ha« ***4d tsK st,rrs
 asasdmsisly, to rwh.vsis hm sutural power.,
 (TV*hr housed hrttt* ami msec (U|yw f To such,
 such ssmdsw will lat a mounter aud tcxUamk.
 TFKMM— Mivas taLit iw adtaura*—t&gt;.NF. |H&gt;I L.
 Alt A YEAR
 "UMBTJW U bs Journal aid hw
 scat ORA 1 l», atari* ihsrmJ.
 To receive aiieatmu. letters ami order* o wsi km
 POMT-FAIO, am) d**c tad h&gt;
 fOWLEB it MTRU-S.
 N*. 131. mwuu 3t. r N««
"
