"P o c t ty.
From the Stawlanl.
 TERSfcS,
 OerAskmrd hv the *mo..fe of JMrpfcru
 free colored man, who w** to Irnffth
 «*d i.npruoam-nt byaJ-fe* co««ty t
 Maryfeud, fw h»*»»»iT Anti-Slavery print*
 a publication* in hi» po*w*»h**:
 f) l( j, tyrant*, Hi*’ your dnogeou# deep,
 And arch tlte lonesome dwelling o’er
 PfV on the detta the I a* t resaw I keep.
 With mMn will* and inn door;
 TVne in the murky depth* confined,
 Though your devoted victim* lie.
 Know, looW, ye have not power to hind
 A eoul determined to be free.
 The Voice of Liberty can thrill
 Along the divmal vault* licurwth,
 And teach the nnrmi'joeralile will
 To laugh at fetter*, him!*, and dentb.
 Bpnrn the dull clod tliat C-eU your |*ow*-r,
 Anl in afflicting diinncc lie»,
 And antedate tl*e fated hour,
 Which give* it entrance to the skies.
 Nat (*r self-murder would I plead,—
 I, it- i« the glorious gift of Heaven;
 My aoul alihors the Atheist creed
 That o’er that life man power IvUk given;
 Y'et pitv eltini* my falling tear,
 When the poor captive or the *Lavr,
 Driven to tnaihien by despair,
 Seek* for deliverance in the grave*
 If on 4he bloody I Kittle-field
 Where Liberty erect* it* *hrite&gt;
 The soil a laurel wreath ran yield,
 The patriot hero’* brow to twine,
 Sorely the dongcfin red with gore
 For him a leaf or two may Ixw,
 Wlk» did on Freedom’* altar pour
 lli* life a free-will offering there.
 Ay on that hiood-lwvlnbhfed floor,
 Anotlicr grain of hope is K'iwii,
 One added to the million* niort',
 O’er the \vi Ic world so lavish slrown,
 And *piril-watc|ier» come and lend
 Witli loving care lis- precious trust,
 Unseen tlic spreading root* eatend,
 Though trodden yet beneath tlie du*t.
 Cell, giMiet, rack, or tented field,
 'Pile corpse-crammed I wench, or battle pLiin,
 licre’er tile patriot’* blood is spilled,
 One drop is never spilt in vain;
 Wlmw sacred sjKits still hovering near,
 Those scones of suffering or of fight,
 There spirit champions com- to cheer
 Fresh struggfers for tlie truth and right.
 Dig, tyrant*, dig! more dun'eons deep,
 Ami Isold more gilibets, high and strong;
 Yet vengeance will not always sleep,
 Nor justice ever suffer wrong.
 Patience must surely fail at length,
 Wailing for tights t&lt;»o lung withstood,
 And maddened suffering taught its strength,
 W i|s*out the fearful score in blood.
 JAMES STILLMAN.
 THE DESERTED HOMESTEAD.
 Tliere is a lonely homestead
 In a green and c|iiict vale,
 W »tl» its tall tree* siglting m juriifnlly
 To every passing gale;
 There arc many ruins round it,
 In ilte sunlight gleaming fair,
 Hut moss-grown is that sylvan cot,
 Its walls are gray and bare.
 liere once glad voices sounded,
 Of children in their mirth,
 No whis|ier Ihculvh tlie sulitudo
 Of tliiit deserted hearth.
 Tlie swallow ft* an its dwelling,
 'l*o the low eve hath flown,
 And all night long tlie whip-poor-will
 Sings by the threshold stone.
 No hand above ’be lattice,
 Ties up the trailing vines;
 And through tlie lirokeii casement |sines
 Tin; moon at midnight shines;
 And many a stolen shadow
 Seems standing from tin; gloom,
 Like forms of long deprted ones,
 Peopling that dim old room.
 fill! wliere are those whoso voices
 Rang out o’er hill and dale!
 Hone!—and their mournful memories
 Seem but an old-told talc.
 Some to the ipiiet churchyard,
 Ah I some beyond the sea,
 To meet no more as once limy met
 Beneath that old roof-tree.
 fame and ambition lured tlieui
 From that green vale to roam,
 hill as their ita7.7.ling dreams di-|K«i l,
 Regretful memories cons;—
 Of the valley and lire homestead,
 Of their childhood pure and free,
 'J ill each worn-weary spirit yearns
 Tliat home once more to sue.
 Oh! blest are they who linger
 Mid old familiar things—
 Where every obje-t round the heart
 lu hallowed jnlluence fling*;
 Though won are wealth and honors,
 Though reached fame’s lofty dome,
 There are no joy* like those that spring
 Within ou r childhood's home.
 WOMAN’S RKIHTS DEFENDED.
 BY A lUI.NU LAUt OF SIIUEI.
 We Itonor your effort*, your high, lofty spirit*,
 e ifeem th.it your course is Isith noble and right,
 And thv warm *st of thanks full well do vn* merit.
 For di-fen ting yisir sex from tliis slavery blight;
 I oo long have you slutultcred in this degradation,
 «&lt;*i long have mhi I lent ’isath o|«pnssi&lt;Hi's dire rod;
 Amuse, then, ye women, Is- those ’mid a nation,
 ho glory in worshipping Liberty's God.
 Oh, do not «tan I idle while this is portending!
 A nation awaits the result „f your cause—
 A woril stand* am ,7.“ d at tlie conflict impending,
 And Freedom assert* equal rig-,,. t e Lws
 Anti now is lit; time, ye high-minded women
 To rally the laggards, and assert your own claims;
 Now i* the moment—unfurl high your U„ IIM r
 And to |s»sti‘rily glori-m&gt; luiues.
 We h ave read the Report of your woman’s Conven
 tion,
 Ami (lueut it a sign which oor fe.|« should inspire,
 'Phal women can freely nwke km&gt;wn tbv ir intention
 Of amending tin- taw* which our people aduiiir-
 The i Mill posh it onward—this high undertaking,
 Nor slacken vour lalwr till virony’s won—
 Ne’er stop in yoor course till tin- work is coni]dried,
 Ami the last crowning stroke to your effort is dour.
 ?*outh Bristol, Aug- ISIS.
 the philosophy of EIFE.
 Short the hour fiu Ua»r ur »H&gt;
 Ke.-p thy hand ujsm tin* plough:
 Toil must neither dream nor weep—
 Harvest come* liy sweat tf brow.
 Ever look toward the lifht;
 I arry th *i no fi ien'l to greet j
 W df il *l*»p i* wakeless night;
 Earn-*! a&lt; t ha* tireless feet.
 Scan u for ever—jCuchers find,
 A»k forever—askef* win:
 &lt;inly luy ejrc is blind;
 Want of will alone ii lot
detections.
A MOVING INCIDENT.
 The hero of' this adventure is ai
 amateur poet, living on his pat riot isn
 more than by his talents, and known b;
 some works in good taste, and the on
 ginaiity of his character, the distinctive
 sign of which is an habitual absence o
 mind, which sometimes gets him inti
 great difficulty. Though his name be
 longs to the literary public, he may bt
 designated as Raymond.
 On the ‘loth of July, towards noon
 his porter entered his room, the receip
 for the reut in his hand, after the man
 ner of porters who are four times t
 year advanced to the dignity of receiv
 ers of rents. Our poet did not shan
 the opinion of the more advanced so
 i cialists who pique themselves on tramp
 ling under foot the privileges of prop
 erty, neither was he one of those who
 on accourtf of the general embarrass
 inent of affairs, dispense with paying
 their debts, on account of the deft
 j ciency of their means. The roonej
 was in his drawer, and he settled the
 bill without the least hesitation. Aftei
 having counted and pocketed the sum
 the porter, instead of retiring, remainct
 standing, and cast about him an aston
 ished look.
 What do you want? asked Ray
 mond.
 Your pardon, sir,” replied the por
 ter; but it seems to me that you hav&lt;
 not begun your moving, and the persoi
 who takes your place is just coming ir
 with his furniture. He has a right t&lt;
 take possession at 12, you know, and i
 is now half-past 11.°
 At these words the poet gave a groan
 struck his forehead, seized his hat, auc
 went out in all haste. He had simplj
 forgotten the notice he had given of hi:
 intention to move, .and the necessity o
 seeking a new lodging, so thathcfounc
 himself entirely unprovided, and will
 only half an hour’s delay.
 After having taken a few steps dowr
 the street, he reflected that half an houi
 was not sufficient for all he had to do,
 and that it was necessary for him tc
 take energetic measures; so he cote
 eluded to take away his furniture in the
 first place, and then seek somewhere tc
 put it. Just then, by one of those hap
 py chances which almost always come
 in aid of the careless, he saw an empty
 moving-wagon pass. This saved him
 the trouble of seeking one. The drivei
 placed himself at his orders, went up
 to his room, and in order to settle the
 price of the transport according to the
 distance, asked in what quarter, in
 what street the furniture should be car
 ried.
 I do not know,” replied Raymond.
 I pay you by the hour, and for the
 rest of the day.”
 This was entirely a new system of
 moving, hut had nothing impracticable
 in it. The driver fixed his price, which
 was accepted without disputing, and the
 work went on bravely. The furniture,
 which was not in great abundance, was
 soon loaded, and the procession moved
 off. The wagon took the direction of
 the horse’s head. The poet marched a
 few step 3 in front, his nose in the air,
 examining the houses, and spying out
 the notices of “To Let.” At the end
 of ten minutes, he made his first visit to
 an apartment, which did not suit him.
 The procession resumed its march, at a
 slow pace, to slop again, soon, without
 any more success. The journey con
 tinued in the same way, interrupted by
 frequent halts. The poet was difficult
 in the choice of his a| a-tment. They
 were too large or too small, too low in
 the story or too high up stairs, too high
 priced, or not well arranged. Nothing
 suited him, and he kept looking for a
 better home.
 After a whole day spent in this labo
 rious investigation, the horse was get
 ting exhausted, and Raymond, who had
 travelled several leagues in the streets
 of Paris, and mounted several miles of
 staircase in his examination of rooms,
 worn down by fatigue, overcome with
 ennui and discouragement, resolved to
 make an end, and at his last halt fixed
 his choice on a lodging which suited him
 still less than the others, and which
 united all the inconveniencies to which
 he would not accommodate himself se
 parately. The hour of hesitation had
 however passed, and he was like the
 young lady in the fable, who, while
 young and flattered, refused all offers,
 under the slightest pretences, and for
 the smallest defects, and finished, when
 i age arrived, by marrying a poor fellow.
 The bargain was soon concluded,
 and after agreeing upon the price, the
 I poet made haste to unload his furniture
 and then refresh himself and recover
 from the fatigues and labors of the day,
 he mounted his cabriolet and drove to
 flic Palais Royal, where he went to dine
 at the best restorators, and thence,wish
 ing to spend his evening gaily, he went
 to the ball Mabille, where the polkers
 of the night before continued their ex
 ercises, and where the queens of the
 Inst summer still wore proudly their ti
 tles in spite of revolutions.
 Ou leaving the ball champetrc, about
 eleven in the evening, Raymond took
 the road to his old dwelling. Habit is
 an oirstinate guide, and many persons
 fall into a similar mistake, on first going
 home after a change of lodging. The
 p.M't recollected himself just as he raised
 the knocker of the outside door.
 How thoughtless!” said ho to him
 self, t* 1 had forgotten that I do not
 live here. Hut,” continued he, chang
 ing coountcnaucc, “Where do I lodge
 now
 1 his question, addressed to his mcm
 ory, remained unausvtcr.'d; he iu vain
 turned round and called up recollec
 tions. Iha poor fellow did not know
 where he lived. It was the consequence
 of his singular style of moving. He
 had driven all over Paris so many times,
 he hud so often changed his course, had
 visited so many apartments, that he had
 no means to bring back those he had
 taken to It is mind. Kvery thing was j
 contusion m fits head, and after vain
 efforts he went and claimed the hospi- 1
 tality ol a friend. The next day he
 renewed his attempts. He walked
 about Paris several hours, seeking in
 vain to find his last night's route, but it
 was useless.
 How should he get out of his embar-
 rnssment and recover bis lost homer
 The poet had not the resource of ad
 dressing liunsetf to the driver of the
 wagon, because he had employed one
he had met on hit tray. Nothing cairn
 to the assistance of bis defective mem
 ory. Bat poets have resource*, and tb&lt;
 following it the expedient suggested b;
 his knaginatioa.
 He went to the police office and ad
 dressing himself to one of the clerks
 said: Sir, 1 have come to you to de
 now nee a man who I am certain was o&lt;
 stranger to the last insurrection. Hu
 name is Raymond; he has written soon
 verses. Here ia bis card, on which ii
 his last address, but he moved on tbt
 15th of this month, and did not tel
 where he was going to live, not even t&lt;
 his porter, not even to himself," addet
 he silently.
 "This is a very suspicions affair,’
 said the clerk.
 1 thought yon might penetrate it,’
 said Raymond.
 j Undoubtedly we can; we are in tbi
 habit of finding people who hide them
 selves. We shall soon know the abode
 of this Mr. Raymond. Two days from
 now the thing will be done.”
 Look about then quickly, and you
 will not have lost your trouble.”
 The clerk wanted to know the name
 of the denunciator, but the poet evaded
 giving this information, alleging some
 good reason. Two days after, two day*
 passed at a furnished hotel, the poet re
 turned to the police office.
 "Ah well!” asked he. "Ah well,
 we have found him.” And the clerk
 showed his record on which was in
 scribed the new address of the poet.—
 "That is it,” said he; where was mj
 head?” But,” said the clerk, noth
 ing suspicious was found on the prem
 ises.” "I believe you, I am a most
 orderly person.” You?” "Ah yes,
 me, 1 am Raymond,” and the poet ex
 plained his motive and his stratagem.
 "Excuse my falsehood,” added he;
 hut if I had tedd you I did not know
 where I lived, you wouid have sent me
 to an insane asylum.”
 The clerk for a moment rubbed his
 brow, hut the singularity of the adven
 ture disarmed his anger, and the poel
 was let off with the slight inconven
 ience of having for two days passed foi
 an insurgent in the eye of the police
 But he was reinstated in his new!}
 hired home. He asked for nothing
 more.— Pains Correspondent Couriei
 des Etats Unis.
 SINGULAR DISCOVERY,
 A correspondent of the Buffalo Ex
 press, writing under date of June 14th,
 from Ontonagon, Lake Superior, says:
 "Mr. Knapp, of the Vulcan Mining
 Company, has lately made very singu
 lar discoveries here in working one ol
 the veins which he has found. He
 worked into an old cave which had been
 excavated centuries ago, This led them
 to look for other works of the same
 sort, and they have found a number ol
 sinks in the earth, which they have
 traced a long distance. By digging into
 these sinks, they find them to have been
 made by the hand of man. These cuts
 have been filled nearly to a level by
 the accumulation of soil, and we find
 trees of the largest growth standing in
 this gutter. Last week they dug down
 into a new place, and about 12 feet be
 low the surface found a mass of copper
 that will weigh from eight to ten tons.
 This piece ot copper is as clear and
 pure as a new cent; the upper surface
 lias been pounded clear and smooth.
 It appears that this mass of copper was
 taken from the bottom of a shall, at the
 depth of about 30 feet. In sinking this
 i shaft from where the mass now lies,
 they followed the course of the vein,
 which pitches consid rahly; this ena
 bles them to raise it as far as the hole
 came up with a slant. At the bottom
 of the shaft they found sticks of black
 oak, from eight to twelve inches in di
 ameter these sticks were charred
 through, as if burnt; they found large
 wooded wedges in the same situation.
 In this shaft they found a miner’s gad,
 and a narrow chisel made of copper.
 I do not know whether those copper
 tools are tempered or not, but their
 make displays good workmanship.—
 They have taken out more than a ton
 of cobble-stones, which have been used
 as mallets. These stones were nearly
 round, with a score cut around the cen
 tre, and look as if this score was cut
 for the purpose of putting a withe round
 a handle. The Chippewa Indians all
 say this work was never done by In
 dians. I suppose they will keep finding
 nfew wonders for some time yet, as it
 is hut a short time since they found the
 old mine. Mr. Knapp has found
 considerable silver during the past
 winter.” j
 What they think of t*s.—The
 Kentucky Examiner, remarking upon
 the efforts of the despots in the old
 world to wrest some of our peculiar
 institutions to their own purposes, says;
 Travellers tell us that the Despots"
 of Europe, w ith the view of frightening
 their people at the very name of Re
 publicanism, have their school-books
 decorated with pictures, in which the
 men of the United States are represented
 us standing, whip in hand, over the
 laborers, and driving them as slaves to
 their work!”
 ______ 1
 The New York Tribune thinks that
 one or both of the old political parties
 will be cither shamed or driven, by the
 Free Soil movement, into the true po
 sition on the slave question. There
 can be no chance for auy such thing, so
 long as they both have men pledged to
 the slave pow’er, for tbeir candidates
 for the Presidency, or defiend on that
 power lor success in sustaining their
 party schemes. Individuals from both
 the old parties will continue to come
 right on this question, and will swell
 the ranks of the Free Democracy, till,
 finally, there will be but two parties,’
 the party of Freedom and the party ot
 Slavery.—J/m. Spy.
 1
 100 I rue.—-It the beat man’* faults
 were written on his forehead, it would
 make hiiu pull his hat over his eye*.
 Rev. Sidney Smith, in speaking of
 the prosy nature of most sermons, raid,
 They are w ritten as if «iu was to be
 taken out of matt like Eta out ot* Adam,
 by putting him to sleep."
 Let woman bedecked with all em
 bed h.-dMueot* of art and nature; yet if
 bpidae** b to be read to her filer, it t
 blots out all the lines of beauty.
LETTER PROS &lt;sElf. TAYLOR.
 Tbe following is G«li. Ttflw’i lett«i
 lo tbe Independent Tiylor party tn Bil
 more, written aoan alter tbe adjourn
 ment of the Philadelphia Convention
 and just made public:
 Batoiv Rolge, Juae 19, l&amp;4ti
 Gentlemen: I have the honor to ae
 knowledge the receipt of your politi
 communication of the 13th mat., catling
 my attention to certain statement# ja
 lating to ay position before the cosntfi
 as a candidate for the Presidency, whirl
 are represented to have been made it
 the Whig National Convention, held a
 Philadelphia, pending the action ofthai
 body, by Judge Saunders ofLouiaiaim
 in the name of the delegation from tha:
 State, and requesting to be informed
 whether such statements were made b)
 my authority. 1 inform you, in reply,
 that on their way to that Convention,
 Judge Winchester and Saunders, of the
 Louisiana Delegation, who have beer
 for many years my personal friends and
 neighbors, wrote, requesting my views,
 before the meeting of the Convention,
 as to the course 1 desired my friends tc
 pursue in that body. In two communi
 cations addressed to them in reply, 1
 informed them in substance, that at my
 distance from the scene, it would be
 impossibleefor me to give any instruc
 tions upon the subject; that many ques
 tions or contingencies might arise dur
 ing the action of the Convention, the
 character of which I could not foretell,
 and that they must therefore assume the
 responsibility of acting for me; that I
 felt my honor and interests safe in theii
 hands; that whatever they should sec
 fit lo do, I would most cordially ap
 prove.
 I substantially informad them further,
 that unless they should discover an ev
 ident disposition to treat me uufairly,
 which I had no reason for supposing
 would be the case, I thought my friends
 should go into Convention, as they had
 not been selected by their fellow-citi
 zens for this purpose, but that having
 once entered, they were of course
 bouud, if I were not nominated, to sus
 tain and support the nominee, whoevei
 he might be; and 1 hoped they would
 do so, heart and soul; that I was a can
 didate for the Presidency only as far as
 my friends had chosen to make me.—
 But having been placed in iny preseul
 attitude toward that subject without any
 agency or act of my own, directly or
 indirectly, I did not feel myself at lib
 erty, by any such act, to withdraw my
 self; that iny friends, in whose hands 1
 had ever been, could do so whenever
 they should see fit; and finally, if they
 could succeed in electing to that office
 any one better qualified for its duty than
 I was, and who at the same time was
 honest, truthful and patriotic, it was
 their duty to go for him; and so far
 from being disappointed or mortified, I
 should hail the result with joy.
 Under the general authority thus
 given to these gentlemen, I shall deem
 whatever statements they may have
 made, to be ri"ht and proper; and con
 fident of their integrity, and in the
 sincerity of their friendship, I shall sus
 tain them without qualification. I there
 fore take upon my own shoulders the re
 sponsibility of the Louisiana Delegation
 in the Convention, and am prepared to
 stand by the consequences, in their
 length and breadth.
 I regret exceedingly that my friends
 in Baltimore whom you represent should
 thus misunderstand the course pursued
 by the Louisiana Delegation in Con
 vention, and should have imagined I
 had almndoned the position I held in
 my published letter on this subject
 I feel bound to respect the opinions
 of those who honestly differ from me;
 and while I feel conscious of no change
 of feeling or inconsistency on my part,
 I cannot expect or desire that any of my
 friends whom you represent, should do
 violence to their owu sense of right and
 wrong by supporting my election, while
 they believe l have changed iny politi
 cal views.
 I ask no man, be he Whig, or Dem
 ocrat, or Native American, for his vote.
 take every American citizen’s interest
 in the welfare of his country, to be as
 pure and deep as my own, and I have
 therefore no right, and certainly no de
 sire, to influence his action in the exer
 cise of the important duty of voting for
 officers of his government.
 With due respect, &amp;.c.,
 Z. TAYLOR.
 To Messrs. C. H. Pitts, J. W. Walker,
 T. H. Alexander, and others.
 Letter from Gen. Taylor.— Gen.
 Taylor has written the following letter
 to a Committee of a recent Whig meet
 ing in Auburn, N. Y.: i
 Baton Rouge, Aug. 12.
 Dear Sir: I take pleasure in ac
 knowledging the receipt of your letter
 of the 22d July, enclosing to me the
 resolutions adopted at a meeting of the
 Whig Young Men of Auburn.
 In these resolutions, I find terms of
 respect and confidence towards me, as
 highly gratifying as they were unex
 pected, and for which I desire to ex
 press my sincercst thanks to the Whigs
 of Auburn, who have thus flatteringly
 responded to my uomiuution.
 To yourself, sir, I return my best ac
 knowledgments for the kind terms with
 which you have acrompsnied the reso
 lutions,and for the gratifying assurance
 of the warm support of the Whigs of
 your city at the coming election.
 1 am, dear sir,
 With high respect,
 Your most obedient serv’t,
 Z. TAYLOR.
 A. J. Stevens, Esq., Secretary Rough
 and Ready Club, Auburn, N. Y.
 Gen. Tatloe a*» the Wilmot
 Proviso. The Matagorda (Texas)
 Tribune of the 23d of May, has the
 following emphatic paragraph with re
 spect to Gen. Taylor, and the expected
 benefit* of his election:
 It elected, our institutions —we
 apeak out— tlarery, will fall under the
 protection of his eagle-eye and his
 giant arm. Who does not know that
 that institution is in some shape or other
 under daily discussion in Congress,
 and at this moment tbe Southern mem
 bers are ilj at case in consequence of
 new und fearful movements being made
 in relation to it? The Old Nestor of
 the South, Mr. Calhoua, warns us that
 we are approaching a crisis, pregnant
 with danger, and that before bog we
 wtl] have to tod the mark.”
It.
Free Lakr
 MANUFACTURED by the Amenemm ftm Pro
 dmtr Afmnrnrimi, and far salt at N*. &gt;t,N&lt;wM
 Fstfc .irwt, Philmtetehfa:
 Manchester Cfeck* Aftom mtA Tm
 nitun-; Canton Flannel, dMUd; Mwßn
 wickk; Übb Madh far'liaißft, WMn avl colnnd;
 But! Cn Towels; IMt iM afcfa
 i Qxmm Lfi; L.«p Wick; Bd Tiekwg, tm n
 cdkat article; Calico, Stocking*, Ramin* Cotton,
 far. fae.
 Qnlcn far Good*, or letter? donnas infunaaoaa,
 1 may be adrfrruJ V&gt; 1. Milter McKia, SI, Nortl
 i Fifth-street; Ifanrl L. Miller, Teidntiwt; &lt;te to
 imam Mow, fk Ift, Chterifa Airy.
 A fane ami hmthiT awwrtaant of Print* boo
 ea band. jnl—tf
 AatJ-SUrfry Mee,
 No. 31, North Fifth Stmt, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of aati-darery publicatirm*
 is kept constantly oa band. Abo a haiataume
 variety of miscellnieoiM poUicatema, and useful
 aad Fancy Stationery
 All tetter* relating to the business of the ©face
 to be directed to S. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fito-rtrct t, Philadelphia. j*l—if
 FFR t\l) SILK BITS.
 FARRINCTOV PRICF, natrntf .™t
 denier in Fur and Silk Hat*, Cloth and Fur
 Cap*, Lulir* Furs and Trimainji l Buffalo Rules
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, far.,
 fae. fac., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 ft}* A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in aiinouoring to the public that they nave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to oilier the must satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to tliis market Sir a supply.
 They are also ofieriugoa the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper leather, Kip, Calf,
 ami Morocco Skin*, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, inr (tiding Lasts, Pegs, tec. Dealers will fini it
 gn-atly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing ebewliere.
 jy 19 SAGE PANCOST.
 BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Reticle, The North Rril
 ish Review, The Hes/minster Renew,
 and Bluckicood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine,
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately ou tlieir arrival by tlie British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on line white [taper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, liein g aif exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the Lmdoii OtKirterly are Tory; tin:
 “Edinliurgh Review” Whig; ami tlie Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. Tlie “North British Re
 view” in more of a religions character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Uhsdmers, ami now, sine*
 his death, lieing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hamm, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if scbsckihed FOR karly.)
 For any one of tlie four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For atiy three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood's Magazine, 3 00
 For Black wood ami tlie 3 lb-views, 9 00
 For Blackwood tin: 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all rases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the alsive works will I*
 scut to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—tin* fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British puMishers of
 BLtckwood’s Magazine secures to us curly slicets of
 tint work, by which we shall Iw able to place tlie
 entire nuniU-r in the hands of subserils-rs Is-fore any
 [Sirtiou of it can Is: reprinted in any of tin- American
 Journal*. For tliis and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may lie coui|ielled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early whik*
 tin- price is low.”
 Remittances and coiimninieations should lie always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to tlie publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 TO ft*'»iUi in nfm&gt;l. \g»w Vnrk
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 BY LYSANDER srOONER.
 Tlie Albany Patriot call* it—“A neat pamphlet of
 IOS —a very remarkable production.”
 Whether all the anticipation* of Mr. Sqooaer
 would Ik; realised by the full adoption of hi* theory,
 we do not here stop to enquire; but we heartily com
 mend hi* endeavor to tile notice of all who love a
 transparent forcible diet ion—intrepid inde[M a iidence
 original titonglit—and entire freedom from tl»e cant
 of aert nr party. Ae a judicial writer, lie has a ileptb,
 a compnss, far lieyond any one whose production*
 have UM t our eye in a long time.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’* Magazine says—‘‘lt alsmnds
 in bold and original thought*. The illegal causes of
 |M*verty are stated, and a sunder of important propo
 sitions ix-ating on the subject laid down; and,on tlic
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying
 affording as it does many valuable hints to tiie states*
 man and political economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette says—“ An aide ami certain
 ly original work, from the p**n of Lysander Spouuer,
 Esq. author of tliat powerful book which demon
 strates the unronstnationality of American Slavery.
 There is no writer of the age, of logical ac umen more
 searching than Spooner.,’ This new work is des
 tined to lead to a re-examination of all former sys
 tems of political economy.” At first blush his eco
 nomical propositions strike us as sustainable—and if
 they are so, his work will prevail, asd produce an
 important revolution in die present prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read iti”
 BELA MARSH, Publisiier, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
 r pIIE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 -1 MITY AN D TRUST CUMPANV of I’hila
 delptiia. CTwrUfcd in IMfi—(liutrr Perpetual;—
 Capital, ?9)0,(WU —Benjtimin W. Rirhanl*, Preni
 denl. tContinue* to make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities and emlow iwenls, ami accept trusts In mi he
 dividmls, corporate Indies, are I ciart* of iustiee,
 and event* them agrueahfy to the desire of the par
 ties, ami receue deposit* of money w trust or oa
 interest.
 The C-ougKuiy add a bonus at stated perish to
 the iusuranre Ibr life, aislon tls- 9Kh of January
 laM, an addition was mad to sftl the [sdicies tor life, j
 rentwiiing in force ami issued prior to January Ist,
 I#U, aim muting u* 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in issued in 1837; 7j per cent. «u policies
 issued in 1838, and ia rateable proportions accuntiug
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of aa insurance hr life is to pro
 vide a sum of aims at dm death of the party insur
 ed, 6&gt;c the benefit of a widow, children, friend* ur
 creditors; and it will be seen &lt;w examination of the
 talde of rates of the fife iiusranrr, which will be
 farsadusd by the suhstrilai to afl who may fed an
 interest ia the subject, that by pm mg a small sum to
 the office every rear daring hm life, a person any se
 rure to his fiundy a very n—atrrafdc s mount at his
 decease.
 U herever the system of Ufe insurance is properly
 mxfentood, h ia ntwirrlv adapted, ami its great
 advaotumes to all, hot more especially to dame who
 •lupeud us thru owa exert mu* for the support of their
 htmiliea, nr aha any be ifeurhm to start the pay*
 mewl of« sum of tminey to their friends, creditor* or
 children, at their decease, which they might he oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 *T mrm tmh hut to he as plained to ensure the seri*
 hi several imtsacas k has hrgiywimd that the patty
 lasuixj has died shortly after having paid only urns
 •r two iitsUbneaU of the premium, when his busih
 have received from this office the fii aumsmt for
 "tochhu hud fanned.
 r att oa this impwrtaat aukyset any hu
 'SLic;
 •gent of the Girard Life Insurance Company.
 WILLI AM BAKE WELL,
 Grant street, Puuhurgfc.
 POBEKT MORRIS, Jn Attorney and &lt;W
 Bract’* baddtog, km to Sura,
potr AMD WILL 18, Mhf* m Dr**, HrU
 tViaiali, Ihf Stwfc, Piwto, Vanish,
 Olli,Olwww,|lr«iii,&gt;nfawT. ftgiwtwhpf
 IWfc hH Viiiii UmmM) Artfat*’
 i BrwAea aad CWwt, Etfcmal Oil, Gold
 j Leaf ami Foil, Ac. Ac.
 Bmc Am Uvamn/i* Family
 aad valuable Patent Medicines, aad receiving (hr
 samedirectly fn*n the Manufacturer* or their Agents,
 thnr am enahfarf to »M avdsrs at a* ole— fa
 aad retail, oa the muat fa T brabfc mm.
 H.m.Mthir Medicine*, aad Family
 Cam, with Ml dncctam*. Ofafa agent* foe Wea*-
 an Km York. 7
 Alan, Sherwood's Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 •ill direct ion*.
 l&gt;M» i &lt;iaa; ala, Ethrrial Oil aad Uny, far
 wrakt *«we. Thaw who would a»an* ecrv
 ncaajr and OMiTrsimrr are invited to examine lime
 attention of CVfantrv Merchant*, Hit
 •■"“V. f **l other*, wishing pmlt in the
 r the APOTHECARIES'
 I HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 j oWmbis 7 cm binder!
 MChDt* T *r aesi aa—fate riiHm A nonaif.
 K. MORRIS was in the eapluy of Mr. M»rrw 1
 Mime ftw seven rear*, awl during that time
 procured for him three Sihtr Medals, fi*f the heit
 specimens of Rook Rinding, exhilutrd at the Me
 dmair*' Fain held in this rrty aad Ratfafa.
 (•entiemru’* l.il&gt;rarie* fitted np and repaired
 Ma«ic Paper ratal; Music aad I’erindirafa bound I
 and finidied to any [wttern. Rfauk Accuual Book* j
 executed at this e*iahli&gt;ltment hare given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durahility ami elegance. Strict
 attention fa a Kray* paid to the t|«alfty nf paper lined,
 to render them equal to tie krit in liie failed State* j
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and linrd Book*, A Raima aad
 P ortfolio*. in ad their varieties, ran no factored to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institution*, Societies, Ac., may lie
 assured of work bring done on the most advantageous
 term*.
 Gendemra residing at a distance, by packing aad
 forwarding voJaaies to the above direction*, stating
 price and style, may rely upon their being welt bo and
 on tlie moat favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually^returned.
 N.B. Tbs proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up the establishment, ami introducing into
 Western New York the latest hmiroveiiienu in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery’, under the Museum.
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents fiir tlie Paper Mills,
 where PtqxT of tlie Irst quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white ami sum sit It. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly lot
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots’.
 Any sire and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notiee.
 Printers awl others will do well to rail and exam
 ine tlie quality and priee, at No. fi Exchange *t.
 FIBIIER Co.
 jy2l Bookseller and Pul lislier*.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
 c lTa r k s o n,
 LONDONJEDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF TIIE SLAVE
 TRADE, wilh prefatory remarks on the subset pieut
 abolition of Slavery; a Uaut'rtul Linden edit ion,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, done on steel,—a
 l»ook which could not l&gt;e imported for less than three
 dollars, ran be liad at 21, Cnrnliill, if applied for
 iliunediutely, at llic very low price of Os K Doi.i.ah,
 cash. Also, EULOtnCM ON CLARKSON, by
 Ai.f.xaniikk Crumm £t.l. a at tlie reduced price ol
 twelve and a Iu»lf cents.
 MACON 11. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL Y\ II.SON, 10, Brattle Street, liaving
 made recent additions to his stock, is prepared to
 furnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 and fit, and at as cheap prices, as can be obtained in
 lire city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 58, Union Stkkkt, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 »{rcat variety of NWand Second Hand (nothing.
 Goods of all kinds, such as old e lot lies, W. I. goods,
 W ati lies, Boots and Shoes, kr., exchanged tor new
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods,
 from one to one Imndned dollars.
 TOHN I». REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 O ami Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blnckstonc-st.
 NEW BOOKS.
 Ij'Oß SALE at tlie Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Coruliill—namely,
 I lie l.ilieity Beil tor 1848. A lew copies remain.
 Life of \V ifliain Brown, 2d Edition, w ith addi
 tional matter ami new engravings. Price, hound,
 37J ets; in pa|&gt;er elvers, 25 cts.
 Mr. Shackford’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 12£ cts.
 Position ami Duties of tlie North, with regard to
 Slavery By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 cU.
 Six Months at Gracfcnlicrg. By Henry C. Wright.
 •jf 1,00.
 Dick Crowningsliield, tlie assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; tlie Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cl*, single; 25
 cts. per dozen.
 'THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street,
 A sign of the Golden Ball. New and Second
 hand Clothing Store.
 ISAAC H. SNOWDEN, Book, New spaper, and
 1 Fancy Job Printer, I|, Water Street.
 &amp;jr All orders promptly attended to, and neatly
 executed.
 The Massachusetts Quarterly Review,
 /COMMENCED on tlie first of Deremhcr, 1847,
 VV to lie continued mi the Ist of March. June, ami
 and September. It will he devoted to tlie interest
 of no party or class, Imt its conductors w ill endea
 vor to preseul an o(ieu and (air liekl for tlie notice
 and discussion of mutters pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politic#, Literature, Religion, ami Humanity.
 The Review will Is- conducted by R. \v. Emer
 son, The&lt;*k«e Parker, ami J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number will contain aba ait 125 pages, at the
 price of £3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subscription, kc. should be
 addressed to the PuMisiiers,
 COOLIDGE WILEY,
 13, Water Street, Boston.
HEW I'ORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW OOOl&gt;ri juM recitd. (juut-ral redaction
 in prirfi.
 Fine 4-4 Print*, farina. style*.
 it)lu of Print* uf netliuHi finality, usual width. j
 Fiim; hi*l wiiie Paper Mu-Ini*. Alsu Colored
 (&gt;'»whrir».
 CurUni Calico. Hnperioc fine CkinU l mlweiUs.
 Oil Cloth*.
 Satinet*, good ami cheap. Also on hand, mostly at■
 reduced prices, (iuighauu, various imulilicm awl
 style*.
 Fine ami heavy .Shining, Sheeting*, awl
 Muhlmm.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-1 Plaid Madia.
 Musliii &lt;le Laine, plain ai*i neatly figured, aU wool.
 Linen*, warranted free from rot urn.
 f lunaela 4-4 pmi and price lour. Canton Hamate,
 white awl colored.
 Talde Dwper awl Cloth., of .liferent style*.
 Apron and Fur inline Check. Cottai I lawlkerehief*.
 Twilled Pantakioa Stuffs. AUo Linen!
 IH.llohe, hr.
 If"* H-nn, tor and heavy,
 feuttwc Cottan, varnnw Non., hlcaeM, ta*«a,awt
 cuhued.
 o *J*‘ e colored Cation Laps. AUo,
 nenwil Lnf, Crashed, and Pulverised Sugar.
 i*"" 1 'Hm; «f various grade*.
 *7* vtoefc exclusively Free lalnr to**!*,
 to which the Hubanrifcnr would invite the itllPfH KN|
 of country sserchaaSs, as well as hat friends and the
 puUtc fMa-rwhy.
 Mach pain* take* by the Manager* of the Finn
 Association, to assist the Sabscrifaer In eu
 »w»e the assortment front tins to time.
 OKORtfE W. TAYLOR,
 n N *f corner Fifth and Cherry-ats.
 nnUrlelpius Id am. Ist, l»4». tf 7
 JCST PUBLISHED, awlfar sale at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 of Ldwrty, and Faroe of Truth, ||fr
 edition.
 Thj* work eontains alwut 230 pages of duse
 muflß; ant eminent aafWitirs, and about sixty
 ■Hutfmtve engravings. Price 27| ets. in ataslia*,
 awl 25 deals in paper coven. A vtay hU-ntl dts
 owni to ibove who jxwrhase a witaU-r of euuies.
 The f'naditina, Inffaenrr. Right*. and Appeal of
 W utaea, from various authors, 12| ceau.
 Lower In dw People of ih» tawed Mantes, touching
 *»»*«■«dSave*y. By Thowdure Partar!—
 pp- 120. Price 184 cents.
 B «yy&gt; «W FeataU A
 Soaety of Saint, Man. Kanorteff by H M.
 1 arkhuot, Button.—pp. 23 rrkO mp,
FIIUP A. WHITE, DniiK, eancr of Fnu*
 fartadUuUSucel.
 lITILIJAM 9. POWELL, Bmi ikff’a Home, 61,
 Cfcmy Sum.
 JJR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, M, W«* Brand.
 rJI.N.MXCS, Swfn»-l&gt;mift 185, IVarth
 Broadway.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot aad Shorn Maker,
 Craahrry Street, Breofcfyn.
 H.l». Repaint* araHr neratrd at ike ihoOnt
 totmm aad oa the moat rnnamwUi tma,
 WM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, M Broad
 war. Aim an eatetwire aaaavtaacal of Crweata,
 Stork*, Hneirr, tilnre*, kr.
 Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
 GEJfTEEL BOARBniC ROUSE.
 pHARI.ES HR JUGATE, wuwlil reepeetfiaff? ia
 vAfcrm hi* (rirwh and tkr pnMir, tlntjw mMiian
 to drtBe f*m attention In thmr plraml to furor
 Ina bnne” w rth a nil. IV buna ia phaaaaitj
 located at 60 Broadway, Akaw.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
 RICH, Hair Drewing anti Rathuac.
 Salon, Tn.y llnwe, Troy, .New York.
 \VIUJAV B. UXIA&gt;, Dealer ia Faahion.it&gt;trr
 r ll*mtn ami Shoe*, 80, hwlan Street, New
 Brdfarrt.
 W. 11. L. keep* etMwtaathr oa haad a mod anntt
 aad a ill *rtl rkap Uw nak. Strict atw-ittM*.
 custom-made work, l»y Mrnu. Parker am.l
 TITASHINGTON’S Dajrarrrian Gallery, 13t&gt;,.
 »f Main Street, KetVpg’* Baildtafa, Hartford,
 Coanecticat.
KORm*PTON_WATER CURE,
 T„_ EleclrlHtr Hydropathy.
 HF. pwhirc are respectfully iafcnaed. ik*i iIM
 Uie philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 M«*m, of Emory College, Ga., ami the? srwntiio
 experiments of Mr. Ilcmmer of England,* lure'
 rrrently ami indubitably established the far l, tUr
 thr roneltisinn* at which the undersigned nrriinl by
 the wn.*c of lunch. in 1844, iff in hinviovnr with*
 natural ami physiological law*—to «h, tlrut the
 himmn Imdy, in a healthy condition, rr in a fmnhx*
 fit tine til tlutt, ami that' the electrical rmaiaitiona
 from the rutirular surface, indirate iiralth, or tin
 symptoms aad character of disease—there ia souwr
 reaw&gt;»« to hop,-, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge of
 which is essential to tin* safe and intelligent practice
 of the In-altiig art, will reuse their rocilcralionn
 against the positive electrical, state of the
 Inrnian Imdy, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaint*,
 front seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Ctrir. Tima snstainrd by the light
 itf science, the umtersigned may l-c permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases wliere tlie
 wrist, stoinarh, or Inngs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On I lie oilier hand, when tlie parts
 of tlw hotly alluded to, are in the electro-punitive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the resalts of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 liiliicss of the principles hy which the iimtersigiieil lit
 governed, in delecting the symptoms anti character
 of disease, ami practising the cure, die recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, liv Frnfrssor
 Means ami Mr. Ilcmmer, coulal not fail to convince
 the most incretlokios.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generonsfy
 a w anted for his success as a Hydropathic I’rarli-
 I inner, by a discerning pul dir, ami the gratitmlo
 evinced by those whom he has had the plrasurr to
 tvlieve of their complaints, lire undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, mid meirt
 tliat gr.ititmlo, in tlie east? of every invalid wlm map
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, U Ins
 original ami philosophical method of practice.
 I Ik? Northampton \V ater nrc is pleasantly situ
 ated near llensonvilie, on the nest hank of lacking
 Water, or Mill Hivcr, a I suit two ami a half miks
 fioui tlie crude of tlie town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing ami dress
 ing-rooms, for l-adies and Gentlemen, well rentil
 aterl and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 I a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, lor
 abundance, purity, ami adaptedne** to waler-cuiu
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picturesque ami romantic. There arc a
 varu ty of pleasant yvalks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure (Nitients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles’ without
 iM’injJ \|x&gt;M &lt;l to public gsaii* or olmTulion.
 Among the complaints which an- hi re &lt;nnrcssfnlTv
 treated, are Inwdaelie, tendem-y of blood to the hemi,
 Cold extremities, general and nervous debility, 1*,,,,,
 ehitis, pnlmomiry affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute ih- chronic inflammation of tlie Imwels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility nervous and spinal
 .illii in ms, inflammatory and chronic rheiimatisin,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limit*, paralysis, levers, salt
 rheum, i&lt;&lt;‘roltiltami erysipelas humor
 All patients who visit this establishment for 4
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves wiili
 three romfertablos, three wmdlen blankets, one r
 two linen and Uiree ei.tton sheets, two pillow case*
 six or eight crash towels, soon- well worn lim u, to
 cut hT fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an urn
 ore I la, ami a pair of slipper*.
 for T a,n t «ml hoard are *5 50 to
 f 8 ®9 per week, payable weekly-washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tin character of his
 einopbint Memos a room alone on tin- third floor,
 wdl pay per week—on tin- first ami second
 (hairs, tH 50 per week. Patients reqn.ring extra
 attention or lire m their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses ami fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 AWnwm. M ISO. D BDWH
 N.B, Vi.iUrf. l„ the CmUIAm, f ro lk
 east, wrest nr south, eau take tlie cars of tlie &lt;Ollll.
 Kiver Railroad at Springfield. Carriage, will
 sSr*
 1 h ,,n n blomi, in a normal amf healthy eon
 dit.on of tin- human system, is in* positive slat.,
 who h is constantly rnaintaim-il hy the activity of the
 generating sources excess generally pass
 '"5 °5 'i' C rr m ,b&lt;; •«rfaee, so u.at
 out 3sh experiments made by Mr. Ilcmmer of
 England, ti|nm the “uncovered skin," M 2 imlirale.l
 tin- presruce of ,s,*,t,ve eketrieity. This surplus;,**
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to hTindi.
 I leasable U&gt; the In-akbfal comlition of the wlmle
 animal economy, ami that when, from any came is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action
 wZSrS'i?'”* t *s r Adieus of
 ft’ Opening of ,u annual mssnai, Ssv.
 (VmirlrrLrf A.M.,K.D., Professor of
 r#^**M of Physical
 react, in Lmory oJlrge. Ga.. none M 7
ATHOL WATER CTRE.
 TMIK Sirfwrrihrr fags k,,re to «,H tfc,. »w nit M
 I ■•••Wb, «**p« ially Mffltriajj f r „m
 to u»
 Hi. W wu, «p„*rf f &lt;&gt;r thl of p, 4 ,u„U
 »**l believed offer* firctlt iu ferili.
 and owrx- in hvdu*
 P Mfl y- »**e ™pr*y water i* abundant, uwl in
 'r*H (wwMim’cd tipt* I i&lt;&gt; water on
 d»»lilU*d.” Jhr location m &lt;(wile riigililr, being but
 a wni dirtaore fr..in tb* V. M. railroad. TL*
 vi«-ioii&gt; abound* in a variety of kwti, ioI h*«
 &lt;Wmiug ktmmiU *»r walk. aiaj r—lh*. So that
 nrilh tlie water, ••iiial&gt;l&lt;- rriiiiißo, nuMmuin air, ar«i
 earrcMe, pul lent* ran rrarrrlv hil to obtain the
 braltiifu) ri suiu Cur wlimli they ialaar.
 The ftllow in* raw: illuotraira ihia remark Mr*
 B-, wife lb*. B. t of Warwick, Min', aged
 Bbotrt Unriydiao year., waa Imamhc to me Ut
 Awgiwt. IW r .»r prevented the Cowing
 mrna. an «rm noehioa, and U ft ,m
 ha,* Mhnetwwd ,bo
 a "T*** l l aht ma-lr an
 J^jrJSaTT.tT*- fcrw^d.
 T &lt;7 to ,ke tr«y. wonld er„ M ike
 .Miarr. »»w had been u, omditam marly a
 year. Her treatment commenced (he Ifich ,rf .vfit.,
 S? rC.?* 1 «-*r, when .ho
 mU&gt;b oalk hah a
 lirovouMd lo her health. Bha nan Hte..uL her
 *-i“-nce of a .mail
 yw wmaned to lain; three cwmfertaMi*.
 TZ hh-hM-Tnrw pair of .hr*tr&gt;
 h»»«4i marked, with nkl Karo far
 W V* dollar* per week, nwr'l.
 .j? U *tst*mitie* or chon* of the patient*.
 1 w loaa partietLr in the aeWtion &gt;4
 &lt;&lt;r Wißinj to umaiv then, in common
 wii h. Aar*edfeT
 March, I*4*l. UKORUK MOVT.
 THE DELAWARE ABOMTIORIST.
 A PAPER of above aaiae «iU be uoUftia* at
 Wihautftnn, hjr the Ihrhaare
 lt will he milled hjr b Committee, and a iH
 he paMtihtnl ua a half awdinm ahert, at twenty-h*e
 •Bwlape year,«r hr timaty hwißhnn. It
 Mr»ot*d to eimaarigaithni in Delaware, and will ad.
 Vucate tie accomohahmeat by all hwlM meane- It
 will he poUfaheil M-nu-moaudy, if neiu m«
 forded, »r at often the taeam eaa he ehlainml.
 JAMES H. BROOKE
 A|p-«
"
