"Notices.
Rhode I it) and ,\»li.Slmrry Roclrtr
 Annnnl HwtiM
 The thirteenth animat meeting of th"' Bh'*dt
 Ulan.! AnU-Slavetg Society. roll h W ,H
 Providence, on Wednesday and Thursday,
 November Ifrth. sml |WH,
 Thu usual effort be mule lo secure the
 attendance of distinguish'd friends «*f «manri.
 jutiixt from abroad, it i# confidentially
 -d that the meeting will U* rendered inter
 esting lo all who may he present.
 i &gt;ur earnest appeal l«* all «l*«‘ ft mods of Lib
 ert) i» Rlmhj Inland m. Unit they will ones
 again hul to u* ami lo the i-uina, thoir pH."
 t;*oce, their warm sympathies ami their gmmr
 i)u» efforts. 'l*hu. wiivly i* not a itino whnr
 tho PimiMri of our cause in this Stato—th*
 f.imrot and true men and women of the hnmi
 of Roger Williams should filler in their work
 &lt;»r la 'k filth in the ultimate triumph of thcil
 doctnnn*. The fire* which have boon kunlcd,
 add which aro now bursting forth, ever
 mnoijthl tho old and long enslaved artd slave
 shattered jMilitieal parties, should he kept
 burning; and enquirers for the trulh should
 b.' [M.inted to a higher duty and a more glori
 ons purpose. I&lt;ei us come together, then
 wiili w arm and determined hearts, and taking
 courage fro n the past, resolve agon to prusi
 forward with renewed seal and a closer fnond
 ship for our eannp, to the priae so dear lu us
 and so full of joy to the enslaved.
 In behalf of thu Rhode Island Anti Slavery
 Society,
 JOHN BROWN, President,
 Amarancy I’aisk, Secretary.
 Providcnee, R Oet. *J. I*4*.
 rm niHtH’s jrmi.tr. cllf.ii it a*
 TIOM.
 'Hie Colored Freemen of Central New
 York, will commemorate the day which gave
 Freedom lo 800,000 human beings in the
 jlr.n&gt;l» West India Isles, at Auburn, N. A*.,
 on lb -Ut of \ugiist uoxt. And at the same
 time they will remember with gratitude the
 recent Fienen demoostrsuon of 4 Liberty,
 F, quality, Fiaternity.
 Bv ord r of ilie Committee,
 (rII.RKRT COOLSV,
 Sof.OVON Dkman,
 J. W. Qrijrcv,
 J teen Jordon,
 Kiuvahi* Wklls.
 Krnm tin- M«»*l«-t W m kiT.
 Letter from Lerrlt Smith.
 Pktf.khoro, (Vt. il, 1818
 7&lt;» Ihr I'Jitor of (h&lt; Ham* Horn.
 1 hate, tins moment, read the leading edit
 orial in vour paper of ‘J'.M ultimo. Aeeept
 mv thank* toi the very kind terms in which
 it speaks of me.
 I am requested by yon—-Ist, to solieit my
 friends to withdraw my nomination—'id, to
 vote for Mr. an Boron.
 Thai you aie a colored man, and that your
 piper is devoted to the welfare id' your op
 pressed race, do indeed make me. the more
 ready t show inspect to these requests.
 Nevertheless, I can ohev neither of them. In
 regard to one of them, 1 have lint to say. that
 ma-ttmeh as niv former petitions for the with
 draw \l of mv nommatioii were utterly vain,
 1 .'m indulge no liopo that a repetition nt
 them would he attended with success. In
 lospe t to the other, 1 would say, that, whilst
 mv p rsoti.il relations with Mr. an Buren
 li n e never !*een otherwise than agreeable ttml
 liiemlly—tli.il whilst my business transaction*
 with lom have been ehaiaetensed on h'S pail,
 with justice and hberaluy—and that, whilst 1
 have always ascribed to him very great intel
 lectual ability—l must, nevertheless, duckin'
 \mine for him. I would, moreover, sav, thai
 Mr. Van Huron's position in respect to t!i«
 extension nfalaveiy, ts infinitely pre tern Me t«
 that of (ion. (’ass or (ion. Taylor and ili.it
 they who pass by him to vole for them, give
 very poor evidence of Iming themselves op
 posed to the extrusion of slavery.
 Oi 1 would Invo thought that it were quite
 superdnous to explain to a colored man why
 l eannol vote for Mr. Van lhnen. It how
 ever. seems lo me that it is not and hence
 1 proc &gt;od to say. that Mr. Van Boren, lot
 aught I know hitlers not essentially from the
 m iss ot Ins countrymen iu his views and treat
 m'nt of colored people. He is making m
 elfins to deliver them from slavery, or to ob
 tain the acknowledgement of their right t«
 participate in the choice of their rulers, or t«
 expo! from the public heart that diabolical am
 in.microns prejudice which donies to the col
 orod person his equal rig In hi the school, i;:
 the house of worship, and in the. various pn
 \.J ges, benefits, and blessings of society—
 which, in short, denies him a place in tin
 human brotherhood. Indeed, am I not al
 liberty to sav. that Mr. Van Buren is huoscll
 a subject of this prejudice
 Now, these things being true, von cyrtMuly
 could not expect an impartial adtniuitUraiiot
 of the government at the hands of Mr. Vat
 Buren—an administration in which the colon*
 man would he regarded even ms the whiu
 man. And these things being true, you cor
 tainly could not roquest a e--hired min to d&lt;
 an act so warning in self-mspect and so self
 degrading, as to vote for hitu. Why, then
 should yon request me to vote (or him
 Think you, that because I am a white man.
 can consent to he guilty of doing such a deej
 wrong to your race* 1 MipjMised that yo»
 w ere aware that, with mo. all the varieties o
 the human family have equal rights; and tha
 to my heart tire colored man is as dear as any
 other man.
 I w 11 remember that oa a certain occasion,
 "hen \	un spun was rejoicing in my identifi
 cation with my colored brethren, vou ex
 c! um -I. “(ierrit S;nuh is a ro'om/ man!’* li
 pie .rat'd me. p'ltcqis Aatterod ux» to tie calleri
 s-r. But were I now to voie for tlnrse alic
 aequiiwet*, u-i. v\e;» take part m ihn |tMncri|&gt;-
 it tu and crushing of your tarn. I should fur
 leu the houorab.e and welcome uame whu'h
 o voi-h-1 to um'; and l should gi\e pr«s-l
 tl. tt, after all, lam hut a k uV- man. Be as
 n:r«sl th"! I esn n*\er consent to forfeit this
 name. Possibly there may ts- ht nr and tln'ro
 a &lt;*»k»re«J mil lost to Mi lf-r»&gt;j&gt;oct as to vote
 for |mmso«s who trample u|m« and .U'iqusc
 linn. Ij«‘t such, if they will, vote as white
 men. 1, t*.i the contrary, must »how bv try
 vote, that I a» still “a coAm-«v/ mail.”
 jlwicctfiillr &gt;ours.
 (iKRRI T SMITH.
 Bain's Niw Btwovrav.—Wu have bori
 shown a *jM-c«mi n ol wr.tjug which ha:
 |«cro uaark ot m&gt;-sn&gt; «&gt;l iL.n l'dectric C*»py
 iitg Tetagrapii, a new intcotimi by which
 jr rron at one end of a telegraph line, car
 transmit U&gt; mnotlK*!, an exact copy of s
 signature, a portmt. writing, drawing, oi
 anything of lire kmd.— l'bn disun xxkws o
 the writing »s quits gfW, and lb* dwoovon
 may Imj ajqdi &gt;d U* mauv u«-eful
 Mr. u«*w iit auJi? anxi
 oos to di-jsrst; «»f the U* form a
 psuiy.—J*y-
 jrp Hon- Wmltington llttnt.Taykirasem-
 Iv r &lt;if t lb«i ths Niagara sml
 t bicau*‘linnet, aay* m a Iciicr to bia cvn
 Ootdv admit that Mr. 'an Buren*s
 pr-'scoi |-»-ition is ealen’at* 1 to command oi r
 rt*»p«i. In Hit*advanced a c he has taken a
 H.,nd mi a groat principle, in d-fiance of parly
 imdkpaor. to couti-ntju ot &lt;lic»al dtcra-
 It,vi. It lsi the iHibuM act ol lus hie, ami ti
 »,i! b* vM-«cd «t fntiire times a* the bright
 oat feature bu» h*M&gt; ry
THE NORTH STAR.
iMfcinvsfEit, sto, ms.
 U- _#! t=ri===r
 The Presidential I. lection*.
 In view iif the vast am unt of meanness,
 deception ami duplicity which usually duuin
 gundi thimc who ate most prominently and
 actively engaged tn conducting these elections,
 it is not surprising or singular that nutty good
 j men look forward to their approach with a
 j horror not unlike that with which they c«&gt;n
 tctnplaus the ipprnwli at
 plague. Th&lt;*M- periods in the progress of the
 U 'puhlir, are regarded as times when men
 are at lilrrly to loose and sunder all the bonds
 and obligations of truth and honor, the faith*
 ful discharge of w hich is essential to the very
 existence of society. A* to moral and phi
 lanthropic movements, they arc either com
 jn'lled to aland still or retreat, so that the pro
 gress gamed by years of hard and e a meat
 toil, is often lust in the »h&lt;*rt spnee of a few
 weeks. {Doubtless many enter these cam
 paigns wiih an earnest d. sire to promote the
 well-being of society; but once fully sur
 rounded and entangled in the complicated
 mealies of a political party, honesty soon
 makes room for deceit, frankness gives place
 to conceal meat, and the desire to defeat Uie
 i opposing party usurps the ihwiro to benefit the
 country, and the whole becomes manifest in
 the srhumes, intrigues and gross falsehoods to
 which they rcsott. These seasons went as
 destructive to the moral grow th of society, as
 arc the desolating flames to the vegetation of
 the prairies. After the bewildering fury is
 •over, the campaign at an rnd, thousands
 1 strew the ground us mere w recks of men, w ith
 no heart to engage in philanthropic move
 ments, having lost all relish for what they re
 gard aneh insipid and ineffectual efforts.-
 What has commonly been the ease with re
 spect to former elections, we apprehend will
 bo the ease with the one now pending. It is
 broadly stamped with all the injurious and
 disgusting peculiarities which have marked
 and distinguished its predecessors. The coun
 try is transformed into one vast gambling os-
 J Uhlisliment. 'Hie corrupting sentiment that
 j all is (air m politics/' is in full operation,
 and is almost as destructive to public virtue as
 that infernal maxim, so universally adopted,
 our country right or wrong.*' The press,
 instead of bring the channel of unalloyed
 ttuth, is regarded as the prolific source of mis
 representation and falsehood, abounding in
 fraud, exaggerations and forgeries. Instead
 i of going to the papers for truths, they ahe
 sought for as the repository of lies. The
 popular car has been aud is so grossly abused,
 and the popular mind so distracted, that the
 people find it almost impossible to make up an
 intelligent judgment as to the men or the
 measures which the best good of their country
 and mankind at large requires them lo^upport.!
 It seems to l&gt;e the first business of a partisan
 press and designing pohuc.il orators, to pro
 mote distrust in the minds of their parties as
 to the truth of anything which may bo said
 against their party or candidates. When this
 is once established, the field of politics is as
 dark as the field of battle. After a few fires
 between hostile forces, a species of insanity
 seems to take possession, and all is Babel and
 chaos.
 In the midst of just this slate of things
 are a large number of the people of this coun
 try now. It has been solemnly affirmed by
 men in high places, that General Taylor is
 pledged against vetoing the Wiltnot Proviso,
 should he be oleeicd; and not a few persons,
 intelligent enough with respect to other things,
 are yet ignorant of the gross falsehood of the
 affirmation. On the other hand, we have
 again and again heard it affirmed that General
 f*ass is a real Free Soil man, and would in
 no event veto the ilinot Proviso; aud this is
 doubtless believed by many of the rank and
 file of the parly at the North, many of w hom
 are so completely the slaves of party as to
 continue to believe it, although the contrary
 w ere affitmed over the name of Gen Cass.—-
 And for this reason, they will fits! it more easy
 to believe their opponents to be tinrs„ than
 that their own candidate can do anything
 wrong. Lying between parties, is like tariffs
 betvvecu nations, which may be condemned as
 wrong in the abstract, though defended in a
 (tarty, when it is done to protect itself against
 the falsehoods of the other. The one Iks to
 neutralize the effect of the lies of the other.
 Between tl»e two, truth is crucified, and false
 hood glorified. Hour tneffihly disgusting is
 the fact, that while the South is going for
 1 Gen. Taylor on the avowed ground thai he
 J is opposed to the exclusion of slavery from
 California and Now Mexico, the North sup
 ports him for precisely the opposite reason
 ami the wicked old soul-driver secs the fraud
 lierpctnicd in las name, and is too mean and
 dishonest to expose it. lie is willing to go
 into the Presidential chair by vases w Inch he
 has the best evidence would not he given
 him if his real were known. In
 what we hare now said of the fraud of Gen.
 Taylor, we would not be understood as as
 suming that the leaders at the North who
 claim Gen. Taylor as a Free Soil man, be
 lieve one word they say, They ate 100 old.
 not to know that actions speak louJer than
 either words or silence. It would b a sorry
 compliment to their common sense to supg&gt;o»e
 that they really b.dicve Gen. Taylor the
 slaveholder—the Southerner—the warrior—
 -1 the swearer—the negro banter, and blood
 hound tm|H)rter, to he opposed to the exten
 sion of slavery. They eertaitily an not be-j
 lieve it, and must ho aware of the unwarrant
 ablenoss of the assumption. To attempt lh«*
 to deceive the paid..' mind on a point so vi
 tally important, and to deceive them into lLe
 support of a man who would uillmgljpffaM
 the (Wv soil-of Now Monro and i'ahfornia
 with the foul arid withering of slavery, l
 is a room- of rood net, in &lt;mr judgment. 4e-!
 serving no better epithet thnn that of the most f
 unmitigated villany.—r. n.
 ProoSlnvery Prr.
 Received of Mr. J.wph .Sswilmoj, Tenj
 r) r,t f«U :nv right a»d tula m a
 certain peu m St. Thomas'* ('hurrh, i»- 1
 eluding its stuffed back, sides, Ae. Tbr
 OOii4u.ua of" sake i*. Uul that ehurrh being
 pro slavery in its poMti.w and action, the sum
 of ten do'iars w as to be appropriated
 m ihe caustf **f the suff. nnp slave, to
 mg one of ua mud devoted sdvoraica, Fned
 enek DoughM- R- PI'IIVIS.
 Hon. David Wiuvi T bis Urea re-chated to
 by ois* ol the fteinots of Pennsyl
 vania. He had a majority of over g»m».
 4
I Ek.
 Tiie rout meanness of ihi g&amp;tk-
 MM ia cjifluding aJitllc girl from !Stfw*r&lt;l
 Siimrury off, accouijMf her color, ihm%| it
 fan attracted Tltltfe" tuwice oo the parl-«# the
 J j irrfl j n Rochester, has nevcrtbekws become
 I pretty generally known, ami aa generally by
 the prrw elsewhere rebuked. It baa been
 truly gratifying to observe the readiness with
 which the press has vindicated the rights ol
 an innocent child, as w till as execrated tb«
 meanness of sotil and hardness of heart, that
 could take pleasure in degrading euch a child.
 Mr. Warner edits a paper in this city, and
 we naturally supposed that be would vindi
 cate his conduct id the matter referred to in
 his paper. In this, however, we have been
 thus far mistaken cither fmm feelings of con
 tempt for us, or a sense of shame, or a convic
 tion that his conduct admits of no defence, hr
 has thus far remained silent. Whatever may be
 Ilia motive for remaining silent on the sub
 ject, all must confess tbo wisdom of tbu
 couiso, however much (hey may condemn hit
 folly in the first instance. We copy below
 fmm the Christian Contributor, ss a sample
 of many notices of the affair wbieh we hast
 found going the rounds of the press.—r. D.
 Prejudice against Color.—We are re
 ally ashamed of our sister, Rochester, that ii
 contains an individual, and especially an edi
 tor, who, m these enlightened days, Is so losi
 to all&gt; feelings of droenev, to say nothing ol
 humanity an IK. O/ Warner, editor of the
 Rochester Cowiier, From a letter addresser
 to him through the columns of the North Star,
 by Frederick Douglass, wc learn that Mr. D
 had made application to the preceptress 01
 Seward Seminary, in Rochester, for the ad
 mission of a daughter to its privileges, anr
 that the promise was first given that ah&lt;
 should be received to equal privileges will
 the other member* of the school. Soon
 however, the l*riiici|&gt;al stated that the “Trus
 tees*’ were unwilling that she should sit anc
 recite with the other scholars, and afterward:
 it was put to a vote in the school, by which
 it appeared that the scholars generally were
 willing that she should bo admitted as an
 equal. The matter was, however, referred
 bv the principal to the parents, who stated
 that it only one of them was opposed to hei
 reception, she should not be received. Only
 one, 11. G. Warner, Kofuire, refused appro-
 Iwtion, and the girl was consequently debarred
 from the school.
 We are pleased to learn that this conduct is
 not universal in Rochester, and that Seward
 Seminary has already lost several scholars in
 consequence; and aHsi, that Mr. Douglas*
 has found a place of instruction for his daugh
 ter, equal in advantages to Seward Seminary.
 Mr. Warner may now have all the honor ol
 the matter to himself, which, if we mistake
 not, will be the merited contempt of all good
 men.
 W. T. Catto.—Among the interesting per
 sons with whom we met during our visit to the
 City of Brotherly Love, and who deserve spe
 cial mention, was Rev. W.T.Catto, formerly
 of Charleston, South Carolina. We obtained
 from hiui an amount of quite valuable informa
 tion respecting the social condition of the col
 ored people in that city and Slate, some ol
 which we are now at liberty to divulge. Mr.
 Caito, being a mail of fine talents, was just
 such a person as slaveholders are generally
 glad to dispense with. Taking advantage ol
 his want of knowledge as to the condition ol
 colored people at the North, he was advised
 a few years ago to leave South Carolina foi
 Liberia; and as a strong inducement for hirr
 to go, lie was permitted to attend a religious
 institution in Columbia, Ga., with a view ol
 fitting him for the ntiuistry. After attending
 tins institution a few mouths, Mr. Catto, for
 the first time, came as far Nottli as Baltimore,
 we believe for the purpose of sailing to In
 beria; but reaching that city, and becom
 ing somewhat acquainted with the clnractci
 and condition of the colored |&gt;eople North,
 he felt himself grievously deceived, lie had
 boon induced to consent to go to Liberia un
 der representations which he found to be
 false. The whole free colored people of the
 North had been represented to him as the
 most debased, ignorant ami degraded, living
 in cellars and garrets, hunted and despised,
 and it was unpossible for a colored man to be
 respected, Ac. On coming to Baltimore and
 Philadelphia, be found intelligent and respect
 able society. He did not feel bound to go to
 Liberia.
 During his stay in Baltimore, he wrote
 several letters to colored persons in Columbia,
 Ga. all *of w hich were intercepted aud
 never reached the persons for whom tbev
 were intended. The keen-scented slavehold
 ers were sure all was not light when letters
 Game to the post office for colored persons.—
 The following will show their vigilance, and
 something of the spirit of the man with whom
 they bad to deal:
 Caution to the Protlc or thk South
 i —That the confiding people of the South may
 have some idea of the mean* used to eiciu
 dissatisfaction and disaffection among thcii
 slave population, by sonic of those hypocrite?
 who have been so kindly receired and tu«pi-
 My treated by us, we’place before them an
 extract of a letter whi&lt;m has been pforvd in
 our hands, written from the City of Baltimore
 by a colored man who passed several months
 m Columbia during the last tear, enjoying
 the pruhclion and u ligious instruction or sou.c
 of our most worthy divines and many of our
 best emtetts.
 44 This man. *chi’- Acre, was receiving reli
 gious iMtpiotKw, prvjvaratory to his being
 Stilt to lsbeiia by tb« Board of Foreign Mis
 sions. llis hist act atu-r leaving th«se who
 bad trc.Ut-0 bun thus kindly, was a base at
 tempt to injuie them in a vital point. Most
 of our ntixens will understand his allusions,
 and every considerate man will draw his own
 COtH'luXMttS.
 Baltimore, Jan. 97, 1848.
 My dear fnend. keep the flame
 btimh.g among otir people. A* it regards
 that maa, who, fer s few stripes, betrayed
 Mr. C it were better for him if a mill
 stone was about bis neck than fee him to oome
 North! Better for su. has him 10 aay win re
 they are; they don't want such characters
 to re. You undrrs'and me. Thai circum
 stance is known here about as well as it is in
 Columbia.
 Read this to as maay aa you
 deem pmjsir. I'se it aa your jedgmant di
 (VOOL Your trieud and Mother,
 W. C. T-
 Thia letter was intercepted while Mr.
 Can* was ia Baltimore, ud «f course in
 reach of the hlndbwod and white there
 the Governor of Georgia mode a reqtusition
 &lt;m the Governor of Maryland fi«r the safe de
 livery of said Catto into the hand* of the au
 thorities of Georgia, on a charge of haviag
 s nl iota said State fetters which would excite
 ii.xxr.nnu aud losorasctuui among the staves.
 Ut. Cauo waa only apnrtord uf this reqtust
 tioo a few boom before tbo nffirns went ex
 pected to mw tia person. He was w .ihowt
 the mnn* of having no paper*, hot
 fevalH s tct cwJwd after tnorh difficulty In geft
 b y««nd fUe '.unit* of Maryland.
Mr. Catto ie tow in Pbftafelphte, and
 dfeOgh making himself usefulgterr, by aa
 nctM fills the pis* tor which Ids excellent tal
 ents and derotUb to the cauhe of oudfbople
 etnbisntly fit km. In our jadgtnent, Ms duty
 lie* beyond the narrow limits uf Littte Wesley
 I'hureh, although his usefulness may be very
 great there. We hope yet to hear hia elo
 quent troiee uplifted abroad for the slave, and
 for the elcTaiton of his people. He has the
 head, the heart, and the expeorncq which
 OoulJ isako him a powerful instrument, na&gt;
 der God, for breaking down prejudice, and
 elevating the colored man in the public esti
 mation.—r. p.
 The Near York Herald.
 This old persecutor of Un colored peopled
 this country, has pnbksbed ia full the address
 adopted at the Colored National Convention
 held in Cleveland, Ohio, and makes it* publi
 cation the occasion for assai log colored people
 in general, and ourselves in particular. We
 shall probably publish its vile trash next week,
 that our readers may see the mode of warfare
 adopted by that sheet to depress our people,
 and to keep alive what the London Times
 rightly denominates M American akin-aris
 tocracy.” Bennett seems quite disturbed
 by the bgre possibility of colored persons
 learning respectable trades, and filling honor
 able stations. H» evident alarm upon that
 point ought to have a salutary effect upon us.
 The fact that our Qfornipv strive by air means
 to jkeep oa out of respectable trades, should
 only stimulate us in our efforts to obtain them.
 We thank the Herald fur making the address
 public, and hope other papers will follow the
 example of that sheet, at least in that respect.
 The Ram’s Horn criticises the Convention,
 but has not the magnanimity to publish a sen
 tence of its proceedings. Not of much con
 sequence its proceedings will be known.—
 r: d.
 The failure ui publish in this week's num
 ber of tho North Star, agreeably to natfee,
 the interesting proceedings of the Convention
 held in Brick Wesley, two weeks ago, is
 through no fault of ours, not having been fa
 vored with a copy of them. W ill the Secre
 taries farward the proceedings forthwith?
 Mr. Quines, bk prompt.
 Toe Business Men’s Almanac, for the
 year 184!), published by V. B. Palmer,
 Tribune Buildings, New York, contains, be
 sides the usual information in such publica
 tions, a largo amount of popular suiistics,
 die., in which every one is interested. The
 price, also, is an additional recommendation.
 Exchanges will please direct particularly
 North Star,” and not Star simply.—
 There is another Star in Rochester, for which
 our luminary is occasionally mistaken by the
 poet office authorities, who, it may be sup
 posed, are not very acute astronomers.
 The lowa Freeman comes to us from its
 new location, (Ml. Pleasant.) much enlarged
 and improved in appearance. We are glad
 to observe that evidence of its prosperity.
 The Hcttiiinsons will give a Second and
 last Concert in the Minerva Hall to-morrow
 evening. lx*t the audience be at least as
 numerous and enthusiastic as that of last
 evening. They wet! merit that share of pub
 lie oslotun u.Licii tluy have secured. See
 Advertisement.
 The Sailor Jerome —The freedom of the
 city in a gold box has been presenter! by
 the New York Corporation to the sailor Je
 rome, who so nobly exerted himself to save
 the lives of the passengers of the Ocean
 Monarch.
 Slaves Emancipated.—Dr. Elias W.
 Napier, a wealthy gentleman of Jackson
 county, Tenn. died on the 17th tilt and by
 his will emancipated twenty-eight slaves.
 The Rebel Slaves. —Two more of the
 Fayette co. slaves, who recently attempted to
 regain their liberties, have been condemned
 to death, for the alleged murder of one of
 their pursuers. Petitions are in circulation
 for their pardon. As to the other priwwiers,
 a nail* ftroseipu has been extended.—Otirm
 nati Ghtb r.
 IE? The Democratic Courier U the name
 of a Democratic Free Soil paper recently
 established at Daosvilkt, Livingston County.
 llailino down the black flag.—The
 Jackson. Gazette, of Jackson, Mich., has
 hauled down the black flag of Taylor, and
 refuses to support the shareholding candidate.
 Ofco Standard.
 7 L j
 Slave case at W ashimtos.— The east
 ern cuoanuune having charge of this case, an
 nounce their ui ten lion to carry it up to a high
 er court, and to enable them to do so, they
 solicit donations, which should he sent to tlwn
 Treasurer,!. P. Blanchard. Boston. They
 j have received in sums fn*m various individ
 uals f sad have paid for counsel fees
 and other eapeases incident to the trial $607,- j
 M. There are some debts which yet remain I
 unpaid; to liquidate these, and furnish the
 committee with means to meet future expen
 ses, not less than 1500 are estimated as ne
 cessavy. It is certainly desirable that this
 ease should come before the highest indicia! i
 tribunal in the land, though we confess our
 hope is but small, that a decision favorable to
 j ‘be defendants can he secured. Pa.Frouman.
 11/ Among the passenger* hy the steam-
 ship Acadia were Mr. Macready, the trage-
 diau.and Captain MirVch. who commanded 1
 the packet ship Ocean Monarch.
 ILr It is stated that 1500 journeymen clock j
 and vratrhmakrrt Have just emigrated to the
 I sited States from Neufeharef. Switreriand. S
 1 A suit greater number arc making prepara
 tions to follow.
 Gt Riot s invention.—We learn from the
 Muting Journal, that a Mr. Wb. Hutchia
 j of E»igbnd, has patented a proore* of
 indurating plaster, chalk, wand, pssfhnaid,
 i c rendering them as compfcttljp hard an
 dm firmest ftaaas.
 DkEAWKL IIvSkICANK ON THE EaSTCS*
 Coast or Scotland.—On dm )9tb of Asg.
 they had a terrible gale hi Scotland. One j
 thousand fithmg smacks, manned by 5600
 I hfonwa. were oat ia the mm. Same
 «fh«T hunts were wronfced, and w hundred
 lives font. The lon cat onumaseef the loan of
 hfo and property by due ga«, esoends that j
 prouuced by aay other hurneai-e hitherto as- 1
 corded is the annals &lt;d the east coast of Scut-
 The distress among the poor in the
 herehToV those who periled
 yjr—-—MI
 Sold .—Throe rmmm of the Duka of
 Buckingham. cnaßprsusf the whole of the
 Puwh of lldiesdrn, Bucks; IMM acre* of
 .wnore, Oxon, aud the hamlet of fajapt-1
 cum-A swell, Narthataptaodtuc, have hern
 sold fie £516,400.
flnvery without Uw.
 B is quite a favori* doctrine with the sup
 porters nf C ass and Butler, lb»i slamy be
 ing a creatine of State lapro, mnot exist
 without special enactment. Tlere is a resolu
 tion illustrative of this, passed at Cass Con
 gressional Convention at Mineral Point:
 Resolved, Tbm while wo weird slavery as
 an evil deeply to be deploredtn a free gov
 ernment, and deprecate its extension into ter
 ritory now free, we believe that it cannot exist
 without the sanction of hw, aad that therefore
 no itette is presented to ua upon this question
 until the advoqjues of slavcgt demand such a
 law; and that the Democratic party is not
 called upon to sacrifice the principle* of over
 half a century to this at present impracticable
 abstraction.
 Those who argue thus *o«ith«r ignorantly
 or wilfully mistaken about this “impracticable
 abstraction.* 1 Their Southern coadjutors have
 quite another doctrine on the subject, and by
 that they will doubtless be guided. Whether
 or not it be true, as a matter of Constitutional
 law, the following heads of a decision of the
 Supicnic Court of Mispouri, show that the
 South do not mean that it shall long be true aa
 a matter of fact
 I. Bhverymat exist without aay posit ire
 law authorising it.
 14 ‘d. The existence of slavery in fact is
 presumptive evidence of H# legality.
 3. It ta not necessary to show any general
 custom if! a country, of holding negroes in
 slavery, to move its legality* If it be found
 to exist in tact, even Ui a limited extent, and
 no positive law prohibiting it be shown, H will
 be deemed legal.
 44 4. It is not the policy of the slave States
 to favor the liberation of negroes.”
 It thus appears, that in the opinion of
 Southerners, nothing more is required to le
 galize slavery, theft to prove its existence,
 44 even to a extent;” and to prove this,
 the slaveholder Ins nothing more to do but to
 emigrate thither with his slaves, and of
 course the proof is forthwith apparent.—j. d.
 Public Sentiment in California.— The
 California Star comes out decidedly against
 the toleration of slavery there, by Congress.
 It says that the people are all against it.—
 The mining fever will also create such an
 emigration of froe white labor, as we believe
 will settle the question against the extension
 of slavery. A freeman at the mines would
 do more work than the slave, and this is well
 understood. The Star expresses some fear
 that Congress may establish slavery there, but
 this is absurd. Jn tho judgment of Uie Ame
 rican people, Congress has no more right to
 make a slave than a king.
 The alxive paragraph is from the Milwaukee
 Wisconsin, a strong Cass and Butler paper,
 and it looks very well and rational when by
 itself. The writer must either be grossly
 hypocritical, or miserably lacking of discern
 ment. llow any one can pretend that lie is
 opposed to slavery, and yet support the claims
 of General Cass a&gt; a fit caudidate for the Pre
 sidency, is altogether a mystery. Says Cass
 in his Nicholson letter
 For if the relation of master and servant
 (slave) may be regulated or annihilated by
 legislation, so may the relation of husband and
 wife, of parent and cliihl, and of any other
 condition which our institutions and the habits
 of our society recognize.”
 What can lie plainer than this? What
 could show more satisfactorily than this the
 animus of the Democratic candidate He
 would no more interfere with the relation be
 tween master and slave, than he would inter
 fere with the relation of parent and child
 This is w hat he means to say,’ and it is suffi
 ciently explicit, though it is rather hard to
 conceive how he hit upon the idea that the
 relation between master and slave, and pa
 rent and child, are parallel cases. Auy one
 who takes a moment to consider, must see at
 a g’ance that the two cases are just as far sti
 I possible from being similar.
 The one is in accordance with, or rather is
 itself a law of nature the other is in direct
 contravention of that law. With just as much
 j reason the writer might have said, If the
 relation between the owner of property and
 the thief who steals that property from him
 may be regulated or annihilated by legislation,
 so may the relation between the sun and light
 —between the clouds and rain.” The one is
 not more palpably a non seqttitnr than is the
 other. Shallow indeed must they be who
 gulp down such trash ami call it logic.— l. D.
 Postage. The two crazy Governments
 seem at last to have got within sight of an
 agieement on the question of international
 Postage, h is truly wonderful that they
 should so soon have discovered that it is
 neither just nor politic any longer to persist
 in the reciprocal systems of petty plunder
 which they have carried on for some months
 past, at tbe expense of the unoffending people
 on both sides tbe Atlantic! Tbe sagacity of
 the redoubtable personages who have made
 tbe discovery is most astonishing; and for
 this a grateful future will doubtless bold them
 in remembrance. But no the discovery bss
 as yet been made only on one side. Ssys,
 the Boston Bee
 44 The British .Government have offered
 oots, through Mr. Bancroft, aa eatkr reci
 procity in postages. They ask that the ocean j
 postage shall nut only be equally reduced, bat
 also our land postage to a rate similar tu their
 owa. This last proposition, however, cause*
 the hitch iu the arrangement.* 1
 Not only Eagtiah, but all letters might. 1
 as baa been abundantly proved by the exper
 ience of Britain, bs forwarded, at a much
 lower rate thaa the prose at, without aay 1
 detriment to the revenne, aad with wxwicuh t
 aide advantage to the puhtc. If Cave Jobs-
 son and his coadjutors iu the Et&lt;v«the were
 possessed of the millmoth part of a grain of;
 patriotism, and cared fw aught beyond their
 pitiful pay and preferment, the •Ipenfflflt
 would have been made years since. In the
 mean time, sill the proposal made by the
 Brnah Gwerameot he accepted We shall
 see.— a. n.
 Effects of Slavery.
 A correspondent of the Ameiieaa Meanoo
 ger, makes the fallowing statements, which
 •how cwchanilj, the bwrberatng is&amp;aesceof
 slavery aa those dwjrtme where at prevails.—
 Ateenrre. Tares Socmy^aja
 T V wMe imw t by there br«*h
 Mreiehw from tho"3£e Kotee to the Ohm
 mcc mere htiancr of mono then two h«n
 dred milas in width, and from the Pennsvha
 to the Tennessee toe. The territory is
 shorn equal to that embraced in the States of
 New Hampshire, Veres Till n irhwnia
 New Jersey-
 Bre the popwimms of *ree StairewUl
 average wenmhiag hke sixty re the oqeare
 smSe, that of ihe dwtxw uednr omrekefttem
 will not raced tea, and many ewoatw* have"
 not more than t»w or ire mbahttsnts to a?
 sqaare miV. West «f the AMegtteste*. the'
coentry an almaal uninterfupted sicccawn
 of prmahnnß, suited aloue ft* grazing, of, if
 lh« immeiW water power ta|re turmd td 4c
 coant, for iiiam&lt;fac4«fine. The people chief v
 reside in Icg-cafime, along tso little vaßej.*,
 nrrines, or hiH-sMiea. w afuu si no rofrrme--
 to neighborhood, reboo], or church privileges
 ;io their location. There are 00l a half dozen
 villages in Virginia, west of the Alleghanie?,
 that contain 34'f) inhabitants each and in one
 county, &lt;0 miles br 35, larger than the State
 of Rhode Island, the largest village contains
 but five dwellings.
 1 he means ot education are very restricted
 and inadequate. The rehuol-roasler needs to
 be on horseback to find his pupils. Probably
 one-fifth of the twluh population cannot rcsif
 at all, and a much larger proportion are but
 poor readers. Nearly one-half of the popula
 tion are so sitnnted as to prevent the enjovment
 of the means ot instruction with any degree of
 1 regularity, if they were provided: and in
 j HBn y comities there were not more than one
 ,ox two common schools iu operation. Sab
 i schools were few in number, and imper
 fectly supplied with teachers tff libraries, ar.4
 few children attend them.

 Revolting Spectacle.
 Ooe of those wretched spectacles w hich are
 seen wherever the system of African slavery
 is tolerated, was presented in the streets of
 our city, on Sunday morning last. A gang
 of negroes, consisting of persons of both sexes,
 accompanied by a white man, on Upttr way to
 a southern market, passed akiwg Chestnut
 street, as the Mis of the tarious tmrehts tr trr
 calling an Christian* to assemble at their rtijtc
 tiveplaces of worship. In frout of the preces
 sion was a large wagon, in w hich were thickly
 stowed several womeq and children. This
 was followed by Jbrty-three men and boys
 walking, several of them chained together, the
 whole under the charge of a man on horse
 back. This miserable spectacle excited the
 honest indignation of our citizens, who regard
 ed it as a direct insult offered io them, and the
 day, and the hour.
 We hare heard several of our most respect
 able citizens speak of this outrage on the feel
 ings of a Christian community, all of whom
 concurred in reprobating it in the strongest
 possible terms. And yet. such spectacles are
 the necessary adjuncts of the system of slave
 ry. Wherever it prevails, they will be seen.
 We have never heard any one speak of the
 slave traders who are engaged in the internal
 slave trade, without denouncing them and
 their accursed traffic. They are every where
 looked upon as unworthy of the least rcsjicct.
 and their society is shutined by all. Ami yet
 men are found, who, for a base love of money
 will consign themselves and families to uni
 versal contempt, and others are fu .nd who for
 the sake of a few pitiful dollars, will sustain
 these men in their traffic by soiling their slaves
 to them.
 We earnestly hope the day is not far dis
 tant when our beloved Commonwealth, so
 honored and honorable in other respects, will
 get lid ot its system of bondage, and along
 with, all ils revolting adjuncts. —Louisville
 Examiner.
 From the .N, Y. Tribune.
 Southern Democracy.”
 A young Scotchman named Robert Ed
 mund has tor some years been employed as a
 private teacher and local preacher in St. Mat
 thew’s Parish, South Carolina, about seventy
 miles West of Charleston. He was wel
 treated, until it was whispered about that, in
 his private conversations with slaveholders, he
 had expressed his abhorrence of slavery, with
 its cruelties and pollutions, and his earnest
 hope that it might not be extended into new
 territory. For this—but we will let one of the
 Chivalry’ tell the stbry in the following let
 ter to The South Carolinian.” You can
 see the lies stick out in it, but we print it ver
 batim, viz
 “About six months ago, a man by the nara
 of EJmond, who called himself a Scotchman,
 came into the lower part of this Parish, as a
 teacher, and succeeded in getting up a small
 school. After some time, however, it was
 discovered that jho instruction of the rising
 generation’ was not his principal object: In
 unguarded expressions which escaped him,
 by his general conduct tow aids the negroes of
 the neighborhood, and by his delivering a
 course of sermons, a ways expressing a de
 sire to piench to them alone, without the pn s
 cnce of white p rsoris. Heing thwarted
 however, in his e.’lurtt to effect this latter—
 his most darling object—hy the vigilance ot
 the neighbors, with a blindness ami lanauciwn
 w hich 1 am unable to compreh nd, be avowed
 himself publicly an Abolitionist, denounced
 Slavery, and said that it was contrary to the
 spirit of Christianity. Our high-minded and
 spirited citizens waited For nothing more; ami
 a few evenings alierwnrd. a pnny of six or
 seven, disguised not unlike the famous l&gt;os
 tonians when they overthrew the obnoxious
 tea, with certainly as laudable an object in
 view, entered his, school-room, and, without
 ceremony, dissolved the relations exiting be
 tween master and ptipil, led him out to a con
 venient thicket, and schst n.ted fi&gt;r h:&lt;* thin
 apparel a coat cons‘«tng of the inside of a
 pine and tbe outside of a goose. 1 will not
 slop hero io describe the unseemly and iu»u
 crous figure which be pvcseuied as te»: nded
 his course up hill and down dale, uutU be
 reached his place of ref ge.
 He was amaz'd, of Coufre, sreerr ven
 geance. amf reported the square on the fol
 lowing day. lie described the exact menus
 operaruh, (l should like to have heard it.)
 and while lie was thus i»Htnng balm uhis
 wouuded spin is by availing himself ot the all
 powerful arm of the law, his idea of S“Outh
 Carolina protection was very much li-sscned,
 and his ardor very much cooled, by ihc ar
 rival of a few gmtfc.nc n depstizod by theo.t
 taens of the neighburi ood. w ho iaferroed him
 that if he did not l-.are in five hours limy
 would give turn thirty-rut*# lashes; if not in
 five afterwards, they would give b.m tUuty
 nine more; if he still pimskdin remaining,
 they would complete the o&lt;at of the evt-uing
 before by giving him hemp for bis moat. It
 is useless to «ay that he took tbe hint. aad i
 suppose hy this Umc is tn the heart of ahnh
 ttoaimi, coosoimg fc.madJ with me refiteuw
 that he has best* a nwrtyr i* tU cause ot the
 regeneration and discuthra-iaieji: of the uftius|&gt;-
 py and oppress! soa* ot Af-ic-a."
 H «mn at the Stare Trade.
 Few people have a waltzing serene ef the
 horrora of U.sS.av* Trade m m purer:.t t*m
 dtided. We hear at them at a uvuuw: a*d
 at oeoe d anasuM the *jt» jet if *a» our m
 without following ua iaacy th pic.urt iu a.*
 its disgusting detail*. Rut r* fbr sub
 ject was brought hocus to m by the arrua! of
 a riaver with it* cargo of huansa ftewt:, ia ani
 w ale re each a «oe. tar mtanv, a he the
 h«t account*, has bran carrwd w»to &gt;w»»
 Ijfonfc She had fine fctmared tdavas. *t
 whom tei had died after Uct capture* Fhc
 dock van burr ally cowered w itk w* and wo
 men aad ckfldrrr. some ly.ag down, warn*
 stuiag, wm standing. Many of them w raw
 quite aaall boys and ptfl*—m*vv of then,
 ware mother*, ead all qwfW&gt; naked.— IfcAew
 were etv'wdrd two as three bendre*.. hreweea
 ftmasaef 1-3 led apart. M u
 attieif ftat aa the ftu«r cano.x «a up
 and there they are erowced ta as &lt;4oae as
 they caa be jamed: the first row sitting «w»
 tbe floor with tbnr backs against the asde ft
 end of tbe read then another rew s tung sn
 the him way crowdd eW u&gt; ri«*ir
 lega, and an on, as many aa they can crowd
 in. There Urey art week after week m at!
 there fifth aad stench, aad and death
 Thuik ut aaa itaidrivi ibaanaad ktuuaa tasngs
 way ana wady —bau #4
 pbo» W* 5* pa*sbte »-.V Y Lapr.
 Niocreret Wt» -Twwmoeurgr home been
 brtHy bald ia Naavoa. far ;wrpaae af
 saakaag airaageairaia la dure tbe rreweawig
 UarwMMM tart «4 Uaaoci eveaty. W« u««
 that aa farther atfvwpte af Uu» Wind wiU be
 made. Our Slate ta&amp; *uftt.*vd rrp
 etiiiwi alreadr aad rti A Ard»-Mw.mina »y
 wach aa net &gt;ll out be wureW by tbe ey*B
 patbiea af tbe cnwaseny-rldotai Jam.
Free Soil ia Virginia.
 At a meeting held at Alexandria, Virginia,
 the following preamble and resolutions were
 adopt. d. We publish them, not because th&lt; y
 oootajn any unusual assertion of truth, but as
 show ing tbe existence of Anti-slavery feeling
 in the slave States;— v
 hcrins, ihe members of this meeting,
 assembled Jn a spirit of concord and devotion.
 begetting all pa.st political differences, avow
 themselves the unqualified opponents of slave
 ry extension; and wherea*. it is due to ibem-
 arid the ooiun.Lßiiy at huge that tbe
 reasons fiu ;akn g to im)oiiant and delicate a
 lrtwmW drstrreify anr minced, therefore
 Resolved, I bat look ujon slavery as a
 gtrvt ceil, mors!, p.|ow*af social, whoso
 I blighting influence is mar ifrst hi the itnpovcr
 ished lands, the decline m population, wealth
 and resources of oui own beloved common
 wealth and whilst wc deny to the general
 Government tbe power to interfere with, or
 abolish this institution in the States where it
 a i ready exist*, still, we neve rt be Jess believe
 the good ot the whole country demands it*
 1 {'inhibition in territory now free, that Con
 gress should preserve free soil for a free
 people.’’
 Resolved, That the great doctiinc of sni
 versal en.ar.cipation inculcated by the iliuslri
 oi.s “Sage of .Muntieello,” pointing to the pro
 gross of !u;ii.an freedom, like the mystic em
 blems of the KgT]tian,» the fall of throne*
 and crowns, n&lt;»w tottering throughout Europe
 makes it e»]x*c:ally incumbent upon us to re
 sist, by all c*-listitutional means, the inrivasa
 ot slave power upon the American continent.
 Resolved, That the principles declared bv
 the B&lt;.ifok&gt; Convention are nurprinriphs. and
 the nominations there made of Martin Van
 Bnrcn and Charles F. Arfah.s, for the oflxe*
 ol President arni.\ ice President of the Fnited
 States, will receive our energetic support, not
 however, with any hope of success in this rc
 gion. but to second the activity and zeal of our
 I brethren in the non-slaveholding States.
 Resolved, Tl at the removal ot those offi
 cers of Government in New York, periieular
 ly Benjamin F. Butler, for their adhesion to
 our principles, is unparalleled for insolence in
 the hu tory ol free government* that as bigo
 try knows no toeing, ro persecution no rest
 ing place, and ihat in lhose acta of proscrip
 tion, we see display* d l.y the man who occu
 pies the Executive Chau, the ferocity of a pi
 rate, who basics to murder with a savage
 joy.”
 Wisconsin Free Soil Convention. A
 Convention of Delegates from the various
 Senate and Assembly Districts of the State
 of Wisconsin, convened at the capital, in
 Madison, on Wednesday, Sept. 27. h, for the
 purpose of nominating Presidential Electors,
 and a Superintendent of Public Instruction,
 lhe following gentlemen were nominated
 State Electors.
 Kr isti s B. Wolcott, of Milwaukee Co.
 David Giddings, of Shebovgan Co.
 District FJet tors.
 James I). Reymert, of Racine Co.
 Edward A. Tappak, of Sauk Co.
 Superintendent of Public Instruction.
 Tchadod Codding, of Milwaukie.
 Resolutions were passed in favor of Free
 Soil and Van Buren and Adams, the spirit of
 i which may be gathered from the two following:
 Resolved, T'liat we are in favor off the
 extension of the principles of Free Soil, Free
 Labor, and Free Sp**.ch, over tbe whole
 jeaith.
 Resolved, That in the organization, objects,
 and action ot the 1 ree Soil Parly, we go
 r J finnj'lfc-S d ar and Jut met; tor mcasuns
 riijiii in tlu niM lvt s; ,ind lor nirn n lio hav&amp;
 embraced them, and have pledged themselves
 to carry them nut in practice.
 A Free Soil Convention was held at
 Mt. Pleasant, Ohio. TTi3 Cincinnati Globa
 says:
 i number in attendance was very
 tiian we bad anticipated, anti
 mi clr larger, as we are inlormcd, than have
 attenued the i orn,Dating Conventions of either
 of the other janies.”
 inEK Soil and the Society op Friends.
 -~.Vn attempt ha*» been made by the Taylor
 papers in I cutisv ivaunt and Omu to uiako the
 pul.hc believe iliat the Society of Friends
 a .1! generally vote lor their military* candidate
 ■m the ground th.,t he is afri-nd of ptner
 Ihe N Y. Evening Po~*t publishes the fo!-
 iowmg letter, which gives the true position of
 that Society
 Queens Conotv, Sept. 20, JR#*.
 The Society of Friends has alwavs been
 engaged in pnmaotuag the cause of eaunevpa-
 U' .n. Ahe platform presented by the Buffalo
 onver.tior. entirely inerts iny views, and I
 Mink Mete wi!T ht? a more general attendance
 it the pod* this fill than has ever been tbe
 case heretofore, and that unitedly for Van
 liurcxi, aud at the an.-nfice «f some old preju
 dices; but wc believe be is right r ow.
 I should have liked much te attend the
 meeting at Hempstead, but busiocs* of a
 pressing nature {resented. I hsv e ao d shall
 oofltinre to improve every suitable oppor
 tunity to eroourage ta mtewst and action in
 i his cause.
 1 ihwtk the f'hr.stian and tbe jduhwithropMt
 caiiuot with propriety kft this «fftmtanuy i-~nr
 wiihout usi;,g ha iiifiucnce, Uith anrraily aad
 poLtk-aUv, &lt;*i the sid* f fre,d«w, or raiher
 to prerrrt that greater evd, slavery, f to «n ex
 tending m bit. bring influence any further.
 Arxot I.*WRtNrt rvDitAcrT —The naeot
 ;rg-b&lt;wiko m Dracut was cornfonsfify filled
 tienigb at lea*; another huudrrd etmta haw
 tJC ***"&lt;isninad*Md. The audience me'acted
 Y’"* f ii*cn, who, like auwixt, were
 ;/r pp I(7,ry it.rood
 irtstfr oat. ih.t we were doomc-d to dmap
 The zidmm vasgewcrm'lv
 !r one na’-kri prctrhatsiv.
 it was as infc&amp;ae d wHsabor: of lit' rmmal
 qew, *«u, mikL The Waev, ud
 an *1 accurate re t x&gt;r: ot ific m* ooch «e he**
 g:ve;
 ITe r«n&lt;? each dcciaritHm* :We I
 k’*e«* rt. &lt;eT»e it os n&gt;T rfejvNsEibilST. 1
 ssv I, d V hon 1«\ reeve t! e
 piitj I'hty »ci Ikm in.! a Ft** See.hr
 getkaften, we, vce, Jfifi! I knew Yas
 ikartat. Ate a bad roan. I huow tJsnh. he n
 Atari nvii. 1 know 1 t|l«t, ksn the
 Vi€ man trvlog—ibr t*c&gt;i utdifiod IhtlSeM*-
 Jent k.' M ITard F.ilrmirr. Ik is a gin
 r*m* wait T keew them tffl. 1 ttv »l, gee
 itmnm. i ase*re ‘to. tme. m
 me. dte.
 i\sv. Mr Uwvsnee mi that Tavlor m
 fcuureiv umonimmuM," arvi sikhKiihst
 &lt;h'i Proviso in the
 \hfc.ri l ,l.t I+tnAl Era.
 WxseMb ~-Th&lt; Era
 r*ano«a«i v»«.e. H‘*rh*r‘» veoHhf at fbj rvwv ami
 -«t Mhh scesniMc «o Iholle myton, MMk
 m itvwnl mi mgtato. Aed th&lt;*w his
 %X!2S\TjßfZ&amp;****
 Th# Fees Narf in IVnkeed hsv d«al-
 Wwfed iheRMM, the
 eaeae pto*s hiWia the*w*fcrwing qwestieA
 kwh ot thr two CAtdtdMM lor the Prceir
 van IWres ot Gew Tayku. i*
 bcfhrt MuitVd to the suffVagrs ot vho
 Kw*m
 ArfXataiKJi At ?f»*ARA JFalus. —Tha
 RwchanU’t IVmocm sets.
 the hhßeMheejpimg »»f u**o
 mpnrtMtce then heettofenr. TW esUmUfi
 WaUfr power V» hegirwm* to he m*de ef «f
 -♦IK' hi Wines hrxncfie* of
 leas than nee year tb&lt; number of mcchriMlMi
 has me ptas d oy aHy V'N»
 7 MmiSt
"
