"Po 1 1 ru.
FREE SOIL.
 i j. h. i&gt;c«
 Tree soil! free O,
 O, of n^!
 TV day, the hoar with troth fesught
 TV *i wrung breaks il P* f
 Behold how N»t*ritt L-dwr dares
 tv pow»r it n
 Ami, with it* surging stren.th, uptear*
 TV f»as.i-gates of wrong!
 Ftw soil! the broad, wide earth in fie«—-
 Free l*y the grant of Hod*
 Slave sod! the w.wd is I*l asphemy—
 Man’* rbarttr i* the wd*
 Shackles the captive’s soul may rust,
 And lxirt) into hi* Imia,
 Yet shall their withering *otd« he dust,
 AVIio forgo tie: captive's chai.t.
 Wrong, though high llraven's wrath it liravcs,
 Hath A’engeance on its track—
 An.l if vim rinse tie* &gt;il wit i slaves,
 TV noil will curse yon link!
 Fret* noil! It shall Is- free! e’en now
 God'* ana 1 qntti our &gt;ul*;
 A&gt;H, fr«ini tl*e sepulchre f wo
 The stone of Slavery roll.*.
 lauumts! rotne firth!” TV dca 1 nun waki
 Hi* iron shroud i* rent
 l.innw! rum;' forth!” That whiner el»k»l
 F.arlh, air, ami firmament!
 SOXt: OF HARVEST HOME.
 Om liar re* t in rndrd—
 Let's join in a eng,
 That tie* we*-t-reentel irphyrt
 May waft it along,
 O'er tlie hill an.l ih': valley,
 TV river and plain.
 Till it reborn from fnrr*t
 And mountain agni t.
 To tie' Ford of lie- harvest
 t &gt;ur vi;ig vve will Ting,
 And this le* tie* inreime,
 Together vv«* bring,
 For the blessing of simsbiur,
 t&gt;l" dew and of rain;
 The flowery pasture
 And fie I of bright grain.
 The liee-liaiinled valley,
 And meadow are still,
 And lite rush of tin* sickle
 lla* etwsed on tlu* hill;
 The voire of tin* mower
 Saluti s not the morn,
 For the harvest is gathered,
 And sale in the Irani.
 The gay fi atliered warbler a
 Of orcliard and grove,
 Are tuning their voice*
 In accents of love,
 And tlw* clear sunny streamlet
 Hursts filth in a wmg,
 Through the green mousy Under
 ll wanders along.
 And the bre-exe of the morning,
 That steals from tin- Imwcis,
 The breath of its freshness,
 The went of the flowers,
 With its music of murmurs,
 luvitetli from toil,
 To a tuneful thanksgiving,
 For gifts of the soil.
 Oh, come, while all nature
 Delights to prolong
 T lie incense of worship,
 In liec-ofleii* l song;
 If tin* I. ad of tin- harvest
 Will smile on our store,
 And deign ns a blessing,
 We ask fir no more.
 BREVITY OF I.IFE.
 nr riieicis no Aliens.
 Behold
 How short a span
 Was long enough of old
 To measure out the life of mao!
 In thus.* well-tein|&gt;ered days his time was then
 Rurvtyc I, cast up, an 1 fo.tml but thrcc-scorc year
 and tea.
 Alas!
 And what is that!
 They conn*, and slide, and pass,
 Before my pen can tell thee what
 TV |*ists of time arc swift, which having run
 Their seven short stages o’er, their short-lived tasl
 is done.
 Our days
 Begun, we lend
 To sleep, to antic plays
 And toys, until the first stage end:
 Twelve waning in mils,twice five times told,we giv
 To u n recovered L*—we *at her breathe than live
 Wc spend
 A ten year’s breath
 lh fore we apprel’.end
 What ’tis to live, or fear a death!
 Our childish dreams arc filled w ith painted joys,
 Which please our sense awhile, and waning provi
 but toys.
 Mow vain,
 How wretched, is
 Boor man, that doth remain
 A slave to such a state as this!
 His days arc short, at longest; few, at most;
 They are but bail, at best; yet lavislicd out or lost
 They lie
 TV secret springs
 Thai make mir minutes flic
 On wlieels more swift than eagles* wings:
 Our life’s a clock, and every gasp of breath
 Breathes forth a warning grief, till time sliall strik
 a death.
 How soon
 Our new liorn light
 Attains to full-aged noon!
 Anri thi*, how soon to grey-haired night!
 We spring, we bud, we blossom, and we blast.
 Ere we can count our days,our days they flee so fast
 They end
 When scarce lingua;
 And ere we appreliend
 That licgin to live, our lilt* is done.
 Man, e hi n i'ij day*; and if they llv too fast
 for thy dull iU..i,gin to count ,c* ,ii it every dat thy last
 Tin: MII.I.INER.
 Alako Ist work hir!&lt; r, &gt;hr i* 1,,t milliner;
 How can site cmiip'.uiu hard w„ik is killing hsr!
 Aged seventeen, an i i i a CouMimptioi.
 Some law sllotll I U* in i le to pnai*!i presumption.
 Make licr work liardei: Ikm ei &gt;ii« r, j*, r creature
 Is paralvln in liaih an 1 feature
 In sueli a condition, »h sb nil I U- i|;i.,-&gt;
 To work day and night, to obtain a dulling.
 Make lier wnik liard.cr; sin- dwell* in a kWn
 And peiijilf wh i live by tie ir lie inning nn lstiti ,g
 Must keep on working, fin b. ink fast ami dinner,
 Or go wilVut clot lies, and g t thinner uni thinner
 Harder they tnaile her wmk, hard' r tlian ever,
 T’hen came across her nth a piaetise t .fcr, iter,
 One vouug a id wealthy, win, smiling ujmiii Iht,
 First gained her iOwlknu, an I th m It., tfishoimt'
 Of curse lie forsook Ist; a creature ten hr,
 AVIs, iu this wi.lc wotl l would care to ilcfim J her!
 Down w ith lier, down with l»-r! lower and lower,
 I i a very few weeks tier old m Hher w out know her,
 Bright are her young eyes, delighting l&gt;ehol'lcrs,
 Her hair falls in ringlets over h« r shoal lers;
 Down with her,down with her! lower and lower*
 Till onlv the vilesl arku iwledge lliey know her!
 God what a wreck of a creature so dtiiiful!
 Hod! wlui a wreck of a creature so lH*autiful*
 Furchase a *hn ud, bei pale lace to lit in;
 Take her away (tie victim is dyi &gt;g
 H-uhiHffr
Selections.
AN ADVKNTCUB.
 The morning of July 10th, 1813
 which had been settled on as the
 which 1 was t«» take the boats op th&lt;
 river for water, was anything but prom
 ising, a fresh breeze blowing from the
 south-east, and a heavy swell setting or
 the bar; and I ought to have bee
 warned of the great risk 1 was about t«
 run. but at that time I had to pass an
 often without any accident, that I hac
 become fool-hardy, and verv dcnrli
 fought the experience which has sine*
 made me much more prudent. Tin
 captain had exchanged the jolly-boai
 for a gig, sharp at both ends, but wit I
 much less beam than a whale boat.—
 Wc had raised her one streak, and be
 ing anxious to try her, 1 took the leat
 on shoving her off, having with me
 Denman and Law but finding hei
 on deep, I advised Denman and Lawl
 to get into the pinnace or barge, and
 put also two heavy bags into the latter;
 when close to the bur, I hove to, t&lt;i
 bale out dry, and practise the men lot
 crossing a surf. On entering the break
 ers, I found them much heavier than 1
 “had anticipated, and saw from the first
 that it would be quite a mercy if wc
 crossed safely. However, we got ovci
 four breakers beautifully, the boiling
 foam taking us with it at a most violent
 rate; the fifth followed us like an over
 hanging mountain, with its crest in the
 act of curling, and w e rose to it just as
 it broke, becoming, as it were, a com
 ponent part of the foam. My feeling
 was that of intense anxiety, and I one
 time thought it would pass us, and had
 an encouraging all right” upon upon
 my tongue, when the angrv surf hoiled
 up afresh. There was a crash, a cry,
 and in an instant we were in the break
 ers; and never wore men rescued from
 a more hopeless situation. My first
 impulse was to dive from under the
 boat, and just as I rose to the surface,
 I found myself grappled by a man who
 could not swim, whom I endeavored to
 shake oil’, but finding I could keep him
 up, told him to keep his hand on my
 shoulder, and took him to the boat,
 which kept constantly turning round
 and round like a cask, and the seas
 constantly breaking over us, gave us
 so little breathing time that nearly all
 hope of being saved was taken away.
 It was a most awful moment, and all
 the places and things I had ever seen,
 seemed concentrated and present at the
 same instant to the mind’s eye with a
 startling distinctness; then the misery
 of being cut oft’ from nil, in rude
 health, with succor close at hand,nerv
 ed us all to make extraordinary exer
 tions, and I mentally prayed for pres
 ence of mind, for I felt that the safety
 of the whole depended so entirely on,
 me, that I used the whole of my breath-!
 ing time in cheering up the three men
 who could not swim. All eyes were
 fixed on the barge close to us, and ap
 proaching rapidly, hut every now and
 then hid by the overhanging crest of a
 wave, which engulfed us a second af
 terwards, keeping us down longer and
 longer as our strength failed us and we
 tilled with water. She was almost
 within our reach, when a furious
 breaker swept her past us with the
 speed of lightning, and buried us for
 some seconds. How plainly I saw' the
 faces of all in the barge as they passed
 ns, pale as death, with eyes straining
 with eager anxiety! but they were as
 hopeless as ourselves, and half filled
 their boat in endeavoring to round-to.
 My men began to despair, and utter the
 most piercing cries, and one of them
 said, Hood bye, Mr. Barnard, I am
 going down;” but I tapped him on the
 shoulder, and told him to look at the
 pinnace, then not fur from us, and we
 held on by the keel of the boat with
 the energy and despair of drowning
 men. At ltust six times did the surf
 wash me from one end of the boat to
 the other, my hand grasping (lie keel
 the whole length; still, on came our
 rescuers, our only hope; some screech
 ed and howled, others left the boat and
 swam towards the approaching one,and
 1 exerted my remaining strength in
 calling out, luff, luir,” fearing she
 would pass us like the barge; however,
 we were all picked up but one poor
 boy, named Crapwell, who was proba
 bly taken down by a shark. I bad
 grasped the bight of the jib-shcct, and
 when hauled into tiie pinnace was quite
 exhausted and black in the face, and
 my men were mnch in the same plight.
 Fortunately the Chipoli was at anchor
 about three miles from us, and we re
 ceived every attention and kindness
 from the American officers;, and Dr.
 Tuckeruiun soon restored us with bot
 tles of hot water at our feet, and fric
 tion of warm blankets, and 1 remained
 on board, sending the boats on. Wc
 all sullen d from an unquenchable thirst
 and a great soreness in our hacks and
 limbs. However, I was able to get to
 woik the next day.— Barnard's Cruise
 in ihe Mizauibiijiu’ Channel.
 A CHINESE WEDDING.
 'flic marriage ceremony is an im
 perative lo every Chinese; not to have
 a son to worship at his tomb is the
 dread ot ail; and the sooner this ditli
 cully is overcome, the better. The
 terms honorable and illustrious are used
 to the lather, while the bachelor is
 looked upon with certain horror. Sons
 are looked tijjpn as profitable and hou
 orable, while daughters are almost the
 contrary, and the rearing them is a
 matter of question with the parents,
 literally, whether it will pay or not;
 according to the accomplishments of the
 lady, so is her price or remuneration to
 her parents. Bearing the same sur
 name is about the only one liar to mar
 riage in general; and u.though this
 may appear but a trilling one, still,
 troni the few surnames iu China, it is a
 gi live impediment. Marriagable age is
 from fifteen on either side. A go-be
 tween, or puobc match-maker, frequent
 ly arranges the affair, but more com- 1
 !y it is settled by one of the parents.
 Mothers not uncommonly, in conversa
 tion, when in the happy state that those
 who love their lords wish to be, mutual
 ly promise that if of opposite sexes,
 their offspring shall in due time be man
 and wife. Love has not often a band
 in the matter. The anxious parents of
 the youth having, by one means or oth
 er, procured a btide for him, presents
 of geese, cakes, saiushoo, Uc., pass be
 tween the families. I was present at
the wedding «f a worthy grocer at
 Chusan, who, from time to time, during
 our atav, had supplied our mess in the
 general line. As soon as it was gives
 out that he was going to marry, all
 friend* of various grades sent congratu
 lating card*, enclosing, each according
 to his means, from a hundred to a thou
 sand or moreLi (3d.) cash. This, he told
 me, wn* purchasing a seat at the bridai
 feast for the donor and his wife. Early
 in the morning, the young female
 friends attend to dress the bride and
 weep—why the latter, I know not.—
 When all is ready, the bride enters a
 can ed and red gilt sedan, (to he hired
 in all villages, and used for marriages
 only.) First walk the hand, not very
 emblematic of harmony, perhaps, but
 that does not matter, followed by the
 household goods and wearing apparel
 of the bride, carried in red painted
 boxes, attended by her relations and
 friends. When arrived at the house of
 the bridegroom, he opens the door ol
 the sedan, and receiving his bride, steps
 with her over a pan of charcoal, conve
 niently placed on the threshold, then
 entering the house, they eat rice and
 drink tea together; which, with some
 verbal promises, complete the nuptials.
 On calling on the bridegroom at his
 residence and expressing a wish to sec
 the bride, I was ushered into a well
 furnished apartment, about which were
 strewn the newly arrived effects, and on
 one side a new grand bedstead, orna
 mented with red and gold; in front of it
 arrayed in a dress of red silk, and
 head-dress of gilt and silk, stood the
 i bride, attended by her female friends;
 this is the ceremonial costume, and of
 ten hired, beneath which she is attired
 in silks and satins. Having been pre
 sented, and taken the liberty of present
 ing to the lady a small English purse,
 which was thankfully received, I made
 my bow and took leave of her. I next
 joined the bridegroom at an entertain
 ment given to his friends, (i. e., all who
 had sent cards and money.) Much
 samshoo was drunk, and after feasting
 was over a kind of game played: one
 party threw out a number of lingers,
 and called them, while at the same
 time, the other anticipated and threw
 out a similar number; the failure in
 doing so incurred the obligation of
 drinking oft'a cup of samshoo. In an
 other apartment, at the same time, the
 bride entertained her friends. In the
 evening, a temporary theatre is erected
 in front of the house, and performances,
 fire-works, and the dm of gongs and
 music, lasts till daylight, wdicn all dis
 perse. On the following day, servants,
 sedan bearers, performers, and all who
 have waited the day before,are feasted;
 and thus ends the ceremony.— Lieut.
 Forbes's Fire Years ill China.
 A WONDERFUL PHENOMENON,
 A singular phenomenon was lately
 discovered at Greenfield, near Detroit.
 The facts noticed in the Detroit Adver
 tiser, are as follows:
 The Messrs. Grangers, in boring to
 find water to supply their steam saw
 mill, sunk a four inch hole to the depth
 of 70 feet, when they struck a vein or
 cavity. As they withdrew the augur,
 from the hole, to their great surprise, it
 was followed by a violent current of air,
 that threw up stones as large as hen’s
 eggs, 10 or 15 feet high.
 P'or a few moments, when the hole
 was first opened, the air was accom
 panied by a stream of water, which
 was throw n 10 or 12 feet high. The
 water, however, soon ceased coming,
 and the air rushed out with such vio
 lence that the roar could he distinctly
 heard 50 or (iO rods distant. On touch
 ing fire to the air, it caught, and the
 flames flashed 20 feet high, atd came
 near burning the building, covering the
 machinery in which it is located. They
 finally succeeded, with considerable
 difficulty, in stopping it, by forcing
 down the blankets, and driving a spile
 into the hole, which was their only
 means of stopping the air or gas, and
 extinguishing the flames.
 For several moments after the hole
 was stopped, the earth trembled and
 shook for some distance around, as
 though an eruption was about to take
 place. The people, who by this time
 had gathered to the number of about a
 hundred, were greatly alarmed at
 these symptoms, and scattered with ail
 possible rapidity, supposing that Mil
 lerisni” was about coming to a focus,
 or that they were soon to be blown sky
 high by an earthquake. From the
 time it was opened till it was thus
 closed, about six hours, the air gushed
 out with unabated force. It has been
 opened several times since, with the
 same effect. The power and force of
 the air does not seem to diminish in the
 least. I'hc Messrs. Grangers are pto
 po-ing to secure it w ith an apparatus,
 so as to shoot it off and let it out a
 leisure, and test its real qualities.—
 The people in the vicinity arc all
 confident now that it can be conveyed
 here in pipes, and successfully used
 for lighting the city with gas, from
 this very natural, underground barom
 eter. e learn that several scientific
 gentlemen of this city intend visiting it
 soon.”
 FRENCHMAN AT IHS STUDIES.
 I he difficulties w hich foreigners en
 counter in their efforts to acquire the
 English language, are neither few' nor
 light. 1 lie following amusing dialogue
 gives a good idea of some of them:
 Frenchman —lla, my good friend, I
 have met with one difficulty—one very
 strange word, llow vou call H-o-u-&gt;»-h:
 Tutor llufT.
 Frenchman —Tres bien, Huff; and
 Sniff you spell S-n-o-u-g-h, ha*!
 1 ufor- Oh, no, no; Snuff is S-n-u
 -double-f. Ihe fact is, words in o«gA
 are a little irregular.
 Frenchman Ah, ver’ good. Tis
 beau Yu 1 language. H-o-u-g-h is Huff.
 I will remember; and (.--o-u-2-h is
 Cuff. I hare one bad Cuff, ha?" 5
 1 u.or X&gt;, that is wrong. We say
 Kanf, not Cuff.
 Frenchman Kiuj\ eh him. Huff
 and k.nnj, and, pardonnez, moi, how;
 you call D-o-u-g-hr Huff, ha?
 Tu’or —No, not Duff
 Frauhurnn—Si,t Duff Ah! oui; I
 understand, it is Dauf, hew
 1 ,ilor No, d-o-u-g-h spells Doe.
 Frenchman—Dot! h is very fine,
 wonderful language; it is Dae, and
 l-o-u-g-h is To r, ccrt3inemcnt. My
 beefsteak was very JW.
Tutor —Ob, no, no; you should sa
 Dtff.
 Frenchman Tuff? Lc Pisble! an
 the thing the farmer uses, how you cal
 him, P-I-o-u-g-h PI «J0 r b« !yo
 smile; I see I am wrong, it is PlanJ
 No! ah, then it is Plot, like Doe; it i
 beauful language, vcr* fine— Plot f
 Tulor —You are still wrong, m
 friend. It is Plow.
 Frenchman Plow! Wonderful lan
 guage. 1 shall understand rer* soon
 Pint, Dot Kauf; and no roore-
 R-o-u-g-h, what you call General Tay
 lor; Rnuf and Ready? No! ccrtainc
 ment, it is Row and Ready?
 Tutor —No; R-o-u-g-b spells Ruff.
 Frenchman Ruff, ha! Let me no
 forget. R-o-u-g-h is Ruff, and B-o-u-g-i
 is Buff, ha!
 Tutor —No, Bow.
 Frenchman Ah’ ’tis ver’ simple
 wonderful language, but I have lia&lt;
 what you call E-n-o-u-g-h, ha! wba
 you call him?
 Buhting Ai.ive. —A paper was rcai
 before the French academy of Science
 in which the following extraordinary
 instance was adduced as a reason fo
 abolishing the present custom of bury
 ing too soon after death
 A young female had been twice pro
 nounced dead when only in a trance
 but had recovered in both instances ii
 time to prevent being buried alive. A
 third trance came on, and in conse
 quence of what had previously occurred
 permission was obtained from the con
 stkutcd authorities for the body to ro
 main above ground as long as decoui'
 position should not take place. A
 week—ten days passed away—thert
 was still no decomposition, but all the
 1 medical men declared that she was
 i dead, and at length she was laid in hei
 coffin. Only a few minutes before the
 coftin was to be nailed down, and while
 I the bell of the village church was al-
 I ready tolling for her funeral, a female
 from an adjoining village, w ho had beer
 the school-fellow of the supposed de
 funct, came to take a last farewell. She
 stooped to kiss the lips of her departed
 friend, and remaining in that position
 i for some time, the bystanders attemptec
 to remove her, lest her emotion should
 :be injurious to her. She waived them
 with her hand, and remained with
 her lips upon those of her friend, and
 i breathing as it turned out afterwards,
 the warm breath of life into her lungs.
 At length she exclaims, “she lives
 and rising from the body pointed out
 unequivocal signs of life. She stated
 that as she was kissing her friend, she
 fancied she felt her breathe, and in a
 few minutes was convinced of the fact.
 The female was taken out of the coffin
 and placed in a u'arni bed, and in the
 course of a few hours, fully revived,
 She stated that she was, during hei
 trance, fully sensible to all that was
 passing around, and that she even
 heard the death-bell toll, but was utter
 ly incapable of speech or sign to show
 that she was not dead.
 Definition ok Nothing.—At the
 Donegal assizes, the following burner
 ous cross examination of a w itness occa
 sioned much merriment in the court:
 “Mr. Doherty—‘What business da
 you follow'‘l am a schoolmaster. 1
 ‘Did you turn oft your scholars, or did
 they turn you oft? ‘I do not wish to an
 swer irrelevant questions.’ (Laughter.';
 ‘Are you a great favorite with the pu
 pils?, ‘Aye troth I am; a much greatei
 favorite than you are wifi the public. 1
 ‘Where were you, sir, this night? 1
 ‘This night!’ said the witness; there is
 a learned man for you—this night is not
 come yet? I suppose you mean that
 night.’ (Here the witness looked at the
 Judge and winked his eye as if in tri
 umph.) ‘I presume the schoolmaster
 was abroad that night doing nothing?’
 inquired the attorney. ‘Define nothing
 said the witness. Mr. Doherty did not
 comply. ‘Well,, said the learned school
 master, I will define it—it is a foot
 less stocking without any leg.’—(Roars
 of laughter in which the judge joined.)
 ‘You in ay go down sir.’ ‘Faith, I well
 believe your tired enough of me, but it
 is my profession to enlighten the public,
 and if you have any more questions to
 ask I will answer them.
 Too Neat by Half. There arc
 some excellent housewives who seein to
 be afflicted with the demon of tidiness.
 Their love of cleanliness amounts to a
 perfect mania. So atrociously neat are
 they, that their houses, instead of being
 in order, are always in a mess, from
 the very fact of their being continually
 cleaning them. A late writer thus
 aptly describes one of these over-par
 ticular women: Either the stairs were
 wet and carpets up—or else all the fur
 niture was wheeled out of one room
 into another—or the beds were being
 taken to pieces—or the paint was being
 scrubbed down—or the windows were
 being cleaned —or the floors being
 scoured, so that it was almost impossi
 ble to sit down in any room one wanted,
 or to walk up stairs or along the pas
 sage, without tumbling over a pailful of
 water. The lady was as particular
 with the boys, too, as she was with the
 house. Every Saturday she was in
 her glory, for it was “tub night,” and
 then she made a point of hoping and
 trusting that the maids would not spare
 the soap. But with all her peculiari
 ties she was a good, kind-hearted little
 body, and an excellent wife.”
 Njaga r a Outdone.— Among the
 chfts of the Eastern Ghats, about mid
 way between Bombay and Cape Como
 nn rises the river Shirawati, which
 alls into the Arabian Sea. The bed of
 the river is one-fourth of a mile in di
 rect breadth; but the edge of the fall is
 el ipt.cal, with a sweep of half a mile.
 A las body of water rushes at first, for
 three hundred feet over a slope at an
 angle ot 45 deg. in a sheet of white foam,
 and is then precipitated to the depth of
 eight hundred and fifty more, into a
 black abyss with a thundering noise.
 It has, therefore, a depth ofeleveu hun
 dred and fifty feet! In the rainy sea
 son the river appears to be about thirty
 feet in depth at the fall; in the dry sea
 son it is lower and is divided three cas
 cades of varied beauty and astonishing
 grandeur. Join our fall of the Genesee
 to that of St. Lawrence, then treble the
 two united and we have the distance of
 the Shirawati cataract. While we al
 low to Niagara a vast superiority in
 hulk, yet in respect to distance of des
 cent it is but a mountain rill compared
 with its Indian rival!
AW m fir Prm,
 A TRIBITE TOR TBE NEGRO,
 4 ’inwarioj or t«t robu, ibtii
 tECTCAL ANb RELIGIOUS CAPABILITIES OF
 f THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 W *fA particular rrfrrrrsrt to the A Avait rare,
 tn mimrma. attrhmtir fert«, Biographic!
 Sketches, Tnumuoin «f Travellers, kr.
 Thr motive* which have orttcitrd thr mOkit ii
 P* r p» 'in« Uw alniTrHßptitMariJ «&lt;«k, irr solrlv j
 &lt;f l l&gt;f t rr t i4n miijkti n thr politic mind,,«
 W^frt rnnnrdnl wilti ihr hapfiinr&lt;.&lt; a
 WW J W p&gt;rtiua of the haman family an
 n*kiti&lt;«o of facts and testimoaieu, which m
 I cwn annul, to remove r deeply-rooted pre
 1 jl".. l 'ng i" the mads of many, respecting thi
 I African nice.
 It is an important question whether the Nrfm L
 constitutionally, and therefore irretneilial.lv mfrrioi
 to tlw white man, in the powers of tlie mind. Mori
 of the future tvelfirr of the human rare depends ot
 the aiwwer which experience ami farts will him id
 to this question; fc* it cuncrms not unk the va*i
 population of Africa, hut many millions of 1 the Negrt
 rare, who we located elsewhere,and the whites win
 I are bromiing mixed with the Mark rare, in ronntriei
 w here Slavery exists, or where it has exiated till
 within a recent jieriod. Many persons have ventnr
 i ml upon peremptory de&lt; Uiors*on l*»tb side* of th,
 Question Twit the majority appear to le still nr sails
 ned as to the real rapalnlities of thr Negro rare.—
 Their present actual inferioritv in many respects,
 comparing them as a whole with the lighter colour
 ed portion of mankind, is too evident tone disputed;
 hot it must he home in mind that they are not in a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to lie drawn be
 tween the two. Their present degraded state may
 lie easily »rcounted for hv the circumstances amidst
 i which Negroes have lived, both in their own country
 and aim tail. If* single instance can be adduced o
 j an individual of the African rare exhibiting a genius
 which wmild be considered eminent in civilized Euro-
 I pean society, we have a proof that tliore is no incotn
 paliliilify between Negro organization and high in
 j tellerhial power. But it is not one alone, but many
 j remarkable cases of this description tliat are brought
 forward in the present volume, which includes up
 wants of 150 Biographical sketches of Africans or their
 descendants, besides Facts and Anecdotes, Tcstimo
 airs of Travellers, .Missionaries, ite., the whole
 forming a complete “Tribute for the Negro,”
 1 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un
 founded calumnies which have been hea|&gt;ed on the un
 fortunate race of Africa, proving them to lie endowed
 w ith every characteristic constituting tlieir identity
 with tlie great family of Man, and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are“ life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which is a daring usurpation of the
 prerogative ami authority of the Most High.
 Tlie work w ill lie rendered additionally interesting
 by AN appropriate introducto’ry foem’
 written purposely for tlie occasion, by Bernard
 Barton. It will also lie enriched by tlie addition
 of a Ijeniitiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to the London Missionary Society, representing two
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidence before a
 Select Committee of the House of Commons. The
 Afrieans are giving evidence, Dr. Phillip is seated
 in the foreground,and James Read, sen. and jun.,
 Missionaries from South Africa, arc standing, the
 latter acting as interpreter. Tlie volume will also eon
 tain portraits of
 Cinque, the Chief of Amistad Captives.”
 Jan Tratroe, Christian Chief of tlie Amakosoe
 Trilie,South Africa.
 J. C I’enington, a highly esteemed Minister
 of the Gospel, of pure African extraction.
 Frederick D&lt;ru glass,the fugitive slave.
 Olauijaii Equiano, orGusTAVus Vassa.
 Engraved on steel by first-rate Ai tists. Also a fac
 simile of the writing of Toussaimt L’Oover
 ture, the Black Chief of Hayti.
 Tlie work will be printed in tlie liest type, on fine
 pajier, and consist of alxiiit 500 page*Bvo., beautiful
 ly Inhiihl in cloth, with an ap|&gt;ropriate device, form
 ing an elegant volume for the draw ing-roont table.
 All profitsarising from its sale will be devoted to
 the Anti-Slavery cause; American price, to subscribe
 ers $?3; to non-subscriliers s‘4; individuals dcsirci.
 of (sissessing copies will oblige by sending ilieir oi
 ders to Wilson Akmistkad, Leeds; or to the
 North Star Office.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 RE PUBLICATION or
 77c London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Revieir,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodical* are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on tlicir arrival l»y the British steamer*,
 in a Ixrantitid clear type, oh fine white (Kipcr, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’*
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 I hey embrace tile views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and tire London Quarterly” are Tory; tire
 “EdinUirgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is nrorc of a religions character, having been
 originally edited by I&gt;r. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted Irj his son-in-law, I)r.
 Manna, associated with Sir Ihivid Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOII IS4S, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of tire Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments tube made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will be
 sent to one address on payment of the regular eub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’* Magazine secures to us early slieets of
 th;»t work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hand* of subscribers before any
 portion of it r:ui I* reprinted in any of the American 1
 Journals. For this and otlier advantages secured to
 our subscriber* we pay so large a consideration, diat
 we may lie compelled to raise die jirice of the Maga
 zine. Tliereforc we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and tr di ms should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD BCOTT fc CO.
 7U Fulton street. New York, j
 r rilC GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN-
 1 M ITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Ph.la- 1
 dolphia. (liartered in 1836—4 'Harter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 5^300,4*00 —Beujuinin W. Richard*, Presi
 dent. Continue* to make insurance on lives, giant 1
 annuities and eni to wine lit*, and accept trusts from in
 dividual*, corjmrale bodies, au&lt;i couits of ju, tine,
 and execute tliern agnvahty to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or ou
 inti rest.
 Tls- Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 die insurance Cir life, ami on the 2l&gt;t!i of January
 last, an aildition was ru.id to all die policies for lit-,
 remaining in force and issued prinr to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in polities iisued in 1837; 7 j pur cunt. on policies
 issue I in 183 K, ami in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dales.
 'ldle chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 viife a sum of'money at the &lt;leath of the part* insur
 ed, for die benefit of a widow, chitdn-n, frien.l* or
 ereilitors; ami it will lie seen on examination of die
 Lai Ac of rate* of the life insurance, which will le
 furnished In the snbs-Tils-r to all who may M an
 intei est lu die subject, dial by par iug a *maN *wn to
 the office every v*ar dm ing hi* life, a person may se
 cure to his family a very eonshferabfe amount at his
 feeesj*.
 Wherever die system of Life Insurance is properly
 1 uuderslood, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages to all, Isit i»re especially to those who
 &lt;iepend on llieir ow-nexrfl* mi* for the suj&gt;j»at of du-ir
 faimlies, far who mav be drsiriou* to secure the pay.
 inent of a su u of mwuey to their (rieali, creditor* nr
 children, at tiieir decease, which they might be oth
 erwise amble to accomplish, that die oprrati.Ni of the
 system newts but to he explained to smart the set i
 ou* coiui feral ion of the public.
 In several iastwreus it has happened that the party
 insured has died shortly after harmg paid oak one
 or two instalment* of dm premium, whan lus mmih
 have reteiv.il from this office the full ana amt Ch
 wbirh la hud waved.
 I'hß internal on on this important swiiject may be
 oMaiatrJ by applying, personally or by letter (p.»t
 paid) at the alien of the subseriher, the sutHiaisml
 agent of the Girard Life liuwraace Company
 WILLIAM BAKfcWELL.
 BukeweUV Law Hstikliags,
 Grant street, i'ltuburgh.
 W* 11. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad
 Ahoaa extrusive assortment of Cravats,
 Hmni, Glove, fee
 Albany, Kgb. 1), 1848.
PROSPKECTUS OF THE
 Anfriraa Pkrfi tltflfal Jonah
 O. 9. FOWLER, EDITOR.
 T) rrfcr« awl perfect «t»h« awl mr rare, i*
 (be Bust exakrd t »H work*. Yrt, to do *hi»we
 nw«t iimkrtowl the Human Constitution. Thi«
 Pfcnanlncr, PbrnnlitT and Vital EapiHWi em
 brace. awl enirt expuond all the law* of owe b*k*f»
 conditions of Inpiiini*. and oartiWe the philoao*
 phrr* atone of Universal Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each amber mil nrrtaio cither theaualysis and
 locattoo «f *Mnr phrenological froiftv, ißu*tr»tril In
 an Etagraving, or an artical an their mabiintWrf
 and abo the organization awl character of some ilia*
 tinguishrd petsonage, MC«Wfasi«l bj a likrncw.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Lifr, The great itoranrat of talent vir
 toe and happiness. all of w hich it augment*. To Ms
 restoration, eprvial attention w ill hr
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With prartial instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truths which it unlUiU, will tw presented in
 this Journal.
 TOIJtO MEN.
 Tj|* blrssinj* they enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, and their prejetrafion fiw conducting our insti
 tutions, will form the theme of a tehee of articles.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 ho does not long oamestly, aud would not strive
 assithmtisly, to cultivate bis natural power*, and
 reieler himself better and more happy 1 To mrli,}
 each utunher w ill lie a prompter ami text-hook.
 TERMS—invariably m advance —U.\E IHtLI.-
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of thi* Journal will be
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letters and ortlers most be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
 TI7JI.LIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 v v Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedfitrd.
 W B. L. keeps constantly no hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for rash. Strict attention
 Kid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 tv is
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are r**s*|K*&lt; tl'ully inthrmed, tlmt since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of F.morv College, Ga., and the*scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hcmmrr of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived l*\
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, m a healthy condition, is in a po*uivt
 electrical state, ami that the electrical emanations
 from the cutieiibr surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms nad cliaracter of disease—(lit re is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferation*
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitatr to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northani
 ton \Y ater Cure. Thus sustained bv the light
 of science, tlie utuiersigned may I* permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the otlier hand, wlien the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 .already convinced the public of the "safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and churartci
 of disease, ami practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hcmiuer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, "and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, (lie undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit.nnd merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a erne, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 Tlie Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near BensonvilJe, on the west hank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mile*
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of bath*, supplied with water, which, foi
 i abundance, purity, ami adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 i blishment in this country. Tlie scenery in this
 vicinity is picture stjue and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to ap|»car as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which arc fe re successfully
 treated, are iteatlaclie, tendency of blood to tlie head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jami
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the Isiyvcts
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, jjervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica,lame limbs, paralysis,fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tlieinseWes with
 thre e comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut f-»r fomentations, an old cloak or tuantle, an um
 brella, and a jKiir of slippers.
 Terms for treatment ami Imnrd are £5 50 to
 -wb oO pet week, |&gt;aiable yyeekly— washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or die character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone 011 the third floor
 w ill pay £8 00 per week—mi tlie first and second
 fhsirs, .*8 M per week. Patient* uijuiiing extra i
 attention or fire in tlieir rooms, (except for swath
 lug purp«»ses,) will furtiiidi their own nurses ami fuel
 or pay au extra price.
 D. RUGCLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 cast, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be m readiness at the Northampton deixit to
 convey tlieiu hither. 1
 lonian Mood, in a norma! and healthy con
 rlitHm of the human system, is i„ a
 whicli is constantly maintained by the activity of d* I
 generating sources within—an excess generally on*.
 from the cnticnlar surface, so mat I
 out of 356 experiments maile by Mr. Uem.nerof!
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 c ,A This surplusage
 A the fluid upon die surfi.ee, we believe to I* mdi*
 lensable to t!ie liealthful condition of the w Imfe
 uuuml economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 ijeoa.idrt ss, delivered before tlie Medical College of
 i.Srgia, at the opening of its annual session, siov.
 L 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M IL, Prof. ..or of
 Jhemwtry and Pharma, v, and Professor of Phvskal
 Science in Euwry College, Ga., age 25
ATHOL WATER LIRE.
 THE Suhsrriljer bet?* Imre tn raff ff attention
 of Invalids, especially tho»e sufo ringf lro«
 j ebroni&lt;- disease, to his bydrojiailiic estaldisiuueM is
 Athol, Ma*«.
 Ilia home w a* opened for tiie n-reptioo ti—fi
 I J eM&lt; ®i a,H I il is believed oftt-rn cx&lt; client fatli
 tie» for a |ihil»»,&gt;phic ami llioro'i-.'h morse in hydra
 patby. i he supply 1/ water ia ahumhitl, a nd ia
 *r W '-Vi T*f, P ru4 *o**i»c»-&lt;1 t-qual to water on a
 distilled. The location ia quite eligible, la-ine bui
 abun distance frram the V. it M. railroad. The
 vicinity almunds to a variety of sceut-ry, ami ha*
 diuriuing ground* for walk* ami rainUra. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, avamtain air, and 1
 tvrcue, [Mitieuu out scarcely foil to obtain the
 healthful result* for whit h they labor.
 _ Thn following earn illustrate* the* remark. Mr*.
 lha. 8., of Warwick, aceiii
 th»m-five years, waa brought to me lay
 August. Her caw presented the follow in; ptirm&gt;-'
 im.ua. If pfooed ia an erect position, ami left u»-
 *uppsled, she forthwith foil lawk want to lit*-
 Sronnd. If bring well .opened, she mmle an
 elfoct to walk, either font, when carried forward, I
 fo r tfou to the contrary, would cxo*« the
 T .Vjl ll l **d**io« nearly a
 M** HtPireataw-at cwmcocesl the llkh of Sept.,
 Wplined to the 2Jtb Oct. oaly, when 4*
 for recovered u l/ile aide t» walk half a
 wide with raw. Sines her return In her fomdy, dr
 Iti. coritiuord her bulk*, with ounaudiiq ,m
 provnnent to her health. She now attemi, u, fo-, i
 sanest* intie*, and with the assistance of a uod)!
 H tr j» doe* the work of her fomiU.
 r«ieat» are desired to bring three rmnforuidtvt
 one paw of wonHea blanket*. one pair of afarrt*’'
 Sl.Ugri WW IWl ek oU let. tor
 Term, from dye to ton dollars per week, accord
 to the necessities or rhats of the Mfemta.
 TVow who are Irss pertwwW in the s&gt; foetina ut
 raonw. er are wiltin; to orropy them fo
 iritb others. wM he chared lew.
 Atfod, March, ISIS. UEORtij; UOYT.
 :SSSssdrat«*a
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAT'RFR AND LEGAL
 CERE.
 •T LY9ANREE ’POORER.
 The Atzuiy Patriot calls it—** A newt pamphlet of
 108 pngrw—a eery remarkable production.” __
 I Whether nil the mat icrpaS wins of Mr. Bqtauw T
 would be realised by the foil adoption of his the*.,
 !we do not here stop to enquire; hot we heartily com’
 i mend his endrwvor to the notice of nil who love
 transparent forriMe diction—intrepid independence
 original thought—and entire firm lorn from the cant
 of sect or party. Ass jwtirml w riter, he has a depth,
 a compass, fsr beyond any one whore product*.
 have met our rye in a long time.”
 limit’s Merchant’s Magazine says—" It xhwvl,
 .in bold awi originnl tliouglits. The illegal cause* of
 poverty arc state,l. and a number of important propo.
 I sitioos I*wring on the subject laid down; and.&lt;hi the
 whole, we coasitlcr it a work well worth shelving
 affording ns it does many valuable hints to the states,
 nan ami political economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette mv« —"An able and certain.
 It original w»»rk, from the pen of l.v sander Spooner,
 Esq. —rnnlinr of tlmt powerful U&gt;ok which demon,
 strain* the «uir&lt;.wrtituu*»nuiity of American Slavery.
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen ihoin
 searching than Sponner.,* This new work is de*.
 tined to lead to a re-examination of all boner *y«-
 trins of political ecote'inv.” At first blush hi* m&gt;-
 nomlcal pr»«pr&gt;si turns stride us as sustainable—and if
 thry are so. his work will prevail, and pr&gt;dwe an
 iiiq*&gt;rtioit revolution in the present prevailing &lt;jfi J
 tem.
 Every one shonhl read it.”
 lIEL.V M.llthll, Publisher, Boston.-
 Part 1. Price 2S Cents.
Han*&gt; H*fUbl«-L\irarl
 I* the only itmfity ilml can be relied on for the
 permanent cure of sfpasinodic Contractions, Irrita--
 doanf the Nerve*, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nervous Termor*, Neuralgic Attectioos, (xntn
 Debility. Deficiency of Nervous an&gt; sical Kner-"
 ft, an*f aM Nervon* Disorders, including the most
 dreadful of all diseases that affect the human rare—
 Fplqwy, or Fnllt*K SkF***.—Hysterical Fits,-
 Convulsions, f*pasms, &amp;c It is weft known, that
 from time immemorial, Physicians hare pronounced
 Epileptic Fils incurable, "it has battled all their
 skill, nml the boasted power of all medicine, and
 j conn* quentlv thousands have suffered through a ntis
 i erable existence, ami at last yielded up their lives un'
 the Altar of Insanity. —The proprietor of the Y'cgft--
 I able Extract, bow ever, feels no delicacy in saving
 that it can la- cured. He wuvlt), therefore, respect*
 fully invite physicians, ami all others who art* inter*
 ested, to examine the testimony which is here ottered.
 If it is deception, let i: lie cx|io*ed hot if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Fpilej *y is incurable.
 Heart's YtgrtuUt Fitraet. —For sixteen years,
 has Ix-cn te&gt;ted bv many persons who have skittered
 with this dreadful dissase, and in every rase where
 it has had a t.ir trial, lias effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, IVcw York, state* that
 his daughter has beeu nlMieted with Fits for more
 than nine years, ami has lieen cured by tin; use- of
 the V egi table Extract.
 Airs. J. l’&gt;iadey. 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she has been snlyect to Fits for many
 years, and has hern restored to perfect health (after
 every oilier means hail tiiiled) by the use ot the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Drown, of Dover, Russell en.,
 Alabama, who is one of the Iwst l’hysicians in tli«
 State, says that lie lias been much Is in-fitted by the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and thiit he unlk-sitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis (J. Alaylienv, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford (Jo., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that fur many y-ars past he
 lms ls-cn sorely attticteil with Fits, and he is now
 happy to state that a |ierscvering use of l)r. Hart's
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 being entirely fteed from that worst of all diseases.
 Judge Kandnll, N. lob Henry street, New York,
 luiviug used the- Vegetable Extract successfully m
 his family, highly iecoinmends it to all |x-rsous wlu&gt;
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, state* that,
 Mr. has, 11. Houghton, a member id'his family has
 been so severely afflicted w ith Epileptic Fits for
 many years, tliat lie was obliged to relinquish his.
 Inisimss. I laving used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Ex
 traet (says Mr. l'r.itt,) lie was soon resforeil to
 perfect health, and left this city for tlic State of
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Chuirfi,
 SpotswiMxl, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for inori* than forty years, stale*
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extinct, and
 his health In s lieen so iniirli improved that he iu-pes
 by Hi vim- blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Fjtiltjtic Fits. For twenty-seven years and six
 months, i wed by the use of this truly wondxritif
 medicine.
 Read the following renmikahle ease of t!a- son of
 Win. Secore, Fs&lt;|, of Philadelphia, afflict, d with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years ami six months.
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, (hr*
 many ami France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, amt expending tor medicine, im-diral.
 treatment and advice tim e thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in N’ovcuiU-r last., will
 out receiving any lienefit wluitever, ami was cured
 by using Hurt's Ytgitnllt Fxinul. —l liau: qtent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and iim-oicil
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him wlpcli I did. I first visited Englsnsl,.
 I consulted the moat eminent physicians tin re ui
 respect to his ease; they examined him and pr*-.-rri-
 Ud accordingly. 1 remained there three iihiihl.s
 without perceiving any change for die better, which,
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, jus-f
 -eted In I lie physicians, and the most that 1 received
 was tin ir opinion that m\ sou’s rase was Ituiiclcs.*,
 and POSITIVELY IM PKAM.K. I accordingly
 l« It England travelled through Scot lane, (•eruiany
 and I-ranee, aurl returned home in U.o mouth of
 N’oveiuUir last, with my son as for from being cured
 as w hen 1 left, I saw your advertisement in one of
 tire New York. pa pets, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, feeing your statements and
 cntilicales ot so many r me*, some of twenty awi
 tbiity veins standing, and I rail assure you I aui w t
 sorry I did so, as by tire use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone lie was restored to PERFECT
 II E.\ 1.1)i. Hi;, k asoti, wbu ll was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with tire
 prospect trow lie to re him of tile, health and useful
 ness. He is now 2b years of age, anil 27 yeais H
 months o| this time lias Ireen afflicted with this,
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank (*vd is now
 enjoying good Inultli.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t Iwlicvn
 in. To say 1 slraU be ever grateful to you is «m
 thing, and a* I here enclose you one hundred dolars,
 I have no doubt but you will think tkis another ard
 quite a different thing, ’lire debt of gratitude 1 still
 owe you; hut phase accept this amount as mu rut
 oil die debt in advance.
 Y ours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILI.LaM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY P'PON testimony.
 lii leff-ieiue to tlie aluuist miraculous effaary of
 this truly wonderful medicine, read the following
 letter from l)r. W. L» Monroe, of Ciuilfonl, Ohio,
 one ot toe most eiuiueut |ihysic:ans in that place:
 n i i (*uilf«rd, Ohio, August 17, lH4t&gt;.
 Hnitbcr laborer in the cause of iiamamtv—Dear
 •ir. It is with no small tlegrce of pkasuie that
 am enabled to announce to vmi (be complete triumph.
 Voor mvahs-.bls medicine in rases of Kptlrpsv. b
 late preserdKsi it in four instance* in this VKUiiiy,
 amt it lias been highly successful in all. Three of
 the patients, 1 trs«i, have hern radically cured.
 Inc fouitit one is rapidly improving, and will, I
 »Hhsrt doubt recover. I am as u» iW Im»InI
 vrf prescribing or recommending (nteM metlieines,
 when I sr wi arUt.le which promise* so'immrii
 wtr the relief of »uttci iug humanity, I (eel my duty
 t*» rMXMRueiKi it, ami I have no Waitaliin in awy
 umtimt as soro the foculty we fully amuanui'..'
 willi the r€'.d uu-rit of your medicine, they will
 etnw the r eyes against prejudicu and lewl row a
 ■MRMng hau l.
 I sulwerds- myself yours, sinnsrk,
 W. L. MO.NkOE, M. D.
 To Dr. S. Hart, New Y&lt;wk.
 piE TIME to ROT FAR DIRTANT
 WWu Umusuiub who me now treuddimf u uk*
 thr Imihi uf lint drunliJ liumf f ami Umnix (lul
 attsrk rney prove wi find pmrnirirt
 rehef am Lu h. new fife, by l.ag Un.
 celebrated iiwdreuw. 1
 OVER ONE THOPIMND CT.RTIFH’ATHS
 Have Un received m testiusmy dw IWiwtuial
 wTexESST 4 l*. Hail’s VrgtU
 JCh Erepwed fay lUftT, M. New York.
 ttS
 ou
 owefuUy packed up in boxes for Iran**
 pnstaljou, ami send to am part of the Piuual
 s&gt;«xici*, at si West Iwiies.
 TIIOMAR It kliu*. las Main strret, (i«*
 cuuiati, Oho, flcneral Agent* (s the Foiled
 (a %hwn nM ruaiuumiralaun mnst bu ad*
 dressed PuW F»hl.
 A. B It i&gt;. Hsml* Cwnsr of ami WißiawSt.
 New York.
 IE Wade, Main k tk. Paul* Rochester,
 J*. Iloßhlge, 217 Main street Hufibfo,
 h K. (saylurd. Agents tm Utnibui Ohm,
 Fay R Kilßiourne. l oksuls**.
 J. G It (J, 1| HiU, Drtrwit, Mithfaput,
 W«. INauiinihsin. Mdlwnokw NY is.
 J. R tttv-d, ami l'o» iVxatv HL
 Ikict. T. Masuo, Ihslisque lowa.
 11. Bbckstry, and U. H». Emus Me.
 Ami far tfafa by «h* priwipal Dr«mg,&lt;u.
 thrusnhog* lbs I sued States.
 THOM At* &lt;t MH.M \m Mein .tnwt,
 i wciswui oiist*
"
