"KIIEDEIUCK DOUGLASS,
 M H. DELANY, S
YOL. 1. NO. 15.
The TfOHTII ST\H i* p"hl«' h, d evcrr
 Friday, at No. «5, HulT.ilo Mrect,
 A'CO'it.)
 TERMS. j
 *r* I It _ Jr'Vl IH
 i &lt;s tr i&gt;i f.ir a Icm t* rin Utaii
 a"/.'l Vi-. H-nl. *4 -'WW'iinf t rn linn in—li.'i
 ,V
 lion, t»vf nf\-fi&gt;
 Th»: iJutt oftlK V'KTH &gt;*TM» will tr to attic k
 ,s U «t ill all it* i* m :hl a -i’ &lt;u w
 I E cxiik tiie rtawfcu 1
 ,f 1' :ii.ic Jl 'KU.nv; imuftib* the moral and in
 in,l i Oiirov, i t t*« f a OLO»Kll l*» -'*W,
 m l l«&gt;.,n .by of FREEDOM the Ti*R»:«|
 .MIM lOSb of our ESSLATKII FtLLOW CotK
 TBYMK*.
 PUHUSHEU’S NOTICES.
 ftV AH e-.w n«i-iicatioiw nlrtioff t»»_*he Imsmrt*
 mrtin* of tli
 t.niv,, kr., .1..,..! I la to John I'hk,
 L. -A) oilu-r* ‘.•itlii.i? names, arc
 .E-AvS;*-
 C ..ury, an t i:i« Mittr. Each Huhxcrilicr i*
 tw :i lt. lv re .0.1 f.r 111 MH!&gt; O ‘Veil.
 r* f \v, .-ling in tin* |W&gt;inent far l&lt;*»r j
 *.|li-iiil»i«. v, Ik f 'll to one aU.es-, may
 ta»e a :.iVa l a oiv year.
 V'l lU.i- a 1 C 'ill a-iai a'io.l# WWt l« I H 1
 fiaid,
 i i-i &lt;&gt;i■ r.vf s»
 Ko-to i; N.t 1.1 -I'-N &gt;l.
 Emm-, 1.. W I: J l
 r.*, u r .t B it t .v.n&lt;» i.. 1,
 Clia.p. 11. Setlt. Spri.io-ier! David j
 tWOia 11 j»tII r “i' '’V’"*.
 IIMM .-'t" 1 r 'i!’ v .1 r
 VkrmoM'.—fi ial ‘ll i linin'*.*.•», Nofta Frr
 FI ''lull if 1«
 in s i 1 111 i t. —Joint &gt;:r« 1.-onar 1, New I latcn
 \r.»v II .Mf'Hiit* .—Wear?- T:ij-|»;m, llra-llonl.
 KW VoitK. S-, !ii&lt;*v 11. &lt;ii*. 112, Nassau
 .Street; Ja ne* Met.’iiac S'.iiil., 9S, West Ur.a'lway,
 Ji.0.,,',’ |'„,i, W 'ili in, (fu i n Comity Mary Ifar
 is r, A!l&gt; u.v; Klin-- 1&gt; ty. Mac lm; Willett* Keen-,
 I’cio, t'li i'o i C mol' ill'm iS. lViltimore, Troy;
 J. I’. IMatt, IV'i.i Y in; J- Jeffrey, Geneva; E. 1..
 Hail, Hath. _
 Ktiotih I*l wn.— \'.V!;a i!'Y I line, l rovulenec.
 I’i nn-vm r,n.—-J. M. 'i i\rn,.ll, North F ille
 street, Hul l I. i .in i; W. &lt;i lire*, S, Ev’ua i n
 |,i v, Dili; E. i’, i i,'.’i:t*’ m-.; Wm. Whipper, 1
 Clin nl.'.; I u*. Ul- J.e-'.l. 1.. l’avm, Nor.is
 tonil, M .14.1111 .J t'. a.ilY, .Milo A. Tvwtwcwl,
 New Illicit mi.
 i-iit-i I) .I.:)! iso 1, f’lneimat!; al
 so,, .11 IC.its i tilt V.l -i.ti in Nieli Ho
 vcvs'm‘4 1 U anc* C ini i i tlr.i'iKf,
 Hi 1 i ll troit.
 |nin n w—J 1,1 I*. Dave, Ee Mioiiiv, Wayne Co.
G c I c c t i 0 n 0.
 i
 AWrJIUCAX P;&gt;!al;lCS SHPAIJAT-
 I i&gt; Ets.ll -lIOUAE LAW.
 ijy hlv. :;:t. nusiiNr.LL.
 It is roiinr!;aU!2 tiia} t!i,' urn-al sense
 t.f the cim itjy is s&gt; dn!!eJ, in refer-;
 once to that c;m be called'
 politics —moral distinctions are so far
 subordinated to the iwer &lt;»t pn’.'tv dis
 cipline, tiiat a! n Ist n elect is pro
 duced the a wit a: i &gt;n on one side, or
 the just reprobation it meets on tbc
 oilier. A m &gt;ss inelancli dy fright
 ful evidence of' the extent to which
 American p ditics have liec cue separa
 ted from the law offi id and the control
 of m uni princijil;
 We are guilty as a nation of the;
 m )sl glari'i r wr a:i 1 i! there be a
 just (»*d, we have ivo-ei to tremble
 for 1 fis judgments. We arc ceasing
 ns a nation to have any conscience
 about public matters, iv/en good men
 and Christians, who h :s mist deplora
 ble of all, are suT ring an allegiance
 to party rule, which edoctually demol
 ishes th hr personality under the claims
 of principle, learning q liotly to ap
 prove, a 1 i passively t&lt;) follow in what
 soever path their party leads. The
 fear of find is perishing. The impulse
 of political adventure bears dawn other
 and better impulses. Numbers and
 force are the iustruiu mts, success the
 test, of all public measures, and the
 amazing interests of our great country,
 if we do unt retrace our steps, are soon
 to lie at the mercy of irresponsible will,
 instigated by a rapacity for office and
 power, wdiieli no constitutions or bonds
 of order can long restrain.
 The neglect of (lie pulpit to assert
 the dominion of moral principle over
 what we do as citizens, has hastened
 and aggravated the evil 1 complain ot
 The false unti &gt;n has taken possession
 extensively of tie; public mind, and
 received the practical assent, too gen
 erally', of the ministers of religion
 themselves, that they must not meddle
 with p ditics. Nothing is made of the
 obvious distiucti m between the moral
 principles of politics and those ques
 tions of election and of state policy
 which are to he decided by our moral
 tests, it is the s dean duty of the
 ministers of reiigiou to make tlu-ir peo
 ple feel the presence of (juu s law
 every where—and especially here,
 where s many of the dearest interests
 ot life—nay, tip- interests of virtue
 und &gt;n are themselves at stake.—
 This ts the manner of the I»i!&gt;!e. There
 is no one s ibj &lt;-t on which it is more
 full •m l a'j-mdu.it than it is in reference
 to the moral dutv of rulers and citizens.
 Command, re proof, warning, denun
 ciation i'n t y t iNtrumeut is applied to
 keep them under u s uise of obiigation
 to &lt;*od. Jinc ot the ministers ot
 religion, am ab-ai 1, want the courage
 to discha g«* th ir w.o dti duty in this
 matter. I ie tr po-.ii in between two
 fiery and imp' i ions torrents of party
 feeling, is often one, 1 know of great
 weakness, and they need to consider
 when they put on tie tr armor, whether
 they can meet alone one tit.it cornetli
 against them with t.v.mty thousand.
 I bit it cannot be neex-.ry that the
 duties of the ministry in this tiehl,
 h!&gt; &lt;uld be totally neglected, us they
 have been in many places hitherto, or
 it' it he, we may well despair of out
 country.
 Party discipline is so strtng and
 perempior) am mg us, that m &gt;rul con
 wderatioi s and lostrailits, ure over
 borne by it. Men are always irres
 poueible, wlieu liiey act in masses
 'oriseienee belongs to the individual,
 ttnd when «U individuality is lost, con
THE NORTH STAR
science is lost tooC, I do not complain
 that we have parties. It may be diffi
 cult to devise any scheme by which it
 could be avoided. Hut, in the name oi
 God and of all that is sacred, I protesl
 against the doctrine that every man
 shall do what Ins party appoints, and
 justify what his party does. It is the
 worst form of papacy' ever invented
 And how dreadfully evident is it that
 the party discipline of our country,
 irresponsible as it is and must be, sweeps
 like a madstrom round the personality
 of our people, engulfing inen and
 churches in its dismal vortex. Pew
 men have the nerve to resist it. Their
 scruples arc overruled, they are con
 vinced against their reason, the spirit
 of the mulikdfce the spirit ol
 God—it is their duty—their party is
 most assuredly to be the salvation of the
 country—the voices of the multitude
 and tiie chief priests prevail, and
 Christ is crucified
 The preponderant influence of slave
 ry, in the institutions of our country, is
 a powerful cause of the result we are
 deploring. With a population inferior
 to that of the Free States and rapidly
 decreasing, it is yet demonstrable thal
 slavery has hitherto borne rule in the
 nation. I saw, hut a few days ago, a
 table of the Presidents and all the
 chief Officers of State in our country,
 since the adoption oi the Constitution,
 showing that in the highest grades ol
 office, at least live-sixths of the incum
 bents have been from the slavcholding
 States 1 laid the record down with
 feelings of indignation, shame and grief,
 that 1 cannot find words to express—
 indignation that the lordship ol slavery
 lias asserted so effectually the lordship
 of oilice—shame that we have suffered
 it to he so—grief at the discovery that
 slavery is the characteristic and the
 dominant power of our country. It
 was no relief to remember that Virgin
 ia, the breeder of slaves, a distinction
 at once cruel and infamous, has also
 been the chief breeder ol Presidents
 —as little that the great slave market
 of the nation—as little, nay less, that
 northern leaders have there conspired,
 for so many years to stifle the prayer ol
 freedom in the halls consecrated tc
 equal rights and human liberty. O, my
 country hang thy head and blush
 over this desecrated name I—a name
 which thou hast emblazoned before
 mankind, hut hast made a fiction at
 home, in thy republican slavedom!
 Slavery being thus predominant in
 the politics of our country, they have
 grown as irresponsible, as desti
 tute of conscience, and remote from
 the fear of God, as slavery would re
 quire. The moral deterioration of
 which I have complained here at the
 North, has been visibly due, in no
 small degree, to the assimilating power
 of Southern influence. Slavery, as
 such has no principle —it loosens all
 the evil passions of human nature. Its
 law human will. The style of south
 ern politics has accordingly been sig
 nalised by irresponsibility from the
 first. And the south has been steadily
 travelling northward, bringing its li
 cense with it; expelling the ancient
 time when merit reigned among us,
 and making us familiar with the law
 less spirit of political adventure and
 rapacity. Their evil communications
 have corrnpted our good manners, till
 now the separation of politics from the
 fear of God, and the constraints of
 moral obligation, is become national in
 our people.
 From the Campaign of Freedom.
 TIIE LABORING MEN.
 Probably nine-tenths, at least, of the
 voters of this State are laboring men,
 in the common acceptation of the term;
 that is, they earn their support foi
 themselves and families by the labor ol
 their hands. Have these men evei
 considered the influence of slavery up
 on labor—the aristocratic spirit it be
 gets, and the consequent feeling of con
 tempt with which the laboring man is
 regarded? If not, we ask their atten
 tion to the extracts which we annex
 from tiie speeches and lectures o
 slaveholding divines, jurists and politi
 cians. l)o laboring men wish to spreac
 an institution over California and Mex
 ico, that fosters a spirit so anti-republi
 can, and through the political powei
 which it will confer, will keep the gov
 ernment of this country in the band:
 of those who would degrade honest
 labor?
 Chancellor Harper, of South Caro
 lina, in an address delivered before n
 literary society of his native State,says
 It is the order of nature and o:
 God, that the being of superior facul
 ties and knowledge, and therefore ol
 superior power, should control and dis
 pose of those who are inferior. It i:
 as much in the order of nature
 men should enslave each other, as thai
 animals should prey upon each other.’
 Pr ifessor Dew, of the same State, it
 a public discourse, holds the following
 language:
 Domestic slavery, such as ours, i;
 the only institution that 1 know of tha
 can secure the spirit of equality among
 freemen, [i. e., among the aristocracy,
 so necessary to the true and gcnuin&lt;
 fee!in&lt;* of republicanism, without pro
 pelling the body politic at the same tim«
 into the various vices of agrarianism
 The hirelings, who perform all the me
 mat odices of life, will not aud caimo
 he treated as equals by their ciu
 ployers.”
 Sir. Pickens, in a speech delivered
 in Congress, in 1833, gave utterance t&lt;
 the followin'* atrocious sentiments.—
 Mr. Pickens 3 hys swung hack uud for
 ward between the Whig and Demo
 cratie parties, like the pedulum of i
 clock:
 “All society settles down into a class
 ideation of capitalists aud laborers.—
 'Piic former will own the latter, etthai
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-fcOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
collectively through*the Government
 or individually in a state pf domestii
 servitude, as exists in the Southeri
 States of this confederacy. If Labor
 ers ever obtain the political power of i
 country, it is in fact in a state of revo
 lution. The capitalists north of Masoi
 and Dixon’s line have precisely tin
 same interest in the country that thi
 capitalists of England have in their la
 bor. Hence it is, that they must hav&lt;
 a strong Federal Government ti
 control the labor of the nation. But i
 is precisely the reverse with us. W&lt;
 have already not only a right to the pro
 ceeds of our laborers, but wc own i
 /'.lass of laborers themscJvjas. But le
 ;me say to gentlemen who represent thi
 great class of capitalists in the North
 Beware that you do not drive us into i
 separate system, for if you do, as cer
 tain as the decrees of heaven, you wil
 be compelled to appeal to the sword t&lt;
 maintain yourselves at home. It maj
 not come in your day; but your child
 ren’s children will be covered with th&lt;
 blood of domestic factions, and a plun
 dering mob contending for power am
 conquest.”
 Gov. McDuffie, in his annual mes
 sage to the Legislature of S. Carolina
 said:
 It will be fortunate for the non
 slaveholding States if they are not ii
 less than a quarter of a century drivei
 to the adoption of a similar institution
 [slavery,] or to take refuge from rob
 bery and anarchy under a military des
 potism. In a th&lt;
 institution of slavery supersedes tin
 necessity of an order of nobility.”
 Mr. McDuffie is one of the lights o
 the Democratic party —a party that i:
 continually prating about its love (or tin
 laboring man.
 We next give the opinions of Benja
 min W. Leigh, a leading Whig of Vir
 ginia:
 There must be some peasantry
 and as the country fills up, there mus
 be more; that is, men who tend the
 herds and dig the soil, who have ueithe]
 real nor personal capital of their own
 who earn their daily bread by the
 of their brow. I ask gentlemen to sa)
 whether they believe that thos whe
 depend on their daily labor for subsist
 ence, can or do ever enter into our po
 litical affairs? They never do, never
 will, never can.”
 \Ve make but one extract more.—
 Robert Wickliffe, Jr., of Kentucky,
 a Whig, and son of probably the wealth
 iest citizen and most extensive slave
 holder of Kentucky, a speech pub
 lished in the Louisville Advertiser, thus
 discourseth:
 Gentlemen want to drive out the
 black population that they may obtain
 white negroes in their place. White
 negroes have this advantage over black
 negroes, they can be converted into
 voters; and the men who live upon the
 sweat of their brow, and pay them but
 a dependant and scanty subsistence,
 can, if able to keep ten thousand ot
 them in employment, come up to the
 polls and change the destiny ol the
 country. How improved will be our
 condition when we have such white ne
 groes as perform the servile labors of
 Europe, of Old England, and he would
 add now of New England.”
 From the extracts which we have
 given, it will be observed that it is the
 condition, not color, that is the mark of
 degradation in the eyes of slavehold
 ers; that however honest, however in
 telligent he may be, yet the man who
 earns his bread by his daily labor,
 should not he permitted to take part in
 the affairs of the Government! We
 again ask laboring men if they are wil
 ling to yield the nation to the entire
 control of such uicn by increasing their
 power in the extension of slavery over
 California and New Mexico?
 MR. WHITESIDES SPEECH IX DE.
 PIENCE OF SMITH O’HRIEX.
 This speech, delivered at the recent trial ol
 the Irish leader, is a great and successful ef
 fort of eloquence. The conclusion, which is
 given below, will be read with deep interest.
 It may be doubled if there is anything in the
 whole range of English literature mare touch
 i ing and pathetic, than this appeal to the sym
 pathies of the jury. O'Brien has been found
 guilty of treason; but recommended tq the
 mercy of the crown. The probability is, that
 his life will be spared. For the sake o!
 our common humanity, this is to be desired
 However guilty O'Brien might be, and how-
 I ever misjudged and mischievous the attempt
 in which he was engaged, the taking awai
 of I»is life would do notkihg to effect a reme
 dy —J. d.
 I have told you all, and it is for you
 to say whether the charge preferred
 1 against my client has been made out.—
 I have explained to you the principles
 of the law, and I have shown you thal
 the fact of appearing in urms is nol
 enough—that it must be treason within
 the indictment, and that if that be nol
 proved, you are bouud to acquit the
 prisoner. I have observed upon the
 evidence, and considered, so far as my
 humble ability would permit, the great
 l question involved in this sohnen trial-”-
 uarnely, the guilty intent of the pris
 oner.
 Even although the explanation of his
 conduct may be in some respect unsat
 isfactory, yet if it fall short of the tre-
 I mendous’ guilt of treason—that is, an
 intent deliberately formed and put rote
 execution to coinpass the Q.ueen’s death,
 or levying war against the t-iucen, ac
 quit him you must. Well do I know
 and feel the weighty difficulties of hit
 case. With some, prejudice has block
 ed up the avenues to the understanding;
 I in others, calumny has done its work.
 The impracticable politician has been
 i condemned to a fate he has provoked
 and deserved. Driven to excesses he
 did nut cootemplet®, P™
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1848.
t serve his personal liberty, he must pay
 the forfeit of his presumption with his
 life. Had he been a hypocrite who
 assumed patriotism as the mask of
 selfishness, he would ere now have re
 ceived the rich reward of his political
 baseness.
 Had he been willing to sell his prin
 ciples, he wonld have been promptly
 paid his price. He find only to cheer
 j on inconsistency when most flagrant, to
 i applaud what he had condemned, and
 to condemn what he had applauded—to
 unsay what he had said, and to say what
 he did not honestly believe, and the
 attainted traitor have been a pa
 triots placemen* He might have
 flourished in individual prosperity after
 he had traded with sufficient tact in the
 miseries of his country. Obstinate,
 perverse min; having adopted political
 opinions sincerely, no matter how erro
 neously, he has acted with rigid honesty
 and consistency in an age of existing
 tergiversation and deception. He is
 now hoofed by all parties, fur he has
 flattered and he has stooped to none.
 1 This offence against party is worse
 than his intent to lull the Q,ucven for
 he has unmasked faction and exposed
 meanness and corruption. Therefore,
 1 let him die in his iinpiacticabie folly.—
 J Whither can he turn for sympat iy?
 i From whom expect justice? Slandered,
 blackened, and villitied, his motives
 maligned, his conduct misrepresented,
 nicknamed traitor, anarchist, the foe
 of social order, property and law—
 whither can he look for refuge? A
 i price was set upon his head; he has
 been carricatured, hunted through his
 native country —no epithet of abuse
 was too gross to be applied to him.—
 Where can he expect a temperate con
 sideration ctf his motives and entire po
 litical career? Nowhere but from you.
 And yet the honorable prejudices of
 your nature may be enlisted against
 him—you may have been taught to
 consider him the obstinate enemy of
 your country,s peace. His hope ought
 alone to be where the law has placed it
 —in the honor, the integrity, the dis
 cernment, the humanity of a jury.
 A rampart of defence to accused
 men, that jury was designed to he,
 prosecuted for political conduct or poli
 tical excesses, by the weight and power
 of the Crown. Judges must be un
 bending; juries may regard the frailty
 of human nature. Juries—sprung from
 the people—cast the ample shade of
 their protection over,their fellow-sub
 jects where they can-—believe his heart,
 his motive, ami his purpose were not
 guilty,equivocal although certain of his
 acts may be. Such is the high task
 and office designed for you in that fa
 mous constitution, whose foundations
 have been laid in the deepest wisdom,
 and which has been through successive
 ages cemented by the patriot’s blood,
 and consecrated in the martyr’s tire.—
 Your countryman, your fellow-mortal,
 is in your power. Seek not, with se
 vere anxiety for prools on which to send
 him to a bloody death; rather regard
 the evidence which enables merciful
 men to save what may yet prove a use
 ful life to his family and his country.
 The boast of British law is, that it
 abhors the shedding of human blood.
 Yield to its benign principles, to the
 generous impulses of your nature, and
 stand between the prisoner and his
 grave. A horrible death —a grave he
 must not have—awaits him. Save him
 by a humane verdict from a fate so
 dismal. Review his life. From his
 mother’s breast he drank in a love of
 country —from the father’s patriotic ex
 ample, the passion grew to a dangerous
 height. He has indulged, perhaps, a
 vision, to thq.pcril-of his life, that Ire
 land might be a nation, and you her
 guides to wealth and greatness. Is not
 death upon the scaffold a terrible pun
 ishment for the belief, although mis
 guided, that Irishmen had intellect
 enough to rule the country of their
 birth? In his childhood he heard that
 the Union with England was carried
 by corruption. He heard from an Irish
 Senator whom money could not pur
 chase—whom “title” could not bribe
 who gave his honest vote, and would
 i have freely given his life, to save the
 I perishing Constitution ot bis country.
 1 That father recounted to my client
 what Plunket, Bush and Grattan spoke
 on the last memorable night of our na
 tional existence. How he had been
 persuaded by the gravity of their ar
 "uinents, influenced by their ardor, and
 transported by their eloquence! His
 youthful imagination, fired by a sense
 1 of Ireland’s wrongs dwelt on the days
 j when we had a gentry and a Senate
 with intense constancy, and the passion
 I grew that he might restore a Parlia
 ment to the land beloved This his
 real crime, all his actions were directed
 to this end, and he has been misled by
 the too implicit reliance on doctruies
 unfortunately argued by great lawyers,
 in the heat of a debate, which they
 could not recall, and which have misdi
 rected many. Your; countryman fol
 lowed up these, as he believed, consti
 tutional opinions. He wished posterity
 jto review the political transaction he
 had been taught to condemn
 Thia was the source of all his errors.
 Ritter disappointment has crushed his
 ardent hopes; but a preliminary consti
 tution he wished and meant to hare
 given to Ireland. No man’s property
 would he have touched—no law of God
 or man would he have broken He was
 misled into the delusion U»t Ireland s
 Gentry were qualified for freedom.—
 Lned by those who knew him, gener
 ous disinterested, utterly unselfish
 through life, humane and tender-heart
 ed—lie now stands at the bar of hu
 country, to answer for having meant U
 kill the Hueeo, and subvert the consti
 i tut ion which in heart he adores.
 true offence is, that he courted for rov
 what is England's glory, and bleating,
 land pride. Deeply he may hake erred
in pursuit of this darling object—will
 you avenge his misdirected patriotism
 by a dreadful death?
 You may do so, and no earthly in
 ducement will tempt me to say, if you
 pronounce the awfbl sentence of guilty,
 that you have not given the verdict con
 science commanded. If his country
 men condemn my client, he will be
 ready to meet his fate with the faith of a
 Christian, and with the firmness of a
 man, (sensation.) The last accents of
 his lips will breathe a prayer for Ire
 land’s happiness, Ireland’*?constitution
 al freedom. moment that
 shall wHI be
 consoled, if thra|Prais sufferings and
 his sacrifice sotK ntem of Govern
 ment shall arise* 'Wbtch I aver has
 never existed—just, comprehensive, im
 partial, and, above all, consistent,
 which may conduct to wealth, prosperi
 ty and greatues9, the country he has
 loved, not wisely, perhaps, but too
 well.
 Would to God Mr. Smith O’Brien
 were my only client. The future hap
 piness of an honorable, ancient, loyal
 family is here at stake—the Church,
 the Bar, the Senate, can furnish rela
 tives near and dear to this unhappy
 gentleman, who, although they differ
 in political opinion, have hastened to
 give him brotherly consolation this mel
 ancholy day. Ireland has been the
 scene of their benevolent exertions—
 the source of their joys, their pride;
 her misery has been their affliction, her
 gleams of prosperity their delight.—
 With bolder hearts, should you consign
 the prisoner to the scalFold, they must
 henceforward struggle on through a
 cheerless existence, laboring in sorrow
 for the country they love.
 A venerable lady, who has dwelt
 amid an affectionate tenantry, spending
 her income where it was raised, diffus
 ing her charities and her blessings
 around, awaits now, with trembling
 heart, your verdict. If a verdict con
 signing her beloved son to death—that
 heart will quickly beat no more. Alas!
 more dreadful still—six innocent child
 ren will hear from your lips whether
 they arc to be stripped of an indpend
 ence which has descended in his family
 for ages —whether they are to be driv
 en, fatherless and beggared, upon the
 world, by the rigor of of a barbarous
 and cruel law—whether they are to be
 restored to peace and joy or plunged
 into the uttermost depths of black de
 spair. There is another who cliug# to
 hope—hope; may it be blessed,’ in you!
 Hgr life’s blood would be glaily shed
 to save the object of her youthful affec
 tions—you will consign her to an un
 timely grave!
 [During the delivery of this passage,
 the entire audience became visibly mov
 ed, and for the first time since the trial,
 Smith O’Brien’s lip quivered and his
 eye filled, as the idea of a mother,
 brother, children and wife mourning
 over their possible loss was visibly pre
 sented to his mind.]
 In a case of doubt, at the very worst,
 let father’s pity be awakened —a
 husband’s love be moved. Let Justice
 be administered —but Justice in Mercy.
 In no pitiful strains do I seek compas-;
 sion for my client, even in a case ol
 blood. I ask it solemnly in the spirit of
 our free Constitution —in accordance
 with the rooted principles of our Com
 mon Law. This is a cause between
 the Subject and the Crown, wherein
 these great principles might shine out
 in glorious perfection. A verdjet of
 acquittal in accordance with this divine
 doctriue will not be a triumph over .the
 Law, but the triumph of ihe Law.—-
 When the Sovereign seals, by her cor-|
 onation oath, the great compact between
 the People and the Crown, she swears
 to execute, in all her judgments, Jus
 tice* in Mercy. [Sensation in Court.]
 That same Justice you administer—no
 rigorous, remorseless, sanguinary code,
 but Justice in Mercy.
 Where, as here, the crime consists
 in the intent of the heart, and you can
 believe that intent not treasonable, or
 even doubtful, then, by the solemn ob
 ligation even of coldest duty, you
 should yield to mercy. (Great sensa
 tion.) In nothing, though at an im
 measurable distance still, do men on
 earth so nearly approach the attribute
 i of the Almighty as in the administration
 of Justice —Divine Justice will be tem
 pered with mercy, or dismal would be
 our fate. As you hope for mercy from
 the Great Judge, grant »t this day.—
 The awlul issues of life and death are
 in your hands —do justice in mercy.—
 The last faint murmur on your quiver
 ing lips will be for mercy, ere the im
 mortal spirit shall wing its flight to, I
 trust, a better and a brighter world.
 [After a moment of deep emotion,
 loud and long-continued applause fol
 lowed the close of this magnificent ad
 dress. The learned advocate had
 thrown himself with such earnestness
 into the case of his client, and felt so
 profoundly the weight that was upon
 I him, that he seemed quite exhausted as
 he lay back rather than sat upon the
 bench. After about three minutes, he
 retired from Court, when the applause
 was again renewed.]
 fellle COHPE.XSA.TIOX,
 We cut the following from an article
 on this subject in the Woonsocket Pa
 triot. It is from a statement made by
 a gentleman connected with the press in
 Xew York, in reference to prices paid
 at the best establishment in that city.
 It is further staled, that there are thirty
 thousand females in that city, toiling
 on, night and day, for this scanty
 living:
 Common cotton shirts and flannel
 undershirts, six tem t» each. A good
 seamstress can wn up Uo of then
 *k*rt» per def; JBl even a swift hand
 by working from sunrise to midoight,
 cannot make more than fibre#—being 72
cents per week for the common hand*,
 and $1,12 1-2 for the swiftest; of course
 allowing nothing for holidays, sickness,
 accidents, being out of work, &amp;c., Sec.
 Good cotton thirls, with linen bosoms,
 ntatly stitched, are mad#*for twenty-fire
 cents apiece. A good seamstress will
 make one in a day, thus earning $1,50
 per week, by constant labor. Fine
 linen shirts, with plaited bosoms, which
 cannot be made by the very best hands
 short of fifteen to eighteen hours’
 steady work, are fifty cents each. An
 ordinary hand can make a garment of
 |hi* kind in two days. Trowscrs over
 mis, drawers, underships, stc., pay a
 shilling apiece to the seamstress, who
 can make one and perhaps two a day.—
 Cloth pantaloons, vests, &amp;c., pay IS to
 50 cents —very seldom the latter price,
 and a woman makes, on an average,
 about one a day. Thus, not to prolong
 t*ese details, it may he stated, in a
 word, that the seamstress who is for
 tunate enough to get steady work, earns
 from 75 cents to $2 a week. Resides
 these, it is necessary to state that the
 dress-makers, or at any rate the great
 majority of them, get absolutely noth
 ing for their work. The way it is man
 aged is this: The proprietors of the
 large dress-making establishments re
 ceive a great number of apprentices,
 who remain six months for nothing,
 boarding themselves the meantime, for
 the privilege of learning the trade.—
 They can already sew swiftly and well,
 or they are not accepted. To them are
 given out the dresses, and thw are at
 work sewing—not learning anything new
 —until the very day before their ap
 prenticeship expires. Then a few
 hours are spent in giving them some
 general directions about cutting a
 dress, and they are discharged—there
 being no room for journey-women
 on wages in an establishment where all
 work is done by apprentices for nothing.
 As fast as their education” is com- j
 pleted, they are replaced by other ap
 prentices, and so it goes —the dashing!
 proprietress of the establishment grow-1
 ing rich and aristocratic, and the poor
 girls turned out upon the world to die
 of starvation and despair, or sell them
 selves to infamy.
 Velocity of Electricity. —lt is
 net unfrequently a subject of wonder
 that the velocity of electricity has been
 so accurately measured, when its speed
 is so incredible; and many persons ex
 press entire disbelief in the correctness
 of any such measurement. It has nev
 ertheless been accomplished, and that
 by a contrivance so ingenious and yet
 so simple as to he within the under
 standing of a child, and at the same
 time incapable of committing an error.
 A small mirror, one inch long by half
 an inch broad, is made to revolve on a
 pivot, and attached to a spring and cog
 work, which gives it a swift revolution.'
 It is of course perfectly easy to regu
 late this velocity to any required num
 ber ot revolutions per second. Coils
 of wires of various lengths are provi
 ded. A coil is taken, say for example, j
 twenty-five miles in length. The twoi
 ends of this are brought near each other
 and fastened on a board, on the Hat
 surface of which is left a break in each
 end of the wire, so at the passing!
 electricity shall make a spark as it
 crosses each brake. A Leyden jar is
 charged, and a spark sent through the
 coil. To the eve this appears to cross
 both breaks at the same instant, altho’
 there are twenty-five miles of wire be
 tween. The experiment is made in aj
 room which has an arched ceiling, in a
 precise semi-circle, carefully measured
 and divided into sections. If, then,
 this board be so placed that the revolv
 ing mirror may reflect the spark, and
 (the room of course being darkened)
 the mirror be put in motion and the
 charge sent along the coils of wire, the.
 first break in the wire will be marked;
 by a reflection of the mirror on the
 arch, and the spark at the second break
 will be a little further along on the
 arch. Thus, if the mirror be making
 one hundred revolutions per second,,
 and the reflections of the two sparks be
 one-eightieth part of the circle distant
 from one another, it is the
 mirror has made one-eightieth part of a
 revolution while the electricity was
 passing twenty-five miles and the
 time occupied is of course one-eight
 thousandth pact of a scond, which
 would give a velocity of 200,01)0 miles
 per second.
 After repeating the experiment with
 coils of wire of variqp* lengths, from
 five to a hundred miles, and finding the
 distance between the reflection on the
 arched wall to vary in precisely
 the same ratio with the lengths of
 wire, and the final result to he unvary
 ing, it is evident that the problem has
 been solved, and the velocity of elec
 tricity ascertained.
 Music.—Every woman who has an
 aptitude for music or lor singing, should*
 bless God for the gift, and cultivate it
 with diligence; not that she may dazzle
 strangers, or win applause from a
 crowd, but that she may bring gladness
 to her own fireside. The influence of
 music in strengthening the affections is
 far from being perceived by many of its
 admirers, a sweet melody i binds all
 hearts together, as it were, with a gold
 en cord; it makes the pulses beat iu
 unison, and the heart thrill with sympa
 thy. Rut the music of the fireside must
 be simple sod unpretending; it does
 not require brilliancy of execution, but
 tenderness of feehug— a merry tune for
 the young—a more subdued strain for
 the aged, but none of the noisy clap
 trap which is s t popular in public. It
 is a mistake to suppose that to enjoy
 music requires great cultivation; the
 degree of enjoyment will, of course,
 vary with our power of appreciation,
 but like all other great influences, it is
 able to attract even the ignorant and
JOtIM DICK. PmiiHU
WHOLE NO—4s.
this is what the poet taught when they
 made Orpheus and his brethren the civ
 ilizers of the earth. In cases where
 musical instruments are not within reach
 we may modulate our own voices, and
 make them give forth sweet sounds; we
 may sing those simple strains which re
 quire neither teaching nor shill, but
 which, it they come from one heart, are
 gure of finding their way to another.
 Blcssf.p be the Hand which pre
 rAßrs a Pleasure for a Child. —For
 there is no saying where and when it
 may again bloom' forth. Docs not al
 most every body refhember some kind
 hearted inan who showed him a kind
 ness in the quiet days of his childhood?
 The writer of this recollects himself at
 this moment, as a barefooted lad stand
 ing at the wooden fence of a poor littlo
 garden in his native village; with long
 ing eyes he gazed on the flowers which
 were blooming there quietly in tho
 brightness of a Sunday morning. Tho
 possessor of the garden came forth fromr
 his little cottage—he was a wood-cutter
 by trade—and spent the whole week al
 his work in the woods. He was come
 iuto his garden to gather a flower to
 slick in his coat when he went to*
 church. He saw the boy, and break-’
 ing otfthc most beautiful of his carna
 tions—it was stricken with red ami
 white—gave it to him. Neither tho
 giver nor receiver spoke one word;
 and with bounding steps the boy ran
 home; and now here at a vast distance
 from that home, alter so many eventsof
 so many years, the feeling of gratitude
 which agitated the breast of that boy
 expresses itself on paper. The carna
 tion has long since withered, but it now
 blooms afresh.— Douglass Jtrrold.
 Business first, tiiei* Pleasure.—
 A man who is very rich now, was very
 poor when he was a boy. When asked 1
 how be got his riches, he replied: “My
 father taught me never to play till all
 my work lor the aay was finished, and
 never to spend money tilt I had earned
 it. 7 If I had hut half an hour's work to
 do in a day, I must do that the first
 thing, and in half an diour. Alter this
 was done, I was allowed to play; and
 1 could then play with much more plea
 sure than if 1 had the thought of an un
 finished task before my mind. I early
 formed the habit of doing every thing
 in its time, and it soon became perfcct
 lyeasy to do so. It is to this habit
 that I now owo my prosperity.” Lef
 every hoy who reads this, go and do
 likewise, and he will meet a similar re
 ward.—Frankfort (Pa.) Herald.
 Leisure Hours.— lt was a beautiful
 observation of the lato William Jtazlit,
 tliut there is room enough in human
 lile to crowd almost every art and sci
 ence in it. If we pass no day without
 a line—visit no place without the com
 pany of a hook—w e may w ith ease fill
 libraries or empty them of their con
 tents. The more we do the more we
 can do; the more busy we are, thi/
 more leisure we have.”
 Genius. He is not the greatest man,,
 who, w ith a giant intellect can, startle
 the multitude as with sudden thunder-
 Thc impression left behind is not agreer
 able and lasting. He who would sti.
 up the soul, must have a calm and sym
 pathizing heart. It is this which vi
 brates through the human heart, leaps
 in the warm pulses, nnd urges to deeds
 of mercy. They whose sympathies are
 with common humanity whose heart is
 moved by pure benevolence, create
 that which wilt never die. Like the
 silent dews,they descend into the bosom 1
 to cheer, to bless and to save. The
 breath of true life is thus felt in the heart.
 Such a writer blends genius with hu
 manity, and is destined to sway the
 multitude and urge them on to deeds of
 mercy and uueuded glory?
 Rapid Reckoning.— Those who are
 not acquainted with the rule have been 1
 surprised to find with what facility
 many dealers in merchandize can state
 the dozen and single price, at the mo
 ment’the gross price is given. A gen
 tle man who has frequent occasion for
 exercise, libs given us his rule which is
 as fo.lows:
 Halve the dollars which the article:
 costs per gross, and this number ex
 presses the amount in shillings per doz
 en is the same as the number of |&gt;ence’
 which each article costs. For exam
 ple:
 An article costs nine dollars per
 gross—halved it is'four and a half dol
 lars which shows the dozen price to be
 four shillings and six pence, and tire
 single price to be four and a half
 pence.
 If an article costs three dollars and a
 halt per gross the dozen price is one*
 shilling and nine pence single one and
 three fourth pence^
 In some cases w here tho gross price
 is not a regular fraction of a dollar, the
 calculation is not so readily made—but
 in nine cases out of ten it is the most
 ready mode of reckoning.— Ports. Jour.
 The Sword. —Let it ever be remem
 bered that there is no wisdom in the
 sword which is the mere symbol of
 physical force, not of enlightened rea
 son; of brute passion, not of solemn de
 liberation; of proud ambition, not of
 self-sacrifice and love of country*—
 Thomas Clarkson.
 Phenomenon. —A gentleman inform
 the Newark Advertiser, that, while al
 the Ocean House, all being ealm, wait
 ing the rising of the moon, just as her
 whole disc was visible above the ocean,
 a ship far out at sea,** with all saila
 spread, moved slowly across her face,
 and apparently impressed upon it the
 free and beautiful outline of every sail
 and spar. Slowly indeed, it moved
 along, too soon disappearing, hut nkUn
 it lasted it was a most beautiful nfct*
"
