"Notice©.
Rhode Inland Anti-Slavery Society
 Annual Meeting.
 Tin thirteenth annual meeting of the Rhode
 Khnd Anti-Slavery Society, will be held in
 Providence, on Thursday and Friday, Nov
 ember 16th, and l?th, 1848.
 The usual eiFort will be made, to secure the
 attendance* of distinguished friends of emanci
 pation from abroad, and it w confidently
 hoped that the mooting will be rendered inter
 eating to all who may be present.
 Our earnout appeal to all tliu friend* of Lib
 ertj in Rhode Islam I is, that they will one*
 again lend to us and to the cause, their pre
 sence, their w arm sympathies and their gener
 ous c.Tjrt*. Tins surely is not a time wher
 the Pioneers of our cius in this State—tin
 earnest and true men and women of the hom*
 of Roger i! h ims should falter in their work
 or lack faith in the ultimate, triumph of theii
 doctrines. The fires v\hich have been If indlcd
 and which arc now bursting forth, evei
 amongst tin old and long enslaved and slavery
 shattered political parties, should be kepi
 burning; and enquirers for the truth shouh
 be pointed to a higher duty and a more glori
 ous purpose. Let us come together, then
 with warm and determined hearts, ami taking
 courage from the past, resolve again to presi
 forward wilh renewed z -al and a closer friend
 frhip for our cause, to the prize so dear to us
 and so full of joy to the enslaved.
 In behalf of the Rhode Island Anti-Slavcrj
 Society,
 JOHN BROWN, President,
 Amacan* v Paink, Secretary.
 Providence, R. 1., Oct. 2, 1818.
 Woman's Protective Luton
 Will meet at Protection Hall, corner of Mair
 and St. Paul S.rccts, on Friday, the 3-;
 inst., at 7 o'clock P. M. Friends of reforir
 are respectfully invited to attend.
 SARAH C. OWEN, Sec.
 Convention at Rath.
 The Anti-Slavery Convention met in Cor
 inthian Hall, Bath, Sunday Oct. 1, and was
 called to' order by N. T. Ellsworth, an&lt;!
 Charles Russell was chosen President, and
 Robert Babb Secretary.
 Parker Pillsbury then ofF.*red the following
 resolutions, viz:
 I. Resolved, That, if the Sabbath was
 made for man, then it is to be used for the
 benefit of man and if a man be better than
 a sheep, ami it is right on the Sabbath to lift
 a sheep out of a pit; then it is right, on that
 day, to devise means to deliver the slaves from
 their dreadful bondage.
 2. Resolved, That we believe, with John
 Wesley, that slavery is the sum of all vil-
 lames,’ and with the General Assembly of;
 the Presbyterian ffhurch, that it is opposed
 to the lawsol God, and the spirit and precepts
 of the gospel,’ and e*A sequent I y that the
 slaveholder must lx: the **«/m of nil villains ,’i
 a Iraiuplor on the law’ of God, and a despiser
 of the spirit and precepts of the gospel.’
 3. Resolved, That a religion which ac
 knowledges slave-owners as Christians, or as
 fit to be voted for. or united with, in a gov
 ernment, any more than hands of robbers on
 the land, or hordes of pirates on the sea, are
 fit for such union, is a false religion, not fit to
 be endured, nor safe to be allowed in any
 community.
 4. Resolved, That, under tbe Constitution
 ami union of these States, slaveholders are
 able to drive tbe Cherokees and other Indians
 out of Georgia—to butcher and banish the
 Seinmolcs of Florida—to purchase, at vast
 expense to tin* North, the territories of Florida
 and Louisiana for slave States—to snatch
 Texas from Mexico, and annex it to the Fnion
 for the same dia*&gt;olical purpose—to invade
 Mexico and drown her pcoplo in their own
 blood, ami seize on their lands also for slave
 States—to imprison in the jails of Washing
 ton, and elsewhere, for life, Northern men,
 whose only crime was, that they aided men
 to escape from bondage worse than death—to
 keep arge (military forces at enormous ex
 pense, mainly if not entirely, to protect them
 selves fiom the aggressiohs of their slaves
 ami last, and worse than all, to degrade and
 disgrace our whole nation, as the most invet
 erate tyrant, tin.* bloodiest, deepest and most
 deadly and dangerous foe, to mankind, to be
 found among all the nations of the earth.
 5. Resolved, That, all these and other
 outrages of a similar character, have been
 perpetrated by the American government, and
 sanctioned ami sanctified by American re- 1
 ltgion ami n becomes the friends of freedom
 to seek the immediate overthrow of both, and
 tbe establishment of a new order of tilings,
 based on reason and righteousness, humanity
 and justice, the love of man and the law of
 God.
 The resolutions were discussed by Mr.
 Pilisbury of New Hampshire, Mr. Brooke of
 Ohio, and Miss Stone of Massachusetts, until
 the hour of adjournment.
 Peace C ongress at Brussels.
 This Congress was held on the 20th and
 21st ult. in tli; Sills dr la (iramie Harmonic.
 The number of delegates, in all, was about
 30i»—mostly English and Belgian. The only
 representative of the Unite 1 States, beside
 Mr. B irritt, was Henry Clapp, Jr. of Mas
 sachusetts.
 The projections off red to the considera
 tion ot lire /ongr -ss, and which were read in
 both English and French, were as follows
 E lb- irrational, inequitable, inhuman,
 ami unchristian arbitrament of war
 I lie expediency nl recommending to
 the civilized. ami profess -dly Christian Gov
 ernments ot Europe and America, the adoie
 tionof an Arbitration t ’lausc in all international
 Treaties, by w Inch questions of dispute which
 may arise and which might possibly issue in
 an appeal to the sword, shall be settled hv
 mediation.
 3. The propriety of convoking a Congress
 of Nations, the object of winch shall h** to
 form an international Code, in ordei. as far
 as possible, to settle on a satisfactory Ikims
 most question*, and generally to’ secure
 peace.
 4 The importance of recommending to t[,
 several Gov* rnment* of Europe and A merica
 mutual disarmament, and the interchange o|
 good offices designed to promote and s*eur
 pacific relations, and the general welfare of
 mankind.
 Essay* upon these proposition* w. r read to
 the Congress, from the following per-om*
 Elrtiuod Fry. of Plymouth, William Stokes,
 of I/ondon, and lalihu Burritt. The tesult of
 the d.scansions was tlie passage (two mem
 bers dissenting) of the JolJowmg resolu
 tions
 That an appeal to arms for the purpose
 of efibetiug a s*dotmn of diflerenees b**tw'e©ri
 nations, i» a usage condemned alike by re
 ligion, reason, justice, humanily, and the
 interests of the people, and that, hi conse
 quence, it was the duly ot ifie civilized world
 to adopt proper measures to piotuulo the
 entire abolition of w ar."
 That it is of the most importance to insist
 upon the Govertnn;nt introducing into all
 liiernaluii a leultes a clause by w hich all
 international d.ll renews may he settled b&gt;
arbitrators or a supreme international court to
 pronounce a decision as a last resort.”
 hat w desirable to establish, as
 speedily as possible, a congress of nations,
 compil'd of representatives clioeen by each
 amongst themselves, in order to draw up a
 code regulating international relations, and
 iliat the establishment of this congress, sod
 the adoption of a code sanctioned with the
 consent of all nations, would be the sure
 means of arriving at universal peace.
 1 hat the attention of the Government
 should be called to the necessity of entering
 into a general snd simultaneous measure of
 disarmament, which, while it would reduce
 ihe expenditure ol the state, would at thtj
 same time remove one great cause of irriia
 tion and alarm. That reciprocal confidence
 and ihe exchange of good offices were equally
 favorable to the peace and prosperity of all
 nations.”

 Gen. Taylor’s Purchase.
 In reply to s letter, inquiring, for the sat
 isfaction of Taylor Free Soil men, whether
 it is Gen. Zachary Taylor that is meant in the
 deed of pntchase, which was first published
 in the Ohio Standard, and has been going the
 rounds of the press, the National Era says
 “Gen. Zachary Taylor is the man. Tbe
 (Natchez Courier asks, 4 Who is the Southern
 correspondent of the Ohio Standard? and
 then proce ds:
 i “It is important to know, for our property,
 our rights and our lives, are threatened by
 j such combinations, intended now to defeat
 Gen. Taylor—calculated hereafter to destroy
 the best interests of the South. Three appli
 i cations, and only three, have been made at
 t the office of the Probate Clerk of Jefferson
 county, for transcripts of General Taylor's
 deeds.
 'The following statement, which will not
 he contradicted, and defies contradiction, was
 received by us a few days since, from a
 gentleman of the highest resectability. This
 statement speaks for itself:
 4 To the Eli tor of the Natchez Courier
 4 Dear sir I give below a full account of
 the information received in relation to the per
 sons who have been procuring copies of Gen.
 Taylor’s deed to negroes, &amp;c., in Jefferson
 co., Mississippi.
 4 I have already sent you a certified copy
 of a fetter purporting to have been written bv
 William Stamps, the handwriting of which
 bears the strongest resemblance to that of
 i Samuel Stamps, of Jackson, Mississippi.—
 The original is on file in the Probate Clerk's
 olficc Jefferson county. The Deputy
 Clerk in that office informs me that he sent
 the copy required to the address of Samuel
 Stamps. Jackson, Mississippi.
 ‘About the first of this month, Richard
 Edward, of Natchez, as the Clerk informs
 me, applied in person for a copy of the deed
 above mentioned, and urged upon said Clerk,]
 who was then busily engaged in writing, the i
 importance of his, Edward's, obtaining said i
 c »Py-. Ihe Clerk proposed to prepare it and.
 send it to Natchez by mail—Edward objected;!
 and was furnished with the transcript, and
 paid for it. lam further informed by the said
 Clerk, that early in July fast a man, who said
 he was from New Orleans, wliosj name was
 not known, in company with a brother of Wil
 liam M. Smyth, late of this State, applied to
 bun -in Tayctte fur a like transcript of the
 same deed—that this was prepared for them
 and paid for—and that they then applied to
 the assessor of that county for a copy of the
 assessment of Gen. Taylor’s land and ne
 groes, which was obtained by them, and that
 neither of these men registered their names
 at the F. ye le tavern.
 44 4 Your?, truly,’
 Here is the copy of the Stamps letter re
 ferred lo iu the above statement:
 Jackson, Miss., Aug. 24, 1848.
 ‘Efhcia Me Key, Esq
 ‘Dear Sir I wish you to send me at
 this place a certified copy of the deed and
 conveyance by some gentleman, to twenty-one
 hundred acres of land, one hundred and seven
 odd negroes, made some time in the year
 1818 to Major General Zachary Taylor, now
 on record in your office, as Clerk of the Pro
 ba e Court in Jefferson county, and the fee
 shall be forwarded you upon the receipt of
 ihe record, by your sending the bill accompa
 nying lire same. You will please make out
 the transcript above desiied at your earliest
 convenience. By so duing you will much
 oblige me, besides paying you the money.
 Very respectfully,
 [Signed] 4 William Stamps.
 1 J S. Direct the deed to Samuel
 Stamps, Jackson, Mississippi. W. S.
 The intention of the writer is evident, al
 though lie attempts to avoid responsibility by
 signing a nrme partly fictitious and partly
 genuine. There is no tuc/i a man as William
 Stamps in Jackson. We have known for
 several years a young man living there by the
 name of William H. Stamps, a near relative
 of Samuel Stamps, to whom the clerk is di
 rected to send ihe copy alluded to, and w ho is
 Secretary of State for Mississippi, and an ar
 dent supporter of Cass. Reader, what did
 Mr. Stamps want with this transcript? Gen.
 Taylor owes him nothing, and does not wish
 to sell him any of his negroes, and Mr. Secre
 tary of State has no interest in those negroes,
 lie wanted it to pander to Northern fanati
 cism, to Gen. ’Taylor's prejudice.
 Richard Edward,, rekrred to in the state
 ment, is a citizen of Natchez—a strong Cass
 Democrat. Dr. Woodseu Wren, a consistent
 Democrat, not in arrears to the Government,
 a faithful officer, has just been displaced, and
 Mr. Edward has succeeded him as Postmaster.
 W hat has been done with tbe copy he pro
 cured, we know not. Doubih'nw* at a time
 w hen it can most injure Gen. I'aylor, it will
 make its appearance, if it has not already
 done so, in some abolition journal.
 Tin? third copy spoken of in the state
 ment, was procured by H Homer Smith, one
 ot the Cleijts in the Custom House in New
 Orleaus, and John Marshall, a Cleik in the
 Treasury Department at Washington city.—
 All ot these parties are Cuss office-holders,
 and all appear to have been hound by one
 common tic—the defeat of the Southern can
 didate for the Presidency. To accomplish the
 foul purpose, ihe aid of Noithern Abolition
 ism was solicited, and it will doubtless be
 rendered wit it as much alacrity as it was in
 voked.”
 Okrkit Smith.—The Rochester Daily Ad
 vertiser (\au Uureu) thus speaks of Gerrit
 Smith
 ie of nature's noblemen, and among
 the best and purest men, Gerrit Smith, having
 ol late launched into ‘regions transcendental,'
 the Liberty party (being of the practical sort)
 could not well follow, and hence we have not
 his valuable co-operation in this new move
 ment although Is* it noticed that he says he
 infinitely prefers' tin* election of Van Iluren
 and Adams to 1 aylor and Cass, and adds
 1 aylor and ass are pro slavery candidate*.
 Umwt arc ‘he shameless tools of the
 slave powe. the latter bravely resist it.’ So
 ni".-h tor that noble heart, Genit Smith If
 to* -morrai and the other hunker organs ear
 .raw aid and comfort from the above, let
 them draw and welcome.”
 lc h (Miss.) Courier, Whig
 pap- r Published almost u. General Taylor's
 neighborhood, say* of the charge that be
 would sign a j|, nul b,||.
 This monstrous a»eni«Hi—so entirely
 at war u ith the character of the man and the
 intar oj his whole tyV-could only hate been
 made by political leaders when in the last
 stack Of Utsei:ration—when they saw that
 everlasting Jrohfical rout and nun was ap
 proaching them as fast a* ihe course of umc
 would permit.”
 Sot'THtuN Dkfbavitv.—The Picayune of
 he 13th ult, contains reports of Court pro- 1
 seeding* in nnfewer than five cases af murder, i
 te?- j
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, NOVEMBER 3, IMB.
IVillian fcmil* O’Brien
 The recent trial, conviction and sentence ol
 death passed upon this most unhappy man,
 for the crime of high treason, in Ireland, ha*
 abided another of those opportunities al
 ways eagerly embraced by the American
 press and people, to vaunt the moral superi
 ority, larger liberty, greater humanity and
 higher civilisation of the United States, and
 to denounce, in the moot bitter and unsparing
 manner, what we are pleased to term the
 savage barbarity of foul and bloody Old
 England.” Such an opportunity as this can
 not fail to be used very extensively. It will
 serve to keep up a vivid impression of our
 own excellence as a people, as well as to in
 crease that always profitable material so use
 ful to political demagogue*— hatred of Eng
 land. This commodity would in all proba
 bility become extinct in Ume, but for the oc
 currence of such cases as those of Mitchell,
 McManus and O'Brien. It is doubtless de
 sirable for a naUan iiho ours, drunk on the
 blood of three to forget our
 own revolting atom In contemplating the
 crimes of others. Misery loves company,”
 and it may not always be proper to deny them
 the poor consolation they derive from it. But
 we cannot think it just at this time to allow
 that part of the American mind within our
 reach to rest in the iniquitous repose which
 results from the common assertion that Eng
 land, with all her boasted benevolence and
 philanthropy, is more cruel than America.—
 W hile the American mind is so alive to injus
 tice—so shocked by barbarous cruelty, and is
 devoutly thanking the most high God that
 Christian America is not like unto that hoary
 old transgressor across the water, it seems
 in a prepared and suitable state to con
 sider properly certain important and instruct
 ive facts connected with our national history.
 It may be far more pleasant, but it can never
 be more wise, to forget our own sins by re
 membering the sins of others. It is hardly
 necessary to say, that we have no desire to
 lessen in any mind a just and proper estimate
 of the character and institutions of this coun
 try, or to allay the feeling of horror with
 which this dreadful sentence has thrilled all
 minds. Those sentiments are natural, and
 when rightly directed, must always be attend
 ed with happy results. Our pretertsions,
 however, to fiecdom and humanity over
 England t have about the same foundation a?
 the superiority claimed in the temple by the
 self-righteous Pharisee over the publican.
 Let us look at home, and see if we are in a
 condition to pull the mote out of our brother’s
 eye —let us see if we are in a condition to
 first cast a stone at her.
 “Shall \vc scoff at Europe’* King*,
 While freedom’s fire is dim with us,
 And round our country’s altar clings
 Tlie damning shade* of slavery’s curse'?”
 It is said that this last act of British injus
 tice, fills to the brim the cup of her abomina
 tions—that she has shocked the moral sense, I
 outraged the humanity, and disgraced* the f
 civilization of the nineteenth century —that a
 verdict more unjust, and a sentence more;
 cruel, was never presented to the considera
 tion of mankind—that its execution will
 cause indignalion, mingled with intense hor
 ror, to flash like lightning around our land.—
 That this will be the case, we have no doubt.
 The patriotism, heroism and martyrdom ol
 Mitchell, McManus and O'Brien, will long
 continue the burning theme of American ora
 tors and authors. The salt tear of American
 sympathy must often start from its saddened
 fountain, as the names of these brave men
 are mentioned. Deep, loud and long will be
 the curses pronounced against proud, bloody
 and tyrannical England. In the names of
 Mitchell, McManus and O'Brien, American
 mothers will teach their children to hate
 blood-thirsty England. Probabilities and con
 sequences of this character are too grave to
 be passed over lightly, or disposed of hastily.
 Let us consider of these. Let us first ex-1
 amine the cause of the sentence passed upon
 Mitchell, and the dreadful fate to which
 O’Brien and McManus are doomed, and in
 the light of our present position and past
 history, ascertain if we are the people to de
 nounce England as a sinner above ourselves, j
 The crimes of these men are the highest
 known to kuman law, involving the sub
 version of the whole frame-w ork of human
 government, and fitting the land with all the
 awful horrors of civil war. They could only
 expect to gain their object by causing the
 land to smoke with the w arm blood of slaugh
 tered thousands. It appeared to be the pur
 pose of these men to beget in the minds ol
 their fellow-countrymen the highest eont .unpi
 and most reckless disregard of human life.—
 It is also true that these men weie sane, in
 telligent beings. Mitchell was an educated
 man; so was Smith O'Brien. The latter
 was also a law-maker. They well understood
 the nature of the solemn game which they
 undertook to play, and the amount of the
 stake to be lost or won. They have played
 —they have lost, and must pay the forfeiture.
 They have “sown the wind, and are reaping
 the whirlwind.’’ 'lhey have been pierced by
 their own swords, and consumed by a fire of
 their own kiudhug.
 We may lament over their misfortune, be
 wail their sad lot, and mourn over their terri
 ble doom and it may be proper to do so.—
 But can any American say that the treatment
 of these roeu would have been better had they
 attempted against the American government
 what they attempted against the British
 throne? ibere is not the slightest reason to
 suppose it would. Our government, like that
 of England, is based oo the sword for its ex
 istence, aud is no more merciful or less cruel
 than the Brilish government. Governments
 are governments the world over. Whether
 lliey bo called monarchies, aristocracies, au
 tocracies, or democracies, they are always
 •he same bloody and remorseless nwwtten,
 everywhere their authority is disputed by
 force.
 It may be, and doubtless is, a great outrage
 against humanity to hang Smith OBuen by
 the neck until be is dead, and then to sever
 his head fnio his body, and to divide his body
 into four quarters, and leave it to the disposal
 of ibe Queen. But is U}j* vratse or more re
 voking oo the part of Inland, than it was
 for America to cause Nathaniel Turner, the
 kero of the Southampton insurrection, to
feet long, and at the end of it to fiddle hia
 body with a hand red bullets I la it worse for
 England to transport Mitchell for fourteen
 years, than it is fur os to impridli Drayton
 for twenty?—the former plotting a bloody
 revolution, and the latter merely, by peacea
 ble means, removing aeventy-eeven human
 beings from a land of ahvery to a land of lib
 erty. Is it worse fi* England to hang
 McManus, alter a lair trial, than it was for
 America to burn the noble Mclntosh, in Mis
 souri, without judge or jary And shall a
 people who looked on tbat horrid apene with
 composure and indifference, now affect horror
 and hatred of England, because of her re
 volting crimes William Smith O'Brien at
 tempted to achieve for his country political
 freedom. In the language of Thomas Jeffer
 son, Nathaniel Turner attempted to redress
 wrongs worse than ages of that which Ame
 ricans rose in rebellion to oppose. Until the
 prison doors at Washington shall be opened
 for the release of Drayton, and we atone for
 Torrey, and have struck the chains from
 millions in our land, we may hold our peace
 respecting the cruelty of England.— r. d.
 Free, ts. Slave Labor.
 What men wfl! got yield to justice, they
 will concede to self-interest. The unprinci
 pled tradesman would not cheat, were he
 satisfied that an honest and straightforward
 course would better forward Lis ends. Par
 tisan demagogues are not necessarily liars, if
 they can better advance the cause of their
 patty, and their prespecls of preferment, by
 speaking the truth. All men, even when they
 care nothing about rectitude, for its own sake,
 will do right, or endeavor to do right, if by so
 doing they can either remedy an existing or
 prevenf a prospective injustice towards them
 selves.
 Surely the time is not far distant when the
 free working men of the north, who, it is to
 be hoped, are not, as a class, either unprinci
 pled or unscrupulous, will bestir themselves
 in behalf of their enslaved fellow-citizens.—
 Nothing but a want of discernment of their
 own interests, can have kept them up to the
 present time supporting one or other of the
 great pro-slavery political parties who manage
 the affairs of this country. If the working
 man were aware that every time he goes to
 the ballot-box, and gives his vote in favoi of
 a slaveholder, or one who yields subserviency
 to the slave power, he helps to perpetuate and
 deepen his own degradation, he would long
 ere this have severed himself from all conncc.
 tion with the wicked compact which binds
 him to use ail his energies, should they be
 desired, in assisting the slaveholder to sup
 press any attempt that might be made by
 his victims to regain their God-given right to
 liberty and self-po6session. Slavery degrades
 labor. The freeman at the South will
 scarcely perform any kind of manual labor.—
 He feels himself above it. Slaves labor; and
 any one who labors put? h nnelf on a level
 with them. A slave is.a degraded and de
 pendant being, subject to the will of another
 his independent existence is destroyed he
 lives only as a sort of adjunct to the man who
 claims him as his property—deprived of the
 power#sf motion—even almost of volition,
 w ithout his consent. It is not to be wondered
 at that the freeman shrinks and turns awav
 from anything that seems to place him on
 a level with the slave. It would rather be
 matter of w onder, did he not try by all means
 his power to widen the distance and make
 plain the distinction between himself and a
 being so abject and miserable. However
 much, in his ignorance and shortsightedness,
 he may rest satisfied that they are fit for
 nothing else,” he sees with sufficient distinct
 ness that he himself came into the world with
 an independent existence, able to think and
 act, and free to go and come at his own dis
 cretion. Strange it i 3 that there should be
 any, especially working-men, who can deny
 that all are not equally entitled with them
 selves to the same inalienable birthright of
 humanity.
 It is not only in the slave region that the
 atrocious system degrades labor. That effect
 is also sufficiently obvious upon the free
 States of the Union. It is always found, in
 spite of every obstruction and discouragement,
 that where any kind of labor can be done
 cheapest and to best advantage, there it will
 be done, unless, indeed, the worn-out expe
 dient of a tariff be resorted to, for the pro
 tection, as it is said, of hotne industry,
 which, in as for as it has any effect, other
 than encouraging unproductive enterprise,
 benefits a few, and is a robbery of the many.
 It is the pnee paid for labor that regulates the
 price of the article. Where labor is cheap
 est, there, of necessity, the cost of production
 must be lowest, and the price paid for labor
 there must speedily regulate and become the
 standard everywhere else. It is nothing but
 the inefficiency of slave labor that preserves
 the wages of the freeman from being reduced
 to the sum that I Ik; Southerner pays to
 provide a miserable subsistence for his slave.
 Were the slaves intelligent, and were it pos
 sible to keep intelligent men and women in
 bondage, nothing could prevent this result.—
 The South, instead of exporting, would
 speedily manufacture its own produce. The
 slave might be made to labor as well in
 the machine-shop or manufactory, as on the
 cotton or sugar plantations and the labor of
 a freeman might be wrung out of him, at the
 rate of from sixteen to twenty cents per day.
 I* the Northern working-man prepared to
 come down to this
 Notwithstanding the ignorance of the slave,
 his masters have discovered that hta labor
 can be made productive in manufactories.
 The Philadelphia Daily Republic publishes
 some facts on this subject, from which the
 following are extracts. These facts sliow,
 says that paper, tbat f
 Manufactures are practicable, safe and
 w c ce*»ful in the South. Slave labor can and
 employed ia them, and that labor ischeap
 er than die labor of the free white man,
 cheaper than the pauper labor of Great
 Britain.
 lxst the newspapers stated that
 there were thirty-two cotton factories in oper
 ation and in process of construction in Geor
 gia, in which 2,000,000 are invested.—
 from 16,000 u&gt; 20,000 bales of cotton were
 consumed last year, and the amount of mano
 produced was equal ia value to
 w 1,500,1)00.
 'he most reliable source we learn
 there are above 30 tobacco factories in
 Kicamond Virginia, employing from fiftv to
 ihrct; hundred hands eucn, all colored, and of
 these about 00 per cent, are slaves, and 10
 per cent, free colored persons; the latter chiefly
 women. J
 that
•acdft, Florida, worked by 400 colored girls,
 and that another still larger to the same
 neighborhood waa about being erected.
 Daring the past two yean, as often at
 least aa once a fortnight, we hare met with
 paiagrappe stating the manufacture «f ma
 chinery m the North to be used in the
 Sooth.
 Yesterday we republished an item, cat
 from one of oar exchanges, stating that a
 company of stockholders residing m Ken
 fncky, Indiana, Arkansas, Louisiana, and
 Mississippi, bate organized themselves for the
 purpose of manufacturing cotton, at Can nel
 son, about one hundred and twenty miles be
 low Louisville. The capital stock of the
 company is half million, of which $200,-
 000 will now be pnt to use, and 10,000 spin
 dles will be started.
 •‘These are a few of the facts gathered by
 accident, indicating the rapidly spreading po
 licy of manufacturing at the South, and ex
 hibiting its practicability there.
 It is true that slaves are inferior laborers,
 where, without motive, interest, or any feeling
 of duty, they mnst be left to their discretion
 and cannot be overseen, aa in small farming
 and other solitary occupations, but wherever
 they can be worked in gangs, and superin
 tended as in the cotton field, the forge, fur
 nace, and large cotton and woollen factories,
 compulsion can easily be made to supply the
 place of zeal and interest—at the loom, hun
 dreds can be watched by a single man, as our
 own factory children now are their work
 can be inspected (&gt;oth in quality and quantity,
 and the lash applied to secure thatr industiy
 and bring out their skill.
 Now what shall we say to the prospect
 which this view of our subject opens before
 us Here is a competition preparing to dis
 pute the market of the world with, not only
 the free laborer of the North, but with the
 paupers of Europe.”
 It is evident, if it be true that the employ
 ment of slave labor in manufactures is practi
 cable. and these facts seem to indicate that it
 is—that a reduction of wages must be the re
 sult. The following extract from an eastern
 paper seems to argue that such result is al
 ready becoming apparent:
 Reduction of Wages at Lowell.—
 Notice has been given at Lowell that a reduc
 tion of wages will soon take place. It is to
 commence on the 20th of November on one
 corporation, and probably at the same lime on
 the others. The reduction is considerable—
 -25 to 35 per cent. The speed is to be re
 duced, artd the girls are to be made to tend
 more looms. After they get broke in to this
 work, the speed will no doubt be put at the
 old rate.”
 This is one branch of labor; others will
 soon be tried if this is found successful.
 Leaving out of the question for the present,
 every dictate of justice and humanity; saying
 nothing of the feai fully depraving effect of
 slavery not only upon its immediate victims,
 but upon all who come within reach of the
 moral miasma that it generates; forgetting
 the national dishonor and disgrace at
 tach to the entire American people, in conse
 quence of their connection with the atrocious
 slave system passing all these by—each of
 them a sufficient and all-conclusive reason why
 justice should be done, and the bondman re- i
 leased—is there not in the prospect here pre
 sented, an argument that will serve to open
 the eyes of the workingman, and of all other
 men, to the fact that the interests of the free
 and of the .slave laborer are identical De
 grade labor, and you lower its remuneration.
 In any portion of a country, tedime the la
 borer to the condition of a slave, and hisNiree
 fellow-citizens who are laborers, must de
 scend and descend, till they also are slaves in
 all but the name. This is the way in which
 the affairs of the world are directed by its un
 erring Governor. This is the way in which
 Justice avenges all violations of its im
 mutable laws. The innocent, it is true, are
 frequently the greatest, and even the first suf
 ferers at the hand of avenging Justice but
 it is in only consequence of their connection
 wuh, and sufferance of, those who commit
 the crime.
 It is not the color of the skin that *marks
 the slave in the eye of the slave-ocracy.
 They do not care whether the slave is
 white or black, or what may be his com
 plexion if they were to have their choice,
 they Would, to use the sublime language of a
 Kentucky slaveholder, prefer the white, for
 white negroes have this advantage over
 black negroes, they can be converted iuto
 voters.”
 There is an article on our outside, headed
 ‘‘The Laboring Men,” to which the attention
 of all of that class is specially directed. The
 reader will there learn what value is set upon
 his rights by the manstealer. Let those who
 choose preach about the overbearing and in
 sulting demeanor, of a titled nobility in Eu
 rope, ami they are welcome bat they might
 search Europe over, and fail to find a% aris
 tocracy one-half as regardless of the rights of
 the laboring man as these American land pi
 rates. The titled Cossack would be ashamed
 to use such language ss that which is used by
 those Republican (f f) leading Whigs and
 lights of the Democratic party.” It is
 doubtful even, or rather it is not doubtful,
 whether the barbarian Tartar chief, who lives
 by bis sword, has not a better appreciation of
 what is meant by the rights of man.”—
 Democrats indeed Call a shark a codfish,
 and eat it; and it will be but a slight mis
 nomer, compared with that of calling those
 Perkins's and McDuffies Democrats. Let
 the laboring man prove, even to the saitsfac
 faction of Beojamin W. Leigh, of Virginia,
 that those who depend upon their daily la
 bor for subsistence, can and do understand
 political affairs and that having learned the
 disgrace and the atrocity of the slave system,
 and the reckless disregard of the rights of la
 bor manifested by the South, they have re
 solved, now and forever, to have No union
 with slaveholders j. o.
Reforming Uackwakds. —The Grand Jury
 of Wayne county, Micb., have adopted a me
 morial to the legislature, asking for the restor
 ation of the death penalty, in consequence’*
 says the Detroit Advertiser, of the accelera
 ting increase of crime in that State, since the
 abolition of capital punishment.” Can not
 some other aad better reason be given for this
 increase of crime? Boston, New Ysffcy—
 towns, and villages, and country in all sec
 tions where the life for life law has free course
 and it practised, have the same report to make
 —Crime ie fearfully on the increase.” A
 mason must be found that applies not to Michi
 gan alone, or to ooe county in Michigan, but
 to all the States. Is it not s natural and ne
 cessary result of the brutalising aad bloody
 war spirit, which baa been so diligently infus
 ed into the people fat years past, from the
 preaa, the pulpit, aad the rostrum 1 We have
 •M»P®ot any thing else. What a
 maa sowdmr, th||gball ha also reap.”— 4. 0.
Aa aWalaakle Biaa4er.
 It is amazing with what voracity our North
 era papers devour every lie to the prejudice o
 the colored race that finds its way into the*
 latitudes. There would seem to be a perfec
 rage for Massacres in Haiti”—“ Blood;
 Revolutions in Haiti”—The muiattoes raur
 dered in Haiti,” &amp;c. &amp;c. Such an abomina
 lion as the following is quite a God-send fo
 the editors of our country papers. It is lik«
 the last speech and dying confession of j
 to be sent forth and sold to tin
 public at one cent a piece, garnished and beau
 tified with the vigorous epithets and soul
 thrilling adjectives of the eloquent editor, who
 proves himself well versed in the lore ol
 Sing-sing and Newgate colleges.
 Horrible Massacre in Haiti. This
 negro republic, so long the standing boast ol
 immediate emancipationists, appears deter
 mined to outdo in cold-blooded atrocity all pre
 vious records of the proverbial cruelty of the
 African race. It is said that an absolute ex
 termination ot the whites and muiattoes is re
 solved upon, and is in rapid progress, under
 the orders o the President. We gather these
 reports from a letter of an American merchant
 there, to the Boston Traveller. Most bloody
 details of executions are given.
 None can abhor black slavery more intense
 ly than we but black mastery seems to us
 incomparably more abominable, and more to
 lie guarded against, ll is not strange that
 negroes, at once cknraded ami w ranged be
 yond comparison, should be cruel:—but it is
 strange that fanatics can be found eager to
 clothe that cruelty with power and freedom.”
 Brandon, (17.) Union Whig,
 1 verily helieve the editor of this paper must
 have sold at least, half a-dozen extra copies
 on the strength of this elegant extract.”-
 Did he not stop the press, to add another ex
 pletive to his already grandly mellifluous para
 graph? Cold-blooded atrocity,” absolute
 extermination,” “proverbial cruelty,” “bloody
 details,” and then the italics black slavery"
 so beautifully contrasted w ith “black mastery,"
 Oh it is irresistible Some animals there
 are that will starve in the midst of dainties
 but luxuriate and grow fat on gaibage.
 It is in this way that the Northern dough
 faces of both parties, strive to excite the preju
 dices of the vulgar and unthinking against the
 colored race. The idea of black mastery”
 is terrible enough but when there are super
 added the frightful features of that mastery as
 presented by the graphic pen of the editor—
 (“Oh horrible! horrible and it is consid
 ered that those masters are, in the free States
 about 500,000, who, on the authority of Sena
 tor Dix, are people w ithout political impor
 tance,” and “cannot take care of themselves!”
 and in the Southern States about 3,000,000
 who are not permitted to try to take care of
 themselves —in all about 3,500,000 blacks,
 taking the “mastery” of some twenty millions
 of whites, the thought becomes past all endu
 rance. May not this editor, with the celebra
 ted Dogberry, urge the plea—“ Write me
 down an”—genius.—j. d.
 More Annexation.—The war of conquest
 and annexation waged against the Mexicans,
 by the deserters from the American army,
 still continues to be prosecuted with vigor.
 Query, Who is the General that leads these
 brave fellows on to “death or victory?”
 Have they a Zachary Taylor to urge them
 to deeds of heroic daring with his chival
 rous war-cry—“ Give ’em hell, d—n ’em
 or a Capt. Bragg, with a little more grape?”
 Doubtless these patriotic deserters and adven
 turers have gone where glory wails them.”
 Ignorant persons may not be able to distin
 guish between this “glory” and what is
 usually designated robbery and plunder.”
 They must certainly be mistaken; for has
 not the praise of the brave soldier” who
 bombarded Monterey, and slew the Mexicans
 at Buena Vista, and robbed them of their ter-
 ritory, been lor years past in every one’s
 mouth and has lie not been nominated as a
 fit and available candidate for the Presidency
 The Houston (Texas) Telegraph gives a
 report of the progress of this miniature edition
 of the Mexican war, aa under. Cheer on the'
 bloodhounds!— i. d.
 “We mentioned, a week or two since,
 that a party of robbers had plundered several
 of the Mexican towns east of the Sierra
 Madre, retired into Texas. The Meta
 mo ras Flag confirm* this statement, and says
 that this party carried oIF property m t h e i
 amount of $BO, Ihe Flag also states
 that hundreds of deserter B from the American
 arinv, and adventurers, have formed a league
 like the banditti of other periods, and have
 spread themselves all over the country east of
 Sierra Madre. A large party of these rob
 bers, supposed to number 250, it is said, have
 been seen in the vicinity of Melamotas and
 it was reported that they intended to enter
 the city aftei nightfall, and plunder it.
 Guards were placed round the city, and the
 inhabitants were kept under arms several suc
 cessive nights, to prevent the robbers from
 entering the city. These banditti have strong
 holds in the wild fastnesses of Sierra Madre,
 and in the thickets along the Rio Grande,
 and it is quiie doubtful whether the Mexican
 government will ever he able to subdue them,
 unless allied by our government. It was 1
 reported at Metamoras that Gen. Bunsameutc!
 was on the march to that place with 500 men.
 Ihe presence ot this force in the cnv will
 probably prevent the robbers from making
 any attack on it.”
 An Act or Justice. The case of Lewis
 Pierce was tried in Philadelphia, in the Court
 of Common Pleas, on Monday last. Pierce*
 was a slave who had been brought from New j
 Orleans by a wealthy slaveholder, to attend
 bun as tus servant. On the 18th, Pierce left
 hu master, and sued out a writ of habeas cor
 pus, for the purpose of having a judicial de
 cision that be was free. Judge King deliver
 ed an opinio* in his favor and the Court
 adjudged that Lewis Pierce is at liberty to*
 go where he pleases.”
 The decision was given under the new law
 of 1817, which gives freedom to a slave vol
 untarily brought by his master from another
 State.— j. o.
 0
 Wants an Answer. The Chroootype
 a*ks, Suppose some of the States should
 take upon them to enslave and oppress the
 white people within their limits, who bsd at
 some Utne emigrated from other States, bow
 long would the general government stand mill
 and allow such injustice to triumph?” If the
 power that bolds the reins of the general gov
 ernment is the same power that enslaves and
 oppresses—llow long f It is a hard question.
 Tni Fast Soil men of this city, have
 •dopted Elisha W. But ah, the National
 Reform Candidate fa^Aaserobly.
 The California Star, says that large numbers
 of Chinese are preparing to emigrate to that
 country, which is considered a favorable cli
 mate for the aik-wgtm,
Srnato* Benton, of Missouri, has ad
 dressed a U tter to the inhabitant* 0 f Cali
 fornia and New Mexico, advuung them to
 govern themselves as wisely, simply, and
 quietly as possible, till the general Govero
 i ment shall gt*e them suitable laws. On t he
 subject of slavery he says—
 You are apprised that the question of
 extending slavery to California occupies, at
 present the attention of Congress. I know
 of nothing that you can do at this time that
 can influence the decision of the question
 here. W hen you become a Slate, the entire
 and absolute decision of it will he in your
 own hands. In your present condition, and
 with your paucity of members, I would re
 commend total abstinence from the agnation
 of the question. Such agitation might dis
 tract yourselves, w hell you might be united
 as one man. doing harm where you are, and
 no good here.”
 This proclamation of the worthy Senator
 is quite a remarkable production in its way.
 It is written in a style of condescending
 grandeur that would do credit to the Cx*r of
 ail the Kussias. It is worthy of remark,
 however, that His Imperial Highness never
 even hint* at the possibility of slavery creep
 ing in under cover of the silence which he
 enjoins. Was that omission intentional, or
 was it only an oversight?—j. d.
The Slave Trade. —We have heard, says
 the United Service Gazette, that Lord hlmc&gt;
 ston is at the present moment negotiating an*
 other treaty with the Brazilian government,
 for the more effectual suppression of the slave
 trade. His Lordship has proposed that the
 Brazilian subjects captured in the act of con
 veying African negroes for the purpose of sla
 very, shall be delivered up to the Brazilian
 authorities, to be tried by their own national
 tribunals, and punished accordingly, if proved,
 guilty.
W HAT HAS THE NoRTH TO DO WITH SLA
 VERY 7 This question is continually being
 asked by Northern men; their object being
 to shift off their own shoulders the burden and
 disgrace of that atrocity. The question is
 thus answered by an exchange
 Discussion and agitation are continually
 bringing to light facts which help the people
 of the North to a right answer to the question.
 The last Expounder says, Drayton who stole
 the negroes from the District of Columbia haa
 been sentenced to ten years imprisonment in
 the penitentiary.”
 Who stole the neg Toes In what did
 the theft consist As we understand it, in
 conniving at their attempt to escape from the
 Capital of the freest government on earth
 when they were held in bondage by the law s
 of that government! And that government,
 Freemen of the North, is oms
South Carolina. —(Jen. Cass’s Southern
 friends are in a state of great excitement.—
 j They will doubtless do something astonishing
 if the Wilniot Proviso is adopted. If the
 j Northern States persist in opposing the furth
 er extension of slavery, the fearful misfortune
 may happen to them of being left to their
 fate by John C. Calhoun’s brave little king
 dom. At a Loco Foco masting held in
 Charleston, on the 20th ult., the following
 resolution, among othcis equally determined,,
 was adopted
 1 hat should the Ordinance of 1787, tU®
 VNilmoi Proviso, or any like restriction be ap
 plied to any Territory South of 36 5 30 min.
 North latitude, or any other measure he
 adopted, directly or indirectly unpaiimg the
 equality of the slavcholding” Stales,' in our
 opinion, the Senators and Representatives
 lrom such iMates should, at once, vacate their
 seats, return to the States they rcsjiectively
 represent, and use their best efforts to bring
 about a united resistance of the South to such
 degrading legislation.”
I or Kiev Post auk. —Our readers—at least
 those of them who have had to pay to the tune
 of 31 cents lor every letter received from Eng
 land, will be glad to learn that the reign of in
 ternational postal craziness is now at an end.
 Ihe Quebec Chronicle of Oct. 17, says
 We were told yesterday by a gentleman
 likely to he well informed on this subject, that
 the British and American Governments had
 again come to an understanding, by which the
 English mails will, as heretofore, be brought
 through the United States and tnat in 'all
 probability the mail after the one now expect
 ed, will come by that mote.
Cheap Postage in France. —The French
 National Assembly have passed one practical
 measure which entitles its member* to the
 gratitude of that great people. It ha* passed
 a bill for the reduction of postage on all inland
 letters to-four sous, or cents. The same will
 go into effect on the Ist January next. Rus
 sia has also established a penny postage
 throughout her great empire. Shall the Uni
 ted States be long behind these countries in
 this great reform which so vitally effects the
 common good of the common people
Crime in Boston is said to have fearfully
 increased within the last few years. The
 Bostonians, of New England oiigin, declare
 ih.it nearly all this additional crime comes
 lrom the foreign population.
Salt Water Freshened. —Mr. Cross, of
 London, has patented a method for freshening
 salt water. The water is first distilled, and
 then subjected to a galvanic process. The
 invention will be very valuable to ships going
 long voyages.
Rumor. —There is a rumor afloat that Mr.
 Horace Greeley has sold out his interest in the
 New York Tribune, and t* about settling on a
 large tract of land in Wiscoosin. We do not
 believe the rumor, yet it may be true.— Roane-
 Whig.
The chap who imagined the above must
 ten our opposition to any man own
 mg a large tract of land Tribune.
 We see no particular necessity for forget
 ting the “oppositions” of the Tribune to any
 thing, to induce one to believe m its advocscy
 V Afo^^ror lhe, pWCe P I r
The Honest* Candidate.— AUson Utter
 I have no concealment—
 hold no optnion which would not readily
 prodmm to my «a semhkd countrymen."
 Me Lonkry Utter have laid it down as
 a *ot to give my opinions upon the
 various questions of policy now at issue be
 tween the political parties of the country.”
Ip* The New Orleans Picayune, a journal
 which warmly supports Gen. Tavumi, has
 the following:
 There is no man in the South more bitter
 ly opposed to the H ilmot Proviso, and the
 principles involved m it, than Gen. Taylor.
Habsmos Gaar Oris.—One of the sncieot
 and honorable Hsrtfotd Convent locusts, ren
 owned for bis participation in the pro-slavery
 monocracy of Boston* the time \Vm. Lloyd
 Garrison barely escaped with his Ufe— this
 same octogenarian has come out for Tsylon***
 and tho slavcocracy. The caase will ha
 weakened by every such accession.
"
