"P o Ctrl).
 JOHN LI TTLEJOiI!t.
 PI (HtKLtl tut* At.
 John Lit* j»At» a
 Upright and dowirigbfc »w*;
 f ,r* Ivv djl &lt;i 1 I»aII In- way,
 lie though* f« him- If, an I Mil hi» -ay:
 \Vl«em vrr a n»«l »uw e w pa—,
 Instead of Rthrer, mowey of Wap-,
 Ilf took bin hammer, an rail with a frown,
 Tl«e coin i* -jkm too*, nail it thiwu.”
 John Littlejohn wap firm atvd true—
 I«*u could not cheat lion to “two »rt&lt;l two,”
 M bon fwlirfi argue* p tni-l»t ar*&lt;l main,
 Daikorved and tv i«wd t ic light and plain.
 He naw through the maw* «rf tlieir speed*
 The pimple truth W\ m tin ir reach;
 Ami crushing tle-ir logic, v« itli a frown—
 N our coin i- spurious, n.iil it ilown.”
 John Littlejohn mai itained ill* right,
 Throwjh -form an I .«!nr, in tin- wnrl!’« despite;
 lien I o »l* or fpiacha de.ired hi- vote,
 Dosed him with argnnnft 1 arm by rote,
 Or by coaxing, threats, or prosnise* tiinl,
 'lo jain hi- »ti|&gt;;K&gt;rt to tin- wrongful side—
 Nny, nay,*’ *au! i .!,»i with an angry frown,
 1 our coia is spurious, nail it down.”
 W heat told that kings had a rig it divine.
 And that the people were herds of twine—&gt;
 That noblet alone were lit to rule,
 That the poor were unimproved by school.
 That eeaneles* toil was the proper f.ito
 Of all but the wealthy and the great,
 John sliook his head, and swoic w ith a frown,
 •‘Tlie Coin is spurious, nail it down.”
 When told tint events would justify
 A false and crooked policy,
 That a decent hope of future jptod
 .Might cxeu-- a departure from rectitude,
 Tint a lie of white was of sm.iii ofTcuce,
 To forgiven by men of sense—
 -Nay, nay,” -aid John, with a sigh an 1 frown,
 The coin is spurious, nail it dow n.”
 Wlu.u tol l fro.n the pulpit or the jire-s,
 Tiiat heaven was a place id exelutirencts,
 That none Uii liio-e coul 1 cuter tllcrc,
 W ho knelt with tile ortho h&gt;x nt prayer,
 And held ail virtues out of their pal?, t&gt;
 As idle words of no avail,
 John s face grew dark, as lie swore with a frown,
 “The coin is spurious, nail it down.”
 Wiie icver the world our eyes would blind,
 N\ itli fai.-e pretence of any kind,
 With humbug, cant, and bigotrv,
 Or a specious, slum piiil isiphy;
 itli w rong dressed up in the guise of right,
 And darkness passing itself for light,
 la*! us imitate John, and exclaim with a fiown,
 The coin is spurious, nail it down.”
 Float tile .\atiuiia! Fra.
 LIGHTS OF GENIUS.
 MV ALICE CAR KV. &lt;i
 4
 Upheaving pillars, on whose tops
 'l’he white shirs rest like capita Is, j*
 Whence every living spark tiiat dp^ps,
 Kin lies and blazes as it falls!
 And if the arch-lieuJ rise to pluck,
 Or stoop to crush their beauty (ffmn,
 A thousand oilier sparks mre struck,
 That glory settles in her crown!
 The iiage ship, with its brassy share,
 I’loiighs di blue sea to speed their course,
 And veins of irWLClcSiveJh&amp;pir,
 To waft them from theifTiuruiiig source!
 Ail, from the insect’s tiny wings,
 Anil the small drop of morning dew,
 To the vvi !e universe of things,
 The light is .-hi ai *g, burniiig through.
 Too deep lor our poor thoughts to gauge
 Lie tlieir clear s mrces, In ight as truth,
 Whence flows upon the locks of age
 The beauty of eternal \outh.
 Think, (J my faltering brother, tliiuk,
 If thou w i!t try, if thou hast tried,
 11 v all the lights tliott hast, to sink
 The sliaft ufan iuimntal tide
 THERE MUST BE SOMETHING WRUNG
 MY KLI/.V COOK.
 When earth pro luces free and fair,
 Tlie g&gt;! lea wavl ig com
 When fragniat limits perfume the air,
 And lleeey ti ks are sit mi;
 While tlioas in 1- in &gt;ve with aching head,
 And sing the ceaseless song,
 We starve, wo die, oh give us bread!”
 There mast be something wrong.}
 When wealth is wrou;!il as seasons roil,
 From oil tite fruitful soil;
 When lux try from pole to pole
 Reaps fruit of liuaran toil;
 W iieu from a th nisan I, one aloao
 In plenty rolls along—
 The otlicrs only gnaw the bone-
 Tliere must be something wrong.
 Ami when production newr enda.
 The earth is yielding ever;
 A copious harvest oft begi is,
 liut distribution—never!
 lieu toiling millions woik to lilt
 Tile wealthy rollers strong;
 When liaii Is are crustic I tiiat work and till,
 Tliere must be so n tiling wro ig.
 When poor men’s tables waste aw ty,
 To baricuaess and drought;
 There must lie sene thing in the way
 That’s wont i the fia ling out.
 M itli suit its one great table Is ads,
 W Idle imailiers m ivc along
 And scarce .1 rni»t tlieir l»o;ir I extends—
 -1 here must be soon tiling wrong.
 I Is il let lh law* give equal ligllt
 To Wealth*. an I to -.r;
 lei 1 lit omciu.lt the aim «f Might;
 We a-k I* n j tliiii g more;
 1 util this s\ -te:n i- liegua,
 The bar lea of our song
 .Must I-: th.s o il tin- oi.lv one
 There must be soar th ug wrote'.
 SONNET.
 BY WILLIAM VV. MORy.
 Fill luck the-welling net an will lii\ hand’
 I~t.li up the winds —tb -itt'Oii-' ouise eoutrul
 'JVu qm iirli lie ml, b.ii.i.g like a ~ij.
 And pud H* pc’s b«! a:i. away by which ’tis fanned—
 But never until then' Not -m&lt; r stand
 Tlk' fadeless st U&gt;, tm&gt;! circle round tlie Jwile,
 Tliau Truth an I Justice in tin tal *otd,
 W huh mail can sear tiol out with SjatKijh Is and.
 AH noble tils w ill yearu to th &lt;rppies*ed;
 Nor can-t tie hi dan that inward sympathy,
 That, ti le-l.ke, sweliefh v r in Fit* bn-a-t;
 F.ven a- tin* restless soul of the broad sea
 Heave* its fires'a water.- up, to purify
 Tl»e Rtaguant*pools the! on tbe marshes lie.
 SI .WES.
 They are Slave# who fi.-ar to #f&gt;cak
 Foi the fallen uti I tin weak;
 1 liey aft' Slaves who will not ea.roßU
 HalreJ, scolliag, and above,
 I tat her than in &gt;ih wee shrink
 From tl»e troth l'e-y nerds imi-1 think;
 'll,ey are SliV's W ilo dale not I*.
 1 i lla.- tight wilii two or three.
Sc l: t 11 on s
I iM&gt;n ll*» Rtcluifrxwi It* puLliean.
 TIIH DEAD SEA EXPEDITIOIf.
The September number of the South
 ern Literary Messenger contains an
 article of profound inter* st on this
 subject, from the pen of Lieut M. F.
 Maury.
 Lieut. Maury gives a history of thb
 expedition, brief but lucid, and which
 will increase the anxiety of the public
 to see the report of Lieut. Lynch, whe
 has made a successful survey, and who,
 we are glad to learn, is expected to re
 turn soon to this country.
 We learn from Lieut. Maury’s arti
 cle that this expedition was planned by
 Lieut. Lynch, and authorized by Secre
 tary Mason. In the spring of 1847,
 Lieut. Lynch first addressed the Secre
 tary on the subject, recommending a
 circumnai igation and exploration of the
 Dead Sea, and its entire coast; statins
 that the expense would be trifling, a*
 our ships frequently touched at Acre,
 in Syria, forty miles from Lake Tibe
 rias, or Sea of Gallilee, from which the
 river Jordan runs and debouches into
 the first-named sea; that the frame ol
 a boat, with crew and provisions, could
 he transported from Acre to Tiberias,
 and there put together again. Only
 one traveller, Mr. Cortigan, had ever
 circumnavigated the Dead Sea, and he
 died at the termination of his voyage,
 without leaving any journal or notes
 behind. It was contended, also, that,
 independent* of the eager curiosity ol
 all Chi i-tcndoin in regard to this mys
 terious lake, this expedition is of value
 to the interests of navigation.
 Tiie Secretary of the Navy received
 favorably the proposition of Lt. Lynch;
 and an opportunity soon occurred by
 which it could be conveniently carried
 into eiTect. It was necessary to send a
 store-ship to the Mediterranean squad
 ron, and as after her arrival she would
 have no employment for months, the
 Secretary determined to send Lieu
 tenant Lynch and his party in her; so
 that, after meeting the wants of the
 squadron, she could proceed up the
 Levant, and land Lieut. Lynch and his
 companions.
 This was done. The store-ship
 Supply was provided with two me
 tallic boats, one ol copper, the other ol
 iron; the former named Fanny Ma
 son,” and the latter Fanny Skinner.”
 On their arrival at their destination,
 their t roubles began; and in their march
 to Lake Tiberias, their boats had to be
 transported over the most formidable
 mountain gorges and heights, and to he
 lowered dow r n precipices with ropes.—
 But these difficulties were surmounted
 with true sailor skill and perseverance;
 and on the Bth of April the two 18 Fan
 nies,” each with the American ensign
 flying, were afloat upon the beautiful
 blue waters of the Sea of Gallilee.—
 Emblematic of its Master, it alone of
 all- things around them remained the
 same. Just as the Apostles saw it,
 when our Saviour said to it, ‘Peace, be
 still,’ this little band of rovers now be
 held it.”
 The navigation of the Jordan was
 found to be most diificult and danger
 ous, from its frequent and fearful rapids.
 Lt. Lynch solves the secret of the depres
 sion between Lake Tiberias and Dead
 Sea, by tlu\ tortuous course of the Jor
 dan, which, in a distance/of (it) miles,
 winds through a course of 2i)J miles.
 Within this distance, Lieut. Lynch and
 his party plunged down no less than *27
 threatening rapids, besides many oth
 ers of less descent. The difference of
 level between the two seas is over a
 thousand feet.
 The water of the Jordan was sweet
 to within a few hundred yards of its
 mouth. The waters of the sea were
 without smell, but hitter, salt and nau
 seous. Upon entering it, the boats
 were encountered by a gale, and it
 seemed as if the bows, so dense was
 the water, w T ere encountering the
 sledge-hammers of the Titans, instead
 of the opposing waves of an angry
 sea.”
 The party proceeded daily with their
 explorations, making topographical
 sketches as they went, until they reach
 ed the southern extremity of the sea,
 where the most wonderful sight that
 they had yet seen awaited them.
 In passing the mountain of Uzzont
 (Sodom) we unexpectedly, and much
 to our astonishment,” says Lt. Lynch,
 “saw a large, rounded, turret-shaped
 column, facing towards the southeast,
 which proved to be of solid rock-salt,
 capped with carbonnate of lime, one
 mass of ciystalization. Mr. Dale took
 a sketch of it, and Dr. Anderson and
 I landed with much difficulty, and pro
 cured specimens from it.”
 The party circumnavigated the lake,
 returned to their place of departure,
 and brought hack their boats in as com
 plete order as they received them at
 New' \crk. They are all in fine health.
 This is a specimen of the skill, system,
 and discipline of the American navy.—
 No nation in the world has done such a
 service. The time is coining when it
 "ill gL'e proof of that fact palpable to
 the most dull understanding.
 1 hanks to the good management of
 Lieut. Lynch, the whole eo-t of this
 scientific exploration to the Dead Sea,
 (except ot course the cost of the equip
 ago, and the maintenance of the crew
 ot the ship,) was but seven hundred
 dollars.
 From the letters of Lieut. Lynch,
 quoted by Lieut. Murray, we transcribe
 •he lollowing tacts elicited by the ex
 ploration:
 1 *'o bottom of the northern half of
 tiiis sea is almost an entire plain. Its
 tneridianal lines, at a short distance
 hoin the shore, scarce vary iu depth.
 1 ho deepest soundings thus far, is Iris
 fathoms, I !-isi feet. Near the shore,
 Hi bottom is generally an incrustation
 ot salt, but the intermediate o:,o is soft
 mud with many rectangular crystals,
 mostly cubes, of pure salt. At one
 time, Stella ager’s lead brought up noth
 ing but crystals.
 I he southern hall of the sea is as
 shallow' as the northern one is deep, 1
 and for nbout one-fourth of its entire
 length, the depth does not exceed three
 fathoms, (18 feet.) Its southern bed
 lins presented no crystals, but the shore
 is lined with incrustations of #alt; and
 when we land«-d at Uzzom, in the space
 of an hour, our loot-prints wert* coated
 with crystalizatton.
 i
The opposite shores %f the penin
 sula and the west coast, present evident
 marks of disruption.
 “There are unquestionably birds and
 insects upon the shores, and ducks are
 sometimes upon the sea, for we have
 scon them—but cannot detect any liv
 ing thin" within it, although the streams
 flow ing into it contain salt fish. I feel
 sure that the results of this survey will
 fully sustain the scriptural account of
 the cities of the plain/'
 He thus speaks of Jordan: “The
 Jordan, although rapid and impetuous,
 is graceful in its windings and fringed
 with luxuriance, while its waters are
 sweet, clear, cool, and refreshing.”
 After the survey of the sea, the party
 proceeded to determine the height of
 the mountains on its shores, and to run
 a level thence, ria Jerusalem, to the
 Medeitcrranean. They found the sum
 mit of the west bank of the Dead Sea
 more than 4,000 feet above its surface,
 and very nearly on a level with the Me
 i diterranean.
 It is a curious fact,” says Lieut.
 Maury, “that the distance from the top
 to the bottom of the Dead Sea should
 j measure the height of its banks, the
 elevation of the Mediterranean, and the
 difference of level between the bottom
 of the two seas; and that the depth of
 the Dead should be also an exact
 multiple of the height of Jerusalem
 i above it.”
 Another not less singular fact, in the
 opinion of Lieut. Lynch, is, that the
 bottom of the Dead Sea forms two sub
 i merged plains, ah elevated and a de
 pressed one. The first, its southern
 part, of slimy mud, by a shal
 low bay; the last, its northern and
 largest portion, of mud and incrusta
 tions and rectangular crystals of salt—
 at a great depth, with a narrow ravine
 running through it, corresponding with
 the bed of the river Jordan at one ex
 tremity, and the Wad ‘el Jeib,’ or
 wady within a wady, at the other.”
 The slimy ooze,” saysT.t. Maury,
 upon that plain at the bottom of the
 Dead Sea, will not fail to remind the
 sacred historian of the ‘.slime pits in
 the vale, where we joined in battle ‘four
 kings with five.’
 VVe have given this condensed view
 of Lieut. Maury’s instructive article,
 with its extracts from Lieut. Lynch’s
 letters, believing that the interest of the
 subject will excuse us in the eyes of
 our readers for abstracting so much
 space from politics. Lieut. Lynch’s
 report will be eagerly awaited by the
 public.
 From lhr&gt; Rt»:leetor and Watchman.
 tin: hidden treasure— a
 FA lIIV TALE.
 BY MRS. T. P. SMITH.
 “A fairy tale, p mother!” exclaimed
 several little voices at once, as Mrs. J
 took her scat at the accostomed hour,
 to tell the children a story.—“ Now
 mother do tell us a fairy tale; every
 body says they arc the most entertain
 ing, and you know’ w hen Cousin M sent
 i Mary How’itt’s fairy tales, she said
 fairytales were quite fashionable.”—
 “Well,” said the mother, “Iliad as
 lief tell a fairy talc as any other, but
 first tell me what you think is the mean
 ing of “fairy.” One replied, a “beau
 tiful being;” another “did not know:”
 hut the eldest hoy said he thought
 fairies were*imaginary beings.” Ta
 king that for a definition, his mother
 then began the fairy tale called
 THE HIDDEN’ TREASURE.
 One evening as a poor man and his
 w’ife, with five or six children, were sit
 ting at the door of their cottage, one of
 the children said, “O, father how
 poor we are! Ido wish a good lair/
 1 would come and tell us where we might
 find a great treasure. I guess I would
 not sit all day idle any more, and have
 so little to cat.” No sooner said than
 done—a beautiful woman stood before
 them, who said, “little boy, I heard
 your wish, and if you will obey my di
 rections, you may find a great treas
 ure.” Then turning to the man, she
 said, “A treasure lies hid in your
 grounds; if you will seek for it, you
 trill find, and may have it; it is not three
 feet from the surface either; begin to
 morrow In dig fur it.” —She then went
 away. The children clapped their
 hands for joy, and the man and his wife
 could hardly credit their ears that they
 had really heard such a thing; for they
 were very poor indeed; though the man
 had a large tract of land, it was uncul
 tivated, and yielded nothing, barely suf
 ficient pasturage for a poor cow, which
 afiorded them almost the only nourish
 ment they had. They were poor, idle,
 discontented people, and the children
 halt starved; so to be sure they were
 glad enough to hi ar the fairy’s words,
 and could hardly wait till the next
 morning to Legin to dig. They were
 up with the sun; those that could get
 shovels dug with them,those that could
 not, worked with their hands. In a
 few days they had dug a considerable
 of a place over, and several times they
 thought they had come upon the treas
 ure, but it was only stones: they went
 on so for sev ei al weeks, but had not
 found the treasure.
 One night as they sat at the door, the
 fairy again appeared. “Well,’’said she,
 “you haven t tonnd the treasure vet!
 No matter, dig away, you'll find it some
 time or other; meantime, Mr.G Jodmun.
 you must not let the*.- litlle ihlks starve;
 get some corn, aud throw into phat
 pate|t you have dug, and have feme
 corn growing. I’ll come by and
 by—dig away, you'll find the leisure;”
 so site wcut away.
 “That’* a capital idea,” said the fath
 er, (Goodman,) “I'll get some corn,
 and plant there to-morrow.” So he did
 and as they dug for the tre*-ure, it
 pleased them to see how soon the
 corn ripened, and what a crop they
 had; and the corn stalks made nice f,x,d
 lor the cow, too.—The mother dug for
 the treasure, sometimes, and having be
 come accustomed to it, they all accom
 plished together quite a large piece in
 a short lime; and soon the good fairy
 appeared again, She said "he knew
 l lay had n«M found the treasure vet, but
 she was afraid the young children had
 become tired of digging, and she
 thought they had better go into the
 woods, and wild strawberries,
 aud put into tt&gt;sJP piece they had dug;
 it was just (hMpilce to make straw
 berries very large and it would please
 tin in; but dig on said she jou will cer
 tainly jind the treasure yet; 90 the next
 day, the children went and brought
borne briskets of strawberry roots, and
 planted a nice bed of them; tl»ey then
 dug away again for the treasure.
 One day they dug op a terrible hard
 piece of the land, and had to pull up
 some old tree-stumps ai*| stones, Btc.
 round a large cherry tree behind the
 house, and they were very tired. That
 night a traveller came that way,and had
 to stop overnight, they lived so tar from
 any house. Aa they had no barn, he
 tied his horse to this cherry tree, and
 gave hirn his oats out of a bag he broufht
 on his back. The traveller went away
 next morning, but in a few day 9 they
 found that the oats the horse had spilled
 and scattered had sprung up in the
 nicely-dug ground, and they had a
 little field of oats. This pleased Mr.
 Goodman very much, and when the
 good fairy next appeared, he told her of
 it. “Oh, yes she said, “it would be
 a good plan to plant something in each
 place as you dig it —she said the next
 time she came she would bring some
 seeds for them. So they had another
 object for which to dig beside the find
 ing of the treasure —to see the things
 growing.
 She was as good as her word, and
 brought the seeds, and they had dug so
 well they could plant a great many
 melons and other nice things which they
 had never before seen in their lives;
 and the soil was so good, and had been
 so nicely dug and turned over for the
 treasure, that the plants grew so rapid
 ly, and ripened so soon, that the next
 time she came she told them they had
 i better stop digging a while, just till they
 could take care of the oats, and straw
 berries, melons, and other things.
 They had eaten as much of them as
 they wanted all the season, and sold
 some to the nearest houses, and now
 Mr. Goodman said they would go next
 week to the nearest market-tow n w ith
 the rest. So they went. The market
 people said the strawberries were the
 largest they had ever seen, and their
 melons brought the highest price; and
 the mother surprised them all by show
 ing a cheese she had made from the
 milk of their cow, which had yielded
 twice as innch, having better feed. The
 three youngest children had carried
 each two baskets of strawberries, (the
 baskets they made of willow twigs,)
 while the elder ones and their father
 were loaded w ith melons, pears, beans,
 corn, &amp;c. and when they had sold them
 and come out of the town on their way
 home, a happier family were never
 seen. They had all a handful of money
 they had earned themselves! When
 they got home they sat round a table,
 and putting all their money upon it sat
 looking in wonder and joy. They had
 never seen so much in all their lives be
 fore: they wer! so pleased, they had
 quite forgotten the treasure they had
 dug so hard and so long fur, till the fai
 ry put her head in at the door.
 How beautiful your farm looks!”
 said she “and your cherry tree will
 bear bushels of nice cherries next sea
 son, now you have dug away all those
 stones and stumps from the roots. See
 how it is branching out! and what have
 you hpre?” looking on tkc tafek.
 '‘'•‘Moncyt silver! dollars! Ah!” said
 she, Did I not toll you that there was
 a hidden treasure in your ground, that
 you would certainly find, if you dug for
 it? This heap of money is the least
 part of the treasure you have found by
 digging.
 Look how healthy you have all be
 come! how industrious and useful your
 children have become—how hopeful
 and happy all are! Look at your
 farm now Sphere was nothing but
 stumps and stones before you dug, is
 now a garden and fields!* Yes, you
 have found more than one treasure;
 and now, should you like to know my
 name? 1 ain called ‘lndustry, or the
 Poor Man’s Fairy.’ I always know
 and tell where a treasure is, to all—
 children even, if they will listen to my
 voice and words; adieu, adieu;” and
 she kissed her hands and disappeared,
 leaving them still looking at the trea
 sure they had found.
 The children thought this was such
 a nice fairy tale, and called so clamor
 ously for another, that Mrs. S. told
 them she would think of another for the
 next evening, and if the young folks
 who read this, like it, she will write
 the next down for them to read in the
 Rijleclor and Watchman.
Intrepidity of a Lady.—A remark
 able instance of intrepidity and coolness
 was exibited.at the Blue Lick Springs
 a few days ago by Miss L., a belle of
 Bourbon county in this State. Miss L.
 and Mr.F.,a gentleman from the south,
 on their return from an excursion on
 horseback, were riding down the long
 hill about a quarter of a mile from the
 hotel at full speed, the lady being a
 little ahead. At a sudden turn of-the
 road, the gentleman’s saddle turned,
 and he fell from his horse, but his foot
 remainded in the stirrup, and the horse,
 although his pace was somewhat slack
 ened, kept on his way’ dragging the
 tallen man upon the ground. The
 young lady, seeing this, lotted in her
 own horse by a sudden effort, leaped
 Irorn him whilst he was still in rapid
 motion, ran hack, seized the other horse
 by the bridle, and released her gallant
 ru,n bis perilous situation.
 I his feat was witnessed bv hundreds
 at tiie springs, who could find no words
 strong enough to express their aduiira- 1
 lion ot the daring courage of the beau
 tiful young heroine —Louisville Jour.
Mitchell, the Patriot. —Mitchell,
 the Irish Patriot, is employed at Ber
 muda, in the convalescent ward for
 sick officers, in consequence of an opin
 ion ot his physician that he was suffer
 ing from chronic disease, and was in
 capable of out-door convict labor.—
 Bait. Sun.
Law aoaimsi Betting ox Elec
 tions.—-Section 15—“ No person shall
 be permitted to vote at any election who
 suail make any be| or wager, or bo di
 rectly or indirectly interested in any bet
 or wager depending upon the result of
 any election at which such persons may
 offer to vote.”
Katixo. —A man in perfect health
 cugut always to rue from the table with
 appetite. If either the body or
 the mind be legs fit ior action aAer eat
 ing than before, that is, if the man be
 ,e fit either for labor or study, he bath
 P r «P*r quantity. Dr.
 ft auuerif'ht.
A*b m Use Pnm t
 1 TRIBITE TOR TIE VEGRO,
 ■ii!to Timcinov or t«« «nui, irrtt-
 LrcTtr*L ard religions capabilities or
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND^
 H a A particular rrfrrcnct to tAr African rm e».
 Illustrated by numerous Mtbrntir feet?. Binrraphka
 Sketch* l Testimonies of Travellers, Jcr.
 Tim* mol ires which haTe irtmlcJ the author in
 preparing the above-mentioned work, air solely a
 desire t*» intend and enlighten the pnbtic cnind, on
 a subject intimately connected with the happiness or
 misery of a large portion of the human family; and
 by a relation of farts ami testimonies, whirh mi
 assertion? ran aor.nl. to remove a deeply-rooted pre
 judice, existing iu the mtuuia of many, respecting the
 African race.
 It is an important question whether the Negro is
 constitntiotstHr, and thrrcfi*re irmoedialdy inferior
 to tliu white man, iu the »&gt;wcrs of the mind. .Much
 of the future welfare of the human rare depends on
 the answer which experience ami facta will furnish
 to. this qu* ?ti &gt;n; t'.rr it ronerrns not onlv the mil
 population of Africa, lait many millions of the Negro
 race, w ho are located elsewhere, and the w hites wlw
 arc becoming mixed with the I dark rwee, in countries
 where Slavery exists, or where it has existed till
 w ithin a recent period. .Many persons have ventur
 ed upon peremptory decisions on l**th sides of tha
 question hut the majority appear to he still misatis
 tied as to the real capakuiities of the Negro race.—
 Their present actual inferiority in many res|iects,
 comparing them as a whole with the lighter colour
 ed portion of mankind, is too eviifent to he disputed;
 hut it must he borne in mind that they are not in a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to lie drawn be
 tween the two. Their present degraded state may
 lie easily accounted for by the circumstances amidst
 which Negroes hare lived. With in their own country
 and abroad. Ifa single instance can be adduced o
 an individual of the African race exhibiting a genius
 which would be considered eminent in civilized Euro
 pean society, we have a proof that there is no incom
 patibility between Negro organization ami high in
 tellectual power .c But it is not one alone, but many
 rcmaikahle rases of this description that are brought
 forward iu the present volume, which includes up
 ward.* of 150 Biographical sketches of Africans or tfuir
 descendants, besides Facts and Anecdotes, Testimo
 nies of Travellers, Missionaries, &amp;c., tile whole
 forming a complete “Tribute eor the Negro,”
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un
 founded calumnies which have lieen heaped on the un
 fortunate race of Alriea, proving them to he endowed
 with every characteristic constituting their identity
 with the great family of Man, and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which is a daring usurpation of tlie
 prerogative anti authority of the Most High.
 The work will be rendered additionally interesting
 by AN APPROPRIATE introductory poem,
 written purposely for the occasion, by Bernard
 Bartow. It will also lie enriched by the addition
 of a lieautifnl engraving, from a painting presented'
 to the London Missionary Society, representing two
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidence beforapa
 Select Committee of the House of Commons. 'lnc
 Africans are giving evidence, Dr. Phillip is seated
 in the foreground, and Jatnes Read, sen. and jun.,
 Missionaries from South Africa, are standing, the
 latter acting as interpreter. Tlie volume will also con
 tain portraits of
 ClwqUE, the Chief of Amistad Captives.”
 Jan Tzatzok, Christian Chief of tlie Amakosae
 Trilic, South Africa.
 J. W. C. Penikgton, a highly esteemed Minister
 of the Gospel, of [wire African extraction.
 Frederick Douglass, tlie fugitive slave.
 Olacdah K.qci ANo, or Gcstavcs Vassa.
 Engraved on steel by firot-rntc Artists. Also aFa c
 simile of the writing of Toussaint L’Ouvek
 turf, the Black Chief of Hayti.
 The work will be printed in the licst type, on fine
 paper, and consist of altont 500 pages Bvo., Ix-nutifiil
 ly bound in cloth, with an appropriate ilevicc, form
 ing an elegant volume for the drawing-room table.
 All profits arising from its sale will be devoted to
 the Anti-Slavery cause; American price, to subserd
 ers &amp;3; to non-subscriliers individuals desirou
 of possessing copies will oblige by sending their oi
 ders to Wilson Akmistkad", Leeds; or to die
 North Star Ofito.
 eSr
PElilOlm'AL
SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Reriew i The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodical* are reprinted in New York,
 immediately oil tiwir arrival by tire British steamers,
 m a liAutdul dear type, on line white paper, and
 arc faithful copies of die originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; tlie
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The “North British Re
 view” ij more of a religious character, having lieen
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 liis death, lieing' conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Manna, associated w ith Sir David Brewster. Its
 is of tire very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if SUBSCRIHED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the f&gt;ur Reviews, £3 00 per annum.
 1 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all lour of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood tlie 4 Reviews, 19 00
 Payments to be matte in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Fonr copies of any or all the above work* will lie
 sent to one address on jay men t of tte regular sub
 scription for three—the iotnlh copy lieing gratia.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A kite arrangement with the British pahlisher* of
 Blackwood's Magazine secures to us early sheet* of;
 tliat work, l&gt;y which wc shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hand* of subscriber* before am
 portion of it can lie reprinted in any of the Ameri&amp;n
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may lie compelled to raise tlie price of the Maga
 zine. Tlieiefurc we repeat auljecribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communication* should lie always 1
 addressed, |w&gt;«t-paid or franked, to the poblisliers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO,
 79 Fulton street, New York.
Tlir. GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 dolphin. (Jliiirtered in 183b—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capita), £&gt;300,000 —Bcnjuuiiu VV. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continue* to make insurance on live*, granl
 .uiiliiilie* am! c:iduv% incuts, an.! accept irutla fruai in
 dividuals, corp irate Is* lie*, an i court* of justice,
 aixl execute (item agreeably to the lie*ire of the par
 tic.% and receive dc;&gt;u»ii.i of money iu trust or on
 interest.
 Hie Cnrn|any add a bantu at Mated period* to
 Las insurance for life, anduu the 20th of January
 b»t, an addition was in id to all the policies l‘&lt;&gt;r life,
 reuieining in force and i-stied prior to January Ist,
 1812, ifinnunti.ng to 10 per rent, on the *mu insured
 in pnli&lt; k&gt;« i«*ued in 1837; 7) per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportion* according
 to ibeir respective date*.
 Ihe duel i lyert of an insurance for life i* to pro
 vide a sum id money at the death of the j&lt;art_\ instir
 ed, (or the benefit oi* a widow, chilfrea, friend* or
 creditors; and it will lie seen on examination of the
 Üble of rate* of the life i.uurance, which will be
 lu:lushed I* the suiisrrilwr to all who hut feel an
 i'*ere.-t in the subject, rtiat by paving a snvafl tuui to
 tlie irfbre every war during bis lite, a person may se
 rnre to hi* family a ferv euu*idera)&gt;ie amount at lus
 decease.
 hererer the system of Life Insurance is properly
 unilerittssi, it is extensively adopted, ami its great
 advantages to all, last in.se especially to those who
 •hyietij on their us a exertions Cjt the support of their
 laiUiltr*, of who iojy lie -'lesirious to secure the pay*
 tneat of a sum of money to dv ir friends, creditors or
 cad Iren, at their decease, which they might 1* oth
 erwise aa.tl.le to arr anplish, that the operatioa of the
 system needs but to be explained to ensure the MTH
 on* consider tsboa U the public.
 In several instances a has happened that the partv
 tnswtd has i!i«J shortly after luting paid only use
 or two instalments of the premium, when his teinitV
 have receive. I from this o&amp;ce the full for
 which be had insme-L.
 KuU informal-O* on this important subject may be
 oUaino.J by apply u*”, persouaiiy or by letter (port
 punt) at the othce of the subscriber, the authorised
 of the Guard Lifr Insurance Company.
 _ WILLIAM BAKE Well,
 BalieweJPs L*w Buildings,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
 TOPP, Merchant Tailor, &amp;4tf Brrnd-
 mamM ofon,,
 I Albany, Fib. H^Hg,
PROSPEECTUS OF THE
 Aserlcaa flrfi«l«ocal
 a* 5. FOWLER, EDITOR.
 T 9 reform amt prrfort ouraeKe* am) cm race, u
 the non ruknl of alt work*. 1 et. to do this r
 most Mkltrybuil the Human CmWRW*
 Phtiwkic*. Plntinho and Vital Mitwtaa
 brace, aad ware expound all the law* of
 mnliiinw of hapiHimn, aw) eonstitate the phihw*&gt;-
 fpht’e stone of l airmail Troth.
 PHRENOLOGY*
 Earh number will rontaiu either the analysis am
 loratww of some |ihtrnol»rira) fondly, illustrated by
 aM Engraving, or an anka) on ttirtr cnmhinalind*:
 ■**d also the nrraniutioii and character of some dis
 tinguished jietnouag-, accompanied by a hkrnrs*.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Lifr, T)«- great mstruraeut of talent rir
 toe and happiness, all of w hich it augments. To iu
 prmemtioo and rastor.it ion, special attention will be
 firm.
 magnetism.
 ith practial in.4tnjrti.in, interesting; f.ictsy ami
 choice truths which it unfokls, will be presented in
 this Juttntal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 Tlte birMwp liter enjoy, the influence they ran
 wield, and their pr. fvimri .ii fiw conducting o«r insti
 tutions, will total the ilietne of a series of articles.
 self-improvement.
 Who does not long oarm-lly, anti would not strire
 assiduously, to cultivate his natural powers, and
 rewlcr hiinsell U-tter and more happy To such,
 each number will lie a prompter ami trxt-Liok.
 TERMS—invariably in advance —ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of thia Journal will be
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
To receive attention, letter* atul order* must be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER k WELLS.
 No 131 ‘Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM R. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots anti Shoes, SO, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and «ill sell cheap tor rash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Mems. Parker and
 Davis.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 TIIE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, C.a., and the’scientist
 experiments of Mr. Henmirr of England,* luivr
 recently and indubitably established die fact, that
 the conclusions at which tlie undersigned arrived b\
 the sense of touch, in »44. are in harmonv with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 Jtuman liorly, in a healthy condition, is in a posit hr
 electrical state, and that' the electrical emanations
 from the ruticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms and character of disease—there is s&lt; me
 reasrm to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 'theso principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferation*
 against the positive ei.ectrical state of the
 human laxly, and will hesitate" to dissuade those
 w hom they have failed to relieve ©f their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the North am r
 ton Water Core. Tims sustained bv the light
 of science, the undersigned "may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where tin
 w rist, stomach, or lungs, arc in die electro-negativt
 condition, tl.e patient is beyond the power of watei
 to aflord relief. On the otlier hand, when the pint:
 of the body alluded to» are in the electro-positivi
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hop
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ praclic
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by w hich the undersigned i
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charade
 of disease, And practising the cure, the recent scion
 tide demonstration of their correctness, by IVofcsso
 Means and Mr. Heminer, could not fail to couvinc
 tlie most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous I
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Pracli
 lioner, by a discerning public, and the gratiludi
 evinced by tliose wlmm be has had the pleasure ti
 relieve of their complaints, tlie undersigned wil
 assiduously endeavor to sustain tip credit, mid met i
 that gratitude, in tlie case of edi invalid who into
 afford lutn an opportunity to. effect a cure, by hi'
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The N’oi timinj.too Water Cure is pleasantly «itu
 nterf near Remuwri'la, on tlie west bank iff I.’ickiiu
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mik i
 from the centre of the towp. It is eonvenientb
 arranged, w ith separate pallors, bathing and dress"
 ing-n Kims, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well vcntil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, am
 a variety of baths, supplied w ith water, which, fn
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness. to wafer-cun
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishmeut in tliis country. Tlie scenery in tld
 vicinity is picture srpie ami romantic There are
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, ti
 allow water-cure patients to apprar as "they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles" wiihou
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which arc In re successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head"
 Cold extremities, general and nervous debility, brmi
 eliitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous ami spinal
 affections, inflammatory ami chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, giaralvsis, fevers sail
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All path#* who visit tliis establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish »liemse|ves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one ot
 two linen ami three cotton rivets, two pillow eas«-s
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an nm
 lire I la, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and Ixiard are £5 50 to
 ¥8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A jKitieut who from choice or tin": character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on tlie third floor
 will pay 88 00 per week—on die first ami second
 floors, $8 50 per week. I'atients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except
 ing purposes,) will furnish Uieirowu nurses ami fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Sorthnmptftn, March 1848.
 N.n. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from tlie
 cast, west, or south, ran take tlie cars of the Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wili
 always lie in readiness at the .Northampton depot to
 convey them hitticr. 1
 The hi,man Mood, Irt A normal and lienlthy eon
 dit.on of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which tit constantly maintained bv tlx* activity of the
 generating sources w ithin-*o excess gencralfy p«s
 mg off in silence from dm cuticular surface, so mat
 mtt of A* experiments mmle by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upoo dm uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of die fluid upon die surface, we believe to Is? bid.*
 pensable to die liealthful condition of tlie whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished ceases, disrased action ensues
 Geoaddre**, delivered befbre the Medical College of
 isSrgta, at the opining of its animal session, Nov.
 8, 1847, liy A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor f
 Chemistry ami Pharmacy, an-l Profess,r of Physical
 .Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
ATHOL HATER CARE.
 THE Afecriber begs lea re to rail t'c attention
 of Invalids, especially those tuTrrini front
 oi idk, to hu hydropathic eiuMubuirnt in
 Athol, Max*.
 I I*'-****® **a* opened tor the reception of patient*
 last season, arel it is believed excellent lacilj.
 tie* hr a pltilurjpliie awl thorough course m hydro
 pathv. ihc supply of water is abundant, and in
 pwtv ban 'teen pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled. i lie location is quite eligtMe, lieing t*,i
 ja *h.at distant* from the V. k M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds ia a variety of scenery, are! ha*
 clianum* grounds for walks amt rumble*. So ilui
 witn the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, ami
 exercise, patient* ran .earreK fail to obtain the
 braltiifol remit* whieh thev l .lx.r
 -1 be following ca*e illu.trai« this remark. Mrs.
 8., Wife of D*a. 8., t 4 Marwick, Mass., aged
 asait thulv-kve years, was brought to us L*t
 August. Her ease presented the following pheno.
 ns na. If placed in an erect position, ami left un-
 Khe forthwith fell hu.kwari to the;
 *l*9 supported, she marie an
 cft.rt to walk, either foul, alien tarried forward, j
 despite her effort* to the contrary, would crus* the i
 •tht-r. Sl* had l**m in tfetw eootlttion nearly a
 year. Her treatment commented the Itkli of Seiit..
 and »ii continued to the 25t1» Oct. only, when *be
 i h it, mi far recovered an to h. aide to walk half a
 with ease, time* her return to her family, she
 Bm couiiHoed her witb im&gt;
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 dome sue duties, ami with the assistance of a smalt
 girt, lines the work of her family.
 fat teats w desired to hiss three comfortable*
 P* 4 W woollen blanket*, .me pair of stowu!
 bawdag with old baea u*
 Terms, from fire to ton dollars per week, accord.
 int to the aeeesshkis or choice of the patients.
 n e who ara lean particular ia lha selection oi
 rooms, or are wiUiau to occmy iheai ia
 with others, will bertmrrH let.
 AUad, March, HUB. GRORf.E H6YT.
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 »Y LYSAKPER APOOSRg.
 The ADsuty Patriot call* it—“ A neat pamphlet
 lON page* —n Terr mnarkaWe production.
 Whrthrr all the aatirqntKin* of Mr.
 wouki br rralitrd hy the toll mk&gt;|&gt;tioa of hi* tbecev,
 we do not here stop to enquire; hnt we heartily com
 mend his endeavor to the m&lt;tinr of all who lute a
 transparent forcible dietioo —intrepid itnlrpcixlcnce—
 original thought—ami entire freedom from toe rant
 of sect «w party. A* judicial writer, he has ;t depth,
 a compass, far br vnrel any one whose production*
 have met mir eve in a long lime.”
 Hiatt’* .Merrhanl’* Magarine mv*—" It abound*
 in boltl ami original thoughts. The illegal rouse* of
 poverty are stated, ami a mtoiler of important propo
 sition* bearing on the subject hsid tlown; and,noth*
 whole, we cunshJer it a work well worth study iftg—
 affording as it &lt;iors many valuable hints to llte stall
 man amf political economist.”
 The Bangor Gasette says— 4 An aide ami recta in
 ly ordinal work, (rout the pen of l.iictolrr Spooner,
 E«i|.—autlHir of tlctf powerful hook which demon
 strates the urn oustitutu nudity of Ameriraii Slavery.
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,’ 'Phis new work is des
 tined to lead to a re examination of alt bmuer sys
 tems of |*.diliral H'.KwniyAt first blush hi* eco
 nomical pro;*.sili. .its strike it* as sustainable—am! if
 liny are so, his work will prevail, ami |so hlure an
 mgs riant rcvuluttoa iu the present prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH. Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Prirc 25 Cents.
Han't* ctrriablr kxiract
 I* the only really that can I* relied on fur tfco
 |*-rinai&gt;cnt cure of Spasmodic Contraclion*, Irrita
 tion of the N'erTrs, Nervous nr »&lt;i« k W.lduche
 NctT.nu Tremors, Neuralgic Affection*, tiener*
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and fin steal F.ner-
 ITy, amf all Nerv.iug Disorders, including tin- most
 dreadful of all diseases that alfiret the human race—
 /pr7&lt;p*y, or Fulling Nu krrs* Hysterical Kits,
 Convulsions, Spasms, &amp;c It is well known, that
 from tiua&gt; immemorial, Khvsician* have pronounced
 Epileptic Kits incurable, it lias Imttfcd all llitir
 skill, an.l the boasted power of all medicine, an.l
 Consequently thousand* have suffered through a ini*-
 Mru bk-existence, and at la*t yieklctl up dual lives 911
 the Alim of [inanity. —Tin- propricti rof ihe Vcget
 alde Extract, how evtr, fe* no delicacy in saying
 that it can lie cured. He would, thcrefc.lt-, respedt
 -1111 Is invite physicians, ami ail oilier* ulio are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony n hich is here oflered.
 If it is deception, lot ii lie expisgd but if it i*
 true, then in the uaiiie of humanity, no longer let it
 lie said that Kpil.q sy is inerrable.
 Ifmn\i YrgttaUe Fi trait. —For sixteen year*,
 lias l*-eii tested by many pci Son* yyho have sullen. I
 with this dieadfini disease, and in every case when;
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Dcrslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted yvith Kits for more
 than nine years, nth I has been cuied by tlm use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J-. Biadev, 115 Orrhard street, New York,
 states that she has Iwen subject to i- its tor inuiiy
 years, and has been restored to perfect health (alter
 every other means laid failed) by the use of tlio
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Bussell on.,
 Alabama, yyho is one of the I. st Physicians in tlto
 Htate, says that he has been much bcnehUed l&gt;y the
 use of the Vegetal le Extract, and tlmt he luiliesitut
 -1 ingiy prescribes it in every e#se of I’j ilepsy yyhieli
 1 comes under bis knowledge.
 Curtis Muylieriy, I *«j., formerly I’.-stn.asfi r
 I at Lime Mills,! raw lord I’a., now living in
 Erie Co., I’a., stati s tJ.ai lor many var* pot |u;
 lias liecn sorely idllicted yy 1.11 l its, and lie is now
 happy lo state that a p-i.cvoiing use of Dr. Mail's
 Vegetable Extrait, bus restated hinilos. mid health,
 I Ix-ing entirely liee.l li. 111 that yvni&gt;t I all i‘i-t.i*es.
 Judge Randall, lab Hcniy stieet, New nik,
 liaving used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly 1 eeniiinieutls it to all persons who
 I aie aftlicted w ith Kits.
 M. Hti plien E. I’ratt, corner of Sixth Avcriio
 J and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, slates that
 i Mr. t has, 11. Houghton, a member of his family-11.1*
 I been so severely aUiieted x\ it li Epileptic Kits for
 many years, that lie was obliged to leiirquislt his
 business. Having Used Dr. Halt's cg.-taMe Ex
 tract (says Mr. I ratt,) he vias soon lestored to
 I perfec t health, and left this city for the Htutlk of
 Ohio to resume hi* business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector fcf St. Refers Cberntj,
 Spotsyyoml, New Jcr-ey, yvl.o has been tdiiicte l
 with Epileptic b its for mow* llian foitv years, stares
 tl ng p.e lias used Dr. Hart's gctahlc Extract, and
 i bis health has liei n so niwh improved that he hop s
 1 by Divine blessing, lo have no more Kit*.
 ljulijtic Fit*. —K. r tyyefily-seven years and ,«ix
 I months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following leniatkahle ease of the son of
 1 in. Hi-core, K*q, of I hi.at elphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Kits twenty-seven years and six mouili*.
 After travelling tluough England, Zetland, l.ei
 ninny and France, eoi-sultiug the most einiuent
 physicians, and expending tor medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dcllais, letcm.d
 I with hi* son to tliis rountiy in November last., wnb
 "lit ri d iving any benefit wliati ver, and yy. s mini
 by using Hurt'* Vrtiti.Ue l j/rtut. I have ,pent
 ovir three thousand dollai for u e. ieine ami medical
 altcuiiaiice. I yra* advised to take a tour to Em
 rope yvith him which I did. I tiisi vi.-ited England,
 I consulted tlic most eminent physician* tin re in
 reject to his case they xumiiieii Inin and preset 1
 l ®W‘ ilf,, r *luigly. I remained there lln ee 111011.1
 yvitTiout perceiving any change for the Lett* r, which
 cost me about two hundred anil fitly dollars, p.&lt;+-
 eted by the physician-, and the most that I received
 was their opinion l!i;d niv son ra*e w.ts In p less,
 and lOS 11 IV EL\ INI IKA I. EE. I neeotdiugly
 lelt England travelled through rtt. llaml, (.e.n.aov
 and France, and returned Lome in ti e mouth of
 N'ovemlier last, wdh my son as li.r fi.Tm 1 1 ing cured
 as when 1 lelt, I saw your advertisement in one of
 the New Voik pajiers, and concluded to tiy Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates &lt;»f so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and 1 can assinc you I am m t
 sony I did so, as by the use of Hart's Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to I'HUKCT
 IiEAEIiH His 1 canon, which was so far gone as t&lt;»
 unfit him for bnsim i- entirely restored, with the
 prosjiert now before him of lile, health and useful-,
 ness, lie is now years of age, ami 27 years ft
 months of this time ha» been alilicted with this
 most dreadful of disease*, but tii.uik God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without work* I don’t bcliev*
 in. To say I shall lie ever grateful to you is on«
 tiring, ami a. I here enclose you one hundred dol.arv,
 1 havc “V. UmU U,t »«U think this an.Hh.-r and
 quite a different thing. Tire deU of gratitude I *idl
 owe you; Iwt please accept this amount a* inttie.L
 on the debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY Ll’ON TESTIMONY.
 11l ref-I erne to the almost miraculous efficacy of
 dim truly wm-lerfbf medmine, read the U flowing
 f r r .r l I,r W of Guilford, Ohio,
 me of the most eminent physician* in that placet
 litiAUr hdsntr in tli*- raose of humanity—Dear
 **r. tt 1* with no small degree of pk-aswe that
 am enabled to anauunoe u, y &lt;m the complete triumph
 1 medicine: in ia«ejf of f!|&gt;ik 1
 b.rve |&gt;res«*i ds-.i it in iiutanres in tin. vu iaity,
 ami it ha* licett highly »,lid 1,1 ell. Thr«-e of
 t!.e |*atarut», 1 trust, liave be.ii radicajiy lurtd.
 Ihe fourth one is rapidly improving, and will,
 think witfsart doubt recover. 1 am mH in the habit
 ot prescnlnug or recommending puteiil fiu dnaucs,
 Uit wlren I ;U article which promise* *o UMKh
 for tin; rrlref of suffering betnanity, I t»-et my doty
 to recomiiw ml if, ami I have no Wsital.m in *w&gt;-
 mg Ui;.t as as tin; faer.hy are fully acquainted
 with thr; n*nl merit vour mediehse, thi y vtiil
 eLwe tireir eyes ag «m&gt;t 'pu ju t.ee wad feiai \o« a
 heh.too Ucrvl.
 I sniper iU myself yonrs, winrerelv
 ISigne.l] ’W.L. MONROE M I&gt;
 lo Dr. Jt. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME LS Nt/r FAR DISTANT
 W*il ItMMJMiIISI RTF ib.ya a i f
 every alti. k uuv Move fatal will
 i A will lust M-rnum-i.l
 z':L:i mzr 1 s
 lI!^ K u.“' r L^!!P l l,A:&lt;n cwnru itk*
 rt 7'*«i *nU;M,«WH.y of the ilemdic. d
 bt Cd U ***s list’s Vegeta*
 I'repar.- i by ft. IIAkT, M. I&gt;., New Vork.
 Frtce, owe ftfage uu
 Ih, ftwjr. package. to
 up in b..u* ftn u«»«-
 ‘ff* 1 »nv urrt of the I’niloJ
 r.f Mam street, jn-
 I. Ohm, General Agents for ih; I'aiUil
 •XlMea, to wb-nil all cssunmnicaimos must be «d
 I *t l id
 lb Hands t'orm-r of Fulnm sal M illuaSt,
 New York.
 p Msm 4 Si. Rauls Rochester,
 E. Ilollnl-r, 217 Main stmt Ruffak*.
 H. it K. Gavkwl, Agent. fi»r f'fcvek.ml Ohio,
 f*J 4 KiULkvw, 4 .dumbos.
 J-G 4G. H MdL Detroit, Michigan,
 w*. Cwoninghnm. Millnske Vt w.
 J/ H Sand, ami Co., Uwcngo Itt.
 Ihet. T. Mason, Dnlu. pa- fuwa.
 H. B lacks ley, sid Co., f&lt;t. lawns Mo.
 Anftftar Halo l&gt;y u«»t of the priiM q«ui Drapg-sis,
 throughout the I oiled Htates.
 Thomas 4 milih, 1® Main «tm-t,
 *Gp-»4-Jy OncianauUhfe
"
