"Notices.
Rhode Inland Anti-Slavery Society
 Annual Meeting.
 The thirteenth annua! meeting of the Rhode
 Inland Anti-Slavery Society, will be held in
 Pen id on Thun*.l ay and Friday, Nov
 ember 16th. and lTth, IBfB.
 Th usual edhrt will be made to secure the
 attendance of distinguished friends of emanci
 pation from abroad, and it is confidently
 hoped that the meeting will be rendered inter
 esting lo all who may be present.
 f)jr earnest appeal to all the friends of Lib
 ert; in Rhode Island is, that they will once I
 again lend to us and to the cause, their pre
 Mice, their warm sympathies and their gener-!
 oas efforts. This sorely is not a time when
 the Pioneers of our cause in this .State—the
 earnest and true men and women of the home
 of Roger Williams should filter in their work,
 or lack faith in the ultimate triumph of their
 doctrines. The fires which have been kindled,
 and whim are now bursting forth, even
 amongst the old and long enslaved and slavery
 shnttered political parties, should be kept
 burning; and en quirers for the truth should
 1&gt;:: {minted to a higher duty and a more glori
 ous purpose. Let us come together, then,
 with warns and determined hearts, and taking
 courage from the past, resolve again to press
 forward with renewed zeal and a closer friend
 ship for our cause, to the prize so dear to us.
 and so full of joy to the enslaved.
 In behalf of the Rhode Id and Anti-Slavery
 •Society,
 JOHN BROWN, President,
 Ammuncy Punk, Secretary.
 Providence, It. 1., Oct. 2, 1818.
Western X. V'. Anti-Slavery Society.
 'Plie Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, Nov. 14lh, at the
 Anti-Slavery O.Tiec, 25. Buffalo Street.
 Attendance is requested at half-past seven
 o'clock precisely.
 W C. NELL, Itec. Sec.
The Slave trade.
 The public not long since was shocked by
 t!i* aunou:iccm nt nf an awful tragedy in the
 jail of Covington Kentucky. A husband and
 wife, on their way to the .Southern market,
 about to bo torn from tlioir only child, buried
 knife in its heart, and then slew themselves.
 !i) can imagine the intensity of the agony
 which drove them to such a deed as this
 I wo other instances of a similar kind, not
 indeed so horrible, but still lamentable, have
 just fallen under our notice.
 Tite Rockville (Md.) Journal of Septem
 ber 30th, says—
 “A negro man belonging to Mr. Philip,
 Stone, who resides near this place, chopped
 his hand off with an axe on Wednesday last.!
 lie stated that he was induced to do so from a I
 fear that iiis master would sell him. lie had
 run olfa le v days previous, and had just been i
 brought home.”
 The probability is that he had a wife or
 fi mly in the neighborhood, and resorted to
 tin* dreadful expedient to avoid the anguish
 of b ung separated from them.
 The other case we find thus briefly reported
 n the llu hnumd fa.) Whig:
 “An ionipicsl was held before Coroner
 \V icker yesterday evening, upon the body oi
 Simon, a slave belonging to a gentleman in
 tSnrry e unity, who was brought to th? rity for
 sab, and was in the care of a gentleman of
 this city, who on yesterday, about sunrise,
 voluntarily threw himself down a well in the
 yard, and was drowned. Verdict—voluntary
 suicide.'*
 The words we have italicised throw light
 upon the cause of this tragedy.
 Has the negro no heart 1 is he not suscep
 tible of home a (feet ions? llow can we help
 abhorring a system which thus tramples upon
 them in cold blood, and treats men like
 brutes
 That was a most merciful attempt which
 a.i* made in ihe last Legislature of Alabama
 to prevent the dismemberment of slave fami
 lies by sale; we hope it will be renewed
 again and again, until it succeeds.— .Va/. Era.
Party Politics.—ln traveling we hear
 litila but politics: abuse or exaltation of
 .soma \Vbio candidate or Democratic aspirant,
 iri litis sad state of affairs, the interests ol
 education are aforgutlen the welfare of the
 Italian is lost sight of; the progress of cor
 ruption is rapidly downward the sighs and
 groans of the oppressed are unheard and,
 above all, religion, true vital piety, is almost
 extinguished.
 ilow little do men read now but political
 papers. These find their way into almost
 every family in the land. They are imper
 ceptibly, but certainly and rapidly, moulding
 »he minds of thousands and thousands, and
 dt .itimg the current of thought from almost
 nil that is good. How long shall these things
 be? How long shall the press, with its
 thousands of weekly and daily issues, he
 made the iustrum *nt &lt;d fostering corrruption,
 nn l chilling the very life-blood of Christianity,
 and rendering void almost every effort to
 promote the interests of true and undefiled
 religion I But a better day is coming/’
 Perhaps when the present campaign is over
 we miv liojie to see a little iiuue repose, in
 second sober thought. There are some re
 deeming principles at work; there are still
 tome minds not carried away by those broils
 4 l' party; there are yet seven thousand
 who have not bowed the knee to JJaal nor
 kissed his linage/’ The piess shall yet be
 redeemed. Concur(l duo I'rcc Press.
 The P.viuLLKLui’iPiin Steam Engine.—
 Au important improvement has recently been
 'f en d on the steam engine, bv Johh Mc-
 Douall. Esi]., of the M alkmshaw Foundry,
 Joimstone, Renfrewshire, Scotland. Mr. Me
 i tun all, it is very well known has produced a
 very great variety of inventions ibr the im
 provement of machinery. We have just
 b' :i .v eit g lii&gt; last hut curious invention it
 i- mi-ml engine designated the “Parallel-;
 *’i V »in*i»le and compactly got up and to,
 alt appearance like a steam chest, the whole 1
 o! the works bang wrought m the inside,!
 ••.ol.img without Icing in motion except the
 k‘«&gt;'.a; or and a shall which proceeds from
 UL the chest, to he connected j
 M.alu\ r "curing it may he employed to i
 A 'l'lAoger would taken to be an iron j
 h so Jut!,, does it resemble the common
 tfiim of the engine. The a ’vant iy* s wliicli
 I’ar.iHojupcd |Ntssesat-s over the ordm.
 construction ot the high pressure steam
 n 'r «‘»re enumerated as these.—Fust lt
 Im purchased at Suit the cost second
 t occupies only one-lift hof the space, and is
 'N tij tu one fourth in weight third, its
 j or! ability, or the case with which it may b«
 *,r.ed about from place to place This
 .on* hide I r.gine lus a sweet motion, and
 n at work is scare* ]y heatd going, having
 or no friction it is le-s liable than
 i"as to get oat of repair, and can, vve ar*
 i•.i’-ii'•*!, be made to any power. It is ad
 ;.hly adapted to agricultural ends, and is
 iHcislly recommended for screw propellers,
 wing mills, pumping water, and hauling
 ;.!s, or for any purjioae w here high pressure
 o-ain .s used. An ongineof this description.
 I ot six horse power, could bo borne about
 k man's hack, and is perhaps as splendid
 piece of ingenuity aa has been achieved
 •ce the days of Walt.— (Hasguvc Satuulait
Mom: Intension.— h w stated that a pro
 0,1 l* ul lo carry the lichans of Yu*
 »U lI.U. fclaw iy, to Cuba, and llx while*
 negoii* my the matter.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, NOVHMIIKR 10. IBM.
Tfc* Preside alia I i ompafga.
 This marked period in the history nf the
 Re public is pawed—the question of the Pre
 sidency, is settled, so far as the votes of the
 people can settle that question, for the coining
 four years. The contest has been conducted
 with great activity, and, considering the is
 sues, with great moderation. It was a deci
 ded improvement, in this respect, on the eam
 patgn of IWO and ’44, and thus far deserves
 commendation. The result of the election is
 yet unknow n. No one looks for anything like
 a victory for the Free Democracy, in the poli
 tical and party sense of that word; snd yet
 a&gt;l may feci that any considerable vote in such
 a cause is victory, fiat whatever be the re
 sult of this canvass, it is plain that the dis
 cussions which have engrossed it, have done
 a large share of incidental good to the cause
 of the perishing slave. The Free Soil move
 ment, for the time being, has been the main
 exponent of the Anti-Slavery sentiment of the
 Noith. It has brought money, talent and
 genius to the help of outraged and bleeding
 humanity, and has pleaded the cause of the
 lacerated bondman through the press and on
 the platform, with an eloquence stirring and
 powerful. Hundreds of thousands have,
 through the means of this party, beard foi
 the first time the wrongs of the slave exposed
 and the duties of the North partially defined,
 W e have attended their conventions, and have
 almost forgotten that these men after all art
 not Abolitionists, and arc not to he relied or
 as the leaders of the Anti-Slavery movement
 ol this land. Their arguments against sla
 very—against the slave power—against the
 extension of slavery, have been so ardent and
 vigorous chat, for the time being, all suspi
 cions that they would falter in the work were
 silenced. The election is now over, and there
 is less reason to apprehend that their enemies
 w ill take undue advantage of our expression*;
 \vc shall now declare our belief that tim
 movement ought not to be regarded as the real
 Anti-Slavery movement of the country, and
 belief, that so far from regarding
 our movement in the light of a political one,
 we should strive by every means in our power
 to keep it mainly a moral movement. Catch
 ing up the smouldering coals from fires kin
 dled long ago in the desolate wilderness ol
 pro-slavery sentiment, by the faithful pioneers,
 those young travellers to the land of freedom
 have had little difficulty in keeping themselves
 warm during the last four months. The path
 which they travelled had been travelled before,
 and many of its rough places had been made
 smooth by the bleeding feet of early pioneers
 in this sacred cause.
 Charles Sumner, of fioston, one of the
 ablest and most eloquent Free Soil men in
 Massachusetts, declared recently at the close
 of a speech in Faueuil Hall, that he would
 not have been permitted to make the same
 speech theie ten years ago,” and said that
 ‘such an act would have subjected him to a
 mob.” lie evidently spoke there on privi
 leges bought by the hard toils of Abolitionists.
 The facts, arguments and principles with
 which they so powerfully assailed the ram
 parts of slavery, have been draw n chiefly from
 repositories prepared to their hands. The
 ground had been deeply ploughed for them,
 and they found it comparatively mellow, re
 quiring little effort to cultivate it. It came
 into operation, not by its own impulse, hut by
 invitation, and a state of preparation which
 made it easy to operate. The track which
 they have pursued, was broken by other hands
 than theirs. Pride and self-glory may con
 ceal it. but lime w ill reveal that to the earnest,
 unwavering and faithful toil of Win. Lloyd
 Garrison, and the American Anti-Slavery
 Society, with its early auxiliaries, we are in
 debted for the present Free Soil movement.
 In the heat of this movement, it ought
 perhaps to Lc expected that those who are
 actively engaged in it will often forget to give
 credit where credit is due. If it be not in
 human nalure so to do, it at least accords
 w ith human experience, We dart around the
 land as on eagle's wings, seldom thinking of
 the hard hand laborer who levelled the hills,
 raised the valley, bridged the river, blasted
 the rocks, and tunneled the mountain. The
 man of soft skin, delicate hands, and whose
 brow has never moistened with the sweat of
 honest toil, rides through the country on
 cushioned seats, with his luggage secured in
 the van car, w hile he whose sinews built the
 road, travels the turnpike with his luggage
 strapped to his back, and at nightfall begs a
 place in the farmer’s stable to rest his weather
 beaten brow. What is true of the primary
 laborer in matter, is apt to be true of the same
 class in any branch of inoials. They 6ow,
 that others may reap. They become poor
 that others may become rich. The lot of la
 borers and reformers generally will be that of
 the Abolitionists. It will be theirs to look
 beyond the praise of men for their reward.—
 W hile they are faithful to principle, they will
 always he too odious in the popular view to
 be regarded as suit able candidates for offices of
 emolument or honor. Nor ought they to re
 pine at this. They have a higher and better
 reward—the assurance that they have not
 lived for tliemsclves that their own ease and
 pleasure have not been consulted that they
 have denied themselves that they hare suf
 fered willingly with the despised negro, there
 by to clot ate and improve Ins condition; will
 return with high blowings in the smiles of
 approving conscience. To Heaven our hopes
 must rise for the reward of disinterested toil
 for the well-being of mankind. A motive
 power less strong and ccruin than this, would
 be insufficMßt to withstand the trying hard
 ship* ol the reformer. The anchor of his
 faith must sink deeper than the unstable and
 ever-shifting sands of exj»edienqy. It must
 rejunse in the Imsom of Gud. There alone he
 will find security from the tempi at ions pre
 sented by the love of ea*-, aud lhe deB j w lo
 stand well with a wicked and perverse gen
 eration. With his anchor here, he is Jved
 from w reck and rum. The storm* may come,
 and the whirlwind* and tempest* may unite
 to destroy, but he stand* as firm as the pillars
 of heaven. They may stake, they m *y
 cleave, but they cannot appal.”
 Regarding the true Anb-Slavery reformer
 in this light, we cannot allow that they are
 fairly represented in a |&gt;oliiical party, acting
 under the American Coosuiutioo, and pledg
 ing itself lo respect tu blood stained ptoti
 blom with respect to supprceaiag slave in-
■arm:lion* and returning fugitive slaves.—
 These bare done some good, we gram, i» con
 fronting the slave power, in some respect*,
 and may do more, fiat we need our ewn
 standard of No t T nieo with Slaveholdeia in
 Church or State,” borne higher aloft than
 ever. We waot more of the early leal of
 our earlier pioneers, to prevent that reaction in
 the public mind so apt to follow in the wake
 of a movement like the Free Soil party.
 Every man who has ever lifted hia hand or
 voice 10 this great moral movement, should
 feel summoned now, in the name of a right
 eous cause, to gird oa hia moral armor afresh,
 with double resolution never to cease hia ef
 fuita until the foul, hagard and damning curse
 of hmao bondage is swept from the list of
 American crimes r.
 November 7, 1848.
11. G. Warner.
 The estimation in which the recent mani
 festation of colorphobia and meanness by the
 Editor of the Rochester Courier, in the case
 of Rosetta Douglass, is held by the British
 press, may be gathered from the following
 notice pf that affair, by the British Banner.
 After giving an account of the transaction,
 the editor says:
 In this interesting incident, we aepapuch
 to excite hope for the descendants or Ham,
 now in cruel bondage. The chief governess
 of the school clearly main tests an excellent
 spirit, and the children, too, are, without an
 exception, true to the nature within them,
 which, unsophisticated, knows nothing of
 color as a condition of human love and social
 intercourse. The parents, also, to a roan,
 are unanimous in favor of the admission ol
 I Rosetta—one man. and only one, appears
 among the whole w ith the heart ot a perse
 cutor. Is this nothing Does such a fact as
 this mark no progress in public feeling? Who
 will deny that this community, composed oi
 various classes—governesses, children, and
 parents—may be viewed as, in a good degree,
 a fair representative of the whole people of the
 Lnitcd States? And, if so, does not *the re
 demption of the three and a quarter millions
 of Colored People, now in chains, draw nigh?
 This revolting and solitary persecutor, to
 whom, we think,too much deference is paid,
 is, in our mind, an object of pity, even more
 than of contempt; for. we conceive, se!f-re
 spect, an approving conscience, and real,
 heart-felt happiness, must be unknown to an
 individual that could shut out from the bless
 ings ot instruction a child so gentle and gifted
 as Rosetta Douglass, on the simple ground of
 color. Such men are a blot on the fair face
 of America! Let us hope, that when the
 present wretched class, to which that perse
 cutor belongs, have been gathered to their
 fathers, they will have no successors, and that
 we shall see an end to them.”
 The Prospect Widening.
 It is not only in the Free States that the
 all-important question of slavery is attracting;
 attention. Kentucky is moving. The Free i
 Soil movement, although it pledges nothing
 in reference to States where slavery already
 exists, (as indeed it can do nothing,) has
 powerfully drawn the minds of the Free in
 habitants of those States to the subject. It is
 impossible that the dark slave system can
 much longer be suffered to exist in this or any
 civilized community. The truth, when once
 it gains a foothold, never recedes, but waxes
 stronger and stronger, until the perfect day. i
 Anti-slavery truth, it cannot be denied, is still
 feeble iu its utterance in the slave States, and
 seems to promise but insignificant results. The
 slave power is referred to in terms as slightly
 as possible condemnatory. Cautiously worded
 rcsoutions are parsed at public meetings as
 if written by men who had just emerged from
 gross darkness, and were not yet sufficiently
 inured to the surrounding light, to distinguish
 with clearness the objects by which they are
 surrounded. But they cannot rest there.
 They must ere long discern the truth more
 clearly; their mental eyesight will become
 more and more distinct; and then the fearful
 sin of slavery will stand before them revea ed
 in all the hideousriess of its naked deformity.
 Then will they hate it with a perfect hatred
 and hating, denounce, and labor for its over
 throw. It is impossible to see slavery as it
 is, inhuman, brutalizing, debasing, a curse to
 men, and accursed of God, and not hate it.
 It is impossible to see it dooming 3,0 JO,OOO of
 our fellow-creatures to the fearful misery
 of hopeless bondage—a bondage from which
 there is no escape but with death—no refuge
 but in the grave, and not denounce it—de
 nounce it in words as strong as the English
 language can afford. It is not possible to use
 words that can express too strongly the utter
 inhumanity and barbarity of the slave system.
 There are some who are fearful of using harsh
 language against slavery and slaveholders.—
 But their fears are groundless. Tne slave
 holder deserves no considerat on. He has
 placed himself beyond the pale of human sym
 pathy, by the enormity of his gu It. He
 must speak trumpet-longued who would reach
 the ear of the slaveholder he must use words
 of burning fire, who would cause the heart
 of the relentless man-stealer to bum within
 him. But theie must be the cloud before the I
 rain—the dawn before the day and every
 new exhibition of Auti-Slavery feeling in the
 Southern States, is welcomed as an omen of
 the coming release for the bundmau—deliver
 auce for the oppressed.
 Ip reference to in Kentucky,
 a correspondent writing to tbu Louisville Ex
 aminer, says
 I have the satisfaction to advise thee,
 that there is no doubt of the passage of an
 enactment, w hich will have in its effect the
 gradual abolition of slavery. It i* to be
 brought forward by Heury Clay, in the Con
 vention that is to meu next waiter to revise
 'be Constitution,and its success is undoubted.”
 Another writer to the Louisville Courier
 observes:
 When it is recollected that slaves are re
 garded as very unsafe proj&gt;erty on the Ohio
 river, aud for one hundred miles back, and
 that four-fifths of tiro voters of Kentucky are
 non-sUveboklers, the presumption may be in
 dulged, by those in favor of gradual emanci
 pation, that a majority of riit; members of the
 Convention will be in favor of riieir peculiar
 notions. The great body of foreigners, who
 support themselves by daily labor, may be
 ruuiiled in opposition to siv. try, and in favor
 of gradual emancipation.”
 At a meeting in North Carolina, the follow
 ing preamble and resolutions were adopted:
 As citizens of a slavebolding Suie.
 dwelling in the midst of the cT the speed ol
 which the present movement proposes to ar
 rest, we Rjieak as those who know the system
 to be injurious aud detrumutal to a republican
 community where ll may exist, by tempting
 iuai.y of its enact* to l.make honorable am.
 useful employments* and engage in* ruinout
 and extra* agant speculation*—bringing free
 labor into disrepute: obstructing the fine
 ana, and finally, impoverishing the soil by
 negligent cultivation— Thereto re be it
 Resolved, That as citizens of the State
of North Carolina, wo hold, tfcatslavery, as
 it oow exists ia the State* of this Usiio®, is
 entirely a creatine of State law*, an
 over w hich, in it* local character, the
 General Government has no control.
 M That tLe time has folly come, whew, re
 gardless of puny same*, we should firmly
 and irrevocably plant ourselves upon the doc
 trines of Treedum, as laid down in the De
 claration of Independence, and the Ordinance
 of 1787, and avow that the leading principle*
 of our creed are fully set forth in the platform
 of the Buffalo Free Sofl Convention.
 That wmmlaim ef the General Govern
 ment, as a right, and inaiat on it aa_a duty,
 to relieve itself of all responsiHJßh for
 the existence, continuance, or exteiWto of
 slavery, wherever that government possesses
 constitutional authority to legislate on the
 subject.
 That in ease the distracting measure of
 division through coercion he forced upon us,
 we wish it distinctly understood, that our full
 influence will be, beyond all compromise, in
 favor of becoming Northern citixens.”
 There is reason to believe that slavery wil]
 soon become the all-absorbing topic in Mis
 souri, and that some plan of abolition will
 speedily take effect in that State.
 In Virginia, the subject of slavery has at
 tracted much attention. The shore counties,
 which have been principally devoted to the
 cultivation of wheat and tobacco, are im
 poveiished. The fertility of the soil is ex
 hausted, and therefore unsuited to slave cul
 ture. Wcstern Virginia is said to be rapidly
 growing in prosperity. The soil of that
 mountainous region has never been, except
 to a limited extent, cursed with slarery.
 This stale of things will doubtless operate
 at a not distant day, to bring about the aboli
 tion of slavery in Virginia. All the Southern
 States are to a greater or less extent shaken
 with the discussion of the question. May
 this discussion continue and increase, rousing
 the apathetic from his lethargy—the man
 stealer from his dream of iniquitous security
 —and God speed the right! j. d.
Il a man wishes to live an easy and com*
 fortable life, and to become rich and popular,
 let him not be a reformer. Look at the men
 who occupy high stations. Are they the re
 formers of the lime? No! Look at the
 wealthy, and those who live at ease, and high
 in the esteem of their fellow-citizens. Are
 they the reformers No! Look all around
 amongst the admired and the mighty.. Are
 they Ihe reformers? No! If you want to
 find the reformers—the real salt of the earth,
 you must look amongst those who are de
 nounced as mad-men and fanatics—who are
 sneered at as having little intelligence and less
 influence; there you will find the reformer la
 boring patiently and unweariedly, asking the
 world for no favors, and stooping to no cor
 ruption. v
 It is but rarely that the reformer sees the
 successful issue of his labors. Truth is ol
 slow growth. It is also, ofttimes mean in its
 origin—issuing mayhap from a cloister, a cel
 lar, or a garret; drawing around it at first the
 poor and the despised but gradually taking
 root deeper and deeper, and sending forth its
 branches wider and wider, till the world rests
 in calm repose under the grateful shade of its
 sheltering foliage.
 Those reformers who in past times,%uc
 ceeded in carrying forward their labors to the
 desired termination, came into the field at a
 time w hen the world was ripe Cor their efforts.
 The sowing time of Truth had long before
 gone by, and those who performed that laboi
 had been removed, and were then almost
 forgotten. It was before the thunders ol
 Luther that the Popedom fell. The people
 learned from him, to despise the anathemas
 of St. Peters, and the excommunication of the
 clergy. He extracted the poison from the
 triple-crowned monster; but we know not how
 many sincere men, in the darkness and soli
 tude of their cloisters, had wrestled vigorous
 ly and prayed earnestly for enlightenment and
 truth. We know not, and can never know
 with w hat crying and tears they labored to
 bring out that truth, which to their minds was
 but darkly and partially revealed. When
 Luther began his denunciations of Popery,
 Europe had become wearied of its religious
 tyrants, and eagerly welcomed one who had
 courage and nerve to lead the van in a strug
 gle to throw off the yoke. It was not Crom
 well that first raised the standard of- opposi
 tion to kingcraft. At many conventicles,
 strong protests had been made against the un
 warrantable interference of the King, with tlx;
 right of prophesying.” Luther and Crom
 well were both great lefurmers—the greatest
 ol their time but they could not have accom
 plished their object, had not the labors of oth
 ers who had gone before them, prepared the
 public mind to second and fall in w ith their
 efforts. Far more numerous have been the
 reformers of that class, who, after epending a
 lite-time in the thankless labor of proclaiming
 the truth in the ears of unwilling listeners, die
 at length, leaving behind, a few to cherish
 their names and spread abroad their thoughts;
 and many to calumniate their characters, and
 heap curses upon their memory. But what
 does that matter The reformer can get
 along wdl enough without either fame or re
 ward. He does not expect these. He does
 not woik for them. He is, indeed, indifferent
 about them.—Where Truth beckons him,
 there he must followr; and in days past has
 ufttimes followed, to infamy and death.
 So it has been, and so we may safely pre
 dicate it will be for years to come. Death way
 uoi now he any part of the reformer’s portion
 but neglect and disgrace assuredly will be.—
 The man who wishes for wealth and populari
 ty must not be a reformer. He must not get
 before, but stay with the multitude, going just
 as far and no farther than public opinion goes
 with him Ifhe does this, he is and
 cannot fail of finding popularity and success.
 Ihe world hates its teachers. It has often
 tried to stop their mouths. It does not like to
 be told of its vices and its errors; much less
 will it reward those who do speak them out
 plainly. Yet the truth must be spoken.—
 Those to whom the commission is given will
 speak it. All the threats of tyrants cannot
 pteveut. No fears of disgrace or ncgls* can
 turu them from their purpose. Speak they
 will, and the world must bear, and though it
 hales, must follow their guidance.
 la;i the reformer, then, take courage. |f
 hn is firmly fixed oo the rock of Truth, what
 should disturb the serenity*? bis soul He
 may not live to see the lesalt of his stlf-de
 ayitig labors; but he msy rest assured that
 whether be enjoys that happiness or not, the
 rasnlt u certain and inevitable. Sooner or
 later I ruth must prevail, and Justice vindi-
cate its ova c*u*e. Up and be doing, then
 Now ia ibe time to labor, and that right ears*
 eatljr. The citadel of Oppreaakm ia well nigh
 •termed—it ia tottering to ite foil. The ram
 parla of ft and and bypoctisy are everywhere
 yielding before the onslaught. Courage faint
 heart 1 lield not to the promptings that
 would persuade you to seek rest and ease—
 Push on a little while longer with boldness
 and rigor; and you may yet hear the ringing
 about sounded in your ears—Victory Victory!
 J. 0.
 After the Presidential Election.
 The President is elected; it matters not a
 great deal whether the alareholder Taylor, or
 the dough-face Casa. In either ease, the re
 sult is sufficiently melancholy—not because of
 the power which is put into the hands of ooe
 whom it ia only too evident ia unfit for ita ex
 ercise; but as the election of either seems to
 east a doubt upon the fitness of the American
 people for aelf-gor eminent. Neither of the
 candidates, it is ever dreamed by his most
 strenuous supporters, is a man of more than
 ordinaiy virtues or ability. In the opinion of
 the opposing party, both of the nominees, if
 what is affirmed concerning them be true, in
 stead of being elected to the office of Chief
 Magistrate, should forthwith be sent to the
 state prison or a lunatic asylum. And yet
 one or the other of these men has been
 elected.
 Tbe contest that bm just ended affords a
 melancholy retrospect. Tergiversation, fraud
 and falsehood, have been the means unscru
 pulously used by the opposing parlies, and a la
 mentable destruction of confidence between
 man and man, cannot fail to have been pro
 duced. It may well be doubted whether the
 advantages gained by frequent popular elec
 tions, conducted in such a spirit, are not more
 than counterbalanced by their attendant evils.
 For the time, everything else is forgotten.—
 All the schemes of benevolent effsrt are set
 aside labors for the improvement and ame
 lioration of the, world cast into the shade;
 and nothing deemed worthy of consideration,
 but the comparatively insignificant ques
 tion, Who is to be President! Well, it is
 ended. Rowdyism may retire from the field
 for a season. It has received attention and
 consideration enough for the last few weeks.
 Wonderfully useful, it has doubtless been to
 both parties. But all that is over for a time.
 It may retire and hide itself till the next elec
 tion. There is one good end which an elec
 tion serves—that is, to show us our fellow
 citizens. We should never know who they
 are, unless such occasions as these brought
 them forth into political existence and day
 light. Once more, O Rowdyism r hide your
 self—skulk out at night, if you will, but don’t
 appear any more in the day time. Thank
 Heaven that men will again have an opportu
 nity of contemplating the great moral ques
 tions of the day, ic light of sober reason
 and calm reflection and by the time the next
 Presidential election rolls around.it is to be
 hoped that they will present a brighter and
 belter aspect.—j. d.
 Pro-Slavery. —There will be found in
 another column a long letter from a South
 erner, purporting to be a reply to the letter to
 Thomas Auld, published some weeks since.
 The writer, of course, shoots wide of the
 mark but the letter serves to show are
 the kind of ideas that perambulate the brain
 ol the slaveholder. The arguments—or ra
 ther the statements advanced (for the letter is
 wonderfully far from containing any argu
 ment,) are simply ridiculous. It would be an
 insult to the common sense of the reader to
 pietend to answer them. The letter affords,
 moreover, an illustration of the gentlemanly
 and. Christian bearing of a Southerner,
 who can condescend, as he says, to lower
 his dignity ”by writing to a negro. There
 "ill be found also, on our first page, an article
 from Bennett’s Herald, on the Address of
 the Cleveland Colored Convention. It is a
 beautiful specimen of the style of reasoning
 resorted to by Northern abettors of the slave
 power. The two articles dovetail together
 admirably. There are the same fiend-like
 malignity and cold-blooded hate towards the
 colored race evidenced in both. Of the two,
 perhaps the Southernet would make the better
 Calvinist. His holy faith in the decrees most
 be truly gratifying to pious souls A better
 state of mind would be a blessing to both o f
 these writers. Their present tortures must
 be little short of unendurable. They have
 our pity.—j. d.
Mr. Garrison.—All the readers of the
 Liberator will share in the satisfaction we
 ourselves feel, when we announce that Mr.
 Garrison will take charge of his paper, him
 self, next week. He returned to town about
 ten days since, much improved in health but
 was forbidden to assume the labor and respon
 sibility of editorship at once. He feels now,
 however, sufficiently restored to return to his
 avocation, —which he will do with the next
 number. We shall, therefore, now take
 leave of our readers, heartily thanking them
 for the kindness with which they have borne
 with the imperfections of our temporary edi
 torship, and congratulating ihem on the
 restoration to them of the editor and friend,
 of whose services they have been so long
 deprived.— Q Liberator.
 Escaf* or Slaves.—The Easton (Md.)
 Star states that on Saturday night twelve
 slaves absconded from that place, and it is
 supposed have made their way throuh Dela
 ware into Pennsylvania.
 A Slave on board. —The ship Persia
 sailed from New Orleans for Huston, ;Wd ult.,
 and when out three or four days from the
 idahre, a slave, b -longing to a gentleman of
 j\ew Orleans, was found on board, having
 been hidden in the forecastle with the aid of
 two of the sailors. Immediately oo ascertatn
 mg the facts, Capt. Batson put back to the
 ualize, and placing the slave on one of the
 tow-boats, with direction* for his delivery to
 bis master, proceeded again on bis voyage.
 A Oono Swimmer.—Yesterday, officer
 licbeau Was informed that a large negro man,
 supposed to be a runaway slave, had been
 seen loitering aboat the island opposite the
 Arse mi t fur leTeral days pant. 1 tie olficer
 went to ibe udand, saw" thTnegro. anda!-
 totnpled to arrest him, bat after a short race
 the negro took the water and swam the Mm
 r** PP 'k R reached the Illinois shore
 ie turned, sod seeing no one in pursuit, ui
 down upon a log and viewed, with apparent
 satisfaction, the barrier he had placed between
 hunseif and lus pursuer.—{.Sr. Lotus Union
 Few tsow how to cac Money. —People
 I°*? f re 1 »o this world for want of
 •oetaJHlitj, and the money which they take
 trouble to earn does them little good.
 th *f eounl we ase u a hurry to get to
 tleT*”** l m ‘F
Tkiagt at they aw.
 r o° r teen with denunciations of
 the English Government, for peasing a bar
 barous sentence upon Smith O’Bnen. The
 sentence was barbarous and tyrannical. No
 free government could be guihy of such aa
 outrage. It is not in England alone, how
 ever, that such barbarities are perpetrated.—
 There is a country, which boasts of its free
 dom, and of thw superiority of its institutions,
 over those of every other countiy. SareJv
 the laws of that country must be models of
 humanity and civilization. Let us see. The
 sentence passed upon Smith O’Brien was
 That “you be taken from whence you came,
 then be drawn in a hurdle to the place of ex
 ecution, be there hanged by the neck until
 dead—that afterwards your head shall be sev
 ered fiom your body, your body be divided
 into four quarters, and be disposed of as her
 majesty may please—and may God have mercy
 on your soul.’*
 Barbarism unparalleled— not to be loler
 lte&lt;Mn the nineteenth century f Bloody old
 EngWnd The cup of your iniquity is full,*’
 &amp;c., dsc., say the newspapers, and it is all
 true. Now see the law enacted by one of the
 States of the land of the free.**
 “Any slave convicted of petty treason,
 murder, or wilful burning of dwelling
 houses, may be sentenced to have bis right hand
 cut off, to be hanged in the usual manner, the
 head severed from the body, the body to be
 divided into four quarters, and the head and
 quarters be set up in the most public places in
 the county where such an act was committed.”
 —Laws of Maryland.
 Now, which is the most barbarous of the
 two—the sentence for treason” in Englan d
 or for “petty treason” in America! If there
 be any difference, the law of Maryland is the
 most atrocious. The sentence passed upon
 O’Brien, is that prescribed by law. It will
 not of course be executed. If it be barbarous
 for Eugland, a nation some of whose laws
 were enacted at least five hundred years ago,
 to have on its statute-book such a law against
 treason, committed by a free citizen—what is
 it for America, none of whose laws are more
 than sixty years old, to have amongst its en
 actments such a barbarous punishment for
 “petty treason” by a slave! May we not
 say of it, Barbarism unparalleled— not to be
 tolerated in the nineteenth century Bloody
 America!” &amp;c., &amp;c. The epithets applied
 to the one, are at least applicable to the other.
 English law condemns the man who is guilty
 if treason to be hanged, drawn, and quar
 fered American law condemns the slave that
 s guilty of petty treason,” to be hanged,
 irawn, quartered, and the quarters set up
 in the most public places in the county.” 1
 have no desire to palliate the crime of Eng
 land—it is past endurance but it may be well
 to remind those who are so liberal in their
 abuse of that countiy, that their chastening
 rod falls with two-fold force upon their owr
 shoulders.—j. d.
 Vegetation in new Zealand.— Plants
 which in Europe are annuals, become peren
 nials, as in the case of barley and beans the
 myrtle and the fuschia are large timber tre,»s;
 cabbages grow close to the sea-shore with
 hearts eighteen inches in diameter; and
 radishes grow as large as mangel-wurzel.
 I 1 em ale Politicians. A club of female
 politicians, entitled the Women’s Demo
 cratic Union,” has be«n established at Berlin,
 for the purpose of discussing political sub
 jects, and especially the condition of the
 labouring classes. Men are allowed to be
 present during the debates, but the privilege
 of speaking is exclusively reserved to wo
 men.
 English Harvest. Ihe London Morning
 Chronicle says of the harvest, that after
 making an average of return, it is ascertained
 the wheat crop will fall off one third below
 the average of ordinary years; in many
 places it will be less than half. The grain
 generally is inferior in quality. The potato
 crop is one half destroyed.
 Indian Corn.—Large importations of In
 dian corn are now taking place from the
 United States of America. A vessel named
 the Native, arrived from. Baltimore, has
 brought 10,352 bushels and another vessel,
 the Mary Pleasants, from the same place
 has brought 12,453 bags, and 11,616 bushels
 in bulk, of Indian corn; in both instances the
 entire cargoes being the produce of the Uni
 ted btates of Amorica .—British Banner.
 Railway Regulations—Her Majesty’s
 determination to return to England overland
 was die cause of several curious occurrences.
 At Glammis, where the train changed rails
 an amusing instance of the universal applica
 tion of railway regulations was afforded
 ihe porter having come out with a lantern,
 the Prince asked him for a light to his cigar!
 but, with the utmost coolness, the reply was*
 “No smoking allowed here, Sir.” Perth
 Courier.
 Lithography in LsDu-TtoTHindostan
 papers announce the discovery in the
 of a bed of lithographic limestone, fifteen or
 twenty miles broad and of great length. The
 Bombay Tunes says that utspeculiarly suited
 to printing purposes. The Hindoos aie
 admirable penmen and ingenious artificers
 By vneans of this stone they may he supplied
 *'ith bonks at a price surpassing in cheapness
 die most popular publications of England oi
 America.
 The Mormon Temple in Runs.—A des
 patch in the St. JUmis Republican, dated
 Nauvoo, Oct. 9, says:—
 Th» magnificent temple was observed to be
 on ore in the cupola, this morning about 4
 o nock. The flames spread rapidly, and the
 building was totally consumed, leaving noth
 ing out the naked and blackened walls. The
 fire supposed to be the work of an incen
 diary.
 The Swobd and the Pen.—That was s
 bcauttiul tribute of Napoleon’s to the su
 premacy ol mind over physical force in the
 long tr»L “Do you know, Foulanes,” he
 said, wbat i admire most in the world It
 is the powerleasnee* of force to found any
 thing. 1 here are only two powers to the
 wo W be a»d the mind, and in (he
 eadthe former is always conquered by the
 Guardian Spirits —The belief dial gaor
 dian •P ,nu wwmd the paths of men
 covers s mighty truth; for every beautiful
 and pure, and good thought which the heart
 bolds, is an angel of mercy, purifying and
 guarding the soul—ifccW.
 Freedom.—None can love freedom heartily
 bo* *‘*od men; the rest love nut freedom, but
 ttccose, which never hath more scope or mure
 indulge** than under tyrants, lienee it
 •witjnwii are not oft offended by. or stand
 much ui fe*r of, bad men, as Wing naturally
 •ervile but in whom virtue and true worth
 moat is eminent, them they fear m earnest, as
 against them lies all
 liieu Pallid and Mikon.
Communications.
Brooklt*, Oct. 29th, 184$.
 Messrs. Editors :—I avail myself of the
 present moment to communicate to you rela
 tive to the Liberation Meeting held in
 Broadway Tabernacle, New York, to raise
 $2,000, which, in addition to the $250 al
 ready contributed in Washington by the
 friends of freedom, is the sum demanded by
 those modern Shylocks, Bruin and llill, to
 ransom tho “pound of flesh nearest the
 hearts'’ of those Christian ladies, the Misses
 Edmonson.
 The facts in the case are these After the
 piratical capture of the packet schooner Pearl,
 by the domestic American slavetradcrs, these
 young hdies, two of the passengers of that
 ill-fated bark, were sold to these pagan usur
 ers by their pirate captors. Wm. L. Chapin,
 a citizen of that Republic which declares
 slavetrading to be piracy, arriving in West
 ern Algeria soon after that painful occur
 rence, and meeting with the disconsolate
 father of these ladies, who would not be com
 forted because his daughters were not, very
 naturally and rationally felt interested rn their
 behalf, and their case soon became a part of
 the history of the times. The friends of
 freedom and haters of iniquity soon set them
 selves at work to effect their release. It is
 true they felt that, as a principle, this modus
 optrandi would 1104 stop the domestic slave
 trade; that the chivalry of Maryland and Vir
 ginia would commence raising stock for the
 Northern as well as for the Southern market,
 and thus increase this horrible traffic but
 who that has ever had a mother, wife, sister
 or daughter, could let an aged father, whose
 lovely and Christian daughters were about to
 be placed upon the bloody altar of slavery,
 and sold to the Southern sensualist, appeal in
 vain As much as I despair of the abolition
 of slavery by such means, yet if the inhabi
 tants of this trading city could resist such ap
 peals, I should despair of there being salt
 enough in this nation to abolish that 01 any
 other evil by any means.
 As in the early stages of the Anti-Slavery
 movement, an appeal was made to those who
 held the keys to the public conscience and
 generosity, but unlike then, the moral and
 political elements were set against domestic a*
 well as foreign piracy; the co-operation of
 Messrs. D. 1). Tyng, Peck, Dowling, wills
 Rev. 11. W. Beecher, and others, was se
 cured, a meeting was called at the notorious
 Tabernacle. Humanity knocked successfully,
 in the shape of notices of that meeting in all
 tho churches of New York and Brooklyn,
 and, as might be expected under such circum
 stances, long before the api&gt;ointed hour, tho
 capacious building w as filled to repletion.
 Ihe Rev. 11. \V Beecher, made a speech
 j wwthy human nature, ami which, in sen-
 I timent and witty sarcasm, reminded me of our
 own incomparable Douglass. He was followed
 by Dr. Dowling, and Capt. Knight, both in
 speeches which in sentiment, would have hon
 ored colored mm. A collection was taken
 ftp, not quite up to the mark. The people
 were unwilling to leave until the money was.
 made up Pledges are given for live, ten,
 twenty, twenty-five, fifty and a hundred dol
 lars; and then such enthusiasm! “I w ill
 be one of twenty to make up the deficiency,
 whatever it is, said a young msn, whose
 name was Harris. The money must be
 raised in this house this night,” shouted a
 dozen voices at once. It seemed to me that
 these young men were bidding in behalf of*
 God humanity, liberty, and virtue, agai nst
 the devil, barbarism, slavery, and licentious
 ness. They seemed to feel that one young
 libertine at the South would pay half the prico
 himself, to possess half such ‘‘properly.” And
 oh, to think of lovely, intelligent, Chrislia*
 women being torn from their parents, their
 church—l like to have said from their God;—
 but his displeasure is alone upon the wilfully
 guilty—and consigned to the Southern sink of
 infamy and pollutiou. Pledge after pledge
 came showering in, until it was announced
 that there was hut $5O short, when some one
 quickly subscribed that. The meeting then
 lingeied, cheering for freedom, Beecher,
 Knight, &amp;c.; and finally closed by singing
 “Old Hundred,” and benediction by D{,
 Beecher, of Boston.
 In speaking of the change in the moral and
 political elements, producing a change in the
 religioua, 1 do not mean to infer that all those
 ministers waited for the current, and then
 embarked upon the waters. Far from it. We
 are glad to acknowledge that some of them
 honorably resisted the popular current of
 error, and contributed towards the change.
 Among these, I will mention that advocate of
 free men, free thought, and free speech,
 11. W. Beecher. I regret to be compelled to
 look upon some as way-passengers only.
 Yours for freedom and Reform,
 J. C. If.
Peace—Free Soil—Taylorism.
 On Friday evening lasi, our noble-6carted
 friend, Henry C. Wright, lectured hero on.
 the great question of Peace, impressed hia
 audience with “words of truth aad sober
 ness. Had some opposition on the part of
 those whose theology u» JH favor of violence
 and throttling, who press the Ilible into the
 service of wickedness and wrong, and who
 call those infidels who wish to use it to build
 op and perpetuate the kingdom of Peace and
 Righteousness. Hut the robes of royalty, the
 •ceptrea of power, and the gilded trappings
 of wealth and fame, wil( finally be torn away
 from the hideous monster of War; when the
 woild shall behold him in }ya true sharacter—
 bloody and revolting; and then men will
 shrink from him, as from the approach of a
 huge and terrible serpept, and wonder that
 any power “on earth abflve.or bell beneath,”
 could have woo for him the admiration and
 worship of mankind.
 eveo *ng, a meeting of a different
 character was held here, by the Hon. Waller
 orward and Muses Hampton, of Pittsburgh,
 noting which, though professing to bo
 aim-slavery and Free Soil, was nevertheless
 called to aid ia the election of Gen. Tsylor,
 that spotless patriot aad Christian, whose
 promotion to the Presidency will aid the promo
 tion of Freedom and Christianity! I felt in
 dignant and disgusted to hear the cant and
 whine about Free Soil and Tsylor, sod the
 fulsome, sickening eulogy of the notorious
 man-stealer and boll-dog warrior—pronoeac
 i»f him the best, the purest, and the ablest
 man ia the aattan, and that his name would
 be written on the monument* of fame, while
 the mmua of hia calumniators would rot hi
"
