"oblivion. This «a* the language of the
 IhnorM Mose* Hampton. Ala*! for th«
 morality of a people, when they can no stulti
 fv themselves as to applaud such sentiment*.
 I*»king to the approbation of man for re
 «ard, »hat encouragement is there for men
 to be pure, and good, and virtnotus, when an
 individual can make mad havoc” of every
 principle of justice and humanity, driving the
 plough-share of destruction over the live* and
 hopes of thousands, and yet win the appella
 tion of pure and good 1 lam astounded at
 such devilish leaching*. They are a wither
 ing and unmitigated curse. They destroy the
 distinction between right and wrong—daiken
 and Confuse the mind, making wreck of Jus
 tice and Right, and fill the world with er
 ror and suffering. Hut these and similar sen
 timents are taught from pres* and pulpit, until
 absolute atheism, of the worst character,
 floods the land, and show* its terrible work on
 the infidel lives of thousands.
 The memory of the wicked shall rot, but
 the righteous shall he held in everlasting re
 membrance.”
 Thine tn the cause of 1" reedom and I*caec,
 Mll&gt;&gt; A.TOWNSEND.
 Ntw Diightuii, Oct. 27, I^B.
Columbia, Pa., Oct. 27, 1849.
 Missus. Kpitors: I closed a finincr
 letter by stating, that American Protestantism
 has changed the divine right of kings to the
 dmne right of complexion. I now claim
 your attention by stating that one of the effects
 produced by the American Revolution, was to
 change the power of national sovereignty
 from an individual birthright to rule, vested in
 the Magna Charta of King John, to a com
 munity right, founded on a complexional ta
 riff, and secured by the Constitution of the
 United States to all tho.se who are born on this
 soil, and congregate from the different por
 tions of the glo!&gt;e, who are distinguished by
 tbe flickering shade of white.” *Su far
 we an; concerned, the cfTect of this arrange
 ment has been to change the ruling power
 from one to many monsters.
 American Republicanism now presents the
 stiangc anomaly of seventeen millions of
 sovereign rulers, to three millions of subjects.
 For seventy-two years this inequality in the
 rights, privileges and condition of a portion of
 the people of this country, has received the
 moral and religious sanction of the people,
 both in church and state, until the primitive!
 doctrine of the natural equality of man hOs
 nearly become obsolete. 1 iie right to enjoy
 lib rty and pursue happiness, that formed the
 basis of physical resistance to the mother
 country, has been excluded from universality
 in our ]&gt;frs &gt;ns t and tbe unnatural and sacrile
 gious robbery has been sustained and de
 fended by the popular religion of the country.
 Tne true history of the Protestant religion
 of this country towards the colored popula
 tion, is a history of wrong and outrage, for
 which, as believers in future rewards and
 punish.ne.its, its professors must answer at
 tbe bir of (i id. They have inscribed on the
 soil of our ignorance an idolatrous love for a
 religion w hich true light and knowledge will
 leach us to loathe and execrate. As transla
 tors and inteipretcrs ol the Old Scriptures,
 they have turned the Hible against us—they
 Jj ive pointed us to th'ir divine authority to
 purchase aud cusjare the heathen; and then
 turning to us, exclaim, that You aie the
 iieatheu.” They have taught our people to
 believe m their God, and their translators and
 rom n iiutors of the scriptures; and thus, by
 their superior wisdom, power and authority,
 have been successful in making us the ignor
 ant dupes of a folly that desecrates our man
 boal, by making us become the obstinate de
 fenders of a system of religion which vindi
 cates our own degradation, and for which wc
 can h?vqt hope to obtain the approbation of
 she wise and good in the present or succeeding
 ages.
 Tiie Protestant sects, who wield and
 guide the popular reJigaou of this country,
 have, through their highest instructors, bish
 ops, clergy, ami laymen, as well as their reli
 gious presses, not only apologized for,
 but defended the rigbtfulness of American
 slavery. So iioportaut a foothold has this
 .doctrine obtained amuug the sects, that Anti-
 Slavery has been denounced as heretical.
 How then can we expect any but a pro-sla
 very religion to be prevalent among tbe col.
 cred people, since their forms, doctrines and
 ceremonies, are but tbe daguerreotype like
 ness of the religion of their oppressors It
 is .true wc have distinct houses lor worship,
 .to suit the prejudices of the public taste hut
 ,we have no distinct religion calculated to vin
 dicate our natural equality with the nations of
 the earth, before Clod and the world. North
 ern prejudice, combined with our own action,
 has so far separated us lroin the w hite church
 es, that but little opportunity is afforded us of
 learning their higher virtues. The religion
 vve have, came almost as directly from the
 sunny South as rain falls from the clouds
 of heaven. It has for the most part been
 heralded forth by men from the South, whose
 habits and education taught them to l&gt;end the
 knee to the* 4 dark spirit of slavery.” Such
 a religion to us is not a blessing, but a curse.
 Its ministers, in the place of spreading truth,
 knowledge and true happiness, are involving
 us in darkness, misery, pain and degradation
 Our religion is but the reflecting shadow oi
 the creative genius of our opjJtessors. I heir
 orthodoxy is ours. When they denounce
 the friends of freedom, so do tec. W e assist
 them m sj reading a sanctimonious influence
 over tbe right of tbe oppressor to multiply
 lithographic s- ars on tbe bodies of ourfellow
 nen.
 This state of things will naturally continue
 until we become religiously divorced ftotn
 tbe doctrines, practices and precepts ol
 tbe predominant religion of the sects. Our
 religious institutions were planted on slave
 cursed soil they are nourished by Us jMiwer,
 and inhale its baleful atmosphere and they
 can never be made to suit the genius and
 spirit of a free people, until they are raised to
 the ground, and others erected—not ul tlieir
 ruins, but created by tbe great universal
 spirit, the common Father of all, who, with
 an eye of impartial justice, regards all man
 kind as one common family, and entitled by
 tbe immutability of His laws to a common
 destiny. W. W.
 Kxtemsiyk Poisoning.—About fifty neg
 roes were poisoned at a wedding party in
 Princeton, Ky., by putting arsenic instead ot
 salaeralus into the wedding calte. Five have
 died, and about twenty-five were supposed
 beyond recovery.
Momwali tf Um CfMtew af Ik® City
 •f Trey.
 At a special meeting of the Grantees of the
 ciit of Troy, held in the M. E. Church,
 Wednesday evening, Not- I, 1848. to ascer
 tain as near as possible, the feeling and dis
 position of the people in reference to occupy
 ing their lands in the approaching spring.
 The meeting was called to order at 8
 o'clock, and the following gentlemen were
 appointed officers for the evening Rev. Mr.
 Wells, President; Patrick Firman,JamesH.
 Davis, and Abraham Stanley,VicePiesidents
 with a number of other gentlemen, and T. J.
 Rice, acting aa Secretary. Mr. Wella being
 called for, came forward and proceeded to
 make some remarks in reference to the sub
 ject that was to be brought before the meet
 ing after which the following named gentle
 men were appointed a committee on resolu
 tions :—T. J. Rice, William Meads, and Lit
 tleton Bcckct. In the absence of the com
 mittee, Mr. Jefferson of Essex County, ad
 dressed the meeting in a very able manner.
 Mr. Jefferson had but lately arrived from Es
 sex, where he located last spring. H« gave
 a verv interesting history of that county, and
 recommends all those that have land there,
 not to part with it under any consideration.
 A letter from Mr. Brown of Springfield, Maas,
 w as read after which the committee bn reso
 utions reported the following
 Whereas, the Grantees of the city of Troy
 see the advantage and the importance of oo
 copying the land given them by Gerrit Smith
 E*j., therefore
 Resolved, That it is the intention of the
 Grantees of the city of Troy, to occupy their
 lands as soon as tiossiWe.
 2. Resolved, That the Grantees of Trov,
 will if necessary, even deprive themselves of
 the necessary comforts of life in order that
 they may reach their lands.
 3. Resolved. That it is the duty of every
 man that holds a deed of that land, to adopt
 every honorable means in order that he may
 get there, for in so doing he w ill be able to
 attain a respectable position in society— a po- j
 sitiwii that he can never aspire to, so long as
 he remains lounging about these crowded
 cities.
 4. Resolved, That the thanks of this meet
 ing is hereby extended to Mr. Drown of
 •Springfield, Mass., the distinguished friend
 and firm supporter of the colored man, in his
 efforts to obtain the rights which are his by
 gift of the Creator of all men.
 5. Resolved, That the proceedings of this
 meeting be published in the North Star and
 Ram’s Horn.
 After some other business the meeting ad
 journed.
 The following is the letter referred to in the
 Ith Resolution:
 To the Grantees of Troy: —l take this op
 portunity of saying to all of ray colored friends 1
 in a few words, that I am an experienced
 .Surveyor, and that 1 have followed that busi
 ness botii in the Northern, Western and
 Southern States, and that I have lately ex
 plored to some extent, those parts of the
 country in which are located the lands donated
 by Gerrit Smith Esq., and that they possess
 many very superior natural advantages. I
 would therefore recommend to all those that
 have received lands, or who may hereafter re
 ceive lands, to hold on to them as their most
 valuable earthly treasure —and sooner suffer
 nakedness and hunger than part with them.—
 I earnestly recommend to all those that have
 pledged their land for debt, to lose no time in
 redeeming them; and I can but hope, that
 colored people will assist and advise one an
 other m a matter of such vast and such gener
 al interest.
 JOHN BROWN.
 I£P Papers friendly to the cause will please
 c py-
 New Lisbon., la, Oct. 14, 1848.
 Messrs. Editors At the Annual Meet
 ing of the donors of the Union Literary In
 stitute, held at Newport, Wayne county, In
 diana, on motion, it was
 Resolved, That a statement, brief and dis
 tinct, be drawn up and transmitted, with a
 request for publication, to the Cincinnati
 Weekly Globe, the Free Territory Sentinel,
 and the North Star.
 In obedience to that resolution, the follow
 ing statement has been prepared, and is now
 sent to you, by the insertion of which in your
 paper, you will, as I believe, suhserve the
 cause of humanity in general, and the inter
 ests of the people of color in particular.
 Your friend,
 EBENEZER TUCKER.
 Union Literary Institute.
 This Institution, designed especially as a
 Manual Labor School for colored youth, is
 located in Randolph county, Indiana, about
 I ninety miles nearly North of (Cincinnati,
 i twenty miles from Richmond, Wayne county,
 and two miles from Spartansburgh, Randolph
 county, Indiana. About two hundred acres
 of land, donated by three individuals, belong
 to the Institution, and a boarding house, suffi
 cient for forty students of each sex, and a
 commodious seminary Luilding, have been
 erected on the premises. The school has
 been in successful operation since June, 1846,
 under the care of Ebenezer Tucker, its pres
 ent principal. It is situated in a colored set
 tlement of nearly three hundred persons, most
 of whom are owners of land. As slated
 above, it is intended especially for colored
 youth of both sexes and the greater number
 of pupils havejbeen such, though persons of
 all complexions are freely admitted, and about
 one-fourth of the whole number were whites.
 Two of the five trusteee, and four of the
 I thirteen managers are colored men.
 Terms of tuition for the winter term of
 four and a half-months, which is to commence
 i October 16lh, are as follows, viz Common
 branches, including arithmetic, grammar, and
 geography, $3,00 per session; philosophy,
 algebra, and physiology, $4,00 per session
 geometry, chemistry, Latin, Greek, &amp;c., SG,
 00 per session.
 Board and washing may be paid for by four
 hours' labor per day of an able-bodied and in
 dusltious student. A great pan of the work
 for males is on the farm, about forty acres
 being already under improvement. Females
 are furnished with labor to a considerable ex
 tent in the boarding establishment.
 1 The Institution was chartered as a Colle
 giate Institute by the Legislature of Indiana,
 at its late session. It U under the control of
 a board of thirteen Managers, of different re
 ligious denominations.
 The Institution has been founded by the
 contributions of the benevolent, and must be
 still sustained by the®. Tlw Board feel them
 selves authorized to appeal strongly to all who
 desire the elevation of the colored race in tbe
 laud of their birth, and call upon all such in
 j interest themselves in our behalf, and to give
the Institution whniniiil aid, by doing which
 the Board belie** enduring benefit will accrue
 to the now depressed colored man, and
 through them and others to the community at
 large.
 Any informa two cheerfully furnished, or
 applications for admission promptly responded
 to, by adresstng (if by mail, post-paid) Kben
 exer Tucker, Randolph county, (Principal
 and Corresponding Secretary of the Board of
 Managers.) or to David Willeuta President of
 the Board, New Garden, Wayne County,
 Indiana.
 Farm, nigh Athens, Georgia.
 Fbcd. Doi glus, —'I hare seen, in one of
 my papers, a letter of yours to your old mas
 ter, to the strain of reasoning of which I
 would reply for him, and send you what is
 calculated, if you be not indurated and pur
 blind, to throw cold water on your audacity
 and presumption, and to give you some bap
 tism of sense. I know I am lowering my
 dignity to write to a negro; but I do that, as
 I wish to hare an eff'Ctual bit at the white
 and black abolitionists of the North;-and
 after giving you this seasonable physic, shall
 leave you alone amid your mephitic glories,
 unless you wish to answer, and would pub
 lish my letter and yours in the paper you
 edit; when I will give you a fair heat, and
 see which would have the mastery of reason.
 I have long been of opinion that the Amer
 ican people ought to dispatch the negroes to
 Africa, and have done with them. I would
 have Yankees also to send off their colored
 free, as the South their slaves. But rather
 than not have this done, I would have a per
 petual slavery—aye, and bring you back in
 subjection to your old master.
 The people of the North, especially that
 portion which ntakes a tool of you, violate
 the constitution of their and our government,
 l&gt;y nojj remanding you, black ninny, to Mr.
 Auld, and by turning that instrument, in a
 variety of ways, to their own convenience.
 They steal our slaves, that Holy Writ, in
 the tenth decalogue said they must not covet;
 and then they complain and vapor, because in
 self-defence, we interdict their bringing col
 ored sailors to our shores. Indeed, their and
 your whole forte is, to harass the South into
 jivil war, and as Garrison and yourself avow,
 to have disunion and all the deadly conse
 quences, just because a portion of these States
 act on the Mosaic and Noachian institutes,
 which are sanctioned of Jehovah on your
 race, as certainly and firmly as your Ethiopic
 skin. Diabolic demons! you would blas
 pheme God and hate men, and denounce the
 Scriptures, before you would allow Noah’s
 curse on your race, and his blessing on ours
 any sanctity.
 Now, calmly, if you can consider this mat
 ter, were we to free every negro in the South,
 what would be the consequence? Behold
 the fruit of West Indian emancipation—the
 whites leaving the islands, the blacks and
 mulattocs robbing, violating and ferocious!
 But you abolitionists don’t care—you say,
 freedom anyhow, maugre consequences, and
 would have liberty given to the negroes,
 though utter ruin, or amalgamation, or even
 downright atheism, or continual wais, be the
 result. This we cannot do. I do not know
 what the South would ultimately do with the
 negroes.
 I want the South, in mcicy to itself, and
 the North, to send all the colored people
 safely to Liberia and other parts of Africa.
 This 1 pray, aud have long, even to agony,
 prayed the Lord God Almighty to cause to
 be done, as a hope alike for the two races,
 and a bounty to the poor negroes for Africa
 is their land and no where else, among other
 races, are the children of Ilam any better than
 servants, nor can be until the actual Millenium.
 What is their hope
 The cause is not as you wrote Mr. Auld,
 of Maryland, one of separate personal identity
 —moral links exist between all beings, and the
 greatest equality is founded on reciprocal obli
 gations. Now, this reciprocity is according
 to the condition and capacities of the several
 races, as of individuals. One man is made
 the superior in bodily and mental faculties of
 another—one race or men better than another
 —each, therefore, sh uld know, and by sub
 mitting to his sphere of duties, all work w'elJ
 for the good of all. The mechanic who is
 fitted by birth, or by faculties, for construc
 tion only, cannot arrogate to be the equal of I
 Councellors in the Cabinet—nor can the negro
 whose form and faculties are inferior to the
 white man, presume to be his equal without
 violating the order of Nature,and calling in
 question, not only certain passages in the two
 Testaments, but the will of the Omnipotent t
 Submission to God's ordination and will is
 the only utility. B/ resisting this, men but
 the more prove the destruction of their tem
 poral and eternal prospects. As a black, your
 place is below the whiteman, as surely as your
 hair, and velvet like coarse skin, and smell
 is inferior to his hair, and skin, and odour.—
 Nor has the negrq a right to attempt to de
 stroy the harmony and beauty of the white
 frame by amalgamation! All your hope is,
 to submit and to bless God, and hope to be a
 new bom to a Heavenly equality in every re
 spect with us. If your feelings revolt from
 this, you would find it hard to get to Paradise
 and are conscious of the rebellious nature of
 your soul against God s Providence.
 You compare your sisters with your mas
 ter’s Amanda.” This is reasoning if they
 were equal, which is not the case. Nor did
 Mr. Auld take your sisters as you suppose.—
 He found them and you by inhentence, and
 the idea of their violation and that of turning
 your GratKlmama out into the woods, evident
 ly without house or shelter, as your Northern
 hearers may suppose, is one of your invented
 fictions calculated to stir up the strife of the
 North and South—by the belief of the former
 in the utter meodacity and cruelty of the lat-
 J ter Now, there is not a slaveholder at the
 South or in Maryland, that drives old negro
 men or women into the woods sbeltesleas.—
 The habit is an African one, wb. re also they
 devour the aged, and idoliie the slimy snake—
 and from which custom for rescuing your
 fathers and bringing the race to the light of
 truth, you never cease maligning our Ameri
 can name. If you colored abolitionists were
 not utterly fools and savagely inclined, you
 would, so far from cursing and making lies on
 j ihe South, endeavor to go yourselves to Libe
 ria. If you were Christians, you would not
 want to remain here to brew dissensions, if
 you could, between white brethren. As
 Emaactpauoaisu you colored fellows are the
 worst, moat malietoas, nnmmctfal and bitter.
Still jim are inferior aad cannot equalize with
 os, except by the apoila of amalgamaium.
 An well mmj the Hog claim to be a nan, as
 the negro a free man and equal arooeg throw
 that God designed to be his roperior. The
 order of Nature can be aa soon reverted to
 any good in the one case as in the other.
 I regard the Sooth bad eooogh, for not
 colonising the slaves away in Africa, and for
 not giving them a better education. Bat
 were they to free them, as the white and black
 or colored abolitionist* wish —and eoeeculive
 ly amalgamate with them —and bring about a
 moral degradation and Spanish Sooth Ameri
 can, sod Mexican depravity—which result
 from the same mixture, I should deplore it as
 the very worst thing that can be done with a
 race that God intended to be separate from us
 and confined to Africa.
 J. J. FLOURNOY".
ROCHESTER
 ANTI-SLAVERY
 BAZAAR,
 To be held in Minn-ra Hall on the 20/A and
 21 st of December, 1848.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 duty we owe to God and our fellow beings,
 the Anti-Slavery women of Rochester feel
 constrained to continue to persevere in their j
 efforts for the oppressed and suffering bond
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in the
 Southern prison house. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 is their labot wrested from them unrenumer
 ated not only do they suffer from intense
 hunger and cold not only are the females,
 our sisters, subjected to th^cruel and pass
 ionate outrages of their tyrannical masters and
 overseers .but there are daily instances of sun
 dering the dearest ties in natute, thus separ
 ating them forever. And cm we expect any
 thing better—can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 ish as slavery? It would be unreasonable,
 because “a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit.” Therefore knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot rendet effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affecionately
 invite the co-operation of the citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask them
 to bear in mind the injunction of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 yoa, do ye even so to them.”. Remember
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, and concludes by the fotcible asser
 tion, Inasmuch as ye have done it to one of
 the least of these, my brethren, ye have done
 it unto me.” We feel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and are careful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter
 mined to live for the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all their time 10 their own per
 sonal ease —all who feel bound to improve the
 precious time alloted to them here, by pro
 moting as much as possible the cause of truth
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever j
 the demon of slavery from our land and in j
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption
 and wickedness, we should bo a light to the
 world.”
 We hope no one will feel 100 poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist in this holy cause. Toe
 Christian's influence, in whatever situation, is
 always salutaiy, and will certainly produce its
 good effects. We ask for the aid of men and
 of woman; —we call on the old and the 1
 young, the farmer, the mechanic, and the j
 merchant. We ask all and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spare,
 either of money or of the fruits of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights,
 and blesings with which they wore endowed j
 by our Creator.
 For this object we propose holding a Fair
 in Dec. 20th and 21st. We ask the females
 in the adjoining towns and country around us,
 to get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti
 cles as will be most saleable, and to come,
 f irnisb tables, give us their company, and
 help us, not only in selling those things thus
 prepared, hut in convincing th 3 public mind
 of the necessity of our perseverance and
 fidelity and thus be helpers in hastening the
 day of emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester.
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. Hallowell, do.
 Mary H. Hallow'ell, do.
 Sarah A. Burtis, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Piiebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, do.
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braithwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, fl°*
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Dott, Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Julia Parker, do.
 Eliza Cooper, Williamson.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClintock, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 5 Mrs. Mackintyre, Darien.
Commercial.
Rochester. Not. 9,1848.
 The weather for several days ha* been cold
 stormy, and disagreeable, and the road* are very
 muildy, consequently very little wheat arrives
 wagow. There lias been a slight decline in price,
 since last week. W heal by the boat load.has sold
 at $1,06£1,07 from wagons it has been two or
 three cents per bushel lower.
 FU sells at 84,87* for Ge »esee.
 lu Produce there is little doing.
 Rochester Wholesale Price* Caneat.
 FLOUR aud MEAL—Duty 20 ft ad val
 Flour, *bW SUOS&gt; 5 50
 Corn meal, |F hush J,'
 PROVISIONS—Duty;
 Butter and Lard, 2tf 30 P c ad val
 Pork, (mess) **?2J2 1 22
 “r-T*
 Lard (tried) fft i
 l*o. (leaf.) a
 Hams, (smoked) _
 Shoulders, do ft
 Turkeys if
 Chickens ®3
 Potatoes, bush.
 GR.kI.N-Duty; 20
 Wlwat, bush m 45
 Com 40
 R&gt;* m ffl
 Oats S
 Bark-y W
 HIDES —Diay;
 Slaughter It
 u—i»rii
 e ad val
 Clover a w
 Timothy 1 w
 PlSH—Duty ow val
 White** Ul
 Codfah cwt
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt. 9 hhl
 A S^ST t
 Hay, rb»i
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood i
JOB PRINTING.
 THE WORTH STAR OFFICE. m fcrai*hrd
 X n itS »nr Jab Tfp*. fijr the rXKVtioA of rrirt
 dvwripriwi td Printing with am J despatch
 tilhr West pnmlorra*li, v n:
 lland-WU, Blank*. RiTLhrad*.
 Program**-*, Cwmlrnn, R,!U of 1 aiding,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Lahrls.Jkc.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick \f*S. writi-* hr himself, to he
 bad at Ibis other, price 90 actio.
Ope* to tk• Po6U, from 9, A.M. to P..V.
 rrE ANTI-SLAVERY OFFICE *jip READ
 ING ROOM, So. 13, Bu&amp;l., suert. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 snmc of the list Anti-Slavery. Toapnairr, Rrle
 ftnas, Political and Literary Papers.
BOOKS, kr., F« it the
 Orrtrr k Rr aniro Roon, No. 23 Rttffhki
 at., Second Story nppnstfr tbc Arcade:
 Narrative of Frederick Dmslass.
 Jonathan Walker.
 Portrait
 Spooner on Uaroratitntiunalitv of Slavery.
 W. Pbilli|w reply to do.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Slavery ittartrated by its effect on Woman.
 Also' a rich variety of Fancy ami useful articles
 made by tbe Ladies’ Anti-Slavery Society.
Mew H atch aid Jewelry Stare.
 JOHN KEDZIE having change 1 bis partnership
 relations, hns rr.aoved his Sh ip two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 surcessfufljp-tn pfHßpete in thf tale of an entire new
 Stock of Good*, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal an I Vertical Watches,
 Gof I Guard ami Fob Chains, Gold Seals an-l Keys,
 Gol I and Silver Pencils, Sjiectadcs and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assort me it, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double ami
 single Hunting gull and plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 be*t quality, Silver ami Shell Combs anJ Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 The above an 1 a variety of other d simble Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; ami it is particularly
 desired tliat the g'Hais should be examined, anil
 prices ascertained, before pnrehasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture an I keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as [Hire as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment, of Accordeoos an-l
 other Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a goo I assortment of thp best
 Brass Eight-day, 3d hone,and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by ail experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, tliat we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the cluing.-s of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt bis business to its
 variations. Please call and examine them, as every
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 13,1843. 6m.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I flail I respectfully inf &gt;rm the citizens of Rochester
 mVsurroitn ling country, that I liave removed my
 olficc from No. 89 Smith’s Area le to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 '1 hankful far past favors in the lino of my profes-
 sion, and Ha tiering myself that I can g*ve perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor ine with their pa
 tronage. I would incite all those who are &lt;le-
 sin mi* ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or j
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by ine on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oet. 13, 18 IS. tf.
 MEW POP FACTORY.
 THE sulrseriber takes this method to inform the
 citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that he h is
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, where he will lie liappv to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable exjierienee in his line of
 business, lie pledges himself to furnish as good ail
 article, and of as g n&gt;d material, as can Ue procured
 at any other similar estahiishinetU iu this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also s.ispplirs, to order,
 every description of Aquniiict Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 Tlie subscrilier will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as m»y require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 QCJ" The above work will lie furnished at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 1 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
I’ash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 (Old Stand of Edward Bardwell.)
 JUST receive I, an I will he ktqit constantly on
 han I, an extensive and complete assurtmc.it o
 Groceries and Provisions.
 A large lot of Groceries just received, houirht in
 New York, at the lowest of die very low prices of
 the present season.
 Sugars, from a g:&gt;od article at 5 cents per lb. to
 the Ic-st cruslied and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Port.* Rico, Constantin and New
 Orleans Molasses, very low for 'he quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, (mdfish, Rice, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, aiul all the articles, too
 numerous to mention, which nuke a full variety to
 supply every want of families or dealers.
 Choice fresh Green and Black Teas.
 Extra Old Java au.l other Coffees.
 Cash paid fur produce and provisions.
 The attention of farmers, citf families and dealers
 i is respectfully solicited. Ttn.se who have long fre
 j (jueuted this well known stand are invited to con
 tinue tlieir patronage, and all in want of goods in
 mv line, are invited to examine ray assortment and
 prices.
 1 sell for Cash only, an l can threCire alfor.l to
 s&lt;di low. A new lot of goods expected from New
 York in a few days. I intend to make arrangi*-
 meots soon to keep a subtly of Free Lab* Gnrentr.
 Customers shall lie assured ot as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and mice of mv goods.
 1 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, July, 1848. 3.n29
New and Second-Hand tlatbin?,
 At 48, Exckinse Street, Hr Liter.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 hi* frien.ls and tlie Public generally, that he lias
 constantly on hand an excellent ae-'ortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, surh as Cants, I'anti
 loous, Vests, kr., with winch he will .apply
 Customers at tite most rea* &gt;tul*lc Price*.
 L. S. desires also to inform tlie Public, that he
 ii&gt; re [mi ring ail 1 renovating, which he war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and iu the
 t,e*t and neatest pissihle manner. If is long expert
 euee in the business warrant* biio in assuring all
 who mav patronise tutu, tltat lit* work shall be done
 b&gt; their entire satistactem.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848.
TUI YkS! TRt.XkS!
 rIE firs* 'fuli&gt;« *»f article i* ti&gt; Is* had at I.AING
 k BO.VNEIX’S new Eetabluluaeuf, No. Sft,
 Stale Street, Rochester. Alsu a general assort
 ment of YalUes, Travelling Bags, be., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices \&lt;r Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed ia the blest style
 and with dirpatrb, by J. T. Lung, at bis old sUui
 in State Street, opposite the Husi«g House.
 J. T. L having had extensive nperi aev ia the
 P isle m markets, hopes to give satis faction to a
 geueroua public who shall CiVur him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rurfwtoer, July 14, 1848. 3m
 and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON aad after* Monday, 23d Get l*rr the three Pass
 enger Trains will I* arra-.g-d as follows—
 EittvitU. —To leave Rochester at 4 a.*., 11
 A.*., and 4| r.u.
 WttTWAtD. —To leave JUbora at 2i A.n 4
 A.*., and tj r.u.
 yin Train leaves Rochester Eastward on Sunday
 at 11 A.n.orat 7i r.u.
 No Train Laves Auburn Westward on Sum lay ,at
 4} t. 1.. nor on Monday at 2} a.».
 Oa ami after the Ist iofrnher, the fare between
 and Aid am. will be $2 30 m first rbsa
 crs. Ticket, will also be auU entitling the holder
 In maul m the Emigrant ears leaving Rochester at
 7 1 j*. m uitorrl prices, to be pubtishai hereaf-
 tickets are from Rodisitr in Syracuse,
 Utica and Afeaay only, going East. This'train is
 haul to run to A lbany w M hurvfnu R whnuer.
 The other two tmau are turned to ran dare in 14
 WM. WILEY, Sapcvinfcmkat.
 Rnrherr- Oct,», IMS-
I
 POST AND V-ILLIS. IV»W* m Dror-. M~V
 Ctw*. Hmvab, fH« Stw*«, P»i*U, V*rut«b.
 &lt;bU, liUvht, krt'hrf, huinor, it»rvrm4i[»
 Sfcirk, Frwi «7vi t’fncu 'VmiraW, Yrti-*«’
 fokv*. IWfe. »»i (.MTMi, lakcriwi lhi, G. I
 Ic»f aad Foil, fce. kc.
 Bcbw A grots f* most of fbe r*&gt;V4*sted Family
 •**d nwi!ilt Patent Mrlvinp,, o»i m-riving thr
 «n»r dirrrtK f—&lt;ni (Hr Mamdartmrm or t*mr A gws,
 the* arr .naiA-l to snr-ply »H order* at wt».W«ale
 and retail, uo tlie i**&gt;st uisi-t.it.l time.
 Hum nwlhic Rooks, Helifinr*, ics-l Fim-lt
 fisrt, with full ilitts-Itom. Onh agent* f&lt;r West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’# Vihnlor; Magnetic Machines,
 with ilins-tii*«.
 Pbosgene Gas; also Etberial Oil ami Limps, for
 larainc the nnr. Those who would e&lt;*«*wit rro
 nnray and convenience are invited to examine these
 lamp.. Tin- attention of C.sjttrv Mcrrha-rts, I’bv
 •trtans, Families, and others, nidling g»*nls ia the
 above bus, is ieqop*tf-l at tbe AI “t VP HEC ARiP-S'
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 KIR AMD SII.K RATS.
 Farrington price. m.n«fiw-tHrcr t»i
 dealer in For an! Silk Hats, ('loth and Fur
 ('ape, l-adics* For* and Trimmings. Buffalo R»l&lt;es
 an.l an assortment of Hat ("ises, Umbrellas, kc.,
 &amp;r. kc.. No. 2. St. Paul r-tr-tl, Minerva Blink.
 A u-u.il supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE suljHCTilers at No. 22 State treet.take l -a
 wrr in aim-iun -ing to the public tk-.t they have
 completed arrangements In which tU*y are enuhl. d
 to offer the most satisfwtory indurrmests to all en
 gaged in Ihe sale or m lnuticture of Riot* ami Shoes,
 to route to tliis market f&gt;r a supjilv.
 They are also offering on tie- tm&gt;s: favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole an I I'pper I either. Kip. f’alf.
 and Monicco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Li«ts, Pegs, kc. Dealer* w ill fm lit
 grwitly to their interest to examine our stock Lx-for
 imrr ha-dug elsewhere.
 jy 19 SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE arc Agents f»r tlie Bu’alo I’ajs-r Mills;
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and suio.ith. A sup
 ply of News an l Book Paper kept roestantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size anil qinlity of Paper not on iiaml, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others w ill do well to call and exam
 ine die quality and price, at No. ti Exrh urge st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy-21 Booksellers and I’ublistiers.
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 CXIIKR TIIK MUSl.BX—Lite KISH 11 K k WOKRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was ill tlie employ of Mr. Alarms
 Morse for seven years, and during that time
 procured for him three Silver Menials, for the lies!
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at tbe Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Pa|H-r ruled; Music and Periodicals Is mud
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to tlie quality of paper used,
 to ren ler them equal to the U-»t in Use L uited States
 or those imported.
 Ladie-’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all tlieir varieties, manufactured to
 order in the liest style.
 Banks, Institutions, Sficieties, kc., may be
 assured of wink being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, inay rely upon their being well lamml
 on the most fivurahlc terms, also carefully ami
 punctually returned.
 N.B. Tim proprietor lias spared iw&gt; expen-e in
 fitting up the establishment, and intrshicing into
 Western New York the latest improvements in
 Book Bin ling.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
Important to Farmers.
 IDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Gras*
 Plow. The Fanning Public are hereby informed
 ha- Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 ic ri her for his recent great improvements in the con
 t tract ion an i manufacture of FieldCui.tivators;
 in improvem-lit so ‘great as to entirely revolutionize
 live whole system of fanning, by reducing tbe expense
 one-half or more. Wherever they have lieen intro- 1
 duced, they have in at the decided approbation of
 farmers, as the f illowing certificates from ilie intel
 ligent an I practical farmers whose names arc
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify tliat we, the Subscribers, have
 seen ami used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 by \ATHtNsftiK, of Shelby, Oilcans (Jo., New i
 York, an I believe it 11 lie, as a labor-saving ina-
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
 team labor; be can also sow it in much better order. t
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 mav be totally extirpated. JSaid machine is so con
 stru-ti.-il that it c.ui lx; regulated to go any depth, liy
 means of screws on tlie upper part of the machine,
 and thus eith'T plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only just brush the stirf.ire. Upon tiie whole, we
 think it decidedly the liest machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating tin; labor of
 tlie Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend if
 to our brother farmers.
 James 11. HeJley, James Ide
 Kill** Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartcs lledley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1818.
 We, "tlie tin lersigucd, [nirrlwsed one of Natiian
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it j
 answer t|ie [sirjiose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We ran wifli this Plow
 prepare with two h uses, eight acres of land |a.-r day
 for wlieat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1343. DKNNIS CHURCH.
 Afu-r these testimonials, the SitlwrriK-r deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long aisl ekilnnate ih s
 cripfioti of the im[d-m.-nt, with its various imsles ol
 operation. To Is- fully appreciated, it must lie seen
 and used. No Sinner who filly understands his
 interest will be without one, ax it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee, i
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y July 1848.
 IDE’S P stent Cultivator is iiiaanf.iettire! I»y
 LEVI WEILS, Buffalo Street, near tie; Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y'., win re former* are invited
 to call au I examine for th -mss.-ivi s.
«ysro\ APIEKTI3EJIEXTB.
 NEW IJOuKS.
 FOR SALE at the Auti-hbvtary Depository, 21,
 Coruililt —namely,
 Tin- Lilicrtv B« II f.r 1848. Af w copies remain.
 Life of Wifliain \V. Brown, 21 Editi-m, with addi
 tional matter and new eugnvia-s. Price, brand,
 37j etc; in paper covers, 2-&gt; cts.
 Air. Shackford’s Appeal iri regard to tlie U ar with
 Mexico, 12J ct*.
 Position and Duties of tlie North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody, i cu.
 Six Months at Graefeaberg. Isv Henry C. W right.
 $l,OO.
 Du k Crowiiing-hiel!, tin- assassin, and lbary
 iaslor, the Jhzldier; tin* lideßise I**l ween
 them. By Jf«-**ry C. Wright. 3 cl*, single; 25
 cts. per dwen.
 CLA RKSO
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 FEW copies of LARK SON'S JHRTORi
 A OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory retnarks on tie- sol as-qoevtt
 abolition of Slavery; a ls-autihit I/niOsi e&lt;U&lt;*o.*,
 with a fine Portrait of tier Author, 1 tone ou *tee', —a
 Isa A wtu b osild nut Is- iinjra.ti f,r lr&gt;&gt; than three
 dollar., can Ist had at 21, CortJi.il, if apgJfmi bt
 iintiiniiateiy at its* very low price of o*l lint LAS,
 cash. Atw'i, Uf LOGiCM ON CL.VRKSO.N,Iiy
 AtttAstitt Cat' a a all, at iLe re need price
 twelve and a half rents.
 MACO.N B. AI.LLN, Attorm-y au*l Counsellor
 at lav, Mn-sliuatU fits k.
 BOVS’ CLOTHINO.
 SAMI EL W USO.N, 10, brattle Stree*. having
 nswie iwirt siiMi-iu to his su&gt; L, u prepared to
 farmsh BOA S* CLOTHING, of as -re material
 ami fit, and at as .heap prices, ns can hr .JiUishl is
 the rit»,
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. si. I’aioa SmetT. Botroa.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps rnsMHtlit «&gt;n Itnivl a
 great va n**y «f Now and Hanai Haml baking.
 Ibrads of all kinds, snrh as old clothe*. W. I. goods,
 \A at, hr*. Bon and Shoes, be., rxdaigeu f r arw
 clothing. Cash a.i*aared na ah kinds of pmb,
 frets mt to «ms bmind dohara.
 ISAAC 11. SNoAA DEN.iksA, Newspnpw.** l
 Fancy Job Printer. I|. tt to S«s**-
 i*l otdnrs prenyl) Utraded to, auuvy
 erwtantA.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 I’HK «nlsrriWt h*« rftmtMl to thmt newt, cowve
 ni«H, amf rretnlhntiiinf-hwte, No. I| Central
 Bert, where hr will te Most ha|ipy toWflroie mm
 of thr Frieieis of Krfra. at r*a«oo»l»lr rfe tree*.
 l!&lt;- w i 4 be— h&lt;« hw In hr thr crntral pfecr n Ho*.
 Ni.ahrtf the frtrail*of Teinparwcr, rrarr.Parity,
 F'enloM. thr I'nmrr, Ar .mmy meet together, sod
 enjnr a osnfrtiiHt ml qwH hie.
 tVnirw! Court ncfo* at 2.W \V»*h»wgloW &lt;ttwt.
 JOHN .M. SPEAR.
 Bushin, Aug. 21. ISIS.
 THOMAS I*. SMITH. N*. Brattle Arert*
 *if '3' thr Golden P.**L New and Second
 *•■l (Ail hiog Store.
 Tic &gt;Usxarhisftts QaarlcrhReview,
 pOMMENC ED „w the tk** nf rw,bev. 1847.
 .n,t &lt;'Z '"liy*! hr ,rt i'**-
 sn. Siqnembrr ft w,M hr «fev,n«l ,he Arrest
 no ty or cb**, lxit it* eowWior* wid ewtea-
 Vor to present an open am! fair field U* thr rr.licts
 r j T 1 n ""r r *f ,rr, ,n "*&lt;«'»n,krrq hv,
 I oh K-* l.mnuMn-. Rehgtow.aad llawnmitv/^ 7
 IheKrifw will le conducted hv R. W. Emrr
 «*e. Hnxaloie Parker, an.l J. Elliot CaU.t, «*,irted
 hy *»-vcial other gentlemen.
 Each iminlier will contain about 125 pagev, at the
 pro-* .a 83 a year, j N advance.
 isiinmunication*, -ulisrrnxrons, kc. should bo
 am.ressed to tin- Publisher*.
 COOLIDGE k YMJ.FY.
 12. Water Street, St&gt;*ton
 noUKIir MORRIS. Jr., At, -rwe&gt; Cmml
 *t‘ior at Lrw Bracer’s Building, State Sm-«t
 Boston.
 JOHN D. REYALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 a-ul Perfiunei-v F.mroiiuin. 114. IIUA.i
MEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
 T I ST PCBLISIIFD, ami for sale at the office of
 fJ ol the Anti Slavery Standard—
 flu- Legion of Lrbeity, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 Ibis work contains abmt 230 page* of close
 nailing; 300 eminent autltoritics, ami almut sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37|ct*. in muslin,
 iiul 23 cents in paper cover*. A veiy lila-ral dix
 fount to-those who pnn-hasc a ntniihcr of copies,
 rim C- on lit ion, Iniineuce, Rights, ami Appeal of
 nun n,troiu various outliers, 12j cents.
 L-tter to tlie People ol tin- I nilisl States, touching
 tlie Matter ol Slavery. Bv TlirsHlnre Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cenls.
 N\ ill. Blown’* Lei tnrc Is hue tlie Female A S.
 S.x-iely .of Salem, Mass. Reported by 11
 ParkhurM, Boston —[gi. 22. Prk« 3 cvwlx.
 11.1.1 AM S. POW FIX, Sailor’* Home, 61,
 V t limy Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, Wr*t Broad
 way.
 r l JINN IN* *B, Surgeon-Dent i«t, 183, North
 A Broadway.
 TOSKPII HOLLY, Ihmt and Shoe Maker,
 cl No. 97, Cranfiery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. R [liiiring neatly executed at tlie *horte*t
 notice and oil tin- most reasonable terms.
 PHILIP A. M HITE, Druggist, corner of Fnmk
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL HOARDING lIOUBF.
 /'II!ARLES IiIGIIGATE, would respectfully in
 v. lorm his friend* and tin- public, that he rnntmue#
 to d&lt; vote every attention to tlmse |&gt;k-axed to favor
 I’is home” w itb a call. Tlie liouse is pleasantly
 locat.-d at 6.22 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
MY RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 V Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 AY T ILL BE READY IN A FEW DAY'S,
 »V Wai.kkr’.* Appkal, with a la-fef sketch of
 bis life by /bury Highland Uarnrt.
 Also, Gakn kt’s Arldrtsa to thf Slam of thf Umi
 tnl Statu. This suit!less wax n-jevted bv tlie Na
 tional Convention at BuffaL in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well t»&gt;
 xend in their orders early.
 JUST PI BUSHED, a Lecture entitled Tint
 Past and Pkksknt Conditio:* ok the Color.
 K D Rack, by //rnry Highland Harnrt.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orilers a Item lei I to.
 April 28, Bm.
General I.ifeMfcfnre OflifT.
 Gl.f). W GOINKS having iqxi*.,! hii Fi.*tul&gt;li»|i
 "lint at tlie PHII.A UKf.PHI A IxSTITUTr,
 Lomftiird Street, above Seventh, for die purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestics fi.r ihowe
 wlm may require them, and obtaining place* for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, l.g, leave
 to refer to the follow ing named gentfenien, who have
 kindly |m-i milted the use of their names as
 KKr&gt;: KKXCKS:
 Andrew M’.Makiu Editor &lt;&gt;f tlie American Courier
 Rols rt-Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publislier of the Inquirer
 liailta J. Peterson, E.litor of Neal's Gazette
 llu.s.Tl. Florence, K !itur of T imes aisl Kevstonn
 Roliert Howell, 88, Cliesimt Street
 Hilliam J. Alulleu, 278, Catlieriue Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, IS4B. ly 3g,
Dfl. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, LoiiiUtr! Street, above
 Seventh. 34;
FREE PRODt’CE STORE.
 NI-.W GOODS ju»t recited. General redurtinis
 in prices.
 Fine 4-1 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 'ambri' s.
 (.'lll tain Calico. Su|s-ri.,r fine Chnitz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Gingimins, vaii.ras qualities aiul
 style*.
 Fu e an l heavy Shirting, Sheetings, ami Pillow
 Muslins.
 Stri|K-d ('auditics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 M isiii, de Lime, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 FhuuM-ls 4-4 gorwl and price low. Canton fiauiH Is,
 white ami Colored.
 Tal,le l)ra|A'r ami Clollis, of different styles.
 Apron am!Fsri.itnre I ta-ck. Crittoii Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton I w illcl Paul;iiiM,n Stull*. Also Lim n
 Drilling, be.
 Lmg ami half llcse, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, variidis Nus., bleached, Isrovtn,and
 culireJ.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton Irafm. Also,
 Ridiued l&gt;»al, &lt;lll.lied, and Pulverized Sazar.
 Brown Sugar, gmsl qmibly of various grade*.
 'Tin wle-U- -tok exclusively Free Lalsir Gozsls,
 V&gt; which tlie Snl x' iibrr would invite tlw atleutnui
 id* cismtry iimt* liants, us wi ll as hi* friruds aiml tha
 pul lie generally.
 Alm-h pains is tak-si I y tin* Managers of tlie Frew
 Prmiuce A**s utisi, to assist tls Sulsu rils-r to en
 pigi: tile a.isotUia-i t tioni line to tiRM-.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry -tls.
 I’ioL lelph.a 21 two. Ist, lHtB. tf
Free Labor Goods.
 MAN* l* I Ill'll by lie America* Free Pro
 dues: A...«ration, ami for nale At No. 31, North
 Fifth—«re»f, Ph.tauVlphia:
 Msis hi-«li r (•cig'.MHu; Checks, Apron ami F'ur
 uiiiae; anton I huarl, nnideuchcd; Msslm,
 ideariiml ami mibW-ache'f, of vairms qtmiitns aod
 i Masliu U.r lining., I&lt;r&gt;,wii am! rnksnl;
 I’.ud Kyi- Towels; Mai k awl while WaddiMg;
 otloa l-q»-; Loop link, lied Ticking, an rx*
 cel tent article; Calico, Stiakmg*. KuiUiug (ygu*,
 4u hr.
 *&gt;r tier* for f i'A.'l, (S letter, ih suing iiifstwlsitt,
 u f b- wUriowl to J. Mdli-r McKim.Sl, North
 F itih-street; Daniel L. Mdlrr, Trutbatnxt; or to
 J-me-s Mott, No. 33, Chunk Alley.
 A Urge ami Lwhaw o-rtusta 0/ PnaU now
 i &lt;ra Itual. j,, |—tf
 Anti-SUvrry Offirr*
 .Vo. 3|, .Xarth Fifth Stmt, Philo*Jp**
 4 FI U. MMhtoit of ant.-tovery ptoJ.csisras
 :s L-pi earstaolly us hamb Alsu rouats
 **ti*iji of iiiisr.'Lmai pjjasisas,
 am) I'iWt B*aii&lt;racer. v .jm,,
 AM letters itkirg »o »*w U
 p, ..octet to J. MMakw, 01. N«nk
 FoUte»tr«*l, lliilwh^diw.
 tiie i,li a w A¥K abolition hit.
 t PIPER &gt;f d*&gt; ff tU I* to
 A ,iin,»g*.ra. 1»J the Drkswafe AoU-4M*v«rv
 l** sr«v. It w.B b* **l*t«*i •'y Cowwittoe, **d •iU
 to. pot jmbe-t am a Irak medew* sheet, at twenty five
 cr&lt;t&gt; tear, or L* twenty-ferae nwmhrrv. ItwiUl*
 .(rv«-te.l to ewnwncifwthHi ia Delaware, and will ad-
 I snrwfcr it* see. ai| litoswsat by all lawful mm. ft
 •»U U puldtelraii semMnuwihly, U awaes are af
 t!, as uftsa as die a* ai» me l« U-taJwrtf.
 JAMESP BROOKE
 I’uFiisbiaf 4pu
"
