"FREDERICK IWCOLAM,
 v K •DF.I.ANY, EDITOW*
VOL 1. NO. 47.
The NORTH RTAR in pobliftlied ever
 I'nriay. at No. 25, Buffalo Slreft,
 Offnmtt tkt Aren't*
 TERMS.
 T« o dollars per annum, ahmyr in N
 •ttba'-ription will t* n*CTtved for a tw&gt;* i**nn tha
 ix month.*.
 \riverti«ement&gt; not *»xr**«*diii&lt;[ ten liik-* ineerte
 thrw tunes (or one dollar; every rubeeqoent inset
 •mu, twenty-five rents.,
 The divert of the North Si v k ill be to atud
 Slavery in all in forme a-id a»j#'*'t»; advocat
 Lmmui. E* AXCir ATlos; exalt tie- standar
 of fvßuc Morality; promote the moral anti in
 (oller-tual impnirriMiit &lt;d" tie- Cof.oß KU I I OTLK
 and leuten the day of FREEDOM to tie- THRKI
 MI!.MOSS of dill Essl. Atrl) I ALLOW ('its
 rumv.
 PI'BLI.SHER’S NOTICES.
 All rommttsirati. relating to the Austasri
 m ifttr* of the paper, names of snbscrilters, remit
 toires, &amp;e., should lie addressed to Joh» Dick
 Puhlisher.
 \jeiits, and ail others sen-ling name*, art
 e-pii&gt;ted to he smiraU*, and gif'* the P n
 he Cmntjv, and the Stair. Ewh Subscriber i* im
 mediately credited for money received.
 {•rjr Any stifling in the payment for low
 s disci il»-rs, to lie forwarded to one address, mat
 have :t fifth ropy for one year.
 W All letter and c irnintinieations must tie pos 1
 paid.
 MS I OF AGENTS.
 Mas* a chi's itts. —R. F. Walcutt, 21, C oruhifl
 Boston; Nat Ikm Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio W
 Foster, Lowed; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 flurries 11. Seth, Springfield David Boggles,
 Northampton; 11. Car|&gt;eiiter, I pton.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vi iimo.m.—Rowland T. Robinson, North rer-
 Co&gt; rr riri’T. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 w 11 V m PSHI r r.—\V&lt;-.«re Tappan, Bradford.
 N.w York .—Sydney If. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Siri.'i; .I nn. Mcfune Smith, 93, West Broadway
 Josepir' Po-t, Westlmry, Queen County; Matv Har
 \lhanv, Elias Dmv, .Mnredon; Willetts Ket-se,
 Peru, Vinton County; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J. Platt, Penn Van; 4. Jeffrey, Geneva; F.. L.
 Platt, B.tlii.
 flu out: l v «r.ANf». —Amaranry Paine, Providence.
 vsvi.v AMA. —J. M. M’Kim, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Pla-e. Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh Win. Whipper,
 f ,|,i i,hia; Isaac Huberts, Jacob Paxoti, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son an I Carnes, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Ilar
 \evslsir"h, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Roltert Banks, Detroit,
 fvni ANA.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
From the Christian Contributor.
 MEETING AT THE TABERNACLE-
 We gave a brief notice last week of
 a meeting held recently in New York,
 for the purpose of redeeming two girls
 from slavery. The season is described
 as of surpassing interest. Let us con
 tract this meeting with the scenes of
 fifteen years ago, and thank God for,
 the progress of truth, and pray and
 labor more zealously and cheerfully
 than ever. Powerful speeches were
 made on the occasion, one of which we
 give, preceded by a few remarks from
 the True Wesleyan.
 It appeared that the father is a man
 of good character, and that the two
 daughters about to be sold are virtuous
 and devoted members of the M. E.
 Church. It also apppared, from corre
 spondence read, that the girls were
 about to lie sold, be\|md all doubt for
 prostitution, and that two thousand two
 hundred and lifty-two dollars is the
 least sum for which they can be re
 deemed. Dr. Peck having concluded
 his history of the case, Rev. H. W.
 Reecher was introduced to the audience
 and spoke as follows:
 I a dies and Gentlemen:
 Although I am not wont to feel
 embarrassed from facing a large as
 sembly, 1 must Ireely contess that I
 have approached this meeting with a
 great deal of shrinking. In my voca
 tion as a preacher of the gospel, I have
 sometimes felt that I could preach best
 from a poor text. There are some
 texts too great for me; they are so
 clear, so great with meaning, and so
 sublime, and so far transcend any ser
 in m I could build upon them, that I
 dare not preach from them. They are
 each a sermon in themselves, so great
 that I dare not place one of my ser
 mons in contract with them. So I feel
 to-night that 1 have got a text that fair
 ly overmasters me. If I had to con
 struct an argument against slavery, I
 could do it fearlessly, and perhaps
 well. If 1 were to delineate its cor
 ruptions and corrupting influences upon
 the community, I could do it and not
 falter. Rut it is a simple matter of fact
 l have to present; we have not come
 here to-night to make a general assault
 upon slavery, though we must allude to
 it. We have not come here to discuss
 the general question of slavery, now
 everywhere to be discussed. (Great
 applause.) Whatever we may believe
 in relation to the general subject of sla
 very. whether A or R should be free, I
 have this confidence of heart, that we
 shall all be of one mind in relation to
 the tact which has called us together
 to-night. It is a plain question of hu
 manity, and will admit of hut one an
 swer. I am aware that there may he
 objections in some ot your minds—ob-'
 jcctions which you may he ashamed to
 uiler, lest _&gt;ou should he thought want
 ing in the common sympathies of hu
 manity. Let me then state them tor
 you, arid endeavor to remove them
 These girls attempted to escape tVom
 bondage. They were on hoard that ill
 fated vessel, the Pearl, on which they!
 with others attempted to escape, h
 was overtaken, and they carried buck
 I know that the idea of crime m
 eiuted in the minds of some, with an
 attempt to escape from slavery. The
 Israelites attempted to escape from
 bondage, and when they were pursued
 by their oppressors, and held in on both!
 fe, d'-s by the mountains, with the Red
 a before them, God hade them go
 forward, and parted the waters before
 them When these poor girls attempt- j
 ed to escape, there was no hand of God,
THE NORTH STAR
to guide them, or to defend them, and
 tbev were taken and returned into the
 bosom of slavery. This attempt on
 their part to escape, instead of being an
 objection, is what wakes up my sympa
 thies for them, and makes roe desire to
 relieve them. Suppose I were told that
 these girls were willing to stay where
 they are—that they preferred to be
 slaves, and were contented and happy
 in their house of bondage, and had no
 desire to leave it, I would not contri
 bute one cent to purchase them. But
 when I am informed of their attempt to
 escape, and see them willing to peril
 their all for liberty, I say they are not
 slaves only in name. (Applause.) I
 fear not to submit the case to you for
 decision, if you will only make it your
 own. I come home to you with the
 question. Venerable old man, young
 man, maiden, suppose that you were a
 slave, I ask if you could by any logic
 frame an argument strong enough to
 satisfy you that you ought not to try to
 escape Would not the love of liberty
 bum in your heart, and would not
 visions of freedom occupy your thoughts
 by day, and fill your dreams at night?
 Would not a ceaseless vigilance attend
 you, ever watchful, ever watching, un
 til the longed for chance to escape
 should present itself, and would you not
 hazard your all on the first chance,
 however slight, and attempt to seize
 the priceless boon? Suppose that 1
 had a son. He adventures the sea, is
 wrecked, enslaved. Suppose that I
 hear from him, that he pines in his
 chains, that he is sick at heart, that his
 choeks become hollow with grief, that
 life is a burden. Oh, then, with my
 father’s feelings shall I not bewail his
 captivity, shall I not suffer even more
 than he? But suppose that some one
 should inform me that he was contended
 and happy, that he grew fat upon it,
 that he said he had less work to do
 there than at home, with plenty to eat
 and drink. What should las a father
 say I should exclaim, He is not my
 son. He was changed in his cradle.
 (Great applause.) If he were my son,
 instead of being contented in his bond
 age, he would resolve to be free or die
 in the attempt. This is not only Ame
 rican, it is human, and when a man has
 fallen below this, he has sunk so low
 that he has no right to me. (Great and
 long-continued applause.)
 There is one other point, and that is
 the price asked for these girls. Alas!
 I could wish it less, for their sakes;
 but when it is achieved, for your sake,
 shall thank God it was so much. I
 should be ashamed if it were written
 lown, that such an assembly was gath
 ;red here of more than two thousand
 »oids, and that an appeal was here
 nade in such behalf to deliver Chris
 ian girls from worse than heathen
 bondage, and that the poor pittance of
 $2,000 could not be raised. The man
 that would fear such a result must be
 craven.
 But there remains still another ob
 jection to be answered. Suppose that
 all this could be done, and that this sum
 were raised and paid over, will there be
 no end to such solicitations? Although
 we may have generous sympathies,
 ought we not to act on some principle j
 Are we of the North to undertake toj
 buy all the slaves that they of the South'
 may choose to put in the market! This
 is in truth a question worth considering,
 and we ought to consider it. I am
 perfectly agreed with you, that we can-j
 not become purchasers of slaves, as a
 general practice. The money is not to
 be had. It does not exist in all the
 coffers of the North for such a purpose; j
 for so long as purchasers are found, i
 men will not be wanting to put up their
 fellow-men to the highest bidder.— j
 Therefore, in respect to the general
 principle, it cannot be asserted nor
 acted on; and if this were not a spe
 cial case, I would not plead it. But I
 do not remember another case in all
 points like this; nor do I suppose it will
 often happen that it will find a parallel.
 A sale by human flesh dealers of Chris
 tian girls! I love to repeat that epithet
 Christian girls The Edmonson
 girls does very well, but Christian
 girls! Christian slaves!! It seemed
 to me as I first uttered these words as
 if I could hear a scoffing, jeering fiend
 of hell echo them with a grin of de
 rision.
 Besides this, there is something else
 to be observed. It helps to give one
 a deeper insight into the system of sla
 very itself. Many a man contemplates!
 it merely as a particular form of work,
 enforced by certain appeals to occa
 sional severity. You think at most of
 the brawny arms bared to the lash.—
 Vou think of so much work and of so,
 much food. This is the mere shell
 the rough bark of slavery—the outer
 wall, on the dingy side of which the sun
 may shine and give it a sort of sombre
 glory. You may say they are happy
 and contented; you may say, as I once
 heard one say, they are happy as my!
 hogs are, still you have only the outside
 of slavery. But that which marks this i
 system in the eye of heaven, and in the
 eye of refined humanity, as the very
 outbirlh of hell, appears when it comes
 to deal with hearts, and souls, and un
 derstandings. It is not the galling of
 the w rist nor the ancle which moves the
 deepest current of human sympathy,
 but that of the soul.
 I will now coine to the case as it pre
 sents itself to us. And now I say that
 1 cannot conceive of anything more
 difficult to render into speech than the
 emotions which it arouses. It seems to
 me sometimes, aa now, there were no
 words to express intense emotion—as if
 all words were spirits which hover
 around one and mock his desire to
 speak. 1 feel thus whenever l would
 express the interior of slavery.
 Fellow-citixens, do you know that all
 that goes to make a man, except his
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
deathless love of liberty, goes to make
 him a better slave. The strength of
 limb, the roundness of muscle, mind,
 tender affection, sympathy, all this is so
 much fat laid upon the limbs of slavery.
 .Here at the North, to be of comely
 presence is considered a blessing; there
 at the South, sew much money is made
 of it in the market. A slave will bring
 all the more for being such a fine-look
 ing man. I droop to think what an
 abominable use is made of such a re
 commendation; if the slave chances to
 be a woman, she will sell much higher
 on the stand because she is handsome.
 That which excites among us the pro
 foundest respect, goes there to aug
 ment her value—not as a wife, not as a
 sister, but for purposes from the bare
 idea of which the virtuous soul revolts.
 In the slave-girl, beauty, refinement, is
 not matter of respect, but profit. And
 suppose you add thrift, skill, intelli
 gence. Here, at the North, we take
 all this as so much added to the man;
 but there, the more there is of thrift, of
 skill, of intelligence, of enterprise, the
 higher their price in the market. And
 then, if in addition to all, he is only
 docile; if he will be a planning ma
 chine, and not a running-away machine,
 he is the very perfection of a slave.—
 There are great advantages in slavery,
 but nimble legs are a great drawback
 upon its profitableness. It is unlike
 other property in this respect. You
 may place a bale of cotton or a box of
 sugar upon the wharf; you will find
 them there the next morning; but
 slaves are not always found where they
 are left. A slave has all these excel
 lent properties and no love of liberty,
 is there nothing else to be desired
 Yes there is. What is it? What else
 can you desire When you bring him
 on the stand, he goes up to $6OO. You
 describe his physical perfection he
 touches $650. He is intelligent, skil
 ful, docile—he goes up to $7OO. Then
 add, he is a pious member of the Me
 thodist Episcopal Church in good and
 regular standing, and $BOO is bid.
 (Tremendous excitement in the audi
 ence.) Can I describe this scene and
 not feel as a man. I like to hear this
 music. It makes me think that I am
 talking to men.
 I will not detain you much longer.
 But to come to that which I spoke of
 and which I promised to return to.
 Though I am among Methodists—no I
 am not—(here the speaker pointed to
 a venerable Methodist brother and ex
 claimed) he is not a Methodist to-night,
 he is a man I know no names of
 Baptist, Methodist or Presbyterian. I
 know men and Christians that is all
 that I know. And now let.us suppose
 that wo apply in this case the rule that
 Christ gave us ‘Do unto others as
 you would that others should do to you.
 There are fathers in this house.—What
 would you wish done were your own
 daughters slaves. I saw this old man,
 the father of these girls. I was not
 ashamed to look at him because he was
 black. His seemed to me just as good
 grief as any other, and it struck me
 that if he was black he seemei, after
 all, to act very naturally for a distressed
 father.
 And now, please to imagine your
 daughters or sisters in bondage. Sup
 pose them so comely that no price less
 than three thousend dollars would pur
 chase them suppose all this, and act
 as you would act then.
 Now but one word more and I
 will close; and that is this: Color
 makes no difference in bereavements.
 The poor when they are bereaved are
 bereaved indeed. We have a thousand
 sources to which we can turn to ward
 ot the keen edge of affliction from the
 most vital parts. But imagine the
 poor man who has but one only child,
 —that loved child that always runs out
 to meet him after the weary day’s toil,
 and greets his return to his humble
 home. Death comes and takes that
 child away, and lays it in the grave—
 It was the breath of his life, the life of
 his heart his very soul. The boor
 have no other heritage but their affec
 tions, and when you invade that very
 sanctuary of feeling the poorer they
 are, the worse for them. What have
 they left. Look at this poor old man.
 His sons are long ago sold as slaves to
 labor on Southern plantations. His
 daughters, unless we can do something
 to detain them, must go too, to a worse
 fate. But I trust in God and 1 trust in
 you that it shall not be heard from New
 York that an appeal like this was not
 made in vain, and that you will make it
 heard that these girls, must not, shall
 not, be slaves—that they shall be free.
 From tiie Emancipator.
 THE WORKING OF EMANCIPATION
 IN JAMAICA.
 The great British emancipation act,
 which, on the first of August, 1838, con
 verted 800,000 West India slaves into
 free men, was a new era in the history
 of human freedom, and its results have
 been watched with intense interest,
 from both sides of the Atlantic. Differ
 ent representations have been made,
 according to the different opportunities,
 which writers on this subject have had
 for forming a correct judgment. No
 where have we seen statements which
 seemed more candid, discriminating and
 intelligent, than in the October number
 of the New Euglander. 'Hie write
 (Rev. C. S. Renshaw, we suppose)
 speaks from extended personal observa
 tion, having resided some time in Ja
 maica, as a missionary. He confines
 his attention to this island, as giving
 the most full and fair view of the work
 ing of emancipation.
 Jamaica, be states, is about 6100
 square miles in extent, or about as Urge
 i as the State of Massachusetts, and has
 I a population of about half a million.—
 I This population is divided into three
 classes, viz: white, brown and black.j
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, I£JB.
The brown men gradually rose if
 wealth and influence, and after a se
 vere struggle, obtained for themselves
 equal rights, eight years before the
 emancipation of the blacks.
 The progress of this class has been
 very rapid. Immediately after theii
 enfranchisement, two of their numbei
 were returned to the local Legislature,
 and others have been added at each
 successive election, until about one*
 third of the whole representation is by
 colored members.”
 The condition of the emancipated
 blacks, their domestic habits, improve
 ments, &amp;c., are matters of special in
 terest, and of these the writer thus
 speaks:
 The whole rural population have
 homes. For the most pirt, they live
 in the same places, and, perhaps, in
 the same huts, in which slavery left
 them. These are very low, small, rude
 tenements of from ten feet square, divi
 ded into two rooms, to fourteen feet by
 twenty-four, divided into three or four.
 The posts of the house are fastened into
 the earth, which is slightly raised and
 beaten hard for a floor; the sides are
 made of bamboo, cut and split to the
 sizeoflaths, which is daubed or plas
 tered with mud, on one side or both,
 and rubbed till smooth and hard; and
 by successive rubbings, and filling up
 the cracks, this process makes a neat
 wall. The roof is thatched with long
 grass, or with the leaves of the cocoa
 nut tree; it is often afoot thick, reach
 ing nearly down to the ground. The
 under surface is smoked to a glossy
 black, to protect it from the vermin
 with which the island abounds.
 Many thousand huts have been built
 since the emancipation, and they are
 uniformly better than the slave huts;
 higher, larger, better ventilated. A
 few are boarded up, more are shingled,
 and manv are floored. All manifest an
 improved taste, style and manner of
 living. About twenty thousand of the
 peasantry have become freeholders.—
 Not only have the people homes—they
 have the means of a comfortable sub
 sistence. Every man and woman and
 half-grown child has a provision ground,
 in which they cultivate yams, cocoas,
 (a root somewhat resembling a beet,
 but of a much finer, firmer texture,)
 plantains, sugar cane, cassada, coffee,
 corn, beans, &amp;c., &amp;.c., which they sell
 or barter for bread, biscuit, butter, su
 gar, cheese, lard, fish, meats, soap,
 candles, &amp;c.”
 Much has been done in a religious
 way, for the elevation of the freed men.
 The number and denominations of mis
 sionaries in Jamaica, is thus stated by
 our author:
 Since the decree of emancipation,
 the missionary bodies of England have
 vied with each other, in their efforts for
 the moral elevation of the freed men.—
 In 1824, there were, perhaps, forty-five
 ministers of religion in Jamaica; some
 of these were State paid hirelings—sev
 enteen were dissenting missionaries.—
 In 1841, there were nearly one hundred’
 ministers, forty-four of whom were dis
 senters. There are now not less than
 two hundred and ten ministers, of whom
 about one hundred are of the establish
 ed churches of England and Scotland,
 thirty are Wesleyans, twenty-six Bap
 tists, sixteen Presbyterians, thirteen
 Independents, fifteen Moravians, five
 Wesleyan New-Connexion,” four
 American Congregationalists. Besides
 these, there are three Jews, five Cath
 olics, twenty-five Native Baptists.”
 There is a large amount of other in
 formation in the article before us, which
 goes entirely to set aside the objections
 which have been urged against the
 working of emancipation, and to show
 the benefits which have resulted to all
 classes, and are still to result in an in
 creasing degree, from the opening of
 prison doors to so many thousands.
 We have room, however, to add only
 the following conclusion to which the
 author is brought by his close observa
 tion and inquiry:
 The question is often asked, ‘What
 will be the influence of the present em
 barrassments upon the future history*of
 Jamaica? Can the island recover
 from them?’
 We may hazard an opinion, that its
 future history will be its most fruitful,
 most peaceful and most happy. The
 estates must pass from the absentees,
 who now hold them for a mere moiety of
 their estimated value under the colonial
 system, when they enjoyed the monopo
 ly of the Euglish market, and come in
 to the possession of thrifty resident pro
 prietors, who will manage them without
 the intervention of attorneys and over
 seers. The enormous governmental
 expenditure and weight of taxation will
 be greatly reduced by the action of the
 rising yeomanry, at the ballot-box or
 hustings. Competition will reduce the
 price of living, and the thrift and econo
 my that have already been induced by
 the spirit of freedom, will rid the island
 of its greatest curse, the recklessness
 and extravagance of slavery.”
 FRANKLIN’S PETITION FOR THE
 ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
 The following memorial of the Penn
 sylvania Society for promoting the
 Abolition of slavery, the relief ol
 free negroes unlawfully held in bond
 age, and the improvement of the condi
 tion of the African race, was presented
 and read.
 The report respectfully sbowetb:
 “That from a regard for the happiness
 of mankind, an Association was formed
 several years since in this State, by a
 number of citizens, of various religious»
 denominations, for the promotion ofthe i
 abolition of shivery, ami for the relief
 of those unlawfully held in bondage.—l
 A just and acute conception of the true,
 principles of liberty, as it spread thro’
 the land, produced accessions to their
 numbers, many friends of their cause,j
and a legislative co-operation with their
 views, which by the blessings of Divine
 Providence have been successfully di
 rected to the relieving from bondage a
 large number of the African race.—
 They have also the satisfaction to ob
 serve, that in consequence of that spirit
 of philanthropy and genuine liberty,
 which is generally dimising its benefi
 cial influence, similar institutions are
 forming at home and abroad.
 That mankind are all formed by
 the same Almighty Being, alike objects
 of his care, and equally designed for
 the enjoyment of happiness, the Chris
 tian religion teaches us to believe, and
 the political creed of Americans fully
 coincides with the positions. Your
 memorialists, particularly t»ng»g«H ia
 attending to the distresses arising from
 slavery, believe il their indispensable
 duty topresent this subject to your no
 tice. They have observed with real
 satisfaction, that important and salutary
 powers are vested in you for promot
 ing the welfare and securing the bless
 ings of liberty to the people of the
 United States,” and as they conceive
 that those blessings ought rightfully to
 be administered, without distinction of
 color, to all descriptions of people, so
 they indulge themselves in the pleasing
 expectation that nothing which can he
 done for the relief of the unhappy ob
 jects of their care, will be either omit
 ted or delayed.
 From a persuasion that equal lib
 erty was originally the portion, and is
 still the birthright of all men; and in
 fluenced by the strong ties of humanity,
 and the principles of their institution,
 your memorialists conceive themselves
 bound to use all justifiable endeavors to
 loosen the bands of slavery, and pro
 mote a genera] enjoyment of the bless
 ings of freedom. Under these impres
 sions, they earnestly entreat your seri
 ous attention to the subject of slavery:
 that you will be pleased to countenance
 the restoration of liberty to these un
 happy men, who alone, in this land of
 freedom, are degraded into perpetual
 bondage, and who, amidst the general
 joy of surrounding freemen, are groan- j
 ing in servile subjection; that you will
 devise means for removing this incon
 sistency from the character of the Ame
 rican people; that you will promote
 mercy and justice towards this distress
 ed race, and that you will step to the
 very verge of the power vested in you
 for discouraging every species of traffic
 in the persons of our fellow-men.
 Benj. Franklin, Pres’t.
 Philadelphia, Feb. 3, 1790.”
 SLAV£&gt;TBADINti IN GEORGIA.
 A correspondent of the Independ
 ent Democrat,” writing from Atalanta,
 Georgia, says:
 When I came to this place from
 Savannah, I stopped at a foggy little
 town, built on the South Carolina side
 of the Savannah river, called Hamburg,
 notorious as a “human market.” The
 State of Georgia prohibits the intro
 duction of slaves into the State for sale;
 and the consequence is, Hamburg was
 built up just opposite Augusta, for the
 purpose of furnishing slaves to the
 planters of Georgia. Augusta is the
 market to which the planters of upper
 and middle Georgia bring*their cotton;
 and if they want to purchase negroes,
 they step over into Hamburg and do j
 so. There are two large houses there,,
 with piazzas in front, to expose the
 “chattels” to the public during the day,
 and yards in the rear of them, where
 they are penned up at night like sheep,
 so close that they can hardly breathe,
 with bull-dogs on the outside as senti-'
 nels. They sometimes have thousands
 here for sale, who in consequence of
 their number suffer most horribly.
 “While at Hamburg, I saw “a
 drove” of these “human cattle,” pass-,
 ing along through the street towards
 the market-houses. They had been
 brought up in the country, and were
 destined for Texas—that Democratic
 addition to the area of freedom.
 They were brought to this place to ship
 on board of the cars for Mobile. It
 was the most sickly sight I ever wit
 nessed, and God kuows I have seen
 things often before that vmre enough to
 soften a heart of adamant. Many of
 them were young—mere boys and girls
 —and had travelled barefoot over the
 sharp, burning sands of South Caro
 lina, until their feet were literally cut
 to pieces, leaving blood at almost every
 step they took. Added to this was the
 lash of their cruel drivers, the gnaw
 ings of hunger, and other hardships
 usually experienced in such a tramp,
 which had made them the most misera
 ble looking objects I ever saw. One
 beautiful young creature, who would in
 the land of freedom pass for a while
 person, was among the number. She
 observed me gazing with attention upon
 her, and undoubtedly thought that 1
 wanted to purchase; and clasping her
 hands and fixing her tearful eyes upon
 me, with a look of the utmost supplica
 tion, she said: Fer the love of God,
 massa, do buy me! I good cook, nurse,
 ironer, washer—cheap at eight hundred
 dollars— do buy me!” I afterwards
 learned that they asked eight hundred
 dollars for her, which was probably on
 account of her being white. I think
 it would have been a deed of charity to 1
 have bought her, even to make a slave
 of— to have redeemed her from the
 haryfa of such monsters as these negro
 traders usually are. 1 never felt the
 misfortune of being poor so keenly as 1
 did at that moment. All of them ap
 peared anxious to be sold, and when a
 purchase was made of one of them, he
 appeared to be pleased at his prospects,
 while the rest seemed to envy him.—&gt;l
 Many of them, whites sad mulattees,!
 are intended for the brothels of New!
 Orleans aad Mobile, where a girl!
 from sixteen to twenty years of igt,
 will bring from one to two thousand
 dollars. m I
VVhen I left Hamburg for this
 place, there were lift/ or sixty of these
 wretched creatures in the same train
 of cars, going on towards the South*
 west, probably to the Lone Star.’*
 They were huddled into an old box
 car, without seats or any accommoda
 tions whatever, and fastened in, so that
 none might escape at the stopping
 places, or throw themselves out of the
 cars and destroy their lives, in a fit of
 desperation Such things occur often,
 when not properly guarded against.—
 Sometimes they will even starve them
 selves to death, to escape the tortures
 of this barbarous system.”
 The Moon. —The moon, when close
 ly examined by powerful telescopes,
 has the aspect of a dislocated and
 shattered world; and that part of the
 terrestial globe, from which Darwen
 supposes it to have been projected,
 abounds more than any part with tre
 mendous volcanoes, and has, even of
 comparatively late years, been subject
 to the action of earthquakes, which
 have raised considerably above any
 level its more extensive line of coast.
 The condition of the moon has been
 completely laid open to us by the tele
 scope of Lord Kosse, which renders
 perfectly visible every object of the
 height of a hundred feet. Edifices,
 therefore, of the size of York Minster,
 (says Dr. Scoresbv,) or even the ruins
 of Whitby Abbey, might be easily
 perceived, if they existed, but there is
 no appearance of that nature. Neither
 is there any indication of water or an
 atmosphere. There is a vast number
 of extinct volcanoes, several miles in
 breadth; through one oi them there is
 a line, in continuance of about one hun
 dred and fifty miles in length, which
 runs in a straight direction, like a rail
 way. The general appearance, how
 ever, is like one vast ruin of nature;
 and many pieces of rock, driven' out of
 the volcanoes, appear to be laid at va
 rious distances. Rocks and masses of
 stone are almost innumerable. From
 these circumstances, and especially
 from the want of an atmosphere, it
 seems impossible that any form of life
 analogous to those on earth could sub
 sist there. But, on the supposition that
 the mo&lt; n has. inhabitants, the earth
 must present to them the appearance of
 an immense moon, but almost immova
 bly fixed in their sky, while the stars
 must seem to pass slowly beside and
 behind it. Our earth to them will ap
 pear clouded with variable spots, and
 belted with equatorial and tropical
 zones, corresponding with trade
 winds; and it may be doubted whether,
 in the perpetual change ot these, the
 outlines of our continents and seas could
 ever be clearly discerned.— Wonders of
 Astronomy.
 Robberv iv London.— During the
 reign of George I, robbery was carried
 on upon a fearful scale in the streets of
 London, even by daylight. House
 breaking was of frequent occurrence
 by night; and every road leading to the
 metropolis was beset by bauds of reck
 less highwaymen, who carried their de
 predations into the very heart of the
 town. Respectable women could not
 venture in the streets alone after night
 fall, even in the city, without risk of
 being grossly outraged. In the begin
 ning of 1720, we learn from the pa
 pers, that ladies of condition, when
 they out in their chairs at
 night to the Court end of the town,
 were often attended by servants with
 loaded blunderbusses, “to shoot at the
 rogues. This alarming increase of
 highwaymen about London struck ev
 ery class of society with terror, for
 none were secure except those who
 could go about strongly guarded. A
 poor rnan was stripped of his pence
 equally with the rich man of his gold.
 In one instance, close to London, after
 having robbed a laborer of I#. 4 d., the I
 highwayman broke his arm with a pis-,
 tol-shot, as a warning of what he might'
 expect if he ventured to go again abroad
 at night with so little money in his
 pocket. On the 23d of January a pro
 clamation came out, offering a reward
 of XlUt), in addition to the previous in
 ducements, for the capture of any
 waytnan within five miles of London,
 the main effect of which was to place
 considerable sums of money in the
 pockets of the notorious Jonathan
 Wild, who secuied several offenders in
 and about the metropolis within the
 space of two or three weeks. Of these,
 it was observed that several, on exam
 ination, proved to be persons moving
 in tbeir class of society as onest and
 respectable men; among them are men
 tioned a tradesman of good repute in
 London, the valet of “a great duke,
 and the keeper of a boxing-school.—
 Wright's England nmUr the House of
 Hanot er.
 Ota Wondrous AT.wosrHEßE. —The
 atmosphere rises above us with its cathe
 dral dome, arching towards heaven, of
 which it is the most familiar synonyme
 symbol. It Hoots around us like that
 grand object which the apostle John saw
 in hia vision—“a sea of glass like unto
 crystal.” So massive is it, that when
 it begins to stir, it bosses great ships
 like playthings, and sweeps cities and
 forests, like snow-flakes, to destruction
 before it. And yet it is so mobile, that
 we have lived y ears in it before we can
 be persuaded that it exists at all, and
 the great bulk of inaukind never real
 ize the truth that they are bathed in an'
 ocean of air. Its weight is so enor
 mous, that iron shivers before it like
 glass; yet a soap bell sails through it
 with impunity, and the tiniest insect
 waves it aside with us wing, it minis
 ters lavishly to ell the senses. We
 touch it not, but it touches us. Its
 warm south-winds bring beck color to
 the pale face of the invalid; its cool
 went winds refresh the fevered brow,
JOHN EflCKfc fviUMit-
WHOLE N 0.—47.
and make the blood mantle in oar
 cheeka; even its north blasts brace into
 new rigor the hardened children of our
 rugged climate. The eje is indebted
 to it for all the magnificence of sun
 rise, the full brightness of mid-day, the
 chastened radiance of the gleaming,
 and the clouds that cradle near the set
 ting sun. But for it the rainbow would
 want its “triumphal arch,’* and the
 w inds would not send its fleecy mes
 sengers on errands round the hearens.
 The cold would not shed its snow feath
 ers on the earth, nor would drops of
 dew gather on the flowers. The kind
 ly rain would never fall, nor hail stonn
 nor fog diversify the face of the sky.
 Our naked globe would turn its tanned
 and unshadowed forehead to the sun,
 and one dreary, monotonous blaze of
 i light and heat would burn up all things.
 Were there no atmosphere, the evening
 sun would in a moment set, and, with
 out warning, plunge the earth in dark
 ness. But the air keeps in her hand a
 sheaf of his rays, and lets them slip but
 slowly through her fingers; so that the
 shadows of evening are gathered by de
 grees, and the flowers have time to
 bow their heads, and each creature
 space to find a place of rest and to nes
 tle to repose. In the morning, the
 garish sun would at one bound burst
 from the-bosom of night, and blaze
 1 above the horizon; but the air waits for
 his coming, and sends at first but one
 little ray to announce his approach, and
 then another, and by and by a handfull,
 and so gently draws aside the curtain
 of night, and slowly lets the light fall
 on the face of the sleeping earth, till
 her eyelids open, and like man, she
 goeth forth again to her labor till the
 evening.— Quarterly Review.
 Dreams. —Dreaming, as the precur
 sor and accompaniment of diseases, de
 serves continued investigation, not be
 cause it is to be considered as a spirit
 ual divination but because the uncon
 scious language often veryclearly shows
 to those who can comprehend its mean
 ing, the state of the patient. Accord
 ing to Albert, lively dreams afe in gen
 eral a sign of the excitement of the ner
 vous action. Soft dreams are a sign of
 slight 'irritation of the brain; often a
 nervous fever, announcing the approach
 ot a favorable crisis. Frightful dreams
 are a sign of determination of blood to
 the head. Dreams about blood and
 red objects are signs of inflammatory
 conditions. Dreams about rain and
 water are often signs of diseased mu
 cous membranes and dropsy. Dreama
 in which the patient sees any part pf
 1 the body especially suffering, indicates
 disease of that part. —Dr Forbes Wins
 low's Journal of Psychological Medi
 j cine.
 Indian Corn in England. The
 European News says Mr. H. Cand
 sdell, a scientific American Agricul
 turist, has arrived here from Wisconsin,
 where he has been making many ex
 periments with numerous varieties of
 Indian Corn, in a climate the mean
 temperature of which, during the sum
 mer months, varies vere little from that
 of England. In the hope of being
 able to raise a crop here, he has brought
 over one hundred varieties, and Prince
 Albert has given permission for the va
 rious experiments to be made on his
 doina.in at Windsor. Mr. Cansdell says,
 admitting the grain should become ac
 climated, it will be possible lor a poor
 man to raise on one rood of land, from
 fifteen to twenty bushels of corn, in
 addition to, and without in any way
 interfering with his ordinary growth of
 potatoes, cabbages or beans, beside
 finding nearly enough fodder to keep
 a cow in winter. Mr. Candsdell also
 says, the usual plan of the farmers in
 America is to plant an under crop of
 saccharine pumpkin, of which twenty
 tons an acre is frequently raised, (in
 adition to the usual crop of maize,) and
 which is considered to contain a larger
 amount of fattening matter than either
 Swedes or mangold worzel. Should
 the issue of the experiments be success*
 tul, it will be of incalculable benefit to
 farmers and the laboring classes in
 England, and particularly in Ireland,
 and will be the greatest agricultural
 achievement since the introduction of
 the potato.”
 Follv of the Sword When the
 born and bred gentleman (to keep to
 coined and current terms) pays down
 his thousand pounds or so, for bis com
 mission, what incites to the purchase?
 It may be the elegant idleness of the
 calling; it may be the bullion and
 glitter of the regimentals; or, devout
 worshipper! it may be an unquench
 able thirst for glory. From the mo
 ment that bis name stars the Gazette,
 what does he become? The bond
 servant of war. Instantly, he ceases
 to be a judge between moral rights and
 mortal injury. It is bis duty not to
 think, but to obey. He has given up,
 surrendered to another, the freedom of
 his soul: he has dethroned the majesty
 of his own will. He must he active in
 wrong, and see not the injustice: shed
 blood for craft and usurpation, calling
 bloodshed valor. He may be made, by
 the iniquity of those who use him, the
 burglar or the brigand; hot glory calls
 him pretty names for his prowess, and
 the wicked weakoess of the world
 shouts and acknowledges then. Aad
 is this the true condition of reasonable
 roan Is it by such means that be best
 vindicates the great ness of his mimtom
 here? Is be, when he moet give* up
 the free motions of his own sou K—is he
 then moet glorious?— Dougl*** Jtrrold.
 The Heast.—Continual prosperity
 hardens the heart, an coetimial mn
 -km* does the earth; hot when thecae
 is soAseed hy the tears of sorrow, and
 the other by genial showers, they yield
 those fruits which the nr r resit isn of
 mao require.
"
