"Communication.
oar owa C&gt;m*p-talent.
 Loxdox, Out. 28., 1848.
 The me-nbsT of the National AaaemSlj
 who avid of hie countrymen, that they pre
 ferred eqtialilT to liberty,*’ wu not far wrong
 A large portion of the Franck people arc po*
 aeaeed («o to apeak) with each a paesion foi
 Dunocracy, a» i* to the aoSer, thinking Eng
 hshmin utterly inexplicable. Thit prmi&lt;i
 conacimmne—of individual liberty which find*
 rent in the adage, that an Englishman'*
 house ia hia caatle,” haa no place in the boaom
 of a Frenchman; so that the latter hare
 but a share in the erection of a government,
 he cat— but little with what exhotbiiant pow
 er* that government is invested he will even
 Buffer it to perpetrate acts of tyranny, which
 another, renting on a different foundation,
 would acarcely hare dared to contemplate. I
 think thpre is but little doubt that the Presi
 ded of the French Republic will be elected
 by universal suffrage. In my mind, there is
 equallv Uule doubt that the choice of the na
 tion will be Prince Lout* Napoleoo—if Pre
 sident, whv not consul* or, indeed, why not
 Emperor’ If the man who bears the name
 *&gt;f the greatest hero the world ever produced,
 ahould' be f »und to possess one tithe of hi#
 ancestor’s abilities, he may vet re-erect ths
 dynasty, and Republican France may again
 glide into an empire, invested with insignia
 far more gorgeous than the now abhorred
 tvmbols of its late monarchy. I believe he
 he tried and found wanting.
 All ermany is involved in such a misera
 ble rmhroghn, that the state of pa ties defies
 comrurehensmo. lenna has once more vom
 ited forth its Kaiser —having barbarously mur
 dered his minister of war. Four armies are
 either in the vicinity of the capital, or in full
 march upon it. The views of the leaders
 appear to be different. Marshal Jellachich,
 the Biu of Austria, is at the h°ad of the
 Sclavonian interest. Prince W indisdigratv
 and Count Amersperg possess the confidence
 of the cons n rvative Germans. Kossuth, the
 Minister, leads his Hungarians, (report savs
 one hnndr“d thousand strong.) all animated
 with implacable hatred to the Ban and his
 fo'lnwers. who again are variously stated atj
 from two thousand to forty thousand. The
 eitv of Vienna is in a state of continued
 alarm Mis ringing toscins sounding—
 drums heating—and Inst, but oh. snrelv not
 least, the mob shouting from morning till
 ni T ht. B'vlin is hourly ennvu’sed with de
 monstrations and counter demonstrations, of
 wVch the Prussian who had lv»en twentv
 fonr hours awav from the Fath°rland would
 haHlv he able to exolam the ob'rcts, so
 eohenv’rnl thev. The last accruin'*
 stated that Munich urns actively, though some
 what indirniffHly. enTO'yed in a h«“r row.
 The hr°w a rshad raised the nrice of themueh
 lovei h’ve-age half a kr’wtg-ra not: and the
 eonsmirmee was. that brewer's house
 and furniture w-&gt;re in serious jeonardr. ft
 mnv he all very well to laugh at this: but T
 qn°ry if thoughts will not show that i
 the Munichans have the laugh on thrir side, j
 Th n v ate fighting, or rather rioting, for n
 tangible ohi»et, (who shall sav thft half a
 krewtger—the 9&gt;x»h part of an Eng’ish pen-j
 nv—not s ’ch’) and I have not heard that
 thev have killed anvhodv as vet.
 You may imagine that the meanly eonsti-
 tnted and hut ha’fdefined or understood power’
 of ihe Central Government is wholly incom
 p-*t»at to deal with the violent disorders of
 da lv occurrence in its various constituent
 States. It has. for some tiode past, lain al
 most torpid. The most recent accounts state
 that Charles Albert is prepared to avail him
 aelf of the complete paralysis into which
 home news has thrown the Austrian army of
 occupation in Italy. They represent that he
 is determined to annul the mediation of Fjanee
 and England, and once more to appeal to the
 sword. As his opponents consist of two na
 tions, intensely hostile the one to the other—
 Austrians and Hungarians— their operations
 are likely to be ill-concocted, and the success
 withheld from him in the last campaign, may
 attend him in this.
 The utter uncertainty of all our foreign
 relations, haa induced considerable distrust in
 the Loidon money market. Stocks have
 been falling for some time past. The Irish
 insurgent leaders have, one by one, been
 found guilty, after a fair trial, by Irish juries
 Upon most of these sentence is deferred.—
 That pronounced upon Smith O'Brien has not
 been executed but no definite commutation
 has been, as yet, promulgated.
 The English Chartists are now undergoing
 their sentences of various terms of imprison
 ment—most of them of some years’ duration.
 At the present moment, the people are very
 quiet, with the exception of about six mur
 ders a w eek in Ireland There are no great
 atgns of discontent, but appearances are
 often deceitful.” One of the curious signs
 of the times has been the appearance of a
 number of French National Guards, who
 were brought over at a low rate by the steam
 era, and conveyed to London gratis by our
 railways, aid are seen daily promenading the
 streets of our city by hundreds. They have
 even, in very French and theatrical fashion,
 in some instances, fraternized with our sol
 diers. The Lrod Mayor, Aldermen, and Cor
 poration of the city of London have been
 invited to partake of a grand ceremonial ban
 qu*t in London. I have not heard that the
 invitation has been accepted.
 S. P. Q. R.
 A Gucat Mvs Fallen.—Hon. H. Lewis.
 U. S, Senator from Al ibirm.died on Wednes
 day at tha National Hotel, New York, of an
 aTection of the kidneys. He was probably
 the large** mm in th» country, weighing some
 460 pomes.
 Coir of English Legislation.—The sals
 maaaiexpir.ai.of ,h, two House* of Par-
 Jnuint are 30.000/. p r anumn-almnat double
 aa mirh a* th i eo*t of the u hole Executive of
 the United 3uue*.
 Patrick Doyle, who waa o .i trial in Ken
 tucky for assisting in the -M e of *!,ve» haa
 been aontenced to the penitentiary toi 20
 •art.
 The approach of the presidential elec
 tions ha# given me to many movement**
 amongst which we notice th 'issuing of a
 manifesto of the Negroes, claiming fur them
 selves the right* of man. This naanif.»io
 has been issued by coloured Convention,
 held at Cleveland, Ohio. If js signed by
 F retie tick Douglas*.—JLendon Haw.

Pram am Liberator.
 PUt JemriSi”
 A gentleman ia Kentucky, to a letter to a
 about the Liberal**, aaya
 1 By the way, we do nut exactly undersum
 what we should do with the negroes, if se
 fr&lt;e offhand. What is it you propose
 There are shoot 7000 Macks in this county
 If set free, upon equal terms with the whites
 there would be about 700 voters added, wbicl
 would be worse for the free States than th&lt;
 t hre?-fifths rule, and to us, the whites, mo*
 calamitous io many particulars, that we wil
 not attempt the etmoierauna. Allowance mu*
 j be made, m all governments, Ibr the preju
 dice* sad habits of tbs people and we be
 lieve, most conscientiously, that an unrestnrt
 ed general em mcipation of the blacks wouk
 terminate in their extirpation. We had in
 tended to state tbe universality of setritudr
 in all ages, and all countries, either voluntary
 or involuntary,—sometimes severe, sometime?
 moderate. We intended to state, there
 are men m this couotry, now of respectable
 standing, who have lemoved from the Fret
 States, so called, to escape from servile em
 ployment* —who have felt the contumely ol
 pride in the North, and rejoice in their eman
 cipation. But we will oot reiterate matters,
 with which we suppose you are well acquaint
 ed. »We are friends of the Union, and the
 Constitution as it is.’
 This extract wears an aspect of honest in
 quiry, and therefore deserves a candid reply,
 which we shall make veTy brief, as many
 words are not needed in so plain a case.
 To the question, What shall be done
 with the negroes 1 we answer, ‘Let the op
 pressed go free, and break every yoke,’—
 every human being possessing inaliwnable
 right to liberty. To object to *un re* rioted
 general emancipation,’ is to deny that man is
 man—to assume that slavery is right and just
 —to obliterate all distinctions between thos
 w ho are created in the image of God and the
 lieasts of the field. To talk of* the probable
 extirpation of the blacks, in consequence ul
 such emancipation, is equally absurd and
 monstrous. What is it we propose Thai
 the slave should be immediately put in pos
 session of himself, his wife, his children, ah
 his stolen rights, and employed as a free
 laborer in Kentucky—is this unretsonable
 As to the consequences, let this inquirer read
 the 58th chapter of Isaiah, and see the cheer
 ing results of such an act explicitly declared.
 The exercise of the elective franchise is to be
 settled on other grounds and other basis.
 A Kentuckian—himself probably a slave
 holder—who denies that the victims of a
 crushing tyranny ought to be liberated now,
 and who thinks that the emancipation and
 extirpation of the slaves must go together,
 very naturally declares that he and his asso
 ciates are friends of the Union, and the Con
 stitution as it is.’ Of course! We are
 not.
 Slave Law.
 The following is a specimen of the inn
 rule to which the slaveholding interest of uui
 country would subject the free tetritnries o'
 New Mexico an! Califor. ii. There is
 not probably a civil despotism on earth th e
 tramples on human rights to the extent which
 slaveholding governments find it necessary t&gt;
 do
 Penalty for any slave or free colored per
 son exercising the functions of a minister o
 h*G»sp’l, thirt;-nine lashes. Penally to
 tea -hing a slave to read, imprisonment one
 year. Every negro or mulatto found in the
 State, not able to show himself entitled l
 t’r.redo.ii, may be sold as a slave.” [Laws o
 Miss.
 For attempting to teach any free colored
 person to spell, read or write, a fine of no.
 less th in two hundred and fifty, nor mor&lt;-
 than five hundred dollars.”—Liws of Ala.
 Any person who see.* more than seven
 slaves wit.unit any white person, on the high
 road, may whip each slave twenty lashes.
 Every colored person is presumed to be a
 slave unless he can prove himself free.”
 [Laws of Gao.
 In ihe trial of slaves, the sheriff chooses
 the court, which must consist of three justices,
 and tw *lve slaveholders to serve as jurors.”
 [Liws of Tenn.
 Any emancipated slave remaining in the
 S ate more than a year, may be sold hy the
 oversa rs of the poor, for the benefit of the
 literary fund. Any slave or free colored
 person found at any school for teaching read
 ing or writing, by day or night, may be
 whipped at discretion, not exceeding twenty
 lashes. Any white person assembling with
 slaves for the purpose of teaching them to
 lead or write, shall be fined not less than ten
 nor more than a hundred dollars.” [Laws ol
 Virginia.
 By the revised code of this State, seventy
 one off nces are punished with death, when
 committed by slaves, and by nothing more
 than imprisonment when committed by the
 whites.
 “Any slave convicted of petty treason,
 murder, or wilful burning of dwelling houses,
 inay be sentenced to have his right hand cut
 off, to be hanged in the usual manner, the
 head severed from the body, the body divided
 into four quarters, and the head and quarters
 set up in the most public place in the county,
 where such act was committed.” [Laws ot
 Maryland.
 Whereas many owners of slaves and
 i others who have the management of them,
 do confine them so closely to hard labor, that
 they have not sufficient time for natural rest,
 be it enacted that no slave shall be compelled
 to labor more than 15 hours in the 24, from
 March 25 to Sept. 22, or 14 for the rest ol
 j the year. Penalty for killing a slave in a
 sudden heat or passion, or by undud correction,
 a fine of 500, and imprisonment not ovei
 six months.” [Laws of S. C.
 Quicker and cheaper.—The fare on tht
 from Albany to Buffalo is reduced
 (lrom Nov. 1) from 12 to 9,75, and the time
 from 25 to 18 hours, —the flat snake head rai
 1 having given place to the solid H rail through
 out the line.
 Naturalization. —The number of peraont
 naturalized in this country since July last, it
 *so.—a smaller number than on anv previous
 presidential year. It is remarked that nearly
 all of th-m were intelligent and induslrioui
 men. —Rochester American.
 ______________
 The Free Masons refused to allow the col
 ored members of thf-ir order to march with
 j them in the Water Procession. The Order
 of United Americans, much to their credit,
 gave them an invitation to join their ranks.—
 Boston Rep.
 An Industrioum Editor.—Wright of the
 C'hronutyne, in a dissertation on the Tariff,
 thus bears testimony to his love of work in
 general We are the friend of industry.—
 We work in our w ay,—write editorials—•pin
 wood—go to market tend babies—wash
 pots, kettles and clothes— bake apples, meat,
 bread and doughface orators and editors, gen*
 erally.”
 Virdict against a Railroao Co a
 cause was iried. Buffalo on Wednesday
 bet ween Mary Walker, wife of Hiram Walk
 er, deceased, against the Buffalo and Niagara
 Fall* Railroad Company. On the lBthe Dee.,
 1847, the husband was killed by the upeeu
 ing of the cars upon that road, at the curve in
 the road st Black Rock Dam, and the suit
 was brought for damage*. The jury returned
 a verdict for 83,500.
 Ax Irw* SpottestAjt.—“ Pat yn U fool,
 what makes you Steal after that rabbi, when
 your trim baa no kick on it
 Hush! hueb! n»J darlint, the rabbit don’t
 j know that."
 I Fbxali Operative* A number of r*a
 psctahl* young women, ia Naw York, whe
 are tajlorpsese, hate taken a shop ia liberty
 treat, sad have **t up for themeelvae.
South Caaotma Dcwocaacr.—Serin
 menta expressed *t a great meeting Seot.9,
 1918. —Upon u&gt;« adoption of the Wilmot Pro
 viso” and the reject toa iff the "Mmxmn Com
 promise,” by oogteaa, we have but little in
 my, for the proper forum for its debate is the
 held of battle, where our muskets can be our
 orators, powder and ball bn our argument.
 Lathe Abolitionist* wbettbetr knives and
 fight their torches wbea tbe time denes for
 action we will meet them face to face, eye tn
 eve, hand to hand. From their army of free
 negrxtea and runaway slaves, commanded by
 switchold-blooded Yaokees, we would ask o«&lt;
 quarter all they can expect from us ia a boe
 m the cotton field.
 Rfwoived unanimously. That we, the people
 of St. Peter’* Pariah, without distinction ur
 parties, arc opposed to the Bouth*s yielding a
 single toch of that Territory, to which we ate
 Conaiituiioualiy entitled, lor tbe sake of tbe
 Unton; and that we recommend to our Soutlt
 em brethren tbe is! o' a S texi Coova it.on
 aftd the adoption ol “starii Ul g measures.” it
 they be necessary, for the protection of oor
 honor, liberty, lives and property.
 Resolved, That we will use our best efforts
 to promote the election of Geo. Can for Pres
 ident. and Win. O. Butler for vice Prestdeul
 of thin confederacy.
 Last Words of a Patriot!—“ iTiat m
 three score years from the day of the Duels ra
 tion of Independence, its self-evident truth*
 should yet be struggling into existence against
 tbe degeneracy of an age pampered with pros
 perity, and languishing into servitude, is a
 neloncholy trutti, from which I should in
 vain attempt to shut tny eyes. But the suiu
 &lt;nons ha* gooe forth. The youthful champi
 ons of the rights of human nature have
 ouckied and are buckling on their armor, aud
 ihe scourging overseer, and tbe Lynching
 lawyer, and the servile sophist, and me faith
 less scribe, and the priestly parasite will van
 ish before them, like satan, touched by the
 spear of I buriel. 1 live in the faith anu
 hope of the progressive advancement of Chris
 tian liberty, and expect t» abide by the same
 m death.” —John Quinsy Adams
 A Martial Samuel Johnson. —We
 translate the following anecdote from La De
 mocratic Paafique. The axiom rings like one
 of Dr. Johnson, without his Tory tone
 “In September. 1841, three travellers in
 the diligence from Paris to Lyons, entered
 into conversation concerning M. de Laraen
 nais, then about to for ihe obnoxious
 (to Louis Philippe) pirolication of bis Liar* j
 du Ptuple. Will he be convicted Will he&gt;
 &gt;e convicted asked two of ihe travellers.—
 The third, who wore a colonel’s uniform, re- i
 plied He will assuredly be convicted. The j
 mighty of the earth are the same in all ages.!
 In former times they sent Jesus Christ ti&gt;|
 prison.” His fellow-travellers appearing dis
 posed to question the colonels dictum, lie’
 resumed with quickness, Yes, there we see
 ihe foolishness of the mighiy of the earth.—
 Power is a great church bell, which deafen*
 its ringer; he hears nothing but it.”—i
 The c donel was Cavaiguac. Jerrold's
 Newspaper.
 Miss Dix, the indefat gable philanthropist'
 —the American Howard—is still engaged in
 .ier efforts to ameliorate the condition of the
 jnforlunate classes for whom her sympathies j
 iave bean so actively enlisted for a number of j
 rears past. Her petition to Congress for a
 .•runt of land to be appropriated for the aindi
 iration of the condition of the ins me, contain'!
 voine curious siau&amp;tics. It shuws that jg the
 New England states, the insine bear apro-i
 portion to the whole population of about 1 to!
 690; in the Middle States. 1 to 900 and in
 ihe Western rfuie3, Ito 1300. Toe greatest
 •umber of ms.ine, compared with the whole
 population is in R lode island, where the ratio!
 s 1 to 503, and the least number m South
 Carolina, where the ratio is 1 in 6,158.
 Christian World.

 Resignation or the Mayor ol Mobile
 Mr. J. W. Childers, tbe Mayor of Mobile, has
 resigned his offi.e. In his letter to the Cnun-,
 cil he si vs:
 “The melancholy fact, that I am ths victim I
 of a disease utterly incurable is impressed upon
 uy mind each succeeding hour of iny life, j
 No pen can describe my physical sufferings,
 nor any generous friend estimate my mental
 injuish. Feeling myself to be incapacitated
 to discharge the onerous duties of the office of,
 M iyor, by reason of my affiiciion, 1 reapect
 ully tender you my resignation.”— Jour, oj
 Com
 His incurable disease was drunkenness.
 Beware!
 LLr The verdict of a coroner’s inquest on i
 the body of John Evans, an inveterate smoker
 and chewer of tobacco, who died lately in
 England, was: “died by the visitation pf&gt;
 God, accelerated by the excessive use of:
 tobacco.”
 j
 Another Indian Newspaper.—The pros
 pectus of the Choctaw Telegraph, a weekly
 paper to be published at Doaksville, Choctaw,
 Nation, has made its appearance.
 Statistics of Ignorance—The number
 in Ohio who cannot read and write is stated
 by Ex-Governor Slade to he one in 17 and
 in Illinois and Indiana one in 7.
 EJ* A woman by the name of Wright, 1
 living in this village, says the Hallowell Cul- i
 tivator, in a vomiting spasm threw from her
 stomach a live snake measuring seven inches
 in length, which is supposed to have been
 swallowed some months since in drinking
 water from a spring.
 ITT 3 The physicians at Constantinople
 recommended the use of figs, with great sue
 cess, as a preventive of cholera. This fruit
 is said to exercise a healing influence
 the stomach and bowels, and is highly use
 ful in diseases which manifest themselves in
 h derangement or the digestive functions, and
 commonly precede an attack of the cholera.
 P 7 The Government of the United States,
 it i* said, will have to borrow $30,000,000 to
 meet its demands, growing out of the late
 abominable Mexican u ar.
 Lighting by Electricity. —ln the course
 of theupetung lecture at the Western Literary i
 Institution. Leicester square .some experiments
 were exhibited of a uew mode of lighting bv
 means of electricity, which, as tar as we could
 judge from appe trances, »ere entirely success
 ful Tbe in*rntors of the new method are
 Messrs. Haile and Pctne, and their mode ol
 operation is tn cause the electric current to
 pas* through two pieces of charcoal in such
 a manner aa to exclude any portion of the
 alm&lt;«pheric air. The light produced is in
 tense and beautiful, pindceing the effect of
 daylight l«» a much greater extent than the
 lime light, and having this advantage, that
 it ia sustained and onntmuoua, while the’
 former lasts but a few momenta The inven- J
 tora expect to apply it generally to shop and;
 street illuminaiiua. and stale that while the'
 plant” will oust no more than gas, tbe at--
 pens* of illuminattoo will he oiJy one-twelfth
 of the price.—Drily Meter.
 Coclon't Get I*.—' The late Pope Gre
 gory X FI. was rather food of the bmiie;
 and aftet hi* decease, when ha made hia ap
 pearance at Saint Peter's gate, the following
 eoUuqny took pl«ee: Saint Peter, with his
 ear agwrat the 6om, asks Who’* then V
 It ia I, the late Pope Gregory.” Wefl,j
 onme in, yoe have the key.” j kno W it.i
 bet it don’t fit; I have been fumbling here
 for an hoar #c raore at tbe key-h de.” Saint j
 Peter apeeieg the door front tho inside, say*
 Let on *oo yoor key. PMmw you have
 made greed mttako: this t* tho key of
CitiF Pootao*. —To thooe who thmk ol
 i tho inireeooo moral bearing ad cheap postage,
 the following example tw America r ill ho in
 teraming and eoeouragtng:
 Since the tou«daeium of the British pen
 i ay postage in 1846. the number of letters
 i passing monthly through the General P«wt
 office. London, haa i net eased from 1,109.981
 1 to 8,596.429. and the weukhr average bn ibr
 whole kingdom has increased Grom 1,115,9n3
 106,339 r 941.”
 Toronto, Nov. 7, 1848.
 We, the undersigaed, authorise the Rev
 Washington Chraua# to act aa riie dßy
 agent of the British American Anti Slavery
 Society.
 B. RANKINS, Chairman,
 fA. Judah, H. Richards,
 j C. Davis, Jas. Johnson,
 J. Hastes, Wm. Thompson,
 Wm. Harney, Geo. Brown,
 Chas. Freeman, See’y.
ROCHESTER
 anti-slavery
 BAZAAR,
 To be held December 20 th and 21W, 1848.
 Under a deep and abiding impression of the
 duty we owe to G.hl and our fellow beings,
 the Anti-Slavery women of Rochester feel
 constrained to continue to persevere in their
 efforts for the oppressed and suffering bond
 men who still remain toiling unrequited in the
 Southern prison house. We are frequently
 brought painfully to remember that not only
 is their laboi wrested from them unrenumer
 ated not only do they suffer from intense
 hunger and cold not only are the females,
 our sisters, subjected to the cruel and pass
 ionate outrages of their tyrann eal masters and
 overseers but there are daily instances of sun
 dering the dearest ties in natute, thus separ
 ating them forever. And can we expect any
 thing better —can we look for benevolence or
 fine feelings from a system so foul and fiend
 ish as slavery 7 It would be unreasonable,
 because “a corrupt tree cannot bring forth
 good fruit.” Therefore knowing that with
 out associative action we cannot rendei effi
 cient aid to this holy cause, we affocionattly
 invite the c.&gt;-operaiioD of the citizens of Roch
 ester and the public generally. We ask them
 to bear in mind the injunction of Jesus, “All
 things whatsoever ye would men should do to
 you, do ye even so to them.” Remember
 also, the beautiful parable in which he calls
 our attention to the sick and to those who are
 in prison, and concludes by the fotcible assar-,
 tion,“ Inasmuch as ye have done tt to one of!
 the least of these, my brethren, ye have done
 it unto me.” We feel assured all that have
 hearts to feel, and are caieful to attend to the
 monitions of conscience—all who are deter-,
 mined to live for the good of our race, instead
 of devoting all th-ir rims io their own par-1
 s &gt;nal ease —all who foel hound to improve the l
 precious time alloted to them here, by pro
 moling as much as possible the cause of tr.dli j
 and righteousness in the earth, will come for
 ward in the work of laboring to banish forever
 the demon of slavery from our laud; and in
 so doing, instead of an example of corruption j
 and wickedness, we should ba a light to the
 worl i.”
 We tnpe no one will feel too poor, nor any
 too rich, to enlist ia tnis holv cause. Tie
 Christian’s influenca, in whatever situation, is
 alwavs salutaty, and will certainly produce its
 g »oJ eJicis. We ask for the aid of m-n and
 of worn in; —we call on the old and the;
 younz, the firmer, the mechanic, and th.-*!
 mjrchi.it. We ask ail and every one to give
 us their help to devote what they can spire,
 either of money or of ihe fruit* of their la
 bor, to the work of restoring men and women
 to themselves, to their manhood, to the rights
 and blesings with waich they were endowed
 by our Creator.
 For this object we propose holding a Fair*
 in Dec. 20th and 21*t. We ask the females!
 m the adjoining towns and country around us,
 to get up sewing circles, and prepare such arti-;
 cles as will be must sileable, and to come, j
 f rnish tabl :s. give us their company, and
 help us, not only in selling those ihiutrs thus
 prepared, but in convincing tbe public mind
 of tne nece-s.ty of our perseveranoe aid
 filelity anl thus be helpers in hastening the
 day of emancipation.
 Abigail Bush, Rochester, i
 Sarah D. Fish, do.
 Sarah L. Hallowell, do.
 Mary H. Hallowell, do.
 Sarah A. Burti*, do.
 Margaret A. Larson, do.
 Elizabeth Sully, do.
 Phebe Treadwell, do.
 Charlotte S. Wilbur, dop
 Hulda Anthony, do.
 Rhoda De Garmo, do.
 Catharine G. Braithwaite, do.
 Sarah E. Thayer, do.
 Catharine A. F. Stebbins, do.
 Amy Post, do.
 Henrietta Platt, Bath.
 Susan R. Doty, Farmington.
 Maria Wilbur, do.
 Elizabeth Smith, do.
 Esther Hathaway, do.
 Caroline Halstead, Walworth.
 Juua Parker, do. W
 Eliza Cooper, Williamso®.
 Amy Mott, do.
 Rebecca M. C. Capron, Auburn.
 C. G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Margaret Prior, Waterloo.
 Mary Ann McClistock, do.
 Laura Murray, Victor.
 Mrs. Mackintyre, Darien.
CommertiaL
Rochester. Nov. 16, 1848.
 Tbe weather i* mild again and the apprehension*
 entertained of an early clj*ing of Cmal navigation
 are dissipated for the present. The early cUing of
 the canal would have a tendency to a Ivaoce the
 price of Flour ia New York, owing to the small
 supply on hand. The market here has retn .inel
 steady at previous price*. Our *!irelioose! are
 filled w ith eastern goods. Freights are W«J6c oo
 Flour to Albany.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 t ad val
 Flour, bbl 503® 5 80
 Corn meal, (f bu*h j
 PROVISIONS—Djrtv; Beef,P^rk,Hams, Baeoo, j
 Butter aa I Lard, re; Uwese »ye ad »al
 Pork, (use**) l J JJ
 Du. in bog *I2J IS
 Beef, cwt. •JJJ g
 Do. tafaL (mere) .790• 8 00
 Lard (tnod) t J
 Do. (leaf,) J
 Haas, (sanked) f f
 Shoulders, do. 4
 Turkey*
 Chicken* J
 Putwue*, bu*b. 25
 GRAIN—Duty;
 Wheat, Lswh
 Cora
 Rye

 Hroiiy Psqri »r
 gs l ft
 simb pelts lt| 49 28
 SEEDS— Buy; LusssitlOrci JB-carkMr j
 e ad val
 CVrer «_ J
 Timothy 129
 FW? 169 j
 Codfohcwt I*o
 SUNDRIES—
 Sak.»fcfo 128
 AppiaLrM* I
 Do. dried *“r

 r nm dZ
 Hart
 uvo I
r JOB PBHTHV6.
 TH* NORTH STAR OFFICE, ia fin 111 1 1
 A ark •mb Jt* Tgp r, far tte s naira of every
 foreriptfoe sfPriatng wMh saOMas m 4 dfopMck
 at the brat proas for eafo, vis:
 SSals, EsofUihag,
 FaopWrt*, Cards, 1 atwls.lte.
 Narrative of the life or Freder
 ick DOUGLA99. written bv kimreH. to hr
 fed at dris afore, price 19 cm*.
 Ss the Pukhe,/rwm 9, AJt. m 8 PM.
 rrE ANTI-SLAVERY OFFICE and READ
 ING ROOM, No. *5, Bnfofo Street. The
 Roans ia neatly furnohrH, ul die table* filled with
 some of the beat Auti-Stavere, Temperance. Reli
 gions, Political and Literary Paper*.
 TYOOK3, for.. For Sale at tbs Anti-Slavery
 JL) Office foßtiimc Room, No. 28 Boflak*
 I n.. Second Story opposite the Arcade:
 Narrative of Fredririek Dong law.
 Jem*than Walker.
 Portrait
 I Spoooer on UnroiwtitiitioaaKty of Slavery,
 j W. Phillip* reply to do.
 Legioo of Liberty.
 Slavery illustrated by it* eflect on Woman.
 Also a rich variere of Fancy and useful articles
 made by the Ladies’ Aati-Sbvery Society.
Vfw Watch anl Jcwelrj St«re.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed hia partnership
 relation*, has remove! hia Shop two door*
 North to No. 11, Stat‘ Street, where he i* prepared
 •ncpessfolly to rompete in the sale of an entire new
 i Stock of Gooda, consisting of Gol I and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horiaoutal an I Vertical Watches,
 GoiJ Guar I and Fob Chains, Gold Seal* and Keys,
 00l I an i SiWy Pencil*, Spectacle* and Thimble*,
 GoU Ear-Rings, Bracelet*, and Finger-Rine*—a
 good assortioe tt, cheap; a variety of Ladiea* and
 'Gentlemen’s Breast-Pin*, new style;' double and
 1 .ingle Hunting gold and- plate I Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Comb* and Cases,
 Fine Cutl-ry, foe. foe.
 The above and a variety of other d-sirable Good*
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantage ms terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desire J that the goods should be examiirl, anil
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewliere in
 this market.
 e m n tf icture and keep on hand a good assort
 i ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Arne
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 other Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 e intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Eight-day, SJ hour, an I alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call an I see them.
 ATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particukus at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that kn »wledge of the changes of the j
 weather, so as to be able to a iopt his business to its
 variations. Please call and examine them, as every i
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15,1348. 6m.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would resp»ctfully i if »rnn the citizens of Rochester i
 an i sjrrou it ii tj cou itry, fiat I have removed my
 o fice from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 h&gt;u»e No. 92 Ylonroe Street.
 ’I lunkfnl fir past favors in the line of my profes-
 sivt, an l riattering myae f that I can give perfect
 s itisfictioo to all wh&gt; miy favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invito all those who are de
 sir &gt;ns ofhavin operati ms performed on fie teeth or j
 of haviio taetil ias.-rted to call on me and satisfy;
 tliemoelvei.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the'
 teeth and Plat! Work wirraite I.
 Rochester, 0.-t. Id, 1345. tf.
XUrV Pl tIP FACUiiV.
 THE subscriber t ikes this moth id to inform the
 citizens if Rich ster and vicinity, that he ho*
 just esiabiishel a Pu op Factory, at number 224,
 tlain street, where he will lie hippy to wait upon all
 vvh i may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had emsi lerahle experience in his line of
 business, be pledge* hi nself to furnish as good an
 article, anl of as good miterial, as can be procured
 at any other si nilar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also suspplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueluct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his custoners as miy require the iuforonuon, to
 competent workman, who will attend to all calls for
 diggi ig, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 The ab &gt;ve work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT
 Rochester, July 14,1348. 1y29
 Cash Grocery and Provision Siore.
 No. 133, Maiu street, corner of North street.
 (OH Stand of Edward Bardtrell.)
 JUST receive I, and will be kept constantly on
 hanl, an extensive and complete assortment o
 Groceries and Provisions.
 A large lot of Groceries just received, bought in
 New York, at the lowest of the very Jow prices of
 the present season.
 Sugars, from a good article at 5 cents per lb. to 1
 the best crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico, C mstantia and New
 Orleans Molasses, very low for ’he quality.
 Mackerel, Sha I, Codfish, Ric Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, a id all the articles, t
 numerous to mention, wbi :h make a full variety to j
 supply every want of families or dealers.
 Choice fresh Green and Black Teas.
 Extra Old Java aad other Coffees.
 Cash paid for pro luce and provisions.
 The attention of farmers, city families and dealers
 is respectfully solicited. Tl*&gt;se who have long fre-;
 quented thus well known stand are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in want of goods in
 my line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 prices.
 1 sell for Cask only, and can therefore afford to
 sell low. A new lot of g,o Is expected from New
 York in a fow days, f intend to make arrange
 ments a »ou to krep a supply of Free Labor Groceries.
 Customers shall be assured of as much reality as
 pro teat* in the quality and price of mv goods.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, July, 1848. 3m29
 \ew aid Sefoad-Uand nothing,
 At 48, EsrAmge Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTr would most respecrfully inform
 his friend* and llie Public generally, that he has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Han 1 Clothing, sock as GmU, Panta
 loons, Vests, kc., with winch he will supply
 CusMHr* at tlie most reas sable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to inform the Public, that he
 attends to repairing aad renovating, which he war- j
 rants to be done at the cheapest rote, and in the,
 best aud neatest possible manner. His lung expert-
 ence in the busnes* warn its him in assuring at!
 w-Oo may patronize hi u, mat bis weak shah be done
 to their entire »&lt;»u*foct*o'i.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848.
TKt.llkS! IKIVKM
 rfE first qualify of article is to be had at LAING
 fo BONN ELL’S sew EstabiisAmem, No. 36,
 State Sire t, K»'aesNr. AU» a general assort
 ment of Valuma, TrewaKng Bogs, foe., which are
 ade.ei at the very fewest price* for Cas i.
 Carriage Trin amg exe -ui 1 ia the latest style
 and with davpntah, by J. T. Lair-g, at bis old Mood
 tn Su.e low, opposite toe MoiWton Hoots.
 J. T. L. havi .g had cxieuaire experience in the
 Eastern azriwi, hopes to give sali focu &gt;a to a
 goaeroae pwuiie who aawii fov«r him wua their pa-1
 Menage
 tUe water, July 14. 1848. Sm
AUBURN sal ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON aad after M~mday,2SJ October die three Pass
 es,"er Trains wifi he orra gid as follows—
 Eiirwisu.— t o Lave I cirster at 4 a-*-, 11
 s.n-.aau 4&gt; r.n.
 Wiinuiu—To leave Aabern at 2| a-M-,4
 a.*., and 44 r
 Ho I rate leaves Rnrkera Eastward aa 6—day
 or 11 a-M.eeai 7&gt; r.u.
 Ne lYaia bn* Aebsra Westward 8— day. St
 4| S.M., nor Moedny at &lt;4 a.«.
 O* aad after the U T r foe fore *—l—
 -r aad Aehm a will ba 4219 ia fowl ckme
 care- Tkfoers wiß afao ha aAi anuii— ihe bet—r
 to a mm m ese eon l—riag Rsrihestir at
 U r. a., at retooei ynce*. to p— hare—
 tor.
 Three ttofceto ire trwm 1-*— to *jni—i.
 Uticaaai Aheay—ly. (wag Ease This train m
 twautortdtoAfoenyia 18 rmtfrm rhsenr.
 Thaefi—rtwatrai— nee t—to matt—a ia R
 hares*—h.
 WB. mnwmow m
 Inßtoetw* Oeu 30,1A4&amp;
DOST A3D V- ILLIS, Vmkn m Dm**,
 Ini., Dye Sts*. hM.
 Oib, Gkwwm,Braahra, Piifcwrry, lk|— rr» »jT*
 Stack, Fraarji awl Cmaaa CWiok. Aitw*#’
 Cat". Snakes awl Cmtui, Elfcarwl OS, GsM
 Lwfawl Fofl, fce. fa*.
 Smw Aaawa far aw* af tW cakfcftd Fawily
 a Mafaiaii, aa A receroaf the
 ■awaWeecOy trawtka XuafaaaanarinrAfau,
 ■*fP*y «rArn ai vkUlt
 •Ml rawtl, woaTfaVenfcfa
 HMurngaAie Book*. Medkwas. nrf P m ,H
 w»» M dawctkwa. (Mr amu far Wm.
 rtn ntw i ort.
 Afao, SkerawPi VSniorj Magnet* Marhian.
 •ilk JirtctNM.
 alao EtWrial Oil awl Lawns, Um
 aw. TW trim wa«Ai cnneah rw&gt;
 Uapt. TW attention of Cr*ntr\ Nnkau, Ffa
 mcwno, Famt lira, and other*. wMuwr r&gt;°Aa m the
 ahore bar, is mpnkd at iW APOTHECARIES'
 j HALL, 4, Earfaanfr Street.
mt AXD SILK BATS.
 FARRIXGTON PRICF., nnau&amp;ctwrc ud
 dealer in For um) Silk HaU, Ct&gt;Ah and Ftn
 Capa, Ladies’ For* and Trimi»iiu*&gt;. Raiila fUe*
 aad an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrelbs, hr.,
 he. he., No. t, St. Paul Street. Miners* Block.
 JP A usual auppK of Buckskin Gloves an!
 Mittens
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 I’HE subscribers at No. 22 State street,take plea
 •ore in announcing to the public that they bare
 completed arrangements by which they are enable*
 to offer the most satisfactory induce nents to all en
 ifage l in the sale or mmul'.«rtiire of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the mns’ favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole an t Upper'Lesther. Kip, OH
 and Morocco Skins, with a lull assortment of Find
 mg, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will fin Ii»
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock befon
 purchasing cbewltere.
 jvlO SAGE A PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPfT AGENCY.
 WE are Agent* for the Bu 'alo Paper Mills.
 where Paper of the best quality is made frt&gt;n
 pure spring water, very white and smooth A sup
 ply of News an I Book Paper kept constantly lb.
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine Use quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange *t.
 FISHER A Co.
 5v51 RankmotU.-. ,„.t 1&gt;..1.i:.W
OWES MORRIS' CITY BINDERY
 ITItUER THE MLSKCW—Iate FISHER MORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in die employ of Mr. Marru
 Morse for seven years, and during that tim
 procured for him three Silver Metals, tor the be«
 specimens nf Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gent'einen's Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals boun&lt;
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Book
 executed at this establishment have given itneqnalle.
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Stric
 mention is always paid to the quality of paper used,
 to ren 'er them equal to the best in the United State,
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums am
 Portfolios, in all dieir varieties, manufactured t&gt;
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, Ike., may fci
 assure I of work being done on thj most advantageous
 terms.
 Ge id men residing at a distance, by packing an&lt;
 forwar !inj vol imes to the above dir-ctions, sratinp
 price and style, may rely upon their hei lg well bourn
 on the m :st f.vorable terms, also carefully am
 punct'iallv returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense i.
 fitting up the establish nent, and introdu -ing in»&lt;
 Western New York the latest improvements ii
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 Cifv Bin.lerv. under (he Mnmnn,
Important to Farmer?.
 TDE’S Patent Wh?»! Cultivntir an 1 Wire Gnu
 1 Plow. Tha Farming Public are hereby inforine
 tha Letter* Patent hare been taken out by the Sui
 scriber fjr his rece ft 'reat improvements in the co:
 strucrionan I manufacture of Fif.lu Cti ltivator*
 an improveinent s great a* to entirely revolutionist
 the whole system of farming, by re hieing the expen*
 »ne-li.tlf or more. Wherever they have been intro
 iuced, they have met the deci ie I approbation o
 farmers, as the filloWinr certificates from the intel
 It gent ant practical farners whose names an
 attached, abundantly *h .vv:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, hsv
 seen an i use I the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invent*
 bv XiTHA.t I u r. of Shelby, O.leans Co., Nev
 York, and believe it tjbe, as a lab ir-saving rna
 chi ie, one of the greatest improvements of the ag
 By it, a farmer can pot in from ten to fifteen acre
 n»re of wheat in a year, with the sum* amount
 team labor; lie can also s &lt;w it in much better ordei
 By it also Canada thistles an I other noxious wee
 may be totally extirpate i. Said machine is so con
 siructed that it can be regulated to go any depth, b'
 means of screws on the upper part of the machin.
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, n
 only jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, w
 think it deciiedly the liest machine ever invented fo
 pulverizing the ground and facilititing the labor o
 the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend i
 to our brother farmers.
 James 11. ifedey, James Ide
 E ios Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wh-eler, Hartes Hedley,
 Gar Iner Berry James P. Anierson,
 Shelby, Co., Aprif 23, 1848.
 We, the un lernig ted, purchased one of Natltai
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found i
 answer the purpose sowed, that we have this Sprint,
 made purchase of anoth;r. We can with this Plow
 prepare widi two horses, eight acres of land per da&gt;
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by tin
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cakivatoi
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, Jane, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems i
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with it* various inmies o
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be see*
 and used. No farmer wno fully understand* hi
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluabk
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Siielby, Orleans Co., fli. YJuly 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured bn
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo street, near the Bull’’
 Head, Rochester, N. Y.., where farmers are invite*
IStjM'oV Al&gt;»LKllSKttkVr«.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Coroiiilt—namely,
 The Liheitv Bell fir 1348. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 'LI Edition, with aldi
 tional matter ami new engraving*. Fries, bowed,
 ets; in paper covers, 25 eta.
 Mr. Sback&lt;W&lt;l's Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 124 ets.
 Pueition and Duties of the North, with regard t*.
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 6 ets.
 Six Months at Graefcoberg. By Henry C. Wright.
 *l,OO.
 Dich Crowniagshieli, the assassin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; die Difference hetweei
 tlem. By Henry C. Wright. 2 ets. siagte; 25
 ets. per uoaea.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW e op** CLARKSON'S HLs'IOKI
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with pwfct rj remark* on the auUecfaeiM
 afaJitius of Surety a heeKi/iil Loadoe eatuoe,
 with a fine Poit/tii of the Aaihr, dom om *uel,—»
 twnk which could eut be impoitea Lr lew due throe
 Jofere, fat tad u 21, Confciil, 4 applied far
 at the very k.w price uf(m Doll*s.
 «*K AU,, EL'LOCILM ON CLARKSON, bj
 At tunitt CecMMKLL, at the reduced price d
 twelve aa 1 a hah ceuU.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney aod Coeutilw
 at Law. Xaaaacfawetu block.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, IS, Brisk Street, tamw
 aadoiwwt *Utixnm to hie «u&gt;k, is (rroparad to
 iweufa BOVS' CLOTHING, &lt;4 aa feud iaeterial
 aad it, and at aa cheappricee, ae caa oaobcaased io
 the city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 tt"
 ISAAC H, SNOWDEN, S-k«_»« perfwv—*
 l Faery Jab Pnawr, 14, «'awr
 W* Ah ardera pweyfr wmm+* ha. «4
HOME FOR RF FORMERS.
 'iTH® kHNaMkfio4m mm,Man-
 I l«NW».«Ml b— SS, No.tfcC—wl
 Gowt. where hr will hr mlnm mm
 lof the Fneads #f Bsfcna, M mm fiR ck«|M.-
 Ht nhw to to— e tobtite mmwl pleas m |w&gt;
 I tsw, »tm th* ftuxtu/TiyiiMiii, P&lt;m»,Fm&lt;7.
 NiJom, the Prieoaee, Rc., any wm t«|Mkar,ia4
 :j"&amp;ur Coart mm aSS unit
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Bestow, Aaf, SI, IS*.
 THOMAS P. SMITH, No. Brania Stmt.
 A &gt;ip of tW GoUm Bail. ft#* ud SmM
 bawl i Uxiunc Store.
The Massiclißttsfun«rlfliTl(f«
 (X&gt;MMENCED ow rite fire# of Dsu—Ne, 1*47.
 M Ist tf Monk. Jat, —d
 7 d s *P**»*»r- It wOJ he devotad to th* inr—t
 ofao part, or clam, bat u coodwctovs will esakw
 tor to prerent an open tad Sir field for the
 The Kr&gt;ww mil he rnarteread k R W r
 '°n, Throdtee Parker, aari J. Elliot Cabot. minri
 o» aerenil other gent lessen.
 Each number mil contain about IS pace*, at tha
 price ot S 3 a year, in advance.
 Coaunpuicatiom, subscriptions, Re. shook! ha
 to the Publishers.
 COOLIDGE R RILEY,
 12, W ater Street, Boston
 I3OBERT MORRIS, J*., Attorney and Coon*
 Aw sc I lor at La* Brmicr’, Bwtkling, State Street,
 J Joston.
 i
 I TOHN D. RFAALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 ’J aial Perfumery Emporium, 114, BUck»toae-St.
SEW YORK ADVERTISktIEATS.
rUST PUBLISHED, and for tale at the office of
 t cl of the Anti Slavery Sum tar
 1 IV Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contain* about 280 page* of cloee
 ending; 3UO eminent authorities, ami about aixty
 i llustrative engraving*. Price 37| ct*. in mu*lm,
 j ind 25 cents in paper cover* A ve*y liherml du*
 ount to ttkjse w ho purchase a number of copies.
 I'hc Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women, from various authots, 12| rent*.
 I Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodora Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 1 A in. W. Brown’s Lecture before the FemaJe A S,
 i Society of Salem, Mas*. Reported by H.|M.
 I Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 IT WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 j Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad*
 way.
 P JINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 i. Broadway.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 t So. 97, Cranl«ry Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. R pairing neatly executed at the shortest
 mtice ami on the most reasonable terms.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOI SF.
 HHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfi lly in*
 v&gt; form hi* friends and the public, that ne continues
 devote every attention to those p leased to favor
 is “home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 &gt;cated at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
 ITTILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Y Saloon, Troy House, Tn y, New Yoik.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 TTTILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS.
 W Walker’s Appeal, with a brief sketch of
 is life by Henry Highland Garni.
 Also, Garxet’s Address to (As Slaves of the Dki«
 rd States. This address wa* reie-'led by the N’a*
 ional Convention ut Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 j small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 end in their orders earlv.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Th*
 ‘AST A!»D PrESEXT CORUITIOR OE TUI COLOR
 .l&gt; Race, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
General Intelligence Office.
 "J.EO. W. GOINES having opened an Esfal !i»h-
 J ment at tl«s Hhii.a vr.tr hi a letTiTCTjr,
 .orchard Street, ab.ve Seventh, for the pi-rp. le «,f
 I'ocuring honest and faithfjl domestic* for tho.e
 vilo may require them, and obtaining pLres for
 .ich as are qualified and in warn thereof, begs leave
 tefer to the following named gentlemen, wlio bare
 indly permitted the us*: of their names as
 RKrERFffCES:
 In irew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Übert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 lasper Harding, Publialier of the Inquirer
 liarles J. Peterson, Editor of Nears Gazette
 I'hos. B. Florence, E itor of l imes and Keystone
 tnbeit Howell, 88, Chesnot Street
 lilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—B6.
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi.
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Sheet, a love
 Seventh. ly 3g
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 YTEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 i v in price*.
 ’ine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 Vew styles of Prints of me iturn quality, usual width,
 ••'in* Rod wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities aad
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, aad Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 0-4 Plaid Muslin,
 tluslib de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton,
 r'tannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton fianaeU,
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apronand Furniture Check. CottomHandkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Di tiling, Ac.
 I»ng and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various .No*., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, ®f various grades.
 The wh-.le Mock exclusively Free iZrbor Goods,
 to which die Subscriber would invi'e the silent too
 4 country inert hauls, as well as hie friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Fiee
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to ea
 bits the assortment from Urns in time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR.
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherrv-sts.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1040. tf
 Free Üb«r GbeJs.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 •Kl fc* aa* No. 21, North
 Fifth-Vtreet, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, A proa and Fur
 mu»«; Canton Flunart, onbSeacherf; Muslin,
 t&gt;4e*ched and anhl—ted, of veiioeu qwlkirt and
 widUi; tku Muslin Re inunes, brown and o-lorwH;
 Bird Eye Towels; Mark aad white Wadding;
 lmpa; La»p Wick; Bed T.ck»f, aa tt
 caheat article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Ac. Re.
 Orders for Gooi's, or Isturs desiring iafiunaatmo,
 mm be addrvseed u&gt; J. Miller Me Kim, 01. North
 Ftfihsrrtet; Daniel L. Miller, Teeth street; or to
 James Mott, No. 86, Chun h Airy.
 A hugs aad hanraome assortment of Prim* new
 •■boats. jilwtf
Aatf*Sl«Fei7 Office,
 No. 31. North Ftfth Strut, PhMoffhio.
 A FULL assortment of eetswtevory y+Uotoom
 is kep* —oswstty ea ke*t-j him
 variety of oueceAsaeoae ptAbamnme, aad mom
 aad Fancy Sraimwry-
 All letters rvUrmf
 to u dMfiti to J- Minor fficaiffig «ii 3wui
 J*-*
 the DELAWARE ABOLITION UT
 A PAPER of Ae ehswe earns will he i oUwt.d la
 Wikoingtoe, by te Dofcwase Aat*4Uo»s*v
 ■■sissy. It wiikemfated hf af smmittn. and I
 he (Wdlited ea a kaM madtsm test, at twenty l*e
 penesps year, or far twtmty fat i—nhms. ItwdHa
 4e«MMi m emaartpotiaa hi Ihhvat, aad witt s&gt;u
 “f h, h*Awid means h
 omjrn pddmhad mmm nlMy, if means am
 ■*ded, er aa etea as teammcM be ate ted
 JAMS* B- BROOKE
"
