".HfllPflOlHH sin
 vitlf tiffs;
iM, tl
 ok» worW eafouv "f x M&lt;
 AU lufrir **ag*pHwMi»r Ww,f
 With the light of her eoft mn**'
 W £sr«li£
 White fettered, eteve, h* w d k,w
 .%Vf? IV UNIR AI
 »*l theaobtert ewfc fit QfdV. tin ti&lt;
 ftwrt ftklMflw Mg—ft

 Mr* t i&gt;..ti rr ».T» /i,.
 With a.*iUt,lh*LW*&gt; l|i« Cfeiuii,,,
 «il ;ro»in.lr.H. &gt;nl i.': I r.-.i
 Notwa«J .j,
 far bim/fro# the iwn mm *&gt;ii*
 WbWb ffobk tteWy'wKhi tb dark grey ere,
 3v«* hw unrequited toll.
 H» light breere that coola bis brow,
 Bpeak* iu Freedom’s thrilling voice,
 And the sunlight that cheers, aad the ware s
 that flow,
 Bid not hi* soul rejoice.
 Oh! when shall the frame of ana,
 A* the chainte** soul be free.
 And the glorious light of the gospel plan,
 To his path a beacoa bel
 When shall lore and peace combine,
 With freedom to bless our eyes,
 Round luring hearts (heir bright lioka entwine
 And the star of Hope arise 1
 And justice and pure troth reign,
 Wide, wide, aa the boundless sas,
 Barth's varied tongues blend in freedom's stnin
 And the world indeed be FrttT
 L. S.
 Worcester, 2 mo. 19, 1849.
 I LOVE THE MAN.
 I love die man who calmly rests.
 When wealth and friends are flown,
 Who peace and lore, those heavenly guest*,
 Securely makes hi* own;
 Who never look? to earth for Wist,
 Whose treasure is the skies;
 To whom keen sorrow's dark abyss
 Bring* no depressive sighs.
 1 lose the inan who freely gives,
 As Heaven lias blest his store
 Who shares the gift* that lie receives,
 With those who need litem more;
 Whose melting lieart of pity move*
 O’er sorrow and distress—
 Of all his friends who mostly love*
 The poor—the fetberles*.
 1 love the man who scorn* to lie
 To name or sect a slave—
 Whose soul is like the sunshine, free—
 Free as the ocean wave;
 Who w lien he sees oppression—wrung
 Speak* out in thunder tones—
 Who feel* with Troth that he i* strong
 To grapple e’en with thrones.
 I love the man who shuns to do
 An action mean or low—
 Who will a noble course pursue
 To stranger, friend, or foe—
 Who seeks for justice, not for gain.
 I* meiciful aiul kind—
 Who will not give a needle** pain
 In liody or in mind.
 I love the man whose only boa*&lt;
 Is wisdom, virtue, right;
 Wlio feels if truth is ever lost,
 His honor lias a blight;
 Who ne’er evades, by look or sigh,
 In every place the same;
 Methinks the glories are divine
 Which cluster round his name.
 WEEP NOT FOR HIM THAT DIETIf.
 BY MRS. HORTON.
 Weep ye not for the dead, neither bemotui hjin.
 Jtrrmiah xxii. 10.
 Weep not for him that dieth—
 For he sleeps, and is at rest;)
 And the couch whereon he lieth
 Is tlie green earth’s quiet breast;
 But weep for hiui who pineth
 On a far land’s hateful shore,
 Who wearily declinelh
 Where ye see his face no more!
 Weep not for him that dieth.
 For friends are round his bed,
 And many a young lip sigheth,
 When they name the early dead;
 But weep for him that liveth
 Where none will know or care,
 When the groan his feint lieart givctli
 Is the last sigh of despair.
 Weep not for him that dieth,
 For his struggling soul is free,
 And tlie world from which it flielh
 Is a world of misery;
 But weep for him that weareth
 That captive's galling chain;
 To the agony he beareth,
 Death were but little pain.
 Weep not for liim that dietli,
 For lie hath ceased from tears,
 And a voice to his replieth,
 Which lie hath not lieard for year?;
 But weep for him tliat weepath
 On that cold land’s cruel sliore—
 Blest, blest is he who sleepeth—
 Weep for the dead no moie!
 HOME.
 BY r. COSBY.
 The world is all before me,
 To choose where'er 1 will—
 Tlie blue sky bending o’er me.
 Lights valley, plain, and hilllj
 Oh! many a nook enchanted,
 In virgin beauty drest—
 W’ith Eden freshness haunted.
 Is wooing in the west!
 And many a fount is flowing,
 i With none to hear its tale.
 And only wiki flowers showing
 Its pathway in the vale!
 Ami many a boundless prairie—
 Like some remembered scene,
 JJn lioyhood’s dream of feery
 4 Where man hath rarely
 And many a sunny highland
 ill Is gleaming for away,
 ‘'And many a spicy island,
 Wliere summer loves to stay—
 Wi i
 And strange bright birds are cooitmg
 _ The warm ami balmy brarse.
 Like winged lustres sporting
 Auiid the gorgeous trees!
 And fends that lira ia story,
 foil W here deeds of old reaawu
 •fn lay and legend hoary,
 .j. .Have won a deathless crown;
 Wliere gray tradition lingers
 O’er tomh and classic fane,
 "Which time’s relenting Angara
 Have touched with hallowed Usin'
 i)i
 /But Oh! to me Car dearer,
 1 'And lovelier each morn,
 ’tv homely landscape nearer—
 ji The spot weerc 1 was burnt
 i Aud were 1 like the swallow,
 fhe wide world free to roam.
 My heart unchanged would follow
 Wm path that potato to home!
jjL ll v n&gt; r
 p jj t t€C t I O tl; 1
 ~*****mMiJ- -m*mu wl «*.,**4
 A At* 'CKft MPCOKCD.
 second mammothm Augtmtlast
 «tem
 mountain, on U»# dividi bat*cer
 Tfntieissee and Georgia; and which ii
 nor called tte stodetflV fave'.
 coananoiaalioa m-the Savannah Re-
 give* these descriptions:
 •'V feature of the cave ii
 thm it consists of an irregular passage
 oF 4 with rooms, and in some
 cases suites of rooms, opening at irreg
 ular distances on each side. The
 width of the entry is about twenty feet,
 and the roof varies from five to sixty
 feet in height. The floor is in some
 places even, though generally it is cov
 ered over with masses of fallen rock,
 and disfigured by yawning caverns,
 which it required much care to pas?
 over in safety. The ceiling is in no
 place smooth, but there hang from it
 short stalactites which can be compared
 to nothing better than a washerwoman’s
 smoothing irons, fastened by the handle
 to the roof, and hanging an inch or twe
 apart.
 Down this entry the party passed foi
 half a mile, until they came to where it
 swells out to large dimensions, and de
 scends very abruptly for quite a hun
 dred feet, forming a huge and unsightly
 chamber. Terminating their explora
 tion in this direction here, they retraced
 their steps. About four hundred yards
 from the entrance, however, is to he
 found the most attractive part of the
 cave, through which they passed.—
 Here a noble and lofty dome, with all
 its proportions perfect, spanned the en
 tire passage. On the right to our com
 ing from the entrance, and immediately
 under the dome, about ten feet from the
 floor, there is a deep recess, formed by
 a bold curve of the wall, on each side.
 The back ground of this recess is filled
 up by the appearance of a splendid
 Grecian temple, which would not suffer
 in comparison with the Parthenon in its
 best days. Aided a little by the excite
 ment of the visiter, and by the shadows
 cast by the lights, the facade is perfect.
 A little back of the regular line of the
 wall extends a row of massive fluted
 columns, pediment and all, while in the
 rear still appears the body of the tem
 ple: the door in the right place, and of
 the right dimensions, and all the pro
 portions perfect.
 On the left of the passage, and under
 the same dome, ascends the regular
 winding stairway, about five feet in
 width. The walls are of stalactite for
 mation, in some places as smooth as
 glass, in others grooved, and in others
 still plastered, and they glittered in the
 torchlight like polished diamonds.—
 When they had ascended this stairway
 some thirty-five feet, they came to a
 wall which closed it up at right angles.
 In the middle of this wall, arid about
 three feet from the floor, there is an
 opening about a foot arid a half in di
 ameter, through which they crawled.—
 And here they entered into a suite of
 rooms gorgeous beyond description.
 The first was a small antechamber,
 about twelve feet in diameter; the walls
 of stalactite and the floor of stalagmite,
 and the ceiling so high that with all
 three of their torches together they
 could not get a glimpse of it.
 On the farther side of the chamber,
 near the entrance to the next room,
 were two splendid columns, each about
 two feet and a half in diameter—that on
 the right seemed to be made of translu
 cent shell, (resembling those beautiful
 shells that ornament the mantles of the
 rich,) and so high as to be lost in the
 darkness above—the one on the left ap
 peared as perfect a Corinthian column,
 gorgeous capital and all, as art could
 fashion. Passing between these and
 through an arched doorway, they enter
 ed into another large room; here was
 almost every variety of stalagmite for
 mation that can be imagined. Statues,
 pyramids and shafts studded the floor
 in splendid profusion. Gorgeous col
 umns extended up to the ceiling and
 heavy stalactites terminating below in
 their curled leaves, reach down to
 within three feet of the floor. One of
 these, when struck, sounded like the
 tolling of a large bell, another gave
 forth the deep tones of the largest pipes
 of the organ, not faintly, but filling with
 its loudest peal the whole compass of
 the cavern, while its rich note swelled
 and reverberated in the arches below.
 The next chamber seemed to be a
 regular wardrobe, witfi ladies dresses
 hanging all around the walls, every;
 fold in the garments being as distinctly
 marked as if they were veritable dress-,
 es. In the fourth room, on a smooth
 place on the wall, the party wrote their
 names and the date of their visit with
 charcoal, which has doubtless long be
 fore this, been obliterated. To this j
 suite of rooms they gave the name of
 Cathedral.
 LEVEL OF SEA AND LAND.
 The observations of science have,
 demonstrated the fact, that the Island
 of Great Britain has been submerged
 in the ocean to the depth of 1790 feet
 above the present sea level. Mr. Rob
 ert Chambers has recently produced an
 interesting work on this subject, in;
 which he advances and very ably main
 tains the theory of the recession of the
 sea, in opposition to the upheaval of!
 the land. The following extract pre-!
 sents a condensed summary of the au
 thor’s reasoning on the numerous data j
 furnished by observation, and of infer
 ence deducted therefrom:
 It lias been my task to examine
 the heretofore known examples of
 ancient sea margins, with a view to:
 ascertain if they bore any relations to
 each other, to follow out a chain of re-;
 search among similar, though less obvi
 ous marking* at higher levels: and to
 ascertain if these stood in any higher
 relationship; the final object being to!
 determine, as far as possible, the
 questions above cited regarding the*
 mode and circumstances of relative
 level.
 The general result is, that the su
 perficial formation bean the mark of
 former levels of the sea, and at various
 intervals up to at least twelve hundred
 feet, thus involving the Glenary terra-*
 ces; and that the markings in the sev- 1
 eral districts examined, as well as in
 the neighboring coasts of France and
 Ireland, do all of them fall into such
mfcrrnitr a. thrift
 teSsiSasafe
 Oh*t Thi§ conformity' iMbe levels ovei
 &gt;«ch a let** **n, tssfoourse favors
 -We irtyW of a tecession of tbf
 a* opposed to that of an elevatioc
 of since it precisely whai
 #ould result from the former operation,
 while there is no difficulty in suppomni
 J that so large a portion of the crust o
 earth could be subjected to repeat e«
 upheavals, and yet to preserve, from
 ji first to last, the original relation of tin
 ,i levels of its various parts to the centre
 o( the earth, that between Paris aik
 'j Inverness not a vertical foot of de
 rangement could be detected.”
 Changes in the Climate or Eu-
 Rors. —Those who have read the an
 cieuts with attention, conclude that tht
 degrees of cold are at this time muct
 i less severe than they were formerly.—
 i The rivers in Gaul, namely, the Loir*
 and the Rhone, were regularly frozen
 over every year, so* that frequently
 whole armies, with their baggage ant
 I carnages could march over them. Ever
 1 the Tiber froze at Rome; and Juvena
 says, positively, that it was necessary
 to break the ice in winter, in order tc
 come at the water of the river. Many
 passages in Horace suppose the street!
 t of Rome to be fall of ice and snow.—
 Ovid assures us that the Black Sea was
 frozen annually, and appeals for the
 truth of this to the Governor of the
 province, whose name he mentions.—
 I He also relates several circumstancei
 concerning that climate, which at pres*
 ent agree only with Norway and Swe
 den. The forests of Thrace and Pan*
 nonia were full of bears and w ild boars,
 in like manner as now the forests of the
 I north. The Northern part of Spain
 was little inhabited for the same cause.
 In short, all the ancients who mention
 the climate of Gaul, Germany, Pan
 nonia, and Thrace, speak of it as in
 supportable, and agree that the ground
 w as covered with snow the greatest part
 i of the year, being incapable of pro
 ducing olives, grapes, and most otnei
 j fruits. It is easy to conceive that, the
 forest being cleared away, the face ol
 the country cultivated, and the marshy
 places drained, the moist exhalations
 which generate cold must he consider
 j ably lessened, and that the rays of the
 sun must, have a freer access to warm
 the earth. The same thing has hap
 pened in North America, since the Eu
 ropeans carried there their accustomed
 industry. The history of the north
 leaves us no room to doubt that there
 have been vast forests cut down, and
 by this single means extensive marshes
 have been dried up, and converted intc
 land fit for cultivation. Without men
 tioning the general causes which in
 sensibly effect the destruction of for
 ests, it was common to set these on firt
 in order to procure fertile fields. A
 King of Sweden was surnamed the
 Wood-cutter, for having grabbed uj
 and cleared vast provinces, and fellec
 the trees with which it was covered.—
 i Nor were they less cleared away ii
 Norway and Denmark. Thusachang&lt;
 in the climate must long have precede&lt;
 that in the manners.— Bohn's Jlntiqua
 rian Library.
 Walking. Many inventions hav&lt;
 i been devised for the preservation o
 health, but we know of none more efH
 cacious, and at the same time mor&lt;
 neglected, than walking. It is th&lt;
 i sovereignest remedy for those liUb
 ills, that too often become great ills, oc
 casioned by sedentary habits, clos&lt;
 confinement and bad air. All the hy
 geian pills, plasters and balsams tha
 quackery ever invented, are not to b&lt;
 compared to a morning walk in impart
 ing health and vigor to a worn and ex
 hausted frame. The air, the exercise
 and the joyousness of nature just waking
 from the repose of night, have an in
 vigorating effect upon the body and thi
 mind that cannot be effaced by th&lt;
 cares and duties of the day.
 Health is more often sacrificed, bj
 women particularly, by neglecting t(
 j take proper exercise in the open aii
 than from any other cause. Then
 seems to be among American ladies s
 strong antipathy to this kind of exer
 cise—at least, a sufficient amount of it
 to give tone and energy to the consti
 tution. If they walk down street twe
 or three times a week, they think they
 have done all that a just regard for theii
 health requires, and certainly all that
 the rules which govern fashionable life
 will allow. Propose to them that they
 should walk several indes in a day, and
 they are horror-stricken at once.
 Perhaps our charge is too sweeping.
 We will not make it against all Ameri*
 can ladies, yet we think it can be susjj
 tained against a majority of them. II
 is a fact, well ascertained and estab
 lished, that the standard of health
 among females in this country is much
 lower than in any other country in the
 world. In England, women of all
 classes are in the daily habit of walking
 much and long distances. A walk ol
 several miles is there regarded as a
 delightful recreation—here it is lopked
 upon as an almost impracticable task.
 The best preventive and the only
 cure of consumption, is to be much in
 the open air, exercising briskly, either
 on foot or on horseback. A few' words
 more, ladies, for we are talking foi
 your benefit, and our homily will be
 ended. \V hen you walk, seek the open
 country, if possible—walk rapidly, run
 and romp, (it’s all “genteel,”)— see all
 that is to be seen—hear all that ia to be
 heard, and be just as free, joyous and
 happy as you like—and our word for it,
 (which is worth something,) you will
 never have occasion to regret it.—Ro
 chester *itA&lt;&gt;r.
 FREDERIC JEROME.
 He is not much over 36 years ol
 age, of the most indomitable courage,
 without being foolhardy in its use, and
 of considerable personal strength. He
 was one of the crew of the ship Henry
 Clay, when two years ago she was
 stranded on Barnegat, and with the
 second mate of that ship, (who lately
 sailed from Boaton as the mate of the
 Ocean Monarch, and was on board at
 the time of her bqping,) was in a boat
 with four other pat men, when an at
 tempt was made to carry a line to the
 shore over the surd The boat in which
 they made thin hazardous experiment
 was swamped in the rollers, and four
 of the persons in her perished. Fred
 eric Jerome, and the present mate erf
the Ocean Monarch, aarcd their Mree
 1 bji swimming back to the ship. As eo
 other of the persons In the ship could
 be induced to make a second attempt,
 Frederick Jerome and this pereon un
 dertook it, and on the second dangerous
 effort succeeded; and by means of this
 line, the whole of the lives of the uas
 sengers and crew on board of the Hen
 ry Clay were saved. It was their only
 connection with the beach, which was
 at a considerable distance. The mate
 of the ship Ocean Monarch, at the time
 of the si* miles from
 Liverpool, snowing that this lion
 hearted man was on board of the ship
 New World, then laying to, near, com
 ing out on her homeward voyage, and
 seeing no other human aid was to be
 had, and knowing of no other man of
 like daring to wmom he could apply,
 thought only of him, (remembering his
 former adventure with him) to save the
 fifteen persons yet remaining* on the
 bowsprit of the burning wreck. He
 therefore pot off to the New World, in
 a leaky boat, to beg him to go along
 with him to their rescue. Jerqpae
 no sooner heard the request than he
 instantly stripped himself, and, whether
 for life or for death, let himself down
 from the chains, and went to the
 rescue.
 Fifteen souls are now rfejoicing in
 life, who, without his aid, would be at
 the present hour in eternity. He got
 to the ship partly by swimming, climbed
 by some ropes to the bowsprit, to which
 the helpless, terrified women and child
 ren were clinging like burning martyrs
 I to the stake,with the devouring element
 touching their very clothes, and with
 his own hands tied a rope round their
 body, one by one, and let them down
 into the boat, which his friend the mate
 kept underneath to receive them. He
 was the last man that left the burning
 wreck.
 GOOD LORD, GOOD DEVIL.
 Franz Horn tells us in one of his
 frisky litle sentences, describing the
 betweenity which so remarkably char
 acterised the great Erasmus, that
 Erasmus was like a man who should
 build a splendid church for the service
 of God, with a nice little chapel beside,
 in which he might occasionally wor
 ship the Devil. And it is told of certain
 heathen nations, that they explain the
 great honor they pay the latter, by
 saying, they do not know into whose
 hands they may fall after death. There
 is a great deal of human nature in
 these stories, as there is said to be, by
 good authority, in man generically,
 and, as our friend, Dr. Bailey says,
 in the National Era in particular. The
 four words at the head of this paragraph
 illustrate every important and common
 trait in human character. Hudibras
 shows one phase of it in the worthy
 men who
 Compound for sins they are inclined to,
 tty damning those they liave no mind to,
 and of another respectable individual,
 some modern genius has sung.
 Paul, with his charity his conscience calms,
 He steals a pig and gives the tail for alms
 The folllowing anecdote, we think,
 cast some light on the same trait. We
 give it as we got it from a dignified
 divine of our acquaintance, who adds
 to the character of one of the most la
 borious and useful of western clergy
 men, the agreeable concomitant of
 being one of the most companionable
 —may his shadow (which is no small
 one) never be lesss
 During the late war with Great
 Britain, a sentinel was stationed in a
 small barn on the lines, which had the
 reputation of being haunted—the upper
 story was “full of emptiness.” to all
 appearance, yet every night was beard,
 by the terrified soldier on duty, a roll
 ing and rumbling, as of a dozen harrels
 over head, and, very naturally the
 soldiers became very loth to occupy it
 after dark. A bragging fellow, offered
 his services for the duty, with many
 protestations of fearlessness and taunts
 on his comrades for being so easily
 sheared. Pretty soon after he heared
 the noise being, and whistled stoutly to
 keep his courage up—after awhile he
 called out, YVho’s there!” and as the
 noise went on and increased, he gath
 ered up all his oozing valor into the
 tremendous and comprehensive adjura
 tion, In the name of the Father, the
 Son, and the Holy Ghost, what the
 d 1 dS*e you doing up there.”—Lou
 isville Examiner.
 A Gentle Hint. —A country parson
 who was not over promptly paid by
 his parishioners, on entering the church
 one Sabbath morning, met one of the
 most wealthy of his flock, and asked
 the loan of a dollar.
 ♦‘Certainly,” said the man, at the
 same time handing over the coin.
 Dominie put it into his pocket, and
 preached his sermon in most capital
 style; and on coming down, handed the
 identical dollar to the man from whom
 he borrowed it.
 “YY r hy,”exclaimed the lender, “you
 have not used the money at all.”
 “It has been of great service to me,
 nevertheless,” replied the parson; “I
 always preach so much better when 1
 have money in my pocket.”
 The hint was taken, and the balance
 of his salary was got together on the
 following day.
 A Jlonplus. —A country girl once
 riding past a turnpike gate without pay
 ing the usual fee, the tollman hailed
 her and demanded it; she asked him by
 what authority he demanded toll of her:
 he answered, the sign would convince
 her that the law required six cents for
 man and horse. YVell,” replied the
 girl, this is a woman and mare, there
 fore you have nothing to expect!” and
 she rode off, leaving him the laughing
 stock of the bystanders.”
 Mankind may be divided into three
 classes. Those who learn from the ex
 perience of others—they are happy
 men. Those who learn from their own
 experience—they are wise men. And
 lastly, those who learn neither from
 their own nor other’s experience, they
 are fools.
 Maiotiso rot Mo.* st. The au
 who marries for moaey has one advan
 tage over those who marry for other
 considerations; he can know what he
 gets; if he can feed upon husks and
 chaff, it is competent to him to see that
 his trough is filled From Life.
 Max ssldoaiobtain*knewledgethmaghths
 doorwsy of diatpanos.
2ltofKtiscnunto.
Mmntks Pms,
 1 TRIMITE m m HBSMi
 •sme a vindication or tii miiii nrr«i.-
 LECTtTAL AID auismt CtfAIIUTItS
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 WkkfrtKiUr referent* to the African era.
 The motive* which hare artmled the mAar in
 pnportug the ahove-mrmio'md work, are soWjr
 dmre to mtrrr*i and rnhgfetea the public mml, oa
 subject intimate K ewimrted with the hffMW
 ■itwrr of brie portion of the ham fiunily; Md
 hy 1 rrbuoi of larti and teitimici 9 vtuck bo
 assertion* am Annul, to remove a deeply-rooted pre
 judice, existing in the mind* of badv, respecting Ac
 African race.
 It is An important question whether the Negro M
 constitutionally, aud therebre irremediably bfcrior
 to tlw white mu, ia the power* of the miad. Much
 of the future welfare of Uae human race thread* ou
 the answer which experience and bets will furnish
 to.thi* question; for it concern* not oah the rest
 population of Africa, but man? millton* of the Negro
 race, who are located elsewhere, and the whiles who
 are becoming mixed with the black race, ia countries
 where Slavery exist*, or where it has existed till
 w ithin a recent period. Many perrons hare ventur
 ed upon peremptory decisions on both sides of tlw
 mention; hut the majority appear to be still unsati*
 hod as to the real capabilities of the Negro race.—
 Their present actual inferiority in many respects,
 comparing them as a whole with the lighter colour
 ed portion of mankind, is too evident to he disputed;
 but it must be borne in mind that they are not ia a
 fit condition for a fair comparison to be drawn be
 tween the two. Their present degraded state may
 be easily accoonted for by the circumstances amidst
 which Negroes have lived, both in their own country
 and abroad. Ifa single instance can be adduced o
 an individual of the African race exhibiting a grains
 which would be considered eminent ia civiliaedEuro
 pean society, we have a proof that there is no incom
 patibility between Negro organisation and high in
 tellectual power. But it is not one alone, but many
 remarkable cases of this description that are brought
 forward in the present volume, which include* up
 voard* of 150 Biographical sketches of Africans or their
 descendants, besides Facts and Anecdotes, Testimo
 nies of Travellers, Missionaries, be., the whole
 forming a complete "Triecte for the Negro,”
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un
 founded calumnies which have been heaped on the un
 fortunate race of Africa, proving them to be endowed
 with every characteristic constituting their identity
 with the great family of Man, and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst which
 are" life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,” any
 infringement on which is a daring usurpation of the
 prerogative and authority of the Most High.
 The work will be rendered additionally interesting
 by AN APPROPRIATE INTRODUCTORY POEM,
 written purposely for the occasion, by Bernard
 Barton. It will also be enriched by the addition
 of a beautiful engraving, from a painting presented
 to the London Missionary Society, representing two
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidence before a
 Select Committee of the House of Commons. The
 Africans are giving evidence, Dr. Phillip i 9 seated
 in the foreground, and James Read, sen. and jun.,
 Missionaries from South Africa, are standing, the
 latter acting as interpreter. The volume will also con
 tain portraits of
 CiNquE, the Chief of" Amistad Captives.”
 Jan Tkatkoe, Christian Chief of the Amakosx
 Tribe, Sooth Africa.
 J. W. C. Penington, a highly esteemed Minister
 of the Gospel, of pure African extraction.
 Frederick Douglass,the fugitive slave.
 OLAUDAH EqUIANO, orGUSTAVUS Vassa.
 Engraved on steel by first-rate Artists. Also a fac
 simile of the writing of Toussaint L’Ouver
 ture, the Black Chief of Hayti.
 The work will be printed in the best type, on fine
 paper, and consist of about 500 pages Bvo., beautiful
 ly bound in cloth, with an appropriate device, form
 ing an elegant volume for the drawing-room table.
 All profits arising from its sale will be devoted to
 i the Anti-Slavery cause; American price, to subscribe
 ers #3; to non-subscribers $4; individuals desirct.-
 of possessing copies will oblige by sending their or
 ders to Wilson Armistead, Leeds; or to the
 North Star Office.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERM
 ARE LOW'.
 REPFBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, Th
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zinc.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, aiu
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgl
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great partie
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; tin
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The “North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having beei
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, sino
 his death, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Iti
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.]
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will bt
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers o
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets o
 that work, by which we shall be able to place tlx
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before an)
 Sortion of it can be reprinted in any of the Americai
 ournals. For this and other advantages secured tc
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT It CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 THEftGIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1896—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 8300,000 —Benjamin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continue, lo make insurance oa lives, grant
 ammnies and endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute theta agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a boons at stated periods to
 the insurance lor tile, and on the 20th of January
 bast, aa addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issnad prior to /unary Ist,
 *842, amottruing to lO per cent, oa the sum insured
 in polities issued in 1837; 7k per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of aa tnsuraaee for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party iasur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will ha soon am exam mat ton of the
 tabic of rates of the life insurance, which will he
 famished by the subscriber to all who may feel aa
 Merest iu the subject, that by paying a small sum to
 the office every year during lua life, a perm may se
 cure to his family a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance in properly
 nndemood, it is nieasiydy adopted, and iu greet
 advantages to all, but saora aspocujly to ihoye who
 depend ua their own exertions for the support of their
 fem.bra, or who muy be drairioM to serum the pay
 ment a i n sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 children,at their deeeaae, which they might he oth
 arwite enable to acenmplfeh, that
 system needs hut to be explained to eaawe the aeri
 ous consideration of the puhlir
 taaces it has happened that the party
 muwed hna died shortly afterWhjpeid unlyane
 or taw instalments oftW prami^/when his family
 have motived frstn this office the Uk far
 which he had ummwd.
 Fell mfiwmnUoa on this impart sat subject may be j
 Ssnf Sab'fa: sl ■slxs 1
 Sftot ef the Girard Life CwraCoraalT
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
 W** H J? PP Tnilar, Ml Bead
 wnv. Alsonuexirnstveut rtmwrof Cravats,
PROSPEECTUS OF THE
 inrrkii rirtislsgksl
 0- ft. roWLIR, KDITOft.
 T'O reform aad perfect cerahrM ud.« imc, if
 A ike mom naked of all work*. Yet, to do db* we
 M ■ntferstand the Hn» Vomntiintnm. This
 rWponfert Physiology ■Mi Vital Mufietim cm
 brace, aad wore expound aU the bw« of oar being,
 e—diiioai at hanpiursi, and comrOt the ifeihir
 phcr's itoar of Universal Troth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each namber will contain cither the inuhtbi atd
 localioa of tome pkrenolog ical fecuhv, illostaated by
 au Engraving, or aa artical on their combinatiod*:
 aad aim the organisatioa and rharwrter of mate rfis
 tiagmsked personagt. arrompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I* Life, The great iantnant of talent fir
 tae aad happiness, all of which it ai«meat». To ita
 perwmtioa aad restoration, special aitentioa will be
 given*
 MAGNETISM.
 With prattnl instruction, interesting farts, and
 choiee truths which it unfolds, will be pretested in
 this Journal.
 10UNG MEN.
 kk**' l M* *l*7 «ynj, the influence thet can
 an P**f*retion for conducting oar insti
 tution?!, will form the theme of a senes of article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oamestly, ant! would not strife
 assiduously, to cultivate his natnral powers, and
 render himaeit better and more happy! To sod.,
 each number will be a prompter and trxt-houk.
 TERMS—invariably in adrauce—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEtR
 SAMPLE NL MBERS of this Journal will be
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letter* aad orders most be
 POST-PAID, and directed hi
 FOW LER It WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York

 WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Faskionabie
 Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will seD cheap for cash. Strict attention
 Cto custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
NORTH AMPTONWATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 rIE public are respectfully informed, that sine
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr
 Means, of Emorv College, Ga., and tbe'seientifi
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* hav
 recently and indubitably established the fact, tha
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived b
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony witl
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that th
 human body, in a lieaJtby condition, ia in a jtonbv
 electrical state and that the electrical emanation
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or th
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is soro
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant c
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge c
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practic
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferation
 against the positive electrical state of th
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade thou
 whom they nave failed to relieve of their complaints
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Nurthamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the ligli
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted her
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where th
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negntiv
 condition, the patient is beyond tlie power of watp
 to afford relief. On tlie other hand, when the part
 of tlie body alluded to, are in tlie electm-positiv
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hop
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practic
 already convinced tlie public of the safety or trutl
 fulness of the principles by w hich the undersigned i
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and rharacu
 of disease, and practising tlie cure, the recent sciei
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Profess*
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convim
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Pract
 tioner, by a discerning public, and die gratitu*
 evinced hy those whom he lias had the pleasure I
 relieve of their complaints, die undersigned wi
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and mer
 that gratitude, in the case of evenr invalid who ma
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by h
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly siti
 ated neaur Bensouville, on the west hank of Lickin
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mik
 from the centre of the town. It is convenient!
 arranged, widi separate parlors, bathing and dresi
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging moms, an
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, fc
 abundance, purity, and adapted ness to water-cur
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. Tlie scenery in tlii
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, t
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles witLoti
 being exposed to public gaze or observation.
 Among the complaints which are here successful!
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation ofthe bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 rheum, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for t
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves witl
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, tt
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an urn
 breila, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 u
 88 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tlie character of bit
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first and second
 floors, 88 50 per week. Patient* requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their ow n nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price,
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take die cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal aad healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating source* within—an exce*s generally
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so mat
 oat of 856 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be iadis
 peusable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 isgrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A. 34., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, aad Professor of Physical
 Science ui Emory College, Ga., page 25
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber be?* leave to eaH tie attention
 of Invalid*, especially those suffering from
 j chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic Msliuhauot in
 Athol, Mass.
 His home was opened Car the reception of patient*
 last season, and it i* believed offers excellent facili
 ties far aphilosophic and thorough course in hydro
 potty. "W water is abundant, and in
 ptritv has been proooqoced equal to water on a
 di* tilled.” The location is quite eiirikie, heio/ but
 a short distance from the V. fa railroad. The
 vicinity abounds ia a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grueads far walks and rambles. 80 that
 I with the water, satiable ragimea, laoaauia sir, aad
 ni patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results far which they labor
 Tba following ease diastrai** this temark. Mrs
 B. wife of lha. B.* of Warwick, Mass., aged,
 abort thim-kve years, was brooght to we but,
 i b|rt. Her ease pmaaled dm fallowiag pheao
 mena. If placed ia an erect position, and left u»-
 supported, she forthwith faff backward to the
 fen wad- If hemg wed supported, she made sal
 effort to walk, either font, whaa carried forward,
 &lt;iapu» cfk*u u&gt; the osatrary, would cross the’
 other. She hatf bean w this umdnsoe nearly at
 ymr. Her treatment commeacod the Ukh of Sept.,
 and was coatmnrd to the 23th Oct. uah, when she
 IsA, so far recovered as to be able to ‘waft half a
 mite with ease. Miner her retarn to hrr freed?, she
 has easaiaaed hm hatha, with eenespaadiaj* its
 pruvrwrsl to her health. Hh* aaw aumds to her i
 ft —MW duties, and with the assists ace of a smaJli
 girl, dues ths week of har family,
 Patients ate desired! to bring fame comfortables,'
 ana pnir of woollen blanket*, mm pair of sheets,
 towels marked, with oU linen tori
 Term* from fee to tea daflar* per weak, earned-
 JS to ■""■••ties or choice U the peril at
 Them who am leas ia the seicctiun ei
 rnsaas, sr are wlliag to occupy them in cawasoa
 ••farttyrs. Vill he rtmrjedlaZ?
 Afael, QEOftGE HOkT.
 wegmiaa
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSEB AHD LEGAL
 CURE.
 •Y LYWAWOIt ftPOOMk.
 The Albany Patriot calls is—” A anal pamphlet of
 lftft pages a very luaaikaMe Brotfactioo.”
 •*Whether all ike antieipatiows e f Mr. Sosos er
 would be realised by the fall adoption of his theory,
 we do not here stop’ to enquire; bet we heartily com
 mend hie slideswnr to the satin of si who tore s
 transparent forcible d k-tion—intrepid independence—
 original thought—-and entire freedom from the cant
 of sect or party. Ass jndinal writer, he has a depth,
 a compare, far bryood any one whose productions
 here met mr eye m a long lime.”
 Hunt’s kferdhent’e Magazine says— It abound*
 in hold and original thoughts. The illegal causes of
 poverty are stated, and a number of important propo
 sitions bearing oa the subject laid down; and,on the
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many valuable hints b&gt; the states
 man and political ecnanreiat.”
 The Bangor Gaxettcsays—"An able and certain
 hr original work, from the pen of Lyaander Spooner,
 Esq.—author of dial powerful book which desaon
 strates the uncoostiuiUoMlity of American BUr cry.
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,* This new work is des
 tined to wad to a re-examination of all former sys
 tems of political economyAt first Mush his eco
 nomical proposition* strike ns as sustainable—and if
 they are so, bis work will prevail, and produce aa
 important revolution in the present prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
Hart’s l tgeufclt Extract
 If the only remedy that ran be relied on for the
 permanent rare of Spasmodic Contractions, Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Physical Ener
 gy, and ail Nervous Disorders, including the most
 dreadful of all diseases that affect the human rare—
 EpUepay or Falling Sickets —Hysterical Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasms, he It is well known, that
 from time immemorial. Physicians have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all their
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands nave suffered through a mis-
 I erabir existence, and at last yielded up their live* on
 the Altar of Insanity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in mvmg
 that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, and all others wlio are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which it here offered.
 If it is deception, let r be exposed but if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Extract.— For sixteen years,
 has been tested by many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful ditsa'se, and in every case where
 it lias had a fair trial, lias eflectrd a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states llml
 his daughter has been afflicted with Fits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 stales that she has bren subject to Fits for many
 years, and lias been restored to perfect health (alter
 every other means liad failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 I&gt;r. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alaliama, who is one of the liest Physirians in the
 State, says that lie has been much lienefitted hy the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 conies under his knowledge.
 Curtis (i. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at I.ime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., uow living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many years past he
 has been sorely- afflicted with Fits, and he is now
 happy to Btate that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound heakh,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New Y ork, states that
 Mr. Chas.H. Boughton, a member of his family lias
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s -Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perfect lieahh, and left this city for the State of
 1 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty vears, states
 that he lias used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that he hopes
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and si*
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of the son of
 Wni. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years anti six mouths.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and wan cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract. —l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted die most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. 1 remained there three months
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that my eon’s case was hopeless,
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home in the month of
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 as when I left, I saw your advertisement in one of
 the New York papers, and conclude^to try Hart's
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 •ertilicates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you 1 am not
 sorry I did so, as by rite use of Hart's Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now before him of life, health and useful
 dess. He is now 28 tears of age, and 27 years 0
 months of this time has been afflicted" with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is uow
 enjoy iug good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as I here enclose you one hundred doLars,
 I have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude still
 owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
 on the debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 Is reference to the almost miraculous efficacy ot
 this truly wonderful medicine, lead the following
 letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of the most eminent physicians in that place:
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1846.
 Brother laborer in the cause of humanity—Dear
 •ir: It is with no small degree of pleasure that I
 am enabled to announce to yon the complete triumph
 of your invaluable medicine in cases of Ea»lcp«y.
 hare prescribed it in four instances iu this vicinity',
 awl it has been highly successful in ail. Tb*e
 the patients, I trust, have been radically cured.
 Ihe f-Mirth one is rapidly improving, and will, I
 ihsuk without doubt recover. 1 am not in tbs babtt
 of prescribing or recommeudiuit potent ~i rf ii.
 fait when I see an article whi«h pumitemo much
 for tfe relief of suffering banaaify, I fe*f my duty
 to recommend it, and I have no he»»utiin in say
 ing that as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
 with the real merit of vow "medicine, they will
 clone their eyes against prejudice and lent! you a
 helpinz hand.
 I -tsembe myself tours, sincerely,
 (Uigiwd) W. L. MONROE, M. D.
 To Dr. 8. Hart, New York-
 THE TIME 18 NOT FAR DISTANT
 When thousand* who are Its Iremliliim under
 the hand of this dreadful disease, and (raring that
 every attack way prove fatal, will fflul arfWMMMWt
 relief and be restarted to new life, by tmiac this
 celebrated medicine.
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 Have here received in testmumy of the Beneficial
 reeuk prmkieed by the use ef Dr. Hart’s YcMta-
 QCk- Prepared by M. HART, M. D., New Ytwk
 Price, one package 60
 Do fear packages 16
 Do eight packages Of
 *arrfadlfpa«h«wl sp j* hexes for trans
 pertauon, and sand U&gt; any part of ifcw fasted
 state,. Texas, Mexico, and C.I ladies.
 THOMAS It MILS, 160 Main street dm
 cinoßfi, Ohio, Geaeral Agents fee tbs Cans if
 Stairs, to wbusn all nuaniumiims tmmi be ad
 formed Pest Paid.
 A 8 &lt;on T William 8l
 U. S' W*, lh.lw.Mi nr.
 5* 117 Mam street Buffalo,
 l-x* kO. H Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 Mflhsaukie Ww/
 1-i Kami, aad Os., Chicago lit.
 Ded’Mtaasa, Pdbaas'tsss.
 SSEgtt*.-.
"
