"FREDERIC* DOUGLASS, _
 M. R. DEI.ANY, SwWM
VOL. I. NO. 48.
The NORTH STAR to pabltohe* erery
 Friday, tt No. U, Bafalo Htreet*
 (OppntAU tkt Atr&lt;idf.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per anuum, ahtayt to adt**'*- No
 tuhtrripli mi will he reo for a term
 •ix month*.
 A&lt;leerti»ftnent« not tt« lit** insert®"
 t'lree tit*M foe *me dAjr; *ri-ry wthoeqit**"* ,n er
 tioo, Urenty-fiv* rent*.
 The Olwert of tlie North Star will t* ltark
 SuflET in nil it* forma awl aspect*; advocate
 L'nirmtAL Emancipation; exult tl*e aiarHlari.
 of Forlic HaRtUTTi pr«M»t&gt;t* the i«wr*l and i»-
 t-Herloai improvement &lt;»f the t olorfd PKOM.E,
 and hMuro the day of FREEDOM u. the Tanar
 Mti.Lio.aa of our Ea*L*rr.i&gt; Fruoar Coca-
 TRivir.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 tyy&gt; All cotnmu’iiealion* relating to_ the bun**s*
 m tttrrt of ihe paper, name* of «M»crtber», remit
 -11 »ceM, should lie addressed to John Dick,
 Publisher.
 &gt;j» Agents, and all others sending name*, are
 e &gt;'jetted to lie accurate, an I gi v e tlie Post Offis*,
 he Onctty, an 1 the Stott. Each Subscriber t* im
 mediately credited far money received.
 (£J*'A'iy pertain tending in ti*e payment for four
 a-ileicrihert, to lie f &gt;rwarded to one addresa, may
 have a fifth coyv for on&gt;* year. _
 (O* All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
 US I OF AGENTS.
 MaSlachcsktts.—R. F. Walnut, 21, Corn hill.
 Boston; NathnnJohnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 Fost r, Lowell; Janes N. Butfum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester; Ihnirne Spooner, Plymouth;
 C'larles 11. Set i, Spri igfield David Buggies,;
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, L pton.
 Maim r,.— Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vr.a«oit.—Rowland T. Robiuaon, North rer-
 Cosx kcticut. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New Hampshire.—Weare Pappan, Bradford, j
 New York.—Sydney H. Gav, 11-, ,Vt.-sau.
 Street- Ja n&lt;&gt;, McCune S nitli, 9S, West Broadway;
 Joseph Poat, Weatbnrv, Queen Countv; MarvHar-j
 p»r, Albinv; Elias I) ,tv, Macedon; U illetts We,
 Peni, Clinton Countv; U dlmm S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jc.drey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rrtour, Isi.asi). —Atnnranry Paine, Providence.
 Pe.sssvlvavia.—J. M. M’Ki:n,3l, North f iftli
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W Goiues, 8, Exchange
 Pla~e, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Win. Whipper,
 C &gt;lu nbin; Isaac R ,b?rts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,]
 New Brighton. _
 OUto.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat-1
 •on and Gaines, Ditt Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veva'tirgh, A'arret Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 MlCHloAS.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 IsDlAKA.— Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
Selections.
“POPULAR SINS.”
 A TREE SOIL SERMON FOR THE TIMES.
 By John T. Sargent.
 Woe unto him who buildeth Ins hou«e by unright- 1
 eousness and his chambers by wrong.—Jeremiah
 xxii: 13.
 There was some point, certainly to
 the practical satire of the ancient phi- j
 losopher, who is represented as going j
 about the world, with a lantern, seeking j
 for an honest man. It implied that the
 world was so far gone in the darkness
 of its intrigue, that scarcely by torch
 light could a strictly upright individual
 be found. It implies that honesty is
 not a very common or popular virtue,
 and of this our daily experience gives
 but too plain assurance. The denunci
 ation of the prophet in our text is capa
 ble of an application, however, beyond
 the knavery of individuals. In every
 enlarged or Christian view ol the sub
 ject, the admonition might as well ex
 tend to the acts of communities, cor
 porations, or the country at large, for
 these are but the aggregate of the indi
 vidual passions.
 The dishonesty of the individual is not
 the only evil to be considered, nor is
 tie dwelling-house of the individual the
 only house that is “built by unright
 eousness.” There is, perchance, here
 and there, the counting-house,
 the custom-house, the gambling
 house,” and the house of ill-fame”
 the meeting-house, the distil
 h &gt;use,” the state-house,” the sen
 ate-house,” and the house of repre
 sentatives”—all of which might come
 in for a share of the warning and the
 woe here pronounced, just so far as they
 may lack the principles of an uprighl
 morality or an even justice in their acts
 or their organization.
 The expedition of Diogenes, it U
 said, was unsuccessful. It would prob
 ably have been equally so at the pres
 ent day. Indeed, we have reason tc
 doubt whether he could have gone far
 amid the crowd of cheats that infest our
 land, in high places and low places,
 without having his very lantern stolen,
 or his lamp blown out, so many are they
 who love darkness rather than light,
 because their deeds are evil.”
 Southey, in his life of Wesley, does
 indeed relate rather an extreme case ol
 a conscientious individual, who used to
 buy a penny’s worth of parsnips every
 week, and on them, and them alone,
 with the water in wliieh they were
 boiled, lived for some time, that he
 might save money enough to pay his
 debts! Rare virtue that, surely! and
 how many, think you, are conscientious
 enough uow, to practice such an ascetic
 self-denial as living on parsnips fot
 honesty’s sake? Very few, I will an
 swer for it, and for one such case ol
 scrupulous integrity which subjects a
 man almost to the suspicion of insanity,
 I might p »int out to you twenty-—aye,
 twenty thousand, of those who are
 putting aside their obligations withoul
 any acruple whatever, faring sumptu
 ously every day at others’ expense, cov
 ering their trauds beneath a false plea
 of insolvency, and interposing every
 kind of mean pretence betweeu them
 selves and their creditors. The col
 umns of the daily press tecin with ac
 counts of commercial duplicity and
 •peculation. You can hardly lake up
 the papers of a morning but you shall
 see the startling announcement of some
 disgraceful forgery or embezzlement,
 the absconding of defaulters, and the
 various conventional etforts to compasi
 the acquisition of property by dishonest
 means. We almost wonder if a single
 day passes without tome new illustra
THE NORTH STAR.
tion of this master passion. And the
 worst of it is, we are coining to be
 quite too easily reconciled to it all—the
 habit has so grown upon us; and, ac
 cording to our prevalent social morals,
 no man seems to stand ranch the worse
 now-a-days, in the long run, for a little
 consummate knavery in matters ol
 business. No very violent ostracism
 awaits him on that account. He may
 walk “on ’Change as erect as ever,
 so almost universal has become this
 j one idea that a man’s self-ipterest, in a
 worldly point of view, must be com
 passed, no matter at what sacrifice ol
 right principle. Nor is this passion for
 j self-aggrandizement, at whatever cost,
 this reconcilement peculiar, as I have
 said, to the individual. It lies no less
 grievously, we fear, at the heart of
 communities and nations—nor can I, as
 a Christian minister, fail to apply my
 i subject in all its legitimate bearings. 1
 must and will protest and remonstrate
 just so far as I may see the code of
 morals in any community becoming un
 christian —just so far as I may witness
 such a prevalent corruption of the na
 tional ethics as might lead the nation to
 build its own power and prosperity by
 the infringement of others’ rights, seek
 ing by its act to excuse or perpetuate so
 unchristian a system as that of slavery,
 or aiming to immortalize the demon of
 war.
 Let us not think that because a na
 tion does a great wrong it may there
 fore escape the righteous judgment ol
 God. Oh no! There is a woe here,
 as in the case of individuals—a woe
 which “eateth as doth a canker” to the
 heart of the nations as to the heart ol
 individuals—the woe of finding that our
 progress is downward and degrading
 just according as we diverge from that
 which is honest and true.
 The same principles apply to nations
 as to individuals in this matter of retri
 bution, and I will ask whether for the
 national soul any more than for the in
 dividual there is or can be any securi
 ty short of virtuous principle and deeds
 of mercy? To do justly, love mercy,
 and walk humbly, is alike the obliga
 tion of nations as of individuals. The
 true honor of a people is to be found
 only in deeds of justice, the diffusion of
 knowledge, the culture of peace. But
 how stand we now before the na
 tions and before the world?—branded
 and upbraided as a band of"pirates,
 usurpers and traitors, for so they have
 called us. For the last two years the
 newspapers have been dripping every
 day with the bloody intelligence of ty
 ranny—our armies knee-deep in the
 red tide of battle, thundering with our
 cannon at all the gates of the Mexi
 can cities, (God knows for what,) and
 with our iron heels on the panting
 breasts of more than three million
 slaves—God knows how long!—and so
 by our duplicate oppressions, carrying
 the stringent hoop of our abominations
 clear round the body of Christ! Oh, I
 tell you it is a monstrous iniquity! And
 how can we fail to see and deprecate
 the deeply interesting, the inevitable
 connection between our present action
 and its ceming consequence. The
 fates are just”—as one of our own poets
 has said—
 The Fate* are just. They give us but our own;
 Nemesis ripens what our hands have sown:
 For God still overrules man’s schemes, and takes
 Craftiness in its self-set snare, and makes
 I The wrath of man to praise him.”
 j In the annals of nations, we have
 seen how Rome, in her grasping career
 of conquest, carried her triumphal car,
 laden with the trophies of all climes
 clear round the globe, and then fell at
 last, crushed beneath her own chariot
 wheels; —how Corinth was smothered
 beneath the weight of her luxuries;
 how Carthage came to be the prey ol
 suicidal factions; and by what reversion
 of law can we hope for exemption from
 the same tragical end, if we go the
 same tragical way Believing as I do
 in the necessity of a loftier Christian
 morality in society; holding, as I do,
 1 the doctrine that never safely can jus
 tice and right be compromised or se
 parated from the national any more than
 the individual soul, I cannot withhold
 the expression of my concern in this
 crisis. I believe a faithful and dispas
 sionate analysis of our present moral
 'j condition as a people, will reveal to us
 the fact that we are in moral jeopardy
 —that we have in our midst and all
 j around us certain elements of disorder
 which will tarnish what little glory we
 ever had, and take the jewels all out ol
 our crown. Prominent among these
 evils—lying at the root of all the rest,
 perhaps, is that insatiable spirit of ava
 rice which gnaws greedily into the very
 heart of the land. What else is il
 which winds in serpent folds around the
 body of the poor African slave, tt
 1 wrench a dollar more or less out of hit
 1 miserable, toil-worn flesh? What is il
 but this that goes about roaring like e
 j lion, seeking after his prey, crouching
 in every covert of speculation, anc
 ■j thence springing out with hungry fang
 r upon every passing opportunity foi
 i gam? What is it but this that weave!
 like a spider the subtle toil and the
 shining web of a dishonest purpose
 sitting within the secrecy of dark
 schemes for lucre’s sake, concentrating
 the venom of knavery, and still recon
 structing with such endless patience
 and perseverance the broken threads o
 \	he unsuccessful snare? What bu
 this is it, whether in the ambitious ant
 greedy enterprises of a nation, or the
 financial intrigues o! an individual a
 the broker’s be&gt;ard 4 which seeks to “joii
 house to house and land to land,” se
 realizing the woe which is threatenee
 1 upon all such monopoly.
 One of thegyUncholy and momen
 tons symptom#* the day’s disease, i
 the absorption of men, the majority o
 men, in the mere outward and selfish
 1 the material and the perishing; Lhi
 j constraint of tha soul with anxious con
right is OF no sex—truth is of no color— god is the father of rs ALL, AND all we are brethren.
si deration and toil from morning to
 night, aye, and all through the night, a*
 to what are ahall eat and what we shah
 drink, and wherewithal we shall ix
 i clothed. Out of this laboring for anc
 love of the outward, there is every day
 growing an endless and turbulent com*
 I petition, a jostling of separate and per
 sonal interests, invidious discords and
 collisions, the abrasion of oar finet
 1 sympathies, and a fierce warring of all
 j the elements of society, manifest in al
 the relations of business, politics, reli
 gion, and social life. e see this more
 especially in the common struggle for.
 office among us, a struggle which too!
 often gives occasion to the lowest pas- j
 sions and the meanest principles, be*
 cause founded upon the meanest mo* I
 tires; —I mean the love of power, and;
 the love of place, and the emolument*-;
 of place and power, merely for theii
 own sake, without regard for any ma
 jesty of principle by which the duties o:
 the place are to be discharged. What
 is called the morals of trade and poli
 tics, is a mere riddle to a majority oi
 those engaged in them—thrown aside
 as a superfluity. Most men would
 laugh in your face if you were to talk
 to them about discharging the duties o»
 their offige, trade, or position, reli
 giously, morally. Hence, as the emol
 uments of office are the main thing in
 most cases, we see all sorts of places
 scrambled for by all sorts of people, in
 all sorts of ways. Hence the want oi
 harmony and composure we see iu the
 great forces which are agitating and
 upheaving society. They are not con
 trolled by any spirit of unity or assimi
 lation. Jarring, discontent, and unrest
 must of course be the result, where the
 spirit of society and the spirit of Chris
 tianity are at issue. When the angels;
 of heaven and the demons of earth'
 come thus to their wrestling and the
 last grappling, though the issue may be,
 more or less delayed, it cannot be a
 doubtful one. The spirit of righteous
 ness must triumph, and clash as we
 may with our scimetars of worldliness!
 against the “sword of the spirit,” we!
 shall come off, sooner or later, pros
 trate, fatigued, and with the fragments;
 of only broken blades in our grasp!—
 Some future time will reveal the conse
 quences of that fatal struggle and ol
 that resistance we now offer to the
 right, aud, though the end is not yet,
 we may see it in the light of experience
 as if it were.
 In the providence of God, for a little
 while, the unrighteous may seem to
 prevail, while the cause of truth and the,
 companies of the innocent are hindered
 or borne down by oppression; but wait
 God’s time, and watch his workings,;
 and you shall see the tide of battle
 turning gloriously under his majestic
 leading, while the injured are uplifting
 again their broken or falling standards.
 God never yet suffered the righteous
 and true-hearted to be forsaken or per
 ish utterly; and though such may often
 seem to be their fate, smothered be
 neath a load of injustice, yet, sooner or.
 later, God himself will arise in the
 majesty of infallible judgment to re
 deem and to rescue. Iniquity may, in
 deed, triumph to-day, but be assured it
 is only for to-day, and its retribution
 will come rolling in like a thunder
 storm to-morrow!
 Here, for example, is this iniquitous
 and mortifying war in which for nearly
 two years we have been engaged.—
 J Victory upon victory, it is true, has fol
 lowed the aggressive course of our
 arms. Triumphal issues without a par
 allel, have attended the whole progress
 of oih* misguided troops. Our flag of
 stripes—fit emblem of the spirit of that
 people which it represents—waves
 proudly over castles and fortresses, un
 til now deemed impregnable. The
 jewelled furniture of Mexican palaces,
 and the golden crosses of their cathe
 drals, are now mere playthings in the
 hands of our deluded soldiery. Suc
 cess, as they call it, has perched so
 uniformly on our standard, that we
 1 have come almost to believe, in our
 folly and infuriation, that the Lord is on
 our side in this matter, as if the Lord
 could be on such a side! We have
 thrown the lasso of our cupidity clear
 round the glittering prize! But who is
 so blind as not to see that sooner or
 later, in God’s own time, our day ol
 reckoning is approaching To the eye
 of our obscured conscience it may seem
 very distant or invisible, or perchance
 no more threatening than the little
 cloud, no bigger than a man’s hand,”
 which Elijah’s servant saw in the hori
 zon from the summit of Mount Carmel;
 but if God is just, and there is any truth
 in the doctrine of cause and effect, it
 will come towering up and over us with
 the lightning bolt in its bosom, and de
 velop for us, even as did that little
 cloud, all the blackness and terrors ol
 a great exterminating tempest.
 With less than the vision of a proph
 et, I can see something of the forth
 coming melancholy harvest of this war.
 To say nothing of the national debt
 which it entails, the weight of which,
 with all our cowardly fears of money
 pressure, we have scarcely as yet be
 i gun to realize, I see other woes ia the
 prospect behind its dark funeral pall.—
 The troubles which are coming out oi
 it to-day, the immediate trials, the fa
 tigue, the expense, the loss of life, th&lt;
 bereavements, the mothers’ and wid
 ows’ tears, these poor leturning crip
 pled soldiers and their bloody rags, an
 not all nor the worst. The most la
 me stable of all the consequences grow
 ing out of it, is the degradation of ou
 moral sense, the depreciation of ou
 standard of right. As another has said
 the people are demoralized wit boo
 i knowing it. Their standard of char
 rjacter sinks— the moral tone of thei
 j discourse becomes lees firm and true
 i! their principles grow lai and conveo
 jtiimaL The effect is but the more de
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1848.
i
 plorable that it is insidious. Men slide
 off from the position which they once
 held, and with an accelerated speed
 tend to that place of morality on which
 the opinions and practices of the world
 attempt to meet the commandments ol
 God—not, however, by changing their
 own character a as to harmonize with
 those commandments, but by interpret
 ing the revelations of duty which are
 given through Conscience and through
 Christ, according to the maxim of ex
 pediency license ot equivocation
 and compromise. This is the moat dial
 astrous blight which war cun ever cast
 upon a land, a blight upon the inoral
 perceptions and sensibilities of a people
 —worse than defeat in arms, worse
 than commercial embarrassment, worse
 than poverty, wowe even than political
 servitude, for a nation Would better re
 main faithful to God, though it lose its
 civil liberties, than retain its political
 institutions at the expense of its loyalty
 to the divine principle of rectitude.—
 Better lose anything than lose charac
 ter. It is as true of a nation as of an
 individual. Power, prosperity, liberty,
 is nothing without virtue. W hen,there
 fore, we see a country deteriorating in
 character beneath the infliction of war.
 we are justified in saying that the great
 est curse which even this demon evil
 can shed upou it has taken effect.”
 I go on to say that we shall not be
 long in learning that anguish and wail
 ing and disappointment are in reserve
 for us out of this conflict. The terri
 tory which we have wickedly won
 seems already bristling with dragon’s
 teeth. Briars and thorns will grow out
 of the soil which our brothers have
 moistened with their own blood or the
 blood of their brethren. All the nation
 will have gained there will be a grave
 yard, where the serper.t shall hiss and
 the wild-bird shall scream. The ban
 ners we have borne along through strife
 over that bleeding and desolate land,
 will be, as it were, the winding-sheets
 of our warriors, and the eagle which
 surmounts them seems even now chang
 ed into a vulture to prey only on their
 hearts. And after all, what more or
 less than this can we expect if to irre
 sponsible, careless, or impulsive men.
 we delegate scr responsible a power as
 that of making war. Let me say,
 further, touching the motives of the
 people as to the chief office within their
 gift, it is by no means an auspicious
 omen which, of late years, has been
 presented, the disposition of the peo
 ple to select for that station military
 chieftains, and chiefly because of their
 military prowess, their having won a
 battle more or less—thus making the
 office little better than a gladiatorial
 prize. We may possibly find we are
 doing this thing once too often. The
 principle is every way an objectionable
 one. We may well question the expe
 diency of elevating any mere warriors
 of the time—
 Those pagod tilings of sabre sway,
 With fronts of braes and leet ol' cay,*’
 as another has well called them, for in
 all probability their “feet of clay will
 not support them squarely on their pe
 destal, while their “front of brass” may
 come tumbling ruinously down upon our
 own fronts!
 The scripture saith something as to
 the probable consequence of casting
 our pearls before swine; they may
 trample them under feet, while
 they turn again ar.d rend us, and so in
 the history of past republics governed
 and grieved so b) their tavorite military
 chiefs, who turned at last and trampled
 on the very people by whom they were
 raised into power, we may probably
 read a lesson of caution. It is not all
 a fable how the idols so elevated with
 their “fronts of bass” have become all
 brass, and towered up into a monstrous
 and overwhelming tyranny. It is not
 all a fable that some of those rulers
 who begin by fighting for the dear peo
 ple, have ended by fighting against
 them. The story of their blasting and
 blood-thirsty ambition is long euough
 and sad enough without our adding an
 other volume or chapter to the tale.—
 It needs no supplement to be drawn
 from our experience. Let it have none
 such. Let us rather seek, it it be not
 i too late, to prove ourselves an excep-
 I tion to the general history of republics
 in their decline and fall. Happy for us
 will it be if there is nothing in our
 present tendencies giving indicalion ol
 our positive decline. It may be that
 the mountain of our prosperity staudetfa
 strong as some deluded men are apt tu
 think; how can it be so, resting as it
 does, on the scarred backs ot our en
 slaved fellow-creatures, is past my com*
 prehension to understand.. The cau
 tion is ever timely, and quite as appli
 cable to nations as to individuals.—
 I "Let him that thinketh he standeth
 take heed lest he fall.” Though we
 have planted our cloven feet and bloody
 fla on the top of the Cordilleras, it u
 by°no means so certain that we can
 keep our balance there. Pride com
 eth before destruction and a haughty
 spirit before a fall;” and the fall i»
 'the inevitable consequence of the
 i haughty spirit, then verily we are fai
 i gone out of our upright position, for we
 are haughty enough, heaven knows!-
 If we were not, how, in conscience
 could we stand before the world sc
 long, trampling on the right* ot tbi
 teak and U»e enslaved, when other na
 Too. have emancipated theirs? Of i
 truth, our position betore God and tut
 j universe is shameful in the extreme
 Why, even the poor Mexican genera
 pota to shame our boasted Cbrntianitj
 ■I and civilisation by the very script*,
 j which be places at the end of h.s offi
 eial documents and predamation*.-
 AND LIBERTY!—
 ST GOD AND LIBERTY! Thiol
 Of that, ve oppressors, who lookup*
 IbMlbm! And w*—whit ihouU «n
place at the ead of oor documents aac
 i declarations of independence now to be
 consistent Judging from the unifora
 j antithesis which has characterized oui
 1 relations to that oppressed people, see
 ing that all our policy is antagonistic tc
 i theirs, it would be—ves, it could onlj
 be this—instead of God and Libertv—
 THE DEVIL AND SLAVERY!*!-
 Are those our Gods? Is that our mot
 to? Heaven forbid! 'aud yet how car
 we escape the imputation of this hate
 ful idolatry so long as we compromise
 Jpo with these notorious wrongs? Sla
 very! Oh how shall I speak ot it? You
 have had so many expositions of it«
 evils from this pulpit, that any details
 of that wrong by me may seem super
 fluous.
 I will only say of that, as Satan ii
 the father of sin, so slavery is the par
 ent of all our social troubles; the
 fruitful mother of all abominations, the
 darkest shadow of all in the gloomy
 procession of proof that this nation is
 ungenerous and oppressive. I say the
 darkest shadow of all is slavery, be
 cause this lays the iron grasp of its
 withering hand not only upon the out
 ward man, his actions, and liberty, and
 limbs, but on the inward spirit of its
 victims, defrauds them of all intellect
 ual and spiritual force, wipes out almost
 the inscriptions of Almighty God upon
 their souls, and scribbles in their place
 the base ideas of brute force under
 hopeless inequalities. It tramples on
 the mounting fires of the slave’s intel
 lect, denies and damns the inspiration
 of God therein, vetoes the magnani
 mous declaration which says, all men
 are crented free and equal,” and flings
 contempt upon the collateral sentiment
 that life, liberty and the pursuit ol
 happiness are the inalicnble rights ol
 all.”
 1 know it is common for the South,
 in vindication or palliation of that atro
 -1 ciou9 system of theirs to say—pointing
 i to the North and to the depressed con
 dition, as they think it, of our laboring
 classes “Physician,' heal thyself;
 and it may as well be confessed, we de
 serve the rebuke just so far as the poor
 among us are overlooked or forgotten,
 just so far as an unrighteous mo
 nopoly, or extortion, or social exclu
 sion crowds them out of our sympa
 thies—just so far as they are oppressed
 or constrained by insufficient wages for
 their work—just so lar as by any self
 ish or unjust habits of trade they are
 brought low or made miserable. Do
 you say there are no such habits? Not
 Ito mention others, I will ask what
 means this wicked traffic in ardeut
 spirits still continued here at the North,
 and so akin to slavery at the South, by
 which so many are building their house
 I by unrighteousness, and by which
 j countless multitudes all over the land
 are hurled down to wretchedness every
 day? Will you call this just—this—
 j to steep the brains of our fellow-crea
 tur s in liquid fire, to strike them blind
 and take away their intellects, and pa
 ralyze their immortal powers and phy
 sical strength only that we may steal
 their purses the more subtly and the
 more surely? This just!—to cast the
 cloud of death over reason, to stultify
 the judgment, and then, when our poor
 I brother is reeling and sick, and ready
 to fall in the pit, to rob his mourning
 family of their last poor mouldering
 j crust! Oh, is it just— this —to pour
 out upon the land so the whirlwinds of
 our iniquity aud selfishness, those tor
 rents of our torment, while thousands of
 the widowed and fatherless are sending
 up their ceaseless and sharp wail from
 its oeep and yawning depths? Oh, is
 it just?
 Ah, friends, there is a debt written
 against this nation such as I fear can
 be cancelled only by blood and tears at
 I the last—a debt written out upon the
 i anguish-riven souls of the enslaved—a
 debt recorded as by a pen of iron upon
 the spirits of the oppressed—a debt
 such as the slaveholder will poorly pay
 when lie has filed off the iron chain
 from the African’s wrist —a debt which
 the rutnsellcr must answer for in the
 sight of God, when he can, as he can,
 if he can, in behalf of the poor drunk
 ard who entered his grave through the
 4oils of that traffic. The score is a
 long one and a black one, but it must,
 it must be wiped out as we hope for
 mercy or peace
 We owe to this land, then, let me
 sav to every individual in this land, the
 blessed boon of liberty, the love ol
 which God stamps on every soul as its
 prerogative, and if we do not give it,
 then, I say, the land is doomed; yes,
 4 doomed sooner or later to wear the very
 fetters which it forges! We owe tc
 this land temperance and peace, uni
 versal peace and universal temperance,
 and so long as drunkenness throws the
 wide o'ershadowing curse of our de
 gradation or ingratitude up to the heav
 ens, and so long as slavery belies and
 ‘contradicts the liberty of which wc
 boast, and so foeg as war makes havoc
 of all our comforts and goodly affec
 tions, so roust there be for us only
 weeping, and wailing, and woes, the
 more to be realized the further we ad
 vance.
 If one act of charity coaid but covet
 and cancel a multitude of sms, then
 would there seem to be some hope ol
 America yet, for she did one goodthtnjj
 awhile ago, when she sent her btscui!
 v and corn to famishing Ireland; and yet
 look you at her inconsistency! Withu
 that seme year, aide by aide with the
 I deed of benevoleoee, simultaneous!)
 r with this mission of our loaves end oat
 ,»lore to starving Ireland, nets af aggros
 sioa were eomnutted hy ua r and are sui
 sanctioned and persevere# in, toward)
 another nation, which make this bouotj
 t of Mend on the waters” liula bettei
 (ban a bloody gift! and what an ioeon
 I groby is here! How shall we recon
 i' rib or oecoont (or jt Out, riribxoi
 rkflO; i*v4 4
people should be dealing out, at thi
 same time, to one nation the means o
 supporting life, to another the means o
 destroying it; to one nation bread, t&lt;
 another bullets; cargoes of corn to one
 the contents of the cannon to another
 a discharge of grain here, a discharge
 l of guns there; meat in one direction
 ammunition in the other; food in th&lt;
 left hand for one suffering nation, “fin
 brands arrows and death” in the rigb
 hand for another!
 There is inconsistency here which I
 for one, find it hard to reconcile witl
 the national honor, to say nothing o
 Christian principle. The lights am
 shadows of the picture are so strangely
 intermingled, the sky is so overcast
 the landscape in our perspective is s*
 dark, that 1 scarcely know bow to 100 l
 upon it otherwise than as a gloom)
 scene.
 What amount of woes are yet in stor&lt;
 for us I know not, but this I know, that
 the only redeeming grace in the aspect
 of our times, is the earnest, consistent,
 unflinching remonstrance of true-heart
 ed men and women against all the
 forces of oppression and wrong-doing
 that are struggling so bard to desolatt
 and blast the nation. It is the convictior
 coming out of the many-voiced utter
 ance of peace-loving souls that wur—
 all war is unchristian, and that slaver)
 must not and shall not be sustained oi
 extended among us. It is the stead)
 and uncompromising spirit of self-de
 nial with which all true men and wo
 men stand by the right now, their right
 human right, come what will—suffering
 everything, sacrificing everything, loi
 the sake of the broad and generom
 principles of individual liberty and uni
 versal justice. Trodden down to-da)
 as these principles may seem to be
 they will yet rise and react, and be glo
 rified with a freer course to-morrow.—
 Every day we see the infallibility o
 that law which dethrones, sooner oi
 later, the minions of intolerance, out
 puts in their place the champions o
 right. Stand as they may to-day in the
 high places and pulpits of the land, the
 antagonists of reform will only live tc
 find their occupations clean gone to
 morrow. The places which once knew
 th m will know them no more. The
 cause of right, which never yet went
 backward, will confront them and force
 them to abdicate. They who fight
 against philanthropic truth or the
 rights of humanity, though encased iri
 golden armor, must fail and fall, be
 cause they fight against God. The
 mortification of failure will take posses
 sion of their spirits, as the hungry ral
 on the Island of St. Helena ran awa)
 with the embalmed heart of Napoleoi
 at midnight. While, on the other hand
 the single-hearted champions of a righi
 principle, though encompassed with dif
 ficulty, though arrayed in sackcloth,
 though borne down or against the wall
 by the.bayonets of prejudice, though
 harrassed by multiform oppositions, will
 gain, and keep, and consummate their
 victory in God’s own time. It may nol
 be to-day, but in their patient working!
 there is the ever-living hope of a mil
 lenium! and while with their lips they
 utter the benignant prayer, Thy
 kingdom come,’ we may see the pro
 mise of its coming in the kindling
 and gracious energy of their words and
 deeds.
THE BOSTON MOB OF 1835.
 Since the discussion relative to Mr.
 Van Buren’s pro-slavery, considerable
 interest has been excited in reference
 to the mob of property and standing,”
 which put down the meeting of the Fe
 male Anti-Slavery Society. We there
 fore republish, from the Boston Atlas of
 Oct. T 2, 1835, the following account of
 the affair. It is an interesting narrative,
 and serves to show the strong Ami-
 Slavery character of the Atlas, in that
 day. —Boston Republican.
 Proceedings in the cave or Wil
 liam L. Garrison. —The abolitionists
 succeeded in producing another distur
 bance in our city yesterday. After the
 appearance of a succession of inflam
 matory articles in the Liberator, highly
 insulting to the feelings of a great ma
 jority of our fellow-citizens, attacking
 with a frantic maliciousness their char
 acter and motives, manifesting an inso
 lent defiance of public opinion, and a
 determination to persist in braving it—
 a notice was yesterday issued, that the
 Female Anti-Slavery Society would
 bold a meeting that afternoon, when it
 would be addressed by several gentle
 men. In consequence of this notice,
 and of the general suspicion that the
 notorious Thompson Would be present
 on the occasion, a large assemblage ot
 citizens collected in froot of the build
 ing, No. 46 Washington street, with
 the determination ol' intercepting the
 foreign felon as he entered the door.
 Soon afterward#, several individual*
 among the crowd went up into the hall
 l of the Abolitionists, and threw out ol
 the window all the tracts and papers ol
 the society, which were speedily des
 troyed by those in the street,
 j The assemblage, in the meantime,
 speedily increased. Several gentle
 i men, at the suggestion of the Mayor,
 look down the sign, bearing the word*
 Anti-Slavery -Room*,’ and threw it in
 to the A reel. It was dashed into i
 thousand splinters by the crowd.
 Atone time we should think t||l
 from four to five thousand persona were
 assembled in the street. The Mayoi
 made his appearance at the portico
 and addressed the multitude .nVbrie
 and judicious speech. He called opm
 j the people to mMm him m the pKMr
 ration of good order, and in mattusm
 mglke supremacy of the laws. Ha
 wn* calculated to eznremsi
 iff** effect, and was received with ap
 jniatmak The crowd however, did m*
 j«NpW* We should not omit to stole,
 I**!)* occupants of the atoms iethi
JOHN DICK. Pc
WHOLE NO-48.
Hcioitjr of the Anti-SUiery rooms, pe«
 it loot'd Ibo Mayor ami Aldermen,
 previous to the meeting, setting forth
 hat their property *a* lu dauger, in
 consequeoee of the general apprvhen
 'ion ol a riot, and praying for protec
 tion. The city authorities did not
 consider themselves empowered to com
 ply with the request contained in the
 petition.
 One word with regard to certain
 imputations which concern ourselves.
 Several persons—abolitionists in dis
 guise, we presume—their names ara
 known—were heard, while the excite
 ment ran highest, actively giving circu
 iation to the report, that (be Atlas had
 been mainly instrumental in getting up
 the disturbance that it was an ‘Atlas
 I mob,* and produced by Atlas inffu
 j ence.* The charge is hardly worth
 i refuting, and it would he utmost pre
 j sumptuous in U 9 to consider tt seriously.
 That we have repeatedly exposed the
 true character and tendency of the
 doctrines of the Abolitionists—that we
 have published the recent development*
 in relation to the career of THE FEL
 •ON THOMPSON, which have been
 confirmed by abundant testimony—that
 we have avowed our unswerving fidelity
 to the Union and the Constitution, and
 opposed all measures, which threaten
 their permanence—are charges, which
 we shall neither attempt to palliate nor
 deny.”
 CHARGE OF ADDI CTING SLAVES.
 I
 John Wilson alius Bynum Thomas,
 was arrested at Baltimore on Monday
 night, in the Philadelphia cars, for at
 tempting to aid six slaves in their es
 cape. It was ascertained that the slaves
 were the property of persons residing
 in Talbot county, and that they had
 been brought to Baltimore in a small
 vessel, belonging to one Captain Heury
 H. Baily. The Captain and a hand
 employ ed on board the vessel, named
 j Charles Andrews, v ere arrested with a
 I man named James Worth, who had
 engaged the captain to do so. Worth
 having been arrested, was identified by
 Andrews as being the man, and the
 agent of the Philadelphia road swore
 positively that upon the night in quet
 i tion, Worth was at the depot, and
 ollered himself as security to the com
 pany if the negroes were ullowed to go
 on to Philadelphia. Wilson is sup
 posed to have been employed by Worth
 to persuade the slaves to abscond.
 The parties implicated were all commit
 ted iu default of $4,000 bail.
 “To persuade the slaves to ah
 scond?” How these editors stultify
 themselves when talking ol the que*ti&lt; n
 of Slavery Is persuasion necessary
 to convince men that Liberty is better
 than Slavery to induce them to prele*r
 manhood to chattelism—to make them
 shrink from torture and aspire to he
 more than beasts of burden—to make
 them abhor and shun the tyrants who
 rob them of all their rights and heap
 insults and injuries upon them Why,
 the wild beast and the reptile will Hy
 from its enemy, or escape, if it can,
 from its torturer will not man do as
 much Has he loss feeling of wrong,
 less love of liberty When his nature
 is reversed, and he loves pain and in
 sult, and bondage, better than delight
 and kindness arid freedom, there may
 be significance in the words which are
 now folly. When the starving rnan
 i refuses food—when the dungeon’s in
 mate longs not for fresh air and ths
 light—when the tortured sufferer clings
 to the rack—when it is sweeter ro re
 ceive hatred than love, —we msy try to
 fashion arguments to persuade slavery’s
 victims, bruised, trampled, wronged as
 they are—to prefer freedom to slavery;
 till then, we think we can find other
 fields for argument, which have mors
 need of labor. The old absurd story
 that the slaves had no desire for free
 dom, lias been to* thoroughly exposed,
 for thinking men to be gulled again by
 it. Editors who wish to maintain a
 decent reputation for common sense
 and common honesty will be cautious
 how they resort to it.
 We still see by this extract that
 mercy is a crime,” in our nation—
 that he who works righteousness is the
 felon, while the oppressor and the rob
 t her of God’s poor is honoured with
 i office and power ;—U shall not always
 be. As God is true, and the progress
 of the universe is onuaid, the tune is
 coming when the Walkers and Torrent
 and Draytons, the slave’s saviours, shall
 wear a crown of honor instead of 10-
 famy.— Penn. Freeman.
 i
 Postsi. Asrogeme.it with GfttaT
 Britain. —The following is said to bs
 the basis of agreement between Lord
 Clanncarde and our minister, Mr. Ban
 croft:
 i 1. Entire reciprocity between the
 two governments in the transmission of
 letters by their respective steamers.
 2. The rates of postage to be uoi
 j f oro &gt;n American or English ateameia.
 3. The British colonial mail to bn
 conveyed through the United States and
 by the American as well as ths English
 steamers.
 4. American mails for Europe, Asia
 •*®d Africa, to be convened by the
 British an well aa the American steam
 ers.
 The retea of postage will probably
 not exceed twenty-five cents on each
 Idler from the Uoitrd States; or one
 shilling sterling on letters lorwsrdrd
 from tne United Kiugdom. By this er
 f] raneement, a letter wailed in sny part
 t of Great Britain or Ireland, and a sbtU
 -I ling paid epoe it there,will be delivered
 in the United State* without charge to
 i the person to whom it is directed. So
 i with e letter seot from th* U. «tetrs;
 by the payment of twenty-five cents
 i tier*, it will he delivered free of charge
 1 r*"
 SWtlM*,,
 e
"
