"mrni for such a movement, hi* highest aim u
 |0 tnm the hark of Sum?, that the allianct
 the cotmn nulls of Lowell, and th.
 r M n of South Carolina and Georgia
 maT be as firm aa ever. If cov- Mentlv wttl
 thl9 paramount object, he can utter some higt
 Ending wools, can during a receae of Con
 a glowing and beautiful nctitenc*
 m Faneutl Hall in rebuke of slavery, bewii
 roaT as gentlelv a* a sucking dove.” Bu
 «mv-ter* know their man, and his prais&lt;
 r.:n from th*" 1 columns of the Sou til Carolin
 j r saving,‘‘Mr. Wmtlurop has behave*
 ;l to the Southern members, lie is a pen
 t;« man and a scholar.” Other mighty mci
 of valor in the Whig Israel might be men
 t;„ned, but they would be found wanting—
 granting even that a few might b* found read*
 t&lt;* a- t up to their recorded vote*, they know
 that the movement would fad from want 01
 support hv those who resolve and re-resolve,
 yet die the same.
 .V short time sines, n resolution was intro
 dneed to the House, in favor of withdrawing
 the troops from Mexico, but it was 'ot-"d down
 by a large majority. Meanwhile war if
 waging, millions of money are being expend
 ed, the columns of every pajier are filled wtili
 accounts of new and frequent scenes of blood*
 shed and rapine, and the great majority of the
 Whigs an- voting aganfet it in the abstract,
 and practically either by action or criminal
 lack of aetion prosecuting it with terrible
 vigour. While the distant din of slavery’s
 battles comes walled on ihe soft South-west
 ern breezes to the walls of the- apitol, the
 greatest question to bn settled, seems to be
 whether Zachary Taylor, the mercenary mur
 derer. who leads the legions of the Tree Re
 public m her base war, or Henry Clay the op
 ;l of emancipation gradual or immediate,
 the wretched man who only lacks the much
 coveted opportunity to slay a Mexican for the
 honor of his country, shall be the next Presi
 dent of the United States. Verily, gTeat is
 canty glorious is hypocrisy! G. 13. S.
 SAB RATH.
 N IXI Bk It THREE.
 To th o Editors of the Xorth Star:
 Gentlemen 1 promised to inquire, how
 far are we bound to keep the Sabbath, under
 the Christian dispensation, or any other day
 answering thereto?” I suppose none will
 deny that the Jews believe themselves to be
 bound to keep the Sabbath to the latest gen
 eration as well, also, as they believe them
 selves bound to keep the covenant of circum
 cision, to separate and distinguish them from
 oilier nations. (Kxo. xxxi. 13—Id Gen
 xvn. 7—ll Lev. xii. 3 John vii. 23 Acts
 x i. 3.) St. Paul said, that (Jesus Christ
 v, hs a minister of the circumcision, for the
 truth of God, to confirm the promises made
 nto the fathers.” And Jesus himself said
 1 am not sent but to the lost sheep of the
 house of Israel.” And that there might be
 no mistake in so important a matter, the
 greatest possible care appears to have been
 taken in the instructions given by Christ to
 the apostles both to the seventy and the
 twelve, that they should “not go into the way
 of the Gentiles,” nor into any city of the i
 Samaritans.” (Mat. x. 5; Luke x. 1.)
 It was not until the personal mission of the
 Saviour was finished, that the command was J
 given, Go ye into all the world, and preach
 the gospe) to every creature.” Thus wesee,
 as St. Paul said, that Jesus Christ was a
 minister of the circumcision.” Ilis mission
 was peculiarly directed to his own people.—
 The Jews, according to the law of Moses, i
 were bound to listen to him and whatever
 alterations or modifications he might make in
 the law, they were hound to observe them.—
 (Deut. xviii. 18—lib) It may also be ob
 served here, that Jesus left the ritual law
 j&gt;erfeetly untouched, as far as His personal
 ministry was concerned, with the exception of
 the instructions he gave to his disciples, with
 regard to the traditionary purifications of the
 Pharisees. (Matt. v. 23, 24.)
 Peter, and the rest of the apostles, appa
 rently kept the law as strictly after the death
 ot Christ as they hail previously done —(Acts
 x\i. 20, 20) —not excepting St. Paul. We
 find, nevertheless, in Paul's epistle to the
 Hebrews, he shows, that the high priesthood
 bong changed, there was of necessity a
 change in the law and also minutely points
 out that alteration. (Heb. vii. 12.) The great
 mistake in this matter appears to be, the
 supposition that the whole of the ritual law
 was abolished, both to Jew and Gentile;
 whereas, a greater mistake could not well be
 made.
 We have shown that all the apostles
 kept the law, ;ls well as all the Jewish Chris
 -tiaas, after the death of Christ; which could 1
 not possibly have happened if they had tin- 1
 rflerstood that the ritual law was abolished.—
 Kven St. Paul, while lie preached uncircum
 ciston to the Gentiles, circumcised Timothy,'
 because one of his parents was a Jew. There j
 can therefore be no doubt that the Jews re—
 maiiied subject to a part of the ritual law and
 although there may be no doubt that they will
 acknowledge Christ, as the Messiah, before
 tbur general return to Judea, they will yet
 n*!*nld the temple and establish the lau r ac
 cording to the prophecy of Ezekiel.
 l*et us now inquire how the Gentiles are
 afT-eted m this matter. All are aware tliaj
 under the Mosaic dispensation, the Gentile
 proselytes had to submit to the whole of the
 ritual law as a matter of coutsc; and the
 Jcu nJi Christians who submitted to it, could
 not easily understand why the Gentiles should
 not continue to do so. Acts xv. 1 Ist Tim.
 b, 7.) This opinion was so prevalent
 among t| K Jews of Asia, that Paul, Barna
 bas ami others were obliged to go up to Jeru
 salem to c onsult with the rest of the apostles,
 to decide whether it ought to be so or not.—
 And according to the testimony of the Holy
 Ghost, it was decided that the Gentiles were
 entirely free from the ritual; —not so w ith the
 Jew*. (Arts xv. 10, 11 Rom. iii. 28 Gal.
 ni. 1,8; Col, ii. 14.) Notwithstanding this
 decision, either the apostles themselves did
 not thoroughly understand ttieir jKitoiuon, or
 were not permitted to explain it which at
 limes rendered their actions liable to miscon
 struction .and even caused disagreement among
 themselves. (Ist Cor. xiu. ti—l 2; Gal. it.
 11 15.)
 We have now to bear in mind that Paul
 was jceeuliarly the apostle of the Gen
 tiles, arid was set apart for that purpose by
 the Holy Ghost, from his conversion. (Aet*
 i* J.», i,ii. 2 We have therefore to re
member, that in his epistles to the Gentiles
 he naturally identifies himself with the partie
 ti whom he is writing and we ought not t&lt;
 j treat him w orse than me would any other au
 i tbor, by extending hi* dictum beyond th*
 t point Mb intended it to reach. It appears fron
 .1 St. Paul's ejnstle to the Galatians, that h
 I preached seventeen yearn among the Gentiles
 I without seeing any of the other apostles, ex
 ,1 eepting Peter and James and it eras seven
 teen years before any explanation took plao
 l between the apostles of tlie circumcision an
 j himself, as to the difference of their dnetmien
 when it was decided, as we have intimate*
 above, that Paul and Bamabaa should go t*
 the Gentiles and tell them, that they wen
 free from the ritual law (Gal. ii. 0.) W*
 need hardly say more upon this part of th*
 subject, except we rrpeat the message shirt
 P Paul and Barnabas had to deliver to the Gen
 tiles For it scemcth good to the Holt
 j Ghost and to u*. to lay upon you no greatei
 i burden than these necessary things. Thai
 ve abstain from meats off ‘red to idols, ant
 from blood, and from things strangled, ant
 from fornication, ftom which if you keep
 yourselves, ye shall do well. Fare ye well.”
 Here then w e have the subject made perfectly
 J plain.
 The Jews were the peculiar or chosen
 people of God, who were to enforce and
 spread the law. as far as it W 33 practicable in
 such a state of things; and the changing ol
 the dispensation did not entirely free them
 from it. But as the Church was about to
 pass from them to the Gentiles, at the destruc
 tion of Jerusalem, the law was necessarily
 abolished in their case.
 Having now ascertained these important
 facts, let us inquire what the apostle of the
 Gentiles says in reference to the Sabbath. In
 the 14th chapter of the epistle to the Ro
 mans, w c find the following One man es
 tecnieth one day above another: another es
 teemeth every day alike. Let every man be
 fully persuaded in his own mind.” He that
 regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord
 and he that doth not regard a day, to the
 G&gt;rd he doth not regard it.” In speaking
 again upon the same subject to the Colos
 sians, he says Let no man therefore judge
 you in meat or in drink, or in respect of an
 holy day, or of the new moon, or of the Sab
 davs.” This evidence is quite conclusive up
 on the subject on which we are writing—the
 Sabbath.”
 The Gentiles are not bound to keep
 it, or any other day of the week in its
 stead. The custom w hich has generally ob
 tained among professed Christians, of keeping
 one day in the week partially as the Sabbath,
 no doubt originated from the custom which
 some of the early Gentile churches adopted,
 of meeting every first day for the purposes of
 exhortation and commemoration of the Sa
 viour's death and there qan be no doubt that
 this custom has been highly beneficial to so
 ciety, and conducive to civilization. But it is
 the loose and unequal manner of its adoption
 w hich has chiefly caused it lo be so beneficial,
 j If wc had been yoked and hampered like the
 Jews, under the traditions of the Pharisees,
 and as the Pharisees of the present day would
 have us, how could civilization have pro
 gressed llow could our ships sail to dis
 tant jKirts, and mankind spread themselves
 over the face of the earth And how* could
 many other works of necessity be done,which
 require continued application? On the other
 hand, if we had had no periodical rest-day
 no day of recreation and instruction, how
 would the working part of mankind have at
 tained to improvement and civilization?—
 1 bus we believe that the custom of a rest-dav
 in each week, which has grown tip in imita
 tion of the Jewish Sabbath, is a highly ne
 cessary and useful custom, and ought not to
 be lightly abandoned. But it is not therefore
 necessary that the law should interfere for its
 continuance. The law never ought to inter
 fere unnecessarily to curtail the liberties of
 the mass, to suit the crotchets of the fanatical
 and hypocritical few.
 This subject may now be safely left to the
 consciences and convenience of individuals.—
 Mankind cannot be made religious by legisla
 tive enactments. Above all, let us remember
 that religion does not consist in outward forms
 and ritual ordinances. St. Paul says: “All
 the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this
 I hou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.”—
 And again, “Love is the fulfilling of the
 law.”
 Let us remember, also, that even under
 the Mosaic dispensation, the Saviour said:
 The Sabbath was made for man, and not
 man for the Sabbath.” In view' of all these
 lacts and circumstances, does our Pharisaical
 and fanatical church believe that a little un
 lawful and unnecessary stringency in regard
 to the Sabbath, will palliate the crying sin of
 American Slavery?
 I am, gentlemen, yours,
 RICHARD SULLEY.
 WHAT PLACES ARE SACRED?
 It is a summer eve, just as the season fades
 into the sere and yellow leaf” of autumn.
 The sky is clear and calm, wiih here and
 there a white streaky cloud moving slowly
 aloug, as if loth to lose sight of the setting
 sun, which is gilding every object with a
 shade of its own inexpressible brightness.
 Not a sound is heard, save the scarcely per
 ceptible rustling of the leaves, shaken bv the
 soft breath of summer; or the gurgle of the
 neighboring stream, as it leaps playfully from
 stone, and then glides with an unruffled cur
 rent, beneath the shade of the drooping
 willow, whose white leaves are reflected on
 its glassy surface. The birds are uttering
 perhaps their last chirrup, before they nestle
 down in calm security, assured of the kind
 protection of Heaven. Everything around
 fe calm, peaceful, and lovely, bearing the im
 press of Him w ho is holy ar,d ineffably bene
 ficent. The voice of God may 1« heard in
 the dash of the hurricane, in the.rushing of
 the whirlwind, in the roar of the thunder;
 but neither of these nor all combined tell of
 him in such heart-thrilling, soul-subduing
 accent* as the still small voice of the summer
 evening. Look around you—what do you
 behold The temple of God! It w w
 building, and worthy of the great Architect; I
 and as you lustra to the w htspered j
 in your soul, which tells you that it the
 house of God, and conjures you to worship
 him, love him, and obey him, —are you .not
 constrained to acknowledge that be is present'
 of a truth—that h« hears that he love*— that
 he will listen to you
 i
Now the scene is changed. It m winter.
 The mow b hanging in while dusters on the
 leafless branches. Silence reigns t round.
 Every footstep (alb sofUy upon the ear. The
 ground a white; the nry cbmbericg up the
 aides of yonder rugged precipice- is clothed ip
 the ssme pure garment; and ever, as the
 passing breese stirs its scattered anna, the
 snow-wreath fails, in soft and notselem clus
 ters. to the ground below. The little moun
 tain rivulet glides along in ha frost-bound
 channel, at intervab entirely buried beneath a
 white crust of ice and snow can again be
 traced winding and turning in a aigxag course
 along the bill-aide, till it is entirely lost in
 one white unvarying mass in the fu* distance.
 In yonder valley-, a body of men, the true
 hearted covenanting sons of old Scotland, in
 broad blue bonnets and huaeti gray,'* have
 assembled. These arc men whose wrongs
 and sufferings fill a dark page in the world s
 history. It is the period when the tlavcr
 houses, the Dalziels, and the Laudcrdales are
 torturing, slaughtering and banishing the best
 and bravest of Scotland's sons and daughters/’
 Listen to that sound which swells upon the
 gale in deep and heartfelt melody They
 are singing their song of praise to that God
 in whom they trust—
 God i* our refuse and oitr atrength.
 In atraita a pmml aid;
 Tberrfore although the earth retnoTe,
 We will not he afraid.”
 They seem to gather firmness and confidence
 with each succeeding stanza; and when, at
 the close of the psalin, they think of the poet’s
 beautiful words, The Lord of hosts is with
 us, the God of Jacob is our refuge,”—the
 calm, settled countenance, determined yet
 subdued, and the glistening eye, turned up
 ward, in devout adoration, clearly tell that
 these words do indeed speak the thoughts
 that are passing in the mind. The idea ex
 pressed is to them a heartfelt reality and in
 such a confidence, they are enabled, even in
 the midst of dangers and sufferings, to par
 take of that peace of mind which passeth
 understanding.”
 Turn yet once more to another feature in
 the world s life. It is a winter's evening in
 a city of the same land of ‘‘honest men;”
 where, although there are many things with
 which it is difficult to sympathise, the mani
 festations of truth and sincerity which abound
 there, must at all times command our respect.
 We enter a quiet respectable
 in one of the streets of that city. The doors
 are shut; the curtains drawn; the hum and
 bustle of the streets has nearly subsided;
 solitary footsteps are passing at intervals; and
 each cart or carriage can be heard, as it comes
 rumbling along. Now the sound is softened
 by the distance. Now it comes nearer!
 nearer Now the jolting of the wheels from
 stone is distinctly heard, as it passes the door.
 Again, it softens, subsides, and dies away in
 the distance. It is the beginning of winter,
 damp—dreary—comfortless. The rain has
 been coming down in cold, dripping, drizzling
 showers during the whole day; and may still
 be heard, as each gust of wind whistles
 through the street, pattering against the win
 dows. The family are gathered around a
 cheerful blazing fire, talking of what has hap
 pened to each during the day—or perhaps of
 some brother, or friend, who is sojourning in
 a strange land. The hour for family worship
 arrives. The well-worn Bibles are produced
 and the psalm is sung; and the portion of
 God's word is read; and the father, whose
 head is sprinkled with the frost of middle age,
 kneels down and the mother, the partner of
 his cares and sorrows—the cheerful sharer of
 his joys, kneels down; and the sons—some
 of them in the vigor of manly youth, kneel
 down and the daughters, young, beautiful,
 full of tender sensibilities, and pure* single
 hearted devotion, kneel dow r n and they all,
 by the mouth of him who is the rightful
 priest in that household, commend themselves
 and their distant friends and relatives to the
 care of that God who careth for the n.
 “In the year 1602, a small body of men
 assembled on the sea-bcacli, at Delft, in Hol
 land.” Let us look at these men!—thev are
 worthy of a moment's attention. They are
 men of quaint attire and slow' nasal speech
 they.are men of sincere, earnest hearts, who,
 not being permitted to worship God in the
 way they think right, have fled from their
 own country to the more liberty-loving shores
 j°f a neighboring state. They have heard of
 a far-off land in the new w orld, and are on the
 eve of embarking for its unexplored shores.
 Savage men are there! savage beasts are
 there a wild and savage country is that to
 to which they are going! Terrible things
 are these, and hard to bear but not so diffi
 cult of endurance as the destruction of their
 faith and their liberty. There the earth, if
 cultivated w ith diligence, will yield them food
 and whatever else may befal, they will at
 least be at liberty to worship God in the way
 they consider the true way—to live well in
 this world, and prepare for a coming eter
 nity. In consideration of these things, they
 i and the brethren whom they were to leave
 behind, in their sincerity of faith and earnest
 ness of purpose, kneel dowrn on the sea-beach,
 the sound of the ocean rolling in their cars,
 and the blue sky over their heads; and all
 join in solemn prayer to God, that he would
 bn merciful to them, his poor children, and
 go with them to that far distant land that he
 would be their protector and their gyide
 there; for he had also made that land, as
 well as the land which they were about to
 leave. Stern, quaint, stiff-looking men
 ‘‘striving against sin,” within and without,
 in your own odd fashion! Oh, there is no
 thing more noble in this our world, than to be
 engaged in such a conflict! We are poor
 creatures all, ever sinning and repenting—
 sometimes in tears and wretchedness Yours
 was indeed a hard task of outward severities
 and inward wrestlings; hut you performed it
 nobly, and the never-ceasing gratitude of all
 future ages will be yours.
 On the 25th of November, (Thanksgiving
 Day,) in the year 1847, in the city of
 the congregation assembling in church,
 met for divine worship; when a sermon
 adapted to the occasion, was preached by the
 minister.” The house referred to above is a
 Urge and handsome 44 place of worship.” It
 is substantially built and beautifully finished.
 The seats sad seat-bocks are ak taahHmcd
 one uniform color; the pews and sales are
 all carpeted and a splendid mahogany desk,
 occupying about one-thud the width of the
 building is planed at one end. A woU-dreas
 rd audience, some of than probably the de*
 l
cendants of Uw oW puritan*, mot there on the
 occasion shore mentioned. A. hyms wu
 read by the minister; and when be had dime
 reading, the deep solemn tones of the orgaa
 discoursed excellent melody. Then a choir
 of pceompbshed singers sang, with the organ
 accompanying, the words which the minister
 had read; a considerable portion of the audi
 j.eisce, during this performance, looking au the
 t wngers. or gaxmg listlessly atoned than, or
 I perhaps observing the dress and demeanor of
 their mnghliors. After this was finished, the
 minister engaged in prayer; the people, fur
 thff most part, sitting at ease in Zion,” on
 their soft cushioned seats —their feet resting 5
 on ottomans and apparently thinking of any
 thing but the prayer in which they were sup
 posed to he engaged. Then another hymn
 was sung. Then a sermon was preached
 w hich, if it might be judged of by the atten
 tion paid to it, was neither very instructive
 nor very interesting. Then, after a peribrm
 -3,1 ice at the end, similar to that at the begin- j
 niog&gt; the congregation separated. Oh, how
 hare the descendants of the ancient Pilgrim
 Father* degenerated! Tell it not in Gath!” j
 God is not confined to temples made with
 hands.”-. They that worship God must'
 worship him in spirit and in truth.” The;
 grana gorgeousness and solemn ceremony of.
 Homan Catholic worship, and the orthodox j
 formalism of modern Presbyterianism and Con- j
 gregalicnalism, he loves not —nay they arc
 abomination in liis sight, compared w ith the 1
 heartfelt devotion of those hill-side and sea-;
 beach worshippers. What renders any place:
 sacred? Not t!ie invocation of thousands of,
 saints and angels, by a Roman Catholic,
 priest, nor any of the varying services of mo
 dern Protestantism. All such services are
 vain, because there is no authority for them
 in the law and testimony.” It is vain, also, i
 to claim for any particular place any superior'
 sanctity, for the same reason. God respects
 neither persons nor placer. Wheresoever his
 people are, there is he. In whatsoever place
 his worship is observed, that is a holy place
 during its observance but to attach any par
 ticular sanctity to any patricular building, let
 let it be used for what purpose it may, is
 surely nothing better than a superstitious
 veneration, ill suited to the professors of an;
 enlightened Christianity. —j. d.
SELECTIONS.
From the New York Tribune.
 FREEDOM OR SLAVERY IN
 CONGRESS.
 Washington, Jan., 17.
 There was a struggle in the House this
 morning, very characteristic of the Law ai*l
 Justice which pervade this “area of Freedom”
 which we are so zealously extending at a cost
 of Fifty Millions a year. I presume the Tele
 graph will not have described it fully, so T will
 endeavor to add a word of illustration
 Mr. Giddings of Ohio, moved a resolution
 of inquiry setting forth that a colored man
 long a resident of this District, a servant at
 Mrs. Spring's where Mr. G., hoards, where
 his wife is also a servant, had an agreement
 with his legal owner, whereby he agreed to
 'pay the latter 300 for his freedom, which
 sum he had paid except $OO, when on Satur
 day last, I believe, two men came iuto the
 house, threw him down, bound him, gagged
 him and carried him off to one of the slave
 traders prisons’ in the city, (by virtue of a
 sale by his villanous master, of course,)
 whence he has since been shipped to New
 Orleans, for sale. This was at once met by a
 motion to lay on the table which was first vo
 ted down—B6 to 84 but on a second trial
 carried—94 to 88. So Congress, the sole
 Legislature of the District, voted that such
 an outrage is not worth even an inquiry, hut
 all regular unexceptionable, and according to
 the legal marolit of the “peculiar institution.”
 I hope this will be the last we shall hear of
 this atrocity.
 Washington, Jan. 48.
 The vote in the House yesterday on the
 atrocious case of Slave Piracy, brought to its
 notice by Mr. G*hidings, will doubtless have
 been analyzed in the Tribune before this let
 ter is received yet I am impelled to offer
 some farther elucidation.
 The outrage could not have been more a
 bominabie if the Slave Coast of Africa had
 i been its theatre and the most atrocious sava
 ges its authora. The victim had made him
 self respected by all who knew him, by his
 quiet industry and diligence in his vocation.
 He had fairly bargained for his freedom, and
 had paid four-fifths of the stipulated purchase
 money, as appears by receipts from his mis
 creant owner on the books of his trustee but
 his wife states that he had actually paid the
 whole price except 11, (having made pay
 ments when his trustee wash way and no cred
 it could be recorded,) and had $6 of his little
 balance in his pocket when the pirates jump
 ed upon shackled and kidnapped him. Two
 weeks more, aud lie would have been out of
 the house of bondage now he is torn from
 all he holds dear, and is on his way in chains
 to wear out the w retched remnant of his life
 in the caue-fields of Louisiana.
 y Now’ the reason why Congress ought to
 have acted on this case is this ;—this whole
 drama of piracy and villany has Iren enacted
 in strict accordance with, and under the erpress
 protection of the laics of the United States.
 The w oman who sold her Slave to himself,
 pocketed almost the last dollar of her price
 for him, and then sold him over again to the
 owners of the slave-pen w’hich carried the
 flag of Polk, Dallas Sc Texas” at its mast
 i head during the last Presidential contest, has
 done nothing which the laws of this “model
 Republic” do not sanction and uphold she
 has merely availed herself of the temptations
 to piracy and seoumlrelism in general which
 those laws create. Mr. GklJings, therefore,
 projiosed a simple and very natural inquiry
 1 into the character of these laws, and the
 proper remedy for the outrages they author
 ize. And this inquiry a House of Keprcscnt
 atives, three-fifths of whom represent Free
 j men only, have voted to stifle and put down
 and among those Representatives of Free
 States w ho voted thus inhumanly, are one
 Wh i?» George A’. Erlarrt, of Pennsylvania;
 the Native, Jyrin two numbers trom New
 i York City-*- Mac/ay and A troll; cmc more
 from our Stat e—Hirdsall, of Broome, who
 represents D. S. Dickinson and Gen. Casa
 three from Maine —F. (’lark, Hammons, and
 Williams two more Locos from Peimsyiva-
 I nia—Brodhcad and C. J. Ingersoli; four from
 Ohid—Cummins, Kermon, Miller and Rich
 ey and three from Illinois Ficklin. Rich
 ardson, and Turner la all. serenteten Repre
 sentatives of Freeman only turned then backs
 upon Freedom, and voted that Rascality and
 Piracy are not deserving of rebuke nor even
 j invinstigation.
 Of course, the Representatives of Slarc
 holders, with the single exception of noble
 i Delaware’s Houston, voted against any inqui
 t ry—it would have been political destruction
 to any of them to do otherwise. They can
 j hardly be 1 darned as the world goes. Bat
 how dude it, an honest reader will inquire,
 that there were at least thirty absentees from 1
 i Free States, and only twefrt from Slave
 States when this important vote was taken ?j
 j I answer, by the most despicable dodging. 1
 lien who dated net vote against Freedom, j
 I yet feared its triumph m the Yeas and Nays,
 took care to be oat of their mats when the j
 vote was taken. m. e.
Fr»* th* Chnatum World.
 epitaph,
 moj« llf old iciiu etorn or «o«coit»
 **«AC*C*ETT*-
 Tl»i« celebrated epitaph, which a),
 thoagh often published before, will bear
 to be published again, is understood to
 have been written bv Daniel Bliss, Esq.
 a lawyer at Concord, before the Revo*
 lutionarv War. He was the bob of a
 minister of that place, whose name and
 history occupy a large space in the
 ecclesiastical annals of the town. This
 single production will secure to its au
 thor forever the credit of taste, ingenu
 ity and an enlightened aioral sense; and
 proves that sound abolition sentiments
 were cherished then, as strongly as at
 the present day.
 GOD
 Will* im free.
 NAN
 Wlik (M Wave*.
 1 will aa Gutl w:Ua.
 God’* will be door
 Here lie* the WyafJott!i Jack,* native Afi ico,
 who die 1, March, 1773, *g**d duMt frO uw*.
 Though burn in a ImJ J slaves,
 He burn free.
 Though he tired in a but u f liberty,
 He lived a slave;
 Till by bis honnt, though stubn iuburs,
 He acquire! tike source of Sbveiy,
 Which gave iiiui his freed*»tn.
 Tlinigh nit long after,
 Death—the grand tyrant
 Gave him his final emancipation,
 And act him on a footing-wlth kings.
 Tfoxigh a skive to vice,
 He practiced those virtues
 Without which, kings are but slaves.
From the Courier Enquirer.
 TIIE BRIDGE AT THE FALIS,
 I have been intensely interested to-day in
 listening to a description, from a well informed
 l nnd competent source, of the great bridge over
 the gorge that separates the dominions of the
 Queen from those of the President. If any
 thing could be wanted in tlie attraction of the
 country about Niagara to turn thither the tour
 ol the multitudes in the pleasure season, this
 bridge will supply it. Its thousand of tons
 weight of the strongest iron cord that the in
 genuity of the iron-master can devise, find a
 safe support in wrought iron anchors, built in
 I the solid rock, one hundred feet b dow the
 surface, so that, before it could yield, the very:
 I rock-bound earth would forsake its tenacity,
 i A large wooden frame work is to be placed,
 j so that no undulating motion can he experi
 enced. In full sight of the cataract —the surge
 of angry waters far beneath the sullen,
 storm-beaten rocks all round—the quick loco
 motive will put forth all its quickness to rush
 j beyond the peril of its journey. This glorious
 work is already begun; the money for its cost
 1 paid in and available; the excavations com
 j ineneed; and the contractor is to cross on
 i horseback by the middle of next June. Its
 firmness is to he such that with all the burthen
 of a powerful locomotive and a long attendant
 train of cars, it is not to vibrate one inch in
 1 the centre. The railway is to occupy the
 centre two carriage ways on either side, and
 two foot ways.
 j What a magnificent spectacle this road in
 i full use will present! A road of this kind
 over the Menai Straits, in Wales, is famous,
 for the daring displayed in its construction.
 That over the Niagara will soon he world
 fanrrd. It will be an iron link of civilization
 between the two ruling powers of the world,
 and will never he severed
 One of the first though s that presents itself,
 in reference to the const notion, is as to how
 the wires are to he thprown across. The
 steamboat now used below the falls is to take j
 over two cables, to which strands of j ro n are!
 affixed. These arc to be drawn over till two i
 ropes of iron are drawn over, on which a tem
 porary pathway is to be placed; ang when I!
 inquired where workmen could he found that
 had nerve enough to work effectually under
 such circumstances, the answer so character
 istic of American strength of action was, O,
 there are always plenty of Yankees who’ have
 both the courage to work the re and the inge
 nuity to work well.”
 The great railway in Canada, which is to
 connect with this mighty wo r ]j, presents some
 admirable features. Its grade is over twenty
 feet, and a very large proportion of the dis
 tance is on a straight line. On one line per
 fectly straight, ninety miles are laid out. All
 the highways of the country are to pass either
 over or under the road, bv depression or ele
 vation, as to Ike entirely'removed, so that
 there will lie neither obstacle nor hindrance to j
 to a fight which will put more life into the
 provincial dominion of her Britannic Majesty j
 than it has vet seen. “.That same” province
 of Canada West has yet to see great days.
 England expends millions on sections of her
 great dominions, far less worthy of her notice 1
 and fostering care. I
 “The last link is” completed when this!
 great bridge of the cataract shall have been
 completed. From Boston and’New-York an
 unbroken line is presented, and the day is 1
 soon coming soma correspondent of yours will
 delineate the incidents of a thirty hours’ jour-
 ney from the metropolis to Detroit. Ssueh
 are the movements and progresses in sup-
 port of which all may unite, and which mark
 our busy day. 1
A Colored Lawyer. —Robert Morris, Jr.
 a colored man, admitted to the bar some time
 since, appeared, on the 21st inst. as counsel in
 in case before the Court of Common Pleas.
i f
 ITT* We give below the official report of
 Dr. Halstead's Medical Institution, from
 January, 1847, to January, 1848. The re
 port shows the Doctor to have been singu
 larly successful in the treatment of the various
 diseases which came under his care during
 the year.
 OFFICIAL REPORT OF HA I.STEAD’S MED
 -1 ICAL INSTITUTE, FROM JANUARY, 1847,
 TO JANUARY, ISIS.
 Lateral curvature* of the spine,
 Posterior ami anterior do., 91
 Spinal irritation, 21
 SerofeLt 45
 Pulmonary consumption, 11
 Bronchitis,
 BronHtoerlr, 9
 Liver cunphinl. JI
 IKipeptia, or iadigentiunt IS
 Neuralgia, 5
 N err ini* debility, or marasmus, 15
 N err .'sis Uesuiacfac. 5
 Paralysis, or lo*s U nee of lower emnmi lies,
 Litiammation of st./tnarh, J 2
 Chronic do. of lw»tl»,
 spleen, 4 1
 IndafuinaiurY rbusnaWß, 1
 Clraic do. 4
 T coitus fever,
 Hectic 4
 .Nervous M J
 Prolapsus uteri, 7
 Leurhorrea, or &lt;fer&gt;r aStu*,
 Suppressed menstruation,
 Painful
 Palpitation of the heart,
 Cerebral diseases,
 Eptkpsv. or hdhag aktarw,
 Catarrh,
 Obstinate coutireuesa,
 Itropsy,
 Vancmr veins,
 Erysipelas, 1
 Rtltous colic,
 Chronic dtarrhcea,
 Btiiuas a a s 19
 sEE£s&amp;. i
 One esse paralysis 27 years* standing.
 Cnsnrtal chests enlarged,
 AS of sthM, with eaceptioaa, k&amp;, eared and j
 petting ssefl.
 prstb-tarr.
 M. HAUTTEAD, TnarrpaJ
fOn.HCRCI.4Ls
F ,Btntt,Jnt.lf,lW-
 Tfrm Ins Km no wurrisl irks ft m H»r market
 »wk. Bwce Ike urn* by th* Cm*
 »b .ml sfimv Li brtusfstafls in Eng
 vd, k&gt;Un 4 rw Kerr- rsthrr sKmrJ freir
 ’***■*2 hajnruap* l ir»g.
 JcrMionafty and 123
 f bods-!.
 Fur Got* buyers are now jmyimq „i
 n &lt;rV «2J rts, Owm 34 v«s.
 Potatoes 40 fa, Butter IS
 ft t&gt;-«by at this figure.
 L.ml 8 rt* Hans 7 els ShmUrr* fr u» rts
 Tut keys A ChuAra* 6, cts; fresh F.ggs 11 rts prt
 dot.
 50 h) k DrieJ Beef iUJ i*» i!ay u 7| rts
 In S*k we hear of no transactions.
 Pmk bs brea iu Kutferau demand tin* wtrk. at
 $4 50 6- £4 73.
 Salt at wliofesnL ran l« l .ought it *-1 «1 is I 53.
Rochester Wbetauate Prices CanriU,
 HOUR ttD MEAL—Duty 20 y c ad ral
 Fkrnr, if bW 500 fa 539
 torn ant, y Ittii 30
 PROVISIONS—Duty; Beef. Pm k.Hams, Bacon,
 Butter aati 2O fr; fhtra SOf citl rat
 Pork, (ibbm) 12 50 14 50
 Dp. in hug .423# 4 75
 Beef, rat. 3 50 4 00
 Do. W». («r*s) 7 00 800
 Lard (tried) Flb 7J 8
 Do. {leaf,) 84 10
 11am*, (smoked) 7 If 8
 Slwoiien, do. S 7
 Tin keys (f lb €i€:.. 7
 Chickens 7
 Potatoes, bosh. 50
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 f c ad val
 Wheat, bu»h 1 25
 Corn
 Rvts
 Oat* 33 6 40
 P’JiVpY m&gt; r m
 111 DES—Duty; 5 F c a! val
 Slaughter 2i
 Gail* 8*
 Sheep’ Pelts 73
 SEEDS—DuIy Linseed 10 c; Mustard 20
 r ad val
 Clover 430 fi&gt; 500
 Timothy. 123ra 2 00
 Flax 1 25
 FISH—IHity on foreign caught; 20 cad val
 Whitehall l*bl 7 50
 Codfish cwt 4 23
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, y Wd 1 31
 Apples, If Inisli 25
 Do. dried 56 (fir fid
 Eggs, if doz ..11
 Bitins, tf Imsh f)7
 Hav, tf ton 10 00 Si 12 50
 Hard wood 300 (Si 4 00
 Soft wood 1 275
BRIGHTON CATTLE MARKET—Jan. 20.
 At market,'slo Beef Cattle, 10 yokes working
 Oxen, 20 Cows a id Calves, 1661 l Sheep, and about
 275 Swine.
 Beef Cattle—Extra quality, S 7 50; first quality,
 t 6 ?6 25; second do. §5 i® £5 25.
 Working Oxen—But few in market; prices from
 $9B to 1)5.
 Cows and Calves—Sales noticed at 13, 22, 30,
 and 35 dollars.
 Sheep—Sales from £2 f 2 23. Alamt 200
 sheep from North Hadk y, at !f 3 75; some extra, at
 @■'4 50.
 SwiiK”—At wholesale 41 rts f«&gt;r sows, and for
 barrows. At retail front 6‘4 ®74 rts.
Nrtr York, Jan. 26.
 Ashes—market for Pots steady at &lt;5874: Pearls
 arc £7 aad quiet.
 Fl air and Meal—Quotations show no c'nnge;
 sale Western New York, Troy and Oswego, Jk6 06
 —5OO bills good New Orleans at £0; 800 do fancy
 at 0 50®6 624. M'“al is in moderate enquiry—not
 firm—sak s 1000 iiiils Jersey at S 3 18.
 Grain—market fir Wheat heavy: parcels can be
 picked up cheaper; sales 2500 bushels giswl Gene
 see at £1 35 for milling.
 Corn in moderate enquiry: sales new Northern at
 64i®66c*s; a t t 2000 husheta Waverly at 06cts.
 Rye 88®90 cts; Oats 48®5’J cts.
 Provisions—Sales 2 or 300 bids Pork on private
 terms—Beef cuntimies to sell freely. No change in
 prices—sale 300 bid* at 84®S4 cts*
 Pickled Meats are plenty.
 Butter and Clieese as lielure.
 Einseod Oil contiuiMis firm sale 3 or 4000 galls,
 at 65 for English, and 62 cents fur American.
 At the Board to-day G. S. Treasury Notes sold
 at and 99j.
 For the akive we are princi|Ktlly ntdebted to tin?
 Daily American.
POST AND ILLIS, Dealer* in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Chemical#, Dye Sturt*, Taint.*, Varnish,
 Oils, G kiss ware/Braslics, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German Chemicals, Artist*’
 Color*, Brushes and Canvass, Ethcrral Oil, Gokl
 I&lt;Caf and Foil, Sir file.
 Being Agent* for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable i’atent .M'-.licines, and rcceir ing tin
 same direct!} from the Manufacturer* or llieir Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all order* at wholesale
 and retail, on the most favorable term*.
 Homruopatliic Book*, Medicines, and Family
 Cane#, w ith full direction*. Only agents (or West
 ern New Yotk.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibrator) Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Ga*; also Etlterial Od and tamp*,- for
 Iftiriiing the same. Those niw would consult eco
 nomy and convenience afe invited to examine tlwse
 Lumps. The atft'/ition of Country .Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, anti others, w isbkig goods in the
 above line, is requested at like APO'PIiECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.-
 UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 THE Subscribers are manufacturing (his invaluable
 Cooking Stove* designed lor Coal or Wood,
 warranted to excel any otlw-r stove ever invented/
 and constructed strictly upon philosophical principle*.
 Ti&gt;e Oven heated by hot air, (flic onf&gt; hot air oven
 ever patented,) art I warranted to l/ake as well as
 any liriek oven. For sale only by the undersigned,
 wholesale and retail, 34, Exchange Street.
 H. 81/SH k CO.
OWES MORRIS' CtTV BINDER!,
 UNDER Titr MUSEUM late lISHKR MORRIS.
 MU. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Mate us
 Morse for seven years, and during timt time
 procured for him three Silver Me*tale, for the best
 specimen* of Book Binding, exhibited at tlie Me
 chanic*’ Fair* held in this city and Buffalo/
 Gentlemen’s f#f/rarh»* fitted up ami repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodical* I* tun; I
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this estal/fishnirnt have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the &lt;|uaJity of pa|&gt;er used,
 to render them equal to the best in the b aited States
 or drone imported.
 Italics’ Scrap and Hoard Books, Album* and
 Portfolios, in all tlieir varieties, manufactured to
 or*lcr in the best style.
 Banks, I.wtitiitimw, Soctetic*, Ice., may be
 nssured of work being done on llie most aivantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen reskiing at a distance, by packing and
 firwardiog voftanes to the alrove directions, »*atiog
 price and style, may rely iq/on their bring well bound
 on die most favorable term#, also carefully and
 pum-tualiv returned.
 N.B/ The pr*&gt;prk»&gt;r I tat spared no expense ia
 fitting «p (he e*bd»oVltmcnt, and infrodueing into
 W'estrra Mew 1 «ck the hti&gt;t iuMjn/vesneuts in
 Book Bowling.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, mulct the Museum.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
 3
CLARKSO N,
 IjONDON El&gt;mo.V—with portrait.
 A FEW runin '4 rURKMOIW HtRTORV
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE »«-AVE
 TIUDC, nitk pniitiin &lt;m tlr
 ahofitiixi of SlsufTt a beaMfj&amp;i I»n feat erJilioo,
 it# a Portrtwt fiif .Whnr, daw on *Orl,'—■»
 Lm&gt;A nkirfc ouufci M 4 he itapurlr.l It lr*» titan ihr* l
 Aufiar#, raa br ha.i at 21, (omlutl, if aapixti f*
 tHeverrbm anr* uft)*r I)»i.u*,
 nub. Alw, El LOO'tm OX
 Ai.in.iiii t».t, »i dw entered prke &lt;4
 i»Aw auJ a half ctau.
 ROBERT MORRIS/ Jt., Attorney uri Cmmm
 mtlk* U«, Braarr’a Hatlriiaf, htu Street.
 JOSEPH 11. TURPIX «&lt;«td »n»U#- dir KM«|
 rfkk friend* wd tk ritUk (o b&gt;* I»\&lt;il ER-
 Rf AX (&lt;AIJ.F.RV, .V-. IV, //««»rr Strrrt, mbrrr
 W pWpi* hMMrlf m rtMMK Miwriaru wab a Idt
 i* k»t*b. Md am m wdmK Una a* any acker* j
 i dte pru&amp;VMun.
 M\CO% B ALLFT.
 Ll*, MUnaK-WwAM liir ok
BOYS* CLOTHINO.
 SAMI EL W l4. Brattle Ftrrrt,
 oadc Mcmts* ton ions mint stock, m frtiwtd um
 frimtah BO\S' CLOTH IN i;, ,4 as j»st Mnterial
 a*) St, and if as ckr*p fri-t-s. m cjm K* obtaoied m
 ifr city.
NEW* KNfn.VND j*Kro\D HAND
 CIJTHING STORE.
 No. 3sJ. f'aitiv Sirkkt. Bu«rn&lt;».
 JOHN WIOGIIT keeps cuustviiihr on hand m
 great rra-ty New avi nd llaot I 'WKiof,
 (rnu f alt th it, wfi a.t &lt;,*3 (t'lk IV. I. goods,
 WIW* i»! Ac— I fi*r new
 rktm g. t .«*h Ofi ah kinds of foods,
 Criau o tr 1® vw buitiitd tfoihars.
IDII\ Rf,V tl£O.V, Hair CuMing Silmob,
 ♦J aa.i PiHitarf j Einjotiutu, 114, Bkkdtinott.
'M RICH, 11 xtt I&gt;rc**ing aad P.zthuag
 T.oy New Vokk.
xeh loßk a»vi:rtisi:meits.
W 1! V I V ibM, €I
 V t tfc-i r* Mrret.
 DR. J. M CI XL SMITH, 93, Ww, Browd
 wav.
 T JENNINGS, Surgeon-Dan ti*t, Bv3. .Yuitk
 BrimJuax,
XOftTHAMPTON WATER fl RE.
 THE umk rsigned, gratefiiily appiecmiing ;hc «rc,&gt;)g
 g uicrousN an anted by a disrerni'ig yotdic to his
 ~s a llydr* j athic Piwctitioner. would vaa
 pecttnllv Hii -rni thefiu tv!* of Hvdrcp&amp;tin that his
 establishment is pleMmtlv n»ar BansonviiW,
 on the west Uuk of th Licking Water, or Mill
 River, about two and a half auks from die cvetra
 of die town- It i* tluity-six Iry scvrnO feet; three
 stories high, with a piazza on the south »e.!e. Thera
 are sepal; te pat l ts, liathiug and dressing nsuns, tar
 ladk-s and gentlemen. There are also taeaty h*igmg
 rooms, each of which is well ventilated are! con
 veniently litriiished for tlie accommodation of tw
 urjsoni*. Among the variety of baths iu the esta
 blishm nt are, tlie plunge, &lt;louche, drenckce, and
 spray Uiths. Tlie knlies’ plunge is six by ten feet,
 three a.ki a half de&lt; j tlie gentlemen's,' eight »»y
 twelve, three and a halt deep. I here arc also two*
 cold douches, one of which is situated a mile, and tho
 oilier half a mile from tlie establishment. The former
 has a full of twentv-two fret, tlie latter eighteen.
 The serticry in this vicinity is pit-tin os*pis and
 romantic. There are a variety of pknsaut walks
 passing near and to springs of pure warcr. Tits
 walks are sufficiently retired t&lt;&gt; a!!&lt; w water-cur*
 patients to appear as tin v sliouk', p'ai dy dressed,
 enjoying tlieir rambles, witlnait leu g exposed Iw
 public gaze or observation. t*ince daiiy exjiei icnsD,
 for tlie last thn-e years, has strengthened his i pinion,
 that the condition of (lie skin Hearty imlirates th*
 diameter of many diseases, amt d&gt;e ability or inutility
 of an invalid to tiear die water tieatmer.t m its
 various forms also the necessity ol’ »p| lying th*
 dry woollen blanket, or the wet sheet, to promet*
 evaporati mi »*r a sweat, wlie&gt;i cither may be neres
 sary; aa I from results w Inch have attended his appli
 cation of tlie ti-eatmcnt, Im: hesitates n&lt; t to say, that
 the (Uctric symptom of tlx- skin iudii-ates vitality or
 pmetr, anil that an invalid, whose skin is not ulteiMjed
 with this symptom, cannot be sullly or sutetssfullv
 treatcil with water. Atihmg the coinjkiint* w lo« is
 are here successfully treated, are puliiH&gt;n:.r\ afiection,
 liver complaints, jaundice, acute or chronic mfiatii
 matioii of tlie bowels, piles, t!ys| epaia, g: :ierul de
 bility, nervous and s|)inal affections, inflammatory
 or chronic rheumatism, neuralgia, reiatha, bin*
 limits, paralysis, fevers, salt rheum, scrofulous and
 erysiiielsts liuuioi' c
 All patients who visit this establishment for
 course of treatment, should furnish themselvof witlf
 three reuifii t.il l*-s, tlnve yv««&gt;lleii Idiuikets, one Isnen
 and three cotton sheets, two pillow ruses, six raili
 towels,some well yyoni lirn-n, to rut tor
 an old cloak or mantle, ami a syi inge.*
 Terms for treatuii'iit and board are &amp;5 50 per
 week,for those who occupy rooms on the third floor;
 on the first and second floors, 16 00 per week,
 payable weekly washing extra. A patient, who,
 from choice or necessity, oecnpic* a room alone, on
 the third floor, wilf pay %8 (M) p*-r yyrek; on the
 first uinl second llisus. faB 50 per yyevk. Invalid*
 who are so feeble as to ru ed extra attention and fir*
 in their rooms, (except for swathing purpose*,) will
 l&gt;rorure tlieir own mgses and fuel, or pay an extra
 price.
 I). HI GGLES.
 X-irthampton, Aug. 1847.
 N.B. Tin- alHieted, desirous of being rxnmiasd twl
 rc*pud to tlwir complaints, and of th*
 atfaptedness of ilr- water-cure in tlu-ir articular
 case, should call on Tuesdays and Fridays.
 This instrument may be obtained at tlw esta
 blishment.
 Y\ ILI.I.VM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fii«hionnbl*
 vV Boots and Shoes, 80, I’urcliase Street, Newt
 Bedford.
 VV It. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and yy ill sell cheap for raxh. Strirt attention
 paid to custom-made woik, by Mcssit*. Barker and
 Davis.
Dagnerrian fialfery, 136,
 v v Main Street, Kellogg’s Buiklings, Hartford-
 Connecticut.
THE NATIONAL ERA Washington City,-
 District of Columbia. G. Bsiley, Editor; Joltn
 G. W bitticr, CoiTto ponding Editor. L. P. Noble,
 Publisher.
 Tire leu/ling purpose of this journal is, die dis
 cimmion of die (pastion of Slavery, and die advocacy
 of the-maiif principles of th* Lilx-ity Party. Dun
 attention is given to Social and Political qusstk/Af
 of geucr.il importance nor are the interests of a
 pure Literature overlooked.
 It aim* to preserve a faithful rer*nd of iui|s*rtant
 events; of inventions or discoveries affecting ilia
 progress of society of public documents of perma
 nent value; ami, during the session* of Congress, Ur
 present such repot ts of its proceedings, as w ill con
 vey a correct idea not only of its action, Imt of it*
 spirit and policy, fh* del*utc* on die exciting ml/-
 jcVf-t of Slavery ami the Mexican War, expected to
 arise in die next Congress, Rill occupy a huge share
 of it* column*.
 Arrangement* have Wen made fbr extending ®r.*f
 enriehing it* already valuable deparUneut of home
 and foreign Correspondence.
 It is printed on a mammoth sheet, of the finest
 rpnlity, m the liest slyle, at £2 a year, piyatir ot
 adranrt.
 Tin- generous sjnrrf in which Fra lias lieen
 welcomed l/v tlie public fives#, ami tla- very liberal
 patronage it Ims received during this, (lie first year
 of it* existence, encourage* us to W*()e for large
 RtTMiww to our subset ipthin list.
 It is ilesirable licit subscription* be forwarded
 without lieby, so that they may be entered l/cfb&lt;*
 die approaching ongrers.
 Alt comiiuimruttoit* addressed to
 L. P. NOBLE,
 Ptdluhtr nf thr Sett nnl J’rn, li’athtnq f&lt; fi.Cf.
r |MIE DAILY AND WEEKLY CTIRO.NO-
 X TYPE. Edited by F.hzur Wright. lihlish/d
 K White, Potter k Wright, 13, Hjale Street,
 /•ton. Tetiimr Daily, ONE E.NT, each num
 ber. For any sum foi warded to the {trhljxbcr* fren
 of expense, they nn ill *eud die paper at tl»at tale till
 tin' room v is exhausted. Weekly, Two Dollars
 year in advance, or f&lt;/r am slsrter time *t flu- same
 rate. For five dollars, tbre* pir# will be seal fbr
 oiw- tear.
 Tin# pnUkstinn i« ma le in the finest style t f
 itew*|K.per typography. It i* ind/pemVot of
 sect*, parlies, ami clique*, expressing freely the
 vk-ws of it* editor and of surli correspondents .‘s» he
 think* proper to admit, on all sclyrit# of k "i irr
 interest.
 It a/lvoentr# equality rf homan rights, an/I the
 alS'fitson of slavery, thorough land reform, cheap
 postage, .Uiwucc frem Ui?i xicaung dru.kr, ex
 etaptioo &gt;4 temfetanre me H from taxes to repair the
 damage* of driukieg, reforfo in m iting sod spell
 ing liv English UngHage, the abolition ef Cxj itai
 pwkhwrt, univotaj ami kindly tohr.ie.n in rrli
 gk/n. lib- and health insurance, wat-T-eurc, working
 men’s jv»t/&lt;-tivc nr bins, and art other ra/t.rsd
 "f aaaoeiatuin fbr mutual aid—and p-nr»srty,
 Pr/gns.*'
 It ahi give* the new* fret* ill part# ef tie r*.on
 try m tie most eimk niel am! ortelSTgil le *(t !e.
 It* Ft. in# &lt;#r l.lvv already very k»»ge— set
 he;*- tint it will l«e i-ime/ only on oh/ ii nm lent
 tla* pap&lt;T requesting Usr nuhnege will keep the
 ale.te Prospectus stanfiog in it* o.Ven.
 A it e aintry peer wtnrh wiU kee|i tly rde.te in
 it# rolou/ iS, a':*; faroi«h ns whit the us #1 inpostaul
 new* of its tripilt, ly slip of fikerwise, a/’vare#
 of its re/«k*r puf H #atus*«, shah lie *#.p| lied wr»h
 l&gt;4/!\ Uimitqr, ia evkaege h, weekly, an*
 have our le*t thank* and due credit b/*t
 THE F« B l.lShU**'
 Boston, Ht pt. 2, 1k47.
 THE DELAW ARE A BOIITIOMST.
 k PAPER the sle te M-r m
 A Wilmington. In »he V**-HSrverv
 ,Wv. It w iff Is* «*/w*f N* f awf w ill
 W pulAtfkr l ou a half twetrtv-#.**
 .-e l. I-* yem. l* lacnts-Oaa auttiteis. ItwiHla
 devote 1 in s&lt;*sw’f«rip*M*a &gt;a DeLware, and will ad
 vracwie rt* arc* anti hshment by aU bwful me ana, R
 wilt he pwM*sk»*d awwasiWv, if mewtis are til*
 iun |#4, a»• W*« a the ns ana ma 1/ di#ii#4
 !\MES B BR4n&gt;«F
 4g* tit^
"
