"Notices
ROCHESTER
 ANTI-SLAVERY
 BAZAAR,
 To hr hthi TVnfWyr 2(VA &lt;nuf Slit, 1844.
 We again annourlCe UMhe public that our j
 Annual lknar is near at hand, and wilt afford
 an opportunity of making sympathetic effort
 an behalf of the suffering millions in our midst.
 A glance at the object of our moat holy and
 bencroient enterprise, is sufficient to arouse the
 leant inquiring mind from its lethsrgy, to a
 hearty crvopeition ia making oer Fair worthy I
 of those who duly estimate the blessings of
 freedom. The Farmer will confer a great
 faror by donations of any of the various pro-
 duct ions of hia farm—eggs, butter, Ac.; and'
 merchants, mechanics, grocers and confec
 tioners will do great service to the cause by
 lending their aid. Donations for our book
 able will be very gratefully received.
 The friends of the cause in Egland, Scot
 land and Ireland, inform us that boxes of
 goods for our Fair are ou the way. Among
 ihe many articles named, are the following
 Sofa Guards, Watch Pockets, Slippers,
 five elegant Collars Doyley’e, Bracelets,
 Necklaces, Bags, Children's Fn-cks, Shoes,
 Aprons, Bibs, Bridal Party and Opera Danc
 ers, (dolls) Puckers, Baskets, beautiful Draw
 ings and Pictures, Colored Drawings, Gloves,
 Knitted Tippets, Caps, one Side-Saddle, dec.,
 ABIGAIL BUSH, Pree t.
 Sasah C. Owen, Sec’y,
Toronto, Nov. 7, 1848.
 W*e, the underpinned, authorize the Rev.
 Washington Christian to act as the only
 agent of the British American Anti Slavery
 Society.
 B. RANKINS, Chairman.
 A. JcnAH. H. Richards,
 C. Davis, Jas. Johnson,
 J. Harper, VVm. Thompson,
 W m. Harnkv, Geo. Brown,
 Chas. Freeman, Sec'v.
Beauties of the Peculiar Institution.
 A father emancipates his own son and his
 mother; he dies, having devised his proper
 ty to his own son the Supremo Court of
 Mis*issippt declares ihe act of emancipation
 to be an offence against morality, &amp;e—
 -declares the son and mother to be slaves—
 sets aside the father’s will, and gives them
 and the property to distant relatives.
 The ease of Hinds, vs. Brazealle,ot which
 a synopsis is presented above, illustrates in a
 very striking manner, the practical working
 of slavery. It may be found in the second
 volume of Howard's Mississippi Reports,
 S 3
 The facts are these. Elisha Brazealle, a
 Mississippi planter, lived with a colored wo- j
 man, his slave, as his wife. Bv her he had!
 a son named John Monroe Brazealle. In
 I*2B, he left Mississippi, and resided for some
 time in Ohio, bringing with him his son and
 the mother of his son, for the purpose of
 emancipating them.—While in Ohio, he exe- j
 cuted a deed of emancipation, setting both
 free, and shortly after returned with litem to i
 his residence in Jefferson county, Mississippi, i
 borne years afterwards he died, having made i
 a will, in which he recited the deed of eman
 cipation, declared his intention to ratify it, and
 devised all his properly to his son, acknowledg
 ing hipi in tho will to Ihj such.
 The more distant relations of Elisha Bra
 xealle—how distant does not appear—filed a
 bill claiming to be heirs at law, and as such
 not only entitled to the property devised, but
 to the possessions of their relatives, John
 Monroe Brazualle and his mother, asptoperty.
 also, on the ground that the Deed of Emanci
 pation, and the will were void under the
 laws of Mississippi.
 This ctaim, which shocks every principle of
 justice, and every sentiment ofhumanity, was
 sustaiued by the Supreme Court of Missis
 sippi.
 •Some passages of the opinion of the Court,
 deliveied by Chief Justice Sharkey, whose
 own name seems more appropriate than his
 official designation—are worthy of especial
 notice, as illustrating the inversion and sub
 version of all moral distinctions, by the
 adoption of the idea of property in man.
 Wequote these passages, and leave them to
 the reflection of our readers, without further
 comment;
 To give it—the deed of emancipation—
 validity would be in the first place a violation
 of the declared policy and coutrary to positive
 law of the State. The policy of a State is
 indicated by the general course of legislation
 on a given subject, -and wo find that free
 negroes are deemed offitnsive, because they
 are not permitted to emigrate to or remain
 in the State. They are allowed few privi
 leges and subjected to heavy penalties for
 offences. They are required to leave the
 State m thirty days after notice, and in the
 mean time give security for good behavior,
 and those of them who can law fully remain,
 must register and carry with them their cer
 tificates, or they may tie commuted to jail. It
 would also violate a positive law, passed by
 the legislature, expiessly to maintain this
 settled policy, and to prevent emancipation.
 .No owner can emancipate his slave, but by
 m deed or will properly attested or acknow
 ledged in Court, and on proof to the Legis
 lature, that such slave has performed some
 meritorious act for the benefit of his master,
 or some distinguished service for tho State
 and the deed or w ill can have no validity until
 ratified by the special act of the Legisla
 lure. The state of the case
 shows conclusively that the contract had its
 origin m an offence against morality, peruici
 nus and detestable as an example. But above
 all, it scorns to have been planned and exe-
 with a fixed design to evade the rigor ol
 the 1 ws of this State.
 The acts of the party in going to Ohio
 w ith the slaves and there executing the deed,
 ••nd his immediate return with them to this
 State, point with unerring certainty to his
 purpose and object.—The laws of this State
 cannnot be thus defrauded of their operation
 bv one of our own citizens.—
 The consequence is, that the negroes, John
 Monroe and hw mother, are still slaves, and
 a part of the estate ot Elisha Brazealle, John
 Monroe being a slave, cannot take the pro
 perty as devised and 1 apprehend it is equally
 clear, that it cannot be heUHn trust for him.’’
 Thus the learned and humane Xharkry,
 Chief Justice of the High Court of Errors
 and Appeals of the State of MtBsissi|&gt;pi,
 cautiously avoiding the well known principle
 of law declared even by the Court* of Louis
 iana, that a slave once enfranchised bv being
 removed by his master s consent lieyoud the
 jurisdiction of the laws enslaving him. into
 the jurisdiction of a State where slavery is
 not tolerated, can never be re-en&gt;luvcd de
 claics that the merciful act of BrazealU* in ta
 king his wife and son into Ohio tor the pur
 pose of emancipation, la a fraud on th«
 operation of the laws of Mississippi, and
 with one fell swoop consigns the mother aud
 non into perpetual slavery, and their proper!)
 bequeathed to them by a husband and father
 to (i*uni&lt;u&gt;d unknown relatives.
 The BUM Slave of Ihe Mixes.
 V REV. PRESIDENT HITCHCOCK.
 Allow me here to refer u a cane that lately
 tell under my observation, which illustrates
 more forcibly than I bad ever conceived, the
 priceless value of the Christian hope to the
 must on fortunate and degraded- 1 had des
 cended one thousand feet beneath the earth's
 surface, in the coal pita ef the Mid Lothias
Mima &gt;o Virginia, and w»wand«l|ftglhrough
 their dark, subterranean passagtn, when the
 sound of mtnie ate little dbtentt, broke upon
 my ear. It eeaeoi upon our approach, and
 I caught only the concluding —lUuient of Um
 hymn.
 **l del be ia beaten in the asratit^.'*
 On advancing with our lampa, we found
 the pajwvge dosed by a door, in order to give
 a different direction to tba current of air, for
 the purpoae of ventilauoo, yet ihi* door tmm
 be opened occasionally to let the rail can
 paaa, loaded with euel. And to arwompliah
 this, we fou«l sitting by that door an aged
 blind alave, whoae eyea had been entirely
 deatroved by a blast of gunpowder many
 yearn before, in that mine. There he sat oe
 a seat cut in the eoal, from sun rise to aun set
 j day after day; his sole business being to opeu
 and shut the door, when be beard the rail cars
 approaching. We requested him to mug
 again the hymn whose last line we had heard,
 i It was iodeed lame in expression, and in
 i the poette measure very defective, being, in
 fact, one of those productions which we found
 the pious slaves were ia the habit of singing,
 in part, at least,, impromptu. But each
 stanza closes with the sentiment,
 I •ball be in heaven pi the morning.”
 It was sung with s clear and pleasant voice
 and I could sec the shrivelled, sightless eye
 balls of the old man roll ia their sockets, as
 Sif his soul felt the inspiring sentiments; and
 j really the exhibition was one of the most
 1 affecting that 1 have ever witnessed, t here
 jhe stood, an old man, whose earthly hopes,
 even at the best, must be very faint; and be
 was a slave—and he was blind—w hat could
 |he hope for on earth He was buried, too, a
 j thousand feet beneath the solid rocks In the
 expressive language of Jonah—“ He has
 gone down to the bottom of the mountains;
 i the earth with her bare waa about him for
 i ever.” There, from month to month he sat
 .in darkness. Oh, how utterly cheerless his
 condition! And yet that one pleasant hope
 iof a resurrection morning was enough to
 infuse peace and joy in bis soul.
 I had often listened to touching rousio—l
 1 had heard gigantic intellects pour forth en
 chanting eloquence, but never did music or
 eloquence exert such overpowering luflnence
 over my feelings as did this scene. Never
 before aid I witness so grand an exhibition of
 sublimity. O, how comparatively insignificant
 did eaith's mightiest warriors and statesmen,
 her princes and emperors, and even her phil
 osophers, without piety appear How power
 i less would all their pomp and pageantry, and
 wisdom be to sustain them, if called to change
 places with this poor slave! He had a
 principle within him superior to them all; and
 w hen morning which he longs for shall come,
 how infinitely better than theirs w til his lot
 j appear to an admiring universe. And that
 morning shall ere long break upon thy dark
 ness, benighted old man The light of the
 natural sun, and the fact of this fair world
 l will never indeed, revisit you and the remnant
 of your days must be spent in your monoton
 loustask, by the side of iho wicket gate,
 deep in the caverns of the earth. But that
 bright and blessed hope ot a resurrection
 morning shall not deceive you. The Saviour,
 in whom you trust, shall manifest himself to
 you even in deep darkness; and at the ap
 pointed hour, the chains of slavery shall drop
 off, and the double night which envelopes
 you shall vanish into the light and the liberty
 and the glory of heaven. And in just pro
 portion to the depths of your darkness and
 degradation now, shall be the brightness and
 the joy of that everlasting day.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, NOVEMBER 24, 1848.
 Northampton, Nov. 18, 1848.
 Since leaving Rochester on the 27th oi
 October, 1 have spoken once in Sptingficld
 once in Lynn, thiee tiroes in New Bedford
 once in Abington, once in Plymouth, and at
 tended the Annual Meeting of the Rhod&lt;
 Island State Anti-Slavery Society. I havi
 also had appointments sent on to several othe
 places, but in cons&amp;juence of the great poli
 tical excitement occupying the public mind
 and the monopoly of public halls by the poli
 tical parties, and the churches being closet
 against the subject of slavery, I have failet
 to get meetings, and have therefore had th&lt;
 pain of travelling without accomplishing much
 except in a private way. It is absolutely im
 possible to interest the public mind with any
 thing else than politics, during a Presidents
 campaign like that which has now teiminated
 It is one of the saddest things connected witl
 our institutions and national character, tha
 we are so prone to magnify politics, to th«
 exclusion of everything of a moral and intel
 lectual nature during a political canvass
 and that so much precious time is consumer
 in these unprofitable struggles. Admitting
 that it is necessary to agitate the public mint
 and enlighten the people as to the charactei
 of the men and measures presented for theii
 support, it cannot be claimed that more that
 one-tenth of the time usually employed foi
 that purpose is necessary. The charactei
 and (tosiiions of men and parties are generally
 as well understood two months after theii
 nominations, as after six months of fierce de
 bate and agitatiou. Fireworks, burning pow
 der, discharging cannon, torch-ligbt proces
 sions, illuminations, &amp;c., appeal only to feel
 ings, and have nothing whatever to do witl
 bringing men to an intelligent opiniou on the
 questions involved in an election like the ont
 just passed. Yet what an important and pre
 cious amount of time, of money, of health
 to say nothing of morals, have been saeri
 ficed to such dumb show and senseless display
 during the last few months* These demon
 strations would be less deplorable, were they
 not attended with loss of life, as w ell ashealtii
 and morals. The eight men killed on the
 Salem and Marblehead Railroad, might now
 have been living, a blessing to themselves,
 families and fiiends, but for being led away
 from their homes to attend one of those torch
 light processions. The newspapers teem with
 accounts of fights, rencontres, wounds and
 deaths, growing out of these disgraceful dis
 plays, in which pride and passion usurp the
 place of reason. These we take to be their
 legitimate fruit. To put an end to these
 scenes, every lover of order ought to lend his
 aid. It is an insult to die understandings of
 intelligent men to have such paltry and sense
 less appeals made to their feelings as were re
 sorted u&gt; during the cauvaas.
 But to the meetiugs. That in Springfield
 was called to hear an address from Rev. Mr.
 Conklin, on the singular subject of Bible
 Free Soil.” The meeting was on Sunday
 evening, in the Town Hall. Rev. Mr.
 Church was in the chair. The evening was
 dark and rainy, but nevertheless a large meet
 ing assembled. As soon as the reverend gen
 tleman learned that I u in the house, be
 waived hu contemplated lecture on Bible
 Free Soil,” for tbe purpose of allowing me
 to occupy the evening with such remarks as I
 might deem proper to make. It wa»%n awk
 ward position to be placed in. bm neither
 himself nor the audience would help me oat
 of the difficulty and I was tberafore rdoc
 untiy compelled ta take the stand end to oe»
JtoSml generous At oo the put of iht
 mmirttr, while it in anditable to him, equal);
 •fc®***!* progress of lb* Anti-Slavery earns.
 A few yeati ago, 1 should scarcely bare bees
 allowed to apeak 08~ the subject of slavery ii
 that place, much lew been invited to uke Ok
 place of a popular clergyman, when a meeting
 wan called especially for him. The meeting
 passed off with good effect—many hearing
 radical anti-slavery doctrines advocated for Um
 first time in tbeir lives, and weald not bav&lt;
 beard at this time but that they had been
 teacher, to bear discussed the unique (object
 of Bible Free Soil/’ Anything labeled
 with the Bible, good or bad, seems to take
 well with the religious portion of tke public,
 and this is especially the case with the people
 of Springfield.
 1 found Lynn, as usual in noth times, wrapt
 in excitement oo the subject of Free Soil
 and like all other towns vrbeie much Anti-
 Slavery effort has been expended, a large
 Free Soil vote was east, leading both the old
 parties. While here, I had an opportunity ol
 heanng a few remarks from that once great,
 but now fallen man, Daniel Webster. He
 was in Lynn for the purpose of gaining the
 votes of the freemen of that city fur the slave
 holder, Zachary Taylor. Mr. Webster's ap
 pearance made me sad. In gating upon hun
 1 forgot his words in the contemplation ol
 himself. A thunder sheered column, stood be
 fore me. There was just enough of the fim
 chiseling left to proclaim the wonderful skill
 of the artist. But what a wreck !—what a
 magnificent ruin The outline of his formei
 greatness might be traced over the vast area
 of his brow, while through the windows ol
 his soul might be seen large masses of his
 giant power, fast mouldering to decay. He
 has arrayed himself against God, and ie
 broken. He has trifled with his moral sense,
 and destroyed his conscience. Once he was
 the seivant of freedom—now he is the servant
 of slavery. His words go one road, while
 his convictions go another; and as a house
 divided against itself must fall, so Daniel
 Websier has fallen. His greatest service to
 mankind will be found in the loud warning
 which his ruin proclaims as liable to all who
 follow his dangerous example. His case
 shows that intellect, however strong—that
 genius, however exalted —that friends, how*
 ever numerous—that wealth, however abund
 ant, can never fill up the chasm of a want of
 fixed moral principle.
 My meetings in New Bedford, like all anti-
 Slaveiy meetings, which it has been my pri
 vilege to attend in that place, were very
 satisfactory. There is something in old asso
 ciations that always refreshes and cheers me,
 when I stand in the midst of that community
 where not ten years ago, I stood a stranger
 newly from slavery. I never so fully realize
 the difference of my position now from what
 it was then, as when I stand in the midst of a
 New Bedford assembly. What I was and
 am is known to them. There are no doubts
 in the minds of my hearers with respect to
 myself to be removed. They know me and
 hear me as a competent witness against the
 whole system of slavexy and all its abettors.
 I was assisted in my meetings in New Bed
 ford by Charles Lenox Romond, a man who
 never fails to command the sympathy and
 attention of an audience in that place. I
 missed one face from the meetings which de
 tracted somewhat from the happiness with
 I usually look upon an anti-slavery audience
 there. It was tnc face of that veteran laborer
 and faithful pioneer in the cause, John Haily.
 He has moved from New Bedford to Lynn.
 His house wa3 formerly the home of all those
 who devote themselves to the work of awak
 ening the public mind to the sin of slavery.
 What Mr. Baily was in New Bedford, that
 be will be in Lynn—an untiring enemy of
 slavery, and a friend to all who lajtor in free
 dom's cause.
 The colored voters in New Bedford almost
 to a man voted the Free Soil Ticket, and I
 believe the same was tHb case in all parts of
 Massachusetts. But such was far from being
 the case in Rhode Island. The colored voters
 I in Providcuce almost unanimously supported
 the Taylor ticket. I should be ashamed to
 state this disgraceful fact, without at the
 same time explaining some of the circum
 stances by which it was brought about. The
 Democtatic party in Rhode Island is known
 as the Free Suffrage party —the party which
 six years ago adopted a Constitution restrict
 ing the right to vote to white persons alone,
 and excluding colored citizens from the exer
 cise of that right. This base insult offered to
 the colored people by these loud pretenders
 to liberty is freshly remembered. Fortun
 ately the Whig party, then known as the
 Law and Order party, defeated this infamous
 Constitution, and ui drafting another, whether
 from principle or not, left out of it the mean
 color condition of suffrage. This circum
 stance has eiven the Whigs almost complete
 control of the colored voters so that if the
 Whigs should nominate Satan himself, they
 might calculate upon a large dark vote in
 Rhode Island. I extract the following from
 a long address by the Whigs to the colored
 voters of the State; and the reader will
 easily see the effect such an appeal would be
 likely to produce on the minds of men cir
 cumstanced as the colored people are in Rhode
 Island.
 Now, we say to the colored peope of Rhode
 Island, and they will believe us, for we have
 never deceived them, and the only party of
 freedom is the Whig party, that the only way
 in which they can make their votes count for
 freedom in this election, is to vole for the
 Whig electors, for William Sprague, George
 G. King, James T. Rhodes, sad Rouse
 Babcock. You know these men, and yon
 know the party to which they belong and to
 which you belong, the party which opposed
 the annexation of Texas, which opposed the
 acquisition of Mexican territory, which now
 opposes the extension of slavery over that
 territorythe party, too which extended to
 you the right of suffrage, and gave you a
 voice, in the election of the rulers. Ingrati
 tude is not a vice which belongs to the colored
 race; stand by the men then, who hone stood by
 \fou; support the party which has sup
 ported too give your votes for the men who
 fare you the right to vote. You we bound
 lo do this by the obligations of doty and
 flatitude and of the highest policy.
 On Thursday evening last I attended the
 necting of the Rhode Island State Anti-Sla
 very Society. It was largely attended. I
 raa informed, oo my arrival, that Mr. J. B
 Sanderson, of New Bedford, sad Rev. Mr.
 Cheney—the latter a thorough-going aboli
 iooist and eloquent speaker, had chiefly ad
 trsaaad lha meeting ia the afiennen aaaaian.
There vh no lack of speakers on Ike oflwi
 mm M m fTHtn Johnaoo, Gemye Bred
 ban, James N. Bofum, J- B. Sender**
 tod Frederick Douginas being pemeat. Ot
 this evening there were no resol ntioei hefew
 the meeting, and every ooe spoke jest whs
 he wu disponed to speak. 'Die first spemkei
 who came upon the stand was M r Inglia, 1
 believe, the editor of Young America. 1
 should be glad to giro bis remarks in fall, mix
 reply to them at length, did time mid spot*
 permit; bat m the circumstances can onlj
 glance at the subject. He commenced bt
 stating hie high regard for the slave, end bit
 deep interest in the Anti-Slavery movement
 hot strangely enough went on in an effort t&lt;
 show that wages slavery is bad as chatte
 aiaverVi and that if the slates were emand
 paled, they would soon be as badly off as tlx
 paupers of Ireland. He recommended at
 enlargement of our objects as a means u
 bringing into our ranks the white working
 people, and stated as a reason why they die
 not care anything about the Anit-Slaven
 movement, that they saw the abolitionist!
 taking an interest in the cause of the black
 wUjp they neglected and opp nwetMfe white
 lawrer. These and many other views of th&lt;
 same stamp, were put forth by the speaker
 It was difficult to think the speaker honest
 yet be seemed to be perfectly so. He ap
 peered to be full of his cause, and to give l
 his best energies. So far so good. Then
 was, however, ooe great falsehood running
 through the whole speech, which even th&lt;
 dullest could not fail to perceive.
 The attempts to place holding property it
 the soil—on the same footing as holding prop
 erty in man, was most lame and impotent—
 and the wonder is, that any one, could listeu
 with patience to such arrant nonsense. Thai
 land monopoly is a great evil there is no ques
 tion—bat to speak of it in the same age with
 chattle slavery, is to lose sight of all the mor
 al distinctions most obvious to common sense.
 I would be ashamed to argue with a person
 such a question—but that I believe there are
 sorae'good men who honestly believe it. To
 own the soil is no harm in itself. It was giv
 en to man. It is right that he should own it.
 It is his duty to possess it—and to possess it in
 that way in which its energies and properties
 can be made the most useful to the human
 family—now and always. There is therefore
 no wrong in the fact of holding property in the
 soil itself. And the question raised must
 therefore relate to the mode of holding and
 the amount held—and not to the act of holding.
 The question then is, as to the manner, and
 the amount, with respect to these various opin
 ions may be honestly entertained. What
 manner of holding property in the soil is the
 best, which best secures the happiness of the
 whole human family The Land Reformers,
 have one view—but other men have views di
 rectly opposite—and as honestly entertained.
 It is not therefore for either to denounce the
 other as criminals. The question is one of
 expediency—about which it is easy to err.—
 Not so with slavery. It is to sin against self
 evident truth to enslave a fellow man. But I
 must hasten. The meeting was addressed by
 Mr. Buffum, Mr. Bradbum —and myself, and
 adjourned to meet on Friday morning at ten
 o’clock.
 During the day and evening of Friday—the
 discussion was mainly on the pro-slavery po
 sition of the Church, anti the Constitutional
 support given to slavery. On the latter sub
 ject there was a long discussion. Mr. Brad
 burn contended that the Constitution was an
 Anti-slavery instrument—and made a long
 and ingenioys argument in support of his view,
 which would have proved as conclusively that
 there is now no slavery in America—as it
 proved that there is no slavery in the Constitu
 tion. Slavery is wrong, and therefore is not
 in the Constitution, seemed to be the upshot
 of his reasoning. He set out by laying down
 certain rules of interpretation—which would
 i apply very well to the Constitution of the Uni
 ted States—if there was any honest doubt as
 to its true intent and meaning—things which
 Ido not hesitate to deny. One of these rules
 is, that any law susceptible of two interpreta
 tions—and about the meaning of which there
 is doubt, that such law shall in all cases be
 construed favorably to justice. This cannot
 apply to the constitution of the United States.
 For no one is in doubt as to the true intent
 and meaning of that instrument—and it is
 therefore idle to talk about such rules. We
 know the men who made the Constitution—
 we have their words—as to what they meant
 —by what are now called compromises of the
 Constitution, and to wrest them from their true
 intent and obvious meaning—a forced process
 iis a most- unfair mode of dealing with the
 slaveholder, We had better own that the
 compact is a slave-holding one, and declare
 i that we will abandon it. But enough of this
 for the present.
 IVc shall probably have a regular report of
 the proceedtegs of the Annual meeting with
 sketches of the debates which occurred.
 I am now at the Water Cure establishment
 of Dr. Ruggles—in Northampton Mass.,
 —and have seen my old fnend and benefactor
 for the first time since my return from Great
 Britain. He was the first to welcome me
 from the land of whips and chains and to
 plac? me beyond the retch of my blood-hound
 pursuers. Since then, be baa lost his outward
 vision—but the lamp within burns as bright
 as ever. His whole soul is in his present pro
 fession—and I would as readily trust him with
 my breath now—as I did with my liberty ten
 years ago. To his wonderful skill as a Hy
 dropathic Doctor, be adds that warm philan
 thropic energy and perseverance which marked
 ail his movements in the old Vigilaoee Com
 mittee at New York.
 The establishment here is Urge sod commo
 dious^-as neat and orderly within as a meeting
 ef the society of Friends. There are now in
 the establishment twelve or fourteen patients,
 with two of whom I am acquainted—one from
 Rochester New York, and the other from
 Ply moth Massachusetts the condition of each
 is such as to encourage and cheer their
 friends.
 I shall lecture this evening in Springfield—
 aad from there shall ret am to Boaion sod letv
 tare to Salem aod Marblehead, and other
 towns in their vicinity.
 Yoon for Righteous Freedom,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
By a nmoM mnpriat la a onoatry paper,
 the Rev. Mr. Ellia, tIM boobond of a wd!-
 kao*a aathoreaa.’ia dowribed u “tba boa&gt;
 baad of tfco Worn of Eagiand’
ft*. JLW
 Mtttats Iff-
 Lei disguise nwy-fot u.
 try to hide ituvi pay will U ocrtaia
 and in—itable. that if Mytbe operation of any
 system of injustice, on# portion of tbe uibab
 itantt of a coon try are degraded and brutal*
 aed, their ignorance and brutality —t and
 will attach to those who degrade them. No
 man Hreth for bmseJf. It a aapoeaMito
 estimate the influence which each baa upon
 those around him, for good or for etrtl. A
 vitiated atmosphere does not more certainly
 cai&amp;e disease siwfdeath to tbe material exist
 ence, than does the prevalence of a virioo*
 and ignotiot state of raiod produce the same
 result to the moral and intellectual being. An
 every moral and enlightened man in a commu
 nity exerts an influence upon the— around, to
 make them moral and enlightened, so the in
 fluence of every ignorant and brutish man is
 directly the reverse. True, the tendency id
 the human mind is to pug roes It does not
 recede without a severe struggle. It is al
 ways looking forward to a better and brighter
 state of being. A wise man said long since,
 that the spirit of a man looketh upward
 hut tbe vision of the upward looking spirit is
 and must be bedimmed and clouded by the
 murky nuasma of vitiating influences.
 It baa been often asserted that the free peo
 ple of the South are ignorant. We see auch
 assertions in newspapers every day. It is
 rarely attempted to deny the fact. It is, in
 deed, too palpable to admit of denial. Were
 it necessary, nothing would be easier than to
 produce proof strong and incontrovertible.—
 One such illustration may be given, just to
 show that those who say that the South i*
 ignorant, do not speak at random. A cotre
 spondent of the Concord (N. H.) Democrat,
 writing from Georgia, says
 In one county in Georgia. I was told by
 the Circuit Judge, a jury was empannelled
 and out of the twelve, nine of ihein made
 their marks as signatures to the Piesentiments.
 This is almost incredible, yet l was assured ii
 was true. The poor people are ignoiant, be
 cause they have no means of education, an&lt;.
 as long as slavery exists, so long will they
 continue to be ignorant. In some parts ot
 South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama and Miss
 issippi, one may travel a whole week withou
 seeing a single school-house, and what few
 there are, are miserable hovels, more resem
 bling a nigger hovel” than a schixil-house.
 A New Hampshire farmer would erect a bet
 ter building fur his sheep or horses, than arc
 here built by parents in which to educate their
 children. The houses, however, are in keep
 ing with the state of education. I have oftei
 met with men who were considered intelli
 gent by the natives, who thought that
 England was a Northern State, and a pan o.
 the Union, and have asked the question if the
 Yankees were Americans!”
 Remember, reader, that this is not among
 tbe inhabitants of New Zealand or the Sand
 wich Islands, who have but recently come
 under the operation of civilizing influences.—
 It is not in a nation or among a people jusi
 emerging from the darkness of barbarism. Ii
 is not among the aristocracy-ruled, and taxed,
 and poverty-fetficken people of the old coun
 tries of Europe. Were such an illustration
 of the debasing influence of kingcraft and
 aristocratic misrule to show itself in any oi
 those countries, the righteous denunciations ol
 indignant republicans would be heard ringing
 throughout the land, from Maine to Texas.—
 But it is not in any of those countries. No
 in none of them would twelve men be sum
 moned to sit on a jury, nine of whom could not
 write their names. It is reserved for enlight
 ened America, the model republic,” in tin
 nineteenth century, in the mid3t of its boasting
 of superior intelligence, superior privileges,
 and “glorious institutions,” to exhibit thi&gt;
 instance of jury-box ignorance. And no
 wonder. Slavery could not exist, were it
 otherwise. Theie is no enemy to tyranny and
 oppression, like inte ligence. Make a people
 moral and enlightened, and you drive slavery,
 iu all the modes of its manifestation, from
 among them. Intelligent ami moral men
 cannot be made slaves themselves; and as
 little do they wish to enslave others. Tin
 desire for power, which has been said to be
 inherent in man, is, after all, the impulse of
 uneducated and untrained minds. It is a
 brute force in disguise. It does not in the
 least affect the ability to possess power, whe
 ther he who aims at it be enlightened or ig
 norant—refined or brutal—moral or vicious.
 The more ignorant and brutal he who hold*
 power is, the more offensive and despotic i*
 he in its exercise. There is one kind of power
 which the intelligent man must and will pos
 sess and it is well that he ahonid possess it.
 By a law of our being, we are constrained to
 admire, and to endeavor to imitate those wh&lt;
 are superior to us. This is a kind of moral
 magnetism, by which the superior mind act*
 upon, and brings inferior miuds to its sway.—
 It is a kingcraft which there is no gainsay in;
 no opposing. All other kings beside*
 those who rule in this way, are usurpers.—
 Their power is spurious. It is not obtaine*
 from m right source. And there is no patent
 of nobility but this. Those who claim to b*
 noblemen coder any other patent, are men
 swindlers. They have obtained their title
 deed by forgery '—it is not signed with th«
 Royal signature, nor is the seal of royalty
 attached tu it.
 Tbe South does not want this kind of kings.
 Southern men would gladly, if it were possi
 ble, blot all such out of existence. Tbt
 brute rale of ignorance is that which they
 particularly admire. Tbe schoolmaster it
 felt, and mutt feel himself to be out of place
 amongst auch men. It is necessary, before
 we can admire and wish to imitate thatwhiel.
 is excellent, that we should have a perceptior
 of its excellence. Because the owl, at mid
 day, cannot see the sun, it is no proof that
 the min does not shine. It would seem that
 the South has not even yet strived to tba*
 stators of intelligence which makes one ad
 mire and eodeavor to acquire enlightenment.
 Says the Tallahassis Journal:
 We think it high time that the people of
 the South should depend more upon school
 masters of native growth. The schoolmaster
 f too much abroad; he brings many notions
 tap abroad-read some of them are not al
 friendly to the state tf society at the
 Sooth.”
 Schoolmasters of native growth Why.
 whore are they to get them, if they have no
 schools? When would the districts of Ala
 hums, Mississippi, Georgia and South Caro
 hna, in which you may travel weeks without
 tmlsos they get them from abroad!—
 Schoolmasters am not the indigenous grow th
 of any coil. They mat he cultivated. It
 (•quins yean of careful traising to sake
 schoolmaster Ah, hut "be brings many
ntAam fro. WdfWy
 what i 4 lb* of a aakoolmaaUr, unless h#
 teweho* waHhiag to bis puptis which they
 do wot already knew f |Yee: b*l*‘ hi* pnii
 ctplta are ait always friendly lUbe state ad
 society at the South.”' Ah T that is the 'fife
 colt y. He would tell yout children that it u
 wrong to steal; he would, mayhap, tel! them
 that it is a God-accursed, soul-damning am tn
 etea) a man. H*fcigbt possibly even endeavoi
 to instil into their youthful minds the awful
 monstrosity asserted by some foolish old fa
 natics, who drew up a Declaration of lnde
 peadeoee for a Model KepoWw’ the* ah
 men are created equal.” He might say this,
 without inserting the word tcfuU," before
 men. He might even forget to mention the
 theory of a certain very benevolent, philan
 thropic, and sagacious modem philosopher,
 who thought that only one man was created
 —oil the rest were born,” thereby making
 those same foolish old fanatics who penned
 that Deelaraiioit stultify themselves moei
 abominably, when they talked of aH men be
 ing created equal,” when in fact only one
 man was created equal—to himself. This is
 what the schoolmasters might do for the
 South and it is just exactly what the South
 does not want. It is not friendly the state
 of Society at the South.”
 Northern men behold your rulera! They
 are ignorant, and don't want to learn they
 are vicious, and don't desire to improve they
 are brutal, and are content to remain steeped
 to the lips in pollution and iniquity! Are
 you willing to be ruled b such men Are
 you not suffering from the corrupting effects of
 their evil influences Are you not becoming
 a hissing and a by-word among the nations, in
 consequence of your paiticipation in and suf
 ferance of their crimes I Shake them OS',
 then Bring down the usurpers from their
 seat of power; and let this be your rallyjug
 cry, as you commence your onward march to
 honor, virtue and happiness— w No Union
 with slaveholders!”— j.d.
Southern Testimony.
 A word of commendation from a friend is
 sometimes cheering and encouraging, seiving
 to lighten labor, and to stimulate to exertion.
 More efficient to this end, is the constrained
 confession of an enemy. He is not liable to
 be misled by the blinding partiality of attach*
 ment, or prevented j&gt;y an unwillingness to
 give offence, from speaking the true sentiments
 of his inind. Particularly gratifying,then, to
 colored men must be the following extract
 from the Mobile Tribune. It is the involun
 tary confession of one who is far from having
 any partiality for the coloted race He will
 yet see greater things than these
 Recently the ‘colored people’ of the free
 States held a National Convention at Cleve
 land, Ohio. They drew up and published an
 address to their brethren in those States,
 which is rather remarkable for the exhibition
 of a great deal of earnestness and considerable
 ability. To show what plans these men have
 to elevate themselves in the social, scale, we
 extract below a portion of the address. The
 immediate tendency of these sentiments will
 inevitably be to array against the convention
 ists the white industrial population of the
 free States.
 “The colored people have made rapid strides
 in some respects at the Noith; and as we
 hold that the two races cannot exist together
 on anything like equal terms, the result of their
 progress will be to array the stronger side
 against them: and we may -have
 such scenes at the North as the abolitionists
 in their fury are trying to stimulate at the
 South.”
 This editor, however, evidences a lamenta
 ble ignorance or misapprehension of the effect
 of education, and of the state of society in
 the North. An intelligent and moral man, let
 his color be what it may, cannot fail to com
 mand the respect and esteem of his fellow
 citizens. It is not so much the prevalence of
 prejudice—though that also is sufficiently ram
 pant—as the cowardly necessity which the
 majority of Northern men imagine they are
 under, to act fashionably, and to hold fashion
 able sentiments. The one is equally mean
 and irrational with the other—or rather of the
 two, the latter reason is the meanest and most
 irrational. He is a mean and ignorant man
 whose prejudice prevents him from discovering
 what right is, but more mean and dastardly is
 he who knowing the right, is deterred, by the
 fear of getting into a minority, from carrying
 it into practice.
 The patagraph above quoted gives an illus
 tration of the sort of bugbears of which the
 South either is or preteods to be afraid.—
 What a terrible picture of blood, slaughter,
 and fury presents itself to the vivid imagina
 tions of these negro-haters How do they
 shudder and shrink at the bare possibility oi
 the two races existing together on equal
 terms' A false education has filled their
 minds with the idea that the colored man is
 not a man, or, at least, that he ia a man of
 inferior order. Puv it is, that these boasters
 of their supeiiot intellects and supeiior race,
 cannot now have an opportunity of conversing
 with their very intelligent and refined ances
 tors, who, a few hundred years since, painted
 their skins, to keep them warm, for lack of a
 better covering. Wonder if their ideas of
 propriety w ould permit of their claiming kin
 died with thoee piebald gentlemen
 Wbat the scenes are that this timid writer
 imagines that the “abolitionists, in their fury,
 are trying to stimulate at the South,” it ia
 rather difficult to imagine. Is it, then, such
 a very fearful and crying evil to teaeh men
 that they sat men ?—to tell thrm that they
 belong to themselves, and are the property of
 oo one else?—to instruct them that labor has
 rights, ar.d that every man who labors should
 be paid for hi* k|or Are these very devil
 ish or Does the idea of
 all meo doing justly and loving mercy, pre
 sent such a horrible picture for contemplation?
 Ob, the misery and madness of a perverted
 intellect! Could such writers see the appalling
 picture presented by Southern slaveholding
 atrocity, through an nnjaundieed medium,
 they wool! net require to call imagination to
 their aid in order to provide for themselves a
 picture of horror and wretchedness. Fact
 is ofttimes stranger and more horrible than fic
 tion.—i. o.
Runaway Slaves. —We learn from the
 Maysville (Ky.)Herald, that several slave*
 belonging to tbatcity escaped from their roas
 ters on Saturday night. Three runaways
 fam Montgomery were captured a abort die
 tanea below Maysville, on Sunta* sod taken
 bark.
Tb#jaople ofUmied Suu* oae
 &gt;0 w# of ufooo tooooUr—*bout
 »ofh gmo Jbr ftpuiafa etftn.
IT® tfco rtonis mi 1 ttirty mad Jostles
 la Ohio ami Mlaia.
 LlA* a committee appointed for the purpo*.
 P ‘’Fncnda” of the Congregational order
 (MlPTffcd in Annual Meeting at Green Plains,
 Clark county, Ohio on the 88th and 29tb of
 the teeth month, 1848, we address you upo-«
 the subject of the unjust and iniquitous lawt
 which make distinctions between persons ou
 account of color. W® suffer with fou under
 a sense of the degraded position we occupy j n
 the estimation of the wise and good the world
 over, by the continuance of these relics of a
 lest enlightened ago upon our statute hooka.
 We mourn with you the corruption of the
 moral sense of our people they engender and
 wa are armed wnh you in sympathy with
 the most deeply injured portion of our
 countrymen, who are rendered the subject# of
 so much injustice contumely and scorn by
 their existence. Impicssed with these senti
 ments we desire to bring into activity such an
 instrumentality as shall effect their annihilation.
 To do this, all that seems to us to be necessa
 ry, is to sronse and concentrate against
 them the moral sense of tbo men and women
 of our land. We believe the politicians who
 shape the legislation of the State, await only
 such action of the people, as shall demonstrate
 to them what is our desire m the matter. To
 obtain a concentrated expression of the public
 will, we piopoee that every man and woman
 into whose hands this address may fall, and
 who believes in the propriety of effecting the
 object at w hich we aim, shall consider himself
 or herself especially called upon to circulate
 ihe following or some similar petition, obtain
 every name which can be had in favour of the
 measure and to see that it shall be transmit
 ted to some member of the legislature at an
 early day for presentation.
 Dear friends if you will but unite with us
 in a vigorous, persevering and simultaneous
 effort, it is in our power, no doubt, now to ac
 complish this most desirable result. Who
 will be idle, who negligent, in the preform
 ance of this high duty
 Thomas Pennock Jonathan Huddleson
 Thomas Swayne Cato Allen
 Huldah Kester Valentine Nicholson
 Fredchick Hoover Acrsah Williams
 Ruth Dcgdale A. Broke
 form of petition.
 To the Senate and House of Representatives
 in the State of
 The undersigned, residents of the Slate
 of .respectfully represent that we be
 lieve that all laws making distinctions between
 persona on account of color, are unwise and
 injurious to both while «nd black, and highly
 iniquitous; and we therefore, respectfully re
 que?t you to repeal all laws upon our statute
 hooks creating such distinctions.
 All editors friendly to the object please
 copy.
William and Mary Howitt.* —ln a letter
 from Mr. Howitt, received a short time since,
 he says—‘We trust vnu are quite restored to
 your usual health. You are not to believe
 that we are coming to livo in America. We
 propose, however, to pay you a visit.’ Moat
 happy shall we be to welcome these accom
 plished triends to our shotes. Their literary
 fame, their active sympathy for suffering hu
 manity, their deep interest in every branch of
 reform, will procure for them a wprm recep
 tion in whatever part of this broad land they
 may travel—always excepting its slave-cursed
 regions. Should they give their impressious
 of what they may see and hear, during their
 sojourn, in ihe shape of a book, we are suro
 they will ‘nothing extenuate, nor set down
 aught in malice,’ but will furn sh a most in
 teresting volume. At what time they expect
 to leave England, no mention is made fn the
 letter.— Liberator.
Emancipation in Kentucky. —Pending
 the canvass in Kentucky, for members of the
 Convention to amend the Constitution, a spir
 ited discussion is going on throughout the
 State upon the policy or impolicy of Emanci
 pation. The ablest politicians in the State
 are engaged in the f ra y. This is all we could
 ask. In a free and fair debate truth must be
 triumphant. Among the advocates of slavery
 is G. W. Johnson, the late Democratic candi
 date for Governor. Judging by the numer
 ous appeals to them, the white laboring pop
 ulation must have acquired a vast importance
 in the contest. We look to the i.ssue of this
 struggle with much interest.—JV. Y. Evang.
The Plan for Introducing Slavery.—
 We learn from the Fayette (Howard co.)
 Times, that Judge Beard and family, of Tex
 as, passed up the river last Sunday week on
 on his way to New Mexico. He goes out by
 authority of the Governor of Texas, as Judge
 New Mexico. Texas intends, we suppose
 to assert her paper title, and the confession of
 President Polk in support of her claim to the
 land and the jurisdiction of that part of the
 country known as New-Mexico. If success
 ful in establishing her right, as may very pos
 sibly be the case—President Polk having all
 ready acknowledged it—ihe introduction of
 slavery goes with it. This is a condition of
 things which ihe Northern folks do not seem
 to have considered, although the President
 doubtless did, when he recognized the right of
 Texas the soil and jurisdiction, upon the shab
 biest pretext that ever governed a statesman
 in so important a matter [S* Louis Renub.
 !ltl. r
Recovered Lake. —A singular accident
 occurred on the Michigan Central Railway.
 It became necessary to carry a grading of em
 bankment of fifteen feet high across a low
 piece of ground, containing about 100 acrea,
 nearly dry enough for plow-land. When they
 had advanced with the grading for aome dis
 tance, it became too heavy for the soil to aup
 port, the crust of the earth broke in, and the
 embankment sunk down into seventy-nine
 feet of water! It appears that the piece of
 ground had been a lake, and bad collected a
 soil of mots, peat, muck.fitc., on its surface
 apparenlly from teo to fifteen feet thick, which
 had become hardened and dry enough for farm
 purposes.
Metallic Paint.—A singular and osefel
 discover? of an Artificial Slate has been made
 Bibb, of Ohio. When taken from the
 mine, this substance presents the appearance
 of the purest indigo, about as bard as cold
 tsHow. It is applied by forming it into paint,
 and mixing with linseed oil. A slate roof j»
 b? means of this mixture given to a bouse, by
 simply painting it. There are of course many
 other ways in which it esa be advantageously
 and economically used.
Dow* with the Constitution. The
 Bowon Bee says that a paper [the Anti-Sla
 *ery Bogle, of coorsej published in Sabot,
 Ohio, thus talks of the Constitution
 “The Constitution doesn’t deserve recoding
 —no honest roan ought to touch it, nor can he
 without becoming defiled. It is a far greater
 tyrant than was Lotus Philtppe, and if the
 men of France wets justified is overturning
 the throne by violence, the me® of Amerie®
 ou k /““A* lb. ConMi
 tuuon by the same means.” It i® a hoary
 headed despot that baa ruled over them for
 seventy years, and it is more than time that it
 was hurled from its place, and the sceptre of
 its dominion broken. In the name of God
 and Liberty, down with the Constitution
Moot of Euctiko tie President and
 Vice President. —The Presidential electors
 bj the people, aeeemhb in the capital*
 of their States, as soon aa possible after they
 ate elected, and vote fer lie candidates rtf their
 •®«fl®. Having recorded their vete, copies of
 it ar® mad® and forwarded to Washington by
 •p*e*Ri mnmwgor The vote* of all ih®
 Stagnate opened in the presence of both
 Houses of Confiow, and the reenk pissed a®
 record
"
