"(Communication#.
Nov. 15, 1816.
 Mom*. Editor* Having ii ray Hi
 communication endeavored show lira uo
 kmdnew and absurdity of the charge of "bos
 nlity to the Anti-Slavery movement,” pie
 fened againtt certain colored churches in this
 Hty, I shall proceed now to fulfil the pro
 imse, then partially made, of exposing souk
 of the emmeoes views upon which l concern
 the charge to be founded. I shall confine roj
 romarka exclusively to what has been aaid re
 »pccting St. Thomas’ Church.
 In the attempt to show that church to b*
 hostile,” it ha* been affirmed, in the meet
 unqualified terms, that its doors arc bam*
 against the cause of the slave, and to iti
 pulpit are welcomed Episcopalian slaveholder!
 and slavery defenders.” This, truly, is a
 very grave charge: it places the church in the
 attitude of or/*i&gt; hostility against the caused
 freedom—she is not even allowed the consola
 tory plea of neutrality, but is represented a*
 performing her servile task with all that fi
 delity and leal that characterises the pampered
 mental; not content with boluog, bui
 must see to it that her doors are also barret!
 against the cause of the slave while, on
 the other hand, Episcopal slaveholders and
 slavery defenders' are, with the most pro
 found obsequiousness, “welcomed to hei
 pulpit.” Now, assertions like these ought
 not to have been made without being accom
 panied with something to support them. But
 they have been made w ithout the least shadow
 of proof, which we moot peremptorily de
 mand. These assertions are in perfect keep
 ing with the general charge itself, which is
 founded on assumption. It is assumed, in the
 first place, that the P. E. Church in the
 United States is hostile to the Anti-Slavery
 movement, and that St. Thomas Church is
 connected with her in that hostility; hence, i
 the illegitimate conclusion that St. Thomas
 Church is hostile. But has it been shown
 that the Episcopal Church, either in her gen
 eral or Diocesan Conventions, has ever de
 clared herself hostile to Anti-Slavery? Thi.-
 must be done first, and afier that is done, the
 particular link must be pointed out which
 holds St. Thomas’ Church in the same hos
 tile position. All this must be shown before
 anything like a sirong case can be made out.
 We shall wait patiently until an attempt ni
 this kind is witnessed. It cannot be expected
 of us to disprove mere assertions. In can
 dor, we must nevertheless acknowledge, thai
 in the endeavor to expose our superstitious
 notions” concerning the church, and the ab
 surdity of excluding Irorn the pulpit all ex
 cept regularly ordained ministers, we think
 something of the form, if we do not feel the
 force of argument, and it may not be amiss j
 to pay due respect to it. Colored Episco
 palians, as well* as while ones, excuse them
 selves for not opening their churches to anti
 slavery meetings, on the gtound that those
 churches are dedicated to the worship of God,
 and that it would therefore be using the house
 improperly to throw it open for such pur
 poses.” This is pronounced a superstitious
 doctriue.” And to prove beyond all doubt
 iflWt it is a superstitious doctrine, we are told
 that “the Jew ish religion sanctified times and
 places, and set them apart for certain forms
 and ceremonies, Christ found them ail in ex
 istence and left them destroyed.” Quite a
 new discovery But I beg leave, with due
 deference, to submit the following queries
 Was not the feast of Pentecost one of the
 sanctified times?” and did not the Temple
 at Jerusalem occupy one of the sanctified
 places?” Furthermore, did not Christ, ten
 days after his ascension, send down the Holy
 Ghost upon the Apostles and brethren on that
 very day, while they were all with one accord
 in one place How then does this historical
 fact agree with the assertion that Christ found
 them all in existence and left them destroyed l
 It clearly appears, that we have in this in
 stance, at least, one of the sanctified times ot
 the Jewish religion, impressively marked by
 the Divine Author of Christianity himself.
 For it must be borne in mind that the Petne
 cost alluded to, happened to be on the first day
 of the week, the Lord’s day, commonly called
 Sunday.
 Having taken a view of the awful wreck
 and wide-spread desolation of the “sanctifiec
 times and places” that Christ left,” I shall
 pursue my course in search of additional light
 on superstitious doctrines.” To show that
 consecrated churches were never contem
 plated by Christ in the new' dispensation
 which he established, we are referred to the
 interesting conversation that took place be
 tween our Lord and the woman of Samaria.
 One design which the Lord evidently had in
 that conversation, was, to put to rest the
 question that existed between the Jews an&lt;j
 Samaritans at that time, respecting the placx
 where worship should be paid, whether at
 Jerusalem or on Mount Genzzim. The Jews
 held to the former, while the Samaritans held
 to the latter place. The Saviour, predicting
 the general spread of his religion, when
 churches would be established in every quar
 ter of the world, and not confined as then to a
 particular place, he said to her, The houi
 cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain
 nor in Jerusalem worship the Father.”—
 God is a spirit, and they that worship him
 must worship him in spirit and in truth.”—
 We arc told, that the idea of temple wor
 ship is here clearly disclaimed.” This para
 graph is aomew hat ambiguous lamat a loss
 which of two meanings to attach to it.—
 Whether the worship of a church, or the
 worship of God in a church, be thee idea
 clearly disclaimed, wc are not here informed.
 W e have the precise meaning, perhape, in the
 following sentence The house which God
 requires, is a spiritual one that is, an in
 visible one. 1 his, we are to understand, was
 the sura oi our Lord s leaching to the woman
 of Samaria, touching the |*&gt;jnt under consid
 matron. The idea of dedicating churches to
 the worship of God, is entirely scouted. He
 designed no other than “spiritual houses
 While 1 say noting aga,,,* spiritual bouses.
 I msy, in behalf of visible ones, ask how the
 conduct of the apostles is to be accounted fot
 in establishing churches in Asia, Africa and
 Europe. Were their minds enveloped in the
 darkness oi superstitious error with regard to
 the instructions of their master on this point T
 And if they mistook bis meaning, t* it not
 passing strange that this error was not recti
 fied by our Lord, when lie appeared in vision
 half# century afterwards to the venerable
 Aposde, John, oo the I*W of Psubo* Bai
fcr *ll U firm rectifying, the* he coo
 finned the eo-celied laptraiifioai actios, ky
 •Uncling John M write,” not to the ievu*-
 Ma, but 4 to the ‘vwbla’ aagek of tin atvao
 ehurelaa w A«l h After film
 tin of wch high authority, «c shall surely
 be penloeed if we cootiooe to held to the so
 called superstitious notions of fcfatif
 churches to the worship of God—ill that has
 been said to the euetrary not withstood mg.—
 For we cannot but think that the holy apostles
 understood the in**iruction* of the Savioor on
 this point a little better than those who would
 break our heads for being to shamefully de
 juded. B'tf perhaps the greet superstition
 complained of, lies, not in the dedication of a
 church to God, butm considering it 44 too holy
 to plead the cause of injured man therein.”—
 Now I readily grant, that if it were so con
 sidered, it would indeed he superstition blind.
 But 1 deny that it is so The
 supposition that it is so considered could never
 be derived from a consideration jpf the form of
 consecration itself, nor from the avowed senti
 ments of those who realise the sacred ness of
 the obligation imposed upon them by the act.
 That 1 do not consider the church too holy to
 plead the cause of injured man thereto, is
 clearly admitted by my animadvertist, when
 he refers to a canon of the church which pro
 hibits all except ordained ministers from occu
 pying the pulpit. It is admitted here that or
 dained ministers may plead the cause of in
 jured man in the church, and not thereby be
 considered as 44 using the house of God im
 properly.”
 This weak point being discovered, and
 no other resource being at band to defend it,
 a desperate attempt is made to fortify it by
 ridiculing the idea of ordination in the follow
 ing witticism: 44 The devil, in holy orders
 would be received, while Christ, unordained,
 would be rejected.” To hold up the ludi
 crous picture of 44 the devil in holy orders”
 before the minds of the frivolous, might be
 quite conclusive from this summary processi
 such a one might be laughed into a full con
 viction that ordination is the grossest absurdity
 that can bo conceived of. But the reflecting
 know how to appreciate an argument like the
 above. They know that no just conclusion
 can be reached by supposing impossible events.
 The above argument, stripped of its extrava
 gant dress of wit, would amount to this: A
 bad man, in holy orders would be received,
 while a good man, unordained, would be re
 jected. How conclusive against the idea ot
 ordaining any set of men with exclusive au
 thority to minister in holy things! Wth the
 aid of his salanic majesty 44 in holy orders,”
 ordained ministers are driven to the winds,
 with one omnipotent sweep. The “bolts and
 bars” of churches are now spiritualized—
 their doors now opened as by magic at the
 stately approach of the unordained who
 of course, must be good, because they are
 “unordained.” The tables are completely
 turned. Should the man, Christ Jesus, whom
 ■‘God the Father hath ordained,” make his ap
 pearance, He must be rejected, 44 because he
 is “ordained! This is the new order of
 things that must be understood, to prevent
 ‘the devil in holy orders” from occupying the
 pulpit. And here I would say, that while St.
 Thomas 1 church acknowledges no bolts and
 aars” against the cause of the slave; while
 ihe does not consider her sacred edifice too
 loly to plead therein 44 the cause of injured
 uan,” it is fortunate for her that she has a
 :anon to guard against the erroneous notions
 that have passed in review before us, the pro
 mulgation of which can have no other than
 an injurious effect upon the young and
 thoughtless.
 If the rising generation are to be taught
 that such passages of scripture as the follow
 ing—“ Reverence my sanctuary; Holiness be
 cometh thy house forever My house is the
 house of prayer”—if they are to be taught
 that such passages are all obsolete, of no
 force whatever except in a spiritual sense—if
 they are to be told that the idea of conse
 crated times and places is superstitious”—
 that “we need meeting-houses,” notchurches,
 (lor there is a wide distinction between a
 meeting-house and a church) —that an ordain
 ed ministry is only a form of hu
 man invention; —if these notions are hence
 forth to form the basis of their future practice,
 then we instinctively recoil from the moral
 ruin, desolation and misery that will thereby
 be the inevitable result. To describe here,
 would be vain to attempt—a limner is re
 quired that can trace bis lines with die from
 perdition’s gulf. I drop the pen, leaving the
 doleful scene to be sketched out in the horror
 stricken imagination of your numerous read
 ers. Yours, as ever, for the elevation of our
 people, w. D.
 Nov. 15, 1848.
 Sirs: The history of the following
 production is simply this: The principrl of a
 popular and flourishing academy, in a small
 country town in New England, desired a
 class of young girls to each produce an essay
 upon some distinguished man in Massachu
 setts. The writer of the following, a young
 girl of my acquaintance, innocently supposed
 that an essay upon the character of William
 Lloyd Garrison would be just what her teach
 er had requested. She was however soor
 convinced of her mistake, by the fact that be
 examined and corrected all the compositions
 for the rest of the class, while he kept hers
 two or three days, snd then returned it to her,
 saying that he had not had time to inspect it;
 and although previous to this he had been
 anxious for her to write s composition every
 week, he then told her she might be excused
 from writing again during the term.
 It was written about three years ago, but
 being accidentally mislaid, I was unable to
 get a copy of it until recently. I for its
 publication in the North Star, not only be
 cause I wish to encourage the young writers
 of such essays, who have had their produc
 tions slighted snd spurned, but because I wish
 also to expose the contemptible meanness of
 that servile tool of a pro-slavery public opin
 ion who oecupied the place of a teacher.
 ISAAC C. KENYON.
 William Liard Garris**.
 Among the many distinguished men of
 Massachusetts at the present tows, and at
 those who seem likely to occupy a prominent
 place in the wodto history, ia William Ltoyd
 Garrison. ttleott of ram order,
 and a spirit of eWiutorestoe henevoleoee, ao
 one is batter calculated to do good to hit
 fellow-man, or to leavt a brighter example of
 lovs fix th# imiftiod at fvtwm generations.
At tbe pwoeer »«N of the warn glensee
 mm of tbe preeeit ego, bfe bit mtmAetod
 degree at tmnmu* taaaamm end moral
 courage which eeghc, end deobtlem will, ea-'
 ettre toh«a eamaaodkmcr Hat shad eat-'
 lit tbe cbtpiet at earth** proudest eeoqaerory
 end berees.
 He arm bare eed edeeeted is comparative
 obscurity, wttboet wealth or influence. Wbes
 tbe great quest** at tbe eatversal brother
 hood of man excited hit aitonlion, though
 popular opinioa end prejudice wen strong lv
 •gaioM him, be beaitated eel a gin utterance
 a tbe connctioaa at hie heart, and rebuke
 the tpint of oppreeaoa wberenr it might be
 foaad.
 With tbe aoebanging truth at hit guide,
 and a fiim treat in tbe goedeea of God at hit
 thield, he ttood alooe and unfriended amid the
 whirlwind of paaaioe that followed tbe declar
 ation of bit atern truth. A few who dated t«»
 apeak for tbe right, at length gave their aid to
 his noble work; and tbe pore flame of kbertj,
 which waa first lighted in a dceolste garret,
 in Boston, now bums in a thousand patriotic
 hearts, and illuminates tbe social circle.
 Though numerous are tbe advocates of kit
 principles, be baa still much to contend with,
 and few understand his motina or appreciate
 bit labors, for his spirit continues in advance
 of the mass of mankind; and not until his
 earthly mission is over, sod he reaps the re
 ward of his toils in a purer realm than earth,
 and human nature, in its onward march to
 perfection, reaches tbe goal to which he ap
 proximates, will hia devotion and sacrifices be
 valued and hia fame established. It is not,
 however, for such an end that he has borne
 the burden and heat of the day during his
 stiuggle for liberty; for had he yielded to the
 influence of the popular errors of the times
 instead of the flood of bitter persecution which
 has ever engulfed him, he might now have
 been drinking of the cup of prosperity, and
 dwelling in the sunshine of earthly fame; but
 he chose reproach and ridicule rather than be
 false to the convictioos of his heart.
 I do not say that there are no others who
 have labored for an object ao exalted and be
 nevolent; but I know of no other case in
 modern times where one alone has stood be
 fore a whole nation as powerful as this, and
 exposed its sins and combated with its loved
 institutions. Clarkson once stood in a similar
 positiou, but the sympathies of some of the
 ablest men of bis age were with him.—
 O’Connell has the power of England to con
 tend with, but many hearts throb with interes;
 to watch his movements, and he is the admira
 tion and wonder of the world. But Garrison
 alone first proclaimed his views, and compara
 tively alone he maintains them. Happy wil
 it be in future times for tbe children whose
 ancestors have labored with him for the rights
 of man; but thrice happy they who now
 struggle with him to dispel darkness and dis
 seminate light in the earth. W hen timeshal
 have laid Bunker Hill monument of stone in
 the dust—when then the outward emblems of
 past ages have yielded to the destroyer, the
 memory of Garrison will be enshrined in many
 a heart, and the recollection of his love to man
 be returned with gratitude from ransomed
 millions. C. M. C.
 London, Oct. 27, 1848.
 Dear Sir :—Thing* are goiug on here so
 rery quietly, that there is little tu be said ol
 public interest. Messrs. O'Brien, McManns,
 O'Donohue and Meagher, have all been tried
 and found guilty of high treason. The evi
 deuce against the first three was too strong to
 be resisted, but considerable difficulty was
 found in convicting Meagher. He appears tu
 me to be decidedly the best of the Irish patri
 ots. His youth, honesty, unselfishness
 and general nobility of character, have all pro
 cured for him much sympathy. But it is
 much to be regretted that a man of such tal
 ents, and such purity of purpose, should al
 low himself to be carried away by a cause
 which cannot possibly be productive of benefit.
 If the eloquence which he employed in de
 nouncing past injuries, raking up old griev
 ances, and exciting national animosities, had
 been used to inculcate patience, industry and
 forgiveness, he might thus have done much to
 elevate the character of the mass of the Irish
 people, and at the same time to bring thcii
 selfish landlords to a sense of their duties and
 responsibilities. There cannot be a doubt that
 the mass of the English people are mos&lt;
 anxious for justice to Ireland,” and there
 fore only evil can flow* from a course which
 tends to excite ill-will between the two races.
 The Church of Ireland is a grievous burden—
 a perfect incarnation of robbery but the Eng
 lish Church isan iniquity, and ao is the Church
 of Scotland. Why, then, should blame be
 put upon Saxon shoulders for oppressions
 which equally with the Celt* they are groan
 ing under 1 It is perfectly surprising to see
 writers on your side of tbe Atlantic taking
 up the subject in the manner they do. If you
 want to benefit Ireland, subscribe your mone\
 —not to buy pikee, but to invest in railroads
 and works of public utility. Send over, not
 warriors, but missionaries, who will teach the
 people perseverance, industry and peaceful
 habits and at tbe exme time by their exam
 ple inculcate independence of spirit and hon
 esty of conduct, and depend upon it, you will
 emancipate Ireland much sooner than by send
 ing a starving nation, to keep idle holidays ot
 tbe mountain, and cheer claptrap speech**
 about Saxon misdoings two hundred year*
 old.
 Sentence of death has been passed upon all
 the prisoners, in the usual barbarous form,
 which ia ao utter disgrace to our Governnem
 to hava retained upon the statute-book
 especially after universal disgust had ben
 created by it a few yean ago in the ease ot
 Frost, William*, and Jones. Hie aaoteec*
 will not be carried out. a universal feeling pre
 vailing in favor of clemency.
 Tbe Emperor of Austria has been agmii
 driven sway from his capital by a rebellion or
 the people, in which two of the ministry were
 assassinated in x most atrocious manner. Tb
 Diet cnotianoo to sit in Vienna, and seem t&lt;
 have assumed the same attitude towards tbt
 Emperor as oor Parhaotoot did to Chnriaa the
 First at the uuuimanmnwH of the civil war.
 They do not wish to break with the Emperor
 hot neither will they submit to hia despotic
 measures. Tbe Haagmriaa Parham in
 also in rabaihoe, end mm m army to tb
 support of tbe VieneeM, which, however,
 hen since withdraw*. It probable, howev
 er, that the Emperor wfll he supported by tb
 Regent of Genoaey, aatj on condition of eo»
 Oflpdng e CoofliitMtiMd Omomomm, whftob
to 4*. b&gt;MfW4ll&gt;faWMtb»
 Tbe n kdtm to to», tort 4m mi nfa
 rapid pmgt—■ Ttowai ia Lm4m ton
 been*wfew, urfntoiMlbeen mswdwd
 Decenary to publish rega v ballerina, w
 there ate not more itoa two or three com
 day. Ia mne other towns it haa beea nufcei
 wane, bet Edinburgh to the only place when
 it caa be wid fairly to have got a footing.—
 There hare beea about two baadted cue
 there, of which about owe bead red bare died
 la the Ediabargb return*, Leith aad New
 baeea are included. Leith to the piaee when
 it ragee most.
 There to to be a meeting at Exeter Halt or
 Monday evening to receive aotne of the prin
 cipal members of the Peace Convention lately
 held at Brumells. I have do doubt it will to
 a good meeting", aad bare its effect on pa bin
 opinion.
 It generally supposed that the govern
 raent ioteoda to prepare a plan for tne endow
 meat of the Catholic priests in Ireland; tor
 aa many of the Catholics themselves aril
 unite with all the dissenters and with tto
 Evangelical party in the church,to oppose Ml
 a measure, they will hare much difficulty n
 carrying it. Indeed, 1 do not believe the]
 will carry it at all, becauje all classes wil
 unite against such a costly scheme at a tin*
 of so much financial difficulty. So for wan
 of meant, if not in consequence of public rir
 tue,government bribery will be found impract j
 cable. There to nothing for it here and else
 where, but justice—pure justice to all—whicl
 to the only legitimate end of government.
 0 R. S. D.
Wrjting tor the Press.—Oye Poets am
 Prosere, who aspire to write in the miscella
 nies, and above all, O ye palpitating untried
 who meditate the offer of your maiden essayi
 to established periodicals, take care, pray y t
 take care tv cultvate a good, plain, bold, roum
 (ext. Set up Tomkins as well as Pope oi
 Dryden, for a model, and have an eye to youi
 pot-hooks. So me persons hold that the besi
 writers are those* who write the best hands
 and I have know A the conductor of a maga
 zine to be convene d by a Grabbled MS., ti
 the same opinion. tOf all things, therefore, be
 legible; and to that end practice penmanship,
 tf you have never lean ted, take lessons. Be
 mre to buy the best pa.*&gt;er, the best ink, the
 &gt;est pens, and then sit do wn and do the best
 pou can; as school boys do—put out youi
 ongue and take pains. So* shall ye happily
 escape the rash ejection of a jaded editor sc
 laving got into your hamd, it is possible
 hat your head may follow and so last, not
 east, ye may fortunately avert those awful
 nistakes of the press, which sometimes ruin a
 joet’s sublimest effusion, by pan tominrcall)
 ransforming his roses into noses, a .ad his an
 gels into angles, and all his happiness intc
 jappiness.— Hood.
 The Cherokee Nation.—The Nariona
 [Convention met on the 2d ultimo, and on the
 Id ultimo, in joint ballot, elected judges am
 solicitors for the respective districts. On the
 Ith the acting principle chief, George Lowry
 sent in a message brief and business like. Ii
 icknowledges, in fitting and gratef .11 ingu ige
 the Divine goodness as shown to the Cherokee
 nation, the abundance of crops, and the in
 ireasing industry and geneial prosperity oi
 the people; regrets the “killing of the noto
 rious Starr boys,” and says that they ought
 to have been tried by a jury, and strongly de
 predates the system of Lynch law lays th&lt;
 dame of such local disturbances as have oc
 surred updh the use of intoxicating drinks
 mvs the common schools have d«»uo well; re
 jjteis that the mission to Washington on thi
 iHairs of the nation had been attended with
 no certain results; and exhorts the Council it
 its deliberations to be influenced o ily by patriot
 ism.— Nat. Int.
 I have spoken of labor as one of thi
 great elements of our s«»ciety, the great sub
 stantial interest on which we all stand. No
 feudal service, not predial toil, not the irk
 some drudgery by one race of mankind
 subjected, on account of color, to the contru
 of another race of mankind; but labor, intelli
 gent, manly, independent, thinking and acting
 for its* If, earning its own ages, accumulating
 those wages into capital, becoming a part o
 society and of our social system, educating
 childhood, maintaining worship, claiming thi
 right of the elective franchise, and helping t&lt;
 uphold the great fabric of the State. That s
 American Labor, and I confess that all m;
 sympathies are with it, and my voice, until
 am dumb, will be for it.”— Dan. Webster.
 Shame on it!—No northern city has
 greater reparation to make, in regaid to its fe
 rocious opposition to ihi anti-slavery move
 rnent, and its houible treatment of its free col
 ored population, than Philadelphia; and n
 one is, apparently, more callous in heart, o
 destitute of a redeeming spirit. Of the 53
 627 votes polled in the city and county c
 Philadelphia, only 877 were given for th
 Free Soil ticket And this where Quakcrisr
 so extensively prevails! The degenerate du
 ciples of Penn and Fox, it is alleged, went e
 masse for the man of blood and oppressor *j
 his race! Of what value are their testimonie
 against slavery, and in favor of peace ?—IM
 orator.
Commercial
Kochesteb. N®». 23,1848.
 The produce market baa been fir* during tbe weak
 at prerious prices. Tb* small quantity of Flour is
 .\&gt;w York as compared aitb tbs bat year, mod the
 foreign demand baa had a tendency to giee a buoy,
 aory to themaiket here, operators reiyi&lt; goa aa
 rarh close ol canal navigation to adraoce pores.
 Floor has heeu taken at ft 5 during tbe past week for
 good brands of Genesee, and we notice a sals of 40
 tibU yesterday at 5 12J.
 RnrhMtsr Wholesale M«« Current.
 FLOUR abd MEAL—D«y P
 Flour, rbbl
 Com rneul, ff bush
 PROVISIONS—Duty; Berta,
 Butter and Lard, 20 fe; Chusee Wf esdral
 Pork fMM) 14 00
 Drit? 400 450
 nV? f S 50 4 90
 dTST *OO 800
 Lard (tried) p»
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hama, (smoked) J
 Shoulders, do. I
 Turkeys p
 Chickens
 Potatoes, busk. ..Zb
 GRAIN—Duty; p e ad ml
 Wheat, bush I
 Cora
 m M
 Oau
 Burley
 HIDES—Duty; i^esdssl
 Sliitfker H
 ■mSrT
 Lpuhs 11l 22
 SEEDS—Doty; L«needlor«; Mustard 20 t
 cad ml
 SSL 12i
 fSi 7 122
 Ceddsh cwt
 •URDRIES
 Buk.r»&gt;N- 1 2
 Annies. fM*
 D*. dried 3
 iS I
 CkWusd s. I tr j
 3s 1
Piomw.
 T 5. MO,^L OFFICE, fa farafahr
 'wnwnw or rran| «n mmhmtu mm aespnaeb
 nil mm print faori,
 SwjpMnM, ofeSSifc BtfLoTudfaf
 PiMpUM, CWtk, Labels, Ac.
 W
 VTARRATIVE OP THE LIFE OF FEEDER
 i ICE OOUGLkSS. by hamsetf. to la
 bad at this ofin, price 10 m,.
 Cfarnm toe i.Ei»BM.
 rIE ANTI-SLAVERT OFFICE READ
 IRQ tOOR. No. 2S, BtoWo Street. Tfa
 R««m fa omtly fawfal, Md the table* fified wrtJ
 ant of Da beet Ami-StaTery, Ttafenace, Reb
 fion, WWri awl literary Paper*.
 BOOKS, he., F* Safa at A* A»T!-Surt«i
 Oittei It Rxadiwq Room, No. IS BdU
 at., Bacaad Store omaafae to* Arcade:
 Narrative of Frederick |W
 JoKfatTiLr.
 Portrait
 Hpaaaar «a UorrmtitoTaauliu of Sfavare.
 w 7 Phillip* reply to do.
 Legion of Liberty.
 Shivery Hfaatratod by he effect oa Woaan.
 Abo a rich variety of Fairy aad aarful artiebi
 made by the Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society.
 Sew Watch All Jewelry Stere.
 JOHN KEDZIE haviag changed bis partaerahi|
 relation*, baa removed bis Shop two door:
 North to !fo. 11, State Street, where he fa prepare:
 MMceasfolly to compete in the sale of an entire nee
 Stock of Good*, consisting of Gold and Sihrca
 English, Anchor, Horisonta) an 1 Vertical Watches
 Gold Guard and Fob Chain*. Gold Scab and Keys
 OoH and Silver Pencils, Spectacle* and Thimble*
 Gold Ear-Riaga, Bracelets, and Finder-Ring*— c
 food assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ ant
 Gentlemen’* Breast-Pins, new style; double ant
 sinfb Hunting gold and pbtod Ucketi, Gold Pens
 beat quality, Silver and Shell Combe aad Case*.
 Fine Cutlery, he. he.
 The above and a variety of other d&lt;*sirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particutarU
 desired that the goods should be exami ned, and
 prices ascertained, before pnrebasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 e m mnfecture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 oth»r Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 e intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Br*** Eight-day, 90 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.--Call and see them.
 ATCH REPAI RING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. 9.—To the Fanners in particular we woul
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, an as to be able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Please call and examine them, as even
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. 6m.
 DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rocliestei
 and surroun ling country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 f l bankfnl for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invito all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
 NEW PUWP FACTORV.
 THE subscriber takes this method to inform the
 citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that he hi*
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Vfain street, where he will he happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line of
 business, be pledge* himself to furnfeh as good an
 article, aad of as good material, as can be procure:l
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also suspplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 0O“ The above work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, Cw cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R FELT
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 1y29
 Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 (Old Stand of Edward Bardwell.)
 JUST received, and will be kept constantly on
 hand, an extensive and complete assortment o
 Groceries and Provisions.
 A large lot of Groceries just received, bought in
 New York, at the lowest of the very low prices of
 the present season.
 Sugars, from a good article at 5 cents per lb. to
 the heat crushed and powdered.
 Clear, heavy Porto Rico, Constants and New
 Orleans Molasses, very low for the quality.
 Mackerel, Shad, Codfish, Rice, Raisins, whole
 and ground Spices, Fruits, and all the articles, too
 numerous to mention, which make a full variety to
 supply every want of families or dealers.
 Choice fresh Green and Black Tea*.
 Extra Old Java and other Coffee*.
 Cash paid for produce and provisions.
 The attention of farmers, city families and dealers
 is respectfully solicited. Those who have long fre
 quented this well known stand are invited to con
 tinue their patronage, and all in want qf goods in
 my line, are invited to examine my assortment and
 prices.
 I sell for Cash only, and can therefore afford to
 tell low. A new lot of goods expected from New
 Yoik in a few days, f intend to make arrange
 ments soon to krep a supply of Fra Labor (jroceru*.
 Customers shall be assured of as much reality as
 pretence in the quality and price of n»y goods.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, July, 1848. 3m29
 New ail Secoal-Hand llotbiig,
 At 48, ExckaHgmJStrt*, Raekuttr.
 LLOYD SCOTT woold most respeerfalh infers
 bis friends an 1 tha Public generally, that he has
 constantly o* hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vesta, he., with wbicb he a ill supply
 Customer* at the mast reas mabfa Prices.
 L. S. desires also to iuferm tha Public, that be
 art—d* to repairing and renovating, fhicn be war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and in tha
 heat aud neatest poasihfa manner. His long experi
 ence fa the basins*# warranto him fa assuring all
 who may patroniz* bn*, tost his work shall be done
 u&gt; their entire satisfaction.
 m _* IJ. II IOAt
mm! mmi
 *T»H£ first qmliiv of article m u&gt; be had at LAI.NG
 1 It BUNNELL’S new E-uWuhmetu, No. 30,
 State Street. Rochester. Also i general assort
 went of Valises, TrareUiag Bom, he., which are
 ofiered at the »trj fewest prices tor Cam.
 Carnage Triauhag executed ia the latest style
 and with dirpatch, fay J. T. Laiag, at his old stand
 ia State Street, apposite the Manama Hume.
 J. T. L- haring had enaasirs ettparieace ia the
 Eastern eaikru, L to fire eatLfectioa to a
 ftaeroos pafafic who toil bear hua with their pa-
 iaiy 14,1545. to
 AVBVBM aal ROCHESTER
 BAIL.RO AD
 OIN aad after Mmday, Sd Oetuber the these Pass
 -1 eager Traias wt« fas arra*gad as fellows—
 EatTwa m».—U laare Bschmw at 4 a. a., 11
 aad 4ft r.B.
 Whtwabd —To laare Aabara at 3ft a.*., 4
 Lin aad 44 r.*.
 No Praia laaras tnrhfar Eastward on Stator
 at 11 a. a. oral 71 r.*,
 Praia Larsa Atora Westward oa Saadar,at
 ■ygattfß.taiiair.ae
 l tiaßa gMl n Mt &gt;aaigg&gt;iwhssnr at
 74r.a. f pjlilit hatal
 ter.
 TW** ticket* 9*9 w 999 laekmir is SvfMH.
 Utica mad Akaayealy, aw East. ThieMfis
 laadlsaahAfcmaUfiwifcml shews
 twe traias am UaMd Ia aaa tore iaU
 p mi. wn»»
 Si»i&gt;ei°«.»&gt;sa.
POST AND WILLS. Defats w
 OH., Gkmm.arafet. Pufi-m.
 W, Fremrfc md Gmwmm CM Art-**
 Cfaors, Brashes Md U«M, Clktd Oil. Q*
 hmimd Foil. fcr. kr
 Am. far mm* &lt;4 it- wkfaw-d FmmK
 ilMmw, tml retwtrfaf *L
 j
 „Ho»ylfc Books, Ne&amp;rases. Md Fa*»h
 i C»». Ml ilmcilmm. (Mr &gt;ms far Want
 m Sew York.
 I lbfkiM,
 IWw Gas; afao Efarkl Oil aad I—pi, fa.
 farmy the some. Those who would comoH eo&gt;
 momy aad raaTtnicm are w vised *o ruawc iW
 Lftifa. The attratwa of Country Merchant. IV
 .K-tatM, PmmßsS, tad ahn, trtjunf nods in Ik
 show far, is requrated at the APOTHECARIES
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 m A\D SILK HATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer an.
 dealer ia Far aad Sik Hats, Cloth am! Fo.
 Caps, Ladies' Fare aad Trimanac*. Baftilo Rohr
 aad an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrella*. far.
 far. far., No. 1, St. Past Street, Minerva Block.
 W" A asaal rapph of Rockskia Gloves am
 Minras.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AMD LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 TWE subscribers at No. 21 Stale street, take plea-
 I sure ia announcing to the public that they havr
 completed arrangements by which they are enabk-t
 to osfcr the most satisfactory inducements to alt en
 gaged ia the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes
 to cosae to this market far a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable term*
 a burg* stock of Sole and Upper I—other. Kip, Calf,
 aad Morocco Skins, with a fall assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine oar stock befim
 purchasing elsewhere.
 j}l9 SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in Large or small lots’.
 Aity size and quality of Papar not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jv2l Booksellers and Publishers.
 OWES MORRIS’ CITY BINDER!’
 tf If DC R THF MUSKDM— Iate FISH K R MORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Maivu
 Morse for seven years, and during that ti n.
 procured for him three Silver Medal*, tor the ta»i
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics' Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music ami Periodicals bound
 md finished to any pattern. Blank Account Book
 xccuted at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, l&gt;y their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid t 6 the quality of paper used,
 to render them coital to tliebest in the United State
 or those imported.
 Ladies' Scrap and Guard Books, Album, and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in tin? hest style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, far., may lie
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to tlie above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upou their lieing well bound
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned,
 N.B. The proprietor lias spared no expense in
 fitting up die establishment, and introducing into
 We*t?rn New York the latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
 Important to Farmers.
 IDE’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Gras.
 Plow. The Farming Public are hereby informe.
 tha Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 scriber for his recent great improvements in the con
 struction ami manufacture of Field Cu ltivators
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
 the whole system of fanning, by reducing the expense
 one-half or more. Wherever they have been intro
 duced, they have met the decided approbation ot
 fanners, as the following cenificates from the intel
 ligent and practical fanners whose names arc
 attached', abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, havt
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invents
 by Nathan Ide, of Shelby, Oilcans Co., New
 V ork, and believe it to he, as a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a tanner can pot in from ten to fifteen acre,
 more of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
 team labor; he can also sow it in much tatter order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weed*
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, hy
 j means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jorit brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother fanners,
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson.
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, tlie undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that wehaVe this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and if is much Better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Sutwcriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of tlie implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Bhelby, Orleans Co ,N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Butialo Street, near the Ball’*
 Heal, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 fas nail aH/f asraminsi f/.e tlii.mswl*«•
BOSTON ADI LBTISE.WKKTB.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Ami-Slavery Depository, 21.
 Cornhiil—namely,
 The Liberty Bell for IS4B, A few copies remain.
 Life of William VV, Brown, 2d Edition, with a/Mi.
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, botmd,
 37 1 ru; in paper covers, 25 eta.
 Mr. Shackford’a Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 12| cte.
 Position and Duties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. Sets.
 Six Moot its at Gracfewberg. By Henry C. Wrizht.
 81,00.
 Didt Crowningshield, the assassin, and Zaehnrr
 Taylor, the Soidior; the DiAereace between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 2 cu.single; 25
 cts. per doieu.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW mmm of CLARKSON'S HISTORY
 OF THEABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with pre&amp;**y remark* am die •otoc'iuroi
 •bisldtcm at Slavery; a bemufai Loodoe edition,
 •itk a&amp;M Portrait of dw Aatfaor. Aooc on Med,—*
 b«A «fc&lt;* could art be laport*: Ia leu than three
 ioifan, (an be had at 21, CwahiU, if eprdwd 6*
 iaxmdjaidy,a&lt; the very lew price of Oac Dollar.
 «*k Aleo, iIUKiIUM ON CLARKSON, bv
 Ai rtAaoLB Cbcmmcll. at the „d««l prki
 twelve aad a ball emu.
 M^urLa*^MnoiUi'mi^iTl*! ttcr
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 S fSSiSSSutSA
 tstss v ii. 52r*^ &lt;i -'rStaft
 Efifc 4 ttaße^afpne*, mtamba oUaimS
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 TOH*%¥|iXm? L
HOME POM RKPOIUXIS.
 r THE rafcerritar ha* wrhoec' to hat mm*. e*tn
 -1 hMi and cvnrralboanfaf-braae. No. Sft C—i
 Coort. «hnr hr wii be weet happy to awicwaa eeaw
 &gt;f the Frieade nTßrhra. hm—di 1 chargee.—*
 He wmlr* hi* hotwe to be the central ahwe m Bee
 mi, where the friend* ofTwaperaac*. Peace, Parky,
 p t*doa, the Prieaaer. hr.,awtaHttigaMr f «i
 •»jo\ a roatfcrtabir aad 'jmtmt hsaee.
 Central Coart taaa at IV WtAiapae NHL
 JOHN IT SPEAt.
 Barton, Aaf, SI, W.
 rIOMAS P. SMITH. No. Mrattle Street.
 up a! the &lt;inMea HeU. Now ad ted
 •art Clothmf Store.
 Hie tts Ourtf rljlfTliv,
 (COMMENCED the «ro&lt; of Dumber. IMV.
 no the of March. Jaae, mmd
 •art %t«nbnr. It wiH he dtiotd to the iat artel
 ctaor, bar cortactoeo who
 *2 f »—?«"Vf** wdhr hid hr he aadaa
 •nd dunwaa, matter. pertawnw to Pbihnphy,
 P.rtjuc, Utemmrn RH*ioe, mmd rfuawaiw.
 «odacwd by R. W. twer
 «on. TVothae Parikee, aart J. EWCabot uahd
 hj Ntfial other centirmrn.
 Earh number aid coecatn a boat 126 nni at the
 eice of 83 a year, ia advance.
 Communications. •ulenripiioea, he. ahoaU ha
 •&lt;*rtrwwrd to the Pabfahm.
 COOI.IDGE 4 WILEY,
 IS, Water Street, Boetoa
 L)*&gt;BERT MORRIS, Ja., Attorney and Coon*
 t.M«t m nunr State Sheet.
 JOHN I). REV A LEON, Haw Cattwa Sake*.
 *J ami Perfumery Em)** mm, 114, nt nrt tnae 1
I SEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
ULST PUBLISHED, and for sale at the oAwtf
 of the Anti Slavery Stambnl—
 The Legion of Liberty, an.l Faro* of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 |&gt;ages of flm
 reading;; 300 eminent authorities, and shoot siaty
 illustrative engraving*. Price 37 i ct*. in amalia,
 ami 25 cents in pa pc: covets. A v«y liberal fata
 t'ouni to those who trrktee a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal ef
 Women,from various nutliors, 12| rents.
 Met to tlie People of the United States, touching
 r e Matter of Slavery. Bv Theodore Parker.—
 PI 120. Price 18| cents/
 ni M Brown’s Lecture before the Female A 9.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H..M.
 Parkhuist, Itoston pp. 22. Price Scents.
 WILI.IAM S. POW ELL. Sailor’s Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUXE SMITH, 92. West Broad
 way..
 I 1 Surgeon-Dentist, 183, rC.Ail*
 Rrua^um.
 TOSEPH f lIOI,L\ Boot and Shoe Maker.
 No. 97, Cranhery Street, Brooklyn.
 X.B. K«-|Miirii&gt;gr neatly executed at the shortest
 notice an.l on tin* ns&gt;st reasonable terms.
 PHILIP a. M HITE, Druggist, comer of Frank
 fort and (told Street.
 GENTEEL HOARDING HOUSF,
 /“IHARI.ES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in*
 form his friends and the public, that Be continues
 to jlevote every attention to those pleased to favor
 '•is “home” with a rail. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
 WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PIJII LIC ATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS.
 Walker’s Apeeal, with a brief sketch of
 Ills life by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, Gars it’s Address to the Slaves of the Uni
 ted States. This adrlrrss was rejected by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1848. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Tai
 Past and Present Condition or the Color
 111 Back, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
 General Intelligence Office.
 rj,EO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish
 y inent at the Phila Delphi a Institute,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest ami faithful domestics for those
 who may require them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified ami in want thereof, beg* leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the mho of their names as
 References:
 Andrew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 diaries J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and v
 Robetl Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hiiliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—S6.
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. |y
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in price*.
 Pine 4-4 Prints, various style*.
 \ew styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satiiiets, gootl ami cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities aad
 styles.
 Film ami heavy Shirting, Sheetings, ami Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine &lt;M Plaid Muslin.
 Mush* de Lame, plain am neatly figure.), all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannel* 4-4 good and price low. Canton *—ink
 white and colored.
 Table Dia{ er and Cloth*, of different styles.
 Apron and Finniture Check. Cotton Handksrcbisfo
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Lias*
 D ilting, for. ,aum
 Long an. l itaif Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various .Nos., bleached, Lrown.and
 colored.
 JJ elding, white ami colored Cotton Lap*. Also,
 Ib'hned Loaf, Cruahed, and Pulverized Sugar.
 n Sugar, goo.; quality, of various grades.
 Tire whole «toek exeluiively Free laihor Goods,
 to which the fWsrnhrr would invi*« the sttaulioa
 of country an r hunts, as well as his friends aad the
 public generally.
 Much pains i* taken l.y the Managers of the Free
 Produce Ammuiioh, to uiitt the Subscriber to ea
 ■W the assortment frosi tuae to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Filth aad Cberrvwta
 Philadelphia 2,1 mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 Free Laksr twt,.
 M ’i^ 1 1 Af -TtRED bj (h. Anrrkan Fr— Pro
 duce Association, aad for *aJe at N» 21
 Fifth-urn, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Gingham*; Cheek*. Anrno and For
 attare; f. anion Flannel, uobaachad
 Stoekiags, Knhiing Cotton,
 Orders for Goods, or latter* desirum rraalltr.
 *5 be eddmwed to J. Miller McKtm, Si, Nnrlli
 Fdut-etreet; Daniel L. Miller. Temfont«*t; or to
 CWfa Alley.
 mmatmme at Prims m&gt;«
 band. jui-tf
 1111-sUrtl7 Offiff,
 11, Sortk Fy)!t Street, Phtadtlphta.
 A FULL assortment of ami-slavery paldirsttons
 m ilap constantly ott tend. Also a I lnw
 f *G*Qr 4 unlhsmw publications, aad snsfod
 •M Fancy Stationery.
 AS letters refouag to the business ef dm «dn
 *o fan dtrwetad to J. Mtllsr Jfckim, SI, Nurth
 Fifth-street. jafoHf
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITION IST
 A PAPER 4 dm shorn same wifi be pubfetod m
 Wilmington, hy the Delaware AitiSlmrif
 dnemey. h aid hand ns if hy a CtMfiNH, and wl.
 tan psAJtshnd mi a half medium shot, at twenty d n
 asntops year, ov fee twenty4nerits* 4
 evoied to Oetaww«,jml wd» fa
"
