"Portrfi.
For I hr* Nnt-'.i M ar.
 A poor man it brttfr than a li=*r-** BtlU.
 Pity the tram bra* mmptaom fere
 It hit chief jojr, few only care,
 Whose pent-o|&gt; feoai kmw* naught hut eelf,
 Lire* hot to feed oo tordul pelf.
 Ay! pity hhn, who oft ihrcrayh fear,
 DmcLkom the truth, l&gt;*M mme might aneer;
 Ami y. tto rob*the poor would dare,
 It in the plunder be might ehare.
 Thn nee the poor man suffering lie,
 Yet f.a»re h.m n g the thieret” to die—
 To him all succor it denied,
 IWjr past hjr oa the other side.”
 TVy lie! they lie! they own their name,
 By i M'Uiing fruit* meet fer ih&lt; ir eba
 Thrir touch in poison, eVn their breath
 Contaminate*, and mutes death.
 Far better is the poor man’s lot,
 Although de*piacd, yet heeds it not,
 Bit Uh&gt;r« on- ia kind uitfetl.
 He v. o&lt; k. k»r tiud, and «oiks for all.
 8. 8. B.
 Berlinville, 0., Nor. 4ih, 1848.
 From Perrj-N Reliqoet of Ancient English Poetry.
 MY MINDE TO ME A KINGLOM IS.
 My anode to me a kiugdome is,
 Such perfect joy therein I fitxV
 A* fen* euceeds all mi tWy btisac,
 I hat God or Nature h&lt;tib asmgnde;
 Though murh I w ant, that most would hare,
 Yet still my minde tin bids to crave.
 Content I tire, this is my stay;
 I seek no mo.e that may suffice;
 I pr. ase to brar no liaught) sway;
 Look what I like my minde supplies.
 Loe' thus 1 triumph like a king.
 Content with that i. y minde doth bring.
 I aee how plenty suifeii oft.
 And t astje climbers soo .tst fell;
 1 see that such as sit aloft
 Mishap doth thre iten most of all;
 These gel with toile, and keep with feare;
 Such c.lie* my minde could never Lean*.
 No princely pomp, nor welthie store,
 No foice to uinne the rictorie,
 No wylie wit to salve a sore,
 No shape to wiime a lover's eye;
 To none of these I yield a thrall.
 For why my mind despisetii all.
 Borne have too much, yet ■‘till they crave,
 I I tlie have, yet seek no more;
 They are but poore, though much they have;
 And 1 am rich with little store;
 They poor, I licli; they lie.*, 1 give;
 They lache, 1 lend.-; tin y pine, I Jive.
 I laugh not at another’s losse,
 1 grudge not at another’s gaine,
 No worljly wave my minde can fosse,
 I brooke that is another’s bane:
 I feare no foe, nor f.iwue on friend;
 I lothe not tile, uoi dread mine end.
 I joy not in no earthly blisse;
 I weigh net Croesus’ xvelih a straw;
 For caie, I care not wi,at it is;
 1 feare n&lt;i. fortune’s fatal law:
 M y minde is such as may not move
 For beauty bright or force of love.
 1 wish I ut what I have at will;
 1 wander no: to seek for more;
 I like the plaine, 1 cllmbe no hill;
 In greatest storms I sitte on shore.
 And laugh at them that toile in value
 To get what must be lost againe.
 I kitse not where 1 w ish to kill;
 1 leigne not love where I do hate;
 I bie.k no s'eep to witm 1 my will;
 I wayte not at the mlghtie’s gate;
 I scorn no poore, I feare no rich;
 I feel no want, not have too much.
 The court, ne cat t, 1 like, ne loath;
 kxtreames ate couited worst of all:
 The gulden mcane belv. ixt them Ixith
 Doth surest sit, and fears no fall:
 This is my choyee, for why I finde,
 No weltli is like a quiet minde.
 My welih is helth, am! perfect ease;
 My conscience clerv my chefe defense;
 1 never sake by brybes to please,
 Nor by desert to give offence;
 Thus do I live, thus will I die;
 Would all did so as well as I!
 THE ANGEL WATCHER.
 A daughter watched at midnight
 Her dying mother’s Led;
 For live long nights she had not slept,
 And m»ny t ars were sh d:
 A vision like an ang l came,
 Which none but her mi la see-
 S! ep, duteous child,” the angel said,
 “And 1 will watch for thee!”
 Sweet slumber, like a blessing, fell
 Upon tiie daughter’s face,
 The angel smiled, and touolic:l her net,
 But ge itly took her place;
 And oh, so full of hutnan love
 Tl'ose pitying eyes di.i *hine,
 The angel guest lialf mortal seemed—
 The slliniheier Intlf divine.
 Like t ays of 1-ght tlie sleeper’s locks
 I I warm Ux.se curls weie thrown;
 Like rays cf light the angel’s hair
 Seemed hk«- the leeper’s ov. n,
 A reee-l.ke shadow on tlie cheek,
 Dissolving into pt-arl;—
 A something in that angel’s face
 t'ccmed tut it to the gn 1!
 Tlie mortal and immortal cae'.i
 Reflecting each were seen;
 The eartiily and the spiritual
 With death s pale face between.
 O human love, what rirengtn like thine?
 From thee those piayeis arise
 Which, entering into I’aradise,
 Draw angel* from tlie skies.
 The dawn looked through tlie casement cold,
 A wintry dawn of glo m,
 And s itiller showed the cun.lined bed—
 *l lie still and sickly roomi
 My daughter!— art thou there, my child,
 O, haste thee, love, come nigh,
 That I may see once more thy f,ce,
 And bless thee ere 1 (lie!
 If ever I were harsh to tlie*-,
 Forgive me now,” site crL-d;
 “God knows my heart, I loved thee most,
 When most I seemed to dude;
 Now bend and kiss thy mother’s lips.
 And for lier spirit pr. y!
 Tlie angel kutrd hr, and her soul
 Fasted blissfully away!
 SONNET
 ST ilk. Bowman.
 A cbik! born. Now take the gehn and make it
 A Itud of moral beauty. Let the dews
 Of kaowledrfe. and the light of virtue, wake it
 In iichest fragrance and in purest hue*;
 When passions just, and sorrow’s tempest shake it,
 Tiie »belter of affection ne’er refuse.
 For t ■oo the gathering Itan 1 of Death will break it
 From iu weak stem of h ft —and it shall lose
 Ail power to charm; but if that Lively rtowrr
 Hath swelled o pleasure or subdued oae
 O, who shall say that it list li*ed in vain,
 However fugitive it* breathing hour?
 For virtue leaves iu tweets wherever tasted,
 Ami scattered truth is never, never wasted.
Selections.
the south am it in.
 Some fifteen or twenty men were
 tented in the bar-room of the Rail-Road
 Hotel, two of whom were engaged ia
 a game of backgammon. Although it
 waa Sunday it seemed to excite no
 surprise at all upon the minde of the
 spectator*, who watched the progress
 of the game with great interest. All
 at once the game was interrupted by
 the cry of "murder” in the streets, and
 all rushed out to discover what was the
 occasion of the outcry. Some negroes
 were lighting, and one who was get
 ting rather roughly handled, had raised
 the alarm. A party of them had been
 playing marbles, and a dispute arose
 between them which terminated in a
 fight. The citizens were highly in
 dignant on account of the violation of
 the Sabbath, and it was unanimously
 declared that the whole posse must be
 whipped. They were accordingly tak
 en into the jail-yard to receive their
 punishment, and 1 mixed with the
 crowd, who were highly elated at the
 prospect of “fun.” They were made
 to strip themselves of all their clothing
 but their pantaloons, and one of the
 rnen who had just been playing back
 gammon, and who was also a city
 officer, was selected to handle the
 whip. This instrument was a raw-hide,
 twisted riding-whip, about three feet
 and a hall long, and was to be applied
 to the bare back. Twenty la*shes was
 the number decided upon, and a man
 to count was appointed. The blows
 were* laid on heavily, and almost every
 one was followed by blood. Every
 blow 1 that was struck, the poor victim
 would ejaculate. Oh Lordy do
 pray massa have mercy,” for the love
 of (jfod massa, strike easy,” Re. &amp;.e.
 One of them, however, —a bright mul
 atto, —took bis twenty lashes without
 uttering a groan, or hardly moving a
 muscle, although his hack was crim
 soned over with blood. God damn
 him,” said u bystander, "cut him to
 pieces if he does not beg!” The
 whipping re-commenced, and about a
 dozen more blows were counted, when
 the poor wretch threw himself upon hi*
 knees with Oh, God, massa, I do
 beg This satisfied them, and the
 crowd diepersed, highly pleased with
 their Sabbath-day entertainment. I do
 not mention this on account of the
 barbarity, because I have seen negroes
 whipped much for a slighter offence,
 but the idea of whipping these negroes
 for gambling upon the Sabbath, and
 selecting a man to do it who had been
 guilty of the same tiling, was to say
 the least a little peculiar.
 I have been made astonished since I
 have been in Appalachicola to see so
 many w’hite niggers’ and mulattoes
 —"creoles,” they call them. The
 farther south you come the more white
 slaves you will find. It would be a
 low estimate to say that three-fourths
 of the slaves in the Southern States
 have white blood in their veins, and
 one sixth of them have more than one
 half white blood.—Many attempt to
 justify slavery on the ground that the
 "niggers” are another and inferior
 race. If none were slaves but full
 blooded Africans there would at least,
 be three-fourths less than there now
 are. This excuse, however, is one
 peculiar to the North. I never hear il
 i given here. Men do not attempt to
 justify it on the ground of race” oi
 color.” This would not do here;
 j for if the slaveholders denied their
 slaves as belonging to the human lam
 ily, of course, they must deny that
 their children do also. I do not make
 1 this insintM.ion without some knowledge
 i of the matter. 1 know —and it is pub
 i ticly known, that masters do cohabit
 with their slaves—raise children by
 their slaves and sell their own Jiesh ana
 blood as slaves. No man who has
 ever lived at the South, or knows any
 tiling of the Southern character will
 attempt to deny it. In towns of two oi
 three thosand inhabitants, (by towns
 I mean what would be called in New
 England, villages) almost every single
 man, and many married ones, keep a
 I black or mulatto woman, as a mis
 tress —doit openly and unblushingly,
 too. The offspring become slaves tc
 the owner of the mother. Such things
 are common and well known, and the
 reputation of such men, rarely, H ever
 suffers from such an imputation.
 Siill this is called a Christian coinmuni"
 ty, and the government which toler
 ates an institution productive of such
 unholy debasement arid prostitution oi
 morals, is called a Republican Govern
 -1 merit Is is possible that in the nine l
 1 teeuth century such a baibarous, un
 civilized people exist—so destitute o:
 i humanity and virtue, and every quality
 that exults the human character, as t«
 sell their own children as slaves Yes
 1 it is so, and that people claim to be the
 most enlightened—the most Christian,
 and most philanthropic people on eaitli.
 Corr. Concord (JV*. Democrat.
 From tlie I’lnl ulelpliia Daily Republic.
 TEMPERANC E CELEBRATION IN
 PHILADELPHIA.
 Mr. Editor; —On Thursday evening
 I had the pleasure of attending a pub
 lic meeting of Phoenix and Gurnei
 Unions of Daughters of Temperauce,
 and others at the Wesley Methodisi
 Church, iu Lombard street, and 1 musl
 say, that it was one of the most bril
 I ia tit and interesting scenes which I
 ever beheld. This society is cotnpoaec
 of colored w omen, and was accompa
 nied by several other Unions belong
 ing to this city; amounting iu all It
 some two hundred in full regalia. Be
 side these, there were many cold wa
 ter girls, dressed in white. The meet
 ing was then called to listen to an ad
 dress from Henry Highland Garnet, tht
 apostle of Liberty and Temperance, who
 for an hour and a half portrayed tht
 terrible effects of alcohol, and labored
 to allure the drunkard to the paths oi
 soberness and peace. This address
 was listened to with profound attention,
 which was only interrupted by hearty
 plaudits. The speaker concluded hu
 remarks by repeating the popular lines,
 ‘Go on, go on,* which were sung by
 the whole audience. J)r. M. R. Dels
 ny made a brief and able speech, which
 waa received by the audience with ap
 probation.
 The Rev. Stephen Smith, the faith
 ful minister and distinguished cobred
 capitalist, next took the stand, and pro
sentedthe claims of the ‘North Star,'
 of which Dr. Debit/ and Frederick
 Douglass are editors, and a contribu
 tion was taken up oa the spot for the
 benefit of the peper; the amount re
 ceived I did not learn. The meeting.
 I wes closed by nsoul-stirring speech by
 i Rev. Amos 6. Be man, of New Haven,
 Connecticut, who formed the first Total
 Abstinence Society among the colored
 people in the United States. The roee
 tinng was most instructive and delight
 j ful, and every person teemed to be
 gratified. I learned from Mr. Garnet's
 I remarks that there are fourteen Unions
 among tbe colored women in Pennsyl
 vania. In this city, there are five
 Unions, viz: tbe Garnet, formed there
 Sept. 27, 184?; the Phoenix, Gob led
 Rule, Perseverance, and tbe Coven
 ant; embracing over 000 members
 There are also the following Unions in
 the* State, connected with those already
 mentioned; the Garrison, at Columbia;
 Bias, Carlisle; Douglass, Harrisburg:
 Driver, Lancaster; Reroond, Lewis
 ton; E. Roberts, Reading; Naryzed,
 Bellfonte; Liberty, Pittsburg; Piety,
 j Hollidaysburg. This is not all, there
 is a host of‘Sons of Temperance* and
 Teetotallers who are continually waging
 war against tbe great destroyer. Tbe
 Daughters of Temperance number
 throughout the state about 1500.
 Truly, Mr. Editor tbe people of color
 are doing good service in this great ref
 ormation. In their early efforts they
 were compelled to hew their way
 through mountains of opposition. Dr.
 J. J. G. Bias, Samuel Van Brackle,
 Rev. C. W. Gardiner, and the lament
 ed Andrew Harris, were -pioneers in
 the work, and went into the hedges, and
 the highways, and compelled tbe poor,
 reeling, and neglected inebriate to look
 up and live. They were scoffed, as
 saulted, and mobbed; and iu some in
 stances, their propeity was burnt, and
 otherwise destroyed, but they, the faith
 ful and fearless, continued to labor, and
 great have been the results. They
 were sustained also, by those friends of
 man, Wm. J. Mullen and Mr. Harned.
 It was through their instrumentality,
 that the intelligent and benevolent la
 dies, who compose the Daughters of
 Temperance, were enlisted iu their no
 ble undertaking. Dr. Bi°s has thrown
 his whole s *ul into the work, and his
 labors have been second to none, al
 though man)' have labored long and
 well—and such will be the decision of
 j posterity, it this generation should fail
 to appreciate him. The ladies who
 have been ioremost laudable en
 terprize, I atn informed are—Miss
 Elizabeth Roberts, Mrs. James New
 man, Mrs. Eliza A. Bias, Miss Mary
 E. Purnell, Mrs. Jane Black, Mrs.
 i Bundy, Mrs. Stephen Smith, Miss S.
 Richards, Mrs. Simmon9, aud Mrs. Su
 j san Richardson, of New York, aud
 Mrs. Samuel Nicholas.
 Mr. Editor, I have taken the liberty
 to lay these facts before the public
 through your columns, believing that
 they will be interesting to every well
 wisher of the human race.
 Yours, W. Z. D.
 THE TRIALS, PERSEY ERANGE,
 AND TRIUMPH OF GENIUS.
 There is at prbseut in England an
 i American who went to that country to
 endeavor to interest the capitalists in a
 new bridge which he ha* constructed.
 1 His name is Remington, and he is a
 native of Virginia. An account ofhia
 progress is given by himself, in the
 following letter to the late Dixon H.
 Lewis, and is published in Hunt’s
 Merchant’s Magazine
 Stafford, England, Aug. 15.
 My Dear Sir I should have writ
 ten sooner but that I had nothing
 pleasant to say. I reached London on
 the Ist of January, 1817, without
 money or friends, which was just the
 thing I desired when I left America,
 1 and just the thing, I assure you, I will
 i never desire again. I commenced
 operations at once, on the supposition
 I that in this overgrown city, I would at
 ‘i least enlist one man. But Englishmen
 i are not Americans. An Englishman
 w’ill advance any amount on an abso
 lute certainty, but not one penny where
 there is the slightest risk, if he got the
 whole world by it. I spent the first
 five months looking for this man with
 i unparralleled perseverance and indust
 ry, living for less than threepence per
 day,
 lam convinced that few persons in
 i London know so much of that incom
 prehensibly large city as myself. Blit
 alas my wardrobe was gone to supply
 i j me w’ith wretchedly baked corn-bread,
 t on which I lived entirely, I slept on
 straw, for which I paid a half-penny
 per night. I became ragged and filthy,
 aud could no longer go among men of
 t business. Up to this time my spirits
 never sunk, nor did they then but my
 i: sufferings great. My limbs dis
 torted with rheumatism, induced by
 cold and exposure—my face and head
 swelled to a most unnatural size with
 cold and tooth-ach, and those who
 slept in the same horrid den as my
 self w*ere wretched street beggars, the
 very cleanest of them literally alive
 with all manner of creeping things.
 But I was no .beggar. I never begged,
 nor ever asked a favor of any man
 since 1 came to England. Ask George
 tjßuneroft, whom I called upon two or
 three times, if ever I asked tbe slight
 t est favor, or even presumed upon the
 letter you gave me to him. I did write
 him a note, asking him to come and
 witness the triumph of opening tbe
 I Bridge at the Gardens, and delivered
 •f the note at his own house myself;
 although Prince Albert came I never
 got even a reply to my note. If Ban
 croft had come, and been the man to
 ■j have only recognized me, in my rags
 as 1 was, it would have saved me much
 subsequent suffering. I will not believe
 that Bancroft ever saw my note, for
 his deportment to me was very kind.
 i The succeeding three mouth* after
 I the first five, I will not detail, up to tbe
 time I commenced to build tbe Bridge,
 i I will not harrow up my feelings to
 write, nor pain your heart to read the
 incidents of those nioety days. My
 head turoed gray, and I must hare died
 I but for the Jew, who did give me one
 I shilling down for my acknowledgement
 for £lO on Ahnand. These wicked
 robberies have amonted to several hun
 dred pounds, every penny of which I
 t bad to pay subsequently for, since
 I my success at Stafford, not a man in
 England who can rend, hot knows my
 address. It cost am A 0 to obtain the
shilling with which I paid my admittance
 into the Royal Zoological Gardens,
 where I succeeded, after teach mortifi
 cation, in getting the ghost of ft-model
 made of the Bridge. The model,
 although a bad one, astonished every*
 body. Every engineer of celebrity in
 London was called in to decide whether
 it was practicable to throw it across
 the lake. Four or five of them, at the
 final decision, declared that the model
 before them was passing strange, bat
 that it could not be carried to a much
 greater length than the length of the
 model.
 This was the point of life or death
 with rne. I was standing amid men ol
 the supposed greatest talents ns civil
 engineers that the world could produce,
 and the point decided against me. This
 one time alone were my whole ener
 gies ever aroused. I never talked be
 fore—l was haggard *nd faint for want
 of food—my spirits sunk in sorrow ot
 toy mournful prospect? —clothes I had
 none—yet, standing over this’ model,
 did i battle with those men. Every
 word 1 uttered catne from my inmost
 soul, and was big with truth—every
 aftHament carried conviction. The
 elrect on those men was like magic—
 indeed, they must have been devils not
 t» have believed under the circum
 stances. succeeded. My agreement
 with the proprietory was, that I should
 superintend the construction of the
 bridge without any pay whatever, but
 during the time of the building I might
 sleep in the Gardens, and if the bridge
 should succeed, it should be called
 Remington’s Bridge.”
 I lodged ia an old lion's cage, not
 strong enough for a lion, but by putting
 some straw on the floor, held me very
 well, and indeed was a greater luxury
 than 1 had for several months. The
 carpenters that worked on the bridge
 sometimes gave me part of their din
 ner. On this I lived, and was compar
 atively happy. It was a little novel,
 however, to see a man in rags directing
 gentlemanly looking head carpenters.
 1 The Bridge triumphed, and the c t
 was and was the greatest hit ever
 made in London. The money made by
 it is astonishingly great, thousands tens
 of thousands crossing it, paying toll,
 besides being the great attraction to
 the Gardens. Not a publication iu
 1 London but what has written largely
 upon it.—Although I have never re
 ceived a penny, nor never will for
 building the Bridge, I have no fault to
 find wan Mr. Taylor the proprietor, for
 1 he has done all fully that he promised to
 do—that is, to call it Remington’s
 Bridge.”
 The largest wood-cut perhaps ever
 made in the w’orld, is made of the
 Bridge. Every letter of my name is
 nearly as large as myself. The bridge
 to tiiis day is the prominent curiosity oi
 the Gardens. You can’t open a paper
 but you see Remington’s Bridge. Soon
 alter it was built, i have frequently
 seen hundreds of men looking at the
 large picture of the bridge at the cor
 ners of the streets, and envying Rem
 ington, when I have stood unknown in
 the crowd, literally starving. How
 ever, the great credit of the bridge
 gave me some success with a tailor. I
 got a suit of clothes and some shirts—
 a clean shirt! Any shirt was great,
 but a clean shirt—O God, what a lux
 ury! Thousands of cards were left
 for me at the Gardens, and men
 came to see the bridge from all parts
 of the kingdom. But with all iny due
 bills in the hands of the hell-born Jews,
 of course 1 had to slope, and come
 down to Stafford.
 I first built the mill, which is the
 most popular patent ever taken in Eng
 land. The coffee-pot, with many other
 small patents, take exceedingly well.
 The drainage of Tixall Meadows is the
 greatest triumph I have yet bad in
 England. The carriage bridge of Earl
 Talbot is a most majestic and wonder
 ful thing. Dnkes, earls,
 lords, &amp;c. and their lames, are coming
 to see it from all parts. I have now
 jtnore orders for bridges fropi aristo
 cracy than I can execute in ten years,
 if 1 would do them. Indeed, I have
 been so much among the aristocracy of
 late, that what with high living, being
 so sudden a transition from starving, I
 I have been compelled to go through a
 course of medicine, and am just now
 convalescent. Of course, anything
 once built precludes the possibility of
 taking a patent in England, but its
 merits and value are beyond all calcul
 ation.
 A permanent, beautiful, and steady
 bridge may be thrown across a river
 half a mile wide, out of the reach of
 floods, and without anything touching
 the water, at a most inconsiderable ex
 pense. The American patent is well
 secured at home, I know. I shall con
 tinue to build a few more bridges ot
 j larger and larger spans, and one of
 them a railroad bridge, in order that I
 may perfect myself in them, and com
 mence fair, when I reach America. J
 have a great many more accounts of
 •exploits since I came to Stafford, but
 must defer sending them until next
 jtirne. I beg you will write me, for
 now since a correspondence is opened,
 i I ■h®!! he able to tell you something
 i about England. I have dined with
 Earls, and from that down—down—
 down, *o where the knives, forks, and
 plates, are chained to the table, for
 fear they should be stolen. I am, my
 dear Sir, your obedieut servant,
 J. R. Remington.
 The Value or a Wife.—An am
 j a9 *°g error occurred in the proof of a
 I work in press, written by a celebrated
 doctor of divinity. He had a proof
 j 861,1 him f ro m the printer's, in which a
 passage from Job ii. 4, was printed as
 follows: Skin for skin, yea, all that a
 man hath will he give for his wife.”
 The doctor returned it with the last
 word corrected “life.” This correc
 tion, however, escaped the compositor's
 *&gt;tice, and soon back came the rerise,
 with the same expression, ft AH that a
 man hath will be give for his wife.”
 This time, the doctor, partly for the
 of a juke, and partly to attract
 the attention of the compositor, sent
 back the proof with this expressive
 sentence written on the margin oppo»
 site the word “wife”—This depends
 upon circumstances.”
 EcoadW—To #lO worth of
 tobacco in a year, and stop your paper
 because you can't afford to pay for a.
lUfflrrtisctnenls.
 JSmmmtkt Prompt
 i TRIBUTE FOR
 attMe a TiimictTioi or m rrtl
 ucrtit *jr» aiLieiora
 THE COLORED PORTION OF MANKIND
 With pmrttcmlmr nfervme* the Africa* race,
 lllwttated by marrow* atohratir feta, Bm*rapi»K.
 Sketches, Tntiaoain ofTaw***,
 The metriev which have artoatrd the awtfaw*,
 preprint the ahuTPHsmtioaK work, ere wHjf
 Mprr tn interest end enlighten the ptiWic mind,
 subject intimately cwaneetod with the hwppwe** m
 »wn of Urge portion of the h W i
 by relation of fart* am! tevtimoniev, which to
 assertions ran annul, to remove a deeply-rooted pee
 jodice, existing in the minds of many, respecting thi
 African rare-
 It t* an important q west fan whether dm Negro
 cnn*t iuaionally, ami therefore fawmcdiahiv mlcrioj
 to the white man, in the powers of die mina. Mod
 of the future welfare of the human ruet depends o«
 the answer which experience and facts wiß foreisl
 to this question: fur it concerns not ooH the va*
 population of Africa, but mnv miHions of the Negn
 race, who are located elsewhere, and the whites win
 are becoming mixed with the black race, in countne.
 where Sfeivrry exists, or where it has existtd til
 «ithin a recent period. Many persons have ventor
 ed upon peremptory ilecision* on both sides ol tl*.
 question hut the majority appnic to be *till tm*at»s
 lied *s to the real capabilities of the Negro men.—
 Their present actual inferiority in many respects
 comparing them a* a whole with the lighter colour
 srt portion of mankind, fa too evident tone disputed;
 I nit it must be borne in mind that they are not in t
 fit condition for a fair comparison to be drawn be
 tween the two. Their present degraded stale mat
 he easily accounted for by the circumstances amid*
 which Negro** have lived, both iatheir own countr
 and abroad, Ifa single instance &lt;*n be addored c
 an individual of the African race exhibiting a genia
 which would be considered eminent in civilised Euro
 peso society, we have a proof that there fa no ineom
 (wtibility between Negro organization and high in
 tellectua! power. But it is not one alone, but mam
 rcmai kahte cases of this description that are broogh
 forward in the present volume, which include* up
 ward* of ISO Biographical sketches of Afncan* or then
 descendant*, besides Facts and Anecdotes, Testhno
 nies of Travellers, Missionaries, fcc., the whok
 forming a complete “Tatbote for the Ni c.ro,’
 and exhibiting an undoubted refutation of the un
 founded calumnies which have been heaped on the un
 fortunate race of Aft ica, proving them to he endower
 with every characteristic constituting their identity
 with the great family of Man, and consequently, en
 titled to certain inalienable rights,” amongst whicl
 are“ life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,” am
 infringement on which is a daring usurpation of thi
 prerogative and authority of the Most High.
 The work will be rendered additionally interest in;
 by AH APPROPRIATE INTRODUCTORY POEM
 written purposely for the occasion, by Bkr.xari
 Barton. It will also be enriched by the additioi
 of a beautiful engraving, from a painting presents
 to the London Missionary Society, representing twi
 Natives of South Africa giving Evidence before
 1 Select Committee of the House of Commons. Th
 Africans are giving evidence, Dr. Phillip is eeatei
 in the foreground, and James Read, sen. and jun.
 1 Missionaries from South Africa, are standing, th
 latter acting as interpreter. The volume will also con
 tain portraits of
 j Cinque, the Chief of Amistad Captives.”
 i Jas Tzatzoe, Christian Chief of the Amakost
 Trilie, South Africa.
 t J.‘W. C. Penington, a highly esteemed Ministe
 of the Gospel, of pure African extraction.
 Frederick Douglass,the fugitive slave.
 Oi.audah F.QUiano, orGcsTAVus Vassa.
 Engraved on steel by first-rate Artists. Also a-FAC
 SIMILE of the writing of Toussaint L’Ouvih
 tube, the Black Chief of Hayti.
 The work will be printed in the best type, on fin
 paper, and consist of about 500 pages Bvo., beautifu
 ly bound in cloth, with an appropriate device, forir
 i'ng an elegant volume for the drawing-room table.
 All protitsarising from its sale will be devoted t
 i the Anti-Slavery cause; American price, to subsrr'd
 i era $3; to nun-subscribers $4; individuals desire*
 of possessing copies will oblige by sending their oi
 ders to Wilson Arxistead, Leeds; or to th
 North Star Office.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 j SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Rerietc, The North Rrit
 I ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 i zinc.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 i immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 iu a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact faesinale of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” ami the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do i 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will be
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three —the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES,
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this awl other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT It CO,
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia, Chattered in 1836—Chatter Perpetual;—
 Capital, £33o,ooo—Benjumin W, Richards, Presi
 dent. Continue* to make insurance oa lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts from iw
 dividual*, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposit.* of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, anion the 20tb of January
 last, an addition was tna I to all the policies for life,
 remaining in fixes and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insui ed
 in policies issue 1 in 1837; 7{ per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dace*.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a nan of money at the dead) of the party insur
 ed, for UM benefit of a widow, children, friend* ar
 creditors; add it will be *eea on exatfoaalioa of the
 table of rates of the Ufa insurance, which wifl be
 furnished by the subscriber to* ail who may feel a*
 inlet eat in the snbject, that by paying a small sea to
 the office every year during his life, a person may se
 cure to he family a very mnsii.l«'hhln amount, at hie
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 understood, it fa eiuetmivtly adopted, and its great
 advantages to ail, but more especially to those who
 depend on their own exertions for the support of their
 families, or who may be deeiriou* to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of massy to then friends, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might be otfi
 umrfae unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 tpitem needs tut to be explained to ensure the seri
 ous consideration of the public.
 I« several instance* it has happened that the party
 insured has dssi shortly alter having pad only one
 or tgro instalment# of the premium, when his family
 have received from this odke (fie &amp;B amount for
 which he had hwurari.
 Fall informal-on oa this important nsbject may he
 obtained bv applying, personal!) Of by letter (poe,
 paid) at the aSSro ef the afamenher, the authorised j
 *WILUAM BaSK?ELL,
 lahttwfi’s lew Buttdiags,
 Grant street, Pioahurgh.
 TIT*. H. TOFF, Merchant Tailor, M Broad-
FRUSPEECTL’S OF THE
 laerieu rftrea#l**tc*l JwiaL
 o. fowler, editor.
 OX) reform and perfect oursrlvcs and our race, if
 1 the most exalted at aS works. Yet. to do this we
 must undemaad far Hwmaa Thai
 Fhaamdocy, Phymoiogy and Vital Rkgarmm em
 brace, mid retire expound all dr law* of our bring,
 enoditsoua of hoppriis*. and csastkaSe the philnsn
 pher’s atone of Laivrrsnl Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number wHI contain either the analysis and
 locatiim of some phrenological faculty, ifiustrutod by
 a« Efigravmg, cw«a artical «u their enmbtnartiods:
 and also the organization and character of wmr dis
 tinguished personage, areompmifed fay a hkeurao.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Life, The great instrument of talent vir
 tue and happiness, all of which it augments. To its
 penetration aad rastontma,special aUrntfau will bo
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With fwactial instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truths which it uofotdo, will be presented in
 this Journal.
 YOCSG MEJ».
 .The blrosiagt they enjoy, the indue ace they ran
 wield, and their prepara tarn for conducting our insti
 tut ions, wiß fotm the theme of a senes of articles.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does hot tang oarnestly, and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate hit’ natural powers, and
 render himself better and more happy I To such,
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TER MB—invariably ,n advance—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
 mot GRATIS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letters and orders roust be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER k WELLS.
 No 131 Naasau Bt.,New York
 WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionabh
 Boots and Shoe*, 80, Purchase Street, Now
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict at tent tot
 K'd to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker am
 vis
NORTH AHPTONJTATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy,
 rIE public are respectfully infoimed, that sine*
 (he philosophical deductions of the learned Dr
 Means, of Emorv College, Ga., and the scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemtner of England,* hav*
 recently and indubitably established the fact, tlm
 the conclusions at, which the undersigned arrived bj
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony wit!
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that tlx
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a posttm
 rltctricnl Hate, and that the electrical emanation!
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—tlwre is son*
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociteratioiu
 against the positive electrical state of th&lt;
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade thos«
 whom they have failed to relieve of tlieir complaints
 from seeking nature's remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by t!ie ligh
 of science, live undersigned may be permitted hen
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where thi
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-oegativi
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of wate
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tin part;
 of the body alluded to, are in die electro-positivi
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hop&lt;
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practic
 I already convinced ibe public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned i
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and characte
 ef disease, and practising the cute, the recent setet
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Frofessc
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to coavinr
 I tiie most incredulous. 4
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Tract
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitud
 evinced by those whorn he has had the pleasure l
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned wi
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and mer
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who ma
 afford him an opportunity to eflect a cure, by hi
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly’ silt
 ated near Bensouvilfe, on the west hank of L'ickiti
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mile
 from the centre of the town. It is convenient]
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated anil conveniently furnished lodging rooms, am
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, fo
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cur
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in llii:
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are s
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, ti
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they shoulJ
 plainly dressed, enjoying tlieir rambles witfaou
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among tlie complaints which are here successful!'
 treated, are lteadache, tendency of blood to tlie head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina
 affections, inflammatory and chrome rheumatism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for i
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves will
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, u
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an turn
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 tr
 S 3 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra,
 I A patient who from choice or the character of hit
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first and secont:
 1 floors, £8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in tlieir rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnisbtheir own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLEB.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn,
 River Railroad at Bpring6eld, Carriages wil
 always lie in readiness at the Northampton depot, u
 convey them hither,
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 iog off in silence from the cuticular surface, so trial
 ont of 359 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer ol
 England, upon tint uncovered skin,” 322 indirateci
 tlie presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to he indis
 pensabie to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and (hat when, from any cam*, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College ol
 isSrgta, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor ol
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physica
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 28
ATHOL HATER CUR E.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call t»e attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic esuUishiseul m
 A tfad. Mass.
 Hie honae woa opened for the reception of ;nt ient*
 last season, and it is believed offers exoelk-at facili.
 ties for aphiloeophie and thorough course in hydro
 potfiy. The supply of water fa abundant, and is.
 purity has been pfnoouncud equal to water on
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being hui
 a short distance from foe V. k M. nuirond. Th.
 vicroity abounds in a variety of scearry, ami ha,
 charming ground* far walks and ramldes. Ho thai
 with dm water, suitable regimen, mountain air, aad
 exercise, patiefattpaa scarcely fail to obtain if*
 healthful results for which tfay labor.
 The following cans iflustrares this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Den, B„ of Warwick, Maas., age*,
 about thirty-five year*, was brought to am Wi
 August, her case presented the follow ing pheao
 ueoa. If placed ia an erect position, aad left ms-
 Mopporied, she forthwith fell hack ward to th.
 froma. If being well supported, she made at&gt;
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 fe.pitr her efforts to Um contrary, would enww tbs
 other. She had been ia this condition nearly u
 ymu. Her treatmsm mi—saetil the jflth of Sept.,
 and was contioned to the 25tb Oct. only, when tto
 kn, so far recovered a* to be able to walk half
 awl* with «ne*. Smew her return to her family, stn
 has contiuuod hop U.lhs, with corresponding im
 provereent to her health. She now attend* to he.
 dotoeetsc duties, and with the assisUore of a smal.
 giri, does the week ai her family.
 FMients arc desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of weeßea llnkets, ewe pair of sheets
 half a doeea imprie atorfied, with ori hams la*
 bandages.
 Tersae. from ire to tea dollars per week, accord
 jflfl fa* —whies or choice ef toe patients.
 Tboee who are Iras portioufar i#j|f arieetioo of
 STiaUTiiJiSiirEr h
 AIM, Hank, GEORGE HOYT,
 l Sr giy ytfcrit
fOTEKTT:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAYTREf) AND LEGAL
 CUKE.
 •Y LY9AKDCR «P(M&gt;ME«.
 The Afiotny Patriot calls fa—'* A neat pomp tof
 108 pages—s very remarkable produnio
 Whether all the sntiripatwns of Mr. Foooner
 would be reahred by the fall adoption ef h** theory,
 we do aot here stop to eoqaire; trot we heartily com
 mend bis endeavor tr&gt; the notice of all who foee a
 transparent forcible diet fast iutrepsd fadspeadsnee
 original thought—and retire freedom ftfato toe rant
 of sect or party. Ass jmßffal writer, he has a depth,
 a compass, far beyond say one whose protfacuotis
 have met our eye in a lag tisne-”
 Hunt’s Merck*nt’* Magasioe says—“ It abounds
 in bold and nrttnaal thoughts. The Hfafol MM of
 poverty are stated, aad a number of impostant propo
 sitions bearing on die subject laid down; and. on the
 whole, we consider fa a work well worth stodytaf—
 affording a* it dors many valuable hints to the states
 man and political eroomufot.”
 The Bangor Gazette say*—' An able and rertoin
 h original work, from the pen of Lysuadee Spoowar,
 Esq.—author of that powerful Kook which deanoo
 stratrs the uueonetitMtiouality of American Slavery.
 There fa no writer of the age, of logical acumen mere
 searching thou Spooner.,* Tin# new work fa des
 tined to lead to a re examination of all former sys
 tems of politiral economy.” At fast blush hie eco
 nomical propositions strike its a* sustainable—end if
 they are so, his work will prevail, and prodooe ao
 important revofatroa in the present prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents-
hariMrgmiiif hxuau
 Is the only remedy that can Le relied on for the
 permanent cure of Contractions, Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Ilex srhe
 Nervi a* Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
 Debility. Deficiency of Nervous and Physical Ener
 gy, and all Nervous Disorders, inchidii g the most
 crew .fid of all diseases that a fleet the human race—
 Fprlepty, or Failing buktets. —Hysterical Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasms, kc It is well known, that
 from time tmmemoiial. Physicians have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all tlieir
 skill, and the bonsted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands lave sufleied through a mis
 erable existriice, and at last yielded up their lives oa
 the Attar of latently .—’l he ptopritti rof the Veget
 able Extract, lumever, (eels no delicacy in saying
 that it rati be cored. He would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physirianr, and all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which is k re of ered.
 If it is deception, let i be exposed but if it fa
 true, then in the name of hirmanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart’* VrgetalU Extract.—For sixteen years,
 has been toted by many petsons who have suffered
 with this dreadful di.-sa.-e, and in every case where
 it has had a fair ti ial, has efiected a pemaasM
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New YcTk, states that
 his daughter has hten afflicted with Fits for more
 than nine years, and has been cuicd by the use of
 the Vegetal le Extract.
 Mr*. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and lias bten restoreit to peifect health (alter
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell CO.,
 Alabama, who is one of the best Physicians in the
 State, says that he has teen much Gene fitted by the
 use of the Vegetal le Extract, and that he unhesital
 ingiy prescril es it in every case of Epilepsy which
 I cotoes under his knowledge.
 Cut ti* G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmsster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., statt s that for many yrars past he
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he it now
 happy to shite that a pel severing use of Dr. Halt’s
 Vegetable Extract, ha* restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
 Judge Ram all, N. 156 hemy sheet, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully iu
 1 his family highly recommends it to all perrons who
 are afflicted w ith Fits.
 M. Sttphen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Averus
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New Yotk, states that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Bougliton, a member of his family has
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Halt’s Vegetal.le Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State of
 Ohio to resume hi* business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 I Spots wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been ao much improved that he ktpea
 by Divine blessing, to Itave no more Fits.
 Fpileptic Fit*. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Rear! the follow ing remarkable case of the son of
 Writ, Secore, F.sq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fit* twenty-seven years and six months.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollats, returned
 w ith his son to this country in November last., w ith
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cuied
 by using Hart’* Vegetable Extract. —l Itave spent
 over three thousand doliai s for me icineand medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour tn Eu
 rope with him which 1 did. I fiist visited England,
 I consulted tlie moat emintnt physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly, I remained there thiec mon ha
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollar*, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that 1 received
 was their opinion that my son case was boneless
 and POSIfIVELY INCURABLE. I .ecoroingfo
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and Fiance, and returned home in tlie month ol
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 as when I left, I saw your advertisement in one of
 tlie New Yoik pa pets, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statement* and
 cei tificates of so many cui es, some of twenty
 thirty vears standing, and 1 can assure you I am not
 sorry I did so, as by the use of Hart's Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. Hip reason, which Has so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now before him of life, health and urofui
 ne*s. He is now years of age, and 27 yeai* 8
 month* of this time has been afflicted with thi*
 Bto*t dreadful of disease*, bat thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, »ir, faith without works I don’t belfav*
 in. To sny I shall be aver grateful to yen fa one
 fliing, and as I here encL-ie you one hundred do| ar*.
 i have no doubt but you will think this another ana
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept this nm uil a*
 on the debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM BECOAE.
 ’Testimony upon testimony.
 In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy ol
 this truly wonderful medicine, read ti« fallowing
 letter from Dr. W. L. M..„roe, of GuiMbrJ, OhkJ
 one of the most eminent physicians in that oh.ee
 Guilford, Ohio, Augnst n ,153:
 Brother laborer in the cauee ofhumanity-Dear
 •ir; li with nn small degree of that I
 am enabled to announce to you the cumulate triumph
 of y&lt;mr invaluable medicine in cases I
 have preaenbed it m four in,ranees in thi* vicinity,
 and u las been highly successful us all. J face
 tiL P* *f u J have been radically cured.
 .1- l topfoly improving, and will, 1
 think without doubt recover. I ais no* is the habit
 ol prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
 but when I see an article which promise* so muck
 for the relief of stifle, ing humaaity, I feel ay oety
 to recommend it, ami I have no besitaiiin tn say
 mg that h soon as the faculty are Hilly acquainted
 with the real merit of your medicine, tfay «jg
 close their eye* against prejudice and lead you a
 Is lcin« hand.
 srieeribe myself yours, sincerely.
 (Signedj W. L- MONROE N. D.
 To Dr. a. Hart, New York
 THE TIME 18 NOT FAR DISTANT
 When thousands who are now Uembline a—
 the band of tiii* dreadful disease, d feyL.
 every attack may prove fatal, wilt fowl I
 isrr 1 to -srs
 OVER ONE IHOUHAND CERTIFICATES
 STe.K?, b) w i*
 rL r '£72££ IWRT v-k.
 oo
 rinoati, Ohio, Geneva! Agents far the btofa
 Htotet. to whom ail &lt;wwaCSfaZT
 drraeed Post Paid.
 A W C m r ho
 Xi* k Si. P.ui. p.-i
 ?;A
 Co.» Su Lori* Ms.
"
