"FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M. R. DELANY, j Eoiro»«.
VOL. I. NO. 49.
TN NORTH STAR in palltebd even
 Frida f, at No. 35, Raffito Street,
 (OppMt* the Arc fit.)
 TERM H.
 Two doHar* per annum, ml tee ft tn *dv*nc*. No
 •aiwcriptioA wAi he received for a le*i itrm than
 «ix month*.
 Advertisement* not exceeding ten line* iaaerted
 three ti net for one dollar; erery ,«l*eqiieni ioner
 lioa, twenty-fire cent*.
 Tltr object oTthe North Star aril be to attack
 SLAVERY In all it* form* *r«l a*jject*; advocate
 Uxtvrß*AL EhaßClPAtior; exalt the etandard
 of PcsLK Morality; promote the moral and in
 teflectaal improvement of the Colored People;
 tod lu.ten the d»y of FREEDOM to the Three
 Million* of nm Erilaved Fellow Codr
 tether.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 All eommunicatfoa* relatin* to the bmtt
 matin of the paper, name* of *ub»criber*, remit
 t*ncea, Ac., *liouio be addreeeed to Johr Dick,
 Publisher.
 (TP* Agent*, and all other* lending name*, are
 et|Ut«ted to I* accurate, and give the Put Ojfcf,
 he L\vnty, and the Siatr. Each Subicriber i* im
 mediately credited for money received.
 (|9* Any per*on tending in the payment for four
 aobeenber*, to be f. awarded to one addre**, may
 have a fifth co;.y for one year.
 (0* AU letter* and communication* mu*t be po*t
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Maiiachi’sktts.-~R. F. Walcutt, 21,Coruhill,
 Breton; Nation Job i*on, New Be (ford; Horatio W.
 F &gt;«t’r, Lowell; J;u«*» N. Bu*fum, Lynn; George
 Cvata, Worceiter Bourne Spooner, Plvm &lt;iilh; 1
 Ciarle* H. Seth, Spri .gfiell David Rubles,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
 MAlRE.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Ver wort.— Rowland T. Robinson, North rer-
 ECTlCt’T.—Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New HaKPSHIXR.—Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 New York.— Svlney H. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street- Ja nes McCuieS nith,93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Poit, Wettbnrv, Queen Countv; Mary Har-
 Ptr, Albanv; Elias D»tv, Mace ion; Willett* Keene,
 eru, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van JL Je.lrev, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Amarancv Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M f Kim, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Excltange
 Pia-*, Ditto; B. Bown.Pittslwrzh; Wm. Whipper,
 C&gt;lu nbia; Isaac R »bert», Jacob L. Paxon, Norri*-
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton. t
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat-;
 aan an 1 Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har-!
 vVarre-i Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Bank*, Detroit.
Indiana. —Joel P. Davi*, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
From the Pennsylvania Freeman,
 AVAILABILITY —THE DOWNWARD
 COURSE.
 Years ago, when the proposal was
 first made to the abolitionists to organ
 ize themselves into a distinct political
 party, we were warned by many a faith-
 M watchman for truth, of the danger ofj
 ireb a measure—begun, as it must be,
 W conceding strict principle to seeming
 expediency—of the great liability, if
 not the suro necessity, of still further
 compromises and coalitions, to the sa
 crifice of our integrity. Past history
 gave illustrations to enforce the argu
 ment, but in spite of these our political
 friends thought they could venture on
 this path of expediency” with safety.
 Though they saw that others had been
 wrecked in that course, with a common
 and delusive confidence that their high
 er devotion to principle would keep
 them secure from evil, they pressed on
 the same way which had led so
 many before to abandon principle for
 power.
 The years which have passed, have
 been swift witnesses of the truth of
 those timely warnings and cautions.
 They have confirmed our conviction,
 whatever may be the nature of political
 action itself, that under our constitution,
 any political action must be “conceived
 in sin and begotten in iniquity”—that it
 must have a fatal tendency to compro
 mise. It begins by preferring availa
 bility to right, and can succeed in get
 ting power only pursuing the same
 downward course. A brief review of
 one chapter of anti-slavery history will
 illustrate it.
 In its commencement, the Liberty
 party professed to be thoitughly anti
 slaver) —to aim at nothing short of the
 entire ah dition of slavery throughout
 the country. Immediate emancipation
 was a leading article of its creed. Its
 organs declared that they could consist
 ently support no man for office who
 would not re present their anti-slavery
 principles. They generally denounced
 the pro-slavery policy of the govern
 ment; and denied all obligations to re
 gard the compromises by which the
 North were pledged to uphold slavery.
 To save their consistency, most ot
 them, in some way, maintained an anti
 slavery construction of the constitution,
 and thus, by bad logic, tried to keep
 good consciences. They professed to:
 glory in the name of abolitionists, odi
 ous as it was then. The mass of its
 members were no doubt sincere, how-,
 ever inconsistent in their position.
 .With these feelings, and to promote
 these aims, they nominated Mr. Birney,
 who was distinctively committed before j
 the country as an abolitionist. At that
 time, we believe that the honest masses
 of the party would have been shocked
 at the thought that they could ever
 take the position they now hold; but
 being defeated in their attempt to hold j
 up the principles of abolitionism, they
 yielded to the seductive plea of availa
 bility, and joining with the Independent
 Democrats, whj chose Mr. Hale as
 their Presidential candidate. Bold and
 manly as bis course had been as a
 member of Congress, they knew he
 was not committed to any peculiar anti
 slavery principle; they had no evidence
 that he would recommend and sustain
 the measures they had avowed; hi*{
 opinions of the compromises of the*
 Constitution were at variance with their i
 own. but be was near enough to them i
 to content to be their candidate,and the
 influence of hia name was a prize too
 rich to b# refused; this cnaeeasion to
 availability startled aod alienated a few
 ef the more rigid of their members, but l
THE NORTH STAR.
tbe great body, were eleted at it ae i
 grand stroke of policy.
 Their next step of concession, as u
 well known, was a coalition with th&lt;
 Barnburners in the support of Mr. Van
 Buren, who had gained a most unenvia
 ble notoriety by his base bowing ol
 the knee to the dark spirit of slavery,* 1
 and who, instead of showing any sin
 cere repentance of his past pro-slaver}
 action, openly justified it; end had just
 said of that action in tis letter to the
 Utica Convention:
 The extent to which I have sus
 tained it, (Slavery) in the various sta
 tions I have occupied, is known to the
 country. I was at that time well aware
 that I went further in this respect than
 many of my best friends could approve.
 But deeply impressed by the conviction
 that slavery was the only subject which
 could endanger our blessed Union, I
 was determined that no effort on my
 part, within the pale of the Constitu
 tion, should be wanting to sustain its
 compromises as they were understood,
 and it is now a source of consolation
 to ine that I pursued the course I then
 adopted.”
 It is true, he frankly withdrew hi*
 pledge to veto an act abolishing slavery
 in tt.e District of Columbia, and com
 mitted himself against the extension of
 slavery into new territory; but he still
 maintained abolition iu the District to
 be unwise, and must of course discoun
 tenance the passage of such a law; he
 counselled a considerate forbearance
 toward slavery where it now exists,”
 and carefully assured the South that he
 should fully sustain the compromises of
 the Constitution.
 Having chosen Mr. Van Buren as
 their candidate, and placed him before
 the country as the great representative
 of their principles, they were under a
 temptation too strong for many of them
 to resist, not only to defend his present
 position, but to justify or extenuate hi*
 past course. All the past political
 life of “the Northern man with South
 ern principles,” once so odious to the
 friends of freedom for its servile cring
 ing to the slave power, by the wondrous
 this nomination, becomes
 transmured into a cause eminently pa
 triotic and just; or if any faults are vis
 ible in it, they incline to virtue’s
 side”—they are the spots on the sun’s
 disc, and which must be hunted for to
 be found, and then are not worth any
 thing. The public has greatly misun
 derstood his policy towards slavery; his
 vote for the gag-law, suppressing the
 circulation of anti-slavery publications
 by mail, his action towards the Ainistad
 Africans, his policy toward Cuba, bis
 gratuitous veto pledge, and ail his other
 pro-slavery acts, so often denounced by
 abolitionists, are excused, and almost
 or entirely justified. lt is melancholy
 to see this apology for wrong, by men
 who once would have thrust their.right
 hand into the fire before they would
 have written it.
 Such a course must be demoralizing,
 not only to the men who take it, but to
 the community at large. We give Mr.
 Van Buren full credit for his course
 against Texas Annexation, and the ex
 tension of slavery, and for having
 broken from his old party, and taken a
 bold slaud against the arrogant en
 croachments of the slave power, and
 we would gladly overlook the sins of
 his past political life if we had any
 proof of his penitence for them; bqt we
 cannot consent for his sake to see a
 pro-slavery servility exalted into virtue
 and patriotism.
 In this connection we may mention
 that the National Era makes a labored
 argument and appeal to the Whigs of
 Maine, New Hampshire and Ohio, and
 the Democrats of Vermont, to induce
 them to go for Van Buren as their only
 hope of defeating Cass in the three
 former States, and Taylor in the last.
 The Republic makes a similar appeal to
 the Ohio Whigs. Now, suppose the
 politicians to whom this proposal is
 made shall show auy disposition to ac
 cept it, provided the Van Buren men
 will all »w them a sufficient considera
 tion, may we not look upon another
 compromise and coalition! The temp
 tation will be too strong, we fear, for
 political virtue, though the Free Soil
 men probably as little dream now, that
 they could sacrifice their present prin-;
 ciples for such a union, as they once
 dreamed, as Liberty party men they I
 could vote for Van Buren or any other!
 person opposed to the immediate eraan- j
 cipation in the District of Columbia, j
 We shall watch the future course of
 this party with interest, while we must,
 in fidelity to our cause and principles,
 counsel all abolitionists to stand aloof!
 from it, and all other politiral parties; j
 and apply themselves, with unfaltering
 zeal, to their great moral enginery lor
 the promotion of immediate emancipa
 tion throughout the nation and the
 world. Let us cling to the Right, and
 and we are safe, and must succeed.
 The first step of compromise for avail
 ability opens the way to unknown dan
 gers and probable defeat.
 THE HAPPIEST RELATION BE.
 ITWEEN LABOR AND C A PIT AX.
 Somebody has sent us the following
 article, stating that the extract it to be
 found in Gen. Butler’s speech on the
 Jack«on fine. In the heading of the
 article it it said to have been delivered
 in the House of Representatives, Jan.
 11, 1813. Whether the extract it cor
 rect or not, we have not the leisure to
 examine, but the date is wrong, for the
 fine bad not been inflicted upon the*
 General in 1813. It is probable that
 1813 should have been printed 1843.
 The person who sent us the extract
 demands its publication on tbe ground
 of fatrneea, nnfl in all fairness wa
 giva it:
 Tbs following it a ttrbahm extinct
 from speech made by Mr. Butler, of
RIGHT IS or NO SEX-TROTH IS OP NO COLOR-OOD IS THE PATHS* OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
1 1 Kentucky, now Gen. Butler, the toco*
 foco candidate for tbe Vice-Presidency,
 i in the House of Representatives, Jen.
 11, 1813:
 What I mean, then, in connection
 with what I have just said, is, that the
 predominance of slave over white pop
 ulation was such, and such its charac
 ter, as to more than neutralize any aid
 that could be fairly expected from the
 j white population, bad every man abl
 to bear arms been both a patriot aod a
 soldier. What I hear said of slavery
 in Louisiana, I by no means apply to
 slavery in general. On the contrary, I
 would much sooner trust tbe slaves of
 my own, and of several other States, to
 defend this nation in her darkest hour
 of need, than
 of are
 uniting themselves with foreign socie
 j ties, whose reel purpose is the destroc
 tion of this Union, under the specious
 pretence of bettering a class, who, in
 all the essentials of ease, comfort and
 i happiness, are infinitely better off than
 most of themselves.”
 The sentiments here attributed to
 Gen. Butler are neither new nor pe
 i culiar. Whoever has given ordinary
 attention to the opinions of the slave
 ocracy, is well aware that they regard
 human slavery as the corner-stone of
 republicanism, and the only proper re*
 lation between labor and capital, with
 out any regard to the color or caste of
 tbe laborer. No longer ago than May
 last, Mr. Dajris, of Miss., said, in the
 debate upon '|Mr. bill for the
 suppression of mobs In the District,
 I have no fear of insurrection, any
 more than of my cattle. Ido not dread
 such incendiaries. Our slaves are
 happy and contented. They sustain the
 happiest relation that bor lacan sustain
 to capital!”
 Tbe sieve system of the South is es
 sentially the feudal system of the middle
 I ages continued; and the serfdom of the
 producing classes, without regard to
 color or kindred, is its very heart and
 soul. The Southern aristocrat may
 s talk of democracy, but he acknowl
 edges no difference, iu fact, between
 I the chattel slave of tbe South and the
 wages slave of the North, nor can his
 judgment be fairly impeached, while
 the one does hi# work for victuals and
 clothes, and the other fights his battles
 at the same rate, and both alike submit
 to his usurped dominion over them.—
 When a man, either by force or by
 choice, becomes the tool of a tyrant, he
 must take the contempt which belongs
 to his condition. It not the Declara
 tion of Independence that can emanci
 pate the toilers, while they are happy
 and contented” in their bondage. Ig
 norance and disregard of principle and
 slavish submission in the white work
 ing man to the class of masters, re
 ceives its just recompense in the inso
 lence of such men as Calhoun, Butler,
 and Davis. The laboring man who
 gives his suffrage to the man who op*
 presses and despises him, ought to do so
 with enthusiasm, and go it with a rush,
 for if he stops long enough and keeps
 cool enough to think, he will make the
 unpleasant discovery that he is both a
 fool and a slave. “Hurrah for Old
 Zack!” Hurrah for Cass and But
 ler!” Give them a little more grape!
 You have licked each other many a
 time, and you don’t intend to do noth
 in’ else.”— Phila. Rep.
LOUISIANA SLAVE LAWS.
 The National Era, in illus‘rating the
 general law of slavery in Lojistana,
 makes copious reference to the enact-
 ments of her statute law, and to the
 decisions of her courts. A few speci-i
 mens, selected from among the more'
 striking, will interest, at the same time
 that their inhumanity and atrocity will
 shock the reader;
 Where a slave became intoxicated,
 and, going presently into a boat, fell
 overboard and was drowned, the person
 who sold him the liquor on which be got j
 drunk was condemned to pay the owner,
 the price; and it was held that the'
 owner need not prove that the defend
 ant knew the negro was a slave, and
 that the presumption is that the black
 man is a slave.—H Mirt. Rep., 10.
 In a suit for freedom by a oerson of
 color, held as a slave in good faith, and
 under .a just title, prooT that he bad
 served as a seamen itt a ship of war of
 the United States for several years,
 that he had always passed tor a free
 person, and that none othar are ever
 received on such vessels, will not be
 sufficient; he must establish his free
 dom by positive proof.—l Rob. Rep.,
 172.
 Where a slave, ordered to be eman
 cipated by will, sues to establish her
 right to freedom, she must allege and
 prove that she is thirty years of age, or
 a native of the State, and that she has
 behaved well during the four preceding
 years.-—3 Rob. Rep., 481.
 Though partial payments have been
 made to the master by a slave, for -the
 purpose of purchasing his freedom, the
 latter remains the property of the mas
 ter, who will continue entitled to all
 his services, sod tbs purchaser of such
 a slave will stand in the shoes of the
 vender, till such balance is paid. By
 the Court. —A slave cannot become
 partially free; nor can he, till legally
 aud absolutely emancipated, own any
 property without the consent of bis mas
 ter—-10 Rob. Rep., 450.
 Among the decisions of the Louisiana
 Courts relating to emancipation, we se
 lect the following:
 1. Under the Spanish law, the eman
 cipation sf a slave might he made by
 parol, in tbs presence of five wttneasee,
 hut not lass than that number.—4 Mart.
 Re 9.998; SMmi. Rep., 14R
 The Roman law. ff. 40, which de
 clares that, although the slave do ant
 pay the whole pries ef his freedom, yet
 he is anOded therein, if he nftsmede
Rochester, n. y., Friday, December i, iB4&amp;
®ake up the deficiency b/ bis labor,
 applies to only such as am made free
 imbmter, on condition of payiag a fur
 ther sum in futmro, not to tboee whom
 the master promises to free when such,
 farther sum shall be paid. Mart.
 RtP. 496.
 _ When will the system that exists by
 virtue of more than barbarian law,
 cease to be throughout a Republic
 vaunted as Christian and vaunted as
 free? Who does not desire that tbe
 dark shadow of such statutes may be
 lessened, rather than extended? Let
 them, we say, never pass the boundary
 of the Rio Grande, and, fast as may be,
 let them be blotted from the name aod
 memory of our entire country.—Banian
 Watchman.
From Urn Luodeo Tian
 HYPOCRITICAL SYMPATHY—
 ATROCIOUS PRACTICE
 Political slavery is an abomination in
 the eyes of our friends on the other side
 of the Atlantic—social'slavery an un
 objectionable condition of humanity.
 We have received a.file of New York
 papers, and there is much amusement,
 if but little information, to be extracted
 from the anomalous jumble of ideas in
 i which the citizens of the United Satei
 are involved by the actual situation ol
 American and European affairs. The
 figure of a spare, yellow, sinewy man,
 holding.in one hand a red banner, in
 scribed with the words, “Death tc
 Tyiants,” and in the other, a cat o’*
 nine-tails, would afford a not inanp
 posite image of the present condition ol
 the American mind as reflected in the
 press. For every invective hurled
 against the “despots” of the Old
 Wond, there will be found, as a count
 erpart, some unfeeling joke against the
 pretentions of the coloured population
 of the States to raise themselves to
 civil and social liberty. We have the
 quasi Whig candidature of old Zachary
 Taylor, and the Free Soil candidature
 of Mr. Van Buren—we have Abolition
 ism in white and black slices,” ac
 cording to the complexion of the
 assailants of the odious principle—we
 have the Irish Association publishing a
 manifesto in which it announces that
 the Irish rebellion has proved an abor
 tion, but at the same time intimates its
 determination to retain possession of
 the funds raised in the States in aid of
 the movement, without accountability,
 until Ireland shall become a republic,
 or some other Greek Kalend conting
 ency of the like kind shall occur
 finally, we have a report of the trium
 phant reception given to Hecker, the
 German refugee, tim representative ol
 the massacres and sanguinary tumult
 of Frankfort, and a thundering leading
 article in ridicule and denunciation ol
 the negroes. This is the white and
 black side of the shield. The Autocrat
 of all the Russias would be "hocked at
 the sentiments recorded with regard to
 Slavery, while, from the philippics in
 favour of Liberty, Blanqui and Barbes
 might extract consolation.
 The reception given to Herr Hecker
 is thus introduced to the reader’s
 notice
 RED REPUBLICANISM.
 “TREMENDOUS ENTHUSIASM.
 THE RED CAP AND RED FLAO.
 IN
 OLD TAMMANY.”
 In the editorial remarks we are in
 formed that the enthusiasm of the
 meeting, and the intense sympathy ex
 hibited for the cause of revolt in Eu
 rope, surpassed all power of descrip
 tion. A red cap of liberty and a red
 flag were hoisted, and the sight of them
 again excited the crowd, who renewed
 their cheers and plaudits. The editor,
 [of the New York Herald,] however,
 must speak for himself, and explain
 what he conceives to be the aestheticul
 objects of a revolutionary struggle
 'Hie heart of Raspail would have
 leaped for joy—L'wis Blanc would have
 shed tears of rapture—Barbes would
 have grinned and chuckled in his prison
 at Vincennes, to see and hear the
 loud, rapturous enthusiasm with which
 the red flag was greeted. It plainly
 proved that, whatever the cooler heads
 and hearts of a few may mediate, the
 mass of mankind, when once put in
 motion and roused up from the tranquil
 ity of daily life and occupation, are
 naturally red Republicans, and belong
 instinctively to the mountain party—
 that they all naturally go for an equal
 division of property, and for an equal
 share, by hook or by crook, of gin
 slings and sherry cobblers.
 As soon as the enthusiasm had a
 little subsided, the serious business ol
 the meeting began. Gen. Walbridge
 addressed the assembly with ready elo
 quence and amusing wit, in English,
 “a language,’* ears our New York
 cotemporary, next to German the best
 that call bt spoken, excepting, W#-
 ever, the harmonic Italian or gMh&lt;b
 loquent Spanish.” VY ben .taken in
 connection with a declaration of the
 negroes, which is in another part of the
 same journal, the assertions of the
 spnakernotrike os as being a tittle odd.
 The General first taxes every citizen of
 the United States with the responsibili
 ty of legislation—therefore, of Ware-
 benign influence of our institu
 tions, extending abroad, baa wry
 where tended to the political elevation
 of There can he no ques
 tion but that liberty, restrained bj
 constitutional tire, in the present domi
 nant sentiment of the age nor can k
 be oaestaeeed that the American pen
 pie ere g«dio* this sentiment ns s
 .penveises the ocree of human pasaior
 abroad. In America, if nothing had
 to be removed, free Institutions rapidlj
 advanced to maturity without obstrec
 SllSiSSSKoZiSiiltSlS
Each nan feel* that fee is an integral
 portion of the national sovereignty, and
 that an aggregate majority of the
 individual villa upon any given subject
 constitutes that irresiatsle public sen
 timent which should control iegialntioo,
 end give efficiency to law. Tte intel
 ligence of the people thus feecomee the
 fiardiaa of popular liberty.—JWw
 ork Herald.
 The “Gineral” then proceeds, in
 the oratorical style indigenous h the
 States, about “Luther,’* sod imposing
 moral spectacles,” and “the bright
 firmament of Heaven,” and the” mys
 terious Providence that presides over
 our benign institutions,” fcc., &amp;c.
 When be bad finished talking, and the
 MarstUaiu had been played by tbs
 band, and Herr Hecher bad made a
 speech in German, which ttobody but
 his own countrymen understood,' Mr
 Fwrch, a native of Germany, but a
 naturalized American, proceeded to
 drop manna into the ears of his iodi&gt;
 ence
 He could not help saying that it did
 them honor, great honor, while at the
 same time this cordial welcome of
 Hecker to the shores of the New
 World by the Mayor and Common
 Council of the city of New York, is
 not only gratifying and flattering to the
 German feelings of us, the adopted
 German citizens, but it thrown back
 into the teeth the reproach of European
 tyranny—it washes out the brand of
 infamy with which the corrupt tyrants
 of the Old World seek to stamp every
 friend of human rights and liberty, and
 practically refutes the false aspersion
 of the malignant epithet of criminal and
 malefactor, with which such men as
 Hecker are branded. Yes, America
 is is the land to which belongs the hon
 or of being the parent, the support,
 the friend, the fosterer of human liber
 ty throughout the whole world.
 (Cheers.) Here, in the free land of
 the brave and the free, the free and op
 pressed of all countries will find a wel
 come and a friend
 It should not bw forgotten that on a
 previous day Mr. Hecker had been
 publicly received by the Mayor and
 Town Council. His honor on that day
 expressed a hope, that while Mr. Heck
 er remained among them “he might
 learn the beauties of those institutions,
 of the land where freedom delighted to
 dwell. Would one not imagine that
 the very cab-horses in the United States
 gave motion to the vehicles simply un
 der the influence of moral restraint?
 Would nut one suppose that, at the
 slightest intimation of fatigue on the
 pai) of the agpal in question, the con
 ductor or driver would put himself be
 tween the shafts, and suffer the horse to
 get inside? Wait a moment; let os see
 how human beings, how the fellow-crea
 tures of those who delight to tickle each
 other’s ears with this miserable cant
 about liberty and free institutions are
 treated in America.
 Mr. Frederick Johnson, [Douglass,]
 the well known negro emancipationist,
 in conjunction with others of his op
 pressed race, has published a manifesto
 to his colored brethren, of which the fol
 lowing is an extract. The passage is a
 far more forcible comment upon all the
 flummery served up at“OU Tammany,”
 than anyhing here could be:—
 “But, fellow countrymen, it is not so
 much our purpose to cheer you by the
 progress we have already made, as it is
 to stimulate you to a still higher attain
 ment. We have done much, but there
 is much more to be done.—While we
 have, undoubtably, great cause to thank
 God, and take courage for the hopeful
 changes that have taken place in our
 condition, we are not without cause to
 mourn over the sad condidioo, which
 we yet occupy. We are yet the" most
 oppressed people in the world. In the
 Southern States of this Union we are
 held as slaves. All over that wide re
 gion our paths are marked with blood.
 Our backs are et scarred by the lash,
 and our are yet dark under the
 pall of Slavery. Our sisters are sold
 for the purpose of pollution, and our
 brethren are sold in the market with
 hearts of bur len. Shut up in the pris
 on house of bondage—denied all rights
 and deprived of all privileges—we are
 blotted from the page of human exis
 tence, and placed beyond the limits o|
 human regard. Death—moral death—
 has repulsed our souls in that quarter,
 mod we are a murdered people.”
 The temperate and manly language
 of this manifesto s treated with unspar
 ing ridicule in the first leading article
 of the paper from which we have ex
 tracted all the rest. [Acts York Herald.)
 It is declared to be “quite a curiosity
 in philosophy, literature, and shaving.”
 The agitation in favour of the abolition
 of negro Slavery, being what it is des
 cribed above—is represented as a move
 ment for the abolition of shaving and
 boot-blacking. “Are the blacks and
 whites to marry and be given in mar
 riage together?” And this is the tone in
 which Slavery is treated hi the chosen
 temple of human freedom. Have oar
 American friends casr beard of a cer
 tain man whoat vision was mterisred
 with by sbdam, bat who was extremely
 solicitous to remove a little motsfoom his
 brother’s eye?
 Frmb Sc Fas* Sail ftinlSnt
 AIBUCAIIUTBBT.
 This MMtttottnn of slavery is as evil
 which has sot a aiogle redeeming fea
 ture. In most easts, whatever is lost
 by ooe set of meats gained by another;
 but is this hmtsucs it is tot so, for the.
 slaveholders and the slaves are alike
 injured. Tim latter, Is consequence
 of beta* almost deprived of education,
 fe«sd sea suMdnu
 *ww wMK&amp;lOflp
 while the former, pltmtg^he
faculties which were |ivea to tbaai lot
 tha noblest purposes.
 The influence upon the mads and
 the social condition of the colored met
 is pitable in the extreme. We behok
 a race of men who, we are assured b&gt;
 high authority, were created in the im
 age of God, and who were placed in
 this world, in order that they may pre
 pare for a higher state of existence, de
 prived almost entirely ol the means of
 intellectual culture, and kept by their
 owners, like the horses in their stalls,
 in a sound and healthy condition,
 simply yith a view to pecuniary ad
 vantage. To those unfortunate be
 ings, the pleasures of social life, the
 higher pleasures of intellectual pur
 suits, and tbs still puyer pleasures of
 rational piety, are almost entirely un
 known, With reference to the slaves
 the selfish policy of man counteracts
 the benevolent designs of Deity, and
 the light He intended should beam
 upon their darkened minds is almost
 excluded by artificial regulations,
 which state governments have formed
 for the purpose of keeping them in per
 petual bondage. Yes? in this g/orious
 Republic, and in the midst of the light
 of the nineteenth century, there are
 hundreds of thousands of adults who
 are kept by the wicked policy of man in
 profound ignorance, who, as far as re
 gards intellectual improvement, arc
 mere children, and who have not yet
 entered upon that career of improve
 ment which nature has opened before
 them. The slam and stripes—the glo
 rious banner of the free—floats as
 proudly over them as over us, but those
 emblems of freedom are as un'ntelli
 gible to them as the hierogliphics of
 Egypt. The truths of the Declaration
 Independence, which, when they are ut
 tered, awaken thrilling emotions iu the
 bosom of every true American, are un
 heard by them, or if they are beard,
 they are mysteries which they do not
 comprehend. Even the doctrines ot
 religion do not exercise their prosper
 influence upon them, for they seld rn
 enlighten their minds, or purify th to
 hearts. Destitute of the great gilt ot
 reason and of other faculties, they mig.bt
 perform all the duties which they now
 perforin, and enjoy all the pleasures
 they now enjoy
 Slavery interferes greatly with the
 domestic happiness of the slave popu
 lation. The pleasant associations that
 linger around the home of even the
 humble cottager, have no connection
 with the rude cabin of the sluve. The
 inmates of those unsightly abodes are
 generally as destitute ot interest as the
 dwellings are of beauty, and the slaves
 retire to them, at the close of their dai
 ly lab h, like pnsouers to their cells,
 not to mingle in intelligent conversation
 with their iaimlies, or to enjoy the re
 fined pleasures of social life, but to rest
 from the fatigues of the day, and to
 gratify their auimal propensities. All
 those things that constitute attrac
 tions of homes of freemen are unknown
 to the cheerless abodes of slaves. They
 are more like it rational brutes than
 like bemgs endowed with immortal
 minds, susceptible-of endless improve
 ment in knowledge and iu virtue.
 The institution of slavery also affects
 the family relations of slaves. As they
 'hre entirely the property of their mas
 ters, and as they may be diaposed of by
 them, whenever their interest or ca
 price may dictate, the family relations
 are liable, at any time, to be disturbed.
 Husbands may be torn from their wives,
 and children from their parents, at the
 option of their owners. Slaves have
 uatural affections, as well as civilized
 men, and we cannot doubt but they
 have experienced a vast amount of suf
 fering, in consequence of their separa
 tion.
 Slavery also produces debasing ef
 fects on the morals of slaves. It is the
 nature of slavery to destroy every no
 ble feeling of the mind, and to leave in
 existence those of a grovelling nature.
 Persons thus circumstanced fall more
 easily victims to the artifice of unprin
 cipled men. Even in civilized coun
 tries, where slavery does not exist,
 many of the young and inexperienced,
 are enticed from the path of virtue by
 the wickedness of artful men. And it
 must, in the nature of things, be still
 worse in communities where the per
 sons of individuals are within the con
 trol of their owners. We have reaeon
 to believe that in lt»ose communities of
 fences against virtue and decency are
 frequently committed, that unsuspect
 ing slaves oflen become an easy prey
 to those who should be the pr«4ectors
 of their ionocence. We have reason to
 believe that the slaves are as destitute
 of virtue as they are ol intelligence,
 nod that the want of both is to be attri
 buted mainly to their servile condition.
ER€UmH TEWS «T the PRESIDES*
 TUI Contest.
 The precedents before us are not of
 nature to dispel all alarm, la tb*
 ever-raging contest for the American
 Presidency, there is itothra so effect
 ual aa a good war-cry. There is al
 ways a war party in the United States.
 Mr. Polk came in with a Mexican war
 and all Oregon or none” on hie han
 mm. Tha former promise be bee suffi
 ciently redeemed, akb much glory and
 venr little profit. On the letter point
 be has allowed b&lt;s party engagmeou to
 ha interpreted hy public justice and dts
 awtioa. Bat another ejection is at
 head; candidate, are in the field, not
 only for that but f*r subsequent cor»-
 tmka, and tacticians are already pre-
 f tUrr
 RglngMaa PkSfiSs Waon I._
 Celtic g|ii|Milu— os
JOH3 DICK. P»uiM«.
WHOLE NO. —19
Irish are a very large, and under ce®-
 lioual immigration* an increasing party
 in the Unrted States. They have al*
 ways encouraged, and this year have
 even promised to assist a rebellion in
 Ireland. But .they prefer, in genetai,
 to operate against England through (he
 politics of their adopted country, al*
 ways siding with the anti-British party,
 without reference to any other consul
 erations. General Caw ts said to be
 secure of every Irishman in the Union,
 because, aa his supporters profess, if
 elected, he will seise the first opportu
 nity of a war with England. That ev
 ery statesman of moderate honor and
 sense in the States will see the wicked
 ness and folly of a gratuitous war,
 entertaia .no manner of doubt; but a
 canny*, be concealed that a furious war
 party aud a Presidential election every
 four years, are a combination suggest
 ive of danger. In the hour of Eng-
 I land’s weakness or distinction, in a dis
 astrous crisis of European waifare,
 under provocations or pretences which
 no care on our part can prevent, with
 Ireland insurgent and Canada near, a
 successful candidate for the seat of
 Washington may find himself too deeply
 and furiously pledged to wit. draw, and
 the Irish citizens of the Union may
 succeed in dragging the two nati ns
 into a war, from which England will
 most grievously suffer, but from
 which we do not think t.iat the U ited
 States will emerge without irrenaiuble
 harm.
 Even in this country, under the de
 cent veil of monarchical aud aristocrat
 ical institutions, we have often wit
 nessed during the last century, and not
 less in this, the enormous mischief done
 by what may be called our Presidential
 contest the struggle tor ministerial
 power. Even within the last dozen
 years we have seen parties so evenly
 balanced in this island as to drive the
 actual occupants of office to the m. st
 discreditable alliances, the most mis
 chievous concessions, and the m &lt;st
 flagrant abuse of official patronage
 During that long struggle between Sir
 Robert Peel and the party now in pow
 er, which, on the one had, so lataily
 blinded that statesman’s eyes to the
 impossibility of the engagements t.uust
 upon him by hisfiiends, the whigs, on
 on the other hand, were thrown into me
 arms of the Irish incendiaries. From
 1837 to 1841, Great Britain was gov
 erned by Ireland. It is notorious that
 during that period the solicitation® of
 one Irish supporter was all-powerful,
 not only for Irish, but for English pa
 tronage; and, as we know by an ex
 ample, that one Irish member could
 carry off a prize denied to the joint re
 presentati »nsof six English and Scotch.
 Among other causes tiiat have con
 tribgfd to th* present outbreak in Ire
 j be numbered that cup d.ty
 tor place, which, niter a temporary en
 couragement, is now found impossible
 to satisfy. 'I he public results of that
 untoward combination, tell their own
 tale. The cause of order has been
 permanently injured by the fell necessi
 ty which drove honorable men to seek
 refuge in a den of conspiratt rs. That
 such necessities have arisen under a
 partial representative system, is a fact
 which indicates the still greater danger
 of a purely elective government.—Lon
 don I'imes.
The First Birth, the First Min
 ister, &amp;c.—The first white child in
 North America, wan Virginia, daughter
 of Ananias and Eleanor Lare, and
 grand daughter of' Governor John
 White. She was born on the Itifb day of
 August, 1587, in Roanoke, North Car
 olina. Her parents were of the expe
 dition sent out by Sir Walter Raleigh
 in that year. There is no record of
 her history, save that of her birth.
 The first minister who preached the
 gospel in North America was Robert
 Hum, of the Church of England, an
 exemplary man, who came out in the
 same company with Captain John
 Smith, in the year 1607. He waa much
 esteemed as a man of peace, and was
 in many ways useful to the colony.
 There is no record of his death, or of
 his returning to England he most
 probably died at Jamestown. He had
 a good library, which was burnt, with
 all his other property, in Hie burning of
 Jamestown, the next winter after he
 came out.
 The first females who came to Vir
 ginia proper, were Mrs. Fore»t, and
 her maid, Anne Burras, in the expe
 dition of Newport, 160$ The first
 marriage in Virginia was in the same
 year—John Ladon to Anne Burras.
 The ceremony was probably by the
 same good Master Huot.”
 The first intermarriage between the
 whites and Indians wsa John* Rolle to
 Pocahontas, in April, 191&amp; Pota
 hontas was also the first of the Viigmia
 Indians that embraced Christiai ity ar.d
 was baptized.
 The first Legislative Assembly in
 Virginia met in July, 1619. at the sum
 mon* of Governor or Georgs Yeaidley.
 Owe month later, negroes w#»s first
 brought into (he colony by a Dutch
 man of war.
 The first periodical in North Ameri
 ca, was the Boston News Letter, which
 loads its appears nee in August, JW.
 The first mi the Old Dominion. Tbs
 Virginia Gazette, published at Wil
 itamsburg, by William Parks, r **ff
 at fifteen shillings. It appeared in 1736,
 sod was long tbs only paper publs-Urd
 in tbe colony. Slavery preceded the
 periodical press fiy 117 veers.
 The Blue Ridf* erased by
 wbiles hi 1714. The first Iron Furnace
 •rested in North America wee by Gov-
 W""*
 labtoaMJ,'/ tuton,
 OuriLLiun—Th, pm ttmYn
 rfji-Utem. i. U 10,
 £OO, tooling 01409.707 pila.
"
