"NEGROES WANTED.—Persona having
 SLAVES to sell, will hereafter find os to
 rated at the extenwv* establishment formerly
 owned by Hope H. Slitter. We hast per
 chased hta enure possessions pi Pratt Street,
 No 224. at which place all who hare slara
 to sell will be sure to get the highest pnee
 when the negroes are young and likely. Thr
 place now open to receive, on Board, Ne
 grot* which are for sale, at twenty-fire cent*
 per day. All communication will receive
 prompt attention.
 B. M. St W. L. Campbell.
 Having retired from the business, I would
 cheerfully recommend my friends and custom
 ere to call at my old establishment to obtain
 the highest price for their slaves.
 Hops H. Slatte*.
 FOR SALE—Two likely negro boys,
 about fourteen yean of age. They are sold
 for no faulta, the owner having no ua for
 them. Alao, a pew in St. Peter’s Chnrch.
 Rev. Mr. Atktnaon. Apply to S. H. Goll,
 969 Baltimore at.
 These two advertise menu are from the Bal
 timore Sun. It will be seen from the first,
 that the notorious Slatter has “sold out” but is
 at heart as much as ever the slave-selling
 scoundrel that he was. But let him pare.
 He and all others like him, are the necessary
 growth of the accursed system, and more de
 serve our pity than our censure. The second
 advertisement is particularly intereating. It
 advertises for sale two different things which
 are articles of trade in this Christian
 country—viz likely negro boys,” and “a
 pew in St. Peter’s Church, Rev. Mr. Atkin
 son. A whole volume could not set down
 more clearly the history of the United Sutes
 of America m the year 1848, than this little
 paragraph. It gives to all future ages one of
 those marked and prominent facts, that stand
 out in strongjrelief, to be indellibly impressed
 upon the memory. The reader of history
 'will always remember this year as a time of
 revolution and struggling for liberty in the
 Old World—and of selling church pews and
 likely negro boys’’ in the New. With
 whom will be his sympathies* Will he ad
 mire most the people who drive a detestable
 and hell-invented trade in “slaves and souls of
 men,” or the people who hurl the oppressor
 from his scat of power, and proclaim the in
 herent right of all men to liberty and self
 government* Oh, foolish people, who hath be
 witched you, that you can suffer this horrible
 iniquity to exist within your borders for a
 single day Your brother’s blood cries to
 Heaven against you. All your efforts cannot
 wash the stain of his life from your guilty
 hands, it is there, a damned spot that will
 not out, and “all the perfumes of Arabia can
 not sweeten it.” “What are we to do,” you
 ask. “Do justly, and love mercy!” Snatch
 yourselves away from the sinner and his
 crimes, and you will escape his punishment.
 —j. d.
 The New Congress.—Thus far, the
 elections have resulted in the choice of 71
 Whigs and 53 Democrats. These take the
 place of 63 Whigs and 61 Democrats. Whig
 gain 16.
 Slavery in the District.—A bill to
 abolish Slavery in the District of Columbia,
 will it is said be offered in Congress at an
 early day, by Thaddeus Stevens, member
 elect from Pennsylvania.
 Glorying in their shame. —Elated by
 their recent viefories, State and national, the
 Whigs in various parts of the Commonwealth
 are kindling lionfires, firing cannon, illuminat
 ing their dwelliags, mcarching in torchlight
 processions, &amp;c. Sic. So Nero fiddled while
 Rome was burning! In the jubilee which
 they are holding at the elevation of another
 MAN-STEALER to the Presidential chair,
 the demons of the pit can readily participate.
 Alas |for our nation Liberator.
 Positive Facts.—The party which has
 all the respectability certainly does con
 tain some pretty intelligent voters, without
 going to North Carolina. Ooe of them resides
 in Ward 11. When he heard some one at the
 polls sing out, “Three cheers for Taylor,’ he
 responded. “Yes that’s the man for my vote.
 1 always did think that Tyler made a good
 President, and I am going to vote for him to
 day.” His knowledge of orthography did not
 detect any mistake, and under the consoling
 faith that he was voting for his old friend, the
 accidental, he.voted for Old Zack.
 But we have another case of still more af
 fecting simplicity.
 A| pious old man who resides in East Bos
 ton was congratulating his friends on the re
 sult of the Presidential election,“ What,” said
 one of them,” did you vote for Taylor ‘Oh
 yes,” said he, “I’ve hearn Father Taylor
 preach a good many times in the Bethel, and
 when I saw him ndin’ on board the boat in
 the Water Celebration, I told a man that he
 would make a sight better President than Mr.
 Cass or Mr. Butler. It makes me feel rather
 glad to hear he’s elected.— Chronotype.
 Very Pious.—An orthodox clergyman in
 Norwich, it is said, wrote the following pray
 er upon the back of a vote for the warrior and
 slaveholder, Taylor: 4 May God grant that
 this vote, given with extreme reluctance and
 many fears, may not contribute to perpetuate
 the shame and crime of my beloved country,
 nor bring upon her the curse of heaven.’ We
 know not how this may strike others—to us it
 seems simply impious. That the man voted
 against his convictions of right, is clearly evi
 dent from the language of his prayer-hut,
 while performing this act of fealty to his
 party at the expense of principle, he
 asks God to take care of the country, by
 counteracting the legitimate tendency of the
 vote given. A man might as consistently
 throw a lighted brand into his neighbor's hay
 mow, praying God all the time that He won’t
 let the poor fellow’B barn burn up* The folly
 of such prayers is equalled only by their ira-
 Eiety —and the religion that can offer them,
 owevprgood it may be for the next world,
 is scarcely better than atheism for this.— Char
 ter Oak.
 Ohio Black Laws.— A petition to the
 legislature of Ohio has been put in circulation
 in that State, by the annual meeting of the
 Society of Friends—those stedfast fnends of
 the colored men, praying for the repeal of all
 the laws which make civil distinctions be
 iweedkhe white and colored citizens of State.
 The movement aims at the repeal of those
 disgraceful statutes known as the Black laws,
 though other good objects are contemplated.
 Perhaps the time for achieving such a result
 has not yet arrived but that the good people
 of Ohio, and ut all other States, will see the
 day when their unrighteous oppression of
 men on account of their color will appear to
 them as unworthy and ungenerous as to insuit
 a fallen foe, or to chastise a wife, there is no
 doubt. Oppression is as much a mark of
 meanness as of wickeduess. We certainly
 hope this beneuulent impulse will not be in
 vain.- N. Y. Evangelist,
 Newspapers by the Ei ropean Steam*
 *M.—The Postmaster General, Johnson, has
 ordered that newspapers for editors and news
 papers sent as freight, shall not be charged
 with United Stales postage, and that they
 ■hall be delivered from the steamer without
 passing through the post office. Should he
 mid, however, that the British Government
 pursues a contrary policy toward American
 newpspere, he reserve* the right to retaliate.
 The Mormons, are about to issue a news
 paper from their camp in the wilderness.
Communications.
PuLAOurna, Nev. 81, 1848.
 Fatotaica DevoLaaa: I have omitted
 i giving you any intelligence from oet mam*
 moth metropolis lor several weeks, owing to
 pressing engagements. Since yooreelf and
 friend Delany paid ua the timely visa, which
 was as bread cast upon the waters,” we
 have had the moat encouraging movements
 going on. Anti-Slavery meetings upon Anti-
 Slavery meetings have followed in quick ooe.
 ruuton, with the boot of consequence*.
 The North Star asoociauon held its first
 meeting, since its organization, on last Thu re
 day evening, at Brick Wesley Church, and
 was tolerably attended.
 Since M. R- Delany left, Wm. W. Brown
 psid ua a visit, and lent us a hand for a short
 time. He is now in the Eastern part of the
 State, lecturing, in company with Cyrus M.
 Burleigh, J. M. McKim, and others.
 We are to have a State Convention on the
 13th of December, at Harrisburgh, to make
 arrangements to petition for the right of suf
 frage. 1 have never before witnessed so fa
 vorable a feeling among our people in regard
 to the elective franchise as at present. The
 people are at work in the matter. We re
 ceived a circular a few days ago from Pitts
 burgh, calling upon the colored citizeife to
 call county Conventions, and appoint dele
 gates to the State Convention. Accordingly,
 the ciuaens of the city and county qf Phila
 delphia called a meeting, aud appointed ten
 delegates, and are making arrangements to
 collect funds to send them. The circular
 contained two hundred and fifty-seven names,
 from twenty-three counties.
 Our never-to-be-forgotten pro-alavery priest,
 Gloucester, still holds out against the friends
 of the slave. His doors are still shut against
 the advocates of the oppressed. A member
 of his congregation was married a few days
 ago in his church, when it was reported that
 all who witnessed the marriage should pay
 ten cents but in consequence of the parties
 refusing to comply with said arrangement, it
 was abandoned. As a matter of course that
 was no desecration of the church!
 Yours in behalf of the downtrodden of our
 country, G.
From our own Correspondent.
 London, Nov. 8, 1848.
 You are probably aware that the French
 National Assembly has decided that the elec
 tion for President shall be by universal suf
 frage, with this proviso, that unless the lead
 ing candidate has a clear majoiity of twe
 millions of vgtes over the rest, the National
 Assembly shall be at liberty to make its own
 election. Thus, for instance, should it hap
 pen that Prince Louis Napoleot^shouldhaves
 majority of ono million above Cavaignac, anc
 again Cavaignac one say of nine hundret
 thousand above Lamartine, the Assemblj
 would have the power of placing any one oi
 the three in the Presidential chair. The elec
 election is to take place on Sunday, the 10th
 of December. There is little, doubt but thai
 Prince Louis Napolen will be at the head ol
 the poll—there is less certainty that he will
 obtain the absolute majority required, in
 which case the choice of the Assembly is sure
 to fall on Cavaignac. The French funds have
 recently fallen. Various causes are assigned
 for this the most probable is, the declining
 popularity of Cavaignac, and the idea enter
 tained by many of the friends of order, that,
 with the departure of his ascendancy, that oi
 all settled government will be simultaneous.
 Paris is moderately tranquil. A great female
 demonstration took place there on the 2d oi
 November, in behalf of the June insurgents.
 Seiious apprehensions were entertained, bui
 it passed off peaceably. Both trade and lit
 erature in France are at a miserably low ebb
 Want of confidence causes the former to lan
 guish-want of readers of aught but politics
 prevents the publication of other than polilica
 writings.
 In Austria, since my last, His Imperia
 Majesty has appointed Prince Windisgrat;
 Generalissimo of his forces. The Coun
 Amersperg and the Ban of Croatia, (th&lt;
 other Imperial Generals,) have cordially ac
 quiesced in his supremacy, and with thei
 forces have yelded him efficient co-operation
 Vienna has been invested by the three armies
 The Hungarian army, under Kossuth, hai
 ingloriously retreated, and, finally, Vienn;
 capitulated on the night of the 31st of Oct
 One of the insurgent generals has plundered
 the treasury to a large amount, and escape*
 with the proceeds. The Emperor remains a
 Olncutz. In a circular he has recently ad
 dressed to his respective ministers at the vari
 ous courts of Europe, he states that he hasn&lt;
 desire to reconquer the liberties of his peo
 pie—that the constitution he has accorde*
 them he will faithfully observe and that it i
 but against the factious rabble of the capital
 whose hands are stained with the blood o
 his ministers, and sullied with nuraberles
 atrocities, that he has directed the power o
 his arms. It is a curious fact, that Windis
 grata, the Bohemian Prince, is the linaal de
 scendent of Wallenstein. He has behave*
 with firmness and forbearance, especial!*
 when we remember that a month or two since
 both his wife and son were murdered by tin
 insurgents of Prague. Berlin continues in i
 most unsatisfactory state. The alarm of re
 action is continually raised, yet no one is abl*
 to indicate the quarter in which it lies. If it
 the frequent brawls which occur in the streets
 anybody happens to be lulled, a deputatioi
 immediately conveys the bodies to ibe door
 of the palace, where it leaves them. Th*
 inference is easy. The poor lung is supposei
 to be the author of all the mischief. Th*
 central government scarcely gives signs o
 life.
 In England we are very quiet. Publi
 attention is much engrossed by the prospect
 ive amalgamation of the three chief railwa;
 companies—the great Western, the Londoi
 and North-western, and the London an*
 South-western. If Parliament should eve
 sanction their petition, there is every reaao*
 to fear that the company will become a
 enormously powerful, representing as it wiJ
 forty-three millions of capital, that the pnbli
 will have no security against the oppressive
 fores which the respective constituent con
 ptftieA have already evinced their inciinatioi
 to adopt. The Parliamentary stipulation*
 which have, at various times, been mtro
 duced with the acts by which they are tegv
 laced, have been rendered almost of no avail
 so many ways aw there of evading them.
I should think them are few pataoM, no
 actually railway shareholder*, who would no
 ®uch prefer tho absorption of the rano*
 boea under a eentnliaed guenrnment manage
 meat. Private enterprise, whoa iacompeti
 tiofi, and private eotoprire, when
 with a gigantic monopoly, are aery difleree
 thing*. 3. P. Q. E.
 From the BaHut CWwridT
 The Free Chnreh and ilwrery.
 Dear Sit—Have the goodness to give m
 sertwo io vour journal to the aeeompaayinf
 extiacta from the letter of the Preabyteriar
 Church in America to the Free Chunk o
 Scotland, and an extract of the Free Churei
 of Scotland* reply to aaideommnmcmtion. Ii
 terns that the Free Church has now promised
 “not to intrude” in futnre their opinions ami
 sentiments upon the notice of the American
 Church regarding the sia of slavery. Is it not
 melancholy, Mr. Editor, that a Christian
 church in Great Britain should officially de
 clare that because sinners are offended at be
 ing told of their fault, and that in language
 moat mild and gentle, the Free Church mil
 not reprove them again, oo the contrary con
 tinue to hold fellowship with a professing
 church of Christ who admit to the Lord’s table
 men stealers, cradle plunderers, and women
 whippers. I am happy to state that the Free
 Church Anti-Slaycry Society has peotested
 against the Free Church’s letter to their breth
 ren in America. Observe that the Free
 Church Anti-Slavery Society is composed of
 members of tlie Free Church only, none others
 being admitted, and it is to be hoped that their
 exertions to purify their chureb will in doe
 time prove successful.
 We read in olden time that the prophets
 were told to cry aloud and spare not, and
 llhaa who did not reprove sinners for their
 iniquities were held guilty of the blood of
 their brethren. Bat alas! in the nineteenth
 century of Christianity, ministers hf the gos
 pel (of him who preached deliverance to the
 captive, and to loosen those held in bonds,)
 gravely say that in future they they will not
 mention the sin of slaveholding to a church
 stained with what the veneiable Wesley
 called the sum and substance of all human vil
 lainy. Thank God there is now a Free Syn
 od of Presbyterians in America, composed of
 Presbyteries who have come out from the new
 and old organizations of the American church
 es, giving as their reason for doing so, that
 they despaired of those bodies excluding
 slaveholders from their communion A ler
 ter from the Free Synod of the Presbyterian
 Church in America was recevied and read at
 the last meeting of the General assembly in
 this town, to which no doubt a suitable reply
 has been sent. I understand that a deputa
 tion is about proceeding to the United States
 of America, to solicit subscriptions in aid of
 the funds of the Home Mission of the Pres
 byterian Church in Ireland. I hope the dele
 gates will not visit the slave States to look
 for subscriptions; indeed, they would get
 none if they prove faithful, and hot sit down
 in fellowship with men stealers.
 I am, dear Sir, very truly yours,"
 James Standfield.
 Belfast, 3d Nov. 1848.
 Ext rad of a Letter from the Presbyterian
 Church of America to the Free Church of
 Scotland on Slavery.
 Richmond, Virginia, 26 th May, 1847.
 Your letter is chiefly occupied with your
 opinions and views of the system of slavery in
 these United States, and remarks on what you
 conceive to be our duty, in relation to that
 great subject, both as members of the church
 and citizens of the state. As we do not deem
 furthfT communications, on our part, on this
 subject, necessary, we refer you to our pre
 vious letters, and to our letter to the General
 Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Ire
 land, a copy of which, we herewith enclose
 you in our minutes for 1846.—8 y reference
 to these documents, you will be put in poe
 seession of the sober, and concientious, and
 scriptural views entertained by our body, and
 learn our true position in relation to slavery—
 a position which we have always occupied,
 and shall continue to occupy in time to come.
 We beg that you will repose confidence in us,
 and having perfect understanding of the sub
 ject in all its bearings and relations, that you
 will leave us to discharge the duties which
 rest upon us in view of it, praying that in all
 things we may be guided by wisdom from on
 high.
 Extract from the Reply of the Free Church of
 Scotland.
 We have received the communication from
 your Assembly dated Richmond, Virginia,
 26th May, 1847, and we desire to express to
 you the cordial satisfaction with which we
 hear of your continued prosperity, as a Church
 of Christ, and your abundant labours in his
 cause, both in your own and other lands. On
 the subject which has occupied a prominent
 place in our correspondence hitherto, namely,
 the system of slavery in the United States, and
 what we conceive to be your duty in relation
 to it, you refer us to your previous letters, as
 well as to one addressed by you to the Pres
 byterian Church of Ireland, and yon beg that
 we will repose confidence in you, and having
 perfect understanding of the subject, in all its
 bearings and relationsjthat we will leave you
 to discharge the duties which rest upon you in
 view of it. We shall not of course, after
 such an expression of your wishes, continue
 to intrude our opinions and sentiments upon
 your notice.
 Liberia.—A London letter of the 3d
 instant, in the New York Commercial Adver
 tiser, says
 Your readers will probably be aware that
 Presideut Roberts, of Liberia, arrived in Eng
 land about six weeks back, to. negociate a
 commercial treaty, and also a recognition of
 his Republic. He has fully succeeded in his
 mission, and will speedily return direct to
 Africa. He has also been to Paris, and has
 there likewise obtained a recognition. His
 visit will probably cause considerable atten
 tion to be directed to Liberia, especially in
 connection with th? suppression of the slave
 trade.
 A Black Representative.—At the sit
 ting of the National Assembly of France, on
 Friday last, a considerable movement took
 place in the Chamber, in consequence of the
 appearance of M. Mainline, whoa^admission
 was lately pronounced fer the colff} of Mar
 tinique. The Representative, who is of the
 very blackest hue, walked up to the extreme
 end of the Chamber, and took his aeai im
 mediately under the clock. His features
 were then visible, and presented to view the
 true negro type. The movement through the
 Chamber continued to increase, and arrived at
 its highest pitch when the new comer coolly
 drew out an eye-glass, and proceeded to
 leisurely examine the different parts of the
 Assembly. It was some moments before the
 President could procure sufficient attention to
 allow the' discussion on the constitution to
 prooesd.
 Another Decision giving liberty to a
 slave brought into this state by his master,
 was pronoenced hy Judge Hodges of Wash
 ington Co. on the Bth inst. The master was
 a renegade northerner who moved from Penn
 sylvania to Ky t sod there became a slave
 holder, and on a visit to his friends in his mate
 brought with him one of his chatties to wait
 upon bin wife. As the woman preferred free
 dom and self-support to the care' of her nat
 ter he will return minus one human chattel.
 The patriarchs will probably grow cautions of
 bringing their happy and contented bandmm
 where they can choose for thsnisnlrmlist nets
 liberty »ed riarety.— Pm*. FVnun.
 There are three crimes in Ramin, for
 the i omiajssiim of which the guilty party it
 severely punished, via: Gambling, drunken
 ness, mod reading fesi* ’—Exchange.
 We 4eu*t knew bat that a little of tho pun
 ishment for the Inner offense would he of
 advantage how—«»lent fer reek hooka ao are
 moody rood*the pteoont day.— Boston Bee.
SLAvreretaaxs i» rare Fm Trutmt.
 —We mirmui that iw» d kamds at ihi«-
 hHw am preparing Immr mto Cehforma
 h
 Philadelphia Republic sejs:
 The slaveholders know «ht (hn am
 about. That deadly raairisim. to the Proviso
 not aa abstraction, aad accredisgly wo find
 themorgremaf Coforeratioa Wooieam far dm
 my pgpoae of occupying dm ground aad
 anayiag thou forest oa the spot for dm
 earbesl and meat desperate efforts to extend
 tbeit system into dm new country. It ia to bo
 occupied aa Texaa vaa aad far the aame por-
 C. All they waat ia torn to crowd the
 with their three- The inrmioo
 ready arranged, aad while the North is dehat
 tag whether the Pnmao ia nnnraanj aad
 whether Tayloi will veto it, the propagandists
 are busy nathug forward their ~»frmoa en
 terprise. It ia not a aoo-oomantu]. unpledged
 President that will arrest the mischief. Delay
 derisive legislative action as long as the Ore
 gon bill was hanging in Congress, and the
 question will be one of abototioa of slavery,
 which, by that tune will have usurped the
 ground, aad planted itself upon the right of
 pnwereiuu. Actual, absolute,
 prohibition—the Wilmot Proviso now, ia the
 only security; every pretence and profession
 that delays the decision is a cheat. The an
 nexation of Texas was accomplished by
 stealth. When Adams and Gates and one or
 two other members of Congress first warned
 the country of the design, it seemed so impos
 sible that it waa unheeded, but within a year
 or two from the time whan the purpose was
 demonstrated the scheme had triumphed over
 all obstacles, and the iniquity was coaaum
 laated.”
 Anti-Slaverx at the South.—We un
 derstand that a new weekly paper of the anti
 slavery stripe is in contemplation at the City
 of Washington. The plan is to make a large
 sheet and put it at the low pries of $1 a year.
 At the same time, it ia believed, the enterprise
 will be under auspices to insure it permanence
 and complete success. It must be the inten
 tion of the parties interested, we judge, to
 give the new mouth-piece a somewhat snore
 searching and distinctive character on ques
 tions of Reform generally than is maintained
 by the National Era which at present repre
 sents the Abolition interest of the county at
 the seat of government. We wish the South
 much joy at the advance of the Northern
 Lights towards their meridian.— N. Y. Tri
 bune.
 A Trance of Fifteen Years.—A young
 woman, named Ann Comer, Farrington,
 Devon, has remained in a decided state of un
 consciousness for the past fifteen years. It is
 thought by many that she is in “a trance.”
 Her mother assured the writer that for eleven
 years she had not partaken of the least par
 ticle of food. She is certainly in bed, has a
 placid smile, and, though possessing vitality,
 has no consciousness of the approach of any
 party, neither can she distinguish any object.
 She has been visited by some of the most
 eminent in the medical profession; and others,
 since her case has been made known, have
 called to witness what might be justly termed
 this phenomenon in nature. Medical Times.
 Cincinnati as it is—The Cincinnati Com
 mercial says; A gentleman of intelligence
 and observation, has been analyzing the con
 glomerate ingredients which form this great
 city. He says we have about sixty churches,
 large and small, three theatres, five market
 places, four hundred and eighty places where
 liquors are sold by the drink,no public square
 or park, (except carpet-cleaners green,) 28,-
 000 moral and church-going people, as many
 more respectable people who go but do not
 belong to church, and about half as many
 more who won't go—the balance being pro
 miscuous, made up of all sorts, characters,
 casts and colors. Our population within the
 valley, he estimates at 120,000, and mourns
 that all this mighty mass live in the fearful
 risk of having their neeks broken over our
 rough pavements.
 Stampede Frustrated.—We ream that
 about forty negroes bad made arrangements to
 leave their masters in Woodford county, in
 this State, on Saturday night last, but the
 plot was discovered just in time to defeat its
 execution. The negroes all had free passes.
 According to the plan of operations, each was
 to steal a horse and cross the river before day.
 They were betrayed by a negro to whom the
 plot was disclosed, and who was requested to
 join in it. The negroes stated that two or
 three white men who had been in the neigh
 borhood some days, furnished them free pass
 es. These men got an intimation of the dis
 covery of the plot, and made their escape.—
 Lexington Atlas.
 a --.—l ren-
 British Anti-State Church Associa
 tion.—Resolutionn adopted That this meet
 ing, having a profound conviction of the evils
 resulting from legislation by civil governments
 in matters of religion, rejoice in the evident
 tendency of public events, both in this count
 ry, and on the Continent, to hasten the down
 fall of State ecclesiastical establishments.—
 Nonconfomist.
 Travel in Western New York.—The
 amount of travel in Western New York is al
 most incredible. The Mirror’ says
 At Syracuse one thousand persons night
 ly arrive, remain to breakfast, and are off by
 half past six. In one hour after another
 breakfast is prepared at these hotels for ano
 ther thousand, and yet a third thousand take
 a later breakfast. At the Syracuse Hotel
 over six hundred persons took breakfast one
 morning last week, and probably as many at
 the Empire House, to say nothing of four or
 five other hotels, all of which seem to be
 doing a good business.”
 A New York paper states that there
 are at present two hundred am] fifty-nine
 prisoners confined in the Tombs. Of these
 two hundred are whites aud sixteen‘blacks.
 There is just double the number of men that
 there is women.
 ITP An exchange declares solemnly, and
 threatens to repeat it, a thousand times,- that
 one pound of lean, tender, juicy mutton
 can be produced for half the coat of the samr
 quantity of fat pork; and that it ia infinitely
 healthier fired.” Sooie troth in it.
 Love and Marriage. Never marry but
 for love, says William Penn in his Reflection!
 and but see that thou lovest what
 is lovely/*
 There in a pear tree in Illinois, 40 yean
 old* which measures about the trunk ten feet
 In 1834 it bore 183 bushels of fruit, sod 1841
 it bore 140 bushels.
 The New York Evening Post ssys the coal
 of cigars, smoked ia that city every day n
 $lO,OOO.
 Sasbath Observance. —The proprietors o
 many of the German newspapers have deter
 mined not to publish their Journals
 dsv in order to allow their workman faff 1*
 ar^totoeiHheSahath-
 Innocsnce. —A Dutchman in Albany, aon
 time back, went out to hi* milkman in the
 treat with a «reh fared,. reared^
 nrilk asked if ha wished him to fill boll
 vemels The Dutchman replied suitiog the
 to the word, Dis is for do mUbsk sm
 die for da warier an* I tafll mix’s* so re u
 share myself.
 IWmch Faces.—Ws do not govern them hj
 oJuSk davaa, bat by their own whm
 -Uv«We know what we sre doing Wi
 hßTeeoMoeredyoo ones, aad we esaagain—
 —j lZi Net by mesas of ore extra Re
 Drsomretivos oo aewret of our slaves, bat In
 %£Sofwhhc stone,

Commercial.
kcittm. iw». at, imsl
 The Garal is id w pntmo* deahi
 W an appnvmaity «Tojppiaf thrir rappUm i
 **7"*- i
 I tt*L The Fkw Mark* ban ham naady, hat m
 ictiff nkchtlm; GnMRFhvIMMUMfI
 J crap*. flfltl OM
 *4
 8J» «*fainm«* ft Ml MBbhL
 FLOUR aid MEAL—Dm? e *Jnl
 FW.Pbbl 7 5000 »M
 Cora bml. a farali ID
 PK&gt;VI«ION»-D^ Bra*,
 Boner oral Lard v 2O p C Chara 30 Ve ad ral
 Pbrk, (nera) IS 80 014 M
 Do .in bog 4 M 4 M
 Beef, ewt. |M 4'«o
 Do. bbl. (am) 7 M 8 M
 Lard (tried) p B 0-7
 Ik&gt;. (Inf.) 0.. 6
 Hum, (cranked) 70.. 8
 Shoulders, do 4 0 5
 Turkeys ft 0
 Chickens 0
 Pomnes, bush St
 GRAIN—Doty; 10 read ral
 Wheat, bash 106
 Cora 45 0 50
 Rye 80
 Oats m M
 Barley ..80
 HIDES- —Duty; t p e ad ral
 Catf 10
 Sheep Pelts 12k 0 25
 SEEDS—Doty; Linseed 10 f c; Mustard SO P
 e ad ral
 Closer
 Timothy 125 0
 Flax 1 00
 FI^H— D«ty cm foreign caught; 20 f c *il sal
 Whitehall bbl 700
 Codfish cwt go
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p bbl 1 25
 Apples, p bush .00
 Do. dried 0 75
 Eggs, p doi jo
 Beans, p bush 75 0 1 00
 Hay, p ton 10 00
 Hardwood
 Seft Wood
3Ui de x 1 10 emett l b
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, U furnish*
 with new Job Type, for the execution of ever
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch
 at the lowest prices lor cash, Yiz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, BiU-heads,
 r rogrammes, Circulars, Bills of Lading.
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, Ac.
 "M’ARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER-
 Pi written by him*!?, to be
 had at this office, price 80 cents.
 Open to the Public, from 9, A.M. to 8 P.M.
 T 1 ANTLSLAYERIT OFFICE aud READ
 ING ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 some of the best Anti-Slavery, Temperance, Reli
 gious, Political and Literary Papers.
 Cash Grocery aid Provision Stare.
 No. 133, Main street, comer of North street.
 JUST reeeived a full assortment of new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hhds. sugar of various qualities
 16 bbls Stoar’ts crashed and coffee sugar
 8 hhds Molasses
 Stuart's syrup, a beautiful article for table use
 16 chests imperial Old Hyson and Young Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 I have as choice a lot of Teas as can be found in
 the city; pure fragrant Old Hyson, superior fresh
 selected Young Hyson, and extra black. Every
 pound told will be warranted.
 Rice, Raisins, Fruit, Spices, and a variety of
 miscellaneous articles, too numerous to mention.
 Pork, Lard, and Hants,
 Codfish, Mackerel, &amp;c. Jtc.
 My prices shall be as low-as at any establishment
 in the city, as I purchase at the lowest rates in the
 Eastern market, and sell for cook. Farmers, city
 families, and dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if they can make their purchase* mu
 tually advantageous, as I trust they can.
 G. B. BTEBBINS.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848. 3m49
 Free Labor Groceries.
 IHAVE just received, and shall keep constantly
 on hand, a good assortment of
 Brown and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coffee,
 All the products of Free Labor. Those in want of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can be as
 sured of the genuineness of the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 133, Main, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1,1848. 3m49
 fIHARLES JONF.S, North Star House, No. 26,
 v North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Phifedelphia, Dec. 1,1848. Sm 49
 New Watch an 4 Jewelry Stare.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stqpk of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horiiontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals aad Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles aad Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, aad Fiager-Rings—a
 good assortmeut, cheap; a variety of Ladies' aad
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double aad
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Peas,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs aad Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, Jur. hue.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We smnsfoctare aad keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pare as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Aeeerdeoos nod
 other Mnsirsl Instruments, which wit be sold vary
 low.
 We intend to keep a good smnrtment of dm best
 Brass Eight-day, W hoar;and alwwm Clocks, as can
 be fonad in this city. Gal and one them
 WATCH REPAIRING, fodMeUydoeeand war
 ranted by an experienced work mop
 Farther uertindars at Ne. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE k Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in particular we wonhi
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometer.
 which will give that kanwfedge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to he afais to adapt his hnmnesn to its
 variations. Pteape end and examine them, as every
 maa ought to ha*e one.
 Sep- 15.1848. 6m.
 AUBURN aid ROCHESTER
 RAIL.ROAD
 QN and after October the three Paes-
 CitTWißD.—Ta Isave’lScheater at 4 a.u., 11
 a.n., aad v.n.
 WurwiiD. To leave Admen at 21 a.u., A
 A.*., aad 41 r.n.»
 No Train leaves tnrhrnm Eastward on flnedey
 at 11 a. ■.arm 7| r.u.
 No Tiain leaves A ohm a Wemward ea Bandsy.m
 4J a.u., nor on Mandat at 2d s.n.
 Cfc and tier dm Ist Nemndim, the fore between
 Rochester and Adhere wil he f 2» in font daaa
 cars. Tickets wdlaJao he said onthfom the hddar
 is e asm m the Fwignmt ears havingJUchseeer st
 74 p. at mdrill prime, te he pddmhed hereof
 sSr
 The other ton amir am timed te ran foeaa in 14
 WM. WILET, •eparw 1
 Beeheemr, Oct, 28, MR -^hs.
 r
 gAJLTB FBANCM'e Safosn,jedev dm Eagle
POORS, Ar., Fsr Sals at the A»r»-Si.a*«*?
 DOrnciAEuMH N*-
 W«utariC*Jl^fre^
 Portrait
 ariA turim* uf Pasty ami astfisl an* fa*
 the Ladies' Ami-Slavery 9*ri*«y.
DM. A. CLAM,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I the ckiamm
 sAer fas l g|(SlS?i Arcade in my davflm
 bsmse No. 93 Hoarse Stmt.
 P“* the Am of my pro**-
 ieiteriag myself that I can give perfect
 satisAciwa in al who may Aver am with their pa
 treaaft. I would invite ai those who are de
 ws us oflmvtag epemieas istfamil ea the melh or
 ufhaviag teeth iaserted lo caßea amaad satisfy
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. AH opermtious perfarsaed by aw ea the
 teeth aad PAmWerit wJumd.
 BochesSer, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
NEW pump FACTORY.
 THE subscriber takes this method to inform the
 X citiseus of RochesOer ami vicinity, that he has
 hmt established a Pump Factory, at number 134,
 Mam street, where he will be happy to wait «pou all
 who may Avar him with their patrauge.
 Hating had rtmeiderehit experience ia his line of
 business, he pledges himself to furnish as good an
 *rtkie, «ad of as good material, as can be procured
 at any other simihr establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with either wood or lead pipe,
 ao may suit customers. He also supplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customer* as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to ail calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All binds uf Pinups repaired to
 order.
 The above work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before pnrchasi— elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
New aid Bec#id-Haad Clethiag,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 his friends and the Public generally, that he has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vests, Ac., with which he will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to inform the Public, that be
 attends to repairing and renovating, which he war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and in the
 best and neatest possible manner. His long experi
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronise him, that his work shall be apoe
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14,1848.
TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to be had at LAING
 J. A BON NELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, Ac., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his ok) stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. having had extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 3m
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Cliemicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German Chemicals, Artists’
 Colors, Bruslies and Canvass, Etherial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, Ac. Ac.
 Being As rents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from the Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on the most favorable terms.
 Homoeopathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Caaes, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood's Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial Oil and Lamps, for
 burning the same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine these
 Lamp*. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, whining goods in tne
 above line, is requested. at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
FUR AND SILK HATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Ladies' Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Robes
 ana an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, Ac.,
 Ac. Ac., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 90“ A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take piea-
 X sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfoctory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jjlO SAGE A PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pore spring water, very white and smooth. A sim
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 saJe by ns, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any sice and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.[6 Exchange st.
 FISHER k Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishes*.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW BOOKS.
 ITOR BALE at the Aiui-Slavery Depository, 21,
 a Conduit—namely,
 The Liberty Bell for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Pries, bouad,
 374 cu; ia paper covers, 25 ets.
 Mr. Hhnrhford's Appeal ia regard to the War with
 Mexico, 124 ets.
 Position and Dmies of the North, with ragan! to
 SAvery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 6 ets.
 Six Months at Graefeaberg. By He—y C. Wright.
 -Dick CrowaingshieU, the innssin, and Zachary
 Taylor, the Botdfee; the Difference between
 .them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 ets. single; 26
 ctf. per doftta.
 CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON'S HIXTORV
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE BLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the sabseqamt
 afaoktiao of Bfevery; a beemifoi London edition,
 with a Aw Portrait of the Author, dsao on steel,—*
 book which canid oot ho imported for fees than Owes
 *Mms, can be had at 21, Condull, if applied far
 wmetfimefy, at the very bw price sf One Dollar,
 oash. Also, ELLOGIUM ON CLARJtBON, by
 A mfotad price ot
 twelve and a hmf cans.
 u| l, Coa*seffer
 BOYB* CLOTHING.
 OARIEL WILSON, Iff, Brattle Btmot, haring
 tolas stock, is prepared to
 MOTS’ CLOTHING, of as fook amamml
 aad fit, aad at chsnp prions. two Ea ohtoiaed m
 «he esty.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 fawsaagAßt
 dnAaag.’ advanced \m affhjadTaf gsesfe.
 ISAAC H. SNOWMEN, Seek, NeOTVW*’*"*
 tmm Jdk FWtor, IL Wetm Wmm-
 promptly mended to.
DOME roR ME FORME ft*.
 'J’HIt ires.course-
 Ccmrt, where bo wM bo moss Imppy to welcome some
 of the Friends of Reform, at niMmUs dmies.—
 He wisbei bis bat to to Ao central nAe* m Bos
 ton, where the friowdo of Tsmpsrerei, Poore, Parky,
 Freedom, the Prise urn. Ar., may meet together, and
 JOHN M. SPEAR-
 Booson, Aug. SI, 184 ff.
 rIOMAS P. SMITH, No. ML Brattle »sreos,
 sire of the Golds* .Bat. New and Sreead
 bond Clothing Store.
The NinadnNti furterljlf Ttev,
 COMMENCED a* the fret of December. 1*47,
 '-'.to b* conn—»d ok the let ef March. ia**»
 September. It wiU he devoted to the iuserest
 ef party or cine*, bat its condartore will enden
 ere to pre»—i Qj—mul Aw field Ar thf muem
 ■■■Sr-' F J
 jr'B be marfacted bv R. W. Emer
 son, Tbeodose Parker, and J. Elliot Cabot. assist'd
 by several other gentleamn.
 End. number w,B contain about 136 puge*. at the
 price of ff 3 a year, m advance.
 Cnmmaniretiore. mdwcriptmre, Ac. shonU bn
 •Aheosed to the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE A WILEY,
 It, Water Street, Bouton
TJOBERT MORRIS. J*., Attorney and Cono
 xb sellor at Law, Btaser’s Building, State Street,
 Boston.
JOHN D. REVALEON. Hair CM— Salooa.
 and Per Amery Emporium, 114, BAdutoar-et.
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, and for sale at the ofoce of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty, and Forte of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 330 page* of close
 reading; 300 eminent authoritieo, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 371 rts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a manlier of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, ami Appeal of
 Women, from various authors, 124 cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Femald A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by lI.|M.
 Park hurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cent*.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor*. Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 JJR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad*
TJINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 186, North
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
PHILIP a. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 form bis friends and the public, tint he continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 bis "home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WIU. BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Wai.ker’s Appeal, with a brief sketchof
 his life by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, Garnet's Address to tks Slaves of the Uni
 ted States. This address was rejeoled by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1848. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Thi
 Past asdPrisirt Condition or the Color
 ed Race, by He iky Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bta.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish
 ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honeet and faithful domestics for thorn
 who may require them, sod obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names
 REFERENCES:
 Andrew M'Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gasette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1,1848. ly—36.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 kdeiphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just retired. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, urns! width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chints Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloth*.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton (tunnel*,
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Chech. Cotton Handkerchief..
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling, Ac.
 Long and half Hose, fine aad heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., blenched, brown, awl
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton Lap*. Also,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, and Pulverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invito the attention
 of cuamry merchants, well his frtends aad tho
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Ms—gers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest comer Fifth and Chovry-st*.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf 7
Free Laker deeds*
 MANUFACTURED by the A~r«*. Free Fro
 fcr"kttNo
 XaMhM Check*, Apr&lt;*, eed Fur
 mt-re; CeatrH, wHmX*, Mu.i.n.
 blMched end eabfaodMd, U rwiom amid** oml
 BjH Eee Towel.; bfcdtied white Weddief.
 C T m Vl»: Wick; Bed
 Mtaemde; Cebeo, Stock!*.. Citue,
 ®C» Jk.
 o»de»* far Geode, w hom denriec Umhim.,
 eddeeeeed to J. Milfar Ntiuo, SI, North
 Duel L. Miller. TeotlMlmt; or le
 Mott, No. Choeeh Alley.
 A lane lid headrace uurtwel ot Prtau eow
 &lt;*kMuT jel-tf
Afttl-SUvery Office,
 No. 3! North Fifth Street, PheJeeUphst,.
 in
 and Fa—y Stationary.
 Al latter* rsAtiw to tho bases*** of A* o—o*
 MeKJm* Nonk
THE DELAWARE ABOLITION IBT
 dsremd to 1 unripoiins A Dtbot.md mil ad
 rmeee m J by ißlimAi moo-. It
 di b* poblisbsd sosas-—sotMy, tf ggn M gf.
 eggr
"
