"I -A, ntl.
THE SABBATH.
 rt Mkttiiß sLLior.
 .HahhcaUi bob'
 To the lowly
 Still art i boa a wefemM day,
 When dm curaest. earth ••d
 Bfaade and brightness, rest mad motion.
 Help thr poor men’* heart to pray.
 &gt;tlhi*Swiiwi lOrcw•
 Bird, that aoamit
 Oicr the tmrte empurpled moor.
 Throstle’s aoof, dot stream-like flow*at,
 WiaJ, jk«t over dew-drop geest,
 elcosoe now the woe-worn poor.
 Little rim,
 Young lor evar!
 Clond, fold-bright wk i th-inkfel g lee,
 Happy woodbine, gladly weeping,
 Gnat, within the wild-roar keeping.
 Oh. dpt they were bieaaed as ve!
 Kahiatk holy'
 For the lowly
 Paint with flower* thy glittering aod;
 For affliction’ll non* and daughter*,
 Bid thy mountains, woods, and water*,
 Pray to God, the poor naa'i God*
 From the lever,
 (Idle never
 Where on Hope, Want ban the door,)
 From the gloom of airlem alleys,
 Lead dm to green hills and valley*
 Weary landlord’s trampled poor.
 Pale young mother,
 Gasping brother,
 Sister toiling io despair,
 Grief-boned sire, that life-long dieat.
 White-lipped child, that sleeping sigbest,
 Come and drink tl e light and air.
 Tyrants curse ye,
 While they nurse ye.
 Life tor deadliest wrongs to pay;
 Yet, O Sabbath! Ininging gladness
 Unto hearts of weary sadness.
 Still art thou “The Poor Man’* Day.”
 rrom the N. Y. Globe.
 THERE’S NO SUCH WORD AS FAIL.
 RY GEORGE W. EVER AM.
 Ridden by the slave-power.
 Crushed beneath the chain,
 Now is come the rising hour,
 Lo! we’re ap again!
 An I voices from the moui Miii-top,
 Voices from the vale,
 Say lor freedom's fearless boat,
 Tiiere’s no auch word as tail!”
 Aye, we’re up, to burl the fiend
 From off the tyiant-throne;
 To strike for man a mightier blow
 Than h.arth hath ever known!
 To drag your code of whips and gyve*
 Up to tiie light of day,
 A id wipe from our escutcheon’s front
 The bloody stain away.
 Far this the songs of Liberty
 Are ringing to the sky;
 For til's, upon a thousand hills,
 Our lianner wave h high!
 And rallying ’neath its folds, we call
 From mountain, glade and glen,
 All slei u and fearless spirits forth,
 That bear the form of men.
 See! flitting o’er old battle-fields,
 By records sere aud brow n,
 Forms from out Uie spirit-land
 Are eager bending down
 They whisper in their thrilling words—
 Those shadowy forms and pale—
 Son*! remember by-gone days—
 There’s no such word as fail!”
 Ye wlio’ve longed to see the day
 When Truth sliall take the field—
 Who’vc stood bv her in darkest hours,
 And scorned the thought to yield,
 Whose anus liave stemmed the tyrant wave,
 Wlien shone no gleam of morn—
 Who’vc borue the proud ami glorious name
 Of freedom’s hope forlorn!—
 Watch now! At the even-tide.
 Lift your weary eye;
 See those mystic lights which flash
 Across the Northern sky!
 Angel liunds are writing there,
 With light of piercing ray.
 Words whose meaning promise man
 A brig liter better day.
 Look again! a glorious star,
 In matchless beauty bright.
 Keeping its watch at Heaven’s gate,
 Floods the wide earth with light!
 That star is ours; it never sets;
 It never groweth pale;
 For it—lor us—God keeping both—
 Tiiere’s no such word a* fail!”
 Free to speak the burning truth;
 All fetterless the hand—
 Never shall tiie Yankee’s brow
 Bear tin* cursed brand.
 Send Uie gathering freetnc n’a shout
 Booming on the gale!
 Omnipotence is for us—
 There’* no such wotd as fail!”
 They are gathering on the mountain;
 They are gathering on the plain;
 And ’nralli Uie tramp of freeioai’* host.
 Tiie broad earth shakes again!
 And this their glorious tallying cry,
 Whose firm hearts never quail:
 God and the People! Ou fer Right!
 ‘Tiiere’s no such word as Fail””
 Brooklyn, Oct 1848.

 From th* Cleveland (O.) True Democrat.
 THE BONDMAN’S CRY.
 Aik— Come, cornu away.”
 Oh! come Liberty, and break tbe bondman's fetters
 Oh, speed the time,
 When S la very’s crime
 Shall be wiped awa\:
 When bondmen's sighs no more shall rise,
 When Freedom’s light shall greet our rye*—
 ’I is, ’tis a boudman cries,
 Oh r come, Liberty!
 Ob, come, Liberty, and with thy Urnrn. of gkr Vf
 Whose dieerful light
 Illumes the night
 Of sad tyranny
 Dupel the lowering clotsds of gloom,
 In Freedom’s phalanx give us room,
 Or is the silent tomb.
 Oh, Come Lilirrty!
 Oh, come Liberty, Use bondman bean is breaking
 Ob, Xe-tug relief
 To heart* of grief
 Ob, come Liberty!
 Conte, coutc and break the bondman's chains.
 Come where a cruel tymat reigas,
 Here ua Columbia’s plains.
 Oh, come Liberty!
 Oh. onuc laberty, a hoodmaa hone is toiling,
 Where the sua doth beat,
 With its semrbitig heat,
 Oa Carohaa’s saa Is.
 Come, flora* aad sot the boednaa free.
 Who eow doth raise hie cry fer thee.
 Oh, cease sweet Liberty!
 Oh, come Liberty'
 Ptafleld, July, 1148 I H. D.
0 ejections.
Alt AFRICA* KING.
 Within these rampart*, on a wooden
 bench, from which the Sound, spotted
 with the white Mill of many ships,—
 am), faintly, the distant mountains ol
 Sweden, might be seen, two black men
 •at. Removed at a distance of twenty
 yards from them, four sentinels stood,
 resting carelessly with folded arms, on
 the muzzles of their fire-locks, hut,
 even in this negligence, paying much
 attention the movements of these black
 men. We stopped and observed the
 strange group and our sympathy was
 moved by the dress and demeanor of
 of the two incn. The one nearest to
 us, who appeared the eldest, rested his
 cb.in on the back of his hands, which
 were clasped round the top of a large
 walking-stick and in that attitnde kepi
 his eyes fixed on the blue waters of the
 Sound his thoughts, no doubt, wan
 dering to his home, some pleasant spot,
 far away. His hat was brown by long
 use, and rent at the rims, beneath whict
 his white h&amp;ir, here and there, strag
 gled forth. His coat, once black wai
 now threadbare and worn at the
 elbows and his shoes, almost with
 out soles, kept sad unison with the
 i other parts of bis dress.
 The other old roan, whose clothei
 were equally squalid, sat more upright
 and seemed livelier, and of a lightei
 heart, misfortune not having ye
 touched so blightingly the natural vol
 atility of his disposition for, now ant
 then, he spoke in low tones to his com
 panion, who sometimes smiled, bu
 rare! i made auswer.
 j 4 You are observing those blacl
 men said the Spanish Minister. Thej
 are the most interesting objects in Co
 penhagen.’
 4 Who are they r* we asked.
 ‘Those two men,’ continued thi
 j Spaniard.’ were once men of note ii
 j their own country; and their misfortun&lt;
 resolve* itself into this simple tale
 The men with grey hair, nearest to us
 l seemingly bent with excess of sorrow
 was the king of some Danish colony ii
 j the East Indies and the other, hi
 favorite minister. After having reignei
 for many years with equity and wisdom
 and having seen his little island, era
 died in the lap of peace, put forth tb
 strength of prosperity, the old mon
 arch’s bright day of happiness am
 glory was suddenly overshadowed by i
 cloud, which, though by its insignifi
 cance, at first unobserved, gradual!;
 gained bulk and darkness, and replete
 at last, with all the elements of storr
 and destruction, burst übon his head
 A man murdered a woman, his wife
 and according to the criminal code c
 his country, was arrested, tried, an&lt;
 convicted and this king, by the advio
 of his minister, ordered the assassin t&lt;
 be executed. The intelligence reachei
 the ears of the Court of Denmark, am
 by command of Christian, the blacl
 monarch and his adviser were arrested
 on the plea, that, the one being, thougl
 a monarch, a subject of Denmark, ha
 ino power to carry the statutes of hi
 own realm summarily into effect, with
 out the previous assent of the Danis
 Government and that the other, beln
 the principal minister, was as culpabl
 as his master in permitting such an in
 fringement of the Jaw. They wer
 both subsequently tried for the offeucc
 and being found guilty, were placed o
 board a Danish ship of war, and brougl;
 to Copenhagen, where, within thi
 fortress, they are doomed to pass, i
 solitary confinement, the small portio
 of life which may yet remain to them
 They are allowed, as you see occasion
 ally to leave their prisons, and wal
 here for exercise but even that indul
 gence must enhance the misery of tbei
 condition'; for who could feci the de
 lightful warmth of to-day, breath
 its mild, soft air, and look on such
 landscape as this, and not sigh to re
 visit a dungeon V
 t 4 Sic transit gloria mumii.’
EXEMPLIFICATION OF INSTINCT
 The similarity between the simpli
 instinctive actions of animals and thei
 ordinary organic functions, is so grea
 as to lead us to suppose that both set
 of operations are arranged upon simi
 lar plans, though these may not b&lt;
 identical, and that both are carried 01
 without the forethought or the con
 sciousness of the animal. Thus tin
 young bee, on the day when it firs
 leaves the cell, without teaching am
 without experience, begins to collec
 honey and form wax, and build an its
 hexagonal cell, according to the lorn
 which its progenitors have used fron
 the earliest generations. Birds built
 nests of a certain structure after thei
 kinds, and many species, at certaii
 seasons, excited by some internal im
 pulse, take their migratory flight t&lt;
 other countries. The insect whicl
 never experienced a parent’s care or i
 mother’s exantole, labors assiduously
 I and effectively for the future develop
 1 ment and sustenance of an oflfsprin{
 which it, iu its turn, is doomed oevei
 to behold. Others toil all summer ant
 lay up stores for winter, without evei
 having experienced the severity of sue!
 a season, or being in any sensible way
 aware of its approach.
 We know that such actions are th&lt;
 result of involuntary and unreflecting
 impulses, because we often find then
 performed in vain. Sir Joseph Bauki
 had a tame beaver, which was allowet
 to range at liberty in a ditch about hit
 grounds, and which was at all seasom
 liberally supplied with food. Ons day
 about the end of autumn, it was discov&lt;
 ered in a ditch, very busily engaged ic
 attempting to construct a dam, aftei
 the manner of its companions in a state
 of nature. This was evidently the
 blind impulse of its instinctive feelings,
 for a moment's exercise of tbe lowest
 degree of reason must have shown it
 •hat such labor, under tbe circum
 stances in which it was placed, was al
 together superfluous. A common quail
 was kept in a cage, and became quite
 tamed and reconciled to as food. Al
 the period of its natural migration, it
 became exceedingly restless and sleep
 teea; it beat iu head against the cage
 in many vain efforts to escape, and on
 examination its skin was found several
 degrees above its usual temperature.—
 A bee, which can Ayr homeward one or
 two mile* in a straight lioa to Us hive,
 with extreme accuracy, if it happens to
enter u open wiadew m a room, will
 ealmnat ell its efforts in attempting to
 get out at tbe opposite window, which is
 closed down, but octet pauses to think
 of retracing its flight a little way back
 ward, so as to fly out at the opening at
 which it bad entered.
 We often observe a dog, when going
 to sleep on the floor, tarn himself sev
 eral times round before be lies down,
 and this is just one of tbe lingering in
 stincts which be has retained; while in
 bis wild state he is accustomed thus to
 prepare his bed amid the ull grass or
 rushes. An scute observer of animal
 habits, has remarked that a jackdaw,
 which, for want of ita usual place of
 abode, had for its nest made choice of
 a rabbit hole,was often iorely perplexed
 in what way to get the long sticks, of
 which its nest was to be formed, drawn
 within the narrow entrance. Again and
 again did it attempt to pull in the piece
 of stick, while it held it by the middle
 in Us bill, end it was only after a series
 of vain efforts that, by mere chance, it
 at last accomplished its object, by hap*
 pening to seize it near one end instead
 of the centre. In this case it appeared
 to the observer that the building in
 stincts of this bird were complete and
 perfect within a certain range, but with
 out the limit of this circle it had no de
 liberative foresight to guide its actions.
 —British Quarterly.
 REMARKABLE ANTIQUITIES Of
 NEW MEXICO.
 Among the valuable publications o
 the U. S. Senate at the last session, ii
 Lieut. Abort’s Report of his topograph
 ical examination of New Mexico. Lt
 A. explored the country in the yean
 1816 and ’47, with a detachment of the
 Topographical Corps, by order of th«
 Government, and his report reveals the
 existence of the remains of a similai
 civilized race that has disappeared. It
 the language of a distinguished anti
 quary, it enables us fully to identify
 the “Kingdom of Cibola,” visited bj
 Castenada, the chronicler of Corona
 do’s expedition sent northward by Vice
 roy Mendoza, in 1540—’42.
 Some of the towns visited by Lieut
 Abert still bear the names by which
 they were known in the sixteenth cen
 tury, and the inhabitants, in manners,
 mode of building, &amp;c., have undergone
 a scarcely perceptible change from that
 period. The town of Acoma, visitec
 by Lieut. Abert, probably dates back
 beyond the conquest, and was one ol
 the “seven cities” of Castenada. It ii
 situated upon a rock, inaccessible ex
 cept by a narrow, and, in part, artificia
 passage. The buildings are three anc
 four stories high, with no entrances
 from the ground. The stairs recede at
 as to leave terraces in front, which are
 reached by moveable ladders. The
 openings into the interior are through
 the roof. In case of attdek the ladder!
 are withdrawn, and buildings, fifty oi
 sixty of which compose a block oi
 square, are immediately converted into
 an almost impregnable fortress. On&lt;
 of the edifices, the Peublo de Tacs,’
 has successfully resisted all the attack!
 of the wild Indians and the Spaniards
 It is seven stories high. It was re
 duced by the American forces, Janua
 ry, 1847, by a long aod bloody siege.
 Tbe ruins ol ancient buildings, anc
 the traces of a remote population, an
 numerous upon the river Gila. Thej
 differ in many respects from those o
 New Mexico. Their existence hai
 1 long been known, and has been sup
 posed to lend a sanction to the tradi
 tionary migrations of the Aztecs, b)
 1 whom it is conjectured they were built.
 Those which are standing are com
 posed of clans, and are several stories
 in height.
 Upon the Gila, Lieut. Emory founc
 two singular semi-civilized aboriginal
 tribes. They'are the Pimos and Cucc
 Maricopas. They cultivate the soil,
 irrigating it by numerous canals, and
 live upon the most friendly teims with
 each other. They are honest, indus
 trious, brave, but peaceable, aud in all
 respect afford a striking contrast to the
 roving Apaches, who occupy the coun
 try to the Northwestward. Lieutenant
 Emory heard of similar tribes in the
 territory above the Gila, between the
 Pimos and the Navajes, which are
 probably the same with the Moqu cl
 Humboldt. One of these, the Soonies,
 are represented to be further advanced
 in civilization than the Pimos. It is
 also said that they reside in caverns cut
 in the rocks—suggesting at once the
 seven caves’* from which the Aztecs
 claimed that their ancestors migrated.
 Although the remains found on the
 Gila possessed few features in common
 with the structures erected by the Mex
 icans, and are certainly not beyond the
 capabilities of the present or ancient
 Indians of New Mexico, they still attest
 the former existence here of a popula
 tion differing from the Pimos at least in
 the construction of their edifices, and
 which may have migrated Southward or
 disappeared under the attacks of hos
 tile neighbors. They certainly tend to
 confirm the Aztec tradition, and invest
 their unknown nations to the northward
 with«ne* interest. A knowledge of the
 true character of these nations is a
 great desideratum.
 LIFE IN THE CITT.
 A few days ago an old man died who
 had been a daily walker in these streets
 for many years. His face was familiar
 in Wall street, and if any one would be
 missed from amoug us, his must have
 been. For weeks he had lain at tbe
 point of death, and at length the voice
 came and he obeyed. His physician
 had forbidden the visits of ffientM, and
 none knew bow unwell he was. It was
 toward morning, after a night of calm
 neaa, that his pulse grew suddenly more
 aod more feeble, his face pallid, his eye
 dim and dull, and they knew that he
 was passiog away. There were none
 witk him but a wife, tbe companion of
 two-ecore years, a daughter and the
 nurse. None might say whither bis
 thoughts wandered in that last hour of
 earthly struggle perhaps to scenes
 long nnvisited of vouth’s joys, of boy
 ish affections and pleasures. There
 waa a sound of revelry in the street,
 and the weary watcher looked through
 the dosed blinds, and saw the last car
 riage passing away from a gay scans
 in the house opposite. Little dreamed
 tbs oocupanie of that carnage, that the
 dim light in the window which ebons
 on them, shone also on the paling check
 of mortality. The daughter turned
■gilt to the falhir's aide. Tbt roar of
 carriages. and can. mml fmai, in-
 CTO—I as men evoke to labor. The
 sick fean tamed TOotlemljr. The soands
 of the city nungled harshly hi hie
 dreams. Anon the voices of men under
 the windows, the eriee of hawkers, the
 swift passing ot henry stages, disturbed
 him. end fell unpleasantly on the eon
 of the watchers, who longed only for
 sympathy—a commodity very scarce in
 this great metropolis. And as the
 sounds grew more and more confused
 and load, and the city was foil of busy,
 working, noisy life, in the nidd of its
 thousand tones of labor and pleasure,
 of mirth and grief, the old man's ears
 grew heavy, and he heard them no
 longer. In the country, there would
 have, been silence even in the houses,
 and stillness in all hearts, when an old
 man or child was dying. But all, even
 neighbors, were astonished to bear that
 Mr. was dead, and he-is already
 forgotten by all but his near friends.—
 Jowr. Com.
LAUD MONOPOLY.
 It is a great curse to the Western
 Reserver that thousands upon thousands
 of acres of the best land are held by
 i non-resident nabobs, who got them for
 I almost nothing, and now ask two prices
 for them. These lands have been en
 hanced in a value of contiguous settle
 ments and improvements, as roads,
 meeting-houses, school-houses, and
 j good neighborhoods, at the same time
 j they have stood directly in the way o.
 improvement. It is safe to say, that all
 other impediments met with in the set
 tlement of this country have not equalled
 that of lands belonging to non-residents.
 Francis Granger is one of these land
 monopolists, and when he was pleading
 the cause of the South here the other
 day, we could not help but think that
 he and his family had injured this com
 munity more than all the generations
 of Grangers to come after them could
 repair, if they should be useful work
 ing men, which is not likely. Francis
 Granger is an aristocrat—a landed ar
 istocrat, and he has been made so by
 land monopoly. But for this be would
 been a working man, and useful accord
 ing to his gifts—that is to say, moder
 ately so. Other aristocrats have been
 made in the same way, and thousands
 more will be made, unless a speedy
 stop is put to this monopoly of God’s
 free earth.
 Had the principle of Land Limitation
 been made effective at the time of the
 adoption of the Federal Constitution,
 who does not see that it would have re
 sulted in unmistakable blessings to our
 country? Those purse-proud, useless
 aristocrats, who have subsisted and do
 now subsist upon the toil and enterprise
 of free laborers, would themselves have
 been useful working neighbors of soci
 ety. The thousands of acres of wild
 erness, of which our own county fur
 nishes an example, would have been
 converted into pleasant homes for free
 men. Yea, the cause of a free, and
 pure, and high-reaching Democracy
 would have been greatiy benefited
 thereby.
 Who doubts the propriety—nay, tht
 necessity of Land Limitation? If any
 then they are those who hope to builc
 up fortunes by speculating in soil whicl:
 is only known to them by the descrip
 tions in their title-deeds, or those whe
 having eyes see not, and having ability
 forjudging, judge not.
 The question is soon to be agitated
 to an extent little dreamed of by land
 speculators and monopolists, and it will
 result in the triumph of limitation. Oui
 country at large demands this result,
 and the interests of every individual,
 except our landed lords, demand it.—
 We go for it first, last, and forever.—
 Cleveland (O.) Free Dem.
 A Short Sermon. —Perhaps it may
 not be amiss to remember the printer
 in my discourse. He is in a very disa
 greeable situation. He trusts every
 body—he knows not whom; his money
 is scattered everywhere, and he hardly
 knows where to look for it. His paper,
 his ink, his type, his journeymen’s la
 bor, his living, etc., must be punctual
 ly paid for. You Mr. and Mr.
 and a hundred others I could
 name, have taken his paper, and you
 and your children, and your neighbors
 have been amused and informed, and I
 hope improved by it; if you miss one
 paper, you would think very hard of the
 printer; you would rather go without
 your best meal than to be deprived of
 your newspaper. Have you ever com
 plied with the terms of your subscrip
 tion? Have you taken as much pains
 to furnish the printer with his money as
 he has to furnish you with his paper?—
 Have you paid him for his type, his
 press, his band work, his head work?
 If you have not, go and pay him off.—
 Oo*, jr.
 Emigrants. Nearly 17,000 Emi
 grants from foreign countries arrived at
 the port of New York during the month
 of August last, apportioned nationally
 as follows: From Germany, 5,480; Ire
 land, 6,661; England, 2.685; Scotland,
 457; Wales, 196; France, 154; Spain,
 20; Switzerland, 352; Holland, 19;
 Norway, 553; West Indies, 119; all
 othere, 116: total, 16,825. The Ger
 mans' Swiss aod Norwegians generally
 bring enough money with them to buy
 a comfortable farm, and accordingly
 they leave the city at oqce on their ar
 rival to seek it. The English, Irish
 aod Scotch, on the contrary, stay here,
 aod are fleeced and shaved in a thou
 sand ways. The emigrant who has lit
 'd® mooe y in his possession, should nev
 er stop in the city, but should push ftp-
 waw 1Q to the interior immediately. To
 rtay here, is ruia in nine cases out of
 ten. The yearly increase in emigra
 tion from January, 1644 to August,
 1448, is 80,069. J 8
 How to Live Lose.—A venerable
 minister, who bad preached some 67
 years in the same place, being asked
 *”f w **the secret of loog life, replied,
 live temperate, work hard
 “d keep cheerful. Another person,
 who lived to the great age of 109 years,
 reply to the inquiry, How.be
 ll*? “S’" "I kM,
 wnd and oblgmg; have never quarrelled
 have and
 Bae*«x&gt;R.-_A drifts* without shirt
 jtattooe, aad addicted to dickies and
 falaa cellars
 wwssMau,
2Utorrtisniuntf.
hfittoil la Tumtn.
 nn p«™. ww»i rMun» ™j arw u™™
 X PW- TV Farming Pdbfe y. l l ]TL IT
 that LpOmi him haivhimriHi«*V
 Wtx r £7L7h i
 d mmi, iiy bn MtV derided
 kwMi (he fclkm
 Claim FIC atks.
 This mt certify that we, the flehei rihen» hete
 •era ml and the htenWiml C.'ydrMef,
 he Nath as lot, of Shify. Orleemi' em#
 York, ml him it to he, a* a hha
 chine, ok of the greatest miymiuaeatew H*-
 By it,e hiwrran pat la from Mi
 ■wee of wheat a a tear, with dm mmm amewat of
 team labor; he aw also w« it m machbetter enter.
 By it aim Canada thirties and other naturae weeds
 nay he totalhrextirpate.l. Said machine wee coa
 •tracted that it caa he refdad to go ray depth, by
 ■raas of screws an the mer part of the marhiap,
 aad thas eitVr plow up the gruaad thornaghly, or
 oafy just brush the surtax. Upra dm whole, we
 think it decidedly the best amchiee ever invented for
 pdwiilg the groaad and fiscibtatinf the labor of
 (he Farmer, amt as such we cbeerfelly rmnmeml it
 to oar brother formers.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newmaa, John Stevena,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedlej,
 Gardner Bern James P. Aadersra,
 Shelly, Co., April 23,1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ida's Patent Ctitivators test Fall, ahd found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We eaa with thin rfow
 prepare with two horses, right acres of land per day
 for wheat, aad it' is much better done than by die
 old plow’s and the land pc pared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its carious modes oi
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cuhiratnr is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’.
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invitee
 to rail and examine for themselves.
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 UNDER THF MUSEUM —Iate FISHER MORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marcu
 Morse for seven years, and during that tim.
 procured for him three* Silver Medals, for the bes
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals boun
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Book
 executed at this establishment have given unequalle
 satisfaction, by their ihirability and elegance. Stru
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper usee
 to render them equal to the best in the United State
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums an
 Portfolios, in ail their varieties, manufactured I
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, fcc., may l
 assured of work being done on the most advantaged
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing an
 1 forwarding volumes to tbe above directions, statin
 t price and style, may rely upon their being well boun
 on the most favorabjc terms, also carefully an
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense i
 fitting up tbe establishment, and introducing ini
 Western New York die latest improvements i
 Book Binding.
 I OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLT WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 RE PUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The JYorth Brit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fuie white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-nmiU of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England —Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the “Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The hNorth British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for rarly.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, S 3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood's Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood and the 8 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood k the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will be
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratia.
 EARLY COPIEB.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted b any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and coounanications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street; New York.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY «AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1888 Charter Perpetual
 Capital, 8300,000 —Bcujumio W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Cootbaeaui make iasuranee on lives, grant
 anauitidftand endowments, and accept (fuels from in
 dividualcorporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably In the desire of me par
 ties, and receive deposits of money b trust or an
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and oa the 20th of January
 last, an addition war mad to ail the policies for life,
 remaining b force and issued prior to Jsenary Ist,
 1842, amnnatbf to 10 per cent, oa the sum neared
 in policies’iMiued b 18*7; 7| per earn. on policies
 issued b 1888, and b rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief übjert of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the bene*! of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and k wiM he MS on examination of the j
 table of mas of the life insurance, which will hr
 faruidled by fly subscriber to aft who any feel an
 b dbadhfcet, that by paving a sanft sum to
 the oftee ewvy year (bring Ins life, a person any ee
 mre la hm foasily a very considerable soma* at has
 deoMft-
 Wherever be system of Life Insurance property
 anderalood, it ia extensively adopted, and its gruel
 wtnmpi to aft, but snore espeebly to thane who
 depend on their owe exert isns for tfaempport of their
 fetoUbe, or who any he daemons in encore the pay*
 ■eel sfa sum af money to their Hands, creditors ar j
 children, at their decease, which they might h» oth
 erwise unable to eccoopliah, that the operatic* of the
 systcai needs tag |o he explained to same be seri-
 SieemeidMßibn af bepiddfcu ,w^^ t
 i; 1
 W‘ torr. mows ■Mm.rnjmu
 w sir Alee an saisasivs ansorfem af Onerots,
 Mm ffcw rifibirto #tt JL^
 uZTnL'SXm I
PBOBPEBCTUB OF THE
 laofcu fiiiiifogtcl Jmtml.
 o. imn, iiitoi*
 TT Ilf 1 nerfrct awelwMdwnce, m
 1 nmst idMafilnilw. Yet, wdo ikitm
 Fliywwiiigy and Vital Magnetism «n
 -all dm law. of oar bring,
 isndllhnar sf hanpmrmt, and BuasthaH fre pkikmo
 phv’i mm af Universal Truk.
 PHRENOLOGY
 F-* nmahsr arid contain either the analysis ml
 laeatana of mmm phrenological fimih, illustrated by i
 an Engraving* ar an aitical on their eoadbiaatioii*:;
 aad im the organisation aad character of maw die*
 tiagutshed personage, accompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Lift, The great inetnanrol of talent vir
 tae aad hnppinni, all of arhieh it augments. To its
 pnrservstion aad rmtorstioa,rpecial attention will be
 firea.
 MAGNETISM.
 With prartia! i art run km, interesting frets, aad
 choice truths arhieh it aafrlde, will be preaeated in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy, the influence they ran
 wield, and their preparation for conducting urn insti
 tutions, will form the theme of a series of articles.
 SELF-1 MFROVEMENT.
 Who does not long &lt;earnestly, aad would not strive
 assiduously, to cuhiTate hie' aatarai powers, and
 leader himseh better and more happy! To such,
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invar iabh in advance ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
 seat GRATIS, when desired.
 Toreceive attention, letters aad orders roost be
 POST-PAID, aad directed to
 FOWLER It WELLS.
 .No 131 Nassau St.,.Yew York
 TITIiJIaX B. LOGAN, Dealer in Faabionabb
 V v Boots and Shoes, Purchase Sheet, Ne»
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attentim
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker am
NORTH AIPTONWATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that sine*
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the seientife
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* turn
 recently and indubitably established the fact, tha&lt;
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived b\
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony witl
 natural and physiological law*—to wit, that tin
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a poettn,
 electrical tote, and that the eiectiicai emanation!
 from the cuticuhr surface, indicate health, or th&lt;
 symptoms aad character of disease—tl*re i, son*
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ot
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practici
 of the healing art. will cease their vociferation!
 against the fosiTtvi electrical state of tht
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade thost
 whom they have failed to relieve of Uieir complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Norths Mr
 tor Water Cure. Thus sustained by the ligh
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted hen
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where th&lt;
 wrist, stomach, or longs, are in the electro-ncgntivi
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of watei
 to afford relief: On the other land, when the part*
 of the body alluded to, are in tlie electropositive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to boot
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ praetict
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned ii
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charactei
 j of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Frofessoi
 1 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convinci
 the most incredulous.
 1 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous!'
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practf
 1 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitwk
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure t&lt;
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned wil
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit,and meri
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who raai
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi'
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasautly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Lickiiu
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mile,
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress'
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well rentil
 ated aad conveniently furnished lodging rooms, au&lt;
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, foi
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-curt
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 bUshment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sqoe and romantic There are i
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, t&lt;
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles withou
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successful!]
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 cbitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina]
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 rheum, scrofulous awl erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for j
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves witl
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, U
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are 95 00 U
 98 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra
 A patient who from choice or the character of bis
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay 98 00 per week—on the first and secom
 floors, 98 50 per week. Patients requiring extri
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel
 or pay an extra price.
 D, RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848,
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from tin
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wil
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, u
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in n normal aad healthy coo
 dition of the human system, i« in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained hy the activity of tin
 generating sources within—an excess generally nan*
 ing off in silence from the euticubr sir
 out of 359 experiments amde by Mr.
 England, upon the uncovered shin,” 322 indicate*
 the presence of positive .lectnciu. This surplusagi
 of die fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the wbok
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, it
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College o
 V *«mal session, Nov
 8, 1917, by A.M., M.D., Professor o
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, aad Professor of Physics
 Science in Emory CoUege, Ga., page 29
ATIOL WATER CURE.
 rE Subscriber begs leave U&gt; call t*« attention
 of I r*Ud*, especially those suffering from
 I cbromtc duew, tq hi* hydropathic eetablid«»eai i„
 Atfloli Nam#
 Hi* bouse ww opened far the receptieo of patient*
 bet season, and it b believed offers excellent fccili
 *P a doeopbi* «»d thorough coarse in hydro
 supply of water is abundant, and in
 p««¥l»* b«a pronounced equal to water oa a
 diddled. 1 he location is quite eligible, being bat
 dbtaate iroa the V. it M. railroad. The
 vietsitjf abounds i a a variety of roomy, aad ha*
 ctmnmag froomtk for walk* aad rajnbie*. go that
 with the water, aitsbh rtuuaea. ausauieiir.
 wreotj patieau eaa scarcely fail to obtain the
 I rtadi# far which they labor.
 am *bfa remark. Met.
 lfca. 8., of Warwick, Maas., ageo
 about tnimdive years, was brought to ne hut
 August. Her cans presented the follow inn oheao&gt;
 I—»■ tf placed ia aaerect position, and jcfttaT
 *he forthwith fell backward to the
 f~L If Iwfaw well supported, *e mad. a.
 ewhar foot, when earned forward,
 daapite her eCrlt to the eoatrary, would cross thr
 r Abe had been ia this condition nearly a
 Her treatment rrmpranl the I4tb of tfept.,
 aarf wa. coattaaad to ibefchOct. only, when thr
 •".A* wmwwbJ at tola able to walk half a
 knee her artara to her family, shr
 has coMiaaed her bathe, with earrmnoadiac is*.
 pearmaat to her haafch. Bhe aow attend, to he.
 tnsaasUa dam. nJ o.
 MM WRA IWC IflilQUMt Of A IfltA
 (ai, does the work of her faauly.
 tosth l^Tte’
 AthoJ. tM**"* HQYT.
 W^S'gr&amp;^ggjg.yg.m.
MTEKTT:
 IT* ILLEGAL CAUSE* AMD LEGAL
 CUME.
 it lysaxd** inmttK.
 TV AWmmj Patriot call* h—“ A armmmihln of
 1«S pm-* rmy mmUJi prodE™.”-
 Whether nil the ornkipmuom JjZT Spooner
 •wid lie realised by the full adoption of bw theory,
 mo A. not here *t«p to ewpmrr; but wo heartily com
 nend hi* ottdmvar tn the notice of nil who in*
 trwwpwmt forritiir ('tin ion intrepid mdepemisnt*
 ortf hmJ thought ard entire freedom from the rant
 of met or pet ty. A*a judicial w riter, h» has a depth,
 compass, tar beyond uj one whose product urns
 hntre art our eve m a kmf lime.’*
 Hunt’* Merchant’* Mnenunr rnjre— It ilmmli
 in hold end original thoughts. The ilVfal causes of
 poverty are stated, and a nan her of important propo
 sitions hearing on the subject laid down; and,on (h«
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording na it dotw many valuable hints to the «utea
 man ami political economist.”
 The Bangor Gaactte nay*—“ An able and certain
 hr original work, from the pen of Lvsander Spoooer,
 Esq —anthor of that powerful hook which demon-
 the uneonMitutiotality of Americau Slavery.
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acianen more
 mtardtiac than Spoooer.,’ This new work it dm
 tined to lead to are examination of all former v
 mmn of political mow.” At first bkwh hi* eco
 nomical proposition* strike as as sustainable—wad if
 they are so, hi* work will prevail, and produce an
 important revolution in the present prevailing aye
 Even one *h.xild read it.”
 MARSH, publisher, Boston.
 Part I. Price 2fr Cents.
Han’s tefteuuie txuact
 Is the only remedy that can he relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Irnta
 tiua of the Nerve*, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nervoos Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
 Debility. Deficiency of Nervous and Physical Ener
 gy, end all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 dreadful of all diseases that affect the human no
 Epilepsy, or Faltmg Sitktess.— Hysterica! Fits,
 Convulsions, Spanns, Ac It is weft known, that
 Horn time immeinot ial, Physicians have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all their
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands have suffered through a mis*
 et able existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
 the Altar of buejuty. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy ia say ing
 that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, and all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which is lure ofered.
 If it is deception, let i be exposed tut if it i#
 tree, then in the name of ht-.manity, no longer Ist k
 be said that Epilej *y is incurable.
 Heart's Vegttalle Estrait. —For sixteen yean,
 has been tested by many persons who have suffered
 w ith this dreadful (insane, and in every case where
 it lias had a lair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslnw of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted w ith Fits for mors
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetal le Extract.
 Mrs. J. Biadey, 115 Orrbard street, New York,
 slates i hat she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and has b«en restored to perfect health (alter
 every other means had foiled) by lbs use of tbs
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the best Physician* iu tbs
 State, says that lie has teen much bene fitted by the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 coroes under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills,Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many y**ajrs past be
 has been sorely afflicted with Fils, and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Halt’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 being entiiely fieed from ilmt worst of all diseases.’
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Hemy slieet, New Yoik
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 hi# family, highly lecommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New Yoik, slates that
 Mr. Chau, 11. Boughton, a member of bis family has
 been so severely afflicted w ith Epileptic Fin f or
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 Injsiness. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetal le Ex
 trqpt (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon lestored to
 perfect licalth, and left this city for the State of
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church
 Spotswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that he hopes
 by Divide blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits,— For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of.the tea of
 Wm. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, return* d
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was’ cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.— l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for meiicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England.
 1 consulted die most emint nt physicians there in
 respect to hi* case; Miey examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three mou hs
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that my son case was honeU«
 ami POSITIVELY INCURABLE I iSdfo! C
 left England travelled through Scotland, Gmnany
 and France, and returned home in the month of
 November last, with my son as for from beinc cured
 as when 1 left, 1 saw your advertisement intone of
 die New Yoik papers, and concluded to try Hart’*
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
 wrry I did so, as by the use of Hart’s Vegetable
 hVaTth h** orwl to PERFECT
 H r U- Hi# reason, which was so for gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, widi tbs
 prospect now before him of life, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 yeaia 6
 months of this time has been afflicted with thia
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God ia now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don't believe
 ia. To say I tfhall be ever grateful to you fo one
 dung, and as I here enclose &gt;ou one hundred doUrs
 I have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe yoo; but please accept this amount aa interest
 on the debt ia advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM BECORE
 TESTIMONY f:PON testimony
 Jn reforenee to the almost miraculous sffleaev ot
 this truly wonderful medicine, read the folfoi.w
 •Monroe, of GailforJ, ObkJ
 one of the most eminent physicians in that nfoc*
 Guilfovd, Obfo, August 17 lE
 Brother laborer in the cause of wnumutv—D«*r
 of your invaluable medtrine m rases of Epileps* I
 have prescribed it in four instances in tSSsSaity,
 asd it has been highly successful in *O. Three m
 •tk fnart, have been radically caved.
 The fowtb one rapidly improving, and will, I
 dunk without doubt recover. lam not ia the habit
 of prescribing or recommend in* patent medicines,
 hut when I see an article which promises so much
 for the relief of suffenng humanity, I Cm I my duty
 to recommend it, and i have su besiutiie in
 &gt;htu as soon as the faculty are fedly as—— L.
 with the reel merit of your medicine, they wiU
 close their eyes against prejudice and Ind you
 scribe myself yours, sincerely,
 [Signed) W L: MONfebE, n
 To Dr. H. Hart, New Ysrk. V
 THt TIRE IS .SOT FAR DHT4NT
 v&gt; heti thousands who are sow ‘i mill is i I
 foe bond of dreadfoj disease, Md
 every attack may prove fatal, will
 relief sa l be reared to T?
 eefehrared medicine. mm
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 rK
 Do four parkagMi
 .•&amp;:,ac ms
 THOSAS k MILS, IS*
 £T: a. Ya
 r-i Pud.
 yJ!T* -i wio»,fc
 g p-Jk*. m.lfchk
 Fay A KiSuwnw
 AM A MUXS,I
"
