"Notices
ROCHESTER
 ANTI-BLAVERY
 BAZAAR,
 ,To hf held in Concert Hall, December Wth
 and Hat, 1848.
 We again announce to the public that our'
 Annum] Bazaar is near at hand, anti will afford
 an opportunity of making sympathetic effort
 in behalf of the suffering mil'ions lit our midst
 A glance at the object of our most holy and
 benevolent enterprise, is sufficient to arouse the
 least inquiring mind from its lethargy, to a
 hearty 00-opertion in making our Fair worthy
 of theae who duly estimate the blessings of,
 freedom. The Fanner will confer a great]
 favor by donations of any of the various pro-
 dnetions of his farm—eggs, butter, dec.; and
 merchants, mechanics, grocers and confec
 tioners will do great service to the cause by
 lending their aid. Donations for our book
 table will be very gratefully received.
 The fnends of the cause in Egland, Scot
 land and Ireland, inform us that boxes of
 goods for our Fair are oo the way. Among
 the many articles named, are the following j
 Sofa Guards, Watch Pockets, Slippers,
 five elegant Collars Doyley's, Bracelets, 1
 Necklaces, Bags, Children’s Flocks, Shoes,
 Aprons, Biha, Bridal Party aod Opera Dane-;
 era, (dolls) Tuckers, Baskets, beautiful Draw
 ings and Pictures, Colored Drawings, Gloves,
 Knitted Tippets, Caps, one Side-Saddle, Ate.,
 ABIGAIL BUSH, Pree’t. j
 Sarah C. Owih, Sec’y,
Annual Meeting,
 The Annual Meeting of the Western New
 York Anti-Slavery Society will he held at
 Rochester, on Friday and Saturday, the 22d
 and 23d of December, commencing on Friday
 at 10 o'clock A. M.
 Notwithstanding that the nation, in its road
 ness, has lately signified its choice to have
 one of the roost notorious of slsveholdeis to
 rule over us for the next four years, the Anti
 slsvery tide is evidently widening and deep
 ening. The signs of the times are, on the
 whole, encouraging. Come up, then, ye
 faithful and true, and let us unite our efforts,
 and put forth our energies in favor of 'the
 right-
 Efforts will be made to procure able and in
 teresting speakeTß. By order of the Execu
 tive Committee.
 J. C. HATHAWAY, Pres’t.
 P. s. —Well the Liberator and National
 Anti-Slavery Standard please copy.
An appeal for Justice.
 The undersigned, a committee appointed a
 a meeting held in Faneuil Hall in the mom!
 of May last, to take measure for the defence
 of Daniel Drayton, now confined in prison in
 the District of Columbia, on the charge ol
 stealing Rlaves, beg leave to make the follow
 ing statement:
 There was, and we suppose still is, in the
 Distrist of Columbia, if not already sold oil
 to the South, a numerous family of colored
 persons by the name of Bell. Moses Bell,
 the father of this family, obtained his free
 dom by a decision of the Supreme Court ol
 the United Stales, on the ground that he hat
 been brought into the District contrary t&lt;
 law. Bell’s wife and children claimed thei
 freedom, also, under the will of her forme
 owner. A suit '.vim brought to enforce thi
 claim, which faileo as we are informed, oi
 account of some informality or other defect ii
 the will. Expecting that his wife and child
 ren would be speedily sold off to the South
 Bell went to Philadelphia to solicit funds foi
 their redemption. A large sum would be re
 quired for that purpose. These person)
 «eemed equitably entitled to freedom, and th«
 idea was started of sending a vessel to Wash
 ington to bring them away. Without anj
 privity on the part of Bell, the case of hi)
 family was mentioned to captain Drayton
 and believing the Bells to be free in equity i
 not in law, Drayton volunteered, on the pay
 ment of the necessary expenses, to procure j
 vessel, and to go with it to Washington t&lt;
 bring the Bells away.
 Information of what was intended wai
 communicated to a person at Washington, if
 order to give notice to the parties interested
 and being aware of the Edmonson girls,—
 those girls lately brought to the public notice
 and redeemed from slavery and threatenec
 prostitution by the liberality of some person)
 in New York, —he thought it would be i
 good opportunity for them to escape also. Hf
 communicated the opportunity to them and tc
 several others; they communicated it to theii
 friends and when captain Drayton came tc
 sail, instead of having sevm passengers, as he
 had expected, he had ten times that number
 Drayton was pursued, overtaken, anc
 brought back to Washington. He had beer
 guilty, if of any offence, of the simple offence
 of transporting the slaves out of the District
 but not content with finding seventy-four in
 dictments against him on that ground, thf
 grand jury of the District, under advice of thf
 District Attorney, found forty-one additions
 indictments for stealing slaves from as manj
 different owners.
 The trials of two of these indictments con
 sumed upwards of a fortnight; and anothei
 fortnight was taken up with the trial of othei
 cases connected with the matter. Contrary
 to an express decision lately made in Ala
 bama, and other cases leaning the same way
 in other courts of the slaveholding states,
 and .without the shadow of any authority tc
 support him, the presiding judge of the Crim
 inal Court, Thomas H. Crawford, late oi
 Pennsylvania, instructed the jury—That tc
 constitute stealing, there need not be any
 design to convert the article taken to the
 taker’s use that any incidental gain to any
 body was enough that to help slaves tc
 escape from their masters was stealing, if the
 person so helping, enticed or induced the
 slaves to go and that in the present case,
 the freedom to be obtained by the slaves was
 a sufficient technical causa lucri f But even
 under this most extraordinary ruling, by
 which the best settled principles of the law ol
 larceny were disregarded and set aside, there
 was no case made out against the prisoner.
 There was not the slightest evidence that
 Drayton had .enticed or induced the slaves, or
 any slave, to run away. In fact, he had never
 seen one of the company till he found them on
 board bis veaael. »et two juries, under the
 pressure of the outside mob, and the mobo
 crauc exhortations of the prosecuting officer,
 after befog out each time some twenty-four
 hours, brought in verdicts of guilty, on which
 ihe Judge sentenced Drayton to twenty yen*
 imprisonment. Sayers, the master of the
 vessel, charged also with stealing, wsr tried
 on two indictments, on the very same evidence,
 and acquitted, when the other thirty nine in
 dictments against bun were abandoned.
 Drayton’s case fo *till open to review by
 the superior courts. The honor of'the natto.,
 demands that such perversion of all law should
 t** set aside. The funds hitherto contributed
 tor the purposes of this case and others con
 nect*! with it, amounting to $W4,75 in all,
 have been exhausted. As much more i*
 needed to carry the matter to a sucesaaful
 conclusion; and for that sum, the committee
 confidently appeal to their humane and law*
 respecting fdfow-ciuzens. The money must
 be bad at once; and all person)) disposed to
 coo tribute towards saving the law from being
 wickedly perverted, in a court of the Untied
Stales, ii the city of Wuflftteo, for the
 benefit of slimy, are requested to forward
 their cafetfibatiean to Joshua P. BtavcHAtD,
 Treemr of the Committee, 13 Poxehane at.
 (Mitort favorable to the eenae of hnmauitj
 and justice are requested to coambute by
 gt»»»g Uus an insertion in their columns.
 S. E. SEWALL,
 ROBERT MORRIS, JR.
 CHARLES LIST,
 JOHN W. BROWNE,
 RICH’D HILDRETH,
 Walter channing,
 F.LIZUR WRIGHT,
 H. I. BOWDITCH,
 FRANCIS JACKSON,
 J. P. BLANCHARD,
 JOS. SOUTHWICK,
 Commute ft
 The Alain mi Hayti.
 The Bottom Traveller of Wednesday trans
 lates as follows the recent Message of the
 President of Hayti; It is an interesting and
 well-wntten document, and will repay a thor
 ough perusal;
 Citizen Legislators; Before speaking to
 you of the condition of the Republic, it ia of
 great consequence that the causes which hare
 brought about this condition should be anal
 ysed.
 You know, gentlemen, a criminal faction,
 the audacity of which has increased in pro
 portion as the Government magnanimously has
 opposed it, has attempted within the past year
 to revolutionise the country. In order to sup
 pics the bursting forth of fatally excited feel
 ng, the people became aroused, and enormous
 sacrifices followed. The amount of public ex
 penses wan immeasly increased, at the same
 time that our receipts are diminishing. This
 is tbe necessary consequence of the loss of la
 bor from the absence of producers who con
 tinue to abandon their fields in order to guard
 the safety of the country.
 The new cabinet having been absent four
 months from the Capital, they hare not yet had
 opportunity to prepare in detail a statement of
 the financial condition of the country. Extra
 ordinary expenses, caused by extraordinary
 circumstances, will be submitted to your ex
 amination they will have, without doubt,
 your entire approbation and [the government
 hopes, gentlemen, that your vote will sanction
 them.
 The. visit of the Chief of State in the South
 ern department, lias produced there the hap
 piest results in this part, as in another por
 tions of the Republic tranquillity and order
 reign.
 The diminutiou in our products, in conse
 quence of internal dissensions; the geat po
 litical events which have transpired in Europe;
 the want of fidelity in Haytiens who have con
 spired agaiust the public good in other ways
 than by force af arras in all these circum
 stances have brought about the financial and
 commercial crisis which agitates the country.
 The sufferings of the people, from the high
 price of all articles of consumption, fixes and
 absorbs all the attention of Government; and
 it hopes, gentlemen, that you will join in the
 same sentiment, so as to endeavor, by wise
 and well-combined measures, to relieve the
 people from the burdens which press so
 heavily upon them
 Economy in all branches of public service, is
 a duty binding upon government. It has no
 hope of filling up at once the deficiency; but
 it will consider much to have been done for the
 country, when it shall have succeeded in stop
 ping the emission of paper money and in .es
 tablishing a just equilibrium between its re
 ceipts and its expense.
 Agriculture is still suffering in consequence
 of troubles which have afflicted the country.
 Meanwhile, in those places which have not
 been the theatre of insurrection, labor has pro
 gressed in a satisfactory mannei, The state
 □f our finances must improve under the favor
 able auspices of peace, and Government will
 hasten, as soon as circumstances will permit,
 to establish a different agricultural district
 mills and machines, in order to facilitate, in
 those regions the improvement of their pro
 duce.
 In time, manufacturing industry wil become
 nationalized among us; Government has for
 this a strong desire. The establishment of
 workshops for the manufacture of powder, of
 soap, of paper, etc. shall be encouraged. We
 shall draw from it the double advantage of
 employing a greater number of hands, and of
 freeing ourselves from a portion of the taxes
 which we are obliged to pay to the foreigner.
 The army is faithful to its trust; having no
 other object of devotion than its country, it has
 ever remained deaf to the appeals of crime,
 and has ever been found at its post, where it
 was needed in order to insure the supremacy
 of order. In regard to it, Government has
 only eulogies to utter.
 Public instruction is making progress; the
 people comprehend the advantage and neces
 ity of its extension. Meanwhile the system of
 teaching must be modified, and there are con
 ditions to be establiseed, in order that the
 young Haytiens may equally participate in
 the benefits of gratuitous education which the
 State grants to them. Very particular atten
 tion will be paid to the choice of those who
 shall compose the body of teachers; for it is
 necessary to be guarded against confiding to
 men without fidelity to government, and with
 out devotion for country, the delicate task of
 directing youth, enlightening the mind of the
 young, and implanting within them the noble
 sentiments of rights and of duty.
 Experience of tbe past proves that private
 interest often becomes paramount to general
 interests: in this case the intervention of Gov
 ernment in certain transactions becomes a ne
 cessity. Government will claim of you this
 right of intervention, in order to use it as a
 protection against that class who defend all
 extravagant exigences'
 Laws uniting all the conditions which re
 late to taxes will be presented to you. Gov
 ernment will propose to you the abrogation of
 law's of arrangements of laws whose execu
 tion is recognized either as disastrous to our
 finances, subversive of that spirit and concord
 which should sxist between agriculturists.
 The Legislature will also be occupied with
 considering the protection of property, the en
 cooragment of labor; and in improving tbe
 morals of the people by laws for the repres
 sion of theft and vagrancy.
 Manifestations in this capita], and from a
 majority of the people, indicate that our con
 stitutional compact is not the exact expres
 sion of the wants and wishes of the country.
 Faithful to its promise of the 9th of April,
 Government will be occupied, during its ses
 sion, with the modification of those articles of
 which a revision may be considered neces
 sary.
 It is not consistent with the dignity of Gov
 ernment to speak to-yon, gentlemen, of the
 conduct of those unnatural Haytiens who have
 abandoned the country after having bathed it
 with the blood of their brethren. In their
 chagrin at the actual order of things, they are
 striving, vainly however, to mislead foreign
 nations in the formation of their opinions as to
 the political events which have just taken place
 here.
 Government has the satisfaction of anmtotro
 ping to you, gentlemen, that its external rela
 tions are upon a saus&amp;ctorv footing, and it re
 joices to beliere that nothing will happen to
 mar this state of things. I« has applauded with
 so much the more earnestness the Revolu
 tion which has substituted a Republic in the
 place of a Monarchy in France, inasmuch as
 this revolution has proclaimed tbe emancipa
 tion of our brethren.
 The foreign debt agreed to, under a prece
 ding Administration, is a sacred obligation for
 the country; the Constitution places it under
 the safe-keeping and loyality of the nation,
 md »he Government will always hold it an
 honor to fulfil the obligation.
 Guinea Legislators, it is only under the
 ihedow of peace, that Geveimnaat aaa realise
 its aßUCtpetiou for the pubho good. This
 peace we shall have henceforth, for the Gev
 kroment is profoundly impressed with the be
 ief that the powerfal teachings which have
 wen born of the poet Convince the supporters
V o 1 B P eeafe
 gmtiog thijVtii fnnlrtCTjrw
 w« dot be tbmrenMHßt with all Urn power
 aMeawry for the complete fulfilment of the
 ■oima oath which it took the fin* of March,
 i» feithfellj the office of Prandoet of
 Hayti, to auiatmia with all its power the Coa
 atitatiea aod laws of the Haytiea people to
 make respected every where the aarioeal inde
 pendence «ed the integrity of the territory.”
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, DECEMBER 8, 1848.
Pikthkeih Notice.
 Three move immliui will complete the int vol
 ume of ov p»per. It k luwwa to most of Mr
 reader* that the Nobtb Stab k entirely iade
 pendent of erery Society, aad k supported by ao
 organisation whatever. The price k two doßan
 per aanmn. When the term paid lor ha* expired,
 the paper k invariably Mopped; no that ao oae k
 ever adjected by a* to the unpleasant possibility of
 being troubled with thr bill for papers which be doea
 not read, and doea not want. Now, friends, we
 don't like to Mop year paper*. There is ao part of
 ow doty more nnplra— wf, and winch we woald
 more willingly avoid, than that of stroking ont a
 name from the mail book. Very many of you be
 gan with na at the beginning. We have talked to
 yon week after weak, aad yoafaave become in some
 roe a* are acquainted with aa. Do yoa not wkh to
 continue and make aaoac intimate that acquaintance
 We want Mill to talk to yon; bat cannot afford to
 do ao, anleaa yan supply aa with theamaaa. It knot
 needftd to tell yoa of the a mot of good the Nortb
 Stab baa done—of the prejudice it baa overcome
 the anti -slavery sentiment it baa disseminated—the
 recruit* it haa woo to the rank* of Freedom—the
 desire and eftort for enlightenment and elevation to
 which it has aroused the despised and oppressed,—
 of all this you ate yourselves competent judges.
 Friends, will you aid os in this matter’? Will you
 go with us through another year? If you wish to do
 so, send ou your subscriptions through our agent, or
 hy post, if there is no agent within reach, before the
 close of the year, and the Nobth Star wll con
 tinue to arise upon you weekly, with increased and
 increasing brightness. Will you do thi#? “The
 laborer is worthy of his hire.”
 OCh Money sent hy post will be estirely at our
 risk; but we should like to have current money, or
 a* nearly so as possible.
St. Thomas Church, Philadelphia.
 A defence of the position of this church on
 the subject of American slavery, was at
 tempted in a long letter, signed W. D., pub
 lished in the North Star on the 34th of No
 vember. It will be remembered- that the
 same writer undertook a defence of the two
 other churches in Philadelphia, a few weeks
 since but for some reason, not given by him,
 but easily inferred, he s has abandoned his de
 fence of those churches, and has bent his
 efforts and energies to a desperate defence of
 his own—St. Thomas’. May we not hope
 that the same good sense which led this gal
 lant defender to abandon the defence of
 Stephen Gloucester's church, may lead him
 to give up the defence of St. Thomas’ Church
 also. He can certainly have no stronger rea
 son fur abandoning the one than the other,
 unless it may turn out that our hero is defend
 ing his own castle.
 We have little to say in reply to this letter,
 and that little would have been said simulta
 rArnsly with its publication, had we been at
 home at the time. Our numerous readers in
 Philadelphia will excuse the unavoidable de
 lay, and what might appear to them a reluc
 tance on our part to grapple with the argu
 ments presented by W. D. The subject
 under consideration, is one requiring more
 honesty than logic to enable us to arrive at an
 intelligent conclusion with respect to it The
 real question at issue between W. D. and the
 North Star, is not whether a meeting-house
 {sanctuary) ought to be reverenced. It is
 not whether ordination is right; nor is it
 whether Christ was in favor of or opposed to
 a religion of forms and ceremonies. Upon
 these questions severally, it may yet be proper
 to expend some discussion. At present, how
 ever, we think it best to confine the contro
 versy to the real question at issue. The
 question is this: Is St. Thomas’ Church,
 Philadelphia, by its practice and position, hos
 tile to the anti-slavery movement? We affirm
 that it is. W. D. denies the charge, and de
 mands the evidence upon which we base the
 charge. He says he must have something
 more than mere assertion, and treats all that
 we have said before as mere assertion, unsup- i
 ported by evidence. In the following sin
 gular demand, he gives us what, in his judg
 ment, constitutes evidence, which will satisfy
 him of the truth of our charge
 Has it been shown that the Episcopal
 Church, either in*her general or Diocesan
 Conventions, has ever declared herself hos-
 4ile to anti-slavery This must be done first,
 and after that is done, the particular link must
 be pointed out which holds St. Thomas’
 Church in the same hostile position. All this
 must be shown'before anything hke a strong
 case can be made out.”
 With all kindness to W. D., we most say i
 that this demand is most extraordinary, and is
 as much opposed to all the just modes of rea
 soning, as it obviously is to every dictate of
 common sense. Can it be possible that a
 man of W. D.’s intelligence has never sus
 pected that a body of men may be opposed to
 a righteous movement, without, in so many
 words, declaring its opposition Are we in
 charity bound to suppose him ignorant that i
 some of the most refined villains I
 trod the earth, have been persons who have j
 never declared those vil lames, or themselves
 villains Shall we try to thi«k that W. D.
 has lived these forty or fifty years among a
 people so honest and upright that they were
 never guilty of any crime that they did not
 declare themselves in favor of, and that be
 himself has come up so pure and guileless,
 that he imagines it impossible to make out
 a strong case against any set of criminals,
 unless they shaft declare, by resolution, that
 they arp such?
 But mere and still more to the point. May
 not Aimer itself be a crime Dm he not
 know that some of the moat brutal outrages
 and monstrous crimes ever committed by na
 tions and individuals, against the authority of
 God sod the happiness of mas, bare been
 committed not only without a declaration in
 their fe' or, but against the moat pinna declare
 tiooa of the actors? Take, for inetaoce, ou
 own boasted Republic, solemnly declaring
 that it holds these truths te be arlf iridant.
 that all mao ere created equal, end endowed
 by their Cv£&amp;im vtk cotibhi
 rights, and that emoeg then am fife, liberty,
 end the permit of boppoMU,** and at (he
 mme time holding in most cruel bondage
three milhoos of mu brethren. '•Wow,
 it ant be as proper to ash as fno( If the |ro
 alaaary character rf this neiiofe »"*to»®°
 the Protestant FfiMiipeJ caUSSrUEs?
 We taoj bare already demonstrated the ab
 aatdky and tfirimwoty of W. D.’a position u&gt;
 the aatiafectioa of meet of oar readers; but as
 this position is the keystone of his argument
 and defence, we may be allowed to press oar
 inquiries on thjt point a little further. He
 affirms that the*Protestant Episcopal Church
 baa never, either in her Diocesan or general
 Contentions, declared berself against anti
 alavery.” Indeed! Most innocent man
 He complains that we do not eten allow that
 church the advantage of a neutral (neither hot
 nor cold) posit ion. She has stood an nnir.ter.
 ested spectator of the whole stidggle between
 slavery and freedom. This is tacitly admitted:
 and in our judgment, could thui be proved in her
 favor, which we deny, she would yet remain
 a corrupt traitor to the cause of God and man,
 and be deserving of the burning reprobation of
 all who wish well to the cause of righteous
 liberty. For a body of men to stand by and
 aeo n fellow-men perish by flood or flame, and
 refuse to lend any assistance towards rescuing
 him from the jaws of death, and then piously
 fold their, arms, and say they never took
 sides one way or the other, v. ould be as richly
 to deserve the baiter as any feloqp that ever
 swung between earth and sky
 The Protestant Episcpal Church has, we
 admit, remained less moved by the anti-slavery
 agitation than any other large communion in
 this country. She has, in her associative
 form, maintained almost perfect silence with
 respect to the whole subject of slavery. Her
 character, therefore, is to be determined by
 what she has not done, rather than by what
 she has. The great Head of the church and
 Author of Christianity, has been pleased to
 give us two rules with which to test the char
 acter of men. The one is a positive and the
 other a negative rule; and either of those
 is sufficient in the case before us. The first
 is, “By their fruits ye shall krune them;" and
 the other is, Inasmuch as ye did it not unto
 the least of these my brethren, ye did it not
 unto me.” In the light of these rules, we fix
 the brand of hostility to the anti-slavery move
 ment upon the character of the Protestant
 Episcopal Church, and also upon her children,
 St. Thomas’ Church included. The Protest
 ant Episcopal Church has never treated sla
 very as a sin it has never refused to fellow
 ship slaveholders as Christians; it has never
 expressed the first word of sympathy with
 the anti-slavery movement, or even thanked
 God foi its existence, or expressed a hope
 that the movement would succeed. Though
 from all the likelihood's of the case, that
 church is aware that three milhops of-people
 in this land are robbed of themselves, and all
 that pertains to man as a responsible being—
 compelled to live in ignorance of the great
 end for which they were created, and not even
 allowed to learn to read the scriptures—denied
 the family relation—virtually forced into con
 cubinage yet this church, with all its pre
 tend regard for the benign religion of the
 New Testament, and its love of purity, has
 never uttered one word against their brutal
 enslavers. It is of such a church that St.
 Thomas’ claims to be a branch—it is liom
 such a church that the minister of St. Thomas’
 Church holds his authority to preach the gos
 pel of Christ. It was from such a church
 that he received bis ordination and it is in
 such a church that he is (by proxy) represent
 ed. But more and still worse. It is a noto
 rious fact, that slaveholders and slavetraders
 are welcomed not only to the communion of
 this church, but slaveholders and slavetraders
 are ordained as ministers of Jesus Christ. It
 is now almost equally notorious that Bishop
 Meade, of Virginia, is not only a slaveholder,
 but defends that infernal system from the
 Bible.
 Now, to say that such a church is not hos-,
 tile to the anti-slavery cause, is equal to say
 ing that slaveholders are not hostile to eman
 cipation. If it be true that no man can serve i
 two masters —that there is no concord between
 Christ and Belial, and that Liberty [has no
 fellowship with Slavery, then is the American
 Protestant Episcopal Church in favor of sla
 very, and hostile to the anti-slavery move
 ment since slaveholders and slavetraders are
 in every department of that church, from
 Bishopric to laity, and since that church has
 never uttered a single word in condemnation
 of slavery. All this would be proof enough
 against that church, to any unbiassed mind.
 Bot this is not all. Mach more can be pre
 sented, which ought to put to shame, if not to
 silence, any man who ventures a defence of
 that cage of unclean birds. We should as
 soon consider a den of wolves as a standing
 type and representative of Jesus Christ, as
 such a church. From the crown of its head
 to the feet, there is no soundness in it,but it is
 full of wounds and putrifying sores.
 W. D. wants something more than negative
 proof. Let him read, then, the following tes
 timony Wfa member of the Protestant Epis
 copal Church, and then let him ask himself if
 he ought not to be ashamed to be in Christian
 fellowship with a body of men, who are such
 respecters of* persons* and are so filled with
 the common American hate towards persons
 of our complexion, that they will not
 tolerate the minister of St. Thomas’s Church
 to represent that church an the floor of their
 Diocesan Conventioo. Of all pro-slavery
 bate, deliver us from sanctified hale.
 In the month of June, 1839, the Board
 of Trustees of the General Theological Sem
 inary, composed of the bishops and derieal
 and lay delegates from the different states and
 territories, met at New Ysrk; and their pro
 ceedings were subsequently published in a.
 pamphlet. From the minutes, it apgears that
 a candidate for holy orders in the diocese of
 New York, now the Rev. Alexander Crom
 mell, applied to them, by petition, to be
 allowed to enter the seminary as a rtuctent;
 that the petition was referred to a com ant toe
 cnnmaiiitg of the Right Rev.. Bp. IL-U.
 Onderdook, Rev. Dr a. James Mil oar and
 Hugh Smith, and Wm. Johnson, David B.
 Ogden, and Edward A. Newton, Esquires,
 wno, after deliberate consideration, recoin- 1
 ®«nded a resolution of rejection, with, on
 J»e motion of the Rev. Francis L. Hawkes,
 bLP*’ w lhat *he Right Rev.
 liwhop Doane asked leave to enter hia protest
 Worn the ddetsieo, and that leave waa not
 ?7»med. Neither the reasons for their de
 -3410 0» nor the disqualifies tioo of the candidate,
 e&lt;rWi "rtwntted by the minutes; bet it
 appear, that fee right ef every candidate
 torier fee aaninsry was expressly
 r««*i»t»ed by fee nsemitntisn, which fee
 "Jto* 1 were bound to obey and that this
 set was waft jupvn to them, also uann
 rropw b, XTbSKP
 Y«t, vfak ik* miot wm famHif, u&gt;
“The trig* csuae wM led the trusters to
 nulfily the Sumhatkjß** de*y the right ol
 the candidate, and whfehtbey were ashamed
 to pritoMriedge, war, that He -was a colored
 man; and this wet the only cease—his
 diocesan. Bishop Onderdonk, of New Yack,
 hating declared in ‘The Churchman,’ (Nor.
 4, 1839.) that be Mpbritljr staled to them,
 that if they should think it right and propet
 to adroit a colored ism into the SVtmnary, be
 considered the applicant before them, one in
 irhose cone M nmgki nth great safety and pi o
 priehf le done*
 The Rev.'Peter Williams, for many
 years a respectable clergyman of New York,
 was oeter allowed to sit as a member of tbe
 Diocesan Contention, nor has the Church of
 St. Philip, of which he was the pastor, been
 yet represented in that body. He dkd soon
 after the act of the trustees, upon which wo
 hare been remarking, was exposed to the
 world' and to counteract, as far as possible,
 tbe indignation it had excited, the clergy, in
 a body, attended his fnneral, and the bishop of
 New York pronounced from the pulpit a high
 puioginin upon his character. Several of the
 clergy admitted that it was done merely for
 effect,.and one of them bitterly remarked at
 the funeral, that the empty honors to the life
 less dost were a poor atonement for the insults
 so often offered to the living man. Tbe Rer.
 Mr. De Grasse, another colored clergyman of
 the Episcopal church, of fine talents, excel
 lent acquirements, am! amiable disposition,—
 who, three years previously to tlie application
 of Mr. Crummell, had been excluded from
 the Seminary, and, who, after a residence of
 some years in this city, sought in the West
 Indies the respectful treatment and sympathy
 he could not find at home, and there ended
 his early years by a Christian’s death, —onoe
 said to the "Writer, with tears in bis eyes, I
 feel that the bishop and many of the clergy
 are against us—that they do not want any
 colored clergymen in the church. I have
 struggled against the conviction, but it is im
 possible to resist it; the proofs are too strong;
 I experience it daily I know it is so.’
 “In the diocese of Pennsylvania, an ex
 press cannon debar the African church from
 being represented in the Convention,, and ex
 cludes the rector from a seat. Truly a singu
 lar picture to be exhibited by Christians
 meeting as a council of tlie church but the
 limits of caste stop not here. Beautifully says
 the poet i
 Are we not hrotliers
 So man and roan should be
 But clay ami clay differs iu dignity,
 Whose dust is both alike.'
 Since Shakspeare wrote, even ihe dust
 has learned to claim precedence over dust; and
 Noli me tangere is daintily inscribed upon the
 mouldering coffin-lid.
 Ay this aristocracy of culor’ is main- 1
 tained, not only in God’s temples, but even in l
 that last abode where all distinctions have
 been supposed to disappear. In the very
 graveyard where Death reigns as conqueror, j
 and worms revel on the mouldering remains
 of manliness and beauty where pride, andj
 pomp, and power, have doffed their trappings,;
 and Lave said to corruption, Thou art my!
 father, and to the worm, Thou art my mother
 and my sister where the voice of passion is
 forever stilled, and the heart that has ceased!
 to beat is cold as the marble beneath which
 it reposes;—even here, among the tombs,
 Prejudice has his dwelling, like the demoniac
 of old, and Caste, under the sanction of the
 church, rears his hideous and revolting form.
 How many similar instanoes there may be, we
 know not; that we cite has come undei our
 immediate notice. The vestry and wardens
 of au Episcopal church in the diocese of New
 York, a few years since, accepted a deed for
 a cemetery, which was demised to them upon
 the express condition unbodied in the inden
 ture, that they should never suffer any colored
 person to be buried in any part of the same;'
 and all the subsequent conveyances on the part
 of tlie chotch, of vaults and burial-places,
 are subject to the same condition.”
 What will W. D. do with this statement of
 facts? Will it be evidence to his mind ot the
 pro-slavery or anti-slavery bharacter of the
 Protestant Episcopal Church Or will he say
 that it is no evidence at all—pronounce it
 mere assertion?—or will he say, if evidence
 at all, it is defective evidence, insufficient to
 convict that church of hostility to the anti
 slavery movement ?—or will he come forward
 and honestly own, as he ought to do, that his
 mother church is- a corrupt old pto-slavery
 hag, and not to be regarded as the church ol
 the living God, wbb is the God of the op
 pressed, and not a respecter of persons? If he
 does not say so, it will be owing to no want of
 testimony against that church, but a failurei
 on his part to appreciate that evidence.
 In reply to what W. D. says about ordina
 tion, it is enough to say that he misrepresents
 the point at issue. We have never uttered a
 word in ridicule of ordination. What we
 said bn this point, merely had respect to mak
 ing ordination the absolute condition upon
 which persons are allowed to speak in Episco
 pal Churches, and this he must have known,
 if he read with care our remaks on this
 point. We say now, as we said before, that i
 this rule, strictly carried out, would admit the!
 devil into the pulpit of St. Thdkias’ Church,
 could he appear in holy orders, while Christ,
 unordained, would be rejected. This we say
 is the practical working of a rigid adherence
 to this rule.
 x You have experienced it in that while
 you would not admit Frederick Douglass,
 Martin R. Delany, or Charles Lenox Remond
 into St. Thomas' Church, to speak for the
 slave, the Reverend Mr. Allen, a notorious
 slaveholder, has been repeatedly an occupant
 of the pulpit of that church. The case is
 made out against that church, and we leave
 you to your conscience and to your God, in
 the light of whose teachings we humbly
 hope you may be guided onto all truth.—r. d, j
A I*****
 We find on oar time this week, a map en
 titled Lewis’ Free Soil, Slavery, mod Ter
 ritorial Map of the United States.” It ia an
 excellent thing of the sort, and presents at a
 glance the aggressive and greedy character
 of the slave power, so that be who runs may
 read. The margin of the map is occupied
 with important statistics which will be found
 useful at all times, but especially at itus tune.
 They are just such statistics as a slavery
 muxxied pure* has kept back from the pubite
 mtadL We are glad la see this aew mode of
 impressing (be northern mind with the im
 portance of this subject. This map ought to
 have a wide circulation throughout the coun
 try, Sooth he well as North. It ia for sale
 at the Standard offios, 149, Nassau Street,
 New York,— v. n.
 To CoaitaroyDeffTs.—A six weeks' ab
 sence from our editorial chair and table, has
 allowed quite an accumulation of letters from
 friends in this country and in England to re
 main unacknowledged. Our friends will have
 to lay in an everlasting stack of pntionce.”
 Eeeh and all shall hear hem us ton. M.
 R. D., WduMßgtoo, Dal., received.—
 r. o.
 Haxav Cnax was too aawail on tbe *h
 papers.
ism? Ale of a Dost Itile volume by
 ll». Jut Fltaabeih Jones, of Salem, Ohio.
 It is well written ial nicely adapted to the
 wi&amp;ts of the rising generation. Mis. Jones
 hss done the cause of the slate a greaf sen*
 ide t by turning her attention to this depart
 ment of anti-shimy effort. In out impatience
 to see the tesuh of our labors, in the destt no
 tion of slavery, ire hare hitherto devoted
 little time to impressing the young with ami
 slavery sentiments and principles. The wis
 dom of this course maj be fairly doubted,
 We have reason to believe that to the] young
 of this day the slave and this country are to
 be indebted for emancipation. The sale of
 this admirable lbook ought to he immense.
 It is sold at 91, Cornhill, Boston.—r. o.
The Ham’s Hons
 Haa bad serioua trouble with the editor of the
 Tribune, and in connexion with the account
 of it, ho has mixed up our humble name in a
 somewhat spiteful manner. The editor ol
 that paper charges us with haviag become a
 partner in the concern, and an owner in the
 Ram's Horn, and insinuates that we quitted
 the concern in a discreditable manner, and
 established a rival paper. We have no de
 sire to cpovict the Ram*i Horn of wilful
 falsehood, and shall not atterfipt that; but we
 must say in our own defence, it has greatly
 misrepresented the facts in the case, and tbe
 natural impression conveyed is wholly false.
 Frederick Douglass has never been a copart
 ner in the Ram’s Horn, and therefore never
 left the concern, creditably or otherwise, and
 this was stated in the Ram’s Horn as soon as
 he learned that Mr. Van Renssellaer had
 given such a statement to the public. Be a
 little careful in yonr statements in respect to
 matters of this sort, or we shall begin to
 think that you are troubled with an enlarged
 imagination.— r. i&gt;.
L Tme Patriotism.
 Patriotism consists not in a mere professed
 lore of country, place of one’s birth—an
 endearment to the scenery, however delightful
 and interesting, of such country nor simply
 j the laws and political policy by which such
 country is governed but a pure and unso
 phisticated interest felt and manifested for
 man—an impartial love and desire for the pro
 motion and elevation of every member of the
 i body politic, their eligibility to all the rights
 and privileges of society. This, and other
 than this, fails to establish the claims of true
 patriotism.
 From periods the most remote, the most
 improper application has been made of the
 endearing term Patriot. Whether the most
 absolute monarch, crowned with the heredi
 tary diadem, armed with an unlimited sceptre
 —the most intolerable despot bearing the title
 of sovereign—the most cruel and heartless
 oppressor and slaveholder under the boasted
 title of President—the most relentless butche;
 and murderer called Oommander-in-Chtef—
 the most haughty and scornful aristocrat who
 tramples upon the people’s rights in the halls
 of legislation—the most reckless and unprin
 cipled statesman, ri oting upon the spails of a
 plundered revenue;” —whether Phillips, Cur
 ran or Grattan, in defence of Irish constitu
 tional liberty—Emmet upon the scaffold, re
 fusing to let his epitaph be written until Ire
 land was free—William Tell, under sentence
 of death, balling the schemes of the German
 tyrant, Gedler—the French baron, Lafayette,
 leaving his' native country and princely for
 tune, to share in common the fate of the
 struggling American Washington, as the
 leader of his country’s destiny—O’Connell, as
 the Liberator—Thomas Jefferson, Patrick
 Henry, or John Quincy Adams, standing in
 the frontal ranks as defenders of American
 rights, or Mitchell and O’Brien, who sacri
 ficed their aIL, being forever divorced and ex
 iled from the most tender ties of domestic
 affections, by the severity of the laws of their
 country, for daring to discard provisions
 deemed pernicious to the welfare of their
 countrymen; all have laid equal claim to a
 share of popular gratitude, and been endowed
 with the loved title of patriot,
 A patriot may exist, whether blessed with
 the privileges of a country, favored with a
 free constituency, or flying before his pursu
 ers, roam an exile, the declared outlaw of the
 power that besets him. Love to man, and un
 compromising hostility to that which inter
 feers with his divine God-given rights, are
 the only traits which distinguish the true pa
 iriot. To be patriotic, is to be philanthropic
 1 to be which, is necessary to love nil men
 regarding their humanity with equal im
 portance.
 Much has been'the interest felt and mani
 fested in this country in every movement,
 with exceptions to be named, whether borne
 or abroad, in favor of human liberty; and
 thqpe who were foremost in the struggle* be
 queathed their names to present and future
 time, to become the subject of the poet and
 the theme of the historian. Spain, Italy,
 Greece, Poland, Germany, France, England,
 Scotland and Ireland, of modern date, all,
 have bad their patriots, each of whom in suc
 cession, has shared largely of America’s
 eulogium. And of all who have scanned the
 ordeal before them, there were none perhaps
 for whom there has been expressed more sym
 pathy, than the late victims of British dis
 pleasure, the Irish patriots sad convicts,
 Mitchell aad O’Brien, especially tho latter,
 the severity of whose sentence aroused every
 feeling and expression of opposition to the
 execution of the sentence.
 To witness the public demonstrations, as
 manifested in favor of the Irish struggle, in
 which Mayors of cities, Judges of Courts,
 sons of Ex-Prestdeots and Ex-Governors par
 ticipated, and the universal interest felt in the
 result, ta well loaded to deeeive, and betray
 into the idea those not otherwise advised, that i
 this aation is a nation of justice. But how i
 wrt America stand, when compared with
 other coo at nee, dork as may be the gloom of
 their seou-harfaarous laws l Condemned must
 •he be in the moral visioe of the whole eo
 ligbtened world. Loud, long, and damning,
 must be the anathema uttered against her by
 those whom she treats and so regards in all
 her legal acknowledgments as aliens aad eno
 niflß, ere their eyes be opened to a sense of
 their condition, aad she stiN refuses to —acw
 them.
 Bat haw many patriots have lived, toiled,
 •dfctid and died, having worn out a Hfe of
 mefciaese, unobtrusively laboring In the
 of mffcriag humanity, living to lie commu
 nity aad the world a life of redmaon, passing
to and fro unobserved, amidst the stir and hn»y
 scene* of a metropolis, and the throng and
 bustle of assemMe#thoaaands. This etas* of
 patriots may be found in every country; but
 ’to none are they more common than America,
 and in no country they meet with fa*
 acceptance than in this Republic, Ever pro
 fessing the roost liberal principles, proclaiming
 liberty and eqaality to all mankind, their
 policy give* a glaring contradiction
 to their pretensions, and the lie to their pro
 fessions.
 Prone as they are to tyrannise and despot
 ic* over the liberties of the few, the philan
 thropist who espouse* the cause of the op.
 pressed, is destined to a hie of obscurity, in
 stead of commeadstioa and renown, contempt
 and neglect are the certain and most bitter
 fruits of his reward. Marked and pointed out
 by the finger of scorn, he at once becomes
 the mock of the scoffcr, and hiss of the re
 riler; and affliction heaped upon affliction
 presses upon him like a mountain weight,
 until at last he sinks under the mighty pres
 sure, unable longer to bear it up. Yet, gall
 ing as this may be, it is a- boon for which the
 downtrodden, oppressed American might
 anxiously long, compared with his own pres
 ent miserable, unhappy condition.
 Among them have existed, and there do
 exist, those who are justly entitled to all the
 claims of true patriotism; but proscription,as
 infamous aa it is wicked, has stamped the seal
 of degradation upon their brow; and instead
 of patriots, they become the felon and outlaw.
 Anticipated and preconcerted by an inquisition
 of prejudice and slaveholding influence, the
 colored man of this confederacy, especially
 the bondman, is doomed to ignominy, what
 ever may be his merits.
 Though he has complied with the first de
 mand of a freeman—borne arms in defence or
 his country—no sooner is victory woo, than
 he is unarmed, not only of his implements,
 but also of his equality with those among
 whom he bravely fought side by aide for lib
 erty and equality. Mathematician and philo
 sopher he may be, not only furnishing to the
 country the only correct calendar of time
 and chronological cycles, but further contri
 bute to its interest, by assisting in the plot
 and survey of the District of Columba, with
 out the aid of whose talents it could not at
 that time have been accomplished with mathe
 matical accuracy yet no sooner is tfcis ef
 fected, than he is forgotten to the nation.
 Though in a professedly Republican and free
 Christian country, the yoke is upon his neck,
 and fetters upon his iimbs, and dare he make
 the attempt to release himself and brethren
 from a condition little less than death itself,
 the whole country is solemnly bound, in one
 confederated band, to riddle his breast with
 ten thousand balls. Is he a slave the most
 abject of South America or Cuba, who, rising
 in the majesty of his nature, with a bold and
 inanly bearing, heads his enslaved brethren,
 leading thnm on to a holy contest for the lib
 erty of their wives, mothers, sisters and
 children, he is, with one universal voice, de
 nounced in this country, as a rebel, insur
 rectionist, cut-throat; and all the powers of
 despotism, America in the foremost rank,
 sallies forth in one united crusade against
 him.
 Many are the untj&amp;ng, uncompromising,
 stern-and indefatigable enemies of oppression,
 and friends of God and humanity, now to br
 found among the nominally free colored peo
 ple of this slavery-cuised land, at work labor
 ing for the good of all*men, though some
 have recently escaped from the American
 prison-house of bondage, hearing still fresh
 upon their quivering flesh the sting of the
 whip and marks of tbs lash, many of whom
 for talents and the qualified ability to write
 and speak, will favonchly compare with the
 proudest despots and oppressors in the
 country.
 Though they speak, act, petition, remon
 strate, pray, and appeal, yet to all this the
 wickedness of the American people turns a
 deaf ear, and closed eye. Hence, the
 American colored patriot lives but to be de
 spised, feared and hated, accordingly as his
 talents may place him in the community—
 moving amidst the masses, he passes unob
 served, and at last goes down to the grave in
 obscurity, without a tear to condole his loss,
 or a breast to heave in sympathy. But the
 time shall yet come, when the name of the
 despised, neglected American patriot, in spite
 of American prejudice, shall rise superioi to
 the spirit that would degrade it, and take its
 place (hi the records of merit and feme.
 M. R. d.
An Amuv, growing out of polit eal exciie
 ment. took pJaee on the day of election, at
 Munfordsville, Ky., between Mr. StifTy and
 Captain Gardner, late of the Kentucky volun
 teers, m which Capt. G., was instantly killed*
 Gertit Batith’s Lasi.
 The Grantees of the city of Rochester
 were addressed on Monday evening, the 4th
 inst., by Wait J. Lewie, Surveyor to the
 Gerrit Smith Famiers’ Asaociation, of New
 V ork city. The meeting was an all import
 ant one as many individuals have long been
 desirous of obtaining the information which
 no one was better qualified to impart than
 Mr. tawia be having resided for fifteen
 yean in Essex county, being a competent
 land surveyor, and moreover pledged to aid
 in carrying out tbe design of Mr. South, by
 whom be has been furnished with the names,
 residences, township lots, Ac., of three thou
 sand grantees.
 The various disparaging rumor* relative to
 the taxation and value of said lands, were
 disposed of in a manner that left no doubt
 upon the meeting that the donation of the
 distinguished philanthropist une deserting
 of grateful hearts.
 Mr. Lewis detailed ut a fonuhar manner
 the features of each township, reiterating that
 none 04 fo* were worthless, but the
 greater portion excellent—sn mxnriinii which
 h b a by person, of unquestion
 able judgment and veracity. Hi* remark*'
 were amply illustrated by diagrams.
 While tbe graateee were contracting for a
 *«rvey of the Into, Frederick Douglas.
 prominently to his recent mtemew
 with Mr. John Brown, of Spcmgficld, who
 returned front the Lauda, and pro
 nouaeed them good. A tribute was aha
 awarded to the donor for hie muatficeotgtft
 of heaemeud to so large a number of colored
 American*. Speakers and hearers seamed
 impressed with the importance of an early
 occupation of the fatada. Two mechanics—
 wheelwright and a blacksmith. expressed
 a hope of sooo looattng thtmatlrr- ia tha
"
