"r 0 E T R V.
Fur ike North Star.
 THE NORTH STAR.
 Ob, hark! »hat eok* tV tUcree hrer.k*
 What accent* new are tho*c *e hear!
 Lilt, fierman, *ti» fhattrf speak*!—-
 A (knfti't voter jtafnt' your car
 Bunting tho ltort.lv tint bun ciefinedi
 From ciaiknest t|mmj a gier.t utiadt
 Ye*, hr’* willed from Sbroj'i «!en,
 Awl guide* the North Star with hi* pen.
 Had, lieam-ljgfit of liberty!
 With joy we greet thy ray alar,
 And pr*j that thou mayeit ever lie
 Kree&lt;io«n mu-hanging polar star.
 We long had looked upon the *ki«*,
 To *e« tlie Star of Hope arise,
 4r*l *hcd upon the bleeding flare,
 lu cheering ray this aide tin- crate.
 And, now, UJtol.il Cir in the not!it,
 r *herc the Lion (ear* In* twav,
 A brilliant Star it I ratting forth,
 Cheering the down-trod w ith it* ray.
 It thtiri ofvm tlte fugitive;
 It bid* the slave take lieait and lire;
 For aoon—nit’ wk&gt;o. mat rome ttie day,
 W hen he alail bask iu Freedom’* ray.
 Unchanged, ttncltanjftng, ever •bine,
 Uti* benighted land of our*;
 botil the force of'l’nitit divine
 Shall Ue.tk t!ie proud upjireunr’* power*:
 T ill man shall walk tlte verdant »o.!,
 In the bleat image of |;i* &lt;iod.
 Free and tintraiittiM lied—thi n thy ray
 May well be loct in Freedom** day.
 s w
 BattU Crttk, Muk., Jut i. ISIS.
 I ront the Salem Register. j
 TO THEY MISS ME?
 Do they nn** me at home?—!&lt;&gt; tliey miss me?
 Twoul I lie an assurance m..«t dear.
 To know that this moment, sonic loved one
 W a* saying, I uisli he were here!”—-
 To feel that tJtc group at tile fireside,
 Were thinking of me, as I roam:
 O ye*, *tw ould lie joy l*ey .ml measure,
 io know time tliey raifsed r.tr at home.
 When twilight approaches, the season
 Tliat ever was acred to song,
 Docs some one repeat my name over,
 And sigh tliat I tarry so long!
 At d it there a chord in the music,
 That s missed when my Voice is a wav?
 And a chord in each heart, tliat awaketh
 Regret at iny wearisome stay?
 Do they place mr a chair near the table,
 hen evening’s home pleasure* are nigh,
 Um candles are lit in the parlor,
 And stars in the calm, azure skv?
 Ami w lien the g »od-niglUs are repeated.
 And all lay tliein down lo their sleep,
 Do they think of the absent, and waft me
 A whispered good-night,” o’er the deep?
 Do dicy miss me at lioine?—Do they mis* me,
 At morning, at noon, and at night!
 And lingers one gloomy shale round tliem,
 Tliat only my presence can light?
 Are joy* less invitingly welcomed,
 And pleasures less hailed than before,
 Because one is missed from the circle—
 Because I am with them no m&lt; re?
 Oh yes, they do miss me; kind voice*
 Arc calling me hock, as I roam,
 And eyes have grown weary with weeping,
 And watch but to walcoine me home.
 Kind friends, yc&lt;*hall wait me no longer,—
 I’ll hurry me back from the seas;
 For how- can I tarry, while followed
 By watchings and prayers such as these?
 CARO.
 THE BUILDERS.
 BT HENRY IV. LON (i FE LI.OIV.
 All are architects of Fate,
 Woiking in the walls of Time;
 Some with massive deed* and great,
 Some w ith ornaments of rhyme.
 Nothing useless is, nor low;
 Each thing in its place is best;
 And what seems but idle show,
 Strengthens and supports the rest.
 For the structure that wc raise,
 Time is with materials filled;
 Our to-days and yesterdays
 Are the blocks with which we build.
 Truly shape and fashion these;
 Leave not yearning gaps between;
 Think not, because no man sees,
 Such things will remain unseca.
 In the elder days of Art,
 Builders wrought with greatest care
 Each minute and unseen part;
 For the gods see every where.
 liet us do our work as well,
 Both tlie unseen and the seen;
 Make the house, where god* may dwell.
 Beautiful, entire, ami clean.
 Else our lives are incomplete.
 Standing in these walls of time,.
 Broken stairways, w here the feet
 Stumble as they seek to climb.
 Build to-day, tlim, strong and sure,
 With a linn and ample base;
 And ascending and secur e
 Sluil to-morrow had iu place.
 Tims alone can we attain
 To those turrets, where the evu
 Secs the world as one vast plant.
 And one Ixamnlcss reach of *kv.
 The following beautiful lines, addressed to tin
 pope, arc by Mis. Butler (I a im Kemble):
 h may be taut the stone wh:&lt;h hi.hi art I leaving,
 I- rum ofi thy people’* nook, shall fall and ciesh thee
 It may l&gt;c tliat the suJiVit fi'iod shall j ush dice
 From off die rack, wh. are, propheshke, Udieving
 la Citxi’s great future, timu dost c i it free!
 Yet heave it, heaven-high, n ur far
 To be oVrwlta lme l j :1 1 tll&gt; Ulll carw
 Gf those long piisoind tide* of hlx-rty
 Tliat stone winch tlnni hast Iff tod from ff* tea it
 Of a whole tuition sluil leromc to thee
 A glorious monument, -u, h a* ik. rut
 EVi piUi above a moital met: ton
 I ailing brm-alh it, looti ehalt fare a t.&gt;iii!»
 That si.ail nuke low the loftu-st dome in Ifoiue.”
 Frctn die Colunmija Fie**.
 THE PRESS.
 rr WILLIAM CLANtI BOl'RJr.
 A million tongue* ate thine, and they are lieard
 Speaking of hope to nation*, iu the piimc
 Of freedom’* day, to batten on the u.i#,
 Iwn tlie wide w* il 1 of spit it *K; l*- stirrcl
 'Vitli higher arm* than now—-thru man third call
 Each man hi* lirother—em it dull tell to t *r|j
 Hi* talc of love, and j ure and Indy speech
 Be too sir for tfo- high trsfival;
 Tin gentle w, a,,. AT ,i t ikr r f Jora
 Reach,,,, u.. Wl u ttII foil, m.l &lt;piet Vale—
 11 r u,t t rt like tlw- sweeping gale,
 Bidding tla- U,U-t of u ttU)n |jp aLr^.
 Aitd emd.’s reaion-st islan 1 hear* tfo.
 ITrat touts on ttfor w ing. .1* .u ,h j
AMI-SLAI ERI SELECTIONS.
Fm» r«Wi Letter oo Siren.
 CONDITION A STD TREATMENT OF
 9LAVRK,
 I will next consider the General
 Condition and Treatment of the Sla\ei
 themselves. The slave is not. theoretic
 ally considered, a Person; he is only
 Thing—as much so as an or a
 spade; accordingly, he is wboßjr sub
 ject to his master, and has no rights,
 which are an attribute of Persons only
 not of Things. All that he enjoys
 therefore, is but a privilege. He ina)
 be damaged, but not wronged.! How
 ever ill-treated, he cannot of himself
 in his own name and right, bring s
 formal action in any court; ho tnor»
 than an axe or a spade, though hi;
 master may bt ing an action for dam
 ages. The slave cannot appear as i
 i witness when a freeman is on trial. Hi
 i master ean beat, maim, mutilate, o
 mangle him, and the slave has, theor
 etically, no complete and 1&lt; gal redres
 —practically, no redress at all. Th&lt;
 master may force him to marry or for
 hid his marriage; can sell him awa;
 from wife and children. He can fore
 the lover to beat his beloved; the bus
 band bus wile; the child his parent
 A slave is one who is in the power c
 j his master —to whom he belongs. Th
 master may sell him, dispose of hi
 person, his industry, and his laboi
 life can do nothing, possess nothing
 nor acquire am thing hut what mus
 belong to his master.*’ No contrac
 between master and slave, however so
 Icmnly made and attested, is bindin;
 on the master. Is the freeborn child c
 the free man likewise theoretically sub
 ject to his father r Natural and instinct
 ive affection prevent the abuse of tha
 power. The connection between fa
 tiler and child is one of guardianshi
 i and reciprocal love—a mutual gain
 that of master and slave is founded onl
 on the interest of the owner; the gai
 is only on the master's side.
 The relation of master and slav
 begins in violence; it must be sustaine
 by violence—the systematic violence e
 general laws, or the irregular violcnc
 of individual caprice. There is m
 other mode of conquering and suhju
 gating a man. Regarding the slave a
 a thing, an instrument ofhusbandry,’
 the master gives him the least, an
 takes the most that is possible. H
 takes all the result of the slave’s toil
 leaving only enough to keep him ii
 a profitable working condition. Hi
 work is the most he can be made to do
 his food, clothing, shelter, amusement
 the least he can do with. A Southern
 Planter,” in his “Notes on Politico
 Economy as applicable to the Unitei
 States,” says to his fellow-slaveholders
 ou own this labor, can regulate it
 work it many or few hours in the dav
 accelerate it, stimulate it, control it
 avoid turnouts and combinations, anc
 pay no wages. You can dress it sim
 ply, feed it coarsely and cheap, lodge
 it, on simple forms, as the plantations
 do, house it in cabins costing little.’
 “The slaves live without beds 01
 houses worth so calling, or family cares
 or luxuries, or parade, or show; have
 no relaxations, or whims, or frolics, 01
 dissipations; instead of sun to sun ii
 their hours, are worked from dayligh
 to nine o’clock at night. Where tin
 free man or laborer would require i
 hundred dollars a year for food an&lt;
 clothing alone, the slave onn be sup
 ported for twenty dollars a year, an&lt;
 often is.” Let us bestow upon them th&lt;
 worst, the most unhealthy and degrad
 ing sort of duties and labor.” Bai&lt;
 Mr. Jefferson, the whole commerce
 between master and slave is a perpe
 tual exercise of the most boisteroui
 passions, the most unremitting despot
 ism on the one part, and degrading
 submission cn the ether.”
 The idea of Slavery is, to use a mar
 as a thing, against his nature and ii
 opposition to his interests. The con
 sequences of such a principle it is im
 possible to escape; the results of this
 idea meet us at every step. Man i&lt;
 certainly not cruel by nature, even ir
 the barbarous state. In cur presen
 civilization man is far from bcins
 brutal. There are many kind am
 considerate slaveholders, w hose aim i&lt;
 to make their slaves as comfortabh
 and happy as it is possible while thej
 arc slaves; men who feel and know
 that Slavery is wrong, and would gladh
 be rid of it; who are not consisten
 with the idea of Slavery. Let us sup
 pose, in this argument* there are tei
 thousand such who are heads of fum
 dies in the Uuitcd States, and ninert
 thousand of a different stamp, mei
 who have at least the average of humai
 1 selfishness.
 Now, under the mildest and mos
 humane of masters, Slavery con monh
 1 brings intensity of suffering. Tin
 slave feels that he is a °Man, j
 I erson, his own Person, horn with ul
 a man's unalienable rights; born witl
 the right to life, to liberty, and the pur
 I Ue sees himself cu
 off lroru these rights, and that to&lt;
 amid the wealth, the refinement, anc
 the culture of this country and this
 age. He feels his degradation, born i
 man, to he treated as" a thing, bough
 and sold, beaten as a beast. Hen
 and there is one with a feeble nature
 j with affect ions disproportionately strong
 attached to an owner who never claim
 *ed all lue legal authority of master
 and this man may not desire his
 doui. Some hear of the actual suffer
 mgs of the free blades, or exaggerated
 reports thereof, and fear that by be
 coming free in America, they rnidu
 exchange a well-known evil f or B a
 greater or a worse. Others have be
 come sa debased by their condition
 that the man is mainly silenced in theh
 consciousness, the animal alone *nr
 vivmg, contented if well fi d and not
 overworked, and they do not wish to
 be free Mipjose that these three
 classes, the feeble-minded, the timid
 and the men overw l.chncd and crushed
 by their condition, are as numerous as
 ,luc humane portion of the masters are
 mie-tentu of the whole, or J()0 000
 I he rest are conscious of t},„ nna’u-es
 “1 a,nan. They desire their freed..,,!
 and are kept slavery only bv exter
 nal force the systematic foi-ce'of j üb
 ,r„ M lhe ,rr *T ,J,ar force of private
 will. Jhe number of this class will he
 about *2,700,000, a greater number than
 the whole population of the colonies
 in 1770. 'J be condition of the urn
jority of the claves is indeed terri
 ble. They have no rights, and are to
 be treated not as men, bat only as
 things this first principle involves
 continual violence and oppression, with
 all the subordmatctpastiealars of theif‘
 condition, which shall now be touched
 on as briefly as possible. A famous
 man said in public, that his slaves weie
 “sleek and fat;*’ the best thing he
 j could say in defence of his keeping
 men in bondage. But even this is not
 always true. Take the mass of slaves
 together, and an abundance of testi
 mony compels the conviction, that they
 are miserably clad, and suffer bitterly
 from hunger So far as food, clothing,
 and shelter are concerned, the physical
 condition of the mass of field slaves, is
 far worse* than that of comic mned crim
 inals, in the worst prison of the United
 States. House-slaves and mechanics
 in large towns fare better; they are*
 under the eye of the public. Farm
 slaves feel most the; poignant smart.
 The plantations are large, the dwell
 ings distant, the ear of the public hears
 not the oppressor’s violence. The
 horse fattens on his master’s eye,”
 says the proverb; but the farm-slaves
 art* committed mainly to overseers, the
 Swiss of Slavery, whom Mr, Wirt calls
 “the most abject, degraded, and un
 principled race.”
 Let us pass over the matter of food,
 clothing, shelter, and toil, to consider
 other features of their condition. They
 arc treated with cruelty; often branded
 w ith a red hot iron on the breast, or the
 shoulder, the arm, the forehead, or the
 cheek, though the Roman law forbade
 it fifteen centuries ago. They are dis
 figured and mutilated, now by the mad
 ness of .anger, then by the jealous
 malice of revenge, their backs and
 sides scored with the lash, or bruised
 with the “paddle,” bear marks of the
 violence needful to subdue manhood
 still smouldering in the ashes of the
 negro slave. JJrivc Nature out with
 whips and brands—she will come hack.
 These abuses can he proved from de
 scriptions of run-aways. in the news
 papers of the South.
 [to be continued.]
A VOICE FROM ENGLAND.
 The good causE is onward abroad. Man
 are the ways by which the people of the oh
 world may labor against our slave system: ar.c
 they arc not slow in finding them cut. Th&lt;
 following is from a tractive presume,by thcpei
 of Henry Richardson, one of the most con
 1 scientious and devoted friends of the slav&lt;
 with whom we ever met. Slavery agitatcc
 in any form, must serve to shorten its wicket
 reign.
 Reader we solicit your attention,
 while we bring under your notice a case
 of cruelty, in which, as a nation, we
 are deeply implicated; not intentional
 cruelty on our part, it is true, but equal
 ly oppressive in its results, and evinc
 ing, to say the least, a remarkable want
 of consideration for the feelings of oth
 ers. We allude to the consumption of
 slave-grown produce, and the conse
 quent stimulus given to slavery and the
 Slave-trade. Were the misery we thus
 occason only brought to our own doors,
 we should start from it aghast, horrified
 and self-condemned!
 To illustrate our meaning, we will
 suppose that a leading baker of the town
 'vc live in, is an unprincipled trades
 man. He is known to use dishonest
 means in obtaining his supplies—he
 keeps back the wages of his work peo
 ple—he heats and half starves his ap
 prentices—he allows them no time,
 even to go to church, or to read the Bi
 ble. Would any respectable house
 holder choose to be seen in the shop of
 such a man, while there is an honest
 baker on the other side of the street?
 Vet the lady who would not buy a loaf
 of bread manufactured under such cir
 cunistances, calls at the next shop and
 buys a pound of sugar, the production
 of which has been attended with human
 misery ten times more intolerable. She
 little thinks that to enable her to sweet
 en her daily meal the African vil
 lage may have been fired—the hor
 rors of the .middle-passage inflicted—
 human beings brought to the auction
 block find sold into interminable sla
 very, tire wife from the husband, and
 the child from the parent —the gang,
 male and female, driven to the cane
 field with a cart-whip—herded together
 at night like cattle—systematically kept
 in heathen darkness and degradation!
 Perhaps you are inclined to repudi
 ate the charge of giving encourage
 ment or support to such a wicked
 system. Let us ccine then to the proof.
 \on step into a shop, and purchase a
 pound ot sugar from some slave-colony,
 fur instance, Cuba. It may be that you
 do not know that it is slave-grown, hut
 this is no excuse; you ought to know.
 The grocer takes your (id., and retain
 ing a fraction as his profit, hands all
 the remainder to the wholesale dealer,
 the dealer hands it to the importer; the
 importer to the Cuban merchant; the
 merchant to the Slave-holder, to whom
 it becomes a premium for the mainten
 ance of Slavery. Thus a regular chan
 nel for our gold is kept open between
 the English consumer and the Cuban
 planter. It is this that steels his heart
 against the Slave, that pays the Slave
 driver, and let ds the blood-hound. It
 is not cruelty the planter loves, but gold;
 and this we give in exchange lor sugar;
 t» produce which, he flogs the Slave.—
 Verily we are guilty concerning our
 brother.”
 The remedy is simple. We do not ask
 you to give up the use of sugar, but
 merely to avoid the slave-grown article
 and use that of Jamaica, Bengal, or
 some other British possessions, where
 happily the lash is now unknown. Slave
 groun sugar is no longer shut out by a
 statute of the realm. What a noble
 spectacle it would he, and how power
 fully it would tell upon foreign nations
 to see tiiis country in advance of its
 laws,Slavery shut cut by the moral sense
 of the community?
 The Frcc-Church of Scotland has
 been blamed, and justly, fl,r receiving
 the contribution* of American Slave
 holders. Wherein did her error con
 sist?
 Ist. In taking money which had been
 unjustly obtained; being, in part, the
 profit of stolen labor.
 In the countenance given to
 'davc-hrddera, and the encouragement
consequently afforded to Slavery by tbit
 transaction.
 But if the Free-Chusch were wrong
 in taking the Slave-holders* money lor
 religious purposes, is not every man in
 England wrong, abo buys the Slave
 holders’ sugar to gratily his own appe
 tite? The sugar is obtained not less
 unjustly; the encouragement to Slavery
 is more palpable and direct; and the
 motive is as inferior, as sensual is below
 spiritual. The consequences, too, in
 the latter case, are more disastrous; for
 you encourage, not merely Slavery, but
 the African Slave-trade, that atro
 cious system, to which, according tc
 high authority, 1,000 human beings are
 sacrificed, on an average, every day
 we live. Add to this, the temptation is
 positively less; for you can have free
 labor sugar anywhere, if you only ask
 for it. What right have we to cismoi
 against the Free-Church, or even
 against Slavery itself, while we fee the
 Slave-holder by putting gold into hb
 pockets?
 Englishmen are accustomed to pride
 themselves on West India Emancipa
 tion; and it was a noble feeling which
 spent twenty millions in an act of jus
 tice. But if, after abolishing Slavery
 in our sugar islands, we transfer oui
 orders to the foreign Slave-holder
 where is the benefit? If we were de
 termined, to use the produce of Slavery
 why did we not keep the money in oui
 coffers, and continue to employ Slaves
 upon our own soil,w here we might have
 watched o’ °r their interests, instead o
 increasing the number of these in Cuba
 and leaving them to the tender mercies
 of Spanish Slave-drivers?
 To prove that the evils we refer tc
 are not imaginary, we give an abiidger
 quotation from a letter to Lord Johr
 Russell, published in the Times of Oc
 tober27th, under the signature of “Ja
 cob Omnium,” merely premising tha
 the description it contains remarkably
 agrees with that of Dr. Madden, am
 other eye-witnesses:
 I spent the beginning of this yeai
 in Cuba, with a view of ascertaining
 the preparations which were bein'
 made in that island to meet the openin',
 of our markets. To an Englishman
 coming up from Grenada and Jamaica
 the contrast between the paralysed am
 decayed aspect of the trade of thos&lt;
 colonies, and the spirit and activity
 which your measures had infused -intc
 that of the Havannah, was most dL*
 heartening.
 The town was illuminated when
 landed, in consequence of the news o
 high prices in England. Three splen
 did trains of De Rosne’s machinery
 costing 40,000 dollars each, had jus
 arrived from France, and were in pro
 cess of erection; steam engines ant
 engineers were coming over daily fron
 America; new estates were forming
 coffee plantations were being broke up
 and their feeble gangs of old peoplt
 and children, w ho had hitherto been se
 lected for that light work, were formet
 into task gangs, and hired out by th&lt;
 month to the new ingenws, then in ful
 drive.
 “It was crop time. The mills wen;
 round night and day. On every estate
 (I scarcely hope to be believed wher
 I state the fact) every slave was work
 ed under the whip eighteen hours oui
 of the twenty-four, and, in the boiling
 houses, from five to six r. m., and fron
 eleven o’clock to midnight, when hall
 the people were concluding their eight
 een hours’ work; the sound of the
 hellish lash was incessant; indeed, il
 was necessary to keep the overtaskee
 wretches aw ake.
 “The six hours during which they
 rested were spent in a barracoon— s
 strong, foul, close stye,where they wal
 lowed .without distinction of age 01
 sex.
 “There was no marrying among the
 slaves on the plantations; breeding was
 discouraged; it was cheaper and less
 troublesome to buy than to breed.—
 Religious instruction and medical aic
 were not carried out generally beyonc
 baptism and vaccination.
 Whilst at work, the slaves w r erc
 stimulated by drivers,armed with swords
 and whips, and protected by magnifi
 cent bloodhounds.
 To afford you an idea of the lighl
 in which negroes arc looked upon bv
 the Cuban planters, I will mention that
 I was present at a hiring bargain w hich
 took place between an American and
 a Frenchman, both men of unusually
 good character. The American want
 ed ten additional hands. *1 lie French
 man only wished to let eight females.
 “At last the latter said, I will teii
 you what I’ll do; I’ve a lame house
 boy he has never hern used tc
 field labor certainly, but he is a very
 spirited lad, and your mayoral may get
 a deal of work out of him if he only
 presses him a little; you shall have
 him; that will make nine; arid then
 I’ve got a magnificent wench. She
 was confined three weeks ago. I’ll
 yvean her baby at once, and she shall
 he here, fit to go to work, on Sundry.’
 The bargain was struck, the baby
 weaned, and the wench put to work.—
 Possibly your Lordship is at this mo
 ment sweetening your tea with the re
 sults of her exertions.
 The Spaniards have always been
 esteemed humane slave-owners, and 1
 have no wish to make them worse than
 they are; what 1 describe here I sate.
 1 he lex scripta of Cuba, as regards the
 negroes, indeed most humane; but
 the corruption which pervades ev
 ery branch of the public service in that
 island renders it entirely a dead letter.”
 Seeing that results so oppressive at
 tend the consumption of slave produce,
 it is surely the duty of every one who
 lavs claim to a particle of humanity or
 iiristian feeling, to abstain from it as
 much as possible. We know that in a
 country, circumstanced like this, it is
 out ot our power to avoid the produc
 tions of Slavery altogether, unless, in
 deed, we betake ourselves to the woods
 and live on roots and berries, like an
 anchorite. But decs this absolve us
 trorn giving a preference to free labor,
 whenever we have the choice? Be
 cause 1 and my household do not know
 how to avoid rubbing off a few grains
 annually of Slave-dug gold in our purs
 es, or a few ounces of Slave-grown die
 on our clothing, are we therefore justi
 fied in consuming some hundred weight*
 of Slave-grown sugar, or some scores
 of pounds of Slave-grown coffeu, while
 the same articles, in free produce, are
 within our reach?
•It has been calculated that every fee
 families who use Slave produce, iraploy
 one slave. The most serious difficulty
 we anticipate is in the article of cot
 ton, so universal in its use, and so op
 pressive in its culture. To meet this
 cam*, some progress has been made in
 obtaining Free-labor cotton from Trini
 dad, and even from America itself, un
 der proper guarantees. One cr two
 mill ow ners have been iuduced to man
 ufacture it, and the effort only waits en
 couragement and co-operation to be
 extended, and made to embrace a vari
 ety of fabrics and qualities. It is a
 significant fact, that Slaves have been
 overheard on the plantations, praying
 that cotton may be low,” so alive are
 they to the prejudicial influence of ar
 active dem&amp;ud. From this also wc
 may learn that, to encourage the growth
 of Free-labor cotton in British India
 and Australia, w ould confer a blessing
 on both hemispheres.

 AMERICAN BAPTIST FREE MIS
 SION SOCIETY.
 To the Baptists of the Vailed Slates anc
 the Friends of a Pure Gospel every
 irh ere G reeling:
 Dear Brethren and Sisters:—At
 a special meeting of the Board of Trus
 tees of the American Baptist Free Mis
 sion Society,held in Utica, N. Y., Dec
 1 15, 1847, the undersigned was invitee
 to prepare a full statement of the ori
 gin, history, designs and principles o
 the society for which they act; and la\
 it before you, through such papers a:
 he niiuht have access to, with a dcsiri
 1 to solicit your candid and praverfal at
 tendon to the reform in our henevoleni
 operations, especially in missions, whicl
 is now' rapidly progressing. We nect
 not apprise you that we have had greai
 difficulties in reaching your ear, oi
 account of the fact that the most of oui
 I denominational papers have maintainet
 a studied silence on the subject of oui
 operations, and m :st generally have
 closed their columns against our com
 inunications. While They have thus
 refused us the opportunity of speaking
 for ourselves, they have freely given t&lt;
 the winds their dark innuendoes againsi
 i us, and have expressed freely theii
 suspicions upon the motives and plans
 upon which we have acted in carrying
 forward the free missionary movement
 Still our cause has been steadily pro
 grossing, and striking its roots eleepci
 and deeper into a rich virgin soil, enjoy
 f ing the smiles of heaven, and gaining
 the unqualified favor of the true ant
 the good. We believe that our princi
 ples only need to be known to be prizec
 and loved. We have not room in this
 I communication to present fully tiie po
 i sition of the “American Baptist Mis
 i sionary Union,” from which we dissen
 on account of its aristocratic and pro
 slavery character, and shall reserve t&lt;
 another the principal facts in its brie
 I history, which stamp it with odious pe
 culiarities and anti-Baptist features.
 With reference to the Free Mission
 i ary Organization, w-e would call youi
 attention first to the history of our owr
 movements.
 I. ORIGIN' OF TIIE SOCIETY.
 This society had its origin in the
 growing anti-slavery sentiment of north
 ern churches, and in the general desire
 of anti-slavery Baptists to disconnect
 themselves from the voluntary societies
 of the denomination, which were sup
 ported in common with slaveholders;
 I and thereby become entirely separated
 from the fellowship of slavery, in the
 work of missions and general benevo
 lence. The Triennial Convention, the
 old organization of the denomination,
 was always pro-slavery to the core
 Tieenty-one years of its existence, its
 presiding officer w as a slaveholder, ant
 many ol its Board ot Managers were
 slaveholders of the first water. And
 yet its members were religiously fellow
 shipped by our Northern brethren, ant
 the known avails of slavery were read
 ily received with which to support anc
 carry forward the cause of missions
 Tiie wicked maxim of olden times
 seemed to guide the Convention ir
 relation to funds:
 Lu~ri odor b*?nus est, ex requalibct.”
 i hie smell of money is good, come whence it may.’
 In the spring of 1810, a National
 Convention ot Baptists assembled in
 the city of New York for the purpose
 of considering the connection of the
 denomination with slavery, and of in
 quiring if something could not be done
 by Baptists to relieve the benighted
 and suffering slaves oi our country,
 and to disconnect the anti-slavery por
 i tion of the denomination from a practi
 cal support of the slave system, in
 which they conceived themselves to be
 involved, through their church, and
 various associations! relations. Baptist
 anti-slavery conventions of a less im
 portant character had previously been
 held; and the Eastern Baptist, Chris
 tian Reflector, and Vermont Telegraph,
 Baptist papers, then strongly advocated
 high anti-slavery action. Many mem
 bers of the National Convention, which
 j was held at New York, in Is4o, were,
 I at that time, prepared for a new mis
 sionary organization, and earnestly
 wished its establishment. The meet
 ing, however, after putting forth two
 addresses, one to the churches of the
 North, and the other to the churches
 of the South, of a thrilling nature, ad
 journed for one year. These addresses
 I greatly alarmed the pro-slavery church
 es and ministers of the North, and the
 slave holding Baptists of the South,—
 The convention recommended the with
 drawal of felloe ship from slaveholders
 at the communion table. This action
 greatly exasperated the South. In
 1841, therefore, when the Baptist Tri
 ennial Convention met at Baltimore,
 the Southern me mbers, by means of the
 Northern pro-slavery men, many of
 them members of the old board, adopted
 a course which threw the abolitionists
 off the board, and committed tire Con
 vention, essentially, to the interests of
 slavery. The Southern members re
 joiced in the result; for they accom
 plished ail they wished. They ruhd
 the Convention
 Mach excitement followed the
 meeting of the Baptist General Con
 vention in toll. It became Apparent
 to abolitionists, generally, that a new
 organization must soon lake place, or
 the work of missions must bp aban
 doned. Early in the spring of 1842, a
 Provisional Foreign Missionary Com
mil tee was established, separate from
 the Baptist General Convention, and
 holding no connection with slarrhold
 era. A communication was opened
 with the heathen, through which our
 benefactions might flow to the benighted
 1 without being stained with the tears
 or blood of the slave.
 Its name, however, bespoke its
 I design. AH hoped the Baptist General
 j on vent ion would break off its connec
 tion with slavery; when the occasion
 for a provisional arrangement would
 cease. The anti-slavery portion of the
 denomination desired a union among
 their brethren in the work of missions,
 which had been sadlv disturbed by a
 long continued union with slaveholders.
 I Many, to be sure, from conscientious
 views ol the sinful nature of religious
 co-operation with oppressors, in bene
 j volent institutions, felt compelled to
 w ithhold their offerings from the mis
 sionary cause. Others directed their
 donations to the heathen through other
 denominations.
 Now, the Provisional Committee
 1 was instituted by the American Baptist
 Anti-Slavery Convention, as ati inci
 pient organization; provisional only—
 being designed to give place to perma
 nent society, provided the Baptist Gen
 eral Convention did not become discon
 nected from slavery. Abundant evi
 dence was given during the years
 IBl*&gt;-3, that the brethren at the hear
 of the Triennial Convention did noi
 design to change its relation to th&lt;
 South, or disconnect the missionary
 enterprise from slavery.
 “In May, therefore, of 1.84 3, the
 Free Missionary Society was formed
 I under the name of the American anr
 Foreign Baptist Missionary Society.”’
 Thi s name was changed subsequent!}
 to that of the American Baptist Fret
 Mission Society.” We were incorpo
 rated in June, IB4G, by the Legislature
 |of the State of Maine. The design n
 the society was to effect a change ir
 the denomination with relation to co
 -1 operating and fraternizing with slave
 holders in the work of missions anc
 other benevolent operations in which
 as American Baptists, we were gene
 rally engaged, and to carry out the
 commission of our blessed Lord, Gc
 j ye into all the world, and preach tin
 Gospel to every creature.” The Tri
 ennial Convention and the other pop
 ular voluntary societies were composed
 in part, of slaveholders and the apolo
 gists of slavery. In the new society r
 radical change was introduced, viz
 that the society “should be compose!
 of Baptists of acknowledged Christiai
 character, who believe that involuntary
 i slavery under all circu.astances is sin
 and treat it accordingly.”
 Tliis provision of the Constitutioi
 prevents slaveholders and their apolo
 gists, and pro-slavery men in general
 from becoming members of our society
 But they are freely admitted to mem
 bership in the American Baptist Mis
 sionary Union, which organization i
 but a continuation of the old Triennia
 Convention, with a modified name am
 Constitution.
 11. MEMBERSHIP —HOW ACQUIRED.
 Persons of the character above de
 scribed may become annual members
 by appointment of churches, or by pav
 ing on'i dollar, or for life by the pay
 ment f twenty dollars at one time
 i Should they cease to be of acknowl
 edged Christian character, they wil
 I lose their connection with the* Fret
 Mission Society. Thus does the con
 stitution guard the Christian and tho
 rough anti-slavery character of the or
 ganization.
 BOARD OF TRUSTEES.
 Seeing the common error of estab
 i lishing a large Board of Managers, ir
 most of benevolent societies, the new
 organization has established a Board oj
 Trustees, not to manage for the society
 or for themselves, hut to take care o
 and keep in trust the property of the
 friends of benevolence, and disburse
 their benefactions according to then
 will and direction. The Board is coin
 posed of the usual officers of the So
 ciety and eleven Trustees, who have
 i fong been known as the patrons o
 every benevolent enterprise. They arc
 i as follows:
 PRESIDENT,
 ELDER A. POST,
 Montrose, Pa.
 VICE-PRESIDENTS.
 Dr. J. Trevor, Win. A. Tweed Dale,
 Elder S. White, New York; Deacon
 Wm. Goding, Massachusetts; Eldei
 M. D. Miller, Vermont; Elder A. T.
 Foss, New Hampshire; J. W. Saw
 yer, 11. Hawes, Maine; George Ly
 on, Connecticut; Eleler Win. If.
 Brisbane, New Jersey Samuel
 Aaron, Pennsylvania; Elder W.
 Walker, Illinois Elder E. Mat
 thews, Wisconsin.
 TRUSTEES.
 Elders XV. Tillinghast, S. S. Hayward,
 L. It. arren, Brethren George
 Cuitis, J. 11. Sterry, L. Lawrence,
 Z. Brocket!, J. Prescott, J. T.
 Q-uaifie, J. B. Price, Isaac S. Ford.
 AUDITORS.
 A. J. Stone, Francis Childs.
 CORRESPONDING SECRETARY.
 Elder C. P. Grosvcnor, Utica, N. Y.
 RECORDING SECRETARY.
 Elder George F. Post, New Berlin, X.Y.
 treasurer.
 John N. Barbour, Boston, Mass.
 ASSISTANT TREASURER.
 George Curtiss, Utica, N. Y.
 111. MISSIONARIES HOW' APPOINTED
 AND SUPPORTED.
 The society has as yet but one for
 eign mission: that exists in the republic
 ut Ilayti. V\e have two missionary
 Eamiltcs established at Port-au-Prince,
 die capital of the Island. These fami
 lies consist of Elders \V*n. M. Jones,
 'V m. L. Judd, and the ir wives, togeth
 er with Misses P. T. Young, and E.
 L. Lake. In the heme field, the? soci
 ety is laboring efficiently. We aid, to
 die extent of our means, nrnstongi
 among the fugitives in Canada; sustain
 lecturing agents and missionaries in
 the West; and employ colporteurs in
 the work of distributing tracts and Bi
 bles. Churches, too, can transmit
 unda through the treasury of this se&gt;
 Mr Wuftß» a Strws oa Bible SWios—
eiety for the support of missionaries
 appointed by them, providing that the
 said missionaries are members of Rap.
 fist churches in good standing, and not
 slaveholders or the advocates of sla
 very. [See by-laws, art. 3d.J This
 principle recognizes the church as
 Christ's missionary body for giving the
 Gospel to “every creature/’ and,
 therefore, follows the primitive ar
 rangement.
 tv. COMPREHENSIVENESS OF OBJECTS
 AIMED AT.
 The Free Missionary Society com
 prehends all the subjects of benevol
 ence within itself. As foreign missions
 cannot tlourish without efficient home*
 operations, ours is a home society
 as well as foreign. As our mission
 aries can do nothing in the fields of
 their lal»ors without Bibles, the Free
 Missionary Society assumes the func
 tions of a Bible Institution. \v*e send
 out colporteurs for the distribution of
 tracts; hence these departments are
 provided for. Thus by comprehensive
 ness of scope and simplicity of ma
 chinery in our arrangements, we are
 seeking to accomplish by one set of
 agencies, and by one Board of Trus
 tees, the objects now resting upon
 several. Ibe object of this simphrtfv
 ot machinery and comprehensiveness
 ot design is to lessen the friction anil
 save the immense expense of agents,
 treasurers, secretaries, &amp;.c., which i*
 no inconsiderable amount in all thx?
 great societies of this land.
 V. AGGRESSIVE UPON SLAV RUT.
 The Free Missionary Society acts
 an aggressive agency upon slavery. It
 purposes to send the Gospel to the mil
 lions of American heathen in this land,
 I now in bondage, as well as to the
 heathen in other lands; and, especially,
 does it propose to apply the upturning
 principles of the Gospel to the heathen
 izing system of American slavery and
 war, that they may be destroyed “root
 land branch.” Such we believe to be
 the design of the Gospel of Jesus
 Christ.
 As a society, we do not co-operate
 I with any voluntary organization which
 fraternizes w ith slaveholders, or re
 ceives the known avails of slavcrv, with
 which to carry forward any of it's pur
 poses. W e cannct send to the heathen
 missionaries, or aid in the support of
 those now in the field, unless they ap
 ply the principles of Christianity to a/T
 the organic- and social wrongs with
 which the heathen arc oppressed, and
 proclaim the anti-sin elements of the
 Gospel. In tine, tho free missionary
 I principle comprehends a thorough sepa
 ration of Christianity from slavery, the
 giving to the world a religion of purity
 justice, and humanity, which springs
 from the liberty-inspiring and peace
 seeking blood of Jesus Christ, our Sa
 viour.
 CONCLUSION.
 Before closing permit me to state
 that the American Baptist Free Mis
 sionary Society is the only free channel
 of communication with the heathen in
 I our denomination. The American Bap
 tist Missionary Union, which has taken
 the place of the Triennial Convention,
 has adopted a constitution which admits
 j of memberships w ithout regard to chan
 acter or morality. The Union is open to
 slaveholders, and is in close fellowship
 m its operations, with the Southern'
 Baptist I riennial Convention, with
 which it cordially co-operates, by dis
 missing to it some of its missionaries,
 and by a cordial fraternization and ac
 tive co-operation in its fields of foreign
 missionary labor. The Union, at the
 j time ot the adoption ot the new consti
 refused to incorporate any or
 ganic provision which should bear tes
 timony against slavery. One amend
 inent was voted down, limiting mem
 bership to persons of acknowledged
 Christian character, who were not
 slaveholders;” also, another, limiting
 the officers “to persons who were not
 slaveholders.” These were test ques
 tions. And the Union took the pro
 slavery position from the first, and has
 followed in the train of the old Conven
 tion, hut possesses a constitution a thou
 sand times more odious and aristocratic
 than that which gave the weight of the
 fellowship of the denomination to slave
 li'-Mi rs i„ the General Convention
 v\ e cannot, therefore, unite with the
 Lmon, without surrendering the cause
 ot the slave and abandoning ike benev
 olent reforms which are now gathering
 around them the true and the good and
 are the glory of our age. Wc dare not
 ,t In tt,e lan k ,r **K« of the first ad
 dress our society put forth, I will say:
 “Our course, dear brethren, has been
 dictated by no spirit of controversy, by
 no wish to excite unnecessary divisions
 by no feeling of pride or worldly ambil
 tion. On the contrary, we are fully
 aware, that, personally, we can reap
 no benefit therefrom, but the consci
 ousness of doing right, and the reward
 tbit comes of grace. If wc know any
 thing oi our own hearts, it is because
 we love the Lord Jesus Christ, and
 w ish to be engaged in sending the gos
 pel of salvation to the destitute and the
 benighted everywhere, that we havo
 thus separated ourselves from those wo
 fine as we love our own lives. And
 we entreat you, brethren, for the sake
 of His glory who died for us, and fop
 the sake of a world sunk in covetous
 ness, oppression and idolatry—for tho
 sako of all who are perishing for tho
 lack of the bread of life, to engage
 heart and hand in this great and holy
 work.” God, even ourr God, will bless
 us, and the cause of religion and phi
 lanthropy, in which wc are engaged.
 Yours, for Freedom
 and Righteousness
 e. u. warren:
 «e„. Ag’t Am. Free Mis. Soc\
 Alba sir, Dec., IKI7. 7
 Prohibition or .Slaver*..——The
 House of Assembly of New York, re
 solved on Monday last, by a vote of 108
 to 4, that Congress ought to prohibit
 Slavery in all territory that mav he re af
 ter be acquired. Well done for New
 York.
 Slave STEAMERs.-Three large steam
 ers, says the A*. Y. Evangelist, with
 engines from 200 to 1100 horse power,
 have been filled at Bahia, S. A., for the
 •lave trade. One of them has already
 arrived on the west coast of Africa,
 where she embarked 900 slaves and es
 caped from the brig-of-w ar Sea Lark,
 by steaming away from her during a
 calm.
"
