"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 M. R/DELARY, Eorro*«.
VOL I. NO. 51.
Th« NORTH STAR to ptkUtoto ejen
 Fritof, it N*» 3ft, Baftlo Street,
 (OfpMU the An mi*.
 TERMS*.
 Two dollar* per anuuw, alamo* m mirmnr*. So
 ihMTipltoo will ho rtrtirtd for le»» «en« n
 ,ix month,.
 Advertisement* ro« exceeding wo ~nr" -rTt l
 throe limn for one Hotter; every mihseqoeut iaaer&gt;
 non, twenty-five cent*.
 Thi object of Uw North Star will be to attack
 Si.AVtit in all its form* and aspects; advocate
 HlllVlftlAl E«A!tciPATio.v; exalt the standard
 •of Pcnue Morality; promote the moral and in
 tellectual improvement of the Colored Piofle,
 and ha*ten the day of FREEDOM to the There
 Millions of our Enslaved Fellow Cocr-
 TRY Wilt.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 fj&gt; All communication* relaiinr to the bumn*s»
 utitrm of the paper, name* of subscribers, remit
 (meet, Ac., should he addressed to John Dick,
 Publisher.
 o** Aeenu, and all other* tending
 equeuM to he accurate, and give the Pow GP**’
 he County, and the Stmt*. Each Sobacriher is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 (0- Anv person tending in the payment for four
 subscribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 OQp All letter* and communication* mutt be poet
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 MassacHi’setts. —R. F. Walcutt, 21, Conihdl,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio v
 Foster. Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 t’harles H. Setli, Springfield David Rugglcs
 Northampton; H. Carpenter,l pton.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland-
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Robinson, North her-
 Connecticut. —Jonathan Leonard, New Hawn
 New Hampshire .—W eare Tappa n, B rad ford.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street James McCune Smith,93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Mary ILr
 per, A Ilian v; Elia* Doty, Maeedon; Willett* Keese,
 Peru, Clinion County; William 8. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F.’Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.— Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M'Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsl»urgli; Win. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veysburgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
PRESIDENTS IBM!
 Fellow-Citizen* of the Senate and Uoiieeof
 Repreeentalivee
 Under the benignant providence of an Almighty
 Ciod, representative* of the States and of the peo
 ple are again brought together, to deliberate for
 the public. The gratitude of the nation to the
 sovereign arbiter of all human event*, should be
 commensurate with the boundless blessings which
 we enjoy. Peace, plenty and contentment reign
 throughout our borders and our beloved country,
 and presents a sublime ami novel spectacle to the
 world.
 The troubled and unsettled condition of some of
 ihe European powers, has had a necessary ten
 dency to check and embarrass trade and depreciate
 prices throughout our commercial relations. But
 notwithstanding these causes, the United States
 with their abundant products, have felt their effects
 less severely than any other country, and all our
 great interests are still prosperous and successful.
 In reviewing the great events of the present year
 and contrasting the agitated and disturbed state
 of other countries with our own tranquil and happy
 condition, we may congratulate ourselves that we
 are the most favored people on the face of the
 earth. While other countries are struggling to
 establish free institutions under which man may
 govern himself, we are in the actual enjoyment ot
 them—a rich inheritance from our fathers, while
 the nations of Europe are convulsed and distracted
 by civil war and internal strile.we settle our politi
 cal controversies by the peaceful exercise of the
 rights of freemen j —at the ballot box. The great
 republican maxim so deeply engraved on the hearts
 of our people, that the will of the majority, consti
 tutionally expressed, shall prevail, is our sure safe
 guard against force and violence.
 It is a subject of just pride, that our fame and
 character as a nation .continues rapidly to advance
 in the estimation of the civilized world. To our
 wise and free institutions, it is to be attritaled, that
 while other nations have achieved glory ,at the price
 of suffering, distress and impoverishment of their
 people, we htfve won our honorable position in the
 midst of uninterrupted prosjierity, and ot an in
 creasing individual comfort and happiness.
 I am happy to inform you that our relations
 with all nations are friendly and pacific. Advan
 tageous treaties of commerce have been concluded
 within the last four years with New Grenada,
 Peru, the Two Sicilies, Belgium, Hanover, Ol
 denburg and Mecklenburg Schwemng.
 Pursuing our example, a more liberal commer
 cial policy has been adopted by other enlightened
 nations and our trade has been greatly enlarged
 and extended with all the governments on the
 Continent. Our relations, it is believed, are now
 on a more friendly and satisfactory fooling than
 at any former occaaion.
 To continue to occupy this proud position it is
 only necessary to continue at peace, and faithful
 ly adhere to the gTeal, fundamental principles of
 our foreign policy of non-interference with the do
 mestic concerns of other nations. We recognize
 in all nations the rights we ourselves enjoy, to
 reform their political institutions, according to their
 own will and pleasure.
 Hence we do uot look behind existing govern
 ments capable of maintaining their own authority.
 We recognize alt such as actual governments, not
 only from the dictates of true poLcy, but from a
 sacred regard for the independence of nations.—
 While this is our settled policy, it does not follow
 that we can ever be indifferent spectators of the
 progress of liberal principles. The government
 and people of the United States hailed with en
 thusiasm and delight, the establishment of the
 French Republic, aa we now hail the efforts to
 unite the States of Germany in a coigederacy, in
 many respect# similar to our own teaeral l nion.
 If the great and enlightened German fctates, oc
 cupying aa they do, a central and commanding
 position in Europe, shall succeed iu establishing
 »uch a confederated government, securing si the
 same tunc to the citizens of each State local gov
 ernments, adapted to the peculiar condition of
 each, wnb unrestricted trade and intercourse with
 each other, it will be an important era in the his
 tory of human events. Whilst it will donsolidate
 and strengthen the power of Germany, it must es
 •enUady promote the cause ol peace, commerce,
 civilization, and constitutional liberty, throughout
 Use world.
 With all the governments on tins continent, oui
 relations, it is believed, are now on a more friend
 ly and satisfactory footing than they have evei
 been at any iormer penod.
 Since the exchange of ratifications of the treaty
 ol peace with Mexico, our intercourse with the
 government of that republic has been of the most
 friendly character. The Envoy Extraordinary
 And Minister Flenipoteuiury ot the U. Staten to
 Mexico has beeu received and accredited and a
 diplomatic representative from Mexico ol sinuiai
 rank has been received and accredited by this go
 vernment. The amicable relations between the
 two countries, which had been suspended, have
 been happily restored, and are destined, I trust, to
 be long preserved. The two republics, both situ
 ated ou this cootinem, and with cotertaioou* ter
 ritories, have every motive of sympathy sod of m
 ureal to bind them together in perpetual amity
 This gratifying condition of our foreign rclaoou*
THE NORTH STAR.
render* it (onettMif for me to call your atten
 tion more specifically to them.
 It baa been my constant aim and desire to e*l
 tfrate peace and commerce with all nation*.
 Tranquility at hnma,sed peaceful relations abroad,
 constitute the tme permanent policy of oar coun
 try. War, the aconrfe of nation*, some times be
 comes inrrhaMe, bat h always to be avoided when
 it can be done consistently with the rights and
 honor of the nation.
 (&gt;ne of the moat important results of the war
 into which we were recently famed with a neigh
 boring nation is the demonstration it has afforded
 of the military strength of our country. Before
 the late war with Mexico, European and other
 foreign powers entertained imperfect and errone
 ous views of oar pbywcal strength as a nauon, and
 of our ability to prosecute war, and especially a
 war waged out of our own eooatry. They aaw
 that our standing army on the peace establishment
 did not exceed ten thousand men, accustomed,
 themselves to maintain in peace large standing ar
 mies for the protection of thrones, against their
 own subjects, u well aa against foreign enemies,
 they had not conceived that it waa possible for
 a nation without wylj an army well disciplined
 and of long aeiv«c*,to wage war aocManfally.-- J
 They held in Sow rafftte oorinmtJa and were ttr
 from regarding them as aa effective force unless
 might be for temporary defensive operations when
 it invaded on our own soil.
 The events of the late war with Mexico have
 not only undeceived them, but have removed er
 roneous impressions which have prevailed to some
 extent even among a portion of our own country
 men. That war has demonstrated that upon
 the breaking out of hostilities not anticipated, and
 for which no previous preparation had been made,
 a volunteer army of citizen soldiers equal to veter
 an troops, and in numbers equal to any emergency
 can in a abort period be brought into the field.—
 Unlike what would have occurred in many other 1
 countries, we were under no necessity of resorting
 to dralta or conscriptions. On the contrary, such
 was the number of volunteers who patriotically
 tendered their services, that the chief difficulty
 was in making selections and determining who
 should be disappointed and be compelled to remain
 at home.
 Our citjgen soldiers are unlike those drawn
 from the population of any other country. They
 are composed indiscriminately of all professions
 and pursuits; lawyers, farmers, physicians, mer
 chants, manufacturers, mechanics and laborers
 This not only among the officers, but also anion
 the private soldiers in the ranks. Our citizen sol
 diers are unlike those of any other country in oth
 er respects. They are armed, and have been ac
 customed from their youth up, to handle and use
 fire arms and a large portion of them, especially
 in the western and more newly settled states are
 expert marksmen. They are men who have a
 reputation to maintain at home by their good con
 duct i 1 the field They are intelligent, and there is
 an individuality of character which is found in the
 tanks of no ether army. In battle each private man
 as well as every officer,fights not only for his coun
 try, but for glory, and distinction among his fellow
 citizens when he shall return to civil life.
 The war with Mexico has demonstrated', not
 only the ability of the government to organize a
 numerous army upon a sudden call, but also to
 provide it with ail the munitions and necessary
 supplies with despatch/jonvenience and ease,and to
 direct its operations with efficiency. The strength
 of our institntions have been not only displayed in
 the valor and skill of our troops, engaged in active
 service in the field, but in the organization of those
 executive branches which were charged with the j
 direction and conduct of -the war. While too
 much praise cannot be bestowed upon the officers j
 and men who fought our battles, it would be un
 just to withhold from those officers necessarily sta- j
 tioned at home, who were charged with the duty j
 of furnishing the lymy, iq proper times, and in
 proper places, wiffi all the munitions of war and
 other supplies, as necessary to make efficient, the
 commendation to which they are entitled. The
 credit due to this class of officers is greater when
 it is considered that no army in ancient or modem
 timeß was ever better appoinied or provided than
 our nmiy in Mexico. Operating in an enemy’s
 country, removed two thousand miles from the
 seat of the federal government, its different corps
 spread over a vast extent of territory, hundreds and
 even thousands of miles apart from ea&lt;-h other,
 nothing short of the untiring vigilance and extra
 ordinary energy of these officers could have ena
 bled them to provide the army at all points,a nd
 in proper season, with all that was required for the
 most efficient service.
 It is but an act of justice to declare that the of
 i fleers in charge of the several executive bureaus,
 all under the immediate eye and supervision of the
 Secretary of War, performed their respective du
 ties with ability, energy and efficiency. They
 have reaped less of the glory of the war, not hav
 ing been personally exposed to its perils in battle,
 than their companions in arms but without their
 forecast, efficient aid and co-operation, those in
 i the field would not have been provided with the
 ample means they possessed of achieving for
 i themselves and their country the unfading honors
 which they have won for both.
 When all these facts are may cease
 to be a matter o‘ so much amazement abroad,
 how it happened that our noble army in Mexico,
 regulars and volunteers, were victorious upon
 every battle fearful the odds against
 them.
 The war with Mexieo has thus fully developed
 j the capacity of republican governments to prose
 cute successfully a just and necessary foreign war,
 with all the vigor usually attributed to more arbi
 trary forms of government. It has been usual for
 w'riters on public law to impute to republics a want oi
 that unity, concentration of purpose, and vigor of
 j execution, which are generally admitted to belong
 to monarchical and aristocratic forms; and this
 feature of popular government has been sup
 i, posed to display itself more particularly in the
 i conduct of a war carried on in an enemy’s
 country. The war with Great Britain in 1812,
 was to a great ex#nt confined within our own
 limits, and shed but little ligbt on this subject. But
 the war which we have just closed by an honora
 ble peace, evinces beyond all doubt, that a popular
 representative government is equal to any emer
 gency which is likely to arise in the affairs of a
 nation.
 The war m Mexico has developed most striking
 ly and conspicuously another feature in our insti
 tions. It is. that without cost to the government
 or danger to our liberties, we have in the bosom
 of our society of freemen, available in just and
 necesaary war, virtually a standing army of two
 million of armed citizen soldiers, such as fought
 the battles of Mexico.
 But our military strength does not consist alone
 in our capacity for extended and successful opera*
 tions on land. The Navy m an important arm of
 the national defence. If the services of the Navy
 were not so brilliant as those of the Army in the
 j late war with Mexico, it was because they had no
 enemy to meet on their own element. While the
 army had opportunity of performing more coiwpic
 uous service, the Navy largely participated in the
 i conduct of the war. Both branches of the service
 performed their whole duty to the country. “Foe
 j the able and gallant services of the officers and
 j men of the Navy," acting independently as well a*
 tu co-operation with our troops “in the conquest of
 t j the Californians, the capture of Vera Crux aod the
 seizure and occupation of other important poemooi
 r, on the Gulf and Pacific coast, the highest praise u
 due
 r Their vigilance and skill, rendered the most ef
 fective service in excluding munitions of war and
 r other supplies from the enemy, while they secured
 J a safe entrance for abundant supplies for our own
 l! array Our extended commerce was no where
 t j interrupted, and for this immunity from the evil
 of war, the country is indebted to the Navy,
 i i High praise is due to the officers of the several
 r bureaus, Navy Yards, and s tattoos connected with
 the service, *li under the immediate direction el
 f the Secretary ef the Navy, for the industry, fore
 1 sight and energy with which every thing was di
 i f rected and furnished to give efficiency to that
 branch of the service. The same vigilance existed
 m directing the operations of the navy aa of the
 army. Thera waa concert of aetinn and of pasyrai
 bei ween tho beetle of tho two armisn of the service
 By the orders which tune to time tawed, am
right is or NO SEX—TRUTH is of no color-god is the FATHER OF «I 8 all, and all we ark brethren.
tcski* oi war oa the Pacific ami Golf of Mexico,
 were suuonrd in proper time and proper positions
 to co-operate efficiently with the army. By thh
 means their combined power was brought to bear
 successfully oo the enemy.
 The great remits which hare hgeo developed
 and brought to light by this war, will be of im
 measurable importance in the fntare progrem oi
 our country. They will tend powerfully to pre
 serve u» from foreign colluioot, and to enable ua to
 pursue uninterruptedly our cherished policy oi
 “peace with all nation, entaoghog alliances with
 none.”
 Occupying as Sre do a more commanding posi
 tion among nation- than at any former penod, our
 duties and our re=pot»bilities to ouraelres and to
 posterity are correspondingly increased. This
 will be the more obvious when we consider the
 east additions which have recently been made to
 our territorial possession* and their great import
 ance and value.
 Within lesrf than four years the annexation of
 Texas to the Union hts been consummated, all
 conflicting title to the Oregon territory south of the
 49th degree of uoi'h latuud* being all 'hat was in
 sisted up« Lj af? f my preiS-tcewtors. has been
 adjusted, a- Mexico tnd Upper Parris ruts
 have been acquired by treaty. This area of these
 several terruories according to a report carefully
 prepared by the commissioner of the general land
 office from the most authentic information in his
 possession, and which is herewith tran«raitted,coQ
 taius one million one hundred and ninety-three
 thousand and sixiyone square miles, or seven hun
 dred and sixty-three million and fifty mine thou
 sand and forty acres, while the area of the
 remaining twenty-nine states and the territory
 not yet organized into states eastof the Rocky
 Mountains, contains two millions fifty-nin*
 thousand five Hundred and thirteen square
 miles, or thirteen hundred and eighteen millions
 one hundred and twenty-six thousand and fif
 ty-eight acres. These estimates show that tern
 tores recently acquired, and over which exclusive
 jurisdiction and dominion have been extended,con
 stitute a country more than half as large as ail
 that which was held by the United States before
 their acquisition. If Oregon be excluded from the
 estimate, there will still remain within the limits of
 Texas, New Mexico and California,eignt hundred
 and fifty-one thousand five hundrd and ninty
 eight square miles, or fi”e hundred and forty-five
 millions twelve thouaa...i seven hundred and twen
 ty acres: being an addition equal to more than one
 third of all the territory owned by the U. States
 before their acquisition and, including Oregon,
 nearly as great an extent of territory as the whole
 of Europe, Russia only excepted.
 The Mississippi, so lately the frontier of our
 country, is now only its ctntre, with the addi
 tion of the late acquisitions, the U. S. are now esti
 mated to be nearly as large as the whole of Europe.
 It is estimated by the superintendent of the coast
 survey, in accompanying report, that the extent of
 sea coast of Texas, on the Gulf of Mexico, is up
 wards of four hundred miles, of the coast of Up
 per California, on the Pacific, of nine hundred
 and seventy miles, and of Oregon, including the
 straits of Fuca, of six hundred and fifty
 king the whole extent of sea coast on the Pacific,
 one thousand six hundred and twenty miles, and
 the whole extent on both the Pacific and Gulf of
 Mexico, two thousand twenty miles. The length
 of the coast on the Atlantic, from the northern
 limits of the United States, around the capes of
 Florida to the Sabine, on the eastern boundary of
 Texas, is estimated to be three thousand one hun
 dred miles, so that the addition of sea coast, in
 cluding Oregon, is very nearly two-thirds as great
 as all we possessed before and excluding Oregon
 is an addition of 1,370 miles, being nearly
 equal to one half the extent of coaat which
 we possessed before these acquisitions. We
 have now three great maritime fronts—on the
 Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico wd the Pacific—-mak
 ing in the whole an extent of sea coast
 exceeding five thousand miles. This is the ex
 tent of the sea coast l&gt;f the United States, not in
 cluding the bays, sounds and small irregularities of
 the main shore and of the sea islands. If these
 be included, the length of the shore line of
 coast as estimated by the superintendent of the
 coast survey, in his report, would be thirty-three
 thousand and sixty-three miles.
 It would be difficult to calculate the value of
 these immense'addilionsto our territorial possession
 Texas lying contiguous to the western boundry of
 Louisiana, embracing within its limits a part ol the
 navigable tributary waters of the Mississippi, and
 an extensive sea coast could not long have remain
 ed in the hands of a foreign power without endan
 gering the peace of our south western frontier.—
 Her producers in the vicinity of the Miseissppi,
 must have sought a market through these streams
 running into and through our territory, and the
 danger of irritation and collision of intert;’!**-
 i tween Texas, as foreign state, and ourselves would
 have been imminent, while the embarrassments in
 the commercial intercourse between must
 I have been constant and unavoidable. Had Texas
 i fallen into the hands, or under the influence and
 control of a strong maritime or military foreign
 power, as she might have dooe,these dangers would
 have been still greater, they have been avoided by
 her voluntary and peaceful annexation to the
 United States. Texas from* her position, was a
 natural and almost indispensable part ot our terri
 tory. Fortunately, she has been restored to our
 i country, and now constituted one oi the states oi
 our confederation, upon an equal footing with the
 original states.” The salubrity of climate, the fer
 -1 ti ity of soil, peculiarly adapted to the production
 of some of our most valuable staple commodities,
 and her commercial advantages must soon make
 her one of our most populous states.
 New MexH*), though situated in the interior
 and without a seacost, is known to contain much
 fertile land, to abound in rich mines of the pre
 cious metals, and to be capable of sustaining a
 I large population. From ha position, it is the in
 termediate and connecting territory between our
 settlements and our possessions in Texas, and
 those on the Pacific coast.
 Upper California, irrespective of tlie vast mine
 ral wealth recently developed there, holds at this
 j day, in point of value and importance to the rest
 of the Union,the same relation that Louisiana did
 when that fine territory was acquired from France
 45 years ago. Ex tending nearly ten degree* ot
 latitude along the Pacific, and embracing the only
 safe and commodious harbors ou that coast for
 many hundred miles, with a temperate climate and
 II an extensive interior of fertile lands, it is scarcely
 possible to estimate it* wealth until it shall be
 brought under the government of our laws, and iti
 resources fully developed. From its position, ii
 must command the rich commerce of China, ol
 Asia, of the Islands of the Pacific, of Western
 Mexico, of Central Ameiics, the South American
 p Kate* and of the Russian possessions bordering or
 that Ocean. A great emporium will doubtiesi
 speedily nrise on the Californian coast, which maj
 be destined to rival in importance New Orieam
 i itself. The depot of the vast commerce which
 j must exist oo the Pacific will probably be ataooM
 1 pHn» oo the bay of San Francisco, and will occupj
 the same relation to the whole western coast o
 j that Qtorfll aa New Orleans does to the valley ol
 I the Mwawsfrr Golf of Mexico. To thii
 I I depot our numerous whale ships will resort with
 their cargoes, to trade, refit, and obtain supplies
 This of itself will largely contribute to build up i
 i city, which would soon become the centre of i
 great and rapidly increasing commerce. Bituato&lt;
 j go a sale harbor, mfficiently capaeio js for all tin
 navies as well as the marine ot the world and earn
 ventent to excellent timber for rfup building, ooram
 I! by the United States it must become our grea
 western naval depot.
 It was knows that mines of tbe precious metal
 i exsrtsd to a iQmadmhk extent in California a
 the tint- of the acquisition. Recent discoverw
 1 render it probable that these mines an more ex
 i tenors and vshsabl* than was antacqmted. TV
 f accounts of the abundance of gold in that quart*
 I are of such an axtruordioary character as wouh
 .j geaierly mf" J belief, were they sot eotrsbe.
 t rated by aoffieotir repots ofofficer*in the pobbe
 IS service, who have vmted the distncu, and do
 J nved the fact* which they detail from pemoonl ah
 serrations. Reluctant to credit the reports in gen
 era! dieulatiou,as to the quantity ofgoU, thee/
 r fc»rcsmmnodmf our femes in Cairimntn vhM
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1848.
ibe maieral (tenet in My hat, far dw pnrpoor at
 obubbf nt—&lt;« bfawiiiw on the sniject.
 Tb» report to the war department oi the icsults
 of his exam laaoon, and tbe facta obubrd w tbe
 •pot, is herewith laid before Coagreaa. When be
 visited tbe cosntry.&amp;ete were aboat faartbs—ad
 persons engaged eeßeetbig gold. There in
 every lesson to hedfcvo that tbe aaasber of peiaeos
 so employed, has since been aagnienflK Tbe ex
 plorations already asat’e, warraat tbe belief that
 the supply is very large, sad that gold is fbaad at
 various places jn sa extensive district of coantry.
 Information received from officers of the aavy
 sad other soorces, though aot oo fall sad minute,
 confirm the sccoants of the oommander of oar
 military forces in California. It appears also from
 these reports that mines of quick silver are fbaad
 in tbe vicinity of the gold region. One of them is
 now being worked, sod is believed to be among
 tbe most productive in tbe world.
 Tbe effects produced by tbe discovery of these
 rich mineral deposits, sod tbe saccess which has
 attended tbe Labor* of thoge who have resorted to
 them, have produced a surprising change in the
 state affairs in California. Labor commands a
d nil other pursuits bat of
 i smiling far tbs ydfthms metals are abaodsaed.
 Nearly the whole of the male population of the
 country have gone to the good district. Ships ar
 riving on the coast are deserted by their
 the voyages suspended for the want of sailors.—
 Our commanding officer there entertains appre
 hensions that soldiers cannot be kept in the ser
 vice without a large increase of pay. Desertions
 in his command have become frequent, and he re
 commends that those who shall withstand the
 strong temptation, and remain faithful, should be
 rewarded.
 This abundance of gold and the ail-engrossing
 pursuit of it, have already caused in California, an
 unprecedented rise in the necessaries of life.
 That we may, the, more speedily and fully avail
 ourselves M tne wealth of these
 .mines, iMs deemed dr vast importance that s
 branch of the mint of the United Stales be author
 ized to be established, at your present session, in
 California. Among other signal advantages
 which would result from such an establishment
 would be tlut of raising the gold to ils par value
 in that territory. A branch mint of the United
 States at the great commercial depot on the west
 coast, would convert into our own coin, not only
 the gold derived from our own rich mines, but al
 so the bullion ind specie which our commerce
 inay bring from the whole west coast of Central
 and South America, Tbe west coast of Ahaerica
 and the adjacent interior embrace the richest and
 best mines in Mexico, New Grenada, Central A
 merica, Cbili and Peru. The bullion and specie
 drawn from these especialy from those
 of western Mexico and Peru, to an amount in value
 of many millions of dollars, are now annually di
 verted and conveyed by the ships of Great Britain
 to her own ports, to be re-coined or used to sustain
 her national bank, and thus contribute to increase
 hor ability to command so much of the commerce
 of the world. If a branch mint be established at
 the great commercial point upon that coast, a vast
 amount of bullion and specie would flow thither to
 be recoined, and pass thence to mw-Orleans,
 New-York and other Atlantic cities. The
 amount of our constitutional currency at home will
 be greatly increased, while its circulation abroad
 would be promoted. It is well known to our mer
 chants trading to China and the west coast of
 America, that great inconvenience and loan are
 experienced from the fact that our coins are not
 current at their par value in those countries.
 The powers of Europe, far removed from the west
 coast ot America by the Atlantic ocean which inter
 venes, and by a tedious and dangerous navigation
 around tbe southern cape of the continent of Amer
 ica, can never successfully compete with the United
 States in the rich and extensive oosi raster whisk is
 open to ns at so muen less cost by tne acquirement of
 California:
 Tbe vast importance and commercial advanta
 ges of California have heretofore remained unde
 veloped by the government of the country of which
 it constituted a part. Now that this fine province
 is a part of oar country, all the states of the
 Union, and some more immediate and directly
 than others, are deeply interested in the speedy
 development of its wealth and resources. No sec
 tion of our country is more interested or will be
 more benefited, than the commercial, navigating
 and manufacturing interests of the eastern states.
 Our planting and farming interests of the Union
 will be greatly benefited by it. As our commerce
 and navigation are enlarged and extended, our ex
 ports of agricultural products and manufacturers
 will be increased and in the flew markets thus
 opened, they cannot fail to command remunera
 ting and profitable prices.
 The| cquision of Calafogoia and New Mexico,
 the settlement of the Oregon boundary, and the
 annexation of Texas extending to the Rio Grande,
 are results which combined are of greater conse
 quence and will add more to the strength and
 wealth of the nation, than any which have preced
 ed them since the adoption of the constitution.
 But to effect the great results, not only Califor
 nia, but New Mexico, must be brought under the
 control of regularly organized governments. The
 existing condition of California and of that part of
 N. Mexico lying west of the Rio Grande, and with
 out the limits of Texas, imperiously demand that
 i Congress should at its present session organize
 I territorial governments over them.
 Upon the exchange of tbe ratification ol the treaty of
 j peace with Mexico, on tbe Jtlth of May last, the tempo
 i rary govern menu which had been eUtitlitbed over Mew
 Mexleo had California by our military and naval com
 i rounder*, by virtue of the rtghu of war, ceased to de
 rive liny obligatory force from that source of uthwity
 and having been ceik-.l t» the Ceiled States, all govern
 ment and con wo! over ih.'m u tder the authority
 i of Mexico had ceu*e«t i»ex*»i. lui|**'«(Nlaiik tbeuecea
 i slty of establishing tc r utin I governments over them. I
 recommended the iubj' ct t*» ti.e favorable consideration
 of Congress, in my ommuaieutlug th* rallied
 treaty ot peace on the lid* July hut. and invoked their
 action at that session *.'o«gr*--» mourned without ma
 king any provision for toelr government. The inhabit
 ants, by the transfer &lt;&gt;i their eouniri, bid becorhe enti
 tled to tbe benefit* of our law* and c .n-utoiioe, and yet
 were left without any rvguUrly orgsuued government.
 Since that time the very limited [&lt;ower possessed by the
 executive has been exercised to preserve and protect
 them from the inevitable consequence of a slate of an
 a chy. Tbe only government which remained was that
 esubii.had by the military authorities during the war
 Regarding this U* be ade facto government, and that by
 the presumed consent of tbe inbefoteals it slight be son
 tinned temporarily, they were ■d*"****
 submit to it tor a then Intervening penod. before Con
 gress would again Miter, and could legislate npoa
 The subject. The view.entertained by U-exacutiTeoa
 tbi* point are contained in n cjoin.an.cation of the See
 re tar v of State, dated, the 7th of October last, which was
 forwarded for pubticatioa to California and New Mexico,
 ncopy of which is herewith transmuted.
 The small military force of tbe regular ar m
 which waa stationed within the limits of the ae
 qaired territories, at the close of the war, was ie-
 I I taiord in them, and additional forces have been or
 I dered there for the protection of the “habitat*.,
 and to preserve and secure the rights of the l at
 &gt;i ted States.
 No revenue has beea oc could be collected at
 i porta m California, becanae Congress faded to
 1 thorize the establishment of custom home*, sod '.be
 appointment of officers for that purpose/
 r TTa* Secretary of the Treasury by areolar fat
 f ters addressed to cote* ora of the cuswms. aa »he
 f seventh day of October last, a Copy of which
 herewith tranteitied, exercise ail the power wah
 i which be was invested by law.
 In porsuaacdof tea* of the Mb Aurte
 t extending the bewefit of oar Port Office ladte
 m the Cohfanu., thePoscmasterCeae
 1. ral has appomted two ageate, who have proceeded
 i the ooe to California sod the other to Oregon .with
 -1 authority to a»ake the oeeassary ansnfrmenta to
 C *X t iSSrEe of_ mail weamm
 ma to Astoria have beea required to Mop aod
 x and Ban Fianawo- Thom mad mama*
 netted by the
 j gmjj steamers on the Atlantic. between Ite*
 s York and Ckmgf a Kfaiar mafi
 [i T.'lewrtessna daty to famish with the least
 1 i delay fc» New-Mexieo and California
 t rrsTrt"*T orgaated territorial governments The
 tw fadars la do so at the last sterna m
 I ComßSos are wnfl knows, aad ietyky lo be regret
 Ac sfcnfaf Ptefweis rf tesesssd
 prosperity and sauenol gmamass whwh the my
 I mtisn of these nrind iiuw" tsnissrisl pow
•—boas afford, how be to forgel
 or reject throe advautagesjQJ** agitalic* of a
 datnrsrir question, which io eo-rrol with the e*»-
 teooe of oor government itrdC aod to endanger
 by internal strifes, geographical divirioos and heat
 ed cooteolß for-potkieal power, or for any other
 canar, the hammy of the ghtriooe omen of our
 confederated States; that ootoe which binda aa to
 gether as ooe people, aod which for sixty yean
 haa been oor riudd and protection against every
 danger. In the eyoa of the world aod of poa
 tehty, how trivial and inwgiiifiront will be all oar
 internal divisions and struggles compared with
 the precervatioo of the anion of the States, in all
 its vigor and with all its countless blessings. No
 patriot would foment and excite geographical aod
 seetkmal diviwona. No lover of ms country would
 deliberately calculate the vahto of the onion.-
 Future gensMhtkms would look with amusement on
 the folly of such a course. Other nations at the
 present day would look upanffl with astonishment
 —and such of them as desEe to maintain and
 perpetuate thrones, or monarchical or aristocrat!-
 cal principles, will view it with exultation and de
 light, because they will see in it theeienients of
 taction which they hope must ultimate 1&gt; overturn
 our syutom. 0«» is the great example of a free
 k if-go versed republic, commanding the admira
 tion and imitatian of all the knrers of freedom thro*-
 out the world. How solemn, therefore, is the du
 ty, and how impressive the call upon us and upon
 all parts of our country, to cultivate a patriotic
 spirit of harmony, of good fellowship, of compro
 mise, of mutual concession in the administration
 of the incomparable system of government form
 ed by oor fathers in the midst of almost insupera
 ble difficulties, and transmitted to us flrith the in
 junction that we should enjoy its blessings and
 hand it down unimpaired to those who may come
 after us.”
 In view of the high and responsible duty which
 we owe to ourselves and to mankind, I trust you
 may be able, at your present session to approach
 the adjustment of the only domestic question
 which seriously threatens or probably ever can
 threaten to disturb the hartnouy aod successful op
 eration of our system.
 The immensely valuable possessions of New-
 Mexico and California are already inhabited by a
 considerable population. Attracted by their great
 fertility, their mineral wealth, their commercial
 advantages,'and the salubrity of the climate, emi
 grants from the older States, in great numbers, are
 already preparing to seek new homes in those in
 viting regions.
 Shall the dissimilarity of the domestic institu
 tions, in th- different States, prevent us from pro
 viding for them suitable governments These
 institutions existed at the adoption of the constitu
 tion, but the obstacles which they interposed were
 overcome by that spirit of compromise which is
 now invoked. In a conflict of opinions or of in
 terests, real or imaginary, between different sec
 tions of our country, neither can justly demand all
 which it might desire to obtain. Each, in the true
 spirit of our institutions, should concede something
 to the other.
 Our gallant forces in the Mexican war, by whose
 patriotism and unparalleled deeds of arms we ob
 tained those possessions as an indemnity for our
 just demands against Mexico, were composed of
 citizens who belonged to no one State or section
 of our Union. They were men from slaveholding
 and non-slaveholding States, from the North and
 the South, and from the east and the west. They
 were all companions in arms, and fellow-citizens
 of the same common country, engaged in the same
 common cause. When prosecuting that war they
 were brethren and friends, and shared alike with
 each other, common to toils and dangers and Buffer
 ings- And now, when their work is ended, and
 when peace is restored, and they returned again
 to their home, put off the habiliments of war, take
 their ia xrieiy. Aft rosOffie tfieir ptrrwn—
 in civil life"surely a spirit of harmony and conces
 sion, and of equal regard for the rights of all sec
 tions of the Union ought to prevail in providing
 governments for the acquired territory—the fruits
 of their common services—the whole people of the
 United States and of every State contributed to
 defray the expenses of that war, and it would not
 be just for any one section to exclude another from
 all participation in the acquired territory. This
 would not be in consonance with the just system
 of government which the framers of the constitu
 tion adopted.
 The question is believed to be rather abstract
 than practical, whether Slavery ever can or would
 exist in any portion of the acquired territory, even
 if it were left to the option of the slaveholding
 States themselves. From the nature of the cli
 mate aud productions, in much the larger portion
 of h, it is certain could never exist, and in the re
 mainder the probabilities are it would not. But
 however this may be, the question, involving as it
 does, a principle of equality of rights of the sepa
 rate and several States as equal co-partners in the
 confederacy, should not be disregarded.
 In organizing governments over these territories
 no duty imposed on Coogress by the constitution
 requires that they should legislate on the subject
 of slavery, while their power to do so is not only
 seriously questioned, but denied by many of the
 soundest expounders of that instrument. Whether
 Congress shall legislate it or not, the people of the
 acquired territories, when assembled in convention
 to form state constitutions, will possess the sole and
 exclusive power to detremine for themselves,
 whether slavery shall or shall not exist within
 their limits. If Congress shall abstain from inter
 fering with the question, the people of these terri
 tories will be left free to adjust it as they may
 think proper, when they apply for admission into
 the Union. No enactment of Congrew could re
 strain the people of aoy of the soverign states of
 the Union, old or new, north or south, alavehold
 iag or non-slaveholding, from determining the
 the character of their own domestic institutions as
 they may deem wise and proper. Any and all the
 states piwsrwr this right, and Congress can not de
 prive them of it. The people of Georgia might if
 they choose, so alter their constitution as to
 abolish slavery within its limits, and the people
 •f Vermont might so alter their constitution as to
 admit «lavery within its limits. Both states would
 poasem the right; though as all know, it is not prob
 able would exert it.
 It is fortunate for the peace and harmony of the
 Union that this question is in iu nature temporary,
 and can only continue for the brief period which
 will intervene before California sod New-Mexico
 be admitted as States into the Union. From the
 tide of population now flowing into them, it is
 highly probable that this will soon occur.
 Considering the several states and the citizens of
 the several states as equals, aad entitled to equal
 righta under th* eoosQtmioa, if this were an origi
 nal question, it might well be insurfe-d oa that the
 principle of non-talerferenee is the tnia doctrine,
 aad that Congress could not, in the absence of any
 expressed grant of power interfere with (heir rela
 tive righta. Upon a great emergency, however,
 and ander miaciag dangers to the Mb
 soon eoaapvuauoe in reaped to slavery was adopted
 The same hoe waa extended farther west on the
 acqajatuon of Texas. After aa acquiescence of
 nearly thirty yean in the priaqpfe of compromise
 recognized sad cstabhritod by these nets, aad to
 •void the danger to the Uawa aad which aught
 feUow if aow disregarded, I have heretofore ex*
 pressed the aptoisa that that line of coon
 ptiTtoir should be extended on the parallel of 36
 degrees 30 —nates from the western boundary of
 Tcxm. whose it aow terminates, to the Paeiffe
 Ocean This is the middle ground of compro
 mise, spoa which the different aedioas of the Union
 may meet, aa they Ipve heretofore met. If dun
 be daae it in confidently believed a large toajaeity
 of the people of every section af ths country, how
 ever widely thru abstract opinions aa the mfcject
 af rfarsry may ddfcr, would eheofofly. aad patnoti
 catty aeqntauco m it, aad panes aad harmony would
 agam fill our borders.
 The rsarrirffeu aneth af hoe 36 degrees 30mm.
 was only yithlnd to hi the ease sf Missouri aad
 Tessa, upon too principle of umprsmise made
 oseeaawy for toe mke of pseoteviag toe harm say.
 sad pamtoiy ton eviateare af ihe Usioa
 It was apaa toast caaudcrxuaoa toot at (ha
 dona af yarn last saarisa I gave my saaetwa to
 to priariplo af toe Mi—an ci— pa nto has, by
 approving aad rigaiag the bil to etabtoh to
 '‘territorial gsnra— t af Oregon From a too
 cera desws to praorrva to harmony df the Urns,
aad r n&gt; deference tor the MO of my predeconsora. j
 I felt coaotramed to yield my acquiescence 10 the j
 extern to which they bad gone, m comprising thw
 deßrate and dangerous question. Bat if Confirm i
 •ball now reverse the dreams by which the Mi»*
 man Compromise tu affected, mod aboli propose
 to extend the restriction over thM%bole territory,
 •oath a* wed as north of the paralrli of 36 degrees
 30 min. it will cease to be a compromise, art J roust 1
 be regarded as an original question.
 If Coogrem instead of observing the coarse of non
 interference leaving the adoption of their domestic j
 lnstiiKuiKHM to the people who may inhabit these
 territories, or if, instead of extending the Missouri
 Compromise line to the Pacific, shall prefer to sob-
 rait the legal and constitutional questions which
 may arise to the decision of the judicial tribunals,
 as was proposed in a bill which passed the Senate.
 at your last session, an adjustment may be effected
 in this mode. If the whole be referred to the judi-'
 ciary, alt parts of the Union shall cheerfully acqui
 esce in the final decision of the tribunal created
 by the constitution far the settlement of all ques- I
 tions which may arise under the constitfliion. trea- 1
 tics and laws of the Union.
 Congress is earnestly invoked, for the sake of
 the I’wcn, its harmony and oo»- continued prosper-
 ity as a nation, to adjust at its present session this.
 the only dangerous question which lies n oar path
 —if not in some one of the modes suggested, in I
 some other which may be satisfactory.
 In anticipation of the establishment of regular go
 vernments over the acquired territories, a joint
 commission of officers of the army and navy has
 been ordered to proceed to the coast of California
 and Oregon for the purpose of making reconnois
 ances, and a report as to the proper sites for the e-.
 reetkm of fortifications or other defensive works on
 land, and for suitable situations tor naval stations.
 The other information which may beexpected from
 a scientific and skilful examination ot the whole face
 of the coast will be eminently useful to Congress
 when they come to consider the propriety of mak
 ing appropriations for these great national objects.
 Proper defences on land will be necessary for the
 security and protection of our possessions; and
 the establishment of navy yards, and a dock for the
 repair and construction of vessels, will be impor
 tant alike to our navy and commercial marine.—
 Without such establishments, every vessel, wheth-;
 er of the navy or of the merchant service, requir
 ing repairs, must at great expense, come round
 Cape Horn to one of the Atlantic yards tor that
 purpose; with such establishments, vessels, it is be
 lieved, may be built or repaired as cheaply in i
 California as upon the Atlantic coast. They would
 give employment to many of our enterprising ship
 builders and mechanics, and greatly facilitate and
 enlarge our commerce in the Pacific.
 As it is ascertained that mines of gold, silver, j
 copper, and qdick-silver exist in New Mexico and
 California, and that nearly all the 'ands in which
 they are found belong to the United States, it is
 deemed important to the public interest that pro- 1
 vision be made for a geological and tninera
 logical examination of these regions. Measures
 should ire adopted to preserve the mineral lands
 especially such as contain the precious metals, for
 the us*- of the United Suites, or if brought into
 market to separate them from the farming lauds,
 and dispose of them in such manner as to se-i
 cure a large return ol money to the treasury, and
 at the same time leave to the development of
 iheif wealth by indivieual proprietors and purchas-!
 era. To do this it will be necessarry to provide
 for an intermediate survey and location of the iots. j
 If Congress should deem it proper to dispose of
 the mineral land, they should be sold in small,
 quantities and at a fixed minimum price. _
 I recommend that surveyors Generals be au
 thorized to be established in New Mexico and Cal- i
 ifornia, and provision made for surveying and,
 bringing the public lands into market at the earli-,
 Indisposing of these lands I recommend that j
 the right of pre-emption he secured, and liberal
 grants made to the early emigrants who have 9et-
 tied or may settle upon them.
 It will be important to extend our revenue lawsj
 over these territories, and especially over Califor-1
 nia, at an early period. There is already a con- j
 siuerable commerce with California, and until ports J
 of entry shall be established, and collectors ap
 pointed, no revenue can be received.
 If these and other necessary and proper meas-i
 tires be adopted lor the development of the wealth!
 and resources of New-Mexico and Cahfornia, and
 regular territorial governments be established over
 them, such will probably be the rapid enlargement
 of our commerce and navigation, and such the ad
 dition to the national wealth that the present gen
 eration may live to witness the controlling com
 mercial and monetary power of the world trans-!
 ferred from London and other European enmori-
 unis to the city of New-York.
 The apprehensions which were entertained by
 eome of our statesmen in the earlier periods
 of the government, that our system was incapable
 of operating with sufficient energy and success over
 largely extended territorial limits, and that if this 1
 were attempted it would fall to pieces by its own'
 weakness, have been dissipated by our experience.
 By the division of power between the States and
 federal government, the latter is found to operate
 With as much energy in the extremes as in the cen
 ter. It is as efficient in the remotest of the thirty
 Stale* which now compose the Union, as it was in
 the thirteen Slates which formed our Constitution. 1
 Indeed it may well troubled, whether if our pre
 sent population had been confined within the liiints
 of the original thirteen States, the tendencies to j
 centralization and consolidation would not have I
 been such as to have encroached upon the essen- I
 tial reserved rights of the States, and thus to have
 made the federal government a‘widely different!
 one, practically, from what it is in tlieory, and was
 intended to be by its framers. So far from enter
 taining apprehensions of the safety of our system
 by the extension of our territory, the belief is con- 1
 fidently entertained that each new Stale gives
 strength and additional guarantee for the preserva- j
 non of the Union itself.
 In pursuance of the provisions of the 13ib article
 of the treaty of peace, friendship, limits, and set- j
 tlement with the republic of Mexico, and of the
 act of July the 2*Jrh, 1848, claims of oar citizens
 which had been already liqaidated, and decid
 ed against the Mexican republic,” amounting,
 with the interest thereon to two million twenty
 three eigti hundred and thirty-two dollars
 and fifty-one cents bate been liqaidated ami paid.
 There remain to be paid of these claim* sevmty
 tour thousand one huuJrod and ninety-two dollars
 and twenty-six cents.
 Congress at its last session having made no pro
 vision lor executing the 15th article of the treaty,
 by which the United States assumed to make natis
 faction for the unliquidated claims’* of our citi
 zens against Mexico to amounts not exceeding
 three and a quarter mutton dollars," the subject
 is again recommended to your favorable consider
 ation.
 Exchange of ratification* of the treaty with
 Mexico took place on ike 30th day of May 1848.
 Within one year after that tone, the commission
 er aad surveyor which each government stipulates
 to appoint, are required to meet “at the port of
 San Dirge, and proceed to run and mark the said
 boundary m qg whole course to the month of the
 Bio Brave depone." It will be seen from this
 provisioa that the time within which a curiums
 •toner and surveyor of the respective gumiawHi
 are to meet at San Diego will expire on the 30th
 of May. 1649. Congress, at the close of its Inst
 ururion made an appropriation W“thr expenses ol
 running and marking the boundary line bet preen
 the two eoontriee but did not fix the amount &lt;A
 salary which should be paid to rife eommtrmomm
 and surveyor to be appointed on the part of the
 United States, it is deowabie that the amount ol
 comp rum tie a which they shall receive. should be
 prenenbedjby taw. aad net kh an at preueot, u
 Mr sear ns ware adopted at the ear bent practica
 Me period In organise the, “territorial government
 of CXegna," as amhorinad by the act «f the 14&gt;l
 .of August last. The Governor and Marshal o
 the territory, aeemspanied by a mail mihtary «o&gt;
 •art, left the frontier of Missouri In September lari
 aodtook the southern route by the way of Sonta
 •ad the river Gffla to Cnßfcnriu, wfth the kiewm*
 to t Ct TWwmsa urns Adly ed
 vgptd of the great enrty tmrmk
K&gt;H* DICK. Ptr
WHOLE NO—sl.
*u the country, and it confidently brlmcdbr
 in»jr mth Oif|m n ikr latter part of the pre*-
 month, or earty m the next. The other oflfi
 cera tor the ternary have proceeded by tea
 Jn ihr month of May Lew, I communicated :n
 -iortnatioa to Congress that an Indian war had bro
 ken out m Oregon. and recommended that au
 thority bo given to nnc an adequate number ot
 volunteers to proceed without delay to the wot-
 Mice of our fellow citizens in that t-rntory *n»e
 authority to raise aoch a force not having been
 framed by Congress, aa mwui their mrvirc could
 be dispensed with in Mexico, orders were tawed
 u&gt; the regiment of mounted riflemen to proceed to
 Jefferson barracks, in Missouri, and to prepare to
 march to Oregon an soon aa the necessary provis
 ion could be made. Shortly before it was ready
 to march, it was arrested by a prorurion of the act
 passed by Congress on the last dav of the iaat m
 *ioo, which directed that all the non-corumisaioned
 otherm, musicians sad privates of that regiment
 who had been in service in Mexico should sp
 un their application be dwehargrd. The ef
 fect of the provision was to disband the rank
 and file of the regiment, and before their pla
 ces could be filled by reenute, the season had so
 far advanced that it wad laspractfoabie for it to pro
 ceed until the opening of tk. ■'ext spring.
 In the month of OeOtr iaat the
 communication was received frun 'he Governor ot
 Oregon giving information of the o*«&lt;’&lt;tuaace 0 f
 the Indian disturbance, and of the deutitute and
 defenceless condition of the inhabitant#. Orders
 were immediately transmitted to the commander
 of our squadron in the Pacific, to despatch to their
 assistance a part of the naval forces in that station,
 to furnish them with arms and ammunition, and to
 give them such aid and protection as the navy
 could afford, until the army could refch the coun
 try.
 It is the policy of humanity, and one which has
 always teen pursued by the United States, to cul
 tivate the good will of the aboriginal tribes of this
 continent and to restrain them from making war
 and indulging in excesses by mild means, rather
 than by force. That this could have been done
 with the tribes in Oregon, had that territory been
 brought under the government of our laws, at an
 earlier period and had suitable, measures been
 adopted by Congress, such as now exists in our
 intercourse with other Indian tnbes within our
 limits cannot be doubud. Indeed the immediate
 and only cause of the existing hostility of the In
 dians of Oregon, is represented to have been llie
 long delay of the United .States in making to them
 some presents, in sach articles as they wanted for
 the country now occupied by our emigrants, which
 the Indians claimed and over which they formerly
 roamed.
 This compensation had been promised to them
 by the temporaly government established in Or
 egon, but its fulfilment had been postponed from
 time to time for nearly two yean, while those who
 made it had been anxiously wailing for Congress to
 establish a territorial government over the country
 The Indians became distrustful of their good faith,
 and sought redress by plunder and massacre,which
 finally led to the present difficulties. A few thou
 sand dollars in suitable presents as a compensation
 for the country, which had been taken possession
 ofoby our citizens, would have satisfied the Indi
 ans, and have prevented the war.
 A small amount properly distributed, il is
 confidently believed, would soon restore quiet, to
 ihu ludian war our fellow chitons of Oregon,
 have been compelled to take the field iu (heir
 own defence, have performed valuable military
 rervices.aad have been subjected to expenses which
 have fallen heavily upon them. Justice demands
 that provision should be made by Congress to
 compensate them for their eervices, and to refund
 to them the expenses which they have incurred.
 I tf lenee&gt;s f*--
 to co agism, that provision be made for appoint
 ment of a sufficient number of Indian agents te
 reside amongst the different tribes of Oregon, and
 that-a small sum be appropriated loanable these
 agents to cultivate frieudly relations with them.
 If this be done, the presence of a small military
 force will be all that n necessary to keep them in
 check and preserve pesos.
 I recommend that similar provision be made
 as regards th« tribes inhabiting northern Texas,
 New Mexico California and the extensive region
 lying between our aettlemente in Missouri and
 these possessions as the most effective means of
 preserving peace upon our borders, and within the
 recently acquired territories.
 The Secretary of the Treasury will prrsent in
 his annual report, a highly satisfactory statement
 of the condition of.the finances. f
 The imports for the fiscal year ending on the
 3Uth of June last were of the value of $154,977-
 876: of which the amount exported was $21}128-
 010, leaving $133,849,866 in the country for do
 mestic use.
 The valued of the exportafor the earns price,
 was $154,033,131, consisting of domestic produc
 tions amounting to $133,904,133, sod $31,128,
 010 of foreign articles.
 The receipts in the treasury for the same period
 exclusive of loans, amounted to thirty-five million
 four hundred and thirty-six thousand seven hun
 dred and fifty dollars, and fifty-nine cents ot
 which there was derived from customs, $31,757,-
 070,.%; from sales of public lands, $3,338,6-12/81
 and .from miscellaneous and incidental sources,
 $351,037,07.
 II will be perceived that the revenue from ru«.
 toms for the leaf fiscal year exceeded by $757,-
 070 96 the estimate of the Secretary of the
 Treasury in hie last annual report; and that the
 aggregate receipts daring the same period, from
 customs, lands, and miscellaneous sources, also
 exceeded the estimate by the sum of $536,750-
 59. Indicating, however, a very near approach
 in the estimate to the actual result.
 The expenditures during the fiscal year ending
 on the3oth of Jane last, including times for the
 war, and exclusive of payments of principal soil
 interest for the public debt, were 940,811,970 03.
 Il is estimated that the receipts ioto the treasury
 for the fiscal ye-ar ending on the 30th June, 1849.
 including the balance in the treasury on the first of
 July last .will amount to the nun of 9O;
 of which $33,000 ,000 it is estimated will be deri
 ved from customs, $3,000,000 fretu the sale ot pub
 lic lands, and $1,200,000 from imecellaoeoun met
 rental sources, mcludiig the premium upou the
 loan, and the amount paid and to be paid ato the
 treasury on account of military contribution* m
 Mexico, and sales of anus and vessel* and
 other public property rendered eaoeermary for the
 use of the government by the termtflatiou of the
 war, and $20,605,435 30 from lonia already ne
 gotiated, inciodmg treasary notes funded whrh to
 gether with the balance in the treasary on (be fir»t
 of July last make the mtm estimated.
 The expenditures for the eame time including the
 necessary payment on account of the prn*c pal
 nod interact ef the public debt, and the principal
 and inter act of the first inatahnrat dee to Mexico
 on the 30th May next, and other expend,tmre
 growing out ef the war te be paid during the
 present year win smonnt--including the reim
 bursement ef treasary notes, te tbe earn of $54,-
 195,275,06; leaving an estimated balance &gt;n the
 t treasury an the first ef July, 1649, of $2,853.-
 694 84.
 The Secretary of the Treaonry will present, as
 required by law, the estimate ef the receipt* and
 expenditures for (he next fiscal year. Tne
 pmdrtarac aa antimated for that year are S3J,-
 213.198 73, including $3,799,1(8
 Urest on the public debt, and
 principal and mtereet due SnaiSoM
 May. 1690; htreg the rose ef $25,874,030 35.
 bib it is behoved wdl be ample for
 **Tha opera! wee ef the Tar#net ef 1846 here
 m the reeeipae endec it mMo the Treasury for the
 dnrieg the font 6seal year ander the Tar# act ef
 1942. ending the ot Jane, 1646. The
 ef &lt;«eoperation from the Aral of December, 1846.
 ntrtd the efoan ef the ism ganger an the 30th W
 cawcixman on recant rtsa
"
