"fulness. Mt. Goodndge, 10 addmon to other
 qualification*, ts Daguerreotype, and keeps
 fine gallery at bis fttherV dwelling, where
 he ha. hi- private study, and operate, at leis
 ure hoars. Mr R-S. Wilson, and the young
 Mewrs. Clark, *re
 »bove referred to. advise the young colored
 female* p,ace weU
 though at domestic temce they may he, now
 that the long nights of winter hare com
 menced, instead of going from place to place
 ,n search of company with whom to while
 away their evening hoar., to gather in group.j
 of foui. six or more, a. courenithcy will ad
 roli of, each leisure evening in the week, for
 the purpose of mental and moral improve
 ment. These groups each should form an
 entire class, and should consist of about six
 voting women, the nearest neighbor, to each
 other, by which arrangement they would not
 He n&lt;*ce«itated to go far from their dwelling
 places at night; who should severally meet at
 the house of either of the company, for the
 purpose of reading and studying books of use-;
 ful knowledge. It doe. not matter whether
 the place of meeting be a chamber or kitchen,
 so that th« information sought is obtained.—
 Let them meet with this understanding, avoid
 ing useless, light and frivolous conversation,
 and there is no family with whom they may j
 live, who would deny them this small though,
 laudable privilege so far from denying, they j
 would rather encourage it. 1 should advise
 them to begin with the spelling-book, the
 most approved, of course: localise good
 orthography is the foundation of all good
 scholarship and for another reason, that
 through false pude and misguided ambition, a
 great number of persons, especially among*
 our aspirants for the pulpit, commence their
 course of qualification in the classics and sci
 ences, who, when they put their hands to
 paper, are frequently unable to spell the most
 ordinary or common w ords, of whatever com
 bination of syllables. I would advise these,
 young women to commence with the spelling
 book, obtaining the most convenient assist
 ance, taking their lessons by columns, until
 they have mastered English Grammar, at
 least sufficiently to w rite sentences correctly,
 which may be done in a short time by atiy
 intelligent reader. I would recommend Ros
 well C. Smith's English Grammar, as the
 most simple and comprehensive to the young
 beginner. By the collegian and academician,
 this book may be condemned and sneered at', j
 but 1 do not care for that nevertheless. 1,
 have but one object, which is to accomplish
 certain ends, and the means, as common sense
 suggests, which will bsst accomplish those,
 ends, are the best means to lie made use of.
 Hence, I recommend this simplified grammar, 1
 because it cettainly is the best adapted to the
 comprehension of the undisciplined inind. I
 •m not of those who would only acknowledge
 Euclid” as it had been handed down from
 an Alexandrian Museum, or an “Athenian
 Grammar School,” without improvement or
 modification nay, verily, but shall judge ac
 cording to true merit, and estimate according
 to liitiinsic value—with every amendment
 and modification, let the author lie whom he
 rnny.
 Our young women can also do much in the!
 way of learning trades, which they should as
 soon as possible. Tailors, mantua-makers
 and milliners, care hut little what the color ofj
 the person is to whom they give their work
 those who work best will always be sure to
 get employment. -This much I deem it my
 duty to say, for the encouragement of our
 young women, though by the high-born, high- j
 headed mtvjuc, it nrfay be considered bad
 taste” lot an editorial letter to which I have
 but to reply, that the opinions of such per-j
 sons will not redeem our downtrodden and
 oppressed brethren in this country from de
 gradation and bondage.
 York is a handsome town of about 7,000
 inhabitants, who are very civil. Aside fiom
 the railroad, several factories and mills consti
 tute the principal sources of wealth. The
 stores and shops appear to be but depositories,
 in exchange of commodities; litt e or no cash
 seems to change hands.
 On Friday morning the 23d, 1 arrived at
 Columbia, where 1 met for the first time, the
 untiring friend and advooate of his enslaved
 fellow-countrymen, W. Brown, the St.
 Ijouis fugitive, with whom I am well pleased,
 and Isaac S. Flint, of Delaware, who pur
 chased, on the auction block under the
 hammer, sold one year for his jail-fees in
 New Cestle, our friend and brother, Sam
 uel D. Burris, imprisoned on a charge of
 aiding the escape of slaves out of the State.
 We held meetings on the afternoon and eve
 nings of this day, our ever-ready friend, W.
 \V. Brown, participating in the effort to ob
 tain subscribers to the North Star.
 Monday, the 20th, 1 held another meeting
 here, in which there was much interest mani
 fested, both in our condition and the prosperi
 ty of the paper. In Columbia reside the most
 extensive business colored men, north of Ma
 son and Dixon's line in this country. Smith
 and Whippet, the former of w hom resides in
 Philadelphia, have, exclusive of lumber
 trucks, some twenty-two of the finest freight
 cars upon the road, plying between Columbia
 and Philadelphia, transporting continually ev
 ery description of merchandize. They have
 also at present, in store, four thousand tons op
 coal, and upwards of two millions five hundred
 thousand feet of lumber in their depository,
 forming an area of about one hundred and
 fifty by five hundred feet. The perseverance
 and industry of these gentlemen, have had a
 very salutary effect ii]&gt;on the w hole colored
 population round about the neighborhood. Mr.
 Burrells, a gentleman formerly a laboring hand
 in their employ, has now some ten fine freight
 cars on the track, conducted by himself and
 sons, doing a good business; and more colored
 men can be seen employed about warehouses,
 lactones and furnaces, than in any other part
 in which 1 have been. Here, ii st£ad of
 seeking house-service, colored men, like
 seek for and obtain those employments gen
 erally discarded by them, and readily grasped
 by white men, in western Pennsylvania and
 many other places, 1 f eafced to al
 and about all the furnaces ibis section of
 country, colored men laboring side by side
 with white-—digging ore, boating coal, stand
 ing at the helm of burden boats, piling blooms,
 pigs, and the like. This is just what 1 desire
 to see, and is what will make men respected
 as men.
 Messrs. Smith aud Whippet keep
 slant]v employed some nineteen or twn.ty
 hands, chiefly colored men, besides the hauls
 tng from their extensive coal and lumber-
yard, which gives employment more or lere Hi
 every white mao who nuts a team, cart or
 drag, shout the lows. Such men as these
 truly beneficial to any community ia which
 they may live, and I would that we had more
 of them.
 You can scarcely imagine the effect it would
 have over the pro-slavery feeling in this
 slaveholding country, if, in addition to the
 few business men we bare, there were in New
 j York city, Philadelphia, Boston, eves Bal
 timore, Richmond, Norfolk, Washington city,
 and all other ports of entry where colored
 men are permitted to reside, and Buffalo,
 (which ha* one colored mercantile house,)
 Cleveland, Detroit, (which has another,)
 Milwaukee. Chicago, Ciocionst and Pitts
 burgh, and many other places, but one ship
 ping-house, wholesale or retail store, the pro
 pnetor or proprietors of wjjich were colored
 men; and one extensive mechanic of any de
 scription of trade. Such indisputable evi
 dence as this of the enterprise and industry
 of the colored roan, compared with that of
 the white, would not admit of controversy.—
 It would bear with it truths as evident as self
 existence —truths placed beyond the shadow
 jof a doubt. And this 1 hold, is precisely that
 which our capitalists should do with their
 means; if they be not qualified themselves,
 they should have their sons and daughters
 qualified for active practical business life, and
 thus invest their capital; thereby doing good
 not only to the community and the time in
 which they live, but also to the rising genera
 tion—bequeathing to posterity a legacy more
 beneficial in its tendency, by example, than
 actual wealth in dollats and cents. As it is!
 now, with but few exceptions, our fathers
 make fortunes, only to change hands at their j
 death. Heirs, it is true, they may leave to its
 enjoyment; but mostly unqualified and unac
 customed to business pursuits, there is but
 little estimate in general placed upon it by
 such |»ersons; hence, it is 90on squandered
 away in lavish profligacy, or becomes an easy
 prey to the envious and more advantageous
 rival of the unthinking colored legatee.—
 Hence, in the accumulation of fortunes by our
 fathers, it seems but an effort on their part to
 gain strength while living, which to transmit:
 to our enemies, thereby making them the J
 more powerful to oppress after their death.
 There are now hundteds of avenues to in-!
 dustry and enterprise opened to our young I
 men and capitalists, such as the West India
 and trade to the coast of Africa; all of which
 I have much to say about hereafter. It ap
 pears to me to be silly in the extreme for us
 to shut our eyes against the truth, and per
 mitting the whites to usurp these trades and
 enrich themselves, while we are standing still,
 contending about the propriety of doing it!—
 So lucrative, I am informed, has already been
 tliis trade, that in one year’s time from the
 first sailing of the African Trading Company
 Packet from Baltimore, that they found it ne
 cessary to build another vessel, and the trade
 increases at a ratio of more than one hundred
 per cent, per annum. I expect to be at the
 Pennsylvania State Convention of Colored
 Freemen, at Harrisburgb, on the 13th ult.,
 when I hope to secure some action in favor of
 t the North Star. Onr people everywhere
 should at once adopt this paper for their or
 gan, as experience has taught me that it is
 possible, in the present state of our circum-!
 stances, to support more than one efficient pa
 per in this country, devoted particularly to the
 cause of the oppressed, dependent on them
 I for support.
 j 1 should have observed that more young
 j women in York subscribed for the paper, than
 i in any country town in which I have yet been,
 i There is also in Columbia a first-iate boot and
 shoemaker, a colored gentleman, who has two
 sons, quite lads, sitting at work as steadily as
 men, each of whom is able to do good work.
 I abode while in Columbia, with our excellent
 friends, Wra. Whipper, Esq., and lady, who
 did me good service while there. v
 1 shall leave here for Chester and West
 chester, when I shall write soon again.
 Yours for God and Humanity,
 M. R. D.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 Isaac C. Kenyon, Richmond, R. I.—The Tri
 bute for tike Negro” is published, and is daily ex
 l«Ttod in this country. It may Is* had at this office,
 and at the Anti-Slavery offices in Boston and New
 York.
 James B. Brooke, Wilmington, Del.—Tlie. sub
 scription lias never lieen leccived; if \on are satis
 fied tliat it has been forwarded, tin- paper will lie
 sent.
 P. N., Olierlin, Ohio—Next week.
 j it. \V. C., Victor—Too late.
Communications.
 r
 York, Pa., Nov. ‘27th, 1848.
 Dear Douglass: —My present purpose in
 wiiting to you, is to say, that the people in
 this part of the vineyard have been invigor
 ated by a discourse, long, eloquent and argu
 mentative, by your manly and distinguished
 co-laborer, M. R. Delany.
 His subject was the present condition of the
 colored people, and he did ample justice to it,
 occupying the major part of three evenings m
 1 delivering it. Was it good l —Ls he inter
 esting are the first questions ihe curious
 will put which 1 will answer in this wise—
 i Have you heard him T If not. take the first
 opportunity to do so; and last, to persons
 lj who know anything about our people here,
 I know they are tiot very attentive to meetings
 of any kind, and to inform them that the two
 I! last evenings his audience was greatly in
 i creased, they will at once conclude he was
 I j interesting.
 I j The Dr. speaks well, clear, distinct, and to
 j the point. He commenced his address by
 t! saying that it w as not his intention to speak
 f of the cursed mstgution of slavery, with its
 crimes, woes and miseries; but he intended
 to stick to the text, and confine himself to
 1! such considerations as will make man proud
 I j of himself. He then went on to prove the
 importance of man, which was done in a
 f manner creditable as alike convincing. He
 ij then passed to a review of the present eondi
 jtion of our people, in which he dealt out
 1 some home-thrusts at our religious aspira
 i lions, not with disparagement at our truly
 1 pious notions, but of the sacrifice we make of
 our temporal duties, aad the irrational extent
 to which wc carry our religion* cues. He
 r contended, and wiaely too, that our temporal
 duties were as esaenliil to our elevation as our
 j religious ones wets to oar future happiness
tad my o«ly hope it, flat there pomti rew
 r never be loet eight of, by all who have been
 him at least. This idea of treating in God
 for everything, fond an exeellent ifiretratim
 in the anecdote of thore taro oM genilereaa
 These position* took up sB of the that eve-
 I! ning.
 r Yesterday evening, I area re unfortunate
 5j as to mire hearing all of hie discourse, bet
 r j was informed it wa* dot inferior to the one
 of the previous evenirg. He then showed
 I the difference between C hnstiauity and reti
 ijgioo. Ah! this was the trying ume, and
 mow of his audience were looking for a rash
 i attack upon religion, commonly applied but
 i when thoy were informed by him that Chris
 j tianity was likeuess unto Christ, and religion
 j only to adhere to a confession of faith, there
 was an evident recoil; quite a new field of
 thought was here suddenly opened to their
 view some struggling to resist the condo
 sioQ, found their only consolation in the
 couplet of Hoses Bigelow
 Taint a knowio’ kind o* eatlir
 Yon kin catch with mosMTCwni. M
 He allot a well-directed shaft or two at what
 are commonly called “pot -wrestler*,” foe.,
 which failed i«ot to have effect, I assure you.
 By the way, was it not opoo this subject that
 the Dr. sadly insulted some dignified gentry
 of our Quaker City, and barely escaped their
 vengeance
 Wednesday evening, as before, I was be
 lated, and just got there as he was speaking of
 the investment colored people should make in
 this country, the profitable advantages it would
 render out elevation, the esteem we would ne
 cessarily command at the hands of onr op
 i pressots, the ease with which any young
 lady could, with a little economy, purchase a
 small quantity of public land, at government
 prices, and thereby secure an investment,
 showing, too, the possibility of a sale of the
 same land at double the price paid, thus se
 curing another destderafttm.
 He also spoke of the necessity of our peo
 ple securing for their children a good educa
 tion—not that they should seek after a col
 lege course, but a good practical business:
 education; while such a course (collegiate)!
 would not b« objected to, provided it were
 j attainable, and not bent on extremes, as
 much learning makes men mad.”
 Yours for truth, M. C.

 Detroit, Dec. 6, 1848.
 Dear Sir, —One of the most important
 law-suits has been going on in this city, dur
 ing the last three weeks, which has ever been
 brought before the people of this Slate, in
 relation to the capture of fugitives from
 Southern slavery. It is not yet decided, and
 will not be perhaps for several days to come.
 We are not lawing against Kentucky alone,
 but against the combined powers of slavery.
 Detroit river is the line between us and
 Canada, and it is also the great depot of the
 j Northern underground railroad; and if the
 slaveholders are encouraged with a verdict in
 this case, they will doubtless make this point
 their slave-hunting ground.
 This day, saw a person, who is claimed
 j as a runaway slave, called upon the stand as
 l a witness in this case against his master, in
 1 the U. S. District Court of Michigan. An
 hour before the witness appeared, the Court
 j house was literally crammed with people of
 color, who knew the fugitive was to appear
 on the stand against the Kentucky slavehold
 ers. When the name of Adam Crosswaite
 was called, the court-room door was opened,
 and he walked into the witness’ stand to be
 sworn.
 The slaveholders looked with astonishment,
 for this was unexpected to them. Just at
 this moment much excitement prevailed
 among the witness’ friends, suppoing that the
 j slaveholders might attempt to pounce upon
 their prey but not a dog of them offered to
 lilt his tongue or hand to interfere, except
 the plaintiff's counsel, who himself must be
 identified with the African race, judging from
 his external appearance. He objected to Mr.
 Crosswaite's testimony, on the ground that
 j Kentucky laws do not allow a slave to testify
 against his master. Bui it was shown by the
 defendant’s counsel, that the slave laws of
 Kentucky do not extend over Michigan. So
 Mr. Crosswaite proceeded. He stated tha the
 was born in Kentucky, the slave of his own
 father, and was sold by him. He came to
 this State in 1843, and resided in the village
 of Marshall; moved thence to Canada in
 1817, where he now resides. The plaintiffs
 counsel asked witness no questions at all.—
 j At the time witness left the stand, a rush was
 made to the door with Mr. Crosswaite, by the
 colored citizens,who soon conveyed him across
 the Detroit river into Canada.
 Adam Crosswaite is a bright mulatto man,
 about forty-five years of age, and his wife is
 about fifty. The slaveholders have stated,
 under oath, in this court, that the above fa m
 ily was the property of Francis Giltner, ol
 Carroll County, Kentucky, and that they are
 runaway slaves. Frauds Troutman, Esq.,
 was sent as the agent of Mr. Gilmer, to bring
 them back into captivity. He found them in
 this State, but swears that he was prevented
 from taking them by an abolition mob. This
 is the basis upon which they’ have entered this
 suit against certain citizens of this State, for
 the sum of twenty-seven hundred dollars
 worth of property.
 Ever true to the cause of Freedom,
 1 H. 8188.
 i
 Cholera.—The British Royal College of
 i Physicians have issued a cholera circular, in
 which they distinctly say that they do not
 interdict any well prepared food, or prescribe
 any particular treatment. Want of nounah
 i mem, want of fuel and want of clothing are
 considered the greatest causes of cholera.

 Newspaper Mortality. The Lynn
 I News, under the bead of Deaths, chroniclea
 the following« “Ia thia town, the Lynn Fo
 i rum, the Free Democrat, the Lynn Tattler,
 I and the Free Soil Pickaxe-- loavffig large
 cttcles of mourning friends Lonely in life,
 in death not long divided.’
 ;j Slavery in to* District.— A bill tc
 L abolish slavery in the District of Columhia
 wiH, it is said, be offered in Congress next
 5 month, by Tbaddeus Stevens, member elect
 from Pennsylvania. —.V. Y. Ecimg.
 ti
 j ID" The North Carolina Standard has nc
 J hesitation in asserting that the contest in thal
 Stare turned mainly opoo the slavery qoe»
 H tioo; and that re many a* forty thousand
 i Whigs, and probably a thousand Democrats,
 voted for General Taylor, kuautf thry bJmoed
 J "foe would veto the Htlffaf /Was while on
 the other band the whiga, opposed Genera]
 r Cam, and Democrats foiled to vote for him,
 j l
 1
ftttekoffc T illn‘ EmkMnUm
 rtelf MiH.6, WafMt.
 Al meeting of the Edmbexgh Ladies’
 Emancipation Society, held Nov. W, IMS,
 the letter from Frederick Douglass was md;
 that iddieewd to Captain Warner on the
 •trignci of the adurn of F. D.’» ktth girl
 froftj Seward Seminary on account of
 color.
 Modi interest in both these letters wen ex
 pressed. With reference to the latter, while
 we sympathised with F. Dooglam and his
 dear little child ta her trying esdasioe from
 the Seminary, we could not but rejoice in the
 fact that but one was found, among parents
 or children, so destitute of Christian principle,
 as to object to a fellow-being, because of the
 hoe given to her by her Heavenly Father—
 by Him who was no respecter of persona,"
 and in whose sight she is as precious as any of
 his children.
 We hope the day is not far distant when i
 such unworthy distinctions will cease to Mem- j
 &gt;sh the social relations and educational estab- j
 liahments of the United States, and when man j
 shall recognize his brother man, independent
 of color, “the wide world o’er,"
 It was agreed to send a copy of this min
 ute to F. Douglass, as an expression of our
 continued remembrance, and of our interest in
 his progress and his efforts in bealf of the
 cause so dear to us.
 Signed in behalf of the Edinburgh Ladies’
 Emancipation Society.
 ELIZA WIGHAM, Sec’y.
 1
 Meeting of the Bscksetsr Grantees.
 A meeting was held on Monday evening,
 Dec. tlihj 1848, at the Union Hall, Fitz
 bugh Street, when, afler the business rela
 tive to surveying contracts was disposed of,
 the following resolutions were unanimously
 adopted
 Resolved, That the Grantees of the city cf
 Rochester respond to the voice of other reci
 pients of Gerrit Smith’s land donations, and
 publicly tender that distinguished philanthro
 pist their heartfelt thanks for his gift of
 homesteads to over 3000 colored Americans.
 Resolved, That we earnestly hope said
 lands will be occupied with all possible dis
 patch that every grantee, especially me
 chanics and farmers, will avail themselves of
 the opportunity to locate in the Freeman’s
 Horae
 Resolved, That colored Americans will
 have developed one means for their elevation,
 when they leave the subordinate offices now
 assigned them in cities, and aspire for the
 soil.
 Resolved, That our thanks be presented to
 Mr. WaitJ. Lewis, surveyor for the Gerrit
 Smith Farmers’ Association, for his valuable
 lecture delivered before us on the evening of
 the 4th inst., and commend him to the favor
 able attention of all Grantees and others
 interested.
 The above were discussed by several
 Grantees, and publication requested in the
 North Star, Ram’s Horn, Liberty Press, and
 Colored Farmer.
 EDW. W. WALKER,
 Chairman.
 WM. C. NELL, Sec.
 Rochester, Dec. 12, 1848.
 A Dark Place.—The days of mob viol
 ence are not over in Illinois. Great as has been
 the progress of some portions of the state in
 liberal sentiment, there seem to be some
 barbarous spots there yet. We learn from
 the Western Citizen that a clergyman named
 Milton Smith was recently pelted with rotten
 eggs, while preaching a sermon in McHenry
 County. As he was a stranger to the people,
 Mr. S. supposes the outrage was intended for
 the regular preacher of the place, with whom
 he had exchanged, and who had often fear
 lessly exposed the sin and infidelity of the
 corrupt pro-slavery religionists of the place.”
 It is probable the rabble were instigated by
 i these cowardly sanctimonious ruffians to their
 violence. It is thus ihat free speech and
 conscience are treated by pro-slavery piety.
 In this case the preacher resolved not to be
 driven from his post, and went on through his
 sermon and triumphed over the mobocrats.—
 Special efforts ought to be made to civilize the
 savages of McHenry County.— Penn. Free
 man.
 Abolitionism in lowa.—A slave belong
 ing to a person named Hughes,residing in St.
 Louis, Mo., escaped the other day, and was,
 traced to Bloomington, lowa, whore he had
 obtained employment as cook of the American
 House. His owner appealed to the Courts
 and arrested him, whereupon the landlord of
 the American and a number of citizens took
 part with the slave; their efforts were stoutly
 resisted by Mr. Freeman, the master's agent,
 who succeeded in retaining the boy. While
 thus engaged, Mr. Freeman was arrested by
 1 a peace officer, and taken before Justice Cloud
 to answer a charge of assault and battery uponj
 the landlord. Upon this charge he was fined j
 $2O and costs. After an investigation of his
 right to arrest the negro, in w.hich it was
 proven that the negro was a runaway, and
 that Mr. F. was duly authorized to deliver
 j him to his owner, the humane Juttice dis
 charged the boy. and decided against his be
 ingtaken. This decision was hailed with ap
 plause, the ucgin warmly congratulated by
 many persons present, and io cap the climax,
 walked arm in ami to thq American House
 with a respectable physician.—.V. 4'. Eetm
 g&amp;**-
 For California.—A company of one hun
 dred men are about embarking from this city
 lor California. Each man puts into the con
 cern from $3OO $5OO, which will be appro
 priated to the purchase of a vessel and a car
 go of goods suitable to the traffic on the
 Pacific coast. Arrived at California, a portion
 !of the company will proceed to the gold
 i region, and the balance will remain by the
 ship to dispose of fhe cargo, etc. The com-'
 i pany hold a meeting this evening, to agree on
 preliminary matters. Boston Bee, Dee. 4.
 The Slav* Case at Washington.—The
 Intelligencer of Nov. 30th, say*:—ln the
 important case of Daniel Drayton, plaintiff in
 error vs. The United States, defendeot in
 error, the argument on the part of the cora
 i plainant was commenced on Monday, by Mr.
 Hildreth, who occupied the entire day. Mr.
 j Key followed yesterday on the other side, and
 was succeeded by Mr. Bradley on the came
 side. This morning Hon. Horace Mann will
 coocludc the pleadings counsel for the
 complainant, it is expected the decision of
 the Court will be made in the course of a day
 or two.
 Changes in Life.— About five year* ago
 we saw a man light! his cigar with a twenty
 dollar note of the Fanner’s and Mechanics’
 Bank. At that ume he was full of life, and
 in the poN-wnion of real estate in the city of
 Philadelphia valued at 80,000. Alas what
 changes doth Time make—on Saturday last
 this foolish man was seen begging aims in our
 pobhe stream. He looked wretched’ was
 ghastly pale, tad miaeraWy dad.—Pentyl
 fei i
 Fossil Remains.— The Rutland (Y«) Her
 ald e* I*** 1 ih«i a hoot s even feet in length, to
 gether with a huge rib md ft fcg hoar. were
 ring from Mount Holly on the uae of tl.t Rot- J
 lard sad Burlington fsihWs, fnda, tom.
 i A both which conwponded with the above m
 i and appearance, was taken from the same
Commercial
Dbe. 14, 184 A
 Thera arthiag dstef ia either Flmr or Grate
 The dow of Chad aarigrtmu ~r,, hot
 new far the preaert, ate dm it only a retail trail
 iaFWatSd 074* 001*4 The nwk era i&lt;
 Imi order, awl tiara it tea halt Wheat aririd
 frow the ooiitnr. The price rewaaw
 wwhitee*. (tefMHim arcflHt 1M
 &lt;ht» an aeftipf at Mlk frow wages. Ote
 gratae aa before. teteer 14|e fI; park §4 Sk
 Roehnter Wholesale Prices C arrest.
 FLOUR aid MEAL—Dstv 20f t ad'ral
 Finer, pbW 300 ste
 Coro weal, p hok 90
 PROVISIONS—Derr Beef.Pork.Hwms, Races,
 Batter aad Lanl, 30 pc; Cheese 30 p e ad r*l
 Park, (new) 18 14 Of
 I to. Is hog 400 4 fid
 Beef, cert. 350 4 50
 Do. bbL (am) 7«0 0 800
 Lard (tried) fr 0-7
 Do. (leaf,) 6
 Ham*, (reaoked) 70.. 8
 Shoulder*, do. 4 8
 Wakey* P fe ..0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bash. 20
 GRAIN—Doty; *0 p r ad val
 Wheat, hath 1 6S
 Cora 4541.. SO
 Rve .30
 Oat* i 0 28
 Barley 50
 HIDES—Duty; 5 c ad val
 Slaughter S|
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pek* 12# 0 25
 SEEDS—Duty; Liaseed 10 pc; Muetard SO p
 e ad ral
 Clover
 Timothy 1 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 pc ad val
 Whitefite hbl 7 00
 Codish cwt S 00
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p bbl 1 25
 Apples, p bosh .00
 Do. dried 0 75
 Eggs, P doz ..10
 Beans, f hush 75 1 00
 Hay, p tou 10 00
 Haiti wood
 Soft Wsod
s»c rli 0 e ttt ent s.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, vit:
 Hand-bilb, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bilb of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;e.
 Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 90 cents.
 Open to the Public, from 9, A.M. to 8 P.M.
 THE ANTI-SLAVERY OFFICE Atu&gt; READ
 ING ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 some of the best Anti-Slavery, Temperance, Reli
 gious, Political and Literary Papers.
 WAIT J. LFWIS, Land Surveyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
 ('ash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 JUST received a full assortment of new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hhds. sugar of various qualities
 16 bbb Stuar’t* crushed and coffee sugar
 8 hlids Molasses
 Stuart‘s syrup, a beautiful article for table use
 16 chests Imperial Old Hyson and Young Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 1 have as choice a lot of Teas as can be (band in
 the city; pure fragrant Old llyson, superior fresh
 selected Young Hyson, and extra black. Every
 pound told will be warranted.
 Rice, Raisins, Fiuit, Spices, aud a variety of
 miscellaneous articles, too numerous to mention.'
 Pork, Lard, and Hams,
 Codfish, Mackerel, ttc. &amp;c.
 My prices shall be as low as at any establishment
 in the city, as I purchase at the lowest rates i n the
 Easte-n market, and sell for cash. Farmers, citv
 families, and dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if they can make tlieir purchases mu
 tually advantageous, as I ti 11st they can.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848- 3m49
 Frff Labor Groceries.
 IHAVE just received, and s tall keep constantly
 on hand, a good assortment of
 Broun and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coffee,
 All the products of Free Labor. Tito sc in want of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can he as
 sured of the genuineness of the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 133, Main,’corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848. 3in49
 CHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market ami Arch straets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient ami com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelpitia, Dee. 1, 1848. 3m 18
 New Watch and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE liaving changed his partnership
 relations, lias removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horiiontal ami Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold ami Silver Pencils, Spectacles ami Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelet-, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double ami
 single Hunting gold ami plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best qualm, Silver ami Sliell Comb* ami Cases,
 Fine Cutlery fcc. |te.
 The above ami a variety of «*tfar desirable Good*
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous tertn* than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep ou hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Acconleoas ami
 other Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a fowl assortment of the best
 Brass Eight-day, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done ami war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particular* at No. 11 Slate Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S-—To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, that we hate a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so ns to be able to adopt his tmsimras to its
 variations. Please call aad examine them, as every
 ought to ha*e one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. fra.
 AUBURN u 4 ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON aad after Monday, 2ld October the three Pass
 enger Rfriiw will be arranged as follows—
 Esstwabd. —To leave Rochester at 4 A.*., 11
 A.*., and 44 r.«.
 Westwabb—To leave Asfasn at th a.b., 4
 a.b-, and 4f r.M.
 Ns Train leaves Rochester Eastward on Bendey
 nr 11 A. M. or at 7fc r.M.
 No Train leaves Aten Westward on Banday,at
 a.b., nor on Muodav at 24 a.b.
 On and after the Ist Novetefar, the fore between
 Rochester aad Asharn will be f 2 20 in first dam
 ears. Tickets .11 also fas sold —*.t|— a. holder
 10 a mat in the Fmigrant cars leaviag&gt;aehe*ter at
 74 r. a., at reduced pr*«», to be published fcreaf
 ter.
 These tickets are from Rochester u» Svracase,
 Utica and Afoany aaty, going East. This tram n
 taped to ran to A fenny m 18 boars from Rochester.
 The otter two trains are timed 10 nm there at 14
 WILEY, Sepniateadert.
 Rochester, Oct, 30, 1648.
 laLr-CsiUsg uml Drenlig it
 RALPH HUNCW’. Sateen, aad* tea Each
 iriu-Jte
HOOKS. Ac., F«r Bale st the A»rt-St avkbi
 OOrnct Jcßeaimec Room, p,s
 iS
 1 Jonathan Walker
 -1 Portrait
 Mnmner «m Uarunatkatinantey ofif»tev*r&gt;-
 ’j W- Phßßmi reply to do.
 1. linglnn i/lihili.
 ®dWBJ ifeuiswl by iia eftet an Woman.
 Alan a rich variety of Faary and usefal article*
 I made by ten I ndtes* Antt-Sterery Bnciety.
 j DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 j Y wonld respectfnfty inform the chisetts of Rochestei
 I land samandteg canary, that I have removed toy
 •Gee front No. m Smith 1 Aira*le t«* my direllini
 tense No. 92Monroe Street.
 Ihsokfoi for put fovors in the bar of my profe*
 Isten, and frittering myself that 1 ran give perfect
 mtisfortinn to all who may fovur me with their pa
 irnnsgc. I would invite nil those who ace de
 (rerun* oThaviag operation* performed on the teeth m
 of having teeth nminf to rah on me amt satisfy
 inater*.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. Alt oorrationa performed hv iw &lt;m the
 teeth aad Ptetr Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13. 1848. if.
 NEW WUP FAfTOMr
 j THF. subscriber take* this method to inform the
 JL ritiaen* of Rochester aad vicinity, that he hn*
 1 test established a Pump Factory at' number 334,
 Mate street, where he will be happy to wait npna all
 who may fovor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line of
 business, he pledges himself to fiataiah as good on
 article, and of as good material, as can be procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. Hi*
 Pamps are famished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may sail customer*. He also satpplies, to order,
 every desrriptioa of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pie a* are in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 D* The above work will be famished at the
 j lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do weQ to
 j give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, Jdv 14,1848. 1y29
 I
 I
 New ii 4 Secoad-Hari Clsthiag,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOT!' would most respectfully inform
 his friend* and the Public generally, that he has
 coustantly 011 liand an excellent assortment of New
 and Second Hand Clothing, surh as Coats, Panta
 loons, Vests, Ac., with which be will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to inform the Public, that he
 attends to repairing and renovating, which he war
 rants to be done at the cheapest rate, and in the
 best aud neatest possible manner. Hp* long experi
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronise him, that his work shall be done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14,1848.
 TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 rIE first quality of article is to be had at LAING
 A BONNELf/S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, Ac., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in tlie latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. liaving had extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who sliall favor him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 3ni
 POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Clieuiicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Cue-ware, Brushes, Perfumery Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German Cliemicau, Artists’
 Colors, Brushes ami Canvass, Etheriul Oil, Gold
 Leaf aud Foil, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Being Agent* for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicine*, ami receiving the
 I same directly from the Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 f and retail, on the most favorable terms.
 1 Homoeopathic Book*, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machine*,
 j with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial Oil and Lamps, for
 j burning the same. Those who woukl consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine these
 Lamp*. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 t siciaus, Families, and others, wishing goods in the
 i above line, is requested at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Excliange Street.
 FUR AND SILK MATS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 I Caps, Ladies’ Furs and Trimmings, Buffalo Robes
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrella*, &amp;c.,
 &amp;c. &amp;c., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 {0» A usual supply of Buckskin Glove* anti
 Mitten*.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 Slate street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 j gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 j to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on die most favorable terms,
 a large stock of .Sole ami T |Hjei Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealer* will find it
 1 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purr basing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE are Agent* for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the lie*t quality is made from
 I pure spring water, very white aud smooth. A sup
 ply of New s and Book Ifaper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at .Millprices, in large or small lots.
 Aliy *i*e ami quality of Paper not on liand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers awl other* will do well to call ami exam
 -1 ine die quality and price, at N0.!6 Exchange *t.
 FISHER A Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
 NEW BfX)KS.
 i l?OR HALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 j X Cornhill
 The Lifarty Bell for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, bourn!,
 374 ct*; in paper covers, 25 ct*.
 Mr. Shack ford’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 124 ct*.
 Position aad Doties of die North, with regard la
 Slavery. By Andrew p. Peabody. 5 cts.
 Six Months at Graefeuberg. Bv Henry C. Wright.
 #l,OO.
 Dick Crof»aingshield, the assassin, aad Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. W'right. 3 cts. single; 25
 ct*. per dozen.
 CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks .mi the suiweuuent
 abobtiou of Slavery; *a faaoufal London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Arthur, dune on steel,—s
 book w hiefa could aut be imported for leas ih. three
 dollar*, can fa had at 21, Conteiß, if applied far
 immediately, at the very low price of O*l Dollar.
 cate. AW., ELLOGH-'M ON CLARKSON, by
 .Aleiarjub CRCHMELLfrat the restored price ot
 I twelve aad a half cent*.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Auoraev aad ConaaeUor
 at Law, MrtsarhnaeU* BWck.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 10, Brattle Street, haviag
 ■idt recent adtettew to hi* stock, it prepared to
 finite BOYS’ CfIOTHING, iff a* foul nmten.l
 apt fit, aad at m cheap prices, a* ran fa obtained to
 OfcritT.
 NEW ENGLAND BEfX)ND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 80, Ur tor Strict, Bo»to*.
 JOHN WRIGHT keep, rerafatly on hand a
 J great variety of New aad Heraad Hand Clsdtert.
 1 Gaade of al kutds, aaeft aa aid dateae, W.lTmoZ
 1 Watches, Boot* aad Shea*, frc., TTiThintijal foraew
 cfoshtag. Cate idviarad ra aft ktetfaf mj!
 from ore to cm* lumdaed duttarr-
 ISAAC H SNOWDEN, Book, Newspaper, awl
 LfmceJekt I’r rater, I|, Water Street.
 |«MMteL mk,t to, aad RfrMi)
1 HOME FOR REFORMER*.
 f f*HE .qhreritei has removed r&gt; that neat, two
 A nirav aad central boarriing-hoare. No. *h Central
 CsraVytere M»py mwetrame mase
 tea rnaais of Reform, at reweomtefo eharges.—
 He teWNa Hi teams to he the mural afore ra Bo*
 tea, where thefriend* of Temperance, Peace, Pmit«.
 Freedom, the Prisoner, Ac.,may meet tc«rthrT,awt
 oajojr a waafrrtsblt aad quiet home.
 Central Carat mas at 218 Washington street.
 1 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Btete,. Any. 21, IS#
 P IOMAS P. SMITH. No. Brattle Street,
 sign of the Golden Ball. New and Seeond
 hand Clothing Store.
 jTkp MiBstrh«sp|is Q«arttr!yßf vtew»
 pOMMEMTD the firet of December. 1847.
 V tofa. rvnuaar,) on the 1,« of March. Jane, awl
 swd Septemfar. h w.U fa. Verted to the intevrrt
 i pMl y *r* cuminrtoni will eadea
 I L. prn G*r field fin the mine
 u .L h 'T MM pevtamm.
 crtwlrate,! fa R. XV Kmer
 ma. 1 hreshae Parker J. BfoTcabra. a*.«e.t
 In several other gontiraiei,
 j will contain al.-ot 125 ,fa
 S 3 a year, m .sittocr.
 t C**—mteation*, oilweripttern, Ac. U
 TatkJressed to the PuMtshm,
 INJOLIDGE A WILEY.
 12, Water Street. Boston
 IJOBLRT MORRIS, Jr.. Atfornry and Coon*
 Gs, Rrasrr’* BmkJmf. State Street.
 Boston.
 JOHN D. RE\ ALEON, Hair Catting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, BWkatoae^t.
SEW YORK AIIVERTISEMEXTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, awl for *ale at the ollire of
 of the Anti Slavery Stawtard
 The 1/egion of Liherty, awl Forte «&gt;f Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 page* of close
 reading; 300 eminent authoritie*, and about sixty
 illustrative engraving*. Price 374 ct*. in mu*lia,
 and 25 cent* in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Cowiition, Influence, Right*, pnd A|ipcal of
 Women,from various author*. 12) cent*.
 Letter to the People of the United State*, loiM'hiiig
 i the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.
 pp. 120. Price 184 cent*,
 i Win. VV. Brown’* lecture licfore the Femafe A S.
 Society of Salem, Mas*. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pf&gt;. 22. I’rice 5 c*‘nt*.
 WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’* Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, \Ye*t Bnn.d
 way.
 TJINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 Broadway.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot ami Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Re|Kiiring neatly executed at the shortest
 notice aud on the most reasonable terms.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Dniggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 form his friends ami the public, tliat he mnt'inuea
 to devote every attention to those pleased to ‘favor
 hi* “home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
 WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS,
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Wai.kkr’9 Arrr.xi,, with a hrief sketch of
 his life bv Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, Garnet’s Address 10 the Slaves of the Uni
 ted States. This address was rejected by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 I send in tlieir order* early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Thr
 Past and Present Condition or the. Color
 F.D Race, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Order* attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
 General Intelligeare Offln*.
 GEO. W. fiOINES having opened an Establish
 ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 j Lonihnrri Street! above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest ami faithful domestics for those
 i who may require them, awl obtaining place* for
 such a* are qualified and in want tliereof, fags leave
 to refor to the following named gentlemen, wlw* liave
 1 kindly permitted the use of their name* as
 REFERENCES;
 Andrew M’Makiu Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the lmpiirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thou. IL Florence, Editor of Time* and keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnnt Street
 Hiiliain J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 18-18. ly—
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician ami Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, I.omhord Street, afave
 Seventh. ly—36
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEVI GOODS just rfaivetl. General redacltou
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New -tyles of Print* of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine ;uid wi.le I’ajier Mo-din*. Also Colored
 Cambric*.
 Curtain Calico. Superior line Chintz I mfaella*.
 Oil Cloths.
 Saiiwls, good ami clieap. Also on liaisl, iwi*tly at
 reduced |&gt;rices, Ginghams, various qititlities and
 style*.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Slice ling*, owl Pillow
 Muslin*.
 Mtripwi Cambric*. ‘Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain awl neatly figured, all wool
 Linen*, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannel* 4-4 good ami price low Canton flannels,
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper awl Cloths, of dr ft rent styles.
 Apron ami Furniture Check. Cottwi Handkerchief*
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuff,. Afa, Linen
 Drilling, Ur.
 Ismg ami half Hose, fine ami heavy
 Knitting Colton, various No*., bleached, brown,awl
 colored. m
 Wmhling, white ami coign*! Cotton Lajn.. Also,
 fteuiif**] I/Odf, «md Mugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grade*.
 The whole stork exclusively Free Labur Goml*.
 to which the Subscriber would invite lire attention
 of country merchants, as well a* his friends ami the
 puMk generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of tfa Free
 Produce Afluaciatiou, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment frenn time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest earner Fifth ami Cherry
 Pliilmieiphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 Free Labor Ms
 MAN! FACTURED by the Autericau Free Pro
 duce Association, aud for sale at No. 31. North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron ami Fur
 mtare; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Mwlin,
 bleached and uubleartieti, of vat urns fjoalities aad
 width; thin Mu»bn for lutings, brown and colored
 Bird Eye Towels; black ami white Waddtag*
 Lamp Wick; Bed Tickum, an ex-
 Calico, Hffickiugs, KnittiiJ Colton,
 Orders for Goods, or letter, destrum iafornmiiou.
 maybe addressed to J. Miller MeIJL, 31, North
 Filth-street, Daniel L. Miller. Tenth-street; or to
 Jmara Molt, No. 30, Chstb Aliev
 onteZT*** Uriutoaow
 lili-SUTAy o Met,
 So. 31, North Fifth Street, Phtloddfhut.
 kept
 the bramern of th* office
 McKim, QSemU
 THE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIST
 zzzzzz&amp;zrs-
 JAMES BJBjRQQKE.
"
