"Important Debatr—Blew Mexico Bit
 very.
 A Debate took place in the .Senate of the
 United States, on Wedencsday last, prowutg
 out of the presentation, by Mr. Hentou. of a
 petition of the people of New Mexico, in
 which they pray to have no lot or part in the
 peculiar institution*’* of the South. The*
 following 19 aenpy oif the petuion
 Petition of ih' people of ,W Mi.rieo, ostnn
 )Jed in conetntoon, to the Cont ent of the
 United Statu of America.
 We, the people of New Mexico, respect
 fully petition Congress for the speedy organ- S
 lzation, by law, of a tcrruotuM government
 for ns.
 We respeettuliy petition Congress to gram
 us a government purely civil in its character.
 We respectfully represent that the organic,
 md statute laws promulgated hv authority of,
 tit* l ruled States, September 2*2d, 1846, for
 the temporary civil government of New Mex
 too, a copy of which ts despatched, with some
 few alterations, would be acceptable to as.
 We desire the following offices to be filled
 by appointment of the President of the I’nited
 States, by and with the advice and consent of
 the Senate: Governor, Seenlary of State,
 I’nited States Marshal, l'nited States District
 Attorney, and Judges.
 W e desire to have all the usual rights of
 appeal from the courts of this Territory to the
 Supreme Court of the l'nited States.
 we respectfully but firmly protest against
 the dismemberment of our tenitory in favor
 of Texas, or for any cau.-t.
 We do not desire to have domestic slavery
 within onr borders; and, until the time shall
 arrive for oui admission into the I’nion as a
 State, we desire to be protected by Congress
 igainst their introduction among us.
 Wc desire a local legislature, such as is
 prf&lt;tcribed in the laws of New Mexico, Sept.
 s*2d, 184fi. subject to the usual acts of t'ott
 gress.
 We dc-ire that onr interests may be repre
 sented bv a delegate, who is to be entitled to
 have a seat upon the floor of the Congress of
 the l’nited States.
 In consideration of the fact that New Mexi
 co contains from 75,000 to 100,000 souls, we
 believe that wf. have made no unreasonable
 request; and wc confidently roly upon Con
 gress to provide for us laws as lilieral ns nnv
 enjoyed by any of the Territories.
 Santa Fe. Oct 14th, 1818.
 (Signed) JOSF. MARTINI./..
 J. M. Biddings, Secretary, and others.
 Mr. Menton moved that the petition he
 printed and referred to the Committer*, on
 Territories. 1 pon this motion a very ani
 mated dehate, seasoned slightly with person
 alities, sprang up. Mr. Beuton’said
 I brought this petition up in a manner
 which, if it was not the most judicious, was
 certainly so in my opinion, to avoid having
 one single word said about it at this time. It
 presents questions which will occupy, sir,
 much of our consideration, when wc arrive at
 them in their regular order, andtphere is no
 necessity of taking them up by wav of anti
 cipation. I did nut even make the statement
 of the contents of the petition, because that
 statement might be inure or less productive
 of debate. 1 asked to have it read, and it
 was read. 1 asked that it should be pliuted
 and referred, not making one word of remark.
 All this was doing just as little as could be
 done to comply with the parliamentary
 forms.
 Mut, sir. it has been assaiied, ami epithets
 applied to it. The Senat &gt;r from South
 Carolina has said it was natural for me to
 think of that petition as 1 do, and natural for
 him to think of it as he did. Well, sir, the
 only opinion that 1 expressed about it was,
 that it was a petition of right, and respectfully
 worded and presented that those petitioners
 were not subject to the imputation of insolence
 for presenting it. And now, sir, since it has
 been persevered in, 1 will 6ay tliai the only
 part of that petition to w hich the term inso
 lent” applies, in the opinion of the gentleman
 from South Carolina, is that part which re
 lates to the subject of slavery. I will say
 that (perhaps without knowing it) these pe
 titioners have used the very words of the
 General Assembly of Virginia to George 11!.
 before the breaking out of the American rev
 olution. And though George 111. did not
 grant that petition, yet I never heard that he
 said it was insolence in the General Assembly
 of Virginia to present it.
 Mr. Calhoun replied
 Mr. President, I made no charge as to the
 manner in which the petition was presented.
 My objection, sir was to the petition itself.
 The Senator sees in that petition no disre
 spect to the people of one-half the States ol
 this Union. I see the greatest disrespect to
 the people of the South. He endeavors to
 assimilate it to the base of the General As
 sembly of Virginia and George 111. The
 ease, sir, is antagonistic. It bears no com
 parison. Mut 1 will not undertake at this
 time to point out the difference. Sir, the
 Southern States claim the right, order the
 constitution of our country, to go into any
 portion of the territory conquered by the arms
 of the United States, and especially by troops
 drawn from that portion of the country; and
 l think that to pray that vve shall be excluded
 from it, is the height of insolence, though
 thu Senntor from Missouri docs not perceive
 it but that is no fault of mine.
 Mr. Clayton, after explaining the part ho
 had taken in regard to the presentation of the
 petition, on consultation with Mr. Benton,
 defined his position after this fashion
 Mr. President, I deprecate any discussion
 upon the two questions which are most calcu
 lated to excite any discussion while the peti
 tion is in this preliminary stage—the question
 whether slavery shall be restricted in that
 Territory, and the question whether the limits
 of the Territory shall boon this side of the
 Mio Grande, or whether they shall stop with
 the rivet. These mattets may be appropri
 ately discussed when the committee to which
 the petition will be referred can make their
 re|&gt;ort and state propositions distinctly for the
 consideration ot the American Senate. Mut
 now, fcir, there is no question before the
 Senate. A debate upon the matter can only
 have the effect to prejudge the claims of the
 petitioners to have a civil government. My
 views u|wm one great question stated in the
 memorial aic perfectly well kuown to the
 Senator from Suutli Carolina and to the Sen
 ator from Florida. ]do submit to ihe gentle
 man from South Carolina that, upon full
 consideration, he will reconsider the charge ot
 insolence. It h means that the petition is
 disrespectful, he is greatly mistaken, as 1
 think.—lt it is insolent, it ot coutsc must be
 di-respectful; and if it is disrespectful to onc
 half of the Senators upon this floor if it ts
 disrespectful to any (Kirtion of ihe Senatoib!
 upon this floor—it ought not to be received
 much less to be referred and printed. But it
 is not; there is not a word ol it calculated to
 excitaany such feeling. These gentlemen
 say they are opposed to the introduction of
 slavery. New, whether they are abolitionists,
 or whatever they are, they have a right to
 asy thgl—hive they not j Why, sir, if a
 petition was sent here, claiming to be signed
 by some fifteen* gentlemen who desired that
 slaves Should be introduced there, would any
 gentleman rise and say that it was desresnect
 ful to one-half the Senate, or to onc-half the
 country—to the great North, which has
 claimed through the whole campaign that
 there—shall b* no slavery either in California
 or in New Mexico
 Mr. President, l sought to discharge toy
 duty merely by stating my disposition to give
 that people a form of cml govermnoot. lj
 regret that any observation should haw fallen
 from any quarter caleo ated to injure the
 great cause of the petitioners, who claim that
 a civil government shall be ex‘»ndfd over
 them. I hope, sir, that, without further op*!
 position, (if there bad been any opposition,)
 rhe memorial will be printed.j
Mr. Hale spoke more lo the poitt. H***
 is the conclusion of hb speech
 ThK sir. i« a petition asking legislation
 upon a m.nt serious subject— a subject upon
 iuclt the honorable senator from Mississippi
 Ins well *atd that the public mind has been
 trreatlv agitated, and upon which it will cue*
 iimio to bo agitated until the question is defin
 itively sftthd —not compromised. I do not
 Mievc that compromise will meet the case
 but it must be settled, and settled upon prm
 ci[&gt;le; and it i« just as well to meet it here as
 at auy time. 1 hope, sir, that those who
 believe that ti.e people of that country are
 entitled to a government "til be prepared to
 give a vote upon this question, and to give it
 now.
 ivories, sir. this question is put upon the
 democratic platform—upon the platform ol
 of the Nicholson letter. That, sff, laid down
 the doctrine that the matter should be left to
 the j»er.plc of the country. Now, eir, the
 people have spoken. They have probably
 read the Nicholson lettor, sod have thtwgbt
 that Congress in its progressive march bad
 got up to the step indicated by that letter.
 They may also have heard that there is a
 change going on in the public mind. Of this,
 however, not heme certain, they have come
 here upon the Nicholson letter, and have
 pct.tioned f**r su&lt;-h a government as they
 desire. Though the election has proved dis
 astrous to the man who built the platform, yet
 it.- principles arc not so entirely abolished but
 that they might appeal to the man who built
 the platform to stand by it, now that ii has for
 the first tunc a practical and efficient meaning.
 They have come here in the very spirit of the
 Nicholson letter, and hare asked that we
 would ghe them the first dose of the Nichol
 son r.i dicine; and shall we refuse it’ flfhail
 we, who have been fighting this great battle
 upon this platform, now that the question u&gt;
 put to the test, kick over the platform upon
 which we have stood, and upon which we
 have fought so manfuiiy No sir, I trust not,
 but I hope that all those who believe that
 the Ntclnlson lettei contained the true doc
 trine, that there has not been a
 change in those things, will come up and
 vote lor a government for this people, which
 they asked for with so much confidence al
 though they would have asked for it with still
 more confidence it the author of this Nichol
 son letter had been placed at the head of the
 government. I hojte, sir, that the memorial
 l»o referred, with instructions to the committee
 to report a bill in accordance with the prayer
 of the petitioners.
 I pon the question of printing the petition,
 a vote was taken with the following result
 YEAS.—Messrs Allen, Atchison, Ather
 ton, Badger. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury,
 Breese, Bottler, Cameron, Clarke, Clayton,
 Corwin, Dayton, Dickinson, D:x, Dodge,
 Douglass. Belch, Fitzgerald, Hale, Hamlin,
 Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
 Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Spruance,
 •Sturgeon, FmJcnvt'od, Fphain, and Walkei
 NAYS—Messrs. Berrien, Borland, Cal
 houn, Davis of Mississnpt, Downs, Fitzpat
 rick. Foote, Houston, Hunter, King, Busk,
 Tuiney. Westcott, and Yulec.—l4.
 So the memorial was ordered to Ufc printed.
 The question being then put upon the refer
 ence, it was referred to the Committee on
 Territories.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, DECEMBER 23, 1848.
 The First Volume of the North Star
 Completed.
 ll is with some degree of complacency that
 we make the above annoucement. Persons
 j unacquainted with the expense, difficulties and
 hardships to be encountered and endured by
 one who undertakes to establish a large
 I weekly periodical, Id ..noted to an unpopulai
 cause, with few friends, small capital, and
 smaller experience, can but poorly appreciate
 the satisfaction which we feci in even the
 limiteJ success implied in this announcement,
 Those only who have attempted similar expo
 ritnents, can either comprehend our labors, oi
 penetrate the pleasure of this partial toward,
 The first volume of the North Star is com
 pleted. It has lived through one year—has
 made its appearance regularly—has not missed
 a single Friday morning since the day of its
 publication—those who subscribed at its com
 mencement have not lost their money by the
 going down" of the paper. Our pledge
 that the paper should live one year, is re
 deemed. Those who refused to subscribe for
 it on the ground that the paper would not be
 sustained, have thus far been reproved for
 their w ant of faith and unwillingness to hazard
 something in a good cause, and we trust have
 been taught to act more w isely and generously
 in time to come. The feasibility of the un
 dertaking has been quite fairly demonstrated,
 and the utility of the existence of such a pa
 per has been established. For all this we feel
 sincerely thankful.
 Of the character of the paper thus far, we
 need say but little our readers can judge ol
 that perhaps better than ourselves. That it
 has not been all that was desired or expected,
 there can he no doubt. Many imperfections
 might be easily pointed out,both in the manner
 and the matter of it. We brought to it only
 that which we had, and all that we had—very
 little to bo sure, but the best could do no more.
 In conducting the paper, wc have aimed to
 make it a terror to evil-doers, and a praise to
 those w ho do well—never in any case shun
 ning to speak the whole truth, or shaping our
 words to gain the favor of any whose friend
 ship is to be gained by concessions to either
 their dptu wickedness or their neglect of the
 cause of righteous liberty. We have spoken
 without the fear of man before our eyes. At
 all times trying to place ourselves in the posi
 tion of the outraged slave, wc have striven t«.
 sec and to feel the injustice done him as doae
 unto ourselves, and have thought and spoken
 accordingly. On this point we have nothing
 to regret, unless it be that the poverty of our
 language and the want of skill in the use of it.
 have rendered us unable to convey a just im
 pression ot the foul treachery and ruinous
 wrongs’’ under which we. as a people, groat
 from day to day. Deeply devoted to the cau*
 of the fettered bondman at the South, we
 have not been unmindful of the rights and in
 terests ot our disfranchised and oppressed
 brethren at the North. While vindicating
 then rights, w c hate not spared their errors,
 or neglected to point out to them,so far sew*
 could see, the true pathway from ignorance u
 intelligence, and from degradation to respect
 ability. At all times commending the faithfu
 amongst us, and rebuking the recreant, en
 couraging what was good, and opposing wba'
 was bad. hstever may be the complaint
 which may be urged against the editorial de-,,
 panment with respect to its moral tone, at tb*
 bar of our own conscience we sund acquitted.
 Our faults hue, if any there be, have reseller'
 from the head and not from the bean. In ad
 mitting that tho paper has not been regq
 larly supplied frum week to week with well-
 Jigested editorial matt r, it is but just to add.
 n extenuation, thtt we have beencojqpsUed
d'inrg net Hr one half of the year to be ii
 the lecturing field, instead of the editoria
 chair; and this excuse, good as itis, ao read
 i of the North Star canmete ardently de*
 sire to be removed than ourselves. Tt
 combine the duties of th lecturer with iboai
 of the editor, is a task not easily accom
 plished. The roan who can iravel and rnakt
 speeches half the year and edit a Urge weekly
 newspaper at the same time, has a vigor ot
 intellect and a steadiness of nerve to wbicfc
 we lay no claim. Those there may be wb
 can do it—we cannot. We do not, however
 regret the attempt. The experience derived
 from it is most valuable, and a satisfactory
 compensation.
 Now to*the future. Shall the North Stsi
 i continue to sbioirupon the ranks of freedom'!
 advancing hosts Shall it be sustained 1 u
 shall it go down 1 Sorry are we to say it,
 and yet duty requires us so to do, we have nc
 golden or enthusiastic holies to present ir
 answer to the foregoing questions. That *t
 desire its continuance, no one can doubt wh«
 has witnessed our endeavors to have it sub
 tamed but that it shall be continued, most be
 answered by others. A newspaper cannoi
 live by sympathy alone. It depends for it*
 existence upon something more substantial—
 it must Jive by money. Money, got either
 from subscribers or friends—either sttbscrij
 lions or donation*, must be its support. In
 the absence of these, no periodical car long
 survive, unless its proprietors arc disposed t&lt;&gt;
 run in debt; and this we are resolved not tt
 do. To do so, would be a felony. If tht
 North Star is sustained, it must be done ot
 j cash terms —it must not be done by running it
 debt, the failure to pay which would even bt
 1 more disastrous to the cause of the oppressed
 than would result from the abandonment o
 the paper, great as the latter disaster may ap
 pear. If slaveholders and their guilty com
 panions would grin in fiendish derision at tht
 failure of the paper, they would do mort
 should we quit the field dishonorably. But it
 1 the question—Shall the North Star he con
 j tinued It may be, and ought to be, andean
 be and it would be a great shame to the fret
 colored people and their friends for it not t«
 be. The paper has now some reputation it?
 existence is not an obscure fact. The peo
 ple of this country, North and South, art
 aware of its existence. Its columns are widely
 quoted from by the press, both anti-slavery
 and pro-slavery—the former with approbatioi
 i —the latter with opposition, warmed intr
 i life by a mean and malignant prejudice. The
 paper is extensively known in Europe; iu
 j establishment was hailed, and continues to bt
 hailed, a 9 a sign of life and hope to million*
 of our enslaved and oppressed fellow-country
 men. Its friends arc on both sides of the At
 lantic and sltquld it fall from the mora
 i sk v, it would be trussed and regretted by many
 dear friends, whus\ only wish is, that thf
 cause of righteousness may triumph, and tha
 our long-abused and neglected people may
 enjoy the rights which a benevolent Creatoi
 designed them to possess w hile on the ollie
 hand, the enemies of human brotherhood—
 the haters of human freedom—the slanderer
 of our race, might well take courage, am
 cry, Aha! aha! aha! we told you
 these negroes are after all an inferior people
 and that inferiority w ill show itself even whei
 j they aro surrounded by the must favorable in
 fluences for improvement.” We tremble at thi
 i reproach which would fall upon us, shouli
 i tins effort fail. It ought not to be—it mus
 not be and so far us our efforts can prevent
 shall not be. No; the North Star must con
 tinue to twinkle in the anti-slavery firmament
 j We therelore call upon our old subscribers
 j one bv one, male and female, old and young
 all together, at once to renew their subscrip
 tions, and do their beat to have their neigh
 bora do the same, and the North Star wll
 continue to shine, to cheer the hearts of iti
 friends, and to annoy and disappoint its eng
 mies.
 We cannot close this article without referr
 ing to the history of tbs commencement of this
 i paper, and the motives which induced us t&lt;
 aitempt its establishment. The idea onginatet
 with us while in England, two years ago.—
 We thought then, as we certainly think now,
 j that a weekly newspaper, of large size, undei
 the editorial management of colored persons
 devoted to the interest of the oppressed anc
 i proscribed of the land, conducted with a re
 spectable degree of talent, would be a mosi
 i useful instrumentality against slavery at tht
 South, a complete contradiction of the chargt
 of natutal inferiority universally prelerrec
 against us at the North, and a powerful in
 strumentality lor the removal of the malignam
 prejudice by w hich w e are continually assailed
 all over the land. This idea we mentioned tt
 a few devoted friends of the slave in New
 castle-upon-Tyne and in Carlisle. Pleased
 with the suggestion, and earnestly desirous
 of doing anything consistent with Christianity
 towards overthrowing the unrighteous system
 I of human |*&gt;ndage, these dear friends, with
 the zeal and earnestness of pure, disinterested
 I b nevolence, at once set about the work oi
 trying to raise a sum of money large enough
 to furnish an office dfti a press and printing
 j materials, is be put st our service. Theit
 noble t-fforts w ere soon crow ned w ith complete
 success. More thau two thousand dollars
 were raised, and placed at our disposal, to be
 used in that way which, in our judgment,
 would best promote tit* emancipation, im
 -1 provement and elevation of the oppressed and
 i disfranchised of this laud. Finding ourselves
 thus providentially in possession of the means
 of commencing the publication of a paper,
 though strongly persuaded against the meas
 ure by dear frier ds in this country impelled
 by a sense of duty which no friendships,
 coansels or appeal* could shake* pe spread
 •»ur starry banner upon the breeae, hoping
 never to strike it until the wolfish, bloody,
 starved and ravenous” system of slavery is
 leveled with the dust.—r. d.
 Fair for the North Star.
 It will be sean by a letter in another col
 umn, signed Palmetto,” that the ladies in
 Philadelphia, deairousof sustaining the North
 Star, are to hold a Fair during Christmas
 wed. The haste with which it has been got
 up, while tt does great credit to the excellent
 ladiea who hare been active in it, will proha
 bly be a barrier to any degree of peespimy
 success. We pmelt highly a* evidence of
 the esteem in which the papet-fh bold by £e
 oppressed# tod hope it will prose the «om&gt;
 meneemaat af further efforts in the same
 causa." Thi North Star mot matiaaa to
 •buie —r a,j ii
Expatriation
 Governor Smith, of Yagiaia, bat jo«
 pond, for the third time, to the Lsgwbtttn
 of that State, the removal of the fiee colored
 people. He rwco.um jodi tbs passage of law*
 by the L?ftslature for the accomplish.nent *»l
 this result. Fro it no high functionary iu «bii
 lend has th .nr ever cu.m a more uojost an«
 i apuJe it propssiUoj. For a landlord to ex
 pel a fa n.ly waic.i his failed to pay rent
 regularly, excates cu.npaj*ion fin the family,
 and indignation against the landlord, in any
 but a heart of stone; but for a person to go
 into the house ind home of a man, and compel
 nim by force to leave, is to make hiraseli
 guilty of a crime, compared with which high
 way robbery is insignificant. hat have tht
 jolored people done to merit this cold
 jlooded treatment at the hands of their white
 u.-igtibors* and what right has this high*
 .landed plunderer lo propose then expulsion
 *Vbo gave him or his villainous companions a
 right to expel any portion of the human fam
 ily from any portion of the habitable globe T
 Of o.is blooj GoJ mide all nations, to dwell
 ou all the face of the eanh. Has one raern
 oer of the family a nght to decide for the
 otherwhere he shall or shall not live* Do
 human nghta depend upon the tvbims and ca
 prices of wicked men 1 Bat shame on all
 reasoning in a case so plain. It would seem
 that any man needing to be instructed on such
 i point, is a lit subject for the inad-hnus.'.
 The colored people hare as good a right to
 •ive in Virginia as has this insolent Governor.
 For two bandied years they hive toiled ovei
 its fields—** have watered them with their
 blood”—they have baen the laborers of that
 State, the source of all the wealth that the
 estate enjoys—they have reaped down the
 fields, white the laay, lounging whites have
 reaped the harvest, and to expel them from
 their homes, is an act of cruel rapacity de
 serving the execration of the civilized world.
 We saj* to our brethren, Stay in Virginia.—
 Do not move an inch from her borders. Give
 up your lives ralher than your homes. Be
 firm. Show that you are men and not beasts.
 Stand by your firesides, your wives, and your
 children. Many of you have wives in bond
 age stay by them, never leave them. God
 will stand by you, and the sense of justice ol
 ihe whole world w ill be ou your side. If you
 give way, some other State, emboldened by
 ilie wicked example of Virginia, will propose
 the same infernal measure, and soon the col
 ored man will be on the bloody bayonets ol
 white men throughout the Union. We would
 that you could hold publ c meetings among
 yourselves, and give to the world an expres
 sion of your views and feelings on this subject;
 hut alas in addition to the ten thousand other
 grievous wrongs you are compelled to endure,
 the right to tell your wrongs to the world is
 denied you. We are left to imagine your
 hardships and sorrows, and this fact speaks
 trumpet-tongued of their terrible charfectgr.
 The reasons urged by Governor Smith, fol
 the expulsion of the free colored people, de
 feat themselves, and show that the evils ol
 which he complains, result, after all, from the
 immorality and cruelty of ihe whites, rathei
 than from the immorality of tho blacks. Ii
 "easy to account for the fact, if it be a fact
 that hete is a larger proportion of free ne
 groes in the Penitentiary, than whites. Wher
 it is admitted tha&lt; by law he is forbid u
 intermarry with the whites, to bear testimonj
 against them—forbid to learn to read anc
 write —to preach the word of God to his fel
 i lows; and when it is remembered that the
 i bare testimony of one white man against thai
 I of a thousand blacks, will send a black mar
 to the Penitentiary, the disproportion in ques
 tion is easily accounted for. In this same
 Slate of Virginia there are seventy-one crimes
 for which a black man may be execuied;
 while only three of the same crimes will sub
 ject a white man to the same punishment.
 Tne following is an extract from the Gov
 ernor’s message
 By the penitentiary report, we also learn
 that, on the first day of October last, there
 were in the penitentiary 119 whites, and 81
 negro convicts, the white population contribut
 ing about 15 for each 100,000 persons, and
 ihe free negroes contributing, from a similar
 number of their own race, about 160 persons,
 to the penitentiary; proving lhat ihe free
 negro perpetrates at least ten times as much
 crime in proportion to numbers as the white
 man. This statement, verified by our legis
 lation, presents such a picture of the moral
 degradation of our free negro population as i&gt;
 well calculated to excite the the
 philanthropist. Without meaning to enter
 into any discussion, as io the moral and intel
 lectual capacity of the negro, as to which i
 have heretofore very fully and distinctly ex
 pressed my opinion, 1 ask how it is possible
 thafbe can beutherihan he is, under the laws
 to which we subject him? Born in a hovel,
 the companion of the slave, and the tool ol
 the vicious white man, he naturally sympa
 thizes with the degradation around him. By
 law, he is forbid to intermarry with the w hites,
 to bear testimony against them, to learn to
 read and w rite, to the Word of God to
 his fellows, to bgnr arms, and to resent insults
 from a white man. Many other laws of the
 same character are on our statute book and
 in every relation, from the cradle to the grave,
 he ta never allowed to forget that he 13 of an
 inferior race. By the Providence of Goa,
 such is his destiny and according in natural
 sts, history, and ihe expenence of all man
 kind, he is rngaided as the third, or an infe
 rior species of the race ot man.
 There is such a combination of impiety,
 falsehood, and absurdity here, that one is led
 to doubt if such sentiments ever dropped from
 the lips of a governor in any State of this
 Union. Why, there are fugitive slaves who
 have never hail a day’s schooling till after
 arriving to manhood, who would be ashamed
 to have suchjniserable logic go to the world
 over their signatures. An inferior speats
 of the race of mm This is the same old
 trick of tyranny. The haughty Norman
 once looked down upon the degraded and
 subjected Anglo-Saxon As an inferior *|»ecies
 of the race of man. The Americans now
 look down upon tbs Mexicans ss so infs riot
 •pecies of the race cf man; sod so, we sup
 pose, it will ever be with successful tyrant*.
 We have not room this wsek for all that this
 wicked governor baa to say* Our reader*
 shall have it Beat week.—r. o.
 The Haag's Horn
 Is greatly in supposing that the
 North Star has any desire lev a controversy
 with him. But we do desire that he will he
 a little more careful in hit statements purport
 ing lo be facts, but which to reality bav« do
 •Jriateoee beyiod tea own tmag ntion. He
 at«ed ia his paper of November, that we hgrf
 formed a eo-jonoarsbip*with him, and were
 'lipr 4f (taf-Bapi's Horn W§
taued tbe correctness of flat etuemeat, and
 instead of making h consistent with troth, the
 editor talks now about bis extreme pais
 that Mr. Douglass desires a controversy witk
 the Ram's Horn? If this is honesty, whai
 it evasion, and what dishonesty I—D.
 Gold Heating Exposed.
 Tire great subject of i'.t’rest in these dyys
 is the Caiifor.,ia gold discovery. P*H»pk
 everywhere ihink about t—talk ahofll —proh
 ably dream about it—tbe last 10 as much hd
 rautage a* the focawr. Tbe newspapers art
 lull of intelligence, vying with each other, in
 efforts to supply the latest news. Some pi
 them, following in the wake of the President,
 write ’about it hi the grandiloquent strain ol
 glorification so tastefully displayed in the re
 cent Message other some, having more mod
 erate ideas of the benefits likely to accrue
 from the gold n fleece so unexpectedly found
 m the streams and ditches of California, woile
 giving all the particulars, take up their para
 ale and say, by way of caution to the adven
 turous spirits that are anxious to share the
 fortunes of the modem Jasons—Col. Mason
 and the “Alcadc of Monterey,’’ all is no
 gold that glitters.” Horace Greeley has
 driven a spike into these doubting editors, and
 coolly informs them, that he “has seen the
 gold, and those who any longer talk of mica,
 in connection w ith it, must be geese.” There
 is no help for it, then—it is gold—“ genuine"
 gold. Nuw the question, after all, arires,
 whether it would not be just as well if it
 were mica. The idea insisted on in the Mes
 sage, that a mint must at once be established
 in the gold district, that the precious metal
 may forthwith be coined into U. S. currency,
 and thus saved to this country, is one of the
 last, and cettainly not one of the least blun
 ders in political economy. The true policy oi
 the President ought to be, to discourage, by
 all possible means, its too rapid diffusion.—
 Acting on the 44 satm qui pent" principle, so
 much in vogue wirh governments, he should
 levy a tax of twenty-five or thirty per cent, on
 all the gold that finds its way into the United
 Stales. This would yield a considerable rev
 enue, and drive not a small poition of it into
 other countries, and they would thus share
 the difficulty and the danget of a too sudden
 expansion of the circulating medium. Very
 few argue in these days, that gold is very
 valuable for its own sake. It is, indeed, more
 ornamental than useful. It is good as a me
 dium of exchange, representing so much la
 bor. It is not the standard of exchange it
 self, but only the representative of that stand
 ard. It takes a certain amount of labor to
 grow and bring into market a barrel of flour
 It takes also a certain amount of labor to dig
 from the earth, and coin into American cur
 rency, so much gold in the form of halfeagles.
 The labor required to produce the barrel of
 flour must be just about the same that is re-
 I quired to produce the half eagle, else the me
 would not be an equivalent for the other.—
 The"\l(mr merchant willingly takes the hall
 eagle in exchange for his flour—thereforeth«
 coin is by him considered a good representa
 tive of the farm produce. But if gold could
 gathered by the handful! in the public
 I streets, either in the authorized government
 form, or in chunks of a pound a-piece, it is
 very evident that a barrel of flour would be
 imuch more than an equivalent fuf the hall
 eagle. No law could make the one equal to
 the other; for this simple reason, that the
 amount of labor bestowed upon the one would
 be much greater than that bestowed upon the
 I other. If we could do without a medium ol
 exchange at all, it would be just so much la
 »bor saved. Suppose the amount of what arc
 called the precious metals” already dug
 from the mines to be just equal to one year’s
 entire crop, the probability is, that the mining
 and coining of these metals have required a
 year’s labor of as many men as are now em
 ployed in cultivating the soil. Tho men who
 dug the ore had to be rewarded for thcTMa*
 j bor, and it took just about as much of the
 earth's produce to support life in them while
 they were thus occupied, as it does now to pay
 and support the agricultural laborers. This
 is what regulates the price of gold. It is not
 in this respect like other articles of commerce,
 regulated by the demand and supply. The
 reason is, that gold is not corruptible, and
 loses little or nothing of its value by age.—
 That which was dug from the bowels of ’lie
 -arth a hundred years since, is just as valua
 ble as that which was melted yesterday in the
 mint at Philadelphia. Not so with manufac
 tured goods, or the produce of the farm.—
 They all lose, and lose greatly by age. Some
 of them become entirely valueless in the
 course of a very few years. Therefore, if
 there is more brought into the market than is
 required for immediate use, the piospective
 loss by age leads those who have these arti
 cles of meichandize to dispose of, to force a
 sale by suffering a present perhaps compara
 tively small, rather than run the risk of a
 futute and possibly a much greater loss.
 That only, then, which, affects the price of
 gold, is the greater or less amount of labor
 required, taking the average of the Peruvian,
 Chilian, Virginian, and all other mines, to get
 &gt;t into a marketable state. This has been,
 for s&lt;wne years past, as before stated, in this
 country, at the rate of about half an eagle
 for a barrel of flour. Dollar bills and bank
 notes rest on s different foundation. They are
 mere promises to pay, either in gold or in
 something else of which gold is the repre
 sentative, the amount stated. Let it once be
 found, that the promise to pay is sunply s
 promise and nothing more, forthwith the Bill
 become* so much piper. No one will take
 ths promise for the fact. Wbat tbe value of
 gold may hereafter be—ihat is, how much la
 bor it will represent, is now the question. It
 is not hfefcly that, as was recently the case at
 California, it may become so depreciated, by
 the ease with which it can be obtained, that s*
 much as now sells here for $65 may be tbe
 price of s barrel uf flour. Such an amount
 of depreciation is scarcely possible. Yet this
 one fact shows wherein consists the value of
 tfold. It course, an exaggerated ease
 Tbe four, being a necessary of hfr, and tbe e
 being less to be got than there was a demand
 for, it received an unusual and fictitious addi
 tion to its value by tbe com petition to obtain
 tv That there must and will be a certain da.
 predation in tbe value of gold, there seems to
 be bat little doubt. If the accounts of Col.
 Mason an J tbe Row. 44 Akaie of Monterey”
 so* to be relied spun, (sal then seems to be
 oo reaooo to doubt tbetr veracity,) it appears
 Jhat one ma« Can make about 18 e-day—
 that ia mere than twelve time# the usual daily
average &lt;*f labor in the United States. Could
 i this ratio be kept up (or a sufficient length of
 time, nothing coukl pren at gold from becotn
 i utg twelve times less valuable tl.an it mm
 i Instead of net* half eagle purchasing the bar
 tel of floor, six whole cash's would scarcely
 suffic.' lor that purpose. Where, then, m lh«
 advantage ul this gold discovery. Thera i;
 unite, 60 far as concents that metal as a me
 diuin of exchange. it is of importance only
 as gold can be used for many ornamental ant
 useful purpxses.
 In the meantime, it is said that at least one
 hundred thousand adventurers are on then
 1 j way to the land of promise, dreaming ol
 'wealth without labor, and as much gold as
 H they can carry for little more than the trouble
 of lifling it. Many of them are doomed to
 be miserably disappointed. Ere long, a pro
 cess other loan that of w ashing it in a hand
 sieve, will be required to get the gold. It
 will have to be dug for in California, as else
 where, long find deep. It will have to be se
 parated from other and baser metals; capital
 will be required for this; labor will be required
 for ,it; and then the gold-seeker will have a
 different story to relate about the gold regiou
 of California. The probability is, that in
 stead of realizing $lB a day, the laborer will
 be tolerably well sati fied if he gets one
 dollat.
 O.ic good effect resulting from this emigra
 tion to California, is, that the majority of the
 emigrants being northern men, they may rea
 -1 sonably be expected to hold Northern views
 on the subject of slavery. Their influence
 will thetefore be used for the exclusion of
 slavery from that leiritory. If this result
 follows in consequence of the emigration
 j thither, who, that is not himself a slavehuld
 er, and an enemy to his race, but will rejoice
 that the fortunate discovery has been made?
 Were the dmstets and disappointments at
 tending them, a thousand times greater than
 even those who indulge the most gloomy ap
 prehensions anticipate, will not such a glori
 ous triumph of right over w rong be an ample
 recompense? Having a firm faith in the dispo
 sition of events by an unerring, over-ruling
 Providence, we feel persuaded that this also,
 with all other things, wi.l hasten onward his
 purposes of wisdom and beneficence for the
 sinning but not forsaken family of man.—j.d.
 Mrs. Swishelm, the editor of the Pitts
 burgh Saturday Visiter, received one vote for
 5 Congress, at the late election, and says she
 would have received more, had she been reg
 ularly nominated.” She has resolved that
 next year she will be a candidate.
 i
 Suffrage Convention at Harrisburg*
 j We clip this first note of the proceeding?
 1 of the Suffrage Convention held last wpek in
 Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, from the Phila
 delphia Republic, and hope in our next papet
 1 to give a longer account of these interesting
 proceedings. The Convention have passed a
 resolution to publish their proceedings with
 debates entire. The resolutions are as fol
 i lows:
 1 Resolved, That the legitimate object of
 i this Convention is to petition the Legislature
 j for a repeal of the word white" from the
 'third Article of the Constitution of Pennsyl
 vania.
 Resolved, That the people of Pennsylvania,
 .by sanctioning the disfranchisement of her
 i colored citizens, have violated the creed' pf
 their republican faith and brought dishonor on
 their principles, and degradation, privation
 |and wrong on those whom they have victim
 i ized.
 Rfesolved, That the successful prosecution
 'of a cause depends much upon the form and
 manner of our advocacy, the character and
 wisdom of oui measures, the zeal and energy
 of individual action, and demands that we
 isdue an address to the voters of Pennsylvania
 —also an address to the colored citizens, re
 questing them to make their rule of conduct
 such an shall successfully vindicate out right
 to the enjoyment of citizenship.
 Resolved, That each delegation circulate
 -petitions as soon as practicable in the different
 counties, to obtain signers among the citizens
 1 to be presented to the legislature of this state,
 praying for erasing the word "white" front
 the Constitution.
 Resolved, That a committee of seven be ap
 pointed to prepare an address to the voters of
 the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in behalf
 of universal suffrage.
 i Report of the Postma3ter General.—
 The following is a brief synopsis
 The Post Office revenue tinder the reduced 1
 i rates is rapidlv increasing, and amounted dur
 ing the last fiscal year to $4,471,077; ex
 ceeding the annual average of the nine years
 immediately preceeding the passage of the
 reducing act, $0,453, and exceeding the
 revenue of the year immediately preceding
 the last, $425,184.
 The letter postage amounted to $3,550,304.
 [exceeding that of the previousyear $295,791.
 The newspaper postage amounted to $767,
 331, being an increase of $124,174.
 The rejJirt next proceeds to set forth the
 condition and operations of the department in
 i relation to the steamer mail service.
 Among the most prominent recummenda
 tions which it sets forth, are these To
 make the rate of postage uniform for letters
 at 5 cents the half ounce for newspapers at
 1 cent the ounce; for periodtcrls, 2 cents the
 ounce and fui foreign letters, 15 cents the
 half ounce the total abolition of the franking
 privilege the pre-payment of ail mail matter. 1
 and, lastly, a change in -the tenure of the
 office of the P- stmaster General, with a view
 of removing the opinion which exists, that aai
 at present constituted the Post Office Depart-]
 mtnt is used by politicians at the-seat of gov-,
 eminent with the view of promoting party i
 jjbrposea and party organizations.
 Frances Kemrle Butler.—The Anti-
 Slavery Standard says, "It is notorious in
 Philadelphia that one of the cause of difficul
 ty between Mr and Mrs. Butler was he fear
 less expression of anu-slavery feeling, and
 her refusal to reside on s slave plantation
 owned by her fentsband in Virginia. No deci
 sion is yet had in the case
 A Question.—lf rnen can earn $lB per
 fay in California, how will it he possible to
 keep Congress together at $8 per day
 i hronotyje.
 Later from Africa.—The British brig
 Bream arrived yesterday ft*&lt;m Sierra Leone,
 hßviog L’ft en the Ist nit. Mr. Ketrhum, her
 supercargo, informs of the capture of four
 slavers, all Brazilians, which were condemed
 sad burnt at that place. One of the vessels,
 a brig, prize to H. M. brig Alert, had no boa id
 when csptur&lt;d 500 slaves. The srhonneT
 Water Witch had 472. The brig Sea lark
 581. A Spanish schooner, among the oum
 bet, had not yet received her cargo.
 C 7 It ts said that a bitter feud has sprang I
 up between Ab&gt;4t Lawrence, tbe great Bos-,
 ton cotton lord, and Daniel Webster-and
 that tbe former is scheming la prevent the!
 latter from receiving any appointment in OM
 Zack’s Cabinet. If this is so, some rich de
 ♦elopmeots may be looked lor between this
 and the foorth of Maieh next—pci haps tj
 re-enactment of the tragedy of the Kilkenny
 cm*.— Qmttr &lt;M.
To the Friend* of Justice and Hi.
 ■tali?
 You, have doubtless, read the appeal of the
 Committee anointed in the ease of Capi.'s
 Drayton and Sayers, imprisoned at Wa»fchr&gt;g
 tnn—whose ease is now be n» argued before
 C thenrcolt Court of the l nned State?, in the
 District of Columbia, on an appeal for a new
 trial— which appeared tn the public journal*
 *ast week. The i nportaoeo of th*t case re*
 quires an immediate and generous response
 from every friend of od government, justice
 i and humanity. The Committee are now se\-
 er.il hundred dollars in at rears, and the ex
 penses are still accumulating. They cannot
 meet the draft? that are being made upon them
 •n|p*ws immediate aid be rendered. They
 have requested me to raise the requisite
 amount as soon ns possible. It will take quite
 too lung t'*»r me to do it by individual applies'
 tion, or vtsi.ing towns and taking collection*.
 In view of this pressing emergency and to
 save the ex pence of collecting so laigo
 a sum as is needl'd, will not the generous
 citizens of every tow n, where this appeal is
 read, take measures at once to forward such
 an amount as their circumstance* will allow,
 and the importance of this case requires.
 As this is not a patty question, it is hopd
 that all of every party and sect, wtllcheprfulTv
 contribute. It appeal* to the lovers of hu.
 manity, justice, good government, the hono
 j ofoui common countiy, and of Christianity.
 Will you send in your money to Mr, J. p
 Blanchard, No. 13 Purchase street, or to the
 undersigned at the office of S. E. Sewall, Esq.
 No 16 Washington street, Boston, ami not
 wait for me to come after it.
 Remember it i» wanted now, and if a!l w ill
 act at once the Committee will be relieved.
 Editor* favorable to the cause of humanity
 and justice are requested to contribute by giv.
 ing this an insertion in their columns.
 In behalf of the Committee,
 El. Cummings, Agent.
 A Remarkable Book.—One of the moat re.
 markable novelties of the season—say the
 Boston papers—will be a work purporting to
 be the Diary of a young girl residing in the
 Colony of Massachusetts during a length of
 time commencing w &lt;ch the year 1678. Some
 of the leaves from this diary have appeared in
 the columns of the Natiunal*Era, published at
 Washington, where they have attracted grea t
 attention, for their beauty of style and the
 graphic pictures they piescnl of every day life
 at an early period in New England. The ed
 itor of the Boston Transcript has had a glanco
 at the proof-sheets, from which he makes the
 following extract.
 “Ipswich, near Agawam, May ye 12th, 167 K
 “We set out Day before Yesterday on a
 Journey to Newberry. O .r Route on
 the first Day lay through the Woods and
 along the Borders of great marshes, and Mea
 dows on the Sea Shore. We came to Lmno
 at Night, and stopped at the House ol a Kina*
 man of Robert Pike’s—a Man of Substance
 and Note in that Settlement. We were tired
 and hungry, and the Supper of warm Indian
 Bread and sweet Milk relished quite as well
 as any 1 ever ate in the Old Countrie. The
 next day we went on ovet a rough Road to
 Wenhara. through Salem, which is quite a
 pleasant Town. Here we stopped until this
 morning, when we again mounted our Horses,
 a„d reached this place after a smart Ride of.
 three Hours. The Weather in the Morning
 was w'arin and soft as our Summer davs at
 Home and as we rode through the Woods,
 where the young Leaves were fluttering, and
 the white Blossoms of the Wind-flowers and
 I h e blue Violets, and the yellow blooming of
 the Cowslips in the low Grounds, weio
 !*een on either hand, and the birds all the tin e
 i making a great and pleasing melody in the
 Blanches, I was glad of heart as a chi d. and
 thought if my beloved Friends anti Cousin Ul
 i i v,!r were only wfth us, I could never wian to
 i leave so fair a countrie.’’
 ___
 Prospectus of May’s Miscellanies.—
 L. 11. Hall, ot Syracuse, N. Y., proposes
 to publish a volume of the miscellaneous
 writings of Rev. Samuel J. May. It will
 contain a selection from those that have from
 j time to time appeared in various periodicals,
 together with many that have not before been
 published, on Education, Temperance, War,
 Slavery, the Treatment of CriminalSj and also
 discourses on a variety of Theological and
 J Moral subjects.
 The whole will make a volume of 450 oi
 500 pages duodecimo, handsomely printed or.
 1 paper, and neatly bound in figured mui
 Im. Price, 1,00.
 I tie work will bo put to press early in
 January next, provided the number of sub
 scribers shall warrant the undertaking.
 The Prospectus of a new paper, to be
 called “The Republican,” is published in
 the columns of the Charter Oak, Hartford,
 Conn., and is intended to be the organ of the
 Free Soil party in that State. The prospec
 tus says:
 The Republican is designed to sustain the
 principles of the Free Soil movement—to b«
 the advocate of such political reforms as the
 times appear to demand—the honest exponent
 of the sentiment of the North, and the de
 fender of its interests.”
 This new exponent of Free Soil politics
 will be under the able management of Wil
 liam H. Burleigh, now editor of the Charter
 Oak which psper will be diacontinued. The
 Republican will doubtless be a firm opponcut
 of slavery and lire slave-power and as such,
 has our best wishes.
 A Comparison.—Western Virginia con
 tains 38,500 square miles; Western Pennsyl
 vania contains 33,000 square miles balai.c*.
 in favor of Virginia 5500 square miles.
 In 1830 Western Virginia bad 378,000 in
 habitants, or abnftt nine and a half to the
 square mile. At the same time Wesitrr.
 Pennsylvania had 503,000 inhabitants, or Is
 in the square mile. In 1840 Western Vir
 ginia contained 432.000 inhabitants, and
 Western Pennsylvania 815,000. Virginia in
 ten years gaining one and a half to the square
 mile, and Pennsylvania about seven.
 Geofegieal surveys of the two States proo
 that the soil ol estern Virginia is b« iter
 than that ot Pennaylvama, and miners) wealth
 more abundant. The climate of Virginia
 unsurpassed by any in the Fnioo, both for
 health ai d productiveness. The hills are r.ot
 weep, and the navigable watett of the
 State as numerous and available. What cause*
 the difference Whttimg V«,) Times.
 The e axe question* whir h refecting nxm
 are beginning to ask in the slave*. There is of
 course, but one answer to it, and this lies
 plain upon the surface. In Pennaylvama it
 ta honorable to labor, in Virginia it is degrad
 ing.—Free. Jour.
 It ia said, Mr. C’albouu’a alternative to pom*
 adjustment of the Slavery question, will be
 Southern Convention, to |ro(one for a
 dntwaiof the Southern State*, to i body from
 the Union, upon the paaaai* of any law re*
 Kittling slavery ta Use Uuob.
"
