"rM&amp;m-
fHMMiTOF THE DESPOTS.
 CHARLES HACK AT.
 ftfff S(lf three monarch* fierce end strong,
 Three despot* old end boar,
 They me dr e le*g&gt;*e i. eelte the r rlli,
 And rule it evermore.
 From n.iet toVest, from north to eoath,
 From utmost ere see,
 TWryee« Ihrir yoke upon t*e world.
 And measured it it ia three.
 The first he was n haughty king,
 His look appalled the bads;
 .Gore-clotted was his iron heel,
 L lord-sprinkled were liu&gt; hands.
 He made his throne «&gt;f human sknll*.
 A id all around his neat
 Towns blared, and hecatombs of me a
 Were sbnghierwJ at his bet.
 The second was of grarer mien,
 His looks were meek and tuid,
 But tdack and bitter was bis heart,
 And bitterest w ben he prayed.
 He sent his emissaries forth
 O’er all the iarth abroad,
 And useo were taught t&gt;» curse mankind,
 Aad bate, for lore of God.
 They spread the rack, they fired the stake,
 They raised the g.bbet high,
 And with the blood of harmless men,
 Did outrage to the sky.
 The third great king that ruled the earth,
 Bat gloomy in bis den;
 Supreme w s be o’ei In ntal hue ts.
 The lord of sa'age men.
 lie lured the da.k u-se and the rnUt,
 The glorious light »l hurra I;
 A greater scourge to tiujiau kiod
 Thau famine or the awurJ.
 He ground ibeir Ctces to the dust,
 And with bis dull cold rye,
 Cast b igbt upon the s jffjriug earth,
 Aud gloom upon the sky.
 And these three met in pomp and pride
 Li Pandemonium deep,
 To join tlieir h mis, r ut:w their league,
 Aud high rejoici &lt;g keep.
 Hell’s gngs &gt;t«s palace glowed with light,
 And inyiuds caute to *e&lt;
 And rent the air ilh j &gt;yous *bouls,
 To hail tiie mighty three.
 A million trump* liegan to sound.
 Ten thousand gnus to roar,
 As, first of »be assembled guers,
 Down rushed impetuous War.
 Ha sat him on his glittering throne,
 And clasped bis battle sword,
 While nations quivered at h s g!ance,
 And owued him mightiest Lord.
 ijtTOLERAJtCL next, in puiple robes,
 His rich tiara worn,
 D.ove down hi* swift triumphal car,
 By priests and fLimeus borne.
 And liendiug knees and solemn chauut,
 And fear-impeded breath,
 Proclaimed U»e coming of a King
 Whose jealousy was death.
 And next came bloated IGNORANCE,
 High in his rumbling car,
 Whose panting steeds and grating wheels
 Came toiling from afar.
 Unwieldy on his throne he stepped,
 While from the rabble rout,”.
 Arose fierce yell ami joyous cry,
 And wild incessant shout.
 Hell made tltcm welcome, one and all,
 And its abysses rung,
 Till cave to rock, and rock to rave.
 The startling echoes dung.
 The myriad lamps that gem for aye
 Its adamantine dome,
 Poured f.rth a flood of sparkling li^hi.
 To bail the despots home.
 And people’s voice and clapping hands,
 An I pealing orgau swell,
 And'cyrabal sound and ti umpet blast,
 Made jubilee in hell.
 War rose exu'tant from bis seat,
 While round'the applauses ran,
 And filled a goblet large to dt ink
 The Misery of Man:”
 They filled tlieir goblets to the brim
 With wjne, as thick as gore,
 And drank the toast with shouts of mirth
 Repeated o’er and o’er.
 And Misery to man,” they cried,
 “And wye, and hate, and fear,
 And empire evermore to us,
 Who sit in conclave here!
 “’I lie earth was ours ir times of yore,
 It shall be ours t i-dny,
 We’ll share it out between us three.
 And govern it for aye!
 Ours be the blood of human kind,
 Ours be llte tears an I groans,
 The wail of millions steeped in woe,
 The homage to our thrones.
 Hurra! Hurra! the world is ours!’*
 And bell in all its lairs
 Repeated with a myriad tmigues
 urra! the work! is theirs!”
 But high above the festal din,
 A sudden sound was heard,
 A noise as of a mighty storm,
 Wbeu ear tit and heaven are stirred.
 The ligh's of Pandemonium sunk
 In darkness and in clouJ;
 The adamantine dome was rent—
 The rocks aud m nmtiias bowed.
 Au I tbun lets roared, and lightnings flew,
 And crags, uprooted, fell;
 Wak, struck with terror, hid bis face,
 And fear o’ersliadowcd hell.
 IxTolcraxce shuddered iu his robe#,
 Aad at the awful sound,
 Stark as he sat. dull lo.sorahce
 Fell reeling to the ground.
 Then all was still—ihc tl. ua j era ec^d—
 The myriads held their breath;
 And a loud Voice, trading tpac&lt;|
 Pronounced their doom of death.
 Tyrants! 1 it raid, “ol Inimao kind,
 For ages dtuok with gore;
 Your reign is past, your race is run,
 The world is yours no more.
 “Peace shall descend to bless mankind,
 Aad Charity shall smile,
 And grateful Kxowleloe pour Ur fruits
 Toeurth’s remotest isle.
 You’ve reigned supreme o’er human hearts
 Since Time’s remotest day,
 Your hour is come, your doom pronounced,
 Your empire passed nway!”
 The loud voice caused—the kings were dumb,
 Down from thron s they fell;
 The angels bailed the happy sight,
 But grief pervaded bcK-
 him stand who will on the giddy height
 Of the palace-top in his pride of place!
 !r R humbl.-r home may my heart delight,
 my couch is low, aud my pillow—Pent*.
9 elections.
From the Practical Oriitke.
 REL4TIOXI TO GOTERFfMKftT.
 THE DIVFEREKCE BETWEEN CITIZEN*
 AND SUBJECTS.
 All citizens are subjects of the gov
 ernment under which they lire; but ah
 subjects are not citizens. A citizen i*
 one clothed with certain political pow
 ers and responsibilities. A mere sub
 let is only a human being under the
 control of government. Every govern
 inent assumes the right to subject al
 arsons residing on its territory to it*
 laws, and to compel subjection by force,
 tf necessary. Hence, women, minors,
 tliens, Ac., are not citizens in the poli
 ical sense of the word—though they
 &lt;re all subjects. Properly speaking,
 (hen, a citizen of the United States t
 i man who claims the right to vote and
 nold office in the government. He is a
 voluntary covenanting party to the Fed
 eral Constitution, and a co-governor oi
 the nation. He consents and oblige*
 limself to the Constitution aa the rule
 »f his conduct in all governmental mat
 ters. His hand aod seal his most
 solemn pledge of fidelity—are virtually
 affixed to the great compact. He is,
 therefore, morally responsible for the
 government, and all its constitutional
 Joings.
 But a mere subject of the govern
 nent is not a co-governor. He is not
 m the political league. He is not a
 consenting party to the Constitution.—
 rle is not one of the sovereigns; and
 *f course he is morally responsibly foi
 ;he government and its doings no far
 ther than he approves of them! Yet
 iis person and property are subject to
 cue government. In tine, he is*a sub
 ject—not a co-goveming citizen.
 We of the Practical Christian Com
 munion hold that all Christians ought to
 taud in the relation of subjects only to
 lie government uuder which they hap
 &gt;en to live, unless that government, in
 ts constitution and laws, be radically a
 Christian government, according to the
 principles declared in the Sermon on
 the Mount; which no existing national
 government is. They have, therefore,
 absolved themselves from the engage
 ments, obligations and responsibility ol
 citizens, and unequivocally assumed the
 relation of mere subjects to the State
 and United States government. So far
 as the Constitution, laws and political
 usages of the land uphold war, slavery,
 &gt;r any other anti-Christian practice,
 diey meekly but boldly protest against
 them, and throw off ail responsibility
 for their results. They deny that they
 are in covenant with the powers that
 lie” to slay their fellow-men, or to rob
 them of their property, or to hold them
 in slavery, or to execute any legal pro
 cess which sets at naught the divine in
 junction—“ Love your enemies, bless
 ihein that curse you, do good to them
 that hate you, and pray for them w/.ich
 despitefully use and persecute you.”—
 At the same time they acknowledge
 government to be the ordinance of God
 for the restraint of evil; that the worst
 forms of it are better than absolute an
 archy that they are forbidden to at
 tempt changing it by any other means
 than Christianizing the public senti
 ment; that they are bound to be peace
 able subjects, so far as they can he such
 without infidelity to that kingdom
 which U not of this world;” and that
 they are never to obstruct any of its
 operations, however anti-christian, by
 seditious conspiracies or carnal weap
 ons. Occupying this ground, they deny
 that they are in any proper sense, uo
 governmentists, or are opp ised to
 wholesome laws or good order in socie
 ty, or that they are in any respect dan
 gerous to the state, otherwise than as
 seeking, by unexceptionable means, its
 renovation and conformity to true Chris
 tianity. They honor and commend all
 that is evidently Christian in the Con
 stitutio i, lawa, and proceedings of gov
 ernment treat its functionaries with
 due civility; conform to all its innocent
 forms and prescriptions; avail them
 selves of all its righteous privileges
 pay cheerfully all its ordinary taxes;
 promote all its unexceptionable methods
 of improving the social conditibn of the
 people; never oppose it except w’hen it
 requires what God forbids, and then
 only by just remonstrance, and patient
 sufferance of its penalties.
 From the Chiutian Citised.
 AMERICA.
 The bruised and burdened of every
 clime have heard of America as the
 land of the free. The wan and wretch
 ed victim of capricious tyranny, ironed
 u the flo &gt;r of eastern dungeons, has
 heard of America, and lifted his shack
 led hands to God in prayer for one
 Iraught of that country’s air, which
 vhoever breathes is free. The grey
 leaded exile, banished from his native
 &lt;and, Itis Polish home, to the far, frozei,
 solitudes of Siberian wastes, has hearc
 of America, and while, by the sickly
 light of the pale moon, he waded back
 to his dreary shelter beneath the shape
 less drifts, he lias sighed for the pinion?-
 of the swiit-winged dove to bear hitn t»
 our shore, beyond the reach ol the ty
 rant’s arm. The oppressed of every
 name and nation, have heard of Ameri
 ca, as a kind of heaven, lying beyond
 the jurisdiction of despotism, where the
 wicked cease from troubling, where
 every yoke is broken, and the captive is
 free.
 But these have only heard the melody
 of its jubilees. They never listened to
 the half-9m &gt;thered wailings of despair,
 which God hears both night and day
 ascending to his throne from human bo
 ngs, bought, beat and bound, in the
 very capitol of this boasting nation.—
 They never saw the shambles under the
 shade of our great Temple of
 where human souls and
 nies are bartered for the merest mer
 chandize of the earth. They never
 heard the suppressed moaning of the
 little child, bought in its mother’s anus,
 ind torn forever from her embrace.—
 They never witnessed the father’s ago
 ny, as he held oui his manacled band*
 »o say a broken farewell to hit child
 ren, as they were led away to some dis
 tant, unknown scene of bondage. They
 never fathomed the despair of tbeawitfe
 er’s heart, when her late-weaned infant
 was knocked off by the sboriff** ham
 mer to seme stranger, who tore it from
 her arm*. They never witnessid tbe
 tr
unavailing anguish of tint moment,
 when the strong ties toMnmtca will
 the fibres of every human heart, wer*
 torn asunder by the sons of thane wfcc
 fought end fell for freedom. They nev
 er mw how human nature, like a de
 fenceless unmurmuring lamb, bled ot
 the very steps of the capitol. while th&lt;
 appointed champions of liberty vreit
 speaking long and loud of the sacred
 ness of human rights. They nevei
 witnessed the unavailing night sceaet
 of this modern Aceldama, where, foi
 years of disgraceful history, bus
 blood-redeemed roan, has been Bailee
 to the accursed tree of slavery undei
 the very droppings of our great 'sanc
 tuary of liberty; under the statue o
 that goddess which, like a shamelea*
 harlot disguised in the immeculate vest
 ments of virtue, dares' stand upon the
 pinnacle of that Temple which oui
 fathers built, and lift her brazen, un
 blushing face to heaven, and say to met
 and gods,“All men are free and equal.’
 B.
 Reading.—Coleridge tells us of foui
 kinds of readers. The first, like tka
 hour glass their reading, like Um
 sand, running in, and then out, an&lt;
 leaving not a vestige behind. Tin
 second, like the sponge, which imbibe!
 everything, only to return it in the sanu
 state, or perhaps dirtier. The third
 like the jelly-bag, allows the pure t(
 pass away, and keeping only the refust
 and dregs; and the fourth, like th«
 slaves in the mines of Golconda, cart
 ing aside all that is worthless, and re
 taining only the diamonds and gems.—
 See to it that you are of the latter class,
 gathering riches from all your reading.
 To this end do not read.
 At random, indiscriminately. The
 world is full of books, and a lifetime
 would not suffice to read all, even i
 they were good, which vast numbers oi
 them are not. Make, then, a selection
 of your books, and be careful in making
 it. Touch not, if possible, a single
 volume that is unworthy, trifling, oi
 useless. Seek first for the most im
 portant subjects, and then for the best
 works respecting them. Be as careful
 bf the books you read as of the com
 pany you keep; for your habits and
 character will be as much influenced
 by the former as the latter. See to it
 then, that both are good. And even ir
 perusing good books—-for the best art
 imperfect—imitate the fishermen spokei
 of in the gospel, who, in drawing theii
 nets full of all kinds of fishes, “gath
 ered the good into vessels, but cast th&lt;
 bad away.”
 Ever have, also, some high and use
 ful aim in reading. Whatever yoi
 read, have an object in reading it.—
 Know not only what, but why you read
 Read for the discipline of your intel
 lect, the elevation of your taste, tin
 extension of your knowledge, the im
 provementof your heart, the regulatioi
 of your conduct and life. Read, tha
 you may store up lessons of wisdom, t&lt;
 apply them to yourself; that you maj
 follow every good, and avoid every evi
 example, and thus daily become wiser
 happier, better and more useful.—Am
 Mess.
 Fresh Air. —The celebrated Dr
 Darwin was so impressed with the im
 poitance of good air, that, being ver;
 popular in the town of Derby, once 01
 a market day he mounted atub, an&lt;
 thus addressed the listening crowd
 Ye tnen of Derby, fellow-citizens
 attend to me I know you to be in
 genious and industrious mechanics.
 your exertions you procure for your
 selves and families the necessaries o
 life but if yon lose your health, tha
 power of use to them must cease. Thi:
 truth all of you know but 1 fearsotm
 of you do not understand how health ii
 to be maintained in vigor—this thei
 depends upon your brealhirg an uncon
 taminated air for the purity of th&lt;
 air becomes destroyed where many ar&lt;
 collected together the effluvium frorr
 the body corrupts it. Keep open, then
 the windows of your workshops, ant
 soon as you rise open ail the window:
 of your bediooms. Inattention to thi:
 advice, be assured, will bring disease:
 on yourselves, and engender among
 you the typhus fever, which is onlj
 another name for fever, whicl
 will carry off your wives and children
 Let me again repeat my serious advict
 —open your windows to let in the Ires!
 air, at least once a day. Remembei
 what I say I speak now without a fee
 i and can bgvp no other interest bu
 you." m y •*W CC -'—Joumo
 of Health.
 i i.»
 Early Disadvantages. I learnt
 grammar,” says William Cobbett,
 when I was a private soldier on th»
 pay of sixpence a day. Thfe edge oi
 my berth, or that of my guard-bed, wa:
 my seat to study in; my knapsack ’wa&gt;
 my book-case, and a hit of board Ivin*,
 in my lap, was my writing-table. I ha!
 no money to purchase candle or oil; ii
 winter time rarely that I coult
 get any light 4ut that of the fire, ate
 only my turn even of that. To buy a
 pen or sheet of paper, I was compelled
 to forego some portion of food, thougl,
 in a state of half starvation. I had n&gt;
 moment of time that I could call mv
 own; and I had to read and write amic.
 the talking, laughing, singing, whist
 ling, and bawling of at least half
 score of the most thoughtless of men;
 and that, too, in hours of freedom from
 all control. And I say, if I, under cir
 cumstances like these, -could encouniei
 and overcome the task, can there be, i.
 the whole world, a youth who can fim
 an excuse lor the'non-perfi^pance?’ 1
 SCOTCHMEN AND SCOTCH MUSIC,
 The following instance shows whai
 Scotch music will mak« a Scotchman
 do when out of bis own country:
 A gentleman who was a first rate
 performer of Scotch music on the
 violin, spent a winter in Exeter, and oi
 course soon became acquainted with
 the musical dilletanti of the place.
 Diniug one day with a professor the
 conversation turned upon Scotch music,
 and a Wrong argument arose as to it*
 bearing competition with foreign mo sic;
 the Scotchman, whom we shall for the
 present designate the Fh|dier, maiming
 that, wbeo properly played, nsthiag
 could excel it; the Professor on Um
 other hand insisting that it vena only fit
 for tha bnre-yardT* 7
 I IV tell you what,* says the Fiddler;
I’tf toy you a wagor of 45 that if a
 patty of Scotchmen can ho got together
 I’D make them abed tear* one minute,
 ■iwg the next, and dancethe third.*
 4 Done/ »ay» the Professor, 'and if
 your music is capable of that, I will
 oat only pay you the £5 with pleasure,
 but will he convinced that it is the most
 enlivening, pathetic, and best music in
 the world.*
 The difficulty arose as to getting an
 opportunity for a trial. But this was
 soon obviated by a third party inform
 ing them that a number of young Scotch
 men dined annually at the Old London
 Hotel, on the anniversary of Burns’
 birthday. This was a capital oppor
 tunity for the Fiddler; for these young
 men, being principally rawboned, over
 grown Scotch lads, who had recently
 left their own country to carry tea in
 the neighborhood, were the vefry ones
 upon whom he was sure to make a
 kit 4
 AH being now Mranged, and the
 utmost secrecy being agreed upon, the
 eventful day was anxiously looked for.
 At length it came, and the Fiddler and
 Professor by an introduction to one of
 the party, got an invitation to the din
 ner. There were twelve altogether sat
 down; and a right merry party they
 soon became; for the whiskey toddy was
 not spared when the memory of any of
 Scotia’s bards was toasted. The Fid
 dler was not long in perceiving that be
 had got among a right musical set, and
 he waited patiently till they were fit for
 anything. At length he gave a wink
 to the Professor, who at once proposed
 that bis friend should favor them with a
 Scotch tune on the violin,
 ‘Capital, capital!* cried the whole
 party.
 The violin was brought, and all were
 in breathless anxiety. The Fiddler
 chose for hia first tune, *Herc’s a
 health to them that's aiva,* and played
 ■t in the most solemn and pathetic man
 ner.
 ‘That’s a waefu* tune,’ said a great,
 big, raw-boned youth to his next neigh
 bor.
 *lt is that, Sandy. There’s meikle
 in that tune, man. It reminds me o'
 ane that's gane Jamie,’ at the same
 time giving a deep sigh, and drawing
 his hand over his long, gaunt face to
 hide the tears which were trickling
 down his cheeks.
 The Fiddler with his keen eye soon
 perceived that before he got through
 the second part of the tune he would
 have them all in the same mood. He
 therefore threw his whule soul into the
 instrument, played the tune as he had
 never done before; and as the last four
 bars of the tune died away like a
 distant echo there was not a dry cheek
 amongst the company. Now is the
 time, thought the Fiddler; and without
 stopping a moment, struck up, in a
 bold, vigorous style, 4 Willie Brew’d a
 Pecko’Maut.' Out went the hand
 kerchiefs, away went the tears.
 'Chorus!' cried the Fiddler; and in
 an instant all struck up,
 For \ve arc nae foa,* we’re pa that fou,’
 But just a drappie in oure’e;
 The cock mav c. aw, ihe day may daw,
 But aye we’ll taste the barley hree.
 The song ended, up struck the Fiddler
 in his best style, the reel of Jenny
 dang the Weaver.'
 4 Hey, ye devil 9 ,4 cried Sandy.
 4 Scotland forever!’ cried Jamie; and
 in an instant, tables, chairs and glasses
 were scattered in all directions and the
 whole party dancing and jumping like
 madmen.
 Out ran the affrighted Professor (for
 he did not know wlmt might come next.)
 up came the landlady with her terrified
 train of inmates. But none durst enter
 the room, the hurras and thumps on the
 floor being so boisterous; aud it was
 only upon the entry of a Scotch trav
 eler, who had just arrived and who
 cried to the fiddler for any sake to stop,
 that order was restored.
 It is needless to say that the Profes
 sor paid his bet cheerfully and was fully
 convinced of the effect of Scotch music
 when properly played and that the
 landlady took care that the Fiddler
 never came into her house again on
 Burns’ anniversary dinner.
 The Rev. CLesar Otway, in his
 recently published paper on “The
 Intellectuality of Domestic Animals,"
 gives the following anecdote, which is
 by far too good not to receive thc'ben
 efit of a wider circulation: At the flour
 mills of Tubbera keena, nearClommel,
 while in the possession of the late Mr.
 Newbold, there was a goose, which, by
 some accident, was left solitary, with
 out mat# or offspring, gander or gos
 lings. Now it happened, as iu common,
 I that the miller's wife bad set a number
 eggs nndera hen, which iu due
 flUv and of course the
 time wepe incuua—r or »h
 ducklings, as soon as they can— 1
 ran with natural instinct to the water,
 and the hen was in a sad pucker—her
 maternity urging her to follow the
 brood, and her selfishness disposing her
 to keep on dry land. In the mean
 while, up sailed the goose, and with a
 noisy gabble, which certainly, (being
 interpreted; meant, leave them to my
 care, she swam up and down with the
 ducklings; and when they were tired
 with their aquatic excursion, she con
 signed them to the care of the hen.—
 The next morning down came again the
 iucklings to the pond, and there was
 'he goose waiting for them, and there
 stood the hen in her great (lustration.—
 On this occasion we are not at all sure
 that th# goose invited the hen—ob
 serving Her maternal trouble—but it ii
 a fact that she, being near the shore,
 the hen jt/mped on her back, and there
 »t, the ducklitfg swimming, and the
 goose and hen after them, up and down
 the pond. And this was not a aolitary
 event: day after day the hen was seen
 on board the gooee, attending the duck
 lings up and down, in perfect content
 edness and good humor numbers of
 people coming to witnese the circum
 stance, which continued until the duck
 lings, coining to days df discretion, re
 quired no longer the joint guardianship
 of the goose and hen.
 JH&amp;
 Genius will never be neglected by
 the public, unless it neglects itself; u
 must not disdain the humble alliaoee of
 industry. How can it expect encour
 agement, unless its existence can be
 manifested by performances The
 sorest evidence of superior talent is,
 that it force# itself in spite
 of advene circumstances, that it rushes
 a road where it finds bom.

SltottHwmtnte.
lapertafct to Finen*
 IDE'S Pim Wheel Cantor mad WW Ow
 Plow. The Faming
 Ik.. Letters P*r«* tare «-f
 -»mh*r for M* rem* “P uft
 stmt** udnudkmof FItL»C^LTIT*TO«i,
 *n improvement so greet
 Ibe «tw»lr v *teai of fcmHqf.b?
 w-half or na«r. Wtarrer Urn have hw-« wtw
 iM, Arv tare rat U» jW«ta&lt; epprotatwa of
 6m»ew.w ttafcHowiweeHlta«te#fro.n the W»H
 ligem aud prarticel fcnnrrs whose nan*e* are
 attached. abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This umv certify Art
 wn and rad the I’alrnt Wheel tnh.*.tor,.rented
 bv Natmxx Il&gt;E, of Sheßef, Othanx N H
 York, and Mim it to he, M labor-saving m»-
 cbine, .«e of lta*n»trs» unprovemeiHs of A* »ge.
 Bv it. a farmer cast p«* fr°* 10 6f,r n
 uK&gt;r&lt;- of wheat at a jwr, orth tJr- rune amount. &gt;f
 team b»&gt;or; be can also aow .t in moefa hetter order.
 By it aleo Canmfc thistle* and other noxn** tree...
 ora be total* extirpated. Said machine »so coo
 sttrrted ttaTu can be rented to go an, depth, by
 mean* of screws on the upper part of the Mcaine,
 and thus either plow up the ground ‘***”W&gt;"
 &lt;a.lv jmrt brash ibe «wfc&lt;*. tpoo the
 think ii decidedly the be*t machine ever tainted fcr
 puhreriainr the ground and fceihtnting the labor of
 Ae Farmer, and a# such we cheerfully recommend it
 to ocr brother farmers.
 Jame« H. hedley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John StereiM,
 John C. Wheeler, Hart ex Hedley,
 Gardner Berry. James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., Aphi 23, 1&amp;48.
 We, "tlie undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we hare this Spring
 made purchase af another. W’e can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 fcr wheat, and it is much better dona than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 7 Eli church.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various inodes ol
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seer
 and used. No farmer who fully understands hii
 interest will be without one, a* it is an invaluable
 implement. NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y. t July 1848-
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull
 Heal, Rochester, N. V-, where farmers are iuvitei
 to call ami examine for themselves.
 OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 UNDER THF MUSEUM —late FISHER MORRIS.
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven years, and during that tim&lt;
 procured for him three Silver Medals, for the bes
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 ehanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bourn
 and finislted to any pattern. Blank Account Book
 executed at this establishment have given unequallci
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Stric
 attention is always paid to tlte quality of paper used
 to render them equal to the best in the United State
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, Albums an&lt;
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured ti
 order in the best style.
 blanks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may b
 assured of work being done on the most advantageon
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing an
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, statin
 price and style, may rely upon their being well boun
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully an
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor lias spared no expense i
 fitting up the establishment* and introducing int
 Western New York the latest improvements i
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh, Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zinc.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’?
 Magazine, lieing an exact fac-rinuleol the Edinburgh
 edition.
 'I lrev embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood’' and the London Quarterly” are 'lory; the
 Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a rsligiotu character, having beer
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to le made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sut
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers ol
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets ol
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 lortion of it can be reprinted in any of the A me. ican
 oumals. For this and other advantages seemed to
 our subscribers we pay so laige a consideration, that
 we may Ire compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine- Tianefote we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communication) should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD BGOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.

 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE,
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual
 Capital, £3oo,ooo—Benjumin W. Richards, Piesi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, giant
 annuities and endowments, ant accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporal* bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, mad receive deposits of money in trust or ou
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at state! periods to
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of January
 lavt, an addition was mal to all the policies for life,
 remaining in fcice and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842,amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insuied
 in policies issued in 1837; 74 per cent, on policies
 issued in 1888, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; end it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rate# of the hie isMuasce, which will be
 furiusbed by the subscriber to all who may icci an
 interest is the subject, thst by paving a small sum to
 thsntiice every veer during hie life, a person may sc
 ore to his family a very coosiderabk amount at bis
 Wheiitver the system of Life Insurance is properly
 ■sderstood, it is extensively adopted, and iU great
 advantages to all, but more especially to those who
 depend oa their own exertions for the support of their
 femiifee. or who may be delirious u&gt; secure the pay
 mem of a so* of money to their frieode, creditors or
 children, at their deceive, whkb they might he oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system weds but to be explained to ensure the seri
 ous couetdemma of the public.
 la several instance* it has happened that the pnrty
 hunted has died shortly after baring paid only ofle
 or two instalments of the premium, when his family
 have received from this #Stc the Ml a unmet for
 which he bad insured.
 Full informal cm ou this important subject may be
 obtained bv applying, personafly hf letter (post
 paid) at the office of the subscriber, the authorised
 agent of the Girard Life Immune* Coaopaav.
 WILLIAM BAKE WELL,
 Bake well’s Law Buildings,
 Grant straut, Pittsburgh.
 WM. H. TOPP Rerchgpf Tailor, h* Bern*
 w»y. Abo aa«xtsisst«t tasorUMwt ofCramts,
 Blocks, Hosinr, Gloves, fct
 Ate*, *6.11,1**.
 ut
PROSPECTUS
 iMrieaa rftrtMltitlcal J«unal.
 O. S. FOWLER, EDITOR.
 T) reform mmd prrfect —mhrti and owr rare, is
 the &lt;nn»t exalted of aH work*. Yet, to do thi* we
 ■Mat Mhntaad the Ham Constitution. Th.«
 Pbrraolngy, Fhyoinlogy md Vital Mxgoetirjn ern
 brace, and pence cxpuiod aH the ha* of omr
 (oodioonf of iuipptntw» 9 iwd co*Pti f .ut# tb**
 phw’i how of tkitmai Truth.
 PHREMLOCT
 Each naaaher will contain either the analysis and
 location of mb it* phrenological faculty, illustrated by
 an Engraving, &lt;«-on articai on their cotubinaiKx'^:
 and «Uo the &lt;&gt;rv»nisat km and character rfsbmc die*
 anguished pei souage, accompanied by a hkearse.
 PHTSIDI-OOT
 Health I Lift., The great instrument of talent vir
 tue and happiness, all of which it augment*. To its
 per serration and restoration, special atlrotioo a iH be
 fiven.
 MAGNETISM.
 With pmetial instruction, interesting fret*, and
 choice truths which it unfolds, will be presented in
 this Journal.
 TOCNO MEN.
 The blessioga they enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, and their preparation for conducting out insti
 tutions, will fotm the theme of a aeries ol aiticles.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oatnestly. and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his' natural powers, ami
 lender hioiselt better and more happy? To such,
 each number n ill he a prompter and tcit-bock.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
 sent GRATIS, when desired*
 To receive attention, leitere and orders must be
 PCST-PAID, and diiected to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 itii IHI Nassau Si.,New Toil
TY7ILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Faahionahh
 VV Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Sheet, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap lor cash. Strict attentioi
 paid to custom-made work, by Messis. Parker ant
 Davis
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity aad Hydropathy.
 THE puLlic are respectfully infoimetl, that sinct
 the philosophical reductions of the learned Dr
 Means, of Emory O liege, Ga., and the scientist
 experiments of Mr. Heunncr of England,* huu
 recently and indubitally established the fact, tl a
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived lj
 the sense of touch, in J 844, are in harmony win
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 J human laxly, in a healthy condition, is in a pvtUtu
 i electncoi Uatc, and that the electi ical emanation!
 j from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or tlx
 symptoms aad character of disease—tlx re is some
 I reason to hope, tliat certain physicians, ignorant ol
 I these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the positive ii.ectrical state of tin
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade tlrosc
 whom they have failed to reliere of their complaints
 1 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the liglii
 of science, the undersigned u.ay te permitted hen
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the eleuro-negativt
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of watei
 to afford relief- On the other hand, when tin part:
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-pcsitiv*
 I state, however disarianged, t litre is ground to hop-i
 for a cure.
 Had not tire results of past years’ practin
 1 j already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 I fulness of the principles by which the undersigned i
 governed, in detecting the sjjnj toms and chaiacte
 of disease, and practising the cute, the recent ecien
 1 1 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professu
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convinc
 j the most incredulous.
 1 1 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generonsl
 I awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Praeti
 1 tioner, by a discerning public, and the grutilud
 evinced by those whom Ire has had the pleasure I
 relieve oi’ their complaints, the undersigned wi
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and meri
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who nra
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by Iti
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 'l ire Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 aled near BensouvilJe, on the west bank of Liekin:
 Water, qr Mill River, about two and a half mile
 from tire centre of the town. It is convenient!
 arranged, with separate parlors, Lathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and convenieutly furnished lodging rooms, an*
 a variety of liuths, supplied w ith water, which, foi
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cur*
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The sceuery in tliii
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic Tl.erc are
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, t&lt;
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles wilhou
 (being exposed tut, public gaze or observation
 Among tire complaints which are liere sucreanfulb
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head
 j cold extremities, general anifiaervous debility, brou
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaiin
 •lice, acute or chronic inflammation of tire bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establisliment for
 I course of treatment, should furnish tlremselves wit)
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, t*
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 j brella,.and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are £5 60 tc
 £8 50 |&gt;er week, payable weekly—washing extra
 A patient who from choice or the character cf his
 complaint, occupies a room alone oil the third floor,
 w ill £B 00 per week—on the flr.t and second
 floors, aS 50 per week. Patients requiting extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purpose**) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D- RUGGLES.
 j Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from tlx
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn,
 j River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, a
 convey them hither.
 -i i
 j h* bum*" btood »n a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by die activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pas*
 I mg off iu_ silence from the cuticular surface, u ai
 out of 356 experiments made I v Mr. Henuner of
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive elcrtricily. This su. plusag*
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to he indis
 pensable fo the healthful condition of the wltol*
 i animal economy, aad that when, from any cause, i&gt;
 ee diaiinislied or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before tbe Medical College ol
 irSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 'B. IS 17, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor ol
 Chemistry au.r Physical
 .Science in Emory College, Ga., (Age
ATHOL WATER CI'RE.
 Subscriber begs leave lo call t* e attention
 j 1 of Invalids, especially those suffering front
 chronic disease, u&gt; iua hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient.
 la"t season, and it is believed ofieis excellent facili
 ties for aphtlosophic aid thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and it.
 parity has been pronounced to water oo
 distilled." 1 he location h jwtlc digit.le, being but
 a short distance from flat V It M. railroad, ’ll*
 vicinity abound* in a satiety of scenery, and ha
 charming grounds for walk* and r amide*. So that
 with tlse water, suitable regimen, mountain sir, aiai
 exercise, patieats cau sra.celv fail to obtain tbr
 heakhful results for which they labor.
 Tire following case iliu*lrates ihis remark. Mrs.
 8., wife ot Oca. B-, of Warwick, Mas*.,'age,
 about thirty-five years, was brought ,to we lasi
 August. Her cate presented the follow ing pheno
 mena. if placed in an erect po«pioe, «nd hit un
 supported, she forthwith fail backward to tin
 ground. If being well supported, »he made an
 short to walk, eitner foot, when carried (beward,
 despite her efforts to the wintrar), would.cross Uw
 other. She had been it) tins condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced tbe 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to tbe 25th Ot. only, when *l*
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half
 mile with ease. Bines her return to her family, she
 has tweisnsJ her bulbs, with eocrespuodiwg iui
 provemrat to her health. She now attends nr hi
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a south
 giH, does the work of her family.
 Pattern* arc desired to bring three comfortable*,
 one pair of woollen blanket*, one mgr of sheets,
 half a donee towels marked, with aid linen lot
 bawmge*. m
 Terms, from Ire lo tea dollars per week, accord,
 inf so the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Time who are fast particular dte selection ui
 room, or are wilting to occupy them in mnim
 with others, will be charged lew*.
 Athol, March, IMS. GEORGE HOYT.
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUHEII AMD LEGai
 •Y LYSAffDtft 9FOO*f*.
 TV ABmap Patriot ee*» it— A
 108 pages— a very remarkable
 Whrthrc all tV anticipation* nf |fr. a,,-'.""
 won Id be mlitfil toy the full adopt »unof lb* La**?
 we do not here atop to enquire; but we bean. W kj’
 ■end hi* endeavor wrttie notice t *f all who Me
 tfttwpitent forcible dietkm—intrepid indepr;,
 original thought—end entire freedom from the r*-
 of wet or party. Aea jadirial writer.WhajadrkT
 a cnmpaM, for beyond nay one whose produrtLj
 bare met nr ere in a long time."
 Hunt’s Merchant'* Magaaiae «*r»—“
 in hoW a ail original thought*. The illegal «wtwn
 poverty are stated, and a manbrr of important
 sit ion* hearing on the 'object hid dona; aod oak.
 whole, we consider it a work well worth
 afiortliag a* it doe* many raW-fr hint* lothe
 man and politiealieconomist.”
 TV Bangor Oarettesays—■“ An able and certw
 h original work, from the pen of Lttander Spon**
 fcsq.-~nwthor of that powei fol hoot which dean*!
 stiates tl*r naroßstinitioßaiitv of American Sheer,
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen
 scat clung than Spooner.,’ This new work is
 lined to lead to a re&gt; examination of atl former v
 tens* of political econotnv.” At fim bhwh hu
 nominal proposition* strike a* as mslainablc—!
 they are so, his work will prevail, ai d produce
 important rivohitkm in tl e preneot prevailing m
 tcin
 Every one shoo Id read it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston
 Pari 1. Price 23 Cents.
hairs LXtuit
 I» the only lemeA that ran hr relied on fo r ,j„
 pri uanent cuieof hpasmodic Contraction*, IrTita
 ti* n of the Neivr*, Nerv-u* or Sick lies,*]*
 Netv« ua Trnrors, Neuralgic Affection*. Cc*,,
 Petilily, Defrienry of Nrrvou* and Physical Eow.
 gy» mart all Net v. us Disorders, including the most
 i iea&lt; ful of all diseases that affect the human net—
 cr FJtm f Aui,***.— Hvstetical Fits
 Convulsions, Spasn:*, kc It is well known, that’
 f.cm time lmmeinotial, Physicians have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has bafifed &gt;hf|r
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, sa d
 corsequr ntly thousands nave suffeted through a mb.
 et able existence, and at last yielded up their lives M
 the Altar of Insanity.—' The proprietc rof the Vco«.
 able Extract, however, (tcls no deliesry in taym
 that it can be cured. He would, theirtorr, rtsj«v
 fully invite physicians, and all others wlk&gt; air inter,
 cited, lo examine the testimony which is here of end.
 l!" it is deception, let i: be exposed tat if
 tn e, tin n in the name of humanity, no longer Ist it
 lie said ilia! I j iie| .«y is incuiuble.
 I than'* YrgftclU /afreet .-—For sixteen yssrt
 has been tes-ted by many pet sons who have sufertd
 with this rirerdful di&gt;*a*e, and in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permaocat
 cure.
 Col. Dcrslow of Yonkers, New Yotk, states list
 his daughter has been afflicted with Pits for mors
 I than nine years, and has been cuied by the use gf
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, lift Orchard street, New Y’otk,
 stales that she has Ken subject to Fits for many
 years, anti lias Ken restored to perfect health (aft*
 every other means had tailed) by the use of tht
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell
 Alabama, who is one of the best Physicians in tin
 i State, rays that lie has been much benefitted Iry u*
 I use ol the Vegetable Extract, and that he unKiiut
 ieg'v re.-cril es it in every case of Epilepsy whjci
 comes under his know ledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postman*
 at Lime Mills,Crawford Co., l'n., now living m
 EiieCo., Pa., stairs that for many ja»t tv
 i has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he n nos
 l ap py to state that a persevering use of Dr. Halt’s
 j Vegetable Extract, lias rrstoied him to sound health,
 being entirely heed h« m that worst i f all discs*,’
 Judge Ran. all, N. 156 llenty atieet.Neu York,
 I having used il e Vegetable Extract successfully m
 his family, highly leciimmends it to all persons nbg
 are afiiicud with ('its.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avem»
 I and Twenty-Sixth street, New Yolk, states th»
 Mr. C has, 11. Houghton, a member of his famrlyha,
 been so severely afflicted w itb Epileptic Pits’ for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish ha
 business. Having u*ed Dr. Hail’s .Vegetable E»-
 tract (fays Mr. Pratt,) liu was soon ie*!«red to
 perfect l.dalth, and left this city for tire State ot
 Chiu to resume hi.* business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peter* Church,
 Spntswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fils for more* than forty years, stain
 tl.at he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable bxtract,and
 his health has been so much improved that he bupc*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Fj*ltptic Fi r. —For twenty-seven years and nx
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable ease of tlic *on «f
 I Win. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fit* twenty-seven years and six months.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Gtr
 many and France, consulting the most emu**
 physicians, ami expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollais, returnwl
 j w ith his son to this conntty in November last., w ith
 out receiving any benefit whatever,-and was cured
 by using Hart's Vtgttable txtrait. —l have qeot
 over three thousand i.ollais for me icint and mniicsJ
 attendance. 1 was advised to lake a tottr to Eu«
 rope with him which 1 did. I hist visited England.
 1 consulted the moat euiimnt physicians there m
 respect to his case; they rxamineu him and prescri
 bed accordingly I remained there thiee mon In
 without perceiving any change for the Lettsr, which
 cost me about two hundred and fcfty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the Most that 1 received
 was their opinion that tny son rn« e w;.» hcrtlwi,
 ami POSITIVELY INCURABLE. 1 accordingly
 left Ergland travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home i n Ure mooiii of
 November last, with my son as for from being rated
 us when 1 Jett, I saw your adveitisemrnt in raeof
 the New York papms, and concluded to try Hait’i
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your staten:ent* and
 certificates of so many ones, acne cf twentv ud
 thiity yean standing, and 1 can amure you 1 as net
 soriy 1 did so, as Ly the use of Hart’s VegrtaUs
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. His teason, which was so far g'toe it to
 unfit bin* for Kisiness is entirely restored, with tin
 prospec t now betoie him of tile, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 ytars of age, and 27 yean i
 months of this time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is' sow
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is &lt;M
 thing, and as 1 here enclose you one bundled dol art,
 1 have ho doubt Lot you will think this another sad
 quite a difrrent thing. The debt of gratitude I utt
 owe you; but please accept this amount as tuurvst
 on the debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (feigned) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In rcfeience to the almost miraculous efhcacy ot
 Uiia truly wonderful .medicine, read tl&lt; folfowiag
 U tter fioin Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guiltor, Ohio,
 one of the most eminent physician* in that p. Ut:
 Gudford, Ohio, August 17, IMb-
 Brctiier laborer in the Cause of humanity—Dear
 •tr: It is with no small degree of leasurc that I
 am enabled go announce to you the coni} lete i/iunn b
 &lt;&gt;f your invaluable mec icine in cases of Epilrp&gt;y. 1
 have prcagnbffliii jft Dup jnclaaces ill tin* v.cuniy,
 and it has been highly suce*s*ful in ail- lhre u
 die pat rents, I tiu»t, bare been radically rural
 'lbe fourth one is rapidly improvipg, and will, I
 tbrnk without dc-uU recover. 1 am not m the habit
 of prescribing or recommending patetM medreuw*.
 Put when 1 see an article uhirrb nromisee so
 for the relief of suffrring humanity, I fpci tty Am/
 to recommend it, s»i 1 have no (esttaluu in
 ing that at *oon as thr faculty are fully acquaint
 ■Tub the real merit of your medtrine, the*
 close u*ir eye* agahtft pveyudjce and lend
 betprnx hand.
 1 *J scribe myself yours, sincerely,
 [Signed] w. L. Monroe, m. d.
 To Dr. 8. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
 V* hen thousands who are now treioMing
 the hand of Utis dreadful disease, and fran«|
 every attack nay prove fotad, will find ptnua** 1
 rein f sod be restored lo new Uk, by i»m&lt;
 celebrated medicine.
 ONE THOUSAND CERTIFR ATES
 USM keen received in testmoom of tK*
 MNP produced by the u»e of Dr. Hut Ve|v»**
 K Prepared hy S. HART, U D New Y*L
 *i one package #3
 Do tmr jw-kaers
 Do eurht packages
 O.lt «s aretplly packed up in l»*xc* kr
 pMtatioo, and send to pan of me
 States, Texas, Mexico, amt \Ve»t ladies-
 THOM AH Jk HILS, 160 Mara street, G*
 rianali, Ohio, General Age«o for .be
 Stale*, to wbnas all coaMtMmicaiiOAV roust U
 A. II It l&gt;. sJaU Cbmer of Mtota and
 New %’ofk,
 IL D. Wade, Mnn k St. Paals iochcstw,
 E. Hoßtdfss 217 Main street Btffl»io,
 H. R E* Oayfcvd, Agents for Clevekord Ob»e.
 Fay Is KtUbourac. Coknabas.
 J. G It O. II IliU, Detroit, Michigan.
 Wa. Miliwaabw U u.
 J. K.fltal, sad Co., Chicago HL
 Deal. T. Masoa. Daliaque Ims.
 H. Blacksley.and Co.,St. Louis Mo _
 Aad for Sak by most of the priaopel DmH 1
 throughout the Uartad States
 Mttw ‘"aSrUahJ
"
