"I'BKUEKICK DOUOLASR, _
 H R DELANV, b
 9 j
VOL. 11. NO. 1.
The NORTH ST Jill w pabliaha* «tren
 Friday, at If*. W, BaMala Street,
 (OjrpMtit tht Arfdt.)
 TERMS
 Two tWkrw per Annum, trJwijf’ tn adeonnr. N*
 •übtcripti-M will he reeeireu lor a '"a urr 0
 •&lt;k month*.
 AdrenieemeoU not cxcee ii"f
 three ti.n-r» for one dollar; trnj ertbsocp*
 tkm, twetitjr*6wt eentk.
 THE object of tlr N'orih Si a» will be to a***'*
 SiATtnv in all it» forma a»
 UMTCMiL Emancipation; *xak the rtaiJarc
 of Pcrlic Moralitx promote Ae moral ami in
 teHecuml imprint of the C«ton«0 P«oe«;
 a »d hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Tmi
 Million* of onr Bsslamu* Fri.tow 0
 re.rwrx.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 i*y All communentm a
 mJZ. of the p«p«r, name, «mt
 unrM.fce., nboiild be to Jolts Uicx
 Uc?Z WWwhr H I*
 ..liiicrilw™. T. I* f.r&gt;.ar.l,d to on* .ddm.,
 M be P-.
 paid.
 tzs:
 Evans, Worcester RmiiiW i jy ,id Rifles
 C’.mrte. If. S-th, Sprr.gl.eM
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Cpi
 Xor lh Fer-
 Vi.rmost.-—Rowland I.
 risburg. f„nnthan Leonard, New Haven
 Ta Bradford.
 -Nrw H*.nrsHin Gav, 142, Nassau
 ,'9S \V,« Bh.fc.yi
 ,rc S ch*&gt;;
 Joseph Jo t, Mace Ion; Willetts Ww,
 K r r A S?"^^»™." war.»m S. 'Sjln.n .re. IV-.v;
 J. F.' Platt, Penn Van; J. Je.frey,Geneva; L. L.
 i liH-.ur Island.—Amarancv Paine, Provnlcnce.
 NMVI.V SMA.-J. M. M’K.m,3l, North l .ftl.
 S f t Ph.lalelphta; &lt;i. W.Gouh*. Lx.;l.aage
 Plirc Ditto; B. Down, Pittsburgh; W m. Whippet,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jm'JL
 town, .Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 N |'m!o*SW,»,. i; S'
 ~,.1 l&gt;iuo; V»b I»“
 vetsburgh, Wurren Co.; Samuel Brooke,
 tolCHloA*.—Roliert Banks, Detroit. r
 Indian a.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, W avnc Co
jTolln of our
MESSAGE OF THE GOVERNOR Of
 VIRGINIA.
 Governor Smith, ot Virginia, in liisj
 message this year, refers briefly to
 controversy concerning the attempt to,
 abolish freedom in our new territories,
 in a stylo that would not discredit the
 chivalry of South Carolina.
 But, gentlemen, I regret to see a
 determination manifested in certain sec
 tions of our Union to exclude our
 Southern population from our new ac
 quisitions. 1 am mortified also to be
 lieve that this determination is the re
 sult in part of the conviction that we
 will submit to such exclusion. It is my
 anxious desire to see this: question set
 tled during the session ot Congress
 which commences tiiis day; hut. it not.
 1 have great confidence in the patriot
 i-un ol the Senate of the United Stales,
 and have strong hope, from the position
 and character of the President elect,
 that he will not permit this unjust and
 oppressive policy to he c msummated,
 by giving to it Ins official sanction. It,
 however, the policy of exclusion should
 prevail by the passage oi the W ilinot
 Proviso, or any other kindred measure,
 then indeed the day of compromise will
 have passed, and the dissolution ot our
 great and gl irious L nion will become
 necessary and inevitable. May God in
 his mercy, however, pass 11112 cup from
 our lips. In the meantime, 1 tecoin
 mend the passage of firm and temperate
 resolves, similar in character and prin
 ciple to those unanimously adopted by
 the General Assembly on the Sill day
 of March, 1817.

 But not content with this, by all
 the arts of legislation, we force him
 below that position in the scale oi hu
 manity t&lt;&gt; which he is naturally entitled.
 And is this state of things forever to
 continue? Are the promptings of be
 nevolence and the pleadings of philan
 thropy to be in vamr iam aware that
 our policy, as indicated by our laws,
 cannot be relaxed; the stem necessities
 of our condition forbid it. But there is
 a way in which 1 would hope the condi
 tion of the free negro might be alle
 viated; it is to deport bun. l&lt;» nd him
 beyond our limits, into communities
 where the disabilities which op pres.-
 him here do not exist; where his moral
 and intellectual qualities may be de
 veloped, and the great problem solved
 *&gt;t hi- fitness and capacity foi freedom.
 Shall u he done, gentlemen; or will you
 s ill retain this class among us 111 a state
 of hopeless, never-ending degradation.'
 In my former messages, i presented
 this subject fir consideration, and was
 denounced fVmn ditf reiit quarters for
 the inhumane.y of mv proposition. 1
 now repeat It and the question is, W ho
 is justly liable to this charge—he who
 Wishes to 1 eon ive tin: free negro to
 other places, where fin will he freed
 from our smil-dcgrudmg legislation,
 and where he would ha\&lt; a right to
 learn to stand up a;td f_&lt; I, and say, I
 am a man—or he who persist* in re
 taining him m our mid-t, ibject to the
 inexorable legislation k, which 1 have
 adverted' lhi** question 1 leave with
 you. and with the country, without mi
 easiness or apprehension.
 But the objection t&lt;&gt; the removal ol
 ou.’ free negroes upon the ground of in
 hu u tility, is not well considered, m
 other respects. It is impossible that
 such a population can have strong local
 attachments. Indeed, it is a teehng
 very much weakened with all classes ol
 our population, from the habit ol emi
 gration which has long prevailed.—
 Scarcely a tail/ of the highest re-
THE NORTH STAR.
 ♦2. ,tm. -m• a ?vWk ml. L ilP k 2l
Mjtcclability and wealth which has no
 sent eut oue or more of their member
 to people our western valleys. Ou»
 •laves, too, with better habits, and will
 feelings of a purer and rilnre dbuiesiM
 character than those usually po*esse&lt;
 by our free negroes, are dath emigrat
 ing to the Southu and thal, Frequently,
 (from the neces-ities of masters,) with
 out regard to domestic ties. By out
 law, if a slave be freed, he is jpin
 pelled to-leave the State, no matter how
 strong may he his attachments, or Whai
 ties may he sundered. We
 familiar with the policy of removing In
 dian tribes by force, upon a large scale,
 and within a few years past; and, in
 i deed, we are indebted to thi* policy for
 the homes we occupy, and the noble
 Stare or which wo are wafiisrty p«uw»
 With all proper deference, then, to the
 opinions of others, I conclude that there
 ts in this objection nothing that presents
 any re il difficulty.
 But the free negro seriously affects
 i the value of our slaves. He awakens
 !in the slave new appetites and wants,
 teaches the road to crime, makes him
 restless, increases the spirit of insub
 ordination, and consequently imposes a
 severity which otherwise would he un
 necessary. Of the eighty-one negro
 convicts now in the penitentiary, ten are
 there for the crime of stealing and en
 ticing away slaves.
 Nor is this the only way in w hich
 the free negro act# injuriously. In
 every community of whites, there are
 some to be found with vicious and im
 iroral propensities, who are tempted to
 '•-jinmit crime, from the ease with which
 tr.ev can obtain in the free negro a con
 venient tool. In this way, nnd in many
 others, which h would not be proper,
 perhaps, to enumerate, the beauty and
 purity of our social state is seriously
 demoralized.
 “Although the fifty thousand free ne
 groes in our State,with few exceptions,
 are known to be thriftless and unpro
 ductive, and live mainly by depreda
 tions upon the labor of other*, yet they
 congregate in our villages, and do the
 little jobs that arise in the progress of
 ordinary labor, wholly superseding, by
 the smallness of their compensation and
 the character of its payment, the em
 ployment of white men; thus creating
 a moral necessity for the emigration of
 no inconsiderable portion of our labor
 ing white’ population. I can appeal
 with confidence to the experience of
 every member of the General Assembly
 in support of the truth of the above
 views; and I ask if this, of itself, does
 not give this subject a claim to your fa
 vorable consideration?
 “The legislation in relation to the
 free negro, to which I have heretofore
 adverted, is the result of long experi
 ence and intimate knowledge of the free
 negro race, and cannot be relaxed.—
 And we must deliberately and calmly
 ask ourselves, whether we will not at
 once.in a bold and comprehensive spirit,
 adopt the policy I have recommended,
 which is plainly requisite for its happi
 ness, and the true interests and pros
 perity of the State. It is difficult to
 imagine a policy more interesting to the
 country, or more fraught with the g &gt;od
 of all concerned. To us, the good will
 l»e broad, deep and all-pervading. Not
 an element in our character, not an in
 terest in our beloved people, hut will
 feel its refreshing influence. May 1
 not then hope, gentlemen, that in press
 ing this important measure, for the third
 time upon your attention, I shall not
 have done so in vain.
 “Of the right to consummate this
 measure, 1 entertain no doubt, i at
 tempted to make that plain in my last
 message. The details of the plan are
 few and simple, and can be easily exe
 cuted. Nor is there any difficulty in
 finding places to w hich to send them.—
 Liberia, the French and English is
 lands, and some of the free States,
 especially N. Vork and Massacuhsetts,
 are all eager, it i am to believe the evi
 dences before me, to receive them.—
 The British islands, 1 have no d mbt,
 from information in my possession,
 would pay the expense of all those sent
 to them. And Massachusetts, a few
 years ago, in an elaborate exposition tn
 the American People, admitted, and
 undertook to convince others, that the
 free negro is on American citizen, nnd
 entitled to go nnd come at will. With
 ihis acknowledged right, he could there
 find a home, and not a vessel would sad
 from our shores for that ancient and
 prosperous Commonw.-a.th, hut would
 lie happy to take, a* a cheap rate, from
 fifty to one hundred passengers. Then,
 where is the difficulty r In ten years,
 at an expense of $30,00J a year, out
 State mav be treed from the curse of
 lour free negro population. Profoundly
 convinced of the wisdom and humanity
 of this measure, and its all-pervading
 importance to &lt;-ur beloved Common
 wealth, I earnestly recommend it to the
 General Assembly.
Selections.
si:rmo\:
 Prnckmi at the PUwtcnJ Sir, rt C hur h,
 Tb-rnLigiung Day, .V i, :tf&gt;, 1 SIS.
 BV REV. 1. W. HIGGI.N'&amp;ON.
 Man shall no* live b} hit-a i al m-." M »THfiv
 i\. 4.
 There are two kindij ot what may he
 called thanksgiving. There is a grati
 tude which, showing itself in thought
 and word, as love for the giver of ail
 good— things temporal and things «j»ir-
 Ttual—shows itself also in act, when
 ever occasion is given, in love for man
 and unfailing duty, in the unrestricted
 imparting to others of whatever good
 is given, in wide philanthropy, in re
 membering those in bonds as bound
 with them,” the poor aa having them
 always with ua;” and this Thanksgiv
 ing, whether it ifaowe iteelf in iu prac-
fc
 RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS «T X(f COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF OS ALL*AND ALL tf&amp;A|E BRE^IREJf
tical attitude, or its devotional# n equal
 ly- beautiful aod acceptable.
 1 There is another kind, which i# less
 j worthv. Its grantee is profession, or
 at belt se 1 f-deception. Recognizing
 temporal woods as the 1 beginning aed
 end of all blessings, *h% one things
 Heedful in life, it dwells on itsfmppt-1
 nes* in securing those, if it o**es secure!
 them, with sixth intense vividness, l tot,
 it seems kkc thankfulness; ilcallsTt
 self gi-Htfful, because it is (jped, and
 exults that.il is not as other men lye.Jt
 forgets that Chiist said, “A roSfi’# Hfc
 cdHsisteth not in the abundance of the
 things which he possesseth;”*tid values
 itself and others by comparative worldly
 possessions. It forget* that we are
 “not to live hy bread aJpn&amp;T «®d by
 »i»wd slew*that body, its
 comforts and luxuries, by material gc
 quisitious and triumphs, does it live.—
 This kind of thankgiving is, in
 vainglory,materialism,iow-nesaof mioo.
 Yet it is the ordinary vice of so
 ciety. This age and place have merits,
 as compared with others. We are not
 so indolent as some nations, nor so
 quarrelsome as others, nor so sensual
 as others, and so on; hut this one vice,)
 this tnatei ialism, this money-getting,
 this living by bread alone,” is our
 peculiar sin, and must be recognized as
 such; and especially to-day; beenuse
 I think it conies so close to oer thanks
 giving, as often to counterfeit it, inter
 cept it, and take its place—both hnviqg
 much the same foundation, namely, *a
 very vivid sense of temporal blessings.
 Having said thus much, I shall leave
 the subject of abstract gratitude, leave
 the genuine, and turn my attention to
 the counterfeit, which so besets it.
 For it does, in truth, beset us bn ev
 ery side. There is no one class into
 which our minds so readily divide men,
 as rich and poor; and from childhood
 up, we dwell to an extravagant, nay,
 insane extent, on this “one idea.” A
 prosperous inan is one who makes
 money, bn unprosperous one„who does
 not. yVhen we say a respectable man,
 a substantial man, a solid inan, we
 mean a man of independent property.
 This is our Ideal Man, aud i» is a na
 tional characteristic. The Romans dei
 fied poverty, and we find among others
 nations a reverence for the willing ab
 stinence from material blessings, with
 which we have no sympathy at all. We
 cannot understand, for instance, such a
 man as the Chinese Hooi, whose char
 acter is stated in one of -their sacred
 books, with an epigramic brevity which
 is worth quoting in contrasting illustra
 tions of our w’Cfrkyss. “A wise and!
 good man was urn A piece of bam
 boo was his dish, a coacoanut shell was
 his cup, his dwelling a miserable shed.
 Men lied because tiiey could not endure
 the sight of his wretchedness vet
 Hooi did not change the serenity of his I
 mind. A wise and good man was
 Ho&gt;*i.” VVe do not find this stoical
 and placid renunciation of all material
 comforts among us, in any cause; it
 not only is not fashionable, hut it is pro
 nounced anything but “wise and good.”;
 It is recognized as wise and good to
 compromise principle a little, a mini
 mum, in older to succeed in life. Jt is
 not considered wise and good to live as
 friend Hooi lived, if necessary, for the
 sake of an uncompromising abstrac
 tion.
 And thus the temptation to fall in
 with the popular estimate, and sacrifice
 conscience to comfort, the soul to
 “bread,” is very terribly strong. It
 takes many shapes. It comes to the
 mechanic in the form of poor work and
 much puffi ig; it comes to the merchant
 in the form of buying too cheap and
 selling too dear; it comes to the lawyer
 i and the preacher in the form of sup
 porting bad causes and opposing good
 ones; it come&gt;, finally, to the majority
 j of the community, in their political re
 lations, just now in a peculiar form,
 which, because it is very important and
 just now very apparent, I shall take as
 i the illustration of my text.
 Another Presidential election has just
 passed. The plans I spoke of long
 since (a year ago last August, you may
 remember) as being then made to place
 yet another sla\eho|ding President at
 the head of this nominally free repub
 lic, have been developed, consummated
 •and carried through; carried through
 with the’eonsent, the approbation, nay,
 the enthusiasm of a majority of you.—
 If the fact seeifled to me important
 enough to alluue to then, when I was
 here as an occasional preacher, arid had
 no ties with you, you can hardly think
 it strange if I hold it enough so to speak
 of now, when the majority »t you have
 defined your position on it, and that po
 sition so widely different (y u know)
 from mine.
 1 Do not complain of rne for introduc
 ing this subject again, now ’that the
 i electis past. There are peculiar
 J reasons for introducing it now. That a
 large majority of you, who belong tn
 the Whig party, have wholly changed
 your position, since the election. I’lu
 points which complicated the question
 before, are left behind now; the ques
 tion is not n &gt;w whether a choice ol
 evils could have been avoided; not
 whether a third party was practicable;
 not whether Mr. Van Buren was a til
 leader of that party —these were point*
 which complicated the question before
 —Whig speakers dwelt clnetly on then
 —but they are gone now. For do yoi
 not see that, by your express! ,ns of de
 light at the result of the election, yoi
 have voluntarily foregone all the de
 fence you had when you candidly la
 msnted for the “necessary evil.” D&lt;
 not you see that your very first cheei
 for President Taylor renounced tha
 plea forever— accepted him ns a gom
 and thus identified your position will
 his—so as to endorse him as a fit Pre
 sident lor you before G&lt;*d and man?—
 The question is not now whether it wtt
ROGHESM, N. Y., FRIPA.Y, DECEMBER 29, 1848*.
your duty to oppose when you though
 opposition fruitless; you have n»»t ©til'
 urn opffbecd, hut going to the other eX
 tre me. Jo* havw accepted tije triuropl
 asapcnr tviumph, and rejoiced over it
 ana fan tin I you art now to be held ac
 countable. The facts of his elect im
 were before you, jpd you all knew 01
 might have known them. \du knev
 that hit nomination was flu
 words of y«*ur greatest man) not fi
 t« be made.** Veil kuew that he wai
 first brought forward by uitra-slnverj
 men, avowedly as the ultra-slavery can
 didate—that ultra-slavery n»e% carries
 him through ’the convention, id opposi
 tion to th,e demands of thejtforfh,' ant
 then threw th« Wihnct Provian on th&lt;
 floor. You kne# that
 men of the electioneered flw
 and chose htyi on„ this ground—bar
 gaining, however, for as malty North
 ern votes as they wanted., You knew
 that he was a man professedly of noi
 the smallest political knowledge, a inert
 slaveholder* and never could heve been
 nominated of chosen, but by this ultra
 slavery influence. You knew nil this,
 or ought to have known it; audfyet
 when the time came, and this so huinii
 iating final stroke of the slave power
 triumphed, vwu accepted it as your tri
 umph, an&lt;f illuminated your housesf
 And, why did yog triumph? Why
 did the north, or any part of it, feel
 this joy? Other reasons may Have
 mingled, but I-do from my soul, be
 lieve, blush as 1 may to say it, thaV-this
 one great reason stood, and foi4vei
 will stand in history, underlying all
 dvertopping all this, that slaver) pr no
 slavery, consistency or inconsistency,
 honor or dishonor, that spirit in the
 Northern people, which “lives by,bread
 alone,” had secured its PjtQTfCTiVE
 Tariff.
 Protection! That is the ton? fasci
 nating word which has taken its turn
 this? year and paralyzed tire conscience
 and heart of New Ft gland, as k mis
 called patriotism did last year. There
 is no intrinsic harm in “protectitn,” as
 there is nothing intrinsically wppng in
 Bread.” But w hen protection means
 compromise of principle; when protec
 tion means help to-me, gained by the
 sacrifice of honor, the sacrifice of
 pledges, the sacrifice of the rights of
 Freedom and of the slave; when it
 means, my dividends increased, by my
 consent being given to the proportion
 ate increase of slave territory; when
 this is the meaning of that omnipotent
 word then 1 say from sue i Protection
 God protect us! For we need to be
 protected against earthly blessings
 which gain so utter a triumph over our
 souls. We need to be protected from
 the condition which lives by bread
 alone,” and to which all things else are
 a visionary dream.
 A year ago many of you were indig
 nant at the course pursued by the Dem
 ocratic paity, in regard to the war.—
 Vou called it base and wicked, and so
 it was. You said they shut their eyes
 to plain facts, took back their own
 words, were indifferent to honor, jus
 tice and humanity, and voluntaiily con
 sented to extend the area of slavery.—
 But if it was base and wicked to do
 this, as they did—to make these sacri
 fices because carried away by the
 blood-stained glory of war, by the
 childish love of renown, by the con
 temptible pride of biute force—tell me
 how you christen it, when precisely
 these self-same things are done, only
 under different circumstances,and more
 glaringly, by the other party —from the
 enthusiasm, not lbr renown, not for
 force, but for—a Protective Tariff*?
 Do you doubt these things? They
 are easy of proof. The dust of con
 ffict and the smoke of victory may hide
 them now, hut history will recoid them
 with terrific plainness. I thiuk no one
 even now, who took much part in the
 canvass in this Stale, can d&lt;-übt that it
 was that lenible bread alone which
 carried the day. Other things were
 freely agitated—they would do to talk
 about—they would do to salve men’s
 consciences—impracticability °f a third
 j party —objections to Mr. an Buren
 choice of evils—these would do to help
 i out those who hated to acknowledge the
 base reality; but a reality it was, none
 the less. A lew thorough-going men
 might stand for party, merely as party,
 through everything; a few unthinking
 men might be sincerely convinced b)
 -ha low C newspaper arguments, and
 shallower demagogue declamations,
 that G« neral Taylor was a second
 Washington, and that the buyer of 30(1
 slaves was on tbe wlmle an anti-slavery
 candidate; and in many minds tiie-c
 j things come in secondarily to palliate
 the deep wronglolness o! the act; still
 the deep wrongorlne-s remained, and it
 was that simple, overwhelming Tariff,
 firstly and la.-llv u|M»n wlnch the con
 i science of the North found shipwreck.
 1 Thus much for the motive, and as for
 ,j, e act it is so old a story that I am
 wearv of telling it- A generation
 hence, and it will be acknowledged by
 all. A party professing to be anti-sla
 very and anti-war, has elected to tin
 Presidency one who |never could have
 j been chosen, had be not been both a
 I slaveholder and a warrior. Never wa.-
 I there a political triumph tn history
 rnoie cunouslv thorough in its corn
 pleteness. thai»4bi* of the slave powe.
 over tbe Whig party Think of it one#
 g.rain. Gen. Taylor, nominated at firs:
 eothusiwtically at the South by con
 ventions all parties solely on tin
 ultra-slavery ground those very con
 ventions, as in Georgia, applauding th&lt;
 conduct of Mr. Calhoun and his fnendr
 supported enthusiastically by leading
 Southern men from both parties, or,
 this ground, and no other: hr* urged
 io the Whig Convention by uftra-sla
 verv men, to the exclusion of all tb.
 old leaders; receiving at the hr* baJlm
 ftB* out of UO aUveiwlduig votsa; and
t] only 27 out of 16ft free state votes;
 f jjhus nominated and thus urged, hi re*
 ceived the endorsemejit ot lhat Con
 ivention: who, after nominating him,
 took do other position except contempt*
 uou*dy to reject the Wilmot Provis
 i This was his introduction to the free
 men of the North: and never since
 r then, in a single case, have his 6outk*
 ern fi tends taken any different position.
 11 There has been no attempt at conceal,
 i, meat., conciliation, not compromise.—
 r Mot a Southern Whifif*ever urged him
 (Ik the South) mainly on any other
 I ground, nrahrutfk from Urging him on
 this. It waaastbe “star of the South”
 I that he wasnairaryingly'supporlad; and
 s the original inventor of the phrase ex
 plained it in the next sentence, thus:—
 (I repeat it, because we have accemed
 the phrase and forgotten (tie etpfna
 tion:) For by his express deala ration
 he will veto,the Wilmot Proviso.” All
 that the opposite party could do (and it
 was a strong expression) to rival him
 in faithit'nne&amp;s to the full demands of the
 slave power, was done—and agaiuat a
 candidate pledged to the same veot—he
 yet, feh to be mure fully pledged, car
 ried the popular votetif the siafehold
 ing States by 20,000 majority—a gain
 upon the Whig candidate of 1844. him
 self a slaveholder, of not
 60,000 votes, though Jarnea K. Polk
 himself did not stoop so low as Mr.
 i Cass. j
 Here rests the case. I leave out of
 view another considerations—my soul
 is weary of these degrading facts.
 Enough that under these circumstances,
 led by these influences, we are entering
 on the thirteenth -siaveholding adminis
 (ration, out of a total of sixteen.—
 Meanwhile slavery exist a*'With all its
 horrors—already tile slave-pajver turns
 upon us and aays, You liavd chosen
 our candidate, knowing #hat we w anted
 him for, and now prepare to go on and
 give us our new territory;” already is
 the View-born anti-slavery movement oi
 the Northern States beginning to pause
 |at the prospect of a new slave-market
 given by your compromise; the three
 million sufferers are destined to expand
 i perhaps to four; and Massachusetts
 smiles on, secure in*the possession oi
 her Tariff. Slavery to her is stiff a
 distant abstraction: Protection, “bread
 alone,” a present practical reality.
 Slavery a distant abstraciion !_ I
 listened this week to Frederick Doug
 lass; and as I sat and looked at that
 extraordinary man, and trembled before
 the voicanic words in which the accu-
 I mutated wrongs of an outraged race
 burst’their way through, soul, and
 heard the depth of fiery earnestness
 with which he depicted his own and his
 brother’s bondage, and the withering
 sarcasm with which he denounced the
 hypocritical religion of our siaveholding
 nation —when I heard this, and remem
 bered that this man himself, body, soul,
 God-given genius and all, was once the
 victim of this terrible institution, (and
 that three millions were there still, and
 more coming,) I fell, good heavens! as
 if 1 were a recreant to humanity, to lei
 one Sunday pass in the piolessed
 preaching of Christianity, and leave
 the name of slavery unmentioned! 1
 felt it a base, selfish sluggishness in me
 ever to let that fearful institution
 pass from my thoughts as to omit the
 mention of its name, at least in prayei
 or in preaching; and, so help me God,
 1 nevei will again.
 And when, farther, I thought of the
 position of this man among us: coming
 to us with his genius, his virtues, Im*
 burning eloquence, his sacred cause—
 coming and going without enthusiasm,
 without applause almost without a
 friendly hand to grasp his in sympathy;
 and when, on the other side, I recalled
 the enthusiasm you had called up with
 in but a few days, at the name of a mao
 you never saw—a man of no genius,
 no eloquence, no sacred cause—not a
 known virtue even, (save brute courage
 rand that common honesty you would
 feel insulted if I denied to any one o‘.
 you)—when I looked on this picture
 and then on this! 1 felt how low, how
 base, our moral standard, and how
 thankful I should he that God had
 placed me where my weak voice might
 i be a gain to the cause of the oppressed,
 against the oppr ssor.
 You call this fanaticism. Ido not
 w ish to he a fanatic —hut 1 have no fear
 of being called so. There are times
 and places where human feeling is fa
 naticism—tmios arid places where it
 would seem that a man could only es
 cape the charge of fanaticism by being
 a moral Iceberg.
 Or you may complain of this as par
 nzan preaching, and say I am only at
 tacking the W 1 adroit them now
 i tor three reasons —first, that 1 hav#
 1 had occasion to address the Democrat*
 before —second, that whatever the past
 may have been, it is the Whig party
 which has uow bid highest to slavery
 and got into the ascendant—and third,
 ri.at the large majority of you an
 Whigs. The successful party alivay
 reproach those who rebuke their wrorq.
 doing, with being the natural allies o.
 their opponents. Last year the clergy
 preac hed against the war,some of them;
 j and the Dedtocratic papers all said they
 did it because the clergy had almay*
 otded with the Wings, and hated lh«
 Democrats. Now the case t* different
 and 1 received a Whig paper the other
 I day, which proved I rein history that the
 clergy had alwa)S sided with the Dem
 &gt;crats, and bated the Whigs. I leave
 ihe two chargas to destroy each other;
 :&gt;oib are indifferent to me. The dut&gt;
 »f every preacher, who is a man am
 not a machine, is to grapple with sii
 in high places—sin to the majority—
 that is popular; it is the Democrat
 c party who are in power and otak&lt;
 *sr —it is they who are to be rebuked;
 s it the Whig party that make slavery,
 j it is they I
I*, The# liro uffji asld thuya, an
 pleasant to introduce iordny; fagt t d
 TUPt »ee how it is to%i helped. It wotfl
 be ptifesanter to bury.alt mtr iiit*, 9tv
 .only givofifcthanlks**bu? it cannot be.
 ■must speak what is irt mv soul or noth
 »ng. I £annd»»ay Peace,
 there is no peace. I cannot ejfceurag
 you to poor «*ut your souls in gro|itud
 j tor temporal bles|gjug3 ,‘withoul'remind
 ,&gt;ng you how a, price you hav
 been paying fur mem temporal bioes
 ings. I cannot congratulate you 01
 tins union of families, and return o
 btjppy associations. without thinking 01
 tne very many other families (of darke
 hues but like souls) to whom it firing
 ►no gleam of joy;’' and destined, to
 aught we know, to a longer and worst
 slavery, becauso of the coalition yoi
 have just effected with thufr oppressor
 —effected first, and then frimnphetfiji
 Side by side with the liberty w*e -an
 grateful lor, stands now, if ecvfcr ho
 fore, the slavery we are made responsi
 ble for—Jby coh«enting, for value re
 ceivcd, td its full demands If then
 is Thanksgiving for the one, there mus
 be Fasting and Prayer for the other.
 God fdrbid that I should give only i
 dark picture, or do injustice to any.
 feetvery sure that this is the duftces
 hour which just precedes the
 VVe could go no further in subserviency
 to the slave power, and the rcactioi
 has already come. It is seen in thi
 grand uprising of the Free Soil hiove
 ment, one based on a noble piinoiple
 (not perfectly satisfactory, for no move
 merit is, but very noble,) and destimd
 under some form, to a sure Jriumph.—
 Biff how can 1 speak you of that
 w'Wli scarce a dozen o r you own to am
 sympathy with it Vat-how far any in
 dividual u! you is accountable lor ni
 this, I do not judge. I know the at
 Biosphere in which we live, and hoe
 hard it is for individuals to change i
 or resist iff But wrong in wrong uont
 the less, and who is to say so if not tin
 preacher?
 INiake as ftmny allowances as we will
 the substantia! fact is unchanged, li
 pod looks upon us to-day, he does* not
 look upon us as n thought-loving, not
 as a freedom-loving, not as a humanity
 loving people; but as a money-loving
 people, a people who live by bread
 alone, and not upon the words of liie.
 Theie is always occasion for thanks
 giving. God's eternal beauty still
 bathes the universe, and the light of his
 smile glows into every hovel. But un
 til we rise to disinteiestednvse and tc
 love, our acknowledgments are un
 meaning—God hears u*. not, God see:
 us not—our thanksgivings are as tin
 idle wind. Ii we would ever redeen
 our community from coldness and Iron
 barrenness—if ever vve are to havi
 among us any spiritual life, any pfulan
 thropic activity, any intellectual rul
 turc, any enlightened social interconrsr
 even, vve must grapple with tins woefu
 want fiist. 1 ill vve overcome it, vv»
 must mingle repentance with all oui
 thanksgivings. Giatitude is unrin uniop
 from those who live by bread alone.’
 I will have mercy and not sacrifice,’
 said our Father. And what said his
 chosen Son—“ It thou bring the gilt t«
 the altar, and there remernberest thut
 ihy brother hath aught against thee, g&lt;
 thy way, first be reconciled to thy bro
 ther, and then come and offer thy
 gift!”
AWAY WITH WAR!
 What are the Causes of War.—Al
 ways comparatively trifling, and arising
 out of man's
 and unworthy of a noble nature. Am
 bition, envy, pride, thirst for wealth,
 territory, power, glory and religious
 zeal have been the inciting causes ol
 all wars, of power and extended
 dominion are perhaps the most common
 causes. Unjust taxation was the al
 leged cause of tiie Revolutionary
 War and this was a sufficient reason
 for our sacrificing 100 000 human lives,
 and more than a hundred miilu n (I d
 lars Mexico owed u- four or five
 millions, and this was a reason why wi
 should expend three hundred million
 in war, lose 20,000 human lives, and
 iay waste the whole Mexican country
 How noble and ju-t—how Christian
 like England made war upon China
 because the Chinese would t pur
 chase and eat her opium, missionary
 gives an account ot a tnhe in Souu
 \mcrica that made war in order to
 iare ponder, which the hi I"said uh
 sjioil if’ in t used soon f C ivilized nn
 lions (so caded; often "age war in
 irder to find business for slat d:i r
 innies and aspiring military oflicer
 vhose trade is to butcher being- 1 'i in
 I mass of the peo[de do not generalii
 1 eel an unfri( ndiiness to tin: people o
 &gt;ther nations that would had to wai
 i Jut they obey the King, President oi
 Chief, who would devastate the won
 oavenge a personal insult to r n ofttcm
 iiunitary, or to gratify his own j&lt; alous.
 and lust.
 I* nar ever .Vrcc«*a/*y r—No n»or«
 tecessary than Duelling. No u*or&lt;
 han private quar.eis among men oi
 toys. Duels do not occur now in N»
 England. Ihe superior public mora
 I •enliuieiit here is sutficieut to pr« ven
 hem. Contenti* n in neighb- rho d&gt;
 ind families is despised by all—comm
 *€n»e condemns it. A quarrels-,m*
 oan does not respect himself evei
 The good rnan has no law suit mg noi
 ightmg with any body. The best com
 uunities and families are those wtm I
 ire always at peace. They are th*
 nost enlightened, refined, cornfortabh
 ind happy. They keep no weapon?
 I ind build no forts nor walls for seit-de
 ence. But human nature is the »am«
 in natioes as tn individuals. If t«-
 may not fight a duel, neither may
 |wo nations. If two neighbors or boy?
 should not quarrel, neubsr should tw&lt;
 i nftUoot. Il two nan enn die*
JCTHW DICK.
WHOLE NO.-SS.
without shooting each other or
 nirnmg and jnllngmg can
 no uatioiM. If pw man does not need
 &lt;1 sword, gun, or bowie-knife for seff
 dt-h-nce, neither doc* a nation. So you
 that srars are unnecessary, and
 b ihat armies, navies, forts, swords, guns
 md bombshells are only institutions and
 monuments of human selfishness and
 fully.
 §orUu consrtfunurc of
 Th r 1 h 8,,,r,t of war tHe spirit
 Of hate and civilised waters
 hate and list reduced to a system a
 sconce, which reproduces its spi"’
 thousand fold, 'j hts system i,"™
 porated into constitutions md and
 is the foundation of society and of
 present human governments. It hold.
 menlike an jwuthim,
 [woHifasa dark pall. War eats up
 the good of the earth, consumes the
 labor and energies of mankind, and
 i necessarily sinks and degradesihe race
 ,n wry conceivable way. Hence the
 i depravity, deformity and miseries f
 rhe world are almost bevood description
 &lt;»r conception hence the physical as
 well as moral world, is a wilderness, a
 wa&gt;te desert. TWthirds of the humaa
 amily are nominally heathen but
 thcreis no money to pay missionaries
 purchase books or presses, or establish
 schools among them—ir«r requires it
 Ml. Europe has million paupers—
 'he bread they should eat is given to
 soldiers* And if slavery, vice, crime
 licentiousness and corruption are coni
 stituents of hell, who can imagine a
 worse hell than the earth
 flhat the World mould be tciihoul War
 —U would be an Eden*beautiful*
 happy Ihe desert woujd literally
 blossom as the rose, foi-jhe money and
 labor wasted in war would cultivate and
 fertilize every foot of laird on the gjobe.
 Every man in everv nation would own
 hofue and land and he surrounded with
 comfort. I here would be no ignorance
 for every child in every continent ai d
 island would have access to school
 I aye, to the highest University. Ai d
 however low aud depraved men mav te
 by nature, the war expenses of tl e
 last two centuries have been sufficient
 to make every man and woman a saint,
 if the exercise of Love and the diffu
 sion of Knowledge would make them
 so. A Bible would be in every blind—
 a Library in every family—Railroads
 and lelegrapbs would pass through
 every state and country. Everv dwil
 ling would be a palace and every farm
 a garden. Nations would love each i
 I o, her 88 brothers aiuksisters. No sus
 j picnm, gloom or sorrow would exist
 but a smile of gladness would Ifoht up
 every countenance, and the different
 i tribes of men would form one equal and
 happy brotherhood.
 How von Christians go to War
 I hi) cannot and that Religion which
 allows of war is spurious. True, Pio
 lessed C hristians go to war, vote for
 war, and ham every year to learn tho
 art of war. But Christ Aid not go to
 w ar. He caine to bring Peace on earth,
 and condemned both the pructicc and
 spirit ot war. The early Christians
 would not tight nor hear arms. Chris
 tianity is Lore. It retires us to love
 our enemies —forgive those that injure
 us—return good for evil. There is no
 our in all this. Christianity sares life;
 V\ ar destroys it. Hereby we test all
 professing Christians if they engage
 in war or countenance it, they cannot
 be Christians.
 Should we be safe without Military
 I D*J e nc r Y es; «aler without than
 wnh. Y\m. Penn’s government was
 safe for TO years, while there was al
 most constant war in other goverr
 mcnts. Ihe Quakers of Ireland, ur
 the Rebellion of refused to take
 up arms yet unhurt in
 person and property. The possession
 ot aims provokes invasion while
 ev n the laws of war lot bid the at
 tacking of unarmed, quiet persons.
 .Now friend, thou who art no political
 tool, but clai mest to be governed by
 Reason, Conscience and Christian
 love, and who art convinced that war
 is a Scourge that should he done away,
 i" M a pledge to wash thy hands
 1 1oin all participation in or countenance
 ot’ it.
 W f-i.sii —'i hree things that
 never become rusty —the money ot the
 &gt;i nevolent, the shoes of the butcher’s
 horse, ami the woman’s tongue.
 1 hree tilings not easily done—to al
 ay thirst with liie, to dry wet with wa
 ‘l, and to please ail hi every thing that
 s done.
 'i biee tilings that are as good as the
 b&lt; —brown bread in famine, well-wa
 t r in thirst, and a gray coat in cold.
 things as good as tbeir belter
 —dirty wat* rto quench fire, an ugly
 l to a hl,n,J n»an, and a wooden
 sword to a coward.
 i urcc warnings from the grave—
 o u knowest what 1 was; thou *ee»t
 j vt,at i aui; remember what thou art to
 i hree tilings ot’ short continuance—
 t lady’s love, a chip lire, and a brook
 .food.
 I I .tree things that ought never to be
 rom home—the cat, the chimney, and
 'he In.use wife.
 i hree essentials to a false •lory teller
 —a go*»d memory, a bold' face, si d
 i fools tor an audience.
 ’I hree things seen in the peacock—
 j the garb of an angel, the walk of a
 j thief, and the voice ot the devil.
 Threw things it unwise to boast of
 I— -he Davor of thy ale, the beauty of
 i by wife, the contents of thy purse.
 Three miseries of a man ’s house—a
 unoliy chimney, a dripping roof, and a
 molding wife.
 Man doubles ail the evils of his fste
 iy pondering over them.
 We should always look oa tbs brigU
 •ids ot hie picture.
"
