"Wf M
 Notitce
WMteni Hew York A»rt-Hl«vef* »#c*ety.
 The Executive Committee will
 Tuesday evening next. Jau 2, at rtte Anti-
 Slavery OflW. 25, Buffalo Btwli.
 Attendance is requested :il half past 7
 o’clock precisely.
 W, 0. NF.lilt, Ree.tme
 Aeti-Mavery Pair,
 The managers of the Rochester Bazaar
 intend holding a Fatn at Henrik tta, as soon
 ns practicable, lor the benefit of the North
 Star and we earnestly solicit all the fro nds
 of the cause to give us their aid and pa
 tronage.
 We regret that we cannot state the day
 ami are only waiting to hear on that point fVon
 our co-laborers in Henrietta.
 In behalf of the rommittee.
 AMY POfST
 The He*ten» N. V. Ladies' Anti-Kin
 very ttociefy,
 Will hold their Annual Meeting on Tuesday
 January 2d, 2 o'clock P. M., at the huisl o
 Isaac Post, 36 Sophia Street. Punctual at
 tendance ia requested.
 ABIGAIL BI’SH. Prest.
 Amy Sec'y.
 RoriiKsTaa, Dec. 25tb, 1848.
 Grand Rally of the Colored people of
 Ohio!
 On JANUARY 10, 1849.
 The Colored Freemen of Ohio w ill assein
 hie in Maas Convention in OOLUMBCS
 On the 10th of next month, to adopt measure*
 to establish concerted action among us, n
 effect our moral, political and intellectua
 elevation.
 We hope to see every City, N illuge, nun
 ty, and Town containing Colored people, fully
 represented in the Convention,
 t omc one come all.
 Uv order of the State Central Committee,
 .IAM ES P( )TN I &gt;EXTER,
 Chairman
 Columbus, Dec. 10th, 1818.
 Public Meeting of the Colored Citizem
 of Detroit.
 A mass meeting of the Colored Citizens o
 the city of Detroit convened at the City Hal
 on the 7th inst. for the purpose of discussing
 ilieir relations to American Slavery. Thi
 house being called to order, on motion, Georg*
 D. Baptist was called to the chair, and Benj
 F. Dade appointed secretary, M. J. Lightfoot
 Jas. Maten and Rtch’d Cordon, Yiee-presi
 dents. The Chairman then in a few remark!
 made known the object of the meeting, aftei
 which, by request, Mr. H. Bibb sung a liberty
 song. A committee of three was then ap
 jiointed to draft resolutions expressive of the
 objects of the meeting Wm. Lambert, Hen
 ry Bibb and Ed. J. Cooper were appointed
 After a brief absence the committee returned
 and through their chairman presented the
 following preamble and resolutions
 Whereas, The rights and liberties of the
 citizens of the fiee state of Michigan have
 been trampled under foot and sacrificed to the
 tyranny of southern slaveholders by the
 unrighteous decision rendered in the late sun
 brought by Giltner, Troutman Co. of Ken
 tucky, against Comstock-,Gorham and others,
 of Michigan
 And Whereas, in our opinion the said de
 cision has’ deprived us of all protection and
 security in our lives, our liberties and in the
 pursuit of happiness for truly it may now In
 said of us that the birds have nests, and tin
 foxes have holes, but the colored America
 hath not where to lay his head in peace —no
 not even upon the soil that gave him biitli
 Heaven knows we have difficulties enough t
 encounter in this boasted land of liberty, te
 ligion, and bibles, without being hunted dow
 like the beasts of the forest.
 And Whereas, many of us have worn tli
 galling chains of slavery, and li;t\e bee
 hunted down and carried back, and passd
 through the fiery ordeal, and we know 1&gt;
 sad experience its withering effects upoi
 lnith body and mind, and its damning inffn
 ence on the soul, we therefore cannot no
 ever will believe that man has a right to hol&lt;
 his fellow man as property therefore,
 Resolved, That we hold our liberty deare
 than we do our lives, and we will organiz
 and prepare ourSclves with the determination
 live or die, sink or swim, we will never hi
 taken hack into slavery.
 Resolved, That we will never voluntarily
 separate ourselves front the slave popularity
 in the country, for they are our fathers am
 inotheis. our sisters and our brothers, tliei
 interest is our interest, their wrongs and thei
 sufferings are ours, the injuries inflicted oi
 them are alike inflicted on us therefore it i:
 our duty to aid and assist them in their at
 tempts to regain their liberty.
 Resolved, That as it is our earnest de.-m
 to be a peaceable and sobei portion of tin
 community, we will always abide by the eon
 stitution and laws of this and all other state:
 which recognize no slavety within their boi
 ders, for we are not slaves but human beings
 and never will snnmit tamely to be convene*
 into goods and chattels.
 Resolved, That this meeting appoint a com
 mittee to draft a petition to ’ongress pravinj
 lor the repeal of the law of 179:5, relative n
 the recapture of fugitive slaves.
 After the reading of the foregoing pream
 hie and resolution®, Mr. in. Lambert tool
 the floor and supjioited them in a brief speed
 with much force and eloquence. Mr. Hem
 Bibb next came forward and was formull
 introduced to the audience bv the chairman
 Mr. B. spoke at length on the many topic
 which arc now agitating the American con
 tinenl he spoke hi detail of the wrongs of
 large portion of the American people, of tin
 horrors of slavery, of the late slave case am
 its unjust decision. Mr. B. closed by callmj
 on the colored jx-ople of llns city and stah
 to prepare themselves w ith the means of se)
 defence, for said lie. ye are property in tin
 eye of the laws of this free nation, equalize*
 with the horse and the ox. and lieing held ii
 this light by the iuanslealers of the south am
 liable to he seized as such at any moment b\
 himself or has agents, all protection that n
 left you is that which nature has liestowed
 therefore, as you have no other means, voi
 must protect yourselves hv whatever ineam
 you possess. Several other gentlemen ad
 dressed the meeting, among whom vvert
 Messrs, Richard Gordon and James Matcn.
 On motion, a committee of five was apj&gt;oint
 ed to draft a petition to t 'ongress in accor
 dance with the fifth resolution, consisting oi
 the following gentlemen Messrs. Wm. Lanr
 belt, Henry Bibb, Benj. F. Dade, Alfred
 Derrick and Rieli’d Gordon.
 After a voteof thanks to the city authoritiet
 for ihe use &lt;»f the room, Ac., the
 aditmiued.
 GEORGE D BAPTIST, (h
 Bknj, F. Dade, Sv*v.
 |p/* All papers friendly to impartial lice
 dom will please copy.
 'Fut Gold Ex* itkment. —The wildnesso
 ilm» gold mama, as it now iages in this city
 will be bolter understood when we &gt;tat«- ih«
 fact that no less than fifteen vessels are now
 loading for California four more are untk i
 negotiation, and will probably fall mm th*
 list for the same destination. Each ot «hra&lt;
 take out provisions, clothing, mauu tact unis
 and gold hunters m any number At Boston,
 Baltimore, Salem. and Newbury port, are al*c
 vessels up for the gold regions. New Orleans
 is likewise in the marko lor this region.
 Ihe office of Messrs. Howland Aspm
 via|| has been inundated every day, fur more
 than a month, with applications lor passage,
 and with persons seeking information. A Y.
 firtald
Fink MntkßUii «k.‘ Wmm
 v. ArnHmmtmr society.
 Tbf Fotnmio® aB-em%d mt ffieuwwCon
 =*l ll PM? *wet, tod witt wile* to
 inlet rm Fmiay. IWer gft I%*L*ut«i»
 »P»*rtd«Ki» of s|e Fflirpr* being ewiclmfed.
 he meeting tdioomld S*Uinl»y. M&gt;
 IO.IA M j
 Jasiru C. Uatuawm pr cabled. Kiom
 nuttooo were appowuM a» foUow* I
 Oh Bus im**-—Jo»eph C‘. Huhaway, F
 Dougta**, Barth i£. Owen. Abner H. Friaet*.
 MkgaiLK.*. f
 On Finanm —Amy Pont, Sarah C. Owee,&gt;
 fleeige W CM.
 On iVomrFiFT/fF»|p— Huh, Amy Pwt, 1
 R C«„ Almray, stxaiiin Owen, L. Bum*.
 REPORT: 0 j
 From the earltestxfaya of the Anti-Slarcjy!
 movement in tM* country, the report of tne
 Mv-ietiep to carry on otft work have been
 listened to and read with lament interest by
 the members of those noclefies. Published
 ui tW Columns of Itto Anti-Slavery news
 pajietpjbr the press in pamphlet*,
 they Wive found their way through the
 crowded city aad the quiet country —havni
 been preserved by the levers of liberty for all,
 as mementoes of the past,and become in some
 j part a part t«i the periodical literature of the
 'friends of'’the oppressed. At the Anntol
 meeting of the Western New York Ami
 j Slavery Society, the Executive Committee
 .lay their report before the members of the So
 tejetjr, trusting tliat, for the sake of our great
 and h&lt;*y cause, it will be received with tlie
 attention the importance of thntcausedemaads, 1
 ami jhoping earnestly that all may be tfheered
 by the signs of progress it makes known, aud
 stirred up to greater exertion by the evidence
 it reveals f#r the sad want of sympathy for]
 the enslaved, in ibe public mind. At the com
 mencement of the year which is now closed.'
 ihe Committee made arrangements *o raise
 funds and employ lecturing agents in the
 field. The sum of #260 was pledged, the
 greater part of been paid, and the
 services of Joseph C. Hathaway and Chaites
 L. Remond, two well-known advocates of the
 cause, secured as lecturers. It was hoped
 and confidently expected that, with the sums
 pledged, these agents might be able to collect
 enough in places they lectured in, to be sus
 tained. In this we weTe disappointed and
 after a fair trial, we were under the painful
 necessity of dismissing them from the service
 of the Society.
 Frederick Douglass, ever ready to do all in
 his power to keep others from a bondage be
 neath which he has suffered grievously, of
 fered to labor in ibis vicinity when his time
 could be spared, and has occasionally held
 meetings in the neighboring towns, by which
 natch has been done to awaken the people to
 a sense of their position and duty. In this
 connection we would speak of the North JStar
 in this city as a cheering sign of promise and
 aid. Of the character of the paper and the
 reputation of its editors, it is neediessto speak;
 for the paper is read by many, and the labots
 of those who conduct it are known and highly
 valued by every intelligent lover of liberty and
 light. It is not easy, in this day of beading,
 (to measure tlie influence of the press and the
 fact that in our city a weekly sheet is printed
 and circulated, devoted to the dissemination
 of anti-slavery truth, cannot but have a pow
 erful influence on the public mind. We hope
 for a long continuance of the North Star in
 our midst, and an increase of its circulation
 and influence. At the commencement of the
 year, we also resolved to open an Anti-Slavery
 Office and Reading Room, in which an agent
 should be employed to correspond with per
 sons in different sections of the State, attend
 to the management of the office, and raise
 (funds lot its support and for the Society. A
 pleasant room was leased for a year in the
 J most central part of the city, By soliciting
 th* citizens, a sunt was laisod sufficient to
 furnish desks, table, show-case; and a carpet
 was purchased hv the Ladies’ Society, thus
 making the room attractive in its furnishings,
 i A good supply of newspapers from the ex
 change list of the North Star, comprising
 most of the anti-slavery and reformatory pa
 per* hi the country, and many able political
 and religion* papers, was placed iu the room,
 conveniently arranged, and open for all to read
 free of expense. An assortment of anti
 slavery 1 rooks was also purchaser!, the sale of
 which it was hoped might spiead much in
 formation and be a means of helping to sup
 port the office. As this was the only free
 Reading Room in the city, it was expected
 that it would become a place of resort, and
 thus a means of light and usefulness. The
 fact that it has been visited by but few is a
 sad proof of the little desne for information
 on the part of the community. Catharine A.
 F. Stebbins was employed as agent for three
 mouths, and on the 15th of June, when her
 term of service expired, Sarah C\ Owen was
 engaged, and has since bsen employed. Both
 1 those agents have made efforts to aw aken in
 terest, obtain funds, and keep the public
 aw are of the advantages freely open to all who
 chose to avail themselves of them; but their
 .success has not been such as to afford great
 encouragement foi the continuance of the
 office.
 The dissemination of radical anti-slavery
 views for the past few months, has been hin
 dered by the fierce excitement of a Presiden
 tial campaign— one of those periodical con
 tests in which conscience Is disregarded, right
 trampled under foot,and profligate mendacity,
 cunning trickery, and bold, bad acts, for
 which the very |&gt;erpeiratoß&gt; blush in tlieir
 calmer moments, stifle for the time the better
 i nature of the people, and close every ear to
 apj*calsfor the slave. And yet in the election
 which lias just been decided, the clear eye of
 the aliolitiomst can read evidences, plain as
 the noon-day sun, that the Anti-Slavery
 question is reaching the nation’s heart, and
 becoming tht question w hich shall swallow up
 all minor ones, as the rod of Aaton did (the
 ruds of the magicians of Pharaoh in the story
 of «&gt;!den time.
 The candidate out- great party was a
 j slaveholder, a warrior grown grey in thecflpp
 and on the plantation, wedded to slavery bv
 »*"ry conceivable tie of birth, fortune and
 education, and yet his supj*,rters have tried
 j (and successfully loo) to make Northern men
 believe that he is willing to leave in the hands
 of ('ongtese, to be disposed of qi they may
 please, a plan to haul a system winch can
 only live by coustiiil extension, and which, if
 (mc* stopped 111 Its career, must decay ami
 peush, when, by a stroke of 1m pen. lie could
m
 put a AMfreedo*** demand* and gin
 r livery a longer lime of liieand pm*T f At
 ibe ravjpkte of tbe newmtV fpity,
 lu» lieco M£»p who ttfet# all fftasWe K
 w'l* W Mfe
 five salfjg pledging hifnsclf to do the wdl
 or ibe afs*«nJhr; and jet l&gt;» adherent!
 hare Miew forced t# teg m imho the
 believe dm hi? t# not an rucniv the rat»
 Of****.
 \Tc hire teen. too. a new parly spring &lt;f
 —not an Anti-Slavery party, hot yet the of!
 spring#? the Anti-Slav err agiutvoe—■ pan;
 opposed Mg l# the existence or even the Con
 stttutional support of llaveig, hut Amply tsit
 extension, amfin the eery first yew of its ex
 Ktt&amp;ce numbering its adherents b y *he Iran
 dred FV ts the friends of lh&lt;
 Free Soil movement are from standing &lt;w
 what seems to ns true ground, yet when wi
 remember where many of them h» vc beci
 heretofore, we rejoice that they hare takei
 one slop, and trust that the aame spirit whicl
 leads them u&gt; be opposed to slavery in Mexico
 may lead them to oppose it in Virginia—lfca
 the sense they have of it in new and distan
 tenitorius, them ere long to refua
 to support it in the oldei States—to
 the waich and ward of Northern bayonet ahal
 not hedge round the Southern plantation—
 that the District of Cohmbll shall be fiee
 that to every'slaveholder on every plarrtatioi
 in this slavc-cursed land, their word may be
 l-'roui being skives or Making elavea,
 In God's Maine we protect.”
 lu all these things, and others which migh
 be named, every steadfast abolitionist sees tha
 the words of truth Mattered wavsid
 are not lost, and is reminded that tMfc end i
 not yet, that he should be firm and true to tb
 high uncompromising ground of right, am
 that when the jlruggle corned, as come i
 must, which shall shake this land as with th
 rush of the whirlwind, ho shall say, N
 Frtfon .with slaveholders,” either in the giii
 tering gold mines of California or the wastinj
 plantations of the Old Dominion—“ No Cora
 promise with Slaveholders, either in th
 beautiful valleys of Mexico or on the bank
 of the majeAic Mississippi.
 In behalf of the Executive Committee.
 G. B. STEBBINS, Cor. Sec.
 The following list of officers were appointe
 for the egjtuiflg year
 President —BENJAMlN FISH, Rochestei
 Vice-Presidents Roswell G. Murrav
 Susan R. Doty, Farmington.
 Corresponding Secretory —Giles B. Stei
 bins.
 Recording Secretory —William C. Nell.
 Treasurer —Edmund P. Willis.
 Executive Committee.
 William R. Hallo well, Rochester.
 Abigail Bush,
 Isaac Post,
 Sarah L. Hallo well,
 Amv Post,
 Lewis Burtis,
 Henty Bush,
 Mary L. HalJoweH,
 Frederick Douglass,
 Saiali A. Burtis,
 Laura Murray,
 John Dick,
 Dorcas Collins,
 Lemira Kedzie,
 Sarah C. Owen,
 Asa Anthony;
 John Kedzie,
 Henry Collins,
 Sarah D. Fish,
 Huldah Anthony,
 Richard Sully,
 Catharine A. F. Stebhins,
 liOuisa Grace,
 Joseph C. Hathaway, Farmington.
 Esick Wilbur,
 Elias Doty,
 Caroline Halstead,
 Calvin Campbell, Henrietta.
 Martin Roberts,
 James Sperry,
 D. C. Ellis,
 Sarah Latung,
 Elias De Garmo, Gates
 Rhoda De Garmo,
 Abner 11. Francis, Buffalo.
 Titos. McClintock, Wateiloo.
 Cassandra G. Hamblin, Port Byron.
 Mrs. Halsey,
 E. W. Capron, Auburn.
 Pliny Sexton, Palmyra,
 Wm. G. Barker, Walworth.
 George W. Clark, Victor.
 Griffith M. Cooper, Williamson.
 Lucretia Mclntyre, Darien,
 Win. Durbon,
 Elias L. Platt, Bath.
 Henrietta Platt, ,f
 The following Resolutions were submittei
 by the Business Committee
 Resolved, That slaveholding is a sin agains
 God—it annihilates all the essential relation
 w hich contribute to make life desirable, aix
 society beneficial; and therefore enjoins upoi
 every Christian and philanthropist the duty u
 lend then direct and untiring exertions for in
 speedy overthrow.
 Resolved, That ihe age in which w&lt;
 live, is an age of progressive reform am
 that all ministers, laymen? legislators, or pri
 vate citizens, who disregard its requirements
 6o tar &lt;ns to close their mouths and stop thei
 ears against the cries of the oppressed, an
 guilty of conniving at the flagrant injustice
 unworthy the stations they occupy, and trai
 tors to the race of man.
 3. Resolved, That God is a God of justice
 and human reason and every-day experience
 are fully demonstrating the fact, that his jus
 tice will lie mete# out upon this guilty natior
 for her sins of commission and omission, will
 regard to three millions of her subjects, unlesi
 she speedily repents'and lets the oppressed gc
 free.
 4. Resolved, That in the various relation!
 of hfe which we sustain to our fellow-citizens
 we acknowledge too little attention has beer
 given to our identity with our colored citizens
 believing that upon it and their exertions de
 pend the success of emancipation.
 5. Resolved, Tbit while we hail with joy
 every evidence of progress on the port of those
 who have heretofore been hostile to the snu
 sLvery movement, we regard the Free .Soil
 Platform as an unwarrantable compromise oj
 the principles of human liberty, and believe
 that abolitionists are loudly called upon not
 only to advocate the immediate emancipation
 of every slave on tl* American soil, but also
 to refrain from the performance of any act
 which gives unction or countenance to the
 exuteaoe of slavery anywhere tor a single
 hour.
 6. Resolved, that, the language of the
 American Ann-SUvery Society .and concurred
 in by the Liberty League Convention in June
 I*m, that the slaveholder, as such, has no
 tight*, and that slaveholdiug laws ut no laws
btP^hwfy
 •Ml Uat eveor wmW
 miK, «iMt&lt;
 IS piracy, merits w*hief WMN
 MM|(iiemp( ud the defpfit clcflUlOß,
 Reward, Thai in »|*of Ittjaeles
 mural —we rapid AbU*sm»«t
 sentiment among people the tjedincre
 with Jghieb men proclaim thMiweKes Opposed
 lalU-the WF« dmcurSMgi of jg
 i subject—the freedom of -qweca iowraieflV|
 and ibe growing ro»g«B wrUr wtrr*
 liNis*WTr «e inmri—the fnomta
 of the slave hare great cause to thSß»l*«
 ta| take courage fur the future.
 8. Whereas. The reel desig**f‘this M
 i ernmcot is attaching ol*a to the l tlitec
 Staler, is for the purpose of propagating ala-
 I wrr; therefore,
 'I Resolved, 'Dial we are opposed toitin an
 sf aMiation of Xube, nnless if ahail bk free tern-
 I I lory, mid pledged to remain so,
 .j 6. Resolved, That the church aad dergy,
 which wield a vast itild unyieWmg jkiienee,
 i an# that influence being on the «de of op
 pression, holding fellowship with those wwc
 make merchandixe 4#* a
 t men. deserve the tebuke ot all lovers
 of humanity. i
 1 10. Resohed. that the prejudice against
 r eOlor is unnatural; where it not, the Author oi
 our being would have made us all ot one hue:
 therefore, it is the duty of the fnenda of hu
 manitv to labor with untiring zeal tor the
 overthrow of every* Uw which deprive* the
 colored American of oue right enjoyed by
 those ot a paler complexion.
 1 Resolved, That tt is the duty of every
 colored man gf the' State of New York to
 spurn with indignation the offer of voting un
 der It* Constilutitm for the price of two bun
 .died and fifty dollars.
 m Resolve!, That we feel oprselves justly re-
 I: buked liar the shameless custom of excluding
 colored children from our schools and semina
 ries of learning, by the resolutions of the
 English Friends, and the presents which they
 have kindly sent to the mimes who defended
 I the rights of the daughter of our respected
 t fellow-citizen, Frederick Douglass, to the
 privileges of Seward Seminary, from which
 she was excluded by the teacher, Mias Tracy,
 »ioa account of her complexion; and we are
 -l happy to add that but one patiso voted for the
 r proscription.
 j Whereas, actions speak louder than words
 s —that within the representative may be seen
 5 the character of the constituency—that nc
 I people are better than their laws or their law
 makers—that a stream cannot rise highei
 i than its source* —that a sweet fountain cannoi
 send forth a bitter stream —that a good tret
 cannot bear evil fruit; therefore,
 Resolved, That the election of a warrior
 1! slaveholder, and bloodhound importei, to tht
 j highest office in this country, proven that tht
 vast majority of the American people are ai
 j heatl slaveholders, slavetraders and blood
 hound importers, and only need to be placet
 in circumstances favorable to slaveholding anc
 slavetrading to become slaveholders and slave
 traders.
 By John Dick—Resolved, That whatevei
 evils exist in the present day, and whatevei
 other reforms may be agitated, perhaps good,
 and likely to be productive of the best results
 yet, as slavery is the great sin and damning
 curse of this nation, that reform is the reforrr
 which, of all otheis, demands the first plact
 in the efforts of reformers —without which, ali
 I other reforms will be valueless.
 Resolved, That the thanks of the Westerr
 I New York Anti-Slavery Society be and here
 hy are presented to the ladies in England, Scot
 land and Ireland, who have given most unmis
 j takeable evidence of their interest in th&lt;
 1 cause of the oppressed and downtrodden ir
 this land, by their valuable contributions tr
 j the Anti-Slavery Bazaar just held in this city
 By Frederick Douglass— Whereas, The
 Constitution of the United States, by prpvid
 ing for the slavetrade for twenty years, a slavt
 representation in Congress, by putting dowr
 slave insurrections and the return of fugitive
 slaves, is a Constitution against liberty, in fa
 t vor of slavery, and such an instrument as nc
 man w ho believes slavery to be a sin can con
 i sistently support; therefore,
 Resolved, That the only way by which we
 1 can free ourselves from the guilt of slavery,
 is to stand on the ground of No Union with
 Slaveholders.”
 I By Dr. Chase, of Cleveland, Ohio-
 Resolved, That every effort made bv the
 citizens of the South for the emancipation o]
 their slaves, should be hailed with feelings ol
 heartfelt satisfaction.'
 Resolved, That Congress should exercise
 all its rightful power to wipe the continuance
 of slavery from our national banner.
 j Resolved,That we.deeply deplore the fact,that
 other nations are, and must be compelled tc
 regard our professions of love of liberty su
 perlatively selfish, while we perpetrate the
 1 worst form of African slavery in our midst.
 By Daniel Poind—Resolved, That pe
 titions be extensively circulated for signatures,
 1 requesting the Legislature of this Stale to
 1 instruct our Senators in Congress to use their
 influence to have all laws in the District ol
 Columbia abolished, which tolerate slavery
 and the slavetrade and in case of failure, to
 i urge the removal of the seat of government to
 a Free State.
 By Giles B. Stebbins—Whereas, The
 North Star is established in this city, con
 ducted with ability and fidelity, and owing to
 i the fact that it is circulated in this vicinity, is
 the organ through which we usually make
 known our appointments and places to our
 friends; therefore,
 Resolved, That while we would not dis
 courage abolitionists from subscribing for
 other able and uncompromising anti-slaverv
 newspapers, we wish to urge upon all the
 importance of subscribing for and aiding to
 support the North Star—that we rejoice *ihat
 i it has lived successfully through the first, the
 trying year of its existence, and bids lair to
 I be sustained, if the same earnest efforts are
 i made in future which have thus far sus
 tained it.
 i By \VV C. Nell—Whereas, The anli
 slavery cause has been promoted by various
 instrumentalities petitioning national and
 1 local Legislatures—the eloquent appeals of a
 galaxy of lecturers—the potent influence of a
 free press, and the example of true words
 and deeds in the intercourse of every-day life;
 i hut to no two ways and means is the en
 i terprise more indebted for its present advanced
 position, than to the Fairs conducted by anli
 t slavery women, and the expression of liberty
 inspiring sentiments through the popular me
 j! dium of son" therefore,
 i Resolved, That we tender our sincere
 i thanks to the untiring and devoted anti-slavery
 women of Western New Vork, whose con
 tributions of genius and industry at the recent
 and previous Bazaars, aie indeed noble offer
 ings upon freedom's altar.
 Resolved, That to Georgs W. Clark, the
 jhbeity vocalist, we would also present our
 i tribute of gratitude, and hope that his muse
 will i-ontinue to be successfully invoked, until
 be can untie with the emancipated bondman
 of America m the song of universal freedom.
 The resolutions 'from the Business Com
 I mutee, as also those ctTered by individuals
 were ably and eloquently discussed.
 General Taylor's election to the Presidency
 —the pro-slavery character of the United
 States Constitution—the American church and
 clergy as allied against fseedom—the unholy
 I prejudice existing tow ards colored citizens—.
 the Free Soil movement, and the progress of
 the Ante Slavery cause, were the mast promi
 ®**»t themes of debate, each in turn eliciting a
 manifest Interest from the Urge gathering
 who, (despite the inclement weather) were in j
 attendance at several sesuoes.
 Joseph C. Hathaway aimed to impress
o|oß the nrfieMe that C?od’» jest* 3
 •eon be meted out to tU» nat on l l#
 lb! Of so to death, t* P «"ltj
 follow violation of «|gbt* Where 1
 Northern liberty to-day Pfootrate at the
 feet of the slave power, exepplified to the
 elevation of Zjphary Taylor aa President of
 the nation. I ask, what has eateo op North
 ern manhood—shrivelled op Northern honor T
 What else Uar»ubsiiluted4njuatice for justice
 over the length and breadth of the land, btit
 the alave power I Ate not these judgments
 inflicted for a people's departure from the
 right r
 Abner 11. Francis roforred in the hietory of
 nations jn proof that tfie evil-doer would be
 punished, and asked, if thus impressed, he
 coold have so little confidence in God as to
 doubt the fu!tilmea|4&gt;f his prophecy, or that
 fjadgment4*ftwisied this guilty couotry for it%
 wrong* 10 the slave, and to those norain ally
 termed fret- doored Americans, the proeerip-
 Uonot which latter class in their own native
 land, he believed was is vnany respects a
 liore grievous inflietion thin that elperienced
 by the slave. The resolotinh Calling upon
 abolitionists to ideqgify themselves with the
 coined American, vans spoßSi to by several.
 WdKam C. Nell narrated «oa*c incidents ot
 his own experience, where, when subjected to
 i coiorphobia persecution, prominent abolition
 ists had shown their colors,” defended his
 rights, and on some occasions even shared
 with him the indignities of a Jim Ctfow ear,
 which not otdy made good their claim to the
 name of abolitionist, but had the best effect
 upon lookers on.
 Wna. G.'Barker had been taught by his
 mother to treat colored persons as he would
 I others. He believed that parents, by com
 mencing at home to inculcate the piinciplesof
 equality, would be hying a foundation for the
 regeneration of society.
 I George W. Clark, E. \V. Capron and
 Richard Sully, concurred «i:i the expression
 that they had i.o such prejudice, but were
 happy to accord to colored friends tlie same in
 social life as to others.
 Giles B. Stebbins remarked that there was
 )no cause for wonder that colored persons
 themselves would shrink from opportunities
 oft-times cheerfully accorded, when it wat
 remembered what their treatment had been at
 the hands of the whites, reminding him of a
 fugitive slave he had once assisted, who, or
 being asked if he had any white blood in hit
 veins, replied, **No, thank God
 Frederick Douglass had some words it
 behalf of both white and colored persons,'
 urging upon them always to treat man as man
 it respective of complexion.
 Dt. Chase, of Cleveland, defended, at somi
 length and with much ability," the Unite*
 States Constitution from being prorslavery
 and was replied to by Frederick Douglass
 but as so much pro and con has been already
 submitted, the details of the discussion cai
 perhaps be waived without disparaging tin
 merits of either participant.
 Milo D. Codding presented his views of th&lt;
 Wilmot Proviso,believing that its enforeemen
 would materially aid in annihilating slavery
 J. C. Hathaway and Frederick Douglass ac
 corded to it all the merit they could discover
 but deemed it far short of what the enter
 gency demanded, or that abolitionists ahoulc
 be satisfied with, *B®
 The resolution denouncing the recent Pre
 sidential election as a true index of the pro
 slavery character of the American heart, wai
 (most eloquently supported by Frederick Dou
 glass. He defined a slaveholder to be on&lt;
 who had no moral objection to slavery. 'Thosi
 jwho had elected Gen. Taylor, a known slave
 holder,had thus’practically said to the slaves, W&lt;
 give reputation to the man who plunders you
 rights, and ploughs your back with the lash
 They had the power to reject, but insteat
 thereof, awarded their suffrages to the caodf
 date whose only qualifications were his skil
 !in butchering Mexicans and his unwavering
 fidelity to the bloody code of slavery. The
 entire speech was replete with lofty senti
 ment, bold denunciation, illustrated by mos
 apposite figures, and called forth many de
 monstrations of approval from the meeting.—
 But to be properly appreciated, the speed
 should have been heard.
 The resolutions, after being discussed bj
 the above-named speakers, Daniel Pound
 Ijewis Burtis, Benjamin Fish, Benjamin Price
 and others, were adopted by the meeting.
 George W. Clark blended, at appropriate
 intervals, his songs of freedom with most hap
 py effect.
 A vote of thanks to the proprietois of Con
 cert Hall for their courtesy, was unanimously
 adopted by the meeting.
 BENJAMIN FISH, Pres t.
 Wm. C. Nell, Sec’y.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, DECEMBER 2‘J, 1048.
 St. Thomas* Church, Philadelphia.—An&lt;
 other Letter from W. D.
 Firmness and perseverance are admirable
 qualities, and when displayed in the advocacj
 of a good cause, roust always command re
 spect and admiral ion from all who appreciate
 true manliness. They are powerful for goo&lt;]
 or for evil; and when arrayed in a bad cause,
 they are as much to be depjored as they art
 to be commended and admired in a good one
 It is needless for us to say that \V. D. pos
 sesses these qnalines to a great degree, foi
 his constant effort* in defence of Sr. Thomas
 Church proves this beyood a doubt. Whai
 means has he left untried for her defence
 Could any man labor more peractermgly tc
 shield that body from the blot of infamy which
 roust forever settle down upon the character oi
 every unrepenting pro-slavery cburch 1 Wt
 think not; and while we sincerely detest hu
 cause, we are compelled to acknowledge oui
 i respect for his courage, and will not deny tc
 him any consolation which tbs expression cat
 give. He has worked long and bard, and de
 servos well st ihe hands of bis friends, al
 though victory may not perch upon bis ban
 ner. A soldier of bis gallantry should not ge
 to battle at his own cost, but should be re
 warded not so much for what he accomplishes
 ,aa for what he has bravely undertaken. But
 (this we leave with W. D. and his ftamds,
 hoping that justice will be done him.
 Nothing daunted by the complete exposure
 to which we subjected St. Thomas's Church
 j mi the North Star of Bth December, be mss
 forth this week with ail the atfs of victory and
 glorious defiance. He describes, us as re
 treating, «wd darkening the atmosphere with
&gt;li« 7*nr dust of dot bee la. louring us ii
 truer confusion, he treats os to a picture of bii
 fevorita church. She it drawn at 44 looking
 her securer fall in the face—no joiuu Item
 Wing— no muaeslar mottos whatever is to fo
 perceived which indicates either remotar 01
 sbame but standing on the firm ground o
 Iter individuality, with all tsie calm cotnpoaun
 whici conscious innocents inspires.” &lt;Ele
 gtntft said; and if these were the unfailing
 indications of conscious innocence, we toigh
 add, truUpfully and triumphantly said, bo
 alas fur the pretty picture, appearances an
 often deceptive. External tranquility is no
 always the evidence of internal peace.—
 Some criminals there have been, who, bj
 their great self-possession, have been able to
 conceal their emotions to a surprising extent,
 giving no evidence of other remorse or
 shaiaiy and with brazen fronts they have
 loohad their accusers fulTin the face, eyincisjj
 no muacular action, Ac.; bat were guilty, ant]
 guilty to the last. It may yet turn out that
 this unabashed, unmoved and tranquil chuich
 owed more to importance than innocence foi
 the calmness of her outward mien.
 Oar opponent has studied metaphysics to m
 go|9 purpose, if he has yet to learn the
 sometimes the moat opposite qualities of min&lt;
 produce the samo outward manifestation, anc
 that there is danger of confounding thing!
 which are not only distinct, but things whicl
 are really opposite—that brazen impudence ii
 Sometimes taken tac meek innocence, am
 that a mere dogged adherence to error i
 sometimes regarded as a martyr-like adher
 ehce to the true faith. The path of life wouk
 |be plain indeed if all things were what they
 seem. But such is not the case. AH glorj
 is not the glory of God and there have beer
 cases where men have really gloried in theii
 shame! We are told that St. Thomas
 Church stands' —let her take heed lest sht
 fail. boasted individuality claimed foi
 that church, in all the circumstances of the
 case, is one of the most degrading claim?
 W. D. could make, and it is to be taken will
 some allowance, -as a desperate means of de
 fence, seized only as the very last resort.—
 What does all his triumph over what he re
 gards our inability to point out the link
 that binds St. Thomas’ Church to the Pro
 i testant Episcopal Church of America imply 1
 i It implies that no such “link” exists —that St
 Thomas’ Church is neither in fellowship will
 or in any wise responsible for the conduct o
 that church, or that the relation, if any exists
 is so equivocal and involved in so much dark
 i ness, that it will bejmpossible for us or an;
 one else to expose it to public view—that th
 I ordinary rules in denominational fellowship d
 1 not apply in respect to that church—that ther
 j is a wule difference between St. Thomas
 i Church in Philadelphia, and the white Epis
 i copalian Churches throughout the Union
 i that though called by the name, she has m
 j the rights of a legitimate child of the Pri
 i testant Episcopal Church. We do adm
 that there is some justification for this clairr
 i and that the relation of this church to th
 j main body is somewhat mysterious. Th:i
 St. Thomas’ ChQrch is treated as the offtprin
 j of the bondwoman by the mother church, an
 that her relation to the "Abrahamic' farnil
 requires some little explanation. She has a]
 the boast of having regularly descended,whil*
 she enjoys no part of the inheritance. She i
 a sister Episcopal Church, but her homely'
 and unhandsome features exclude her fron
 the company and society of her sisters. Sin
 has a mark upon her, and her mother cauno
 endure the sight of her. She is black, an*
 must not be allowed to associate with her sis
 ters, as it will injure their prospects in tin
 world. When company comes from abroad
 i especially from the South to attend tin
 “General Convention,” this unhappy child'
 must be meanly locked up or locked out,
 i whichever you please to have it, lest he
 j dark presence should give offence to the strung
 era, and thus mortify and lacerate the feelings
 of her more comely and beautiful sisters.—
 Her mother is ashamed of her, and her si*
 ters shrink in horror from contact with her.—
 I A member of tbe family, yet treated as an
 I alien! —a sister, yet treated worse than a
 stranger! When her name is called, she is
 made to answer by “proxy,” lest her unme
 lodious voice shall offend the refined and
 sensitive ears of her dear Episcopal sisters
 j This is the oppressive position of the Protest
 ant Episcopal Church, the mother and this
 is the degraded position of .St. Thomas'
 ChuTch, the child and for the latter to glory
 in her individuality, in such a condition, is tr
 glory in her shame. While the mother is
 thus proved to be a she monster of oppression
 j and tyranny, the daughter is proved to be a
 cringing and degraded slave. We repudiate
 the daughter for seeking to defend her wick
 edness from just rebuke. We regaid the
 Protestant Episcopal Church as no more
 worthy to be called the church of the living
 God, than is a den of thieves; and we calj
 upon St. Thomas’ Church to dissolve the
 union with this old enchantress at once,as the
 only means of vindicating her own self re
 spect, and placing herself in harmony with the
 cause of right eon* freedom.
 We might just here say a few words m re
 ply to W. D.’s allusion toahe impropriety and
 coarseness of our language. He seems
 greatly annoyed by our redenes* of speech, in
 calling his dear mother church an "old hag."
 This grates hard upon bis sensitive and refined
 ear. We are by no means insensible of tbe
 defective character of our language, and are
 not without hope of some improvement to this
 particular. We never expect, however, to
 become so perfect in the use of language as
 to please an opponent so fastidious as W. I&gt;.
 We might adopt him as our model, and use
 the word “Apollyon," when we mean tbe
 "Devil," and uae "pit'' when we mean “A#//,"
 ami yet we could hardly hope to escape un
 friendly eiittciam. In this respect, we bold to
 the laigest liberty consistent with truth
 May we be allowed to ask what better name
 would he have to apply to a church which
 claims to be the church of the living God, and
 yet retains wtthm ns communion, sa good
 Christian*, men gutijv of the crime of man
 stealing7 We apprehend, after all, it is not
 so raneh the coarseness of tbe words which
 we employ as the coarseness of the things
 which we express, that disturbs Iti» sensitive
 nerves. We presume he would not be die.
 turbod by any nuotster in the pulpit of Si.
 Thomas’ Church attempting to prove that the
 Knewsh Church is the Mother of Harlots.
 It sot the language, but the sppJieaiMo of
 it to which he doubtless objects.
 Tk«« m Mara W.
 JisFf
letter, which, to viear of its other defer*
 may demand n word of sommendation.
 has tar once adtoiUed, that the
 Episcopal church it 44 guilty of w*&lt;**»,«/„„
 prnudigt ogoift colored jpeoplb." Wehst*.
 says, A lawy*r will admit the truth,
 it Is in his own fever; ,f and the atmr n&gt;v f
 probably apply to a minister. In
 of the mndenct which we brought aga inn
 that charcb. he holds the following hhW,
 and circumlocutory language:
 M what doee all this away of testinmr.v
 amount to What weald be the verdict of**
 impartial jury from the testimony adduced.
 s-have no doubt but Ujer would fix the same
 brand of guiltiness upon her forehead, that
 marks every other denomination of professing
 Christians in the ooeetry the guilt of un
 chriatian prejudice against the people of color.”
 Every ether denomination f Misery
 knee company. At last otnr opponent ha*
 placed his mother church in the same cate
 gory of guthweaa wfeh every other denomina
 tion of professing Christiana in this country,
 lie has fixed the brand of guiltiness upon her
 forehead. This u something gained. And
 yet he does not leave himself without a fork
 door through which to escape from the full
 responsibility of this dangerous admission.
 He doea ndt my that he would fix the brand
 ot guiltiness upon the forehead of the Pro.
 testant Episcopal church, hut that lie has
 I that an impartial jury would do so. Ths
 partiality of W, D. is very strong, and it is
 not impossible that it may yet lead him to
 caat a veil over this brand of guiltiness
 against the church of his partial regard. Hut
 when he makes the attempt, may we be there
 to see
 There is one other thing with which ue
 are pleased. It ia, that the Rev. Mr. Alien,
 referred to in a former article of ours as a
 slaveholder, proves not to be a slaveholder
 This is satisfactory so far as it goes, though
 by no means all that can be rightfully de
 manded. We have been repeatedly told,
 when in Philadelphia, that this Rev. Mr.
 Allen was a slaveholder. The denial, as we
 understand it, merely'denies that he is now a
 slaveholder, hut does not say that he has
 never been a slaveholder: nor does it deny
 that he has preached in St. Thomas's church
 while he was known to be a slaveholder.
 Nor do we understand the denial to say, that
 the act of holding slaves would havo been a
 harrier lo his occupying the pulpit of Si.
 Thomas’s church. On this point, we should
 i like to be informed, whether, if Bishop Meade,
 (a bishop in good and regular standing in the
 Protestant Episcopal church) should propose
 to preach in St. Thomas's church, he would
 I be admitted. A\ e have doubt that he would
 i be admitted, nor have we any doubt that any
 slaveholder would lie admitted into that pul
 pit, who possessed the authority of an ordm
 ation. Phe reason of our confidence is drawn
 in part from the 23d Article of religion,
 found in the Book of Common Prayer,
 1 cording to the use of the Protestant Episco
 pal church in the Untied States of America.”
 j The Article referred to is as follows
 It is not lawful for any man to take ujou
 him the office of public preaching, or minis
 tering the sacraments, before he be lawful:,,
 j an&lt;i *rnt to execute the same and
 those WE OUGHT to judge lawfully called,
 which bo chosen and called to tins work by
 men who have public authority given unto
 them in tbe congregation, to call and semi
 ministers into the Eord'a vineyard.”
 W* have now come to a point where
 1 ma y mak e some further inquiries that
 i link.” in regard to our alleged inability i 0
 find which, W. D. makes such a flemish nt
 trumpets. We have quoted here an Artie!*
 of the religion of the Protestant Episcopal
 church, having a direct and unmistakeabl#
 bearing on the very question at issue, and the
 investigation ot which may throw noim
 light on the mysterious link which hinds St.
 Thomas’s church, Philadelphia, to the Pro
 testant Episcopal church of America. The
 first question is as to the genuineness of tins
 Article. Ihe answer is, We have given bur
 authority namely, the Common Prayer
 Book of the Protestant Episcopal church tu
 the United States of America. The next
 question is, as to whether the Article is bu.d
 :ng upon a part or upon the whole Protestant
 Episcopal church. Obviously and unavoid
 ably, it it lie binding upon any, it is binding
 upon all; or, if otherwise, the exceptions
 would have been stated. The next question
 is. Does St. Thomas's church receive ami
 this Hook of Common Ptayer, or does she
 reject and repudiate it 1 If the former, how
 can she escape the obligation which tins
 Article imposes? and if the latter, how dare
 she assume to be a Protestant Episcopal
 church Here is the rub. That church is
 either under the authority and in cotuniunion
 with the Protestant Episcopal church &lt;d
 America, or its tide is a gross fraud upon the
 public. If she is under the authority of H.e
 church, she is bound to receive whom the
 church may see fit to send—a slaveholder or
 any other villain and it she is not under the
 authority of the church, then are all her j*
 ular pretensions before the world an tumui,
 gated imposition. Take which alternative
 you please one or the other you must take,
 ami that early, or sutler the imputation ot a
 somew hat suspicion* character. But we look
 not for dodging we shall watch foj; good,
 nil ue have strong reason tor doing other
 wise. We shall therefore expect you to al
 low that the Article in question is biiMling
 upon St. Thomas's church; and that, while
 she remains in the Protestant Episci; i\
 church. she is solemnly bound to honor 31id
 comply with it.
 We shall be able to give a little more light
 on this link at a future time, as we mean
 to make ourselves thoroughly acquainted
 with the government of the Protestant Kpi*
 copal church.
 We leave W. D. tar the present, anu wo
 do so with the request that he will .how ut
 what, and against whom we have home m-n
 wanes* and also with the promise ihai m
 every such case, we will make every lepais-
 Uoo in our power. Our constant and stron,
 c*t desire is lo deal justly and speak truth
 folly towards ail men, as well of opponent*
 friends. To speak falsely is the la*t offeuce
 of w hich we shall long stand accused, if ib« re
 he means of freeing ourselves from the im
 putation. Hoping that our correspondent i*
 of ihe same rumd, we come at once to
 elosr— -r. o.
 To out Kkaocss.—Wc regret that ih'*
 crowded Mate of our columns tins v eck y re
 tools us from giv uig our readers some; ac
 const o| the Ladies’ Anti-Slavery Fair beUi
 to lfc» city Ust week There is a prohau.l y,
"
