"at Harrisburg, theS ‘apitali Wednesday Ctu
 I3tb inst. This body organised ia Um
 afternoon of the first day’* lhe l3th
 by the selection of a Present, thirteen Vice
 President*. and four Seatumm, the memo
 random of which I hare tom, but which, an
 this, you have received an official report of.-
 was a praiseworthy gathering, and tht
 Convention did much credit to their cooatita
 ent» and honor to themselves. Indeed, it w*
 ~ood to «itncas the assemblage of ao reaped
 able a body of colored freemen, manful);
 legislating for their nghla and the rigbta c
 their wires and ehildven, in common wttl
 uthera of thcii fellow-citizen*. The delegate
 were composed of farmers, mechanics ao
 laborers, and much talent was displayed in th&lt;
 discussion of the questions brought be for
 that bodv. Vfany of the moat distinguishes
 white citizens of the Capital, and several dts
 tiogutshed men of Philadelphia, were in con
 linual attendance. C. 1.. Remond and my
 self were favored with a m-at as honoran
 members. The Convention “at in the Shake
 -pear Saloon
 Among the moat important things done it
 the Cotrentioo, w as the adoption of a Con
 sutution and the establishment of a State Ex
 ecutire Board, which is located in Philidel
 phis. to have its auxiliaries in every county
 throughout the Commonwealth Each mem
 ber of these societies is taxed the sum of oof
 dollar |»er annum, for the purpose of raising
 a fund the object of which fund is. the es
 tablishment of a political temporary news
 paper, to be known as a campaigner,'’ to
 be issued every yeaT during an electioneering
 canvass and the session of the legislature, fot
 the purpose of agitating the great question ol
 the enfranchisement and political rights of tht
 colored freemen of Pennsylvania also th«
 employment ot suitable persons to tour tin
 State as agents, and keep up the interest be
 tore the people. I opine that an agent will Ik
 immediately placed in the field. I think ii
 probable that the Board may take some aetior
 in recommending the North Star a* a perma
 nent organ for our people in this State. This
 move would Ire well advised, since now that
 the North Star has quite a general circulation
 in the principle places through Pennsylvania;
 hence, whatever goes info its columns, will
 reach our people in this Slate generally.—
 [targe sums of money were pledged to carry
 out the above" measures. The Convention
 adjourned mnr dt&lt; on the evening of the 14th.
 Friday morning, the 15th, a large num
 ber, as a Committee from the Convention,
 headed by Mr. J. B. Yashon, President ol
 the Convention, and Robert Purvis, Esq., as
 orator, (C. L. Remond and myself being
 kindly invited to accompany the Committee,)
 ealled in a body, at 11 o'clock, A. M., on his
 Excellency, Wm. M. Johnson, Governor ol
 the Commonwealth, at the Executive Cham
 her, State Capital, as an act of civility due
 the Chief Magistrate from a portion of hi?
 constituents, though the humblest portion they
 may be.
 On entering the department, the Governoi
 was seated, who immediately arose and ad
 vanced to the centre of the chamber, the del
 egation quite filling the interior of the room,
 forming a semi-circle, his Excellency in the
 centie, who gracefully turned to either side,
 bowing with an earnest expression of coun
 tenance. We all bowed in return when
 Robert Purvis, in behalf of the delegation,
 made a few neat and appropriate, yet eloquent
 remarks, by the way of salutation, as nearly
 as 1 can recollect in the following words
 Your Excellency —On behalf of the Com
 mittee, a delegation from a disfranchised por
 tion ot your constituents, recently sitting in
 Convention m this borough, I present you
 wir, our most cordial congratulations. We feel,
 air, in common with the rest of your fellow
 citizens, a deep interest in all that concern:
 the welfare of the Cfgimonwealth, and hop«
 to participate in all the privileges enjoyed by
 others,” die.
 To this the Governor replied —“Gentle
 men and Fellow Human Beings: 1 fee
 giateful at all times foi such marks of per
 sonal respect and attention from any portion o
 the human family and had 1 the framing o
 the fundamental laws, there would be none o
 God’s creatures deprived of their liberty. S&lt;
 lar aa my authority is concerned, 1 do assun
 you that nothing shall tie wanting in tin
 faithful execution of justice to all.”
 To this his Excellency gracefully bowed
 the delegation simultaneously returning tin
 civility; when we left the department. Tin
 Governor is a statesman, having great discre
 tion, without which no man is suitable for tin
 office lie fills. Caution iff a prominent lacult;
 in the Governor, as you will perceive that h&lt;
 wav very careful in the selection of his words
 lie is a fine-looking man, standing full si:
 feet—gentlemanly in his deportment, with a
 grave and serious expression of countenance
 rather ten senior of what hisportrai
 would import.
 This evening, 1 addressed the Good Sa
 maritan Division of the Sons of Temperance
 in the Colored Methodist Church—Rev. Geo
 Galbrath, Messrs. McC’runimell, Martin anc
 McGlue participating. Saturday eveniug, th&lt;
 16th, I attended a meeting at Columbia, whicl
 was addressed by Messrs. Bias, Night ant
 Martin, of the Philadelphia delegation, ant
 that rare spirit, A. D. Shadd, of the Buck:
 county delegation.
 This and to-morrow even ings, I hold meeting:
 in this place, when 1 shall leave on Wednes
 day morning for Reading, Berks county
 where 1 expect to spend the remainder of tht
 week, and be in Philadelphia Chmtmai
 morning There is truly a great interest now
 being awakened among our people wherevei
 1 go indeed, they hail my visits with grati
 tude, declaring, as an intel lgent body rose uj
 in a meeting, after I had done speaking, ant
 eloquently expressed it. that my lectures or
 the moral elevation of the colored people,
 was “the very I«km4. f,&gt; r tt, e want of which
 the people s minds are starving to death.
 This subject appears to Im* u&gt; the minds of th«
 people generally, what electricity is to the
 great area of nature. Bui a n gle Hash it
 ectasary to light up the whole m a brilliant
 ffame, reflecting light in every direction,
 which startles the inuvi torpid and indifferent.
 It t* the great sensitive uerve, but a touch ol
 which arouses every fibre throughout the sys
 tem.
 What a reflection for the colored people ol
 thu country, that while the oppressed ul
 France, Denmark, Sweden, Wailachia, Tu
 nis, and even Bottom*, as well as several
 other placet, have demanded a restitution ol
wrongs, demanded liberty and bad H con
 ceded, ere are comparatively standing &lt;w,bA
 yet baring made tbe first athde towards it.—
 And yet our eflbrta are but moral, on weap
 on* Truth and Justice.
 If rrrry fee stood *ardtilid|bi tbe van.
 I’d Ifbt the* sb*W emabat, waa ta awa! M
 Youts for (*od and Unmaotty,
 M. R. D.
Communuotiona.
New Bedford, Dec. 90, 1848;
 Dear Doeolar* —I Have recently attended
 Quarterly Examination of out city High
 School. Ii ha* suggested R few thoughts in
 regard to prejudice, progress, See., which I
 wish to record, and which 1 hope may not be
 uninteresting to you or roor readers.
 Among the spectators at the examination,
 I noticed Mrs. Paulina Wright. She has
 been delivering a course of lectures here to
 ladies upon Anatomy and Physiology, and
 they are spoken of in high terms. ou may
 be aware that Jno. F. Emerson, Esq., is the
 Principal of this school. He is a true friend
 of the Anti-Slavery cause. In this his amia
 able wife is one with him. Long a witness
 of their devotion to that cause, I can never
 speak of them but with gratiud Years
 ago they felt themselves obliged, for con
 science’ sake, to come out of a pi o- slavery
 church, Which admitted to its holy communion
 those who traded in the bodies and souls of
 men, a course which exposed them to popular
 prejudice, subjected theta to the loss of
 many old associations and dear friend*. But
 his long experience, acknowledged-ahility and
 deserved reputation as a teacher, Ijgve enabled
 him to retain the place of Principal in our
 High School.
 Of the original pieces and recitations pte
 sented bv the pupils at the examination, I will
 speak of one, because it moved me at the
 time. It was Whittier’s poem, Massachu
 setts to Virginia,” written in ’43, during the
 Latimer excitement. It was recited by a lad,
 Georg? Wing. That boy, if he lives, will
 be an altolitionist—an advocate of justice.—
 You remember the Old Dominion had sent
 the bloodhounds up to Massachusetts, around
 the hearths and homes near;Bunker Hill—
 hunting human freedom amid the graves of
 the fathers. They had seized Latimer, and
 put him in a Boston jail; a Boston lawyer
 was base enough to hire himself attorney to a
 Virginia slave-catcher. The pecple were
 deeply excited. Whittier felt that the very
 stones would cry out. He spoke in that poem
 in language that thrills bne to read it.
 Wliat asks tlie Old Dominion? Tf now her sons have
 proved
 False lo their father’s memory—false to die faith
 ttiey loved;
 If she can scoff at Freedom, and its (treat Charter
 ■paru,
 Must vvr. of Massachusetts from Truth and Duty
 turn?
 We wage no war—we lift no arm—we ding no
 torch within
 The fire-damps of the (juaking mine beneath your
 soil of sin:
 We leave ye with your bondmen, to wrestle, while
 ye ran,
 Witli the strong upward tendencies and God-like
 soul ot man!
 But for us and for our children, (lie Vow tliat we inve
 given i
 For freedom and humanity, is registered in heaven— j
 No slave-hunt in our borders, no pirate oi ourj
 strand—
 No fetters in the Bay Slate, no slave upon our Land!
 These ate but a few lines from the poem.
 It was refreshing to the heart to hear it.—
 That such pieces are selected for recitation in
 our school, is significant.
 Thank God, in New Bedford schools there
 is no prejudice against colot tolerated. The
 pupils, white and colored, study and recite
 together. As a consequence, a sense of
 equality is cultivated—a spirit of emulation ia
 awakened among all classes. Side by side,
 all receive instruction. Minds and morals ex
 pand simultaneously under the generons hand
 of culture. The great truth, that God is the
 Father of all, and has made of one blood all
 the nations, is early impressed. Yet in many
 towns and cities of New’ England, it is still
 thought proper by the wise and prudent,’ 1
 to prohibit colored youth from enjoying equal
 school privileges. For several years past, in
 1 the city of Boston, with its reputation for
 wisdom and morality, the friends of justice
 1 have been laboring lo secure for her colored
 citizens an equal participation in the advan
 i tages of her excellent public schools. How
 Just the demand, that industrious, upright,
 i tax-paying citizens should have their children
 I enjoy the benefits of those institutions foj
 whose support they are equally taxed. To
 I deprive them of this is unjust. To colonize
 them into separate schools, whether under an
 indifferent or superior supervision, is both un
 j just and insulting.
 In 1845, the managers of our Lyceum es
 tabltshed a rule, colonizing the colored people
 who attended its lectures. A large number
 of its members rentonsUated against it.—
 j Their remonstrance was disregarded, and
 they withdrew- from the institution. Subee-
 I quently, those managers endeavored to secure
 the services of Ralph W. Emerson, Theodore
 Parker anti Chas. Sumner—among the jnost
 learned, eloquent and popular lecturers of
 this country. Each of these gentlemen at
 once refused to lecture before an institution,
 established for the impxovement of the people,
 i while its managers enforced a rule insulting
 and degrading to a large number who so
 greatly needed its benefits. My heart rever
 enced them for such a noble rebuke of the
 injustice. It has not been forgotten by the
 people of New Bedford, [nor without effect
 upon them.
 In 1846, the t# Lecture Association” was
 formed by those who protested against that
 rule of the Lyceum managers. Tbe associa
 tion was opened to all equally and unrestrict
 edly. It i* a standing protest against caste,
 and has been well sustained. When I men
 tion as among those who have lectured before
 it—Messrs. Osgood, of Providence, Hale, of
 New Hampshire, Clark, Charming, Garrison,
 Parker. Phillips and Sumner, of Boston, and
 Weirs, of our own city, nothing more need
 be said of the lecture* Since the Associa
 tion was formed, the managers of the Lyceum
 have [rescinded tbe unjust rule. Places of
 j popular amusement ard instiucuon are now
 i freely open to all. Among thoee who attend
 them, none conduct therasehes with meiepro
 pnety than our colored citueos.
 j Some time stare, several ladies visited our
 j city and attended (dace of amusement. The
performer, soppoaiPg that be could do wftli
 impuuity, allotted U&gt; thorn. The*
 left the performance. The *«**t day, the
 editor of one of the popeia, Mr. H. I iHlen,
 E*|., rebaked *the performer, amorhtg him
 that the intelligent people of Sew Bedford
 triß not eanctioo aoch eooioet.
 I know the disadvantages you labor under
 in New York*«n regard to school*. We feel
 as suffering with you. New England has yet
 much to do. Massachusetts, though in ad
 vance of the rest of the States, most cease
 entirely from injuiiog and insulting her col
 ored citizens, than whom, she haa none who
 more truly lore her tuauruiioon—none who
 will more earnestly tnr to deaerre her Are
 and protection.
 I hare We sac oar youth coming
 up with improved culture and humane senti
 ments, under a deeper cnoviction of the evils
 of war, intemperance, slavery and came—
 when public attention is aroused, as it never
 before has been, to these questions—when
 minds are fiikwfwith the thought of “Liberty,
 Equality, Fraternity” —when literature is be
 coming instinct with tbcit fpiiit, abolition
 ists look most hopefully to New England
 While they labor, and pray, and wait for the
 good time coming,’ as the shepherds t
 the star in the Ea«, they look to Naw F.ug
 land to go foiwaid.
 Yours for Truth,
 J. B SANDERSON.
Williamson, Jan. 2, 1848.
 Friend Douolass I noticed in the Star
 of Temperance an article, headed The Bi-
 hie Cause.” The writer says: “Already 1
 there has been a general distribution of the 1
 Bible gratuitously to every destitute family iu 1
 the United States, since the commencement j
 of lho efforts of the American Bible Society, j
 organized some forty years since.” Does the
 writer not know k that there are now' in the
 United States some seven or eight hundred
 thousand families who are destitute* of the
 Bible, and those who are reputed heathens,
 too, foi the want of that book, and a capacity
 to read it They are colored people, to be
 sure, but nevertheless they men and
 women, and have as much need of the Bible
 as their more fortunate white neighbors. If
 the Bible Society spoken of has not offered
 this numerous class of destitute fellow-crea
 tures ihe scriptures, it is a sad commentary on
 their fidelity to they k so zealously
 espouse. This making fish of one and flesh
 of another, is not exactly the right thing.
 As thou ait a plain, out-spoken reformer,
 would it not be well to remind the editor of
 the Star of Temperance of his great mis
 take, nnd desire that it may be corrected, in
 order that the public may become intelligent
 on this subject. Tbine for the Truth,
 G. M. C.
Capture of a Slaver, with over Four
 Hundred Slaves.—Capt. Kennard, of ship
 Goodwin, from Calcutta, last from St. Helena,
 Oct. 12, reports that a brier with upwards of
 400 slaves arrived at St. Helena in October,
 having been captured by H. B. M. ship Brito
 mart, on the West Coast of Africa, without
 colors or papers. She had been previously
 boarded several times by H. B. M. ship, Dart,
 when she was always repiesented as the
 American brig Frederica, with' American
 colon and papers. She waa taken at Congo
 river, St which place it appears she hid been
 delivered to Brazilian purchasers. She was
 sent to St. Helena for adjudication in the Ad
 mirality|Court. About forty of the negroes
 died on the passage. The others were put in
 the depot, and when in proper condition, if
 they are willing, will be sent to one of the
 West India Islands.
 The vessel captured, if we do not mistake,
 was a British bottom, condemned at Key
 West as unseaworthy, purchased by Ameri
 cana, and sent to Rio Janeiro, under a sea
 letter, and from thence proceeded to Africa.
 Boston Advertiser.
Northern Democracy. —The mort alarm
 ing result of the election of Taylor has been
 to strike down, never to rise again, the noble
 band of Northern Democracy, who have fought
 our battles from the beginning of the slavery
 agitation down to the present tuue. But they
 have fought the last fight for us. The South
 ern States would not sustain them, and they
 are henceforth and forever driven by a portion
 of the Southern people, led on by Southern
 Whiggery, to take sides in common with all
 the Northern Whigs against us. They can
 stand upon their feet no longer, with success.
 Northern and Southern W higgery charging
 them from opposite quarters of the Union.
 They are now, by the force of circumstances
 added to the. ranks of Northern fanaticism
 the whole North is against us. This is the
 result of the election of Taylor and Fillmore
 by the Southern W T higs. They have sown
 the wind and will reap the whirlwind. Were
 the storm to burst alone upon their own heads
 it would be but a just punishment for the
 recklessness with which they have acted,
 But we all embarked in the same bottom
 All that we can do, is to hold the pilots wht
 have steered the ship into this stormy sea, tc
 a dread responsibility. The day of reckon'
 ing is close at hand.— [Sant Heim (Georgia)
 Banner.
Gradual Emancipation in Kentucky-—'
 The Georgetown (Kv.) Herald says that a
 paper, entitled the Chronicle, will soon be
 established in Louisville, by John C. Noble,
 with a view to oppose any form of emancipa
 tion whatsoever. The (Courier, of that place, 1
 has already taken ground in favor of emanci
 pation, and it is supposed that after the elec-
 lion, the Journal and the Democrat there will
 take similar ground. Some other papers, the
 Herald learns, in Kentucky, will come out for
 emancipation when the Presidential question
 shall have been settled.
 An old citizen of Kentucky, writing to us
 a few days since, remarked: “If we fail to
 secure emancipation, I and a good many of my,
 friends will pull up stakes, and leave old Ken-:
 tucky to her thraldom.”
 We have no doubt that should the decision
 of the convention be against emancipation in
 any form, Kentucky will lose multitudes of
 her best citizeos, who now linger by their
 homesteads, in the hope that a better «lay is
 dawning. —National Era.
 The Tribune says that the three great
 bobbies upon which all classes of people now
 ride in the city, are California, Cholera, and
 Congress.
Alarm Among thz Missocat Slavehold
 ers.—A meeting of ultra pro-slavery loco
 focal was held at Versailles. Mo. recently.
 The proceedings of the meeting were of a
 similar character with the ridiculous pronuaei
 memos continually takingpiace in the king
 dom of South Carolina. The course of Sena
 tor Beaton wan strongly reprobated and great
 alarm wan expressed at the rapid program of
 the Abolition movements at the north. A
 mpi|ir inerting was to have bees held at
 Fayette, Howard 00. on the 23d in*.—
 Tnbune.
Abtist l*es»e«*tta.— Ost of the three
 two hundred Paris insurgents trans
 ported, them ate no leas than one hundred sad
 fifty artists, or shorn ooe-tweatmh M the
 whole. Whihtf every nation u&gt; Europe is
 reprewnted amongst theta, there it me am
 Englishman dot even aa Irishman.
The Patriarchal gyrif Wa— mtiu
 Prait*—ftwwtheni Barlwha.
 RteaTT Lrttn.r Ywiw Nmo .Sum
 Fo* Salk at Watcmm C —frinar Ser
 &gt;iat* af ail oeeupsiurtw. ail
 £»f about bavejjnst trriiri, aawy float Vir
 ginia, and are offered for wle at a mail ad*
 ranee ou Richmond cost, for caab or approved
 accepted drafts on Near Orleans, payable nae,
 !ao, three or four months after date, with
 interest added on tbe cash price.
 Planters and other* wasting to porehaae
 renraots. will find it to their interna to eall
 an me, as my arrangement* areao complete,
 ind mmpeaw*N ranch leaa tbaa tbe regular
 dealers in New Orleans, that I can aad will
 tell from $25 to $5O per bead leaa than they
 ran possibly afford to do.
 1 shall be receiving fresh supplies at short
 intervals during tbe whole of ibo business
 icaaon, and can always be found at tbe Fork
 Roads, ooe mile from Natchez, with a food
 assort mem on band.
 JOHN D JAMES.
 —.V. O. Ptcoyvne
 Nag roes, Negroes —Just Received and
 for sale at No. 7 Moreau street, Third Muni
 cipality, a large and likely lot of Negroes,
 consisting of Field Hands, House Servants
 tnd Mechanics. Will be receiving new lots
 regularly from Virginia dutiog the season.
 WM F. TALAOTT
 -Ibid.
 Seamstress and Hocse Servant.—A
 likely Negro Woman, about 30 yean old, a
 first rale seamstress and House servant, none
 tuperior, thoroughly acclimated and fully
 guarantied. Price, $BOO. For sale by
 CONVERSE C0.,97 Tehoupitoulas st.
 —Jbid.
 House Servant for Sale—A Woman,
 iboot thirty years old. She is an gpeelleot
 washer and ironer, and understands cooking.
 Foa terras, apply to J. P. WHITE, 26
 Camp street. Hid.
 Bloody Traof.dy—Three Men killet! and j
 several Wounded. The town of Yellvill, in
 Marion county, Arkansas, on last Monday
 week, (says the Bateville Eagle,) was the
 scene of one of the most frightful and dis
 graceful rencontres that we have ever
 known.
 We would premise that, for many years,
 there has been waged, between the Turn and i
 their friends, on the one part, and the Everetts
 and their friends, on the other, a most deadly
 feud. The war between the Montagues and
 Capulets did not begin toequalit.
 It seems that a man named Mooney, who
 belongs to the Everett wing, was badly
 beaten some three or four weeks sityec and
 that the Everetts and Mooney got up a kind
 of agreement among themselves, by which
 they and their adherents formed thetnvelves
 into a regulating party, and had declared that
 the Kings, Shelt, Williams, and Mampton
 Tutt, must leave the country.
 On Monday, they ail met at Yellville.
 Hampton Tutt has a store there, and was
 prudent enough to keep out the way. He
 knew r that a row would be raised, and that
 they would, if possible, kill him. Jesse Tur
 ner, Esq., spoke there that day, and after
 the speaking, the two parties, armed to the
 teeth, had some words, and drew up in bat
 tle array—but the matter was quieted, and no
 outbreak took place. Towards evening, and
 when the people had pretty generally left for
 home, the fight commenced. A man by the
 name of Watkins, of the Everett party, shot
 down Jack King. At the same time, Sim.
 Everett fired at Sinclair and missed him.
 Sinclair returned this shot, and mortally
 wounded Everett. King's brother was shot
 at by Bartlett Everett, the ball grazing bis
 shoulder; he in turn shot Bart. Everett dead
 in his tracks. After Sim. Evereit was shot,
 he gathered a rock, and pursued Sinclair;
 but finding King, who had been shot in the
 beginning of the fight, he turned on him
 and mashed his skull in a snocking manner,
 and expired while in tbe ac t. King lived
 Watkins'was badly beaten. He was taken
 into custody, but made his escape that night.
 It is to be hoped that the people of Marion
 will unite in putting down these deeds of
 blood. We fear, however, that the matter is
 not at an end.
 Horrid Murder. —A man by the name of
 William Hamilton was brutally murdered at
 Jackson Post, Ark., on the Bth inst. He
 was a hand on board the steamer Kate Kirk
 wood, and went up to the hotel, when she
 landed where he found three fellows—Josiah
 McManus, John Dougherty, and Dick Crump,
 quarrelling with the bar-keeper, whom they
 beat and gouged shamefully. Hamilton in
 terfered, saying that they were annoying the
 family. Hereupon, they turned upon Hamil
 ton, kicked him out of doors, and told him to
 run, or they would shoot him. He was walk
 ing towards the boat, and refused to run,
 when McManus shot him. Crump went up,
 presented his pistol at Hamilton’s head: Ham
 ilton begged him not to shoot—Crump did
 not shoot, but stamped his face and chest
 brutally. The scoundrels then deliberately
 rode out of town. Hamilton died the next
 day, the ball taking effect in his side and
 lodged in his chest. Pursuit was made next
 day for the murderers. Hamilton was a
 native of Washington city.
 Another Murder.—TheCincinnati Chron
 icle states that, in the woods back of Coving
 ton, Kv., some three or four persons met for,
 a spree. While indulging in ibeir liquor, a
 boy, about fifteen years of age, named John
 Gye, happened to be among them, and one ot
 them attempted to force him to drink—Gye
 having peremptorily declined on the first offer.
 Iu a scuffle w hich ensued, Gyq street tbe
 man, when the lauei drew a pistol, and shot
 the boy through the body. Gye was carried
 to Covington, and placed under the care of a
 physician, and when our reporter left last
 evening, he was not expected to survive more
 than an hour or two. Officers were out in
 pursuit of the tneu.
 Sad Affair.—The New Orleans Picay
 une thus describes the mortal affray at Baton
 Rouge, between Dr. Byrd and Dr. Skillraan
 The cause seems to have been the seduction,
 by the former, of a lady related to tbe latter.
 Dr. Edward Skillraan, a roost worthy and
 excellent young man, a native of W est Feliei
 ana, but at present residing in Ouachita, hear
 ing of the insult offered to the family of which
 he was one of the props and defenders, came
 to Baton Rouge, to save that honor which
 was dearer to him than life- Shortly after
 his arrival, Dr. S. was introduced to Byrd,
 i and then, requesting his introducer to leave
 them alone for a few moments, the door of
 I Byrd's office was closed.
 From the snbeequent dying confesawM of
 Dr. Ski!!man, it appears that he asked Byrd
 if he was ready to make the only atonement
 which the nature of tbe injury he bad dooe
 to his family's peace and honor allowed to
 which Byrd returned a negative answer.
 Shiftman then drew a p«-l. *odfired twice
 at Byrd, who retreated into a back room the
 door of which be closed on the u»de. Shift
 man struck it the door, and endeavored to
 force it, when suddenly Byrd opened it, and
 Shiftman being forced forward, Byrd, who
 was standing near tbe door as it open, sprang
 upon him with a knife, awi mfoemd so less
 than seven woonds upon SktUman s body.
 The latter defended himself‘as weft as he
 could with to P-J'l. h *“*“2
 several Revere wooads on Byrd a head, and
 finally succeeded is throwing By id down,
 «tvj mLinp awßv hiv knife; he was in the
 let of .Gtoo* too, «ton warn
 nttbed m in) polled turn &lt;HT. SfaltoM &lt;tod
 of to wooodt .hortlt Uto to ifcu, tod
 Bpni bftttottw. i»d Ptod
 cuv to Motile. Froa *to he V.l**
 mfomted HUH of fc*to« PC"**"* tbj to*,
 ■odrapocuto ."W"*- 1
 toppjSfcf-” w "W"*
 tragedy ends here.
 A man bein£ arrested h* wife,
 MNMi uiimuuoas*
Comtntrr i nl
Rocaxorrt. Ju. 5, 1848.
 TW mt fraa alnd is r—iilunj mtnlh
 wraMi, aai fetters ef kenadfanlm kite pm ap dm
 ditaad. la fear dam has hata safes to a fair
 lisa at iapwsd prim. Hafen aras nHj fe Ur
 sitaas, fea thr sartw aafty thmsfe iapra**aasl
 oa fart swk’t prw. Hohftws mt Cwa alffid
 tfetr nears this nsnrniag aad dnaad 4a ft mt* in
 advance, hai bayen did art appear. Wfasrt is qeMr
 dnk witli fart a frw samplto safae amrfcet.
 Isrfeder Wbalesale Price* Carnal*
 FIjOCR md MEAL—Derr 28 p e ad ral
 Flour,* tod IN
 Cora bmsL a bash ftft
 PROVISIONS. —Dots ;Bccf,Pork JfeaM, Bacon,
 Batter aad Lard, 38 p e; CbtaNpcadnl
 Park, (mss) IS 00
 Do. ia bog 400 4 50
 Beef. ran. 390 4
 Do. bbl. (ana) 700 800
 Lard (triad) p 8
 Do. (kaQ m..
 Haas, (smoked) 7 8
 Shoulders, do. 0
 Turkeys *ffi 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bash 44
 GRAIN—Duty; t(&gt; r ad val
 Wheat, bash 1 06
 Corn 60#..03
 Rye 50
 Oats 26 27
 Hurley
 HIDES—Duty; 8 p e ad sal'
 Stabler ..34
 cm? u»
 Sheep Peks tf| 25
 SEEDS—Day; Linseed 10 pr; Mustard 90 p
 c ad tral
 .Clover
 Timothy 125
 Flax 1 00
 FISH—Day on foreign caught; 20 pcad ml
 WhiuMi hU 7 00
 Codfish cat 8 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah,p bW 125
 Apples, p hush .00
 Do. dried 75
 Eggs, p dor 10
 Beans, p bash 75 I 00
 Hay, p ton 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 THF. NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, via:
 Hand-hills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, fee.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by Itinurif, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Opn to the Public, from 9, A.M. to 8 P.M.
 The anti-slavery office a*i&gt; read
 ing ROOM, No. 25, Buffalo Street. The
 Room is neatly furnished, and the tables filled with
 some of the liest Anti-Slavery, Temperance, Reli
 gions, Political and Literary Papers.
WAIT J. LFVVIS, Land Surveyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
Cash Grocery aid Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, corner of North street.
 JUST received a foil assortment of new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hhd*. sugar of various qualities
 16 bbl* Stuar’u crushed ana coffee sugar
 8 hhds Molasses
 Stuart's syrup, a beautiful article for table u*e
 16 chests imperial Old Hyson and Young Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 I have as choice a lot of Teas as can be found in
 fan tits; jm Hrsg Oh) Httts- superior Jonh
 selected Young Hyson and extrT Every
 pound mid mil it warranted.
 Rice, Raisins, Fiuit, Spices, and a variety of
 miscellaneous articles, too numerous to mention.
 Pork, Lard, and Hams,
 Codfish, Mackerel, fee. fee.
 My prices shall be as low as at any establishment
 in the city, as I purchase at the lowest rates i n the
 Eastern market, and sell for cash. Farmers, city
 families, and dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if they can make their purchases mu
 tually advantageous, as I tiust they can.
 G. B. STEBBINS.
 Rochester, Dec. 1,1848. 8m49
Free Lahtr Groceries.
 I HAVE jost received, and shall keep constantly
 on hand, a good assortment of
 Brown and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Cofiee,
 Ail the products of Frot Labor. Those iu want of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can be as
 sured of the genuineness of the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 193, Main, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1,1848. 3m49
pHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848. 3m49
New Witch in i Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold" and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Ringa—o
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pena,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fiue Cutlery, Ac. Ac.
 The above aad a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are f &gt;ffer*d on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market. a
 We manufacture aad keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Amr
 ricaa com.
 Will also keep aa assortment of Aecordeoas aad
 other Musical Instrument*, which will he sold very
 low.
 We inlead to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eight-day, 90 hour,aad alarum Clocks, as can
 be found ui this cay.—Call aad sac them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, fiuddally done aad war
 reared by aaexpeneaeed workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 Stale Street.
 J- KEDZIE A Co.
 P. B.—To the Farmers ia particular we would
 give aotice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that kaourladfc of the changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to adept his business to it*
 venations. Please caM aad examine them, as every
 ■as ought to hare one.
 Sep. 19,1M8. 6m.
AUBURN ui ROCHESTER
 BAIL.ROAB
 ON sad after Mnaday, 29d October the throe Pass
 eager Trains will he arranged m fafews—
 Eastward. —To leave Rochester at 4 a.*., II
 a-*-, awd 44
 Wmwita.—To leave ft dims at 24 t.i.»4
 aad 4| M.
 No Tram hams Rsrbsisei Eastward oa Sunday
 at 11 A- *.er at ».M.
 5a Traia leaves Ankara Westward so Sea day, at
 Rochester aad Afaare wifl ha RS 31 in first dare
 care. Tickets wiUdsoJw sold smathre dm^hahlsr
 at iu huiad priaat, to hTpsitdwd hsreaf
 m.
 Time tick sat are hum Rochester la Syracuse,
 Uma aad A l l rSJIw
 The other tarn traiae an toned to net there la 14
 WM. WILEY. Hopenaaaadewi.
 lirhaetar. On. 3^1349.
lAlr-CRtOf «ai Wnwtm rt
 TYALPH FRANCE'S Mesa. uwfar the lagls
fee.. For Safe at fae AnTfgk*™**
 Dornrt feßron** Roots. No. M B«**
 el.. Second Stars »«e the Arcade-
 Narrative *4 Frederick Pwgfe*.
 J.santfew Walk«r.
 Potlc.it
 ljp"n L ncwnrtitnriotW iiv of ShTerv.
 -Pfj
 Legion n| Liberty.
 Bfeevvy ißn'trsied by it* rifted mWosmc.
 Afeo a rich variety of Fratr arril ulklei
 •ntfe far the Ladies Aat»-£»fe*ery Society,
DR. A. CLARK.
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 1 would respretfaflv inform thr ciuseo* of Rochester
 and —Toaadiog contort. that I hare removed my
 office from No 9§ Smith'* Arcade m nr dwcßiag
 haw No. 92 Monroe Street.
 ‘lfan.AuU for pa« favors in the line of my profes
 uoa, aad flattering myself that I can pvt perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all thoee wbe are de
 mons offaavmg operations performed an the tenth or
 ef having teeth insetted to rail on me and satisfy
 feMdvei.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. AH operations pesfotfaed by me on the
 teeth aad Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1849- tf.
SEW PtMP FACTORY.
 PTE subecriber takes this method to inform the
 eitisrns of Rochester aad vicinity, that be has
 imt established a Pump Factory, at' number 224,
 Main street. where be w ill be happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in hie line of
 busmens,' he pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as can be procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pump* are famished with either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also supplies, to order,
 ever} description of Aqueduct Logp, or Lead Pipe.
 The suhsrriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the informattoo, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. AH kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 QCJ- The above work will be famished at the 1
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing risen lien*.
 j p FELT
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
 Xew and Second-Hand (loihing,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 his friends and the Public generally, that he has
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment of New t
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Panta- j
 loons, Nests, fee., with which lie will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 L. S. desires also to inform the Public, that he
 attends to repairing and renovating, which lie war
 rants to be done at Uie cheapest rate, and iu the
 best and neatest possible manner. His long expet i
 ence in the business warrants him in assuring all:
 whn may patronise him, that his work -liall be none
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14, 1948.
TRIVkS! TRI .NhS!
 THE first quality of article is to be had at I.AING
 BON NELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Vali3es, Travelling Bags, fee., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House'
 J. T. L. having bad extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who snail favor him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 3m
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drags, Medi
 cines, Chemical*, Dye Stuff*, Paint*, Varnish,
 Oil*, Glassware,Brushes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, Frgncli and German Chemical*, Artist*’
 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, Etherial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, fee. fee.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from the Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on the most favorable terms.
 Homoeopathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agwts for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial Oil and Lamps, for
 bar nine the same. Those who would consult eco-
 tvnivwncnw me ravnea to examine ttmrm
 Lamps. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, wishing goods in the
 above line, is requested at tlie APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
FFR AND SILK H ITS.
 FARRINGTON PRICK, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk Hats, Cloth and Fur
 Caps, Ladies* Furs and Trimming!*. Buffalo Robes
 and an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, Ac.,
 Ac. Ac., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 99* A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they nave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers wiU find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jvlO SAGE A PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white ami sinnoth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly tor
 ■ale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at sboit notice.
 Printers and others wiil do well to call and exam
 ine the nimlitv and price, at N'o.'G Exchange st.
 FISHER A Co.
 jv2l Book-ellers and Publishers.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 Cornbili—namely,
 The Liberty Bell for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of William W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Puce, bound,
 97$ cts; in paper covers, 26 ct».
 Mr. .Shackford’s Appeal in regard to the War with
 Mexico, 12| cts.
 Position and Duties of the North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. S cu.
 Six Months at Grarfenberg- By Hear? C. Wright.
 31,00.
 Dick Crowningshieki, the assassin, aad Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 cu. single; 25
 cts. per dozen.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW’ copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THEABOLIT lON OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on the subsequent
 abolition of Slavery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of the Author, done oo steel,— a
 book srhidt could not be imported for lest than three
 dollars, can be bad at 21, Cornbili, if applied fot
 isaaiediatehr, at the very low price of Ox E Doll a a,
 cash. Also, EULOCIUM ON CLARKSON, by
 Aleeaxdes Cockrell, at the seduced price o&lt;
 twelve aad a half eeata.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney aad Counsellor
 at Law, Massarhreetu Block.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 10, Break Street, having
 made meat adrhrtaaa talks slock, ia prepared to
 tarnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, at aa rood bmteeml
 sad it, aad at as cheap prices, as caa he rbraiprd ia
 the eby-
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHINfc STORE,
 14. 64, Uxiox Strict, Rostov.
 TORN WRIGHT keeps. coaaaetJy on hand i
 v pant variety at Naw aad Sdbood mod Clothing
 Goods afakkiada. sack as aid clothes,
 Wrnehas, Basis aadthoaa, Ac., wrhangsd far aw
 efajkfaf- kind* at goods
 T4AAC H SNOWDEN. Book. Newspaper, aa i
 A Fawev Job Prisflar, Is, Wnßr Awd*
 ardaw ptnaptly awes fad aa, aad aaady
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 fPBE islsrtfet fat* r»i.*od to fast neat, rosve
 -1 sins, sod raimllntffa|4MMi«, 8«. 2ft Central
 Court, where he will be moo* happy to nefanmr snow
 of the Friends of Reform, it r* inwiblt charges.—
 He w inbes fee house to he fa* central fats is Bea
 ton, where the friends of Temperance, rear*. Purity,
 Freedom, the Prisoner, fee., may meet together,ad
 enjoy a comfortable ami quiet feme.
 Central Court opr*- at 288 Washington sous*
 JOHN M. 9PEAR
 Boston. Ang, 21, 1848.
 THOM 49 P. SMITH. Na. a. Bottle Suvrt.
 sign rt the Golden Rail. New and Reread
 head t'totting Store.
The HassiclDeus Qiirterlylerleß,
 (COMMENCED on the fast nf December, 1847.
 x/ to cwnisml on the Ist of March. Jsae, ami
 *nd Septcssbev. h w-.M fe devoted to the into ram
 of no party ov th*«, bn iu conductors wiH eadsa
 voexo present an open nad fair field for the not***
 and discussion of matters pevtniaimr to Phhatfe,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, aad Hsmanitv.
 The Renew uitl be conducted K R w Eafa
 son, Thcoduie Parker, and J. Elliot'Cabot aeetttml
 by several other geotlevaes.
 Each number will contain about 125 meet, at ife
 jwtee «if S 3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, subscriptions, fee should be
 addressed to tbe Publishers,
 COOLIDGE fe WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Boston
ROBERT MORRIS, J*., Attorney aad Conn
 *elk»r at law, Braxer’* Building, State Street,
 Boston.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cuttiv Bafeoa,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstoua at.
\EH YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, and for safe at the office of
 of tbe Anti Slavery Standard—
 Tbe Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, I0»h
 edition.
 This work ennuins about 280 pages of dote
 reading; 800 eminent authorities, and abort sixty
 illustrative engraving-. Price 87ft cts. in mutlm,
 and 25 cents iu paper covert. A sety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, aad Appeal of
 Women, from various authors, 12| cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents."
 Wm. VV. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H.’M.
 Pui'kburst, Boston—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Yin LLI AM 9. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61.
 W Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNF. SMITH, 93, West Broad
 wav.
TJ INNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 O No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on tbe most reasonable terms.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 form his friends and the public, tlut fie continuns
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 hia home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Drawing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 VItAl BE BEADY IN A FEW DAYS,
 VV Walker’s Appeal, with a brief sketebof
 his life by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, Mahnxt’s Address'\o the Slaves of the Chi
 ted States. This address was repeated by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders eatly.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Tbb
 Past ardPre?e!»t Cowdition or the Coton
 El&gt; Race, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish
 ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 prucuring honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may require them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified -and in want thereof, negs leave
 to refer to die following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 references:
 Andrew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Rohm .Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Che* nut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1348. ly—26.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—96
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslim. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas.
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels,
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron ami Furuiture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling, Ac.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brows,and
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, and Pulverized Sugar-
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite (he attest ion
 of country merchants, as well as his fr foods aad lbs
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR.
 Northwest corner Fifth aad Cherrymts.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. if
Free Laker teo4s.
 MANUFACTURED by the Aaaricaa Free Pro
 due* Association, aad for sale at No. tt,North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron aad Fur
 aiture; Canton Flannel, wablearbed; Masha,
 bleached aad unbleached, of various qualities lad
 sniff; thin Muslin for Imumw, brown aad colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black aad white Wadding;
 Couoo Laps; Lamp Wick; Bod Ticking, an aa
 celkat article; Cshee, Stockings, Knitting Canoe,
 bur hue.
 Orders 6* Goode, or letlere desk mg reformat mo.
 may be addressed to J. Miller MclGm, 91, North
 Fifth-street, Daniel L. Milfar, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mutt, No- Iff, Church Alley.
 A fares and handsome aeoortteout at Prints now
 ookaod- j*l—&lt;/
iBU-ftlarery Offlct,
 No. 31. Sertk Fifth Street, PModelfh*.
 A FULL assortment of MU-thray |aAlii«»»—
 fa kept Constantly on kaad. Alsu a Iwffdsems
 ninety of miscelfaneou* publications, sad •erne
 aad fancy Stationery. An*
 ISSJTt. 1&amp; l KSr«&gt;*
 Fifth-street,
 THE DELAWARE ABOLTnofilfT-
 W». ll.au
 ia fißflflKiptl.w** us ISO VIB fti«
 hbd, eras sAaa as the amass cam ba +mm*.
 JAM— R.JtROOKr^
"
