"rMD T«v I
 M. R.JDF.LANY, j
VOL. 11. NO. 3.
The NORTH STAR is published *T*n
 Friday, at No. *5, Buffalo Street,
 (Qjpf »wf« eA* Arcnde.)
 TERMS.
 Tiro dollary per annum, mlmayt advance. No
 rahacripUoa will he received for a U»* trrnt&gt; 1
 iux aoob. l pip,
 Advmieementi not exceeding
 three time* lor one dollar; every *ul*«equeu
 lioo, twenty-five cent*-
 THE object of the North Star will be toaturK
 Slavery ie all iu forme and
 Universal Ehanciyation; exalt
 of Public Morality; promote the moral Rad in
 tellectoal improvement of the Color **s°**'*’
 and heetea the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 MILLIONS of our EHM.AVRO Fallow 'OV.
 TRYMEN.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 ft*. All communications rclatine to the bumna
 m aftert of the paper, name* ofyubicnben., rem.t
 uncee, Ac., should he adduced to Jon* Dick,
 Agents, and all other* sending mme***
 emmsted to be accurate, and give the Pott Office,
 he County, and the State. Each Subscriber im
 mediately credited for money received.
 (0- Any person sending in tlie payment for f
 subscribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 QCy All letters and communications until oe j&gt;o#
 paid.
 Llrfl OfTgENTS.
 Massachusetts.— R. F.
 Boston Natlwii Johnson. New Bedlord; HoraimW.
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffuro. Lyn..; Geoje
 Evan#, Worcester; Bourne Spoowr,
 Chart, II Seth. Springfield David
 Northampton; 11. &lt;’arpentcr, I pto»-
 Maiuk.—Oliver Denneii, I ortland.
 Verhovt. —Rowland T. Ramson, North her
 lav&gt;nard, New Haven
 Nrw II on 'iiir»: -UVare Bradford
 n.. v York. —Svdnev 11. *ay* JVissau
 Street Jame# MetWSmith,93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westhury, Uueen (N.utrtv; Mary llar
 |#r. Album I’lias Dotv, Maceilon; W illetts
 Peru, Pinion County; W illiam S. Baltimore, In.y
 J. F. Plait, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, («cn» va; E. L.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancy Paine, Provtdasee.
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. M Kim, 31, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines 8, Excliange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Win. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Rolerts, Jacob 1.. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; VVat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veysburgh, Warren Co.; Suinuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, W ayne In
jToUg of out bit treaties.
CANT AND BLACKGUARDISM.
 Col. Schouler, the editor of the Bos
 ton Atlas, and the purchased tool of the
 Boston cottonocracy .writes from Wash
 ington in the following strain:
 In the House, Monday is always,
 taken up with petitions, memorials, res
 olutions and bills. Such was the course
 to-day. The only thing remarkable
 offered, was a bill by Mr. Giddings,
 which provided, as its title set forth, to
 take the opinion of the people of the
 District of Columbia upon the question
 of abolishing slavery in the District.
 But the bill was drawn in such a way
 as to defeat the object ostensibly set
 forth. Among other things, it provided
 that every male person in the District
 of 21 years of age, should have the
 right to vote upon that question. A
 member asked Mr. Giddings it he in
 tended to admit the slaves themselves to
 vote upon the question. He said yes;
 he knew no distinction in persons. He
 ■aid, however, he would insert in the
 bill, if desired, that neither slaves nor
 slaveholders should vote on the ques
 tion. There are several other sections
 of the bill so worded, and no doubt in
 tentionally, as to exasperate the South
 ern members, and to defeat the very
 furpose proposed to be accomplished.
 think it is about time to expose this
 species of Northern demagogueisrn If
 we ever expect to accomplish any prac
 tical benefit to the slave, we must take
 the matter up in a fair, candid and ra
 tional manner. The bill offered to-day
 by Mr. Giddings, was doubtless intend
 ed, first, to exasperate the South, and,
 second, to entrap the W higs of the
 Nortß. It was, however, laid on the
 table. The proposition that the slaves
 should vote, comes with an ill grace
 from Mr. Giddings; for in Ohio, frftm
 whence lie comes, free colored persons
 are not permitted to vote at any elec
 tion, and their testimony is not admitted
 in any Court of Justice. Yet this
 ‘philanthropist’ comes all the way to
 Washington, and hurries in a bill per
 mitting the slaves to vote. I think that
 in no States of the Union but Rhode
 Island, Massachusetts, Vermont, and
 Maine, are colored persons admitted to
 vole. 1 do not say this is right—far
 from it. 1 think that colored persons,
 living in the free States, should have
 the rights guaranteed to them which
 the white citizens have. I have no
 doubt if a hill property drawn had been
 presented lor taking the sense ot the
 people upon the subject of Abolition in
 the District, it would have passed. But
 that was just the thing Mr. Giddings
 and his linle knot of impracticables
 didn’t want. They desire not to abol
 ish slavery, or to ascertain the wishes
 of the people in the District. Their
 aim is to agilate, and to exasperatc,and
 to make their constituents believe that!
 they are very brave men and the exclu
 sive friends of the slave. If they can
 only keep up the excitement, and se
 cure their eight dollars a day and mile
 age, their real desires are accomplish
 ed. We ask the people to consider
 these matters. Let them hereafter ex
 amine more closely into the motives
 which actuate these factionists, and
 they will discover the whole to be pre
 tence; instead of a high Christian phi
 lanthropy being the base of their
 action, it is a sordid, malignant selfish
 ness.”
 THE hOl THKBN CAULTS.
 The Washington Correspondent of
 the Philadelphia Inquirer gives the foJ
 owing as the spirit of Mr Bayly&gt; res
THE NORTH STAR
olutions, which were referred to the
 Committee of Fifteen:
 j "The resolutions declare, first, that
 the deep attachatent of the South to the
 Union of these States; second, that in
 case of the violation of the constitu
 tional rights of any portion of the con
 federacy, it is the dut) and the privilege
 of the States aggrieved thereby, them
 selves to devise the mode and measure
 of redress; thirdly, that in case the
 aggressions on the rights of the South,
 threatened by the recent action of the
 House of Representatives on the sub
 ject of slavery, shall be consummated,
 it shall be the right and duty of the
 staveholding Stales to devise proper
 measures to redress their wrongs.
 ‘‘The same correspondent gives the
 following as substantially the remarks
 of Mr. Calhoun at the caucus:
 The resolutions of the gentleman
 from Virginia (Mr. Bayly) are good;
 and considering the length of time
 which he has had to prepare them, do
 him great credit. But they are not per
 fect They are defective in several
 particulars. I am, therefore, less qn
 willing to agree to the motion of the
 gentleman from Georgia, (Mr. Ste
 phens.) Another consideration strongly
 impels me to the same course. I am
 thoroughly impressed with the necessity
 of harmonious and united action, both
 on our part and on the part of the
 Southern community. I am opposed,
 however, to the great delay, and con
 sequently w'ould prefer that the com
 mittee should report to a meeting to be
 held on the 10th instead of the 15th ol
 January.
 The Legislatures of several of the
 Southern States are now in session, and
 it would be well that an address should
 reach them in time to be acted upon by
 them before their adjournment. I con
 sider the address indispensable, What
 -1 ever action is taken must proceed from
 the slaveholding States. If the Con
 stitution be violated, and their rights
 encroached upon, it is for them to deter
 mine the mode and measures of redress.
 We can only suggest and devise,
 j We are in the theatre of action,
 the witnesses of the alarming encroach
 j tnents which have been going on upon
 the rights of the slaveholding part of
 the confederacy. We see them plainly
 —we feel them deeply. They are
 rapid and alarming; for who would
 have believed, even three years ago,
 that preparations which have, within a
 few days past, comiwded tkm gupyet
 of a majority of the lower House of
 Congress, would have been tolerated
 by any respectable portion of either
 House?
 We are in the midst of events
 scarcely of less import than those of
 our Revolutionary era. The question
 is, Are we holding our position in this
 Confederacy upon the ground of equals,
 or are we to content ourselves with the
 condition of Colonial dependence?—
 Sir, it will be worse than colonial de
 pendence. For who would not prefer
 to be taxed and governed without pre
 tence of representation, than under the
 forms of representation to be grievously
 oppressed by measures over which w'e
 have no control, and against which our
 remonstrances are unavailing.
 It is undeniable that the encroach
 ments upon our rights have been rapid
 and alarming. They must be met. I
 conceive that no Southern man can en
 tertain for one moment the idea of tame
 submission. The action of the South
 should be united, temperate, but de
 cided.' Our position must be taken de
 liberately, but held at every hazard.—
 We wage no war of aggression. We
 ask only for the Constitution, and Un
 ion, and Government of our fathers.—
 We ask of our Northern brethren to
 leave us those rights and privileges
 which our fathers held, and without se
 j curing which for their children all know
 I they would not have entered this Union.
 These we must maintain.
 It appears to me proper that we,
 who are on the theatre of action,should
 address our constituents of the slave
 holding States, briefly and accurately
 portray the progress of usurpation and
 aggression, vividly exhibit the dangers
 which threaten, and leave it in their
 hands to mark out the proper line of
 action. What that should be, it is
 needless here to discuss. Whatever it
 is, it should be temperate, united and
 decided.
 ‘‘Having expressed these views, I
 have to say that I make no objection to
 the motion of the gentlemaa from
 Georgia (Mr Stephens) to refer the
 whole matter to a select Committee, to
 consider maturely, and report to a fu
 ture meeting hut I would rather pre
 fer an earlier day for that meeting than
 the 15th of January. I am, above all,
 for union, harmony and decision on the
 part of the South.”
 Tut Southern Platform. The
 Washington Correspondent of the Phil
 adelphia Bulletin gives the following as
 the substance of certain Resolutions
 said to be agreed to at the meeting of
 Southern members of Congress on Fri
 day evening last:
 Resolved, That the South,|having an
 equal interest in the Territories of New
 Mexico and California, it willing, as a
 principle of equity, to accept the terms
 of the Compromise act of 30 30m.
 Resolved, That the South is willing
 that said Territory ahall be admitted
 into the Union fcs State*, upon the pre
 sentation of Conatitutiona in which the
 subject of slavery ia referred, upon ap
 peal, to the decision of the Supreme
 Court of the United Stalee, each ques
 tion to ho omitted in said Constitution,
 until, the decision, *a aforeaaid, ia
 awarded.
 Resolved, That the South will accept
 of a bill, for Territorial Governments,
 upon the principles of the act of last
 session, introduced by John M,Clayton.
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TROTH 18 OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF OS ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
Resolved, ibat toe souin will ac
 cept of the act introduced the presem
 session by Senator Douglass, with cer
 tain modifications, relative to appeals
 as in the second resolution.
 Resolved, That the South prefers i
 separation of the Union to that of ac
 cepting the Wilmot Proviso, and tin
 faith of each State is pledged to protec
 her interests in said territories at tht
 point of the bayonet.
 Resolved, That this is the unanimous
 sense of this meeting, representing the
 South.
 Virgiivia St. wear Resolctioss.—
 A series of resolutions were reported
 in the Virginia Honse of Delegates or
 Friday, by J. B. Floyd, Chairman 01
 the Special Committee on the "Wilmol
 Proviso and kindred subjects,” which
 declares, first, that the institution ol
 slavery is fully recognized by the Con
 stitution,and that any attempt to abridge
 the rights of the Slaveholder, to pro
 hibit his free emigration, with his slave,
 to any portion of any Territory of the
 United States, is a gross and palpable
 violation of the Constitution. Secondly,
 j that Virginia cannot, in honor to her
 i self or posterity, think for one moment
 !of a submission to a law of Congress
 having such an object in view; and
 I thirdly, that Virginia will resist such ar
 i act of aggression to the last extremity,
 The fourth resolution empowers the
 Governor of the State, in case of the
 passage by Congress of the Wilmol
 Proviso, or any kindred measure, dur
 j ing the recess of the Legislature, tc
 j immediately call an Extra Session, tc
 take into consideration the said act, at
 well as the mode and measure of re
 dress.”
Selections.
ANTI-SLAVERY SENTIMENTS AT
 THE SOUTH.
 The expression of Anti-Slavery sen
 timent quoted below, was made on the
 I floor of the late General Conference ol
 the M. E. Church, North, by the Rev
 Dr. Tomlinson, President of Augusts
 College, Ky. It is an encouraging in
 dication when such language falls from
 the lips of a prominent clergyman in a
 slaveholding State. Dr. Tomlinson,
 alluding to the Church Souths says:
 do not hesitate to say that the
 control Lug influpn&amp;e m that SWWisat inn
 is decidedly, unblushingly, and, I may
 add, exultingly pro-slavery in its char
 acter. And the Church itself stands
 before the world, and will stand before
 posterity, and, as I verily believe, be
 fore the bar of God, as a Pro-Slavery
 Church. It is the first and only Church
 that ever has been, and for the honor of
 our holy Christianity, I do trust in God
 that it is the last one that ever will be
 formed with the evident design of
 throwing up an impregnable rampart
 for the maintenance and perpetuation
 of human slavery! (‘Amen,’ from dif
 ferent parts of the house.) And surely,
 sir, it is one of the most humiliating
 spectacles that the sun ever shone up
 on, that while the civilized world is
 making a gigantic and glorious struggle
 in behalf of human liberty, men bear
 ing the name of Methodist Preachers,
 and tracing their genealogy to John
 Wesley, should be found with coats off,
 sleeves rolled up, and hammer in hand,
 as it were, to rivet more tightly, and to
 rivet forever the chains of human bond
 age. Sir, it is a shame—it is a burning
 shame—-jt is a most grievous desecra
 tion of the very name of Methodism—
 it is doing gross injnstice to the mem
 ory of our venerated founder—it is a
 flagrant outrage against the spirit of
 the times—it is a scandal to the Chris
 tian ministry; in the light of Ihe nine
 teenth century, it is a scandal to human
 nature. And in perfect keeping with
 these sentiments, an able and excellent
 minister of auother denomination, who
 was born and reared in a slave State,
 and who then resided and still resides
 in an interior slave State, remarked to
 me in conversation on this subject, that
 the course pursued by the Methodist
 Episcopal Church, South, on the sub
 ject of slavery, was enough to bring
 the bones of John Wesley out of his
 grave.
 “For the frank and fearless utter
 ance of these sentiments, Jet no one
 charge me with being an enemy to the
 South. I love the South (my own, my
 native land) with an undying affection;
 and it is because I love it that I thus
 speak- Neither let any one say that I
 am a Southern man with Northern prin
 ciples merely. I claim to be a South
 ern man with American principles. I
 hazard nothing in the asaertion, that a
 large majority of the people of the de
 lightful land from which I hail, do most
 sincerely deprecate the idea that the
 withering curseof slavery shall be fast
 ened upon them forever; the wry thing
 that this new organization is calculated
 to do. I believe that Ido but echo the
 predominant sentiments of the great
 mass of our population, when 1 say that
 ray heart’s desire and prayer to God is,
 that in tome peaceful constitutional
 way, the time may soon come when the
 beautiful and glorious country may not
 only be the home of the brave,* but
 the land of the free,* and of the free
 only. Then, indeed, will it occupy that
 commanding position ia this great con
 federacy, which its climate, soil, pro
 ductions and the generous character
 of the people, so eminently fit it to
 occupy.’*
 THE DOMESTIC SI*AYET«AJ&gt;E»
 By the laws of the United States, il
 a citizen of this government is cm*
 victed of being engaged in the Foreign
 Slavetrade, be is hung ns n pirnta. W
 us see what sort of a trade (hat if which
 a man must ha engaged in as a nacee
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JANUARY It, 1849.
sary qualification to the Presidency of
 this enlightened country.
 And first as to its extent. Between
 the years 1817 and 1837, a period of
 twenty years, 300,000 slaves were ta
 ken from Virginia, North Carolina and
 Maryland, to the Southern market, ac
 cording to the statement of the Rev.
 Dr. Graham, of North Carolina; and
 in 1835, it arms estimated by the most
 intelligent men of Virginia, that 1 18,-
 000 slaves were exported from that
 State during the preceding 12 months.
 About two-thirds of these accompanied
 their owners, who removed; the rer
 maming one-third were sold at an av
 erage of $7OO each, amounting to
 $24,000,000, which the domestic slave
 trade poured into Virginia in one year.
 In 1836, says the Mayville (Tenn.) In
 telligencer, 60,000 slaves 4 passed
 through a little Western town on their
 way to the Southern market, and in the
 same year four States imported 200,000
 slaves from the North/’ In 1837, a
 committee appointed by the citizens of
 Mobile and Alabama, to inquire into the
 causes of pecuniarydistress then prev
 alent, reported that between the years
 1833 and 1837, Alabama alone imported
 from the Northern States $10,000,000
 worth of slaves annually, amounting to
 $40,000,000 in four years.
 This gives us a fair idea of the ex
 tent to which the domestic trade in men,
 women and children is carried on.—
 Our masters have just annexed to the
 United States a territory half a dozen
 times as large as New York, for the
 express purpose of extending and per
 petuating slavery, and this has given
 the trade a new impetus. The price of
 slaves rose at once in the slavetrading
 States the moment it was known that
 the annexation bill had passed. We
 are now at war with Mexico, to add
 still more territory to the accursed Un
 ion, and extend the peculiar institu
 tion” still further South, and among a
 people who years ago abolished it.r*
 Now what is the character of-tlis
 trade? We will not give any testimed£
 of abolitionists, though well enough
 authenticated evidence as to its shoe
 ing cruelty might be adduced a
 volume. We prefer the Southerner^
 themselves as witnesses, afld their res
 timony shall be recent.
 Niles’ Register, published at Balti
 more, vol. 35, p. 4, states that “dealing
 in slaves has become a large business—
 establishments are made in several pla
 i is Maijdwi* —d Vii|isii| a* which
 they are sold like cattle. These places
 of deposit are strongly built, and well
 supplied with thumb-screws and gags,
 and ornamented with cow-skins and
 other whipsofttimes bloody!”
 The Mayville (Tenn.) Intelligencer,
 of Oct. 4th, 1835, speaking of these
 droves of human cattle, remarks—
 That they are driven with heavy, gall
 ing chains riveted upon their, persons,
 their backs lacerated with the knotted
 whip, travelling to a region where
 their condition throughout time will be
 second only to the wretched creature in
 hell; this depi ting is not visionary,
 would to God it was.”
 The New Orleans Courier of Feb
 ruary 15, 1845, says:' We thipk it
 would require some casuistry to show
 that the present slavetrade in Vir
 ginia is a whit better than the one in
 Africa.”
 FREE NEGROES IN VIRGINIA.
 The condition of the Free Negroes
 of the South is scarcely preferable to
 that of the slaves. They are objects of
 contempt and suspicion. They have
 but few privileges, no incentives to
 either mental or moral improvemont,
 and no hope beyond the most contracted
 circle of domestic servitude. However
 they may have obtained their freedom,
 whether by bequest or purchase—whe
 ther because of gratitude induced by
 devoted service, or by a judicious ap
 propriation of their scanty earnings—
 they excite neither respect nor sympa
 thy. Their condition is bad enough at
 the North, it is infinitely worse, in
 every moral point of view, where a dark
 sk.n is looked upou as the badge of per
 petual servitude.
 The Governor of Virgiaia has had
 his attention directed to the moral pov
 erty of his fellow-citizens. The" re
 view has suggested a mode of allevia
 tion more heartless than novel.
 “Transportation” is the process reme
 dial recommended by his Excellency.
 He says:
 “But there is a way in which I
 would hope the condition of the free
 negro might be alleviated; it is to
 transport them, to send him beyond our
 limits, into communities where the
 disabilities which oppress him here do
 not exist.”
 That Society must be improperly or
 ganized which preeeots iasuperable
 barriers to the amelioration of us own
 condition. This incapacity is undoubt
 edly felt in Virginia. So long as sla
 very exists there, the mental and moral
 improvement of her free men of color
 cannot be looked for. Their release
 from the legal liabilities which a condi
 tion of slavery imposes, secures to them
 no important social immunities. In
 deed, their exemption from compulsory
 servitude only seems teeggr a a e ir
 moral debasement for while thetr color
 excludes them from the pde of
 their condition ok free men precludes
 them from those actives sympathies
 which self-interest sum* limes induces
 the white man to extend to his slavss.
 The Governor goes on to any;
 “Liberia, the French and
 islands, and some of the Free States,
 especially New York and Massachu
 setts, are all Ifeager, if to tetkve
 the evidences before me. to t*he»vc
 them. The British Islands, I have no
 doubt, from information m my
 men, would pay the expenses of alhhoss
 seot to them.”
 ,S -qp* 4
His Excellency, as is too often (he
 case with men whose moral sensitiitfbes
 are blanted by.protracted evil associa
 tions, becomes merry in the discussion
 of bis humiliating theme, and glories
 in his shame.” Whether New York
 and Massachusetts are or are not ''ea
 ger to receive the free negroes of Vir
 ginia,” they have too much humanity to
 exclude them when, like the oppressed
 of other nations* they seek an asylum
 within their borders. It is true that the
 debasing influences of riavery bare but
 illy fitted them for the miportant duties
 or good citizenship, yet their very help
 lessness commends them the more
 strongly to the sympathiy of the hu
 mane. If, after having, through the
 influence of her peculiar institutions
 mod her inhuman social restrictions,
 morally debauched her free negroes,
 Virginia drires them from her borders,
 they may not be as welcome as those
 who bring intelligence, good morals and
 industrious habits with them, bnt neither
 New York nor Massachusetts will close
 their doors against them. Not being
 cither pecuniarily or morally bank
 rupted by the crushing curse of slavery,
 a portion of the States’ resources,com
 bined with individual charity, will he
 freely given to effect an amelioration of
 the condition Qf those refugees from
 the ingratitude, inhumanity and injus
 tice of chivalric Virginia .-—Albany Ere.
 Journal.
 SOFTH CAROLINA.
 This focus of chivalry, whose white
 statesmen are, by a close imitation of
 the morals and manners of Abraham, so
 sublimely elevated above the necessity
 of blacking their own boots, has uttered
 an awful warning to the Union. Its
 legislature has
 Resolved, That the time for discus
 sion by the slaveholding States as to
 their exclusion from the territory re
 cently acquired from Mexico, has
 passed; and that this General Assem
 bly, representing the feelings of the
 people of the State, is prepared to co
 operate with her sister States in resist
 ing the application of the principles oi
 the Wilmot Proviso to such territory, at
 any and every hazard.”
 The New York Evening Post says it
 will hardly be credited that there was
 no convulsion in Wall street after the
 tidings of this fearful monition. United
 States stocks even rose a shade. But
 the Post, is too cruel. It proceeds to
 quote the chivalrous language of the
 Charleston Mercury, backing up and
 enforcing the above resolution, and then
 copies from the advertising columns of
 the same paper some half a dozen ad
 vertisements, such as the following:
 Valuable Negroes.
 BY T. C. HARLESTON,
 This Day, the 14th, at 11 o’clock, at
 the Mart, on East Bay, will be sold the
 following family of NEGROES, viz:
 Anthony, 40, field hand, and Plough
 man.
 v Julict, about 40, superior Cook,
 Washer and clear starcher.
 Caroline. C, Field Hand,very likely.
 Mary Ann, 3 years old.
 Conditions cash, purchaser to pay for
 title.
 Upon these beautiful business mat
 ters the Post proceeds to comment as
 follows:
 It was fit that these advertisements
 should appear in the same paper with
 the patriotic resolution upon which they
 are so valuable a commentary. Let
 any candid person read them carefully
 through, and then we ask him to say if
 he thinks the institution of slavery is a
 safe or propqr subject for public discus
 sion in a slaveholding community.—
 Would it be prudent to permit, in an
 assembly of mechanics, for example, a
 discussion of the merits of an institu
 tion which permitted the sale of human
 beings in herds, like dumb-driven cat
 tle, among whom were carpenters,
 wheelwrights, blacksmiths, engineers,
 farmers, cooks, seamstresses, tanners,
 shoemakers, &amp;c. Would
 debates tend to impair that respect for
 the law which is the law’s most import
 ant sanction, to render the tenure of
 property in huipan flesh insecure, and
 to imperil not only the fortunes but the
 lives of those who trafficked in it? No
 person who can appreciate the just and
 exalting pride of an American aiochan
 ic, will doubt that Ibis would be ao. It
 is the everlasting curse which providen
 tially follows slavery, as well as every
 other apecies of crime, that it can never
 be comprehended without being con
 demned. Where slavery exists, free
 dom of speech must perish.
 We feel that we have now done our
 duty, and our whole duty, as public
 alarmists, and if Congress, not heeding
 what we say, and in the face and eye#
 of this resolution, proceed to exclude
 slavery from California sad Oregon—
 why they most expect early notice from
 South Carolina, by legislative resolu
 tions and senatorial protests, that if aay
 attempt to abolish slavery in the Disr
 triet of Coluafoia shall he wcranfrl,
 they will do things so unspeakably
 dreadful that oer type weald not lie still
 long enough to he pressed into the ex
 pression of them,and which, if we knew,
 we would not dare to utter in a whis
 per, unless, like the barber of Midas,
 wo buried our terrible secret in the
 earth, and left the world u&gt; get» knowl
 edge of has it learned that Midas was
 a jackass, from the weeds that abeolu
 grow over the grave where the whisper
 was interred.*?:
 BaiTiifi A.vtiqcitt. —A ploughman
 who was lately workmg jgj field at
 Wsndover, in England, toned up with
 his plough an anoanl geld hmetift el
 the intrinsic valee of ifcdeaeni An
 t wearies give it ss their dpinisn tMbt h
 was deposited at the time of rim een*
 flict between the Rumens and the asm
 of the Brinish Kite Cuoobeiin.
 «s Is ncnNi i

M. GOTT*B IKSOLmORt
 Washisctox, Dec. 27.
 House op Retusixtatives.— Mr.
 Henley, of Indiana, introduced a joint
 resolution in relation to the mileage of
 messengers Bearing the electoral rotes.
 The Speaker announced that the first
 business in order was the motion to re
 consider the rotes by which Mr. Gott's
 .resolutions instructing the Committee
 on the Dsrtrict of Columbia to report a
 bill abolishing the slaretrade in the
 District was passed.
 Mr. Kaufman, of Texas, insisted oa
 proceeding with that business.
 Mr. Chas. Stewart, of Mtchgtn,
 then proceeded to explain his views.—
 He complained that every vote on the
 question of slavery hitherto had been
 taken withont allowing Northern mem
 bers an opportunity of explanation,
 and that on motion of Southern mem
 bers to lay on the table, or on analo
 gous motions. He believed that Con
 gress had the power to abolish slavery
 in the District, but was opposed to ac
 tion on this question, unless at the in
 stance of the people of the District.—
 He was in favor of the object proposed
 to be attained by the resolution, but
 should vote for reconsideration because
 he did not like the language of the res
 olution, and because be was in favor of
 giving the municipal powers here the
 power to put an end to the traffic in
 slaves, and then if they would not ex
 ercise that authority, he would compel
 them. He was in favor of keeping the
 Territories of the United States as they
 came to us; if they were free, he would
 keep them free; if them re
 main so. He contrasted the course of
 the South with that of the North. The
 former were always holding Conven
 tions, and threatening to dissolve the
 Union if Congress passed a law un
 doubtedly Constitutional, while, altho’
 those of the North saw their property
 and the lives of their fellow-citizens
 destroyed by the opposition of the South
 to Constitutional laws for the improve
 ment of their harbors, there was no
 threat of disunion, no talk of secession.
 When he concluded,
 Mr. Vinton called attention to the
 fact that the Deficiency bill had been
 made the special order for to-day, and
 it was important that it should be pass
 ed. He therefore moved to postpone
 the farther consideration of the motion
 to ncmiklw until this day week.
 Mr. Goggin called Mr. Vinton’s at
 tention to the fact that this day week
 1 was set apart for the consideration of
 the postage bill.
 Mr. Vinton modified his motion to this
 day two weeks.
 Mr. Wentworth said, to put an end
 to the subject, he would move to lay
 the motion to reconsider on the table.
 Mr. C. B. Smith, of la., appealed to
 the courtesy of the gentleman from 111.
 to withdraw his motion, to allow'him to
 have an amendment read which he pro
 posed to offer, if the motion to recon
 sider should prevail.
 Here there were a dozen members on
 the floor at once, on points of order; m
 the midst of which
 Mr. Wentworth positively refused to
 withdraw his motion, and demanded the
 ayes and noea upon it.
 The yeas and nays were ordered,
 and the House refused to lay the mo
 tion on the table by 58 yeas to 109
 nays.
 Mr. C. B. Smith then sent up the
 amendment which he proposed to offer,
 which was to instruct the Committee to
 inquire what legislation was necessary
 to prevent the introduction of slaves in
 to the District for sale, and to report by
 bill qr otherwise.
 Mr. Vinton’s motion to postpone for
 two weeks was then adopted, and be
 moved to go into Committee of the
 Whole for the purpose of considering
 the deficiency bill.
 Life in Mississippi.—We take the
 following from the Louisville (Miss.)
 Telegraph:
 “Maeeied—On Sunday,the 14th inst.
 in the Court House, by the Rev. Jno.
 Bell, Mr.-William Petty to Mias Caro
 line Hudspeth, all of this county.”
 The minister has just been elected
 brigadier general of this brigade, and
 when called upon to officiate at the
 marriage ceremony, was busily en
 gaged in calculating his majority .which
 was large, having no opponent. In
 another corner of the house was a
 group of men, calculating the lose of
 Cans and gam of Taylor; and in the
 door of the house stood the deputy
 sheriff, selling a poor fellow’a corn for a
 small suspicion of debt; while the pro
 bate elerit, at bis table, was busily en
 «ed in calling off the land assessment
 k; and in another earner of the
 bouse Wood a group of bays, swapping
 marbles The miniWer commenced the
 ceremony, while the Taylor mea called
 out, ”104 gain for Taylor tbore,” and
 the Cass man said, Damn the luck,”
 the sheriff shouted, How much for
 the com?—who’ll give more for the
 com?” the clerk called out the ”N. E.
 quarter of the west half of aectioo 12,
 township IS, range 19 east;” and Billy
 in the corner cried out, 1 won’t give
 you two blacks for a white alley.” Bel
 under all the dmedvaaCageoue eircum
 staacas, the reverend gentleman, with
 O—. bkbrow,
 retamed am gravity and performed tbi
 ceremony, and as he finished the boon
 diction, he remarked to the haooi
 couple that “Edmomi. only leceXE
 oae veto m thn county.”
 Nuliucatio* RtmrxD n» Souti
 Camujm —The Palmetto State i
 arousing herself again far nuiification
 SL ouTtoltom
 east dtssolatiouist* in the moat sdotovm
JOHN DOCK. Publishes.
 Wm
WHOLE NO—ssi
1 style, and concluded by tbe pamsge of
 I eerie* of Resolutions breathing the
 utmost defiance to the North for tin
 j present nearly unanimous demand foe
 Free Soil in all newly-acquired terri
 tory. On the same day another sirai
 lar meeting wis held at tbe
 House of Orangeburg District, at which
 the following spicy resolutions were
 adopted:
 Resolved, That the continued agi
 tation of the question of Slavery by the
 people of non-slaveholding States, by
 I their Legislatures, and by their Rep
 i resentatives in Congress, exhibits not
 j only a want of national courtesy, which
 should always exist between kindred
 States, but is a palpable violation of
 good flith toward the aiavoholding
 States, who adopted the present Con
 stitution “in order to form o more per
 fect Union.”
 Resolved’ That while we acquiesce
 1 in adopting the boundary between the
 slave-holding and non oJavc-hoiding
 ■States, known as tlm Missouri Coro
 -1 promise line, we wifntot submit to any
 farther restriction upon the rights of
 j any Southern man to carry hia proper
 ty and his institutions into territory ae
 quired by Southern treasure and by
 j Southern blood.
 Resolved, That should the Wilmot
 Proviso; or any similar restr ction, be
 applied by Congress to the territories
 of the United States, south of 36 de
 grees 30 minutes north lattitude, we
 recommend to our Representative in
 Congress, as the decided opinion of
 this portion of his district, to leave his
 seat in that body and return nome.
 Resolved, That we respectfully sug
 gest to both Houses of the Legislature
 of South Carolina to adopt a similar
 recomendation as to our Senators in
 Congress from this State.
 Resolved, That upon the return
 home of our Senators and Representa
 tives in Congress, the Legislature of
 South Carolina should be forthwith as
 sembled, to adopt such measures as
 the exigency may demand.
 California. —The inhabitants of
 San Francisco assembled in public
 meeting, and resolved to unite in estab
 lishing gold dust as a currency at $l6
 per ounce. A committee of five were
 appointed to draft a memorial to the
 Congress of the United States urging
 upon that honorable body the speedy
 establishment of a branch mint at that
 place. The following are extracts
 from the Californian, published at San
 Francisco, files of which to the 7th of
 October have been received in New
 Orleans;
 "Slavery. In reference to the slave
 question, the editor says; We believe
 we echo the sense of the country, when
 we assert that slavery is neither needed
 nor desired here, and that if their voice
 could be heard in the hails of our na
 tional Legislature, it would be as the
 voice of one man, ‘rather than put this
 blighting curse on us, let us remain as
 we are, unacknowledged, unaided.*
 Seamen’s wages were $lOO a month.
 Sixteen vessels were lying there, abort
 of hands. The necessaries of life had
 become extremely scarce and high.
 Flour sold at $5O per barrel; boots,
 $25 a pair; shoes from $6 to $8 per
 pair; brandy from $6 tosB a bottle;
 cards, $2 a pack; board and lodging
 in the gold region, $l5 per week.
 The editor of the Californian an
 ouncea the stoppage of the Oregon pa
 pers; cause, the gold fever. Emigra
 tion is flowing thence to the Sacra
 mento.’*
 A Pint op Ale and a Newspaper.—
 How strangely the value of different
 things is estimated in some minds! A
 few grains of toasted barley are wetted,
 and the juicefsqueezed into a little water
 with a taste of the leaves of tbe hop
 plant—the value of both beiog much
 too small to be calculated; and a very
 slight tax is laid on the mixture, which
 coats also so little labor as hardly to be
 reckoned in our coinage. A pint of
 it tells, retail for fourpence; and
 when ot good flavor, it is reckoned cheap
 —•worth even more than the money, ft
 is drank off in a minute or two—rit is
 gone. On the same table on which
 this was served lice a newspaper, tbe
 mere white sheet of which coots one
 peony-farthing, and which the duty
 thereon one penny, with no deduction
 for damaged, crooked, or ever-printed
 copies made ready for sale, and ‘bulg
 ed too with carnage from mills and
 stamp-office at a distance; and is cov
 ered with half a million of types, at a
 cost of thirty pounds for itselt amf other
 sheets printed at the same office the
 same day; and this soils for no more
 than the pint of ale, the juice of a little
 malt and hope! And yet after one per
 son has enjoyed it, affording him nous
 from all parte of tbo world; and useful
 thoughts on all chut interests him as a
 man and a citizen, it remains to be eo
 joyed by scores of ethers in the same
 town or else where; and it promotes
 trade, and finds employment, and mar
 ket* for goods, and cautions against
 frauds and accidents; and subjects for
 conversation; and them are some who
 think thte article dear, though the swift*
 ■/-tone barley-water is psud for cheer
 fully. How is this? Is the body s bet
 ter pay-master than the mind, sod sro
 tbiafp of the moment more prized than
 things of eternity? is the trnosient
 tickling of the stomach ofmorsconss
 quence than the improvement of the
 mind, and the information that in ee
 •ential to rational beings? If things
 had their real value, would not tbo
 ■strsptpur ho worth many pints of tbo
 bote ohi—Ueerpool Men ury
 A complication or diSDewes.—*Wk»t
 fid ■■ijsoft* asked a ninipje netfhbsv. *Of
 two ohtMciaos. an SBotbnaarv. sad a am*
"
