"Notices.
\i Bi«i Willi sltTf fUtrs
 w
 a»..i
 Soew«?.
 The «mtn! meeting of the M»«aehu*ett*
 Anti-Sleverv Society will be heW in Boston,
 on Wednesday, January 24tb, commencing
 at |o o'doek. A. M., and will probahly con
 tinue in aomuon the two succeeding days.
 The sign* of tho time* are so suspicions for
 the friends of emancipation, that a large and
 spirited attendance on their part u» confidently
 expected. Such are the facilities of railroad
 conveyance, every W&gt; of the Commonwealth
 ought to be well represented. We cordially
 invite our friend*, beyond the limit* of Maw
 aechuactts, to he with o* on the approaching
 anmeemn The Slave Power ia beginning
 ao falter—fresh adherent* arc daily rallying
 around the standard of liberty—and the cry
 of‘NO INION WITH SLAY E-HOLD
 ESS it causing the knees of the oppressor to
 tremble. We must press onward until out
 work is accomplished. the slave liberated from
 hi* chains, and the land purged ftom itastaint
 of pollution and blood.
 Francis jacksqn, #v*w*n/.
 EoMUio Qi incv. Secretary.
 L«itea’ Anti-Harery Fair.
 The Ami-Slavery Ladies of Rochester, ir
 connection with those of illtaasnon, wil
 open a splendid Fair on Thursday, January
 18th, at Williamson Corners, when they
 will expose for sale a large variety of uaefui
 and elegant article*, mostly from England anc
 Scotland. Oy Mere, Ice ('ream, and other re
 freshments will be served up.
 The proceeds of the Fair will be appro
 priated to the benefit of the North Star.
 Frederick Douglass will address the peopk
 the evening previous, and also during the
 Fair. It is likewise expected that George VS
 Clark, the vocalist, will be present. -Ail
 arc invited to attend, as no pain* will
 be spared to make the occasion one of interest
 to all.
 Admission 12 1-12 cents. The Fair will
 open at ‘A o'chiek, Thursday afternoon, and
 will continue through the following day and
 evening.
 Rochester, Jan. 12, 1849.
 Fi om the Model worker
 New York, May 18, 1848.
 Gkrrit Smith Mv pear Friend—The
 enclosed Resolution* of the National Conven
 tion of Colored People and their friends, held
 at Troy, N. Y., on the 6th, 7th. Bth and 9th
 of October, 1817, would have-been forthcom
 ing, earlier this week but, that in looking
 them over, I found that they had to be signed
 by the President of liie Convention. 1 there
 fore, despatched them to New Bedford to se
 cure his signature. On returning home, a
 few minute* since, I found a letter from him
 containing the Resolutions with his signa
 ture. Yours trulv,
 CHARLES B. RAY.
 resolutions
 “Wheras, Glrrit Smith, of Peieiboro,
 has made a donation of one hundred and forty
 thousand acre* of land to three thousand col
 ored citizens of New York; and
 Whereas, this Convention regaids the
 above donation as a manifestation of love on
 the part of the donor a love for God in car
 rying out the Divine intention to grant to all
 a share in the means of subsistence and hap
 piness a love lor humanity, in seeking the
 down-trodden and oppressed among men as
 the objects of his donation, and a love of hu
 man progress in placing in the hands of the
 oppressed the means of self-elevation: and
 Whereas, the freedom, independence and
 steadiness of a farmer's life will throw -rnong
 the colored people elements ot character es
 sential to happiuess and progress: therefore,
 Resolved, That this Convention do express
 its deep thanks to Gerrit Smith, of Peter
 boro, for his splendid donation to the. cause of
 (rod and humanity.
 Resolved,-That this Convention do call
 upon the Grantees ot this land to forsake the
 cities and towns and to settle upon this land
 and cultivate it, and thereby build a lower of
 strength for themselves.
 Resolved, That we recommend to our peo
 ple, also, throughout the country, to forsake
 the cities and their employments of depen
 dency therein and emigrate to those parts of
 the country where laud is cheap, and become
 cultivators of the soil, as ihe surest road to
 respectability and influence.
 Resolved,’ That a copy of the preamble
 and those resolutions that refer to the gift of
 Mr. Smith, be signed by the President and
 Secretary of ibis Convention, and transmitted
 to him at Petorboro.
 Petcrboko, Nov 16, 1848.
 Elder On vrles B. Rav: My dear Sir
 —1 express my thanks to you for your letter,
 and to the Convention t*»r its Resolutions.
 This would have been done long ago, but for
 iny strong desire, that the doing of it should
 be accompanied by the declaration, that the
 great debt, due on the lands to the state of
 New York, is fully paid. This declara
 tion 1 can at last make.
 1 promised to pay the taxes assessed 014 the
 lands prior to “1844 or 1815." All prior to
 1846 are paid. 1 expressed the hope, that
 the balance of the purchase money, due on
 the lands of my late father, would be paid,
 within two years from the time I gave them.
 It is paid;—though not as soon by several
 mouths, as 1 hoped it would be. The
 grantees will excuse me for having taken so
 long a ume to discharge these incumbrances,
 when they are informed, that my payments
 to this end, within the last two years, not to
 speak of such as had been previovslv made,
 exceed, in the aggregat-*, thirty thousand dol
 lars.
 1 am happy to learn that, notwithstanding
 the industrious efforts made to dissuade the
 grantees from guiug u|»on their lands, eome
 twenty or thirty are comfortably settled upon
 them and that a considerable share of the
 remainder are 1 reparinc to follow them in the
 Spring. Would thai the three thousand
 grantees were -all m their home*, and tillers
 of their ow n acre* The nmc of their deg
 radation, and indeed, the degradation of their
 race throughout .he Nation, would then be
 much ahoctened
 Friendly w hites may help to diminish the
 obstacles in the way ot the n letnptton of the
 colored people ot this country .—but the col
 ored people must themselves work out their
 own redemption■ This. however, they will
 oever do. so long as the free I*ollloo of them
 aie all, or nearly all, servants of another race
 and that too, a race w hich despises them,
 But shell servants they w ill not cease to be,
 until tbev hare left our cities and villages to
 themselves over the country, in the
 ..opacity of farmers and mechanic*.
 Mv colored brethren may weft lament, that
 others idtonld di**ptN? them But, uus is not
 the greatest calamity. AUr greater IN that
 ■hsrW themselves- Thc contempt of
 otherTZT us, ia comparatively
 But, when it H well mgb
 tong continued, H is apt 10 prodore
 tempt in ua —and no sooner is this producec,
 Ahfn have descended front an eminence
 which there is, seldom, spirit and energy
 enough left to reclunb.
 The free colored people of this countryj
 bare lost their self respect. Hence, ray,
 gravest doubt, that they will ever exert an ef j
 factual influence for the redemption of their
 enslaved brethren. What proof have we of,
tiro invas**, if not, indcif, loU| loro *f thdlr]
 the jjp falTla it the euij
 adopted it, and Wfmwf Annidvn! in ehurefej
 teialiona, with their duagiseni! What a proof
 have we in the fart, that they ‘teowe tV
 politics, and identify then! tea with the po
 litical parties, of those, who fetlhe them!
 Even Dr. James McCone Smith of New York
 —a gentleman whose rare talents and aenom
 pi isb meats fit him fix the highest stations and
 the moat polished circle*—even he was ones,
 so far lost to self-respect, as to be fbond voting
 for men for civil once, who deny him the
 right of suffrage, and who refuse to ait in the
 sssm pew. a* salat the same ishls with him.
 The Dr. has, happily, teeoveied himself from
 this smssing error—though 1 am not sore,
 that be is sot, stilt, is ecclesiastical connec
 tion with monsters, who, could they hot lay
 then hands upon him, would boy and sell him
 as readily as they would an ox or an aaa.
 There is Frederick Dongiaas also; —it does
 indeed, rejoice my whole heart to aee with
 what energy he endeavors to kick hack Ame
 rican Christ unity into the'Vit, whence it
 sprung:—nevertheless, even be, aad though
 he lias the talents and dignity, that would
 adorn the Piesideocy of the Nation, could, at
 the late Election let himself down so far, as to
 advise his colored brethren who vote, to vets
 for such desptsers of bis rare, as Doctor Smith
 1 once voted for.
 How sad that such men, as Doctor South
 and Mr. Douglass, should ever have so under
 valued and degraded themselves should ever
 have so pocketed the detestable and infernal
 insults upon their race! lam aware, that it
 may be said, in exease for these gentlemen,
 that, in what they did, they aimed at the de
 liverance and elevation of their race. But to
 this we reply, that even the highest good is
 not to be sought for, at the expenoe of self
 respect that even Heaven itself is not to be
 crawled into —and that, in all our purposes,
 relations, pursuits, activities, the F*.vioe ad
 monition to us is: “Quit you, like Mrs.
 The oppressots of my colored brethren—
 and the North is, well nigb, as full, as the
 South, of them—will never, voluntarily relax
 their oppressions, and restore the rights they
 have plundered, until they have come to res
 pect those brethren; —and this will never be,
 until the free portion of those brethren have
 come to respect themselves. Then it will he.
 Then, when that portion shall stand up in the
 self-respect, and dignity and virtue, which
 j would revolt at fellowship, ecclesiastical or
 political, with their oppressors and despwers,
 as at an ineffably degrading and criminal
 thing—then, it will be morally to continue to
 oppress and despise my colored brethren much
 longer. I have often thought, how quick
 the coloied people of this land would be re
 deemed from thraldom and contempt, were
 but those of them in the Free States to rise
 into so high an expression of self-respect and
 brotherly love, as to refuse, with all the
 promptitude and indignation with which they
 would refuse to drink their heart s blood, to
 •eat the food, or wear the cloth, extorted from
 1 the slave’s unpaid and compelled toil. In
 deed. such sell-saeaifice would gain for them
 the world wide reputation of being a nobler
 and more truly heroic race than any other,
 which ever lived.
 Could I but get the ear of my Northern;
 colored brethren, coueild 1 but get it away from
 their flatterers and deevers —1 would say to
 them, “Cultivate self-respect—cultivate self
 respect—cultivate self-respect”—for by that
 means, and not without that means, can you
 peacably regain your own rights, or the rights
 of your race at the South. Have no fellow
 ship, political or ecclesiastical, with those,
 who hale or despise yon. Turn your backs
 upon American Christianity and American
 politics, as upon the Devil himself— for he is
 their author. Vote for no man for civil office,
 j who will not treat every slave law as no law.
 The man, who feels the least respect for, or
 admits the least obligation in slave laws does
 so, only because he despises your race. He
 would neither feel the one, nor admit the
 other, in the case of sIaTC-laws, which might
 be enacted against life own race. He abides
 by the present slave-laws, only because it ia
 negroes and not his own race, who are theii
 victims. Let laws to ensleve white men,
 whether they be organic or statutory laws,
 come into being in Massachusetts, New-York
 and Michigan, and the Daniel Websters, and
 Martin Vanßurens, and Lewis Casses, who
 are so full of respect for the old slave laws,
 would execrate and despise and nullify the
 new ones.
 t 1 would, in conclusion, say to my colored
 brethren: “be suspicious, as well of profes
 sed sbolitionists, as of anti-abolitionists.
 There were, at one time, seventy thousand
 professed abolitionists in the liberty party.
 I Hut, where are they now Nineteen twen
 tieths of them have betrayed you, and have
 gone down into a party with those, who des
 pise and loathe you—with a party, which,
 even at its formation and, in its very ‘plat
 form/ admitted the validity and inviolable
 ness of the laws, which enslave three millions
 of their countrymen —an admission, which
 tbev would sooner have perished than have
 made, had those three millions been whites
 instead of blacks.’
 Very respectfully, your friend,
 7 GERRIT SMITH.
 Meeting of Coloied Citiaunt.
 On the evening of the 12th ult., a meeting
 of the colored citizens of Oberlin, 0., was
 held in the Liberty Hall, at which the fol
 lowing resolutions were adopted
 1. Resolved, That we the colored citizens
 of Lorain County hereby declare, that whereas
 the Constitution of our common country gives
 us citizenship, we hereby, each to each pledge
 ourselves to support the other in claiming oui
 rights under the United States Constitution,
 and in having the laws oppressing us tested.
 2. Resolved, 'Hut we hereby now and for
 ever refuse to vote for or support any nun for
 office, who will not go for ns and ours in com
 mon with others.
 3. Whereas we believe with the “Fathers
 of 78,” that taxation and representation ought
 to go together
 Resolved, That we very much doubt about
 paving any tax upon which representation ia
 based, until we are permitted to be repre
 sented.
 4. Resolved, That we still adhere to the
 doctrine of urging the slave to leave imme
 diately with his hoe on his shoulder, for a
 land of liberty.
 6. Resolved, That we urge all colored per
 sons, and their friends to keep a sharp look
 out for meu-thieves and their abettors, and to
 warn them that no person claimed as a slave
 shall be taken from our midst without trouble.
 6. Resolved, That the Coofcreece of col
 ored men, or Association, that is afraid to
 speak out against the monster, SLAVERY,
 when they have an opportunity so to do, and
 while their own brethren are in hoods, ia not
 only undeserving of our confidence, but de
 serving of our deepest reprobation. And we
 further believe, that the an, be he white or
 colored, who, wrapped ia eckuiauwwl dignity,
 shuts his pulpu against the claims of (rod’s
 suffering pool, is not unworthy only of the
 name of minister, but of the more honored
 appellation, mik.
 7. Resolved, That the attempt to establish
 Churches or Schools under the direction, and
 for the benefit of colored pereooa exclusively,
 where we eta enter either upnn equal tami
 wall the whites, win out humble opinion rep
 rehensible.
 8. Resolved, That attention to Eovcxnnu,
 is one of the most potent means for the re
 demption of the Half-Free aad the Slave, and
 therefore declare, that as for as we can, are
 will spread that Meeting, an that the blacked
 child of the poorest parents may drink ef the
 healing stream.
 f Resolved, That Tip push a another
 groat fever for Kievan, which we arga the
 citizens of this County and all othots to nea.
 10. Resolved, That we use aU ef cur ef
 forts ia opposing the scheme of Caloumreioa
 now bemg urged anew among the peaple of
fc Pijiicl Bggi j—iwrh mvc bdktr
 11. Uve to God, Loot to
 mch &lt;Hher,f «.r*y an oonelreo, &gt;od Fidelity
 to oar gita (uo.il the great motto which
 we ought to tod tool arge upon oorarires and
 &lt;*r penplo j
 ’I Mae denotations were adopted aaaai
 mooaljp, being dwninarit tad acted apoo sepa
 rately.
 A Committee, rooaiauag of Mama. W-H.
 Dae, L. W. Minor, ll! 11. Peace, 3. Cox,
 and J. Watsoa, wen appointed to prepan aa
 Addreaa to the colored rttiaeo* of Lorain, and
 the Stole, to be poblwhed with the proceed
 ings of this meeting.
THE .NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 13,18*9.
 Tke Aspect *f Ike Csmc at WnsfibaftM.
 Is bo quarter can there he sees coie
 staking and gratifying evidence of the rapid
 program of the anti-slavery cease, tbaa may
 be aritiMseed at Washington. within the waHa
 of the Capitol. The shareholding dynasty
 appear conscious of the r approaching doara*
 fall. The crowned heads m Europe, during
 the recent spirit of wide-spread revolution,
 did not evince more alarm than the slave
 holders in Congress now do. From the
 House to the Senate, all is trepidation, bor
 dering on to desperation. The monster, sla
 very, always an unwelcome subject for dia
 cussiuQ, when the world listeos, has made its
 appearance earlier, and with greater terrors
 than usual. The friends of freedom, not
 only increased in Diimbers, hot what is still
 more alarming, they have increased in bold
 ness of spirit, and their measures have Jost
 all timidity. They no longor talk of the sa
 cred right of petition in one breath, and de
 nounce the abolitionist in the other, as they
 used to do, in order to appease the wrath of
 the slave power on the one hand, and to seem
 courageous in the cause of liberty on the
 other. Rut now respect for the growing anti
 slavery sentiment has cast out all fear of their
 once dreaded [master, and they now venture
 into the august presence of their old “feudal
 lords” with as little timidity as Van Amhurg
 does his cage of subdued tigers. A great
 change has taken place. The language of
 bold defiance has changed quarters, both in
 the House and Senate, from the slaveholding
 to the abolition side. Even that old hoary
 veteran of perpetual slavery, before whom the
 boldest used to tremble, hath smoothed Itis
 wrinkled front,” and is heard to reason o f
 temperance and conciliation. This is indeed
 a great change, and one over which we have
 eanse to he exceeding glad.
 We shall not, however, be lifted up above,
 measure by this new aspect of things, or ex
 pect too great results from It. The day wt
 complete victory over the slave power is not
 yet. Tliey have long reigned by the force of
 brute courage, and may yet reign a long lime
 by mere skill and cunning. What they can
 no longer do by tlie display of fierce menace,
 they may yet do by playing the cat in the
 meal-tub. Proud aud haughty as are our
 Southern masters, they, like other tyrants,
 will stoop to conquer. We have no doubt that
 this talk about moderation and conciliation on
 the part of the South, will have* its desired
 effect, for the present, upon the dough-faces
 of the North to prevent any decided action on
 the subject of slavery during this session of
 Congress.—f. d.
Gott’s Resolution.
 When we first learned that Congress had
 passed a resolution, offered by Mr. Gott, of
 this State, instructing the Committee on the
 District of Columbia to bring in *a bill for the
 abolition of the slavetrade now carried on so
 boldly and triumphantly, under the very eve
 droppings of the Capitol, we thought the
 news too good to be true, and if true, that, by
 some parliamentary trick or other expedient,
 the measure would be defeated. From the
 last accounts, it seems that on the 27th of
 December, the motion of Mr. Stewart, of
 Michigan, to reconsider this resolution came
 up for consideration. Mr. Stewart made a
 long rambling speech upon it—anti-slavery,
 but more especially pro-slavery.' At the close
 of his speech, Mr. Vinton moved a postpone
 ment of the subject for two weeks; where
 upon Mr. Wentworth moved to lay the motion
 for reconsideration on the table. This motion
 put to the test the constancy of those who
 voted for Mr. Gott’s resolution, as it afforded
 an opportunity for them to reaffirm that reso
 lution. They failed to do so. The following
 votes vytll show our readers the present state
 of the question. We regard it as the first
 fruit of the Calhoun caucus.— r d.
 The latter motion having precedence, the
 question was taken with the following result:
 Yeas—Messrs Ashman, Bingham. Black
 mar, Catbcart, Conger, Cranston, Crowell,
 Cummins, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Nathan
 Evans, Faran, fisher, Fries, Gildings, Gott,
 Greeley, Nathan K. Hall, Henley, Henry.
 Hubbard, Hudson, Hint, Janes H. Johnson,
 Kellogg, Daniel P- King, Lshra, Sidney
 Lawrence, McClelland, Horace Maas,
 Marvin, Moms, Mnllin, Newell, Palfrey,
 Peaslee, Peek, Petrie, Pettit, Putnam, Robin
 son, RofthUl, Julias Rockwell. Rose, Root
 Rumsej, St. John, Robert Smith, Starkwea
 ther, James Thompson, Thurston. Tuck,
 Turner, Warren, Wentworth, Wilmot, and
 WUeoo—2B.
 Nats— Messrs, Adams, Baninger, Bayly,
 Bedinger, Bocock, Bowlin, Boyd Boy dsn,
 Body, Bridges, W. G. Brown, C. Brown,
 A. G. Brown, Burt, Butler, Carinr, Chase,
 Clapp, Franklin Clift, Beverley L. Clarke,
 Chngman, Wilhameoo R. W. Cobb, Cooke,
 Crosier, Darling, Deseed, Dunn Edwards,
 Embree, Alexander Evans, Famdly, Feath
 enoo. Fifths, Flournoy, French, Fulton,
 Garnet, Gentry, Goggin, Green, Gnnndl,
 Hale, Willard P. HaffTHammons, James G.
 Hampton, Harmaaaon, Hid. Elisa B. Hones,
 GeorgeS. Houston, Jobe W. Houston, Inge,
 Charles J. lag
 W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufmen, Kee
 nan, Thornes Butler Km* Uggc,UffieT,
 Lincoln, Lord, McCteranad, McDowell, Me-
 Loan, Job Mann, Marsh, Miller, Mmftead,
 Morse, Peyton, Pidebury, Pollock, Preston,
 Richardson, Richey. Rn-sn,
 Sehaaek, Sheppard, Sflyrtm, Smart, taleh
 B. Smith, Trmnae Smith, Stamen, Stephens,
 Charles E. Smut, Strong, Ttitmedge, Tit
 lor; Thibodenax, Thomas, Richard W.
 TWnooo John *R Thomason Robert A
 1 DOuipSM), JQn 13. JMWCII A.
 Thnmnone,Tnmiihim, Toombs, lit Dyke,
 VenatteTVinton, Waßnee, Wlme, WOheme,
 and Woodwuk—l&lt;T7.
 So the Home Jeridod that morion u
 The qeearioa reemrmg on Mr. Ymton's mo
 lien, he yielded to.
 Ik. Smith, §t ttmme, who gam aetiee
 the falUwmg amendment ta the tmelnriiin:
 Mr. South, of liman, who gave aeries
 dm foßnwiag smendmant u the read arise
 BmidTsd That the Committee on the
 Dmiiin of Celambm he iastrectad to inquire
 4
!?m!? PitneZfat sdnhew
 or ebewhere, and that they report bjWl ot
 oßUjday after the two week* bsdexpired—
 JrkaWUle.
 Thm aoble-lookinf man, a brother ftfi^e
 front the Southern ebve prison, who, it ap
 peats front the credentials which he been
 front inspflftablr sources ia the W eat, made
 hia rare an ftoaa slavery about fire years ago,
 aad became a resident ia the State of ladiaan;
 and has spent the moat of his time since com
 ing to the North ie that Stale and Michigan.
 After remaining free htmeetf about fonr
 years, he resolved to return to the State o
 Kentucky, and undertake the reecoe of a be
 loved wife and fire endeared children from the
 graap of ihoee cruel task-masters. In this
 noble enterprise, undertaken at the imminent
 risk of hm own life and liberty, he succeeded
 only so far as to mom the Ohio rirer, and to
 teach the shores of Indiana.
 Soon after himself and family reached In
 diana, they were punned into Dear bon county
 by a merciless band of kidnapper*, who finally
 overtook them in their flight from the slave
 cursed regions, and caught the whole family,
 White alone escaping.
 While heart-stricken by the utter defeat of
 his noble undertaking, and the hardships
 which he had brought upon his wife and
 I children, be sadly wandered about in the
 woods by night two weeks, eluding the aceot
 of the human bloodhounds whom he knew to
 be in pursuit, until he was finally betrayed by
 a monster in the shape of a colored man, and
 fell a victim to his pursuers, and lodged in
 Bedford jail, Kentucky, under the pretence
 on the pait of tire kidnappers that be was the
 properly of a Mrs. Armstrong, of Augusta
 Kentucky.
 The kidnappers called upon said Mrs.
 Armstrong tor the reward of their iniquity;
 and she refused to pay it, on the ground that
 the slave had been so long absent, that hei
 prqffercd reward in the first instance was nol
 binding; hut she said to the kidnappers, You
 may get w hat you can out of him to pay you
 for your trouble in arresting him whereupon
 the slave told the kidnapper that he thought
 he could raise for him three hundred and fifty
 dollars by writing to a fyiend of his in Michi
 gan, on condition that he should be released
 from slavery. This offer was accepted by the
 and White forthwith caused a let
 \£t to be written to his friend, who borrowed
 JM money from a Dr. Judkins, of Cincinnati,
 wbirli was immediately brought to Bedford
 ■&amp;g- our friend Micajah M hite, of Cincinnati,
 and *paid the same for the release of John
 White, the fugitive now seated by our side.
 *Dur objetH in giving this short narrative ol
 this deeply injured man, is hot only to deeper
 the horror with which our readers contem
 plate slavery, but to aid this brother in raising
 the necessary funds with which to pay thf
 sum he yet owes to the kind persons who ad
 vanced the money fbtf'Yils release. We un
 derstand that he has already paid two hundret
 and fifty dollars, and there remains one hun
 dred dollars yet to be paid.
 We commend John White to the sympa
 thies of all those who would release a worthy
 man of a load placed upon his shoulders by
 j the unrighteous exactions of American sla
 very—a system of iniquity for which the peo
 ple of the North,as well as those of the South
 are alike responsible.— f. d.
 The Liberator.
 Yes! the Lwerator. This glorious oh
 storm-beaten pioneer in the cause of mime
 diate, complete, unconditional and everlastin|
 emancipation, has just entered upon its nine
 teemii volume —full of life and vigor, am
 with heart as true as steel, promises the saim
 devotion to the cause of the oppressed aiu
 plundered of the land, as that which distin
 tinguished it when without a single subscribe
 by a hand of faith it was thrown upon Uu
 breexe. We have an affection for this paren
 of snti-slavcry papers which we cannot fee
 for any other paper in the land. It cotaes U
 ns this week in a bran new typographies
 dress, and makes a beautiful appearance.—
 Success to this courageous and veteran anti
 slavery sheet.— r. d.
 IT? An amateur class of colored youn«
 men gave an elecutionary exhibition in thi
 city, at Irving Hall, on Monday evening, Jan
 Bth, under the superintendance of our activi
 friend, William C. Nell. The eotertainrnen
 was well attended, and the performance
 during the evening seemed to give great satis
 faction. The music, by Bailey A Holmes
 was first rate, sod elicited great applause.—
 We hope there will be a repetition of thee
 entertainments in this city, as the effect can
 not fail to be serviceable. We would bow
 ever suggest the propriety of leaving out every
 thing like the’eoarse comic songs of the day
 To do otherwise, would be to become the min
 isters of our ows degradation.— r. d.
 Wait J. Lewis. —We have received a
 long letter, numerously signed, from Keene
 N. Y., calling in question not only the ability
 but the integrity of this gentleman, bidding
 the grantees of the Smith lands to beware o
 pkciag mooey his bands. The letter
 however, admits that Mr. Lewis is a Justin
 of the Pence, aad Chairman of the School
 Committee of Keene, and that he has a eerU
 as Surveyor, These hen seem to at
 a sufficient guarantee of the character of Mr,
 Lewis, until something definite and tangible it
 prefeired against him.—r.
 Loctubcs os Slave*! —Frederick Don
 glam delivered the first of a some of locfvi
 on this subject, on Sunday evening hat, to i
 large and attentive aodience. He spokt
 chiefly, in this lecture, of the horror* and
 enmities of the slave system. None of ha
 hearers, after listening to his eloquent denun
 grading of slavery, could fail to bi
 tZTheutier tfllimßd M the subject whk*
 all men pafmry to he iaflnenead ia any
 degree by the dictates of Chrireimiry or ho
 The retread lecture wifi In delivered oa
 Sunday eremng nest. It ia in he hoped
 that the paapb of Bsahamer will largely arm
 themoolvoa of this opportunity of hemaq
 alevory exposed hy one who hen hod n pan
 tied supremo ire of its hgrrora*— J
R ■»y r
 1W gn« ra«jy««r )ki&gt;
 $416,14. TMa a feseh smaller ram than
 we tad team to ■tiriptr would rerah from
 our humble efiurta tta post year, and much
 mss tin than it would have been bat for the
 exceedingly inclement state of the weather.
 Nearly the whole three days during the Be
 saar, we bad a protracted snow-storm, ren
 dering the streets very sloppy, and next to
 impassable. Toilsome, however, as was the
 occasion, and disappointing as was the result.
 in this department of our labors in behalf oi
 oar enslaved brothers andnister*.
 During the Bazaar just closed, we have ex
 perienced the truthfulness of that scripture
 which aaith, “As iron sharpened iton, so
 doth the countenance of a man bis friend.”—
 The united offerings at this shrine of freedom
 and humanity, has given ns fresh assurance,
 and inspired ns with renewed seal to perse
 vere in this cause so dear to our hearts. The
 large quantity of rich and appropriate contri
 butions from our transatlantic friends, spoke
 to us in language the most cheering, and re
 vealing to us fresh evidence of the sincere de
 votion sod heartfelt sympathy entertained by
 them for the long-neglected and bleeding
 bondman in our land. As we looked upon
 those contributions, and saw the taste, skill
 and industry which they displayed, we felt
 fortified with courage for the conflict, and
 our hearts to leap with hope] for the speedy
 liberation of our poor, enslaved heart-stricken
 and desponding brothers and sisters.
 Those unacquainted with the years of
 1 hardships and toils through which we have
 had to pass, the opposition and prejudice we
 have been compelled to meet, the cold indif
 ference and almost total apathy by which we
 have been surrounded, can but poorly appre
 ciate the grateful pleasure we experience in
 the friendly co-operation and sympathy ex
 tended to us by our transatlantic friends. To
 thank them for their co-operation, is but a
 poor return for tbeir friendly aid. We are
 are like themselves laborers in the Lord’s
 vineyard. The cause in which we are en
 gaged is His, not ours and it is to the Lord
 of the harvest, who has called us to this
 work, that they and we must look for the
 j sweet reward which must ever flow from a
 consciousness of having acted in obedience to
 the holy law. To Aim who taught (hem to
 remember those in bonds as being bound with
 them, and inspired tbeir hearts with the spirit
 of benevolence and human brotherhood, they
 may safely look for that blessed approbation,
 j Well done, good and faithful servants.”
 The contributions of the friend over eighty
 years of age, whose articles came in the
 London box, excited much interest—as much
 on account of their taste and beauty, as on ac
 j count of the generous and industrious donoi
 by whose hands they were made. Thej
 i confirm the assurance, that benevolence ami
 philanthropy impart youlhfulness and vigor,
 even to those in the midst of the infirmities ol
 old age, and shows that the pathway of virtut
 i grows brighter sad brighter, even onto tbs
 perfect day,
 The offerings of the dear little children,
 from the ages of three to eight, were deeply
 gratifying, reminding us of the loving adrao
 i union of Jesus—“ Suffer liule children tc
 come unto me, foi such is the Kingdom ol
 Heaven.”
 We would especially express our gratitude
 to the Misses Griffiths, of London, througfi
 whose peseverance and industry wq have re
 ceived a box containing a laige and an elegam
 1 assortment of useful, rich and beautiful arti
 cles, in value amounting £B2 275., or aboul
 $4OO. The London box contained not onlj
 valuable contributions from the Misses Grif
 fiths and their ftiends in London, but a fine
 array of contributions from the Misses Cash,
 of Coventry, Ellis, of Bristol, and Dixon, ol
 Sunderland. Besides the valuable articles
 sent to the Bazaar, there were thirty volume;
 for our esteemed friend and coadjutor, Fred
 erick Douglass, together with a brown papei
 patcel, containing a shawl, four tippets,
 and a pocket-book, for his family, all ol
 which have been safely delivered to him.—
 The next box in course is that from Maoches
 ter. It, like the London box, contained the
 contributions of other places, chiefly from the
 Jennings and others, of Cork, and the Mein
 tyres, of Belfast, Ireland, altogether amount
 ing in value to about one hundred and seventy
 five dollars. Our friends in Manchester are
 entitled to our warmest praise. The names
 of the Hoylands, Moores, and Peacocks will
 be repeated and remembered in our circles, a*
 devoted sisters in the cause of emancipation.
 We have also to acknowledge the receipt ol
 two boxes from Carlisle. Much to our regret,
 these did not reach us in time for the Bazaar
 Their valuable contents will, however, be
 early exposed for sale, and the proceeds soon
 turned to the advantage of the cause they
 were designed to promote. The value of the
 eootents of the Carlisle boxes amounted to
 fifty-three pounds, or about two hundred and
 fifty dollars. Though we are chiefly indebted
 to the Nicholsons, Carrs. Brockshsms rad
 others, of Carlisle, for this valuable donatioo,
 we are happy to acknowledge the generous sm)
 rendered to them by the Biehantaons, Pnmt
 maas, and others, in Neweanln-epoa-Tyan—
 the Wilsons, ef Hawick, the Edmondsons,
 Dehto, the Wigbams, of Edinburgh, the
 Pieb of White Haven, sod the CoHtea’s, ol
 Northampton, to each and to all of wboes we
 return oar heartfelt thanks
 It wtffld be exceedingly pleesnnt to mike
 grateful mentinri of each separate article, and
 the name ef each dense, bet such a coon*
 would esrf mirf j the length ef tine
 report beyond warraetable limits can
 not, however, forbear to roenooo, among a
 large variety ef other articles, a few, to give
 the reader some idea ef the estate and extent
 of the contrihetiens.
 brewatag, a Steshas goat, asleep, partridges,
 999 0^
 dbafcee. Wjk these came a kddy's saddle/d
 Mm. IWm Sewell, of Cazhaie. The fancy
 fameetas flam the Cans, ef Caritaie, demand
 wide waste of watere. O
 lbs i raiiihetii r u
 bensM portfolios ef dried plants and sa*
 i
«Mds. Tba lull W *kffl evinced ia die
 arrmngereent, ud (belabor sad time bestowed
 □poo them, excited general remark and admi
 ration Bat we MM now content outwJwi
 with a general sumrediy of the content* of the
 Brit tab boxes.
 Pencil and other drawings, paintings of va
 rious descriptions, Mich aa landscapes, old
 rams, Ac., crotchet and bead-bogs, purses,
 cushions, collars, antimaecases, netted, a ilk,
 and blanket shawls, caps, gloves, hoods,
 caffs, lamps, mats, sofa-guards, dolls, pen
 wipers, doyleys, niceties and tippets, travel*
 eiling companions, children's frocks and
 aprons, men’s slippers, handkerchiefs, watch
 hooks, netting stirrups, needle-cases, book
 marks, knitted balls, papeterie portfolios, op
 era dancers, bracelets, necklaces, toys, pic
 tures. Mind tassel-covers, jet ornaments,
 watch-guards, watch-pockets, one Venetian
 glass plate of rare beauty, sofa, toilet, and
 ♦'lbow-cushioni^pinafbiee,kettle holders, paint
 ed baskets, and draanng-cards. Of aH these
 articles there were a great variety, and of
 various beauty and utility.
 We now turn to our own State and limited
 circle; and regret to say that the efforts here
 have not been as productive this year aa last;
 yet we feel no discouragement at this. W e
 have received the generous assistance of our
 friend, Julius R. Ames, of Albany Millport
 sent up her substantia) contributions in skirts,
 stockings, doable gowns, &amp;c., which at once
 met the wants of the utilitarians, and brought
 help to the slaves’ treasury Waterloo was.
 as usual, well represented in the Bazaar, both
 in its contributions and the persons of some
 of its anti-slavery inhabitants. A box was
 received from Mary Springstend, of Cazeno
 via, the contents of which sold readily. We
 acknowledge with pleasure the generous dona
 tion of oar friend, E. S. Platt, Bath, and also
 the pecuniary aid rendered us by our esteemed
 friend, Pliny. Sexton, Palmyra. We would
 also acknowledge our gratitude to Mrs. Ben
 nett, Auburn, Mrs. Mclntyre, Darien City,
 Mr. A. H. Fiancis and lady, of Buffalo, from
 all of whom we have received generous aid in
 onr present Bazaar. We cannot pass from
 these acknowledgments without a special no
 tice of our Henrietta friends. We were
 greatly indebted to them, not only for articles
 of beauty in supplying our most attractive
 tables, but for abundant contributions to. that
 m
 always profitable table, the refreshment table.
 The cream, eggs, chickens, butter and biscuit
 I from Henrietta, we found exceedingly ser
 viceable. To the Lattings, Maltbys, Robin
 sons, Kirbys, Hazletons, Campbells, we re
 turn our sincere thanks for the valuable aic
 which they severally rendered us. The aic
 and encouragement afforded by the Wes
 Winfield friends, and the presence of Mrs
 Green, from that place, were peculiarly ae
 ceptable and valuable.
 The Bazaar was somewhat valuable ii
 bringing together a class of persons with dis
 similar views on the subject of slavery, am
 afforded an opportunity of making an anti
 slavery impression upon those who would no
 be likely to attend an ordinary anti-slaver]
 i meeting. Several anti-slavery speeches wen
 asad* and an anti sins—y poem was reset bj
 Mr. Ellis, of Henrietta, during the Bazaar
 and many refreshing anti-slavery songs were
 sung by our friend, George W. Clark. Some
 of them were very effective; especially so wai
 his Slave Mother’s Lament,” the singing ol
 which must have touched a cord in the heart!
 of all who heard it.
 We close our imperfect account of this
 Bazaar, by reaffirming our confidence in the
 faithful and fearless proclamation of truth, as
 a means of reforming the world, and pledging
 ourselves to renewed efforts to hasten its
 spread over our slavery-cursed country, earn
 estly praying that liberty may soon be pro
 claimed throughout onr land unto all the
 inhabitants thereof.
 AMY POST, Secretary.
 Sound the Atom.
 That the question of Free Soil is henceforth
 to become the great leading political topic of
 this country, is now admitted by all; and
 that the true friends of freedom everywhere
 favor th\s movement, in preference to all other
 political movements yet at issue, is no less
 true. That the colored American entertains
 a partiality towards the Free Soil party never
 before manifested by them for aoy other poli
 tical party in our country, is worthy of re
 mark. This, perhaps, is not from what this
 movement really ia, but what it is expected
 to be
 The great question now shoold be, What
 j is to be the future course of policy pareoed
 by the Free Soil party Is it to be sincerely
 and faithfully urged, and if successful, prac
 ticslly carried out, Free Soil,” Free Ter
 ritory, Free Speech, and Free Men,” to all
 men, fundamentally including in this issue the
 rights of colored men, or all persons on
 American soil, of whatever origin or descant;
 or do they simply intend by the alluring cry,
 “Free Sod, Free Territory, Free Speech,
 and Free White Men”* This, to every
 friend of freedom and impartial liberty, espe
 cially the colored American, should be the
 great leading thought, adopting as their
 I motto, Repulsion to every species of Pro
 sen ptwo.’
 Ik io tree that many of the friends of free
 dom have their hopes parched high upon the
 prospects of the coming tteae but Jot them
 loot be deceived. Let them notmtaks peom
 i ires for principles, sod politico) scoreea for
 the propagation of great truths. It is sax-;
 loosly desuod, and ssngaindy ex peered, that
 the heretofore existing policy will eonw to
 form tire political huts spou which the two
 grant parties acred, and a bow policy arenmod,
 baaed open Northern and Southern lassressa
 That, even that distant-vwionsd, lynx-eyed}
 Southern Argue, with jaekai-kke regaetty
 sod perception, has already predicted. Bet
 *-r Tiftimt art -V 1 —r
 of American despotism and mfomy. John C.
 Orihnun, there may he there of more reader
 if oot pnreßrl with h», may ho equal re a
 iyu-1 robber and political swindler
 Calhoun hre, U is tree, predicted, and am
 tataly all who observe the paternal centre of
 assure in thre eoontry, kshurel before hopre
 dieted, that such would he the change ef peJ
 tis ireure of slavery, vtM da ‘‘anythag and
 everything, ho anything at aothmf,” in aim
 The aZTprennnent foams**! Amort
 eaa policy in, to preserve nmolare the Mb arty
 of the warm In this country, and re at
ttmpt to deny or disguise this, both nnjow
 sod dishonest. This policy has been the
 leading measure in the country, and is one nf
 the fundamental principles incorporated in the
 earliest actions of the American people, j«
 the provisions against the Indians, their ex
 pu sion, and the continued wrongs perpetrated
 against that people show. This should not
 be lost sight of by the friends of freedom
 especially the colored American; and to main
 tain this liberty to them, a onion of the States
 appeared to be necessary. To preserve this
 Union, any concession that can, may he made
 What then should be expected under such
 circumstances f
 The cry of Free Men was raised, not for
 the extension of liberty to the black man,bt j
 for the protection of the liberty of the white
 The liberty of the whites of the North «i«
 endangered by the encroachments of the slats
 power; hence, an alarm was necessary to
 arouse the North and alarm the South, who
 determined on the permanent establishment of
 slavery, as the North is well adTieed of,
 ever ready, to compromise, and always able to
 find one.
 To this end, the South will be on (he alert
 —ever watchful over her interests, she wdl
 have an eye to the final retuh; and rathe r
 than be instrumental in bringing about so dis
 astrous a result as tho dissolution of the la
 ion, the most sure and certain step to emanci
 pation, she will yield to any measure.
 The present political movement will as
 sume a new aspect—the South will propose u
 compromise, and the Nonh will concede.—
 No fears; the South will not propose a seces
 sion, except M an only alternative, though in
 the confusion of alarm they have said it, but
 will join issue, and make common cause with
 the Free Soil movement. Pro-slavery Whig*
 and Democrats in the North will be among
 the foremost in the measure, while the unsus
 pecting philanthropist, honest-hearted and
 inexperienced colored American will be de
 luded.
 The Free Soil party will assume the policy
 of the National Reformers, whose fundamen
 tal principles are based not upon man's rights
 to himself his, to them. Is of secondary
 consideration; but upon his natural right to
 i the soil and Homestead Exemption. Thu
 does not interfere with the policy of the South,
 and this they will quickly concede.
 Securely concealed behind this veil of de
 ception, and defended by the ramparts of such
 vast political machinery, the accustomed cryoi
 Free Soil,” will be thundered through the
 nation, every ear listfully catching the sound,
 i and while the colored people are contentedly
 waiting for results favorable to their redemp
 1 tion, the rights of the whites will lie estab
 lished, the claims of the slave power con
 ceded, and slavery extended into every new
 State and Territory South of 36 3 30m at
 l i the line. This we predict, will be the final
 result of the present issue, or we very much
 mistake the American character, finod
 friends there are who desire otherwise, bet
 1 these may be set down as pure Christian pht
 laothropists, few in number, and weak in
 power and means. Politicians we dare not
 confide in; they, have little sympathy with
 the slave, or concern for the rights of the
 nominally free colored people and Indians.
 These facts the colored people, both North
 and South, should be hastily apprized of.—
 They should be aroused from their sluggish
 indifference and drowsy dreaming, in every
 direction, and faithfully forewarned of th&gt;
 I danger that approaches. Sound the alarm'
 Let the tocsin be heard ut the rustling of ev
 ery wind! Brethren, awake I danger is at
 your door. Let us not destroy our cause by
 j vain expectations, but stand ready for any
 emergency that may arise.
 Armed with Truth and Justice.
 Onward io the fight,
 M e’ll battle for Freedomcat w,
 And “And may God defend the right-*'
 m. a. t&gt;.
 j The Whig Almanac foe 1849.—Thank*
 1 1° Messrs. Greeley Sc McElrath for s copy oi
 this book. Besides the usual chronological
 tables of such publicstions, this Almanac
 contains much valuable statistical and general
 information. It is well worth the price
 j charged for it, aod will doubtless have a very
 extensive circulation.—j. o.

 The American Metropolitan Maga
 zine.—We have been favored with the first
 number of a new Monthly bearing this title-
 Amongst the contributors to this periodical
 I are some well-known tod favorite writen
 One of its objects, ss the editor says in hi
 Introductory,” will be 44 to exalt and refi.v
 the taste of the many, by presenting the love
 liest forms of truth and beauty, as a meats
 for the deepest impressions.” From a cur
 sory perusal, I should judge that this object
 has not been forgotten. The book is beiutt
 fully printed, sod the historical and fictitious
 narratives of which it is principally cuoiposoi.
 are illustrated by numerous engiavtr.g*.— J-t&gt;
 The Genesee Faemex appears uus moot:.
 1 a new dress, aad looks quite handsome
 TVss is an excellent periodical, and has, it
 believed, a more extensive ewcalatioo this
 any ether in the country That treats of atmda--
 subjects There is nothing that exer-s a
 j more humanising influence epou the mind this
 gardening aod horticulture. If Americas*
 could be persuaded to adopt the European
 practice is thw respect, they would be botn
 happier aed hector mm. The Farms*
 abound* ta valuable hints hath for tbe aaw
 I tear and the afyieohnriaL—j. p

 T« Prison tas* Faiffam—Thu aagifcu
 eoaMMneoe the year wish its nual auk* at of
 in addit»a« a WonUful emnl sag !a*mg u
 Fmnrnrnm Waterworks, near Fhtbdelpbw
 It contains aitkfat on the Death Peealt*
 hi Michigan,** Femh rinin iniiir
 TV Prie mots' Friood in an able, and it i*
 I V hoped. «1 V a auraaaafad advocate f&lt;*
 the ahnhtma ef that mV uf Marian-d*
 Cattwws.—
 (hr thanks are due «h Ike J G Pus** 1
 fat a copy of the Umt from the Secretary
 Inf the Tenancy, transmuting M
 R opart uf theoMeof the Finances
 Taa Cash Amuat of «V Lidias’
 and of tV Watters N. Y. Aeti-Savery
 eiety, aac crowded eat this week. *lVt
 IT M. tL Pi, Pnuwrtu--W« y*
 fame no with a letter. We wan*
 hear from you.—v. a-
"
