"jlortrjj.
A POEM
 wmrrt* von thr rothrmr* *dti*»u»
 Ttftf rasaak.
 bt k. c. E!xn»
 Hail, mert'd Liberty? ditixly
 Purr frorr fbe tmaMeou* band of Ffearea,
 To walk t *»ral with thy si*l»*r Troth.
 ni«pen*inr life to dst&amp;xr and to youth;—*
 Thou guid'oij (frnm* of th* immortal miiM.
 Kxpar.diru thought to limits undefined,
 F.niireninp &lt;KWrt' with philanthropic fire,
 And biddhu! self to light it* funeral pyre;
 Come! lovely now an in thy primal birth.
 And brood utith gentle wing* o'er all the earth.
 When fim the rapid march of time began.
 TV dawn of progress and the n«e of man.
 Then, wid* remreying, on hi* »oresign throne.
 Jehovah bfc -a* and called the world hie own,—
 Then man, th* nobhut in bin mttchieit* scheme,
 Burst forth in light, from dark oblivion's dream.
 I i e raw afo the wide and teeming plain,
 Wham fruitful Ore* bold* her bound lean reign,
 All nature !»l &gt;oming iu it* new -born pride,
 Like rosy garlands on the virgin Vide,
 Fine a* the oreexe that sweep* adown the vale, I
 Unchained a* ocean ’mid the stormy gale.
 Whence, ben, the slavel Not by Heaven’s de-!
 cree,
 For peerles* Wisdom made til nature free.
 Thou, O man, the puny being of ao hour,
 Hast claimed superlative and guilty power
 To make thy brother man a fettered slave,
 Subservient to thy wish! Doe* ocean’s wave
 Bend at thy .od, or heed thy proud command,
 And cease t" wa«li the rock-imbedded si rand l
 No; thy mandatory voice alone can bind
 Ao equal both in body and in niiad;
 Aye, he who Var« within tin* immortal soul.
 Me t cringe to thee am! thy supreme control.
 1 rambled »n the w ide unchanging shore.
 And listening heard the yeasty billons roar,
 Beheld each rising Mirge, and bide it rest
 It lieard—ye heeded n &gt;t my vain behest.
 Upon tV Alpine height* 1 proudly stood,
 While down them rolled the angry mountain flood,
 Gleamed the Voad glaciers in their snowy re=t,
 As streamed the sunlight from the talin,' west,
 Vet mountain height, l!«t kissed the azure sky,
 Obeyed no tyrant’s voice, nor deigned reply
 In chaink-.'fi tnajesu tliev stood sublime,
 Ilefving man aud all the shocks of time.
 And art tiioii free I sail, yet wanting soul.
 While man immortal lieuds to man's control?
 I asked the plains, which spicy zepiyrs lave.
 If thou art free where find the toiling slave?
 Hark! soft breezes murmuring through lire vale.
 Re-echo back the low responsive tale—
 Turn! turn! to fair Columbia's blnod-booglit soil.
 And view the land of unrequited toil;
 Go where Potomac’s billow dashes,
 Amid the din of citaius and lashes,
 Or to the rice rw.unp* of the black Sontee,
 And hear the bondman sighing to lie free.
 Go, ask them, when their daily toil i» done,
 Hotv sweet their labor* hieath a southern sun!
 How strong the lie* flint bind tlir-rn to that earth, j
 The land that gave to freedom noble birth—
 Would not this answer load each passing breath—
 To he a slave is but a living death.”
 Columbia! when the trance of ages broke—
 When Freedom fn rn her loi g repose awoke,
 And like ilic slars that gem the brow of night,
 Shed oVr thy fruitful plains licr holy light,
 When thou, young giant of the forest-west,
 Wrote, Death or freedom! on tli\ stalwart crest,
 What nerved thy heart? wliat bid thy sluiiib’ring
 sword,
 To meet on gory plains oppression’s lord?
 Go! ask the blood-dyed waves of Brandywine,
 Where met in deadly strife th’embattled line—
 Go, ask tha marble shaft on Bunker’s height,
 A monument to tell of sanguine fight—
 Go, ask the gray-haired vet’ran why he Mail,
 Or why his comrade’s blood was freely shed—
 Will not the indignant answer quickly come—
 We fought for liberty and sacred home,
 We braved the foe, and won the laurelled prize.
 Yet M in, as slave, in cheerless bondage lies.”
 Art thou, O Liberty! like Hecate old,
 Thrice-named, indeed, with natures manifold!
 Does not thy spell impart to every heart,
 An equal joy, that gladdens all the rest?
 Shall change of hue, or stranger-land of birth.
 Destroy its power, or least impair its worth?
 Go, learn to think, and act the part of man!
 Wouldst thou deny a brother what to thee
 Is given in boundless love, unclaimed yet free!
 If in thy heart no love of justice dwells,
 It at thv deeds no rising thought rebels,
 Withdraw fiotn man, and seek some sinless cave,
 And there repent, or live to self a slave.
 My country? shall the long oppressive chain
 Forged on thy children longer still remain?
 Ha# not redemption’s hour at length appeared
 When Moloch’s altar shall no more be reared?
 Lo! it loads each tranpAtlantic breath—
 The shout of millions freed from wasting death; 1
 O j
 Each balmy zephyr o’er the Indian Isles,
 Is redolent with joy and freedom's smiles;
 The slave no more a slave, uplifts his hand,
 And about* for liberty and ransomed land:
 In joyous acclamations hear him sing—
 Hail natal day! thy glorious offering
 Restores to us our great primeval right,
 So long withheld bv dark Oppression’# might ;J j
 Where once was heat'd the bondman’s lonely sigh,
 The rankling chain, the mother’s plaintive cry—
 Ttiere, anthems swell, and hymn* of grateful praise, J
 Which none but ransomed hearts can ever raise.
 Sltall thrones and crown* precede m generous daeds, 1
 And hear the pining ruppli uit when he pleads.
 While we, when Freedom’s banu r o’er us waves.
 Refuse to hear tile earnest prayer of slaves
 Arid shall we boast our free and happy land,
 While toiling woman wears the servile lirand—
 IV Idle frantic uiothei* cry in accents wild,—
 “Spare! oh, spare my young and guileless child”’
 It this oiw lioastl Go tell the peasant Pole
 To fly the chain that birds his hand and soul!
 Go, bid the Russian *rrf no more to toil,
 W liere despot* claim die rule of man and soil;
 To break I i- chain, and *.uek the genial shore,
 'V here proud Oppression hold* it* reign no more,
 W oold not hi* &gt;ir* ,ver ti ige thy brow with shame, j
 And ask thee, Where's thy freedom, but in name? i
 But 10. u light m breaking from afar,
 With tweet rrfnlvenea a« the morning star.
 It light# tin- soul. long stnietrling 'neath tfo. spell,
 Which like a cloud of darkness o'er j* f
 It gives the rising thought a wider -coiMf,
 And bids U»r sighing One e\u!i m hn|»e.
 U! through F.uro|**N long-oppn-tM domain. i
 Tho germ of freedom' npring* to life again.
 Tmlh bur.-t* tin crumbling hands of error’s thrall
 King* ami kingdom* w ith convulsion* fall.
 Sen struggling France, from ’ne ith dynastk »wa\,
 Buret forth in ligltt at Prce.lotu’* orient ra,
 A* when the fliogy cloari* toveil tl# sky.
 And Luna wall in siWni majesty.
 Ohacured at first, till but -ting through her screen
 Shioes her liroad di»k, a id wide displiys her sheen,
 So springs th* '&gt;ung repijUtNo it* pri.le,
 Whil i trembling thrnpft tall piVsuate at her mb-;
 And *ba!l we p-- i*e in t*»ire»t for the r glit,
 For Justice, irv'h, ai*&gt;l freedom sacred light!
 Shall that brig*, t star that t«ain«d m day* by-gone.
 When fitst the Union *a*v it* happy daws.
 Go down at noon, or patne in high career,
 Till it hath beamed effulgence for and near
 Oh! slu'd our teeming vale* and fertile plains
 Rosound with wail* of woe and clanking chain*?
 Will not the jovial day of prounae come,
 When all way *.iy, txdumbia, happy home?
 The day i* diwning! Lo' the Northern Star
 Wheel* the »s« ad heaveas.and sited* iu I team* afefi
 It ipttlu, pk ad- for that downtrodden race,
 Whose hue alone ha* stamped them with
 Look! master*, though it oe’et your love invites,
 Mltr'l* an tremble at the Northern Lights'
Ye aaafoMUfU? with dr of power and place.
 Wii jm not meat the monster her U» fecvV {j
 •hall tyrants laager lift the Mr fary lend*,
 To ply tha task, and forge tha servile bands.
 Yet need ye more of human sacrifice?
 Have not beard enough of lain data’s atgb*?
 Oh’ if f love your country's gamed a mm.
 Your fotbet aad their lofty deeds of fame,
 Me longer let the starry baaoer wave
 O’er freedom’s soil polluted with a slave!
 If ye would bind your brow* with garlands fair—
 Such boys akme as barurs drrga to wear;
 If ye w o«M uin the tasifes uf ronmg time,
 And runrt the geie roo- praise of every cfiuw—
 If ye aw old bear the joyous chorus pesJ
 la sweet Uvcanno* for your kindest weal,—
 Break off the chain, and bid (be daw arise
 To manhood and it# highest destinies.
 When woman lifts her voice in magic strain- ,f
 Kweet as thr mphvr o'er hnariaat plain*,
 And plead* that man, no more oppressed, may wear
 The brand that not the vilest menials hear;
 Will am the -oogp re-echo through the bud,
 From fcrttie*i east tn broad Pacific's straud!
 Hail, joyous day' hail happy morn of peace,
 When o’er the world oppressiou’s work shall oea.te?
 Wake’ freemen, wake' why willyu slumber more,
 I When Slavery’* cone pollutes our Southern shore
 Columbia! dearer for thy plain* shall be
 I Thv stream# and mountains, when thy son* are free:
 TVs far and near the welcome note shall break,
 j Aad man from thraldom to new life awake
 Then freedom’s chasea eagle, sporting high.
 Shall bear our nation’s banner lo the sky,
 While freemen, all, from either ocean’s strand,
 Snail3i»out,Gou, LfSERTT, ard Native Laud
 Henrietta, Dec. 184 ft.
0 1 1 el l ion s.
THE EXECUTION OF MARIE
 ANTOINETTE.
 j
 BY LAMARTINE. 4
 The Cortege left the Cnnciprgcrie
 amidst crieu of Vivo la Repttbliqo!"
 “Place a I’Autrichiennc!” Place a
 la veuve Capet!” A bas la tyrannic!"
 The comedian Grammont, aid-de-catap
 of Ronnin, gave the example and the
 signal to the people, brandi hing the
 naked sword, and parting the crowd by
 the breast of his horse. The hands of
 the Queen being bound, deprived her
 of support against the jolting of the
 car upon the pavement. She endeavor
 j cd by every means to preserve her equi
 librium, and the dignity of her attitude.
 —“These are not your cushions of
 Trianon,” shouted some wretches to
 I her. The .cries, the looks, the laugii
 ter, and gestures of the people over
 whelmed her with humiliation. Her
 1 cheeks changed continually from pur
 ple to paleness, and revealed the agita
 tion and reflux her blood. Notwith
 -1 standing the care she had taken of her
 toilette, the tattered appearance of her
 dress, the coarse linen, the common
 stuff and the crumpled plaits, dishon
 ored her rank. The curls of her hair
 escaped from her cap and flapped -with
 the breeze upon her forehead. Her red
 and swollen eyes though dry, showed
 the long inundation of care augmented
 by tears. She bit her under-lip for
 some moments with her teeth, as a per
 son who suppressed the utterance of
 acute sufferings. When she had cross
 ed the Pont-au-Ch&amp;ngc, and the
 tumultuous quartets of Paris, the silence
 1 and serious aspect of the crowd be
 spoke another region of the people. If
 1 it was not pity, it was at least dismay.
 Her countenance regained tho calm and
 uniformity of expression which the out
 rages of the multitude had first dis
 turbed. she thus travelled slowly the
 j w hole length of the Rue St. Honorc.
 The priest placed on a long seat by her
 side endeavored in vain to call her at
 tention, by the words which she seemed
 i to repel from her cars. Her looks
 wandered, with all their intelligence,
 i over the facades of the houses, over
 the Republican inscriptions, and over
 j the costumes and physiognomy of this
 'capital, so changed to her since sixteen
 (months of captivity. She regarded,
 above all, the windows of the upper
 stories from which floated the tricol
 j ored banner, the ensign of patriotism.
 The people thought, and witnesses
 i have written, that her light and puerile
 attention was attracted to this exterior
 j decoration of Republicanism. Her
 'thoughts were different. Her eyes
 sought a sign of safety amongst these
 sigrs «f her loss. She approached the
 house which had been pointed out to
 her in her dungeon. She examined
 with a glance the window -whence was
 to descend upon her head the absolu
 -1 tion of a distinguished priest. A gesture,
 I inexplicable to the multitude, made him
 known to her. She closed her eyes,
 lowered her forehead, collected herself
 under the invisible hand which blessed
 her; and, being unable to use her
 bound hands, she made the sign of the
 cross upon her breast, by three move.
 incuts of her hand. he spectators
 thought she prayed alone, and respect
 ed her fervency. An inward j&lt;*y and
 (consolation shone from this moment
 upon her countenance. On entering
 i upon the Place of the Revolution, the
 i leaders of the cortege caused the car to
 approach as near as possible to the
 Pont Tounant, and stopped it a short
 time before the entrance of the gardens
 of the Tuileries. Marie Antoinette
 turned her head on the side of her
 ancient palace, and regarded for some
 moments that odious and yet dear
 theatre of her greatness and of her fall.
 Some tears fell upon her knees. All
 her past life appeared before her in
 i the hour of her death.—Some few more
 turns of the wheels and she was at the
 1 foot of the guillotine. The priest and
 itie executioner assisted her to descend,
 sustaining her by the elbows. She
 mounted the steps of the ladder. On
 reaching the scaffold, she inadvertently
 trod upon the executioner’s foot. This
 tnan uttered a cry of pain. Pardon
 .me," she said to him, in a tone of voice
 as if she had spokeu to one of her
 court it rs She knelt down for an in
 istant. and uttered a half audible prayer;
 afterwards rising, Adieu once again
 my children,” said site, regarding the
 j towers of the Temple, 1 go t 0 rejoin
 your father.” She dtd not attempt,
 dike Louis XVI. to justify herself be
 fore the people, uor to move them by
 an appeal to his roemorj. Her features
 did not wear, like those of her husband,
 the impression of tho anticipated bliss
 ot the just and the martyr, but that o(
 disdain for mankind, and a proper im
 patience to depart from life. She did
 not rush to heaven; she fled (ram earth,
 and bequeathed to it her indignation
 and its own remorne. The executioner,
 trembling more than the, was seized
with a tremor when disengaging thi
 Me. The head r W M- n
 assistant took it ujp oy tne hair, am
 made the round of the scaflold, raising
 it in his right hand and allowing it tt
 the people. A long cry of I&gt;r U
 firftublufut. saluted the decapitate*
 member and already senseless features
 The Revolution believed itsdfaveuged
 it was only disgraced. The bleed of i
 woman recoiled upon its glory, withoci
 cementing it* liberties. Paris, how
 ever, felt less emotion nt this murdei
 'than at that of the King. Public op
 inion affected an indifference to one o
 i the most odious executions that dis
 i graced the Republic.
 This sacrifice of a Queen and a
 j foreigner, amongst a people who had
 adopted her, bad not even the com
 pensation of tragical events-—the re
 morse and grief of a nation. Thus
 died this Queen, frivolous in prosperity,
 sublime in misfortune, intrepid upon
 the scaflold, the idol of a court mutila
 ted by the peole, long the love, and
 afterwards the blind counsellor of Roy
 alty, and latterly the personal enemy
 of the Revolution. This Revolution,
 i the Queen knew neither how to fore
 see, to comprehend, nor to accept; she
 knew only how to irritate and to fear
 it. She took refuge in the Court, in
 i place of throwing herself into the bosom
 of the people. The people cast on her
 j unjustly all the hatred with which they
 persecuted the ancient regime. They
 attached all the scandal and treason of
 the Court to her name. Omnipotent,
 by her beauty and by Iter wit, over her
 husband, she invested him with her
 unpopularity, and dragged him by her
 love to his destruction. Her vacilliat
 ing policy following the impressions of
 the moment, by turijs timid in defeat,
 and rash iu success, neither knew how
 to recede nor to advance at the proper
 moment and ended by converting
 itself into intrigues with the emigration
 party and with foreign powers. The
 charming and dangerous favorite of an
 antiquated, rather than the Queen of a
 new monarchy, she had neither the
 prestige of ancient Royalty—respect;
 nor the prestige of a new reign—popu
 larity she knew only how to fasci
 nate, to mislead, and to die. Called
 by a people to occupy, a throne, that
 fickle people did not even grant Iter a
 tomb. For we read upon the register
 of the general interments, in La Mad
 aleine.” For the coffin of the widow
 Capet, seven francs.” Rehold the
 total of the life of a Queen, and the
 enormous sums expended during a
 prodigal reign for the splendor, the
 pleasures, nnd bounties of a woman
 who had possessed Versailles, Saint
 Cloud, and Trinon. When Providence
 j desires to address men with the rude
 eloquence of Royal vicissitudes, it
 speaks with a sign more powerful than
 the eloquent discourses of Seneca and
 Bousset, and inscribes a vile cyphci
 upon the register of a grave digger
 THE CORNINII MINER.
 ‘The employment of the miner is
 very liable to accident; he lias nol
 only to descend to his labor, and tc
 ascend after it is over, every eight
 hours, but he has to traverse levels at a
 great depth below the surface before
 he reaches his place of work; and so
 deep are the mines, that it frequently
 costs an hour to reach the surface aftei
 his labor is done. Few have an idea ol
 the magnitude of a Cornish mine of the
 'more extensive kind; but some notion
 may be formed of the vastness of the
 workings, when we state that Ihose ol
 the Consolidated Mines alone extend 6G
 miles under ground, or 55.000 fathoms.
 The ascent and descent are by ladders,
 which were formerly perpendicular as
 to the sides of the mine, and fifty feet
 long; but as the mines have been
 worked deeper, the ladders have been
 shortened to half that length, and
 placed as slopingly as possible, to ease
 the miner, whose weight is thus ren
 dered more dependent upon his feet
 than it was before, and less upon his
 hands.’ Notwithstanding the great in
 conveniences of working much below
 ground, the Cornish miner has some
 of the enjoyments of life. If his toil in
 the mine has not been to great, on
 repairing to his cottage, he cultivates
 i his acre or two of ground, which he
 obtains on lease, upon easy terms,
 from the heathy downs, for three lives,
 at a few shillings, rent. There, by
 (degrees, he has contrived to build a
 small cottage, often a good part of it
 with his own hand, the stone costing
 him nothing ;or it may be he has only
 taken land for the growth of potatoes,
 to cultivate to which he repars and urns
 the ground, and rents a cottage at fifty
 or sixty shillings a year, with a right
 of turf fuel, which he cuts and pre
 pares himself. Many miners have
 tolerable gardens, and some are able
 |to do their own carpentry work; and
 near the coast, others are expert fisher
 men. The fishermen themselves, a
 very sturdy and bold set of men, culti
 'vatp their own potato ground when on
 ‘shore. In the mining districts of the
 'west, about Camborne and Redruth,
 i tiie ground is literally sown with cot
 ;tagcs. In Cornwall, the miners link
 together the different laboring classes;
 and the farm-laborer often imbibes,
 from mingling with the miners and fish
 ermen, a spirit and acuteness akin to a
 sense of independence not observed in
 the rustic of other countries. The
 miner is generally possessed of per
 -1 sonal courage in a very eminent de
 gree. At least one-third of the crew
 'of Captain Pellew’s (Lord EtmouthV)
 ship, that fought the gallant action with
 the Cleopatra French frigate, the first
 naval action last war, were Co/nbb
 miners, who had never been at sea in a
 ship before; aad almost all on hoard
 were fellow-countrymen of Pellew. In
 'deed courage is required in many sit
 nations in which the miner ia placed.—
 Titus, at Boulhtck mine, at the extreme
 west of the country, a few miles from
 j the Land's End, and close to Cape
 •Cornwall, a shore lashed by the full
 jfury of the Atlantic the workings are
 upon the verge of Jthe cliff, and, des
 cending beneath the sea, 'are carried
 out 4*lo feet beyoad low water mark;
 and in soma places not eighteen feet ii
 i left between the workings and the sea.
 At every flux aad reflux of the tide,
 the waves are heard breaking ia thun
 der over head; wonderfully high at
 they ma, nod tremendously loud ai
 tb«7 roar, from over aa ocean hundred*
of lragues broad; the F‘®ce» o
 stone rolled backward and foward or
 the beach during a storm can be die
 liwflr heard above, grating bard
 thunder/ Several parts of lode beinf
 rich, were followed to within a few fee
 ol' the water, when in stormy wenthei
 the noise became so tremendous/ tha
 the Miners intrepid as they are, deeert
 cd their labor once or twice, lest the set
 £»la*uld break in upon them.
 The nature of the work iff the Cor
 nUb miner way be further eatimatec
 from the fed of the shafts alone of oni
 mine being together twenty miles it
 depth beneath the surface, and some
 1652 feet deep, or nearly five times the
 height of St. Paul’s from the cross tc
 the ground, or 310 feet. The 1 Great
 Adit,' cut Irom side to side of the coun
 ty, measures more than thirty miles,
 including its branches; and in some
 parts it is 400 feet below the surface ol
 the ground. The largest branch ol
 this adit is five afid a-balf miles, and it
 opens into the sea above high-water
 mark at Restronget creek. This is
 tunnelling of some character, and
 evinces abundantly the perseverance,
 ingenuity, and hazardous nature oi
 i these undertakings, as well as the
 character of those who plan and car
 ry them into effect.
 The Botallack mine at St. Just is not
 the only Mupcndons undertaking, a
 part of the workings of w hich Cornwall
 exhibits, or has exhibited, above
 sround. We have mentioned the
 Carclnze tin mine, worked for 400
 years open to the day. Near Penzance
 there was an extraordinary undertak
 ing called the Wherry mine, of which
 the mouth opened in the sea; the mine
 was commenced 720 feet from the
 shore, and the miners worked 100 feet
 beneath. A steam engine was erected
 on the shore, which communicated by
 rods with tho shaft, and so pumped up
 the w’ater. The rods passed by the
 side of a platform or wherry, tilted
 upon piles. A vessel in a storm was
 once driven against the platform and
 carried away a portion of it.—The up
 per part of the shaft consisted of a
 caisson, which rose twelve feet above
 the ocean level, and stood in the midst
 of the mound of rubbish excavated
 trotn the mine, the miners descending
 through the sea to their labor, the;
 water continually dropping from the
 roof of the mine, and the roar of the
 waves being distinctly preceptible be
 low. The undertaking was adventur
 ous beyond example, and was ultimately
 given up from the expense exceeding
 ing the profit. The ore raised was tin,
 some of which w f as mingled with pyrit
 ous copper, and a portion of it was ol
 very good quality.’—^‘ England in tin
 .Yinefcenth Century.
 i Charles Lamb. —His genius or his
 1 humor, (which was in fact hig genius]
 —that it is now well known and justly
 i valued, ft was delightful— strange—
 learned—peculiar, (as all origina
 genius must be?) exhibiting itself it
 quaint and curious guises. Above all
 it was genial, embracing all thing!
 kindly—a‘l things that came within it!
 scope.—Mere wit is a small, smart self
 sufficing quality. But genuine humoi
 is akin to imagination. It is winget
 and had a gentle nature; leaning tow
 ards human weakness; loving to 100 l
 on the sunny side of things. Of thi:
 sort especially was Charles Lamb’:
 humor. Nothing came amiss to him,
 so that it had, or seemed to have, the
 elements of good within. He took in
 the high and low. He loved to stoop
 perhaps better than to soar. &gt;Jost fre
 quent, iudeed, he devoted his thought*
 toTiumble persons and familiar objects;
 but sometimes he rose w’ith the occa
 sion and sacrificed to the gods.—Lon
 don Examiner.
 Sermon on Drinking.— To keep
 continually dry, always wear an oil
 cloth dress, carry a good umbrella,
 and practice rum-drinking. The first
 two articles, however, are only essential
 in protecting the outside from the super
 abundant moisture,but the last keeps the
 inside as dry as a stovepipe. I never
 knew a rum-drinker who was not eter
 nally dry—dry in all kinds of weather.
 He goes fo bed dry, and gets up dry—
 keeps himself dry during the day. It’s
 not to be wondered at; for how can he
 be otherwise than dry when he keeps
 the blue blaze constantly burning in his
 bosom, by pouring double-distilled de
 struction dow*n his throat forever. In
 fact, iny friends, the more he drinks the
 dryer he grows; on his death-bed he
 cries for more drink, for the last time,
 and then goes out of the world as thirsty
 as if he had lired on codfish all the days
 of his life. Dow, Jr.
The English Soldier.— ln no other
 country in the world is the soldier so
 heartily despised as in England and
 in none is he more cordially admired.
 Men look down upon him with unbound*
 ed contempt women look up to him
 with passionate adoration. He is ridi
 culed on the one side; he is worshipped
 on the other. He is at once a lobster
 and a hero. He is insulted in- the
 streets; he is courted from the areas.
 1 he butcher’s boy shoulders his empty
 tray with a taee full of impudence, and
 the cook-maid, as she retires whith the
 joint, looks back at him with a face full
 of love.. His red coat, his erect car
 riage, his handsome persoo, the halo of
 bravery which surrounds him, gladden
 the eyes, possess the imaginations, and
 fill the hearts of the gentler sex, whilst
 men think him a poor creature indeed,
 because he may not put his hands in
 his pockets, stay out after nightfall, or
 get drunk at discretion. They see he
 is at the mercy of the drill-sergeant—
 that be has sold his liberty for a
 •billing a day—that he is turned into a
 mere machine, without an opinion of
 his own, without even the ordinary
 privilege of a free and enlightened Citi*
 xen to wear aa much dirt upon his
 person as be pleases. For all this they
 heartily despise him; and because be
 is adored by the women, they, more
 over, cordially detest him. Besides,
 be is mixed up in tbeu- minds with some
 undefied notions of tsvsiim and that
 is enough in itsdlf to render him the
 most unpopular animal in the world.—
 North HnUth Revirte.
 ScnooL* run Colored Children
 The Legislature of Louisiana hare ap
 propriated Aim to support public
 •ehoole for free children of color
Sltotertwemmlfe.
 iBHrtMl t« Firam.
 I
 i 1, fW. The Fannif pdbße irt hereby
 scriber far his tbecnu
 -1 »&lt;m«i«iMJwn4iin rfFTiipCawfmM;
 m iynm&lt; m grew m to entirely midksmmm
 the whole »jrtPO of hnwfc by reducing tho •ptp*'
 half or wm. WWn m they lo« been iotr»-
 dwred, they have met the .hridrd a*robatiau o&lt;
 h«ni as the follow tag certificates ho the
 ligent and prartiral fanners whose now* are
 attached. abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, hate
 area aad mod tho Famt Wheel CukiraSnr, mveated
 by Nathan Im, of Shebv. Orleans Co., New
 l nrk, and believe it to be, as a labor-saving aea
 cfciae, one of the greatest mqeuvrnwnsv of tho age.
 By it, a farmer can pot in from tea to Sfteea acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the hobo amount of
 waas labor; he can also sow h ia math bettor wder.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 any be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 strutted that k can be regulated to fa say dnptk, by
 meaas of screws on the upper pan of the machine,
 and thus either plow op the ground thoroughly, or
 ouly jast brash the rerfaet. Upon the whole, aw
 think it decidedly tho boat machine erer in rented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as such wo chowfafly recommend it
 to oar brother fanners.
 James H. Hedlev, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stereos,
 John C. Wheeler, Unites Hcdfcv,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 28, IBIS.
 We, the, undersigned, purchased oae of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we hare this Spring
 made porrfaaae of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pr pored by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bash, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 Aft dr these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des.
 criptiou of*the implement, with its various modes of
 aprmtidh. To be fully appreciated, it must he seen
 and used. No fanner who fully understand* his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co,, N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator u manufactured bv
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street- near the Bull's
 Head, Rochester, N. V., where farmers are invited
 o call and examine for themselves.
OWEN MORRIS’ CITY'BINDERY
 UNDER THE MUSEUM —late KISHER MORRIS..
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven years, and during that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, for the best
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics’ Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals hound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used,
 to render them equal to (lie best in the United States
 or tliose imported.
 Ladies' Scrap and Guard Books, Albums and
 Portfolios, in all tbeir varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, 4cc., may be
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upou their being well bounc
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor Ims spared no expense ir
 fitting up tlte establishment, and introducing int&lt;
 Western New York die latest improvements it
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 I City Bindery, under the Museum.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review', The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a Ix autiful dear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three groat parties
 in England—Tory Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood'* and the 44 London Quarterly" are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review" Whig; and the 44 Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. Tne “North British Re
 view" is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (ip scrscribed for early.)
 For aay one of the four Reviews, $8 00 per annum.
 For any two do 500 44
 For any three do 7 00 44
 For all'four of the Reviews, 8 00 44
 For Blackwood's Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00 44
 For Blackwood the 4 Review s, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers wo pay so large a consideration, that
 w e may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. 'Therefore we repeat 44 subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communication* should he always i
 addressed, post-paid or franked, In the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k VO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phib- f
 Alpha. Chartered in 183$—Charter Perpetual;— j
 Capital, 8300,000 —Benjutuin W. Richard*, Pre*i
 drnt. Continues to make insurance on lire*, grant
 nunwßie* aad endowments, aad accept iniU from in- j
 diridual&lt;&gt;, corporate bodies, and courts of justice, I
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par-
 ties, aad receive deposits of money hi trad or on I
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of January'
 hut, aa addition was load to ail the policies for life, j
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 aasouutiag to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837; 7| par cent, on policies i
 issued in 1838, sod in rateable proportion* according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an im—anee for life in to pro
 vide a sum of shocy at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friend* or
 creditors; aad it wiU be sues ou examination of the J
 table of rates of the life iasmaare. which will be
 furnished by the sahacribcr to all who nmy feel an f
 intonst in the subject, that hr paying a small adkn to
 the ofece every year duriag Us life, a person may se-;
 ctaeto hi* family a very considerable amount at his 1

 y herever the system of Life lasansrs is properly
 understood, it is extensively adopted, aad its great
 he ators especially *o thane whs
 depend they own exert ions far the sgppnrt af their
 tey be dnio— to secure the pay
 ns—t sf a sum of mousy to their friends, creditors or
 dnidnm, s* their deep*—whwh they mi*l be oth
 erwise suable to accomplish, that theoperati—ofthe
 syteem needs hat to be explained to ensure the seri
 ous coustderauaq of the public.
 Is several instances it has happened that the party
 insured has dfed *ertW afterhUiagpmd saly-s
 «r two mstalmrats ofthe premium, when km family
 hare received from this office the fell amomtf far
 which he had friim i t
 itas
 SB-loftbuGin-dLife ZmZZcZ^ZT^
 _ WILLIAM BAEkWELL,
 Has i sdTi Lew BuBdiagv,_
 Grant street, Pittsburgh,
 W" H T-W.m BrmA
 *&amp;star—*“i
PROSPECTUS
 Afttrka* rfemritglet!
 0. 5. FOWLER, EDITOR.
 TO rsfaoai and psrfart uurarhre* and on* race, u
 i A tho mart exalted of all works. Yet, to do this we
 1 mast meter stand the Human Const itut ion. This
 Phrenology Phyaiefogj and Vital Magnetism ta
 braee.aad eeare expound all the laws of oar being,
 conditions of happiness, Hal r*«OStilUte the philneu
 pher's some of Cmooruol Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each worn her nil contain either the analysts awl
 location of soasc phrenological faculty, illustrated by
 1 an Engraving, or hi artical oti their cosabiaatiods:
 j awl aba the uqpnusatK** and character of soar dis
 tinguished personage, accompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 I Health Lift, The great instrument of latent tar
 tan and happiness, all of which it augments. To its
 perservationwnd rastoration, special attention will be
 t given.
 magnetism.
 With pmctial instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice troths which it unfolds, will be presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 ‘The blessings they enjoy, the influence they can j
 wield, and their preparation for conducting oar insti- i
 unions, wilt form the theme of a series of articles.
 j self-improvement.
 Who does not long oarnestly, and would ant strive
 amidooosly, to cultivate his natural powers, and
 te*be himself better and more happy 1 To each,
 1 each number will bo a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letters aad orders roast be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 181 Nassau St.,New York
ILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer ia Fashionable,
 v Boot* and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
NORTHAMPTONJYATER CURE.
 Electricity aad Hydropathy.
 THE puhlic are respectfully informed, that since
 die philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the] scientific
 experiment* of Mr. Heminer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanations
 from the culicular surface, indicate liealth, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles &gt;r natural laws, a knowledge nl
 which is essential to the mfe and intelligent practice
 of the I testing art, will cease llieir vociferations
 against the rosrrivr. electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of tlieir complaint*,
 from seeking nature's remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by tlte light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted he re
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases wliere tin
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are iu tlte electro-negativi
 condition, the patient is beyond tlte power of watei
 to afford relief. Ou the other hand, w heu thr part
 of the body allotted to, are in the elcctro-posrtivi
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hojx
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ pi act in
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by w hich the undersigned i;
 1 governed, in delating tlte symptoms and charade
 j i of disease, ami practising tlie cure, the recent scien
 I tific demonstration of their correctness, by I'rofesso
 I Means and Mr. Hcmiuer, could not fail to convinr
 the most incredulous.
 1 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous!
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 1 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitml
 evinced by tliose whom lie has had the pleasure ti
 relieve of tlieir complaints, the undersigned wil
 assiduously endeavor to sustain tlte credit, and nieri
 drat gratitude, in the ease of every invalid who lira
 afford him au opportunity to effect a cure, by hi
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Benxouville, ou the west bank of Lit-kin;
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mile:
 from the -centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well vcntil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodgirfjj rooms, am
 a variety of hatlis, supplied with water, which, foi
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, tc
 allow 'water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles' without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic‘rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 to
 88 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first and second
 floors, $8 60 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLFS.
 Northampton, March 18-18.
 N.B. Visitors to die Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal aad healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by the activitv of dJ
 generating sourere' witfain-nn e^eesag^2 ieT
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so mat
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemroer of
 England, apod the uncovered skni," 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid npon the surface, we believe to he indfo
 pensablc to the healthful condition of the wllole
 animal economy, aad drat a heu, from any cause is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues
 Geoadd res h, delivered before the Medical College of,
 of session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, ami Professor of Physical
 Science m Emory Caiege, Go., ;«gc 2&amp;
ATHOL WATER CIRE.
 rE Subscriber begs leave to call de eftentioa
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic esuUisluueui in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house ans opened fee the «w*piioo of patieau
 last season, and it a believed offers excellent facili
 ties for aphilosophic aad thorough roar** in hvdro I
 pathy. The supply sf water is abundant, wad in*
 P?n&lt;| Iteonoqaced equal to water on si
 distilled. The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V, fa M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and fa«|
 charming grounds foe walks and rambles. Ho that'
 with the water, suiteUt regimen, mountain air, aad
 ou» senreely fail to obtain the
 heahhfol results for which they labor.
 The Wh-mg—sailhmtrasss this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Den. 8., of Warwick, Mas... aged
 about th.m-five year,, was brough( to me last
 "P ptesi atad the following pheno
 J»*Hioa, aad left— j
 ••PP o l *■**forthwith fetflnchward to the
 "f "PPortcd, .he made a*. I
 te waM, etther foot. who. owned forward,*
 herefiovt* u» the contrary, would cross the j
 nther. She had U- i. Ud, i-dkin« mach-
 j*- Her traniUKa* comm—aed the Mkh of Bep(., j
 and was commaedto the 29th Oct. only, wheadw
 left, sofer recovered as to be able to walk half a 1
 2? cTiSIS' J}*TZZi? "T* to W 1
 ■ns r ran taut nl hr was, with conespuudtag an- i
 provesseut to her health. Bhe tmwattrodsto her
 femsatiß datees, and with the aaaisteuce of a small
 ■■Ldoes the work of her femily,
 mnrked| rith f tlf taiTfer

 AthalJM&amp;wh, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 Cwnictkiii

POVERTY:
 IT* ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 »Y LY94WDER SFOOXKC.
 Th* A Rosy Patriot rads it-s* A newt pamphlet o
 PMP" remarkable nrodiution.”—
 nether all ihe aotk ipatioas of Mr. Spooner
 wnuM he realised by rfc. fan adoption of his theory,
 we do mt here to enquire; hot we heartily com
 mend his eodeuvnr to the notice of all who feme a
 transparent fawn Mr dW-tiati—intrepid lodepen fence
 j thought—-and cm ire free*torn from the coat
 of sect or pnriy. As;* jtdsuil writer, hr has a depth,
 1 compass, far ht-yonrf any one whose productions
 have met oar eye m a fang time."
 Hunt'.- Merchant's Magazine saye —“It abounds
 —d *riffi«d thoughts. Tlie ilfegal causes of
 i poverty are stated, and a number of important propo
 (ition* bearing ou tin subject laid down; and,on the
 l whole, we consider it a noth well worth studying-*
 affording as it does many valuable hints lo the states
 man ami political economist."
 The Bangor Gazette says—“ An able iltd certain
 h original work, from the pen of Lmndev Spooner,
 Esq.—author of that powerful hook which rltmou
 •trate* the unconM i lot &gt;na lily of American Slavery.
 There is no writer of the age, of fogiea I acumen mote
 searching than Spooner.,’ This new work it des
 tined to lead to a rr examination of all former sys
 tems of political erooomv." At first Mu*h his eco-
 aomical propositions strike at as sustainable—and if
 I hi® work will prevail, and produca an
 jmponant revoiminn in the present prevaiKng sys-
 V Every one should read it.”
 p 1 D MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 C. nts.
Harrs Itgeiabit- Lxiraci
 Is the only remedy that can be relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nervons or Sick IkWacke
 Nervous Tremor-r, Neuralgic Afimfons, Geoeia
 Debility. Deficiency of Nervous ami Physical Et*er
 gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including tlte uwwi
 dreadful of all diseases that affect the huiirau rare—
 Epilepsy, or Falling Suitress. —iGstrrical Fit-.
 Convulsions, Spswum, Ac It is well known, that
 from time immemorial, Physicians have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable, 'ft ha* baffled all tlieir
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands nave suffered through a mis
 erable existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
 i the Altar of Insanity. —Tlte proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, houevrr, feel* no delicacy in saying
 that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respeet
 folk invite physieian?, and all others who are inter
 fo examine the testimony which is lie re r-fered.
 If it is deception, lei i* be exposed but if it is
 j true, then in the name ol humanity, no longer let it
 i he said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Hiatt's Vrgrtalfr Extract. —For sixteen years,
 lias been tested bv many persons who have suffered
 j with this dreadful disease, and in every case where
 it lias hail a fair trial, lias effected a permanent
 i cure.
 f'ol. Densfow of Yonkers, New Ymk, states that
 his daughter lias been afflicted with Kits for more
 I than nine rears, and has hren cured bv the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mr-. J. Bradey, llfl Orchard street. New York,
 i stales that she luis lieen subject to Kits for many
 j years, and Iras been rcstinnl to ;&gt;erlect health (after
 every other means had failed) bv tlie nee of the
 V cgetahle F.xirnrt.
 I Jr. Charles A. Brow n, of Dover, Russell co.,
 i Alalia mu, who is one of tlie lies! I’hysicsans in the
 says that lie has Is-en mix h Is ncffilrd bv the
 use of tin; Vegetable Extract, and that lie unbesitat
 "‘b,|&gt; Prescribes it iu every case of Epilepsy which
 I comes Tinder his knowledge.
 'j Curtis G. Mavberry, Esq., formerly I'ostmasler
 i &lt;il I.Hue Milta, i rawl«*n! I'u,, now li\idb 411
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for mhnv y-ars east lie
 I has been sorek afflicted with Fits, ‘and he is now
 i happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hail's
 i Vegetable Fix tract, has restored him to sound health,
 I h»‘ing entirely freed froin tlsat worst of all diseases.
 r Judge Kam all, N. loti Hentv street, New York
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in*
 r his family, highly recommends it to ail tiersous who
 e j arc afflicted with Fits.
 Stephen E. Pi-alt,-corner of Sixth Avenue
 r I and twenty-Sixth street, New York, states thu:
 i Mr. Chas, 11. Bougliton, a memlier of his family has
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that lie was obliged to relinquish his
 I i-business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Lx
 l tract (says Mr. l'ratt,) he was sooq restored to
 i j perfect health, and left this ritv for the State ot
 i Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St.. Peters Church,
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 1 w uli Epileptic I- its for more than forty years, stales
 i that he Vlas used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that he hopes
 by Divine blessing, to liave no more Fils.
 Npleptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 metlicine.
 l^e n g remarkable case of the sou of
 TV m. Secrne, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six month-.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his sen fo tin's country in November last,, with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.—l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for fnefficine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to En
 rope with hirn which I did. I first visited England
 I consulted die most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. 1 remained there three months
 without perceiving any change for the belter, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pocH
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was tneir opinion that mv son case wras bonelria
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I aceoEK
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and Franca, and returned home in the mouth of
 November last, w ith my son as far from being cured
 as when 1 lelt, I saw your advertisement in on* of
 the New ork papet s, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statement* and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
 wiry I did so, as by (lie use of Hart's Vegetable
 I wa r ore l to PERFECT
 iiEALTH* Hi# rpswm, which wat 90 far tom 11 to
 unfit him for bittiness it entirely rettored, witli U*
 prospect now liefore him of lile, health and useful
 ness. He IS now 28 rears of age, and 27 tear*
 mentis of this nine has been afflicted wuh this
 i most dreadful of disease*, but tlrauk God is now
 enjoying good liealth.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall he ever grateful to you ia one
 thing, and as I here enclose &gt;ou one hundred dot***
 I have no doubt but you will think this ~trtkir and
 quite a different tiling. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept this amount a* interest
 on the debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectliulv,
 (signed) WILLIAM SF-CORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 Iu reference to the almost miraculous
 this truly wonderful metlicine, read the
 Ur. M l. a*.,
 one of tin- moM eminent physiefau* in ,j m
 pi it Ohio, August 17, 1846
 Brotlier fafairer w the cause nTL—, ni i.
 ,f: w h '*”«»all degree of ,£^l
 am enable.l to to you the nK33?tri»ph
 of your invaluable luedkiae in case, of Fo.lewil l
 four fa thLriSfa*/
 The rsmui.
 swd Will, 1
 tluuk w Ithow &lt;Toufa recover. I ant not in the habu
 ofprerevi** or rereormuoding
 c ,T~ U artkk- wb«i» prutuireesv much
 lor Ihe relief of suffering humanity, feel uv duty
 U» reemmnerul it, and I have mo besitatiin in
 mg that as wom as the faewhy are fully i~t[uiisicil
 with lias real merit your medicine, they wi||
 ehme their eye* against 'prejudice ami lend vo*
 iiehimg hand.
 MMorrib** rnvwlf yours, »iiw:errly,
 [Higaod) W. I- MONROE, M. D.
 To Dr. H. Hart, New Vork.
 THE TIME tB yn FAR DIRT ANT
 hen thoMNutd* who are now Trail hs«‘
 the baud of this dreadful dmease, a«I famw
 every attack may pr**ve fatal,
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CF RTI Fir i-piu
 Have been received in

 s^ r r^&amp;^ HA,rr ■■hvu»-v-i.
 fc ‘ZJZh.y, **B
 THOSAH c»
 ST; G fa-
 H. D. M adc. M»m a g. p
 S’ 2*s^’
"
