"Pottra.
IF I WERE A VOICE.
 If I were a voice, ft peri—ive voice,
 Thu could travel the wide world through,
 1 would fly on the he— of the moraiug light,
 And apeak to wen with fewth* might,
 And tell them to be true.
 1 would fly, I would fly, «wr bad and aee,
 Wberevec a human heart might be,
 Telling a tale or cingiag a aoag,
 In pratae of the right, in blame of the wrong.
 If I were a voice, a consoling voice,
 IM fly oa the w'inga of air;'
 The home* of sorrow and guilt I'd seek,
 And calm and truthful words I’d speak,
 To save them bom despair.
 I would fly, 1 would fly, o'er the guarded town,
 And drop, like the beautiful sunhgbt, down
 Into the hearts of suffering men.
 And teach them to look up again.
 If I were a voice, a convincing voice,
 I’d travel ith the wind.
 And whenever I anw the nation torn
 Bv warfare, jealousy, spite or scorn,
 Or hatred of their kind,
 I would fly, I would fly, on the thunder crash.
 And into their Minded bosom flash;
 And, alHheir evil thoughts subdued,
 l*d teach them Christian brotherhood.
 If I were a voice, an immortal voire,
 I’d seek the king* of the earth:
 I’d find them alone on their beds at night,
 And whisper words that should guide them rig.it,
 Lesson* of worth.
 I would fly more swift titan the swiftest Ihrd,
 And tell them things they never heard
 Truths which the age* for aye repeat,
 Unknown to the courtier* at their felt.
 If I were a voice, an immortal voice,
 I’d speak in the people’s e*r;
 And whenever they shoaled Liberty,”
 Without deserving to Is* free,
 I’d make their error clear.
 I would fly on the wings of day,
 Reltuking wrong on my world-wide way,
 And making all the earth rejoice—
 If I were a voice—an immortal voice.
 From Sartain’s Union Magazine.
 DUALITY.
 BV GEORGE BI'RI.EIGH.
 ('aim, two-handed, self-possessed,
 In their vital centre,
 Being’s forces work or rest,
 And to all things enter;
 Light and shadow, worst and best,
 Wed their mutual interest,
 And throughout creation stand
 On their Parent’s either hand.
 Into nature flows a power,
 Outward flows a beauty;
 Things whose life is hut an hour,
 Yet fulfil their duly,
 Taking in their little dower,
 Cold or lieat, sunlight or shower,
 And returning to I toon Nature,
 Aptitude of work or feature.
 Life is dual, but the goods
 Come not paired togetlier—
 Twins, but differing iu moods,
 Hears the great World-Mother;
 Alternating neighborhoods,
 Ebb and flow of being’• floods;
 Hope, that (tears its shadow, Fear;
 Life, whose Bridegroom Death, is near;
 Daylight with Iter locks of yellow',
 Wedding the dun gloaming—
 Desdemona and Othello
 Into nature coining;
 Brow-knit doubt, whose sweet yoke-felbw
 Faith is; Discord with his mellow-
 Tbroated consort, Music, blend;
 Bo through all things without end.
 Good and ill in mystic bands,
 Fact and hollow seeming,
 Walk together with linked hands,
 Loosing and redeeming;
 Feeding ruin’s desert sands
 From tlie weal h of greenest lands,
 And returning crowned from thence
 With a new magnificence.
 Nature’s law is, Give and take,
 I sing, never keeping;
 landing for the boriower’s sake!
 Sowing without reaping;
 Leaves tlie dew’a pavilion make,
 Dews Use flower’s Uiirsting slake,
 Flowers give odor to the air,
 Air divides it everywhere.
 All have some good, nothing all—
 Having’s taxed of Heaven,
 Swift is slender, keen is small,
 Kind is overdriven;
 Purest cates are sure to pall,
 Greenest summer has its fall,
 Storm* are eloquent but fearful,
 is deep, but rarely cheerful.
 Everything is at some time,
 Nothing always, sweetest,
 The innst precious in their prime,
 To their end are fleetest;
 Plague devours tlie sunniest clime,
 Terror glooms with tlie sublime,
 Day’s fire fadetli to night’s embers—
 et in stars its life remembers:
 Through and through die woof of ill
 Run tlie threads of goodness:
 W inds lliat shake the winged mill,
 Feed us with their rudeness;
 I rosts, that «lo the blossoms kill,
 Ope tlie nut-burs on tlie hill;
 Griefs that settled heart-swards tear,
 Fit for greener blessings there!
 And the like iunalive check
 With Uie good abidetli,
 Soundest rind without a spec,
 A diseased core liideth;
 Calmest seas Live many a wreck,
 Highest lulls tlie dizziest peak,
 (Sweetest lays tin* saddest tale,
 lemierest voice the shrillest wail.
 Honey hives tire armed bee,
 W ealth tin* secret rohber;
 I atlier of Die wildest g lee,
 1* tire sadilest soMier;
 Tlu ughts of grandest prophecy
 Verge upon insanity,
 And (lie holiest joy we kuoy—
 Love itself ,s kin to woe.
 Hop-left* fear, ami fearless hope,
 See not nature truly;
 Dual, from the lowest up,
 All her work* rise doK
 And ti«e wise their spirit', ope
 So to Being’s sense and scope,
 They can smile at grief and weep
 At their joy*, so calm and deep.
 Ti* a little thing
 To give cup of water yet its draught
 Of cool refreshment, drained by fevered bps,
 May five a shock of pleasure to the frame
 Move exquisite than when nectarean juke
 Renews the life of joy in happiest hours.
 It is a little thing to speak a pbra e
 Of common comfort, which bjr daily use
 Has almost lost it* sense; yet on tie err
 Of him who thought to die —aed, ’twill fell
 Like choicest music, fill the flexing eye
 W ith gentle tears; relax the knotted hand
 To know the bond of fellowship again;
 Aad shed on the departing soul a sense
 Move precious than the parting beat— of friMdft
 About the honored death-bed of the rich.
 To him who else were loaely, that aaother
 Of the great family u near aad feels.
Selections.
THE DEATH OF KING CHAHLBI
 THE SECOND.
 BT THOMAS BABIKQTOX MACAULAY.
 The death of King Charles the See
 mid took the nation bv surprise. Hit
 frame was naturally strong, and did
 not appear to have suffered from excess.
 He htd always been mindful of has
 health even in his pleasures; sod hti
 habits were such as to promise a long
 I life and a robust old age. Indolent aa
 he was on all occasions which required
 tension of the mind, he was active and
 persevering in bodily exercise. He had
 when young,been renowned as a tennis
 player, and was, even in the decline ol
 life, an indefatigable walker. His or
 dinary pace was such that those who
 were admitted to the honor of his soci
 ety found it difficult to keep up witb
 him. He rose early, and generally
 passed three or four hours a day in the
 open air. He might be seen, before
 the dew was off the grass, in St. James’s
 Park, striding among the trees, play
 ing with his favorite spaniels, and fling
 ing corn to his ducks; and these exhi
 bitions endeared him to the common
 people, who always love to see the
 great unbend.
 At length towards the close of the
 year 1684, he was prevented, by a
 slight attack of what was supposed to
 be the gout, from rambling as usual.
 He now spent his mornings in his lab
 oratory, where he amused himself with
 experiments on the properties of mer
 cury. His temper seemed to have suf
 fered from confinement. He had no
 apparent cause for disquiet. His king
 dom was tranquil; he was not in pre-s
 -ing want o£ money; his power was
 greater than it had ever been; the par
 ty which had so long thwarted him had
 been beaten down; but the cheerful
 ness which had supported him against
 adverse fortune had vanished in this
 season of prosperity.

 His palace had seldom presented a
 gayer or a more scandalous appear
 ance than on the evening of Feb. Ist,
 1685. Some grave persons who had
 gone thither, after the fashion of that
 age,to pay their duty to their sovereign,
 and who had expected that, on such a
 day his court would wear a decent as
 pect, were struck with astonishment
 and horror. The great gallery of
 Whitehall, an admirable relic of the
 magnificence of the Tudors, was crow
 ded with revellers and gamblers. The
 King sat there chatting and toying with
 three women, whose charms were the
 boast, and whose vices were the dis
 graces of three nations. Barbara Pal
 mer, Duchess of Cleveland, was there,
 no longer young, but still retaining
 some traces of that superb and volup
 tuous beauty which twenty years be
 fore overcame the hearts of all men.
 There, too, was the Duchess of Ports
 mouth, whose soft and infantine fea
 tures were lighted up with the vivacity
 of France. Hortensia Mancini, Duch
 ess of Mazarin, and niece of the great
 Cardinal, completed the group. She
 had been early removed from her na
 tive Italy to the court where her uncle
 was supreme.* His power and her own
 attractions had drawn a crowd of illus
 trious suitors around her. Charles
 himself, during his exile, had sought
 her hand in vain. No gift of nature o
 fortune seemed wanting to her. Her
 face was beautiful with the rich beauty
 of the south, her understanding quick,
 her manners graceful, her rank ex
 alted, her possessions immense; but her
 ungovernable passions had turned all
 these blessings into curses. She had
 found the misery of an ill- assorted mar
 riage intolerable, had fled from her
 husband, had abandoned her vast
 wealth, and, after having astonished
 Rome and Piedmont by her adven
 tures, had fixed her abode in England.
 Her house was the favorite resort of
 men of wit and pleasure, who, for the
 sake of her smiles and her table, en
 dured her frequent fits of insolence and
 ill humor. Rochester and Godolphin
 sometimes forgot the cares of State in
 her company. Barillon and Saint Ev
 remond found in her drawing-room
 consolation for their long banishment
 from Paris. The learning ofVossius,
 the wit of Waller, were daily employed
 to flatter and amuse her. But her
 diseased mind required stronger stimu
 lants, and sought them in gallantry, in
 basset, and in usquebaugh. While
 Charles flirted with his three sultanas,
 Hortensia’s French page, a handsome
 boy, whose vocal performaces were
 the delight of Whitehall, and were re
 warded by numerous presents of rich
 clothes, ponies, and guineas, warbled
 some amorous verses. A party ol
 twenty courtiers were seated at cards
 round a large table on which gold was
 heaped in mountains. Even then the
 King had complained that he did not
 feel quite welL He had no appetite
 for his supper: his rest that night was
 broken; but on the following morning
 he rose as usual, early.

 Scarcely had Charles risen from his
 bed when his attendants perceived that
 his utterance was indistinct, and that
 his thoughts seemed to be wandering.
 Several men of rank had, as usual, as
 sembled to see their sovereign shaved
 and dressed. He made an effort to
 converse with them in his usual gay
 stile; but his ghastly looks surprised
 and alarmed them. Soon his face
 grew black; his eyes turned in his
 j head; he uttered a cry, staggered, and
 fell into the arms of Thomas Lord
 Bruce, eldest son of the Earl of Ailcs
 bury. A physician who bad charge of
 the royal retorts and crucibles happen
 ed to be present. He had no lancet;
 but he opened a vein with a penknife
 The blood flowed freely; but the King
 was still insensible.
 He was laid on his bed, where, du
 ring a short time, the Duchess of Ports
 mouth hung over him with the famil
 iarity of a wife. But the alarm had
 been given. The Queen and the Duch
 ess of Vark were hastening to the room.
 The favorite concubine was forced to
 retire to her own apartments. Those
 apartments had been thrice pulled down
 and thrice rebuilt by her lover to grat
 ify her caprice. Tlie very furniture of
 the chimney was massy silver. Several
 fine paintings, which properly belonged
 to the Queen, bad been transferred to
 the dwelling of the mistress. The side
bauds were piled with richly wrought
 plete.. Id the niches stood cabinets, the
 master-pieces of Japanese art.
The Queen was for a time assiduous
 in ber attendance. The Duke of York!
 scarcely left his brother's bedside. The
 primate and four other bishops were!
 then in London. They remained at
 Whitehall all day, and took it by turns
 to sit up all night in the King’s room.
 The news of his illness filled the capital
 with sorrow and dismay. For his easy
 temper and affable manners had won
 the affection of a large part of the na
 tion and those who most disliked him
 preferred his unprincipled levity to the
 stern and earnest bigotry of his
 brother.
 On the morning of Thursday, the
 fifth of February, the London Gazette
 announced that his majesty was going
 on well, and was thought by the phy
 sicians to be out of danger. The bells
 of all the churches rang merrily and
 preparations for bonfires were made in
 the streets. But in the evening it was
 known that a relapse had taken place,
 and that the medical attendants had
 given up all hope. The public mind
 was greatly disturbed; but there was
 no disposition to tumult.—The Duke of
 York, who had already taken on himself
 to give orders, ascertained that the
 city was perfectly quiet, and that he
 might, without difficulty, be proclaimed
 as soon ss his brother should expire.
 The King was in great pain, and
 complained that he felt as if a fire was
 burning within him.—Yet he bore tip
 against his sufferings with a fortitude
 which did not seem to belong to his soft
 and luxurious nature. The sight of
 his misery affected his wife so much
 that she fainted, and was carried sense
 less to her chamber. The prelates who
 were in waiting had from the first ex
 horted him to prepare for his end. They
 now thought it their duty to address
 him in a still more urgent manner.
 William Sancroft, archbishoy of Can
 terbury, an honest and pious, though
 narrow-minded man, used great free
 dom. It is time,” he said, “to speak
 out; for, sir, you are about to appear,
 before a Judge who is no respecter of
 persons.”—The King answered not a
 word.
 Thomas Ken,t bishop of Bath and
 Wells, then tried his powers of per
 suasion. He was a man of parts and
 learning, of quick sensibility and stain
 less virtue. His elaborate works have
 long been forgotten; but his morning
 and evening hymns are still repeated
 daily in thousands of dwellings.
 Though, like most of his order, zeal
 ous for monarchy, he was nosycophant.
 Before he became a bishop, he had
 maintained the honor of his gown by
 refusing, when the court was at Win
 chester, to let Eleanor Gwyn lodge in
 the house which he occupied there as a
 prebendary. The King had sense
 enough to respect so manly a spirit. Of
 all the prelates, he liked Kent the best.
 It lyas to no purpose, however, that the
 good bishop now put forth all his elo
 quence. His solemn and pathetic ex
 hortation awed and melted the bystand
 ers to such a degree that some among
 them believed him to be filled with the
 same spirit which, in the old time, had,
 by the mouths of Nathan and Elias,
 called sinful princes to repentance.
 Charles, however, was unmoved. He
 made no objection, indeed, when the
 service for the Visitation of the Sick
 1 was read. In reply to the pressing
 questions of the divines, he said that he
 was sorry for what he had done amiss;
 and he suffered the absolution to be
 pronounced over him, according to the
 forms of the Church of England; but
 when he was urged to declare that he
 died in the communion of that church,
 he seemed not to hear wliat was} said,
 and nothing couhj. induce him to take
 the Eucharist from the hands of the
 bishops. A table with bread and wine
 was brought to his bedside, but in vain.
 Sometimes he said that there was no
 hurry, and sometimes that he was too
 weak.
 Many attributed this apathy to con
 tempt for divine things, and many to
 the stupor which often precedes death.
 But there were in the palace a few per
 sons who knew better. Charles had
 never been a sincere member of the
 established church. His mind had long
 oscillated between Hobbism and Pope
 ry. When his health was good, and
 his spirits high, he was a scoffer. In
 his few serious moments he was a
 Roman Catholic. The Duke of York
 was aware of this, but was entirely oc
 cupied with the care of his own interests.
 He had ordered the outports to be
 closed. He had posted detachments
 of the guards in different parts of the
 city. He had also procured the feeble
 signature of the dying King to an in
 strument by which some duties, granted
 only till the demise of the crown, were
 let to farm for a term of three years.
 These things occupied the attention o
 James to such a degree that, though
 on ordinary occasions he was indis
 creetly and unseasonably eager to bring
 over proselytes to his church, he never
 reflected that his brother was in danger
 of dying without the last sacraments.
 This neglect was the more extraordin
 ary because the Duchess of York had,
 at the request of the Queen, suggested,
 on the morning on which the King was
 taken ill, the propriety of procuring
 spiritual assistance. For such assis
 tance Charles was at last indebted to
 an agency very different from that of
 his pious wife and sister-in-law. A
 life'of frivolity and vice had not ex
 tinguished in the Duchess of Ports
 mouth all sentiments of religion, or all
 that kindness which is the glory of her
 sex. The French ambassador, Baril
 lon, who had come to the palace to in
 quire after the King, paid her a visit.
 He found her in an agony of sorrow.
 She took him into a secret room,
 poured out her whole heart to him. 1
 have,” ahe said, a thing of great
 moment to tell you. If it were known,
 my bead would be in danger. The
 Kmc Kreaiiy and truly a Catholic;
 but he will die without being reconciled
 to the church. His bed-chamber is
 full of protest ant clergymen. I
 enter without giving scandal. The
 duke is thinking only of himself. Speak
 to him. Remind him that there is a
 soul at rtake. He is master now. He
 can clear tbs room. Gothis instant or
 k will be too late.”
 ,Berilkm hastened to the bed-cham
 ber, took the dake amde, and delivered
the message of the mistress. The con
 science of Junes smote kj«* H
 started u if roused from deep, and
 declared that iMHtif should prevent
 him from discharging the sacred
 which had been too lotf delayed.—
 Several schemes were discussed and
 rejected. At last the duke commanded
 the crowd to stand aloof, went to the
 bed, stooped down, and wispered some*
 thing which none of the spectators
 could hear, hut which they supposed to
 be some question about affairs of State.
 Charles answered in an audible voice,
 Yes, yes, with all my heart.” None
 of the bystanders, except the French
 ambassador, guessed that the King was
 declaring t&gt;if wish to be admitted into
 the bosom of the Church of Rome.
 f Shall I bring a priest?” said the
 duke. “Do, brother,” replied the
 sick man. “For God’s sake do, and
 lose no time. But no; you will get
 into trouble.” “If it costs me my
 life,” said the duke, I will fetch a
 priest.”
 To find a priest, however, for such
 a purpose, at a moment’s notice, was
 not easy. For, as the law then stood,
 the person who admitted a proselyte
 into the Roman Catholic Church was
 guilty of a capital crime. The Count
 of Castel Melhor, a Portugese noble
 man, who, driven by political troubles
 from his native land, had been hospit
 ably received at the English court,
 undertook to procure a confessor. He
 had recourse to his country-men who
 belonged to the Queen’s household,
 but he found that none of her chaplains
 knew English or French enough to
 shrive the King. The duke and Baril
 lon were about to send to the Venetian
 minister for a clergyman, when they
 heard that a Benedictine monk, named
 John Huddleston, happened to be at
 Whitehall. This man had, with great
 risk, to himself, saved the King’s life
 after the battle of Worcester, and had,
 i on that account, been, ever since the
 Restoration, a privileged person. In
 1 the sharpest proclamations which were
 1 put forth against popish priests, when
 false witnesses had inflamed the nation
 to fury, Huddleston had been excepted
 by name. He readily consented to put
 his life a second time in peril for his
 pnnee; but there was still a difficulty.
 The honest monk was so illiterate that
 he did not know what he ought to say
 on an occasion of such importance. He
 however obtained some hints, through
 the intervention of Castel Melhor, from
 a Portuguese ecclesiastic; and, thus
 instructed, was brought up the bach
 stairs by Chiflinch, a confidential ser
 vant—who, if the satires of that age
 are to be credited, had often introduced
 visitors of a very different descriptor
 by the same entrance. The duke then
 in the King’s name, commanded al
 who were present to quit the room ex
 cept Lewis Duras, Earl of Feversham
 and John Granville, Earl of Bath
 Both these lords professed the Protes
 tant religion; but James conceived tha
 he could count on their fidelity. Fever
 sham, a Frenchman of noble birth
 and nephew of the great Turcnne, helc
 high rank in the English army, an&lt;
 was chamberlain to the Queen. Bati
 was groom of the stole.
 The duke’s orders were obeyed, an&lt;
 even the physicians withdraw. The
 back door was then opened, and Fath
 er Huddleston entered. A cloak ha&lt;
 been thrown over his sacred vestments
 and his shaven crown was conceale&lt;
 by a flowing wig. “Sir,” said tin
 duke, this good man once saved youi
 life. He now comes to save your soul.
 Charles faintly answered, “He is
 welcome.” Huddleston went througl
 his part better than had been expected
 He knelt by the bed, and listened t&lt;
 the confession, Pronounced the abso
 lution, and administered extreme unc
 tion. He asked if the King wished t(
 receive the Lord’s supper. Surely,’
 said Charles, “if I am not unworthy.’
 The host was brought in. Charles
 feebly strove to rise and kneel before it
 The priest bade him lie still, and as
 sured him that God would accept th&lt;
 humiliation of the soul, and would noi
 require the humiliation of the body
 The King found so much difficulty in
 swallowing the bread, that it was ne
 cessary to open the door and to procure
 a glass of water. The rite ended, the
 monk held up a crucifix before the
 penitent, charged him to fix his lasi
 thoughts upon the sufferings of the Re
 deemer, and withdrew. The whole
 ceremony had occupied about three
 quarters of an hour; and during thal
 time, the courtiers who filled the outei
 room had communicated their suspici
 ons to each other by whispers and sig
 nificant glances. The door was a!
 length thrown open, and the crowd
 again filled the chamber of death.
 It was now late in the evening. The
 King seemed much relieved by whal
 had passed. His natural children were
 brought to his bedside, the dukes ol
 Grafton, Southampton, and North
 umberland, sons of the Duchess ol
 Cleveland, the Duke of St. Alban’s
 son of Eleanor Gwynn, and the Duke
 of Richmond, son of Duchess ol
 Portsmouth. Charles blessed all, but
 spoke with peculiar tenderness to Rich
 mond. One face which should have
 been there was wanting. The eldest
 and best beloved child was an exile
 and a wanderer. His name was not
 once mentioned by his father.
 During the night Charles earnestly
 recommended the Duchess of Ports
 mouth and her boy to the care ol
 James; And do not,” be goodnatu red
 ly added, let poor Nelly starve.” The
 Queen sent excuses for her absence by
 Halifax. She said that she was too
 much disordered to resume her post by
 the couch, and implored pardon for
 any offence which she might unwitting
 ly have given. She ask my pardon,
 poor woman!” cried Charles; I ask
 ners with all my heart”
 The morning light began to peep
 through the windows of Whitehall; and
 Charles desired the attendants to pull
 aside the curtsias, that be might have
 one more look at the day.
Soon after dawn ike speech of the
 dying man failed. Before tea his senses
 were gone. Great numbers bad re
 paired to the churches at the boor of
 rn fog service. Whan the prayer
 for the King was read, load groans and
 •obs showed how deeply his people felt
 for him. At noon on Friday, the 6th
 of February, he passed away without a
 Mraggle.
2V&amp;ocrtiormmto.
teptruat to fumm.
 JDS’S Pmm WM OAlntar and Win Gram
 1 IW. TV Faming Pubfce art hM*hjr«*»"«
 xk*S+-
 nhrfakiinni(«iiMmMt»ilk«»
 strwuan ud af Film CvLTiTmti I
 mi iwnniM to grant as m eutirely nntmiamtm
 the whale system of forming, by fadmsiag the «y*
 aw-WV or hr. Wherever they I*** bw&gt;» "rtn&gt;-
 dueed, they hm mm the decided of
 farmer*, m the following certificates fire* the »tel-
 Bgrat end practical brawn whose name* are
 attached, ahanifawlj dhow:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This an certify that we, the Subscribers, hare
 seen aad need the Patent Wheel Cuhivater, iawwted
 by Nathan Id*, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 V ork, aad befieee it to be, ae a bbor-saring «a
 chiae, oae of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can pot No from tea to fifteen acres
 uwre of wheat ia a year, with the same amoont of
 team labor; he eaa am sow it iA mach better order.
 By it also Canada thistles aad other noxious weeds
 say be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 ttrarted that ft caa be regabted to go any depth, by
 means of screws oa the upper part of the machine,
 rad thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jnst brash the surface. Cpon the whole, we
 think U decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as each we cheerfully recommend it
 to oar brother formers.
 James H. Hedley, James Ide
 Enas Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hanes Hedlev,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23,1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivator? last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 ■miU purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two bones, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bosh, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be folly appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who folly understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is au invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Sbelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE'S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Boll’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 and examine for themselves.
OWEN MORRIS’ CITY-BINDERY
 UNDER THF MUSEUM —late FISHER MORRIS.-
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven years, Wild during that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, for the best
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics' Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finislied to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is ahvays paid to the quality of paper used,
 to render them equal to the best in the United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books, ’Albums and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may be
 assured of work being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, may rely upon their being well bound
 on tlie most favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has gpared no expense in
 fitting up die establishment, and introducing into
 Western New York die latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under die Museum.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood’s Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile o( the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; die
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the “Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 hi? death, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the’four Reviews, 83 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments'to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 script ion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any 1
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American!
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to!
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga-,
 zinc. Therefore we repeal subscribe early while.
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and (ommunicalions should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT 8t CO.
 79 Fulton street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1838—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 8300,000—Benjumia W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance oo lives, grant
 annuities and endow nsec is, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and coarts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance lor life, and on the 20iii of January
 last, aa addition was mad to all lha policies for life,
 renaming in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837; 7| per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, end in rateable proportions according
 to'their respective dales.
 'llw chief object of an insurance fur life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will he sees oa examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 finished fay the subscriber to all who may feel an
 interest in dm subject, that by paying a small sum to
 the oface every year dwing his life, a person may se
 em to his filmin' a very considerable amount at his
 decniii
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 understood, k is emteamvely adopted, and its gnat
 advantages to ail, bog mete especially to those who
 depend ua their ewa exertion* for the support of their
 families, or who may be desiriou* to secure the pay
 ment of a sam of mcmey to their friends, creditors or
 mkhea, at their decease, which they might be etb
 mriae unable to accomplish, that the operatic* of the
 •yrtmaaeds hot te ha emplaned to mmure the seri
 es musidrrauoa of the public.
 1* several mutineer k has happened that the party
 mrarad has died shortly after having paid safe eat
 or two instalments the premium, whreThis family
 have received from this ofaee the foil amount for
 whkh he had insured.
 ft* wdnratmiua ea this impnrfal sdbjicl may bt
 epeal of the Girard Life Insuranrr Company.
 WILLIAM BAK EWELL.
 Bakawefl’s Law Baildiags,
 Gram street, Piusbutgfa.
 TOPP,Merchant Tailor, M 8 Bread-!
 •inrki. Hooiry, GlovW, Re
 Afaaajr, Few. 11, itgf.
Aacrtcu FfcrcMtogfeal Jftraal.
 O. I. fowl**, editor.
 r? reform awl perfect rarseto* rad «er nee, is
 the most exalted of si works. Yet, to do this me
 must Understand the Human Constitution. Hus
 Phrerafagy. Physiology aad Thai Magnetism tm
 brace, ana eeuce expound bQ the taws of our being,
 conditions of fomwu, and constitute the philoso
 pher's sfoae of Cermxal Truth.
 FHAENOLOOY
 Each number will contain either the analysis aad
 location of some phrenological faculty, illustrated by
 an Engraving, or n artioal on their cnodnantiode:
 ami also the otgaaiantion aad character of smae dis
 tinguished personage, accompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health Is Life, The great instrument of talent vir
 tae awl happiness, all of which it aagmeats. To its
 preservation aad rastoratioa, special attention a ill be
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With predial instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truth? which it unfolds, will be presented ia
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy, the inf! nr nee they caa
 wield, and their preparation for conducting ow insti
 tutions, will form the thane of a series of articles.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Wbo does not long narnrstly, and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate bis natural powers, ami
 reader himself better and more happy! To such,
 each number will be a prompter aud text-book.
 TERMS—invariably ia advance —ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of thia Journal will be
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
To receive attention, letters aad orders must be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedfoid.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on band a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs.- Parker and
 Davis.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CORE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the| scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, dial
 tbe conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, dial the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a posith
 electrical state and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or tlie
 symptoms aad character of disease—lliere is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a .know ledge ot
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the positive iuctrical state of the
 human body, and will liesitate to dissuade tliose
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by die light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, tliat, in all cases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, wlien the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not die results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of tlie safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 of disease, and practising die cure, the recent scien-
 I tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any otbef esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, levers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselvea with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankest, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 to
 98 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient wlio from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay 98 AO p*“r week—on the first and second
 floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from tbe
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of tbe Conn.
 River Railroad at -Springfield. Carriages will
 j always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 Tlie human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 tbe presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of (be fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indf*
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 isSreia, at the opening c f its annual session, Nov.
 ky Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science m Emory College, Ga„ page 25
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is helieved offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, awl is
 P*»»«y k** been pronounced cjual to water oa a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. kM, railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ku
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Ho that
 d** water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely foil to obtain the
 beaithfrd results for which they foto,.
 i The following care illustrate? this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of I)a. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 abom thirty-five years, was brought to m as
 August. Her now presumed the following pheao
 mew*. If plaeed ia erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 grand* If being well iwnpofud, »be mmd e in
 r^ urX *3mr foot, when carried forward,
 drepke her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 “d** ®ke kud been ia this condition nearly a
 yem. Her tremmem commenced the Mth sf Sept.,
 and was continued to the 2Stb Oct. only, when she
 left, sa fer recovered as la be able to waft half a
 mile with ease. Since hsr return to her fomiiy, shs
 has continued her hath#, with eonespoadiag i»
 prnv resent to her health. Hhe aaw atteuds to her
 domestic duties, a*d with dm assistance of a small
 giH, does the work of her fomiiy.
 are three comfortables,
 half towels swrked, Tih’tldllaeu tor’
 Term*, from five to tea dollars par week, aceord
 *s dm wvaoakien or chafe* of the ruirmi
 Tkssa who are less parti refer ia thff aefaetietiei
 •mw* mr are vilhw to occupy fares hi r
 with others, will he charged fees.
 Afael, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
rOfBftTV:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEG A L
 CUES.
 •Y LYSAMDEB SPOONER.
 TW Afcujr Patriot tali it A neat pamphlet a
 pages—a TfTy remarkable pfrxfortion”—
 “Whether all the aat'iciparioM of Mr. Spooner
 voald be mined by the Ml adopt** of his theory,
 we do not here stop to enquire; but we heart fly eom
 mmd his endeavor to the notice of a w br, Ui a
 tr»—parent forcible diction— intrepid rndcpervleare—
 orifiaal thought—«u*d entire freedom from the rant
 of sect or party Asa judicial writer,he has a depth,
 a comp+n, far beyond any one whose prod action*
 btTe met our eye ta a lon« time.”
 limit** Merrmnt's Magazine «ays—‘ ‘lt abaMdi
 ia bold and orifinai thought*. The illegal ca«w&lt; of
 porerty are staled, and a number of important propo
 *Hwaa bearing on the subject laid down; and, oa the
 whole, we consider it a work well worth Mudyu*g__
 afford in* a* it does many raluable him* to the states
 man and political economic.”
 The Bangor Gaaetfe says—“ An able ami certain
 hr original work, from the pen of Ly sender Spooner
 E«q —author of tligt powerful hook which demon
 •trnten the unronstifutionality of American Slavery
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,’ Thi* new work is des
 tined to lead to a re examination of all former sys
 tems of political economy.” At firm blush his ece
 nomical proposition* strike ns as sustainable—and il
 they are ao, bis work will prevail, and produce an
 important rrrolutioa in the present prevailiw s&gt;a
 teni.
 ETery one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Prir* r»nla
Han’s Vegetable Extract
 I* the only remedy that can be relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Irriia
 lion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic A fieri ions, Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Physical Ener
 gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 dreadful of all disease* that a fieri the human race—
 or Falling SrA, m ._H v ,|erical Fit,,
 Convulsions, Spasms, fcc It is wefi known, that
 from lime immemorial, Physicians haTe pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. *lt has I*.fifed all their
 •kill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands have suffered through a mis
 erable existence, and at last yielded up thc-ir lives on
 the Altar of Insanity. —Tlte proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacv in saying
 that it ran be cured. He would, therefore, respec
 fully invite physicians, ami all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony w hirh is here offered.
 If it is deception, let i; tie exposed but if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable!
 Hurt's Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen years,
 lias been tested by many persons who liave suffered
 with this dreadful disease, and in every case where
 it ha* had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states tliat
 his daughter lias been afflicted w itli Fits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by tlie use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bmdey, 115 Orrhord street, New York,
 states that she lias heen subject to Fits for many
 years, and lias been restored to perfect health (after
 every oilier mean* liatl failed) by the use of the
 i Vegetable Extract.
 I)r. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the liest Physicians iu the
 State, says tliat lie lias lieen much fx-nefitled by the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, ami that lie unite* itar
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills,Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many y'-ars past tie
 has been sorely afflicted w ith Fits, and ha is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Halt's
 j Vegetable Extract, luts restored him to sound health,
 I being entirely freed from tliat worst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 having used die Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons u| M
 are afflicted w ith Fits.
 M- Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 I Mr. Chas, H. Boughton, a member of his family has
 been so severely afflicted w ith Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that lie was obliged to relinqui.-h Ins
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex!
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State of
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spot*wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, stales
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his liealth has been so much improved that he hopes
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Ejmleftic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of the sou of
 Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract I have spent
 over three thousand dollar* for medicine ami medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted die most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three mombs
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollar*, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that my son case was honefesi
 POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home i n the month of
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 as when I left, 1 saw your advertisement in one of
 the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart's
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cutes, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
 aorry 1 did so, as by the use of Hart's Vegetable
 was oreJ PERFECT
 HEALTH. Hi* reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him lor business is entirely restored, with tire
 prospect now before him of life, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, ami 27 year* 6
 months of this time has heen afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as I here enclose you one hundred dollars
 I have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept this amount as interest
 on tnedebt in advance,
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY
 In reference to the almost miraculous eftraev cl
 this truly wonderful medicine, read the f0110w..,.,
 ett fr V* Or. W. L. Monroe, of GuilfordfOhiol
 one of the most eminent physician* in that place
 o U| Ohio, August 17, 1846.
 Brother laborer in the Cause ofhumanily—Dear
 of pleasure that l
 of your invaluable medicine in I J
 ft""!**** ,n instances in this vtcmiiv,
 and it has been highly successful in ail Three a
 Um nonems, l treat, here beep radically cured.
 The fourth one is rapidly isopcormg, and will, I
 think without doubt recover. lam not in the habit
 of prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
 J* when I see an article which promises so much
 for the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
 to recommend it, and I have no heeiutiin in say
 ing that as soon as the focuhy we fully acquaint/.!
 with the real merit of your medicine, tWy wifi
 ekme their eyes against prejudice and lead you a
 helping hand. 3
 I sdUcribe myself yours, siaeereiy,
 [SignedJ W L, MONROE, M. D.
 To Dr. H. Hart, New York.
 w E E J?“i FA wwaht
 When thousands who are now tcemUmn under
 the hand of this drewdfiai disease, and franm
 SmLSS iLST “■•*7—l
 Ju.« B bw N iJi.w2P^? D COmriCATF-S
 *7 «f U,. H«-. r,,,u
 gL Pr wl *7» HART. M D Sr. V«l.
 ou
 I’msrhxmcww W
 a*--*
 HHn. m u.i Cl.
 -“SLiELS fcs
 p tm Paid.
 A NeJ Yort** 1 i U Fmkom amd WtUuM&gt; Sl
 i, b y* H Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 Wm. Utmningham, MillwankmWwT
 .THOMASSMJUS,in a« mi,
 nwiu.ii.mi

"
