"Notices.
Anti«Klnvery
 Jons Ji. Jacob#, of Massachusetts. a Fug
 tive Slaw, w ill hold meeting* as follow#
 Ontario, Monday, Jan. 20th, at 7 P M
 Webster, Tuesday, 3Pth.
 Pinfold. Thursdav. Feb. Ist,
 Egypt, Friday. id.
 Fairport, Jsunday. Mb,
 The friend# of the slave in each plane an
 requested to provide a (dace and give cxtende*
 notlfo of the meeting#, that all mav hear ow
 who can tell ably, from personal experierice
 #shat American slavery is.
 American Slavery
 The Fourth of a Senes of lecture# on tin
 subject will be delivered by Frkdkrh k Hot
 clash, in Minetva Hall, on Sunday events
 next, Jan. 27, eommencmg at 7 o’clock.
 Htv. Samvel J. May. of Syracuae isal#
 expected to deliver an address on the sam
 Mib(ect, on Monday next of the time an
 |.la«*e particular notice w ill he given hereaftei
 THIRTIETH ONfiREHS.
 January 10, 1549-
 Pko/k«.t or Colonization. The Senai
 proceeded to the consideration of the motio
 made yesterday by Mr. Underwood, that tli
 peuuon of Daniel P. Bedinger, praying tin
 t 'ongress may appropriate money for the pm
 pose of removing free |&gt;eoplr of color to I,
 lieria, or elsewhere, from the United State
 and also to make an appropriation for if
 purpose of colonizing such slaves as may I
 hereafter manumitted for that purpose, be r&lt;
 ferred to. the (’ouunittee on the Judiciary
 with instructions to impure and report whethe
 Congress possesses the f onstitulioiial jHiwc
 io appropnate money lor the removal ol th
 lice [»eople ol color viliu may choose to mi
 urat» and slaves who may hereafter beeman
 ipaled h»r that purpose, to the Republic c
 Liberia, or elsewhere and if, m the opinio
 I, the Cwinmiltcc, Congress possesses tha
 p.iwer, whether it is expedient and proper t
 make such appropriations.
 Mr. Dickinson demanded a division of lit
 question.
 Mr. Dayton was oppose*! to instructing thi
 committee. He did not w ish the judgment o
 the committee forestalled, for the reason tha
 ■sometimes subjects were sent to committee
 upon which it was not advisable for them t&lt;
 icpoit at all; and in those cases—of whicl
 be considered this to be one —lie thought i
 uell to leave the committee some discretion.
 Mr. Underwood said he had no great objec
 to subserve in moving the instructions; but In
 J, i think this an appropriate occasion upoi
 w Inch to have a rejiort from the Committee
 mi the Judiciary, on the subject referred to Iq
 the petitioner. He desired it, because tin
 p.'tition teferred to a Convention about to Ik
 brhl m Kentucky, at which the question o
 •mancipation was expected to come up am
 ,t was desirable that, before that Couventioi
 *b,ml&lt;l meet, a report niighl Ih* had from tin
 Judiciary Committee, upon the constitutional
 itv and expediency of such an appropriatioi
 that referred to.
 Jt is very well known, sir, (said Mr. 1
 that in the slavehoiding States there is a dt
 vnled opinion. It is perfectly well knowi
 that, among slaveholders themselves, then
 are jKiition willing to emancipate their slaves
 pmvided they can lie sent out of the coun
 trv but lliev are decidedly hostile to email
 i ipaiion, if they are to be allowed to remait
 here.
 Now, sir, 1 do desire to test the opinions o
 Northern men Northern representatives—
 upon the question with reference to the powe
 wild capacity of appropriating money out c
 the treasury to relieve the country of negroes
 by sending them where slaveholders may b
 disposed to send their slaves, if they knot
 itu:&gt; .vnl mu lie allowed to remain here. J
 ihe” remarks which I made the other day,
 called the attention of the Senate and of tli
 committee to the appropriations made for th
 removal of Indians to the West, and for tli
 removal to the coast of Africa of recapture
 Africans; and 1 desired the committee t
 make a distinction, if they could, betwee
 these appiopiiations and such appropriations a
 the petitioner asks for.
 One remark more, sir, and then I am done
 It is this There seems to be a sensitiveness
 upon the subject of slavery which 1 mysel
 never have felt. There is a Southern sens;
 liveness, and a Northern sensitiveness like
 wise, which I have never experienced, and
 disjKJsition to agitate in some quarters, whic
 1 have alike and always disregatded. 1 100
 upon it, Mr. President, as utterly hopeless, a
 utterly useless, to attempt the suppression ti
 discussion of any subject before the America
 mind and onr attempts to suppress it here &lt;i
 elsewhere must always end in a failure. W
 of the South only do ourselves an injury, ac
 cording to my opinion, whenever we attemp
 to exclude a discussion here, if Northeri
 gentlemen choose to enter upon it. Sir,
 always was, while a member of the othe
 House, opposed to the 21st rule. I an
 opposed to every restriction here. I am fo
 throwing the responsibility upon Northeri
 men, whenever they choose to investigate am
 »pc.iU upon the subject, to do it where am
 bow they please. Sir, J want to a&gt;certaii
 tor my constituentsthe length and the breadth
 ibc heightli and the depth, of the feelings o
 the North, upon this subject, and what an
 ail it# bearings, l»otli speculative and practical
 and I hold it to be mv duty to get from tliosi
 Northern gentlemen, at all times and upon al
 occasions, just exactly what they intend to do
 Therefore, sir, 1 have l&gt;«eii always in favor o
 unshackling them on e cry opportunity. I
 was for this purpose that 1 moved a rceonsid
 nation of the votes by which the motion:
 oi the gentlemen behind me (Mr. Hah
 and Mr. Corwin) were laid upon the table.
 Mr. President, do you ever exj»ect, or doe:
 any sensible, rational man ever expect, tha;
 we are to allay this excitement —which hai
 been progressing from year to year, until i
 ha* reached the point of almost severing this
 nation—except you can get men rationally t&lt;
 think amt rationally to talk with each othei
 upon tins subject 1
 Northern man or a Northern woman
 ***»ds a petition here asking you to legislate
 upon the subject ol slavery, as in the ease to
 which I have alluded, asking you not to ex
 i»-ml slavery mm the country over which you
 ran legislate. Du you exj&gt;eoi to conciliate
 the feelings ol that man or that woman by
 turning around and saying, “Von had uu
 light to speak or, if you do speak, we will
 not hear you—we will treat yon with con
 tempt
 Mr. President, it is utterly hopeless to ex
 pect to do any good by the course which we
 lake in reference to petitions sent here. W'hat
 has been tlie lesult of llns course in the othei
 branch of the National Legislature When
 I |ir&gt;t came into Uongrees, all these peiihuns
 were referred. It went on that way year af
 ter year, until at last we passed the 21st rule
 iejecting them without question, without ac
 non, without doing anything. Has the pas
 aage of the 21st rule done any good 1
 lias, in my judgment, only aggravated th&lt;
 matter: aod so the course which we take
 here, sir, can do no good, excepting to aggra
 «&gt;ate the question. What is the remedy
 Refer their petitions, sod then give the projwi
 answer. Now, sir, upon the right ol pen
 non, let me say, that I entertain the opimor
 th;« it is not unlimited; that there ur a r. stn6
 non upon it, and that that restriction consist!
 m two things. If the body petitioned has nc
 power to grant the prnyer of that peniion,
 then the jietitioiier has no right to prefer the
 petition. If fie prefers! lie petition to s body
 ilist cannot comply with the wishes of the
 petitioner—that lias no constitutional power to
 do so—th*- presentation of tlie petition is to a
 body, sir, wluch, in respect to the aetum
 wl..ch the petitioner desires, has no possible
I
 power toart. and therefore there i* no right in
 the care of that aon of petition.
 The other limitation is, sir, that where the
 petitioner ask* the body that ha* the power to
 act to pare a law, to modify a law, to repeal a
 law, which law doe# not operate upon the pe
 titioner, but upon somebody els*, then th** in
 dividual who is not affected hy the taw and
 cannot he affected by it, has no right to inter
 pose. and introduce a j**titi«*n to have a law
 passed which shall affect the rights and inter
 ests of others, from whose action he is alto-;
 gether exempt. In a casr of that sort, sir, it
 is direct despotism. It i* tyranny, in the
 worst nensc. f »r a man win* does not feel the
 ••pcration of a law, ami who from his aitua-&lt;
 lion can never feel it, to apply to a legislative
 bndv to put manacle* upon other* which he is
 not to feel himself.
 Now Mir, with these restrictum*, the right
 of |ietition has been violated in innumerable
 instances. I want the North to understand
 that they are calling upon the National le
 gislature to do things the effect of which they
 arc not to leel themselves 1 And I want, sir.
 hi my view of the subject, the committees of
 this House and of the other to answer these
 jieople—to answer them in a calm, dignified
 manner, and say to them, \N hen your peti
 tions coin*' here, you are begging for a ihing
 which you are not to feel by legislative action,
 and which you arc to make others feci most
 sensibly.*
 Sir, there are differences of opinion upon
 this subject, I know. These Northern gen
 tlemen and their constituents may think, as
 conscientiously as I do, that they have the
 1 1 right to ask the legislation of fongress upon
 a question the eflecie of which they are not to
 1 feel. I think they have no such right. The
 only way is to allow these petitions to come
 to the committee, and then let Northern gen
 tlemen w ho are disposed to agitate this ques
 tion. do it at their peril. Sir. we shall hive
 all these things up. This is inevitable
 These Territorial bills in reference to New
 Mexico and California, bring the yyhole ques
 lion before us. And why U|m&gt;ii this question,
 Sny more than upon that, shall we ot the
 South he allowed to speak 1 -and whv should
 we not allow Northern gentlemen to argue
 j these points 1 Sir. I experience no such
 alarm as others appear to feel, 1 led as
 though I stand upon impregnable ground with
 reference to this institution. 1 think 1 under
 stand it better than they do. and 1 have no ob
 jection to then discussing anything they
 choose to discuss. I have nothing l*&lt; fearlrom
 the discussion.
 I therefore hope, sir. not only that the in
 quiry whether Congress has the power to aid
 in 1 liis matter may Is* made doling the present
 session, but 1 am |*erfeetly willing to have a
 reconsideration of those petitions which were
 presented day before yesterday, and to let
 them go to a committee, that they may Is*
 reported upon, as well as the paper which 1
 had the honor to present.
 Mr. Metcalfe followed in remarks of a sim
 ilar naiurc.
 Mr. Hale.—l rise, sir, for the purpose of
 expressing my grateful acknowledgments to
 the Senator from Kentucky who first address
 ed the ('hair, (Mr. Underwood,) fi»r the mag
 nanimous course which lie has pursued with
 reference to the petition w filch 1 ha 1 the honor
 of presenting the other day and, indeed, it
 was no more than 1 had a right to expect
 from his whole course upon this floor. But
 w hile 1 do this, I beg to dissent, in the most
 unqualified manner, from the limitations which
 that honorable Senator lias laid down, to the
 exercise of the right of petition, which right
 that gentleman so freely concedes because,
 sir, wTtli the limitations and restrictions which
 the honorable Senator puts upon this right,
 (and which 1 am sure he would not have put
 upon it if he had examined it with his usual
 keenness.) the right of petition is utterly de
 stroyed and the right is not worth the natno,
 nor the petition the paper upon which it is
 written.
 f The position of the honorable Senator I
 i understand to be this—that the petition must
 lie presented ,to a liody having the power to
 grant it and it must not be for any measure
 whirl, n ill uflfeci others if.su those who pre-
 I sent the petition. Now, sir, w hat is the right
 of petition, thus limited, hampered and fet
 tered 1 The question is, whether Congress
 have the power. Petitioners come here and
 1 ask you to pursue certain measures and if
 you decide -in advance that you have not the
 power to pursue those measures, you just as
 i effectually deny the right of jictitiou as if you
 refused to receive the petition for any other
 reason whatsoever. This jusi as effectually
 5 j debars the citizen from the right of petition as
 f any mode which human ingenuity ean devise.
 If you say, We have not the power to grant
 1 and therefore we will not hear your petition,*
 it is equivalent to saying, You have no
 right to come here, and we will not hear your
 tI prayer.”
 s But the gentleman says that we must not
 f: pray for measures affecting others than the
 petitioners. I was reading the other day the
 r correspondence between the Minister of the
 i United States and Lord Palmerston, in Great
 Britain, relative to American citizens unjustly
 detained in the prisons of Great Britain and
 1 saw with high satisfaction that the American
 Secretary of State, very much to his credit,
 urged upon our Minister at the Court of St.
 that he should ask not only for the
 li!&gt;eration of citizens of the United Slates un
 justly thrown into prison, but should intercede
 in lielialf of the whole class of those who had
 fallen under the censure of the British Gov
 eminent, on account of the movements they
 had made in their attempts —mistaken though
 they might lie—to reform and perhaps to revo
 lutionize Ireland. Where, sir, would have
 !*een an intciference in that case, if the Ame
 rican Secretary of State had been governed
 by the consideration w’bich has been urged
 i upon the Senate hy the gentleman from Ken
 tucky, that the right to pray, the right tc
 l.eg, was confined to the simple, poor, and
 narrow pri\ ilege of asking blessings for our*
 selves?
 What is, the whole scope and tenor of the
 religion w hich we profess, and which I know
 the honorable Senator not only professes, bui
 practices 1 Is it not to make prayer and
 intercession tor all men’’ And, sir, is it tc
 lie announced tiere to-day, as the deliberate
 conviction of the American Senate, that the
 circle of human sympathies and human affec
 tions is to U- so circumscribed to a rigid
 1 selfishness, that we have not the right even to
 J pray and to beg for the subjects of our sym
 pathy and regard Has the right of petition
 got io be as limited and restricted as that
 j Yet. sir, if I understood the gentleman from
 Kentucky, this is the limit and the restriction
 which lie would impose upon the right of pe
 ntion io be enjoyed by the citizens of the U.
 Stales, when addressing the Senate of the
 i United States.
 will trespass upon the attention of the
 Senate but a moment longer. 1 must say
 that I have been—l might say—amused but
 I have been astonished at the tone of remark
 which I hear every day m this Senate, iu the
 House of Heprescmatives, and elswhere,
 upon this subject of American slavery, as if
 Northern gentlemen were aggressive upon
 this subject. Aggressive' Howt when
 when’ Why, sir, the course of Northern
 KepietenUtives and Northern Senators—l
 say it to our shame, and i take my portion of
 it—lias been so pusillanimous, so cowardly,
 so craven, so submissive upon this subject,
 that the women and the children reproach us
 for »t. Yes, sir, the very women call ua
 craven. 1 received a letter from a female
 friend to-day, who inquired why, in the name
 of Heaven, it was, that Northern spirit baa
 so ooaetf out, aud that we had become so sub
 missive and so tame upon thu subject.
 Why, sir, slavery has ruled the Govern
 ment from the very first adoption of the Con
 stitution up to tbe present time; and it hat
 got re now, that if we cse rciae the poor righ
 of the beggar, and cry, and petitioo, we are
 denounced as insolent es, sir, if we look
 up to our masters, and say God help us? we
 are called “insolent,” and “aggressive/'
 and trespassing upon the right* ot the
 South.” Now 1 piotest one* and forever,
aftiu-t the injtMtice of any such term*. We
 H«»e been Mibroissivc. and we arc Mill. We
 have bent our faces to the earth, and our
 bock* Hr the lash, and we ought to he re
 proached for that. We hare been submissive
 long enough and we have beta tatne enough,
 Heaven pod earth know. I am much at a
 lose to know what is meant bv this Northern
 aggteasion. M Our mono* and our Wood have
 bei'U^a wn upon us as profusely as our I**'
 tienoa. We have yielded anything at*d
 everything, in our individual and mrr notional
 action, in behalf cff. in support of. the insti
 tution of Southern slavery.
 I do not wish U» interfere with it. I do not
 wish to he aggressive, i only w ish that we
 may lie let alone. Nay, sir, I am willing—
 arnl I *(»t:«k also in I* hall of those who sent
 me here—l am willing that we should be
 held responsible to the limit of the constitu
 tional obligation, for everything that may he
 required for the support ami sustenance «»l
 American slavery. I am willing to go to the
 last letter in the bond. If you find in it the
 (pound id' flesh, take it ami if you find out
 heart's best Mood written there, take it. I
 am ready to come up lo the work freely,
 fairly, and fully, and to conform to the con
 tract. Hut w hen we are called to go turthei
 than that—when we ask in the name ot com
 mon humanity, from our clearest conviction*
 of our obligations, that we may not be com-
 I&gt;elled lo go even beyond the line of coi slitu
 lional obligation, I do pray that we may not.
 for that reason, !&gt;c called aggressiver.
 Mr. Dough s .—I do not intend to enter inti
 any discussion. It is only the last few re
 marks of the gentleman from New Hamp
 shire [Mr. lfale] whicn have brought me t«
 the floor. As a Northern inan, I ani no
 willing to have it said here, without deuying
 it, that the North have degraded themselves
 to thedSoiith. I am not willing to have that
 .libel pronounced upon the North, on this
 floor, and to sit in silent acquiescence to its
 correctness. The North have always main
 tained their rights. They are the last people
 to yield to an infraction of those riglus.
 Northern men have shown their willingness
 to meet the issue at all times in the halls ol
 legislation, whenever the issue has been
 brought before them. And. sir, if there has
 been any submission upon the part ot the
 Noitli in former times, if there has Ipeen any
 humble submission, it has fieen an humble
 submission to the principles of the f'onslitu
 lion, ami not to dictation from the South.
 I have only regretted in these latter days
 that this liurnhle submission to the principles
 of the Constitution, on the part of my North
 ern friends, had not lieen continued. sir,
 have voted to keep the abolition agitation out
 of those halls. 1 have voted to keep down
 i that spirit of fanaticism which was agitating
 and exciting the country to no good, and
 which could have no other effect than to rally
 the North against the Smith, and the Smith
 against the North—to weaken the bond ol
 Union between the different portions of the
 country, and to create factions w hich are will
 ing to rule upon the ruins of the l 'onstitution
 and of the Union.
 And, sir, is this submission to the spirit and
 jthe principles of the ('onstitution to !&gt;e de
 itounoed as a base submission to a Southern
 faction No, sir. I wish to execute the
 (lowers of this Government in that spirit of
 harmony and conciliation which brought the
 'Constitution into existence- If the South
 land the North had come forward vitb theii
 defiance, each taunting the other, and adding
 insult to insult, every time that one of the
 opposite section rose upon the floor, do you
 think that we should have had a Consti
 union And shall we be degenerate sons ol
 tr.oie jires, who framed the Constitution I
 ,4he Constitution w as good as it came fron
 their hands, how shall it lie said that we whe
 live under it, and its provisions, are dc
 generate for our fidelity to it?
 We would have no cause, sir, of complain
 j upon the subject of slavery, if each mar
 would mind his own business, and not en
 *deavor to introduce the subject into thest
 halls. The constituents of our New Hamp
 I shire friend would neyer know how in gel
 1 these poor negroes suffer, if it was not fob
 them by those who never saw their sufferings
 1 and know nothing of what they are talking
 about. And the South would not know how
 badly they are treated by the North, if th&lt;
 subject was not brought before them for flu
 purpose of exciting the people in a popula
 election. I wish, sir, to banish the whoh
 agitation from these halls. Let us rival end
 other in our devotion to the principles of tin
 Constitution, to the spirit of harmony an&lt;
 conciliation and to binding the different por
 tions of the Union together more firmly,
 rather than in abusive attacks upon diffemn
 portions of the Union, calculated to exciti
 j angry feeling and discontent.
 If we wish, sir, to settle this question o
 slavery, and banish the agitation iioin tliesi
 [halls, let us remove the cause which produce:
 it. Let us settle the question in that territory
 which we have acquired, in a manner lhai
 saves the honor and respects the feelings o
 every portion of the Union. Do not insult
 ione section of the Union by bringing fonyart
 your prohibiton of slavery, nor defy the pfher
 by threats of disunion. Bring it into this
 Union upon an equal footing with the fStates
 the people in each State settle the ques
 tion of slavery as they would settle the questior
 of banking, or any othet domestic institution,
 themselves—for themselves, according to theii
 own wishes. Whatever that settlement may
 be, 1 shall be contented with it.
 If we of the North would mind our owr
 business upon that subject, and if you of the
 South would be quiet and mind yours, and let
 California act for herself, I think then we
 should have very little trouble. Neither the
 Noith nor South, either ?»f them, has any
 right to interfere there. I do not speak of
 constitutional right.
 1 do not choose to go into abstractions or
 metaphysical reasoning. I speak of those
 moral rights which go higher than the Consti
 tution, and which we are liound to observe
 when we assume to dictate forms of govern
 ment to a people wlto are about to form an
 independent State.
 And, sir, let us settle the question iir this
 District in the same way. Let us retrocede
 it to Maryland. When you have done these
 two things, there is nothing left for agitation
 upon the subject of slavery. Then, parties
 can be formed upon principles upon which
 they can stand. The Whigs can stand upon
 their own Whig measures. The Democrats
 can stand upon their own firm and eternal
 1 principles. I jet us leave the one to combat
 i the other. 1 believe the country is safe in
 the bauds of either. But may God prevem
 this country from ever being ruled by a faction
 which comes into power by appealing and
 I pandering to prejudices; which combines
 men of all parties and all factions, with no
 one principle in common. God prevent that
 we may ever be ruled by such a party in this
 country. If we would quiet the agitation,
 let us remove the causes, and thus may we
 avert such a calamity.
 Mr. Underwood followed in reply to the
 argument of the Senator from New Hamp
 shire, [Mr. Hale,] while maintaining the
 position thflj* citizen has no right to petition
 for that wHfc the body petitioned has not the
 power to grant, or which does not affect the
 I petitioner individually. Mr. U. a* id
 But, air, let ine tell the gentleman, and let
 me tell the country, that my view of the right
 of petition is, thst it is a practical question.
 That right is not infringed by the action o.
 either branch of Congress, when we reject
 any paper which may be presented here, that
 merely utters the religious sentiments, or the
 philanthropic sentiments, of the petitioner*.
 We do not interfere with that right, when
 we say that the paper shall not be considered.
 But my view of the right of petition is, that
 t it is a practical thing. It becomes practical
 when you are salted to pass a law, and to
 repeal or modify a law. This Congress is
 s legislative body, and all the action of Con
 gross, in my estimation, is in iu legislative or
 executive character.
 Now, air, whatever it can do in it* legisla
 live ot executive chancier boo a bearing upon
 the orisons of the United State* generally, m
upon particular'classes si*j 4 *p*&lt;’*t*
 or apart from the gw» *3
 hate its effect upon the people of las I nits*
 States in one uiv or the other. ,Ww»tsnyi
 then, relates to the general interest ol tha
 country, operate* alld him upon the *iw,
 either in the executive or in legislative
 character of t «M.gn». I boW to bean orcaama
 for the people of the United Stale* to petition
 upon. But whatever action of ongrese in
 its legislative character affects a partiealai
 lu*tnet, then I hold, sir, that it is the business
 1 nf that particular district which feels the
 action of the Government, and that d»tnn
 ahmc, to {iciition to t "iingress for its action.
 Now, sir, to illustrate, what are tliese
 Northern permute constantly doing They
 are petitioning with reference to the institu
 tion of slavery in this District. Do the law?
 w hich operate upon the institution of slavery
 in this District operate upon the Noithern
 men» Not at all. Does it affect their rights
 or property T Not at all. ft may affect tbeii
 moral and religious sentiments.
 Mr. Hale. Will the Senator allow rnc f J
 w ish to ask him if the citizens of the whole
 l nion are not at an expense in this Districi
 for the support of fugitive slaves, and others
 —whether we do not thereby pay our monet
 for the support of this institution in this
 District l
 Mr. Underwood. Well, sir, I suppose yoi
 do to some extent. If there is any expense
 j iu. maintaining the seat of Government, it falh
 upon the general treasury of the country
 that I admit. But, sir, in the view of tht
 1 Constitution of the United States, are you t&lt;
 lie relieved from ihe expense of maintaining
 the seal of Government in the ten-miles square
 ceded to the nation for the purpose of a seal
 of Government 1 Does the mere fact tha 1
 vou are subjected to a small pecuniary contri
 bution anthorize you to make that a basi:
 lu]&gt;oii which to ask the passage of laws whicl
 do not affect you, but which only affect this
 particular District 1
 Mr. Dayton. My simple purpose, sit, ir
 calling the attention of the Senate to this
 reference was, that the Judiciary Committer
 might he left free to the exercise of a certair
 discretion common in such cases—to report oi
 not ujwin the questions involved in the me
 morial. 1 wish this memorial to stand a;
 other memorials ordinarily stand when rc
 feired to our committee and I think, sir
 ihat the remarks which have been made b)
 my friend, touching the memorial that he ha:
 presented, serve to show the propriety ol the
 course which 1 suggested.
 Mr, Mason submitted a few remarks, the
 purport of which was, that the Slate of Vir
 ginia would submit to no inquiry upon the
 question of slavery, either for or against tin
 institution.
 Mr. Davis, of Mississippi.—Mr. President
 j it is exceedingly to be regretted that, from
 day to day, those assembled here to discharge
 their constitutional legislative duties should
 find themselves balked by irritating question:
 lorced upon them by those whose piety is st
 great that they must always he repenting o
 other’s sins! When did the South ask for this
 vicarious repentance? And when did slit
 ask of you lessons in morals Let thest
 pious intcrmeddlers answer these questions,
 orhereaft er stop ibis perfidious interference
 with the rightsof other men.
 But, sir, of all the clap-traps that have evei
 I gouged forth from the mouths of demagogue!
 to catch popular favor, this question of the
 right of petition is the greatest. What die
 the Constitution guaranty ?-•—and under whai
 I terms and for what purpose was it adopted?
 I When these States were Colonies, whoevei
 denied those colonies the right of petition:
 It was the right peaceably to assemble foi
 specific purposes, which was tested, and tha:
 was the right which was guarantied—the
 right peaceably to assemble to petition foi
 grievances. That was the only right whicl
 i was ever interfered with; and the right t(
 petition carried with it tlte supposition tha
 there was a grievance. What grievance is
 there to any non-slaveholding State, tha
 where communities think proper to keej
 i slaves, they should interfere with their lights
 1 Does this right to beg, imply the obligator
 to grant? There is the question, and tin
 whole question before Congress. Shall wt
 i receive, and entertain, and discuss petition;
 ij upon a subject, when every one concedes tha
 we have no right to grant anything? Jt i&lt;
 an idle waste of time to pass upon such peti
 tions, and thus to squander the time whicl
 i ought to lie devoted to some useful purpose
 i Mir, it has been stated, that in the course o
 1 this debate, that the course of the Southerr
 men in objecting to these petitions has createi
 all the excitement. Let those who entertair
 this opinion reler lo the action of the Hous&lt;
 of Kepreseutativos, and there find the decisiot
 against them. In that body—where tliest
 petitions have lieen received, referred, anc
 discussed—abolitionism has gone on increa
 sing step by step w hile in tlie Senate—the
 more rational rule having been adopted of lay
 j ing such petitions on the table, without dis
 cussion— it has scarcely been a tiling con
 sidered, until some very zealous, over-pious,
 latter-day saints have come into the Senate tc
 force this question upon us.
 Sir, we have been told about the enlarging
 of the circle of human sympathy and affection
 and those who warn us of thus enlarging this
 circle are such as can never reason in any
 other circle than that t&gt;f affection for the negro
 race. It begins and ends there: it can heai
 of nothing else that is progressive in any hu
 man reform—nothing which does not centre
 j in the single question of abolitionism.
 What, now, is the proposition It is to
 take money from the treasury, and bestow it
 upon a certain class of passengers l What
 right have you to distinguish between one
 j class of passengers and another? I am sorry
 I that,, when my friend from Kentucky was
 speaking, he did not say to the North, You
 are the men who imported these slaves from
 Africa—who have enjoyed the benefit of the
 carrying and selling ot these slaves—who have
 reaped the largest proportion of the profit
 i and you are the men who should contribute
 1 the largest proportion ol the money to carry
 them back
 i As to any influence to be exerted upon the
 (Convention in Kentucky, 1 have only to say
 that I agree with my Inend from irgiuia,
 [Mr. Mason.] I am unwilling to attempt any
 interference with the convention they aje
 able to take cate of* themselves, and they
 i have a light to do as they please. If they
 wish to emancipate their slaves—although 1
 should regret it —I would interpose uo ob
 i Stacie, by showing them that we would not
 transport their slaves and most certainly no
 inducement, by showing them that we would.
 And it would be well, sir, for those who cry
 out “good God (and I think there is more
 propriety in crying out “good Devil,” wlien
 their whole purpose is to scatter seeds of dis
 sension in this Union,) it might be well for
 them, duriug alt their lamentations about
 slavery, to look upon the other side of the
 picture, and ask, If it has brought evils, what
 evils has it prevented l lias it made one
 more a slave, than would have been a slave
 1 without that institution 1 Has it reduced one
 man from liberty to slavery? This is the
 question. 1 answer not one! Under laws
 older than the records of history, men were
 taken in bondage and made slaves as captives
 of war. Those were purchased of chieftains,
 warring with contending elans, who held
 them in slavery and that purchase saved
 them frwn a more ignominious slavery than
 that which exists on this side of the Atlantic.
 That purchase bought them, too, from the
 dreadful darkness w hich bung over the sav
 age interior of Africa and it brought with it
 enlarged products—enlarged commerce —the
 palm of civihxation and of inlet national amity,
 and all those blessings which now hind the
 people of the remote quarters of the world
 together. These are some of the fruits which
 sre to be considered before you condemn so
 freely this institution.
 It is only to answer the libellous slanders
 of this msutuui n— about which I know soane
 j thing ottered by tboss whs are entirely ig
 norant of k, that I have entered into the dis
 cassias. 1 thank the Senator from lllams
 ,[&gt;(r. Duogbasj for the manly manner m
which he hea this question; sad ii
 all those of equal mtelhgeaoe, representing a
 like constituency, would thus speak to those
 they represent, appealing to their pntnotum
 and good sense, it woold present this agita
 tion which can be productive of nothin* but
 evil. This n» the question, the agitation ol
 which ts drstroving our institetioi», if. indeed,
 they arc to fall". Now is the tune for than*
 men who love the. Union better than tbej
 lore the negro rare, to speak plainly to those
 whom they represent; to tell them they mis
 took the issue— that when they argued ahoul
 the existence of slavery, it was an issue ol
 their own; there was another which they
 were bound to consider, and it was the ques
 tion of non-interference with the rights of th«
 Slates, or the question of the disunion of thu
 noble Confederacy, and of all the bright hopei
 of human liberty w hich have been built upor
 it. With this issue, let our Northern friendt
 appeal to tHeir constituency, and if they an
 nut so far degenerated from such sires at
 Hancock and Adams, they will return to then
 allegiance to the Constitution, and forbear t&lt;
 interfere with the rights of the Southerr
 States.
 Mr. Butler.— shall not undertake} to din
 cuss the question of slavery with gentlemer
 who present petitions of this kind. But, Mr
 I President, I am a member of the Judicary
 Committee, and if petitions and resolutions o
 this sort are to be given to it, I must beg ti
 be discharged form the painful duty of enter
 taining them for while I am willing, from i
 j sincere respect to this body, to obey all its
 1 instructions. I trust in God that you will no
 make me the instrument of my own degrada
 tion, and that of my country.
 Mr. Dayum remarked that, that part of thi
 resolution which proposed instruction to th&lt;
 committee had been stricken out.
 Mr. Butler.—l do not want any reference a
 j all!
 Mr. Berrien expressed himself entirely op
 posed to the object of the petitioner, and eon
 sequently to its reference.
 Mr. -Siles concurred in the view taken hj
 the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien.] Hi
 further held, that the petitioner asked an ap
 propriation such as Congress had no con
 stitutional power to grant. He believed this
 to lie a matter which belonged to the States
 and not to the Federal Government.
 Mr. Dickinson concurred in the views ex
 pressed by the Senator from Connecticut, am
 moved the indefinite postponement of tin
 whole subject.
 The question being stated upon the motion
 the yeas arid nays were demanded and or
 dered; and being taken, the yeas were ‘27
 nays 23, as follows:
 Yeas —Mesrss. Atherton, Bell, Berrien
 Borland, Breese, Butler, Calhoun, Davis o
 Mississippi, Dickinson, Douglass, Downs
 Fitzgerald, Fitzpatrick, Foote, Hannegan
 Houstan, Hunter, Johnson of Louisiana, John
 son of Georgia, King, Mason, Pearce, Rusk
 Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—27
 Nays —Messrs. Allen, Baldwin, Benton
 Bradbury, Bright, Clarke, Clayton, Corwin
 Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of low a
 Felch, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Metcalfe, Mil
 ler, Niles, Phelps, Spruance, Underwood
 Upham, and Walker—23.
 j So the further consideration of of the sub
I THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JANUARY 26. 1849.
Colonization.
 In order to divert the hounds from the pur
 suit of the fox, a “red herring is sometime!
 drawn across the trail, and the hounds mis
 taking it for the real scent, the game is oftei
 lost. We look upon the recent debate in th&lt;
 Senate of the United States, over thii
 wrinkled old red herring” of colonizatior
 as a ruse to divert the attention of the peoplt
 from that foul abomination which is sought t(
 be forced upon the free soil of California ant
 New Mexico, and which is now struggling foi
 existence in Kentucky, Virginia and the Dis
 trict of Columbia. The slaveholders are evi
 dently.at a stand to know whaf trick they
 shall try next to turn the scorching rays o
 anti-slavery light and truth from the blood
 shot eyes of the monster slavery. The dis
 cussion of it is most painful and agonizing
 and if it continues, the very life of this foul
 unnatural and adulterous beast will be put ir
 imminent peril; so the slaveholding charmeri
 have conjured up their old famliar spirits o
 colonization, making the old essence of abomi
 nation to flounder about in its grave clothes
 before the eyes of Northern men, to theii
 utter confusion and bewilderment. A drown
 ing man will catch at a straw. Slavery is
 sinking in public estimation. It is going down
 It wants help, and asks through Mr. Under
 wood, of Kentucky, how much of the public
 money (made by the honest toil of Northern
 men) will be at its service in the event ol
 emancipation, as some are in favor of eman
 cipation, provided that the negroes can be
 sent to Liberia, or beyond the limits of the
 i United States.”

 Here we have the old colonization spirii
 revived, and the impudent proposition enter
 tained by the Senate of the United States ol
 expelling the free colored people from the
 United States, their native land, to Liberia.
 In view of this proposition, we would re
 i spectfully suggest to the assembled wisdom ol
 the nation, that it might be well to ascertain
 i the number of free colored people who will be
 likely to need the assistance of govern-
 I ment to help them out of this country to
 Liberia, or elsewhere, beyond the limits of
 these United States —since this course might
 save any embarrassment winch would result
 fiom an appropriation more than commen
 surate to the numbers who might lie disposed
 to leave this, our own country, for one we
 know not of. We are of opinion that the
 free colored people generally mean to live in
 America, and not in Africa ami to appro
 priate a Urge sum for our removal, would
 I merely be a waste of the public money. We
 do not mean to go to Liberia. Our minds are
 oiade up to live here if we can, or die here if
 we must so every attempt to remove us,will
 be, as it ought to be, labor lost. Here we are,
 and here we shall remain. While our brethren
 are iri bondage oo these shores; it idle to
 think of inducing any considerable number of
 the free colored people to quit this for a for
 eign land.
 iot two hundred and twenty-eight yean
 has the colored man toiled over the soil of
 America, under a burning sun and a
 laab —plowing, planting, reaping, that white
 men might roll in ease, their hands unhard
 eced by laftor, and their blows unmoistened by
 the waters of genial toil; and now that the
 moral sense of mankind is beginning to revolt
 at this system of foiil freaehery and erod
 wrong, and is demanding its overthrow, the
 mean and cowardly oppressor it meditating
 I plans to expel the colored man entirely from
 the country. Shame upon the gnilty wretches
 that dare propose, and all that countenance
 aoeb a proposition. Wt live lure hf
 lived here—have a right to live here, redrew
 to live here.—f.
iatfapmßM and Flinii ti the Navy.
 A great Anti-flogging and Temperance
 meeting »a convened in Concert Hall, Rt-ch
 filer, on Tseadav evening, for the purpose of
 hearing the system of intemperance, and the
 Moody and inhuman practice of flogging in
 the Navy exposed by a Mr. W. S. Haynes, a
 sailor, who is devoting hts energies to the im
 provement of seamen. Having another Ant»&lt;
 meeting to attendee failed to reach the Hall i
 in lime to hear thus child of the norm anti
 wttrf nprrate his own bittei experience.
 The Chair was occupied by his honor ihe
 Mayor, and the platform adorned by a large!
 number of professional gentlemen, embracing
 lawyers, pnests, and politicians. Several
 speeches were made after we got there, all
 condemnatory of the practice of flogging in
 the Navy, denouncing it as derogatory to the
 character and genius of American institutions
 —to the dignity of American citizenship—to
 the enlightened spirit of the age, and as being
 utterly barbarous. It was alleged that whip
 ping was not only useless as a means of s&gt;e
 curing obedience and order, but was also de
 structive to those qualities of mind and spirit
 in the sailor, necessary to a warm and gen
 erous devotion to the cause and character of
 his country. A series of resolutions were
 read, (but which we believe was not heard by
 any considerable part of the audience,) in
 character with the speeches. Now all this is
 well, and shows that there are some links of
 brotherhood remaining unsevered, and that
 there is yet some heart in man to feel for the
 wrongs of man. The practice of tearing the
 flesh of man by the terrible thongs of the
 “ca/,”or of bruising it w ith the death-dealing
 “co//,” is at once revolting to the better feel
 ings of human nature, and ought to call forth
 one united and universal cry of shame and
 disapprobation from the whole brotherhood of
 man. The exposure to which this horrible
 practice in the American Navy is now under
 going at the hands of Mr. Haynes, will, we
 trust, be of great service in awakening a
 deeper interest in the cause of the poor sailor,
 and suffering humanity everywhere.
 We have no difficulty in giving our hearty
 co-operation in such a movement as that to
 which Mr. Haynes is himself, and
 which seems to have the encouragement of
 the piety and respectability of Rochester.—
 A long experience of the lash in our own
 person, leaves us without the need of philo
 sophy to teach us its stupifying, deadening
 and hatred-inspiring qualities. Resides our
 experience on the plantation, we have the tes
 timony of intelligent witnesses on Unit sides
 of the Atlantic as to the barbarity and inutil
 ity of flogging in the Navy. We had the
 privilege to attend and speak at a meeting ill
 Exeter Hall, London, more than two years
 ago, to discourage this infernal practice and
 heard on that occasion narrations of cruelty
 that chilled the blood, and made one to hang
 his head and blush to think himself a man.
 When quite a boy, w’e remember to hav«
 sat and listened to a sea captain nariate witli
 fiendish glee his own inhuman treatment tc
 sailors; and from that moment until now,
 the sajjor has had our warmest sympa
 thy. On one occasion he had whipped a
 man till his back was raw and bloody, and
 sent him aloft to reef’ or furl some sail,
 we misremember which, but the outraged
 man, instead of performing the work, leaped
 from the yard-arm into the sea. The jolly
 boat was at once dropped, and the captain
 with two men made for the drowning man,
 and on reaching him, the captain seized him
 by the arm, and essayed to drag him in; but
 instead of allowing himself to be saved from
 a watery grave, he caught the hand of the
 captain in his teeth, lacerating it in a shock
 ing manner. This done, he looked up at the
 captain with a smile of revengeful satisfaction.
 Placing his hands against the sides of the
 boat, he gave himself a sudden push, and
 darted down the briny deep, feet foremost,
 looking up the while at the object of his hate
 with all the fury of a demon. He rose no
 more with life. He preferred to die and be
 food for the hungry shark, than to live and be
 food for the bloody “ca/.” VVe have ieason
 to believe that cases of this kind are numer
 ous. But be this as it may, there are facts
 enough to harrow up the soul of any in whom
 the pulsations of humanity are not extinct.—
 Down with the infernal practice, arid let the
 image of God be no longer the subject of the
 “cat, cowskin or colt.”
 Mr. Haynes is circulating petitions, asking
 Congress to pass a law abolishing the rations
 and flogging, which everybody ought to sign.
 Of course we hate the whole naval system,
 and would aigu a petition to have it utterly
 blotted out of existence. It is a system of
 blood from beginning to end—not merely a
 blood-shedder, but a blood-sucker. We
 would have the whole head of lazy, lounging
 officers set at wotk, and not strutting the deck
 or the street in epauletted idleness, at the ex
 pense of the people. But Use people love to 1
 have it otherwise arid while this is the case,
 we may do all we can to mitigate the suffer
 ings of the poor and helpless under it; and if;
 we cannot abolish the navy, let us do what we i
 I can to abolish the barbarous inhumanity of.
 subjecting the soft flesh of man to the cursed
 and bloody seoturge.
 We are therefore glad to see the interest
 which is being taken in this subject among.
 the piety and respectability of this city and
 this State generally. Though the movement is
 of receot origin, it already numbers among its
 friends and supporters, many of tire first men
 of this city and State. It has attracted at it#
 very inception, those men who generally stand
 aloof from humanitarian movements, at least j
 until they become popular.
 Very well, let them come, and let thetm
 labor in this cause. It will do them good
 and a may be the case, that while contem- i
 plating the gross inhumanity of cutting tire
 backs of white men, they may after a while
 come to see the foul brutality of cutting the
 becks of Mack mm— especially so, sines this
 whole system of whipping is* but an off
 shoot tf the system of slavery We cannot,
 therefore, close this article without inviting
 his boast the Mayor, sad the Reverend clergy j
 sad ether professional gentlemen who at
 tended and encouraged the nsecting cf Mr.
 Hayses oa Tuesday evening last, to attend
 ours, to he held oa Sunday evening next at
 Minerva Hall. The difference between the
 two objects, ooosißts sun ply in the color of the
 •km. The backs of those you would save
 from the lash sis whilo those for whom ws
 pleaders black.
 Da"
The Fair at Williamson.
 This praiseworthy endeavor to raise fund#
 with which to aid the anu-davery cause, by
 sustaining and circulating the North .Star,
 took place on Thursday and Friday ot last
 week; and although the sum realized was not
 large, only amounting to eighty dollars, tb&lt;*
 occasion was one of much interest to all en
 gaged in it. The notice was short and lim
 ited—the weather was bitter cold, and in
 other respects unfavorable the goods were
 altogether too ornamental to meet the ideas
 of hard-handed, industrious farmers. Could
 the women have brought together large quan
 titles of useful implements of husbandry, and
 presented them for sale in the midst of that
 agricultural region, their receipts would have
 been commensurate with their noble effort#
 We are however well satisfied with the re
 sult, and feel a sincere gratitude to the benev
 olent persons engaged in the woik. Tb»*
 anti-slavery women of Ilochesier, always
 zealous and persevenug in efforts to break the
 power of the oppressor, ami to liberate the
 slave, displayed even more than their accaa
 tomed devotion and activity in promoting this
 fair. The piercing winds and chilling frosts,
 which damp the ardor of sterner frames,
 had little terror to these noble women, with
 such an object befoie them. They bundled
 up in coarse garments, and vveie soon out,
 journeying over nigged hills and n v roads, in
 open wagons, twenty-six miles, William
 son. Sectarianism and evangelical piety may
 turn up its pro-slavery nose at these devoted
 women, and declare their conduct m if us
 matter to be unwomanly, “out of h* sphere,”
 &amp;c., but Heaven approves, and tin slave will
 bless them for th“ir humane effort* to deliver
 him front his chains.
 The readiness and cordiality with which
 the women of Williamson and the surrounding
 towns volunteered their kind co-operaUuii,was
 soul-cheering. The heartaand pursea of the
 anti-slavery friends in Williamson were gener
 ously opened in aid of the Fair, as were also
 their homes tor the accommodation of strung
 ers who had come to attend the Fair and the
 anti-slavery meetings which were held the
 evening previous and the day after.
 Among those to whom we feel indebted
 for valuable aid and assistance, are the Seelys,
 j.Anthonys, Potters, Greenfields, Spoors, Uii-
 I derwoods, Coopers, Hillmans, Stretchs,
 I Piers, Smiths, Meunets and Stmightonburghs.
 '1 hese were not only generous contributors,
 but active workers, lor all of which they have
 our warmest ami sincerest gratitude. We
 1 shall long remember the three days we spent
 I among the noble-hearted men and women of
 and shall look idiward with
 pleasure to the day when we may again press
 j their generous hands.
 The Anti-Slavery meeting on the first eve
 ning was highly satisfactory. Cold and
 j pinching as was the night, the Baptist church,
 j a large building, was full of earnest listeners.
 I John S. Jacobs being introduced to the audi
 j cnee by that friend of man, the African as
 j well as the Indian,Griffith M.Coojier,proceeded
 lin his usual, ealin, clear, and yet eame»t
 maimer, to expose the system of slavery, and
 1 to hold up to view the subserviency of lint
 North to the South and to slavery, and to
 make bare the inconsistency ami hypocrisy of
 the people at large. His address was listened
 to with fixed attention.
 After he had concluded, we addressed the
 the meeting at some length, on the moral si at?
 of the nation, and illustrated our subject by
 the result of the late political whirlwind
 which placed that murderous wretch, Zachary
 1 Taylor, in the Presidential chair. We were
 told afterwards that some of the pious voters
 for this inan-stealer and human butcher,
 thought we displayed an unchiistian spirit m
 our assaults upon the character of General
 laylor. This shows how Christians, so
 called, may strain at a knat and swallow a
 i camt *l* They can give the whole sanction of
 their intelligence, morals and religion, to con
 fer honor upon a slaveholder, slavetrader, a
 bloodhound importer, and a human butcher
 and then assume to be discerners of spirit*,
 and very much shocked at anything that looks
 like an unchristian spirit. Out upon the hypo
 crites They act like devils at the ballot
 box, and talk like saints in the church.
 They would vole for the murderer of Jesus
 for President, and denounce those who abhor
 the crime as having an unchristian spirit.—
 Iho time has gone by when such miserable
 twaddle can have much influence on the
 minds ol men. There is another and better
 test than mere words by which to try the
 spirits of men and that is, thkik works
 and when these are ol a wicked character,
 mankind will attach little importance to any
 amount of pious words which the actors may
 be able to string together.— v. u.
 One Hundred Hollar#.
 We tender our heartfelt thanks to the
 ladies of the North Star Fair at Philadelphia,
 for the timely aid which they have rendered
 us by their donation of one hundred dollar#
 It is not only most gratefully received, for ns
 intimate value, but as a noble testimonial of
 the esteem m which the North JStar u&gt; held
 by those who feet the crushing weight ol
 American oppression. We learn that, clear
 of all expenses, the receipts of the Fair were
 two hundred dollars—a large sum, when the
 circuinstances under which the Fair was held
 are duly considered. The ladies have di
 vided the result of the Fair between the lugi
 live slave and hi# guiding star from the bouse
 of bondage to a land of freedom. We thank
 them on behalf of both.
 We learn that the ladies intend to go—-aye
 have gone immediately to work preparing tor
 another effort. Thi# is right and noble
 They deservo, and wo doubt not will have
 the kind co-operation of all the good and tjie
 true friends of improvement and elevation,
 among the respectable ami intelligent colored
 ladies of Philadelphia, We hope to U* able
 to lay before our readers the Constiluturn of
 this "octety of ladies in our next week’s
 paper —r. o.
 The Boston 'monotype says m reference t o
 Gov. Briggs' Message
 “H» bomaiag of our great superiority to
 king-ridden Europe, is pietty fair for Reput
 l**n self-flattery. Thank God, it u aH true,
 to point of feet. But did not the Goveiuoi
 •t that we owe it to our acres aa well aa to
 oar institution* When he spoke of s gov
 ern meat with a hundred thousand offices at its
 disposal, had he no misgivings that we are on
 the way to European tyranny and famine,
 going as feat as time and the laws of popola-
 Itoit will entry us We have something to
 do besides boasting of offt fine sailing qenli
 tioa, if we would keep oi the breakeia,where
 kingcraft has a wreck.’*
"
