"Tl»« Heart****
 We met nt to ha»* said a word of tbia m
 t-reaung gathering of freedom* fnenda. m a
 previous number of the North Sur, but in
 ,he multitude ot other engagements it (dipped
 our memory. As it is never too late to do
 Miod, we may notice thw effort now. Hen
 rietta is seven miles from Rochester, and is a
 (arming region, and on that account not a
 very favorable place to hold Fairs of any
 kind—especially anti-slavery Fairs yet the
 reeeipia of the^single afternoon and evening
 •luring which the Fair was held, amounted u
 more than forty dollars; and although tho
 urn was small, it nn highly satisfactory tc
 ihe few friends of humanity with whom ii
 originated.—r. i&gt;.
 Iletti y Hush
 We have received a long letter from the
 pen of this individual, complaining of our re
 marks upon the proceedings of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Society. Aside
 from tlm charatter of this letter, which is
 quite objectionable, it is entirely too long and
 irrelevant for publication in the North Star.
 W’e are perfectly willing that Mr. Rush, or
 any one els* upon whose conduct we take the
 liberty to comment, should be heard in their
 ow n defence; but we are not willing that,
 under the plea of self-defence, they should
 wander all over creation to gathet up matter
 which ha* no neeessaiy bearing upon the point
 at issue, and thrust U upon the readers of the
 North Star.
 We have no inclination whatever for an
 elaborate personal controversy w ith this indi
 vidual, and ceitamly shall not offend the
 tastes of the readers by engaging in any such
 controversy.
 All that Mr. Bush has a right to ask of us
 is, that the North Star shall do him no injus
 tice. This he has a right to demand and
 tins demand we are willing to comply with to
 the extent of our ability. Ihe admission ol
 other matter, with which his letter is cum
 bered, is optional with us, and we decide
 against it. W e therefore present at once all
 that we have said with icsped to Mr. Rush,
 accompanied by his remarks with respect to it.
 After much discussion, reason prevailed,
 and the Society was saved from dissolution by
 adopting a resolution admitting all persons to
 express their opinions on the proceedings, hut
 that members of the S.reiely alone should
 vote. It is however to he regretted, that one
 /«V, of /lie Society, Mr. Henry Hush,
 should not acquiesce in this sensible arrange
 m nt, but i ntently Sought to embarrass anil
 /nnihr its happy operation ic/on questions
 „tre submitted to the action of the Society.
 W e are glad to add that hut little sympathy
 was shown with him by the audience, and
 that the Society almost unanimously stood for
 the complete integrity of our Anti-Slavery
 oiganization.’’
 Mr. Rush says in his letter before us, that
 this accusation is not true” and further
 says 1 appeal to the chairman of the meet
 ing, and the Executive Committee, who
 would he as likely to know as Frederick
 Douglass if that statement is true. My crime,
 if anv, is, that J talked and voted in opposition
 to Frederick Douglass; and I now assert that
 my views were and are in harmony with the
 majority of the anti-slavery men and women
 of Rochester and Western New York, and
 all previous meetings of the Society/’
 Here, then, is the question in very small
 compass, Wc have assumed in the remarks
 respecting the course of Mr. Rush at the An
 nual Meeting, that lie did not acquiesce in the
 arrangement restricting the voting to the mem"
 hers and friends of the Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society. If Mr. Rush says he
 did acquiesce, we have perhaps done him
 wlong, and are mistaken, and will readily re
 tract our statement, though we should still be
 unable to explain much of his conduct on the
 occasion referred to; for whether intentionally
 or otherwise, his conduct did serve to embar
 rass and hinder the happy opeialion of the
 sensible arrangement in question.—p. D.
 I r gives us pleasure to note the progress ol
 liberal sentiments in this community, and tc
 show in just what estimate the cause ot otu
 despised race is to he held by tilt
 people of tht' North generally. The follow
 ing notices are front Rochester papers, ant
 show that prejudice against color, howevei
 stiung, is not invincible, and that a lugl
 moral sense and intelligence must event nail)
 ttiumph over it.—r. n.
 •The North Star.—This paper, edited bv
 Frederick Douglass and M. R. Delany, am
 published in this city by Mr. John Dick, has
 entered upon its second vyiuine with, as wt
 are happy to learn, encouraging prospects
 success. Whatever opinions people may haw
 of the peculiarities of the Slur, it labors lion
 estly and zealously lor the elevation of tin
 race to whose interests it is devoted, and ai
 such, deserves encouragement and support.
 Ikuunrat.
 Fheijekick Doi ulass’ Em ti ke. Mr
 Douglass delivered the first of his course ol
 lectures on American Slavery, at Minerva
 Hall, on Sunday evening last, to a large and
 respectable audience—when we say kenpmt
 aDi.t, we mean intelligent, well-behaved per
 sdna, w ithout reference to fantastic dress ot
 pecuniary circumstance*.
 Mr. 1). spoke about an hour and a half, in
 his usually pleasant manner, dwelling mostly
 on the sufferings of the Southern slave, and
 lelalwig facts, some of which came under his
 own observation, to show how completely the
 giant evil outraged every high and holy senti
 ment of humanity, and set at defiance every
 principle of justice and lighteous law.
 In reviewing the question of the relative
 difference between the white and colored races
 —from whence the strongest pro-slavery ar
 gument, if it can be called argument, is do
 med, Douglass wanned into that eloquence
 which the subject is susceptible of bunging
 out from one who feels within himself that
 evidence winch invalidates tilt* too-oftcn ac
 credited ude: and when he reminded his
 Anglo-Saxon hearers, that the proud Norman
 once trod noon ihe necks of their ancestors,
 the Saxon sl.ive, it was clear that the mental
 power ol a fugitive slave held sway over sev
 eral hundred half emancipated American re
 publicans.
 I pon the whole, the meeting was a profita
 ble one, and will »&gt;e productive of good. We
 *.«w several ol our “mniburumg” Democrats
 t here, at.d others, wbu have not been in the
 habit of attending lectures „f this kind so
 ibe seed has lalleii upon ground which the
 late political campaign has broken, and we
 trust that it may yield much ftuit. The next
 lecture will be on Sunday eveniug, at the same
 place—the course to occupy six consecutive
 Sunday nights.—.W/o/urf litfonnir.
 A Fact. —Two millions of dollars worth
 of gold dust is at San Francisco, w aiting u
 be transported to the Foiled States, and her*
 are we sellihg a patter worth the whole of i
 for unx rkNT! ChronotyjK.
 We learn from Kentucky that Mr. t laj
 will be elected IJ. S. Senator. So nays ih&lt;
 N. V. Tribune.
Communications.
The Wert-lhe West t
 Friend Dot class —I ami happy lo find
 that the- principle* and fact* of my funner
 communication were agreeable with your opin
 ion and that the small objection which you
 make, relate* only to the propriety of a term.
 But after 1 shall hare called your attention to
 my full meaning and design, I do not appre
 hend that ereu that objection will remain m
 your mind. By “a Christian Convention," I
 meant a meeting in w hich the principles of the
 gospel of our Saviour should be exhibited and
 his doctrine* enforced. This i* the extetit ol
 my idea, and no more. You know, my
 esteemed friend, that,in those tiroes upon
 which we are cast, it is customary for
 men when they are about to act in public ca
 pacities, to define their positions, and to erect
 their platforms. My position is defined by
 Christ, and by him was my platform laid^—
 Hr came not to call the righteous ones, hut
 sinners to repentance. On this principle, I
 would have a general meeting called, and in
 i ite men and women to come to the rescue—
 yes, let sinner* come as well as saints. Such
 a meeting at first, I presume, would be small,
 hut that would not be discouraging. There
 are not many majestic streams that spring from
 large sources. l hev are usually small at
 first, but as they How onward, they receive
 additions from various tributaries. So it may
 be with an enterprise like ours. At the first,
 we must start in an apparently insignificant
 and trail vessel; but when we are about to
 approach the great ocean of a nation's im
 provement, we can launch a ship which shall
 be freighted with the best interests of our race.
 From her masts shall stream the standard of
 the cross the Captain of our Salvation shall
 guide the helm, and the breath of heaven
 will Swell her sails. 1 am thoroughly con
 vinced that the colored race in America must,
 m their ascent, avoid the old beaten and nar
 row path. We must organize anew, on the
 broad platform of the gospel. In such an
 organization, the Church, the Pi ess, Science,
 Literature, the Arts and Agriculture, will lie
 promoted.
 The stars of our people on this
 continent, will arise in the West and South.
 Many will doubt this; but whoever shall
 w rite our history a hundred years hence, will
 record as a fact what may now be regarded as
 a mere chimera. Those who dwell in the
 Eastern and Middle States will be crushed to
 death by old aristocractic anangements, and
 by the ponderous wheels of wealth and the
 various forms of monopoly. The more sensi
 ble will seek the shores of the Creat Lakes,
 or fix their homes on the greeu prairies; the
 unwise w ill stand still and die. In the South,
 the chains will fall off, and freedom will
 daw n and on the ground where my people
 shall he emancipated, they will become the
 i artisans and laborers, and, as is the case in
 the West Indies, many of them will become
 the owners of the fields which they once cul
 tivated without requital.
 These being my views, 1 find myself con
 flicting with a doctrine which you advanced
 last week, wherein you say that we must
 banish all thoughts of emigration from our
 minds, and resolve to slay just where we
 are.” Wherever other men immigrate, there
 should we be found. Emigration is often the
 source of wealth, prosperity, and independ
 ence. Indeed, we do colonize where other
 people go, but we generally wait until they
 j have had the first choice, and then we come
 i|n for the scraps. I would to God that wt
 were scattered over the entire West anc
 South-west: then should we have had homes
 in Michigan, Wisconsin, lowa and Illinois.
 My heart would rejoice if 1 could see many ol
 of our New* England brethren following tin
 good example of Frederick Douglass and Win
 C Nell, and making Western New Yorl
 their homes. They have intelligence, piety
 and souse jiecuniary means. You have, mi
 brother, most gloriously proved my point, hi
 coining amongst us, and establishing in lh&lt;
 sky of our long unbroken night, that peerlesi
 I geiu—the Nokth Stab. Thank heaven fo
 it! Long may its rays scatter tokens of re
 demplion on the pathway of the fugitive, am
 on the minds of the sons and daughters o
 Africa.* I hesitate not to say, that my mind
 ol late, has greatly changed t in regard ti
 the American Colonization scheme. So fa
 as it benefits the laud of inv fathers, I bid i
 (iod-speed hut .-o far as it denies the possi
 bility ot our elevation here, 1 oppose it.
 would rather see a man free in Liberia, than:
 slave in the 1 mted States. In every countri
 and in every nation, I desire to see men living
 in the love ot Cod. In Western New York
 we have the means ot our elevation arouni
 us, and all that we need are men. May Got
 1 send them in the iuHness of Ids spirit!
 HENRY H. GARNET.
 GkNtcVA, Jan. 21, 1 m4B.
 IF? We should be glad lo know whal
 1 friend Garnet means by the old and beatei
 1 path.” If he means to say that the agencies
 i J O
 that have been, and are nota used, for th&lt;
 overthrow' of slavery, are inefficient to lira
 end, we must, of course, beg have to difle
 from him.—r. d.
 ___
 t utored JMeu’s Convention.
 We have received a letter from our friend
 Geo. Ji. William*, enclosing i|,e following
 account, from the Ohio Standard, of the Con
 volition recently held in Columbus, O. Agi
 tate agitate agitate
 A Convention of the ('’olored Freemen o
 the State of Ohio has been in session m thu
 city for several days, and is numerously at
 tended by intelligent and resj&gt;ertahle mei
 from all part* of the State. It was organize*
 on Wednesday, m the Methodist Fpisoopa
 Church on street, by the ap|»oiiitment o
 j Charles Esq., of Chillieothe, a;
 President, with the usual number of Vice
 j Presidents and Secretaries.
 On Thursday pursuant to penni*
 sum obtained for the purpose, the Conveatioi
 met in the Hall of Representatives. Thi
 meeting itself, aside from the unusually inter
 eating nature of the exercises, is an inciden
 well worthy of reflection and remark. Tin
 colored man has been allowed to come up
 without insult and w ithout reproach— toente
 into a place hitherto deemed sacred to th&lt;
 white man alone, *od standing there, to plea
 i the right to be deemed a man and a brother
 1 and to claim a community of interest in a]
 that appertains to humanity—to say “ou
 .■God,” and to beg pernuaeion to say“ot&gt;
 i country.”
 A prepared address was delivered by Wn
 H. Day, a young man from Oberiin, upo
 the subject ot the grievances which the colore
 people of the United States, both tu slaver
 and eiiiannpated, suffer in comparison wit
 those borne by the father* of this Republic
under the rule of Great Bn lain, before the
 Revolution. The parallels drawa bait ween
 1 the two cases were extremely striking and
 forcible, and for beauty of composition and
 propriety of delivery, ibe oral ion would
 bear a comparison with the labored efforts
 of men of tar greater fame and far higher
 pretensions.
 At ibe ekwe of Mr. Day's address, the au
 dience was agreeably entertained by aupeecb
 from John M- Watson, of Cleveland. Mr.
 Watson announced himself as a native born
 citizen of Virginia, the land of Washington,
 and a self-emancipated slave. He thought
 that he might recommend himself and his
 remarks to the Democrats present, by the fact
 that lie was born upon the same soil, and bad
 breathed the air that blew over the same hills,
 with Thomas Jefferson. An emigrant from a
 sister State, he came here to beg as a booo
 the bestowal upon him and those who were in
 hi* situation, of those privilege* which were
 freely granted as a right to the emigrant from
 Ireland or from Germany. He went into an
 examination of the black laws, their constitu
 tionality, and their legal and moral effect.—
 They work, he said, degradation lo the black
 and disgrace to the white man. If they are
 a dcail letter, why leave them as a monument
 of the barbarism of the past; if they hre a
 Irving law, interpose to prevent the horrid in
 justice of w hich they may be made the instru
 ments in future.
 The address was a stiong and a good one,
 and was enlivened by sparks of genuine wit,
 which elicited frequent and tumultuous ap
 plause. The speaker himself was an evi
 dence of what a soul can do, even under the
 pressure of extraordinary difficulties. In his
 ■Case it has made a man.
 The meeting was enlivened by some fine
 singing, and was a model of all that was de
 corous and respectable.
The Southern Convention
 In relation to this Convention, the corres
 pondent of the New York Courier, under date
 of Washington, Jan. 13, says—After an ex
 citing session of five hours, the General Com
 mittee of the Southern States has just ad
 journed. Tne policy of reporting Mr. Cal
 houn's address to the caucus on Monday, was
 the principal subject under consideration.
 Every member in the committee participated
 in the debate, but the. speech of Mr. Rusk, of
 Texas, was on all hands conceded to have
 made the profoundest impression. He resisted
 any action on behalf of the South, but such
 as asserted her rights under the Constitution
 and 1 moil. For these he would contend at
 at all hazards, and bequeath resistance, as a
 legacy to his children. Dissolution was not
 a remedy, it was the worst of calamities that
 could befall any portion of the confederacy.
 Mr. Calhoun endeavored to impair his pur
 pose by intimidation and persuasion, but both
 equally failed. Mr. Rusk admitted his per
 sonal obligations to that distinguished Senator,
 and his friendship towards Texas but his
 oath to the Constitution, and his sense of du
 ty, required at a time like the present, that he
 should forget all such considerations, in high
 er demands of fidelity the Union. Mr.
 Foote, Mr. Baily, Mr/ King, Mr. Venable
 and others, endeavored to shake his deter
 mination, but without effect. They urged
 the regard that had been evinced to Texas,
 and claimed that in a moment, such as this
 gratitude demanded a requital, and the South
 expected her co-operation.
 Mr. Gentry, it is understood, resisted the
 address with considerable eloquence and abil
 ity. He opposed the conclusion, recommend
 ing union and concert as inconsistent with the
 declarations of its author, who had declared
 that the Legislatures and people of the South
 were already united. If this was so, what
 was the need of such a recommendation If
 there were covert designs masked under the
 manifesto, looking to means of redress which
 were not disclosed, he could sanction a pro
 ceeding so disingenuous. He was for ex
 hausting the constitutional remedies, before
 adopting any forcible alternative. Mr. Ste
 phens concluded the dehate, and the address
 Was finally ordered to be reported to the cau
 cus, by a majority of one. Ayes—Messrs.
 Atchiuson, Borland, Bayley, Calhoun, Dowjis,
 Foote, King and Venable. Nays—Clayton,
 Cabell, Chapman, Gentry, Morehead, Rusk,
 Stephens.
 Pending the- discussion, Mr. Chapman, of
 Maryland, offered a resolution, declaring it to
 Ibe inexpedient for the members from the
 South, to assume any other position than that
 demanded by their duty as Senators and Rep
 resentatives, This was voted down by the
 same divsion that occurred on the foregoing
 test.
 I have not attempted to give anything but
 a bird’s eye view of the proceedings, and to
 stale results in which the country is now so
 deeply interested. It may be necessary to
 r enlarge moie in a subsequent letter.
 At this moment, it is doubtful whether the
 opposing portion of the South will attend the
 caucus on Monday night, or, satisfied with
 i what has occurred, will conclude to absent
 r i themselves from any farther participation.
 !In a word, the sign is auspicious, and if the
 North comes up to sustain our Southern
 friends in anything like a fair spirit, the gloo
 l my anticipation of disunion and civil strife
 j may be avoided.
 The Philadelphia North American has the
 following from its Washington Correspon
 -1 dent
 1 Washington Jan. 15, U P. M.
 After the organization of the .meeting,
 and the transaction of some preliminary busi
 ness, Mr, Calhoun submitted the report
 1 adopted by a majority of the Committee ol
 fifteen, which was lead.
 [J Mr. Foote then moved|to take the address
 just submitted out of the possession of the
 I meeting, his object being to give to that docu
 ment a private character, that those only
 should be accountable for it who might choose
 to give it the sanction of their signatures.
 This motion was ruled to be out of order,
 and the address being before the meeting,
 Mr. Clayton opposedjts adoption iu a speech
 of great power and ability. He portrayed in
 1 glowing colors the danger and impolicy ol
 j merely sectional movements, and deprecated
 all snch as inconsistent with the duties "m
 i national legislators, and calculated to impaii
 i the stability of the Union. Mr. Bayly it
 1 now replying. There are about ninety Mem
 bers present.
 1 o'clock, A. M. —The address, after a
 i vigorous discussion, in which several par
 ticipated on both sides, was reamviuUtd by a
 1 inajurily of two. This result produced con
 -1 siderable excitement, and obviously alarmed
 l as well as astonished some of the more viol
 j ent members of the Convention, or more
 j properly speaking, the Caucus.
 I A motion was made to adjourn tint die, bul
 this failed by a decided vole, as many of those
 f 1 who were opposed to an extreme course, ai
 i the same time did not wish to prevent future
 discussion. A geneial feeling ot dissatisfac
 i. non, however, prevails in regard to the whole
 1 movement, and the purposes to which certain
 I ultra leaders have attempted lo wrest it|; and
 fll aiu confident that a portion—and a very
 respectable portion —of the South will de
 el me all farther connection with it.
 i At the time of preparing this dispatch, s
 fragment of the meeting is engaged in a di»
 i cussiou as to the time when the Genera
 Committee shall meet again.
 t: From the same paper, uqder date,
 j Washington, Jan. 16, 1649,
 The proposition introduced by Mr. Foot*
 r to allow the address to be signed by sud
 I only as accepted it, is regarded as an unvror
 1 i thy ruse to smuggle s paper through, to t*
 j sent out to the country as the expression o
 1 the "Southern Delegation in Congress,” sod
 being the caption of the Address. Thu wai
 not the only attempt lo carry by stratagea
 what the unequivocal sentiment of the Can
 cus had refused to adopt,
 a Although many of the Southern Loco-Foe**
 1 voluntarily expressed themselves, in ptivali
 r intercourse, as Jmsuie to the manifesto, Uwr
 i» lacked the courage to meet the question fairl]
 when it vraa presented, and anoenab to a die
tatiun which they were willing, bnt afraid to
 resist. Thus although Mr. Clayton, who
 opened the debate on the address, and dosed
 1 with a motion to lay it on the table, waived
 his right to compel a division, and permitted
 (the discommon to be freely punned—when he
 did insist after some boors of pvofiUes gas
 conade from Mr. liayly, Mr. .Wescou, and.
 Mr. J. Davis, to bring the question home,'
 It hey refused to sustain bun, there being but
 27 ayes, sad 55 nays.
 After this failure to get a direct expression!
 of disapprobation, the test was made upon
 Mr. Benien's proposition to recommit the
 Address to the Committee. with instructions'
 to report an Appeal to the People ot the,
 i whole Union, in digiyfied and temperate terms'
 setting forth the eonsequanees that would l
 j inevitably ensue Irom a continuencc ot tbej
 1 movements which had been recently witnessed
 to CongTPss. Mr. McKay insisted upon a
 division of the motion, so that the
 would occur upon the recommitment, with
 out the instruction*. This step was in fla
 grant hostility to the wishes of Mr. Calhoun,;
 and all his influence was employed to defeat i
 it and keep the Address before the meeting.'
 A vote was taken, the result of which was
 41 Ayes to 42 Nays.
 It may be read ly discovered from this vote,
 that Mr. Calhoun.'s defeat was overw helming,
 I for he had the advantage of support, which,
 upon a final test, of accepting or rejecting the
 address, would have recorded themselves in!
 the negative, or escaped from the hall v
 Mr. Stephens then proposed to adjourn sine
 du, but the regular troops rallied the doubtful
 to their aid, and it failed by 22 Ayes to 57;
 Nays. It is worthy of remark, in this con-!
 neciion, that Mr. McLane of Md. and gentle- 1
 men of his stamp, opposed the motion of Mr.:
 Clayton and Mr. Stephens, while they sua
 taiyed that of Mr. Berrien, amended by Mr.
 McKay, which in effect produced the .same*
 result. I rite the fact to show, ihat they 1
 were indisposed to meet the responsibility of)
 their whole duty and yet willing to strike an
 i equally effective blow by. indirect means, i
 They were faithless to themselves as well as
 to Mr. Clhoun, whom they had not the nerve
 loencountei in an open and manly engage
 ment.
 The recommitment was an effectual quietus'
 to the movement; for Mr. Clayton lumediately
 rose and stated that, as he had participated in
 the proceedings of the meeting and Com-;
 mittees in the hope of giving a judicious
 direction to the proceedings and of promoting
 wise counsels, he would no longer serve-on
 any Committee or participate in any future
 meetings. My telegraphic dispatch of this
 date has informed the public that Mr. Stepheus,
 Mr. Chapman, Mr Morehead and Mr. Rusk
 j also withdrew from the General Committee.
 Gov. Metcalf, in accordance with his duty
 as the presiding officer of the meeting, will
 I supply the vacancies, and an effort will be
 made to contrive another caucus for next
 Monday night. If the present temper con-t
 tinues—and I see no reason why it should
 falter—a failure is inevitable. Mr. Calhoun
 may issue his address, but he must incur the
 odium of acting for and through a faction,'
 j and not on behalf of the united South. The
 i disunionists are down, and they cannot revive
 i hut by intemperate agitation. Shall they be
 j allowed the opportunity 1 Indkpendent.
Correspondence of the Tribune.
 Washington, Jan. 16.
 Among the reasons assigned for not open
 ing the doors to the reporters and to the pub
 lic, last evening, was one, stating that the
 journals of the doings would have been
 published, and furthermore, that had the
 public been admitted, there would have been
 danger of excitement and uproar in the gal
 leries as discussion might progress.
 Mr. Venable of N. C. read the Address,
 which was drawn up by Mr. Calhoun, with
 Mr. Bayley’s assistance. Speeches were
 made against the Address by Mr. Clayton of
 Delaware, Mr. Stephens, and Mr. Toombs ot
 Geo. Mr. Morehead and Mr. Underwood of
 Ky, and Mr. Gentry of Tenn.; and the Ad
 dress was advocated by Mr. Calhoun, Mr.
 Bayley* Mr. Gayle of Ala; Mr. Mason of Va.
 Mr. Westcott of Fla. Jefferson Davis of Miss.
 Speeches in favor of action, hut for modifying
 the Address, were made by Mr. Berrien and
 Mr. McKay.
 The address was opposed on several
 grounds, one that it asserts that organized
 bodies of men existed through ihe States,
 reaching into Canada, to aid Slaves in escap
 ing from service. The proof of this position
 was wanting. Another reason was, the ad
 dress declared that the North had raised a
 false issue by charging the South with legis
 lating in Congress, with the view of extend
 ing Slavery, while the South openly denied
 the charge and proclaimed thru there was nc
 authority to restrict or expand Slavery.
 Mr. Toombs could not sanction this, as he
 had taken opposite grounds in Congress the
 last session. Another reason for opposing
 the address was that it proposed no definite
 chart for*action, but left all to risk as to the
 future.
 The address was finally recommitted to the
 same Committee, without instruction.
 Mr. Berrien moved instructions, but they
 were rejected. The Committee is to report
 next Monday evening, till w hen the meeting
 stands adjourned.
 ►Several membeis of the Committee got
 excused from farther serving; among them
 were Mr. Stephens, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Rusk,
 Mr.'Chapman and Mr. Morelit-ad.
 The address gives an enumeration otl what
 the South regard as acts of aggression by the
 North upon the institution of Slavery as
 guaranteed by the Constitution.
 The following Resolutions were presented
 in the Congressional Caucus by Senator Rusk
 of Texas, a*, a substitute tor Mr. Calhoun's
 Address:
 Resolved, That this country look upon the
 Union as the only safe guaranty of Republi
 can and Constitutional liberty*
 Resolved, That a strict adherence to the
 letter and spirit of the Constitution, iu all its
 compromises, is our only safety.
 Resolved. That it is inconsistent with the
 broad principles of Justice, and a palpable in
 fraction on the spirit of the Constitution to
 exclude by legislative enactments any ponioo
 of the citizens of the United States from a
 full and equal participation in the benefits ol
 any territory acquired by the coipmon blood
 and treasure of all the States.
 Resolved, That in our capacity as Repre
 -1 sentatives, we would firmly resist all attempts
 at partial and tlierefore oppressive and unjust
 i legislation, and that we have an abiding con
 fidence in an appeal to the patriotic citizens ol
 every portion of this Confederacy to secure
 1 and protect our constituents in the enjoyment
 of all their Constitutional rights.
 Resolved, That if Northern fanatics and
 politicians persist in carrying out their unjusi
 plans, the American people and the civilized
 I world will hold them responsible for any eon
 sequences that may ensue.
 Hoaxes Gskelm in «P*J to ,he
 objectors to Mr. Gott’s resolution, that it wai
 insulting and incendiary, observe*
 ax* as 181#. Randolph,
 Virginia an extensive and determined slave
 j holder—moved the foßowing resolution
 I Resolved, That Commuiee be appoint*
 to inquire into the existence of an inhuman a ot
 illegal traffic in Slaves, carried on and throug*
 j the District of Columbia, and to report who
 ther anv and what measures are necessary fui
 patting a stop to the
 ViaoisiA.— The Follow.
 rilfe (Va) Democrat ibna sp«uks of the ab
 politioo of Slavery uxihe District:
 “We predict that the act, sboiwhmg sla
 I very and the slave-trade is the District o
 Columbia vißpnut, and that not ooe siavi
 be removed and the Sonot wui retain uiem
 1 NevertheWe, we earnestly hope***, tnfra.
 the entire who* pepobnnn of tim Stare* free
 tbcieprcncbof** tplifhtneed Chnetendwn
 the net may pare.
€ommcrr t 01.
RocitimJat. M. IWJ.
 There an kmc sarnß pwrrrU ,ff Wheat arritraf
 i«l •rttic* at about fl 15. Flour iHaib at fit
 58 f MJ. Cara baa hm hi uni« b»
 borer* at 4Sft44r f la. Time hm hm bat little
 doing in frn* Port (faring this week. Sow* h*»
 were* *Jd at fsts 25 p rwt. New park ia arartb
 fl 3 p hM. Hama an Tr: *hmtklre* Sr: batter
 14c; lard 7c; and dime p B». F.*g» 13
 #lfr per dot.
 Rochester Wb«ie«ale Pncew Carreat.
 FLOUR AWO MCAL—Duty 2u p c »d val
 Flour, P bW 3 0»
 Cura meal, p hush M
 PROVISIONS—Doty^IWf,P.*k,Ha«u*, Baron,
 Rutter and Lard, 2U pr; Cheese 30 pcad v at
 Pork, (me**) 12 00
 |V&gt;. in fa* 4 00 4 50
 Reef, cat. 330 4 50
 Do. bbl. (mere) 7 00 8«&gt;
 ljurd (tried) p 8 45-9
 Do. (leaf,) fi ti
 Haw, (raioked) 7 0.. 9
 Shoo filers, do. 6 &lt;fi&gt; 0
 Turkeys plb
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, b«-h 44 0
 GRAIN —Duty; 20 p r ad val
 Wbeak, bu-h 1 OS
 Cora 50 53
 Rve 4P 30
 Oats 20 27
 Barley 60
 HIDES—Duty; 5 p c ad va!
 Slaughter .3$
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pehs 12| 2i
 SEEDS —Duty; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 20 p
 c ad val
 Clorer
 Timothy .18®
 Flax 1 00
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 pc ad val
 Whitefish bbl 7 Ofl I
 Codfish curt 350 j
 SUNDRIES—
 Sail, p bbl 1 25
 Apples, p bush .00
 Do. dried 75
 Eggs, pdm 10
 Beaus, p bush 75 &lt;9&gt; 1 00
 Hay, p ton 10 00
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
SVbuerticements.
 JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFIC E, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing w ith neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, vis.:
 Hand-hills, Blanks, Bill-head-,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, labels, &amp;c.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to lut
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Beef—Beef—Beef!
 A&amp; J. SHAW, Butclters, 3, Outre Market,
 lieg to return their sincere thanks to the
 citizens of Rochester, for the Tiheral patronage be
 stowed upon them since tliey opened tlic above
 place. Moreover, it is their earnest desire, by
 strict attention to business, and keeping always on
 hand an article of the first quality, to merit a still
 further extension of the patronage already so liber
 ally conferred upon them.
 N.B. They have at present ou hand prize beef of
 the first quality, fed by Mr. Murdoch, Farmer,
 Sandycreck, Orleans County, N. Y.
Cash Grocery and Provision Store.
 No. 133, Main street, comer of North street.
 JUST reeeived a full assortment of new choice
 Groceries:
 15 hhds. sugar of various qualities
 16 bbU Stuar’ts crushed and coffee sugar
 8 hhds Molasses
 Stuart‘B syrup, a beautiful article for table u«e
 16 chests imperial Old Hyson and Young Hyson,
 and Black Teas of superior quality.
 I have as choice a lot of Teas as rail lie found in
 the city; pure fragrant Old Hyson, superior fresh
 selected Young Hyson, and extra black. Every
 pound sold will be warranterl.
 Rice, Raisins, Fiuit, Spices, and a variety of
 miscellaneous articles, too numerous to mention.
 Pork, Lard, and Hams,
 Codfish, Mackerel, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 My prices shall be as low as at any establishment
 in tlie city, as I purchase at the lowest rates i n the
 Eastern market, and sell for cash. Farmers, city
 families, aud dealers are invited to call, examine
 and purchase, if tliev can make their purchases mu
 tually advantageous, as I tmst they ean.
 G. B. BTEBBINS.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1849. 3ui 49
Free Labor Groceries.
 I HAVE just received, and #iall keep constantly
 on liand, a good assortment of
 Brown and White Sugars,
 Molasses, Rice, and Coflee,
 All the products of Fret Labor. Tboae in yyant of
 such goods are invited to purchase, and can he as
 sured of the genuineness of the articles.
 G. B. STEBBINS,
 133,* Maiu, corner of North street.
 Rochester, Dec. 1, 1848. 3tu49
 CIHARLES JONFS, North Star House, .No. 26,
 1 North Street, between Fifth ami Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848. 3m 49
 flew Hatch and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN RF.DZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No.ll, State Street*wliere be is prepared
 successfully to compete in liie .-.ale ot an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold ami Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gobi Guard ami Fob Chain*, Gold Seals ami Keys,
 Gold ami Silver Pencils, Spectacles ami Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pin?, new style; double and
 single limiting gold ami plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell fond** aud Gases,
 Fine Cutlery, Ac. fcr.
 Tlie above ami a variety of &lt;slier desiralde Goods
 usually kej»t in our business, are oliered on more ad
 vantageous terms Ilian usual; ami it is particularly
 desired that the goods shook! \r examined, an.l
 prices ascertained, W«re purchasing elurwhere in
 thin market.
 We inauulacUue ami keep ou liand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spume, w arranted as piue as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will alwo keep an assort went of Accor deem* am)
 other Musical Instruments, which will he *cdd very
 low.
 We inteud U&gt; k*-p a good assortment of the U~t
 Brass Eight slay, 3U hour, ami alarum 'kicks, as can
 be fouttfl iu this city.—fall ami Me them.
 W'ATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particular* at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE It Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmer* in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometer*
 wbkh will give that knowledge of the change, of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his buspwM to iu
 variations. Please rail and examine them, as every
 man ought to ha*e one.
 Sep. 14, 1848. 6m.
ALBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIIs.RO AD
 ON and afier Monday,23dOctober.the three Pass
 enger Trains will be arrange,! as fcJWm*—
 EssTWAVD. —To leave Rochester at 7 A.w .&amp;t
 a.*., and r.M.
 WtiTtViUi.—Tn have Aabrea at 2| a.u.,4
 a.and 41 r.n.
 No Train leaves Rochester Eastward &lt;m Sundav
 s&lt; 11 a. M. or at 71
 Ne Train k»vw Auburn Westward cm Sunday, at
 4| a.*., nor on Monday at 24 a.*.
 Oa and a*W the 1* November, dm fare between
 Rochester ami Admni will be $230 iu fast dam
 cars. Tkheu will aim be sold cnthliac tin- holder
 to a sent in the Emigrant can leaving Rochester at
 74 T. reduced prkcs.tn be pahLhed hereaf
 ter.
 These tickle are hum Rochester in Syraeree,
 Uttca and Afareyooly, gomg Earn. This tnua is
 timed to run InAlanym 18 horns hum RneUstev.
 T* tm n l nm m U
■alr-Ciitfßff tii tnifM at
 pjUdPjH.rRANCfS’e Baiaow, under dm bfh
ROOM, Jtc., F«t Sub- the
 ■D Orrict kßtuuvb Root, No. 25 Bwffsk*
 *t.. Bemud Siuo the Airwh:
 Narrative &lt;ff Frederick Duiffos.
 JwtrtfM Wzklt.
 Portrait
 Spnmer tm I’onmAtitofionAThy »f Slavery.
 W. rVilbpK reply to No.
 Legion of liberty.
 Slavery ilhn-t rated by its eflrri no Wsann.
 Ab» a rich *«wt» of l ory aud orhl vrte-le.
 made by the Ladie*’ A«ti^hmt9anrtv.
DR. A. CLARK.
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectful!} inform the ritiarn-of ffcWurr
 aud wirr.mnditot conutry, (kit t have removed my
 ufhr from No. Sooth’* Arcade to jaty dwefling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hnnkfol for put favors m the Ime of my profw
 si&gt;Ni. ami flattering myself that I can give prefect
 satisfaction to all who may- favor nr with thrnr pa
 trouage. I would iuvifo all those who are ilr
 sin ml- of having operations pr&lt;i..imed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me ami satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operation* perfonned by nr &lt;»n the
 teeth ami Plate Work wamuue I.
 R.site -ter, CV-i. 13, 1948. tf.
NEW PIMP FUTORt.
 THE suhscriler takes this method to inform the
 citizens of Rochester ami vicinity, that la* leu
 jiut established a Puiup Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, where la- trill be happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line of
 l*i*iue*.«, lie pledges himself to furnish as good an
 articles and ot as good material, as can he procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. Hu
 Pumps are furnished w ith either wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers, lie also .-u-pplic .to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The •nfaicriner will take plep-ure iu directing such
 of his customer- as may require (be inforuiation, to
 competent workmen, \\fa&gt; will attend to all calL tor
 digging, drilling, or hla-ting wells, promptly, and at
 rvnsmnhle rate-. AH kinds of Pinups repaired* to
 order.
 Tiie alxive work will he furnished at the
 lowest prices, lor cash. Persons will do well to
 live him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1948. 1y29
 New aud Second-Hand (lollihiir,
 At 48, Exchange Street, Rochester.
 LLOYI) SCOTT would most respectfully inform
 bis friends and tlie Public generally, that he ha
 constantly on hand an excellent assortment ot New
 and Second Hand Clothing, such as Coats, Pauta
 loons, Vests, &amp;c., with wlihli lie will supply
 Customers at the most reasonable Prices.
 1.. 8. ilesires also to inform the Public, that lie
 attends to repairing and renovating, which lie war
 rants to be done at tlie cheapest rate, and in the
 best and neatest possible manner. His long exjiei i
 dice in the business warrants him in assuring all
 who may patronize him, that his work sliall lie done
 to their entire satisfaction.
 Rochester, July 14, 194.8.
THINKS! THINKS!
 THE first quality of article is to lie had at LAING
 BON NELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 •State Street, Roeliester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, Re., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed iu the latest style
 and with dirputch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. 1.. having had extensive experience in the
 markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who-hall favor him with their pa
 ll image.
 Rochester, July 14, 1949. 3m
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Chemicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glas.-ware, Brushes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German Chemicals, Artists*
 Colors, Brudies and Canvass, Etlierial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Being Agents for most of tin* celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from tlie Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wholesale
 and retail, on tlte most favorable terms.
 Homoeopathic Rooks, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood's Vibratory Magnetic. Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also F.tlierial Oil and Lumps, for
 Imruiug tlie same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy ai(d convenience are invited to examine these
 j I-imps. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and otliers, w i-liing goods in tlie
 above line, is requested at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
FI K A\D SILK HITS.
 FARRINGTON PRICE, manufacturer and
 dealer in Fur and Silk H it*, f loth ami Fur
 Gaps, Ladle*’ Fur* and Trimmings, Buffalo Robe?
 aud an assortment of Hat Cases, Umbrellas, &amp;c.,
 Ac. &amp;c., No. 2, St. Paul Street, Minerva Block.
 A usual supply of Buckskin Gloves and
 Mittens.
ROCHESTER SHOP AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 I 1 ME subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by .w hich tliey are enabled
 to offer the mo.-t satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the ale or manufacture of Boots and Sheet,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 Tliey are also offering ou the most favorable term*,
 a large stock of Sole and Upnei leather, Kip, Calf,
 aiui Morocco Skins, with a lull assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Peg*, Ac, Dealers will find it
 greatly to their intere. t to examine our stock fetore
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE A PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 E are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mill.
 V wliere Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth A atp
 ply of News and Book Paper kept rr&gt;n.stanily lor
 sale by us, at Mill prices in large or small lot:.
 Any fcize ami quality of Paper not on band, fur
 nished at -hoft notice.
 Printer.- and others w ill do well to call aud exam
 ine die quality and price, at No/6 Exchange st.
 FISHER it Co.
 jy2l Bookselleris and Publisher-.
BOSTON ADVERTISE.!!EATS.
ICEW HifOKS.
 L’OR SALE at the Anti-Slavery iVpoeitory, 21,
 4- Gornbiil —namely
 The Liberty B«ll for 1818. few copies remain.
 Lite of William Brown, 2d Edition, with midi
 lionai-tnalter and new engraving*. Price, l.sui.l,
 374 cm; in |&gt;ap,-r trover-, 25 cl.-.
 Mr. MWkftinl’i Af&gt;(■*-.■ I in regard i«&gt; the War with
 Me* ieo, 124 ci*.
 Position 1,1.1 Itulie* of die North, with regard to
 Slavery. B_&gt; Andrew P. Peabotly. 5 ib.
 Six Mouth* at GraHenhrrg. By Henry G. Wright.
 hMJtI.
 Di* k Crownnig-hteki, the zmaoui, aud Zachary
 laylfir, tlie Soklier; the Difference tr tween
 •hern. By Henry G. Wright. 3 rtf. single; 23
 rt*. per (k«en.
C I, ARKS O S,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW rotm* of GLI HIXSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remark* on the rulnecuM-nl
 abohtMU of Slavery; a beautiful Lrmdon edit km,
 w nil a hue p.wtrait &lt;4 the Author, dune on sier I,—«
 Gmk w hick cot At not imported kv« titan three
 dollar*, can he had at 21, CorabiM, if applied for
 immediately, at the very Sow price of Owe Dofr.aa,
 cadi. Mao, EILOGU M ON GL.VKKsON.by
 AuitvblK CaCMfIKLL, at the reduced pre .4
 twelve and a half rent*.
MAG*ON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Connie Ik,r
 at Law. Murerhifiiu Block.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 OAMLEL WILSON, 18, Beattie Street,having
 O made recent miditiore to hi* Mori, m prepared to
 furnish HOYS’ CUVI'HINO, rtf a* material
 and lit, aud at a* cheap price*, a* can be obtained ia
 die city.
NEW ENGLAND SWUM) HAND
 CLOTHING STORK,
 K». M, Da ion SrattT, Bo«to*.
 JOHN WRIGHT keep* ttmm»tubf om hare! a
 great variety &lt;4 New and-gacoad Rand Gtuhing
 fiotid* of all kinds, sack as old rVtthr*, W I good*,
 Wairfcre. Bwu and Shore, Ac., k-r aew
 ehahiac. Greh adeaared an all kinds rtf «sud*.
 bunt one to one hundred dollar..
 TBAAC H. SNOWDEN. Book. Ffewspnpsr. arel
I
 HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 TilF. Milsrf’sf hu removed to that neat, cower.
 1 meet, and central hoarding-katur. NV t\ Gwni
 Court, where he will be nrat happy to welrome «nmr
 iff (hr Friend* of Reform, at r barge-
 He w isbr- his bower to be the central pface B*.-
 uwt. where the firiewfaof Tetaporanre. Peace. Puvnv,
 Free tom. it* Prinonev, Ac. may meet ami
 npy a oiwielahlr tmi ijisri Isw
 (’ourzl IVawt isew at 23S Wa*fangl«»n *iw
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Rostnn, Aof. ?l. 1948.
 THOMAS p SMITH. No. Brattle Streei.
 fit* of the ty.ldew R-«IL New and B*eon&lt;l
 hand Onlhiitg Store.
Tfcr )laisarkasfm(|iirlfrl)Rfrk«(
 ffbtMMIAt'F.D m the fir*t iff Ifovnlef, 1947.
 V to Ic cmimtaf,! vN&lt; lrt 4 4fr h. Jane, nn.l
 and Scj.tender. It ».11 t*. devote,] to the mteve-t
 of no |Mity or cfa*.,lan ,t* coodwrioc- w ill etidea
 tor to pre-e„t an .qwa ami fair field for the notice
 aiid diM'ii— -.it matters |evt.ii..i, t&lt; lt
 I *4tt»cs, I.itcratiav. Religion.-and Htwiuo.lv.
 Tiy- Review will he cow forte. I I* R W. Faker
 son. Phe -U-t Parker, ami J. I.litot t'ahot, assisted
 hy several otlier geiiileoien.
 Each min.lcr «ill contain aNnit 125 page*, at the
 |x ice ff J a year, in adv.uice
 t omnium, tttons, -üb-*r.pti. uts. k.’ *ho»*ld b*
 •ddressevl to the PuNi-her-.
 ('Of)I.IIM(E 4 W I LEY,
 12, M ater Sttret. Bostou
 ROBF.R 1 MoßKlb. Jk., Attorney atxi Coun
 sellor it 1 —vw Knurl'* Building, Slate Street,
 Boston,
JOHN D. REA A LEON, Hvir (utting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, BL\rk«tone-4t
NEW TOKk IHVEHTISK&gt;!ENTS.
JI ST PUBLISHED, and fiir ~ik- at the ofti.-e of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 &gt;lV I ejion of Lilieriy, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 Tin work contains about 2.4 J pages of ck&gt;*e
 reading; 3t)U eminent authorities, and tboiit sixtv
 illustrative engravings. Price m muslin,
 j and 25 cents in paper rovers, A veiy liberal di-
 count t*&gt; those win* purchase a nuinN'r ol c&lt;&gt;pie
 Tlw Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 omen,from various author?, 12J cent*.
 1 Letter to the People of tlie I nited State;, tottchn.g
 the Al itter of Slavery. Bi Theodore Parker
 pp, 120. Price I*«4 cent*.
 AA m. AA Brown’s Lecture lie fore the Female A 8.
 Society of Salem, Ala*i. Rej-irtrd liv II. M.
 Parkiiurst, Bo ton —|&gt;p. 22. Price 5 cent
j lITILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 j *V (’berry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Bmad
 way.
 ’I 1 JINNINt.S, Surgeon-Dent 1* l, 195, North
 A Broadway.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, 800 l and Shoe Alaker,
 •J No. 97, Cianlieiy Siret t. Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the slim test
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
 PHILIP A. AA HITE, Druggi-t, corner of Frank
 fort an.l t .old Street.
 GENTEEL HOARDING HOUSE.
 ./Ml ARLES lIIGIIGATK, would iVsjiectfiilb in
 J form his friends and the public, that fie coin nines
 to devote every attention to those plca-cl to Imn
 j his Imme” with a rail. Tlie lioii-c i- ph i.aotly
 fix ated al 632 Broadwav, Albany.
 Feb. IS, ISIS.
II r lI.LIAM RICH, Hair Dre-.-mg and P•alhlllg
 W Salixm, Tmy Hcai.-e, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A FF.AV DAYS,
 W AA vi k nt’s Aepr.Ai with a brief sketch of
 hi- life by Henry tfighbiiid Hamit.
 Also, GaKN Ut’s Address in the Slaves of the ('si
 ted States. Ttiis-addres* was rejected by die Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo iu I*l3. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies w ill do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PI RLISIILD, a Lecture entitled Tit r
 Past and Prksknt Conuiiion or rit i t'..ion
 fit Racf, by Henri/ Highland Unmet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. U,der attended to.
 April 29, Hui.
Lmpfal Inlellifffiue Ofiicr.
 GJKO. GOINFS hitving t&gt;|ieiicd :m Eftabli*it
 -1 incut ill the PIMI.XIIELPMIX Insihiii,
 GmJord Street, almvc Seventh, tin the pi»i|»&gt;*c ,i
 procuring honest and faithful domestic, tin tlm-,
 wlm may require them, and obi lining place* for
 such a- are qualified and in w-ruit thereof, leg* lent*
 to refer to the t olio wing named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the u e of 111.11 name*
 RVFKRK.K t s:
 Atiorcw M’Makin Editor of tin* Anwriran Gunner
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publislier **t die Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Ga/eti*
 Tim*. B. Florence, Editor ol 1 lines md Kct im.e
 Rolieit Howell, 88, t’liesiiut Street
 Hlllialii J Milileii, 278, G.ithei iue Street.
 Pliiladelphi 1, Sept. 1,1818. v pjf
DR. D. J. PM K, Physician Surgeon, I’lo
 liilelpl.ia Institute, LomliarJ Str.'et, ;,|.„ve
 Seventh. 7 l v
 FREE PRODffG’K store.
 NEW GOODS just rer&gt;.t el. fienertl reduction
 in price?.
 f ine 4-1 Print v.iriou jnl*..
 New styles ol Punt; d OHdiulu qii.tlin ,n Ualwnllh
 Fine rwid wide Paper Mu tin-,. Also t ohoe-i
 Gamhiir*.
 Curtail, Calico. Suf-enor tine Chintz i tnb&lt;ell&lt;*.
 Oil .‘loth*.
 Satiiieu, go&lt;*l and rlieap. Vho on liand, mostlv at
 redmed price-, G nuhau, ,v,ii...i iiualilu ami
 style*.
 Fine and heavy Shifting, teiii,.-;-, an.l I’illow*
 Mu lm?.
 Striped Cainl.rir* Fmef, l pl,»„| Mn-lni.
 Muhlin tie Lame, plain and i.eallv figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free front cotton
 Flannel* 4 1 good and pr... low. 4 anton ft irm,
 white aiwt colored.
 Table Diaper ami Cloth?, of difleient lyU
 Apron and l urniiuiei Vrl t ort Hnniki it |„ef
 Cotton Twilled Piniahe-.i Mutt AUo la/.en
 Drilling, Ac.
 lamg amt half fuw ji .1 ,t,
 Knitting Cotton, t .non- Nide.w lied, la.,u 11
 colored.
 \Vathling, while arid r-okaed C..|fofi
 Relined I .mi I, Cm lietl, and Pnhenred Sug
 Brown Siig.ii, g««»l -ju.dii,, of i irmu „J,
 Tl»e wle-le Irak eve hi' ...J, free l,k, t«a-d.,
 to which lie- Subwcriljer woohl invite the attention
 of country 11* nlwnii, a* well a- hi* friciKl- ind liie
 public generally.
 Much pains i* uken l&gt;y the M imgerv of tlie Fie*
 priaiure Association, to as 1 t tin* to en
 large tin- a? sort meat from time u&gt; iim.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest cotm r Fifth ami Cherry .1
 Phiiaitelplita 2tl mo. Ist, 1848. if
Free Labor
 \r\ N RED by lint American Free I ro
 jJl -hire Areocwtum, arel n*- .ah at So. Sl N r th
 F ifth-*Ure»-t, PinUiielpbui:
 Manchefter GinghariM, t A|.fou ami I re
 uilure, f antoM Fbnnel, unhteaclg .j Mu hu,
 Wrache.l amil tmldr-achcl. 4 vwriow #|*E till J*« 3f«l
 l Of luinijj, brown artrl
 H«,l Lye ToweU; 14mk and white Waddi.m.
 Lntlra. I-., l.i!,»«&gt; Wig.k; Bed Ticking, an e*
 fY'lJriil sifts Ip; I km, 1, Kmili**K Viioß*
 Ac. Ac.
 fi* Gouda, or Irtjers desumg mhanniiioii,
 rear U addrcreil to J ll.llcv M.kuu. D. N.ath
 FtlUi street; IWI L M,3re, Tr.ith .treet; or to
 Jarre* M&lt; 41, No. 36,1 Iren h Alley.
 8 hfi? ami Aimhuare a&gt; *-rtn--.it of Pout* now
AuU-SlaiTr&gt; Offift,'
 A« 31, Am th Fifth /’Ar/Wi if&gt;h&gt;
 Al’l LI. aseortirent «d s«ti-hnT) jdAji«iiii
 l« kept Cot, .taut lt m IW- tire h.m»«are
 variety &lt;4 wi telhomw phliciiffi*, n»* lu
 and Fam y Slaleansty.
 All letter lei-o* U jf*
 u&gt; la- dnected to J. Mrfhr Mißnu. JI. North
 Fdth -trret. PhJtoVtpfc-
 X „K DELAWARE ABoLITIONIsT
 A PAPER m ,u p«A4i tntd I*
 Mihnr-gmn. I*y the D aware
 iiaett fy. It w«M I* rtldni tv a 4 -anm.a.e. and w *il
 i_ uiUi-le! a half tneslinO' ,bt|, 4 I», k a,.
 ZZZ*y ere.mfoc.wc-yhmmmdwra It wiUl*
 drained 10 «MMi|Mmi M IMu ware, and »»tf ad
 vre**e iu arenwiiAihreial by aM Uwtai 1
 wdl ho palduhod MaaremUy, J m**m.
 fc*W, °t m often m tha Mt,* ran ha *Uum4
 JAHti B BROOKE
 Pabhabmj Afral
"
