"JJoetrß.
Fran the Libert) Bell.
 EUROPE TO AMERICA.
 IT JORII BOWRIK6.
 f'. iirope stoats, Emancipation’
 \V til America teply
 Nation wakening after nation,
 Miami* erect in liberty
 Will the land the max heynod,.
 .Now reajtood a* we rexpondt
 Come! in thtx augnxt communion,
 M*n w itb man, ami friend with friend'
 la Urn all-embracing muon,
 People xkall w ilh people bleml'
 Jo\fnl btmnx (Join chore to chore
 Sweep the freed Atlantic o’er!
 t rnxited and crotnltling into rain,
 TyiAitny’s old ranks fall,
 Joy! for thix i* freedom’* doing'
 Joy! ’ti» Virtue’* fastis*!'
 Souk enfratwhixed —(etterx riven—
 Earth ax gay and lirtght as hearen'
 Oh' tot ‘tie a ifark contraxting
 Orer tire Atlantic ware
 There O vision black and bbxttng'
 Stands tlte aeonrged and sulfaiing slave'
 There—l lie firotid RepuMican
 Tramples on hix frilow-nian!
 lx&gt;! the arruxing angel mounting
 'l*o the judgment-seal on high,
 Veil* his bloxhiiig face, re« ounting
 Tlte dark tale of infamy’
 While tlte roll of xin and xlctrne
 Bear*, America, thy name!
 Ulttsli’ thou talkext boldly, proudly,
 Of thy liravr, tlryr freeltom race
 Rut, though loful) anil hnxlly
 Roasting—know a foul disgrace
 B,:w&gt;d* thv brow, thine honor stains—
 Slarery’s rnrxes, slavery chain*.
 Europe idtotits, Emancipation!
 Will America reply’
 Nation wakening after nation,
 Snaps tlte toads of slavery
 Will tlie land llie *ea* lieyond,
 .Now resjioiid as we respond 1
 THE SOWER.
 p.v JIMF.S RUSSCLI. LUWELI..
 I saw a sower walking slow
 Across tlie earth (com east to west;
 Hi* hair was white as mountain snow,
 His I lead drooped forward on his lireast:
 With shrivelled hands he flung hi* seed,
 Nor ever turned to look liehind;
 Of sight or sound he took no lieed—
 It seemed lie was Ixitli deaf and blind;
 TTis dim face showed no soul beneath,
 Vet in my heart I felt a stir,
 As if I looked ii| xtiu tlie sliealh
 That t»nce had clasped E\oalil&gt;ur.
 I lieard, as still tlie seed he cast,
 How, criKiiiiiig to himself, lie sung—
 now agiin tlie Indy Past,
 The happy days when I wa* young.
 Then all was wlieat witliout a tare,
 Then all was righteous, fair and true;
 And I am lie wlwse thoughtful care
 Shull plant tlie Old World in tlie Neiv.
 The fruitful germs 1 scatter fiPe,
 With Uisy hand, while all men sleep;
 In Europe now, from sea to sea,
 The nations bless me as tliey reap.”
 Then I looked back along his path,
 And heard the clash of steel on steel,
 When man faced man in deadly wrath.
 While clanged the tocsin’s hurrying peal;
 Che skv with Istrning towns flared red,
 Nearer tlie noise of fighting rolled,
 And brother’s blood by brother slied,
 Crept curdling over (lavements eold 1
 Tlien marked I how eaeli germ of truth
 Which through the dotard’s fingers ran,
 Was mated with a dragon’s tooih,
 Whence there sprung up an armed man:
 I shouted but lie could not hear;
 Made signs, but the. e he could not see,
 And still without a doubt or fear,
 Broadcast he scattered anarchy.
 I on" In my straining ears the blast
 Brought faintly back tlie words Ik* sung—
 I sow again the holy past,
 Tlie liajipv days when 1 was young 1
 CHEAT DEEDS.
 hi EUZABF.TH M.SATU.ENT.
 Gently and stilly
 Falletli the dew—
 It jars not the lilts,
 Hiding from view;
 The hits, from the heavens fed, irflereih her prayei
 And deal U tlie incense riseth on the an
 Slowly and slily
 )|ieiieih tlie flower;
 Watch well and wily,
 From hour to hour—
 \&gt;wr a tell-tale leaf the mystery discloses,
 ’i lie moment svlieu the |iale buds ojx*n into row*!
 silently and slowly
 Cometh tlie ifaw it,
 From the skie* holy
 Heralding the rnorn—
 Silently and stealthily go tlie shade* grim,
 And tie hi I v goeih ii|i the earth’s matin hymn*
 Afat in tlie ether
 living tlie bt iglit slat*,
 ((niling together
 No sound (Ik- night mars:
 *&gt;deuce kce(K*th watch in the dark blue halls,
 Ni,undies* and ecliolets her light loot lull*
 In tlte earth dark,
 The Mtiall acorn sleep*
 I i ohi tin* cleft lark
 Tlie tender slioot creep*
 Slowlv and silently riseth llie tree.
 And Imiir.iii low i* diiiuh at ilm* deep mystery 1
 I loin t(n- Boston Post.
 BF.NF.VoI.r.NrE.
 A licftevoleiit man wa* Ahxakmi Bliss—
 At each and cvciy talc o| ilistress
 He blazed light up like a rockit;
 lie fall for all beneath poverty’s smart.
 Who we r« fated to bear life’s ronglie*! part—
 lb- fait for him in his inmost heart,
 Rut never felt in hi* pocket.
 lie did’nt know rightly what wa* Of rot
 Rv tlte Bible’s (noiaixerJ hair Iwinhed |ier real,
 For charity’s donation;
 Ru» he acteil as if fa- though* railluaii slock*
 And tornis, secure tenralh rat tidy locks,
 Weie Inrtler, with porkei* farm full of jocks,
 Tfaji Heavenly speculation.
 Vn all s-iid be an excellent man;
 To the |x*-r he’d preueh—(hr the poor h*’d plan;
 To Itetlier thrm be wms willing;
 Rat tlie ulikxl M*. wto lad heard him
 And (seach, fm «hc porr, in a piufiil way,
 I odd liar(ily remember him rightly U&gt;
 Mr. Bhsx Imkl e’er give* a shilling.
 0
 Thr lUy-xpiiiig -see—’tie Uiguirning in llfa
 Iwaveiu 1
 »tt w atchuK-u ot the utghi tiarr caught the stga—
 Float tower to umet the tignal hn flash free—
 And the deep Mtebwwd, like the rash of teas
 I Ua» heralds the volcano’* bursting flame,
 Is K-md«g v’« ,b miU.
0 tlections.
f Pra* the New Orleans Picayune.)
 THE LOST MAN.
 A PRAIRIE SKETCH,
 An unfortunate trader once strayed
 from hit companions, and was tout lour
 or five davit, suffering (he keenest
 pangs of starvation. It was years age
 yet the story has only been told in oral
 repetition among the old traders, and
 has never before, to our knowledge
 fallen in the. way of a scribe.
 The man wandered away upon a sub
 try midsummer afternoon, oppressed to
 desperation with thirst, in search oi
 water, while the caravan was dragging
 slowly along the dreary and heated
 prairie. Making his way to a cluster ol
 timber that appeared at no very great
 distance, he was fortunate enough to
 find a small cool spring gushing and
 rippling at the bottom of a rocky hollow’.
 The fresh water, the cool shade of the
 steep rock and the trees above, together
 with the knowledge that the wagons
 were still moving along in sight, in
 duced the poor fellow to yield to hi?
 weariness and suffer his eyes to close.
 When he awoke, the grey of the even
 ing w as deepening around the prairie,
 and rushing up from the hollow, his
 eye wandered about in vain search ol
 his companions. He was a raw adven
 turer, upon his first travel, knowing
 nothing of how to direct his steps in the
 wilderness, trusting entirely to the gui
 dance and experience of those with
 whom he travelled. Hasty, impulsive,
 and careless, and without possessing a
 quality of character to assist him in
 such an emergency, confused terror at
 once took possession of him, and start
 ing as he thought in the direction where
 he had last seen the wagons, he ran
 with headlong speed, shouting wildly
 at every step, in hopes of being heard
 and answered by his companions.
 The terrified man, bereft of all
 thought by the fearful nature of his
 predicament, could not even remember
 to fire the rifle he held, hut continued
 to tear his lungs w’ith wild and deso
 late cries for assistance. W bile rush
 ing blindly forward in this manner, the
 night still deepening around him, the
 man met w’ith a violent lull and was
 stunned into insensibility for some
 hours. We are giving now the sub
 stance ofthefpoor fellow’s own relation.
 He came hack to consciousness some
 time during tlie night, in the midst ol a
 pack of howling wolves, and found him
 self lying by the si.le of a buffalo’s
 skeleton, not yet entirely stripped Uy
 the prowling dogs of the desert. A
 situation more appalling to heart and
 j nerve, may not be imagined. The
 man doubted not but that he was
 I aroused prematurely from his state of
 torpor by the hungry creatures assault
 ing his own body, for his clothes were
 mauled and torn, and the scratch of a
 claw was on his leg, though a tooth it
 seems, had not yet touched him. He
 had tripped upon the skeleton, and
 struck his forehead on a horn or some
 other part, as he discovered a huge
 lump upon his head, which also ached
 distressingly when he came to his
 senses.
 The poor fellow, in the heat of his
 terror, made out to scare away thf
 wolves from himself, and escape front
 the spot, leaving the famished animah
 to return again to the buffalo V bones
 and give them a cleaner polishing
 Just escaping from one frightful dan
 ger, perhaps took something from the
 j keen horrors of his desolate ant
 wretched condition, but the unhapp)
 man’s sensations were harrowing anc
 fearful in the extreme. He still press
 ed onward, his strength failing at ever)
 step, calling in harsh and broken shriek*
 to his friends, and changing his course
 again and again, in utter and miserable
 uncertainly of which way to turn.
 Daylight came, the sun rose noon
 approached and passed, and the losl
 man was alone in the desert, famished
 and faint, and without a solitary hope
 of regaining his companions or finding
 the track they were pursuing.
 That night the unhappy wretch sank
 exhausted upon the grass and tlept, tc
 awaken in a state of fear and dangei
 1 more appalling even than the night be
 j fore. A compact and innumerable
 band of buffaloes carne moving slowly
 across the region of the prairie on
 j which he lay, and started from sleep in
 j imminent danger of being trodden tc
 death by the huge monarchs of the
 plain. As these dense masses of buf
 faloes move, they emit sounds that rise
 in the air like a sea surge, and as the
 vast black herd came towards him in
 deep midnight, the poor trader declared
 that a rolling ocean seemed about tc
 overwhelm him. Utterly paralyzed
 1 with bis danger, the unfortunate man
 could but start on bis feet, and stand
 confounded, fearing either to fire ot
 use other means to alarm the buffaloes,
 lest by exciting their terror, he should
 but increase bis own peril. From this
 critical position he likewise escaped
 unhurt, for the animals separated, as is
 their custom, when a strange scent is
 detected, and passed on in two divis
 ions, keeping some two hundred -yards
 clear of the mysterious intruder in the
 middle. Daylight was again appear
 ing, as the last of the innumerable herd
 of creatures passed him, and the man
 was starving.
 He took aim with his rifle at a re
 treating buffalo, and missed fire, for
 bis percussion cap was damp with the
 night dew. Still he was famishing,
 and his only hope seemed in the slaugh
 tering a buffalo. He followed crawl
 ing on bis hands and knees, and, after
 hours of weary watching and labor,
 wounded a cow at last with a successful
 i shot, and the whole band disappeared,
 while the poor trader fell prostrate, too
 I exhausted and faint to make another ef
 i fort in the pursuit.
 This unhappy wretch lay groaning
 aloud, alone an the inidst of au inter
 min able waste, abandoned to despera
 turn and despair, when the thin bark of
 I a small prairie dog attracted his alten
 tion. Once more he charged his rifle,
 for the little creature was in sight, with
 its nose lifted just above the mound
 surrounding its hole. The starving
 man lay prostrate upon the earth, took
 slow and cautious aim at the dog, and
 was fortunate enough to knock it out of
 its hole with a broken back; but before
 he could reach the spot, the dying crea
 ture had wiggled back into iU hiding
 place and tjSappeartd. With bis tea
fingers, the desperate man raked up
 the earth and succeeded in dragging
 the dying dog out upon the grass,
 where without waiting to finish his
 agony, be tore its warm flesh with his
 teeth, like a wolf, while the expiring
 creature was still biting at bis fingers.
 This unnatural sustenance restored
 the drooping man, and he was enabled
 to resume his wanderings, which be
 continued for three more nights, alone,
 desolate and miserable, until he en
 countered a hunting party of Cvrnan
 ches, whom, so far from avoid
 ing, he rushed to embrace, as though
 they were kindred near and dear, and
 the best friends he could meet on
 earth. They were friends as it turned
 out, for they set him on the right track;
 to regain his comrades, with instruc
 tions to dirrect him, and buffalo meet to
 support him, paying themselves by;
 stripping him of his rifle and every
 thing else of the slightest value he had
 about him
 After four days travel the poor trader
 reached his friends again, and was
 welcomed as one from the grdve.
 Upon the evening of his loss, search
 wa? made in all directions and signal
 guns fired which he would have heard,
 had he not been lying insensible by the
 buffalo's skeleton. Search was also
 continued upon the succeeding days,
 as the carravan moved along, but his
 wandering had been irregular, tending
 in a far and opposite direction, that it
 was impossible to trace him. The
 five dttys suffering of this unfortunate
 man may be but faintly imagined.
BARTON AND WHITTIER.
 James Russell Lowell, in noticing
 Whittier’s Poeins, in the Anti-Slavery j
 Standard, thus compares two Quaker
 poets:
 The Quakers never had a poet who i
 wrote in rhythm before Whittier. Poets'
 enough who wrote in prose they have j
 had, and men whose lives were poems,
 but nothing better than bald vMkse
 inakers before. Bernard Barton was
 drab to his heart’s core. His verses
 are precise, strait breasted, and thee
 one most tediously, yet there is no true
 Quakerism in them neither. Dry
 husks they would have been, indeed,
 to hungry-hearted George Fox. The
 Quakers have crystallized into the
 most angular formalism, and they de
 served just such a poet as Barton. He
 was sent to them for their sins, and we
 hope they read him, tlie men who dis-;
 own Hopper and Dugdale, and look!
 askance at Lucretia Molt. Not that!
 Barton was not a very worthy fellow’.
 He was good enough beyond a doubt,
 more truly pious than Sbakspeare, very
 likely, but there is no tang in him. He
 coincs as near to being a poet as a ripe
 cucumber conies to being a fruit.
 Whittier is quite another matter.
 There is the soul of Quakerism in him,
 for Quakerism is essentially aggressive.
 His poeins would have been cordial to
 Fox in Nottingham jail. Nailer might;
 have recited his ballad of Cassandra
 Southwick exultingly at the cart-tail.
 Woolman would have found a delicious,
 but unwilling, relish in them, as in
 forbidden fruit.
 If ever a man deserved the title of
 poet, (maker) John GreenleafWhittier
 does. He has made more than verses.
 He has not only written, but done
 something. He has made (directly)
 more public opinion, on the right side
 than any poet we can think of. This is
 making to some purpose. Nor has it
 been a sacrifice in Whittier to become
 a partisan. He was created for it, and
 he has accomplished his destiny nobly.
 We do not desire him to be anything
 other than he is, any more than we;
 should think of lamenting that an ap
 ple was not a pear. He has perhaps,
 fulfilled the truest vocation of the p&lt;»et
 in this transition age by being in some
 sort the voice of one crying in the
 wilderness.
MR. REMINGTON IN THE DEN.
 In the first instance, we invite the
 New York Literary World to favour
 us w ith a notice of the following con
 tradiction to a statement which would
 not have appeared in our colnmns had
 we not found it in those of our much
 respected contemporary. We have
 since seen it in many other American
 papers of repute, and invite their at
 tention, also, to the matter. Last week
 we did not give all Mr. Remington’s
 letter, because it read to us like the
 bitter effusion of a disappointed and
 worried man, an unreasonable bitter
 ness: it was therefor that we omitted
 much fault-finding of Mr. Bancroft,
 the American ambassador. Of Mr.
 Tyler, the proprietor of the Surrey
 Gardens, Mr. Remington, on the whole,
 spoke without disrespect; but, from the
 entire letter, an inference might he
 drawn that Mr. Tyler had not behaved
 very generously. From a belief that
 Mr. Bancroft was not a man to behave
 as Mr. Remington said, and from a
 knowledge in which all who know Mr.
 Tyler will bear us out, that he was not,
 we omitted the reflections upon those
 two gentlemen, attributing them to the
 discolourment of gall and bitterness.
 Mr. Remington asserts that he was
 starving when he got admittance to Mr.
 Tyler’s establishment that he was
 living, at least, an 3d. a day—that he
 was in rags clothes had I none”)—
 that he slept in a lion’s den, whilst the
 model of his most ibgenious bridge was
 being prepared —and took charitable
 crusts from the carpenters’ dinners.
 We should have disbelieved all about
 the lion’s den, had we not thought that
 his lodging therein was unknown to
 Mr. Tyler, ami was a sort of carpenter's
 bed made up, in the summer, too, for
 an impoverished man of great engin
 eering ability. The circumstantial ac
 count, allowing for prejudice and
 bitterness, seemed unquestionable as to
 its facts (facts!), and all the United
 States now admire Remington for bis
 fenius, and pity him for bu 3d. a day!
 le raid that he never received a farth
 ing from Mr. Tyler (admitting, at the
 same time,'that he was not entitled to
 one), and that the bridge cost £B. Now,
 mark the following statements, in a
 letter written by Mr. Tyler, which that
 gentleman has shewn us, by written
 documents —unnecessarily, for his word
 was sufficient —to be perfectly cor
 rect:
 My first introduction to Mr. Rem
 ington was to inspect a new light for
 the table, which be said he had m
vented. Upon his telling hm that be
 had no fends to complete the apparatus,
 I—in concert with Mr. Jones, gss
 fitter, of Coveni-garden—guaranteed
 to Mr. Madd, the payment of XKO, if
 successful; all expenses of patent and
 bringing it before the public were to be
 Eid by Mr. Jones, and myself, Mr.
 sreington receiving one-half. This
 experiment turned out a complete
 failure. Mr. Remington also had £4
 to redeem a one-wheel velocipede,
 which, after weeks* gratutious aid of
 my carpenters and blacksmith, also
 proved a failure. The bridge, he said,
 having been repeatedly erected in
 America, be attached no importance to;
 all he wanted was an opportunity oj
 bringing his name before the public
 for he had other invention! be relied on
 to remunerate himself. —During the
 trhole time he teas superintending the
 construction oj ths bndge, he boarded
 and lodged at Mr. Ladd's mathematical
 instrument maker, Amelia-street, Penion
 place, to tr horn I paid £'33, for such
 board and lodging, and other expenses,
 w hich sum I never asked Mr. Reming
 ton for. In addition to which, I hold a
 note of hand for £l9 for money ad
 vanced. He never slept in the gar
 dens!—he never partook of the
 carpenters’ meals!—he dined frequently
 at my table. He had free access to
 the gardens when he chose, and I
 should mnch I ke to possess the instru
 ment by which a Yankee bound himself
 to pay 10 dollars for the advance of
 Is.! Previous to lodging at Mr. Ladd’s,
 I understand he hoarded and lodged at
 an hotel in Leicester-square for four
 months. He told me, also, that he had
 been residing at Morley’s Hotel,
 Strand!”
 We have italicised the lines in Mr.
 Tyler’s letter as an instructive com
 mentary on the 3d. a day story. Mr.
 Remington’s letter was not addressed,
 we believe, to any American paper. It
 purports to be a private letter to a
 friend in Alabama. Let us hope it is a
 forgery or a hoax; if it be neither one
 nor the other, then, why then, we say,
 our readers on both sides the Atlantic
 may draw conclusions for themselves.—
 Douglas Jerrold’s Netcspaper.
 ID* We published the letter referred to
 above, as our readers will probably remember;
 and think it no more than justice that we
 should also publish the correction. This
 makes sonic deduction from the privations of
 Mr. Remington.
Jack Bunsby on Califonia. —Gold
 vs. Potatoes. —The following sensible
 hit is from the New York Sunday
 News:
 Being asked what he thought of the
 gold panic, Bunsby crossed his boots,
 took a whiff, and said: “If so be, as
 how gold can he got in California for
 digging, why, good; the only question
 would be, to dig or not to dig. And so,
 but then do ye see, a man must do
 something else besides digging. He
 must eat, drink, sleep, and be clothed
 withal—and if all the people turn gold
 diggers, who shall perform all the other
 kind of work? Now, if so be, a man
 should dig gold, and fill his pockets,
 why, so. And, if so be, another man
 should dig praties, and fill a tinkettle,
 and put it over a fire, in unison with
 some wild kids and a few yarbs, and
 the man who had been digging the gold
 should come and say, give me some of
 that’ere mess, why, so also.—Now,
 wat would the pratie digger say? How
 much gold have you dug? Oh, says
 the gold digger, I have had great luck
 to-day, but lam very hungry. Good,
 says the pratie digger;—give me two
 thirds of your gold, and you shall dine
 with me. Why, you inhospitable fel
 low,*do you want to rob! No, says the
 pratie digger, but go and eat your gold.
 I’ll eat my dinner alone, and save what
 is left unlill to-morrow, and then I can
 go and dig gold, and you can dig pra
 ties for yourself. Now, says Bunsby,
 the pratie digger would be the best off,
 for the other could not wait until the
 morrow for a dinner, and it’s therefore
 my opinion that digging praties may
 he, under some circumstances, more
 profitable than digging gold, and my
 name’s Jack Bunsby.”
Chinese Etiquette.— The Chinese
 are so punctilious that their code of
 etiquette outvies the most ceremonious
 courts in Europe. As 'soon as a guest
 alights from his sedan chair, he is met
 by the host, who bows his head, bends
 his body and his knees, joins both hands
 iin front, and with them knocks his
 j chest. When he wishes to *be very
 polite, he takes his guest’s hand with
 his and knocks it upon his chest. This
 is their inode of shaking hands. Now
 follows a polite contest as to prece
 dence, which, after various knockings,
 bowings, and genuflections, terminates
 jby the host and guest entering the
 house together. At the sitting a|&gt;art
 raent another ceremony takes place,
 equally protracted and irksome. The
 i poinfto be determined is where each
 i shall sit, and who shall be seated first.
 Etiquette extends even to a decision on
 the size of a chair, by which invariably
 the rank or importance of a guest
 determined. The host now motions to
 a large chair, and attempts to take a
 smaller one himself. Good breeding
 compels the guest, in turn, to refuse
 this compliment; and, after a wearying
 contest of politeness, the point is ami
 cably adjusted to the satisfaction of the
 belligerents, either by both parties 'sit
 ting down simultaneously on the same
 beuch, or upon two chairs of equal di
 mensions. The fatigue of this courtesy
 may be easily conceived as the same
 routine is performed on the arrival of
 each guest. As soon as the guests are
 assembled, tea is banded round in
 covered cups, which are placed in sil
 ver stands in the torn) of a boat. These
 are fluted and beautifully chased. The
 cups on the occasion to which I refer
 were of that antique porcelain so ex
 ceedingly valued, which is as thin as
 P*pe*\ pure white, perfectly trans
 parent, and is ornamented with obscure
 figures, whose dark outlines are only
 perceptible when the vessel is filled
 with tea. The mode of* making tea in
 China is similar to that in which coffee
 is made in Turkey. The tea is pot
 into a cup, boiling water poured over
 rt nod instantly covered, to prevent the
 escape of the aroma, with a lid, which
 is used as a spoon In sip the tea. They
 never ase sugar or milk with tea in
 China.—Datfin Umvernhf
2Mtocrtisraunto.
laptrttit to Pi nm.
 TOE’S Pmm WM Cahivamr md Wir* Gw.
 1 Plow. TV Farming public are hereby informed
 *hnt Uom Patent ban hen iakn» o® by tW 8»*
 *eribw fee hta recent mi japrmMl*
 «nrtiaßMdmafect»ofFiiLV€?VLTlTtTOiu;:
 mm improvement so ml a* to entirely rewbtiroi®
 the whole system of Lanai, by rrdneing the rxftmmt
 ome-imlf or man. Wherever the; hew he« wt»-,
 thmd, the; have met the difiibii an**hatim
 brmm,m» the following certificate* fro® the iMe*-
 hfeot aad practical ferawre nrbose aa®r« are
 attached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify (hat we. the Subscribers, haw
 sen aad wed the latest Wheel Cultivator, invented
 by Nathaji Id*, of Shrfrjy, Orleans Co., New
 York, and believe it to be, md a labor-roving ma
 chiae, one of the greatest wnproveraents of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in fro® lea to fifteen arte*
 more of wheat in a year, with the mum amount of
 team labor; he ran abo sow it in awrh better order.
 By it alao Canada thistle* and other noxiou* weed*
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine in so con
 structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by i
 mean* of screws on the upper pnrt of the machine,
 ami thus either plow ap the ground thoroughly, or
 only jrist bnwh tile surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it derkiedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground ami facilitating the tibor of 1
 the Farmer, and as wadi we rheerftiUy recommend it
 to our brother farmer*.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Epos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day j
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the,
 old plow«; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 EM CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After tliese testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of j
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer wlw fully understands his
 interest w ill lie w idiom one, as ft is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELI.S, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 o call and examine for themselves.
OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY
 UNDER THE MUSEUM—Iate FISHER MORRIS.*
 MR. MORRIS was in the employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse for seven years, and during that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, for the best
 specimens of Book Binding, exhibited at the Me
 chanics* Fairs held in this city and Buffalo.
 Gentlemen’s Libraries fitted up and repaired
 Music Paper ruled; Music and Periodicals bound
 and finished to any pattern. Blank Account Books
 executed at this establishment have given unequalled
 satisfaction, by their durability and elegance. Strict
 attention is always paid to the quality of paper used,
 to render them equal to the best in the United States
 or those imported.
 Ladies’ Scrap and Guard Books,'Albums and
 Portfolios, in all their varieties, manufactured to
 order in the best style.
 Banks, Institutions, Societies, &amp;c., may be
 assured of w ork being done on the most advantageous
 terms.
 Gentlemen residing at a distance, by packing and
 forwarding volumes to the above directions, stating
 price and style, tnay rely upon their being well bound
 on the most favorable terms, also carefully and
 punctually returned.
 N.B. The proprietor has spared no expense in
 fitting up tlie establishment, and introducing into
 Western New York the latest improvements in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bindery, under the Museum.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rrit
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a heatttilul clear type, on fine white paper, anti
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-nnitc of tlie Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and
 ster Review” Radical. The “North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, liaving been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary diaracter is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.)
 For auy one of the four Reviews, #3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Black wood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in adcanc. e.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w Jtl h
 sent to one address on payment of the regular suit
 script ion for three—tlie fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of,
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the 1
 entire number in the liands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this ami other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, tliat
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga- i
 zine. "Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and eofniutuueai ions should Is* always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to tin* publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT A CO.
 70 Fukon street, New York, j
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN-
 NlllTY AND TRUST COMPANY .d Phila
 (detpbia. durtfi’ril in 1836 —Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, —Benjamin \V. Rm IwiU, Presi
 dent. Continue* to make WMirauct on liren, {(rant
 I annuities and endowment?, uuJ accept trurt* from lie
 i dividual', corporate bod ten, him! cutirU of justice,
 and execute them agreeably tu lie A'nirf* of tlie par-
 1 1**», and receive deposit* of monry in trust or on
 j interest.
 j Tie Company add a Inam at Mated period* to
 the insurance for hie, and on the 2Uth of January
 l law, an addition wan mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in tnw and intni priur to January l*t,
 1842, amounting to 10 j&lt;er cent, on tin? sum iiuwrd
 in pedicle* i«sued in 1837; 7j per cent, on policiee
 tmued is 1838, and in rateabir pmportiuti* according
 lo their respective dale*.
 .The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a tun of money at the death of the parly insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friend* or
 creditor*; and it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rate* of the life iosnrance, which w ill be
 fumided by the subscriber to all who may feel an
 j "‘terns in the subject, that by paying a small nm to
 j ihewfib* every year during hi* life, a person may se-
 i emK his family a very considerable amount at his
 j decease.
 j hevever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 understood, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantage* to ail, hut more especially to those who
 depead «m their own exertinon tar the support of their
 ■■mu**, or who nay he desiriom to secure the pay
 am of money to their friend*, creditors or
 at their decease, which they might he oth
 *r*“e to accomplish, that the uperaliun of the
 •ystem needs but to he explained to tsmre the sen
 asm nousi del ation of the public.
 aevmal laitauce. it ha* happened that the party
 ,urt 4wtl) after fctvtug piid only amt
 two nwihuwti of the premium, when his family
 haea received from this nth re the full nun net for
 which he had insured.
 Pidl infer lant-ou on this important subject may be
 agent of the Ginwd Life InnwancwCosunnny.
 WILLIAM BAREWELL,
 RakrwiJ’s Lam Buildingi.
 Gnat street, Pittsburgh.
W* H -T°pp, Mrrrhsst Task*,** BnaA
 "."t: Alanywant asitrtmaal aff neat*,
 •aochs.Bsw.n.Qinnaa.tc
 Ahmy, Feb U, ligg
PROSPECTUS
 iMricu PfcrcMtofkml inrul.
 o. S. FOWLER, EDITOR.
 T) refer® aad perfect «ne(ni id car nn,
 the mart exalted at all work*. Yet, fro tk® tee
 mmt ffrmtxml ike Human Cn—tiftiow. This
 Hat— bar. Physiology aad Vital Magnet is A em
 brace, aad tore expound all ike few* of ear heiag,
 condition* of happiness, aad constitute the philoso
 pher's stoae of l aivena! Troth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each aa®faer wdl contain either the analysis aad
 location of some phrenological fcruhv, illustrated by
 an Engraving, or aa artical oa their eouabinutiocW:
 aad abo the argaainuoa aad character of wan dis
 tinguished personage, actewpaaied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health Is Life, The groat immune at of talent vir
 tue aad happiness, all of which it igamts. To its
 perwrvatioa and restoration, special attention will be
 given.
 magnetism.
 With practial instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truths which it unfolds, will be presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessing, they enjoy, the infiuence they can
 wield, and their preparation for conducting oar insti
 tutions, will form the theme of a series of articles.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oaraesliy, aad would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his natural powers, ami
 reiuler hiinseb better and more happy 1 To swl»,
 each number will be a prompter aud text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ON E DOLL
 AR A YEAR 1
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letters and orders must lie
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER R WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W T B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 Kid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 ivis
NORTHAMPTONJVATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully int'onned, that since
 the philosophical deductions of tiie learned Dr.
 Means, of Emorv College, Ga., ami the| scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, tliat
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 1 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human I tody, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
 electrissi state, and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—tliere is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ot
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociterations
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of tlteir complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases w lie re the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
 of the hotly alluded to, are in tlie electro-|&gt;ositive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by w hich the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and eharactei
 of disease, anti practising tlie cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professoi
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and die gratitude
 evinced by diose whom he has liatl the |deasure tti
 relieve of their complaints, die undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 J afford him uu opportunity to effect a cure, by hi*
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 I Tlie Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ-
 I ated near Bensonville, on the west tiank of lacking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniendy furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied w ith water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by tliat of any other esta
 blishment in this country The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque ami romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, .sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to apjiear as they should,
 plainly dressed, .enjoying their rfftabies' without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to tlie head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonarv affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory ami chronic rheumatism,
 ueuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 I course of treatment, should furnish themselves, with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, #ne or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and lioard are #5 50 to
 #8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 j complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 j will pay #8 00 per week—on the first ami second
 floors, #8 50 |ier week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or tire in tlieir rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) w ill furnish tlieir own nurses and fuel,
 1 or pay an extra price.
 I&gt;. RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can lake the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always fie in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 ™The hitman hlood.iu a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of tlie
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be iudis
 pensahle to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, ilelivered hefor* the Medical College of
 is.Srpa, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, AM., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry ami Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory Ga., page 25
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber heg* leave to call tie attention
 of Invalid*, especially tlow -differing from
 chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic establishment in
 AtM,
 ilia how* waa opened for tV reception of patient*
 last season, and it is believed offer* ext client facili
 tiea for ami thorough course in hydro
 pa thy. The supply of water in abundant, and in
 T r t i? l Tf, **s" P«««*»a-d equal to water 04 a
 dtatiDed. TV location is rjoile eligible, being but
 a abort diaunce from tV V. A M. ntihoad. The
 vtemity abounds ia a variety of acemry, and ha*
 charming grounds for walks and rxmUe*. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimes, mountain air, aad
 1 «w aearcely foil to obtain the
 Vadthfol results for which they fohor.
 TV folia wing case ilWtmtrs this remark. Mr*.
 B-. liea.'B,, Warwick, Maas., aged
 about tium -fare years, was to mV
 •kaguat. Her case presented _ the following ptmao
 nwaa. If placed in aa erect’ position, aad Mil an
 mW**l, *V forthwith felfbackward to the
 U 0 U supported, she made aa
 efcrt to walk, either font, when earned forward,!
 to the neatrary, would cnm. the
 tf Jfk* kae» ia this condition nearly a
 Hnr t-rmrmiat enmnaenond lha lilh of Snul.,
 aad aa.omu.ued U&gt; tV 26th Oct. oVy, wh» dm
 kft, ao for recovered aa to be able to walk MV a
 g? to bar family, .V
 ha. rratmaaid lrnr hathn, with corresponding urn
 yrtvamam uThar Vahh. SV now aittaul* to her
 domnauc datim, sad with dm aanfotaaee af a *m»J|
 GHjdtm. tV work of her family.
 Pataeau are daaamd to brfogtfoue comfortable*
 towel, walked, with all liaea for
 Tvm., from ire 10 law defer* per wuek, aeeord
 toffto the aarea.it tea or rVirr &lt;rf the natieau.
 Tta .tya particular inth. aafortfoato

 Athnl, March, to*. QEOEQE HOYT.
 W^syg™ l ?-°y^? or.
MfCBTT:
 IT* ILLEGAL CAUSE* AHD LEGAL
 eras.
 ■t ltpamdkr »rooii«*.
 TV- A buy Patriot cofls A m«( pamphlet
 168 pagrr tm i—ilraM* product km.’’—
 WV»her all the auUcipatious of Mr. Spooner
 votATbr nltwd by tV Wl adtmtioß of hii tWr,
 wdo not hw atop ta enquire; Vat VanjK nan
 amd bit endeavor to &lt;V notice of all who baa a
 transparent forcible detioti —imrfpid wdrpnijnrf—
 original thought—aad entire freedom from tV raat
 of act or party. A** judicial writer, V has* depth,
 a compass, far beyond may oar a Soar production,
 hoar art oar ear m a Inag time.’*
 Hunt's Merchant's Magasine says—“ It abound,
 ia bold and original tbougnls. TV ilLgal cimn of
 poeerty are stated. and a number of important propo
 litiaM hearing oa the abject bid dorm; and, on i V
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording it doe* many rabnble binu to the states
 man ana political ecnaomaat.”
 TV Bangor Gaietlesny*—“ An able and certain
 ly original work, from tV pen of Lvsander Spooner,
 fcsq.—author of that powerful hook which demon
 strate* tV unronetitntiomilitjr of American la very.
 There ia no writer of tV age, of logical acomen more
 searching than Spooner.,* Thin new work ia de»-
 tined to bail to a re-examination of all former ay*-
 tern* of political economy.” At brat flush hi* eco
 nomical proposition* atrike ns aa analainahlr—and if
 they ate ao, hi* work will prerail, and produce an
 important revolution in the present *y»-
 tem.
 Ercrv one should rml it.’*
 BELA MARSH, PnhlbVr. Boston-
 Part I. Price 25 Oats.
Hart’s VfffUMf Extract
 I Is ihr only rnsniy that can be relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Imu
 i lion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 I Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic A flections, Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous ami Physical Ener
 gy, ami all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 dreadful of all diseases that affect the human race
 Eplrpy, or Falling Su keeat.— Hysterical Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasms, tr It is weft known, that
 from time immemorial, Physicians have proummeeti
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all their
 skill, ami the (masted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands have suffered through a mis
 erable existence, and at last yiekled up their lives on
 the Altar uj Insanity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, honever, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it can I* cured. He would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, ami all others who are inter
 ested, to examine llie testimony w hich is here offered.
 If it is deception, let jt be ex|K&gt;eed I sit if it ia
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 tie said dial Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen years,
 lias been tested by many persons who liave suffered
 with this dreadful dissase, am) in every ease where
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted w ith Fits for mote
 than nine years, and has heen cured by the use ol
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. I!ra«ley, 115 Orchard street. New York,
 slates that die lias been subiect to Fits for many
 years, and has been restored to perfect health (alter
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell ro.,
 Alabama, who is one of the liest Physicians in dm
 State, says that lie lias been much benefited by the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, ami dial he iinbcsitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epile|isy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, F.sq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawtord Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., slates that for many y»ars past lie
 has been sorely afflicted w ith Fits, ami lie is now
 happy to state diat a persevering use of Dr. Hail’s
 i Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound liealili,
 I being entirely freed from dial worst of all diseate*.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Heiuy street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted w ith Fils.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas,li. Houghton, a member of his family has
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fils for
 many years, that lie was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. I ratt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State ot
 Ohio to resume his business.
 I Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 I Spots wood, New Jersey, who has heen afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more tlian forty years, states
 that lie has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 h*s health lias been so much improved that lie hopes
 j by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 i months, cured by die use o| this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of die son of
 VVm. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months.
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ciei
 inany anti France, consulting tlie most eminent
 physicians, ami expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three dtonsand dollars, retitrm .l
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart’, Vegetable Extract.— l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine ami medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted die most eminent physicians (litre ill
 respect to Ins case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three months
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that my son case was honelrs.
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I ac3i£k
 left England travelled through Scot lam I, Germany
 and t ranee, and returned borne in the month of
 November last, w ith my son as far from being cured
 a 1 1 yo«r advertisement in one of
 the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty vears standing, and I an assure you 1 am
 •orry I did so, as by the use of HartV Vegetable
 Extract alone lie was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored with the
 prospect now before him of life, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 years 6
 months of this time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don't believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you ia one
 thing, ami as I here enclose you one hundred dollars
 I liave no doubt lait you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept this amount ax interval
 on th#» dent in advanre.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY
 In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy ol
 his truly wonderfu medicine, read the following
 U tter from |)r. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Oh,u*
 one of the most eminent physicians in that piaev:
 bmlfofd, Oiiio, August 17 Iftlfi
 Broiler laborer in the cause .Aimaimv-lw
 T y™ complete triiMo|Ji
 of your invaluable medicine m case. I
 l«ve prescribed it ia four instances in Ifos vViuily,
 and it Ims been lugUy successful in all. Three o
 r*L 1 ,ru l have been radically cured
 rne fourth one is rapidly improving, ami will, I
 think without doubt recover. liaS indmCul
 of preanriimig or rerommemiing intent medicines,
 imt when 1 see an article which promise* so much
 for the relief of suffer uig humanity, I feel my duty
 to recommend it, ami I have no brsiUUiia in aay*
 ing ilml as soon as the (acuity are fully acquainted
 with the real merit of your u edict up, ife. m jq
 efose their eyes against prejmlicc ami lend you a
 helping hand.
 I subscribe myself yours, iiscmh,
 (Signed] W. L. MONROE, M f)
 To Dr. 8. Hart, New York.
 E r ,H FAR D *»TANT
 When tkouaamls who ara now trealdine .„„u,
 the hand of this dreadfol disease, andfiraS,,, ,i ul
 as x drr
 odebvaied medicine “‘“I
 reidt U
 by the twa of Dr. Hart’s Vegeta-
 K*r2rSSJL ART York.

 paSJH
 Cm
 Aftute for the United
 Pant Paid, rll&gt;, mmt
 A W C niW FhU&lt;m&gt; •■‘l William Ml.
 2* u A Bt. Pauls Rochester,
 H Sl***"" Bwf£7
 HU Dmtnil Michmwi,
 i 5* Mißwaukie WS.
 *md, and Cm, Chicago lU.
 DoM- T. Mauau, Duiiauue lowa.
 H *ud Ch-TK Louie Mm
 And far Bab by moat at the principal Drags, Ms,
 ihrosehu* the l ’sued Mute*
 THOMAS ft MILLS, 1« Mu* mi,
"
