"strength of their own stalwart arm*, to vin
 dtcate their rights, the nation's resources and
 nerve* are pledged to encircle them with
 bristling bayonet*, red mouthed cannon, and
 glittering •word*—plunging the polished steel
 to the heart's’ core, and scattering limb* with
 the murderous charge of the cannon tc
 crush them in subjection to their galling
 yoke.
 The Constitution of the U. S., Art. Ist
 Sec. Bth, says: Congress shall have powei
 to suppress innurrectiona.
 Art. 4th, See. 4th The U. S. »hal
 protect each of them [the states] against do
 meslic violence, on application of the legis
 lature, or of the Executive (when the
 ture cannot be convened.)
 Said Brougham, the great English siates
 man, on the subject of human chattels
 Tell me pot of laws. speak not to me ol
 enactments there is a law higher than all
 human laws, written by the finger «*f God,
 upon the heart of even- man that comes into
 world and so long as men hate robbery,
 loathe and abhor rapine, bloodshed and vio
 lence, they will repudiate, with severe indig
 nation and contempt, the guilty fantasy that
 man can ever hold projierty in man —property
 in man is only sustained by disobedience ui
 God and violence to man.” j. c. h.
 MNC’ERITY AND SHAM.
 The most unpromising feature of the pre
 sent age is the sham, and hypocrisy, and
 rant, which are everywhere prevalent. There
 arc beliefs and professions of belief enough
 but slight indeed is the influence which
 cither the one or the other has upon the
 popular heart and conscience. Evidences of
 this fact are so rife and apparent, in every de
 partment of business, statesmanship, and reli
 gion, that any one who will take the trouble
 to consider for a moment, cannot fail to find
 them in abundance.
 Sham, and hypocrisy, and cant, are the
 miserable means which miserable men use for
 the deception of each other—of men in general
 and by which they sometimes succeed in
 deceiving even themselves. So prevalent, in
 deed, are they, that faith in man has become
 well nigh extinct, and he who loves all men,
 and would fain believe all men, feels con
 strained, though it pierces, as with a dagger,
 his inmost soul—to doubt even his dearest
 and most intimate friend.
 But the man of sincerity, who is willing to
 endure, for the sake of principle, jiersecution,
 scorn, sufferings, everything that the ingen
 uity of men or demons ran invent, is the true
 world-regenerator. He socks not honor, he
 ask* notpower. In entire forgetfulness of self,
 fearless, resolute, he struggles to give utter
 ance to those truths which have, as it were,
 taken him captive, and w ill not suffer him to
 remain silent. His sincerity is manifest in
 his every word, his every action. It may he
 be long before Ins Heaven-sent discovery is
 extensively received but such a time must
 at length arrive. His sincerity is felt—it is
 acknowledged it communicates itself to one
 and another, who are constrained to think, to
 examine, to believe.
 The ajHtstle Paul felt the power of this
 sincerity, when he said, Though I preach
 the gospel, 1 have nothing to glory of; for
 necessity is laid upon me—yea, w oe is unto
 me, if 1 preach not the gospel. Mahomet,
 doubtless, was sincere, w hen fie said to the
 Koreish at Mecca, These idols of yours are
 wood, on which you put wax and oil and
 the flies stick to them. They are not God—
 they are hilt black wood!” Said Luther to
 Tctzel, selling indulgences, This that you
 call a pardon of sins, is nothing more nor less
 than a piece of rag-paper, with ink on it.
 God alone can pardon sins.” Confute me,”
 said he, in his speech before the Diet at
 Worms—“ confute me by proofs from Scrip
 ture, or else by plain, convincing argument.
 I cannot recant otherwise; for it is neither
 safe nor prudent to do aught against con
 science; and God helping me, I w ill not.”
 So it is with the earnest, true-hearted man of
 every age, of every country, and of every
 elime. It is neither safe nor prudent for
 him to do aught against conscience.” Thus
 it ever has been, and thus it ever will be.
 The man who has a firm-fixed and unwavering
 faith in principle, is ever powerful to regener
 ate the world. He is the world’s prophet,
 its teacher, its missionary. His words drop,
 like precious seed, into men’s minds. They
 germinate, they spring forth, they grow, and
 no power ujß»n the earth or under it, can pre
 vent them.
 Religion is not a form—it is not a cere
 mony it has very little, if anything, to do
 with cither five one or the other. Religion
 may exist and lie all-prevailing in the absence
 of firm and tfiere may also be a strict and
 frigid observance of an unending diversity of
 forms, where there is no religion. That
 which a man really and entirely believes
 that which he can trust to which he can live
 with; which lie can die with—that is his
 religion. In some it may be hut a |&gt;oor reli
 gion and in some it may be no religion.
 'I his is a lamentable tiling, and difficult to
 realize hut it is only too true, that there are
 men whose only belief is that they believe
 nothing, or nothing worth believing; men
 have neither faith nor principle—who
 fear not God nor regard man,” —w ho risking
 fihuraieL.es on the iinsul&gt;staiitial something or
 nothing w hich they call chance,” like a
 /dnp wiflutyj compass, chart, or rudder, in
 4he npdat of the feaming ocean, are driven
 they know- not where—they care not whither.
 It is not the ignoranj idolater that is here
 meant; f-ir idulu,Urs do believe, and
 believe with their w hole soul. Such belief is
 infinitely preferable to the profession of belief,
 when the heart and soul of it are awanling.
 I he Udief of the poor idolater wlto lakes a
 piece &lt;#f coid, fastens it round Ins w rtst, and
 calling it bin g.wf prostrates himself
 before it, is preferable to ibis. Lf the Roman
 f atholic really and truly believes in the
 fibilMy of the Virgin and the saints to jdoad
 for him —in the sufficiency of the popish ritual
 to supply all his spiritual wants; better is a
 for haw to continue to believe this, than, to
 adopt a sresd which is no cn-*d to him, if he
 boluives it not—which never becomes any
 part of himself, but is ouJy, a* it were fast
 ened to bug, and bang* there, dangling, use
 less.
 Would that there were more sincerity and
 less shun and make-believe In this world of
 pur*' then many of the wroogs and errors
 with which we are surrounded, and by which
 are cursed, would speedily disappear.
 7 bt* p a truth loving world, bearing its errors
on on willing shoulders, and never ceasing in
 its struggles to cast them off. Oh, it is i
 glorious truth, ami one which cannot be toe
 firmly or too often impressed upon our minds,
 that it w no resting-place for error. Every
 error came* in it* own boom the cams* of Ht
 destruction. However powerful the interest
 however frening the prejudice, however in
 surmountable the harriers that fence room
 ami guard any error of the prewntt day,—those
 Iramere shall be broken down; that intriesl
 fthall be overcome; and that prejudice shal
 rapiplv melt away liefore the warm sun
 light of Truth. No power—no influence—
 no interest can procure for any error a resting
 place here. There is even now on tht
 horizon the dim dawning of a better day
 Men are beginning to discover that they ban
 crml in seeking after Gold and their ow n in
 significant selfish interests, when they mighi
 have found Truth and the welfare of tht
 world. If the true men of all lands continue
 firm lo their trust, as doubtless they w ill, wt
 may vet expect to see—not a golden age—but
 what is inestimably more valuable than gold—
 an age of truthfulness and sincerity of pur
 pose an age in which men w ill seek, not tht
 interests of the few, by raising the mist* of
 Error; but the welfare of the many, by dif
 fusing the light of I ruth.—j. d.
 Columbia, Pa., July 23, IBIS.
 Messrs. Editors :—The object of youi
 article in the North Star, on Colored Netrs
 pap'Ts,” is, to my mind, to strike a blow at
 what may be supposed popular objec
 tions against colored newspapers.
 The question naturally arises, What qual
 ities or qualifications should a newspaper
 possess to entitle it to the surname “Colored
 I have looked carefully over the columns of
 the North Star,” and I am unable to dis
 cover any just reason why it should be termed
 a colored newspaper,” any more than the
 Liberator, Standard, Freeman, or many other
 Anti-Slavery periodical.
 Is it because it is edited by colored men
 Certainly not. Is it because it advocates the
 1 emancipation of the slave, and the overthrow
 of prejudice! Certainly not; for the papers I
 have mentioned have maintained the same no
 ble cause, in a manner and with an ability
 that has never been surpassed. You have
 asserted in your motto, that Truth is of no
 color.” Then you will certainly agree that
 its omnipotent power cannot be accelerated by
 the complexion of those who herald it! Is it
 liecause the term colored has been asserted at
 the head of the paper, as formerly in the
 “Colored American,” and “African Sen
 tinel* Certainly not; because they have
 long since ceased to exist, and their ghosts,
 however comely, no longer haunt our vision.
 Now, if they were right in placing this dis
 tinctive characteristic at the head of their pa
 pers, (like those of many of our religious,
 literary and beneficial institutions,) why not
 follow their example, by introducing it intc
 your paper, so that its name may be hereaftei
 called The Colored North Star Such a
 j course, would, in iny humble opinion, place
 you in a very consistent position to advocate
 its perpetuity, and would save you from the
 pain, penalty and mortification of being placed
 under that ban of proscription which you have
 framed for others, when you say thak“ there
 is neither good sense nor common honesty in
 trying to forget this distinction.”
 In the true spirit of charity, I am inclined
 to believe that your language in the above
 quotation has misrepresented your views. If
 I am capable of interpreting the meaning of
 your motfo, vour object is to labor for the
 overthrow of all those distinctions that con
 flict with the true interests of the common
 brotherhood of the human race.”
 You assert that we have sometimes heard
 persons regret the very mention of color on
 this account, and counseLits abandonment.”
 It may be, that when your mind liocomcs re
 freshed with a scrap of history' on that point,
 you will find the possibility (at least) of their
 views being misreprsented.
 1 believe that the first public discussion
 about the use of the term colored,” about
 which “you say you are in nowise sensitive,”
 (although you have not chosen to adopt it in
 practice.) took its rise from the introduction
 of the following resolution, which was dis
 cussed and unanimously adopted at a Conven
 tion held in the city of Philadelphia, in the
 month of June, 1835: “Resolved, That we
 recommend to our people (as far as possible)
 to abandon the use of the word colored,’
 whether spealing or w riting, concerning them
 scl ves; and, especially, to remove the title
 of‘African’from their institutions, churches,”
 Ac., Ac.
 It is useless to attempt to describe (to those
 w ho are familiar with the eause of reform)
 the excited feelings of many at the inteduc
 tion of this new feature of reform. It struck
 a blow’ at their pride and prejudices; its advo
 cates were vilified, and their'language mis
 construed. It is from this latter basis, I fear,
 you have drawn your arguments.
 Now the discussion and excitement attend
 ant on the introduction of this new system,
 has passed the arguments of its opponents
 have either been exhausted or hushed into
 silence. The use of the term has been
 avoided in the formation of new institutions—
 newspapers, and your own not excepted. The
 time was when our contributions for the press,
 few and feeble as they were, were stamped
 with the complexional source from w hich they
 emanated. Now’ it is otherwise; and I re
 joice in what I believe the progressive spirit
 of this age. But if the question is to be ex
 humed from the grave of the'past, 1 know of
 none so able as yourselves lo impair it resur
 rectionary power and life. I say, if the nega
 tive of this course is to be introduced by the
 Editors of the North Star, Ictus have it.
 Give us your views at length, so that your
 readers may be able to comprehend vour mu*
 poaution. It is a question of duty, and if u
 lies entomlted in darkness, let us disencumber
 it of the rubbish of tin* pan-t, so that its lumi
 nous rays may light up our pathway to future
 action. Yours, for Equality.
 \V. \V.
 West Newton, Jan. 27, l&amp;tg.
 The North Star pleas*-* me far beyond my
 very favorable anticipations. That I agree
 I with all the sentiments it advances, I by no
 means say; nor would I deem it worth my sub
 scription money if I did ,si nee it could then give
 me no new light, or food far thought and in
 vestigation. I look upon the enterprise, 0
 which its publication ts the fruit, (sis: the
 elevation of tht colored man to his just right t
and respectful eansidreation,) s* an swterpriss
 fraught wish hope for tmtceraa/ humanity,
 since the unjust degradation of one Haas In a
 nation tends ever to lower, by injustice, evety
 other class. The wrong-doer is always in
 jured to the fad extent of his victim’* suffer
 ing. Accept my hearty good wishes for the
 continued success of all engaged in your hon
 orable undertaking, and believe me
 Yours, very truly,
 v Arthur B. Frixx*.
 y'V Buetalo, Jan. 29, 1848.
 /Mrasas. Douglass A Dclast Gentle
 men In my last, I promised that you should
 hear from me often. In the fulfilment
 of that promise, I feel that my whole duty is
 not discharged short of the accompanying, pre
 requisites necessary, and no doubt always ac
 ceptable, especially m a new movement like
 j yours, and burdened with matters of such
 momentous import. I therefore enclose an
 addition to your subscription list, Wh3c *u
 doing, I feel that a more appropriate opportu
 nity could not present itself to say a word in
 regard to the position we occupy,—a glance at
 which, for years past, has, to me, always
 brought w ith it hs accompanyment of sorrow.
 In this age of false reasoning, when the
 ethics of the learned and great arc measured
 by circumstances, and dealt out by expedien
 cy, it is a matter of no surprise that subjects
 of incalculable blessing to the human race
 are sacrificed for the aggrandisement of Un
 favored few especially when men of intelli
 gence w ill stand up and proclaim before
 highest legislative tribunal in the nation, that
 tfic institution of Slavery is a part and parcel
 of the great compact; that it perfectly ac
 cords with the spirit and meaning of the word
 republican —a nation which for more than
 half a century has boasted of her constitution
 and just equalization of laws of her republi
 canism and her virtues a nation which annu
 ally, on the fourth day of July, sends up her
 merry peals of joy and thanksgiving to the
 God of Liberty, that he has so distinguished
 her altovc other nations of the earth a na
 tion the safety of whose coming destiny alone
 rests upon the perpetuity of that republican
 principle which our forefathers waded in
 blood to achieve, but in part experienced a
 principle which is dear to every true Ameri
 can, the basis upon which his liberty rests,
 and his incentive to action is founded.
 I repeat, that in an age like this, it is not
 strange that a full application of these repub
 can principles should he withheld from us,
 leaving the position we occupy, or the work
 ing out of these great principles of reform,
 mainly dependant upon our own exertions.—
 My cause for complaint, and to which I de
 sign making these few suggestions directly
 i bear, has its apparent origin among ourselves,
 either in the large amount of unconsciousness
 in regard to the important position we occupy,
 and the duties that devolve upon us in work
 ing out our own redemption, or else it is based
 upon the principle of self-exaltation. I am sor
 ry to be compelled lo make this sweeping as
 i sertion but 1 ask if it is not strange, amid
 all the intelligence our people possess, the
 difficulties to be met, and the in view,
 that our position is sot fully 'realized It
 seems that almost every redeeming feature
 or wise plan adopted to hasten aud usher in
 that delightful morn/meets its most deadly
 thrusts from the. hands of those whom it was
 intended to benefit. Instead of laying aside
 minor difficulties, or differences of opinion on
 irrelevant points, and coming up in one solid
 phalanx, to do battle with this giant Slavery,
 there seems to be a continual disposition to
 lurk by the wayside, and oppose this and that
 important movement w ithholding their influ
 ence and means but never backward to give
 liberally to support the low-, miserable, pro
 slavery, unintellectual dogmas, with which
 the world is filled. This paper cannot have
 their support, because its editors conscien
 ciously believe that not only Slavery is sinful,
 and that the combined efforts of man should
 be arrayed against it; but they also believe
 that wars should cease, and that man should
 cease to imbrue his hands in the blood of his
 fellow man that capital punishment should
 cease, Ac., Ac.; and this movement cannot
 have my support, because such an one failed,
 or it started from such and such a place, or by
 or through such and such hands. I will riot
 numerate farther. These are the difficulties,
 ray friends, which must be overcome. This
 quarrelling about wliat some call extraneous
 matter, diverting the attention from the* great
 object in view, must be surrendered and the
 overthrow of the monster iniquity, Slavery,
 be the rallying point around w hich our inter
 ests revolve, and to which all others should lie
 subservient. Although I have differed many
 years from the views of some of the great
 pioneers in this branch of reform, far be it
 from me to cherish a single thought, so long
 as they prove faithful to the slave, of re
 fusing to extend to them the right hand of
 fellowship in fact, many of the first coadju
 tors, with Win. L. Garrison, as their leader,
 have ever lain nearest my heart, and shall
 ever receive my warmest approval. I should
 be happy to see some abler pen take hold of
 this view of the subject, and enlarge more
 fully upon the imperfect views set forth.
 Yours for the oppressed,
 A. 11. FRANCIS.
 F run die Liberty Bell for 1847.
 AN ENGLISH CHILD’* NOTION
 or THE INFERIORITY OF THE COLORED FOF
 VLATION IN AMERICA.
 My little girl, between five and six years of
 age, has long been interested (so far as die
 can understand them) in the object* of the
 American Anti-Slavery Society. The last
 two years she sent her little offering to the
 Boston Fair, and has already finished the
 piece of work which is to be hier contribution
 tins year. She and her brother (two years
 younger) were admiring her work and spell
 ing out the word Liberty” in the middle of
 it, which she began to explain lo him,
 adding, after she had told him what Liber
 ty” ami Freedom” meant, For do you
 know,Dicky, in Atneiicathete are a number of
 cruel black people, who make slaves of the
 whiles’”
 1 wish any apologist of slavery could have
 seen her faof incredulity and horror when
 I corrected her mistake, and she found that in
 fact the whites were the cruel, degraded
 oppressors, and the blacks the guiltless
 victims.
 Bristol, England.
 MARRIED
 Is Boston, Ibnubv 19. Mr. Pmilif Mato, Jr.
 to Miss Ass M. Lima to
 DIED
 Is this city, as the JMi ah., ELIZABTTH, wife
 of Dr. Gates, sgsd 48.
rtREKK CORRESfW DEUCE.
We have the last mad fnrfn Eng
 land, which give m very gloomy account of
 natters these; though ie same districts, trade
 is in aone measure revhriag. The directors
 of the Bank of England have lowered the rate j
 of interest to five per cent., in consequence of
 the great amount of bullion that has recently!
 found its way into their coffins. The sub
 ject principally occupying public attention at
 the time, was, the appointment of Dr. ftamp-
 den to the vacant see of Hereford. We have
 room for only ooc or two short extracts.
 London, January, 1848.
 Trade continues exceedingly dull;'
 and there is great distress and disease through
 out the country. In London alone the death*
 are more than double the usual average. In
 Ireland, there is murder among the rich, and
 death by famine among the poor, as usual.
 The Alliance [a recent political organ nation
 having for its object the extension of thcj
 popular vote to every sane adult male, and of
 which the w ritcr is Secretary] is making pro-'
 gress; although, in consequence of our pro-;
 sent commeirial crisis, it is up-hill work.
 The cause of liberty and equality throughout!
 the world, is destined etc long, to achieve a!
 complete and final triumph. We shall
 be glad to see your Star. It is a pity it
 is called a Northern one. We have one
 of that name here; and I fear yours will
 be sometimes quoted in this country, and mis
 taken for O’Connor’s. lam glad to hear of;
 Garrison’s recovery. T. D.
Another letter says—
 There is not much going on in the political
 world at present. Lord John Russell has
 appointed Dr. Hampden to the bishopric of
 Hereford. It is that Dr. Hampden who made
 so much noise a few years ago, in the Uni-'
 versity of Oxford. A vote of censure was, at
 that time, passed against him. There is a
 great outcry now against his appointment.
 Half of the bishops have protested. The!
 dean of Hereford has written long letters to
 the Premier, complaining, that in electing Dr.
 Hampden, his conscience would be violated.
 But the Premier continued firm to his ap
 pointment and so a charge of heresy was
 got up against Dr. Hampden, which was lo
 be tried before the bishop of Oxford. The
 accusers have since backed out of their aecus-
 ation. The dean of Hereford, finding that
 Hampden was elected by a majority of the
 Chapter, though he and another voted against
 him, protested, and then quietly did the need-;
 fill to make it a unanimous election, which it
 appears it must be. Altogether, the eccle-l
 siasties have made themselves look supremely I
 ridiculous, and the Church herself very'
 servile. I suppose the servility of the Church
 was pretty well known before, to some and j
 now many others know it. Every such ex-!
 hibition hastens its downfall. R. D.
SELECTIONS.
TEXAS A FREE STATE.
 A highly intelligent correspondent of the
 Christian Watchman writing from Washing
 ton, thus speaks of the prospect of Texas soou
 becoming a free State
 I have good reason to believe that Texas
 is to become a free State at no distant day
 This comes to ire from a gentleman of Texas,
 in whose means of knowing, and ability to
 form just opinions, I have great confidence.—
 He says, the Germans, now coining by ship
 loads, and settling under the supervision of
 agents of their princes and nobles, who have
 obtained large tracts of land, are, to a man,
 opposed to slavery, and this has already been
 manifested in their local elections, and, in
 deed, that Gov. Houston was compelled by the
 force of popular opinion, to divest himself of
 his slaves, in order to secure his re-election to
 the United States Senate.”
 The above paragraph now going the rounds
 of the press will, if true, gratify even 7 north
 ern heart. We of the North are divided upon
 the means and measures best calculated to
 produce the downfall of slavery, and many,
 through party influences, seem at times to be
 arrayed upon its side but yet there are none
 within our knowledge who will not heartily
 rejoice, when the preponderance of free labor
 and free principles, induces a State to throw
 off the destructive incubus. Prior to the an
 nexation of Texas, there were strong efforts
 made to bring about so desirable a result,
 efforts which we believe would have been suc
 cessful, had it not been for annexation.
 Several years ego, there resided in New
 Orleans, a young lawyer, to whom w as in
 trusted, if we do not very much err, the man
 agement of the celebrated case of Mrs. W hit
 ney, afterwards Mrs. Gen. Gaines, w hich has
 recently been decided in her favor at W ashing
 ton, and who prophecied at that time her ulti
 mate success. 1 he mind of this lawyer be
 came awakened upon the subject of slavery,;
 and though not what is usually styled an abo
 litonist, he was strongly anti-slavery in all
 his feelings. So deeply imbued did he become
 with hostility to the system, whose evil influ
 ences every where surrounded him, that he re-
 fused to be engaged in his professional capaci-;
 tv in any suit, wherein was involved the trails- j
 fer of slave property. In the summer of 1839!
 he went to Texas, and one great object of Ins
 going thither, was, if possible, to bring about
 a state of feeling in that new country hostile
 to involunlary servitude. He was gentleman
 ly in appearance and manners, and a scholar of
 rare attainments.—He understood thoroughly,
 many modern languages, was a lawyer more
 learned in his profession, than is usually met
 with in the South-west, and altogether such
 an accession as Texas rarely obtained. He
 soon rose in position and influence among the
 people of his new home, was employed by the
 government to translate the Spanish laws and
 make clear the obscurities ol old Spanish
 grants, and deeds, and enjoyed, for a time at
 anv rate, the confidence of the leading men of
 the new republic. But he never lost sight of
 his darling object.
 As soon as he had obtained a fair foot-hold
 and a respectable fame, he began to talk upon
 the subject to some of the wealthiest slave- j
 holders and to unfold hts plan. V\e uo nut j
 propose to follow him, in all ibe argument*
 by w hich at length he gathered to his side a
 vast tKirtion oftheslave bolding interest. I nc
 appeal made, was of course to their pockets;
 they were told of the tide of free emigration,
 that would pour in was slavery abolished; of
 the consequent rise tu the price of land*, and
 of the vast addiUot to the wealth of the,
 country, such emigiatfoo would nuke, and!
 were pointed to Kent tick y, and Ohio, as
 marked illustration* and examples of ilwtiuth
 advanced. By such mean* a and we
 believe s majority of the aUveboiding interest
 were induced Lo accede to hi* b* an which
 plan was as follow* That be should go io
 England and negotiate towns with the Engihh
 earatabsts,'based oo Texan lands *ndtbe
 pledge of emancipation, that wem an effort
 Should be made by tom and others «o induce
 New Englanders, Englishmen, and Germans
 to ootomze in Texas; and that &lt;br this pur
 pose the North, England, and Germany were
 to be visited.
 England was visited sneeeasfol negoua
 lions were omnnrenced with b«r capitalists,
 when Isml Aberdeen heard of tbs subject of
 ottr remarks, and sent for him to explain the
 purpose* of his mission. A correspondent of
the Bahtmorr Patriot in Lood**, Heard of th
 interview with the BnUafc minister, wrot
 hone concerning it a commoniraiina, vhtri
 Ml under the eye* of Mr. Upshur, who the
 commenced the negotiations for snnevatior
 It will he recollected by oar resdrTs, that ib
 first letter written by our minister in Tcxai
 merit wood. that one Andrews” was pfoum
 the dowfall of slavery. This one Andrews,
 as Mr. Upshur contemptuouslv styled him, i
 the gentleman of whom we have bvn sr* ali
 ing. On his return, be was driven from Tes
 as the people being all alive for anucxitios
 —Rochester Etcninf Gazette.
 Stephen P. Andrews Faq., referred t
 above, now occupies the most prominent poo
 tioo in the Phonographic reform in this cour
 try. ills ability and philanthropy we hope
 will yet be fully appreciated. —x.
 REFUGEE SLAVES.
 The subscriber having served the cause c
 philanthropy during the past eleven years i
 t anada West, promoting the moral and inte!
 lectual elevation, as well as physical cunifni
 of the Refugees from Slavery, respectful!
 tender? his sincere thanks to all who have ai
 sisted him in bis humane and (.'hristinn onto
 prise, and wishes to make known to hi
 friends the following facts:
 1. On entering the Province in the fall
 1836, lie found a colored population of aboi
 ten thousand, which has since, more tha
 doubled, most of them fugitives from slaver)
 all refugees from oppression; nearly two-third
 of them males.
 2. So woful has been their experience, i
 the South, ii may truly be avid, They hav
 come up out of great tribulation their cm
 current testimony as to the cruelty an
 wickedness of the system under which the
 were held is convincing, not to say ovci
 whelming.
 i 3. They arc widely scattered over the fei
 tile regions of Canada West, between Lak
 Ontario, Erie, Huron, and St. Clair; fonnin
 various settlements, but many interspere
 among the white inhabitants, depending o
 them for employment.
 4. They enjoy a salubrious climate, an
 are generally a healthy, robust and athleii
 people.
 5. Possessed of more energy of chamctc
 and manly vigor than is common to the er
 slaved, there is the best of encouragement Ii
 improving their condition and rendering thei
 useful to their brethren.
 6. The laws which govern them are equ:
 table and impartial, knowing no man by hi
 complexion, yet they are to some extent ar
 noyed by prejudice.
 7. They reach their asylum in a state c
 utter destitution, but by persevering industn
 many have made themselves comfortable, sum
 as mechanics, sonic as tillers of the soil, dad
 laborers, &amp;c.
 8. Not more than one in twenty could eithc
 read or w rite w hen they came there, but man
 have since learned and have had hundreds t
 liibles and Testaments and thousands c
 Teligious tracts, books, primmers, &amp;c
 distributed among them from England and th
 United States, besides large quantities i
 clothing.
 9. Having sheltered themselves under th
 protecting segis of Victoria’s sceptre, wher
 the avaricious mart thief could no longer did
 turb them, many have sought and found dc
 liverance from the thraldom of sin, and ar
 consistent Christians—mostly Methodists an
 Baptists.
 10. Twelve missionary teachers are ther
 employed, four of whom are ministers of tin
 gospel, all in need of assistance the pionee
 i missionary having sacrificed everything bu
 life, and laid that upon the altar—bereft o
 j his companion in his absence from home
 stricken, smitten of Cod and afflicted,” i
 J alxiut to be deprived of his only shelter fo
 himself and four motherless children. Cea*
 ing from man, he trusts in God alone, and i
 disposed to persevere, taking joyfully th
 spoiling of his goods. 5
 11. A manual labor school is in progress
 at Dawn’s Mills, western district, sixty mile
 1 from Detroit, and twenty from the St. CDi
 river, which promises to be extensively am
 permanently useful to the Refugees and thei
 children. George Cary is the principal teach
 er and Secretary, to whom all communica
 tions respecting said school should be ad
 dressed.
 12. Remittances in aid oT tha Canada mis
 sions, carefully designated, may be suit 1&lt;
 Lewis Tappan, New York, Samuel D. Porter
 Rochester, N. Y., Robert E. Waleut, 21
 Com kill, Boston, and Hamilton Hill. Oberhn
 Ohio. litkam Wilson.
 Boston, Jan. 3, 18-18.
 MASSACHUSETTS vs. PENNSYL
 VANIA.
 COLORPHOBI A IN PENNSYLVANIA.
 Our friend Dr. David Peck, a highly re
 spectable young physician, who has lately
 taken up his residence among us, w ith a view
 of practising in his profession, went on a cer
 tain evening to the auction room of Messrs.
 Thomas Son, in Walnut street, to attend a
 sale of medical books. He had been induced
 to go from seeing advertisements of the sale
 in the papers, in which gentlemen of the
 medical profession had been especially ifivited
 to attend. He had not been long in the room
 till he was waited upon by one of the Messrs
 Thomas, and told that persons of his com
 plexion could not be permitted there. He
 stated that he was a physician, that his busi
 ness there was to purchase fcsioks. In reply,
 he was told that if he would leave the names
 of the works he wanted, they would be
 bought in for him, but that his presence could
 not be allowed. Our friend, though practi
 cally pretty well acquainted with American
 prejudice—os every one of his caste who is
 brought up in this country is obliged to be—
 was not looking for any manifestation quite so
 unreasonable and brutal as this, lie left the
 room, however, without any further words,
 but deeply penetrated with this insult.
 Dr. Peck is a gentleman of the utmost re
 spectability. He is a man of educated mind,
 refined manners, and holds a diploma from
 one of our Western colleges as a regular
 Graduate of Medicine. But here in Phila
 delphia he is turned out of an auction room—
 to which, in common w ith otbefs, he had been
 invited —and*no other reason alleged than that
 of his complexion! The auctioneer was
 fearful —if he permitted Dr. Peck to be pres
 ent—of giving oflence to the Southern stu
 dent, but the nwjtive instead of mitigating,only
 aggravates the offence. Can aordidness and
 servility be any excuse for such ili-bred bru
 tality Penn. Freeman.
 EQUALITY IN MASSACBfSETTS,
 Robert Mobbis.—The past week is me
 morable in the bistort of the colored people
 of this State, if r.ot of the Union, by thcfirM,
 appearance in the Courts of Justice of one
 of their number as a member of the Bar.—
 We have known one case, at least, where a
 colored man argued his own cause before a
 jury. Probably others have occurred. But
 we are not aware that a colored man has ever
 argu-d a cause to a jury as a C oursellor of
 the Court. The respect and kindness with
 which he was treated by the bar and the
 bench, did honor to both, while they showed
 bow great has been the improvement in pufo
 lie opinion during the last few years.
 Mr. Morris is well known to many of our
 readers— having owed to the generosity of
 Ellis Gray Lonag his general education as
 well as his preparation for the bar. Has in
 dustry and assiduous study, aptness for busi
 ness and general capacity, have well repaid
 the kindness extended to him- Hi* appear
 ance in this, bis first ease, was highly credit
 able. The novelty smarted a Urge audi
 ence, and the friends of his race might well
 rejoice thru it foil to the lot of die so well
 fitted to make the fins experiment. Mr. Mor
 ris too well known to make it necessary
 that we should recommend him to the notice
 of those who need his professional semcet.—
 JLdfrattr.
(IHEIfIU.
Romarrc*. Fs*. f, ISO*.
 rfcnugr rf in—iLfiiWß m
 l |M week. Win! Mtiw
 V7 Hlf U*rl. n»» is withM
 L-r e fc MHS, om 83 23
 bru, qp—lu, u*. refry
 a trm «by*» ia hopes «f rkr
 Advices fr&gt;ua lb*- hr-* i 6hw«t M the Eu r.^__
 l~d
 awl tint tbr sales a few week* hnm «,R h* b***
 F«.r (be List Irw days, a* will be «m by the Ne»
 Vuffc Report, prices have rather drooped, aMfpcvi
 hri ig unwilling to pay over *i\ dollar*.
 Staar small parcels «f Cora hare mar i n .Win;
 the week, and hare berti ukea at 44 to 30 cts
 Barley 56 to 60 rts; QaU Cl rt&gt;.
 Btrk*Vat FVw, 12 t It*, per rat.
 Batter sclis at 18 rrnts per fc.
 Rockestei Wholesale Price* Carre at.
 FliOl R A!*i&gt; ME.\lr—Dnt\ JO p p ad ral
 Klwr, |f 1M 500 5 30
 Cora men I, (f ln*h 56
 PROVISION*—DuIy; IWf.Pork.liams, B-cow,
 Batter awl lanl, 20fr; IVtw 30 p r wl ral
 Pork, (iwrss) 12 50 Cll 50
 IV&gt;. in h»g 4 25 I 73
 Beef. rat. 3 50 400
 Do. bhl. (n»h») 700 ft? 800
 I-anl (trin!) plb 8 8$
 Do- (*r*f.) 8| 10
 Hams, (smoked) 7 A.. 8
 Show) ters, &lt;k&gt;. 6 ft 7
 Tmkn* yft 6| C.. 7
 Chickrn* 7
 I'ntatiiw, lw&gt;h ..50
 fißAl.X—lhrty 20 |f r ad ral
 Wheat, Ufcdi 125
 Com 41 50
 Rve 00
 Oat* 23®..40
 Bailey 38
 HIDES—Duty; 5 f r ail ral
 Slaughter SI
 Calf ..8
 Sheep Pelts 75
 SEEDS—lhity Liuaeed 10 |f c; Mustard 20
 c ail ral
 Clover 4 50 ft 500
 Timothy 123 200
 Flax 1 25
 FlSH—Duty ihi foreign caught; 20 cad ral
 Whitcfmli bid 7 30
 Codfish rat 4 23
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, Mil 121
 Apj U, f lsush 25
 l)o. dried 56 (ft! 63
 Eggs, \f dom 15
 Ik-ans, Ixisli 97
 Hay, |f ton 10 00 12 50
 Hard wood 300 Ox. I 00
 Soft wood 2 75
 BRIGHTON CATTLE MARKET.—Jan. 20.
 At, naikrl, 323 Beef Cattle, 6 yokes workin
 Oxen, 15 Cows an 1 Calves, 1000 Sliecp, ami alum
 200 Swine.
 Beef Cattle—Extra quality, 8? 00; first quality
 6 50; second do. £5 ®8 6.
 Working Oxen—Sales n&lt;»t noticed.
 Cows ami Calves—Sales ranged from 18, £26(8
 34.
 Sheep—Sales of lots at 8 1 12tf?2 63.
 Swine—Sales were not notice I.
 M. B.—Market very thinly attended.
 New York, Feb. 2.
 Flour and Meal—The flour market is quiet to da;
 and w ithout change. Hie sales are 1300 libbi a
 £6 (ft! 6 12; there were also sales IiKM) bids lie Ma;
 at If 5 87$. Tlietraile lirouglit in small lots. Then
 apjH-ars to lie no shipping enquiry.
 Meal is 8 3 (ft) 3 I**, with sales 1000 Id;Is on tlx
 s|s&gt;t and 200 do f &gt;r future delivery.
 Grain—Wlieat is wanteil for milling, and sale*
 2000 bushels Genesee at 81 35, ami small lot ol
 Ling Island at 8 1 25. Corn was dull at 6lif£67 rts
 for new. Sales 6or 8000 husliels; in other grains
 litlle doing. Rye 90 Bailey HCtfrlX);'; Oats 47®50
 rts, and dull.
 Provisions have been ratlrer quiet to day. Pork
 has a downward tendenry. Prime heel 83 87$ foi
 city; sak-s 500 kegs Lard at Bs, ami lOOldds
 Pickled Meats very dull.
 Sales 300 firkins Butter, Tompkins 00., at 17 els
 ami demand good.
 A sires—Pearls are up to £7 5Q©7 75; Pots an
 £5 and firm.
 Cotton tjuiet to day.
 Groceries firm and iu gmsl demand.
 Steiling closed dull at S£lo.
 The Steamer takes 840,000 in gold, and 8 10,00 C
 in silver. Freights firm.
 At the second Board Storks were firm.
 For the al*&gt;ve we are priuci|Killy indebted to tlx
 Daily American.
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drug*, Mnli
 chies, Chemicals, Dye* Stuffs, Taints, Varnish,
 Oils, (ilasivvare, Itruslies, Perfuniwj IhigneiTeonpe
 Stork, Freiirli and (ieruian Chemicals, Artists*
 Colors, Bruslirs and Canvass, Ktherial Oil, Gold
 I.raf ami Foil, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 Being Agents for most of the celeiirated Family
 ami valuable Talent Medicines, and receiving t|M
 same directly from tlte Manufacturers or tlieir Agents,
 thev are enabler! to supply all orders at wlmleiiulr
 and retail, on the most favorable terms,
 Ilnin&lt;ro|Ktthie B&lt;M,ks, Medicine*, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New Vork.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory .Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Ethrrial Oil and f,ainps, for
 Isiming tlie same. Those who Would Consult ecu*
 noinv ami convenience are invited to examine t)w-Mc
 faunps. 'Tlte attention of Country .Men liants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, wishing g-mds in the
 above line, is requrstrel at tin; ATOTiIECARIEiS*
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street,
UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 THE Hubscrils’rs are mantifarturing this invaluable
 Cooking Stove, dcsig-icd far Cowl or Wisml,
 warranted to excel any other stove ever invented,
 and constructed strictly upon philosophical principles.
 Ti»e Ovt'fl Ivxtid by hot air, (the only hot air oven
 ever xitented,/ and warranted to twite as well as
 any lirick oven. For sale only by tlie undersigned,
 wholesale and retail, 34, Exchange Street.
 11. BCBII It CO.
OWEN MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY,
 C.tutlt THE MUSEUM late KISH EH It MORRIS.
 MK. MORRIS was in tlie employ of Mr. Marcus
 Morse far seven years, and during that time
 procured for him three Silver Medals, Cir the best
 iperiiWM of Book Binding, exhibited at tlte Me
 chanics’ Fairs la-Id in Utis city and Bu&amp;ilo.
 Gentlemen's Libraries titled up ami repaired
 Music Taper ruled; Music ami Terksticals l«Htnd
 and fioi«!e-d to any rwttem. Blank Are. Mint Honk*
 executed at tilis establishment Itnve giveu uatrepiaiicd
 sati.liru.ai, by their durability elrgaarr. Strict
 atlcr.tr.n is always paid to tlie &lt;|oality of paper used,
 to ren ler th&gt; rn rental to the best in tlie L'uited State*
 of those imported.
 I.idics’ Scrap ami (iuard Books, Aflatro* am!
 Portfolio*, in all tlieir varieties, maiaiLutorcd to
 ofdcr in the best sty lr.
 Banks, Institution*, ffirirtire, hr., may Is
 assured of work Iwiirg ilouc on the must advantag -ons
 tends.
 Centlmen residing at a distance, by parking ami
 fi&gt;r warding volumes to the ats.ve directim:*, »fctting
 price ami sty le, may rely upon tlieir Ictng well hound
 •m tlie most tn-/table terms, also canlully ami
 I Mistrust IS rdsne b
 N.B. 1V proprietor lias spared no expense in
 fining op the esCtMishtueut, ami intresiuri.ig WUi
 W*-»Ufn New V-«k the latest int;jv&gt;i (incut* in
 Book Binding.
 OWEN MORRIS,
 City Bimiery, min the Museum,
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW enpir* &lt;&gt;f CI.UtKhO.XH lIISTORI
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE MM YE
 TRA DE, with prefatory rnmii* on the snjncr.t
 alsdition of Slavery; a hr-, undid lam low relttmu,
 with a fee Portrait of the Astisr, 'feme on stred,—-u
 tse k which eueli la- ix)oriel t* Irss tiu* liew
 dollars, can be had at n.Brekilt, if irpliel le
 iTiham-hr.M the vervluw price of Oar. Dolls*,
 cash. Alm&gt;, EC LOGIC M ON C I.kRKSO.N, by
 .UtliiDtt Cat m xtLL, at lha reduced prim «4
 twelve and a half rents.
 Robert morium, ja7,~Au«ra*v **d (w
 seßor at Law, Ikun’t Bottling, State Street.
 JOSEPH 11. TTRTIN would invite the attention
 of his frmatU and the f «W*r to has DAO I KR
 RIAN GALLERY, Aw. ÜB. /ham. Mr-'t, where
 he plrvbfr. aims ri to rvinW Minattwrr* w rtk a Itfe
 bkr fimdt. and au ns moderate terms as any othevs
 I the profession.
 MACON B. ALLEN. Attomrv and Ci suffer
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
BOYS* CLOTHING.
 SAMIXL W 11305, 14. Brattle I'M. having
 ■air rwrnl wMiiiu«i wlw and, is »wy&gt;W hr
 ftmA WHS' WTHfNG, &lt;4 u mm«\ mmrnrmJ
 ami if, ami at aa (inf price*, aa earn W uhsaaawd m
 tfcr city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING &amp;TORK*
 No. 56, (’mot NMf
 JOHN WRIGHT koef* omstaalW hand
 {ml variety of Jft» ai» I f*om»*l Hand Cl j thinf.
 *i&lt;u&gt;k of alt kwJt,««h aa uH chain. W. I. food*,
 W atrlara. B.»ii and Shat, he., cuhaafal (a aan
 «fc*fc*ng. t’aafc xltuc*l o*» all hiadb at nod#,
 Cr&lt;aa nor in w honirni (MWr.
 JOHN D. RF.YALEON. Hair Salaoa,
 U »*«*OH*fy Empnomm, 114, Biachatuaaat.
 0.1.1 \M RKD, Hair Ifrrwaing and Bathing
 J*a»"on, ley llouar, Troy, New Yah.
 HEW YORK A BYERTtSEHEYTS.
 P 1111.IP A. WHITE, Druggist ,eu*w*s ofFraak
 kid ami (niU Strret.
 WILLIAM 8. POWELL, lk*. f|,
 tVm Sticcl.
 DR. J. MtTNE SMITH, W, W,* Bcamb
 way.
 TJINMNGS, Surgeon-lVmtist, Im, ,N«th
 Broodwav.
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CVRE.
 THE omlrr/igncd, gntefidH appreciating ihe fradrt
 fucnrrh h war. led by a discerning pul die to hi*
 success a* n HydmpalLii- Pn*ctin»«M-r. would raa
 |r«ifiilK inform tie frifi*'* of Hydropathy, that hi*
 estulJishmrnt is pleasantly situated near Henson ilia,
 &lt;&gt;n tin* nest Unk nl' the Licking Water, nr Mill
 River, about two an.l a half miles from tie rtntia
 of the loan. It is thirty-six by seventy fevt; threw
 stories high, with a piaxxa on the south »i!e. Thera
 are sej*»r;.te parlors, Within* and dressing rooms, fa
 in lies and gentlemen. Tin-re an* also twenty lodging
 rooms, ea-li of yvhicli is well ventilatel ami con
 venieiitly furnished for tlie aeroinrtv slat lon of two
 liersotu. Am&lt;in« tile variety of With# in the esta-
 MishiiM-nt are, tlie plunge, dourhe, drencher, and
 spray liatlis. 'Pile ladies’ plunge is six hy ten feet,
 thiee and a half deep; tlie gentlemen’s, eight by
 twelve, thiee and a hi»M* rlccp. 'Fliere arc also two
 col l (hutches, one of w liirli is situated a mile, amt tha
 otlier Haifa mile from tlx.- establishment. The fiurmer
 has a fall of twenty-two feet, tlte Litter eighteen.
 The srenery in this vicinity is pictnresqea and
 romantic. There are a variety of p.lcasant walla
 passing near and to springs ol pun. water. Thu
 walks are snthesently reined to ulh w water-corn
 patients to appeur ss they should, p ai dy dressed,
 enjoying Uieir rambles, without ber g np »l is
 public ga/.e or observation. Since daily experience,
 for the List three years, has strengthened his opinion,
 that tin- rondilion of the aki-i clearly indientea tit*
 character of many diseases, and tlie olililg or tnnbtlitg
 of an invalid to fear (lie water treatment in its
 various fimus also tlie necessity of applying the
 dry woollen blanket, &lt;r tlie wet sheet, t»&gt; promote
 ev"a|'oniti hi or a sweat, when eitlier may lie neces
 sary and from results which luive attended hi* appli
 cation of the treatment, he hesitates not to say, that
 tlie rln tric symptom of tire skin indicates nmhry or
 ymir, and that an invalid, win we skin is mil ulteialcd
 with this symptom, cannot lie safely or sorcessfulhr
 treated with wafer. Among the complaints whirl*
 are liere surer sdiillv treated, are ptdinonary.affection,
 liver complaints, jaundice, arute or chronic inflam
 mation of the Imwels, piles, dyspepsia, grneial de
 hilitv, nervous and spinal aflectiiMis, intlaiiuuatory
 or chnuiic rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica, lam*
 limbs, iMiralysis, fevers, salt rheum, scrofutais ami
 erysiiielus bnmois.
 All atients who visit this establishment 6&gt;r a
 course of tmitnient, should furnish tliemselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one linen
 and three cotton starts, two pillow cases, six crash
 towels,some sell worn linen, to cut for fomentations,
 an old cloak or mantle, and a syringe.*
 Terms for tieatiocnt aial ls&gt;ard are 5 5 50 per
 yveek,for tla.se who occupy rooms on tlie third floor;
 on the lir&gt;t and second tUairs, Ifi 00 jier week,
 payable weekly washing extia. A sit lent, wla&gt;,
 from eboiee or nercssity, occupies a room ulone, ou
 the third floov, will pay itrH 00 ja-r week; on tlvw
 first and serond tlisirs, #8 50 per week. Invalids
 yy ho are so feeble as to laed extra attention and fin*
 in their rooms, (except for swathing |air;wises,) yvill
 procure their own nitrscs and fuel, or pay an extra
 price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Xiirtknmpt &gt;n, Aug. 1.^47.
 M.IL 'l'lie iitflietcd, desirous of Iwiiig examined in
 reg-.ud to tlieir complaints, and of ascertaining tho
 adaptediiess of tla- w ater-eure in tlieir particular
 ease, should call on Tuesdays and Fridays.
 This iiistriinieiit may he obtained at tko esta
 blishment.
 TVriI.I.IAM B. LfKIAN, Dniler in FusliionaLl*
 VV Hoots and Sla.es, 80, I’urclume Street, New
 Bedford.
 \V. B, L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 pai.l to custom-made woik, by Missis. I’aiker and
 IFavis.
 WASHINGTON’S Dngnerrian Gallery, 136,
 Main Street, Kellogg’s Building*, Hartford,
 Connei-tieiit.
 f PHE NATIONAL ERA Washington &lt;’ity,
 A District of (‘oltimhin. G. Ibuley, Editor; John
 G. hittier, Corresisnidiiig Editor. L. I*. Nobis,
 Publisher.
 The loading purjN.se of this journal is, tlie dis
 cussion of the ipiestion of Slavery and tla- advoearj
 of tlie main prim i|&gt;les of tlie Liberty Party. Dam
 attention is given to Social aihl Political (piesliona
 of geiwral iiiiportunce nor are the iutcier.t* of a.
 pure Literature overlooked.
 It aims to preserve a faithful record of impiutant
 events; of inventions or discoveries affecting tho
 |ir&lt;sguis« of society; of public doruiurnts of |wrina
 neut value and, dining tlie session* of Congress, to
 present such repoits of its proceeding*, as will c*n
 vey a eorn-ct idea m.t only if At, ai ifeo, but of ft#
 spirit and jwdicy. Tin* lU bates on tlio exciting sub
 jeet* of BLivery and the Mexican War, exjiected to
 arise in tlie next Congress, will oc«fy a huge shai*
 of its rokuims.
 Amuigeineuts Iwve Iwen netde fee oxteolmg and
 enriching its already valnal.le dipurtment of home
 and foreign correspoiafence.
 It is. printed on a mammoth siieet, of flic finest
 ijuality, in tlie U»t style, at j;2a yea r, p.ydlt i*.
 odntnut.
 The generous spirit in which the Frit has hrei*
 weletHiu-d hy tlie puUie press, amt the very hloral
 patriHGige it has receive.] during this, tho hr»t &gt;**r
 its existence, encourages ns to ho| e for largo
 accessions to our subset iptinu list.
 Jt is desirable that sulocriplions I* frwaribwl
 withmrt delay, so that they may U: euUted Lcfora
 die apf)roaching 4 wttgross.
 All culuiiiui.MatH.iu. addressed to
 L. P. NOBLE,
 Pallukrt nf thr Xji n-ii pm, tl'a,A.ngfca, J&gt;,#?.
 RMIK DAII.V AND WEEKLY CINCONO-
 A TYPE. Eiiited by Klims Wright. PiMol#i|
 Inr \Mnte, I’.-tu-r r.ght, 15, State Blreet,
 Boston. 'Perms: Daily ONE 4 F-NT, each |M.m
 -la-r. E &gt;-r any sum forwarded to the publisher* ftee
 of cxjjciisc, tin y will send the paj or at that rale till
 thr money is exhuerted. Weekly, Two Dollars a
 year in advance, .*r t»r any sliorter time at the tame
 rate. Fur five doilarf, t/ucc COfh* will be sent U.r
 •rum year.
 'fids jnl .1 feat ion is Witr'r in tlie finest stylo ef
 nrwrj apor ty|*&gt;graj h«. It is in&gt;*ej emlont *4 all
 •eefs, parlies, arrl rhrpu*, CTpr.s.iog feroly the
 views of its editor an.l of such e&lt;oresfo*u!ei ts as ho
 thinks pv js r to admit, on all suljrr-ts of L«aiaa
 interest.
 It advocate* ecpiality *4 human rights, awl tho
 als/hlem sk*veiy, tie n-«gh Land Seth*m, rheap
 postage, il-lssw four Mbaitaiisf drirk*, ex
 emption of leiorsnanre torn fro lax* s to frjatf the
 damages of driidimg, a rck rm m writing ami *y»fl
 i*&gt;g the Enghth hmgisig.-, Die ahulttiroi of ra| rtal
 fvundune.it, universal and hosily tiiaraiton in rrli*
 gum, life am! health inenranre, water-rwro, working
 men’s |*.*dilr 01.1..H5, and ail i.ther |u*l»al
 f.nas of *«us:Mlsa ka annual awl—and g* iw ralS
 Pr.«gres*.
 It also give# the m w from »!1 (tarts of the Ma
 in in ik- most ctnul* 1 srd end iirt* lli;.l le style.
 It* Event**, r. |.l»r aheaily very Lrg* —so
 large tl.at it will le rtrr* ass-,1 only 10 osslios tha&lt;
 tie |«|*-r Ptrytasting rxchaage adi k**p &lt;l*
 »«Ve ProeprvtU* stats’ mg in i's r- Wir*.
 Aav emutry f&lt;qer «b«rh will ke«p tie »lsve .a
 its rs&gt;ltj*n-*s, awl faaa.sh ms silk lie usvt
 news if rts vicinity ly slip &gt;t .Slsis."', t
 •4 its |W.le shall be Pff***
 1 bails tbawlyie. u* ruk**ts hm H»
 have *air hc#t liou-k» and dee
 THE rt**» tIERS.
 Bo Mejo. 2. 1*47.
 TIIE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIffT.
 A PAPER sfife**"*' 1,1 .a
 Uikni&gt;2t.a. by *hv IhUaaro AMi44|*V(cv
 SnrsNy. I« B be «aaa*it*ee, usl ad(
 f» ammr. «r 6«* laeaty-frmr Msadev#. liwiDt*
 devoteel ti» wannnpwiuai w I*r taw are, xml win ad
 vacate its acc-auxdi*lHarvM by all lawful meat**,
 •iH he published semi-nwottbS, if asra-ta ara -J
 -(nsdob M a* oßca a* the soars he d-uiusd,
 JAMI&gt; M BROOKE
 PuMishiag A^eg|
"
