"Notices.
 Pawtucket Autl-*lurery r«ir.
 I'he Anti-Slavery women of Pawtucket
 will held their Thirteenth Annual Fair, at
 the Hall of Pawtucket Hotel, commencing
 Wednesday, Feb. 7lh, at 2 o’clock P. M.,
 and will continue through (hat and the follow*
 mg afternoon and evening.
 'l'he invitation goes forth to ail—4Jome, aid
 us in giving liberty to the captive, and opening
 the prison doors to them that are bound.
 Kebekah Mitchell Maria Dexter.
 Miry Peek, Ruth Siaeon.
 Klizaheth Shove. Susan Shove,
 Avis Sisson. J. Adams,
 Father Read, Susan Sianne.
 PaWTCCKKT, Ist mo 27th. 1849.
AateSlavery IrrUsfi.
 Freokrick DoioLta* and Jons S. J/uoaa
 will hold Anti-Slavery meetings m the fol
 low ing places
 Henrietta, Monday evening. Feb. 12.
 Mendon. Tuesday 13.
 Htah, Wednesday, 14.
 Avon, Thursday. li.
 Uma. Friday, l«.
 W. Bloomfield Saturday 17.
 Canandaigua Hundav lb.
 Rushville Monday 19.
 I'enn Van Tnesdav 20.
 Prattaburg, Wednesday 21.
 Hath, Thursd. A' Frid. 22 23.
 ID* This is intended as the commence
 ment of a senes ol meetings to lie held in
 this Slate. Our friends in the several places
 above-mentioned, will confer a favoi on us,
 and we hope aid the cause of the slave, by
 securing suitable places for the meetings, and
 giving extensive notice of the same.
 American Slavery.
 J*he Sixth of a Series) of lectures on thii
 Mili|&lt;vt will he delivered by Frkdkrk k Dou
 oi.vss, in Mineiva Hall, on Sunday evening
 next, Feb. 11. eommencing at 7 o’clock
 Mr. Calhoun’s Manifesto.
 The Address of Moutbercn Delegates In
 (‘•tigress to thekr t anstltitents.
 We whose names arc hereunto annexed,addr*«
 you in disciiarg'- of what we lielieve to lie a so!
 &lt;-rnn duly, on tlie most important subject everpre
 denied tor your consideration. We allude to the
 con diet between the two great taectiotis of the Un
 n»u, growing out of a difference of feeling an*
 opinion in reference to the relation existing be
 tween the two races, (he European and African
 which inhabit the southern section, and the acti
 of aggression and encroachment to which it liai
 led.
 The conflict commenced not long after the ac
 knowledgment of our independence, and hai
 gradually increased until it has arrayed the grea
 body of the North against the South on this ntosi
 vital subject. In the progress of this conflict, ag
 gression lias followed aggression, and encroach
 ment after encroachment, until they have reached
 a point when a regard for peace, and safety, wit
 not permit us to remain longer silent. The object
 of this address is to give you a clear, correct, bui
 brief account of the whole series of aggression
 ami encroachments on your rights, with a state
 ment of the dangers to w hich they expose you.—
 hi» object in making it is not to cause excitement
 Imt to put you in full possession of all the facts
 and circumstances necessary to a full atfd just
 conception of a deep Heated disease, which threat
 ens great danger to you and the whole body poli
 ce. We act on the impression, that in a popula
 government like ours, a true conception of the ac
 Inal character and state ot a disease isindispensi
 ble to effecting a cure.
 We have made it a joint address, because w
 believe that the magnitude of the subject require
 that it should assume the most impressive and sol
 emn form.
 Not to go further back, the difference ot opin
 ion and feeling in reference to the relation be
 tween the two races disclosed itself in the conven
 non that formed the constitution, and constitute!
 one great difficulty in forming it. After tnan;
 efforts it was overcome by a compromise, whicl
 provided, in the first place, that representative
 mid direct taxes shall he apportioned among th'
 Stales according to their respective numbers an&lt;
 that, in ascertaining the number of each, five slave
 shall be estimated as three. In the next, tha
 -laves escaping into States where slavery does no
 exist, shall not be discharged from servitude, hu
 shall be delivered up on claim of the party ti
 whom their labor or service is due. In the thin
 place, that Congress shall not prohibit the impnr
 tauoii of slaves before the year 1808 hut a la:
 not exceeding ten dollars may l*e imposed on earl
 imported. And finally, that no capitation or di
 reel tax shall la- laid, but in proportion lo federa
 numbers, and that no amendment of (he coiwtilu
 nou, prior to IwOB, shall effect this provision, no
 that relating to the importation of slaves.
 8e satisfactory were these provisions, that th&lt;
 second .relative to the delivering up of fugitive slavei
 wax adopted unanimously, and all the rest, exrep
 tire third, relative to the importation of slaves un
 til 1808, with almost equal unanimity. They re
 oguize the existence of slavery, and make a spe
 i-ific provision for its protection where it was sup
 powd to be the most exposed. They go further
 and incorporate it, as an important element, in de
 tennining the- relative weight of the several Statei
 iii the government of the I'nion. and the respect
 ive burden they should bear in laying capitation ant
 direct taxes. It was well undetsiood at the time
 that, without themtlie constitution would not havi
 been adopted by the Southern States, and, o
 t-onrae, that they constituted element* so essentia
 to the system that it never would have exiatet
 w itliout them. The Northern States, knowing al
 this, ratified the constitution, thereby pledging thei
 faith, in the most solemn manner, sacredly to ob
 serve them. How that faith lias lieen kept am
 that pledge redeemed we -diali next pioceed ti
 •how.
 With few exceptions ot no great importance
 ihe South had no cause to complain prior to tin
 year 181!!—a year, ii is to lie feared, destined t&lt;
 mark a train of events, binging w ith them many
 and great, and fatal disasters, on the country am
 its institutions. With it commenced the agitatnq
 debate on the question of the admission of Mis
 souri into the I'nion. We shall pass by for tin
 present this question, and others.if the same kind
 directly growing out of it. ami shall proceed M
 consider the eflii-t&gt;- of that spirit of discord, whicl
 it roused up le-lween the two sections. It firs'
 disclosed iiself m ihe North, by hostility to thai
 |iortion ot the constitution w lurli provides tor tin
 delivery up of fugitive slaves, lo its progress*, i
 Jed to I lie adoption ot hostile acts, intended to ren
 der it of non-effect. and with so much sticce*
 that it may be regarded now a.- practically ex
 ponged from the must mu ion. How ibis Iras ls-er
 e ffected will be next explained
 Auer a careful examination, truth constrains u
 to *uy, that it has l&gt;ecn by a clear and palpabh
 r ation of the constitution. It is impossible to
 eny provision to tie more tree trom.ambiguity oi
 doubt. It is m the following words “No pernor
 held lo service, or labor, in one Stale, under iht
 laws thereof, escaping into another State, shall, u
 oorts-equeuce of any law or regulation therein, fa
 discharged from such sen se or labor, but shall b&lt;
 delivered up on claim ol the party to whom aud
 service or labor may be due All is clear. Ther
 is not an uncertain or equivocal word to be loom
 in the whole provision What shall not lie done
 ..ud what shall l»e done, are fully and explicit!
 •ei forth. 'l’he former provides ihat the fugiuv
 »lavc shall not lw discharged from hi* servitude b
 any Uw or regulation of the State where.n he
 louod and the latter that lie ahall be dehvere
 no on claim of bis owner.
 We do not deem it necessary to undertake i
 tebite the sophistry and subterfuge* by which s
 I'iau. a provision of the Constitution has been eva
 d*d, and, ill effect, annulled It constitutes an ei
 ontal part ot the conatitutioual eumjinrt, and r
 c ourse of the supreme law of the land. A* sue
 it i* *itiding uu alt the federal and State govern
 menia. the States and mdinduals COtitJrUMOf then
 The sacred obligation of compart, and the so lent
 .ujuiictiou ol tbr supreme Uw. which legtaJato*
 sad Judges, l&lt;otb tederai and State, are bound b
 oath u&gt; support, alt untie to enforce it* lulfilmsH
aeeaeilttg to for ptefo meaning and tm intent.
 Wkat that meaning and intent am, there was an
 diversity of qdafoa in the better day* of the re*
 pubiie, prior to 1819. Ceagrean, State laegfola
 tnree,State and Federal Judge*. Magistrate*, and
 people, nil spontaneously placed the saate nterpre*
 tatwaoo it Daring that period aeae fotermeed
 impediments in the *»y« ihe owaen seeking lo
 recover his fagitive slave nor did any deny his
 right to have every peeper facility to enforce his
 claim to hare him delivered op. It was then near* I
 ly« eaay to recover ooe found in a Northern
 Bute, as ooe found m a neighboring fWhera
 State. Bat thin has punned away, and the provio-
 ion ia defunct, except perhaps in two states, (m)
 we take into consideration the imparl
 ance and clearness of this provision, the &gt;na*« j
 by which it has been ret aside may fairly he re
 garded as one of the moot fatal blows ever receiv
 ed by the Sooth sad the Eaton. a Jht* raaoot be
 more concisely sod correctly Mated than H has
 been by two of the learned judge* of the Supreme
 Court of tire United State*. In one of his deo
 smos (4) Judge Story said: lifotoriraUy. it i?
 i well known that the effect of this clause was to
 secure to the citizen* of the Slavebotdiag State*
 the complete right and title of ownership in their
 slaves, as property, in every State the Union,
 into winch they might escape from the State
 wherein they were held in sarvitude.- The toll
 recognition of this right and title was indispensa
 ble to the security of this *pe-ies of property in ail
 ihe shareholding Stales, and. indeed, was so vital
 j to the preservation of their institution* that it rau
 be doubted that H constituted a fuvdamental
 article, without the adoption ol w hich 'be l.'muti
 would not have not been fomied. It* true design
 war to guard against the doctrine* ami principles
 ptevalent m the non-Maveholding Slates, by pre
 venting them front intermeddling with, or r*-strict
 ijig, or alioUshing the nghtf- ol the owner* of
 slaves.”
 Again. Tlte clause was therefore of the last
 importance of the safety and security of the *mnh
 I cm State*, and could not be surrendered by them
 without endangering their whole property in slaves,
 i The clause was accordingly adopted -n (lie conwi-
 I tut ion, by the unanimous conaent of the framers of
 it—a proof at once of its intrinsic and practical
 aecesfoty
 Again. The clause manifestly contemplate*
 the existence of a positive unqualified right on the
 I part of the owner of the slave, which no State
 law or regulation can in any way regulate.control,
 qualify, or restrain.”
 The opinion of the other learned Judges was
 not less emphatic a* to the importance ol this pro
 vision and the unquestionable right ol the South
 under it. Judge Baldwin, in charging the jury,
 said, (r) “If there arc any rights of property
 1 which can be enforced il one citizen have aoy
 rights of property which arc inviolvable underthe
 protection of the dipirine law ol the State, and
 the Union, they are those which have been set at
 I naught by some of these defendants. As the own
 er of property, which he had a |*erfcct right to pos
 sess, protect, and take away—as a citizen of a
 j sister State, entitled to all ihe privilege* and im
 -1 muuities of citizens of any other Stal&lt; Mr.
 1 Johnson stands before you on a ground oil which
 the government itself is based. It the defendants
 loan he justified, we have no longer law or jov
 •eminent.”
 I Again, after referring more particularly to the
 provision for delivering up fugitive .-la ve«, lie said
 Thus you see, that the foundations ot th&lt;- govern
 mem are laid, and rest on the right of properly in
 slaves. The whole structure must fall by disturb
 ing the comer stone.”
 j These are grave, and solemn, and admonitory
 words, front a high source. They confirm all for
 i which the South has ever contended, as lo
 I the clearness, importance, and fundamental cliar
 acter ol this provision, and the disastrous oonse
 -1 quences which would inevitably follow from its vio
 -11 huion. But in spite of these solemn warnings, the
 violation then commenced, and which they were
 intended to rebuke, has been fully and perfectly
 j consummated, 'i'he citizens of the South, in their
 attempt to recover their slaves, now meet, instead
 oi aid and co-operation, resistance in every form
 1 resistance from hostile -ret'of legislation,intended
 i to baffle and defeat their claims by all sorts of de
 vices, and by interposing every description of irn
 pediment—resistance from judges and magistrates
 —and finally, when all these fail, from mohe, com
 posed of whites and blacks, which by threats or
 I force, rescue the fugitive slave from the possession
 of his rightful owner. The attempt to recover a
 slave, in most of the northern States, cannot now
 r be made without the hazard of insult, heavy pe
 cuniary loss, imprisonment, and even of life itself.
 Already has a worthy citizen of Maryland (d) lost
 his life in making an attempt to enforce his claim
 f I to a lugitive slave under this provision,
 j. But a provision of the constitution may be vio
 lated indirectly as well as directly, by doing an act
 in its nature inconsistent with that which is en
 joined to be done. Of this form of violation there
 is a striking instance connected with the provision
 under consideration. We allude to secret combi
 j nations which are believed to exist in many of the
 r Northern States, whose object is to entice, decoy,
 ,i en'rap, inveigle, and seduce slaves to escape from
 e their owners, and to pass them secretly and rapicT
 „i ly, by means organized for that psrpose, into
 j Canada, where they will be beyond the reach ol
 s the provision. That to entice a slave, by whatev
 er artifice, u» abscond from his ow r ner into* non
 i i slaveholding State, with the intention to place him
 i beyond the reach of the provision, or prevent his
 y recovery, by concealment or otherwise,is as conj
 -1 pletely repugnant to it as its open violation would
 lie, is too clear to admit of doubt or to require il
 t, lustration. And yet, as repugnant as these combi
 t inationsare in the intent of the provision, it isbe
 lieved that, with the above exception, not one oi
 1 the States within whose limits they exist has adop
 any measure to suppress them, or to punish
 r those by whose agency the object for which they
 were formed is carried into execution. On the
 contrary, they have looked on and witnessed with
 5 indifference, if not with secret approbation, a great
 t number of slave* enticed from their owners and
 placed beyond the possibility of recovery, to the
 1 great annoyance and heavy pecuniary loss ol the
 Ordering southern Stales.
 When we take into consideration the great im
 porlaneeof this provision, the absence of all un
 certainty as to its true meaning and intent, the
 i many guards by which it is surrounded to protect
 and enforce it, and then reflect how completely
 the object lor which it was inserted in the consti
 tution is defeated by these two-fold infractions,
 we doubt, taking all Together, whether a more fla
 fhjrant breach of faith is to be found on record.—
 We language we have used is strong,
 but it is not less the than strong.
 11 There remains to be noticed another class ol ag
 r gressive arts of a kindred character, but which,
 instead of striking at an express and specific pro
 -11 vision of the constitution aims directly at destroy
 j ing the relation 'between the two races at the
 South, by means subversive in their tendency of
 one of the ends for which the Constitution was
 established. We refer to the systematic agitation
 i of the question by the abolitionists which coni
 mencing aliout 1835, ia still continued in all pos-
 I aible forms. Their avowed intention is to bring
 almut a state of things that will force emancipa
 tion on tl»e South. To unite the North in fixed
 hostility t® Slavery in the South, and to excite
 diMcoiitent among the Siaves with their condition,
 are among the means employed to effect it. With
 i a \iew to bring about the former, every means are
 i re*orted to in order to render the South, and the
 i relation between the two races there, odious and
 hateful to the North. For ihi* purpose societies
 i and newspaper* are everywhere established, de
 bating clubs ojieued, lecturers employed, pamph
 s lei* and other publications, pictures, and petitions
 ts Congress resorted 10, and directed to the single
 i point. regardless ot truth or decency, while the
 i em ulation of incendiary publications in the Sosth,
 i,- the agitation of the subject of abolition in Con
 gre*«, and tin- employment of emissaries, are re
 r tied on to excite discontent among the Slaves,
 r; Tins agitation, and the use of these means, have
 i been continued, with more or leas activity, for a
 f series of years, not without doing much towards
 effecting the object intended We regard both
 object sod mean* to be aggressive and dangerous
 to the rights of the South, and aubverahre, as ata
 i ted, of one of the ends lor which the CunsMotMUl
 f was establish'd. Slavery is a domestic ineittauoo.
 i It belongs to the States, each for (tself, to decide
 ,j whether it shall be established or not Such be
 y &gt;og the Hear and unquestionable right of the
 f 1 States, ii follow* necessarily that it would he a
 Y flagrant set of aggression on a State, destructive
 a of u* right*, and subversive of its independence,
 d tor tbr prderal government, or one or more States,
 or their people, to undertake to force on it the
 u emancipation of Ks slaves,
 o But it is a aounu maxim ia polities, as weH as
 law sail mpral*. that no ooe has a right to do that
 i- i indirectly which lie cannot do directly, and it may
 it lie added with equal truth, to aid, or abet, or coon
 h tenancr another in doing it. And pet the ahoh
 tiomsta ot the North, openly avowing tWir inton
 i. non, and resorting to the moat efficient means for
 D the purpose, have beea attempting to briag about
 s a Made of thing* to force the southern States to
 y emancipate their slaves, without any act on tfos
 part of any northern State to arrest or suppress tha
means by which they jrupm, iccumylhh d.-
 They have been permitted their atjmt,
 ffmeyWhatevcrnwau, please; if withum
 approbation. What grip* a deeper thadr te the
 whole affair ia the foci, that owe of the means to
 effect their ohyqpt, that of -irriirr Jia 1 antes*
 among our slaves, tends directly to subvert whal
 its preamble drehues to he one of the ends for
 urhich the eenmitmion wmordamed and estobinh-
 I ed— to iasore domestic tranquility”—and that ii
 the only way in which domestic tranquility is like
 ly ever to be distaifod io the South.
 Certain it is. that an agitation so systematic—
 having such on object ia view, and sought to he
 carried into execution by each mean*—would, be
 twee* independent asthma, constitute just rouse
 of i &gt;moos&lt; ranee by the party against whom the
 aggression was directed, and, ir not heeded, an
 appeal to uma for redress. Much befog the com
 where sa aggrenaou uf the kind takes place among
 independent nation*, hour much more aggravated
 must it be between confederate States, where the
 L’nhio precludes an appeal to um, while it afcrda
 a medium through which H coo operate with vastly
 increased force and effect! That it would-be per
 verted to such a use, never entered into the im
 agination of the generation which formed sad
 a»fopted the ronstitalioa and. if it bad beea mp
 po*ed it would, it m certain ibai the South never
 would have adopted it.
 We now return to the question of the admisMOa
 of Miwwri into the Union, sad shall proceed lo
 give a Ivief sketch of the oceurrences connected
 I with it, and the consequences io which it has di
 rectiy fed In the latter part of 1819, the then
 territory of Missouri applied to Congress, in the
 i usual furtu. for leave to form a Btate constitution
 and government, ia order to be admitted into the
 I mod. A bill was reported for the purpose, with
 r the usual provision* in such cases. Amendments
 were offered,having tor their object to make it a
 i ‘condition of her admission, that her coosaitution
 riiould have a provision to prohibit slavery. Tbi«
 i brought on the agitating debate which, with the
 effect* iMat followed, has done so much to alienate
 j the South and North, and endanger our political
 1 institutions. Those who objected to the amend-
 I meats, rested their opposition on the high ground*
 lof the right of self-government. They claimed
 tlist a territory, having reached the period when it
 is proper for it to form a constitution and govern
 mem for it«-elt, brcoines fully vested with all th&lt;
 rights of self-government; and that even the ron
 j dition imposed on it by the Federal constitution
 i I relates not to the formation of its constitution and
 government, but it* admission into the Union. Eoi
 i that puriwse.it provides as a condition, that th&lt;
 government must be republican,
 r. They claimed that Congress has no right to add
 to this comillion, and that to assume it would b&lt;
 tantamount O the assumption of the right to make
 I its entire constitution and government; as no lim
 i iiation ronld be imposed, as to the extent of the
 right, if it be admilted that it exists all. Those
 who supported the amendment denied these
 i grounds, and claimed the right of Congress to im
 jws-e, at discretion, what condition* it pleased. Ir
 1 ibis agitating debate, the two sections stood ar
 i rayed against each other: the South in favor ol
 the bill without amendment, and the North oppo
 sed to it without it. The debate and agitatioc
 continued until the se.-&gt;iuii wc’l advanced
 r .but it became apparent towards its close, that the
 i people of Missouri were fixed and resolved in theii
 opi«o*itioii to the proposed condition, and that thej
 i would certainly reject it, and adopt a Constitutior
 wills nit it, should the bill pass with the condition
 Such being the i ape, it required no great effort o
 v mind to perceive that Missouri once in poesessioi
 r of a constitution and government, not simply or
 B paper, but with legislator? elected, and officers ap
 pointed, to carry “them into effect, the grave ques
 turn would be presented, wheiher she was of righ
 a ritate or territory and, if the latter whethe
 f [Congress had the right, and, if the right of power
 p to abrogate her Constitution, disperse her Leg
 y islature, und to remand her back to the territoria
 r condition. These were great, and, under the cir
 f cumstances fearful questions—too fearful to be ihe
 ;i by those who had the agitation. From tha
 1 time the only question was how to escape irom th&lt;
 difficulty. Fortunately, a means was afforded.—
 1 A compromise [as it wad called] was offered,base*
 t on the terms, that the North should cease to op
 pose the admission of Missouri on the grounds fo
 r' which the South contended, and that the pro vie
 i ions ol the ordinance of 1787, for the governmen
 i ;of the north-western territory, should be appliei
 f |to all the territory acquired by the United State
 from France under the treaty of Louisiana lyinj
 f. north of 36 30, except the portion lying in tin
 ii State of Missouri. The northern members em
 i braced it; and although not originating with them
 adopted it as their own. It waa forced througl
 Congress by the almost united votea of the North
 «t against a minority consisting almost entirely c
 i- members from the Southern States.
 -e Such was the termination of this, the first con
 n Diet, under the constitution, between the two sec
 j- tions, in reference to slavery in connexion with thi
 e territories. Many hailed it as a permanent am
 final a4juBtment that would prevent the recurrenci
 n of similar conflicts but others, less sanguine,tool
 the opposite apd more gloomy view, regarding i
 o as the precursor of a train of events which migh
 &gt;f rend the Union asunder, and prostrate our politi
 r. cal system. One of these was the most experi
 i. enced and sagacious Jefferson. Thus far, timi
 n i would seem to favor his forebodings. May are
 is turning sense of justice, and a protecting Provi
 i. dence, avert their final fulfilment.
 d j For many yeara the subject of slavery in refer
 ence to the territories ceased to agitate the coun
 j. try. Indications, however, connected with th&lt;
 question of annexing Texas, showed clearly tha
 it was ready to break out again, with redouble*
 j violence, on some future occasion. The differenc&lt;
 h in the case of Texas, waa adjusted by extendinj
 y the Missouri compromise line of 3G 30 from it
 c j terminus, on the western boundary of the Ixiuisi
 h ana purchase to the western boundary of Tex
 it as. The agitation again ceased a short period,
 d The war with Mexico soon followed, and tha
 e terminated in the acquisition of New Mexico am
 e Upper California, embracing an area equal to abou
 one-half of the entire valley of the Mississippi.—
 If to this we add the portion of Oregon acknowl
 edged to be ours by the recent treaty with Eng
 e land, our whole territory on the Pacific and wes
 :t side of the Rocky Mountains will be found to lx
 y in extent but little leas than that vast valley. Tlu
 near prospect of so great an addition rekindle*
 i, the excitement between the North and South ii
 reference to slavery in its connexion with the ter
 ri lories, which has become, since those on the Pa
 cific were acquired, more universal and intend
 4 than ever.
 The effects have been to widen the difference be
 tween the two sections, and to give a more deter
 mined and hostile character to their conflict. Tit*
 North no longer respects the Missouri compromise
 e line, adopted by their almost unanimous vote.—
 f I Instead of compromise, they avow that their de
 s ftrmination is to exclude slavery from ail the ter
 ii iilorfes of the United States, acquired or to be ac
 quired and of course to prevent the citizens oi
 the southern States from emigrating with theii
 I property in slave* into any of them. Their object
 I they allege, i* to prevent the extension of riaveiy,
 i and ours to extend it, thus miking the isne be.
 g tween them and us to be the naked question, skal!
 slavery be extended or not I We do not deem it
 necessary, looking to the object of this address, tc
 examine the question m folly discussed at the hut
 t session, whether Congress has the right to exclude
 II die citizens of the South from r in migrating witi
 i j their property into territories beloogfog to the coo
 federated Btatea of the Union. What we propose
 io this connection is, to make a few rrmrrks os
 i what the North alleges, erroneously, to he the io
 me between us and them.
 —So for from maintaining the doctrine which
 the naue implies, we bold that (he federal govern
 menl lias no right to extend or restrict slavery, na
 more than to eatabbab or abokrii it; nor has it any
 I right whatever to diadngiarii betwooa the domes
 j lie uMUtatiens of one State or secuou sad aaoth
 -11 er, fo order to favor the ooe, and discourage the
 i j other. Aa the federal repreoentadves of each and
 i all the Buttes, it ia boond to dent out, wiffda the
 i sphere of its powers, equal and exact justice and
 favor to all. To act otherwise, to aadcrtahr U
 I discriminate between the iastitatiom of one aad
 another, would be to act ia total aabveaiaa of th*
 f end for which it waa enxbiished—to hr the com
 j soon protector aad guardian of off. Elwtafofoj
 i these opuuoos, we ask not, an the Nenh singe*
 i we do, for the exteimoo af aisvery. That wool*
 t make a discrimination fo oar favor as an*
 uaconaritotiaoal aa the diacritafoation (hey aai
 i, against as fo their fever. 4
 e&gt; It not for them nor for the federal govern
 meat to determia* whether our duaamdc foadta
 a j na* ia good or had or whether it rimald ha re
 a preaoed or pnaerved, It helnuga to so ofoy
 f in deride sack qarstfoua. What then we do fools
 oa, is. aot to extend da very, bat that wv dmJlaa
 ha praWhhad from asirisisiiao with mm proper
 ty, mho Ufo Territories TthTbaded SuanTfo
 r cause lessee slaveholders; or. ia other weeds, dia:
 l; am shall aot sa that amaaoi he disks Third of 1
 infTiaoa, or color. Ail, whothsT Jra^*hST-
naa.ar iiilford,—yli**ly tepdia.we
 only befog r a rinded.
 We trwt our efofot, aot a*dy tha high graoada
 •hove suted sa the sofid foaadalfoa sf
 right,jmtice’ aad equity. The^d*rrit»uksH*n
 "irr T aafr* I^ etmm
 aad efforts of oil ifoT States, toward* wforh the
 Sosthwnufouted^for more thaa her fofl 1 3mn af
 L fill, nr r -f-— —dfoid^oume
 every principle
 1 equably, eadtlrd te pardopute foßy ta the bearhts
 1 tebe dr-rived from their acqpnririoa. m mo
 meanabl» a* ia this ground, there a another not
 1 Cairn^[Jets is a federal govenuaew-a govern
 ment fo which, not individual*, but But**, a* da
 tmet sovereign coasnaaitirs, an* the eouaumeata
 To them aa membrr* of the federal Union, the
 territories belong aad they orefoacedrehmdjo
 he M Fatted States. The
 States, thea, are joint owner*.
 Now, it ia conceded by all writers 00 the rah
 ieet. lhat fo all goverameats their members
 sre all equal—equal in right* and equal ia dignity.
 They also concede that thi* equality constitute*
 the basis of such government, sad that it cannot
 I be destroyed without changing their nature and
 character Todeprive. thea. the snathera States
 aad their citixeas of their foil *hare in territories
 declared 10 belong to them, ia common wilh the
 1 other States, would be in derogatioa of the eipial
 hy belonging ta them a* member* of a federal
 Union,and rink them, from being equal* iio a
 subordinate and dependent coodiuon. are
 the solid sad impregnable grounds 00 which wo
 rest our demand to an equal participation m the
 t tenritorie?.
 But u rohd aad impregnable as they are in the
 eyes of justice and reason, they oppose a feeble
 reaataoce to a majority, determined to engross the
 whole. At the last session of bill was
 passed establishing a territorial government for
 Ore goo, excluding slavery therefrom. The Presi
 dent gave hi* sanction to the bill, and ornt a spe
 cial message to Congress assigning his reasons for
 doing so. The reasons pre-supposed that the
 Missouri compromise was to be, ami would be ex
 leaded west of the Rocky Mountains to the Faeitir
 ocean. And ibe President intimated his inten
 tion in his message to veto any future bi'l that
 should restrict slavery south of the line cf lhat
 compromise.
 Assuming it t* have been the pnrpose and in
 tention of the North to extend the Missouri com
 promise line as above indicated the passage of the
 Oregon bill could only be regarded aa evincing the
 acquiescence of the South in that line. But the
 developments -of the present session of Congrrs*
 have made it manifest to ail, that no such purpose
 or intention now exists with the North to any
 considerable extent. Of the truth of this, we
 have ample evidence in what has already occurred
 in the House of Representatives, where the popu
 lar feelings are soonest and most intensely felt.
 Although Cougrrss has been in session but lit
 tie more than one month, a greater number of
 measures of aggressive character have been intro
 duced, and they more aggravated and dangerous,
 than have been for years before. And what clear
 iy discloses whence they take their origin, is the
 fact that they all relate to the territorial aspect of
 the subject of slavery, or some other of a nature
 j and character intimately connected with it.
 The first ot this series of aggressions is a reso
 lution introduced by a member from Massachu
 setts, the object of which is to repeal all acts 01
 parts of acts which recognize the existence of sla
 very or authorize the selling and disposing of slave*
 in this District. On question of leave to bring ir
 j a bill, the vote* stood 69 for and 82 against leave,
 The next was a resolution offered by a memhei
 j from Ohio,instructing the Committee on Territories
 to report forthw’ith bills for excluding slavery from
 California and New Mexico It passed by a
 vote of 107 to 80. That was followed by a bil
 i introduced by another member from Ohio, to take
 the vote* of this District on the question whethei
 slavery within its limits should be abolished.
 The bill provides, according to the admission ol
 the mover, that the free negroes and slaves should
 xote. On the question to lay the bill on the table'
 the vote stood—for, 106; against, 69. To thii
 succeeded the resolution of a member from Naw r
 York in the following words:
 “Wherea* the traffic now prescuted in thii
 metropolis of the Republic in human beings, ai
 chattels, is contrary to natural justice and the fun
 damental principles of our political system, and i&lt;
 i notoriously a reproach to our country, throughou
 1 and a serious hindrance to the pro
 gress of republican liberty among the natiqpa o
 1 the earth. Therefore
 Resolved, That the Committee for the Distric
 of Columbia be instructed to report a bilj, as soot
 1 as practicable, prohibiting slavery in said District.’
 On the question of adopting the resolution, thi
 F votes stood 98 for, and 88 against. He was fol
 lowed by a member from Illinois, who offered 1
 resolution for abolishing slavery in the Territories
 and all places where Congress has exclusive pow
 ers of legislation that is, all forts, magazines, ar
 I senate, dock-yards, and other nerdfol buildings
 purchased by Congress with the consent of thf
 legislature of the State.
 This resolution was passed over under the rule!
 of the House without being put to vote.
 The votes in favor of all these measures wer«
 confined to the members from the northern State?
 True, there are some patriotic members from tha
 section who voted against all of them, and whoa
 high tense of justice ie duly appreciated who ii
 the progress of agressions upon the South have
 by their votes, sustained the guarantees of the con
 slitution, and ol whom we regret to say inanj
 have l»een sacrificed at home by their patheth
 couroe.
 We have now brought to a close a narrative o
 the series of acts of aggression and encroachmen
 connected with the stlbject of this address, mclud-
 I I ing those that are consummated and those still ir
 progress. They are numerous, great, and dan
 gerous, and threaten with destruction the greatest
 and most vital of all the interests and institution!
 of the South. Indeed, it may be doubted whetb
 er there is a tingle provision, stipulation, or guar
 anty of the constitution, intended for the security
 of the South, that has not been rendered almost
 nugatory. It may even be made a serious qoes
 tion, whether the encroachments already made
 without the aid of any other, would not, if per
 -1 rained to operate unchecked, end in emancipation,
 j and that at no distant day. But be that aa it may,
 it hardly admits of a doubt that, if the aggression*
 already commenced in the House, and now in pro
 grets, should be consummated, such ha the end
 J would certainly be the consequence.
 I Little, ia truth, would be left to be done after
 we bare beea excluded trom ail the Territories,
 including those to be hereafter acquired; after
 slavery is abolished in the District and in the nu
 merous places dispersed all over the South, when
 Congress has the exclusive right of legislation,
 and after the other measures proposed are con
 summated. Every outpost sod bonier would be
 carried, and nothing would be left but to finish the
 work of abolition at pleasure in the Btataa them
 selves. The District, aad all places over which
 iCoogre* has exclusive power of legislation,
 would be asylums lor fugitive slaves, where, aa
 soon aa they placed their feet, they would become,
 according to the doctrines uf our Northern assai
 lants, free; on less there should hi* some positive
 enactments to prevent it.
 Under such a state of things the probability fo
 that emancipation would soon follow, without soy
 final act to abotifh Slavery The depreaaag ef
 fects of such measures oa the white race at the
 Booth, sad the hope they would create io the black
 of a speedy emancipation, would produce a Mate
 of feeniig inconsistent with the ranch longer con
 tinuance of the existing relation between the twp.
 But be that an it may, it fo certain, if emancipa
 tion did am folfow aa a matter of comae the final
 act ia the States woold aot be long delayed. The
 want of conatitutioual power would oppose a fee
 ble resistance. The great body of the North fo
 muted against onr peculiar inautuiMO. Many be
 here it to be sfofiri, aad the renidne, with incun
 i Mdershl* exceptions, believe it to be wrong.
 Sack befog the cane, it weald indicate a very
 superficial knowledge of banana nature, to think
 that, after aiming at abolition sfMniiaticall for an
 1 foas disregard rffovMmd esutimrinn. the fanatics
 who have fed dm way aad forced foe great body
 of foe North 10 folfow them, wpuid. when the
 fiaWuag sunk only remained to be given, miua
 tariiy snsprad fo. or permu any eonmitatienai
 To these may be addH m aggre*moo, thongh not
 prokfeit what ihe°nbolitioafore cal the for era si
 *fove wade, ausaafef thereby foe transfer of slaves
 foam aar Stale to another, foam whatever motive
 dene, er hewssjg effected. Their object would
 seem m he to reader them wurffkfom hy crowding
 them together where they aee, aad foae hataea foe
 werk of emaadpa&amp;m. There fo maaaafer hr
 foe»fof dmHtwa men feffew foeee acts aowja
 hTtSmfofoemnarime fo anew foe whale.
 The queetfon fora fo. Wiflff* meaamm af ag-
 I They amp net, aad preeaMy wfo aat ha this
 •amma. Batwhea we take iam onadsraasa
tfc*t there to a majority wow em*
 them, andastrong mtowfcytafcwra* tke other,
 is Car aa the aw of it Pa— I— here
 that there wilt be to «fl probadiiNy a laaiiirrAto
 hewn to the next Ciagisas
 •f the*, red that it wiU largely toefraaa ai the
 ant year, it unseats afaaaat io-s rettatotf *a»
 they will to toopad, aatoaa aat toatoaa
 ata to taken a sdvaare lap— it
 Bat, if erra theae i urn tows should peer tff
 rosnus if futurism sad the foe* pomtt
 shook!, contrary to their sature, faf respect
 itmtieaal bamen.or if the eakalattoa af pal
 fry fhovld retard the adoption of these aiaan,
 •reveu defeat them altogether, there would be
 *t»U toft aoecertain way la atiiapHto Aeto ob
 ject, if the detrnniaatioa a rowed try the North to
 mouopofao all the territories, to the exclnaioo
 the Sooth should be rarrird iota effect. That o!
 ttaetf would, at an diotaht day, add to the North a
 sufficient number of Stales to gire her three
 fourths of the whole when, nader the color of aa
 amendment of the eoastitotioa, she woald etaan
 eipate oor slaves, boorerer oppoaed it Might be to
 i«» true intent
 Thus, nader erery aspect, the result to certain
 il aggmoMM be not promptly and decidedly met
 flow it to to be met, it to for Ton to decide.
 Such. then, being the case, it would be to iaash
 yoo to suppose yon coo Id hesitate. To destroy
 the existing relation between the free and aenrile
 races at the Sooth woald lead to consequences uo
 paraltotod in hfrtorv. They cannot be seperated
 and cannot lire together to peace and harmony,
 or to their raatoal advantage, except in their pres
 ent relation. Under any other, wretchedness,
 misery, and desolation would overspread the whole
 Sooth. The example of the British West Indies,
 as blighting as emancipation has proved to them,
 furnishes a very faint picture of dte calamities it
 would bring on the South. The circumstance*
 under which it would take place with ns would
 be entirely different firm tlwwc which took place
 with them, and calculated to lead to far more
 disastrous results.
 There, the government of the parent country
 emancipated slaves in her colonial possessions—a
 government rich mod powerful, and actuated by
 views o! policy, (mistaken as they turned out to
 be,) rather than fanaticism. It was besides, dis
 posed to act justly towards the owners, even in the
 act of emancipating their slaves, and to protect
 and foster them afterwards. It accordingly ap
 propriated nearly #100,000,000 as a compensation
 to them for their losses under the act, which sum,
 although it turned out to be far short of the amount,
 was thought at that time to be liberal. Since the
 emancipation, it haa kept up a sufficient military
 and naval force to keep the blacks in awe, and a
 number of magistrates, and constables, and othei
 civil officers, to keep order in the towns and plan
 tations, and enforce respect to v ther formei
 owners.
 To a considerable extent, thege have at
 a substitute for the police formerly kept on tht
 plantations by the owners and their overseers, and
 to preserve the social and political superiority oi
 the white race. But, notwithstanding afl this,tht
 British West India possessions are ruined, impov
 erished, miserable, wretched, and destined to b«
 abandoned to the black race. Very different wouk
 be the circumstances under which emancipatiot
 would take place with us. If it ever should be ef
 t'ected, it will be through the agency of the tedira
 i government, controlled by the dominant power o
 the northern States of the confederacy, against th.
 I resistance and struggles of the southern.
 It can then only be effected by the prostratioi
 of the white race and that would necessarily cn
 gender the the bitterest feelings of hostility be
 tween them and the North. But the reverse woul
 be the case between the blacks of the South an
 the people of the North. Owing their emancipa
 tion to them, they would regard them as friendi
 i guardians patrons, and centre, accordingly, a
 j their sympathy in them.
 The people of the North would not fail to it
 ciprocate and to favor ihem, instead of the whitei
 j Under the influence of such feelings, and impels
 by fanaticism and love of power, they would nc
 I stop at emancipation. Another step would be t*
 ken—to raise them to a political and social equal
 I ity witii their former owm-rs, by giving them th
 right of voting and holding public offices unde
 the federal government. We see the first step tc
 ward it in the bill already alluded to —to vest th
 free blacks and slaves with the right to vote o
 the question of emoncipation in this District. Bi
 when once raised to an equality, they would be
 come the fast political associates of the North, sc;
 ing and voting with them on all questions, and b
 this political union between them, holding th
 white race st the Sooth in complete subjection
 The blacks, and the profligate whites that migh
 unite with them, would become the principal re
 ripients of federal offices and patronage .and woul
 in consequence, be raised above the whites of th
 South in the political and social 9cale.
 We would, in a word, change conditions wit
 them—a degradation greater than has ever yetfa]
 len to the lot of a free and enlightened peopU
 and one from which we would not escape, slioul
 i emancipation take place, (which it certainly wil
 i if not prevented,) but by fleeing the homes of out
 selves and ancestors, and by abandoning our coun
 try to former slaves, to become the permsner
 abode of disorder, anarchy, poverty, misery an
 wretchedness.
 With such a prospect before us, the gravest am
 most solemn that ever claimed the attention of i
 people, the question lor us to consider is, What i
 to be done to prevent it It is a question belong
 iug to you to decide. All we propose is to giv&lt;
 you our opinion. We, then, are of opinion tha
 the Jinl and indispeosible step, without whirl
 i nothing can be done, is union among ourselves, ii
 tlus great and most vital question. The want o
 j Union and Concert in reference to thstJiAs brough
 the South,, the Union and our system of Govern
 ment to their present perilous condition.
 If you become united, and prove yourselves t&lt;
 be in earnest, the North will be brought to a pause
 i and that may lead to a change of measures am
 I the adoption of a course of policy that may quiet
 I ly and peaceably terminate this conflict betweei
 the two sections; if it should not, nothing woul&lt;
 remain but for you to stand op immovably in de
 fence of rights which involve our property, pros
 j perity, equality, liberty and safety. As the sessile.
 you would stand justified by all laws of humat
 j and divine, in repelling a dangerous blow, withou
 looking to consequences, and to resort to sll mean
 necessary for that purpose. Your assailants, am
 not you, would be responsible for consequences.
 Entertaining these opinions we earnestly en
 treat you to be united, and for that purpose t&lt;
 adopt all necessary measures. Beyond this w&lt;
 think it would not be proper to go at present. W&lt;
 hope if you should unite with any thing like uoa
 nimity, it may of itself apply a remedy to tha
 deep sealed and dangerous disease. But if sue!
 should not be the esse, the time will then torn
 come for you to decide what courte to adept.
 Indiana and Illinois.
 The ease of Prigg vs. The Commonwealtl
 of Pennsylvania.
 The case to 1 Johnson vs. Tompkins others
 {&lt;i) Mr. Kennedy of Hagerstown, Maryland.
 (e) Volunteers from the South—Reg*ts 33
 Bat's lions 14
 Companies IS
 Total No. of volunteers fatal the South 4ofi4tl
 Volunteers from the North —Regiments 23
 Battalions 3
 Companies 13
 Total No. of votanteers from the North 23,064
 Being nearly two on the pan of the South ui
 one on tbo part of the North. But taking mis
 consideration that the population of the North is
 two-thirds greater than the South, the latter has
 furnished more than three limes her due propor
 tion of volunteers.
 CouHtxo Mn w Pa*i». —Robert Walsh,
 in otto of his letters writes
 The black man—the ebony—in the delega
 tion of the Antilles, who sits in the centre of
 the Montagnards in the Assembly, was the
 servant of a white-geooral resident in the
 capital. An intimate acquaintance of the
 master told me, a few days ago, that the
 representative had nut resigned b» domestic
 pom, whether from personal attachment m
 prudential motives, be would deserve credit
 tor either. A gentleman from New Orleans,
 an a visa to Paris, relates to me that, shorn a
 fortstgbt since, while sealed m a side box of
 the feat tier of the grand opera, but distm
 gaishod a colored family in the one irn
 modtaiely opposite; by his opera fifes be
 discovered that the head of it, whom be
 recognised, distinguished him, and was about
 to come round tohno by the lobby. A feel
 ing natural to a Southern American, induced
 him to prefer that the interview should aet hr
 in the box wtoeh be occupied. He met the
 waiter in the lobby, tbs Utter grasped lm
 band, and aentonded him that be bad been hit
 tadoc at Now Orleans. 1 retired,” he added
 with good property we am wet! settled
 here; that's my box, once a week ;wo shall
 be happy to see you at our apartments.’ 1
THE NORTH STAR.
_ 5i..,.;:--- r,
 ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY IM9.
The Address nr n state™ Delegates in
 Congress to thntr Censtfpents;
 os, Yttx addsxan or job* c. ntuioi'H and
 ro«TY orate tvicyks.
 That pooderoU cloud dB dismal terror
 which for a time overhung the national capital,
 darkening the blue sky of "w glorious
 Ihuon and from which the simple |«-ople
 here only been allowed to see a few fieteo,
 transient flashes, to keep ep gloomy appro
 henainrt and dismay, has at leet discharged its
 thnndei and dissolved. The long-dreaded bolt
 has reached its maturity and falkp- Men
 whose hearts were failing for feat of those
 things which seemed to be coming upon the
 land v rest from their agonizing fears, look
 happier, and breathe freer. The ippreliended
 fulrainauon from the secret conclave of slave
 holders and slavelrnders, charged with ac
 counts terrible, of dire confusion,” and threat
 ening the very existence of this Republic,
 turns out to be but an old speech of John C.
 Calhoun, newly vamped up, and dressed to
 suit the taste of some forty other slaveholders
 besides himself. The alarmed and appalled
 nation lias at last seen the baseless character
 of its fears, and we presume will not be so
 easily alarmed again. The thousand eats in
 the cellar are reduced to “our cat and another
 old black cat.”
 But lest we should be accused of treating
 this grave address with too much levity, wo
 shall venture a brief review of it. The
 subject of the address is called the most
 solemn and important ever presented to the
 consideration of the Southern people.” The
 subject is sunuped up in the following ambi
 guous terms;
 “We allude to the conflict between the
 two great sections of the Union, growing out
 of a difference of feeling and opinion in refer
 ence to the relation existing between the two
 races, the European and African, winch
 inhabit the Southern section, and the acts ot
 aggression and encroachment to which it
 has led.”
 Just reail this statement of the subject over
 again, anti try to understand what is meant by
 it. The difference of feeling and opinion”
 —“relation existing” between two races—
 inhabit the Southern section”—“ acquisi
 tion and encroachment.” Now, the meaning
 of all this is, the difference of feeling and
 opinion in the Northern States from the slave
 holders in the Southern States. The people
 of the North; thank Heaven, are becoming
 more and more deeply impressed with the
 awful crime of slavery, and are manifesting
 it, by hesitating to extend its blighting influ
 ence to territory now free; and this is tin
 point that gives solemnity” to the subject
 This is the calamity which produces nppre
 hension and alarm. How carefully the abov&lt;
 sentence is w r orded European and Africai
 races, stands for slaveholders ami slaves
 which inhabit the Southern section. Thi
 very soft way of sliding over tl\e hatefcl won
 slavery, shows the slaveholder conscious o
 his hateful enrne, and is itself a confession o
 guilt. The signers of the address say
 We have made it a joint address, becaust
 we believe that the magnitude of the subjec
 required that it should assume the most inn
 pressive and solemn form.”
 Poor fellows’ How much chagrin musl
 they experience when they witness the mirth
 ful levity produced by their impressive so
 lemnity. A band of forty manstealers so
 lemnly defending their right to plunder then
 fellow-men of all rights and liberties! An
 impressive” scene, which ought to excite as
 much respect as the union of so many ajjeep
 stealers If ever a body of men were de
 serving of scorn and contempt, this band ol
 flesh-mongers do deserve it. Their whole
 proceedings have amounted to less than an
 admirable farce.
 The address gives a history of the differ
 ence of feeling and opinion in reference to the
 relation between the two faces.” Oh* the
 deceitfulness ot sin I This difference dis
 closed itself in the Convention that framed the
 Constitution. Would that the difference had
 been stronger! What the address has to say
 on the subject of the Compromise entered into
 on the part of the free States with the slave
 States, every Northern man should ponder
 well: and draw from it a lesson that will for
 ever preclude him from entering into another
 like it.
 It will be seen that the address assumes a
 clear recognition of slavery in the United
 States Constitution, by the clause relating to
 taxation and representation—that relating to
 the return of fugitive slaves, and that respect
 ing the importation of slavds. We deem it
 unfortunate for these honorable menatealers,
 that in no instance have they been able to find
 a word in either of theae clauaes which bears
 the definition of slaves or slavery. The word
 slave in all these references, is the word of
 this conclave, and not of the Constitution.—
 The laageage in each of the provisions to
 which the addrem refers, though doubtless
 intended to bolster up slavery, and to tespeet
 slave property, has been so ambiguously
 ter rded as to bear a very different construc
 tion sod taken in connection with the pre
 amble of that instrument, the very opposite of
 the construction given it by this wily band of
 slaveholders, and they have just reason to ap
 prehend that such a construction may yet be
 placed upon that instrument as shall prove the
 downfall ot slavery.
 But granting that the slaveboiding con
 struction is the one by which the nation is to
 he bound and governed, we are glad to see
 the issue plainly put to Northern men. We
 say to the slaveholder, Insist upon your right
 to make Northern men your bloodhounds, to
 bunt down yoor slaves, and return litem to
 bondage. We say, let this be inst Med upon,
 the more streneously the better, as it will the
 sooner awaken the North to a sense of then
 responsibility for slavery, not only m the
 District of Columbia, and in forts, arsenals
 and navy-yards, but m the States themselves;
 and will the sooner see their duty to labor for
 the removal af slavery from every part of this
 mom unhallowed Union. Is any ease, nought
 but slaveholders hare anything to fear. The
 moral senes of the North m k filming rest lies
 on this subject, ft revolts at the idee ef
 send toning slavery and it roust and will aseh
 some mode by which to romp the rnepam
 bihty of an foul, mean aodfeuel a system ef
 wrong n is slavery. And it would ant he
 strange if, pressed by the demand for the
 penad at flesh, they, is turn, shield forbid
 the Meed and thus thwart the guilty mm
stealer of Ihe rewards of the gmhy bargain
 Bat we are for aduultHtfr that the Constitu
 tion is jest what these slaveholders m this ad
 dress say it is: and en eonsciestioos grounds
 demand the immediate dissolution of the Arm*
 rican Union, as required by liberty and the law
 of the living Cud. What man will say that
 the Union ought to exist for a single moment,
 if under it Northern men ate content u&gt; act
 .is the bloodhounds of the South, to hunt
 down, recapture and return to slavery and
 ,chains, every brother-man who mxy be so
 fortunate as to escape from bondage Who,
 who would stain hut soul by keeping a bar
 gain so wicked and inhuman as that imposed
 by Ibese merciless forty thieves,” in the
 name of the United Slates’ Constitution’—
 The person that would «o do, is a traitor to
 Cod ami mail.
 These slaveholders say in tlieir address,
 j that there is not (m the clause u Inch they
 allege relates to fugitive slaves) on uneei
 tam or equivocal word to be found in tha
 whole provision.” This is not true. If the
 provision hi question refers to slaves escaping
 from slave States into free States, ami was
 intended to define the right of masters to ap
 prelteud their slaves, and the duty of free
 Stales to deliver them up, the language
 used, is most ambiguous and inappropriate.—
 The words held to service ami labor,” for
 instance, does not necessarily imply the rela
 tion of “master and slave,” and tv rather a
 description of minors and apprenti&lt;*es, than of
 |slaves. Then the term 1,1 person." Is not
 this term in itself equivocal Are slaves, in
 I law, regarded as |»ereoiis ate they regs rd
 ed as piopertv and is there not a distinction,
 broad, deep and wide, between property and
 persons? If they are properly, tliey cannot
 tic regarded by (lie law as persons; and it
 they are regarded both in the light of persons
 and pri&gt;|&gt;erty, the term is imperfect, equivocal,
 and inappropriate. In this same clause, the
 teitn, shall be delivered upon claim ot ths
 pat tv to whom such service or labor may be
 due,” carries upon its face the appeaiancc of
 j a contract, by winch one patty has a just claim
 i upon the service and labor ot another
 j whereas, the slaveholder has no just claim
 upon the lalmr or service of a slave, and the
 slave has never ami can never make any con
 tract with lus master, and can never violate a
 contract, or owe his master any service or la
 bor. It strikes us.lliat the whole provision is
 uncertain, equivocal, and carries upon its face
 no recognition of the right of a slaveholder to
 recapture his slave so that while we admit
 that this clause was intaided to apply to fugi
 tive slaves, and to enable their piratical owners
 to arrest them, and the free States to deliver
 them op to such claimants, wo utterly deny
 that the clause in question is either clear or
 explicit.
 Suppose a man from from another country
 should read that clause tif the American Con
 stitution, with no other knowledge of tho
 1 character of American incautious than what
 he derived (rum the reading of that instru
 j ment, will any one pretend that the clause in
 question would he thought to apply to slaves*
 j. VVe think not. Nor would he dream of such
 au outrage, such a savage monstrocity, un
 reading any other part of the Constitution
 Blot slavery from existence, and the whole
 frame-work of the Constitution might remain
 unchanged. There is, therefore, nothing in
 the Constitution which means slavery only
 slavery—and nothing else than slavery. The
 fact is, the framers of that cunning instrument
 were ashamed of the name while they had
 not the honesty to renounce the thing, sla
 very and it is the same sense of shame to
 day which leads the friends and defenders of
 this inhuman system to u se the term “peculiar
 institution,” Jjie relation subsisting between
 the European and African races” and the
 like. It is with a view to hide their great
 moral deformity from the eye of the world,
 and to shield slavery from the assaults and
 bolls which must ever descend upon it, when
 its gross form is presented to reflecting and
 humane men. But we pass from this to an
 other point in the address.
 It is this, the clear and positive testimony it
 bears to the efficiency of the anti-slavery agi
 tation at the North in undermining and de
 stroying slavery at the South. 'The old
 moonshine about putting back the cause of
 emancipation by agitation, has no countenance
 in this document. Mr. Calhoun and his
 forty thieves” see and clearly comprehend
 the moral forces now operating againt sla
 very, and is too honest towards his fellow
 companions in crime to conceal the danger
 which besets, or to affect to despise that dan
 ger. He is proud, haughty, and bitter, but
 not defiant. He sees in the systematic agita
 tion—the tracts, pictures, papers, pamphhts,
 and books—societies, lectures, and petitions,
 the most efficient means to bring about a stale
 of things which will foice the South into
 emancipation. We thank Mr. Calhoun fir
 this testimony. It is given in circumstances
 which add materially to its intrinsic value.—
 It is extorted against pride and precedent,
 two very strong resisting forces. Heretofore,
 abolitionists have been spoken of as fanai
 ics,” “madmen,” altogether a mont con
 temptible body, the only effect whins* ef
 forts would be, to rivet the fetter more closely
 on the limbs of the slave. That they are not
 so viewed now, is evident. If mad, there is
 a method in their madness,” as alarming to
 Mr. Calhoun and his “forty thieves,” as that
 of Hamlet to his murderous and incestuous
 uncle. abolitionists remember this testi
 atony of Mr. Calhoun, and thank God, and
 take courage ut view of the adatotted adapt
 adoessof our measures to the aeeoanplfehmefii
 of .our grand and coommaduig object—the
 entire abolition of slavery throughout this
 country—as well in South Carolina as in Cal
 ifornia. We like tbe testimony of Mr. Cal
 houn better than his reaaoouy. lie says
 Slavery is a demesne institute*. It U
 long* to tbe States, each for Use If, to .fee,dr
 whether it shall ba eatebHshed or not; and, il
 it be established, whether it should be shot
 ished or mn. Sugfi being the clear and uu
 questionable rights of the States, it follow*
 aaerenarily that it would ha a flagrant act oi
 1 Hlfressron on a State, destructive of its rights,
 i and subversive ol its ladepemleuee, for tb«
 j federel government, or one or more States, or
 their people, to undertake to force on u tbs
 emancipation of its slaves. But it is a sound
 BMsint in politics, as well as (aw and morals,
 that no one has a right to do that indirectly,
 which ha cannot do directly, and it may be
 added with equal truth, to aid, or abet, ot
 countenance another in doing it.”
 Belter call it Domestic Jldhry ImM*
 Horn. To buy and sell, to brand and scourge
 human beings with the heavy lash— to rob
 them of all the ju«t reward* of their labor—
"
