"10 compel them to live in ignorance of their
 relation* to Uod and man to blot out the in
 stitution of matnafe— to herd men and wo
 men together like the beasts of the held—to
 deprive them of the mean* of learning to read
 the name of God—to destroy their dignity aa
 human beings—to record their namea on the
 ledger with hones, sheep and awine—to feed
 them on a peck of corn a-week—to work them
 under a burning s«n in the rice-swamp, cot
 ton-field, sugar-plantation, almost ia a state o\
 nudity—to sunder families for the oonvenienct
 of purchasers —to examine men, women, am!
 children, on the auction-block, as a joekej
 nould examine a hone—to punish them for
 word, look, or gesture—to burn their flesl
 with hot irons—to tear their backs with the
 poiao iou* daws of a living cat —to shoot,
 stab, and hunt humanity with bloodhounds,
 —for one clam of men to have exclusive ami
 absolute power over the bodies and souls ol
 another dam of human beings; this, the
 whole of this infernal catalogue, is compre
 hended in the soft and innocent term, “domes
 he tnxhtuhon This is the established ordei
 of things in Carolina and Mr. Calhoun and
 his “forty thieves” would have the same
 order of things in California. But now to
 the doctrine laid down m the above extract.—
 It goes the length of denying, on tnorai
 grounds, to any and every person out of the
 State w here .slavery exists, the right of say
 ing, looking, or doing anything, directly or
 indirectly, for the overthrow of slavery.—
 According to tins reasoning, it would be im
 moral for Northern men to refuse to wear
 cotton, or to eat slave-grown rice
 and sugar, since by pursuing such a course,
 jHjradventure they might decrease the value ol
 the slaves, and tliereby indirectly affect the
 permanence of slavery. We are not to write,
 speak, or publish anything on the subject ol
 human slavery, lest it serve to darken the
 fame of slavery, and lessen it in the popular
 estimation, and tliereby indirectly destroy sla
 very, by exalting liberty. To do so, would
 necessarily be a flagrant aggression, a viola
 tion of the rights of a State, and subversive
 of its government. For what we have no
 right to do directly by legislation, we have no
 right to do indirectly any other means.—
 This is strange logic for one of the most pow
 erful minds and renowned statesmen that
 America affords. Coming from another quar
 ter, it would demand no answer or comment;
 buj from such a man, endorsed by such a com
 pany, lead so universally, and put forth so
 imposingly,and solemnly, aiming as it does, at
 the very foundation of the anti-slavery move
 ment, it may lie proper to spend a few thoughts
 upon it.
 How completely has slavery triumphed
 over the mind ot this strong man It holds
 full, complete and absolute control in his
 mind; so much so, that seeing it, he cannot
 and does not desire to see anything else than
 slavery. The right of speech, the freedom
 of the press, the liberty of assembling, and
 and the. right of petition, have iu his judge
 ment no rightful existence in the Constitution
 of the United States.
 Slavery is there he knows it to be there;
 it has a right to he there and anything in
 consistent with it is wrong, immoral, and has
 no right to be there. This is evidently the
 state of mind which Mr. Calhoun brings to
 the consideration of this subject, To reduce
 his reasoning to its real point and pith, it
 amounts to this—that where a people have no
 power to legislate for the overthrow of what
 they think an evil, they have no moral right to
 think, or speak, or do anything else which
 may induce those who have legislative power
 to exercise it for the removal of such evil, II
 is on this reasoning that he builds his com
 plaint against the Northern States, as want
 ing in respect to the institutions and sover
 eignty ot the Southern States; that they
 have not by legislative enactment silenced the
 voice of free speech,and suppressed the publi
 cations of the abolitionists. If Mr. Calhoui
 is right in ,his first position, he is right in hii
 conclusion hut he is wrong in both. Wi
 have no legislative po'wer to dethrone thi
 Queen of England, but have we no mora
 right to say that England would be bette
 under a republican form of government W&lt;
 have no legislative right or power to alter o
 abolish the British tariff; hut have we m
 inoral right to say that it is unequal and op
 piessive, and that England would be better ol
 without than with it. We have no legislativi
 power to abolish the union between Englani
 'and Ireland yet is it not obviously our righ
 to speak and write in favor of the repeal o
 the Union Mr. Calhoun sinks the rights o
 the man in the duties of the citizen, and b;
 confounding things which are separate am
 distinct, perpetrates a logical fallacy. Abovi
 and before all human institutions, stands tin
 right of sympathizing with the oppressed am
 denouncing the oppressors of mankind.
 Slavery is not only a wrong done to tin
 slave, hut an outrage upon man—not merely
 a curse to the South, but to the whole Union
 and has no rightful existence anywhere.—
 Slaveholders have no rights more than any
 other thief or pirate. They have forfeitei
 even the right to live, and if the slave shouU
 put every one of them to the sword to-mor
 row who dare pronounce the {tenuity dispro
 jtomoned to the crime, or say that th&lt;
 criminals deserved less than death at th&lt;
 hands of their long-abused chattels l All thii
 talk about the rights of slaveholders and tin
 rights of slave States, is the height of impu
 deuce. By what equity, by what morality
 are they justified 1 and upon what foundatioi
 do they rest the r right of property in humai
 flesh l Why, none other or better than may
 be set up by a band of robbers. We uiee
 iolm Calhoun and the “forty thieves’
 associated with liun, as being no better, o
 more entitled to respect, than a ship’s com
 pany of pirates; and the time is coming whei
 ‘hey will be -so regarded generally. It shal
 not avail that the Constitution and laws sane
 lion slavery. “There ia a law above al
 earthly statutes, written on the heart,” and by
 that law, unchangeable and eternal, no mai
 •■an he or hold a slave.
 We intended to have said something on th«
 extension of slavery in connection with oui
 remarks on this address, hut have neither tinu
 nor space sufficient tor the purpose. Wi
 leave this task to the “free Boilers,” both u
 the W hig and the Democratic ranks. Thi
 journals of each of tliese parties will aitem
 to the address on this point, as well a* to On
 nght of Congreiw to break up the dmgracefu
 and inhuman slave-marts in the District u
 olumbra, and abolish the whole system o
 wickedness, root and branch. As to the prob
able effect of this address, we believe that its
 most injurious ewwfwites bare already
 taken place. Ita power te Injure is destroyed
 It was terrible in the distance, bet tame on its
 approach. In the South, h mtj stir a slighi
 fever. He alaveboblera may be aJenpcd,
 enraged, and may twmr terribly about it,
 bet the North will despite the address, and
 the “grey fox’* and “forty thieves” who gave
 it to the world. We think it an exeelfeol
 means of agitating tbs public mind on the
 subject of slavery, and promoting the anti
 slavery cause, and should not regret if Mr.
 Calhoun would favor sa with another meet
 mg, and make another address. We are quilt
 sure that another meeting, though it would
 not probably be so large aa ‘the first, would
 be do leas effective in exciting contempt foi
 the whole slave power of the country.— r. d
 Rochester, Jan. 23, 1849.
 Fredericr DoCglssc—Dear Sir:—l hav«
 called twice at the Star office, for the pur
 pore of conferring with yon about our discus
 sion on American slavety, but did not fint
 you. i ain very anxious, in view of the gooc
 which I think may be done, to have thi
 discussion immediately, and will cheerfully
 meet you at any time and place in this city:
 which you may propose, provided it shall be
 soon, a h business will call me from the eity in
 a few days. The resolution to be discussed,
 as you doubtless recollect, one which 1
 presented at the AnU-Skvery Convention re
 cently held in this city, at which time you
 challenged ine to debate it, and I accepted the
 challenge.
 Resolved, That the Constitution of the
 United States, if strictly construed according
 to its reading, is Anti-Slavery in all of its
 provisions.”
 The word all was accepted from your
 suggestion. An immediate answer ia espe
 cially requested.
 Respectfully and truly yours,
 C. H. CHASE.
 Mv Dear Sir: l owe you an apology
 for not sooner publishing and replying to the
 above letter. On a close examination of the
 Constitution, I am satisfied that if strictly
 construed according to its reading,” it is
 not a pro-slavery instrument; and while I
 disagree with you as to the inference to be
 drawn from this admission, you will see that
 in the resolution, between us there is no ques
 tion for debate.
 1 now hold, as I have ever done, that the
 original intent and meaning of the Constitution
 (the one given to it by the men who framed
 it, those who adopted, and the one given to it
 by the Supreme Court of the United States)
 makes it a pro-slavery instrument—such an
 one as 1 cannot bring myself to vote under, or
 swear to support.
 Very respectfully,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 Fugitives from Labor, —Discussion in
 the If, Y. Senate.
 In the Senate of this State, a bill for the
 Protection of Personal Liberty, recently came
 up for discussion. By this bill it was pro
 posed to make the delivering up of runaway
 slaves a personal concern between the slave
 and his pursuer that the civil authorities of
 the State should take no cognizance of the
 matter, until a breach Df the pea'ce was com
 mitted—when both pursuer and pursued would
 become amenable to the law. The morality
 of this kind of legislation may well be
 doubted. It is either right or wrong that the
 slave should be returned to the man whe
 claims him as his property. If right, whj
 should not the constables, magistrates, jus
 tices,and all be bound to help on the good caus*
 of catching the runaway l If wrong, what
 necessity is there for sneaking out of the dif
 ficulty by the back door of a miserable sub
 terfuge 1 But so it is. The usual mist o
 the compromises of the Constitution, rises uj
 between the Senators of New York and thei]
 distinct perception of moral rectitude. On&lt;
 after another endeavors to prove—prob abb
 succeeds in proving—that the proposed bil
 conflicts with that clause of the Constitutioi
 which says, that
 “No person held to service or labor in on&lt;
 Slate, under the laws thereof, escaping inti
 another, shall in consequence of any law oi
 legislation therein, be discharged from suet
 1 service but shall be delivered up on claim ol
 the party to whom such labor may be due.”
 i'o one who merely wishes to get at tht
 i root of the matter, all this is very far
 fetched. Suppose it proved—it establishes
 j nothing—decides nothing but simply shirks
 the responsibility of arriving at any conclu
 sion. But why so l This is a question which
 must one day be decided. To blink it now,
 is the basest cowardice or the meanest sub
 serviency. This is not the way, in these
 days, to deal with a great truth. Men have
 not time, nor do they caie to follow the
 sophist through his interminable and flimsy
 webs of fine-spun casuistry.
 One Senator argues on this wise, in the
 true spirit of pettifogging
 There are citizens in this Stale who own
 i slaves in Maryland and Virginia. Supposing
 such a citizen finds one of his slaves in thii
 State and claims, and attempts to detain him
 —by this law he would be lietble to fines and
 imprisonment. What would be the result 1
 He would say. Here is my defence and &amp;ar
 rant in the Constitution of the United States.
 More than that. The laws of Maryland au
 thorized him to control the action of his
 servant, and by the Constitution, we are bound
 to regard those laws. He would tell tht
 State tribunals that they had no business ti
 discharge his servant from service. Yoi
 cann t change the relation between us if thi
 j Constitution says you shall not.”
 This mode of reasoning involves the entirt
 subversion of every principle of moral recti
 tude. In the same way, if the framers of Uu
 Constitution had seen fit to legalize murder
 any kind of theft besides manstealing, wha
 would be the result 1 Why, in the words o
 this Solon—the murderer or thief, whet
 brought to the bar of justice, might say—
 Here is my defence or waiiant in the Coo
 stitution of the United Stales Of com*
 the defence would be entirely satisfactory
 The man who committed the crime would bi
 set at liberty,, and the gloiious Constitutioi
 would have ike high honor of sanctioning lb
 worst of crimes, and of throwing the sbiek
 of its protection over the most guilty of crun
 inals. And so it does, if it be true, so tht
 Senator affinws,|M* *b« dsuse quoted refer
 to slaves for Is It not the most daring am
 Heaven-defying crime a*eal a man Tb
 moral sense of that individual who eannu
 distinguish that every man ia himself, am
 1 belong* to one else, must be low beyond a]
belief. It is doubtfol if eueh a benighted mu)
 could be found even within ike four wails ti
 Auburn Petrftttitfcry. 1 do not say that the
 Constitution does this—l cannot persuade my
 self that it is s matter of maeh consequence,
 in so for as future action is concerned, whe
 iher it does or not. It appears just about as
 eaay to say that the Constitution does sanction
 slavery, ted aught tn he he amended, o
 changed, or left to rot among the rubbish of
 the hat esotnry, as to prove In the sntts&amp;ctioo
 of slaveholders and pro-slavery politicians,
 and bring them to act in accordance with that
 proof—that the Constitution does no /sanction
 shivery or any other iniquity, and is therefore
 deserving of their and oar highest and most
 reverential regard. No one would consider
 obligatory any deed of his grandfather, which
 bound him to the commission of a murder or
 a robbery, or to return stolen goods to the
 robber, when the rightful owner had succeed
 ed in regaining possession of them. It is
 very clear though grandfathers, and
 great -grandfathers, and progenitors as for back
 as the flood, bad pHed deed upon deed, and
 heaped them up heaven-high, commanding or
 sanctioning the commission of a murder or a
 robbery, the sin of him who committed either
 of these offences against the eternal and im
 mutable principles of morality, summed up
 in the words, Do to others as ye desire that
 others should do unto you,” would be in no
 sense or degree altered or modified. What js
 right for an individual is also right for a socie
 ty —for a State—for a nation. Were Con
 gress to draw up guaranty upon guaranty,
 sanction upon sanction, and pile them up in the
 halls of legislation, till the members ate
 forced to quit their seats—eight dollars a-day
 and mileage to boot, to make room for their
 documents, binding the posterity of the pres
 ent generation to certain conditions or com
 promises, that involved the violation of theii
 (not our) sense of morality, who would blame
 them for scattering those documents to the
 winds, and acting on their own responsibility
 all our pledges and guaranties to the con
 tiary notwithstanding l There are but few, I
 think, who would venture to.deny their right
 —not only their right, but their duty to do
 this. Let us make hats, and coats, and hoots
 for coming generations, if we will, ignorant
 as we are of the dimensions of the heads—
 the breadth of the shoulders, and the. men
 suration of the feet of those who are to suc
 ceed us ignorant, indeed, whether they
 may choose to be arrayed in those sorts of
 garments at all; but let us not attempt to fix
 for them either a code of morality or of law.
 What we would not do for coming ages, we
 must also protest against past ages doing for
 us. I cannot allow that my predecessors had
 any right to determine what should or should
 not be the character of my religion, my mo
 rality, or my law.—j. d.
 American Colonization Society.
 The annual meeting of this Society for the
 present year, was held in the Hall of the
 House of Representatives at Washington, on
 Tuesday evening, 16th ult. In the absence
 of the President, Elisha Whittlesey, one of
 the Vice Presidents presided.
 A the reading of the Report, the following
 resolution was adopted on motion of Richard
 W. Thompson, of Indiana;
 Resolved r That tW-hjgjswy o£thu pi yaon
 as developed in the Report which has just
 been read, has strengthened our confidence in
 the great principles of the Colonization So
 ciety, and that in their purity and strength we
 see satisfactory evidence of their ultimate
 triumph.
 It was further on motion of Mr. Me Lane,
 Resolved, That the efforts of the American
 Colonization Society to facilitate the ultimate
 emancipation and restoration of the black race
 to social and national indepednence, are high
 ly honorable and judicious, and consistent
 with a strict respect for the rights and privi
 leges of the citizens of the several States
 wherein the institution of Slavery is sanc
 tioned by municipal law.
 And further, on motion of Mr. Maxwell,
 That the influence which the scheme of
 African colonization exerts to suppress the
 slave trade, to spread the English language
 and the principles of republican government,
 and to open new markets for American pro
 ducts, and extend American Commerce,
 should commend it to the favorable consid
 eration of the respective State Legislatures
 and to the General Government.
 The National Intelligencer reports the mee
 ting to have been very large, and all its pro
 ceedings to have been of deep interest.
 The first resolution above makes an asser
 tion, that the “confidence of those who Voted
 for it has beqp strengthened in the great prin
 ciples of the Colonization Society.” The
 “great principle of that Society—a princi
 ple which is great in its littleness, is, that
 colored men, liecause they are colored, can
 not live in this country on an equality with
 white men. It is enough simply to deny the
 truth of this principle. When the unreason
 ing aud unchristian prejudice, of which the
 Colonization Society is the offspring, is re
 moved, where will be the difficulty There
 will be none.
 The second resolution is very careful to
 make it known that the efforts of the Colon
 ization Society are consistent with a strict
 respect for the rights and privileges of the
 citizens of the several States wherein the in
 stitution of slavery is sanctioned by municipul
 law.” This is rather a soft wav of saying
 it, but it means that the right of the slave
 holder to steal men is respected by the Col
 onization Society. The right to steal! The
 tight to be paid for what is stolen! The
 right to convert a man into a brute—a chattel,
 and then sell him to this Society, for the par
 pose of transportation to Liberia or some
 other place on the coast of Africa! Can
 such a right be possessed by any human
 being No it is a wrong—a foul and hor
 rible iniquity, deserving not the respect, bat
 the deepest execration of all men in whose
 souls there bum the smallest spark of bn
 mamty.
 On these proceedings the Cincinnati Gazette
 remarks:
 “Let the true friends of the colored mac
 continue their aid, by money and good words,
 to the cokmumtieo scheme. They can dc
 neither him nor hts children so much good is
 any other way.”
 In this true Is it a feet that the colored
 nun etnnot bn more highly beoefitted in asj
 other way 1 If so, his prospect* are gloomy
 indeed. What has the Colonization Society
 done for the colored man during the paai
 year Why, it has raised *51,963 46
 and with that sum has conferred upon 442
 emigrants the doubtful benefit of aendiaf
 them to Liberia! Fmtr hundred and forty
 threef Most benevolent, most remidsrzSi
was certainly not Was than 90,000. aodgout of
 (aa you my) fad femr hundred and forty
 'three* The fohle of the mountain and mouse
 is nothing to this. But the truth is, it is aff a
 farce. Coldwizatinu cannot and wfß mu, and
 it is not its intention to effect the deration of
 the colored American. Some other and mote
 Christian memos most he uaud. Men most
 coroe to view this question ia a different light.
 They ohm!foam toesumder that this land ia
 the home of the colored mao; dim his toil
 has cultivated it—that hit sweat and ton
 have watered it—that h» Mood has fructified
 it—end he will and has a right to
 remain.
 Theodore Parker, ia a sermon recently
 preached io Boston, mentions some of the
 causes of the degradation of the free colored
 man:
 The Blacks in New England are despised
 and frowned down, not admitted to the steam
 boat, the omnibus, to the seboolhouaes in
 Boston, or even to the meeting-house with
 white men; not often allowed to work in
 company with the whites, and so they are
 kept in poverty.”
 He is shut out from school—what can he
 be but ignorant* shut out from the meeting
 houses of the whites (sod unchristian and
 u a philosophical as are the teachings delivered
 in many of those meeting-houses, they are
 still infinitely superior, to those of the vast
 majority of colored preachers)—what can he
 be but uninstructed on religions subjects* shut
 out from the means of acquiring a respectable
 livelihood—what can he be but poor and com
 paratively wretched shut out from the civil
 izing influences of libraries, lyceums, and
 reading-rooms, enjoyed by his more fortunate
 brethren of a paler hue, it is not to be won
 dered at if he seeks for recreation and enjoy
 ment in other and less refined pleasures.
 Remove these barriers give the colored man
 free-access to all the privileges enjoyed by
 others; let him feel that this land is, and will
 be his home open to him the doors to pre
 ferment and usefulness; and a vast improve
 ment will speedily make itself apparent in the
 manners and condition of the colored popula
 tion.of these States. All this they have a
 right to demand. All this Christianity de
 mands foi them. Till all this is done, the
 claims of humanity will not be satisfied. If
 the colored people are degraded, why send
 them off and set them apart by themselves,
 away from the elevating influences' of sur
 rounding intelligence! Such a course can
 have no tendency but to help [to perpetuate
 that which it pretends to remove. The true
 way to benefit the free blacks is, not to col
 onise,but to educate, and to place within theii
 reach all (tossible means of self-education. Do
 this, and they will speedily become, at least
 in an equal proportion with their white breth
 ren, respectable and respected. —j. d.
 Onward!
 A telegraphic despatch from Columbus,
 Ohio, brings the cheering intelligence, that
 on the 30th ult, the House of Represen
 tatives passed a bill, declaring the ‘Black
 Laws’ (so called) of that State unconstitu
 tional, and repealing them by a vote of 52 to
 ,11! If the Senate does not arrest the bill,
 these odious enactments will be erased from
 -the willtfe'Tedeemed.
 ID* The National Assembly of Ge/many
 has abolished Capital Punishment except by
 martial law, and in case of mutiny at sea.
 The Editor of the Protestant Churchman,
 now in Europe, in writing to his paper from
 London in December, has the following item:
 “London is brilliantly illuminated by the
 newly invented charcoal light, kindled on
 a pillar in one of the Parks at West End.
 The application of this to light-houses prom
 ises to be of the greatest benefit. Thus far
 the success of the experiments here has been
 complete, and warrants the highest anticipa
 tions of its extended usefulness.”
 yr
 Mr. Calhoun says that the Texes Sena
 tors will be crushed in the resistless march of
 Southern opinion, and Senator Houston re
 plies that Mr. Calhoun is nding in a go-cart
 that will be soon upset.
 Great preparations are making at Wash
 ington for the inauguration of Gen. Taylor.
 A booth is to be built capable of holding
 10,000 persons.
 Fanny Kemble Butler is reading Shakes
 peare’s playß at the Masonic Temple in Bos
 ton.
 Frozen to Death. —The Quebec Gazette
 of Jan. Bth, says that Dr. Meldrum, of New
 Richmond, Gaspe, Canada, was found frozen
 to death on the road leading to his residence,
 on the 23d of Dec. last.
 Frederick Jerome, the sailor who distin
 guished himself in saving lives from the
 Ocean Monarch, goes out to California as tho
 mate of. a ship.
 A Methodist Episcopal Company is form
 ing in New York for the gold mines.—
 None but members of that denomination are
 admitted.
 Homestead Exempton in Ohio. —The
 Ohio Standard contains a report made to the
 Legislature of Ohio, by the select committee
 to whom was referred the petition of citizens
 of Seneca County, praying that Family
 Homesteads may be exempt from sale on ex
 ecution to pay debts. The report ia fovuQtble
 to the prayer. The Standard thinks thaf a
 bill will be passed.
 Michigan. —TbeXogislatore of this State,
 has adopted resolutions against the extension
 of shivery, and instructing her Senators an
 the subject. Undgr these instructions (which
 are directly ommted to the doetnoes of the
 Niehobou tepvfGen- Cam goes back to the
 Senate.
 “Do yon know ozid a cunning Yankee
 to a Jew, “that they bang Jews and Jack
 asses together in Portlandlndeed bro
 ther, then it’s weft yoe and I are not there.”
 CesDufciTY or Inpidklitv .——Charles the
 H. hearing the celebrated Voraios,* free
 thinker, repeating seme incredible stone, of
 the Chinese, turning those about him,
 said, “Thii learned divine is a very rtrange
 man. He believes even thing but the Bible.”
 Amendment or me Constitution. —A
 law waa named at tbn hue aeaaioo of the I*-’
 diana legislature authorising **d requiring a
 ntra «x* vote, in jhe several counties of this
 State, ss to
 ventlOQ ti UMM lU® GUQmliuuofl.
 Every refer will therefor* be eaHed upon at
 the next August elertwu, to vote upon thw
 important question, sad we hope alt will be
 prepared to do se nadermsnduigly. Jnd.
 State Sentind.
 quite !r«t«rpi&lt;r re visit your port at the
 teretry at presort.
 m. D., nandv\kim SneeieeA. TreW
 H. H. C. sad tL B. next we*. t

tornmuntcatioiu.
Rocttma, Fob. id, 1849.
 Fwwwa Docclajm, Sir,—The snitnml
 $9 M 4ppad to aid the cbeektsm ef the
 North Star. Phase aeanpt it. BtisaM it
 ■Mt year sppcohatiea, yue awy send the
 entreat vetane ef the Star to aa—a poor bat
 worthy —loved pen— t who weald be boat-
 Hied by i- per—al; or appropriate it —y
 way you any dean —oat proper, far the re
 lief of the npprea—d or freedom of the eo
 ahred.
 i have kmg beatitrd aboat aradinf
 —ll a sum—which it, in troth, trifling wh—
 compared with the importance aad gveaiaa—
 of the cooso which you advocate—bat caaaot
 ace that withholding h ia likely to iacroaat
 the amount. I shall therefore r—tore to aaad
 it, accompanied with all the good wish— aad
 ardent dasires for the prosperity and ultimate
 success of the anti-slavery can— that a larger
 amount could he.
 Should the future reveal to —e a so—y
 spot” on life’s dark way, unclouded by nos
 trums aad doctor’s bills, I hope to be at least
 more active if not more useful.
 Very respectfully, fee., S. M. M.
 Cortlandvillx, Feb. 1849.
 Bishop H. H. Garnet —My old Friend
 and Kinsman :—Having read your communi
 cation in the hat two numbers of the Heath
 Star, my interest in them is sufficient to em
 bolden me to addiese you in this manner, that
 I may the better understand you.
 Most heartily do 1 agree with you in refer
 ence to the importance of Western New
 York. I have for many years regarded it a
 the very battle ground of impartial Freedom,
 and so regarding it, I agree with you as to
 the immense—l had almost said the infinite—
 importance of the very highest possible at
 tainments in moral eminence, by the colored
 men and women of this highly favored portion
 of oar native country and our adopted State.
 Right glad am I that Mr. Douglass, you and
 I, three Marylanders, have views so nearly
 alike on this subject.
 Prejudice against colored men is less active
 and teas bitter here, and is much more easily
 controlled, than in any other portion of the
 United States. Hence, if we continue de
 based here, the enemies of our cause will
 point to us and say, Behold what negroes are
 in the most favored positions! whence they
 would seek to draw the conclusion, that oor
 elevation is impossible. Such a Convention
 as you propose, I think, would do great good,
 especially as none of the Methodist Confer
 ences, none of the associations or other reli
 gious bodies of black men, ever deign to as
 semble in any part of our section; and indeed
 the only gatherings we have, are om First of
 August Celebrations, which cannot, from their
 very nature, (not to speak of some of their
 accompaniments,) answer the purposes to
 which you call attention. Besides our State
 Conventions, with but two exceptions, have
 sat where delegates from the west could not,
 without great expense of money and time,
 attend them. We must have Western Con
 ventions and other means Tot the elevation of
 oor people, or see them overlooked, neglected
 and despised, and as a consequence, debased
 for many years to come. Such blighting, ru
 inous influences our common cause cannot
 afford to suffer.
 I agree with you also in the welcome of
 Frederick Douglass, Wm. C. Nell, and,
 begging your pardon, I will add, Henry H.
 Garnet, to this interesting field of labor. I
 would that such men as Robert Purvis, with
 his accomplished lady and interesting family,
 were among the families of the amateur farm
 ers; that William Whipple and, Stephen Smith
 werd among the stirring, enterprising timber
 merchants of the Empire State. They could
 here, in Western New York, do more for the
 cause of our common humanity in one month,
 by their mere presence, and their weight of
 chaiacter aod social position, than they can do
 among Philadelphia semi-si aveholdrrs, By
 berry Quakers,” and Columbia Dutchmen, in
 all their lifetime, should they live to be as old
 as Methuselah.
 Still, I would not say to tboee wbo live in
 fiee States, Buch as Massachusetts and Ver
 mont, Leave and come hither. But I would,
 with all becoming deference, beseech them to
 do much more where they are.
 1 may not understand your remarks in re
 spect to Colonisation. You am pleased to
 say—” 1 hesitate not to say, that my mind, of
 late, has greatly changed in regard to the
 American. Colonization scheme. So far ss it
 benefits the land of my fathers, 1 hid it God
 speed but so far as it denies the possibility
 of oor elevation here, 1 oppose it. 1 would
 rather see a man free in Liberia, than a slave
 in the-United States.” I supposed you would
 enlighten your readers aad your many ad
 mirers, ia regard to what phases of the
 American Cut on nation scheme” had pre
 sented themselves to you in such attractive
 forms as to change your' mind greatly of
 late,” and to engage your complacency. 1
 also did and shall still expect to hear the rae
 sous for the "change.” Neither of these
 ia the last chase qooted; aad that, it seema
 to me, is not so fell sad explicit as o— would
 —totally expect fro-;HearyfHighlaad Garnet
 The Americas Colonization seheme” con
 fers few, if —y, blessings upon A— load of
 oor fathers.” Moot abundantly baa it boon
 shown that the uni—ientry operations the
 const of Africa were always hindered by the
 moral, or rather the«—israf influence of the
 colony; aad that men may go than aad he
 fiee aad grow rich, ia lean owing la thair
 good eoasutotMXM and the natural fardkirs for
 trade, under* GodT than to "the American
 ■corny area fiee anywhere this ride ef Hadce,
 rather than slates in Ely—on. Bet that they
 are so, aad I at«, makes M gnat
 of the cnlnninrt merits The —turn and
 leas fiem what in the eoadfciae at the Rayah
 beef Liberia, than from the aboanaahle rey
 taga ef fa Pieaidnt, the —pcsnoot slave
 holder, Henry Clay, with wlwh yes ase
 fomihar —fro— the —at— of one of his
 MrekmasTn the white man’s reentry?”—
 fraas the abeoe e—apdy heaped epaa by
 Finney, and ten the geaanl, eahenal, as
 |to whtsb yoe refer, via that oer elevation it
 li* *a*fcja*K t*.
 -Jk. V- r V
impossible hen. Looking at these tbmge
 Idn, I couhl not cenoeive that the bet ebne*
 •hieh I b» quoted fern yon explained yem
 Mi meanmg, asd I deemed it dne to ton im
 portance of thosubjeet, (whether relevaat or
 to toe HbjKt of your aradu,) to your
 Mack sea, as well aa to tbe aiders and afaet
 anthropic, mi to aaj diabolical, aolo
 fuily, to give to the public, through tbe eel
 umna of too North Star, a fall and explicit
 caaaaa which lad t hereunto, tad the potato ia
 rasp set to wkidt that “change” baatakee
 place.
 It ia leaa impoitant to you than to myaelf,
 perbapa, tost I should add, that poor aaewev
 to toil shall bo given to the readers of the
 Impartial Citaen, to the columns of which,
 whatever nay corifi from your alia pan shall
 oot ooly ha cordially welcomed, hut thankfully
 received and duly appreciated.
 With sentiments of the deepest respect,
 I am, my dear Sir,
 Tour obedient servant,
 SAM. R. WARD.

 Political Meeting.
 At a political meeting of toe colored citi
 zens of the borough of Marrietta, Lancaster,
 county, Pennsylvania, held in toe Hall of toe
 Sons of Temperance, on Tuesday evening,
 the 23d inat., which was organised by tbe
 appointment of Mr. Wm. Singer Chairman,
 and Mr. John B. Williams Secretary.
 Tbe meeting was very ably addressed by
 Messrs. L. A. Williams, H. H. Webb, and
 Wm. P. Wilson, »f Columbia, Pa. Tbe
 Speakers explained at great length the call,
 object and action of tbe recent Colored Con
 vention held at Harrisburg in December last,
 for toe purpose of obtaining a repeal of the
 word “white” from the 3d article of the-Con
 stitution of this State. He also appealed to
 the meeting in the most eloquent strains, be
 seeching them by their love of liberty, justice
 and equality, to use every effort in their
 power to secure for themselves and the rising
 generation that political equality which is the
 rich boon of the favored citizens of Pennsyl
 vania. The speeches of these gentlemen
 produced quite an animating effect upon the
 audience; after which, tbe following resolu
 tions were presented, discussed, and unami
 mously adopted:
 Resolved, That this meeting do most cheer
 fully concur in the object of said Convention,
 and will most zealously unite with our
 brethren throughout the county and the
 State in the promotion of measures for its
 attainment.
 Resolved, That the proceedings of this
 meeting be published in the North Star,
 signed by the Chairman and Secretary.
 WM. SINGER, Ch’n.
 John B. Williams, Sec’y.
 Marietta, Jan. 24.
 T rom car own Correspondent*
 London, Jan. 11, 1848.
 No one will dispute _ that the year 1848
 will ever be memorable. Iu the third and
 fourth centuries of the Christian era, many
 and great changes took plsce. The events
 that then occurred sufficed to alter the system
 of government, and entirely to change the
 face of society throughout all Christendom.
 j The overwhelming numbers of the barbarians,
 and the fierce but not unwary policy of theji
 chieftains, made the downfall of old imperial
 Rome a speedy one; yet were tbe wild and
 strange mutations, consequent on the ruin of
 the Caesar, not confined to one, or ten, or even
 one hundred years. No common sympathy
 pervaded the daring hordes that precipitated
 themselves, some from the icy North-—some
 from the interminably German forests—some
 from the wide Sarm&amp;tian plains, upon the
 luxurious mistress of ibe world. Each
 king (to use the old Scotch proverb) fought
 for bis own hand,” and each was jealous of
 the other. Strangely different has been the
 great uprising to which the by-gone year has
 given birth. By some mysterious sympathy,
 toe volatile, impetooos Frenchman—the in
 dolent yet passionate Italian—the laborious,
 enthusiastic German the half-chivalrous,
 half-obsequious Pole—the haughty, fiery-tem
 pered Hungarian, have choeen one season to
 strike, a blow foT their righto, real or imagin
 ary, and in good earnest too. Nine capita)
 cities of Europe have witnessed deadly, des
 perate fight—one Emperor and a King, each
 weary of contest, have abdicated; two princes
 have been driven from their thrones—the one
 because be reformed too little—the other
 (strange thing!) because he reformed too
 much. The Sovereign Pontiff of toe great
 western church has been seen declaring war
 with that church’s most devoted son. He
 now, in his adversity, appeals to that strange
 amphibious Pontiff Potentate, who hi at once
 Cesar of the east sad head of the great east
 ern rival church.
 The present opening year has received a
 legacy from itsdepartod taotorir, of conflict,
 eoufeioo, and unaertainty. Toe President of
 the new Repolie is even now in diAeohy. A
 missndmtanding as to the brsiade of hie pre
 rogative, has cost him two of hie best minis
 ters. In the city which m the sent of bis
 government, bets are freely offered that that
 government will be violently -extinguished ere
 two months have passed. The Sovereign
 Pontiff proclaims that his. people will sot!
 hrten. His Boorhoa hast promises, aad his
 people will net behove. Tbs yeethfol em
 peror, new to bis dignity, spanks words of
 pesos and urges toe oUhua of post mutual
 heartburnings; yet takes fire sad sword, is
 their moot terrible ■gaifieanee, to reduce eae
 of bit meet rebellious hiagilm—. Tbe only
 Prises, whose position most mdtrlnm his
 rival, seams doing bin best to gel bis domm
 ians into snwwhisg like eider; king and
 e*rt in ruartablieh that, ton Ism of which
 has eom thmn so dear. Front thin brief aem
 mory, yea will see tost be whs ob all firopbeey
 truly hr one mentfi in advance, will bn a
 greater aner than tbe Tbmias of eld story.
 s. p. a R-
 Boron a Faxs-Soosa.—Tbe Behunmt
 Clipper,! Washington rnrtser pendent says
 tost Benton fstnras to too sent tm toe Bennie
 with a fixed dstsemnwtiiiii ts take mm a
 date* of ton Pms Sail a* iadpU. fbnm
 b» known jwn wtß” and if SmStoM p*^
 mtosaidmaf them who dtffi* wito him m
 iryjnmu It w mid ha mill,
 flifcl*** M*!,****
Ovi Fvtvhe Pmoaracrs.—Wa bt« tot
 to to true to «Mim Tk npimMt of l
 year oahkHy to be paralleled as a touchstone
 of oauonaJ stability bao atoadaatly proved
 paSe dMfite the suicidal revolw
 tions of neiffcboerieg itatee Wilkie the
 laac mx weeks trade kas iroprovad w oer
 nortbero dfUittf*. Console have advanced,
 Moeyhaa two»e abeadam. and the Bonk
 •tores base mrreftsad, although throe Ew
 peoa capitate oat of four weie m kale wtbee
 of anarchy or siege, and although aa eteetocal
 revolution ih Prance was destnbed as pstrtoad
 ing both civil and foveifa war.* if
 ht*« vnaetoar gam year for
 meree baa beea purified. on lyam of ear*
 rcncyflaied,andaspmtofWguiro«ieeutar|eioa
 sahotitated for aa annatora) freasy of spacala
 «oo. We are fovtanaie, not oaly in übaaring
 prospects of trade, bat in the for more pecioae
 scqunitioo of a temper to steiaanteaod improve
 them properly. The former advantage is one
 which aay yen might bring wj^it; the
 latter, one which coaid only follodHtoa the
 trials of such a year aa tbedfost.— Timet.
 Law is* Sroars and ‘Atimis..- The
 greatest amusement, when you have 'nothing
 else to do, is shopping. It can be indulged
 also at the very cheapest rate for you can
 enjoy a good hour’s entertainment for a yard
 of ribbon, or ran through a bankrupt’s stock
 merely for a paper of jmta. Another’s wort
 —is Dotting your husband's papers to nghtt.
 It is best to be present when he attempts to
 look for anything, so to be a witness of hte
 distress and confusion. Punch.
 The Ancient Boat feom the Clyde.
 At the meeting of the Society of Antiquaries,
 held on the Bth, Jan. there was presented
 to the society, through the liberality of the
 trustees of the river Clyde, an ancient host,
 dug up in the autumn of 1847, at Spring
 field, opposite the Broomielaw. This most
 interesting relic is hewn out of a single tree,
 and ia in so rude a fashion that we can hardly
 assign too remote a date 10 it within the era
 of our island's history.— Edtnimrgh Witness.
 Napoleon at St. Helens.--Leisure and
 solitude brought no healing to him. He had
 no moral force which could respond to the
 appeal of adverse circumstances. He had in
 him nothing of the man which could, in a
 season of rest, look buck with wonder or a
 amile onjthe turbulence of its childish vanity
 and pride; nothing of the sage which could
 draw from the vicissitudes of experience any
 aliment of present wisdom and peace. He
 remained to the last morally a child and a
 sufferer—a baffled child, and an unconscious
 sufferer from worse woes than hie mortifica
 tions, his bondage, and his privation.—Pic*
 tonal History of England.
 I ia stated that M. Guizot is in such
 straitened circumstances that he has accepted
 a situation connected with a library belonging
 to the Bedford family.
 Rumoured'Retirement op Jenny. Lind.—
 We have the best authority for stating that
 this gifred artist will appear no more upon the
 stage. In a letter to the daughter of the
 Bishop of- "-y—, she writes to the effect, that
 as she has made up her mind to relinquish her
 theatrical career, she will be enable to gratify
 her desire to pay her long-promised visit.”
 Sunday Times.
 The Pensiones President.—-An English
 peer, whose rental exceeds .£60,000 a year,
 including his Irish property, pays Louts Na
 poleon Bonaparte, the expected Emperor of
 France, j£soo a year—an annuity which his
 lordship granted to his mistress, who is now
 under the protection of Bonaparte.— Nenagh
 Guardian.
 A new printing machine has just been set up
 at the Times office, which throws off 8,000
 impressions an hour. It has eight cylinders,
 and it is anticipated that it will ultimately be
 worked to 12,000 copies an hour.
 A Californian expedition has left Green
 ock, a number of navvies” accompany
 ing it, armed with a due supply of spades
 anil smelting pots.
 Gentlemen. —Perhaps gentlemen are rarer
 personages than some of us think for. Which
 of us can point out many such in his circle
 men whose aims are generous, whose truth is
 constant, and not only constant in its kind,
 but elevated in its degree; whose want of
 meanness makes them simple; who can look
 the world honestly in the face, with an equal
 manly sympathy with the great, and the
 small Thackeray.
 Valuable Advice to Tetchy Gentle
 men.—Our old grandmother used to say to
 our old grandfather, “It’s useless quarrelling,
 my dear, for you know we must make it up
 again.”— Punch.
DIED.
Id this City on Saturday evening February 4th,
 of Pulmonary Consumption, Ann E., wife of An
 drew S. Clacxner, ami daughter of John
 Braithwaite, aged 28 years, ten months and
 nine days. During her protracted illness she mani
 fested the utmost patience under suffering, was very
 grateful to her friends for their kind care and at
 tentions, frequently expressing her gratitude for the
 many blessings which were hers, and which she
 appreciated to the last. She continued fiierfectly
 sensible and when convinced site could not recover,
 expressed an entire willingness and resignation,
 observing that she had enjoyed the present state aad
 felt that there was comfort here, but now expected
 to enter a much brighter and happier state of ex
 istence. Wisdom ie gray hairs and an unspotted
 life is old age.”
 la this city of consumption, oo the 7ih inst.,
 Eliz. J. Heard, daughter of Llovd and Mart
 A. Scott, seed 4 rears-
Commercial
 Rochester}F«b. 7,1849.
 There is bo new feature ia oar amcket, aad prices
 cf produce reamie about as they were test week.
 The roads have beea good, sad a considerable cam
 ber of learns have beea ia from the coeatry, giving
 activity to basieess generally. Yesterday Wheat
 from wagons sold at fil 12ft «1 If. Cara 44c,
 aad Oats from 28 to tic g ba. Clover Seed is
 worth f* M•f4 ba. Safes of Fleur ia assail
 lots at about ff 12ft •6*o.
 Keetetter Wholesale Pneee Carnal.
 IjOUR and MEAL—Duty 29 ?c sd val
 Floor, f bbl *2O
 {Vifffe mya| If Luak
 PROVlSlONS.—Dwty;Baef,Porh,Haam, Beroa.
 Better aad Lard, 2*? e; Cheese 22 if c ed val
 Pork, (am) 12 00
 Do. m hog 400 4 50
 Beef, ewt. S4O 49 4 SO
 Do. Übi. (toms) 7 (JO 809
 Lard (tried) ?fe 0 H
 Do. (feaf,)
 Hama, (tmakad) 10.. 8
 Shoulders, do 9
 Turkeys ..0
 Chickens ..9
 Potatoes, bosh. IB 50
 GRAIN —Duty; 29 (p e ad val
 Coro
 Bye
 Owl 29
 Barley
 HIPEA—Pwtj; iyeadvafi
 s'—
 w* 19
 MmnPeks* 12ft 9 29
 gOm-Dwy; MnmardtOr
 cad val
 Clover ‘.«g
 rSS
 Csdfhh eat fl 19


 Ur-r+T ..w
 r Bearo.rbH* 1* 109

 WV a a
 Safe Wood j
"
