"Potttfi.
From thr Hartford tbpaUien.
 A VISION OF rilE NIGHT.
 From (Kr Tawnr of (hr Kifttt. «hcs «y eyw
 glanced forth
 To thr Fart and the W m, to the Sooth and the
 Worth,
 Ihere warn dark near and ttiUnea? around;
 tha wraariif gu»lt of a Nauon’a night,
 And the feint feint gleam of thetr lifted nn,
 At they lay done chained to the groanJ;
 For the heaven* were wrapped in a dondy pall,
 And a horror of darkneoa covered all.
 One spake from below," How long! how
 Shaft the weak be crashed, and the wicked strong
 Haw long shall we near the chain 1
 Oh, help! give ns help! we are dying ham,
 it the hand no strength, in the heart no cheer,
 Nodjdn in the flooded brain/*
 I lookff through the gloom where the speaker by.
 Till the voice of Hie anguish quivered away.
 Bat the echo of numberleiw thousands rode,
 As a sfnrnty wind through the forest blows,
 llow long must we perish here!
 For our hearts are pierced with pangs untold,
 And the ground we are chained to—oh, how cold!
 And the heaven* above—how drear’
 Look out from thy Tower and quickly say,
 Is the night nearly gone! will it soon be day!
 For the gloom of the Past presses down on us still
 And we strain our eyes to the eastern bill,
 But no promise of light is there;
 And the ringing lash, and the clanking chain,
 And the sob of grief, and the cry of pain,
 And the silence of despair;
 AH sounds cf terror, all sight* of woe,
 tome gathering around our prison below.
 We pray to man, but lie scorns our prayer,
 We pray to God, but the empty air
 Returns no sound or sign;
 Hope ultupers at oar l earts no more,
 Wlten we (tear tlx* Demon of Darkness roar,
 Ye are mine, forever mine;*
 And our shuddering souls are swiftly driven
 From the pity of men aiui the help of Heaven!
 But the end is nigh. Let tlie eye of sorrow
 A glance from the prophet’s vision borrow.
 To pierce the curtain of woe;
 Tlie chain shall he broken, in wrath or in love,
 And light shall come from the realms above,
 Or—fire from the depths below;
 Must our freedom be born of love or of hate!
 We wait; for an hour and a day we wait.”
 Then a sudden silence settled around.
 And I stopped to listen, but beard no sound
 From the shut lips beneath;
 Till an awful voice spake close to my soul,
 Hark! henr’st thou the distant thunders roll!
 They are sounding the trumpet of death,
 For tlie hour has come; stand still and see
 The terrible birth-pangs of Liberty!”
 A flame, as of lightning, filled the air,
 And I saw, in its rpd volcanic glare,
 Millions of marching men,
 Each hand was armed with a liroken chain.
 And llicir voices burst in a long, wild strain,
 Till the heavens replied again:
 We are free, we are fice, we have seized tin
 crown;
 Woe now to tlie tyrants that trampled us down!”
 Then the tumult of battle rang up to the sky,
 With tlie shriek, and tlie groan, and the suppliant
 cry.
 For mercy that never was given,
 Through tlie shivering bills an eartliquake rushed,
 And a thousand fountains of fire upgushed,
 And glared in the face of heaven;
 Over valley and plain the hissing flood
 Ran down to tlie Tower wliereon I stood.
 And I saw no more; for Rcin came,
 And swept over all w ith his breath of flame,
 And daslied his fiery wave;
 Till tower and tow n came rushing down,
 With tlie soldier’s sword and tlie monarch's crown,
 And the fetters of the slave;
 All level alike on tlie roaring flood;
 All buried at last in fire and blood. 1.. K.
 PROCRASTINATIONS
 BY chari.es mackay.
 If fortune with a smiling face,
 Strew roses on your way.
 When shall we stoop to pick them up!
 To-day, my love, to-day
 But should she frown w ith face of care,
 And talk of coming sorrow,
 When shall we grieve, if grieve we must,
 To-morrow, love, to-morrow.
 If those who’ve wronged ns own llieir faults,
 And kindly pity, pray,
 When shall we listen and forgive
 To-day, my love, to-day.
 But if stern Justice urge lebuke,
 And warmth from memory borrow
 When sliall we chide, if chide we must
 To-morrow, love, to-morrow.
 If those to whom we owe a debt
 Are harmed unless we pay,
 When shall we struggle to be just!
 To-day, my love, to-day.
 But it our debtors sue for grace,
 On pain of ruin thorough,
 When shall we grant the boon they seek l
 To-morrow, love, to-morrow.
 If love, eetranged, should once again
 Her genial smile display
 When shall we kiss the proffered lips!
 To-dav, my fove, to-day.
 But if she should indulge regret,
 Or dwell with bygone sorrow,
 When shall we weep, if weep we must,
 To-morrow, love, to-morrow.
 For virtuous acts and liarmless joys
 Tlie minutes will not stay;
 We’ve aU\ays time to welcome them,
 To-day, my love, to-day.
 But (’are, Resentment, angry words,
 And unavailing Sorrow,
 Come far 100 soon, if they appear
 To-morrow love, to-morrow.
 Front the Practical Christian.
 WHO IS A CHRISTIAN.
 A Christian’ wlm deserve* the name!
 One born, baptized, and counted such,
 Whoee morals e’en tl&gt;e Pagans shame!
 Not be—howe’er the pearl lie clutch.
 A Christian 1 lie who claim* to be
 Most Ortlxxiox in creed and sen;
 Yet worships Mars a* Deity,
 And doth the Prince of Peace reject!
 A Christian! Its whose Ups rrvrre
 i As God the Iwly Naatarene,
 And yet, when crossed, some other Seer
 Prefers, on whom for truth to lean!
 He is a Christian—he alow,
 Who sees in Christ’s great Master Mind
 That Light a id Love made known,
 W hich only can redeem maokiad.
 He trusts no lesser Light and Love—
 No fewer code of moral Right—
 Bui holds this Wisdom from above
 God’* own and his supreme delight
 He meekly sits at Jeons’ fet,
 Di«riple a matchless Lord;
 r »y. 'he Truth, tlie Life complete,
 i’o learn from Him ilm saving word
/‘a 4 V v
 0 elections.
*AY ok OR. BAIIM Lie.
 TVKEI.
 The following extract of a ■nirism de
 livered hr Sam net J. May, is espied from
 the Syracuse Star. 'After speaking is tense
 of respect for Dr. Bead, sad poise of kis
 lectures oft Eetepe, Mr. May asya.
 I am dow impelled by some unhappy
 passages in Dr. Baird** last lectors, to
 add that it is Christianity which has in
 culcated a nobler virtue than Patriot
 ism, which is nothing else than a
 national, it may be, a mere partizan
 selfishness. Indeed, you know, it has
 been urged as an objection tochristiani-j
 ty that it does not enjoin the love of
 country. True, it does not. But itj
 every where purer, holier
 affection, which includes all that is
 worthy in Patriotism, I mean the fort of
 man. This, Christianity commands as
 second only to the love of God, and as
 inseparable from that primal virtue,
 flowing from it as an effect from its
 cause. Not with the authority and
 aporoval of him who made ot one
 blood all mankind, is it that the sur
 face of the common earth is divided
 and subdivided, and the several por
 tions appropriated by this nation or
 that.—Not with the approbation of the
 Heavenly Father, can it be, that lines
 of demarkation have been drawn, over
 which the children of mien may not
 freely pass, and re-pass to gather as
 they can the fruits of honest enterprise
 and industry. The God of peace and
 love never decreed that rivers, or
 mountains, or oceans even should make
 aliens and enemies of fellow-inen. Far
 otherwise. He has taught us by his
 beloved Son, that the true interests of
 Humanity are every where the same.
 And when the gospel has accomplished,
 as it surely will accomplish that w’here
 unto it was sent, all political divisions,
 all state lines will be viituaily oblitera
 ted, and the nations of men flow to
 gether as a common brotherhood.
 I was astonished, I was grieved to
 hear from Dr. Baird, (after so many
 generous, enlarged, humane, Christian
 sentiments as had come from his lips)
 in his last lecture, such a warm eulo
 gium as he pronounced upon British
 patriotism, and that he should have
 selected as an admirable illustration of
 that virtue, the hearty union of both
 the political parties in England to
 prosecute-with renewed vigor the ini
 quitous and cruel ivar upon Afghanistan
 and Beloochistan. To such a whole
 sale wickedness, patriotism may lead,
 but the love of man, which Christ
 inculcated, never. I wondered that
 a minister of the gospel, one especi
 ally, who has travelled so extensively
 j in foreign countries, and every where
 1 found men to be essentia ly the same
 being, could commend as he did, a
 sentiment so narrow, selfish, cruel.
 During our late most unrighteous
 war with Mexico, we saw too' plainly
 how unscrupulous this false virtue
 becomes. In the midst of it, men of
 no mean authority in the State, and
 some even of high standing in the
 church, sought to rouse the people to a
 more earnest co-operation by appeals
 to their patriotism—yes —by the im
 pious cry, “our country right or
 wrong.” Blessed be God, there were
 many thousands in the land, who did not
 bow the knee to Baal And, so far
 from hoping with Dr. Baird, that such
 disunion may cease from our midst,
 my earnest prayer shall ever be, that
 the number may continually increase
 of those who will not on any considera
 tion, ever coqntenance and aid our
 Government in doing wrong. Then
 may we look for the time, w’hen our
 rulers shall be peace, and our exactors
 righteousness,” and never presume to
 attempt any thing for the aggrandize
 ment of the nation, that'would violate
 the rights of any other people. For
 my part, I would as soon advise and
 assist my son, as I would my country,
 to commit iniquity.
 I was equally pained, and not less
 offended, at the gratuitous censure,
 Dr. B. bestowed upon George Thomp
 son, that excellent man, devoted phil
 anthropist, and thrilling speaker, who
 having done so much for the abolition
 of slavery in the British West Indies,
 came to this country to raise his voice
 of strength for the relief of suffering
 humanity here. I know George Thomp
 son well; and am sure that he was
 actuated by as pure, philanthropic,
 Christian feelings and purposes, in
 coming to these United States, as Dr.
 Baird could have been in going to
 Great Britain and Europe. Nor was
 there any more of impertinence or
 ofliciousness in that noble Englishman’s
 coming to these United States to plead
 that millions of his fellow beings might
 be emancipated from civil, social and
 persouai degradation here, than there
 was in this benevolent American’s
 going to the Catholic countries of
 Europe, that he might do something to
 deliver millions there, from a not so
 cruel thraldom to Papal Hierarchy.
 And with just as much reason might
 the Catholics of Belgium or Germany
 have conspired against the life of our
 estimable friend, Dr. 8., as the pro
 slavery party here conspired to destroy
 George Thompson. I cannot find
 words to express my shame, for the
 in affable meatless of so many of my
 countrymen, who, unable to answer his
 arguments or withstand his appeals,
 were eager to drive that highly gifted
 advocate of liberty from our land, by
 insult, calumny and violent assaults
 upon his person. I was mortified that
 Dr. Baird, whose heart seemed in
 other respects to be so much enlarged
 by his sojourn abroad, should have
 •aid- what went so far to justify the out
 rages, that were committed upon a
 man, whos only fault waa that he was
 an abolitionist and a foreigner: and I
 wondered that he did not see, that in
 condemning Thompson for interfer
 ing,” with the oppressive institutions of
 America, he condemned himself for
 attempting aught against the oppres
 sions of Europe.
 Error or Early Intellectual
 Training. —When we are coanderiiig
 the health of children, it is ttnperat* vg
 not to omit the importance of keeping
 their brains fellow, as it were, foraer
 erml of the first years of their existence.
 The mischief perpetrated by a contrary i
 course in the shape of bad health, pee-
 visit temper, and developed vanity, is i
incalculable. It would not be just tu
 attribute this altogether to the vanity
 of the parents; they are influenced by a
 natural fear test their children should
 not have all the advantages of other
 children. Some infant prodigy, which
 ie a standard of mischief thongheut ha
 neighborhood, misleads them. Parents
 may be assured that this aarly work is
 not by any means all gain, even in the
 way of work. 1 suspect it is a kps;
 and children who begin their education
 late, as it would be called, will rapidly
 overtake those who have been is har
 ness long before them. And what ad
 vantage can it be if a child knows more
 at six years old than its compeers, es
 pecially if this is to be gained by a
 sacrifice of health which may never be
 regained! There may be some excuse
 for this early book work in the case of
 those children who are to live by man
 ual labor. It is worth while, perhaps,
 to ruu the risk of some physical injuiy
 to them, having only their early years
 in which we can teach them book
 knowledge.. Tbe chance of mischief,
 too, will be less, being more likely to
 be counteracted by their after life.
 But for a child, who is to be at book
 work for the first twenty-onf years of
 his life, wha| folly is it to exhaust in the
 least the mental energy which, after
 all, is his surest implement. Friends
 in Council.
 RANDOLPH OF ROANOKE.
 John Randolph was six feet high.
 He had elevated shoulders, a snfall
 head, and a physiogonomy, all the
 parts of which were entirely unintel
 lecfual, except the eye. His hair was
 dark, thin and lank, and lay close to
 .his head. His voice was as shrill as a
 fife, but its clear, shrieking tones could
 be distinctly heard by a large audience.
 The muscles and skin about his face
 were shriveled and cadaverous, like
 wrinkled parchment; his whole form
 was so attenuated and meager, that,
 tall as he was, his acquaintance sup
 posed him not to weigh more than 1 JO
 lbs.
 The author of Clinton Bradshaw,”
 who enjoyed a favorable opportunity of
 observing this strange being, has given
 us the following graphic description of
 his person, habiliments, and man
 ners
 His long, thin legs, about as thick
 as a walking cane, a;id of much such a
 shape, were encased in a pair of light
 small-clothes, so tight they seemed part
 and parcel of the wearer. Handsome
 white stockings were fastened with
 great tidiness at the knees by a gold
 buckle, and over them, coming about
 half-way up the calf, were a pair of
 what I believe were called hose, coun
 try-kuit. He wore shoes: they were
 old-fashioned, and fastened also with
 buckles—large ones. He trod like an
 Indian, without turning his toes out,
 but planking them right ahead. It was
 the fashion in those days to wear a fan
 tailed coat, with a small collar, with
 buttons far apart on the back, with but
 few on the breast. Mr. Randolph’s
 was the reverse of this. Instead of be
 ing fan-tailed, it was what I believe the
 knights of the needle cull swallow
 tailed; the collar was immensely large;
 the buttons were in kissing proximity,
 and they sat as close on the breast of
 the garment as the feasters at a crowd
 ed festival. His waist was so remark
 ably slender, that as he stood with his
 arms akimbo, he could easily, as 1
 thought, with his long, bony fingers,
 have spanned it. Around him, his coat,
 which was very tight, was held to
 gether by one button, and in conse
 quence, an inch or more of tape, to
 which the button’ was attached, was
 perceptible w here it was pulled through
 the cloth. About his neck he wore a
 white cravat, in which his chin was
 occasionally buried as" he moved his
 head in conversation; no shirt-collar
 was perceptible; every other person
 seemed to pride himself on the size of
 his, as they were then worn large. Mr.
 Randolph’s complexion was precisely
 that of a mummy—withered, saffron,
 dry and bloodless: you could not have
 placed a pin’s point on his face, where
 you would not have touched a wrinkle.
 His lips were thin, compressed and col
 orless; the chin, beardless as a boy’s
 was broad for the size of his face,
 which was small; his nose was straight,
 wiih nothing remarkable in it, except
 that it was too short. He were a fur
 cap, which he took off, standing a few
 minutes uncovered. Fancy a dead
 man struck into life by lightning, and
 all his life in his eye, and you have a
 picture of John Randolph.”— Magoon’s
 Orators of the Am. Revolution.
 The Eve.— lf there be any feature
 which in genius always shows itself, it
 is the eye, which has been aptly called
 the index of the mind. We have
 seen,” says Mr. Jordan, every other
 part of the human face divine without
 indications of the spirit within—the
 mouth which spoke not of the talent
 possessed, and the brow that indicated
 no powers of the capacious mind—but
 we never knew a superior nature which
 the eye did not proclaim.’* The Greeks
 and all the Orieutal nations regarded
 the brightness of the eye as a super
 natural sign. The emerald eyes of
 their gods shone with mysterious splen
 dor through the gloom of the Aytuin.
 Availing thamseives of this present
 belief impostors have sought to deceive
 men by an assumed lustre of counte
 nance. Dr. Leyden tells us that Ibn
 Makna, the founder of the Maknayah
 sect, hid himself from the public gaze,
 and covered his features with a veil,
 asserting that no eye could endure the
 glory of his countenance. To aupport
 this deception, be prepared some burn
 ing mirrors, placing them in such a
 situation that the raye fell upon tbe
 feces of those who approached him.
 Having taken these precautions, he un
 covered his face, and directing his
 votaries to draw nigh, the foremost were
 strrok By the burning rays, and retired, i
 exclaiming, We cannot look upon
 him, but he gazes upon us.” Many 1
 tender and beautiful things have been 1
 said of eyes; yet bow inferior to the j
 uttered by themselves! i
 A full eye seems to have been esteem- i
 ed the most expressive. Such was the
 eye enriched tbe soul of Perielea.
 The Americsd writer Haliburton do- 1
 dares he would not givd 5 of to-
 bacco for a nose, except to te!l when
 dinner is good, nor ft farthing for the L
 mouth except as kennel for the l
tongue;—but the eye—etudy that, Mji
 he, and vou will read any mb*i heart
 as phun as a book- —(Chambers Edin
 burgh Joar.
 Cmtesiisck or a RiTTt* Swam.
 —Vivier, the celebrated horn-player,
 is one of those men of whom anec
 dotes are told—an eccentre insister
 upon haring hts own way, and his own
 way being whimsically peculiar.* He
 in jost now the rage in England. On
 a preceding trip to England, bo made
 a visit to the Zoological Gardens. The
 director, to whom he took a note of
 introduction, accompanied him about
 the grounds with great mrihty, and,
 remarking that he took particular in
 terest in n family of rattle-snakes,
 offered to present him with one of the
 most lively. The next morning, ac
 cordingly, arrived a box at V ivier’s
 lodgings, contaning the admired des
 cendant of the tempter of Eve, and
 upon the cover was duly pasted the
 necessary directions for feeding, pre
 cautions against irritating, and a notice
 in italics that the least bite of the
 reptile would be instantaneous death.
 This delicate souvenir from the
 amiable director was politely received
 and acknowledged, of course; but
 Vivier promised himself the most ex
 peditious possible pleasure of dropping
 his new token of friendship into the
 Thames, or of presenting him to an)*
 lover of such playthings whom he should
 first enejunter. It was not convenient
 for a day or tw’o, however, and, mean
 time he began to change his mind as to
 the desirableness of his new toy. One
 gets accustomed to co-occupants oi
 four walls, even if they be rattle
 snakes. Observing the terror with
 which he affected visitors, the horn
 player saw his value as a re pell ant,
 and as the grateful snake was of course
 innocuous to his feeder, he found he
 could safely give him the freedom ol
 the room when he wished to disembar
 rass himself of a bore.
 Those who travel often, as Vivier
 professionally does, between England
 and France, know the annoyance of
 having baggage impertinently over
 hauled and examined by custom-house
 officers. Vivier’s first question, as the
 officer approaches, is
 Do rattle-snakes pay a duty when
 imported?”
 No—but why?”
 Because I have [one among my
 baggage.”
 You joke
 “Very well! Remember I have
 cautioned you, and I tell )ou, more
 over, that the least touch t&gt;f his sting is
 instant death. Here are my keys
 The officer suddenly absconds, -ol
 course, and Vivier gives his baggage,
 unfumbled, to the porter. Home Jour.
 Moravian Village. —Taking the
 cars I returned by the same rout as fat
 as Guadua, a Moravian village. It it
 in size the second settlement possessed
 by this interesting religious community,
 Herrnhut being the first. There wat
 nothing particular about its situation ir
 the midst of a plain; but the extreme
 quiet, neatness, and air of comfort abont
 the place, rendered it the most attract
 ive village I saw in Germany. At the
 recommendation of a mutual friend in
 Halle, I called on the minister, and wai
 hospitably entertained and shown
 through their educational apartments.
 The chapel, personage, and seminary,
 were in a connected series of buildings,
 In the first, the seats were arranged sc
 that the males and females sat on the
 opposite sides; and there was an organ.
 Indeed, except in their fondness foi
 music there was a marked resemblance
 in the sedate air, and exceedingly neat,
 plain appearance, to the members ol
 the Society of Friends. The ladies
 here have, by custom, a very con
 venient way of, what some would call,
 hanging out their colors, The dressei
 of the smaller girls are ornamented
 with little unostentations ribbons ol
 deep red; the unmarried females,
 pink; the married, blue; and the widows
 gray or white. I noticed that in the
 female school almost every apartment
 was furnished with a piano. The girls
 were much occupied with their needle
 work, the proceeds of which as I under
 stood, went to support the extensive
 mission of this extraordinary people.
 The settlement of Guadau is next to
 that of Herrnhut in size, and it owns
 and tills only what would make but a
 moderate gentleman’s estate; and yet
 these two villages send missionaries to
 almost every clime and they now foster
 upward of forty establishments in differ
 ent parts of the world.— Carton’s Loi
 terings in Europe.
 Slave Packing.—Thirst. —A cor
 respondent has forwarded us a report of
 the proceedings at an important anti
 slavery meeting in Exeter, (Eng.) From
 an able address adopted on the occasion
 we give the following passage The
 Africans are accustomed from the ear
 liest period of life to drink water in very
 Law quantities they require it. Their
 sufferings (40m want ofit are much more
 dreadful than ours would be under like
 circumstances. It is said that a boy of
 ten or twelve years of age would drink
 more than a gallon a day. On board
 the slave ships a tin-cupful, given once
 in three days, is said sometimes to have
 been given. It has Seen found that this
 supports life but the agony thus occa
 sioned is indescribable. It is ten times
 more horrible than that which is caused
 by want of food. In the case of axteath
 the body lies amongst the living until
 an alarm is given, and sometimes until
 it becomes putrid. When landed, the
 unhappy slaves are in a state of most
 awful emaciation and suffering. The
 knee bones appear almost like the head
 rf a person the muscular part of the
 is gone, it is a mere bone covered with
 a bit of skin the abdomen is highly
 protuberant. There is a complete wast
 ing of the animal system, a mere mass
 &gt;f bones remain. A man takes them up
 his arms, and carries them out of the
 ressel. They frequently require three
 nonth’s feeding and care before they
 trefit for the market.’ The most favor
 te cargoes at the present time are beys
 rotn eight to twelve years of age. They
 wore conveniently.*
 &amp;tamik«.—Jeremiah C. Pam arm stabbed
 a the aide at Cariboo, Ud, m tbe d»y of
 be election, by Edward Efeoriogtoo, dame
 kjgbl which grew oat of a dkpale at fee
 mm. Eihenngtoa arm rnmmitlsdeaTham
 ay,fedebah of (nil The woaad of M 7,
 *rieepool considered dangerous
-Ibccrtiscments.
tapwteal hnw*.
 TDK'S PkM Wkri Ckkintor ami Wire On*»
 fohnsinf certificates Am the
 HfiM ml practical forum whore mm*
 attached. ahmimtf *w:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This nr rertifV Ihu wn, the tUbiri ihrri, haw*
 aad Dm Pmm Wheel ChhivalßC, invented
 by Katbii Idi, of Shelby. Orlm Co., New
 York, owl believe h to he, as a hboemvtaf ma
 ehioe, one of the greatest iofWMtM of the eg*.
 By it, a farmer ran pot in from tea to fifteen sores
 Mire of wheat in a year, with the nee anooat of
 teas labor; be can also sow it in taueh better order.
 By it also Caamb thistles and other mnrte weeds
 my be totalhr extirpated. Said machine Is so cou
 strweted that it can be regulated Jfi go any depth, by
 means of arrows on the upper pm of the taarhine,
 and thn* either plow up the groaad tboeooghly, or
 "djr jwt brash die sanace. I'poo the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 r pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as sack we cheerfidly recommend it
 to our brother fanners.
 James VI. lfedley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Harten Hediey,
 Gardner Bevrv, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., Aprif 23,1848.
 We, the oadersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare w ith two horses, eight acres of land pe.r day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will vie Id hush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into- a long and elaborate des
 cription of tiie implement, with its various inodes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No fanner who fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured bv
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 o rail and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements hy which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,"
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Ac. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE A PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPR AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News ami Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.*6 Exchange st.
 Fisher a Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION of
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rnt
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace tl»e views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; die
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having lieen
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, heing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary' character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made in all cases in adranc e.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 srription for three—the fourth copy heing gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the bands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this ami other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to thepubflshers,
 LEONARD SCOTT A CO.
 70 Fukon street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1936—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, §386,606 —Benjonii* W. Richards, Preei
 4a*. Continue* to Make insurance on lire*, gram
 annuities and endowments, and accept trust# from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, aad cotart* of justice,
 aad exert** then agreeably to the desk* of the par
 ties, and receive deposit* of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a banns at stated periods to
 thr inaiarr fi r &gt;:i &lt;J the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to Jnonary Ist,
 1842, am naming to 10 per cent, on the son insured
 in policies issued in 1837 7| per cm*, on policies
 issued in 1838, aad in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of aa insurance for life is to pro
 vide a mm of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, fur tW benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will he
 famished by the wdurrihre to all who may fed aa
 interest in the subject, that by paying a small sum In
 tbe oftre every year during his life, a person may se
 cure to hm feaufy a vtry considerable namm at his
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 aaderatood, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 wdvaatage* to ail, but more especially to those who
 depend an their osni exert ion* lor the support of their
 families, or who may he desirous to aecure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might be oth
 erwise mmblt to accomplish, dmt the operation of the
 system weds but to he wjhiatl In ranutv the sed
 ans consideration of the public.
 la several hut ear— it has happened that dm party
 insured has died shortly after having paid only sue
 nr two instahnral* of the premium, upnuthis busily
 have secerved from this ufttce the M aaaonut far
 which he had insured.
 Fall whnmtjM ua this important auSjtet may be
 a»£Mr. I'zsaa
 agent af the Girard Life Insurance CV uneasy.
 WILLIAM BA It EW ELL.
 BakeweftV Law Buildings,
 Oram street, Pitt dm gh.
W» H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 646 Broad-
 Aftany, Feb. 11.1648.
PROSPECTUS
 Aatrfcat rfcrmitgtcal lunii.
 O. si roWLM, UITOR.
 rpO reform and perfect maatNus aad tmr rare. m
 A dm mast embed ef all waste. Yet. to do tbi* we
 mast mule*n«n«d the Bmm Cmmmkrn. Tb*
 Phrenology, Physiology and sm
 hrnee, andeemv ipunad aft dm hv» mr hem*,
 i nail it hail ri 1 l u.
 pher*a atone of l aiverenl Tenth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number will contain either the arndysr* and
 knrin of some phrenological Acuity, ilhmtnted by
 an Engraving, or an artiral on thru- cranhinunod*:
 tiagniihid personage, accompanied hjr a hkeaesa.
 rHYBIOLOOY
 Health I. Life, The great inetrameat of talent vlr
 tne aad hnpgaui w, aft «f which it angmreta. Tu^ka
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With prnrtiai instruction, interesting fort., and
 choice truth* which it unfolds, will he presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they eojev, the iiifluenre they ran
 wield, and their preparation Sat conducting mir insti
 tutions, will fium the theme of a series of attirlr*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does ant long aunsectly, and would not strive
 assiduously, io cultivate his natural powers, and
 render hinuwh better and more happy! To nirli,
 1 each namber w ill tie i prumpter mid ifM-Wk.
 TERMS—invariably ia advance—ONE DOLL-.
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of Ibis Journal will I*
 seat GRATIS, w lira desired.
 To receive attention, letters and or.lcr* must Iw
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER A WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
TTTILLLfcM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 v Boots aad Ames, 80, Purchase Street, Niew
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on band a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 Kid to custom-made work, bv Messrs. Parker and
 ivis
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned I)r.
 Means, of Einorv College, Ga., and the) scientific
 experiments of Mr. Henuuer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony w itii
 natural and physiological laws—to uir, tLd the
 human body, in a liealthy condition, is in a }&lt;isUtte
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanations'
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot!
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease tlieir vo« iterations
 against the rosiTiVF. electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of tlieir complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cc re. Thus sustained bv the lightl
 of science, the undersigned may lie permitted here
 to repeat bis experience, tltat, in all cases where the
 wrist, stomach, or are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond tlie power of waterj
 to afford relief. On the oilier hand, when tin parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting tlie symptoms and character
 of disease, ami practising tlie cure, tlie recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hetnmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating tlie credit so generously
 awarded for his success is a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, tlie undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in tlie case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi*
 original and philosophical method of pi notice.
 Tlie Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ-
 I ated near Bensonville, on the west bunk of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, almit two ami a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It Is conveniently
 arranged, w ith separate parlors, bathing ami dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of haths, supplied w ith water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country'. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sqne and romantic Tliere are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufticiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they sliould,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Aiming tlie complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are hemlachr, tendency of blood to tlie head,
 i cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonaiy affection, liver complaint, jaun
 i dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 riieum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors,
 i All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 i two linen and three cotton slieets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment ami hoard are $5 50 to
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from ciioice or tlie character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on tlie third floor,
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first ami second
 floors, 88 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) w ill furnish their own nurses ami fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 i
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 ,j River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them holier.
 The human Mood, m a normal ami healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained hy the activity of tlie
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Heminer of!
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fhud upon the surfoce, we believe to be iudis
 pensable to the healthful condition of Ihe whole
 animal ecoiMmy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Greaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 a l °f annual session, Sow.
 Lif A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of*
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emery College, Ga., page 25
 ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Bpbseriber begs leave to call tie attention
 af Invalids, especially thnae suffering from
 chronse disease, to lus hydropathic establishment iu
 Athol, Maas.
 His boose was opened for the reception of patients 1
 last season, aad it is believed offers excellent forili- 1
 ties for a philosophic and thorough coarse in hydro
 f*thy. The supply of water is abundant, and ia
 parity has been pronounced equal to water on a 1
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 dtovt distance from the V. AM. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 chanaiag grounds for walks aad rambles. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, aad
 exercise, patients can scarcely foil to obtain the
 brahbfol retail, for which they labor.
 The following ease illustrates this itutarlt Mrs.
 B wife of Dea. B„ of Warwick, Maas., aged
 •boat thirty-five years, was hsonght to me last J
 AuOM. He/ease presented the following pheno- J
 mm. If placed ia aa erect positron, aad left an- j 1
 siqqmrtad, she forthwith fell backward to the
 rn &lt;tod. If being sell supported, she made aa 1
 in walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 d**pt«e her efforts to tie contrary, would cross the
 Mhar. Hha had been in this condition nearly a
 jmt. Her treatment mmmmmi the Iflth ofHopt.,
 •■4 was rnatiaatd to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 hr measured as to bn able to wait half a j
 •d* with ease. Bmc* her return to hrr family, oka 1
 has eoMiaasd her baths, with correspondbtg un
 pet Vi mi at to her health. She now attend* to her
 itsomslk dmias, aad with tftu amistaans of a samß
 girl, does the work of her fomii).
 Patients are desired to hri*g three comfortables, i
 m* purr nf wooden blankets, aae pair of shorts,
 half^ dozen towels marked, with old Itaen for
 Tenno. frwsa five tgJi|dadarß per week, aeeord.
 riffo the cboiea of the patients.
 These who are Ism particular m the selection &lt;4
 reams, or arw wifoan re nangw them in 1
 with others, arid bednrgrd lam. J
 Athoi, March, IMS. GEORGE HOYT.
tSittLlSr
 luuHonl,
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 by LYnattnct svoowra.
 The Aiwnj Patriot rails it A neat pamphlet o
 I*B pages—a very resnarknMo production.”—
 “Whether all the antieipntions of Mr. Npnnner
 would he realized by the Aid adoption of bis theory,
 we do not here slop to enquire; bnt we heartily com
 mend his endeavor to the notice of all who fore a
 transparent forribfodtnioa—intrepid independence
 original thought—and entire freedom from the raat
 of sect or party. As s judicial writer, he hs&lt;« depth,
 a rompaw*. Ur hrjowd any sue wboee prodartiont
 have met ws eve in a long lime.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’* Magazine says—«• abound*
 m bold and original thought*. TWe illegal of
 poverty are stated, ami a number of important po-&gt;o
 sifmns benriugr/in the sulijert bid down; aad, on (ho
 whole, we consider it a work weft worth studying
 affording as it itae* many vahciblc hints to the state*,
 roan and political economist.”
 The Ifongor Gazette says—“ An aide and certaia
 hr original work, fn.ra the pen of l.\zander Spooner
 Esq.—amhor of that powerful U-Jy nliirh .lemon!
 struts* the iinrt&gt;n*liln(M&gt;nalirv of American Sbrery
 There is no writer of the age. of logical artauen more
 searching than Bpn&lt;»oer.,’ 17ns new work is de«-
 tiuerl to lead to a re examination of .ill former sys
 tems of |iolitM-:il economy.” At first Mn-h hi* ecs
 noniical |Mop«.*ilion- strike ws as rastainalde—an&lt;lif
 they are *o, hi* w.irk wif! prevail, ami pnsiure an
 impoitant revolution in the present prevailing sys
 tem.
 Every one should read it.”
 BELA MARHH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
Hart’s I&gt;gftable Extract
 l.« the only remedy that can he relied on for the
 permanent cure of Bpa*modic Contract ions. Irrita
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headael»&gt;
 Nervous Neuralgic Affections. Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous ami Physical Ener
 gy. ami all Nervous Disorders, including the mo«i
 dreadful of nil disease* that affect the human race—
 EpUrfji, or f'ttUmg Sick****. —Hysterical Firs,
 Convulsions, Spasms, Ac It is well kmmiiJlMwt
 from time immemorial, Physicians have pnmoflßred
 Epileptic Fit* incurable. It has baffled all their
 skill, ami tlie I mas ted power of all medicine, ami
 fonseqnently thousands have surtered through a mis
 erable existence, and at last yielded np their live* on
 the Altar oj Insanity. —Tile proprieti*rof the Veget
 able Extrorf, however, feels no delicarv in saying
 thiit it can lie cured. He would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physician*, ami all other* who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony whieh is here offered.
 If it is deception, let it be exposed fait if it u
 true, then in tlie name of humanity, no kmger let it
 lie said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart** VfgrWbU Extract. —For sixteen years,
 has tieen tested by many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful divsaee, ami in every case where
 it lias hod a fair ti ial, lias effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted w ith Fits for more
 tlian nine years, and has been cured by tlie use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 .Mr*. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New Yoik,
 stales thiit she Iran I&gt;een subject to Fits for many
 years, and haa I men restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had tailed) by tlie use of tlie
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell ro.,
 Alalrama, wlm is one of the heat Physician* in tin:
 JStatP, says that he has been murh henefitted l&gt;y tlie
 use of tlie Vegetable Extract, ami that he unhesitat
 ingly presrrilies it in every case of Epilepsy which
 conies under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many years past lip
 ha*! lireu sorely afflicted with Fits, ami he is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 Imiirg entirely freed from drat w orst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 lleniy street, New York,
 having used tlie Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recount.ends it to all person* wlio
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chus, H. Houghton, a member of his family lias
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish hi*
 business. Having teed Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perfect lieakii, and left this city for tlie Slate ol
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spofswond, New Jersey, who has I teen afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more tlian forty years, state-*
 that he has used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that lie hope*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fit*.
 Epilrfdic Fit*. —For twenty-seven years ami
 months, cured by tlie use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remaikable case of tlie sou of
 Win. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fiu* twenty-seven years ami six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many ami France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, ami expending for medicine, medical
 treatment ami advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving tuny benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's VcgrtalA* Extract.— l have s,ent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eii
 rope with him which 1 did. I first visited England,
 I consulted tlie most eminent physicians dare in
 re*neet to his rase; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. 1 remained tlrre three muni Its
 without |ierceiving tiny change for the lietter, which
 cost me about two hundred amt fifty dollar*, psf
 eted try the physicians, ami tlie most drat I received
 was tlieir opinion tliat my son’s case was lionele-s
 ami POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, ami returned imnie in dm month of
 Noveinlier last, w ilh my son as lar from t**ing cured
 as when 11 left, I saw your advertisement in one of
 the New 1 ork papers, ami concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statement* and
 certificates of so many run s, some of twenty uud
 thirty vears standing, ami 1 ran assure yon I am not
 sorry did so, as by tlie use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone lie was restored to PEKFELT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with tlie
 prospect now hefirre him of life, lieakii and u-eful-
 He is now 28 years of age, ami 27 years
 months of this time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, bin deink God is now
 enjoy ing good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don't believe
 in. To say I shall he ever grateful to you is one
 tiling, ami as I here enclose you one hundred dollars,
 I liave no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The del* ofgratitmle I still
 owe you; but please accept tins amount a* interest
 on die debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECOKE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reforence to the almost miraculous efticacy ol
 this truly womterful medicine, read die following
 letter front Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Ciuilli.rd, Ohs.,
 one of lire mo*t eminent physician* iu that place
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1H46.
 Brotlier lalrarer in tlie cause of humanity—Dear
 sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure tliat I
 am enaUed to announce to you tlie complete iriuiiif-k
 of your invaktaMe medicine in cases of Epilepsy. I
 have preaeeihed it in four in*lnure# iu this rw-iiuty,
 and it has.bten highly snrcr-Awfiil iu all. Three u
 the patients, I tnot, liave Is-en radically cured.
 The fourth one is rapiylly improving, am) will, I
 think w ithout doubt recover. I am wh m the Itabit
 of prescribing or recommemling patent ns .In ine-,
 Ijwl when I see an article which (somian so muck
 for the relief of suffer mg humanity, 1 feel no duty
 to recommend it, ami 1 have, no liesiialun in saw
 iag that *ooo as ihe faculty are fully acquainted
 with the real merit of tour melfoie, tlarv *&gt;ll
 dose their eye* against prejudice and lend v sJ
 helping hand.
 I subscribe my self yours, sincerely,
 {Signed] W. L. MONROE, M. I&gt;.
 To Ihr. M. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS wF FAR DISTANT
 lien lluawands who are now tmnblmtf Under
 the hand of thiu •irendfol disease, ami ttni
 every attack may prove foud, will foul prrnrjnral
 relief and \m restored to new life, bv wm tfea«
 OVER ONE THOUSAND UERTIFH ITW
 Have law u received in testimony of tie IW«* id
 produced by the me of Dr. Hart** Vege«-
 W? telnet*
 Prepared by B. lIART, M. D., New lurk.
 J P**age |3 «U
 foug packages iu tw
 Do eight perkanrs 3, uu
 W*. pocked up in lioxr* for trass-
 P* r ****°*J h any port of the t uinJ
 Texas, Ifcaion, ami We.t liulw
 THOMAS k MILS, l£» M*i« street,
 nnau, Ohio, General Agents for th* I
 States, la whom nit ******ii*'*viiH»f“* "i** 1 he
 dressed Pont Paid.
 A. B k D. Hands Comer of Fafom and W.tham
 New York.
 H. D. Wade, Main k Ht. Pwk RochrUrt.
 E. HeHidgs, HI Main street Buffalo.
 M. k tiny ford, Agent* for Ulrvefeml CMoo.
 Pay k KitKmms, Cowmbn*.
 I GIG.H Hil, Detroit, Michigan,
 Wm. Cnoniaghom, MiUwaukw Ww
 J. H Reed, and to., Chicago lU.
 Doei. T Mmoa, DuHsqwe lowa.
 H. BlarksW. and Go.. St. Lmus No.
 And for Hals by most of the priorniei Drug*'' l
 tinwoghoni the 1 'sited Htnfes
 THOMAM It MILLS, l« Morn sweet.
 Hep.ZL—ly Ciecieeet^Ofoe,
"
