"iJottr jj.
Ptr the North Nw-
 NEW ENGLAND’S REPLY.
 Ufl, New Kogltnd’a oao**JW|&gt;K
 To Eorope’a gfcrtous «*H!
 We w»R oot s*n»H Mfc by.
 And ore &lt;m nwuitry feW;
 But we »fl hr up mad
 All the MM which God both firm,
 Rrsimg wot, till frowi oar land
 fMavery’* con* it driven.
 From the brood Atlantic’* water?
 To Pacific’* distant shore,
 Afi irV table worn and daughter*
 Shall be chained and scourged no more.
 We 100 long twee been unmindful
 Of the bondman's voice;
 Never more will we be siletM,
 Till in freedom they rejoice.
 Then ahall freedom’* banner
 O'er oar notion proodly wave;
 America will he redeemed
 From the corner of the a lave.
 From the Weatem Recorder.
 THE SLAVE.
 Midnieht oit Carolina; gloriously
 The stars went tip in heaven, and gentle tone*
 From ntrram and pine-wood htenoed in a hymn
 Of softest music, atole upon the wind
 Sweetly and thrilliogtr. The soul of night,
 That glorioae apirit that hath mode it* home
 la solitude and starlight, o’er tlie world
 Held kta unyielding mastery and the heart
 Of the low watcher on the mountain’s brow
 Beat aoftly, aa il e’en a pulse’* leap
 Might break the midnight’* Sabliath Itotur of dream*
 Tltat watcher wa* a slave, a negro hoy,
 Bending a godlike spirit to bia chain
 H ceaseless txmdage; an unuitored boy
 1 n all the glorious lore of by-gone day*;
 But reading w ith a curious eye
 Nature’s unlettered volume, a strange hoy
 With untaught fancies of the clear blue skv,
 Holy and beautiful; and he had come
 Out to tlie quiet hills and laid him down
 11, die dark pines, to hold at midnight’s watch
 t’ommnnion with tlie spirit of the hour.
 1/m sighed the whispering wind; tlie murmuring
 stream
 Flowed on more silently; and as lie lay
 Watching tlie starry I rainier, that lone night
 Flung to tlie wind* of lieaven, hi* fancy woke
 Up from its daylight slumber, and with thought*
 Of hi* deep bondage, that amid hi* kind
 .Made him a by-word, stirring at hi* lieart,
 lie breathed his free thought* to the silent air.
 A slave! Ay, now I feel
 My weight of Inmdage; I might cease to pine
 I nder my fetter did tlie bright suu shine
 Forever, and reveal
 How much more free from grief, and care, and pain,
 lx lie wini wear* than he who hind* the cliain.
 But now night’* glorious sky,
 Filled w ith uuniiinliered spirit forms, tint flee
 From star to star, all limitless and free,
 Bend* o’er me, ami 1 sigh
 With a strange yearning, for a wing to soar
 I’toudly as they, and lie a slave no more!
 Oil! why are dirk chains Imimd
 In such a world as this, where every sigh
 Of wind and water hath of liberty
 A strange undying sound!
 And tlie dim woods, from bird ami pine Imugli
 swelling,
 A soft triumphal lone of freedom telling!
 And tlie Wight stars of night—
 Tliey luivc no tale ot chains, no stain of tears
 Dimming tlie glory of their endless years.
 In Heaven’s unceasing light:
 And where, oh, wliere, can man have learned to b*
 A Isrothn’* tyrant in captivity’!
 But a lew days, I know,
 And tlie strong spirit to tlie dust shall fling
 This chain of bondage from its drooping wing.
 And like a freed bird go
 l’p into lieaven, all pure ami bright and free;
 A spirit witli a spirit’s liberty!
 Ami thougli I will not weep,
 Vet my weak lieart yearns strangely, with my kind
 To go forth freed from these dark chains that biud
 Me ever, and to keep
 Watch through tlie midnight, with no hitter tear*
 To shed o’er vision* of my coming years!

 till! if there is one lesson to be learned
 From God's creation; if tliere is a thought
 I’.uniingly uttered in tlie gentle tone
 Of Heaven’s eternal language; if a voice
 From tlie deep chambers of tlie unclouded sky,
 That finds an echo in the unsearched depth*
 Of tlie heart’s better feelings, it is this—
 That God would have no slaves. The gentle air,
 And the freed water, ami tlie joyous lav
 (Jf spring’s uncounted warblers, and tlie stars
 Shining in glory, have no voice to teach
 Of slavery and chain*. And could we win
 An angel’s eye, to read tlie uublotted page
 Of nature’s volume, and an angel’s mind,
 To fathom the deep mysteries that lie
 Hid in its burning words; and did we lee)
 How like our childhood’s visiors, earthly pomp
 Fades in tlie sunlight af eternal truth;
 I lien would tlie untold wealth of geins and gold,
 Thai a slave* hand might galiicr laviahK
 Into our shining coders, seem at liest,
 1-ike tlie bright pinion of tlie pestilence,
 The gilded drapery of a loahtsoiue grave,
 Tlie hectic lieauiy on tlie elieek of ileath.
 SriiLir.
 Fiom tlie National Intelligencer.
 PERSEVERANCE.
 A swallow in the spring,
 ('.une to our granary, and ’ueatb the eaves
 E*«ayed to make a nest, and there did bring
 Wet earth, ami straw, md leaves.
 Day after day site toiled,
 oil patient Wait; Imi ere her work was crowned
 Some sad mishap lha tiny f.iWir *|ioiled,
 And dashed it to the ground.
 SW found the wrought,
 But, not cast down, foith from the place site flew,
 And, w ith Wr mate, fresh earth and grasses brutish
 Ami Wilt Wr nest anew,
 But scarcely lir,d slie placed
 I tie la«t soft IraiWr oil its ample floor,
 lien w irked hand, or chance again laid waste.
 And wrought the ruin o’er.
 But still lier In-art she kept,
 Ami toiled again and last night, liearing calls,
 I looked, and, lo! there little swallow* sU-pi
 Within tin* earth-made wall*.
 What truth is hrrr, O man'
 ll.ith Inn*- lecii tinitleu tu iu early dawn!
 Have cloud* o’erraat thy |ur|*&gt;«r, trust or plan»
 Have raiiH and struggle on!
 GOLD'
 BY THOMAS Hoot*.
 GoU! fr&gt;lo! gohl'
 Bright and yellow ,Mid and cold.
 Molten, graven, hajnmerrdVud rolled,
 Heavy to get and lioht to bold,
 Hoarded, Inrtrred, nought ttd aold,
 stolen, borrowed, squandered, doled,
 Sj«iro&lt;-d In tlie young, hugged by the old
 To the very' verge oC die church-yard mould;
 Pride of many a crime untold;
 Gold! gold! gold! gold!
 Good or had, a thousandfold.
 How widely it, not vary
 To nave, lo rum, to cni -c, to |,h*■
 .Vow siauqied with tie- image of good quern first,
 Ami bom of Bkealy Maty
!S tint ions.
DIPriCtTLT RTRKIiE,
 The slaveholder* encounter trouble
 from every quarter. Their annoyance*
 •re thicker afld more teasing than the
 pigmy men round Gulliver in Littiput.
 The abolitionists will print and talk
 and agitate, and the Northern people
 mil let them and encourage them, not
 withstanding the Southern edicts com
 manding silence. Men will look at
 slavery and the decaying slave country,
 and compare its corruptions and crimes
 and growing desolation with the vigor
 and health and procress of Freedom
 Ind free labor. The churches and
 clergy are breaking away from South
 ern control, and withdrawing the Chris
 tian mantle which has hitherto hid the
 nakedness and moral dshrmity of slave
 holding religionists. Northern legisla
 tures are withholding their aid from
 kidnappers, and Northern parties can
 no longer be relied on, Northern presses
 are yielding to the popular opinion,
 and even some of the most servile sup
 porters of the South show signs of
 treachery; and even Congress, here
 tofore a machine in Southern hands,
 shows insubordination; and to crown
 their sufferings, their niggers” will
 run away, in spite of patrols, blood
 hounds, and raen-hunters, and find
 protection in the Noith or a home in
 Canada, and leave them—the white
 fingered gentry, the natural aristocra
 cy, to draw their own water, cut their
 own wood, and black their own boots,
 (provided they can get any to black.)
 Pitty the sorrows” of the poor slave
 holders, whose troubles thicken with
 each passing day
 We see that a proposition has been
 introduced into the Virginia legislature
 by a Mr. Faulkner, for some plan of
 action to prevent the escape of their
 human property.
 He says the slave population in some
 sections of the State is rapidly thinning
 out, especially since the recent legis
 lation of Pennsylvania, proclaiming
 protection to all who cross her borders.
 He estimates the early loss to the
 State, through the connivance of the
 laws of- the neighboring States, at
 $90,00.
 His scheme is quite as foolish and
 vain as the edict of the old Danish
 King to the ocean. The tide of Free
 dom is swelling in human hearts, and
 it will not stay for Virginia fetters or
 commands. He may calculate on a
 still increasing emigration northward
 every year till this State ceases to de
 cree half her children to be brutes and
 chattels. IT he would prevent the State
 being depopulated of her laborers, let
 him move to treat them as Men. Free
 dom is the only embargo they can lay
 on Northern/emigration, and that will
 be an efficient one.— Penn. Freeman.
PUSH ON.
 The following extract from the
 writings of John Neal, may have met
 the eyes of maijy of our readers be
 fore hut it is worth repeating, and the
 truths it conveys arc worth remem
 bering:
 “There are people who, having be
 gun life by setting their boat against
 the wind and tide are always complain
 ing of their bad luck and always just
 ready to give it up, and for that very
 reason always helpless and good for
 nothing; yet, if they would persevere,
 hard as it may be to work up stream
 all life long, they would have their re
 ward at last. Good voyages are made
 both ways.
 A certain amount of opposition is a
 great help to a man. Kites rise against
 the wind; not with it. Even a head
 wind is better than nothing. No man
 ever worked his in a
 dead calm. The best wind for any
 thing, is a side wind, if it blows aft,
 how is he to get back.
 Let no man wax pale, therefore, be
 cause of opposition. Opposition is
 what he wants, and must have, to be
 good for anything. Hardship is the
 native soil of manhood and self-defence.
 He that cannot abide the storm with
 out flinching or quailing, strips him
 self in the sunshine, and lies down by
 the wayside, to be overlooked and for
 gotten.
 He who braces himself up to the
 struggle when the wind blows, gives
 up when they are done, and falls
 asleep in the stillness that follows.
 Did you ever know any body to stick
 to any kind of business, no matter how 1
 unpromising, ten years at most who
 did not prosper? No matter how had
 it might be at the beginning if he stuck i
 to it earnestly and faithfully, and noth-'
 iug else, no matter how hard he may
 have found it sometimes to have kept
 his head aboye water, still if he
 persevered he came bright in the long
 run—didn’t he?”
MR. EMERSON ON ENGLAND.
 Ralph Waldo Emerson lectured
 before the Boston Mercantile Library
 Association, December 27, on England,
 giving the results of his observations
 during his recent visit. He apj&gt;ears to
 have derived strongly favorable impres
 sions of the English character. He
 spoke of the steady balance of the
 qualities of their nature as their great
 characteristic and the secret of their
 success. Everything in England be
 tokens life. The land and climate are
 favorable to the production and preser
 vation of good men. Mr. E. facetious
 ly remarked that it was against his
 theory to trave)_he did not like it, and
 in most cases he believed it disadvan
 tageous to the literary man. Running
 up hills and over valleys he believed
 the office of a wheel not of a mati. But
 he had profitted by his trip to England.
 He referred to the elements of that
 power which the English now hold,
 and have held for centuries. After
 looking at her manufactories, scattered
 over all the land, her commerce, her
 agriculture, her arts, and witnessing
 the stupendous results which have been
 wrought out, one is convinced that if
 he would see the best development of
 common sense, (the standard sense) he
 must goto England to witness it. The
 land, in every part so like a garden,
 shows a triumph of labor; the fields
 look as if finished with the pencil, not
 the plow. Every arable spot has been
 cultivated, and everything turned to the
 best possible use.
 England, indeed, is a hugs mill, a
f,Z d vhm mr yt*** p"&gt;
 viM to one’* mind. On the railroads
 w r fart, tad with o m hall
 the faking that we do upon oer roads.
 All England u a machine—everybody
 mores on a railway —no English mat
 erer touches the ground. Eartand hoa
 the beat working in the world;
 it is never hot or cold; their Wintei
 days are tike oar November days i*
 the early part «f the month. Theoplj
 drawback which Emerson mentionet
 was the dark gray color of the sky
 which renders day and night too nearly
 alike, and makes it painfal at times tt
 read and write. To this mart be addet
 (be dark, dense smoke of many of tfw
 manufacturing towns, this smoke per
 vading and at times completely envelop
 ing every surrounding object.
 England has all the materials of a
 working country—iron, coal, Btc., ex
 cepting wood.
 The Englishman enjoys great heaUt
 and vigor of body. They are large
 than Americans. One hundred En
 glishmen, taken at random, would pro
 babjy weigh one quarter more than tin
 same number of Americans, taken in
 the same manner; and yet the akeletoi
 is said not to weigh more. The English
 man is plump*, round and full, and pre
 sents a stout, respectable, and grand
 fartherly figure. The women, even
 have thick-set forms, and seldom a tall
 spare Englishman is seen. The figure!
 of the days of chivalry carved in stone
 some of them 900 years old, whicl
 adorn the churches all over England
 present the same types which character
 ize the present race. Enjoying vigor
 ous health, they last well, and theii
 animal powers ate perfectly developed
 They are great eateis and claim that t
 good supply of food is absolutely essen
 tial to health. They have more con
 slitutional energy and vigor than wi
 have. Pluck is the national characters
 tic—the cabman, the porter, the noble
 man, the bishop, and even the women
 have it; the press runs over with it.
 An Englishman speaks with his whoh
 body—his elocution is stomachy—af
 American's is labial. He may growl
 at the petty annoyances of a] hotel
 but he lias abundance of self-command
 But the axes of his eyes” are unitet
 to his back-bone, and only move witl
 his trunk. Wlioever else may fail, the
 Englishman will not. He has existec
 for a thousand years, and will continue
 to exist, as his character possesses as
 much energy as ever.
 London and England now are in ful
 growth. Birkenhead, opposite Liver
 pool, grows as fast as South Boston, 01
 Brooklyn, opposite New York. Lon
 don is enlarging at an alarming rate
 even to the swallowing up of Middle
 sex. The British Moseum is not yei
 arranged; London University is grow
 ing as rapidly as one of our westerr
 colleges. Everything in England be
 tokens life.
 Besure the Englishman does not buih
 castles and abbeys, but what the Nine
 teenth century demands he builds
 docks, wharves, warehouses, &amp;c,, with
 out number. In all that the English
 man does, even to the noise of clearing
 his throat, he .gives evidence of grea
 strength. It is not the land for fain
 hearts.
 One thing is very noticeable amonj
 the people, and that is their total ne
 gleet of each other.. Every mai
 shaves, dresses, eats, walks, and run
 just as he pleases, and his neighbo
 i pays no attention to him, so long as h
 Ns not interfered with; and this is no
 because Englishmen are trained to neg
 lect, but because every man is trainei
 to mind his own business. Persona
 eccentricities are allowed here, am
 no one observes them. Each Islande
 is an Island himself, reposing in quie
 and tranquil waters.
 It is very certain that the Englishmai
 has so much confidence in the poncr o
 his nation that be cares very little abou
 any other. Swedenborg, who visitei
 England frequently during the last cen
 tury, and an Italian author, who wrot&lt;
 in 1500, were both quoted in this con
 ncction. The Englishman is handsome
 and has always been so. If a handsome
 foreigner comes among them the peo
 pie declare it is a pity he is x not ar
 Englishman. This arrogance hi:
 birthright. His praise is to tell you i!
 is “so English” in character; aud the
 highest praise is to say to an acquaint
 ance? I should not know you fron
 an Englishman.
 Now this is admirable in some res
 pects.
 The English surpass all others ii
 general culture—none are so harmoni
 ously developed. They are quick t&lt;
 perceive any meanness in an individual
 And it is reasonable that they shouk
 have all those fastidious views whicl
 wealth and power are wont to generate
 But it is not to be disguised that there
 is inuen in English culture which wil
 not bear analysis. It is material buili
 solely upon wealth, cockney ism, and if
 most fully exemplified in boxing, racing,
 gunning, &amp;e., what are called true
 English sports. They are neat, order
 ly, and respectable, and have the nicest
 care of their wines, politics, guns, See,
 But these are trifles. The manly foruu
 are attributed'to the exercises, such ai
 boating, boxing and riding, in whicl
 they indulge from early youth. Th«
 attachment to horses among them is
 almost universal—they are always oa
 horseback —the hotels are crowded
 with pictures of races. Betting not
 without its uses, causes, them to be
 very exact in their data, and settle*
 everything as a fact.
 An Arab Funeral.— The following
 description of an Arabian funeral ap
 pears in the Progresd'lndre et Loire:
 ou have requested me to apprise
 you on what day you could be
 to the presence of the Emir. You will
 have to wait a long time, for bis ‘re
 ceptions’ are suspended. A child of
 the deira died, 10 years of age and an
 other, the son of ihe elder brother of
 Abd-el-Kader, has died this day. These
 two deaths have profoundly afflicted the
 unfortunate Emir, and the entire deira
 is plunged in "•owning. Abd-el-Kader
 shuts himself up in the strictest soli
 tude, and will receive no one for sev
 eral weeks to come. The Amoral of
 the deceased took place resterdav
 This ceremony, was £rforaid without
 pomp or perade, presented no remark
 abb* features I was unable to ascer
 tain what took place m the apartments
 at (he hoar of interment. The grea
 test discretion as you wiß readily iss-
Mine, was utafrtrsd hf the attendants
 of H* chateau on the occasion of the
 funeral preparations, at which the
 Ijtta cl msfalirf The corpse was
 unclosed m a him aatrrrrii with a white
 cloth, and placed on a stretcher borne
 on the shoulders of lour Arabs.
 At the mnwaf when the funeral cor
 tege commenced Ha procession, heart
 rending cries were heard to issue Iron
 the window ef the apartment belonging
 to the mother of the deceased child,
 who, rimiplfisljr enveloped in her white
 veil, addressed to her son one Isst fare
 well. The father walked behind the
 coffin, with a chaplet in his hands, pray
 ing with fervor and weeping, bitterly.
 At his side were the Lieutenant Sidi
 i Kaddour and the steward, Kara Mo
 hammed, accompanied by Captains
 Botaaonier and Fournier, and followed
 by some fifteen Arabs. The cortege,
 surrounded *by unarmed soldiers, at
 traded a fast concourse of persons in
 i the streets of Amboise. The touching
 ceremony—presenting so striking a
 .contrast to the absurd pomp of Chris
 tian funerals—and the mournful atti
 t tude of the unfortunate exiles, could
 not fait to excHe the pity and even the
 sympathy o( the spectators.
 The populace in general manifested
 much feeling, and if, occasionally, the
 religious meditations of the Arabs were
 disturbed by a somewhat indiscreet
 j eagerness to see the ceremony, we
 must blame that idle curiosity to which
 Iwe Flench are only too prone. The
 cortege having reached the cemetery,
 the Arabs dug the grave. During
 this operation the father of the de
 ceased, who betrayed an utter absence
 of Moorish stoicism, did nothing but
 weep and pray by turns. The Arabs
 inter their dead in much care and pre
 caution. The corpse is laid down on
 its right side, with the face turned to
 ward the east. Fragments of wood,
 placed above the bier, form a sort of
 dome, covered with leaves and grass/
 and consolidated by stones.
 The earth, which is cast over the
 whole does not touch the coffin, which
 the Arabs take great care to protect
 from the dampnes of the soil. The
 grave-diggers having washed their
 hands and feet, the ceremony termi
 nated. On his return to the chateau,
 the father of the decased thanked Can
 taios Boissonier and Fournier for their
 kindnes, and immediately retired to his
 apartments. It appears that the deaths
 oi*these two children are ascribable to
 the carelessness of their parents or
 nurses, who allow them to run about
 in the open air with bare feet, and very
 thinly clad—a habit which may be
 very safe in the scorching soil of Al
 giers, but is not exactly suited to the
 ruder climate of these northernly lati
 tudes.”
A TR4IT OP CHARACTER IN THE
 SIXTEENTH CENTURY.
 I There dwelt n the town a poor
 woman who had a very fair daughter of
 fifteen years of age. Her poverty was
 so extreme that to procure a' subsis
 tance she prevailed upon her, partly
 by persuasion and partly by compul
 t sion to suffer herself to be secretly
 "conducted one evening to his lodgings
 by a varlet of his. Returning late
 t from a banquet in town, the good knight
 found her in his apartment. She was
 i lovely as an angel, but her eyes were
 i swollen with weeping. Seeing her in
 r this plight, he immediately asked her
 I what ailed her, and if she knew why
 L she was come there. The poor girl
 threw herself upon her knees and
 I said, Alas! yes my lord! My mother
 I j has insisted upon it, nor would I have
 I done so without compulsion, but- my
 mother and I are so poor that we are
 dying of hunger; and would to God I
 were dead, so I might not be of the I
 i number of unhappy girls, and in dis
 honor all my life.” And so saying
 she wept so violently that there was no
 pacifying her. When the good Knight j
 perceived her noble courage, he said
 to her almost with tears, “Truly, my
 friend I will not be so wicked as to seek
 to alter your virtuous resolution.”
 And changing vice into virtue, he took
 her by the hand, and making his var-‘
 l pt take a torch, he conducted her to a 1
 female relative of his who lived near,
 under whose charge he left her. The
 next morning be sent for her mother
 1 and asked if she were not a miserable 1
 wretch to render her daughter vicious.
 The poor woman, ashamed and afraid,
 could only answer that they were in
 i the extremity of poverty. “Well,”
 said the good Knight, never do so vile
 a thing as to sell your daughter, who J
 is a gentle woman. You should be c
 severely punished. Tell me now has
 no one ever asked her in marriage?” J
 “Yes, indeed,” she said, “a neighbor
 of mine, an honorable man, but he re- a
 quires /pc hundred florins, and I have
 not the'naif of them.” And if he bad
 them would he marry her?” said the
 good Knight. “Yes, assuredly,” an- r
 swe red she. He then took his purse d
 and handed her three hundred crowns, t
 ■aying, “Here my friend, are two hun- d
 dred crowns, which are more than 5
 equivalent to six hundred florins of this
 country, to marry your daughter withal
 And a hundred crowns for her wedding
 gear.** He then presented the mother ll
 with another hundred crowns for her-
 self, and desired his varlet not to lose 2
 sight of them till he had seen the daugb-
 ter married, which she was three days
 and kept a very creditable house,
 taking her mother to live with her. 1 vi
 believe you have never read in chroo-
 icle or history a more courteous, lib- u
 era), and honorable action, than this of
 the gtfod Knight —History of the (rood
 K»gkt
laascibipity or Tutr». The
 greatest plague in life is a bad temper,
 it is a great waste of time to complain
 of other people’s; the best thing is to
 amend our own, and the next best qual
 ity is to learn to bear with what we
 !®®*t others. Irascibility is very
 injurious to health, and so, in fact, is
 every morbid indulgence of our inferior
 nature—low spirits, melancholy, diffi
 dence, disinclination for ordinary
 duties, discontent, fretfulness, even
 mental lassitude, indolence or
 he made to eas/themaH to the winds,
 and look unbloshinglr into the troth of
 It is astonishing what a littSe
 reflection will do—the fears are mostly
3Uotrti«maU*.
tupwtiM w Pifnsis.
 TtHFB Patent WWI CMrmoe and Wire Oiws.
 1 PW. The Forming; Pdbftr ara hereby informer
 hove
 •traction and ~7nSi
 dared, ihev have met the dswidsd sppuilartSj
 fonli the feflnw Ae^^rshm
 sirndulh show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 Thin any certify that wo, the Sphombers, hart
 Wen and need the Patent Wheel Cultivator, taveuteC
 by Nathao lor, uf ShHbv, Orleaao Co., New
 V«r*, and believe it to Was a labor-saving am
 chine, one of the gnsirW improvements of the age.
 By k, a former eaa pul in from ten In fifteen acre*
 mure of wheat ia a rear, with the mam amount ol
 tenia labor; be ran also now k in mark better order
 By h also ffoafo thistles and other noxious weedt
 ■mv he totally extirpated. Said nmchiae is so cow
 strutted that it raa he regulated to go aay depth, bj
 mean* of arrests oa the mcr pnrt of the marhif
 »od than either plow m the grimed thoroughly, oi
 only jn*t brush the surfocr. Upou the whole, wt
 think it decidedly (he best machine ever invented fot
 pulverizing the ground and focilitating the fobor
 the Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend il
 to onr brother formers.
 James H. I led lev, James Lie
 Enos Newmaa, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co-, April 23, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, pure based "one of Nathag
 Ide’s Patent Cuhirators last Fall, and found il
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare w ith two horse*, eight acres of land per day
 f*»r wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivate!
 will yield 5 hash, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems il
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various Blades of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it mast be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 im|tlement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEV I WELLS, Buffolo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. V’., where formers are invited
 o call and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the politic that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;r. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jyM SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Baffalo Paper Mills,
 wliere Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white ami smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notiee.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine die quality and price, at No.*6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l -Booksellers and Publishers.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Rerirtp, The North Rnt
 tsh Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blacktcood’s Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodical* are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their, arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, befng an exact fmc-xnutir of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical, “Black
 wood” and the Ixtndon Quarterly” are Tory; the
 !“Edinburgh Review” Whig; ami
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religions diameter, having h
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, si.**
 his death, heing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of tlie four Reviews, $3 00 per annum. 1
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Renews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to he made in all cases in adranc e.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 script ion for three—tl»e fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to ns early sheet, of
 that work, by which we shall be able to 'place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted ia any of the American j
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that l
 we maybe eorapeied to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early w hile
 the price is low” j
 Remittances ami communication* should he always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Pbift.
 firiphia. CWirml in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, #300,800 Penjwniii W. Ridardt, Presi
 dent. Cmtuwri to wake insurance on grant
 annoilir* and wabafU, nod accept Imu front in
 dividual*, corporal* bud**, and courts of tastier,
 and execute then agreeably to the dr* ire of the par
 tie*, and receive deposits of money i»» trust or oa
 interest.
 The Company add a boaa* at anted period* to
 the in*aranre far hfe, and on the 20th of January
 last, aa addition was taad to all the prdieies fur I He,
 remaining ia hm&gt; and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per rent, oa the sum insured
 ia policies issued ia 1837; 71 per rent, on policies
 issued ia 1838, and in rateaUe proportions accord mg
 •o their respective dates.
 The chief object of aa insurance (or life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will he seen oa examination of the
 table of rales of the lift insurance, which will he
 finidiul by the snbarriher to »U who may fed an
 interest ia the salyrt, that by paying a samii *mo to
 the ofice every year during his Me, a person but *e
 ewe to Me family a very r»widrvaiJr asaouat at' bis
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Lifi» lamwaare is properly
 ■dtntsal, it is extensively adapted, and its grant
 advantages to *U, hut umre especially to those who
 dspsud on their usraouevtmus few the support of their
 faiudw, or who may he druritw to aerate the pay
 ment of a sms of aumey to their friend*, creditor* or
 at their decaa«e, which they might he oth
 erwise aaahlp to arrompksb, that the operation of dm
 •ysteni needs hut to he explaiae&gt;i to mm* the wtri
 eas rensiiWreliua of the public.
 la anvatal imlsotu it hat happened that the parts
 mmrsd has deed shuetiy after haring paid oak «r
 f two matt low ot* of the pesmism, whew his liuum
 Other the fed! mmmnl
 lwM* he hod inward.
 irftratjn an this hnpnruot sahjert may be
 1 'St'E
 egeat of the Girard Lift lmwrserr Campaot.
 WILLIAM BAkkWKIX.
 Bafcvwr#** Law Padding*.
am. H TOPP, Jg«*W Iml
 "l; MuHmnwfir omohimi oTCnnu,
 AWy. F**. U, H*
Uwrkai inriai.
 d. fOWtV*, EDI TO*.
 HpO refer- Jmi Mwlwttlntrnrr, pi
 X (he Moat e*.dMd af a* treffce. ¥et,ta do this are*
 mm aaderstei.d the tinman ConetitniHm. TbJ«
 V2fem&gt;A B
 niiWWITj ritr«K»KMr&gt; inn f n*f *l| i“1 rl
 kntr.irdmMi* tip —ir~f **T frf*« Ww,‘
 maditiak* of kappim, wd mrtilWf the |4hW
 pbrr’s Mar W l'irt«»«rf iWk.
 M PMUftRLOGT
 .Each MpkH «Ui contain euher the aa*H«i« Rod
 ■Uiea of MW phrenolng ical CwnltT, ilnetraird l»j
 bfnriai, or an trtinl on ihMr eeadunat
 and also the rngaaiiatina Mid rkinM lor of awe *di»-
 tiagwiehed panoiaage, accompanied hjr a Uhci
 PHY SIOLOGf
 Health I- Life. TW gnat Mrtnwwi of tilfrt ri«f
 toe and happiness. aR «f which il augment*. To its
 pwofTitioi aad rastorat iua t specialattainton will be,
 f*WB.
 MAGNETISM.
 With prartnl iastrortina, iltrwiaf tin*, ami.
 choice troth* which it wife ids, oil! he (ursttml in
 this Journal.
 TOUftO MEN.
 The Messing* they enjoy, the iiiflocm e they n*»»
 teielri, and their ptrptindni hr Cundortiug our insti
 tution*, will bom the ibeaw of a aeries oljul irk
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not lona onmestly, And wimid not MriTe
 owndnooely, to raMTatr hie aatnnil powers, ami i
 reader huneeit better and more hs*j&gt;py To such,'
 each number w ill he a prompter aud text-hook.
 TERMS— inrariaMv in advance— O.\E IHtI.L
 -AR A YEAR
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of thie J.mntal will I*
 eeßt GRATIS, when desired.
To rewire attention, letter" and order* mnei lie
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nawan St.,New Yrri
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in k
 Boots and Sheer, 80, Pun hare Street, Aru
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a (food assort-'
 Meat, end will sell cheap for cash. Strict aite.dioi-:
 paid to eatom-asade work, by Messrs. Parker and
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 T Electricity art Hydropathy.
 He. public are respectfully informed, that SIIHf
 the philosophical deduction* of the karoed IV.
 Means, of Emory Cqllege, Ga., and the) &lt;ri«&gt;ntif&gt;r
 experiments of Mr. Hemmei of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established iln&gt; tact, ilmi
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by i
 the sense of touch, ia 1844, are in harmony n ith
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human tiody, in a healthy condition, i» in a
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanation*
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the 1
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is mm*
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant »&gt;l
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent pinctiir
 of the healing art, will cease their vorileralion
 againstthe positive electrical state ol tin
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they hare foiled to relieve of tlieir complaints, j
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the NorthYvp- 1
 Ton Water Ccrk. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may I*» permuted U n
 to repeat his experience, that, iii all rases wliere llm
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power ol vvatei
 to afford relief. On die oilier hand, when tlx pan
 of tlie body alluded fo, are in tin* electrn-priMiive
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to Ml
 for a cure.
 Had not tlie results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of die safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 i governed, in detecting die symptoms amrlharacier
 of disease, and practising tlie cure, tlie recent scien
 tific demonstration of tlieir correctness, by Professor
 i Means and Mr. Heramer, could not foil to convince
 tlie most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generoiisl\
 awarded for his success a Hydropathic I’iadi
 lioner, by a discerning public, and tlie gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve oi' tlieir complaints, tlie, undersigned will
 assiduously emleavor to sustain the credit,and merit
 that gratitude, in the ease of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, h\ hi
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensouville, on the west hunk of lacking
 Water, or Mill River, about two ami a ialf mites
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, w ith separate parlors, bathing ami dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated ami conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, ptirity, ami adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic Tliere are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying tlieir rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze-or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of Wood to tlie head,
 cold extremities, general ami nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic iuHammation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general flebility, nervous ami spinal’
 affections, inflammatory ami chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 '♦v-imi, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tlieinselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn'linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and lioard are $5 50 to
 98 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first ami second’
 floors, $8 50 per week. Patterns requiring extra
 attention or fire in tlieir rooms, (except for swath
 iug purposes,) will fornish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 m D. KUGGLES.
 Northampton, Marm 1848.
 I N.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from tlie
 east, west, or south, can take the ears of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton dei&gt;oi to
 convey them hither. 1
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 winch is constantly maintained by the activity of the j
 generating sources within-«a excess generally pass
 mg off m silence from the cuticular snrfoce, so that
 out of 350 experiments made by Mr. Henuner of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,’’ 322 indicted
 the prejenre of positive electneihr. This surplusage
 of the fond upon the surface, we believe to he indi.
 pefinable to the healthful condition of the wls.le
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, lf j action ensues
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical Colffige of
 ,h T i«s hnnoal session, N„v.
 8, 1847, fay A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Profit of Pb,
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
ATHOL WATER CIRE.
 TKE Mmerifer beg, Inxe to rati tie attention
 of Invahde, mpeeuilh thorn wdfrriag from
 rtwooir d.-eaee, to bm hydropathic eetabii»h«eni in
 Athol, XdMS.
 Hie home tru opened for the reception of patient
 laa« wun, and it ie btlitvol oftn mroli n facilj
 tie* for aufcniMnphir and thorough &lt;&lt;4tr*e in hydro
 path?. TW roppH of water i* abundant, and in
 i 7 hg location u &lt;|Oite eligible, Iwiaw hat
 In «fcort di«taore from the vTt Sf. railroad. The
 j nroily 'bn I* in a variety of mw**, and In*
 ctorounf ground* for walk* kmd tm aide*. Mo tS
 with the water, xmtahle regimen, nuuMaia air, ami

 i bealtbMl rnunt* tor which they talar,
 i _ The followiag rare iHnetraie* (hi* remark. Nn
 *V’ rf R-. *4 Warwirk, Mam., ared
 j ahoMt th&lt;nv -6v« yean, wae brongbi lo am font
 Aagam prmeutr.l the foHowu* uWw-,
 ■mb. If ptmd in m erect pnitwe, and M an- 1
 mnmr k r forthwhh kit lark want to the!
 pooad. If l ljeiag well mpporu-d, «he made aat
 ofcav ta Vth, etther foot, when earriet! Cirwaril,
 lh «—»fory, wnahl nwm the
 hm» ta thar riadilwa nearly a
 &gt;«e. Her treatment commenced the l*h of Hrpt
 md «iroMhMii |a Mm fQ* Ort. only. nhc *e
 lrf«.e» for wrverodaetah. aide to walk half a
 mile with earn. Hi are her rrtara to her frank. *he
 hw* neelm.nl her ho*e, mi* mremp.nl,«« m
 1 I* her heal*. Mhe now atiende to
 *nd with the a**teUnre of a amali
 WP"* of hr frmitv.
 atm dmieed la Wimt throe onoi.rnJ.fr.,
 mmfmr of woollen I4aaket», one pair of *heru.
 J*^* h&gt;we|» marked, whh old line* for
 «mme. or am niM.ru 10 them ia twmn
 »dh nhera, wiB hertmrgrd tree.
 *+**mk.mr* tffCOMOE HOYT.
rOTERTV:
 IT* ILLEGAL g|VIIBA!«D LEr.AL
 •r ITMRWI WOMII.
 The Atmuy Puirie* nM* is—« A mm natanM,,
 ,f 2. *«y rtwwrliahfc. prodwrtmT"
 “Whether all (he aaticipatk.wi of Mr.
 *i&gt; rto w.| here -109 10 Mfuir; hat we Iwartifer*!*
 ixhwl fcw MituTOr to Am irtifr of a
 and entire
 of sect sc party, As, JfofiWal writer, he fc», &lt;w"
 fcr H «»v one whose —-j^P**’
 Wa ai *T— l« ahnumi*
 v “i tJSr ir 11 n iu^»i
 ppysity uv ttatr&lt;i. tnd a mani«- r id iniMw«aat Wot^.
 whZ brmrS&lt;o r ,U C! M
 wMr, «r consider M a anrfc well wmth stmK,
 affording may valuable him* to the
 man and political K-nnnwM.*’
 Thr ihniwW «.ja-* An ablr and mw
 lv migirol work from thr yea of Lmader Upon.,”
 r-!*,. MMlwr nf that powerfof ho 4 which
 StriMesibe HwonMiiniinnalifT of American S| ar(
 1 hero 1* 00 Writer «4 lift- age.of logical acumen
 T**; 1 ‘W-,’ This new work
 ».o«l to lend &lt;o re-examination of »H former
 trie* ot politicalo udonv.” At hem bWh k,« e, a
 mwuroi pro; s* iti&lt;mtn strike its a* sustainable— ani
 Ifirv an* M, hi- wmk will prrrail, and prr«h«s 4
 iinp.-n.wit rt volution in thr piesrnt prevail,,* t T
 tern.
 Eveyi onr «hf4ibl rrad it.”
 p jy i -*y»‘M*
 ran 1. Price 2o lent*.
 Hart’s ffgttaMt Kftrart
 I* ,h remedy 1 Imt can br rrlird on for ,t*
 |eriwanei&gt;l cure &lt;4 Contractions, rnll
 M..nof thr Nerves, Nervous or Sick Head* he
 5* fT" w Tremor*, Neuralgic Affections, tiene,.
 IMnlily, Ifeltciciicv of Nt-rvon* and Physical Kiwr
 aml 'crv&lt; us Disorder*. me turfing the m»&lt;r
 dusrulWl &lt;4 nil diffuses that allcct »be human race—
 j Felhng tShW.-Hystrtical Fii»,
 f onrnfcions. Spasms, tc lr in well known, that
 h*mi liioc immemorial, l‘h\sM-rans hare pronounce!
 Epileptic Fils incurable. |u;« lulHe.l all iheir
 skill, ami tlie Umstel iwtwer of all medicine, and
 consitpa nih ih«u«and.s Iwtc &lt;i4ferw) through a mi«-
 eralik* e\ isicuce, ami m lust yielded np their lire* on
 ilie Altar t.j I»K.ntfy. —Tl*e proprietor of thr
 1 able Km 1 act, lumevvi, leels no drHracy in
 flint it ran lie ctuvtl. He would, therefore, renprs-i
 -fully inviie (iliysicinnr, and all others who are inter
 rsird.to i-xamiiie the testimony whirh i* here odemi.
 If it is deception, let it t* exposed but if a
 In e, tlft-n in tlie name of humanity, no longer lef it
 lie said that P).itc| sy is incurable.
 Hmrt’a YtgrtoUr Extract. —For sixteen \ejn-s,
 lias bten tested b\ mam persons who hare siitfcre.]
 with this drcadtiiT ilissnse, am! in erery case where
 it has had a lair triad, luuf eflirrterl a perniaiwnt
 ctirc..
 Col. Dcnslf.w of Yonker®, New York, states that
 his dan-liter has Isen afllicted with Fit# for mote
 tbnn niia* years, ami has hetti cured by the n«c of
 the Vegetable Extrarl.
 Mr-. J. Rrn.W, lIS Orchard street, New York,
 •bales that she has Ueu sniper I to Kits k&gt;r many
 yeais, ami has Is-en restored to perfect heah(t (after
 &lt;rfher means had foiled) by the use ol the
 Vegetable Extract.
 ••r. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Rns'ell co.,
 Afahaiha, who is one of tlie lieet Physicians in liw
 State, fays that la* ba» heeu mnrh henHittcd by tlie
 i I, Vcgrtahlc Extract, ami that be tmhesitat
 "l®l ptesrnls*- it in every ra«e of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledm*.
 intis Mayherry, Fsrj., forn.erly Postmaster
 at I.unc Mills, t raw ford Co., Pa., now living m
 r.i i 0,, I‘a., that lt*r nnuiy yurn past lia
 has t een sorely aiHirlpil with Fits, and be is now
 happy to slate that a persevering use of Dr. Hail’s
 i Vegetable Extract, has reetoied him to sound health,
 cntiieK freed from tbut worst of all diseases.'
 Judge Barnittll, N. ISH Henry street, New York
 Imvmg used tlie Vegetable Extract soeres.| u !b t
 Ins binnly, highly recomaiemis it to all persons who
 ate afflicted w ith Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner nf Sixth Avenue
 and I weit|a-Six|]i street. New York, states that
 Mr. Clias, 11. lionditou, a memlwr of his family has
 l)een so severely afflieted with F.pileptir Fit* for
 many years, dial lie wan obliged to rrhiMMuiib In*
 Imsiness. Having used !&gt;r. Jiait’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon ,estored n.
 healili, and left this rily for ibe Slate 01
 M.i &gt;to resume bis Imsiness. 9
 per. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church
 I Hpotswomi, New Jersey, wlm&gt; ha* lieeti afflicted’
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, stales
 that he lias used I»r. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 I !p;* I*™ so much improved tiuit lie hones
 by I &gt;l vine blessing, to liave no more Fiu.
 EpOcftic Mts—For tweiity-seven years and afar
 months, cured hy the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read tlie following remarkable rase of Die son „p
 Hm. Seemre, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven year* and six mouth*
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, tier
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, ami expending lor medicine,
 medical
 treatment am! advice three thousand tloliars, returned
 with his son to ibis country in Novemher last. with,
 wit receiving any benefit whatever, and was’ cured
 by using Hart'. V,,«abl t Extract.—\ have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. J was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rojie with him which I did. I first visited England
 I consulted die most eminent physician* ilwre
 respect to his rose; they examinetl him and presen.
 a T nar l,n f*&gt;&gt; 1 "'•nained there three
 without perceiving any change for the hHter which
 cost me nbout two hundred and fifty dollars,* pot k
 eled by the physicians, and the most that I received
 Engfom! travdled through Scotfond, OeJS.J
 ami France, and returned home in tlu* month of
 November fost with my son as for from being cured
 l kr L’ W y W in one of
 v- x, 'w k '“P*"’ anti co fcrf ed to try Hart’*
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your stotements ami
 c/ptoficates of so many cures, some of twenty ami
 tforty years standing, and I can assure you 1 am not
 sorry I did so, as l 7 the use of Vegetalde
 Snmrn'ir Was PERFECT
 r. iTr 1 rPUSon w,Mch wa« *0 for gone a* to
 unfit him for liuaine** is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now before him of life, health ami useful
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 years (j
 months of this time ha* been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank (rod is now
 enjoy ing good health-
 Now, sir, faith without works I ,100*1 believe
 18. To say 1 shall be ever grateful to you i* one
 and a* I here enclose you one hundred dollar-
 I have no douit hut you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude .nil
 0 "Ti:Tl Pf 3 arrr P ,bi wnoum as inters- 1
 on tlieileb* m mlvance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (Mgnml) WILLIAM BECORE.
 TESTIMONY l PON TESTIMON Y
 In reference to the almost miraculous Hfo-^ L
 »bc follow mg
 iJ amo rd, (if,,.,!
 one of tlft- most em,pbrstcians m that place:
 fiuilford, Ohio, Ann list IV
 lr bh T T 'to rouse ofCLmi'y-ltear
 of pfeamre dm. I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete iriuuiidi
 A ywßTafoafefo medicine in I
 totlMOt*. tfo* Vtcuiily,
 and it has been highly successful in all. Three u
 The radirollv rurrd.
 T rdptdly toproruq, wad will,
 tkmk wttbom doubt recover/! aro habu
 I!- Pr T!T ,f W pu*«H nrdiriin,
 MM when I st* m arise It wbmh 1 rt~irr so much
 for Use relief of Meeting bumanity, I feel my duly
 recommend k, and I hnve no Wshatiio m n?-
 mg that as soon as the fondly are folly acquaint„t
 with the real merit of your medicil;, they
 *ry r r~ KdMdiee rod a
 *Jmenbe myself yours, sincerely.
 (Rtgne*i) w 1.. Monroe m d
 Is Dr- H. Harf, New York.
 JWTlttmiSf TAB UMTANT
 *“a thnasnniis who are row H
 *r
 wmjwrTOpwwcraTirioATEM
 hi*, ita,., Vn
 iw r T^"' HAIrr n.n- v-i.
 ik, uu
 i*S
 mLra£",i“r
 .c
 Agewu for dm i/a*trd
 V~ manimm atiwm. must be ad-
 Aremmd P&lt;m Paid. Vf
 A F+m ami W.UiamSi
 P* tL't? R Bt. Pauls Rochester,
 Md Ohm.
 nitSra&amp;lsero.
 Wm. f Willingham, MiWaihw Wm.
 f- iUed.umMV.rWruroM.
 IV vw |ri l
"
