"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, I _
 R. DELAtIY.
VOL. 11. NO.
TV NORTH STAR V pafeU»k«4 «wy
 rrMay, at If*. *5, Baflalo Mimi,
 (Oppomt* th* Accede.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annual, alwajft
 tnbscripuoa will He received fi* a le«* ,Min n
 *|X months. lim .rVrd
 Advertisement* not exceeding ten low*
 three time* for one dollar; every subsequent 11
 tion, twenty-five cent*.
 The object of the North Star wilUtc to attack
 Si. a vert in all h« form* and **V*«*‘' advocate
 UNIVERSAL Eh ASPIRATION; exalt tlw nundard
 of Public RoraliTT; promote the moral and in
 tellectual improvement of the Coi oRrD P orL,;
 and ha*ten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Mu Lion* of onr Enslaved Fellow Coun
 tether.
 Pirm.ISHER’S NOTICES.
 ffy All communication* relating to the buwtnnM
 m dtrr of the paper, name* of subscribers,
 V, -hnuhi he addressed to Jo»«* Dice,
 Publisher.
 (Q- Agents, and all others reading names, _are
 eouested to be arc urate, and give the '/Jr o*' 0
 lie County, and tire State. Each Subscriber t* .m
 -medlately credited for money received.
 fty* Any person sending in the paynwnt for four
 subscriber*, to lie for warded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 (p* All letter-- and communications mist he post
 paid.
LIST OF rtKENTS.
 Massachusetts —H. F. Wolcott,2l,Conthdl,
 80-ton; Natluut Johnson, New Bedford Horatio
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffutn, Lyuu; Decree
 Evans. Worcester Bourne Spooner, PH mout
 Charles H. Seth, Springfield David Haggle*,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
 Maine.— Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Verho«it.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 r‘Connecticut -Jonathan New Haven
 Nrw llahpshire.-"cure Tappan, Bradford.
 New York —Sydney H Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street; James McCone Smith, M, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, UVstlwrv, Uueen Countv Marv Har
 ner Albany Elias Dotv, Macedon llletts Keese,
 Peril, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J F Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode IslaßD.—Ainarancy Paine, Providence.
 Perrstlvania. —J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Gomes, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Win. Whtpper,
 Columbia Isaac Robert*, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton. _
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Mat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veysliurgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Communication.
EXTRACTS
 Fkuh the Speech of Thomas J. Mlmford, in
 on tlu Suffrage Question.
 I advocate the enfranchisement of
 our colored fellow-citizens, because I
 believe it to be a measure prompted by
 the spirit of the Christian religion, and
 required by die first principle of Demo
 cratic institutions.
 That all men are descended from
 common parents, is equally the dictate
 of reason and revelation. Whoever
 considers the substantial similarity of
 mental, moral and physical constitu
 tion among his fellow-men, notwith
 standing the almost infinite variety of
 feature and complexion, must believe in
 the unity of the human race. Who
 ever has read the Bible, is aware that
 it teaches that Adam was the ancestor
 of all the vast multitudes of human be
 ings who now throng the earth, wher
 ever they may dwell, and whatever may
 be their complexions. He must also
 know that the New Testament reiter
 ates that God made of one blood all
 the nations of the earth.”
 If then the colored man is, like us,
 composed of an organized body and a
 rational boul, a creature endowed with
 reason and free will—if, like us, he is
 elevated by noble aspirations, and de
 based by carnal propensities—if, like
 us, he is physically allied to the brute
 and spiritually akin- to God—if he has
 the same Father in heaven, and Adam
 and Noah were his and our fathers
 upon earth, then our rights and respon
 sibilities, our hopes and our fears, our
 earthly duties and our immortal desti
 nies are the same. He is our brother
 and our neighbor, and companion in
 time and in eternity.
 Whoever believes in the doctrine of
 Christianity, will go to the teachings of
 Jesu9 Christ for his rule of conduct
 towards his fellow-men. In seven brief
 words he uttered a sublime precept,
 which, when faithfully applied, will ena
 ble us to decide every question of duty
 towards our brethren. He taught us
 to love our neighbors as ourselves; and
 he did not say, Love thy white neigh
 bor, but thy neighbor, without any
 qualification of complexion or race.—
 To understand this injunction, we
 should consider how we love ourselves.
 Do we love life, liberty and the pursuit
 of happiness Then we should love to
 witness our neighbors in the enjoyment
 of their inalienable rights. Do we love
 to enjoy the right of choosing the men
 by whom the laws are made and admin
 istered? Then we should love to wit
 ness our neighbors, whatever may be
 their complexion, enjoying the same
 privilege. Are we painfully sensible of
 any deprivation of our rights, whether
 natural or political? Then, unless we
 shrink from the constant application of
 he golden rule, we should be ready to
 assist our colored neighbor in his at
 tempts to regain the elective fran
 chise.
 AH men possess by nature the right
 ol self-government; and upon the pre
 sumption of this right are based all our
 »deas of human responsibility. Politi
 cal society is but a modification of
 natural society.' and when men enter it,
 they do not consent to surrender the
 right of self-government, but merely
 exchange it for the kindred political or
 adventitious right of participating in the
 government of the society. Without
 tnia participation, all their rights are
 insecure. I admit that it is absolutely
 necessary for the general welfare of
 the community that certain restrictions
 should be imposed upon the enjoyment
 tbfc* right, but they mast be reasons
THE NORTH STAR.
ble, equal and just. The role for the
 exclusion of minors is of this nature.
 The minds of that class of persons are
 immature, and it is universally admitted
 that it is better for them and for society
 that their exercise of the elective fran
 chise should be postponed. It is equal,
 because the duration of minority is the
 same, whenever and wherever the
 minor may be. That a man should not
 participate in the government of a
 country of which he is not a citizen, is
 another rule reasonable and just, and
 equal in its operation. But that a man,
 merely because his complexion is dark,
 or because he belongs to a particular
 race, should be excluded from the right
 and privilege of choosing his rulers, is
 a principle palpably unreasonable, une
 qual and unjust. For as it is the height
 of folly to receive one proposition and
 reject anuthcr, witH*au —ast
 umm real difference oetween them, so
 it is eminently absurd to admit one man
 to the enjoyment of this right and ex
 clude another differing from him in
 none of the essential qualifications of a
 voter.
 1 advocate their enfranchisement, be
 cause they are Americans. They are
 not aliens—not Africans; but native
 Americans. They are not strangers to
 us and to our institutions. They were
 among the earliest settlers of Western
 New York. Long before our pleasant
 streams were studded with flourishing
 mills and factories, when the necessa
 ries of life were obtained with difficulty,
 enduring every danger and privation
 incident to the settler’s life, they as
 sisted in preparing a path in these
 western wilds for the onward march of
 civilization. While I abominate the
 principles of Native Americanism, and
 am content with the present naturaliza
 tion laws, if they are faithfully admin
 istered; and while I am aware that
 hundreds of our adopted citizens are
 men of sterling merit, of whom any
 country might well be proud, I know it
 to be a fact, plain, palpable and unde
 niable as the existence of the sun in the
 heavens, that a vast number of our im
 migrants are taken from the very dregs
 of European population that they
 come here with minds deeply imbued
 with the superstitions and prejudices or
 the old world, ignorant not only of our
 constitution and laws, but even of our
 language, and totally unacquainted with
 the nature and operations of our insti
 tutions. Is it reasonable, just or equal,
 that the foreigner, whatever may be his
 ignorance, his prejudices, or his crimes,
 should in five years be invested with
 every privilege of citizenship, and that
 native Americans, guilty of no crime
 hut their complexions, whatever may
 he their intelligence, their virtue, or
 their patriotism, should be deprived of
 the right of suffrage
 I advocate their enfranchisement, be
 cause we have grievously wronged
 them, and it would be a partial atone
 ment for past injuries. Any one ac
 quainted with the history of the two
 races in this country, is aware that we
 have uniformly oppressed them; and
 that justice calls in trumpet tones for
 restitution. What better beginning can
 we make than the restoration of this
 inestimable right?
 I advocate their enfranchisement, be
 cause gratitude requires it at our
 hands. They have ever been loyal
 and patriotic. They participated in all
 the arduous struggles of the Revolu
 tion, and coutributed in no slight de
 gree to many of the most brilliant vic
 tories by which our independence was
 achieved. Several States enlisted col
 ored regiments, who fought with bra- j
 very and skill. Colored men were at
 Lexington and Bunker Hill—at Sara
 toga and Yorktown. Indeed, there is
 not a battle-field from Maine to Geor
 gia, that has not been crimsoned with
 their blood and whitened by their bones.
 And shall we longer deny them a par
 ticipation in the fruits of the conflict
 In the last war, they shared the dan
 gers and hardships of the field. In
 1814, a bill accepting the services of
 2,000 colored volunteers passed the
 Legislatnre of New York. They were
 not liable to be drafied; they could not
 have been compelled to go; but they
 went voluntarily and they went not
 to defend a country which had protected
 them in the enjoyment of their rights,
 but one which had permitted them to
 be grievously wronged. With unpar
 alleled magnanimity, they forgave eve
 ry injury, and animated by the purest
 patriotism, fought valiantly in defence
 of their native land. In the battle of
 Lake Erie, Commodore Perry's fleet;
 was chiefly manned by colored seamen.
 Many black sailors served under Com.
 M’Donough, when he conquered on
 Lake Champlain. Many were in the
 battle of Plattsburgh and Sackets Har
 bor. Gen. Jackson called out colored
 troops in Louisiana and Alabama, and
 in a solemn proclamation attested their
 fidelity and courage.
 They desire it. They have held sev
 eral conventions, the proceedings of
 which were conducted with great de
 corum —have issued eloquent appeals
 to the sense of justice in their white
 brethren, and are now anxiously wait
 ing the result of the election.
 It will benefit them. By tending to
 their elevation, and by adding to their
 self-respect. It will procure them more
 courtesy and sympathy from their su
 periors, diffuse among them a common
 confidence and interest in the govern
 ment awaken a desire to examine and
 debate all public proceedings, and thus
 nourish a lively curiosity to acquire
 knowledge, and at the same time fur
 nish the means of gratifying U. The
 debates of the Legislature, the conduct
 of public oflkers, the contests of par
 ties, the great public measures, and the
 agitating questions of the day, will be
 canvassed by them, and their minds
 will be vastly stored and strengthened.
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
It will produce no bad effect. Their
 number* ere few. They compoee only
 one-fiftieth of oar population, and are
 therefore unable to form any dangerous
 combinations. They now enjoy the
 elective franchise in Massachusetts,
 Rhode (stand and Vermont, States pro
 minent for the virtue and intelligence of
 their citizens, and the security of life
 and property.
It is often said that the great mass
 of colored men are degraded, and
 therefore they should be deprived of
 this privilege. Now if there be any
 force in this argument, it must be baaed
 upon the principle, that whoever is de
 graded should be excluded from the
 right of voting. If this be admitted, as
 it must be by those who talk of exclu
 sion on aeeooofof degradation, and it
 graded, then course it follows that
 they should be excluded. But may not
 retiring else be made to follow from
 principle? If whoever is degraded
 should not be a voter, what is to become
 of the 50,000 degraded white men in
 the State of New York? By the same
 argument they should of coarse be ex
 cluded.
 But while I deny that all the blacks,
 or even a majority of them are de
 graded, I insist that this degradation is
 the result of our cruelty, and that it is
 unjust, unreasonable, and unchristian,
 to plead the necessary effects of our
 own ill treatment of them as an excuse
 for the continuance of the wrong.
 The advocates of the disfranchise
 ment of the colored man, merely be
 cause he is degraded, seem to forget
 that there are different kinds of degra
 dation that there is a voluntary degra
 dation and an involuntary degradation;
 the one criminal and the other in
 nocent.
 If a man, of his own free will, ne
 glects all opportunities for improve
 ment, and voluntarily plunges into ig
 norance and crime, while it is the duty
 of the philanthropist to labor for his
 elevation to virtue and usefulness, no
 one is responsible for his deplorable
 situation but himself. But if a man, by
 the force of circumstances beyond his
 control, by the oppression of others
 who are stronger, is deprived of oppor
 tunities for cultivation and improve
 ment —if he is almost forced to be ig
 norant—if every avenue to refinement
 is securely closed against him, and he
 8 compelled to stifle at its birth every
 tope of advancement, then he certainly
 s unblamable, and the criminality rests
 with his oppressor.
 That the degradation of the colored
 nan is involuntary may be proved by a
 •eview of his history, which will be
 luffici—fly developed by replies to two
 questions—Why is he here and why is
 :ie degraded?
 Why is he here? Is it because he
 voluntarily abandoned his native coun
 try, and sought a servile station in the
 new world? No! He is here because
 fiends in the forms of slavetraders in
 vaded the coast of his nstive land, in
 terrupted him in the enjoyment of his
 liberties, dragged him from the home of
 his infancy and the friends of his youth,
 hurried him on board of floating hells,
 and after a horrid passage, at the de
 tails of which sensibility sickens and
 humanity fshudders, brought him to
 Amerioa, and here sold him into joy
 less, hopeless, endless bondage. This
 is why he is here. now, Why is
 he degraded? (Can any American
 answer this question without a rebuking
 conscience and a shame-crimsoned
 cheek?) He is degraded, because since
 his residence among us, he has enjoyed
 no opportunities for mental and moral
 improvement; but, on the other hand,
 everything has been done that could
 be done, not only to fetter his intellect
 and lacerate his feelings, but to extin
 guish the light of reason itself, and to
 seal up the otherwise gushing fountains
 of his heart,
 In|the slaveholding has
 been a subject of
 of burden, his labor often eHHJßwith
 stripes that Mercy) with a bleeding
 heart, weeps when she sees inflicted on
 a beast,” liable at any time to be won
 on a horse-race, or lost at a gaming
 table unable to acquire any property
 even in himself; his contract of mar
 riage disregarded by the laws; forbid
 den to carry out the evident designs of
 his Maker, by cultivating the intellect
 with which he has endowed him; with
 no home from which be may not be torn
 without a moment's warning; with no
 fam&amp;y of whom he may not be deprived
 by the whim, hate or necessity of an
 other; and (oh, most odious and damn
 able feature of thejaccursed system—
 that which permits the very foundation
 of morality to be sapped with impunity
 —that which seems to provoke and al
 most defy the wrath of a just and pure
 God;) with no security for the chastity
 of women, can we wonder that he is
 degraded Can we believe that he is
 responsible for the degradation
 In the free States, although his light
 of intelligence may burn a little bright
 er, it only enables him to see more
 clearly the nature and extent of hii
 wrongs. Nominally free, he is (de
 prived of thdse privileges without which
 freedom is almost nothing worth; com
 pelled to obey rulers in whose election
 he has no agency; obliged to submit tc
 laws made without bis knowledge 01
 consent; banished from almost ever}
 college and academy; exiled from
 places of public amusement; at the
 theatre, the church, and the lectun
 room, compelled to occupy allotted
 seats, fixed swrks for scorn to poiA
 his finger at”—the jest of the dnmk
 aid, the fop, the libertine, and Um
 gambler; and even when his soul hai
 left his mortal frame, his body is some
 tunes refused a burial place in the com
 moo receptacle of the dead; yet no
them, so
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1849.
content with persecuting the poor col*
 ored man through life, this cruel preju
 dice, with more than bloodhound re
 lent] essn ess, pursues him to the very
 gates of heaven.
 Having thus, in the strong language
 of truth, shown that the colored man is
 not responsible for his degradation, I
 contend that it should not b# urged
 against him by his oppressors.
From tk« Tree Weeleyaa.
 FUGITIVES Uf CANADA.
 I promised in my last, to give some
 particulars showing the thrifty condition
 of the self-emancipated slaves. A
 great proportion of them are farmers.
 You do not see the Colored people in
 Cataslf aryuo mm ftTAu n the States,
 settling in towns and cities, engaged
 as waiters about hotels, barbers or
 boot-blacks, and the women washing
 white people's dirty clothes. I did
 not see a colored person, except in one
 instance, engaged about a tavern.
 They are engaged, for the most part,
 in what are considered honorable em
 ployments. I always feel bad, when I
 am travelling, to be waited on by a
 colored man. The prejudice which is
 crushing this people is fed by the fact,
 that so many of them are found waiting
 on the white race. The feeling that
 they are fit for little else than servants
 —that they ought to wait on the whites,
 is kept alive by the menial business in
 which so many of them engage in the
 States. They are more respected in
 Canada than in the States, because they
 are engaged in more respectable occu
 pations. I congratulate them on this
 account, and urged them not to copy
 the example oi their colored brethren
 in the States.
 Great injustice has been done this
 people by representations made in the
 States, or sent to them. They have
 been represented as a lazy, poor,starv
 ing community, for whom donations in
 clothing, stc., must be made and sent
 annually, 'to keep them from suffering.
 They are deeply afflicted and grieved
 with these representations; and in their
 annual convention, at Drummondsville,
 passed a resolution requesting their
 friends in the Slates to send no more
 clothing to Canada, except for the new
 comers and the schools. They said
 they did not want any; they had taken
 care of themseles and their masters to
 boot in slavery, and in such a country
 as Canada, they could take care o.
 hemselves well. They did not wish
 o be considered objects o! charity, and
 'elt insulted to be so represented.
 I conversed with a number of white
 gentlemen, of standing and wealth, re
 ative to the fugitives, whose united tes
 imony was, that for the first four or five
 rears of their residence in Canada, they
 vere thrillless; but after that time they
 )ecame industrious and good citizens.
 They spoke of them in terms of com
 nendation. This is easi y accounted
 or. They were accustomed in slavery
 o have their work planned, and laid to
 heir hand, and never planned or laid
 &gt;ut their own work, and never had-ex
 jerience in this important business; and
 vhen they came to Canada, where they
 lave to arrange business for themselves,
 ire like young men who learn the
 tewing part of tailoring, before they
 learn to cut—they can make a firstrate
 coat if it be cut to their hand, but must
 learn to cut out, or plan business,when
 they reach their new and free homes;
 md it takes them usually three or four
 pears to do it, and then their thrift be
 gins, according to the above statement.
 This is just what we ought to expect.—
 It is perfectly natural.
 I saw quite a number who had pretty
 good farms, and everything necessary
 tor* life and comfort around them.—
 Some are worth hundreds, and others
 thousands of dollars. I cannot com
 pare them with the colored people oi
 the slave States, for they are so much
 better situated that there are no points
 comparison—there are poiuts of con
 trast, but not of comparison. And, as
 I said before, they are better situated
 than the free people of color in the
 United States. But the brightest phase
 of that people is in prospect.
 are destined, in the country to whifl
 they have fled, to become just what tfl
 people of that country is—not what they
 are now, but what they will be, when
 the resources of that great country be
 come fully developed a wealthy,
 learned, influential, and highly civilized
 community.
 Tbe laws there make no distinction
 on account of color. The colored man
 can take rank end place with his white
 brother, and the fsgitives may become
 a part of the community, and share
 their part of its benefits. Some of them
 understand their interests in this re
 tfbect, and are ready to take hold of
 any and everythin* calculated to iden
 tify them, not as black or colored men,
 but as British subjects, and are ready
 to go against everything which gives
 them any identity or inters** not com
 mon to all British subjects. This prin
 ciple must be cherished and inculcated
 until every colored man in Canada shall
 be baptized with ittapirit. Thiz work
 will require labor, time nad pattenen--
 but it must be dose; it m the colored
 man s only exodus. As long as he is
 heir to any blessing or curse, on ac
 count of his color, he will be mode to
 feelthsthsisacoloredmsn. There is
 ss mock or more difcouity to eet the
 colored people right on thm point as the
 whites, jbut it dooemn And
 great wisdom is required to accomplish
 5. I will notice more fully
 hereafter. E. SMITH.
 I hsveli meay yearn, ia every
 emiie todUfctmeeto theopuuoe of people,
 astern 1 have iseeon to thmk them good m
 wise.— DrJLntM.
oeleftions.
AIEMCA! SLAVERY.
 Dtu Sim:—Since my return front a
 tour in U»e United States, which occu
 pied a year, and gave me many valuable
 opportunities for becoming acquainted
 with the American people and their in
 stitutions, I have been questioned by
 many friends as to the opinion I formed
 on slavery.
 It is needless perhaps for me to pre
 mise, that in respect to the main princi
 ples involved in the subject, there could
 be no room for change. My abhor
 rence of slavery is deeply fixed, and
 can neither be overcome nor softened.
 If I had founded it chiefly on the sup
 posed general ill-treatment of slaves by
 their masters, and their endurance of
 physical privations, it might be much
 affected by the knowledge that a large
 proportion of m&amp;aterS are generally
 kind to their slaves; and that the mere
 outward means of comfort sffordgd them
 are usually not inconsiderable, being
 even manifestly superior to what many
 freemen can obtain. But all this has
 little to do with the question. Wher
 ever there is irresponsible power, it
 will be often abused. It is men’s in
 terest to use well their domestic animals
 and cattle; but how often do we see the
 most wanton and revolting cruelty prac
 tised on creatures whose want of power
 to complain ought to plead for them as
 powerfully as their useful services! It
 is the interest of a despot to have under
 him a flourishing and happy people,
 which he might do much towards effect
 ing by a prudent regard to known prin
 ciples of good government; but not the
 less the experience of the whole world
 proves, that security against the gross
 est tyranny can only be obtained under
 free institutions. Many may find little
 personally to complain of; but some are
 grievously oppressed, and all are de
 graded. Let any one only look over
 the newspapers of any of the slave
 States, and every page wiil afford him
 proof that there are abundant cases oi
 cruelty, and that the necessary influ
 ences of slavery on its victims are bru
 talising; and, if hearing that most men
 treated their slaves with ordinary kind
 ness; unless when peculiarly provoked, j
 and seeing their well-being, as far as'
 compatible with their enslaved condi- 1
 tion, carefully attended to on the estates
 of some of the wealthier members of;
 society, with whom we may have agree- i
 able intercourse, should make us con
 tented to let the system pass uncon
 demned, or only slightly censured, our
 judgments must indeed be feeble, sup
 posing that our hearts can be right.—
 Slavery is essential injustice. The laws
 which sanction it are wicked anti odi
 ous; and no man who has the slightest
 feeling respecting the value of freedom,
 or the least regard for the welfare of his
 brethren, can live under them, without
 constant efforts to procure their altera
 tion. The pretence of a right of pro
 perty is an insult to reason. Every
 civilized man learns so much of the
 meaning, of justice, even from child
 hood, as to know that if he happens
 to acquire a legal claim where he can
 have no moral or equitable right, it
 must immediately be abandoned. An
 honorable man who discovers that he
 is holding an estate of which another is
 the rightful heir, even if he had no fear
 of possible detection, would give it up,
 though he were to go forth a beggar.—
 In such cases, right admits of no com
 promises, and honesty has no choice as
 to its course of action.
 A favorite notion, even of many sin
 cere haters of slavery among the Ame
 ricans, is, that we English have no
 right to express any feeling on the sub
 ject—that it is interference with private
 affairs and domestic institutions of a
 foreign nation—that it is more likely to
 irritate than to convince—and that we
 had better look at home, where we have
 misery and (as is alleged) oppression
 far worse than slavery. That we have
 evils enough, and quite enough to do to
 correct them, is not to be doubted;
 though Americans are peculiarly apt to
 misapprehend their nature and causes;
 and often utter very unfounded re
 proaches in relation to them; but whilst
 we do all we can at home, and are
 ready to join in every effort for ameli
 oration which seems to us to promise
 usefulness, are our souls to be so
 Ipramped and confined in their sympa
 thies, that we are to see and notice no
 fevil beyond our own bounds? Is the
 common tie of human brotherhood noth
 ing Have we either the right or the
 power to suppress our sentiments
 nay, our expostulations, in the pres
 ence of a great wrong committed in the
 fact of the world, in the sacred name
 of liberty, and under the sanction of
 institutions which are held forth as a
 model to mankind?— Car. of the London
 hqmrtr.
NORTHAMPTON WATER-CURE.
 January, 10th, 1849.
 Mb. Editor 1 take the liberty to
 send you the following extract from the
 letter of a young lady who has spent
 some time at the above establishment in
 Massachusetts, to her sister in this
 State, not doubting that you will be wil
 ling to publish it tor the benefit of the
 suffering. H.
 1 know, dear sister, that yon will
 be surprised and bappjr to learn that I
 am no longer troubled with my spinal
 or other complaints, except the remains
 of the scrofula in the neck. When I
 reflect what ay sufferings have been in
 these respects, 1 am astonished at the
 reality. Could you hare seen am dur
 ing the crisis, while the system was
 undergoing the change, you would
 scarcely have recognized your sister.—
 The depression of spirits, and the inde
 scribable variety of symptoms that seam
 to harass a subject of the cur* 2i this
 time, often produces deformi
 ties, which sts almost inrnrahls
Whether the Dr. will succeed m re
 moving ell the scrofula aad the kernels
 from mjr neck, I know not; but «s he
 bus cured me of the extreme sufferings
 thst sent me here, I cannot think of
 leering the Cure without giving him an
 opportunity of trying his skill against
 this affection. If it can be done, I
 here no fears for his success.
 Besides other almost hopeless cases,
 nine ladies with whom I am acquainted
 hare been cured of their ailmen s since
 I hare been at the establishment. One
 was a lady from the South, the wife of
 a slaveholder, whose intense periodical
 sufferings and the debilitating effect of
 humors had baffled the skill of eminent
 physicians for fourteen years. She was
 pronounced incurable. Without hope
 of relief, or faith in the Water Cure,
 she was induced by her husband to
 place herself under the care of Dr.
 Reggies,-and after fow months*
 treatment, she foudd herself cured. On
 realizing the result, language was in
 adequate to express her feelings, and
 tears of gratitude filled her eyes.
 A lady from Providence, R. 1., be
 tween sixty and seventy years old,{who
 had lost the use of her limbs with sci
 atic gout, after a council of physicians
 had decided that nothing but amputa
 tion could afford her relief, like many
 others, she came to this establishment
 as the last resort. After some weeks’
 treatment, she was enabled to stand
 alone on her crutches: later, she could
 take a few steps in her room; and later
 still, she could walk from her room to
 the parlor and return at pleasure; and
 now she moves with much alacrity
 through the house, and out on the ve
 randa. The disease has nearly left her,
 except in one ancle, the strength of
 which she sometimes tries by walking
 without crutches. Her general health
 is much improved, and her countenance
 appears fresh and rosy. She is now
 so far restored that no one doubts com
 plete recovery.
 Many of the cases cured here are the
 hardest f the kind. Some who are so
 feeble that they are not able to move
 without assistance,are seen to walk from
 two to four, and even from eight to ten
 miles a day.
 Although the Dr. is too unassuming
 to make much of such cures, he is des
 tined to become so extensively known
 as to secure for himself that wide repu
 tation as a skillful Hydropathist which
 he so justly merits.
 It is suprising to witness the change
 that has come over the public mind in
 regard to his theory within the last five
 years. When he first declared that he
 recognized by the sense of touch, symp
 toms of health or disease by the elec
 trical state of the skin; that the phil
 osophy of the cure of the disease in
 found in the presence of this symptom,
 and the equilibrium of the circulation,
 he was hooted at, and his theory de
 nounced as a “humbug.” Now almost
 every acknowledged scientific physio
 logical writer in this country or Eu
 rope, who has investigated the subject,
 from Baron Liebig to Dr. J. B. Dodd,
 sustains Dr. Ruggle’s theory; and he
 is justly regarded as “the discoverer of
 cutaneous electricity.”
 He is patronized by doctors and
 lawyers, clergymen and laymen, me
 chanics and farmers, slaveholders and
 abolitionists. Ladies and gentlemen
 from every part of the country, and
 from foreign places, embracing persona,
 from various classes in society, with
 different political notious and religious
 sentiments, congregate to this Siloam to
 wash and be healed.
 There are two other establishments
 in Northampton, one of which is re
 garded as a place of fashionable resort,
 but both furnish *heir patients with wa
 ter, drags and high living. But those
 who visit Northampton Water Cure,
 feel that they need a physician who can
 treat them with nature’s own remedy;
 and if they are curable at all, by strict
 obedience to his directions, they are
 sure to experience a return to health.
 Our Dr. is very little more than the
 ordinary size, thirty-eight years old,
 with an athletic form, dark complexion,
 and an intelligent and benevolent coun
 tenance. He has much sagacity, and
 possesses great energy and decision of
 character, with a suavity and dignity of
 manners that command the respect of
 all who know him. In his assiduous
 attention to the symptoms which attend
 his patients, and his ready understand
 ing when and how any application of
 the treatment should be made -in ex
 tremely doubtful cases, lies the secret
 of his great success.”— Rorh. Adv.
•CRAPS FROM CECIL.
 The hero of the world .is the men
 that makes a bustle—the man that
 makes the road smoke under his chatse
 and-four—the man that raises the dust
 about him—the man that manages or
 devastates empires! But whst is the
 real labor of this man—compared with
 that of a silent sufiertr? He lives on
 has projects. He encounters, perhaps,
 rough roads—incommodious inns—bad
 food—storms and perils— weary days
 and sleepless nights:—but what are
 these! —bis project—his poiot—the
 thing that has laid hold on his heart—
 glory—a name—consequence—pleas
 ure—wealth—these render the man
 callous to the pains sod efforts of the
 body! I have been in both states, and
 th«e£&gt;ro uoiaaaUod tktm; aod I boo.
 iWt m ton. Ihii tW Mi... Bt
 IxMle, and
 stir, and sctmrty, that supports itsrtf
 At one peZd'l
 five tunes on a Sunday,
 jJJJ? iss u,i
 mr b»la, and would h.r. called to
 here: whereas, tf they were to look at
 am now, they would cull me an idle,
JOHN.DICK.IPmh 1 I** 1
WHOLE NO. 6i:
lounging fellow. Ho make* a wraoe
 on Saturday—ho geta into hit study*—
 ho walks from ood to end—ho schbUon
 on a scrap of paper—ho throws it away d
 and scribbles on another—ho takas*
 snuff—he sits doom—scribbles again—
 walks abont.” The man cannot son
 that here is an exhaustion of the spirit,
 which, at night, will loam mo worn to
 the extremely of endurance. Ho can
 not see the numberless efforts of mind,
 which are crossed and stifled, and re
 coil on the spirits; like the fruitless ef
 forts of s traveller to get a firm footing
 among the ashes on the steep sides of
 Mount Etna.
JUSTICE.
 In this God’s-world, with its wiM
 whirling eddies and mad foam-oceans,
 where men and natioos perish as if
 without law, and judgment for an un
 just thing Is sternly delayed, dost thou
 think that there is therefore no justice?
 It is what the fool hath said in his heart.
 It is what the wise, in all times, they
 were wise because they denied, and
 knew forever not to be. I tell thee
 again there is nothing else but justice.
 One strong thing I find here below: the
 just thing, the true thing. My friend,
 if thou hadst all the artillery of Wool
 wich trundling at thy hack in support of
 an unjust thing; and infinite bonfires
 visibly waiting ahead of thee, to blaze
 centuries long for thy victory on be
 half of it, —I would advise thee to call
 halt, to fling down thy baton, and say,
 “In God's name, No!” Thy ‘sutces?’
 Poor devil, what will thy succes amount
 to? If the thing is unjust, thou hast
 not succeeded; no, not though bon
 fires blazed from North to South, and
 bells rang, and editors wrote leading
 articles, and the just thing lay trampled
 out of sight, to all mortal eyes an abol
 ished and annihilated thing. Success?
 In a few years thou wilt be dead and
 dark, —all cold, deaf; no blaze of bon
 fires, dingdong of bells or leading ar
 ticles visible or audible to thee again
 to all forever: What kind of suc
 cess is that?— Carlyle.
Rights of Married Women.—A
 movement is in progress at Albany, to
 enlarge, still more, the rights of mar
 ried women to property.
 The Judiciary Committee of the
 Senate propose the following amend
 ment to the celebrated bill of last win
 ter for the protection of the property of
 married women:—
 “Any married female may take by
 inheritance, or by gift, grant, or be
 quest, from any person other than her
 husband, and to hold to her sole and
 separate use, and convey and devise
 real and personal property, and any
 interest or estate therein, and the rents,
 issues, profits thereof, in the same man
 ner, and with like effect, as if she were
 unmarried, and the same shall not be
 subject to the disposal of her husband,
 nor liable for his debts; and any such
 married women may take real property,
 or any interest or estate therein, by
 grant from her husband, and the rents,
 issues and profits thereof, anc! hold the
 same to her sole and separate use, and
 with like effect as if such husband and
 wife were unmarried; and such pro
 perty shall not be subject to the dispo
 sal of such husbaQd, lior be liable for
 any debts contracted or liabilities in
 curred by him, after the evidence or
 deed of such grant shall be recorded in
 the office of the clerk of the county
 where such property is situated."
New use of the Telegraph.—A
 successful experiment upon the tele
 graph between this city and Philadel
 phia, made here by the distinguished
 astronomer, Sears C. Walker, and
 Prof. Locke of the Ohio Medical Uni
 versity, demonstrates its utility in as
 certaining the difference of longitude
 between any two points upon this line.
 Prof. Locke, we learn, has devised a
 plan of connecting the machinery of a
 clock with the telegraph in such a man
 ner that its beats may be heard or
 registered on the running fillet of paper
 that receives telegraphic impressions at
 every station. In this way, it can
 mara simultaneously at each station and
 both extremities, the hours, minutes
 and seconds, and also, says the Gazette,
 the exact fraction of a second at which
 a star or other celestial body passes
 the meridisn at either place. In this
 way the differencs of time, and of
 course of longitude between two points
 can be ascertained with the greatest
 accuracy.
 It is remarkable that the tickings of
 the clock, when in communicatioo with
 the wire, can be heard alone the line
 from Cincinnati to Philadelphia with
 perfect distinctness.
 Prof. Locke's plan of connection,
 we understand, is original, ingenious,
 and far more simple thao any others
 that have been suggested.— Cm. Qlobt.
Tax Faxt Man.— Man is not free
 while sinful pleasures sod corrupt de
 sire* control his heart. Ignorance is
 bondage. Vicious habits are chains,
 and that soul is imprisoned which
 dwells in a bosom bearing with the
 volcanic fires of passion.
 How many minds attempt to drag
 through the world these
 oot sufficient light mhavm~tL
 V en»» to fetter bout, or
 o«or mo. bo. nnel, pmmH;
 violence done to notare to letter the
 miad, cutting off the power to do good,
 or to be happy, when that mind do*-’
 I senses elements within, and a thousand
 sources without, from which to draw
 *f* A* «Ml »fco btnUi,
 rjr P” Lo* hm trboTk
 darkoaaa, reaohra to riitoo'oatroootk
 ra«M himaalf .bow KIISW
"
