"Commutucatume.
The Sprint Time of LUc.
 IVw is perhaps no simile of more frequent
 application, or which contain* ntoie Uuth,
 ;hin that w hich compare* the season of youth
 in the life of man with that of sprlhg in the
 outward creation. Not only is there in youth
 hoovancy and the brightness, the ever
 rhangmg sunshine and shade of the venial
 hours hot there is also a ytik closer resem
 blance in tin* bunting forth of the fresh young
 Me. and the rapidity and activity of its de
 velopment. In natare, ami in the soul of
 man, spring is a wonderful and beautiful sea
 *on. Feselon, in Ins Telemachus, tells us.
 that they e&amp;v in spring in the cold regions ot
 Scvthia, that they hear the noise of vegeta
 tion.” This is but a figure of speech to sig
 nify the rapid change they experience from
 w inter to summer; but it i* »f 81 equal
 application to the marvellous heart of man
 as to those countries where nature taken but
 tew days to throw off her snowy mantle, and
 clothe herself m her green and glorious sum
 mer garb.
 Have we not all felt something of it when
 the fairy dreams of childhood are last melting
 away before the -timmer breath of truth and
 reality, and a new light is shed upon all
 things— when we wake up to the reality of
 life, and recognize, for the first lirne, our true
 relations to our fellow-men, to nature, and to
 ]jke the enchanted halls ol trost,'
 where the iee-kmg loves to revel, which fade
 away with the moon-beams that lighted them, j
 in the ruddy rooming ray, so ihe pictures and
 visions oT our infancy vanish away one atter
 anoiher; and we have hardly time to mourn
 thetr lot*, ere we discern by the growing
 light of day, yet fairer and far loftier scenes,
 which our health tell us are realities— sternly
 oiand mountain summits, which lead the eve
 heavenward, and a voice within is heard cry
 mg, Excelsior Then is the period of
 earnest and high aspiration a deep, burning,
 and almost painful longing pervades 0111
 w hole being; a tempestuous torrent of thought
 and feeling passe? through the soul. W e fee)
 attracted in some directions, and repelled in
 others, we scarcely know or inquire where
 fore, till at length, as in a glorious vision, the
 unknown somewhat” after which we have
 been striving becomes dearly defined lietore
 our mental eye, and in the far-off' regions of
 the Infinite, the misty yet god-ltke forms of]
 Beauty, Truth and Love are revealed to our!
 longing gaze. But like the vision of Alaslor, I
 these soul-ravishing forms elude our waking
 grasp, and we have long and painful wander
 ings to endure ere we find, to our heart scon
 tent, the object of our earnest search. Like
 the wilderness traveller in a dry and thirsty
 land,” we are incessantly deceived by the
 transitory splendors of the mirage which
 seems to bear the form we long for, but flies
 away as we approach, and leaves us nought
 but the barren sands oi the desert. r l bus it
 is willi us whilst we seek for the perfection of
 Beauty, Truth, and Love in the outward and
 earthly sometimes they seem to stand re
 vealed before us in the wondrous creations of
 the human intellect and imagination some
 times in the radiant forms and hues that na
 ture wears when she lias passed through the
 alembic of man’s mind, and become trans
 figured on the canvass or in the almost
 breathing marbleagain we think we have
 found all that our hearts lung for in the grand
 simplicity, the surpassing loveliness, or the
 wild sublimity that clothe our earthly abiding
 place as with a garment and at other mo
 ments we believe to find concentrated in some
 human form, and heart, and mind, that which
 we have vainly sought elsewhere. But yet
 alter all these w anderings, the mind returns
 dissatisfied to itself, with only increased long
 ings, as the traveller proceeds on his desert
 pilgrimage with a yet more burning thirst, as
 he passes well after well that yields him no
 water, or only an impure and limited supply.
 But we are not long left to wander hope
 lessly fur like the same traveller who, well
 nigh oulwearied with pursuing the deceitful
 mirage, pr hastening to the dried up well,
 comes at last upon gushing fountains of pure,
 abundant water, so the thought—say rather
 the knowledge, rushes upon the soul, that all
 that it has sought so long, wearied and
 thirsting in the deserts ot earth—even the
 glorious perfection of Beauty, Truth, and
 L o ve—is to be found m God—in him alone—
 and in hint forever. Thus an inexhaustible
 fountain is opened to man, and he is invited
 there to drink and satisfy those ardent long
 ings for which none of the shallow wells of
 earth was sutficient. Thus, then, the aspira
 tions that burn m the soul in the season of
 youth, tend, if rightly followed, upward; and
 by leading to God, prove that they come from
 his hand, and that he implanted them for the
 well-being of his creatures and his own glory.
 The Germans have given to these longings
 the name of Heiinweh,” or home-sickness; j
 and it is these which have originated thej
 thoughts of pre-existence, which, like aj
 formless but heaven tinged cloud, float j
 around every mind that is turned inward to'
 comprehend its own mysterious being. For
 the question arises, W hence comes this Heim
 wt*h, if we have no memory, however sha-j
 dowy and indistinct, of that fair Fatherland j
 towards which we are journeying f This
 query is amongst the many whose solution is
 hid from us by the veil of mortality, and can
 never be satisfied rill the veil ts laid aside for
 ever.
 Thou hast the dew of thy youth,’ ex
 claimed the poet prophet of Israel, when,
 in rapt and glorious vision the Redeemer ot j
 man was revealed 10 his adoring gaze. Very
 precious is this dew of our youth, and blessed
 aie they upon whose spirits it remains long.
 Alas! that it should be so often and so early
 absorbed, even where it has beemed most
 abundant, by the glaring sunshine of pros-J
 parity, or sullied by the dust of care, that I
 alike fall upon the lugh-ways and by-ways of,
 ide 1 Naught but the overshadowing wing!
 ut our Heavenly Father’s love, or, it Jltj
 please to appoint it, the cloud of souow and
 trial, can preseive to the'soul this early dewy
 freshness. l oo soon jhe high ideals and I
 loity aims that till the youthful heart are lost,'
 amid the thronging interests, the fiery con j
 tests, ihi selfish dealings of the world.— i
 Happy ib it for those w ho, having once tasted
 tire pure streams of ihe Ktcrnal Fountain
 ftjeet forever ihe brackish waters of the
 Wilderness—who, having gazed once upon
 the transcend ant ladiauceof the Beauty, Truth
 kt *d Lot« of Guo, are so ravished bv ibe
 dazzling view, Hint heiicetorill the meteor j
gleam* of earthly pteaaare appear in their
 true light; tad even life’* happiest sad most
 heatenlike jo?* only as star*, given by a
 Father's hand to illuminate the night of earth,
 and fade away in the dawn of the eternal
 morning. H. M. P.
!i«|f&lt;il&gt;uiv or New Jener.
 A lull was pres*© ted by Mr. Dill, from
 Alfred Gibbs Campbell, of the city of Tren
 ton. on last Thursday, asking a aaeeaaioa of
 the Mate of New Jemey from the Union, on
 the (pound that inhabitant# of New Jersey,
 who are unfortunately negroes, cannot travel
 South but with great danger to their liberties'
 and lives—that Northern men dare not ea--
 press their honest sentiments at the Sooth j
 without the same danger, in contravention
 with the spirit and letter of the Constitution. j
 The petition described the progresaef Sothern
 slavery. It was exceedingly respectful in its
 tone.
 Mr Kyerson moved that the petition be’
 returned to the petitioner. It was a disgrace)
 to the House and to the State.
 Mr. Nixon having been engaged in ita'
 reading, asked whether it contained anything:
 disrespectful to the House; if not, we are
 bound to receive it. He would advocate the
 most enlarged right of petition.
 Mr Ryerson was opposed to countenancing
 any petition asking the dissolution of the
 Union.
 Mr. Redmond was surprised at the motion
 of Mr. Kyerton. denying as it did, the right
 to petition respectfully on any subject, or
 from any source.
 Mr. Nixon said no one in the House could
 go further than he against the sentiments con
 tained in the petition. It breathed treason in
 its very face yet the right of petition was a
 sacred one. We are not the tribunal to de
 cide what are grievances. The people are.
 We must listen to their petitions, and either
 grant or deny them.
 Mr. Ryerson replied, when we first took
 our seat upon this floor, we took an oath to
 support the Constitution of the United States,
 and this State how then can we entertain this
 without violating these oaths l To receive it,
 implies an endorsement of its sentiments.
 Mr. Redmond remarked that this case
 stands in the right of petition, which has
 been so much discussed in Congress, and like
 the matter there,it was clear that our reception
 of it would be no evidence of our approval of
 its sentiments.
 The motion to return it to the petitioner
 was agreed to —26 to 13.
Mr. Editor would give you the mystic
 interpretation of the above petition, were I
 able. This |&gt;etition is rather difficult of com
 prehension. 1 do not believe it rightly set
 forth its object. Is Jersey so much better
 than the other slaveholding States, that we
 should desire separation Would it allay her
 prejudice against us? Would it emancipate
 her slaves? Would it. open her seminaries,
 colleges and universities to the colored people*
 Would the pulpit, the bar, and the legislative
 halls be opened to those who were worthy,
 without distinction of caste? I think not.—
 We do not love New Jersey because she is
 our home neither do we venerate her be
 cause she is our country. She has never
 treated us as men. When she “shakes off the
 old man and his deeds," then we will begin
 to trust iu her. She has always been an
 ardent supporter of tbe“ peculiar institution”
 —a watch-dog for the Southern plantations
 and unless she shows her faith by her works,
 we will not believe in her.
 I do not understand the petition. What
 .was the petitioners object? Will he give up
 more light? J. S. ROOK.
 Salem, N. J., Feb. 14, 1849.
Florence Settlement.
 Agreeably to notice, Mr. Stephen Myers,
 General Agent of the Florence Settlement
 Company, delivered an address in the Second
 Congregational Church, Pittsford, Mass., on
 the evening of the Bth inst. Although at the
 time it was snowing very fast, and the wind
 blowing a perfect hurricane, the attendance
 was quite large and the enthusiasm which
 seemed to pervade all present with reference
 to the proposed settlement, argued much in'
 favor of the success of the cause. The ad
 dress occupied nearly two hours in the deliv
 ery, and it was listened to with profound in
 terest. The arguments which he (tho’
 unadorned by the graceful flourishes of rhe
 toric,) brought conviction to the minds of all
 present. There was quite a large number
 who engaged lots, and intend to move on
 shortly.
 The meeting was called to order by Mr.
 Hunt. Mr. David S. Thomas was appointed
 Chairman, and Andrew W. Stewart Secre
 tary. Iha following resolutions were sub
 mitted to the meeting, and adopted unani
 mously
 Resolved, That we view this movement on
 the part of the colored people of the State of
 New Yoik, to form a settlement in the town
 of Florence, as worthy of our highest com
 mendation, and the sympathy and unanimous
 co-operation of the colored people of this town
 and county.
 Resolved, That the opportunity presented
 to the colored Farmers and Agriculturalists of
 the county of Berkshire to go out and pur
 chase the lauds offered them for sale by Gerrit
 I Smith, should be embraced by them at thq
 earliest possible convenience.
 Resolved, That when considered in a poli
 tical point of view, it is the imperative duty
 of every colored man of Massachusetts, who
 is a lover of political equality, of civil and
 religious freedom, and of free institutions in
 general, to emigrate to that settlement, and
 the other lands to be obtained, and join hands
 wilh their colored brethren of that State to
 I break down the prejudices and political ine
 j qualities which ik&gt;w hang like a pall around
 j them.
 Resolved, That the munificence displayed
 jby Gerrit Smith in appropriating certain
 amounts of land to the oolored people of the
 State of New York, and the avenue which
 he has opened to the colored men of other
 States to come out aud purchase, thereby
 1 forming among themselves a Union calculated
 i to elevate their condition'mentally, morally, 1
 ami politically, cannot be dwelt upon too ex- 1
 travagandy. He has by these noble acts en
 deared himself to the colored people through
 out the United States—has, in his ardent de
 sire for their elevation, become, as it were,
 ONE OF them, and for which they will ever
 hold his name in grateful remembrance.
 Resolved, That the labors of Mr. Stephen
 Myers in tfie csuse of human progress and
 elevation, and sbe address he has favored us
 with tins evening, are objects alike worthy of
 our sincercat ihajp* and highest consideration.
 Resolved, That tbs minutes of this meeting
 be published m the North Star, New York
 Tribune, and impartial Citiaen, Albany.
 ANDREW STEWART, Sec’y.
 Fittsfield, Mass., Feb. 9, 1848.
(Prow P—efc.)
 “A FewD»n»■ A* Di«U*«
 Landed at St. Francisco, after a ’taros)
 towin' gf five raootha. Thia n owning Um»'
 the small eeod of the Hom, I reek on. and
 there oagkt to be pretty considerable some on
 the other aide, to nake up for leerin' my
 dry good* store and family fines in Broad
 traded with a Down-Faster, who U makin’
 tracks for the settlements, with 30,000 dol
 lars in his carpet-bag, for a spade, jerk,
 scoop, and washin’ trough—gtrin’ 000 dollars
 for the plunder, and glad to get it, as loeresse
 Niles Flint, of Salem. Maw., went 750, sod
 he is a 'tamal old how at a deal.
 Swopped my traps and blankets, s quarter
 cask of pickled pork, and a demijohn of
 peach brandy, whieh 1 had laid io, for sis
 pounds gioooine gold. Pretty considerable
 smart tradin.’
 Totted my tools to Hiram K. Doughboy’s
 boarding shanty, and settled with him for
 blankets and board at 30 dollars per diem.
 Cats wampus prices here, that's a fact; but
 everybody’s got more dust than he knows
 what to do with.
 Off to the diggins with a party; mighty
 small potatoes most of ’em; all sorts and
 colours, and everlashn’ ragged—Bay-states
 men, Back-woodsmen, Buckeyes from Ohio,
 Homes from Kentuck, Cape Cod Whalers,
 St. Francisco Indians, Impetus from Santa
 Cruz, Texan Volunteers, Philadelphia
 Quakers, a Latter-day Samt, six Irish Sym
 pathizers, twelve Yankees, as many British
 ers, a squad of Deserters, a Blackfoot Guide,
 a Methodist Parson, and a Mormon Elder.
 A ’tarnal nigger tried to join us, but got
 cow-hided.
 Struck diggins, and sot to serious washin’;
 girson began to ask a blesstn’, but seein’
 lias T. Forks, of Orangeburgh, N. Ca.,
 netpiir miuaeir, parson cut it short off, and
 we went to work, like niggers at cane liom’,
 agreein’ to dig in company, and sharpe profits.
 Cotched the Quaker sunnin’ himself, and
 takin’ kink out of his back with a Havannah.
 Convened a meetin’, cow-hided Quaker, and
 at it again. Gold lyin’ about like earth-nuts,
 and riddlin’ through the water like hail storm
 in a sherry-cobbler.
 Sounded the conch for grub, and found
 nobody got any thing, but that ’cute old coon,
 Zerubbabel W. Peabody, of Staten Island,
 who had brought a bag of biscuit and some
 meat fixins. The varmint wouldn’t sell a
 notion undei an ounce of dust, and sacked
 the whole bilin.
 To w ork again totted up at sundowm, and
 found we’d averaged 28 dollars per man. Got
 back to shanty but before that darned Hiram
 K. Doughboy would let me inside the door,
 forced to pay down 30 dollars for day’s board
 and lodgin.’ So wound up 2 dollars worse
 than in the mornin’. Calcilated to camp out
 in future, cut Hiram, and work on my own
 hook, havin’ realized that Socialism ain't no
 go in gold diggin’. Asked Hiram why he
 didn’t go out with his bowie knife and wash
 ing pail. Hiram sniggered, and said he
 wam’t greedy, and preferred helpin’ folks in
 his shanty. Hiram usen’t to be such a oon
 carned fool.
 Started alone—havinmpwopped the gold 1
 got from Down-Easier yesterday for one
 blanket, half quarter-cask of pork, and half
 demijohn of brandy. Must convene that I’ve
 lost 50 per cent, by bargains; but a cargo of
 new diggers having just come in from Panama,
 great demand for such fixins. and forced to
 give tvhat that old flint of a Down-Easter
 chose to ask He’s made considerable some
 by bis trade, that’s a fact, and 1 doubt if he
 could have done better at the diggins.
 Made a great day—bavin’ sacked 40 dollars
 at least. Got sorter lost, and found, when I
 tracked back to the tree where I’d cached my
 plunder, that those ’tarnal Ingines bad ab
 squatulated with blanket, pork, and brandy.
 Luckily I’ve got my tools.
 Spent the night under a cotton tree; mighty
 sharp set in the mornin’, having eat nothin’
 since yesterday at 12. Struck the trail of
 Zerubbabel VV. Peabody, and traded with
 him for some bread and pork doin's for which
 the everlaslin’ old skinflint made me come
 down cruel, cleanin' me out of all I'd raised
 yesterday.
 Zerubbabel says lie ain’t diggin’, but goin’
 about with a provision and liquor store. It’s
 amazin’ how long-headed men like Zerubbabel
 can be such darned idiots.
 I’ve got out of the track of the settlement,
 and into a prime diggin’—all to myself—
 where the lumps of gold run as big as pigeons’
 egg 9, and lie as thick as hailstones in Broad
 way, after a come-down in the fall. But I’m
 darned weak for want of grub, and so rheu
 matic with campin’ qut that it’s quite a
 caution.
 Two days without seein’ food —gold get 9
 more abundant than ever.
 (Extract From the St. Francisco Star.)
 Yesterday some Indians from the up
 diggings came to the settlement with a man
 whom they had found lying insensible further
 up the St. Sacramento than any of our diggers
 have yet penetrated.’ He had a bag by his
 side, which contained 18,000/. in dust and
 lumps of the precious metal; but the Indians
 exacted most of it for bringing him back to
 the settlement. He was fearfully emaciated;
 and in another 12 hours the adventurous trea
 sure-seeker mu9t have perished of hunger.”
There are many persona who become the
 more attractive and agreeable the more eyes
 there are upon them, not from vanity, but
 because the general approbation gives them
 confidence, and excites them. Others are far
 the more pleasing when in the company of
 but one person, if their ideas and tastes agree.
 This much depends on w hat talents are pos
 sessed, even on the physical powers. He
 who is clever, who can give strilung answers,
 who has an elegant way of expressing his
 thoughts, or even a finely-toned voice, is
 quite at ease in a large circle. When serious
 ness and sensibility are predominant, when
 the conversational powers are not sparkling,
 and when the voice is low, then few listeners
 are preferred.
Save the Corn Cobs!—The editor of the
 Poughkeepsie Journal and Eagle says he has
 used corn cobs in lieu of charcoal, for more
 than a year, and remarks From our expe
 rience in ihe use of cobs, we are convinced
 they are worth quite as much, bushel for
 bushel, as the best charcoal, the same quan
 tity will kindle a fire in less time.” If this
 is the case, it would be well for our farmers
 to bring them into the city for sale.
Excellence.—The true way to excel io
 any work, is to propose the brightest and
 most perfect example for our imitation. We
 must improve by the attempt, even though we
 fall short of the full share of perfection
 Tillotson.
The Begging Profession.’’ At a
 recent meeting of the Wesleyan Missionary
 Society, the Rev. Mr. Branch said tint a
 short time since he visited a room in West
 minster, where he saw a woman with a dying
 child in her arms. Commiserating the wretch
 ed creature’s condition, he inquired into her
 histoiy and tier means of livelihood, and, m
 answer to his questions, she replied, Oh,
 Sir, my sufferings are great, and so are those
 of my child; but when my child is gone, 1
 know not what to do.” But, observed Mr.
 Branch, 44 it will he a happy release for you
 and your child, aa you can make no exertioos
 while you are burdened with ben *‘Oh,
 dear, Sir,” said the mother, 44 When she’s
 gone, 1 11 have to pay »d. a-day for another
 child, while she ouats we nothing. Unless I
 do so, I’D earn nothing by begging,' for it is
 the children that excite compassion.” In
 another room in the house Mr. Branch found
 forty beggars, vagabonds and rogues, male
 and ternsle, young, old, lame, and blind,
 gathered round a fire, all relating their ex
 ploits, and pfenning for their next attacks.
 If you wish to be happy keep busy. Idle
 new is harder work than ploughing a great
 deal. There is more fun in sweating an hour
 than in yawrung a ceutury,
Cttfptefs f turn English Papers.
 The SusuAatNaljttnwuPii.—The feUow
 inf diactiptiun of thkfcst experiment with
 the submarine telegraph, fmo the London
 Times:
 Upwards of two miles of win wen car
 ried out in a small bos! sod submerged in the
 ses along the mouth of the harbour and at
 the side of the pier. One eod of the wire
 was connected *ith a telegraphic instrument
 on the deck of the steamer, and the other
 end with the telegraph wire commits testing
 with London. The iriangemeats hating
 been completed, about half-past 12 the tele
 graph was placed in cooununtcatioa with
 London, and a message was sent to the
 chairman of the South-Eastern Cotqpany to
 apprise him that the experiment was entirely
 successful. A private message from the Tiroes,
 reporter was then made front London to Mr.
 Walker, (the inventor) on board the steamer.
 Both messages passed through the couple of
 miles of wire payed oat" at sea and in the
 hatbour. A continued correspondence was
 then kept up between the Princess Clemen
 tine and the stations of London. Ashford,
 and Tunbridge, which was continued with
 the roost perfect success at intervals for three
 or four hours, messages being interchanged
 between the steamer and all those stations.
 The bells at the electric telegraph offices at
 Tunbridge and London-bridge were vigorous
 ly rung by the instrument on board the
 Princess Clementine, and no greater difficulty
 was experienced in making the signals with
 the submarine wire than with the ordinary
 wires on land.
 The wire employed was of the total length
 of 3,600 yards, and was made in accordance
 with a suggestion from Mr. Walter, in
 order to obviate the difficulty experienced in
 working the telegraph wises m tunnels, where
 they are exposed, not to the etfhcts of damp
 and yater merely, but to water impregnated
 with earthy matters and with acid vapours
 from the engine, causing a communication be
 tween the wires and allowing portions of the
 current to escape to the earth. The size of
 the wire used is No. 16 copper wire, and its
 thickness when covered with gutta percha is
 nearly a quarter of an inch in diameter.
 An extraordinary case of self-destruction
 has just occurred at Berlin. The dead body
 of a man was found at daylight, by ihe con
 stabulary, in a sitting position, on one of the
 benches in the Thier-garten. From an ex
 amination, it appeared that the man must
 have placed a small packet in his mouth, set
 light to it, and thus blown his head to pieces.
 —Birmingham Mercury.
 A Sublime Character.— At the County
 Petty Sessions, on Friday last, a young wo
 man, summoned for stealing wearing apparel,
 produced the following character to the
 bench:—“The Bearer mary Chasen acted
 As house peeper for me one year her Char
 acter was very sublime and Exemplary to the
 Capacity of any indevedual Temple martin,
 December 20, 1648,” —Notwithstanding the
 sublimity of her character, the young lady
 was committed for trial. —Kilkenny Journal.
 The Operative Classes in Paris.— La
 Prcsse states that on the sth of January there,
 were in Paris 24, 833 operatives of various
 crafts lodging in separate establishments. Of
 this number 16,701 were employed, and 6,132
 out ot work. In the month of December,
 1648, the number was 26,150, of whom 18'-
 231 were employed, and 7,910 unemployed.
 It is needless to observe that the operatives
 lodging in separate establishments represent
 only minimum part of the operative classes of
 Paris.
 Douglas Jerrold is, we understand, quit
 ting the editorship of the paper establishd in
 his name. The tone of its currency articles
 was sufficient to neutralize the power of almost
 any writer seeking to serve the true cause of
 the people. Punch will doubtless gain by
 bis undivided attention to its political articles.
 Weekly Dispatch. a.
 A Young gentleman from Australia, who
 was on a visit to his friends in Scotland, died
 at Goven from inhaling chloroform. Ills
 great toe-nail hail grown into the flesh a
 surgeon was to operate upon it, and chloro
 form was administered the patient almost
 instantly expired- —Birmingham Mercury.
 The Loss caused by Game, says a Not
 tingham paper, upon a farm is estimated at
 3s. per acte —no triffling addition to the rent;
 but this is not all—the poacher costs the
 farmer, if in Southwell House of Coriection,
 Is. 6d. per day, or 10s. 6d. per week and
 then, if he has a wife and family, those also
 have to be supported in the union-house, at
 his expense also. Such is the working of
 the game laws.
 Chaps. A young lady” writes to know
 how she is to avoid chapped hands during the
 cold weather. We hardly know*. If she
 attracts the chaps by her eyes, she must expect
 some difficulty in getting them off her hands.
 Bum. Mercury.
 A Guano Embalmed Child. —The other
 day, the mummy of a male child, found im
 bedded in a vast deposit of Peruvian guano,
 near Africa, was brought from that port to
 Liverpool by the barque Oetavia. fn the
 deposit were found three bodies, supposed to
 be those of a father and mother, and this
 child. The two adult bodies have been for
 warded to the British Museum. —Liverpool
 Journal.
 An Irish California. —An association has
 been formed to work the gold mines ofj
 Wicklow and Wexford, as the discoveries in j
 California have turned attention to gold-seek-,
 ing. It is announced that more than twen-j
 ty trials, during three months’ labour, have
 pioved that aunfeious deposit in Ireland oc-
 cupies an area of upwards of 100 square
 miles in the counties of Wicklow and ex-!
 ford. The gold is found in qaartz and black
 iron sand, as on the Western coast of Ameri-,
 ca; and it is said that by an improved method
 of working, sixteen men and women can
 wash 100 tons of sand a day, at an outlay of
 125.” The managing director of the associa
 tion is Mr. Win. R. Collett, who has taken
 a very active part in the extension of the
 railway system in Ireland. Irish Railway
 Gazette.
 War.— Voltaire thus expresses himself on
 the subject of war—“A hundred thousand
 mad animals, whose heads are covered w ith
 hats, advance to kill or to be killed by theif
 fellow-mortals, corered with turbans. By
 this strange proceedure, Jthey want to know
 whether a tract of land to which none of them
 has any claim, should belong to a certain
 man whom they call sultan f or another vihom
 they call Czar neither of whom ever saw, or
 ever will see, the spot so furiously contended
 for: and very few of those creatures w ho
 thus mutually butcher •each other, ever beheld
 the animal for whom they cut each other s
 throats! From tune immemorial, this has
 been the way of mankind almost all mtr w
 earth. What an excess of madness is this:
 and how deservedly might a y^ing
 crush to atoms this earthly ball—the bloody
 nest of such ridiculous murderers.
 A Significant Fact.—-Ah Italian from
 London ban been in Btdeford, during the past
 week vending models of the wgin Mirj
 and the saints, which commodities, it is saw,
 have commanded a mad? safe among the
 tractanan party in the chotrh. We hear
 that the models are of «6u«oe bmmty, ami
 fetch a guinea apiece.—-Wi Decern Jour.
 The only regeneration for Ireland
 argue* The Turns, uke a new start
 and learn to tell truth. Let her prierta no
 longer count hundred, for and no longer
 charge upon Government* the visitation* of
 j (Jo&lt;i.
 I It has been observed by Leigh Hunt that
 there are two, and hot cU “”j U
 community newspaper ■editor* and c aJv
 drivers—who never may indulge themselves
 with a holiday.
 Man consists in Truth:
 Tinth he expoans hwself
 t Troth, be betrays himsell e speak not
 here of he., boi of acting again* conviction.
Commercial
 Feb. SI, wiT
 Haaiarm hue bum qmte arm* darfaf the put
 week. We bm had fiw aal a number
 of team* have brew in from the country. No* wack
 •foing ta Floor. Weknvu beard «f oaten at ffi aad
 al 31 —Wheat at the beginning of duo week
 worth f 1 lk, bat mid in the mm oa Wudnodny
 aad TWiMiaj at f 1 12$. Bader ia quite pta**.
 aad has derliarti ia da price. OaU aald al M#
 28r.
Rochester Wholesale Price* Cane at.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Dorr 20 r »d vat
 Floor, P bid 5 030583
 Corn meal, p bush 5®
 PROVISIONS.—Duty ;B«*LParfc,Haae, Bacon.
 Butter aad Lard, 30 p c; (We 30 p c ad to
 Pork, (ness) 13 00, 0 13 00
 Do. ia hog 4 DO 4SO
 Beef, cwt. 350 0 4 fiO
 Do. bW. (piess) 700 80®
 Lard (tried) f h 7)
 Do. (leaf,) 0.. 6
 Hams (smoked) 7 O 8
 Shoulder?, do 53,, 0
 Turkeys plb 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bush. 38 0 50
 GRAIN—DuIy; 20 p c ad nl
 Wheat, Ui'h 1 )2|
 Corn 42 0 44
 Rye 50
 Oats 26 0 38
 Barley 50 S 3
 HIDES-—Duty; 5 p c ad tal
 Slaughter .3$
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pelts 12$ 3 25
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 if e; Mustard 30 P
 c ad ral
 Clorer 3 50
 Timothy 150 0
 Fla* 1 00
 FISH—Dut von foreign c-aught; 20 pc ad ral
 Whitefish Thbl «T»
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p hbl 1 06
 Apples, p hush .25
 Do. dried 62$
 Eggs, p dot ..15
 Beans, p bush 75 0 1 00
 Hay, p ton 10 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 'THE NORTH STAR OF FICE, is furnished
 A with new Job Type, for the execution of eTery
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, vi*:
 Hand-hills, __ Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bilk of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
f~IH ARLES JON IS, North Star House, No. 26,
 VV North Street,s between Fifth nnd Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848 3in49
New Watch and Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed I tin partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, Slate Street, where he is prepared
 successfully lo coui|iete in the sale of an entire new
 •Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold ami Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, S|»ectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Kktr-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Kings—a
 good assortment, cheap;*a variety of Ladies’ ami
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 .single Hunting gold ami plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 I test quality, Silver ami Shell Combs and Cases,'
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;c. &amp;c.
 The above ami a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in onr business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it ia particularly
 desired that llte goods should he examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accurdeons and 1
 oilier Musical Instruments, which will be sold very!
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eight-day, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 lie found in this city.—Call and see them.
 W ATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war-1
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in particular we would j
 give notice, that we Itave a variety of Barometer*!
 which will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his business to its j
 variation-*. Please call and example them, as every j
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. 6m.
Hair-Cutting and Dressing at
 RALPH FRANCIS’S Saloon, under the Eagle
 Buffalo-street ]ul 14—3 m
Asylum for the Sick who hare been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 yean.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anya lytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange-Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyze* every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate reineily. Although water is used in every way
 tliat is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy iu the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for tliat class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 otlter systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing nut a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 Tl»e remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the Coun
 try, who had neither walked or home their weight
 on their feet fiom five to fifteen years; and some
 w ho lave been unable to dress or undress, or even
 lo feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would lie walking with the elasticity of vouth and
 the quicknes* of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and ?urpri*iog their friends and all who saw J
 them when tlwy first came. The treatment of this j
 Institution if particularly calculated to remove the
 diseasespecnliar to females, such as
 Ist. Toe falling of the Womb, in ail its stages
 and conditions iu patient., from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they h a re been confined 10,
 their bed* from one to twenty, una life to stand, walk,'
 dress, or andres* themselves, or even too feeble u&gt; l
 bear anv noise or -peak aloud. j
 2d. Weakness and Failing of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Bide, Shoulders, Back and Head; Spinal
 Diseases, Livei CumphiMi, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stage*, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of die Menses, Excessive
 Mens trout on, W bite*, all .Nervous Diseases, Odd
 Feet and .land., St. Anthony's Dasee, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Kteu m in its worst forms, Neural-j
 rm, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, f'ooswnptiod in J
 ru first ««gw. Oneral Weakness and Debility.
 The prcprietor hns given bis whole attention to j
 the above disease* {hr the but lea yean, and has
 treated them m&lt; *0 entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution ia this j
 country and -“eh has been hit snccesa, and so err-1
 tain are bi» remedies ia ihrir effects an those dis
 eases, that uhOj.l fMabHshtng a lung list of ar
 liked core*, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtaiu ihrir health a eaffceieot gnarantee,
 against am MW pmeosioas, exaggeration, impo
 *iti*a or so that no one need he to any
 expense m thi* Institution without bring bailing
 The proprietor will enter into a spnriai runt met
 with any one mho withes in do no, that he will ad
 nut iota the Institution, to advance the uuuwy awl
 pay *U the expenses from any past of the Uattsrf
 Msl#« bere and hack bom* again, before he tom-
 metier* the umunem.aad give a bond to bawd theta,
 tsgethei with hi# professional services, for anthugi,
 if he dog* not help them awarding to cant ran. Any
 one thinking the afao*e propnattiun not a auffeiaut
 gtmrantev sgaiust ao*nqM mentations and expense
 without nmeiving equal benefit, tan let the proprie
 tor know what will fan mifottwy, and it that be
 duly etm siderrd.
 All romnumieatioa. addressed ts Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, pant paid, will receive
 K^»ATsauar&gt;g
 tutios andafon gaud references as to mpuanbibty
 tdtlwjsuprkaer to Janet the above) expense*, it
ftOOKS. Jtr., For Sale M ike AlTt-8»m,7
 AJOrrirc kßt«Dt*c Roott, N*. ww*®
 a f **trri nsmnoiH ike Arcade
 Narrative «7rrv3Swk DougW*.
 Joaotteu Wetter.
 Portrait
 Hfe»»tor am Uneimnlilutiiiuntiiy ofSteverr.
 W. PhiOk* reply to do.
 Legfoa irLftnijr.
 Slavery Mkeewtodhy rtoeftw—Wn—■.
 Abo a rick variety 4 Fearv aad eerfai vteki
 wade by die Ladir Aati-Bkmy Snrirtv.
OR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would revpedfeßy inform the citizens of Rochester
 aad surround mw country, that I have removed my
 tin tram No. 89 Smith's Arcade to toy d wolfing
 house No. MMame Street.
 1 hnakfnl for pest Avon in the Use of my profrt
 •ioo, and flattened my self that I ran give perfect
 satisfaction to ol who way fovov we with their pa*
 troaage. I would iavite al those trim are de&gt;
 ■irow ofhaviag operatkm* performed oa the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call oa meaad satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All openusoas performed by am on ike
 teeth and Plate Work mummed.
 Rochester, Oct. IS. 1848. tf.
NEW rffMF FACTOR V.
 THE subscriber takes this method to inform the
 citiaeas of Rochester aad vie duty, that he has
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, where be will be happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience ia his line of
 business, be pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as can be procured
 at any other similar establishment in this city. His
 Poape are furnished with either wood or lewd pipe,
 as may suit customers. He ako suspplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to ail calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rater. AH kinds «f Pwnps espniesg «o
 order.
 ()CJ- The above work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 give him a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R FELT
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
Assignee's Sale,
 AS Assignee of Stephen A. Leach, deceased,
 I shall sell at Public Auction at the Ar
 cade Hall (opposite the Post Office) in the citv
 of Rochester, on the 9th day of April, 1848, at 12
 o’clock M., One undivided fourth part of all that
 tract or parcel of land situate in the Village of
 Honeove Falls, town of Mendon, County of Mun
 roe and State of New York, bounded and described
 as follows- Beginning at the west corner of a lot
 of land owned in the year 1843 by Ezra R. Ben
 ton, and now occupied by Asa Pride,, and on the
 Northerly line of Munroe Streel, thence along the
 line of said street north forty eight degrees, west
 one chain twenty and one half links to Robert
 Rand’s line; thence north forty-two degrees, vast
 at right angles with said street twoclia' ns and thirty
 nine links; thence north forty-eight degrees, west
 six feet and two inches; tbeuce continuing along
 said Ramd’s line north thirty-nine degrees, east one
 chain and sixty-two links to Harry Allen’s line;
 thence along his line south forty-eight degrees, east
 i one]chain; thence south thirty-four degrees fifteen
 1 minutes, west (along Raid AltßN’s line one chain
 sixty-four ami a half links; thence south forty-five
 degrees and forty-five minutes, east eighteen links;
 thence along said Benton’s line (now said Prides
 line) south forty-two degrees, west two chains and
 thirty-nine links lo the place of beginning, containing
 about half an acre of land, being the same premises
 conveyed hy said Leach to Jerome B. Fellows,
 by deed dated October 17th 1848, and recorded in
 Munroe county clerk’s office Oct. 19, 1848 at ten
 o’clock A. M., in lib. 82of deeds at page 172 The
 above described premises will be soil subject to a
 certain mortgage executed by said Leach to
 Ghari.es Paulk, dated lwh and recorded in
 Munroe County Clerk's Office On the 18th day of
 October 1848 at 10 o’clock A. M., in lib. 46 of
 mortgages at page 500.
 Dated February 15th 1849.
 6* Jerome B. Fellows, Assignee.
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Medi
 cines, Otetnicals, Dye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,
 Oils, Glassware, Brushes, Perfumery, Daguerreotype
 Stock, French and German t 'liemieals, Artists’
 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, Etherial Oil, Gold
 Leaf and Foil, Ac. Ac.
 Being Agents for most of the celebrated Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, and receiving the
 same directly from tlie Manufacturers or their Agents,
 they are enabled to supply all orders at wltolesale
 and retail, on tlie most favorable terms.
 Homoeopathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents for West
 ern New York.
 Also, Sherwood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etherial Oil and Lamps, for
 bunting the same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine these
 Lamps. The attention of Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, Families, and others, wishing goods in the
 above line, is requested at the APOTHECARIES’
 HALL, 4, Exchange Street.
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 ON and after Monday, 23d October the three Pass
 eager Trains will ne arranged as follows—
 Eastward. —To leave Rochester at 124 A.M.,
 11 a.m., and 74 c m.
 Westward.— To leave Auburn at 23m a.m.,
 4 3m a.m., and 4 3m p.».
 On and after tlie lot November, the fore between
 Rochester and Aulaim will be #2 20 in first class
 cars. Tickets will al.-io be sold entitling the holder
 to a seat in the Emigrant cars leaving Rochester at
 74 f. at., at reduced prices, to be published hereaf
 ter.
 These tickets are from Rochester to Syracuse,
 Utica and Albany only, going East. This train is
 timed to run to A lbany in 18 hours from Rochester.
 The other two trains are timed to run there dn 14
 hours each.
 WM. WILEY, Superintendent.
 Rochester, Oct, 20, 1848. 0
Beef—Beef—Beef J
 A A J. SHAW, Butchers, 3, Centre Market,
 to return their sincere thanks to the
 citizens of Rochester, for the liberal patronage be
 stowed upon them since they opened the above
 place. Moreover, it is their earnest desire, by
 strict attention to business, and keeping always 00
 hand an article of the first quality, to merit a still
 further extension of the patronage already so liber
 ally conferred upon them.
 N.B. They have at present on hand prize beef o
 the first ouality, fed by Mr. Murdoch, Fanner,
 Sandy creek, Orleans County, N.Y.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS,
NEW BOOKS.
 UOR SALE at the Anti-Slavery Depository, 21,
 A Cominll—namely,
 The Liberty Bell for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Life of Wiuiam W. Brown, 2d Edition, with addi
 tional matter and new engravings. Price, hound,
 371 cte; ia paper covers, 25 etn.
 Mr. Shackford’s Appeal ia regard to the War with
 Mexico, )2i rti.
 Position aad Duties of tlu&gt; North, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 cts.
 Six Mom be at Grarfeoherg. By Henry C. Wright.
 §l,OO. 5
 Dick CYowwagslueld, the assassin, aad Zachary
 Taylor, the Soldier; the Difference between
 them. By Henry C. Wright. 3 eta. ringfe; 26
 ets. per dozen.
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION-WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefiuory remarks on the infasinatal
 ahofrtioa of Shivery; a beautiful London edition,
 with a fine Portrait of dm Author, done oa steel,—a
 book which could not be imported for lean than three
 doflars, can he bad et 21, Corafciß, if applied for
 immediefleiy, at the very low prior of Ore Dollar,
 Alto, El LOOIL'M ON CLARKSON, by
 Alcxardrr CrvSmrll.m the redared price el
 twelve aad a half Crete.
MAC ON B. ALLEN, Atloraey aad Ceaweelev
 at Law, Maseachaaette Black.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WllilON, I§, Brittle Street, having
 made rectal addition* talfo —h m uezwied to
 frarawh BOYS’ ULOTHINO, of J geodmMetal
 and fit.«udM as cheapywiecu, aneaaaeobtaamdia
 the ruy.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 clothing STORE,
 TOWN WRIGHT turn constantly ea heed 1
 «J gnat variety of New aad ftteond Hand Cfcuhiag
 feomls of xU kiads, **rh as aid ckuhm, W. 1- f**
1 HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE subset Bwr hasremoved to that neat, cuuve-
 X aient, aad eeacralhoawlf bnusi, N«. 2| Central
 Cart, where he will he nt happy to we ho— —a
 of the Friends of Btfatt, at rrasorahte rhurfe*
 He wishes hi* house to ha the eeacral ptece m Boa
 fa, uteri tho hi on 4s of Ttoqtonaoa, reaca.Parwy,
 Freedow. the Pnouuor, fito-.toay meet toftokor.aad
 eajoy a rotofovtaMe aad qaaHhotoe.
 Central C«wl opens at Washing** toWto
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Am, If, 1848.
 THOMAS P. SMITH, No. JR Brawl# Straw.
 X sin of tka Guidon Ball. New aad Sraood
 fotod Clothing Store.
Tte Massac fcssetts QatrltrfylcTtev,
 COMMENCED oa the fiew of December, 1847,
 U® lw of March. June, ami
 •«d September. It w»U he devoted to the isumt
 of no party or dam, but its conductor* will radon
 w lo present aa opra aad ftur field for the aoCica
 aad d.sow.ioo of amnevo pmaiaia| to Phifosophv,
 PohtKN, Literal ore. Religion, aadHoamawv.
 Tbv Review wiU be condoned by R. W Ewer
 rna, Theod.se Parker, aad J. EUtot Cabot, asoioted
 other geatlevaea.
 number will coataia about lift pages, at tka
 prira of S 3 a year, in advance.
 Commonicaiions, sabacriptions, Ac. should be
 addressed to the Pubtiabers,
 COOLIDGE A WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Boston
ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Uw, Bra set’s BuildiaTW Street,
 Boston.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Outing Saloon,
 aad Perfumery Emporium, 114, Biarketooe-st. q
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, and for sale at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liherty, and Force of Truth, IDth
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, maid about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition. Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women,from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker—
 pp. 120. Price 18$ cents.
 Wm. W'. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE BMJTH, 93, West Broad
 way.
TJINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbery Streel, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and ou the most reasonable terms.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE,
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, woukl respectfully in
 form his friends and the public, that ho continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his "home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BF. RF.ADV IN A FEW DAYS,
 Wai.kkr’s Appeal, with a brief sketchof
 his life by Henry l fig bland Garnet.
 Also, Gar kkt’s Address w the Slaves of the Uni
 ted States. This address was rejeoted by the Na
 tional Convention at Buflhlo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and lliose who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled ThR
 Past and Present Condition or the Color
 XD Race, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
Genera! Intelligence Office.
 EO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish-
 vs ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard btreel, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may require them, and obtaining places for
 such a 3 are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to tlie following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted tlie use of their names as
 REFERENCES
 Anurew M’Makiu Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnul Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept.J, 1848. ly 36.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lame, pktin and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannel*,
 while and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuff*. Also lanen
 Drilling, lie.
 I-ong and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Waddina, white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, and Pulverised Sugar-
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stork exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchant*, as well as his friends aad the
 public generally.
 Mach pains i« token by the Manager* of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Satueriber to en
 large the as-ortawnt from lime to trine.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest earner Fifth and Chmi its
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Im, 1848. if
Free La tor Gatos.
 MA.NI FACTL RED by the American Free Pro*
 duct Association, aad for eafe at No. SI, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apvoo aad Fur
 niture; Cantos Flannel, unbleached Minim
 blenched aad unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thiaMoulm foe liaings, brown aad colorad;
 Bird Eye Towels; black aad white Wadding.
 Cotton Laps; Laasp Wick; Bad Ticking, aa ex
 cetieat article; Calico, Stocking*, Knitting Cotton.
 he- at■
 Order* (nr Goode, er fetters deriving informal ms,
 may be addressed to J. Miller Mr Kim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L- Miller, Twuh-smes; or to
 James Mott, No. 36, Church Alley.
 A large aad bnifaunm assortment of Prints now
 oahaad. yul-tf
ABti-Htarerv Mee,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, PhiJaJe^hio-
 A FULL Maevttmnl of anti-efevery pokUotwo*
 ia kept meet* ntty an lusf Bhw
 variety off mieeellaaenue yokMmuomo. sad ueeni
 aad Fairy Stationery
 All fetter* relating to the bueiaese &lt;4me tass
 to bl darted tol Mdfer McKsm,
 Fifth-street, PtrifedripW.
—^f E Delaware abolitionist.
 Hr Ur mm ills** imd wSfc
 x-nahtshed ea a half mil mm sheet, ai (treaty 4v»
 per year, er far twomy Dm uma 1 111. llwittbe
 deveted m euuuteiputiea ia Ddfoewe, aad will ad
 wau «u i f iiiißlifomiat by ail laatt means It
 etf *a pddiahed acmu-meafldy, if mauas avs’afe
 fitedtdijee efomi ea foe meaaa eaa ha ahtaiand
 jAMtS B. BROOKE
"
