"P oetrij.
For the Monk Sum.
 A THOUGHT.
 T«s a horrible idea to we.this tbonah* f*J**3
 h»»d in the cold ground. ofesa I ifcorf
 prefer that my body should be homed when d
 1 would mm lie don mi the gloomy earth.
 When my eoul hath taken itt hating
 I would not that my spirit’* glorious birth
 Should roaeiga the tone to aa cadlmt aifhl;
 I would mix agaia ia life’* changing roam!
 &gt;o, I would not drop ia the silent ground,
 t know that the freed spirit rareth nought
 For the ootworn body it leave* behind,
 Put atilt ’tie a dread and a fearful thought,
 That this finely-wrought nhhne of the death!?*
 mind
 Mint moaluer for aye io the silence aad gloom,
 Where nothing of life’s jovou- freshness aw come.
 There are forms of beauty in «ea and air,
 Tliere are rokei of mask ia ralley and grove,
 A nd the glad earth ia radiant everywhere
 With the joy of life and the joy of love.
 1 would not that e’en this frail dost should be laid
 Far from all earth's bright scenes, in the grave’t
 cold shade.
 Then build ye a funeral pyre for me—
 To the wreathing dames let this form he given.
 To move again in life’s cycle free,
 When the links that bind me to earth are riven:
 It Mtail live in new forms of beauty and pride,
 At the fair earth rolls on in tier circuit wide.
 FELICIA.
 TwistsaCßO, 0., Feb. 8, 1848.
From the Christian Citizen.
 THE FUGITIVE SLAVE.
 V ANDIE JONES.
 Night slumber* on the Chesapeake,
 And Cynostira’s silver ray,
 Kisses each billow’s dimpled cheek.
 That bears a fugitive away;
 Hope’s angel language (boo dost speak,
 A (Mi thou art lovelier to his eye,
 Although thy smile is pale and msek,
 Than all the splendors of the sky.
 A human spirit in him burns,
 And sheds its own immortal light,
 Tim shackles that would bind, it spurn*,
 And feel* th it freedom is its right,
 O how his restless spirit yearns,
 To flee the proud oppressor’s grasp,
 Yet pallid memory sadly turns,
 To tntise on Friendship’s farewell clasp;
 And bitterly to weep lor thoae,
 Within the house of tiondage Mill,
 Whom morning's break, andQtenirig’s close.
 Find subject to a tyrant’s will;
 Thus struggling with a thousand woes.
 While doubt and fears around him press,
 Frail nature pleading for repose,
 And terror cliecking weariness.
 Y et strong as life within his soul,
 That principle which will be free,
 Which w ill not liear unjust control,
 Though rough the path to liberty;
 Where Cynosura marks the pole,
 There will his eye unwearied stay,
 And he will dare the billows’ roll,
 While they will intercept his way.
 ’Tis freedom’s land—a place wliere ne’er
 The hunter comes in search of prey,
 Aiui though the Stunmer seison here,
 Is rather transient in its slay;
 Yet bright green foliage doth appear,
 About the little cottage eaves,
 And children too, are playing near,
 Half hid among the clustering leaves;
 They seem well able to enjoy
 The bliss of freedom, though so'young,
 And every little girl and boy
 Hath merry face and noisy tongus;
 .Say not lliat those of swarthy brow
 Ate fitted but for slavery’s chain,
 Till tlxSu hast asked yon freeman now,
 If he would be a slave again.
 Valley Forge, Penn. 1849.
NATURE.
 BY CHARLES NACKAY.
 1 remember the lime, thou roaring sea,
 When ih) voice was the Voice of Infinity—
 A joy, and a dread, and a mystery.
 1 remeintier the time, ye young May flowers,
 When your odors and hues in the fields and bowers,
 Fell on my soul, as on grass the showers.
 1 remember the time, thou blustering wind,
 When thy voice in tl»e woods to my dreaming mind,
 Seemed the sigh of the earth for human kind.
 I remember the time, ye sun and stars,
 When ye raised my soul from mortal bars,
 And bore it through heaven in vour golden cars.
 And has it then vanished, that dreadful lime?
 Are die winds, and ilie seas, and tlie stars sublime
 Deaf to thy soul in its manly prime?
 Ah no! all no! amid sorrow and pain,
 Wiien tlie world and its facts oppress my brain,
 In the world of spirit I rove—l reign!
 I feel a deep and a pure delight
 In tlie luxuries of sound and sight—
 In the opening day, in tlie closing night!
 The voice of youth goes with me still,
 1 tirough the field and tlie wood, o’er the plain, and
 ilie liill
 lii the roar of the sea, in tlie laugh of the rill;
 F.very flower is a love of mine,
 Every star js a friend divine—
 For me they blossom, for me they shine.
 To give me joy the oceans roll,
 They breathe their secrets to my soul;
 With me they sing, with me condole.
 Man cannot harm me if be would; j
 I have such friends for my every mood,
 la tlie overflowing solitude.
 Fate cannot touch me, nothing can stir,
 To put disunion or hate of her
 I wixt Nature and liar worshipper.
 Smg to iue, flowers; preach to me, skies;
 e h**ids&lt; ajies, glitter iu mine eyes;
 Whisper, ye deeps, your mysteries.
 Sigh to me, winds; ye lorests, nod;
 Speak to me e\er, thou flowery sod;
 t are mine—all mine—in the peace of God!
From Tlieodore Hook’s Remains.
 LINES TO
 The hour is come—the cherished |»our,
 When from the busy world set free.
 I seek at length my lonely bower,
 And muse in silent thought on tiiee.
 And, oh! how sweet to know that still,
 Tt otigh severed from thee widely fsr,
 t &gt;ur minds tlie self-same thought can fill—
 Our eye* yet seek the self-same star.
 C 'ompubroil from its destined course
 The magnet may awhile detain;
 but when no more withheld by force.
 It trembles to its north again.

 Thus, though the idle world may hold
 My lettered thoughts awhile from thee,
 To thee Urey spring, when uncontrolled,
 In all the warmth of liberty?
 Fire faithful dove, where’er by day,
 Tlirough fields of air her pintoaa rove,
 Hidl seeks, when daylight dies away,
 The shelter of her native grove.
 Ho at this aim, this silent hodr
 Whale’er the daily scenes I set.
 My heart (its yoyla»s wanderings s’er)
 Returns unaltered still to the*.
Selections.
THE MOIfBTEE tTHTKILED.
 “Poor thing! I do feel for her.
 Though ibeii i perm I never saw,
 yet hers seems a case of such opprea
 ,M* °f* hand, and such patient
 suffering on the other, that one cannot
 but”—
 “Oh, 1 daresay you'll see her in
 the rooming, for she often steals oat
 then, when the wretch, I suppose, is in
 bed.’*
 But what could have induced a
 girl to tie herself to such a wisp
 “Well, I don’t know; the old story,
 I suppose—fake appearance; for no
 girl in her senses could have married
 a man with his habits, if she had known
 him beforehand. There is sometimes a
 kind of infatuation about women, 1
 allow, which seems to blind them to the
 real character of the man they'are in
 love with; but in thk case 1 don’t think
 she could have known how he conduct
 ed himself, or she certainly would have
 Eaused in time. Oh, wretch, I
 ave no patience with him
 This little dialague took place in one
 of those neat, bright, clean-windowed,
 gauzy-curtained houses, which form so
 many pretty districts within a walking
 distance of the heart of the great me
 tropolis, and between two ladies, the
 one the mistress of the said nice-looking
 cottage villa, and the other her guest,
 a country matron who had just arrived
 on a visit to her town fViend; and the
 object of the commiseration of both
 was the occupant of a larger and hand
 somer villa exactly opposite, but appar
 ently the abode of great wretchedness.
 The following morning Mrs. Bray
 brooke and her guest Mrs. Clayton
 were at the window of the parlor, which
 commanded a full view of the dwelling
 of the unhappy Mrs. Williams, when
 the door was opened and quietly closed
 again by the lady hereself.
 “There she is, poor soul,” cried
 Mrs. Braybrooke; “only look how
 carefully and noiselessly she draws the
 gate after her. She seems always
 afraid that the slightest noise she may
 make even in the street may wake the
 fellow, who is now, I dare say, sleep
 ing off the effects of last night’s dis
 sipation.”
 Mrs. Clayton, with all the genial
 warmth of a truly womanly heart,
 looked over, and followed with her eyes
 as far as the street allowed this quiet
 looking, broken spirited wife, investing
 the whole figure, from the neatly
 tirmmed straw bonnet to the tips of the
 bright little boots, with a most intense
 and mysterious sympathy; then fixing
 her anxious interesting gaze on the op
 posite house, she, said. And how do
 they live? How do people under such
 circumstances pass the day? It is a
 thing I cannot comprehend; for were
 Clayton to act in such a way, I am
 sure I couldn’t endure it a week.”
 It does seem scarcely intelligible,”
 answered Mrs. Braybrooke; “but I’ll
 tell you how they appear to do. She
 gets up and has her breakfast by her
 self—for without any wish to pry, we
 can see straight through their house
 from front to back.—About this time
 she often comes out. I suppose, to pay
 a visit or two in the neighborhood, or
 perhaps to call on her tradespeople,
 and you will see her by and by return,
 looking up, as she approaches, at the
 bedroom windows; and if the blind be
 drawn up, she rushes in, thinking, I
 dare say to herself. ‘How angry he
 will be if he comes down and finds that
 I am not there to give him breakfast
 Sometimes he has breakfast at twelve—
 at one—at two; and I have seen him
 sitting down to it when she was having
 her dinner.”
 “And when does he have his dinner?”
 “Oh, his dinner; I dare say that is a
 different sort of a thing from hers, poor
 woman He dines, I suppose, at a
 club, or with his boon companions, or
 anywhere, in fact, but at home.”
 And when does he come home,
 then, generally?”
 At all hours. We hear him open
 the little gate with his key at three,
 four and five in the morning. Indeed,
 our milkman told Susan that he has
 seen him sneaking in, pale, haggard
 and worn out with his horrie vigils, at
 the hour decent people are seated at
 breakfast.”
 I wonder if she waits up for him?”
 Oh no, for we see the light of her
 solitary candle in her room always as
 we are going to bed; and you may be
 sure my heart bleeds for her—poor
 solitary thing I don’t know, indeed,
 that I was ever so interested about any
 stranger as I am about this young
 creature.”
 “Dear, dear it is terrible sighed
 the sympathizing Mrs. Clayton. “But
 does any one visit them Have they
 friends, do you think?”
 I don’t think he can have many
 friends, the heartless fellow; but there
 are a great many people calling—stylish
 people, too—in carriages: and there is
 he, the wretch, often with his half-slept
 look, smiling and handing the ladies
 out, as if he were the most exemplary
 husband in the world.”
 Has she children? I hope she has,
 as they would console her in his long
 absences
 “No, even that comfort is denied
 her; she has no one to cheer her; her
 own thoughts must be her companions
 at such times. But perhaps it is a
 blessing for what kind of father could
 such a man make? Oh, I should like 1
 to know her; and yet I dread any ac- j
 quaintance with her husband; Bray- 1
 brooke, you know, wouldn’t know such
 a man.”
 “My dear Mary, you have made me
 quite melancholy; let us go out. You
 know 1 have much to see, and many
 people to call upon; and here we are
 losing the best part of the day in
 something not much removed from
 scandal.”
 The ladies of course set out, saw all
 the ‘loves of bonnets’ in Regent street;
 all the sacrifices that were being vol
 untarily offered up in Oxford street;!
 bought a great many things for leas!
 than half the original cost, made calls,
 laughed and chatted away a pleasant
 elating day for the country lady, who
 happily for herself, forgot in the bustle
 the drooping crestfallen bird who was
 fretting itself away in its pretty cage
 in Road.
 The ntxt 4*7 a laty, a friend of Mrs.
Clayton, who had been out when ahe
 had left her card the day before, called,
 and after chattiaa for aocaetime, tarmed
 to MnJßrmybrooke, and coatpltmentinf
 her on the situation of the house, *1
 find* she said, you are a near neighbor
 of a dear friend of mine, Mrs. Wil
 liams'
 'Mrs Williams!* exclaimed both her
 hearers, pale with excitement and curi
 osity; ‘Mrs Williams, Ob, how singular
 that roa should know her, poor, mis
 erable creature! Oh do tell us about
 ‘Poor—miserable What can you
 mean? You mistake; aj Mrs Wil
 liams is the happiest little woman in
 London.'
 'Oh it cannot be the same,* said Mrs
 Bray brook e ‘I mean our opposite netgh
 i bor in Hawthorn Villa; I thought it
 i couldn't be
 ‘Hawthorn Villa!—the very house.
 Vou surely cannot hare seen her, or
 her husband, who—
 “Oh the dreadful, wretched, gam
 bling fellow!” interrupted Mrs. Bray
 brooke, I would not know such a
 man
 “He!” in her turn interrupted her
 friend Mrs. Ecleshall. “He a gam
 bler He is the most exemplary
 young man in London—a pattern of
 every domestic virtue—kind, gentle,
 amiable, and passionately found of his
 young wife
 My dear Mrs. Eccleshall, how can
 you say all this about a man whose
 conduct is the common talk of the
 neighborhood; a man lost to every
 sense of shame, I should suppose; who
 comes home to his desolate wife at all
 hours; whose only ostensible means of
 living is gambling or something dis
 reputable; who—
 You have been most grievously
 misled,”again interposed Mrs. Eccles
 ha.ll. Who can have so grossly slan
 dered my excellent friend Williams? He
 cannot help his late hours, poor fellow.
 Thpt may safely be called his mis
 fortune, but not his fault!” and the
 good lady warmed as she spoke, till
 she had to untie her bonnet and fan her
 glow’ing face with her handkerchief.
 His misfortune murmured Mrs.
 Braybrooke. How can that be called
 a misfortune which a man can help any
 day he pleases
 But he cannot help it, poor soul!
 He would be too happy to spend his
 evenings at home with his dear little
 wife, but you know his business begins
 when other people’s is over.”
 Then what, in Heaven’s name, is
 his business
 Why, didn’t you know He’s the
 Editor of a Morning JS'eirspaper
A YOUNG HEROINE.
 The following remarkable and most
 exciting narrative cannot fail to be
 interesting to the public, and, should it
 ever meet the eye of that dear young
 lady to whom it relates, I am confident
 the grateful mention here made of her
 naval guardians, together with her own
 amiable and generous disposition, will
 induce a free pardon for the liberty I
 have taken in thus poclaiming to the
 community at large the relation of
 events pre-eminently worthy of the
 highest testimonial. The Rainbow,
 i from Southampton to Aden, arrived
 there about the 16th ult.; Captain
 i Arnold, her late commander, died ten
 days before the ship reached that port,
 and the chief mate was so habituated
 I to drunkenness that he had been con
 fined to his cabin several times during
 the passage. The captain’s daughter,
 about 16 years of age, was on board,
 and after her father’s death the second
 1 mate, who had assumed the command,
 made a daring and insidious attempt to
 entice the young lady and run away
 with the ship. She indignantly and
 j successfully repelled all his base and
 dastardly attempts, and although suffer
 ing under a painful bereavement, she
 at once rushed on the quarter-deck and
 made a public appeal to the ship’s crew
 as British seamen, and threw herself on
 their protection; this well-judged reso
 lution had the desired effect, the sea
 men (except two of their number, who
 were led away by the second mate)
 declared, with that manly feeling which
 sailors have so often displayed, that
 they would to a man protect her from
 all harm, and told the second mate and
 their misguided shipmates, in very
 plain terms, that if he dared to take the
 slightest liberty with their late com
 mander’s daughter, they would pitch
 him overboard, and any one else who
 dared follow his example would share
 the same fate. Miss Arnold then, with
 great presence of mind, begged the
 ships s company would grant her one
 special favor; her character, her
 1 manners, and the well-timed appeal
 which she had already made, induced
 the crew to declare their assent to any
 favors she might ask. She |thenjsaid
 that the safety of the ship and her own
 security from insult could only be in
 sured by. throwing overooard, that
 instant, every drop of spirits in the ship.
 Without hesitation the ship’s company
 consented, and, losing no time for re
 flection, they forthwith got the spirits
 on deck and threw every drop over
 board. From that time Miss Arnold
 had her screened cot secured near the
 wheel, and slept alongside the binnacle,
 and three of the crew kept a faithful
 watch around her during the remainder
 of the voyage. These faithful guar
 dians of one of our beloved counUy
 women never failed to evince the ut
 most respect and preserve the most
 rigid decorum, honorable in every
 point of view to themselves, and tc
 that charge which they had pledged
 themselves to undertake. Miss Arnold
 wrote a statement of all these occur
 rences, and forwarded it to Captain
 Haines, on the ship’s arrival, whenthe
 second mate and the disaffected men
 were immediately arrested and sent to
 Ei. The chief mate had indulged
 If to such an excess, that after
 the captain s death, and the absence oi
 all means of resort to his favourite
 stimulants, he was perfectly useless.
 Miss Arnold has been well educated,
 and is an amiable, unaffected person;
 her strength of mind and energy oi
 deportment need no further comment;
 she became the welcome guest of Cap
 tain Thomas, it Aden, and every possi
 ble attention was shown to this noble
 minded lady by the whole socsetv there
 Her dignified and virtuous conduct u
 beyond ill pnm, tad m W( U wort j,j
Um highest honor and roward which
 can pooothlj be bestowed, whiiot the
 exemplary conduct of the Rainbow’a
 devoted crew ie deoagfing of every
 encomium. I ahali ewKvor to obtain
 their names, and they any one and all
 rely on my endeavours to serve them,
 should either or tne whole of them (all
 in my way.—l mi air, your obedient
 servant, Crikis. Bibs*. —Madras Oct.
 18, 1848.— Mtdrmi SftcUdor,
ALEXANDER SELKIRK, THE ORI
 GINAL ROBINSON CRUSOE.
 He was born at Leghorn in the
 north of Scotland, in 1677. Having
 gooe to sen in hia youth, and in the
 year 1708 being sailing-master of the
 ship Cinque Ports, Capt. Stradling,
 bound for the South Seas, he was put
 on shore of the Island of Juan Fernan
 dez, aa a punishment for mutiny. In
 that solitude he remained four years
 and (bur months, from which he was at
 last relieved and brought to England,
 by Captain Woods Rogers. He had
 with him on the Island his clothes and
 bedding, wi'.h a firelock, some powder,
 bullets, and tobacco; a hatchet,
 knife, kettle, his mathematical instru
 ments, and a Bible. He built two huts
 of pimento trees, and covered them
 with long grass, and in a short time
 lined them with skins of goats which he
 bad killed with his musket, so
 long as hjs powder lasted, (which at
 first was but a pound,) when that was
 spent, he caught them by speed of foot.
 Having learned to produce fire by rub
 bing two pieces of wood together,,
 he dressed his victuals in one of his
 huts, and slept in the other, which was
 at some distance from his kitchen. A
 multitnde of rats disturbed his repose,
 by gnawing his feet and various parts
 of his body, which induced him to feed
 a number of cats for his protection.
 In a short time these became so tame
 that they would lie about him in hun
 dreds, and soon delivered him from his
 enemies, the rats. Upon his return, he
 declared to his friends that nothing
 gave him so much uneasiness as the
 thought that when he died, his body
 would be devoured by those very cats
 he had with so much care tamed and
 fed. To divert his mind from such
 melancholy thoughts, he would some
 times dance and sing among his kids
 and goats; at other times retire to«devo
 tion. His clothes and shoes were soon
 worn out by running through the woods.
 In the want of shoes he found little in
 convenience as the soles of his feet be
 came so hard that he could run every
 where without difficulty—as to clothes,
 he made himself a coat and cap out of
 goat skins, and sewed them with thongs
 of the same, cut into proper form with
 a knife, his only needle was a nail.—
 When his knife was worn to the back,
 he made others as well as he could, of
 some iron hoops that had been left on
 shore, by beating them thin, and grind
 ing them on stones. By his long se
 clusion from intercourse with men, he
 had so far forgot the use of speech,
 that the people on board of Capt
 Rogers*9hip could scarcely understand
 him, for he seemed to speak his words
 by halves. The chest and musket
 which Selkirk had with him on the
 Island, are now in posoession of his
 grand-nephew, John Selkirk, weaver
 at large. —From Sir John Sinclair's Ac
 count of Scotland.
A Good One. —There is an anecdote
 that William Ladd, the “Apostle of
 Peace,” used to tell upon himself with
 infinite gusto. When the temperance
 movement first came into notice, Mr.
 Ladd, though an ardent “reformer,”
 was not quite prepared to go the entire
 pledge. He was willing to eschew
 rum, gin, brandy, “sour cider,” and
 all that; but he couldn’t go the aban
 donment of his wine, his rich, mellow,
 heart-warming wine In fact, he had
 grave doubts about the possibility of
 getting “sawed” upon the generous
 fluid. His whie cellar was getting low;
 but every body was signing the pledge,
 and it must be replenished in a shady
 way, or not at all. Being at Portland
 [about this time, he bought a barrel of
 fine old wine, and employed “Uncle
 ’Siah,” a well known teamster to haul
 it to Minot, saying
 “Here, take this barrel of “cid”
 with the other articles.”
 He reached home first, and alter
 seeing the “oil” carefully deposited in
 the cellar, he came to the door to settle
 for the hauling.
 “Well, Uncle’Siah,” said the Cap
 tain, rubbing his hands, “I really wish
 I had something good for you to drink;
 but the temperance folks are making
 such a confounded noise, we a—a—
 have to banish it entirely from our
 houses.”
 But “Uncle ’Siah” had-already a bit
 of a brick in his hat, and was holding
 himself rather unsteadily by the wheel
 Its n-n-no m-m-raatter, Cappen,”
 he hiccupped, n-n-n-not the least kuc
 kuc conse-hic-sequense conce Id
 don’t need any—l w-w-was dry, b-b-b
 -but I took a g-g-good swig out of your
 csc-cask. Its ca-hic-apital et/, Cappen!
 Pure w-w-winter strained, and no m-m
 -mistake The Captain came out a
 rank tee-totalier at themext temperance
 meeting.
Wet Feet.—l have only had three
 pair of boots for the last six years, (no
 shoes) and I think I shall not require
 any more for the next six years to
 come. The reason is that I treat them
 in the following manner; I put a pound
 of tallow and a half pound of rosin in a
 rrt on the fire; when melted and mixed,
 warm the boots and apply the hot
 stuff with a painter’s brush until neither
 •ole nor upper leathers will suck any
 nwre If it is desired that the boots
 should immediatety take a polish, dis
 solve an ounce of wax in spirits of tur
 pentine to which add a teaspoonful of
 lamp black. A day after the boots
 have been treated with the tallow and
 rosin, rub over them this wax in tur
 pootio®. but not before the fire. Thus
 the exterior will have a coat of wax
 alone, and shines like a mirror. Tal
 low or any other grease becomes ran
 cid, and rots the stitching as well as
 leather; but the rosin gifts it an an
 tiseptic quality which preserves the
 whole. Boots and shoes should be so
 large as to admit of cork soles. Cork
 is so bad a conductor of beat that with
 it in boots the feet are always warm on
 the coldest stone floor—AfrrAeaiVi’
 Mogttine.
Slborrtißtmrtitß.
lßp#rUit to Farmers.
 IDE* Puwt WM CWtiraiar awl Wire Grass
 iPkw. TV F—iag pdbfcc are kereby infewasrf
 AreUnm PVt Vr» hm take* out
 •crtber far hi* recent gmt laanrcMtiafacon
 struct ion and manufacture of Fit Lf»CeLTIVATOUS;
 (mi u to entirely rerehUoaire
 tke vV4e mten of faraiM, V redKMf «ap&gt;Mt
 ye-Vif or more. Wfarm thty bare been intro
 h Tr tV decided approbation of
 r er *ha fallowing certificates ha the
 "fat aad practical fanners whose aaaier are
 ■**»ched, aVndantlY show:
CERTIFICATED-
 Thir may certify that we, the Subaihr*, have
 *een and need tV latent Wheel Cultivator, isveatad
 xL?*™** Io«, of Sbefcy. Orleans Co., New
 ora, and believe it to be, a* a fafaa taring an
 r k»oe, oae of the greatest iaipmrraualr of the age.
 By it, a fanner can pot in from tea to fifteea acre*
 of wheat in a year, with the aaare aanoat of
 team labor; V ran alao tow it ia mech better order.
 By it also Canada thistles aqd other aoxioaa weeds
 may he totally extirpated. Said ■arhinr is so coa
 rt rorted that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
 inraos of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 aad thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 inilv jßst brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 uiiok it decidedly tV best ever invented far
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Fanner, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to mu- brother farmers.
 James H. lied lev, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hailes Hedley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1348.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so weU, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is morh bettor done than by the
 old plows; and the land p*pared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bosh, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 arid used. No farmer who fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where fanners are invited
 o call and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE sulworibers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in tlie sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;e. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock hefore
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jjlO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine (lie quality and price, at No.]6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review The
 Edinburgh Revieiv The North Rnt
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Black woad’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 “Edinburgh Review” Whig; and
 ster Review” Radical. The. North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, heing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1848, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, £8 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advanc e.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the 1
 entire number in die 1 lands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to,
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may he compelled to raise the price of the Maga-
 line. Therefiare wwrepeat subscribe early while
 the price is fow.”
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York. 1
IMIE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NETTY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual
 Capital, £300,000 —Beujumin W. Richard*, Presi
 dent Continue* to make insurance ou lire*, grant
 annuities and endowment*, and accept trusts from in
 dividual*, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a 1 tonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for tile, ami on the 20tii of January
 last, an addition was mad to alt the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1843, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837 7| percent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and ia rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 'The chief object of an insurance for hie is to pro*
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur*
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditor*; and it w ill be seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 furnished by the subscriber to all who osar feel an
 interest in the subject, that by paying a small nan to
 the office even tear during bis life, a pomoa may se
 cure to his family a very considerable aamaal at bin
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 ““wwood, it is extensively adopted, and its grant
 advantages to all, but more especially to (hone who
 depend on their own exertions for the support of their
 matiies, or who may be deotrioos to seem* tho poy
 wwt of a sum of mrmey to their friends, auditors or
 children, at their decease, which they aught be oth
 erwise enable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs bat to be explained to rnewre the seri
 ous consideration of the public.
 In several instance* it has happened that the party
 «n**«d has died shortly after baviag paid only one
 or two mstahacats of the prussinm, when his family
 have received from this office the fell amount far
 which he had iaswed.
 Full information on this importtnt subject may be
 »g*n» of the Girard Life Insurance Company.
 WILLIAM BAkEWELL,
 BakeweO’s Law Buildings,
 Gram street, Pittsburgh.
W* H TOPP, Merchant Tailor, MB Bread
 **•■7. FA. 11, IMB.
PROSPECTUS
 America* nreMtefical imul.
 o. i. row Lia, editor.
 r TO reform aad perfect onrvebre* aad ogr race, is
 A the newt naked of aH work*. f*t, to do this wu
 reurt understand the H—■ Couutiuuiuu. This
 Phrenology, Physiology aad Vital Magnetism etn
 hsutis* expound al the lew* «torn being,
 conditions of hnjptaiii. and mkhuV the philoso
 pher's stone of Universal Truth. W
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number will contain either the analysis and
 loeathm of same phrenological farefcv, illustrated by
 uu Engraving, or aa artical on thaw eombmntiode:
 and also the organisation aad charSMtar of scane dis
 tinguisVri personage, «rr umpaalrirf far a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health Is Life, The great immanent of talent vir
 tue and happiness, ad of which it augments. To its
 pet serration and raster at km, special attention will be
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With practial instruction, interesting fact*, and
 choice truths which it unfolds, will he presented in
 this Jonraal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy, the in doc ore they can
 wfald, and their preparation far conducting oar insti
 tntioM, will form the theme of n series of artirlrs.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oarnestly, and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his natural powers, and
 reader himself better and more happy? To such,
 each manber will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—-invariably ia advance ONE DOLL-
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will be
 •eat GRATIS, when desired.
To receive attention, letters and orders must be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment. aad will sell cheap for cash, rtunrt attention
 gud to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
NORTHAMPTQN_WATER CURE.
 r._ Electricity and Hydropathy.
 IK public arc respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.!
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the) scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived bv
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with 1
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positne
 electrical state and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticuiar surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—tliere is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have foiled to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted liere
 to repeat his experience, that, in all rases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in die electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On die other hand, when the parts
 of die body alluded to, are in die electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or trudi
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned i:
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charade
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professo
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not foil to convirtc
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous)
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 donor, by a discerning public, and the gradlud
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure I
 relieve of their complaints,* the undersigned wi
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit,and ineri
 that gratitude, in the case of even' invalid who ma
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Rensonville, on the west hank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half mile
 from die centre of the town. It is convenient!
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, an&lt;
 a variety of baths, supplied w ith water, which, fo
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cun
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blisnment in this country. The scenery in the
 vicinity is picture sque aiid romantic There are
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, t&lt;
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should
 Elainly dressed, enjoying their rambles witliou
 eing exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to die head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or clironic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for i
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselvex witl
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one 01
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow rases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, u
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an urn
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and hoard are 86 50 tc
 98 60 per week, payable weekly— washing extra
 A patient who from choice or the character of hii
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay 98 00 per week—on the first and secom
 floors, 9‘B 50 per week. Patients requiring extn
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) w ill furnish their own nurses and fuel
 or pay an extra price.
 D. KUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visjb» to the Establishment, from tin
 east, west, oT south, can take tlie cars of the Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wil
 always lie in readiness at the Northampton depot, u
 convey diem hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticuiar surface, so thai
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer ol
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusag*
 of the fluid upon die surface, we believe to be indis
 peusable to the healthful condition of the wlmk
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, ii
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’
 Geoaddress, delivered before die Medical College o;
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor o
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physica
 Science m Emory College, Gn., page 25
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 rE Subscriber Cega leave to cab tie attention
 of Invalid*, especially those *uJforing from
 AuS* C h i fdro i,i —«Mkb—at iu
 Hit bouse was opened for the reception orpatienu
 fo« aeaaon, and it is believed offers excellent focili.
 ties for aphilosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 parity has been pronounced equs! to nater on a
 distilled/* The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance front the V. M. railroad. The
 vKinky abounds m n variety of scenery, and Us
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 i can scarcely foil to obtain the I
 kstotil results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-ftve years, was brought to aw but
 A “r«- .Her caw presented the following pheao
 mena. If placed in an erect positios, and left on.
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she sonde on
 nfert to waft, either foot, when carried forward,
 dMpun foe eCoru to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in lino condition nearly a
 yev. Her treatment commenced the lith of Scot.,
 wn. enntumed to the Jsfo Oct. only, wfomfoe
 y reeovered an to be able to waft half a
 mtle with cane. Since her return to her fomily, she
 hnn ~»otinni I her baths, with corresponding im
 fof honhh. Bfo now attends to her
 «fo awuMasce of ««i»
 girbdMs the work of for foiady.
 r u r u h» bring three romfonableo,
 woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 toweln marked, with old linen for
 Term*, from five to tan doifon per week, accord.
 fof fo &lt;hn necessities or (foies of the patients.
 T who particular tn thlLCiea ol
 STX."iCWST S
 _u*n*»* ueosob hoyt.
 jjrcaa^j;:
POT BITY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AHD LEGAL
 COBB.
 IT LTSAXDIR WOO* I*.
 TV Albany Patriot calk it—** A ant pamphlet o
 log pay* a very 11— rinbte prorfWtion.”—
 "Whether all the mtiripaMßi of Mr. Q rirrmw
 he realised by the Ml adoption of his theory
 are do not here stop to enqaire; W we heartily con’-
 mewl his endeavor to the sot ice of all who fore
 transparent forcible dietiow—intrepid independence—
 ordinal thought—and retire freedom from the can
 of sect or p*rty. As a judic ml writer, he has a depth
 a compass, far beyond My one whose productE*.’
 hare awt our eye in a loo* time.”
 Haal's MerchantV Magaiine «av«—•• It .fo-..
 in boU and original thsaghi*. The illegal carnet*f
 poverty are stated, and a number of important
 ..tarn, hearing on the snhject hid down;
 whole, we consider it a work well worth tu
 affording as .tdoe* many vahmbie hint, to the
 ■an and political economist.”
 The Bangor Gaxetre say* An sbie sad certain.
 hr original work, from the pea of Lmnder Sp™
 Esq—amhor of flat powerful hook which
 straien the uncoastitmionality of Amencan
 There is no.writer of the age of fogk-.I acumen more
 aearcbtag than Spooner.,’ This new work is He,
 lined to lead to a re-euunination of all former
 terns of political economy.” At first blush hi*
 aomical propositions strike ns as sustainable— aad ,t
 they are so, his work will prerail, and produce
 important rcrolutioa in the present prerailmg v
 Erery one should read it.”
 P i **ARSH, PuW l Boston.
 Part L Price 25 Cent*.
 Is the only remedy that can be relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Inr its
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nerrous Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
 Debility-, Deficiency of Nerrous and Physical Ener
 gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 dreadful of ail diseases that affect the human /ace—
 l.fHlfjmp, or Falling Suites*. —Hysterica Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasms, kc It is well known, that
 from nme immemorial. Physician* hare pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all their
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands have suffered through a mis
 erabfo existence, ami at last yielded up their lives on
 I n an,, y- —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, ami all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which is here offered.
 If it is deception, let it be exposed but if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable!
 Heart's Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen years,
 has been tested by many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful diswue, ami in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Pension-of Yonkers, New- York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted with Fits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street. New York,
 stales that she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and has been restored to perfect health (after
 every otlier means had failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, wlto is one of the best Physicians iu tha
 State, says dial he has lieen much henefitted by the
 use ol the Vegetable Extract, and that he unheeitat
 ingly prescribes it in every rase of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 C urtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., noyy living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many years past he
 I lias been sorely afflicted with Fits, "and lie is noyv
 happy to stale that a persevering use of Dr. Hart's
 I Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from tliat worst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. Isti Henry street, New York,
 having need the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family highly recommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, rorner of Sixth Avenue
 S and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states thai
 I Mr. has, H. Bougliton, a member of his family ha*
 been so severely afflicted w ith Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that lie tvas obliged to relinquish hui
 i business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored tu
 perfect health, and left this city for the State ol
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Church,
 Spotswood, New Jersey, yvho has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, state&gt;
 that lie has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved tliat he hopei
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of the son ol
 Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits tyventy-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scot fond, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country- in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and waa cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract.— have spent
 over three tlmusand dollars for metlieiQe and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with hun which I did. I first visited England
 I consulted die most eminent physicians there ir!
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three momhi
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that my son's ease was boneless
 mu! POSITIVELY INdUR.4BLE. I according*}
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 Mid fiance, and returned home in the month ol
 November last with my son as far from being cured
 as when 11 left, I saw your advertisement in one ol
 the New \ork papers, and concluded to try Hart’i
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements* arw
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty ami
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am noi
 wrry I did so, as by tlw use of Hart’s Vegetable
 o- WM reared to PERFECT
 "kALrH. His reason, which was so for gone as t&lt;
 unfit hun for business is entirely restored, with tlw
 prospect now before him of li ft, health anil useful,
 ness. He i* now 28 years of age, and 27 years &lt;i
 iijoathfl of this time ha# been afflicted with tbii
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 tiling, and as I here enclose you one hundred dollars,
 1 have no doubt Imt you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude 1 still
 owe you; but please accept,this amount as interest
 on the debt in advance.
 Yonrs, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost miraculous efhcsrv ni
 this truly wonderful medicine, read the folfowi,*
 ®L W L Guilford, Ohi£
 one of the most eminent physicians in place:
 n ,i it Gu ilfo f d August 17, I84«k
 Brother laborer in tlw cause ofWnamty— Dear
 sir: It is with no .null degree of pleasure that 1
 am enabled to announce to you die complete triumph
 of your invaluable medicine in eases of
 nave prescribed it in four instance* in this vicinity,
 and a lias been highly successful in all. Three o
 die patients, I trust, have been radically cured,
 rbe fourth one is rapidly improving, and will, 1
 think without doubt recover. I am not in the habit
 of prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
 tan whew I see mi article which promises so much
 for the relief of suffering humanity, I ft el my duty
 to recommend it, and I have no besita iui in say.
 tag that as mm a* the focuky are folly acotmiatcd
 with the real merit of yotsr medicine, they will
 cfoee their eyes against prejudice and lead you s
 he lot d* hand. 7
 I subscribe myself yours, sincerely,
 (HignedJ W. L. MONROE, M. D.
 To Dr. H. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME 18 NOT FAR DIATANT
 W hen thousand* who are now trembime -ndr*
 the band of this dreadful disease,
 every attack may prove foul, will led msLwli
 “••vErr
 ffR cestificates
 *7 «f Dr. H-f.
 KSSr:T-^“%’?
 s@feW#£.“
 dresssd Pom Paid. oucewoo# must be ad-
 A yjj** 1 l&gt;&gt;rmr Vvkom d W,U r
 E. H'MXittii'Z k f*±*«**"'
 r.,Vk,£^-Ag^r &lt;w d
 Wm HB*
 j S’ BiUwaukie WmT
 toZ&amp;'eZ&amp;SiiZ armm
"
