"I'IiHOERH'K j
 M n DF.MNV, K*»i*o»*.
VOL 11. NO. 10.
Ilit* NORTH STAR i*
 Today, at No. llultalo Slr**H,
 tpfruilr thf .1 rf l&lt;ir.)
 TERMS.
 Iwo dollars per annual, a/ir.y* i*» adrjnff. N
 *.d•*« ription w ill l«r rt‘ll itred for a I***"* l w
 i\ months.
 Advertisement* not exceeding ten lm&gt; meeitr
 llnve ti.ne- for or*- dollar; every ew*-eiptent inset
 Iwrnly-iivf
 I nk ohjeci nftlie North Star will I- loaiiac
 'unnv m all n» form* a*l »*p‘* cU advocat
 I \iri kui. E*ah ifatios; exah ilk- sundiu
 of I‘uki.k MohAi itv; iiriHnotr* Ur* moral and hi
 telleeiii*] improvement "I* llw nl.oßili I i.otX.f
 and hasten Hu- day of FREEDOM to U* Thkk.
 Mtt i rivi uf ir&lt;ir K’itMvrn Fn »"'v Corn
 T R r M «r.
 I*l RUSHER'S NOTICES.
 \il roiimn*nieaikma nlatins! to the
 m ill tli&gt;‘ caper, ouuit of aw itbrni, *rmit
 t.i,K should 1«- .iddii -d In JoHN I'MK
 P.ilili-her.
 Agents, and all others sending names, ar&lt;
 e (iM-sicd in lx* accurate, and Hi''** dn* Pont
 1,.- C.i/aiy, and the St tff. Earl* Subscriber is ini
 in"dlately credited for money received.
 Any peiaoii sending in die jwymeni f«*r
 inbecriber*, to lie forwarded to one address, ma;
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 fjr All holers an,l communication* must lie |«o.«
 paid.
 MSI OF ADENTS.
 Massai itnst its. —R. F. Walcntt, 21. Coruhill
 II .-ton; Nath.in Johnson, New Bedford Horatio W
 Foster, l.owell; James Buffiim, I.mhi; &lt;«eorgt
 Eva:i«, Worcester llourue Spooner, Phinouth;
 Charles 11. Setli, Springfield David lluggles
 .Northampton; 11. Carjienter, p “i.
 \f iiM. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vfrwont.—Rowland T Robinson, No, fl» rr-r
 -ri-btirg.
 Co n n F, r riel r.— Jonathan le*onard, New ilnAeii
 \rw II a HrsHiH). —V\ care appaii, Bradford.
 \i iv ohK. —Sydney H. Cay, 142, Nassau
 Stni-t, June- McCune Smith, 93, est Broadway;
 J i uli' |‘..-t. MYstbury, Queen Count) Mary Har
 |,i i Ihanv Elia- Dots, Mare,lnn: Willetts Keese,
 1V,,,, Hoiton Comity William S. Baltimore, Troy
 I F f'l.i 11, Penn Ann; J. Jeftrcy, fJeneva E. 1..
 Plan, Bath.
 linoii) I si. a M u.-—Ainarancy Paine, Providence,
ia. —J. M. M’Kirn,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; fi. W. (loines, Exchange
 PI;,IV. Ditto; B. Rown,Pittsburgh; Win. Whipfier,
 C ilnniliia; Isaac P»nUrts, Jacob 1.. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery Comilv, Milo A. Town-end,
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio.— Chri-liau Donaldson, Cineimiali; Mat
 -o i and dailies, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 \evsbiHi’ll, \Varmi (Jo.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Mil mi* an. —lloliert Banks, Detroit.
 I MU an a.—Jool P. Davis, Economy, Wayne fJo
icily of our 3i&gt;ucvsarics.
 MUM MKNTS Foil COLONIZATION.
 All the developments of society in
 this country are rapidly tending to work
 out and manifest this great principle,
 that. the only safe and sure method of
 elevating the African race, and con
 ferring upon them those civil, social,
 and political privileges which are the,
 common birthright of tie? human fain- 1
 1 1 v, is to separate them from the AngUv
 Saxon race. Some of the slave States,
 are beginning to feel that their pres
 ence is a burden which is almost intol
 erable, and are casting about for some
 method to rid themselves of this incubus
 upon their prosperity, which so greatly
 impedes their progress in the inarch of
 improvement; whilst the free States in
 their vicinity arc becoming every year
 more fixed and settled in their policy of
 prohibiting their introduction amongst
 them. Whether this desire to get rid
 of them on the one h ind, and not to
 receive them on the other, be right or
 wrong, we undertake not to settle at the
 present time. It is, however, a fixed
 fact, which cannot be changed until
 society is completely revolutionized in
 Us present inodes of thought and feel
 ing, and as a fact it has to be met and
 dealt with by the Philanthropist, lie
 must Irame his plans to meet the condi
 tion of society as it actually exists, and
 not as he would have it be.
 That the tendency of public opinion
 in the free States is such as we have
 described, is becoming every year more
 manifest, especially in those which bor
 der on the territory of slavery, and are
 exposed to the immigration of this class
 of population. A few of the States in
 the extreme part of the Union, that feel
 secure against any considerable influx
 of this population, may, for the sake of
 a show of consistency, place upon their:
 statute-book laws that recognize the
 civil and social equality of the colored
 man; hut just let any large number ofi
 iliat class make their appearance
 among them, and assert their rights
 and exercise them, and those statutes
 will soon disappear. Those which are
 much exposed to the evil, are already,
 beginning to take more decided action,
 l ake the following resolution, which
 has just passed the Illinois State Con-
 vent ion, by a vote of P 2 to 411, as an
 example:
 “The Legislature shall, at its first
 session, under the amended Constitu
 tion. pass such laws as will effectually
 prohibit free persons of color from im
 migrating to and settling in this State;'
 and to effectually prevent the owners of
 “laves from the introduction of slaves
 into this State for the purpose of setting
 them tree: Provided, that when this
 oust uutiuii is submitted to the people
 ot this State tor their adoption or re
 jection, the foregoing shall he submitted
 to them to be voted on separately as aj
 section of said Constitution and if a
 a majority of all the votes cast for and
 against the same shall he for its adop
 tion, then the same shall be rejected
 A irgmian, who has lately' been
 tiavellmg m New Kngland, thus bears
 testimony to the state of public opinion
 even there, where we would suppose
 that this feeling would not exist, if any- 1
 where. He says:
 Freedom of a personal character
 to go and come, to drink, to idle, to
 commit mischief, they have; hut free
 dom, social and political,even tin* North
 "-fuses them. Accordingly, 1 told the
 Abolitionists, If you will do for the
 blacks you have, uliut you say we must
 do lor ours, we will furnish the raw
 material to manufacture into citizens us
 we furnish you cotton to make calli
 co&lt;rt! In all conversations with the
THE NORTH STAR.
r Abolitionists, the question was pressed,
 1 What are we to do with the slaves, il
 we emancipate?’ Not one of any in
 telligence professed any willingness tc
 ,i take them off our hands. Witness the
 trouble growing out of ihe celebrate*:
 i ease ot Randolph’s slave*. Northerr
 people are passing them by. They wil
 not take them in any capacity into theii
 houses, if others can be found. The*
 k are driven from omnibuses, hacks, cabs,
 and even porterage. White men will
 I not labor with them. The ‘-vox populi
 has decreed, You »nay reason, expos
 tulate, harangue, quote the Declara
 tion,’ abuse the South, even try by ex
 ample to enforce your theories—but
 after all you had as well reason against
 the ukase of the Ru&amp;sifc'i despot. The
 slavery df the negro ra&amp;i is a slavery
 to color.’ There has never been just
 such another case. It is a great fact,
 as we believe fulfilment of phophecy ot
 nearly .&gt;,OOO years standing, and there
 is no use in fightiug againt facts.—
 You cannot reason them into existence,
 and you cannot cavil them out of ex
 istence.
 “So long, then, as you must sit,
 stand, walk, ride, dwell, eat, sleep
 here, and the negro there, he cannot
 be free in any part of the country. His
 home is not here. Reasonable and
 I thinking men, North as well as South,
 are seeing and feeling the true state of
 the case. Ten years ago, scarcely a
 pulpit in Massachusetts was open to the
 Agent of the Colonization Society, and
 now a large majority cordially welcome
 him. One of the marked fruits of abo
 litionism has been its suicidal in
 fluences. Its principles run directly to
 Radicalism, and that of the lowest
 depth. Hence, while the speeches of
 men hired to abuse the South, have
 awakened on both sides great feelings
 —on the one of indignation, and the
 other of irritation—they have killed
 their own cause, by the principles they
 were forced to adopt for consistency,
 and left the public mind and ear iu just
 that excited state, that it is prepared,
 the better for the reception of truth.—
 The subject will be, must be discussed.
 Increased acquaintance with each other
 will serve to correct the erroneous im
 pressions, as to both master and slave,
 left by abolition lecturers, and to open,
 the eyes of the South to a proper view of
 its own interests.” j
 As the free negroes become more
 intelligent, they will see and feel more
 deeply this state of tilings, and thereby,
 become convinced that their best policy
 is to emigrate to a country where they
 will have none of these depressing in
 fluences operating upon them. We
 fondly anticipitatc the period when
 thousands of them will emigrate to their
 fatherland, paying their own passage, j
 as the Germans and Irish are now
 pouring into this land from the coun
 tries of their nativity. And we think
 w e can see in the increasing favor now
 shown to this scheme, both in the North
 and the South, the day-star of hope 1
 rising over our happy land, as well as
 over the benighted continent of Africa.
 Presbiiterian Herald
Selections.
 From die Libertyßell.
 EVERYTHING HET.PS US.
 HV WENDELL PHILLIPS.
 Success is no test of the merit of an
 individual, and defeat no certain argu
 ment against him. For time and
 chance happen to all,” and death
 snatches many a workman from our
 sight before his plan has been even un
 folded.
 But great movements are immortal;
 and an enterprise, enclosing a right
 principle, always triumphs. It meets
 with nothing but victories. It is never
 even bathed. The Sandwich Islander
 tabled that into every “victor passed the
 strength ol all he conquered. This,
 stranger still, not only feeds on victo
 ries, hut passes itself into the bosom of
 its seeming conqueror, and silently he
 becomes its vassal. It is perhaps
 strongest at the moment of what the
 world calls its defeat; as the old Com
 mentator has it, “When straw is taken,
 Moses is near.”
 Providence, in carrying forward the
 race, is always prodigal of sacrifice,
 labor and life, and the most stirring
 epoch perhaps contributes, in reality,
 no in or- 1 to the grand result than the
 years which seem only to stand and
 wait.’ 1 In such matters, delay is no
 evil; for such movements, besides ac
 complishing their primary objects, have
 secondary and incidental results,almost
 equally valuable. As they pass along,
 they unfold the intellect, discipline the
 virtue, and mould the character of all
 they meet, and are the moral school of
 the generation. The discussion of
 their hearings and relations reveals
 kindred evils, and prepares the public
 mind to grapple with them in due tune.
 When the passions of men resist
 this general spirit of an age, this gra
 dual hut constant advance of the race,
 they cousume nolhiug but themselves—
 every blow recoils ou the head of the
 assailant, and even the wisest are taken
 in their own craftiness. Adams cared
 nothing for the slave, and was op|&gt;csed
 to his emancipation in the District ol
 Columbia. But an insolent majority
 gagged his free speech, and smothered
 his petitions; and lie, who might have
 talked forever a dough-face, |uas si
 lenced into an honest man, and almost
 an abulitiouist. Clay protested that u
 was not in order to discuss slavery on
 the floor of Congress; and while hit
 very protest was an all-sufficient dis
 cussion, its matter disgusted the North
 and the occasion of its utterance inadi
 the wary South suspicious. He was t
 Colonizationist, and the time for tha
 had long passed j n either section of thi
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—Gift) IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
 0
Union. So he died, and they burie
 him in Kentucky, placing for his epi
 taph, Bom out of due time—died o
 trying to please both sides.” Sine
 his day, the mice have come boldly ou
 of their holes; statesmen, or those wh
 pass for such, have frankly taken side
 (a momentous gain,) some by speech
 as Calhoun, some by silence, as th&lt;
 great Daniel Mi M.
 Calhoun maintained that slavery wa
 the foster child of the Government, am
 both in its foreign and domestic policy
 should be kept steadily in view. Th&lt;
 people have taken him at his word, am
 kept it, as he finds too late, very stead
 ily in view.
 Pamphlets stuflfaji with moat excel
 leip-''" *iiE r, ’tB, taffe’uji witlMßiibftics
 even whtie their authors k.tow hot hovW
 or are not willing to point out the plaii
 method of escape from the evils they s&lt;
 faithfully portray—these do us good.—
 When the angelic Doctor,” «r tin
 ‘‘subtile Doctor,” has spoken—wher
 this or that eloquent writer has linkec
 his name with the subject, it ceases t&lt;
 be fnbued —the snobs of the pulpit anc
 the press dare to open their lips, anc
 some even ask whether Garrison it
 black or no.
 Even Horace Mann's speech in Con
 gress, affirming little that anybody had
 ever denied, and denying nothing thal
 anybody had ever affirmed, does us
 good. When that large and very in
 fluential family, the Facing-both-ways,
 timid folks that wish to offend nobody,
 see so respectable a member of their
 —the drum-major, as we may say, of
 the corps—open upon this cry, it looses
 all their tongues; they declaim at
 breakfast-tables, and are as seriously
 offended as they dare to be with any
 one who does not remember that “they
 always said so.” This is a most im
 portant gain. In contested questions,
 it is often the timid and indifferent who
 finally t; rn the scale. Something as
 we are told of the taking of the yeas
 and nays in the House of Commons;
 one party goes out while the rest of the
 House, their opponents, are.counted.
 And Jefferson says it is eWremely im
 portant on any question to remember to
 the lot of which side it falls to go
 forth; for the lucky ones who are pri
 vileged to sit still, always sweep in the
 idle and indifferent members. Every
 where this is a large class. Accord
 ingly, when such men as Horace Mann
 speak, it is an important gain. Those
 who feared it w'ould cost something to
 be anti-slavery, now flock to ourstand
 ard, and the fence is cleared.
 But the Annexation of Texas! How
 we resisted it, and rightfully; qnd when
 it was consummated, th&amp; whole horizon I
 seemed clouds. But into what bless
 ings have they broken on our heads!—
 As bloody Mary said of Calais, when
 Calhoun dies, his friends will find
 Texas” graved upon his heart. The
 wiser Whigs (the children of this gen
 eration are ahvays wiser than the
 children of light) resisted it as we did,
 and very naturally, though we could
 not then discern the reason. They
 knew, by instinct, that it was an anti-)
 slavery measure in disguise. Now, to
 our eye, annointed by the event, “trail-;
 ing what clouds of glory” does it come!;
 First, expensive war,and money two per.
 cent, amonth, both wakening the Yan-.
 kee conscience into an awfully healthy
 state; then Oregon, California, and
 Wilmot Proviso, descending like hawks
 upon the hapless members of Congress, t
 many of whom knew not which way to
 turn: on one side their watchful con
 stituents, on the other, the ‘Salt River’
 of party ruin; as Macauley sings:
 Thrice thirty thousand foes before,
 And the broad flood Itehind!
 Then the political campaign, tiie
 Democratic party scattered like the
 men at Babel by a confusion of “cries;”
 the Whigs for once successful, sly
 jockies, who let fall the weight they,
 should have borne, their principles, by
 the way—or, like a ship brought safely
 into port at the cost of throwing the
 cargo overboard; Cass befooled; Van
 Buren resuscitated; Webster falling
 between* two stools, Buffalo and Palo
 Alto, “how happy could |he he wdth 1
 either!” Calhoun pale with apprehen
 sion, and little Carolina, like Sidney
 Smith's Madam Partington, manfully
 gilding herself to brush hack the At
 lantic waves of public opinion: Ihe Free
 Soil movement, a good thing and a
 gracious, the school of many who are
 to be the true and strong men, and pi
 lots of our voyage, but much of it,
 nevertheless, as Canning said, “mean
 ing little, and not meaning that little
 well.” Wintbrop voting a lie—that
 act, with the insult heaped upon those
 who criticised it, constituting just the
 shock that a moral chemist would tell
 us was needed to make the insipid fluid
 of a dawdling minority crystalize into
 the practical point ot the Free Soil
 movement; last, Time’s noblest off
 spring is his last,”) Zachary laylor
 elected by the people! Do not allthesf|
 most favorable events for our cause,
 point back to cry
 ing. mapm Parent'” If Jupi
 ter had, as of old, held a begging-day,
 w hat more could the most unreasonable
 abolitionist have asked r In the priva
 teering d£ys of the last war, (the Mex
 ican foray does not deserve the name,)
 it is said that the ships of an old mer
 chant in Newburyport brought in so
 many prizes that, fearing to grow too
 rich, he went upon the housetop and
 praved Heaven to stay its hand. Our
 only fear is, that the abolitionist, elated
 on the swelling tide of good fortune,
 may give sleep to bia eyelids, and relax
 bis efforts. Judging by intention, as
 well as self-devotion, no one will ever
 deny that Garrison was the author, as
 well as the pioneer, of *he anti-slavery
 movement iu this country: but it may
 yet come lo pasa that professors of
 Harvard College will give it out to
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1849.
future generations as a subject fo
 themes, “Which did ihe roost, (varrisoi
 or Calhoun, to hasten the downfall c
 American slavery'”
 E***a ritxl pirrtrct ii/.
 U»mj« blow ,uul«aifr" roll
 •Slrpngth to the brave, amt Powri aO't Deiij,
 Yet in thrsueh-e* are nothing'”
 Boston, Massachusetts.
 Fruin the Impartial Citizen.
 COLONIZATION AND EMIGRATION
 H. H. GARNET’S REPLY TO S. S. WARD
 My Dear Friend:—The North Stai
 of this week furnishes me with youi
 courteous, interesting and able letter
 addressed to me, in reply to my last ir
 that paper. I rejoice to see that m)
 views in regard Jp tfeejfrportance o
 Western New York as sjeme and t
 field of labor for coloreamen, meet*
 your approbation. Jn speaking of W.
 New ork, you will please pardon whal
 might appear to be a geographica
 blunder, when I tell you that I include
 I the Smith Lands in Franklin, Kssex,
 and Hamilton counties. These views
 are also well received by Frederick
 Douglass, James \V. Duffin, and other
 men ol thought. Yesterday, I received
 a letter from our old friend and co-la
 borer, Amos G. Beman, of New Ha
 ven, Conn., containing the following
 1 paragraph:
 “‘There is quite a fever in this city
 among the colored people—not to goto
 C alifornia, but to procure homesteads
 iin some part of the country. Could a
 thousand acres be purchased from Mr.
 i Cerrit Smith in Franklin county, near
 to the parcel which he has bestowed
 upon Dr. James McCune Smith and
 Mr. Royce? I read your letter in the
 North Star with much interest, and
 communicated it to the church on Sab
 bath evening, and, in the language ol
 Webster, 1 can say that it meets my
 hearty concurrence. I hope that you
 1 will soon publish a call for a Conven
 tion, that we may be encouraged to do
 something to* remove the same difticul
 j ties in this part of the country. When
 your meeting occurs, I shall delight to
 be with you.”
 ou demand of me an explanation of
 the “change” which has taken place in
 my mind in reference to the American
 Colonization scheme. Y u make use
 of the following language, and while it
 I is somewhat flattering, at the same time
 you speak as one having authority,
 i “I supposed you would enlighten
 your readers and many admirers, what i
 I phases of the American Colonization
 I Scheme had presented themselves to j
 you in such attractive forms as to
 'chapgc your mind greatly qf late,’and
 to engage your complacency, ralso
 did, and shall still expect to hear the
 reasons for the change. Neither of
 these appear in your former communi
 cation, unless in the last clause quoted;;
 and that, it seems to me, is not so full
 and explicit as one would naturally ex
 pect from Henry Highland Garnet.”
 I will freely give you iny reasons. I
 am not aware that I entertain any
 opinion in relation to public matters
 which I desire to conceal. But first
 allow' me to say, by way of preface,
 that my opinion of the Hon. Henry j
 Clay, and other Colonizationists of the
 same stamp, has undergone no change.
 I have no reason to believe that he is
 now different from what he has been
 during his whole public life—that is, a
 hardened sinner—a cruel and murder-1
 ous persecutor of my people, and of 1
 late a baptized and confirmed hypo
 crite.
 I have experienced no change of'
 mind as to the possibility of our en
 franchisement in this the land of our)
 birth. All this cun he done by patientj
 labor, frugality, education and pure re- j
 ligion.
 But on the following points my mind'
 has changed. New developments have
 been made in relation to the descend
 ants of once glorious but now fallen
 Africa, and these have changed my
 mind. In the words of the great Peter
 boro philanthropist, I say with humility
 There is only one who can truly
 say, I change not; and that is God.”
 I. I believe that the Republic oi
 Liberia will be highly beneficial to
 Africa in a commercial and a political
 point.
 2. 1 believe thatTthe new Republic
 will succeed—and that its success will
 curtail the slavetrade on the coast, by
 the diffusion of light and knowledge, j
 and by turning the attention of the,
 black traders to soroe/jier and hon-!
 orable business, and by ’sweeping off
 the white ones as with the hands of an,
 avenging God. No colored man going
 from this Blood Red Republic can pos
 sibly have any love for the slave trade,
 unless he be a devil.
 3. I believe that every political and
 commercial relation which President
 Roberts negotiates with European pow-j
 ers goes far to create respect for our
 race throughout the civilized world.
 The walls of that infant Republic may.
 now indeed be insignificant, so much
 bo, that you may leap over them as live i
 founder of Rome did over the first bul-1
 warks of that city; yet it is my firm
 and sober belief, that Liberia will be
 come the Empire State of Africa.
 1 believe that every colored man who,
 sincerely believes that be can never,
 grow to the stature of a man in this,
 country, ought to go there imrne
 diately, if he deaires, for he may do
 some good there, whereas if be remains
 here, be will contaminate and curae!
 every one of his brethren over whom
 he has anv influenewr Jf I 80 belived,
 I declare'before high Heaven, that I,
 would hasten thither, or elsewhere, as
 quick as possible. But Ido not believe
 it; there is work enough for me here, t
 and if 1 were in Africa there would be
 work tor me also there. 1 nro in favor
 of Colonization in nay part of the Uni
 ted Stales, Mexico or California, or in j
the West Indies, or Africa, wherever i
 promises freedom and enfranchisement
 I Other people become great and power
 ful by colonization. Our cousins, the
 children of Shem and Japhet, spreat
 finer the world by voluntary emi
 gration; but we wait till we an
 “forced from home and all its plea»
 ure,” and then refuse to remove fron
 f our prison-house. You and I give tes
 timony to what I mean.. We are Mary
 i landers, but it is not necessary to sa)
 that we are not on the Easter?
 Shore” now. In a word, we ought t&lt;
 j go anywhere, where we can better oui
 condition.
 In these things “my mind ha*
 changed greatly of late.” I did no!
 always believe so, thereupon I havt
 changed. I trust that .1 ain now un
 derstood. If lam not, it is because 1
 am unfortunate in the use of language.
 1 Please to say to the public how much w€
 differ.
 I am your friend and kinsman, foi
 God and Liberty,
 HENRY H. GARNET.
 jGeveva, Feb. 10.
 COMPROMISES OF THE CONSTI
 TUTION. M
 An interesting case, under (he laws
 of 1 Louisiana, has occurred at New Or
 leans. Monsieur L. A. Coppens, a
 French gentlemen, from Martinique,
 after the emancipation by the French
 Republic of the slaves at that place,
 embarked in the British brig Recovery,
 Captain Burke, for New Orleans, ac
 companied by three servants, formerly
 slaves, who had passports from the
 French Government. On the arrival
 of the Recovery at New Orleans, it be
 came the duty of the collector, under
 an act of Congress of the 28th Feb.,
 180:1, to proceed against the captain of
 the brig and passenger, M. Coppens,
 for the recovery of a penalty of $lOOO
 for the introduction of persons of color
 into a State where the local law forbids
 such persons to be intoduced. Special
 bail in such cases is required, and the
 ship is liable to forfeiture. The Delta
 says: “Captain Burke, of the Recov
 ery, M. Coppens and his colored com
 panions, were all arrested and held to
 bail. Y esterday, however, the counsel
 for these parties took a rule to discharge
 the arrest, on the ground that the Uni
 ted States laws having abolished im
 prisonment for debt in all States where
 it was not abolished by State laws,
 which is the case in this State, the par
 ties could not be held to bail. The
 point thus raised involves some very
 important questions of law, which, if
 determined in favor of the position of
 the defendauts,will seriously embarrass
 the enforcement of our whole system of
 revenue laws. The Judge took the
 matter under consideration.”
 It is under this law that colored sail
 ors, citizens of free States, are impris
 oned whenever their business calls
 them to any of the Southern ports. Al
 though it is a direct violation of the
 Constitution, which guaranties to the
 citizens of one Slate all the privileges
 and immunities enjoyed by the citizens
 of any other State, it is nevertheless
 persisted in. And yet those who per
 sist in denying tho Constitutionality of
 this law, threaten to dissolve the Union,
 because some of the free States refuse
 to lend their jails for the imprisonment
 of persons claimed as fugitive slaves!
 If our Southern brethren would pick 1
 the beam out of their own eyes, they j
 would be better able to pluck the motej
 from ours. —Albany Jour.
 ANOTHER SLAVEHOLDING OUT
 RAGE.
 A few days since, a humane gentle
 man, residing in this city, received a
 letter from an acquaintance, a lawyer in
 Baltimore, informing him of the impris
 onment of three young colored men 1
 from Wilmington, Del., in the jail of
 Harford co., and that unless st&gt;so was 1
 raised to pay their dues and jail fees,
 they would he sold as slaves out of the
 State, and entreating him to raise and
 forward the money for their release.
 These men were in the pursuit of an
 honest business; they were charged
 with no crime, and suspected of no evl
 design, but they were guilty of pos
 sessing a dark complexion, and had
 therefore violated the Maryland law,
 which forbids free colored men from
 other States coming into that State, or
 remaining in its waters for more than
 ten days. This case is mentioned, and
 additional circumstances are given by
 our friend Edward Webb, iri another
 column. It seems that the vessel and
 crew belonged to Wilmington,and that,
 having gone up a creek or bay' of the
 Chesapeake on a trading voyage, they
 were frozen in by the sudden cold
 weather, and were unable to leave.—
 The captain, being an old man, and
 unsaleable, was robbed of hts money
 and left; the three remaining persons
 of the crew were seized, thrown into
 jail, and fined s*2oo each, with $5O for
 jail fees, and were to he sold on Friday
 last to satisfy these demands.
 Our blood tingles wilh indignant
 shame that such outrages are tolerated
 in our country. This is one of the
 fruits of “our glorious Union;” an
 other illustration of Southern respect
 for the guarantees of the Constitu
 tion” and 1 ‘Stale rights;” and yet we
 are coolly told of the monstrous ag
 gressions of the North upon the
 South! The shameless impudence of
 the charge is in keeping with the cru
 elty which indicts such outrages as this
 which we have recorded. If the North
 ern people will stand idly and silently,
 and witness such wrongs wrongs
 which would almost give the stones and
 cold eartb-elods indignant speech, they
 deserve all the injuries and insults they
 receive from the Soul hern oppressor.—
 i Penn. Frumau.
SLAVE TRADING IS MASSAC lit'
 SETTS.
 Few persons ere aware of the rami
 ficatiotis of slavery through our systen
 of trade at the North. Here are direc
 influences against freedom existing
 among us, which make themselves lei
 whenever the question of slavery u
 discussed. For this reason, if no other
 it is time that all trafficking in slaves
 should be discountenanced by law tc
 the extent of our State jurisdiction. Th«
 subject will be brought up in our Le
 gislature, and it is well to fix public at
 tention upon the facts.
 A Southern trader wishes to pur
 chase goods in Boston or Lawrence, on
 credit, and offers his note, with a mort
 gage on his slaves, as security. This
 is not unfrequently taken. A lumber
 dealer, not long since, in this city, re
 presented himself as having sold pine
 to a Southerner, and secured himself in
 negroes. Again, a Massachusetts man
 ufacturer wishes to secure he cotton
 crop of a Mississippi planter. He ad
 vances cash three months in anticipa
 tion, and takes security on plantation
 and slaves. Here only one party to the
 transaction is in the Commonwealth.—
 Must he therefore escape the penalty?
 As a consequence of taking slaves
 as security, they must sometimes inevi
 tably fall into the hands of the Massa
 chusetts citizen, who may send them to
 the auction-block, and receive the pro
 duct of their sale. England has passed
 laws against her citizens trafficking in
 slaves. How far has Massachusetts
 the right to do the same
 What wonder, while our merchants
 and manufacturer are thus stained
 with slnveholding, that the moral tone
 of our large cities on the subject of
 slavery should be so depressed? To
 our Legislature, then, belongs the duty
 of finding a remedy for so great a dis
 honor and crime resting upon the com
 munity.—Bunion Repub.
 THE BRITISH WEST INDIES.
 The politicians of Jamaica talk of
 separating front the mother country,
 and annexing themselves to the United
 States. Hands off, gentlemen We
 w'ant not your company. “As ye have
 brewed, so you must bake.” The
 only motives of the Jamaica planters
 to this annexation would be the re
 establishment of slavery; to this they
 have been encouraged by Mr. Calhoun’s
 proposition to re-establish Slavery
 Hayti, Mr. Yulee’s proposition to annex
 Cuba for the purpose of preventing the
 abolition of Slavery, and the attempt
 of our statesmen Northern and
 Southern, to’ f€-esfnßlish slavery ffi
 New Mexico and California, and to
 establish it originally in Oregon. But
 even if Jamaica w r ere annexed, a prop
 osition to re-establish slavery there
 would fail. The colored population,
 nine-tenths of the whole, would fight
 for liberty. And they would make a
 desperate fight too; for they are much
 stronger now' than they were fifty years
 ago, when a few of them, retiring to
 the mountains, held all British power
 in defiance, and were finally subdued
 with great difficulty.—Admitting that
 southern chivalry would sacrifice a!
 hundred millions of dollars, to reduce
 the colored Jamaicans to Slavery, we 1
 feel assured that Northern, Middle,
 and Western plebianisin would not; i
 and without the consent of the latter,!
 the former could not pass the necessary
 bills. We will throw out every moral
 consideration, and consider the case
 merely as a case of cash; and the
 necessary conclusion is that, the South
 cannot, and the North and West will
 not, pay for re-establishing Slavery in
 Jamaica.
 If then we must take the Jamaicans
 as free what shall we do with them?
 We must govern them 'as a territory,
 till they were fit for a state, and in the
 mean time, must receive their territorial
 delegate in Congress. He would be
 a colored man; for as according to
 modern doctrines in some quarters,
 Congress could not legislate tor the
 territories, they must legislate for
 themselves; and as Anglo-Saxon in
 stitutions now prevail in Jamaica, the
 majority must govern, whether upon
 freehold, household, or universal suf
 frage. Would the members from
 South Carolina take their seats heside
 the delegate from Jamaica? Even the
 members from Massachusetts would
 demur. As the Federal (ioverament
 have never acknowledged the indepen
 dence of* Hayti, because that would
 impose the necessitity of recoiling a
 Haytien ambassador, we cannot im
 agine how they would get along with a
 Jamaica delegate. And the cane would
 be much worse when Jamaica applied
 for admission as a state.—With about
 40,(100 whites and 500,000 blacks, its
 senators ami representatives in Con
 gress would probably be colored. How
 will the advocates of annexation solve
 the difficulty, unless upon the utterly
 inadmissible, and impracticable if ad
 missible, basis of re-establishing slave
 ry The thing cannot be done.
 The same dificulty applies to every
 island in the West Indies, Cuba in
 cluded. Several of our journals, and
 one of our Senators, are earnest about
 the annexation of Cuba. But the free
 states will not consent to its annexation
 as slave, nor the Slave States aa free
 territory; and at the whole of it is south
 of “Mason’s and Dixon’s Line,” the
 Missouri Compromise” is oyt of the
 question.
 F row Uk Chritftu Cinacw.
 Tlf® PEACE POLKA'.
 MNBTIMO 101 THC riMUll.
 Nearly 1850 years have come and
 gona since the angels sung their wsf
 of Peace on earth, good wih to men/'
 .l 1 ef the Prince of
JOHN HICK. PciiMHicn
WHOLE NO. 62.
1 eacc. And all the gieat and powerful
 nations of the earth have called them
 selves Christendom, because they pro
 fess to be governed by the principles of
 that Prince of Peace. Peace was to
 be one of the first :ruitsof Christianity,
 under whose reign “the nations were to
 learn war no more; to beat their swords
 into ploughshares, and their spears into
 pruning hook.’ But just see what
 these nominally Christian nations are
 doing from year to year to bring in this
 blessed time. They are exhausting all
 their revenues in working out a condi
 tion which they call a peace' an
 armed peace! Oh how unlike the
 peace predicted by the holy prophets of
 old, when “every man should sit under
 his own vine and fig-tree, with none to
 molest or make him afraid!” They
 have taken 2,500,000 able-bodied men
 from the plough, and trained them, at
 the ploughman's expense, to cut and
 kill with the sword. The cost of this
 strangu peace-armament, according to
 Mr. Cobdcn's estimate, amourts, at the
 lowest calculation, to £200,000,000 a
 year! Let us see what might be done
 with this immense sum, if appropriated
 to agricultural purposes.
 According to well-authenticated sta
 tistics, there are £4,014,000 acres of
 arable, garden, meadow, pasture and
 marsh lands in Great Britain. Let us
 suppose that the fair average value of
 this laud would be £5O per acre; it
 would then amount to £1,700,000,000.
 1 here are also 9,834,000 acres of im
 provable wastes, which we will set
 down at £25 per acre; amounting in
 all to &lt;£248,350,000. Then there are
 12,885,330 acres of improvable wastes
 —worth perhaps £5 per acre; amount
 ing to £04,428,650. If this he a fair
 estimate, then the land of Great Britain,
 if sold outright in the market, would
 bring £2,012,779,050. Now look at
 ti.is fact! The nations of Christendom
 have paid, for mere preparations for
 war, during the last ten years of an
 “armed peace,” enough to buy the
 whole island of Great Britain! Since
 1825, their armed peace” establish
 ment has cost them three times the
 present value of all the acres of this
 ijreut garden of the world!
 There is a family economy sometimes
 practised on a small scale, hy winch
 me party throws out with a teaspoon,
 is fast as the other can throw in with u
 ihovel. But this economy is prudence
 tself, compared with the ‘armed peace’
 policy of nations. Two hundred mil
 lions of pounds sterling a year! Let
 the farmers of Christendom revolve this
 fact in their minds in seed time and
 harvest. The whole agricultural pro
 duce of Great Britain and Ireland, in
 cluding all the horned cattle, horses,
 sheep, swine, poultry, butter, cheese
 and eggs, was estimated in 1840 at
 £197,455,375; or less than the coat of
 he armed peace establishment of Eu
 "opc for that very year! or, in other
 words, all the land, labor, capital and
 •kill invested in agriculture in Great
 Britain and Ireland, does not produce
 Jiiough to support the lighting men and
 itlier instruments of war belonging to
 be pence armament of Christendom 1
 Vnd does not the soldier throw out with
 he point of his bayonet as fast as the
 firmer can throw in with his shovel?—
 Take two neighboring nations, and see
 iow they are affected by this economy,
 I'he whole rental of fertile England
 alls short of the anTiual of the
 leacc’annaments of Great Britain and
 Prance? e. h.
 CONSERVATISM.
 O my Conservative friends, who
 •till specially name and struggle to ap
 prove yourselves ‘Conservative,’ would
 o Heaven 1 could persuade you of
 his world-old Fact than which fide is
 lot surer—that Truth and Justice
 done are capable of being ‘conserved,
 indpreserved! The thing which is
 juju. st, which is not according to God’s
 Law, will you, in a God's I njverse,
 ry to conserve that? It is so old, nay
 youf Yes, and irt the hotter haste
 lught you, of all others, to he in to let
 it grow no older! If hut the faintest
 whisper in your hearts intimate to you
 dint it is not fair, —hasten, for the sake
 Conservatism itself, to probe it rig
 orously, to cast it forth atonce and for
 ever if guilty. How will or can you
 preserve it, the tiling that is not fair?
 ‘lrnpcsibility a thousandfold is marked
 on that. And ye call you rue) ves Con
 servatives, Aristocracies:—ought not
 honour and nobleness of tne mind,
 if they had departed from all the Earth
 elsewhere, to find their last refuge with
 you? Y'c unfortunate!
 The bough that u dead shall be cut
 away for the sake of the tree. Old? It
 is too old. Manv a weary winter has
 it swung and creaked there, and gnawed
 and fretted, with its dead wood, the
 organic substance and still living fibre
 of this good tree; many a long summer
 has its ugly naked brown, uefaced the
 fair green umbrage: every day it has
 done mischief, and that only* off with
 it, for the tree’s sake, if for nothing
 more; let the Conservatism that would
 preserve cut it away. Hid no wood
 forester apprise you that a dead bough
 with its dead root left slicking there is
 extraneous poisonous; is as a dead iron
 spike, some horrid rusty ploughshare
 driven into the living substance;- nay
 is far worse; for in every windstorm
 ("commercial crisis’ or the like, it tret*
 and creaks, jolt* itself to ard Iro, and
 cannot lie quiet a*your dead iron spike
 would Carl fit.
 There i» but one temple m »h« world, and
 ibai m ib* of man Nothing t* holier
 tfcal) this bishYortfl Man is a sun b» sew
 im mm tk planet*
 .Somethin? must he done to restrain the
 nwnww* accumulation of property in ciogte
 bands, to fan hue h* ifijmiiiwo, and secure
 its posesaion to the mam of the community.—
"
