"Notices.
H'Mtern New Vork Anti-Slattery Society.
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, March, ft, at the Anti*
 •Slavery Office, 25, Buffalo Street.
 Attendance w requested at half past
 o'ch*ck precisely.
 VV C NELL, Rec. See
I'lorence Fanning Association.
 At a meeting of the Florence Fanning As*
 -ociation, John \an I)uzen, Chairman, and
 Henry Benedict, Secretary pro tem. the fol-’
 lowing resolutions were adopted unani
 mously
 Resolved. That this Association look upon
 the said Henry Bibb as trying to ondenate the;
 services of the general agent of this Asso
 eialion; we disapprove his course and
 (relieve lliat he is prompted by no good spirit
 to do so, and that we shall sustain our general
 agent in carrying out the Florence enterprise,
 and in such legal measures as he shall take
 against the said Henry Bibb in behalf of the
 Association, and that we find many of the
 citizens ready to unite with us in sustaining
 the general agent—he is not responsible to
 any other set of men except the Associa
 tions of Albany and New Bedford.
 Resolved, 'That this Association expose the
 tajse statements made in a letter in the North
 Stair, by the said Henry Bibb, with intention
 to injure the reputation of its agents and the
 Association, l&gt;oth in Albany and New Bed
 ford, and we still recommend tocitizensof the
 different Stales to emigrate to the country
 from the cities and we also reccomniend to all
 the grantees of the Smith lands in the State
 of New York m the counties of Essex, Frank
 lin, Hamilton, Clinton, and Oneida and that we
 disregard any man or men who undertake to
 destroy the influence of these Associations.
 Resolved, That wc instruct the general
 agent to instruct all sub-agents to commence
 collecting funds for the public works at Flor
 ence as early as possible, and a copy of this
 meeting Ik; sent to three members of the As
 sociation living out of the city, and to the
 following agents:—Abner L. Rogers, Henry
 Fowler, Rev. T. Hunt, Rev. H. Hicks, Rev.
 J- W I&lt;ogan, Rev. L. Tilinon, John Peter
 son, of N&lt; ■w Bedford Wm. M. Griffin and
 Peter Freeman Ftica and Geo. L. Brown
 and Thus. Johnson. And that we recom
 mend the Potash and Lumber Company to
 commence that business as early as possible.
 Resolved, That the proceedings of this
 meeting In' published in th Albany Knicker
 bocker; the North .Star, 0 Rochester; the
 Liberty Press, l tica; the Ram's Horn, New
 York, the Impartial Citizen, Syracuse; the
 Daily Republican, Troy the Wisconsin Free
 Democrat; and a copy of the proceedings be
 "cnt immediately to the New Bedford Asso
 ciation-
 JOHN VAN DUZEN, Chaiiman.
 Henry Benedict, Secretary, pro tern.
 Adjourned to meet again on Tuesday even
 ing at 7 o’clock, at 32 Maiden Lane.
Massachusetts on Slavery.
 The following resolutions were, recently
 introduced into the Massachusetts legislature
 by Mr. Hopkins of Northampton. They were
 ordered to be printed
 hereas, the Declaration of Independence
 sets forth the immutable principles of human
 liberty and whereas the Constitution of these
 i nited Slates was framed and adopted to pro
 mote a more peifect union” for the purpose
 of securing thereby the blessings of liberty
 to ourselves and our posterity therefore,
 Resolved, That the grand object and de
 sign of our National Constitution, and the
 union resulting therefrom, are to secure and
 perpetuate luilbtv that this chief end was
 recognized by our fathers in all their primal
 negotiations and deliberations for union, as
 also in their subsequent acts of legislation—
 that the same end is also regarded by the
 civilized worid as the true aim and purpose of
 our National Institutions.
 Resolved, That we love the Union and
 support the Constitution, because of our confi
 dence in their fitness to the end for which they
 were formed and established that any use of
 their powers (past or future) for the increase
 or continuance of slavery is the grossest
 possible perversion of those powers; and that
 nothing can have a stronger tendency to
 -hake tlie integrity of the Union itself,” by
 rendering it worthless for its great end, than
 any successful persistence in such a course of
 perversion.
 Resolved, That the recent policy of the
 National Government with reference to the
 extension and the security of Slavery does
 involve the grossest perversion and abuse of
 both the Constitution and the Union; that,
 as we have resisted it, so we will continue to
 do that we protest against the prevalence of
 that policy, and demand its distinct renuncia
 tion and disavowal with reference to our
 territorial possessions, by applying to those
 possessions the principles of the Ordinance of
 1787 concerning the territorial possessions of
 that period that we demand a perfect absolu
 tion of the National Government from all con
 nection with or responsibility for Slavery,
 and that all the powers of said Government
 be most w isely and efficiently used in order
 to form a more perfect union, establish jus
 tice, insure a domestic tranquility, provide
 tor the common defence, promote the general
 welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
 ourselves and our posterity.”
 Resolved, That as the examples and in
 lunctions of our fathers have taught us, so
 should our examples and injunctions teach
 our posterity that, to secure liberty of body
 and &lt;&gt;f soul, liberty under law and by law, is
 the great and only purpose and value of civil
 compacts and governments and that we there
 fore declare our determination hereafter, in
 every available form of political action, and by
 every justifiable means, to resist the fostering
 and increase of Slavery under National pro
 tection, to reclaim the National Government
 from its desecrations, and to rc-dircet it to
 those original and noble ends recognized and
 established by our fathers and that, in mak
 ing tins declaration, we are but simply faitli
 tul to the principles of our country and to the
 interests of mankind.
 Resolved, That in view uf questions now
 pending lieforc the National legislature, un
 precedented in the importance and the extent
 oi their homing upon these principles of na
 tion il policy, we feel impelled to call upon
 our K preseiitattves and to instruct our Sena
 tors in ongress not only unceasingly to op
 pose the extension ot Slavery into our territo
 ries, hut to erect all barriers to its possible
 introduction, and m seek the abolition of
 Slavery and the Slave trade in all places of
 exclusive national jurisdiction.
 Resolved, That bis Excellency the Gov
 rnor Ire directed to transmit copies of these
 resolves to our Senators and Representatives
 m Congress, to Itchy them laid before the two
 I louses of Congress, as expressing tl, e strong
 and unalterable sentiments of tlo- 0 j-
 Massachusetts.
Slavery in the Territories.
 The Wasliinglon Correspondent of the Bos
 ton Courier, rcjHuts the following I'tom a
 recent Congressional Sjreechof Gen. Wilson,
 of New Hampshire.
 In a rare specimen of rapid and forcible
 argumentation, Gen. Wilson declared hun
 If utterly opposed to the rule of slavery,
 and the spread of tlaveiy. This institution
 had governed the country long enough. The
 slave-power had predominated and conirolcd
 the action of the government ever since the
 "at iii the revolution. It had been the re
 volving point of our |*olitiea! system from the
 beginning, li hat], beside, already added five
 )*lau: states to the I mon. il had brought
 1 esas and the war with Mexico. It was now
 making gigantic efforts to convert the immense
 territories of New Mexico and California into
another enormous slave district. He vat'
 invincibly rtftpo—d to this last and most im
 portant of all its movements. Bat aside from
 the political aspects of the subject, other coo
 operated with intense force upon
 hi* mind. Slavery he regarded as a terrible
 corse to any country. The brown decay
 which every where marks the face of the
 country, even here in the fruitful valley of the
 Potomac; the looped and windowed wretch
 edness visible from the dome of this very
 Capitol, tells os of the curve of slavery. Its
 withered witnesses stalk in these streets, ft
 speaks in the ragged, loitering. Mack eques
 trian, who guides the motley and uncouth
 teams upon the highways; in the wretched
 implements of husbandry, in seared and ex
 hausted fields, in pony and shrivelled animal
 life. Why, sir, the very beasts, whose bony
 frames rattle beneath their tattered harness as
 they slowly drag the crazy, creeking wagons
 of past ages, which often'lumber the streets
 of this city, cry out against Slavery- The
 earth groans, and the air is vocal with anathe
 mas upon.this institution. Tell me not of the
 dangers of a dissolution of this confederacy
 of states, if we attempt to stay its further
 spread. lam not to be deterred by any such
 considerations. Ido not believe in any such
 dangers. But if I did, it would make no dif
 ference in my action at this great crisis. No,
 Sir! Sooner than give my consent to the
 i extension of human slavery over a single
 hair’s breadth of territory, now free, 1 would
 say—“ Let the Union be dissolved Nay,
 sir, let the Universe dissolve
Emancipation In Kentucky.
 The Maysville Eagle contains the proceed
 ings of the meeting of citizens of Mason Co.
 held on the 12th inst. in pursuance, to a call
 signed by 523 voters. The meeting was a
 large one, and the following resolutions among
 others were adopted.
 Resolved, That in the opinion of this
 meeting, the institution of Slavery is a great
 political and social evil, for the existence of
 which in Kentucky, however the present gen
 eration is not at all responsible.
 Resolved, That in our opinion, a gradual
 and prospective system of emancipation, ac
 companied by colonization, should be adopted
 by our State. We regard such a project as
 practicable, politic, and humane, and earnestly
 desire to see it accomplished.
 Resolved, That while we declare ourselves
 in favor of some carefully devised plan of
 emancipation, which should be gradual in its
 operation, we are utterly opposed to any sys
 tem which shall not result in the final removal
 of the Black race from Kentucky.
 Rev. William Breckenbkidge, in a com
 munication to the Louisville Journal, proposes
 the following plan for emancipation in Ken
 tucky
 1. That all slaves bern after a fixed time
 (say the adoption of the new Constitution, or
 such latter day as may be approved,) shall lie
 free at a certain age, (say twenty-five
 years,) provided they are in the State at
 that time. The intioduction of slaves from
 abroad being absolutely prohibited from the
 adoption of the Constitution.
 2. That emancipated slaves, as they become
 free to pass under the care and control of the
 Stale, and to be sent to Liberia, or elsewhere
 if they ptefer, whenever they shall possess by
 gift, or their own hire, sufficient means to re
 move them, and maintain them a reasonable
 time. To all of which [I will add—power in
 the Legislature to exempt individual cases
 from the general law of removal.
 The Rev writer proposes to discuss the
 plan in future communications.
 In the Legislature Hon. George Robertson,
 fate Chief Justice and now Representative
 from Lexington, has offered the following,
 which, with others on the other side, was
 laid on the table:
 Resolved, First, that the members of this
 House do not consider domestic Slavery a
 blessing. Second, That they do not dcsiro
 the perpetuation of domestic Slavery in Ken
 tucky. Third’ That they deem it wise to
 acquiesce in the destiny of Slavery in this
 State, as influenced in its ultimate results, by
 the operations of natural and intrinsic causes.
 Fourth, That in the existing condition ol
 Slavery in this State, no practicable scheme
 of compulsive emancipation would be cither
 just, wise or philanthropic.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 2, 1849.
Liberia.
 This country, originally comprising a tract
 of land obtained by the Colonizationists of
 the United States, especially for the expatria
 tion of the free colored people from their
 native land, on the west coast of Africa, may
 now Ire regarded as an independency, rela
 tively, according to their own declaration.—
 This infant colony is composed entirely of col
 ored people, not exceeding five thousand in
 number, and however unfavorable the location,
 geographically considered, situated as it is
 about the sixth degree of North latitude,
 might become a place of note and interest,
 had those into whose hands the destinies of
 the nation have fallen, been composed of a
 different material, morally and qualifiedly.
 In speaking upon this subject, we have no
 sympathy with the degrading, expatriating,
 insolent, slaveholding scheme of American
 Colonization, but look upon Liberia, in it*
 present state, as having thwarted the design
 of the original schemers, its slaveholding
 founders, which evidently was intended, as
 they frequently proclaimed it, as a receptacle
 for the free colored people and superanuated
 slaves of America; but we view it in the
 light of a source of subsequent enterprise,
 which no colored American should permit
 himself to lose sight of. This being under
 stood, we shall proceed to review the charac
 ter ot some of her prominent citizens, in do
 ing which, we shall select the two head* of
 Government, Executive and Judical.
 Judge Benedict, chief of the Supreme Ju
 dicial department, whatever may be his liter
 ary qualifications, (which, to say the least,
 are of questionable repute, though perhaps
 the Irest lliat could be obtained, and equal to
 the emergency,) is a person of no force of
 character or fixed moral principles. His
 w ife, having been purchased by himself, who,
 according to the barbarous] customs of the
 South, held a bill of sale against her person,
 finding a just cause for refusing to him the
 affections of her bosom, he sailed to Africa
 without her, where he again endeavored to
 win her affections to him; but this she re
 fused, unless he agreed to separate his at
 tachment to one who-then, and for years
 before he sailed, which was not discovered
 by her previous to thw tune, had occupied the
 place of violator of her conjugal rights, and
 impious defiler of her sacred chamber, and
 who now had claim* upon him as strong as
 the partner of ha bosom.
 On the peremptory refusal of his wife to
 live as the partner of her divided affections,
 he (it is said) actually attempted to sell her
 to the first purchaser, trader or not, for any
 purpose for which a slavevader might
 a female slave, offeiing lire felt of sale through
 his Southern agent, the attempt at which as
uwmed the SnAtnasaf her neighborhood,
 thtt they itnmedoidy interfered—riavehoW
 ei* themselves interfering, who brought to
 there aid and ansbunce Judge Berrien, who
 indignantly opposed the an u being inhuman,
 though probably hud it been any other esse
 than an attempt by a husband to sell his
 wife, the judge, if never before, at this time
 was certainly a just judge, would have justi
 fied the act. And this man Benedict, guilty
 of the attempt to sell his own wife into hope
 less servitude, u kn expounder of the Lew,
 and*a Moralist— a Minister of Justice, and
 model man of Liberia f The better feelings
 of our nature recoil at the idea of the tolera
 tion of such a wretch in any capacity wherein j
 pends the responsibility of our destiny, or hope
 of our elevation.
 Bat our intention was more particularly
 designed to call attention to the course pur
 sued by J. J. Roberts, reputed President of
 the new Republic, and who, for many years
 previous to the independence, held the official
 station of Agent of the American Coloniza
 tion Society, and Governor of Liberia—a
 man whom the Colonizationiats and slave
 holders in the United States extolled to the
 skies—even that venerable slave-breeder and
 pre-eminent negro-dreader, the thnee honora
 ble and thrice unlucky Henry Clay, pro
 nounced to be equal to the most eminent ex
 ecutives and statesmen in our country.
 A person receiving such high ctdogium
 and commendation, would at least be expected
 to possess, and in his official intercourse espe
 cially, to manifest those elevated and enno
 bling traits of character—a high degree of
 self-respect, and a high sense of the import
 ance of his position—a demeanor and dignity
 of purpose commensurate with his station as
 the Executive of a free, sovereign, inde
 pendency, and honorable to the nation w hose
 representative he is. This could at least
 have been hoped and expected of Roberts,
 whatever contempt we may have enteitained
 toward him as a fawning servilian to the
 negro-hating Colonizationiats.
 This we were forced to expect of him, be
 fore we could conceive the idea and admit of
 his fitness-for the station he occupied. What
 ever prejudices v.e may have entertained
 toward him, after the declaration of inde
 pendence of Liberia, wc felt charitably dis
 posed, and endeavored to make ourself be
 lieve that Roberts accepted of the position
 from the American Colonizationists through
 policy, accepting of their pationagc pnly until
 a favorable opportunity would ensue for the
 honorable establishment of a free, independ
 ent sovereignty. No one conceived for a
 moment that Roberts desired degradation, nor
 would voluntarily solicit submission. Con
 temptible as we conceived him to lie,we never
 dreamed of the extent of his miserable,
 crouching baseness.
 Immediately subsequent to the independ
 ence of Liberia, either for the want of proper
 qualification on the part of others, or the
 result of Lis own political intrigue—most
 probably the latter—Roberts, though Presi
 dent of the Republic, received the appoint
 ment by his country of Envoy Extraordinary,
 Minister Plenipotentiary, and Commissioner,
 to negotiate with England, France, Prussia,
 and other governments, discretionary with
 himself, for a recognition of the indepcnence
 of the Republic of Liberia, at present the last
 of Republics, in the order of their sovereign
 establishment, and though the smallest, weak
 est and poorest, we are in hopes that it may
 yet become the greatest, strongest, and
 wealthiest on the globe.
 Roberts, in his mission to England, met
 with great success, having treated with Ixird
 Palmeiston, receiving many government fa
 vors at his hands. In France he met with a
 like success, with marks of distinction and
 attention due his rank. Many of the foreign
 ministers of different courts, much interested
 themselves in behalf of President Roberts, pro
 mising to do all they could with their govern
 ments to facilitate the objects of bis mission.
 Though up to this time, Roberts had been
 ignorant of the importance of his position
 and the destiny of his people—though for
 years he may have existed merely by suffer
 ance, as the servile minion of the misanthropic
 Colonizationists of the South, and pro-slavery
 Colonizationists of the North, now that a new
 arena had lieen opened to his vision, a new
 field of action presented itself—an interest of
 sea and land, having called him into active
 service, where he stood unfettered and disen
 thralled, having cast off the menial garb of a
 slave, posted with the dignity of true man
 hood, clothed in the paraphernalia of a nation’s
 representative, and armed with the proud
 panoply of a freeman’s rights—these, the
 new scenes around him, this, his new and
 elevated position in the world, were, had he
 been susceptible of it, sufficient in themselves
 to make him sensible of the respect due to
 his people, if not his own importance as an
 equal.
 But instead of that manly, dignified,
 statesmanlike course, such as became a Min
 ister of State, his very first act after the
 marked distinction and distinguished favors
 received at the hands of governments and
 statesmen, is an act of the most pitiable degra
 dation, the most blasting reproach and civil
 outrage upon his people, that was ever perpe
 trated by a mendicant.
 Like the slave; cap in band, obedient to
 the commands of the dons who employ
 them," bidden ou an errand of his master,
 President Roberts no sooner concludes the
 business of his mission, a knowledge and
 official account of which was alone due to his
 own government, but he writes to A. G.
 Phelps, a Colonizationist of the United
 States, giving him an official report of his
 proceedings as the Minister of Liberia, an
 independent nation If ever the curse of
 slavery were manifest in the character of man,
 it has fully exhibited itself in this man
 Roberts.
 The degradation to himself might readily
 be exietmated, the act being strictly in char
 acter with the man but the insult and dis
 grace meted to hi* people should ’not find pal
 liation in his plea of ignorance. Not content
 with the stigma thrown into the face of the
 Liberians by his first report to Phalpsjbut
 adding aggravation to insult, promises that
 so soon as be arrive* home to give him a
 full and elaborate report” of all his doings.
 Here, faithful to the trust reposed in him
 by his American while masters, this man
 Roberts discards the people whom he feigns
 to represent, considering it a we4~irriwwin
 so to do, spares at the idea of reporting to
 them the result of his mission, bat as a serf
lo fats lord, considers it an honor and special
 privilege to snfamtt bis doings first ton white
 man; hence, that mafignaot libeller of ear
 nee, A. G. Phelps, was selected and reported
 to over the beads of his country and people.
 The acts and conduct of Roberts have n
 hearing not only upon the Liberians ns a
 nation, bat upon the •’hole colored race in
 America, since descended from the
 American colored race, whatever marks the
 coarse of progress in his present position,
 will be seized hold of by the slaveholders and
 their abettors, as true evidence of tire Ameri
 can colored man’s character and susceptibility.
 Hence, we protest against his whole coarse
 in regard to his agency and intercourse, either
 directly or indirectly, with the Colonization
 ists, especially this crowning act of baseness
 and servility, in reporting his official doings to
 A. G. Phelps, a private white man in the
 United States, instead of his country; aver
 ring, that do his government or the national
 council not impeach him for this act, they are
 unworthy of freedom, and only fit to be slaves.
 —M. R. D.
Correction.—The Ohio Black Laws are
 repealed.
 The Exchange from which we copied last
 week it seems was incorrect in announcing
 the defeat of the Ohio Black Laws. They
 have been abolished except so far as relates to
 Juries, and the Poor Laics. The debate,
 which was higlfr interesting in its exhibitions
 of a struggl# for, Right rs. Expediency,”
 will soon be submitted to our readers. The
 New Concord (Ohio) Free Press, thus al
 ludes to the result, by which it will be seen,
 there is yet work for the friends of Universal
 Freedom in the State of Ohio.
 Even this is a great triumph—a victory of
 humanity over oppression—a victory worth
 all the efforts of the friends of freedom in
 Ohio. But it is, at best, but an insult to onr
 colored friends. To give a starving man—
 when you have plenty—a little piece of bread,
 enough only to excite his appetite still more,
 is not only an insult done to him, but is an
 outrage upon humanity. The colored popu
 lation has been in a starving condition, for
 want of the benefits of education, and the
 enjoyments of various precious rights, and
 now our Legislature gives them only a small
 share of what they should have. Hundreds
 and hundreds of petitions have been going
 up from all parts of the State lor the repeal
 of, not the Black Laws, but all laws making
 distinctions on account of color.” Nothing
 but this will satisfy the demand of the friends
 of equal rights—nothing else will satisfy the
 demands of justice. Our mock Legislature
 need not think to lull the friends of human
 rights to rest by this half loaf.” Next win
 ter we will have the same'seene over again.
 Petitions from all parts will again go up for
 the repeal of all laws making distinctions
 on account of color.” The spirit of free
 dom will not thus be smothered.
The Ohio Black Laws.
 The bill passed by the House and reported
 to the Senate, has been adopted by thejlatter
 body, though not until it was amended, in
 which amendment the House subsequently
 concurred. The “State Journal” gives the
 following synopsis of its provisions
 Sec.- 1, provides for the creation of school
 districts for colored schools, and creates the
 office of trustee for them.
 Sec. 3, provides for the election of trustees,
 by the colored tax payers.
 Sec. 3, dedicates the tax paid by colored
 persons to the support of the colored schools.
 Sec. 4, provides that the districts for col
 ored persons shall be deemed distinct bodies
 politic. 4
 Sec. 5, defines who shall be deemed to be
 colored.
 Sec. 6, repeals all laws creating disabili
 ties, or conferring privileges on account of
 color.
The Black Laws of Ohio.—The follow
 ing resolution was passed at a recent conven
 tion of colored people, in Columbus, Ohio.
 The object of the convention w as to seek the
 repeal of all laws which requite the free
 blacks to leave the State, or emigrate else
 where.
 Resolved, That we will never leave this
 country while one of our brethren groans in
 slavish fetters in the United States, but will
 remain on this soil and contend for our rights,
 and those of our enslaved race—upon the
 rostrum —in the pulpit—in the social circle,
 and upon the field, if necessary, until liberty
 to the captive shall be proclaimed throughout
 the land.
Ohio for Free Soil.—The following
 Resolutions were introduced into the Ohio
 Senate on the 13th ult. by Mr. Blake, from
 the Committee on Federal Relations, and
 were adopted by a vote of 2G to 9
 Resolved, by the General Assembly of the
 State of Ohio, That our Senators and Repre
 sentatives in Congress be requested to use all
 honorable means to secure the application of
 so much of the Ordinance of 1787 as relates
 to Slavery, to all Territories belonging to the
 United States.
 Resolved. That the Governor be requested
 to foward a copy of the foregoing resolution
 to each of our Senators and Representatives
 in Congress.
Negroes iji Ohio. —The recent census of
 Ohio shows that there are in the southern di
 vision of the State 15,005 colored persons,
 and in the northern division, 2,311.
Michigan Constitution.—The Legisla
 ture of this State are taking incipient steps
 towards calling a convention to revise the
 Constitntion. Among the objects which are
 contemplated to be effected are, to change the
 annual sessionseffthe Legislature to biennial,
 the election of S£jptors and Representatives
 by single districts; and of rendering elective
 by the people many offices which are now
 filled by executive appointment.
Is it So T—The Columbus correspondent of
 the True Democrat of Cleveland, Ohio, bears
 the following testimony to the moral influence
 of politics.
 The idea of a Universal Brotherhood is a
 beautiful one—but it can exist only in the
 beautiful theory of the Ideal. Let a man stay
 here one week and mingle in the excitement
 of the political circles, and the idea of Bro
 therhood will leave him, as the dew leaves
 the flowers at the appearance of the nnofoud
 ed morning sun.”
 If that exciting game dues thus destroy the
 essence of Christianity, and excite a selfish
 strife and jealously instead of fraternal love,
 as be intimates, is it the proper means for re
 formers to use to quell the discords of the
 world, and draw men into a true brotherhood
 asks the Pennsylvania Freeman.
Long Napoleon is* Ucmua. —The
 New Orleans Della Bays that some 12 or 15
 yean ago, when Louis Napoleon sojourned in
 the United States, hf aptni some tune in
 Lonisiana, and mas so much pleased with
 that region, that be enie named serious in
 tentions of becoming a sugar planter. He
 endeavored to effect the purchase of a plan
 tation, but for waal of a good endorser the
 arrangement did not succeed.
 JO* Grapes are produced in f'ahfbrata in
 great abundance. One man with WOO vines
 realised $lOOO from their culture
A Gftgsm OfAittW
 Jo ms Dick -tTlus wffl inform yoo, that
 the —UeuUme at this phn base not received
 a paper since the ■aiehn td Feb. 2d, and
 that was received by An Southern mail, from
 Wilmington, North Carolina. Altogether,
 we hare received four numbers in the last
 three months. The subscribers are some
 what dissatisfied at not getting the paper.
 The Postmaster says the mistake is made at
 the Philadelphia they, seeing
 the package marked with red chalk and
 slightly, overlook its destination and send it
 South. Very respectfully,
 A.J. W.
 Wilmington, Del., Feb. 18, 1849.
ID 3 1 am sorry to say that there is not a
 word of truth in this statement. The Wil
 mington nor any other parcel has ever
 been sent from this office marked with red
 chalk. It is an unmitigated falsehood, in
 vented by the vile spawn of slavery who have
 the management of the postoffice in Wil
 mington. Cannot the postmaster be held
 responsible for the delivery of these papers
 Is there no law in Delaware which would
 convict him of petty larceny for this theft
 The price of a score of North Stars is very
 nearly a dollar a-week fifty-two dollars
 a-year. Is not this a theft of the meanest
 and most disreputable kind The sub
 scribers aii somewhat dissatisfied.” They
 have good reason to be. But they will hence
 forth know to whom the blame attaches. The
 Wilmington parcels have been sent weekly,
 with the address written in black ink, in a
 very large and legible hand, and I have not
 the slightest doubt that every one of their,
 reached its destination in safety. But this
 Jack in office does not see fit to deliver tliese
 papers to our colored subscribers, as if he,
 forsooth, were the guardian of their morals,
 and had any right to say what they should or
 should not read fi| Shade of Benjamin Frank
 lin! what a postoffice
 ‘‘Those potatoes they grow small,
 Over t lie re!”
 In another point of view, this presents a
 melancholy picture. It is by no means a rare
 case. It is indeed an every-day occurrence.
 Not only newspapers, but letters also are
 continually, and without any hesitation, with
 held from their rightful owners. It is part of
 the policy of the slave system. Of course
 the postmasters have no right or law to pro
 tect them in doing this but what are these
 to a slaveholder? He who can steal a man,
 will not hesitate to steal a letter, or to perpe
 trate any other or meaner villany, if meaner
 there is in the catalogue of crimes. It is not
 friendly to the state of society at the South
 that even free negroes should be permitted to
 read anti-slavery publications, or indeed any
 thing of consgguence of any kind, unless,
 perhaps, Colonization tracts, or some such
 trash. The infection might spread amongst
 the slaves. They also, if the North Star
 and other similar publications were allowed to
 circulate freely amongst the free colored peo
 ple, might learn from them something of
 their rights, and would possibly become tur
 bulent and discontented. To prevent this
 result, the watchful guardians of the slave
 destroy these publications. They afso, as I
 said before, abstract his letters. It is but a
 few days since two Virginians came to this
 city, in pursuit of a fugitive from that State,
 in consequence, as I believe, of the arrival
 there of a letter posted from this office. The
 letter was sent from here, but the man was
 elsewhere. This was done on purpose to
 mislead these slaveholding villains, if they
 attempted pursuit. The scheme succeeded,
 and they had their journey for their pains.—'
 And in the midst of all this, people are every
 day in the habit of calling this a free country!
 A free country Free with three millions
 of slaves, and five or six hundred thousand
 nnenfranchised colored citizens “It is the
 best condition for the colored race. We intel
 ligent whites know best what is good for
 them. They would sink into degradation and
 misery if left to themselves.” Psha! the
 common excuse of all tyrants. It is the very
 idea of Judge Jeffries and the Star Chamber,
 and the Bloody Mary and the good Queen
 Bess,” and the Spanish Inquisition. Here
 we have the (so-called) freest nation on the
 globe, at this late day, putting an embargo
 upon intelligence—trying to perpetuate ignor
 ance-standing, as it were, between God’s
 sun and God’s creatures, for whose benefit it
 shines, and saying, I will not allow tftexe to
 be enlightened by the sun’s rays, or warmed
 by its heat.” Vain attempt! The Truth is
 mighty—mightier far than all its enemies.
 In the mean time, this miserable effort to
 gag us will be signally defeated. Fortunately
 there are other means of conveyance to Wil
 mington besides the mail bags. We are not
 under the necessity of employing an agent
 who appropriates to himself the articles com
 mitted to his care. Those other means have
 been tried. Will A. J. W., at lus earliest
 convenience, report with what success.—j.d.
Fugitive Slaves.— ln the Virginia House
 of Delegates, on Tuesday 18th ult. a report
 was made from a Select Committee on the
 subject of the existing laws of Congress in
 reference to the recovery of fugitive slaves.
 The report states that the present laws are
 entirely inadequate to the object for which
 they were desigued,andfthat, as interpreted in
 the Northern States they are not of a particle
 of effect. The report concludes with the fol
 lowing amongst othrer resolutions, which
 adopted by the House
 I. Resolved by the General Assembly of
 V trginia, That the Senators and Representa
 tives of this Slate in the Congress of the
 United States, be requested to use their
 earnest and persevering efforts, to have the
 act passed on the 12th of February, 1793, so
 amended, as more effectually to secure to the
 slave owners in the South, the right* guaran
 teed to them by the 3d clause, 2d section and
 4th article of the Constitution of the United
 States.
The Albany correspondent of the N. Y.
 Courier Enquirer, says that arrangements
 are under consideration by the several Rail
 way &lt;Companies between Albany and Buffalo,
 and Michigan Central Road, as will put the
 passengers through in two and a half days
 from New York to Chicago.
Got him Dows.—lt will be seen by tele
 graph from Cincinnati that Gen. Taylor made
 no speech there, owing to an accident which
 befcl him at Madison. The office seekers
 made such a rush upon him at the latter place,
 that they knocked him heels over head over
 some salt barrels and knocked his Cincinnati
 speech entirely out of him. The old man can
 stand Indians and Mexicans in crowds, bat
 can’t stand office seekers. We opine he will
 be used upmlaHamMm. Citvt. Plauukakr.
Cold Enough. —ln Leeds, Greene Co. N.
 Y., on the Ibth ult. the theimometr stoed 99
 deg below aero; on, the 19th 14 below.
Colsilwtlw
 Time who are interested in this subject,
 will feed the article m am first page, from
 the Presbyterian Herald. It is, a» it
 necessarily be, like all articles written by
 Cofooisatiaaists. illogical in its reasoning
 unchristian in its spirit. The wnler sets out
 with a statement, that 14 the developments of
 society in this country are rapidly tending to
 work out the principle, that the only Safe and
 sore method of elevating the African race, w
 to separate them from the Saxon race.” This
 is a hat the writer affirms—but it is not true
 for the 44 developments of society are taking
 quite another and ntore humane direction*
 They 44 are rapidly tending to work out the
 principle,” that American prejudice against
 color, although strong, is not indomitable,
 and that ere long even those who are roost
 under its influence will awake to right reason
 and an acknowledgment of its absurdity.
 Further on the writer says—
 Whether this desire to get rid of them
 [the colored people) on the one hand, and not
 to receive them on tlie other, be right or
 wrong, we undertake not to settle at the pre
 sent time.”
 Why not undertake to settle it This does
 appear to me to be ihe most important part of
 the question. Nothing else, indeed, is of
 any importance. If it is right it ought to be
 if it is wrong, it ought not to be. In deciding
 this everything is decided.
 It is, fixed fact, which cannot
 b£ changed until society is completely revolu
 tionized in its present modes of thought and
 feeling, and as a fact it has to be met and
 dealt with by the philanthropist. He must
 frame his plans to meet the condition of so
 ciety as it actually exists, and not as he would
 have it to be.”
It was a “fixed fact* in India,not long’since,
 and that 44 fixed fact” still prevails to a consi
 derable extent, that when a man died, his
 wife was burned with the dead body. Ac
 cording to the reasoning of this Presbyterian
 writer, the missionaries in that country had
 nothing to do with the fixed fact,” but to
 frame their plans to meet the condition of
 society”!—A manifest absurdity. What,
 indeed, is the avowed object of all missionary
 operations? Is it not to unfix every fixed
 fact” that is opposed to the precepts of
 Christianity Probably this writer is a min
 ister. What is, or ought to be his object in
 every Sunday preaching to his congregation 1
 Is it not to remove the fixed facte” of sin,
 ignorance, and suffering—to teach his hearers
 how to live well—to die well His preach
 ing amounts to little, if it has not this object.
 But it is needless to follow this writer to
 the end of the article. The most obtuse
 reader must discover at a glance that it con
 tains little logic and less Christianity. It is,
 however, a fair sample of the class to which
 it belongs. All the writers in favor of col
 onization —among them not ■a few very pious
 and orthodox reverends —begin ju3t ex
 actly at the wrong end. They find the fixed
 facts first, and then pare down their Chris
 tianity and their plans to a level therewith.
 Who does not see that this is an inversion of
 the order of things? Christianity is a pro
 test against all wrong-doing. It does not in
 quire whether the wrong is a fixed fact” or
 any other kind of fact; it simply says, This
 must not be. Those who have a rule of
 action other than this, may be Presbyterians,
 or Baptists, or Methodists, but they are not
 Christians. —j. d.
Religious Knavery.
 The Utica Contributor gives an account of
 the doings of a Baptist church in Vermont,
 which arc rather remarkable in their way,
 1 illustrating as they do what kind of Chris
 tianity it is that many of these churches pro
 fess. The church records are given as fol
 lows
 Juue 6, 1840—Church met: meeting open
 ed by prayer by br. Wright. Voted, that
 there be a Committee appointed- to bring for
 ward resolutions on the subject of slavery for
 discussion.
 Business meeting, Jan. 27, 1840.—Church
 met according to adjournment; meeting
 opened by prayer, and records read. Com
 mittee reported two resolutions on slavery.—
 Report accepted, and the resolutions adopted
 as follow s
 Resolved, That we will not knowingly ad
 mit to membership in our church, to the
 table -of the Lord, or into our pulpit, aiiy
 person who is a slaveholder or a defender
 of slaveiy, or who refuses to testify against it.
 Resolved, That this church hold no fellow
 ship with slavery or slaveholding churches, or
 with any brother or sister that associates with
 and voluntarily remains a member of such
 churches, until they repent and forsake such
 practices.”
 So far so good. But there is a sequel to
 this story.
 “Business meeting .July 25,1840.—Church
 met, and a move was made to rescind the sec
 ond resolution on slavery, which caused con
 siderable discussion, and was finally withdrawn
 for a move with regard to the sisters’ right to
 vote. The discussion was arrested by a mo
 tion to adjourn.
 August 14, 18-10. Church met. The
 subject of rescinding the second resolution on
 slavery, recently adopted, being under con
 sideration voted 'o lay the question on the
 table. Voted to rescind ihe last vote taken.
 The motion was tried on rescinding said reso
 lution, and was lost.”
 So the vote was a second time affirmed. A
 worthy deacon of the church, however, has
 a son who had been South, officiating as pas
 tor of a slaveholding church—it is even hinted
 dealing in slaves, who wishes to unite with
 that church, and has brought a recommenda
 tion from his aforesaid Southern brethren. It
 is therefore necessary that the resolution
 withdrawing fellowship from the members of
 slaveholding churches should be rescinded.—
 How is that to be done- Here is one plan
 hinted at above—namely, that of calling in
 question the sisters’ right to vote, when their
 vote appears likely to turn the scale against
 this worthy deacon and bis slavdeahog son.
 That failed. But there is still a last resource.
 Here it is. At a business meeting, held Sept.
 26, 1840, one of the brethren presented a
 communication, signed by bimsclf and some
 half-dozen like-minded, stating, among other
 things, that they were opposed to the second
 resolution, as it bail s tendency to divide the
 church; and to calling on sisters to vole in
 business meetings. This brought about what
 follows:
Business meeting, Oct. 2, 1840.—Voted
 to call a council to consider said communica
 tion embracing the grief of the subscribers.
 Voted, to send to six churches within this
 Association, and three without, to send their
 pastor and one delegate to sit in council to
 gether.”
 What did the council dot Aa was to be
 expected—&lt;for when did it happea other
wise, when the opinion of a conclave of
 priests was to decide the msttcr 1 it was de
 cided to crush at once the rising spirit of
 liberty, and rescind the second resolution
 also to state that the sisters in the church de
 served a 44 modest rebuke,” especially since
 “their tenacity of female rights his been so
 signally manifested in voting for the several
 resolutions.”
 So thus ended the matter and the slave
 holding son of the excellent deacon was
 Christianized, and slavery councils ha?e
 doubtless ruled in that church, (as they have
 in many others, and do now,) for the space of
 eight years, this being ib«f last mention of
 any difficulty on the subject. If Christiana
 are to be known “by their fruits,” by what
 name shall churches that fellswsbip men
 stealers I* distinguished Like draws to
 like.” The man who can excuse or counte
 nance robbery, must l»e himself at heart a
 thief; he who can hold fellowship with a
 slaveholder, and give him his friendship and
 encouragement, only wants an opportunity to
 be himself his equal in that heaven-defying
 iniquity. When will the professedly hm
 tian church set itself right on this matter
 If those who are called infidels practise the
 principles of Christianity, and the nominal
 Christians do not, what is it hut that t'hns
 tianity has left the church, and gone into the
 highways and hedges? Apply the test, and
 ponder the result— 44 By their fruits ye shall
 know them.”—j. n.
A merited Reproof.
 Mrs. Jane G. Swisshvlm, of the Pitts
 burgh Visiter, discourses some home-truths to
 the editor of the Christian Herald—a paper
 which took the place of the Mystery, and
 the apparent organ of the colored people in
 that city. Here is a portion ot the article.
 Albeit it has more of the fortiter in n than
 the suaviter in modo. But that is none ot my
 business.
 What aTe the colored people of Pitts
 burgh about, that they maintain this Green
 editor, who, for all we can see, never utters a
 .word against the ecclesiastical leagues which
 buy and sell his brethren; but can devote
 whole columns to canting about eurls Tilings
 were not wont to be so in I Many’s time.
 This ninny who joins hands w ith the oppres
 sors of his people, and spends his time mak
 ing ridiculous charges against those who
 would right their wrongs, should be set to
 some other business.”
 Week after week, 1 have looked into bro
 ther Green’s paper, in the hope of finding at
 least some symptom that lie had the faintest
 shadow of sympathy for his oppressed kins
 men and have, up to this time been soitow
 fully disappointed. If colored men, when
 they have the opportunity, fail to cry aloud
 against the wrongs under which they suffer,
 they, at least, need not lie surprised that
 those wrongs ase not removed. There arc
 other enemies of the colored man, besides
 northern pro-slavery sentiment, and amongst
 I these are their own rascality, .selfishness, and
 Methodism. That kind of praying is tho
 best which brings forth the fruits of action.
 It is an old saying, and a true one, that
 44 Heaven helps those who help themselves.”
 The true secret of successful resistance to
 oppression, is unity of actiuu and truthfulness
 of purpose. With these, a small hand will
 overcome a legion. Lend us your help, bro
 ther Green. We cannot afford to waste any
 powder in this warfare. Colored soldiers are
 the most to be desired, as they are the most
 successful, in the aimy of Liberty.—j. u.
 The following Appeal in behalf of the
 Liberator, published two weeks since, in the
 columns of that paper, needs only to life cir
 culcated in order to meet with a response at
 least adequate to the request. It is a duty, as
 it ought to be a pleasure to the true friends of
 the slave, to ensure for the Pioneer sheet,
 that liberal support which its unflinching ad
 herence to the cause deserves.
 To the Friends of the Liberator.
 It is well known to all interested in Reforms
 that a paper cannot, w hile the uncompromis
 ing advocate of an unpopular cause, subsist on
 its subscription list. If the Liberator has been
 during the last few years, in any sense or to
 any degree an exception to this rule, it has
 resulted from the indirect aid received from
 the Massachusetts Society in New England,
 from an excess of saving, which is hardly true
 economy, from avoiding many expenses which
 would add much to its usefulness, and from
 pressing into its service a great amount of un
 paid labor.
 When in spite of all this, it has been
 obliged to look to its friends for aid, the weight
 has, from various causes, fallen on very lew
 shoulders. I believe you would not that this
 should thus continue so to he. The plan sug
 gested by the executive Committee seems
 exactly adapted to remedy it, to secure such
 receipts as will relieve it from the necessity of
 a crippling economy, and from pecuniary em
 barrassment. Experience has shown that it
 will not do to raise the price generally. The
 Committee recommend that those who rail
 themselves its friends, and value it, as it de
 serves, appreciating the benefit tliey have de
 rived from it, should pay five dollars, instead
 of two, for the copy they take for their own
 use, leaving them free, of course, to distri
 bute as many copies as they choose at the
 usual price.
 Could a hundred names lie subscribed to
 such a plan, and surely that is a small number,
 we should receive $3OO more than usual; and
 with this slight addition, the income would
 fairly cover the expenses of the paper; ami
 the weight would rest, as it should, on the
 shoulders of many, instead of leaving some
 half dozen to make up such sums, w hen ne
 cessary. I should deem it a reflation on
 those whom 1 am addressing, to suppose it
 necessary to say more.
 Any one disposed to co-operate with «n m
 this plan will please seiul his name, iinundi
 ately, to R. F. WaJlcut, 21 Comhill, Boston,
 or give it to some agent of the MassaehtiM tts
 Anti-Slavery Society, as soon as possible
 In behalf of the Committee,
 WENDELL PHILLIPS
 Boston, Feb. 10th, 1H49.
On Dits.—Thai Mr. Crittenden will
 offered the Mission to France, just now oi.e
 of the most important of the diplomatic
 abroad, and that he will not decline it.
 That Hon. Joseph R. Ingersoll, of Phila
 delphia, is to have the offer of tlie Mias.on to
 England.—/Won lUt.
Aerial Navigation. The Tabernacle
 was filled teb. 21 by a crowd anxious t«* hear
 the lecture and see the operation of the n* w
 Aortal Isjcomuuvc. The model, which was
 about ten feet m length, was tolerably »uc
 «**fttl. Sometimes it would get 100 near
 the gas-lights of the gallery, and once &lt;-r
 twice it was in danger fioiu ts*e canes of med
 dling spectators, ft did not make a complete
 circle through the air, but obeyed ihe rudder
 with sufficient exactness to show tin; prac
 ticability of the plan. We understand Uiat a
 m-&gt;chine of sufficient size to cany two or
 threu persons is now being constructed 'lh&gt;~»
 wonIST test the matter thoroughly.—.V Y
 lhliitne T
Hon. John P Hals will plea** accept
 thanks tor Fremont’* Map of Oregon and
 Upper California
"
