"P o c t r u.
 Fo* the North Bur.
 AN ACROSTIC.
 F ppkW* rhuuptoii ifcrj call thee
 R iphih lnt&gt;- ihn named Aw. too;
 E Ver ft a (Sr you’re Mrithf.
 I) ••ine K«*il »t*ri _n* f*'
 R tgfHerm* m Ihe cause &lt;b.v*eii;
 I h U may you I"’*’*’
 g orrdortinc ih*- poor f nsfciTed ow»,
 ft m, IK cheering those that mourn'
 I) &lt;wil&lt; n»« that the wotk will proper—
 O nw ard w ith it I «lo not pattae
 I' pward look when you are »&lt;-an
 t. ikl m ill help h&gt; j«Mt a cause.
 Ii ook' tl»e future smile* upon von.
 A (Hawing route w free, lorn’* Kami;
 h ee their number fast increasing—
 S oon il.ey’ll spread o’er all (tie laml'
 M r ai mi. *r», Feb. IhUb ELLA
 From the ArttidHUrery Standard.
 I’HE MILL
 M J. K. lUH KM..
 Hushed uitii Itroiul sunlight lie* lire Silt.
 And minuting I lie long ibi't loas.
 I cedar's shadow, stow an&lt;l still.
 1 Veep* o’er it* dial of grey mo**.
 W arm noon bring* bill the valley V nip,
 The aspen’* leave* are acarc* a*tir,
 OnU the tilth- mill send* up
 It* busy, lever-reninf Imrr.
 Climbing ilie k*ose-piied wall that hem*
 I lie road along tiie mill-pond’s brink,
 f ron* ’math tin- arching barte-rry stems
 Mi footstep *r:»re* the shy cliemnk.
 Beneath a bony buttonwood
 The mill’* red door sw ing* open w ide;
 I la- whitened miller dust-imbued,
 Flit* past the square of dark inai-le.
 No mounlain torrent's strength is here.
 Sweet Bearer, child of forest still,
 Heaps its small pitcher to tlie ear,
 And gently waits the miller’* will.
 Switi slips l.’ndine along tlie race,
 I nhearJ, and tlien with flashing 1 sound,
 I loods the dull wheel with light ami grace,
 And, laughing, hunt* the loth drudge round.
 I lie miller dreams not at what cost
 Flie quivering null-stones hum and whirl,
 Not how, for every turn, are tossed
 Ai minis of diamond and of pearl.
 Hut Summer cleared my happier eves
 With drop* of some celestial juice,
 To see how Beauty underlies
 Forevermore each form of F«e.
 And more- Me thought 1 saw that flood,
 N\ hich now *o dull ind darkling s eal*.
 I hick Imre and there w ith human blood,
 To turn, lire world’s lalsirious wiieels.
 .V„ more than doth the miller there,
 Si in t in our several cells, do vvej
 Know with what waste of heautv rare
 Move* even day's machinery.
 '•urely the wiser day sliall come
 When this tine overplus of might,
 \o longer sullen, slow, and duuili,
 .Sliall leap to iinisie and to light.
 In that new childhood of the world
 Life of itself shall d i nee and play,
 Fresh blood thro’ Time’s shrunk veins lie hurled,
 And Labn meet Delight half-way.
 From the Western Citizen.
 TIIF. AWAKEN INC.
 When freemen assemble,
 In virtue united,
 Tlie proud ty rants tremble,
 Like doves when affrighted;
 They know that tlie day
 Of their tyrannous swav,
 Like die mist of the morning, is passing away.
 Lo* Freedom awakens'
 The tyrant i* smitten!
 Hi* palace is shaken,
 His sentence is written*
 hi Columbia’s sod,
 Long |Killuled with blood,
 Ii i vviitten in fire by tlie finger of (iod!
 Tile tocsin is sounding
 For Freemen to rally;
 The shout is resounding
 From liiil-top and valley;
 From mountain and glen
 It re-echoes again—
 Fiee Spirits, Free Lalior, Free Soil,and Free Men
 SPEAK FOR THE RIGHT.
 Jmficmjfjtu —BV JAM K S Hit H AUDIOS, JR.
 Better one, single and alone—
 By Truth and Right made strong
 Fhan a laithless hand of a thousand men,
 Contending for the wrong.
 Better a little village, where
 IVu iigliteou* poor are fiNtti.i,
 1 han mighty Sodoms, rich with gold,
 By Sin and Falsehood bound.
 Hcttcr a little slate, whose soil*
 With tyrants w ill not band,
 hu*e toil-worn hands aie clean from blood.
 Than a brum 1 conquering laud.
 Belter a ctiurch ot two or tlnee,
 Gathered in Jesus name,
 In whom the lire of love to man
 Burn* with a deathless tiame;
 Who, like die good (Samaritan,
 Ne'er pass die suflerer by.
 Nor leave those ainoiij thieves,
 Amid their toes to die;
 N\ ho call U*e scorued and trampled .lark,
 A M ax, u lii'uilk-i Man;
 \ud sjs-ak lor Justice and for Right,
 lu spite of human ban;
 Bcder a t lunch of two or three,
 I ims to Christ’* spirit true,
 Than a mail nude who call him Lord,
 And yet tiodV will ne’er do.
 Then, brother’ tear limn not to si and
 All single and uloue,
 Foi tie* cause of Truth and Righteousness—
 To wealth and fame unknown.
 F-u angels, by tlie world unseen,
 Sliall conn to slrcugtlieu thee;
 And ttie Spirit of almighty truth
 Thy Coiufoi ler shall be.
 Better, tlw-u, single ami alone,
 Bv tnith and light made strong.
 Titan with a flattering workl to stand,
 Contending lot tlw wroug.
 And to thy soul, these word* of I lirist
 A mighty iioat niiall be.
 To aid thy toils I’m not aUmr!
 V|y Father i* with me.**
 From (lie New York Mil roc.
 THEY ARE PASSING AWAY.
 Hey are passing away—the loved, tlie young,
 That liaim’d my loyhijud’i hours
 1 ia-ai thru I.ui.jU— the Matg they sung
 ’Twa* music wmg’d o’er flowers.
 WdhriiOg —withciiug—one by os»c,
 like autumn lea nr* they fall;
 No voice breathe* (tom the graven tojm,
 Or bom tie- sab'e pall.
Selections.
avauwchm or the JcroriAU.
 Ordinarily, in a sunny day at noon,
 the avalanches are falling on the Jung
 frau about every ten minutes, with the
 roar of thunder, hut ther are much
 more seldom visible, and sometimes
 the traveller crosses the Wengera Alp
 without witnessing them at all. But we
 were so very highly favored as to sec
 two of the grandest avalanches pos
 sible, in the course of about an hour,
 between twelve o'clock and two. One
 cannot command any language to con
 i vey an adequate idea of their magnifi
 cence. \ou arc standing far below,
 gazing up to where the great disc of
 the glittering Alps cots the heavens,
 and drinking in the influence of the
 I silent scene around. Suddenly, an
 j enormous mass of snow and ice, in
 itself a mountain, seems to move; it
 breaks from the toppling outmost moun
 tain ridge of snow, where it is hundreds
 of feet in depth, and, in its first fall of
 perhaps two thousand feet, is broken
 into millions of fragments. As you first
 see the flash of distant artillery, by
 night, then hear the roar, so here you
 may see the white flashing mass majes
 tically bowing, then hear the astound
 ing din. A cloud of dusty, misty, dry
 snow rises into the air from the concus
 sion, forming a white volume of fleecy
 smoke, or misty light, from the bosom
 of which thunders forth the icy torrent
 in its second prodigious fall over the
 rocky battlements. The eye follows it
 delighted, as it ploughs through the
 path which preceding avalanches have
 worn, till it comes to the brink of a
 vast ridge of bare rock, perhaps more
 than two thousand feet perpendicular.
 Then pours the whole cataract over the
 gulf, with a still louder noise of echoing
 thunder, to which nothing but the noise
 of Niagara in its sublimity is compara
 ble. Nevertheless, you may think of
 the tramp of an array of elephants, of
 the roar of multitudinous cavalry
 marching to battle, of the whirlwind
 tread of ten thousand bisons sweeping
 across the prairie, of the tempest-surf
 of ocean beating and shaking the con
 tinent, of the sound of torrent-floods,
 or of a numerous host, or of the voice
 of the Trumpet on Sinai, exceeding
 loud, and waxing louder and louder, so
 that all the people in the camp trembled,
 or of the rolling orbs of that fierce
 chariot described by Milton,
 Under whow burning wheels
 Die steadfast empyrean shook throughout.
 It is with such a mighty shaking tramp
 I that the avalanche down-thunders.
 I Another fall of still greater depth
 j ensues, over a second similar castel
 lated ridge or reef in the face of the
 mountain, with an awful majestic slow
 ness, and a tremendous crash, in its
 concussion, awakening again the
 reverberating peals of thunder. Then
 the torrent roars on to another smaller
 fall, till at length it reaches a mighty
 groove of snow and ice, like the slide
 down the Pilatus, of which Playfair has
 given so powerfully graphic a descrip
 tion. Here its progress is slower, and,
 last of all, you listen to the roar of
 the falling fragments, as they drop, out
 of sight, with a dead weight, into the
 bottom of the gulf, to rest there for
 ever. Now figure to yourself a catar
 act like that of Niagara (for I should
 judge the volume of one of these ava
 lanches to be probably every way su
 perior in bulk to the whole of the
 Horse-shoe fall,) poured in foaming
 grandeur, not merely over one great
 precipice of two hundred feet, but over
 the successive ridgy precipices of two
 or three thousand, in the face of a
 mountain eleven thousand feet high,
 and tumbling, crashing, thundering
 down, with a continuous din of far
 1 greater sublimity fhan the sound of the
 grandest cataract. Placed on the slope
 of the Wengern Alp, right* opposite the
 whole of the visible side of the Jung
 frau, we have enjoyed two of these
 mighty spectacles, at about half an
 hour’s interval between them. The
 first was the most sublime, the second
 the most beautiful. The roar of the
 falling mass begins to be heard the
 moment it is loosened from the moun
 tain; it pours on with the sound of a
 vast body of rushing water; then comes
 the first great concussion, a booming
 crash of thunders, breaking on the
 still air in mid heaven; your breath is
 suspended, as you listen and look; the
 mighty glittering mass shoots headlong
 over the main precipice, and the fall is
 so great, that it produces to the eye
 that impression of dread majestic slow
 ness, of which I have spoken, though
 it is doubtless more rapid than Niagara.
 But if you should see the cataract of
 Niagara itself coming down five thou
 sand feet above you in the air, there
 would be the same impression. The
 image remains in the mind, and can
 never fade from it; it is as if you had
 seen an alabaster cataract from heaven.
 —Dr. Cheever’s Pi/gn’w in the Sha
 dow of the Jungfrau Alp.
THE CLERGY IN OLDEN TIME.
 A Young Levite—such was the
 phrase then in use—Might be had for
 his board, a small garret, and £lO a
 year, and might not only perform his
 own professional functions, might not
 only be the most patient of butts and of
 listeners, might not only always be!
 ready in fine weather for bowls, and in j
 rainy weather for shovelboard, but
 might also save the expense of a
 gardener or a groom. Sometimes the j
 reverend man nailed up the apricots,!
 and sometimes curried the coach
 horses. He cast up the farrier’s bills, j
 He walked ten miles with a message i
 or parcel. If he w as permitted to dine
 with the family, he was expected to
 coutent himself with the plainest fare. I
 He might fill himself with the corned 1
 beef and the carrots, but as soon as!
 the tarts and cheesecakes made their
 appearance, he quitted his seat and
 stood aloof, till he was summoned to
 return thanks for the repast, from a j
 great part of which he had been
 eluded. Perhaps, after some year’s
 service, he was presented with a living
 sufficient to support him; but he often
 found it necessary to purchase his pre
 ferment by a species of simony, which
 furnished an subject of
 pleasantry to three or four generations
 of scoffers. With his cure he is ex&gt;'
 pected to take a wife. The wife had
 ordinarily been in the patron's service;
 and it was well if she was not suspected
of standing too high in the patron's fa
 vour. Indeed, the nature of the mat
 rimonial connections which the clergy
 man of that age were in the habit of
 forming, is the most certain indication
 of the place which the order held in
 the social syrtetn. An Oxonian writ
 ing a few months after the death of'
 Charles 11. complained bitterly not)
 only that the country attorney and
 the country apothecary looked down
 with disdain on the country gentleman,
 but that one of the lessons most ear
 nestly inculcated on every girl of hon
 ourable family was to give no encour
 agement to a lover in orders, and that
 if any young lady forgot this precept,
 she was almost as much disgraced as
 by an illicit amour. Macaulay** Hi*- j
 fory of England.
ARAB WOMBS AND WORKMEN.
 “When 1 first employed the Arabs,
 the women were sorely ill-treated, and
 i subjected to great hardships. I en
 deavored to introduce some reform into
 their domestic arrangements, and pun
 ished severely those who inflicted cor
 poral chastisement on their wives. In
 a short time the number of domestic
 quarrels was greatly reduced; and the
 women, who were at first afraid
 to complain of their husbands, now
 boldly appealed to me for protection.
 They had, however some misgivings as
 to the future, which were thus ex
 pressed by a deputation sent to return
 thanks after an entertainment:—‘O
 Bey! we are your sacrifice. May God
 reward you. Have we not eaten wheat
 bread, and even meat and butter, since
 we have been under your shadow?
 Is there one of us that has not now a
 colored handkerchief for her head,
 bracelets and ankle-rings, and a striped
 cloak? But what shall we do when
 you leave us, which God forbid you
 ever should do? Our husbands will
 then have their turn, and there will be
 nobody to help us.’
 “These poor creatures, like all Arab
 women, were exposed to constant hard
 ships. They were obliged to look after
 the children, to make the bread, to
 fetch water, and to cut wood, which
 they brought home from afar on their
 heads. Moreover they were entrusted
 with all the domestic duties, wove their
 wool and goat’s hair into clothes, car
 pets, and tent-canvass; and were left
 to strike and raise the tents, and to
 load and unload the beasts of burden
 when they change their encamping
 ground. If their husbands possessed
 sheep or cows, they had to drive them
 to the pastures, and to milk them at
 night. When moving, they carried
 their children at their backs during the
 march, and were even troubled with
 this burden when employed in their
 domestic occupations, if the children
 were too young to be left alone. The
 men sat indolently by, smoking their
 pipes, or listening to a trifling story
 from some stray Arab of the Desert,
 who was always there to collect a group
 around him. At first the women, whose
 husbands encamped on the mound,
 brought water from the river; but I
 released them from this labour by em
 ploying horses and donkeys in the work.
 The weight of a sheep or goat’s skin
 filled with water is not inconsiderable.
 This is hung on the back by cords tied
 over the shoulders, and upon it in ad
 dition, was frequently seated the child,
 who could not be left in the tent, or
 was unable to follow its mother on foot.
 The bundles of fire-wood, brought from
 a considerable distance, were enormous
 completely concealing the head and
 shoulders of those who tottered beneath
 them. And yet the women worked
 cheerfully, and it was seldom that their
 husbands had to complain of their idle
 ness. Some were more active than
 others. There was a young girl named
 Hadla, who had particularly distin
 guished herself, and was consequently
 sought in marriage by all the men.
 Her features were handsome, and her
 form was erect, and graceful. She
 carried the largest burdens, was never
 unemployed, and was accustomed,
 when she had finished the work imposed
 upon her by her mother, to assist her
 neighbors in completing theirs.—Lay
 a rtfs Nineveh.
A SQUINTING JURY.
 Once upon a time, or to be a little
 I more particular, nearly half a century
 ago, (for the editor of his paper well
 remembers the time, place and scene,
 which are firmly fixed upon his boyish
 recollections) there dwelt in the town
 of in old England, a remarkable
 oddity, in the person of an attorney at
 law, who, although not fair to look
 upon, (for he wa9 in trutlf one of the
 homeliest specimens of humanity ever
 I beheld by mortal man) was withal a
 person of sound judgment, great bene
 i volence, varied learning, a poet, a
 painter, and a wit of no mean order.
 It so happened that the aforesaid
 gentleman, G G Esq., was
 appointed High Sheriff of the town of
 He was a man of fortune and
 had a kind heart, as many a poor pris
 oner could testify, who partook of the
 good cheer with wich the prisoners
 were liberally supplied at Christmas,
 and other well known festivals, from
 the private purse of the High Sheriff.
 It was of course the duty of the
 High Sheriff to summon a Grand and
 Petit Jury, to attend at the Quarter
 Sessions of which the Recorder, May
 or and Aldermen of the borough com
 posed the court. In the performance
 of his official duty in summoning the
 Petit Juty, our High Sheriff indulged
 in some of the strangest and drollest
 freaks that have probably ever been
 heard of in any other town or country.
 In the first place he summoned for the
 October Court, a jury consisting of
 twelve of the fattest men he could find
 in the borough, and when they came to
 the book to be sworn, it appeared that
 only nine jurors could sit comfortably
 in the box After a great deal of
 sweating, squeezing and scolding, the
 panel was literally jammed into the box,
 and when seated, they presented to the
 eye of the Court, the barrister, and
 the audience, the tightest fit” of a
 jury that was ever seen in a court room.
 Literally they became, much to the
 astonishment of the Court and its robed
 advocates, ‘‘a packed jury,” and no
 mistake
 For the January terra, our ftfrtitrus
 High Sheriff (in consequence, it was
 said, of some hint from the Recorder,
 that there should be no more fat pan
nels aummuwml to his Court,) went
 into the opposite extreme. He sum
 mooed twelve of the Ummul and tulle*
 men he could find in the borough; and
 when they took their seats in the box,
 it appeared comparatively empty
 there was indeed room for twelve more
 of the same sort and dimensions,
 j For the April term of the Court, our
 humorous functionary sugpnoned a jury
 consisting of twelve barbers Now it
 so happened that among the latter were
 the very perruquiers who dressed the
 Recorder’s and barristers’ wigs, and
 some of the latter, arriving late at the
 bar, had to appear that morning in
 Court with their wigs undressed or half
 pressed, so as to cut a very ridiculous
 figure, amidst the smiles and half-sup
 pressed laughter of the bystanders,
 j The High Sheriff enjoyed the fun amaz
 -1 ingly, but looked “grave as a judge,”
 while he tried to keep silence in the
 court room.
 But the crowning joke of this wag
 gish functionary occurred at the sum
 nooning of his fourth and last Jury, at
 the Summer Session, in July. For that
 Court, the High Sheriff not
 having the fear of the Recorder, the
 Mayor, and the Aldermen before his
 eyes, actually summoned a squinting
 jury twelve as queer looking bipeds as
 ever took their seats in a jury box—a
 jury that was probably more looked at,
 and laughed at than any of the ap
 pointed twelve that ever were sworn, to
 “well and truly try And true deliverance
 make between their Sovereign Lord
 and King, aud the prisoner at the bar.”
 But the scene was so irresistibly
 droll that the learned Recorder could
 not maintain his gravity. The Mayor
 and Aldermen followed suit. The bar
 risters laughed while their wigs became
 bald, powderless nay, even the poor
 prisoners in the dock, who were to be
 put upon their trial, and some of them
 undergo transportation, could not re
 frain from joining in the general cachin
 nation And when the learned Record
 er commanded the High Sheriff to bring
 the court room to order, and intimated,
 with a half-suppressed laugh, that the
 latter ought to be ashamed of himself
 for summoning such a jury, the drollery
 of this court scene was heightened
 considerably by the quick, ready, and
 sonorous response of the High Sheriff',
 who, looking at the same time at the
 squinting jury, exclaimed—“ All good
 and lawful men, your Honor.”
American Hoi'ses. A foreign
 tourist has observed that the demo
 cratic character of American institu
 tion's is sufficiently attested by our
 houses and edifices.—Each property
 owner expresses his peculiar idea of
 architepture, and independently carries
 them into effect. In no city is the lat
 ter more striking or absurde, than in
 the three sections of New Orleans.
 The architectural tastes of every na
 tion have been consulted; perhaps in
 some part of them a Tartar or Japanese
 sojourner might feel at home. On one
 block will stand a row of buildings that
 might have been transplanted bodily
 from Marseilles or Lyons; their cham
 bers filled with Revolutionary mem
 ories. Upon another block, a dozen
 straggling dwellings remind, one of
 Spain or Mexico—a pair of dark eyes
 and a head of most picturesquely un
 combed hair here and there beheld,
 wonderfully assisting in the illusion. In
 one part a downeaster has faithfully
 copied, in wood and plaster, his old
 homestead on the Kennebec or Hous
 atonic. In another, Kentucky taste
 (so independent, and yet so good hum- j
 ored,) has attempted to satisfy the
 longings of everybody by working up
 a dozen architectural plans into one
 uncongenial whole, erecting a sort of
 brick-and-timber monster that—should
 they behold it—would drive a “Down-
 ing” or a Thomas” crazy. Piagzas,
 verandas, and Knickerbocker stoops”
 corner one another vigilantly. Dropsi
 cal chinneys and lean smoke-vents
 harass each other tormentingly. Sky
 lights and [dormer windows ogle one
 another gapingly and squintingly.
An Eventful History. The life
 of a printer is, to say the least, one of
 variety. I left home at the age of nine,
 and was apprenticed to the printing
 business at thirteen. Since then, 1
 i have been in Europe—been in England,
 Ireland, Scotland, Wales and France,
 —in Canada, Nova Scotia, Labrador,
 j South America, West Indies, and all
 the Atlantic States of the Union, from
 Maine to Louisiana—have been fixed
 in twenty cities and towns of the United
 States. I have been a sailor in the
 merchant service, and have sailed in all
 manner of craft—ship, barque, schoon
 er, sloop and steamer—in the regular
 army as a private soldier, deserted and
 shot in the leg. I have studied two
 years for the ministry, one year for an
 jM. D.—travelled through all the New
 England States, New York, New Jer
 sey, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, as a
 journeyman printer, generally with lit
 tie else than a brass rule in my pocket,
 j I have been the pubfaher of two daily
 papers in ogR in Maine and
 New Hampshire. Ac one time I had
 j seven thousand three hundred dollars in
 i my pocket. I have been married twice,
 and am now nearly twenty-six years'old!
 i Was a member of Captain (late Major)
 j Ringgold’s Flying Artillery, at the en
 jcampment of Trenton, N. J. I have
 i been a temperance lecturer, and a pro
 jprietor of a temperance theatre.”
 i ID 3 Wonderful, if true.
 j Masterly Inactivity. —Hear what
 Mirabeau says of the no-voting,* do
 nothing,’ f waste your influence,’ lost
 the staff of accomplishment, policy
 Mira beau was a practical statesman,
 and no dreamer.
 4 But I am even more criminal than
 they suppose me; for I think that the
 people, when they complain, are al
 ways right; that their indefatigable
 patience ever waits the last excess of
 oppression, before resolving on re
 sidence that they never resist suffi
 ciently long to obtain reparation for
 their grievances; that their are igno
 rant that to render tbemsejw* formida
 ble to their enemies, it is wifficient to
 remain inactive, and that the most inno
 cent as well as the most invincible of
 all powers, is that of refusing to act.
 Tbns, think I, punish the enemies of
 yoor peace. I lift, p. 181.
 Ignorance is inexcusable, when the
 means of acquiring knowledge are ac- i
 cessible.
2ttotrttstnwilo.
(■Hrtaii I# Pa rmn.
 lOITS Pate* Wheel fahintor aad Wire Grass
 TV PmV PufaSr m hereto iafcnweil
 (Vi Letters Patent knar been talht tk Sub
 i wnber for hi* recent great iiy»wwU ui tV r»n
 xmlwiMduidii i«iirfPntt&gt;Otm»T&lt;»r,
 "*y r y TW rnl great as toeaforely revuhttkmian
 tV whole system of farming, V mfettaf IV expense
 wne-Vlf or more. Wherever' Ary have Vea mtra
 ■luced, U»y hare mn tV derided uf
 a* tbr following certificates from lV iotel
 and practical formers whose name# are
 mttncVd. abundantly show:
 certificates.
 This may neriifV that wr, the Subscribers, harr
 srrn i aad »rf the Patem Wheel Cultivator, invented
 vLx AT "a** ,OI i,f Orleans Co., New
 lot*, and believe h to le. as a labor-raring ma
 rbine, &lt;w of tV greatest improvements of the age. I
 nv it, a former ran put f r ini ten to fifteen acres
 1 more of wheat in a vear, with tV same amount of
 team labor; he can also son it in awefa better order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may he totally extirpated. Said machine is so coo
 'tructed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screw* on the upper pan of the machine, I
 ami thus either plow up the ground thoroughly or
 mtly jnst Irtish the surface. l T poa the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine erer ia rented for
 pulverising the ground and focilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as snrfa «t rheerftittv recommend it
 to oar brother formers.
 James H. Iledlev, James Ide
 Enos .Newman, John Sterens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedlev,
 Gardner Bern James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, Uie undersigned, purchased one of Nathan-1
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it i
 answer the purpose so well, that we hare this Spring
 mmle purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two I torses, eight acres of food per day
 for wheut, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator 1
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHI'RCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be folly appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his
 interest w ill lie w ithout one, as i't is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee. I
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by!
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where formers are invited i
 and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to tlie public that they nave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory' inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 Tltey are ako offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will foul it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in forge or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.'6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
 BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW'.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 TUe London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rnt
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 |in a Ireuutiful clear tyjte, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fac-tindlt of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood” and tlio Ixindon Quarterly” are Tory; the
 ‘•Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The ‘‘North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having lieen
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, lieing conducted by his son-in-law Dr.
 j Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 j literary character is of the very highest order..
 'PRICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 j For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum,
 j For any two do 500
 1 For any three do 7 00
 i For all four of tlie Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to tie made in all eases in advanc e.
 CLUBBING.
 Four cities of any or ail the above works will fc
 sent to one address on payment of tlie regular suh
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in tbg hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and otlier advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we inay be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Tlierefore we repeat subscribe early while
 tlie price is low.”
 Remittances and communications &gt;,bould be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter PerpetoaJ;—
 Capital, $300,000 Benjamin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, aud accept trusts from in
 dividual-*, corporate liodirs, and courts of justice,
 an&lt;l execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 lies, and receive deposits of inooey in trust or on
 interest.
 7*he Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and ou the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to lOper cent, on the sum insured
 ia policies issued in 1837 74 per cent, oo policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 _ The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide’a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditor*; and it will be seen oo examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which »ill be
 famished liy the nbacriber to all who may feel an
 interest ia the sutjeet, that fay paying a small sum to
 tfe* every year during his life, a person may se
 cure to his family a very considerable amount at his
 [fcrri#.
 Wherever tlie system of Life Insurance is property
 radrrttnod, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages to all, but more especially to those who
 spend on their own exert ions for the support of their
 amilies, or who may be desirious to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 iuUren, at their decease, which they might he uth
 ww ise unable to accomplish, that tiw operation ofthe
 ■y stem needs but to be explained to ensure the seri
 ns* consideration of the public.
 la several instancies it fans happened that the part*
 named fans died shortly after having paid aaiy owe
 two instalments of the premium, when his tamiK
 **V««*«d frwu this office the fell amount tor
 shirk hr had insured.
 I- nil informal xmi m ihi, important subject may he
 persona#* or bv letter (pout
 m:d)atthen4rsof the shhnerifaer, the authorised
 Igent nf the Girard Life Issis tarv Company.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 Bnkewell’s Law Buddies,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
 WM. H. TOPf, Merchant Tailor, 546 Bromi-
 Also an extsjshre tmtthtd ofCniTst*,
 Mocfcs.tlraimy.flHdvm.fee
 Albany, Feh. 11, Ugh
PROSPECTUS
 ARcrkai Plreitlifkal inritl.
 O. I. FOWLXR, EDITOR.
 rj reform and perfect ourselves and our race, u
 the Burnt naked of all work*. Ye», ib»*
 Mat mferetaud the Human Constitution- This
 Phrenology Physiology ami Vital Magnetem
 brace, and reare expound all tV law* of onr Vine.
 Conditions and constitute the philoso
 pher's stone of Universal Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number will contain cither the analysis ami
 location of some phrenological focuky, illustrated by
 Eagravmg, or an anical their mubinaliaib:
 and also the organisation aad character of wane dis
 tinguished personate, arerwnpanird by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Life, TV great instrument of talent vir
 tue and hiippmess. all «,f which it angments. To its
 pet vivat ion ami restoration, -pmal attention w ill I*
 given.
 magnetism.
 With predial instruction, interesting farts, ami
 choice truths which it unfolds, will lie presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 TV blessings they enjoy, the influence they ran
 •■H, and their prepnration fw comforting our insti
 lutkma, will form the (Vane of i series of arth lea.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Wbo thies not long ourne-tly, ami would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his natural pond's, and
 render himself better and more happs To sucli,
 each number will V a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariahh in advance—ONE IYOI.L
 -AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will V
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
To receive attention, letters ami orders must lie
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 .No 131 Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer m Fashionable
 Boots ami Shoes, W, Pun li;t M Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly ou liand a good assort
 ment, ami w ill sell cheap for rash. Strict attention
 Kid to custom-marie work, h\ Messrs. Parker and
 tvis
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned I&gt;r.
 Means, ot Emory College, Ga., and the] scientific
 experiment* of Mr. Hemmer of England,* liavc
 recently and indubitably established the fact, thai
 the conclusions at wliich the undersigns d arrived bt i
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony u iti.
 natural ami physiological laws—to wit, that tin
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a pomtir,
 electrical state, and tlial the electrical emanation.- j
 from the cuticnbr surface, indicate health, or the;
 symptoms aad character ot disease—tlicre is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Core. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat bis experience, that, in all cases where tltc
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in tlie electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond tlie power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
 of tlie botly alluded to, are in tlie electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safrty or truth*
 fulness of tlie principles by w hich the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charactei
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Frolessoi
 Me tins and Mr. lieininer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating tlie credit so generous)}
 i awarded for his success -is a Hydropathic Pructi
 I tioucr, by a discerning public, ami the gratitude
 evinced by those whom lie has had the pleasure l&lt;
 relieve ci’ their complaints, the undersigned wit
 j assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and meril
 1 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who mat
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bcnsonville, on tlie west huuk of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, alsmt two ami a half mi lee
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Indies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of tmths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adapleduess to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture stpie and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 Elainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 ting exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are licre successfully
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inffauuuatioii of the I towels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should ntmi.-h themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen ami three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an uin
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 to
 #8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tlie character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on tlie third floor,
 will pay $8 00 per week—on die first ami second
 floor/, 88 50 jx-r week. Palieot* requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 t or pay an extra price.
 D. HIGGLES.
 Northampton, \farth 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to die Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of tlie Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always lie in readiness at die Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healdiy con
 dition of die human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources w ithin—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from die rubeolar surface, so that
 out of 336 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer ol
 England, upon die uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pern-able to die healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that alien, from any cause, i«
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action erunes.”
 Geoaddros, delivered before die Medical College ol
 is-Sreia, at die opening of iu annual session, .Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Profrmor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga. f |iage 25
 ATHOL WATER Cl RE.
 THE Subscriber Iwg* leave to rail tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 rhronir disease, to his hydropathic Mtablixbfneat is
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 la-4 season, aad it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic am) thorough course in hydro
 pathy- The supply of water is almadant, and in
 paritv he* been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.'’ The location is quite ebgitde, being but j
 a short distance from the V. It M. railroad. The
 vicinity abound* in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can .rarer lt foil to obtain the
 hcahhfcl results for which they labor.
 The following ease illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wifi* of fra. 8., of Warwick, Mac*., aged
 “bout thirty-five years, was brought to me bst
 Augu*&lt;. Her ease presented tie folio* mg pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 •tWmrte.l, she forthwith foil backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she enaktr an J
 eftort to walk, film fail, nlrn rsu nr*! (urwatd,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 ocher. She bad been in this ronditiou pearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sep*.,
 a«i was continued u. the 29*fc Oct. mils, when dir
 left, so for recovered as to be abb- to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family. she
 has eentianed her hulks, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 deuaevtic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 fM, doe* the work «f her fomriy.
 Pattern* art desired to bring three comfort aides,
 one pair of woollen blanket* one pair of sheets,
 low»ls naiid, with oil lim lor
 mtm die aeeemiue* or sUske of the pmieats.
 iwntlntar hi the sekctM wl
 willing ui uocnpy them in cwmmou
 ««*h others, willfedtarged lew.
 IhtA, I*4B. GEORGE HOYT.
POVERTY:
 IT'S ILLEGAL fAr*ESA?TD LEGAL
 CERE
 •V LTR4XOC* SPOONER. o
 .Jp* AR*H" Patriot call* it—“ A neai p*im&gt;hlet
 'U, P*&lt; w ™7 fwwktWr
 W LrS W f »*r. Spooner
 hr reallrad by the hill *&lt;!..pt*on of his theory
 tre do not here stop to empties; hotwe hean. k ro tr&gt;.
 mend hi* endeavor to the notice of all who bee a
 transparent forcible diction—intrepid imJrpemfcnre--
 Ior ifmat thought—and entire freedom from the can
 of *ect or party. A*» jodicini writer, he Insadrpth.
 a compass, far beyond any one whose production'
 hare met but eve in a long time.”
 Hunt’s Merflaiit’s Mapuinr says—“ It ah
 in faoJd and original thoughts. The dlrgaJ cau 3 j
 poverty are stated, and a minder of important pr o
 sit ton* bearing no the subject Uid down; and. on he
 wfade. we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many valuable hints to (he states
 man and political economist.”
 The Bangor Harcnc say “An aide and certain
 hr original work, from the pen of I.vsamler Bpooorr,
 K-t author of that powerful hook which demon
 •trates the uncimstitulioaality of Amrricww Bbvery
 There is no writer of the age, of logical aciuncn more
 searching than Spooner.,* This new work is des
 lined to bad to a re examination of all former sys
 tem* of political economy At first blush hi* era
 notnicnl proposition* strike ns as sustainable—aad it
 they are so, his work will prevail, and prndure aa
 important rcTohition in the jaesent prevailing sy
 tern. 1
 Every wn- should read it.”
 BLI-A MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Teats.
 Han’s Uffflablr Extract
 Is tin- only remedy that can be relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Irrita
 tion of the Xerces, Nervous or Sick Headache
 .Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, iienrra
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous ami Physical Ener
 gy, an*l all Nervous Disorders, including tl»e most
 dreadful of all diseases that affect die human race
 EjAlrpty, ijt hiUmg Sukers*. —Hysterical Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasm*. kc It is weft known, that
 from time immemorial. Physician* have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It ha* baffled all their
 skill, and the lioasted jHiwer of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands have suffered through a mis
 erable ex istence, and at last yielded up tlieir live* on
 the Altar of Insanity. —Tlie proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feel* no delicacy in saying
 that it can be cured. He ivould, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, and all others wlio are iutei
 ested, to examiitc the testimony which i* here offered.
 If it is deception, let it be exposed but if it is
 true, tlieu in die name of’ humanity, no longer let it
 lie said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen years,
 has been tested by uiaay persons wbo have suffered
 with this dreadful disease, and in every case yvbere
 it has had a fair trial, dtas effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Den slow of Yonkers, New York, state* that
 his daughter has been afflicted with Fits for more
 dian nine years, and has been cored by the use of
 the Vegetable F.xtrnct.
 Mrs. J. Brndey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that site lias been subject to Fits for many
 years, ami ha* been restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had failed) hv the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. harles A. Brovin, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the lest Physicians iu the
 Mate, say- that he has been much henetitted by the
 use ol the egelable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 mgly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 cotues under his knowledge.
 Curtis U. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at I,ime Mills,Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa,, states that for many years past lie
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, amt be is mat
 happy to state that a |ierseveriiig use of Dr. Hart’s
 j Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 1 I icing eutiiely freed lromtliat worst of all disease.-.
 Judge Randall, X. Henry street, New York,
 I laving used the Vegetable Extract successfully- in
 hi* family, highly recommend* it to all person* who
 are afflicted witfi Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street. New York, slate* that
 Mr. Chan, H. Bouglitou, a member of hi* family ha*
 been so severely afflicted w ith Epilepjic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 j business. Having iwd Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for tlie State nt
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of Sr. Peters Church
 Spots wood, New Jersey, who has lieen afflicted’
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he has used I&gt;r. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so mtieh improved that he hope*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. —For twenty -seven years and six
 months, cured by tlie use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of tlie son of
 Win. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted will.
 Epileptic hits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scot lain), f,’ e
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., w ith
 out receiving any benefit'whatever, and was cured
 by using Hurt's I egetalAt Extract. —l have siient
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I lirst visited England
 I consulted tlie most eminent physicians there
 resjiect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three month*
 without perceiving any change for the better which
 cost me aUmt two hundred ami fifty dollars pock
 eted by the physicians, ami the most that I received
 was tlieir opinion that my case was hone bus
 and POSITIVELY' INCURABLE. I
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and f ranee and returned home in the month of
 November bat, with my as far from being cured
 as when Illelt, I saw your Advertisement in one of
 ttie New York papers, and concluded lo tiy Hail’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificate* of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
 wirry I did so, as by tlx- use of Hart's Vegetable
 hr wnn «o PERFECT
 M A 1 His reason, whieb was so far gone a* to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with die
 prospect now* before him of lifr, fo alth and uselul
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, ami 27 years b
 months of this time lias been afflicted w'idi tin*
 roost dreadful of diseases, but thank f«od is now
 enjoying grnxl health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall lie ever grateful to you i* one
 thing, and as I here enclose you one hundred dollar*,
 I have no doubt but you will think this another aad
 quite a different thing. Tlie debt of gratitude I siiif
 owe you; Isrt please accept this amount as inter***
 on tls- debt iu ad vance.
 Yours, very respertftiilv,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE
TESTIMONY I PON TESTIMONY.
 In leferenre lo the almost miraculous efficacy
 jhu inily womW*,l medwme. read ,lm Ml,,*™
 U-tu r fr.Hu I&gt;r. \S L. .Monro*, of Ml |f ur j, Oto!?
 u p ,hr i*°»t«nineiit phv.ir«„, i„ ,u,
 uiNlibrd) Ohio, Auiruit 17 lM4#i
 IWU laborer in the cause W l huinaniiV-Dear
 2 'll* 1 1 —«-f jkk r£n
 1° f**"? y«i «he complete triumph
 of jour invaluable medicme i M case* of Ewleun&gt;. 1
 hate pre.enbed urn
 and it has »&lt;eeu highly Mwree*|„| i„ a 0
 The fourth one is rapidly improving, ami will.
 thmk without doubt recover. I am not in the tabu
 P r cr »uig or recommending potriil amdk-iaes,
 but w ‘Urn I see an article w hicii promise* so wucb
 Tor the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duly
 to recommend ami I hare no hemaiim
 ing that u won M the faculty are fully 0. n ,..L
 wtrii the real merit of roar medicine, they ad!
 chme their eye, against prejudice and lend y«,
 helping hand. 7
 I smmerihe myself toun, sincerely,,
 IMI W L.'MONkOR, M. I)
 To I&gt;r. S. Mart, New York.
TIIF T'ME W SOT PAR DISTANT
 nhwt tliousaud. wbo Art now __
 U» band of tisn dreadful dis***., aw
 **w alLark may prove fatal. «,tl n &gt;0
 rriiet' and far restored to mew Ufa bv
 ftWjrAiril medicine. ,u^
 rwuU prwfacwt bj. lj*
 We F.xWt. 01 I&gt;r H VtfU
 (ft trefmtd fe j URT M D
 iXi Rour ußr&gt;\a»| s^W
 J££ «F i- iMH tnu-.
 Cm, Inuu, J*** f ,Usl
 THUMA» fc m
 riuuati f M,L.
 t«tTrtrr *t* ~i-'- 2f Br 1 &lt;rut trc (far I mird
 ■!«—i rJTKu ■«—~«0». to
 *a B Cwf FlAto. &gt;*l W 0to«Al.
 U Z l* *ww «*rer&lt; Buffalo.
 Si. &lt;v,r l oti
 w-.^36te»2w?r
 Co., (lucmo Hi
 U&lt; UxTi.
 11. blwkafay. o*l V., Loots Mo.
 "tHOMAB fa MILLS, I* Ma.n are*.
 ClMMU.tNuti j
"
