"fkFdt.kk’K norciLisi#, i
 M. H I&gt;W.ANY,
VOL I. NO. VII.
The NORTH STAR i* p«bU»ke4 even
 Friday, at No. 25, llntlalo Street,
 (Oppwtfe Arcade.)
 TTIiMS.
 Tv» .|«dk»r* fs*t no-mm. *hr ad ten'e. V&gt;
 *alw.iijni m w*ii I*; tvecired trnn titan
 •ix m mth'«.
 Adv*rti«*.:»»ntv not exceeding ten I***-
 three lime* U .Ui.r; every .uUopwjl
 tion, twenty- s_
 Th» u* North St*fc »*U 1* toatU'k
 Buum in all it*. lnau aiwt aspect*; advocate
 I’mvi kmi. |,n im iruiu'i exalt Uic rUa.Ln!
 *&gt;f |’r bi i&lt; promote tl»e moral anil in
 teM&lt;T!i!.tl improvement of ill** rwi.oßKDpl 'iFl.i;
 *n,l hist 1 the Aiy of PRFEDOM t&gt; tin Titnt
 Mnii'* 1 of oar EN«r. ived Fr.tt.ow Cot
 r«r»t'i.
 p:notices.
 fyy. til r Ml li I ii-*.iti m* rehtins t„ the bnrinr**i
 r*,tt,rt «»f the paper, «i«*» of wilmrrilnTc, rrrnit-
 IVKMt, A. h i fllj J lie a I dressed 1 1 W ILtl t M L.
 Nr tt. PuUEh&lt; r.
 £j» A?* &gt;lj&gt;, an I all ntlim sendin? names, are
 rcjii-!* III!. an auxin, :ui.l KIVO the i*»t Ofi".
 the a ,hi I ti».- St.it&gt;. E.«rb SdacrilA it* im
 nw hatch liter! f *r in wv receive*!.
 V.n jk ismi se.idtuß in tin; payment ftr four
 tl.- to f.r.iatiie Ito one ait Inca*, mat
 lave lift It evvpv for nn* year.
 iX&gt;* AiJ i- 11. ie a.i i c iinun neations must lie port
 paid.
 LIST OK AO ENTS.
 M v* 1 trues 1.1 rs.—li. I'. Walcult, 21, Cornhill,
 I’. j4m: Not ioi Jo'i i- m. N a II ltord I loratio
 Fo.t-r, I. m II; .1 n m&gt; Biiffiiin, lam;
 Evans, \V.irec*'*r I! wirin’ Sjmoner, Plvottimtli;
 Charles 11. Set i, .Spriujjfi 11 David Ituj^lcs,,
 N«-rtha;i;&gt;ln 11. 'arpi- iter, Ipi on.
 M n\ r.—Oliver If'.i n*tt. Portland*
 Vutauvr.—Jim Lin I T. U ilmis m, Noilli Frr-.
 rideiro.
 C'iu KrnrtJT.-—Jouathnn Leonard, Meriilen.
 N r.tv Hampshirv.—Weave Tappan, Bradford.
 \k York.—Sv Inov 11. (lav, 112, .Nassau
 Street; Jite- M "hi S niili, 93, West llroadway;
 J SI -ph I'n-o, t|nec*n Countvl Marv liar-
 jvr, 'ln ay; Eli i- M.i.nioo; Willetts Vieesc,
 Peru, liat .n ('.iiiatv: WilliamS. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. I’. Pliit, Po 11 an; J. Jellify, (ieneva.
 fi:toi&gt;! 1-t.tMi.— \miraney I’ai'te, Providence.
 Pt vu' i.i tN'tt.—J. M. M'Kim,lll. North Filth 1
 Street, I’nila iclp'.tia; W. (ioincs, H, Exelianje
 I*l r-o.‘ l&gt;i!.; 11. Va.-inm, B. Down, PiUsbttTK:
 William Wli&lt;!»:-er. &lt;’olit uliia !&gt;aae lioh'rtii, Jaculi
 1.. Pa\o.i, Non iiio on. M it ;oalei\ Comity.
 Onto. —('!i i-tion 1) nal iron. Cine iiiaati; (1.
 Cut r. Ditto; 1 itii» \iehol-evn, I larvev“lnii'oh,
 Warren Con its Sa nnel lli ooke. S ilmn.
 Mli HliitN. —KilkH lianlv.*-, Detroit.
 IvnivNA.—Joel I*. I lav in, Economy, Wayne Co.'
 LAW OF NEWSPAPERS.
 1. S to- I i'vi s who do not oiV*- expreiis notice to
 the eoati arv. ace roast lered ;is w ishing to continue
 their s'iliS"ri|:!io».«.
 2. If Milee rila; s order the discontinuance of their
 papers, the puhli-hers may continue to send until till
 arrearaoe* ate pai I.
 11. If stili-eriltent neglect or refuse to take their
 pajvrs fro.n the oilier* to which they ace directed, they
 arc hr 11 rosp eisih! till they settle their hill and order
 llieir papers to In; discontinued.
 4. ill subscribers i« ,ve to other places without
 inf •ntiiiij th publish*r, aid their paper is sent to
 lil.* f,r a -r .lit cti ei. ill y are hel l rcspmsillU.
 o. 'l’iie courts have d ’ei.led that tvfiisinc to lake
 a u”',vsnap -r or jjerio li' al frotu the oftici-, or rrinovine
 ail I ivi im it nnrallc 1 for, is prim facie evidence of
 titftnfiin il fraud. 1
 Rkmovals. —It '4!vine notice of a clmtigp of
 r-»iW«*,»,? »arc ti»l s*a« the Poat O-bce to Which 1
 the .paper lias formeriy lieeu rent
SELECTIONS.
tVj Liberator.
 HENRY V Jt AY \N!&gt; AFRICAN
 COLONVTION.
 We have given a sketch of the pro-’
 eeedings of the American Colonization 1
 .Society, at its late annual meeting, ami
 of the speech ofllenry Clay, delivered
 cor the occasion, as reported by tho
 Washington correspondent of the Now;
 York Journal of Commerce. Though
 the Representatives’ Hall was obtained
 tor the meeting, and an immense throng
 tilled every part of it, it is frankly ac
 knowledged by the reporter., that it was
 not owing to the slightest interest lelt
 either in the Society or its object, but
 simple a desire to hear Mr. C lay. He
 suvs. Nobodv seciued to care a but
 ton for the civilization of Africa,”
 “No one cared -about Mr. Clay as pre
 sident of the Colonization Society,”—
 the Colonization cause bad little to
 do with this crowded auditory. It
 was a philanthropic masquerade.
 It appears that the arch Kentucky
 compromiser, and the haughty despiser
 of the colored race, (why, with his
 brow of brass, and adamantine heart,
 should he not hate those whom he has
 so brutally despoiled?) was received
 with an enthusiasm closely bordering
 on insanity. The cheers were deafen
 ing and multitudinous. It is a melan
 choly illustration of the deep moral de
 gradation of tho American people gen
 erally. Had they who joined in these
 profligate outbursts had any moral
 v ision, or any fear «»t God, or regard
 for man in their hearts, instead of giv
 ing Mr. Clay their shouts of approba
 tion, they would have listened to his
 despicable and inhuman speech with
 feelings of indignation and horror;
 they would have seen in him the enemy
 of bis country and bis race; they would
 Lave substituted groans for cheers, and
 tlie strongest e mdeiunation for the
 loudest praise; his eloquent sorcery
 would have had no power over them.
 But a judicial blindness wan upon them,
 so that tliev could discern nothing.—
 T he wav of peace they know not, ant
 there is no judgment in their goings.’
 What though Mr. Clay is a ilavcholdei
 and one of the strongest props ot tin
 accursed slave system; what though h&lt;
 has d.»ue more than any other inun it
 the nation t crush aud manacle uu in
 olft n-i\«- rare what though, »U reguri
 to three millions of people at the South
 he has a&lt;tiM-lv joined to take from then
 every right, to place them utterly be
 yond the protection of the law to forci
 them to live without marriage, to de
 prive them of all mental and mora
 culture, to reduce them as near to tin
 level of the brute creation as possible
 to place them und&lt; r the lash of tin
 sinvedrivers, devoid of all feelings o
 humanity, to make them marketahl*
 commodities, along with cattle anc
 swine: what though he scouts the doc
 trine **f the Declaration of independ
 ence. that all men are born equal, ant
 endowed with an inalienable right It
 liberty—and also the doctrine of thr
 New Testament, that “God hath inadt
 of om. iii.noti all nations of men;*
THE NORTH STAR
what though he is conspiring for tbej
 banishment of the free colored inhabit
 ant* to benighted on the ground
 that they haie no right to remain here,
 and that they can never be elevated in
 tho Lnited States? All this but adds
 to the jKipular enthusiasm at bis pre
 sence! This wholesale and unmiti
 gated villany only increases his popu- 1
 larity! He is “that same old coon v ”j
 —lie is “Harry of the west,” he is
 “the eloquent orator, the distinguished
 statesman, the bright particular star of
 the country!” Alas, for the man! Alas,
 for the people!
 In the New' York Herald is a much
 more full report of the Mr. Clay’s
 speech, than in the Journal of Com
 merce. When Mr. Clay rose, he was
 “received with nine times nine, which(
 were repeated. Indeed, we never j
 heard a speake greeted by such tre-|
 meridous applause; and although it was:
 evident that at leant half of those present
 were there merely for fun, the contagion
 seemed infectious, and all screamed out
 a w elcome at the top of their voices.”
 L* t us sce how well he is entitled to'
 such applause.
 Of the Colonization Society he says, I
 Far was it from the intention of the)
 gentlemen who founded the Society, to j
 deprive any of their property —to place i
 it in any danger, or affect it in any aeveree
 whatever Exactly so: their object
 was to expatriate those whose presence
 wits disagreeable to them, and to give
 increased security and value to slave
 property. Of this, no candid man who
 has studied the doctrines and measures
 of the Society, can entertain a doubt.
 We did not stop,” says Mr. Clay,
 to enquire whether Slavery was right
 or wrong.” True—and for the all-suffi
 cient reason, that if they had done so,
 they might peradventure have been
 found guilty of the meanest kind of
 robbery, and of the most cruel oppres
 sion. They shunned that inquiry, be
 cause they knew that their hands were
 stained with blood, and that their gold
 and silver were cankered. But there
 w r as no need of stopping to settle that
 question. What is self-evident cannot
 be doubtful. The witness was in the
 breast of every one of these baseconspir
 atois against the peace and liberty of
 those who, haying been delivered from
 the prison-house of slavery, are strug
 gling to reach a more elevated position,
 —and not in vain.
 “We merely considered the fact,”]
 continues Mr. Clay, “that black peo-t
 pie could not live in a state of equality I
 with w hite people, and upon that fact
 we acted/’ Why can they not so live?
 P:ipb, ihrn, th* immortal principle within,
 Clianze with the casual color ol the shin!
 Docs matter govern spirit! or is mind
 Degraded by the form to which *tis joined!”
 Let the amiable Cowpcr answer
 these questions:
 FI. cry locks ami dark complexion
 Oumot alter nature's claim!
 Sd.i is mac differ, I-lit aftortiuii
 Dwells in black and white the same.”
 The real truth is, Mr. Clay and his
 expatriating associates found in the
 land, all prevalent and all powerful, a
 vulgar, unnatural, malevolent, fero*
 cions prejudice against the free colored
 (not against the slave) population; and,
 instead of rebuking it as a daring im
 peachment of the wisdom and goodness
 of God, and a flagrant libel upon man’s
 nature, they avowed themselves to he
 animated by it—justified and advocated
 it as a natural instinct—excited it w here
 it was latent, and created it where it
 it did not exist—and proclaimed the im
 possibility of the colored people being
 either free or happy, while they re
 mained in this Christian country! Re
 iterating the falsehood upon all occa
 sions, and inducing almost every pulpit
 and press in the land to re-echo it,
 they produced a highly malignant state
 of mind towards the objects of their
 pseudo benevolence, and left nothing
 undone to make them a wretched and
 degraded class in every State in the
 Union, especially at the South,
 j It is as sound and sensible a proposi
 tion to say, that fat people cannot live
 i with lean, or that tall people cannot
 i live with short people, in a state of
 equality, as that persons of opposite
 complexion cannot do so. The con
 trust is not greater, and in fuct not
 more unpleasant iu one case than in
 the other.
 All nature** difk-ieuce makes ail nature's peace.”
 It Mr. Clay is offended at the sight of
 a black skin, why does he keep slaves
 around him—on his plantation, in his
 kitchen, and even in his parlor? Why
 has he, during the thirtv-onc years of
 hi* support of the Colonization Society,
 not emancipated a single slave, in order
 I to procure for him liberty and equality
 iu Liberia, and to get rid of a nuisancer
 If tho practice of slaveholding had not
 vulgarized his iniud, and destroyed his
 moral sense, he would readily perceive
 ibis simple truth—l hut every man is
 entitled to be treated as a man, what
 ever may be his bulk, height, or com
 plexion, and that the rights of all are
 ‘equal.—But we cannot find room this
 week, for all that we have written iu
 review of this prejudice exciting, nau _
 bating speech.
 j From ilir l.ibentUr.
 livrouusv I'SM.DKED,
 I
 j As precious a specimen of pharisai
 cal hypocrisy and priestly insolence, as
 flic age lias presented, may be found
 on our last page, copied from the Ver
 mont Chronicle into the New England
 f Puritan, with comments. The long
 i faced editors, of these devout papers
 discovered, by its date, to the grief of
 their pious souls,, that the letter of in
 quiry, addressed by Mr. Palfrey to Mr.
 Winthrop, iu regard to the course the
 latter would pursue as Speaker of the
 House of Representatives, respecting
 Slavery and (lie-War, was written on
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
“the holjr Sabbath,” alias, the first
 day of the week! Vigilant watchmen
 upon the walls of Cant! Without a
 moment's delay, they hare sounded
 the alarm, as though a giant enemy ofj
 God had made his appearance, and'
 committed the worst cnmc in the long
 category of human transgressions; as
 though everything sacred in heaven, i
 and precious on earth, was now in im
 minent peril; as though all Christen-j
 dom should be roused to prevent the j
 repetition of an act so flagrant! “Are
 there not six days on which a man may j
 write letters?”
 The insolence of all this is seen in
 the fact—first, that there is no scrip-’
 tural authority whatever either for de
 signating or observing the first day of
 the week as a Sabbath; secondly, that
 Mr. Palfrey is not a believer in the
 lioliness of any day as above another,:
 but honors every day—consequently,;
 lie has done nothing which he regards
 as inconsistent with Christianity; and
 thirdly, that conceding all that the,
 Puritan and Chronicle claim, on the
 score of sanctity, for the first day of
 the week, the conduct of Mr. Palfrey
 was worthy of the day, and as erm
 mendable as were the acts of Jesus, in
 healing the sick on the Sabbath, which
 excited such a clamor among those
 pattern knaves, the Jewish Scribes and
 Pharisees. “It is law ful to do well on
 the Sabbath,” said Jesus, meeting his
 malicious accusers on their own ground;
 and if a sheep, falling, on that day,
 into a pit, may, without any breach of
 the commandment, be lifted out, then
 it cannot be wrong to aid a suffering
 man. The object of Mr. Palfrey, in
 writing his letter to Mr. Winthrop, was
 to stop the effusion of blood in Mexico,
 and to extricate, (as far as practicable,)
 three millions of iiis countrymen who
 had fallen into the pit of slavery. AVliat
 could be more beneficent and holy, or
 more pleasing in the sight of God?i
 Now r we verily believe, that it is be- j
 cause lie had this good object in view, j
 and is in sympathy with the anti-slaver}
 movement, that the editors of the Puri
 tan and Chronicle have singled him
 out, as one deserving of special re
 probation. No marvel, that, accused by
 such hypocrites, “Jesus looked round
 on them with anger, [holy indigna
 tion,] being grieved for the hardness of
 their heaits.” If Mr. Palfrey had sig
 nalized himself by his hostility to the,
 humane and reformatory spirit of the
 age, neither the Puritan nor Chronicle
 would have taken any notice of any
 letter he might have written on the j
 Lord’s day s providing it had no refer
 ence to the cause of suffering humanity.
 But he has had slaves bequeathed to
 him, and refused to hold them in bond
 age. He broke every yoke, and let
 the oppressed go free, not only without
 extorting a farthing by way of compen
 sation, but at much pecuniary sacrifice,
 in addition to the market value of the
 slaves. He exerted himself greatly to
 prevent that dire catastrophe, the an
 nexation of Texas. He has refused to
 be a vassal of the cottonocracy of Bos
 ton, and in spite of their machinations,
 was chosen as an anti-slavery Whig
 representative to Congress from popu
 lous Middlesex. He voted against the
 Whig candidate for Speaker, Mr. Win
 throp, on principle, and thus showed
 himself to be free from the bondage of
 party, and true to his own independent
 and conscientious opinions of duty, cost
 what they might. Though a prodigious
 outcry has been raised against him for
 that vote, he has heard it calmly and
 met it unshrinkingly. It is for reasons
 like these, and not because they are
 careful cither for the fourth or any
 other commandment in itself, that the
 editors of the Puritan and Chronicle
 have pounced upon him, and are now
 trying to injure his religious character,
 for an act which, whether tried by the
 Jew ish or Christian standard, is worthy
 of the highest commendation.
 There is one fact which H. C. Wright
 and the editor of the Christian World
 have overlooked in their animadversions
 on this pharisaical attack on Mr. Pal
 frey. It is, that the reply of JUr. ff in~
 throp was also written on Sunday! But
 of this fact the Puritan and Chronicle
 find it convenient to discard all knowl
 edge. The sin of Mr. Winthrop
 was the same in kind and extent as that
 committed by Mr. Palfrey; but for the
 former there is not a breath of censure,
 aud the reader is left to infer, that Mr.
 I W. wrote his reply on Monday; while
 for the latter, strong condemnation is
 meted out, as if he alone was in the
 transgression. A fact like this shows
 the hypocrisy of the Puritan and Chron
 icle in its strongest light conceivable.
 Mr. Winthrop is an aristocratic con
 servative, voted supplies for the war,
 prevented any anti-slavery pledge be
 ing given at the Springfield Whig Con
 vention, has no sympathy for the slave,
 is the choice of South Carolina for
 i Speaker of the House, and the pet oi
 the Boston cottonocracy—and there
 fore the Chronicle and Puritan have nc
 charge to bring against him of Sabbath
 breaking!
 N.B. Here is a glaring violation ol
 the Sabbpth.” We w ait to see what
 the Puritan or Chronicle will say about
 it:—
 Vr.UA Carz, Mexico, Dec. 99.
 A portion of the Louisiana battallior
 were drilled on Sunday morning last
 opposite the palace, in the presence o;
 Gen. Twigga.
 1
 Tacz—Dr. Franklin tells us that i
 man as often gets two dollars for th«
 one he spends in informing bis mind
 ,as he does for s dollar he laya out ii
 i any other way. A man eats up a poem
 iof sugar, and it is gone, and the infor
 motion he gets from a newspaper u
 treasured in the mind to be enjoye&lt;
 anew, and to be used whenever occa
 mam or inclination call for H.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1848.
CULTIVATION OF THE XI!fO.
 It has sometimes been thought that
 the cultivation of the mind would be an
 injury to those who obtain their liveli
 hood by manual labor; that supposing
 every man, be his occupation what it
 may, were to have his mind highly cul
 tivated, it would render him uneasy in
 his lot. Nothing can be wider from the
 truth. A single word will explain it, —J
 and that is, that as you raise men
 towards equality in intellect and educa
 tion, you bring them nearer actual
 equality,—and the distinctions of prop
 erty and occupation will sink away to
 nothing. Was Washington any less
 respected when he become a piactical j
 Farmer, than when at the head of the'
 Nation? No cultivated, intellectual
 man can be degraded by his employ
 ment. It is tne mind that makes the!
 man, and that makes one man equal to!
 another; aud if I were to solve the;
 problem how to make a w hole commu- j
 uity contented, I would raise them as
 near to an equality in education as pos
 sible. The two best educated nations
 on the face of the earth are, it is sup
 posed, Denmark and the United States.
 The Government of one is a despotism,
 and that of the other, is opposite, Re
 publicanism. And yet the inhabitants
 of these two countries are probably the t
 best contented of any in the world.
 An educated mind has so many re
 sources within itself, that it has not to
 depend upon outward circumstances for
 happiness. A man with a cultivated.
 intellect would feel neither disgrace nor
 uneasiness to have you find him at the.
 anvil; nor would you, if you had a
 mind rightly educated, respect him any,
 the less. I well recollect calling in iny 1
 College days, to deliver a letter of in-j
 troduction, to a gentleman whom I j
 found cleaning out his barn-yard, w ith i
 his leather apron girded round him, and;
 his team his only helpers. I knew that;
 he had led men in battle in other days,
 and that then he was the honored Gov-j
 ernor of one of the New' England:
 States: and I received a lesson from
 him by the call, which I trust I shall
 never forget. The interview made a 1
 deep impression on my heart. What i
 must be the contentment of a commu
 nity who needed so little of govern-i
 inent that their Chief Magistrate might,
 till his own little farm, and gain his
 bread by the sweat of his brow!
 A very great number of our most
 valuable inventions and improvements
 are to be traced to intelligent men i*»*
 the common walks qf life, Aud .1 have
 no doubt that in proportion to the intel
 ligence of the mass of community will
 be the advancement of the world to
 w ards its final glory. J might occupy
 a volume in illustration of what* 1
 mean.
 An intelligent manwasasoap-inakcr.
 He noticed that after all the alkali had
 been exhausted, the lye would rapidly
 corrode his copper kettles. Unable to
 explain the phenomenon, he took some
 of it to an eminent chemist. On ana
 lyzing it, the chemist discovered a new
 substance, hitherto unknown, viz: the
 metal called lodine. Further investi
 gation traced this to the ashes, then to
 the sea-weed from which the ashes had
 been made, —then to the ocean, to salt
 springs, and to all marine substances.
 A physician in Germany reads the ac
 count, and recollects that he had heard
 that burned sponge had been know n to
 cure the horrible, and till then incura
 ble disease called the Gfoiire —which
 afflicts whole districts in the South of
 Europe. He conjectures that it is the
 lodine in the sponge which effects the
 cure, and he accordingly applies the
 lodine to the Goitre, and it is found that
 it is almost an infallible cure. Thus a
 j world of misery is prevented by the
 shrewdness of a soap-boiler.
 A few years since, the scurvy was
 the terror of the seas. Whole crews
 were cut down, and more than one case
 has been known in w hich the bodies of
 the dead, sewed up in sail-cloth, have
 lain rolling on the deck, day after day,
 because the crew were too much with
 ered to raise them over the nettings
 and commit them to the deep. Ad
 miral Hosetr, who sailed for the West
 Indies, with seven ships of the
 line, during the last century, lost all
 his men twice over, during the single
 i voyage, and himself died of a broken
 heart before he reached home. hat
 a blessing did that man bestow, who
 informed the world that the simple acid
 lof the lemon, taken daily, would
 banish this fearful disease! It is now
 almost unknown even in the most crowd
 f ed ships.
 i The discovery of Franklin, a man at
 that time in common life, by w hich the
 lightnings of heaven are brought under
 the control of man, Ls an example in
 point. In Fiaucc aud Germany, where
 the lightnings are far more destructive
 than with us, this discovery- is valued
 as it ought to be.
 I might lead you to look at the Light
 house as it was, and as it now is, tn
 see the immense improvements which
 have been made, and in consequence
 of which life is saved iu multitudes of
 instances. I might point you to the
 Life-boat, which will now shoot out in
 the howling storm, and which will ride
 over any raging of the deep, *bo»
 you that it is to the intelligence of the
 every day laboring mechanics, that we
 ‘owe this valuable machine for saving
 human lite. I might take you over the
 sections of Europe where the at mow
 i! phere is poisoned by malarious exhaia-
 J (tons, and show yon what an amount
 sickness and death have been prevented
 by Quinine, a simple discovery, hut one
 I of immense value.
 Once more, it was found that the
 i i steel dost which was created by grinding
 1 needles, and which ia inexpressibly mi
 j mite, filled the atmosphere, filled thi
 teye and the lungs, and invariably caus
•d consumption. Gauze veilaof th«
 finest texture were tried, but all to n&lt;
 purpose. No veil could prevent it front
 entering the cjre and the lungs. Al
 last a workman notices a child playing
 with "a magnet,—-drawing the needlci
 and the steel-dust after it— as we have
 all done in childhood. The discover}
 is now made. A veil of tine magnetic
 wire is drawn over the face, and the ait
 is strained pure—all the dust of the
 steel being attracted and held by the
 wire, and the labor of grinding needles
 is now hardly more dangerous than any
 other business.
 I have adduced these examples—
 they might be greatly extender—and
 wonders like those achieved by the
 cottcn-gin, and by vaccination, might
 he dwelt upon almost indefinitely—not
 because they are of course new, but
 because they show you that mind and
 intelligence in the woik-shop are as
 valuable, and of as much use to the
 human family, as if they were em
 ployed in writing folios. One single
 fact brought into notice—one single
 phenomenon brought into view, and its
 explanation obtained, may be unmeas
 ured in its results upon the world.—
 Usefulness and respectability come from
 the union of a good heart and an intel
 ligent mind, and are to be monopolized
 by no station or occupation. Seek,
 then, to obtain these as your own.—
 Todd's Hints to Young Men.
 THE WOMEN OF SCOTLAND TO
 THE FREE WOMEN OF THE UNI
 TED STATES OF AMERICA.
 Dear Sislers: -Enjoying freedom our
 selves, our desire is, that its blessings
 should be extended to every member o(
 the human family. In your country
 there are three millions of our fellow
 inortals, descended from the same Pa
 rent as ourselves, in whose veins run
 the same blood as in our own—whose
 visages bear the same divine impress—
 whose hearts are susceptible of the
 same impulses—whose souls must stand
 before the same judgment-scat, and
 inhabit the same eternity as our own—
 w ho, notwithstanding their being under
 a Government, the fundamental declara
 tion of whose Constitution is, That
 all are born free and equal,” have in
 disregard of any principle of nature and
 religion, been robbed of their most sa
 cred rights —doomed by the laws of your
 country to a perpetual and degrading
 bondage—regarded as beasts of burden
 —bought and sold as articles of mer
 chandise—all the tics of social life dis
 regarded—the husband and wife, the
 parent and the child, subject to be for
 ever separated deprived of every
 means of instruction, intellectual and
 moral—and, above all, denuded of that
 liberty which is the right of every human
 being breathing the vital air.
 W e ask you to pause and reflect on
 this unseemly and wicked state of things;
 emancipate yourself from that bondage
 of custom, or prejudice, or interest,
 under which you may be laboring; con
 template the horrors of the slave system
 with an open and candid mind; realize
 as far as you can, an adequate concep
 tion of the realities of this evil; ascer
 tain in what way you stand connected
 with it; and, looking at that connection
 in the light of a final reckoning, decide
 at once whether Slavery is in future to
 count upon you as friends or foes. Our
 religion teaches that God is the Father
 of us all, and that freedom is the sacred
 birthright of all his children. We,
 therefore, protest against any member of
 this family robbing any other of this inal
 ienable gilt, and call upon all who have
 escaped the horrors of bondage to break
 these fetters, and let the oppressed go
 free.
 It grieves us to learn that not a few
 of you, who professedly recognize the
 Christian religion as the rule of life, are
 actually identified with the slave sys
 tem of your country, living in the very
 midst of it, surrounded by those whom
 i God has endowed with tbs same gifts
 as yourselves, and who, you cannot de
 ny, are brothers and sisters of that
 great family to which you belong.—
 They arc kept in boudage for your
 sakes; they are deprived of intellectual,
 inoral and religious culture, that they
 may the better serve your selfish purpo
 ses. There is no necessity impelling
 vou to hold longer over them the rod
 of the oppressor; you may, if you
 choose, wash your hands, at once clean
 of this evil. Do not imagine that be
 cause you have been born and educated
 in the midst of Slavery, that you are
 guiltless, or at least comparatively in
 nocent, however much these unhappy
 circumstances may have tended to
 blunt your moral sensibilities, or to
 mitigate your guilt w hen you lived (if it
 were possible so to live) in ignorance of
 your criminality; be assured that now,
 when your attention has been called to
 the sinfulness of yoor position, that if
 you have left in your breasts one single
 vestige of that moral perception which
 distinguishes our nature, so long os you
 stand in any degree identified with Slja
 very, that you are unmitigated trans
 gressors of the immutable laws of God’s
 moral government.
 We urge you once more humbly tore
 view the principles of the Christian jre
 -1 ligion. Ponder well that great com
 mandment which includes all others.
 Love the Lord thy God with all thy
 I heart, and thy neighbor as thyself,**—
 I learn again the spirit of that golden
 maxim, Do onto others as ye would
 rjthey should do unto you." Are you
 I, willing to change conditions with those
 t i who are held in bondage by yon, or for
 you? Arc you willing to entrust your
 future happiness to the caprice of the
 task-master—at his will to be torn from
 your husband or father, your child or
 i sister, and separated forever? Are you
 ’prepared to abandon all your right,
civil and rrligiiHH—lo be deprived o
 every means of instruction —to b
 herded as cattle are—sold at the auc
 tim block to the highest bidder —you
 persona to be flogged, abused, or de
 atroyed, as best suits the purposes
 those into whose hands you may fall
 If not, then love your neighbor as your
 1 selves, do unto others as ye would thei
 should do unto you— or at once honest 1j
 renounce the professed service of i
 Master whom you are not willing t*
 obey;—far better for yourselves, am
 for the cause of suffering humanity, tha
 you boldly renounce a religion whirl
 lays you under restrictions to ih
 which you are resolved not to s\|jbnit
 than that you should deceive the work
 and your ownselves, by attempting t&lt;
 do what never can be done—serve botl
 God and Mammon.
 We would affectionately warn you
 against attempting to defend your posi
 tion, by appeals to the supposed prac
 tices of Old Testament times. The
 Bible is only an open book to those w ho
 read it with honest hearts; to all others
 its instructions arc sealed up; if your
 desire in reading is to find an apology
 for slavery, you will not leave your
 task disappointed; but if your simple
 desire is to know the truth and obey it,
 then the truth shall make yours* Ives a?
 well as your bondsmen free. Bear il
 in mind, that our controversy is not
 with the Slavery of by-gone times, but
 with that slavery which exists at this
 moment in your own land. Let it b&lt;
 tried on its own merits. The only le
 gitimate Christian mode of settling thi:
 matter, is to judge of it by its fruits
 Shut yourPildes, then, till you havt
 analyzed the slave system till yoi
 have, as thoroughly as possible, be
 come acquainted with its character; ant
 then open the sacred volume, submi
 slavery to its tribunal, and t* II us if i’
 conics forth justified or condemned.
 There are in your c untry a large
 class, who, not being actually involvec
 in the slave system, imagine thal
 they occupy a neutral position, and are
 therefore tree from the charge of sup
 porting slavery. To such, we would
 say, between right and wrong there is
 no neutral ground. “He who is not
 with us is against us,” is the language
 of One who always spoke the truth; if
 you are not protesting against slavery,
 if you have not repudiated the fellowship
 ofthose who live by its existence, then,
 according to the statement of J* sus,
 you are not with us, but with those who
 are against us. There can he no greater
 or wore fatal error than toimagino, thal
 slavery depends lor its existence upon
 the holders of slaves; it could not exist
 a year if left solely to depend upon them
 for support; they are the mere execu
 tors of the religious sentiment of your
 country on this matter, and would be
 powerless under a correct public opin
 ion. Your pro-slavery churches are
 “the Bulwarks of Slavery;” they are
 giving their mighty influence to perpet
 uate the present state of things; they
 have refrained from declaring the crim
 inality of man attempting to hold prop
 erty in his fellow man:—nay they de
 fend such a state of things, as perfectly
 consistent with the precepts and spirit
 of Christianity They have received
 into their most intimate fellowship the
 slaveholders of your land, and thus en
 dorsed the whole system as good; they
 are not with us, but against us. The
 Church has, in every age and in every
 country, been the most powerful regu
 lator of public sentiment, inasmuch as
 it deals with the religious feelings of
 the people; but the church is made up
 of its individual members, sa its influ
 ence is the combination of theirs, il
 your influence, then, has been thrown
 into the common stock of any church,
 where slavery and its supporters are
 not the subjects of separation and un
 qualified condemnation, are you free
 from the charge of perpetuating this
 evil and prolonging its horrors? We
 would remind you that onr guilt, in con
 nection with any system of iniquity, can
 only be measured by the amount of in
 fluence we possess. —The more repu
 tedly good men and women are, the
 more dangerous do they become, when
 they sanction that which is evil; slave
 ry reaps a greater harvest from the
 silcuce of such, than from the efforts of
 all the slaveholders iu your land. Let
 your churches give forth un unqualified
 condemnation of this system, let your
 ministers fearlessly declare from their
 pulpits its true character, and slavery
 with its attendant evils, will speedily
 disappear; hut if they persist in per
 petuating this fearful delusion, iniquity
 will wax stronger and stronger, till
 those virtues which are the only guar
 antee of your country's preservation,
 shall be bl«4ted out.
 We would say, take decided action
 let your creed be, no compromise with
 slavery—no communion with slavehold
 ers; if the church to which you belong
 will not stand forth in vindication of the
 rights of your colored countrymen, then
 be faithful to your religion—“ Lome
 out of her my people, that ye partake
 i not of her sins, and that ye receive not
 of her plagues.”
 To that small, but ever increasing
 i class, who, lor a long series of years
 have, amid scorn and persecution, been
 devoting their entire energies to the
 work ofyour country’s emancipation,
 I we look with feelings of the deepest
 sympathy and the fondest hope; we
 have not been inattentive observers of
 the self-sacrificing course of W illiam
 Lloyd Garrison and his devoted cour-
 I peers. The countless attempts made
 by the pro-slavery men of vour land to
 blast their reputation, and tLe unbound
 ed confidence placed in tbein by your
 colored population, is to our muni* con
 clusive evidence of their exalted worth,
 of their growing success, and of our
 own bounden duly to cheer and aid
 them on by every means in our power.
WILLIAM C. .MIIX, Pvauaaia.
 JOHN DK'K, Pai*r«a.
WHOLE NO—VII.
I
 f| c have been privileged to meet here
 *°m« of thow noble spirits—our
 minds have been improved, our under
 standings enlightened, our hearts wann
 ed by their eloquent pleadings on be-
 I half of the slave; and our appeals now
 are but the result of their labors amongst
 us, the echo of a voice from your shores
 returning to rouse you to action.
 bor Maria Weston Chapman, and
 i our sisters who have so long and so
 nobly struggled for the freedom of nth-
 I ers, we would entreat your sympathy
 l anti regard; and this request we make,
 i not for their sakcs, but for the sake of
 those whose deliverance from bondage
 -is the object for which they live, and
 for which, we doubt not, they are pre
 pared to die.—They have navcr sought
 to accomplish their work by pandering
 to a corrupt public sentiment, or by
 courting popular applause; but trust
 ing to the righteousness of their cause,
 they have put their trust in the God of
 l the oppressed, and faithfully spoken
 what they believed.
 Though separated from their field of
 labor by a boisterous ocean, yet our
 hearts, and prayers, and labours are
 one with their own. We know that
 Scotland can do much to break the rod
 of the oppressor. Although she has no
 slaves treading her soil, yet she is not
 without apologists for those who tread
 yours; and, by the help of God, we
 will not cease our agitation till every
 j apologist has been silenced, and every
 slave emancipated. How long we may
 require to labor, we cannot tell, nor is
 it needful we should; enough for us to
 know that these exertions shall ultimute
 ly be crowned w ith success, and that
 j the more faithfully wc labor, the more
 i speedily we triumph,
 i Perhaps some may be ready to an
 swer our appeals by pointing to tlie
 men of America as those who must
 work out its deliverance, —to such we
 would say:—
 We ask not woman to leave her “ap
 propriate sphere.” Had its duties been
 properly discharged, your country
 would not now have been disgraced by
 slavery. Mothers! there are none so
 powerful as you. You have the educa
 ting, may we not say the ruin or salva
 tion of your country in your own hands.
 If slavery is to be overthrown by the
 exertions of the other sex, then they
 must be qualified for that work; selfish
 dispositions must be subdued; exalted
 ideas of liberty, and sacred regard for
 the rights of humanity, must be im
 planted; and from where may we ex
 pcct such a race of men, if not from the
 nurseries of your land? Let your own
 souls become filled with generous emo
 tions; let your lullaby to your little in
 fants be the song of liheity; let your
 j fireside talk be of the wrongs of bond
 age, and the blessings of freedom; by
 your ow n lives impress upon the willing
 j minds ol your offspring, lofty concep-
 I tions ofduty, and create within them a
 longing desire to vindicate the liberties
 of your land; —be thus faithful to your
 sacred trust, and soon may that spirit
 which is inscribed on the escutcheon of
 your country, that all are born freo
 j and equal,” wake up from the slumber
 of ages, breaking every yoke and letting
 the oppressed go free.
 _____
 From Pttrker’* Letter on Slavery.
 EFFECTS OF SLAVERY O.Y IX
 DFfiTKY.
 Let us examine the Effects of Sla
 very on Industry in all its forms. In
 the South manual labor is considered
 menial and degrading; it is the business
 of slaves. In the free States the ma
 jority work with their hands, counting
 it the natural business of a man, not
 a reproach, but n duty and a dignity.
 Thus in Boston—the richest city of its
 population in America, and perhaps in
 the world—out of 19,0-17 private fami
 lies in 4H45, there were' 1.7,714 who
 kept no servant, and only I.OtrO who
 had more than one assistant to perform
 their household labor. In the South,
 the free man shuns labor; *‘lll a slaie
 country every freeman is an aristo
 crat,” and of course labor is avoided
 by such. Where work is disgraceful,
 men of spirit will not submit to it. So
 the high-minded but independent free
 men are continually getting worse off,
 or emigrating nut of the slave States
 into new free States, —not as the enter
 prising adventurer goes from New Eng
 land, because he wants more room,
 hut because his condition is a re
 proach.
 Most of the productive work of the
 South is done by slaves. But the slave
 has no stimulus; the natural instinct of
 production is materially checked. 'llia
 master has the mouth which consumes,
 the slave only the hand which earns.—
 He labors not for himself, but for an
 other; for another who continually
 wrongs him. His aim, therefore, is to
 do the least he can get along w ifh. lie
 will practise no economy; no thrill; he
 breaks his tools. He will not think for
 his ma&gt;ter; it is all hand-work, for bo
 only gives what Ins master can force
 from him, and he cannot conceal; there
 i« no head-work. There is no inven
 tion in the slave; little am* eg the
 masters; Ibr their business is t*&gt; art on
 men, not directly on things. 'I his cir
 rumstance may fit the slaveholder r
 Politics—of a certain character; tt un
 fits him for the great operation* of pro
 ductile industry. They and all IsUn
 saving contrivances come from the
 North. In there were seventy
 six patents granted by the nMionaJ of
 fice for inventions made in fourteen
 sHve States, with a population of
 7,341.441, or one for each pen.
 •on*; the same time there w ere MA
 granted to the fire States,with e pecula
 non of 9,7iS,lhfci, or one for each 17.249
 persons. Maryland, by her p* «mon,
 partakes more of the enarncter of tbs
 free State* than most of her m-icis. and
"
