"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, i
 M. R. DELANY, Earroa*.
VOL 11. NO. IS.
The NORTH STAR in published every
 Friday* at No. 23, Buffalo street*
 (‘fppot (V Arcade.i
 TERMS*
 Two &gt;Fi!Un« p-r annum. airray, w* mdiwmet. No
 •ulwrrijition will I* iWfiwJ a u rm K 1"
 six mouth*.
 Adv.-rtiwo *nt« not exreedimt «en hnen
 three time* l’«r one d&lt;Jlu; every *ul&gt;*e«tueiit inser
 tion, twenty-five cent*.
THK object &lt;&gt;f ti*e North .Star will to attack
 St.AVERV in all its form* r, d aspect*; advocate
 I'xin.RAAL r.VA»cir*ri''x; exalt tl*e standard
 of I‘t Ri.ic Mik t.trr; promote the moral and in
 tellectual improvement of the C'oi.orep Pf.opi.f.
 -,nd haefen the day of FREEDOM to the Thri.K
 Mim.ioxi of &lt;ior Es»i.ivr.i&gt; I r.Lt-ow Cour
 ts vs r.ft.
 PI" BLITHER'S* NOTICES.
 All c immuaicatiniui relating? to tlie burin rn
 m ittrm nf the pajier, name* of MiWriher,, remit
 ta-ice*, &amp;c., aliunUi Ik addressed to Johx Dick,
 Piilili idler.
 A 2cnt.«, and all other* rending names, are
 e-jiMmied to lie accurate, and give the JW
 he V'mnty, and tin- State. Each Subscriber is iin
 mediatelv credited for money received.
 (0- Anv person sending in the payment for four
 suhsenliers. to L* forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy lor one year.
 fjr&gt;- All letters ami r imuiiiiiirations must lie post
 paid.
MSI OF AGENTS.
 MtHACHVitTT!).—it. K. Walcutt, 21, nreliill,
 Butoa; Nathan John* m, New Bedford; Horatio
 Foster, 1 ,0 well; Janie* N. Iliiffnm, Lynn; George
 Evan*. Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Clarke 11. Si-tli, Springfieldl; David Kuggle*,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, I pion.
 Maixf..—Oliver Bennett, Portland.
 Vkrvdxt.— Howland r. liol&gt;inson, Nortli Fer
 ri-l»urg. i-
 Cni v rrTirft.—Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New llavfahirk.— Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 New York. —Sydney 11. Gay, 112, Nassau
 Sir-et James WrCiine Smith, 98, Wert Broadway;
 Joscpli Post, VVratburv, &lt;i«K‘en County; Mary Har
 per, Allmiiv Elias Doiv, Maeedon: Willetts Keese,
 Peril, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. 1,.
 Platt, Bath.
 Kiioiik Ist.AMt.—Amaranev Paine, Providence.
 Pr.NMsvi.v ami a.— J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Gomes, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Rmvn,Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 lown, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vevslturgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Roliert Banks, Detroit.
 I &gt;itia n a.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Communication.
 MEETING AT COLUMBUS.
 Pursuant to notice, many of the col
 ored people of this city and vicinity as
 sembled in public meeting in the Sec
 ond Baptist Church, and organized by
 calling L. L. Tavlor to the Chair, and
 appointing J. M. Cordoyo Secretary.
 The Chairman having briefly stated
 the object of the meeting, Mr. D. Jen-j
 kins submitted a series of resolutions!
 for consideration.
 E. S. Hamlin being called for, 1
 arose, and gave an interesting exposi-,
 tion of the* many inconveniences to i
 which colored people are subjected by!
 the Black Laws, and some of the bene
 fits resulting to them from a partial re-,
 peal.
 Wm. Washington, in behalf of the j
 Chair, presented other resolutions, j
 which, with those of Jenkins, were
 unanimously adopted.
 Resolved, That we, a portion of the
 downtrodden colored people of Ohio,
 feel highly gratified that a partial repeal
 of the Black Laws has been effected.
 Resolved, That the repeal is not an
 act of grace, but of justice, and right,
 and evinces a return to the principles
 of ’7*i, and to the Bill of Rights of this
 State.
 Resolved, That we congratulate the
 people of Ohio, and of the West, on
 the advancing march of freedom, and
 pledge ourselves never to be found
 wanting in furthering its progress, till
 every man enjoys equally the privileges
 of citizenship.
 Resolved, That our friends, to whose
 exertions we are indebted for the re
 peal, need entertain no apprehension ofi
 the verification of the predictions of our
 enemies, respecting what our conduct
 will be in the future, for as there was
 before, so shall there be after the re
 peal, a perfect exemplification of our
 entire fitness to enjoy every right which
 (iod has vouchsafed us, of which we
 are now*, by man’s injustice, plundered.
 Resolved. That the repeal has added I
 new strength to our arms, fresh inspira
 tion to our minds to struggle on, and
 ever, till the shades pf Hades shall
 have become the receptacle for the last
 vestige of the abominable spirit of com-,
 plexional caste, which now invests our
 country, and the colored people, with
 the whites, enjoy all their God-given
 rights.
 Resolved, That to liberty of speech,
 right of petition, an untrammeled press, j
 free States, free soil and free men, we
 earnestly devote ourselves, as doctrines I
 paramount to all others, sufficient, if
 faithfully preached and insisted upon,
 to w«»rk the annihilation of all heathen
 ish prejudices, proscription and chains,
 in this boasted Republic, making it all
 that its fathers contemplated in its or
 ganization, or the friends of humanity
 at the present day could wish.
 N\ hereas, the declaration of Inde
 pendence ot the original thirteen States
 ot tins l nion, distinctly proclaims these
 sublime truths, “That all men are
 created equal; that they ureendowedi
 by their reator with certain unalieua-|
 ble rights, among which are life, lib
 erty and tile pursuit of happiness”;!
 and whereas, the Constitution oi Ohio*
 not only reaffirms, but explicitly adopts'
 the same, in these words—“ All men
 are born equally free and independent
 and have certain natural and inherent
 and unalienable rights, among which
 are the enjoying and defending life and
 liberty, acquiring, possessing and pro- j
 looting property, and pursuing and ob-i
 taming happiness and safety;”
 Resolved, That 111 our opinion, so
 much of Ohio law as contravenes these
 heuveu-born truths arc a nonentity.
THE NORTH STAR.
Resolved, That we give a grand ju
 bilee supper, and that a committee ol
 nine be appointed to make necessary
 arrangements in regard thereto.
 Resolved, That there be a committee
 of three appointed to select speakers
 for the occasion, and lo notify the public
 as to the time and place we will as
 semble.
 Resolved, That the North Star,
 Cleveland True Democrat, and Chris
 tian Herald, be respectfully solicited to
 publish the proceedings of this meeting,
 and that J. Brown, J. Poindexter and
 I). Jeukins constitute a committee to
 revise and transmit them to said papers
 for publication.
Selections.
 From tlie Islington Observer and Reporter.
 LETTER OF HON. HENRY CLAY.
 New Orleans, Feb. IT, J 849.
 Dear Sir: —Prior to my departure
 j from home in December last, in behalf
 1 of yourself and other friends, you ob
 11 tained from me a promise to make a
 public exposition of my views and opin
 ions upon a grave and important ques
 tion, which, it was thus anticipated,
 would be much debated and considered
 by the people of Kentucky during this
 year, in consequence of the approach
 ing Convention summoned to amend
 the present Constitution. I was not
 even truly well when I left home, and
 owing to that cause, and my confine
 ment several weeks during my sojourn
 in this city, from the effects of an acci
 dent which befel me, I have delayed in
 the fulfilment of iny promise, which 1 1
 now propose to execute.
 The question to which I allude, is
 whether African slavery, as it now ex
 ists in Kentucky, shall be left to a per
 petual or indefinite continuance, or
 some provision shall be made in the
 Constitution for its gradual and ulti
 mate extinction?
 A few general observations will suf
 fice my present purpose, without enter
 ing on the whole subject of slavery, j
 under all its bearings and in every j
 aspect of it. I am aware that there
 i are respectable persons who believe
 that slavery is a blessing, that the in
 stitution ought to exist in every well
 organized society, and that it is even
 favorable to the preservation of liberty.
 Happily, the number who entertain
 these extravagant opinions is not very
 great, and the time would be uselessly
 occupied in an elaborate refutation of
 them. I would, however, remark, that
 if slavery be fraught with these al
 leged benefits, the principle on which
 it is maintained, would require that one*
 portion of the white race should be re
 duced to bondage to serve another por
 tion of the same race, when black sub
 jects of slavery could not be obtained,
 and that in Africa, where they may en
 tertain as great a preference for their
 color as we do for ours, they would be
 justified in reducing the white race to
 slavery, in order to secure the blessings
 which that state is said to diffuse.
 An argument, in support of reducing
 the African race to slavery, is some
 times derived from their alleged infe
 riority to the white faces; but, if this
 argument be founded in fact, (as it may I
 be, but which I shall not now examine)
 it would prove entirely too much. It
 would prove that every white nation,
 which had made greater advances in
 civilization, knowledge, and wisdom,
 than another white nation, would have
 the right to reduce the latter to a state'
 of bondage. Nay, further, if the prin
 ciple of subjugation, founded upon in- 1
 tellectual superiority, be true, and be
 applicable to races and to nations,what
 is to pi event its being applied to indi
 viduals? And then the wisest man in
 the world would have a right to make
 slaves of all the rest of mankind!
 If, indeed, w-e possess this intel
 lectual superiority, profoundly grateful
 and thankful to Him who has bestowed
 it, we ought to fulfil all the duties and
 obligations which it imposes, and these
 w’ould require us not to subjugate or
 deal unjustly by jur fellow'-men, who
 are less blessed than w T e are, but to
 instruct, to improve, and to enlighten
 them.
 A vast majority of the people of the
 United States, I believe, regret the in
 troduction of slavery into the colonies,
 lament that a single slave treads our
 soil, deplore the necessity of the con
 tinuance of slavery in any of the States,
 regard the institution as a great evil to
 both races, and would rejoice in the
 adoption of any safe, just and practi
 cable plan for the removal of all slaves
 from among us. Hitherto, no such
 satisfactory plan has been presented.
 When, on the occasion ot the forma
 tion of our present constitution of Ken
 tucky, in 1799, the question of the
 gradual emancipation of slavery in the
 State was agitated, its friends had to
 encounter a great obstacle, in the fact
 that there then existed no established
 colony to which they could be trans
 ported. Now, by the successful estab
 lishment of flourishing colonies on the
 Western coast ot Africa, the difficulty
 has been obviated. And I confess that,
 without indulging in any undue feelings
 of superstition, it does seem to me that
 it may have been among the dispensa
 tions of Providence, to permit the
 wrongs under which Africa has suffer
 ed, to be inflicted, that her children
 might be returned to their original home
 civilized, and imbued with the henigu
 spirit of Christianity, and prepared ul
 timately to redeem that great continent
 from barbarism and idolatry.
 Without undertaking to judge for
 any other State, it was my opinion in
 1799, that Kentucky was in a condition
 to admit of the gradual emancipation of
 her slaves; and how deeply do I la
 ment that a syatem, with that object,
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—'TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR— GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
had not been established! if it bad
 j been, (be State would now be rid of all
 t slaves. My opinion has never changed,
 and I have frequently publicly express
 ed it. I should be tnost happy if what
 was impracticable at that epoch, could
 now be accomplished.
 After full and deliberate considera
 tion of the subject, it appears to me
 three principles should regulate the
 establishment of a system of gradual
 emancipation. The first is, that it
 should be slow in its operation, can
 tious, and gradual, so as to occasion no
 convulsion, nor any rash nor sudden
 disturbance in the existing habits of
 society. Second, that, as an indispen
 sable condition, the emancipated slaves
 i should W removed front the State to
 some colony. And thirdly, that the
 expenses of their transportation to such
 colony, including on outfit for 6 months
 after arrival, should be defrayed by a
 fund to be raised from the labor of each
 freed slave.
 Nothing could be more unwise than
 the immediate liberation of all the
 slaves in the State, comprehending both
 sexes and all ages, from that of tender
 infancy to extreme old age. It would
 lead to the most frightful and fatal con
 sequences. Any great change in the
 condition of society should be marked
 by extreme care and circumspection.—
 The introduction of slavery into the
 colonies, was an operation of many
 years’duration; and the work of their
 removal from the United States can only
 be effected after the lapse of a great
 length of time.
 I think that a period should be fixed
 when all born after it should be free at
 a specified age, all born before it, re
 maining slaves for life. That period I
 would suggest should be 1855, or even
 I 860; for on this and other arrange
 ments of the system, if adopted, I in
 cline to a liberal margin, so as to obvi
 ate as many objections and to unite as
 many opinions as possible. Whether
 the commencement of the operation of
 the system be a little earlier or later, is
 not so important as that a day should
 he permanently fixed, from which we
 could look forward with confidence, to
 the final termination of slavery within
 the limits of the commonwealth.
 Whatever may be the day fixed,
 whether 1855 or 1860, or any other
 day, all born after it, I suggest, should
 he free at the age of twenty-five, hut
 be liable afterwards to he hired out,
 under the authority of the State, for a
 term not exceeding three years, in or-'
 der to raise a sum sufficient to pay the:
 expenses of their transportation to the:
 colony, and to provide them at outfit
 for six months afteY their arrival there.
 If descendants of those who are
 themselves to be free at the age of 25,
 were also to he considered as slaves
 until they attained the same age, and
 this rule were continued indefinitely as
 to time, it is manifest that slavery would
 he perpetuated instead of being termi-l
 nated. To guard against this conse-l
 quence, provision might be made that
 the offspring of those who are to be
 free at twenty-five, should be free from
 their birth, hnt upon the condition that
 they should be apprenticed until they j
 were twenty-one, and be also after
 wards liable to be hired out, for a pe- j
 riod not exceeding three years, for the
 purpose of raising money to meet the
 expenses of the colony, and their sub
 sistence for the first six months.
 The Pensylvania act of emancipation
 fixed the period of twenty-eight for the
 liberation of the slaves; and provided,
 or her courts have since interpreted the
 system to mean, that the issue of all
 who were to be free at the limited age,
 were from their births free. The Penn
 sylvania system made no provision for
 colonization.
 Until the commencement of the sys
 tem which I am endeavoring to sketch,
 I think all the legal rights of the pro
 prietors of slaves, in their fullest ex
 tent, ought to remain unimpaired and
 unrestricted. Consequently they would
 have the right to sell, devise, or re
 move them from the State, and, in
 the latter case, without their offspring
 being entitled to the benefit of emanci
 pation, for which the system provides.
 2.—The colonization of the free
 blacks as they successively arrive from
 year to year at the age entitling them
 to freedom, 1 consider a condition ab
 solutely indispensible. Without it, I
 should be utterly opposed to any scheme
 of emancipation. One hundred and
 ninety odd thousand of blacks, com
 posing about one-fourth of the popula
 iation of the State, with their descend
 ants, could never live in peace, har
 mony and equality with the residue of
 the population. The color, passions
 and prejudices would forever prevent
 the two races from living together in a
 state or cordial union. Sucial, moral
 and political degradation would be the
 inevitable lot of the colored race. Even
 in the free States (1 use t;.e terms free
 and slave States, not in any sense de
 rogatory from one class, or implying
 any superiority in the other, but for the
 sake of brevity,) that is their present
 condition. In some ot those free States
 the penal legislation against the people
 of color is quite as severe, if not
 harsher, than it is in some of the slave
 States. As no where in the United
 States are amalgamation and equality
 between the two races possible, it is
 better that there should he a separa
 tion, and that the African descendants
 should he returned to the native land of
 their fathers.
 It will have been seen that the plan
 I have suggested proposes the annual
 transportation of all born after a speci
 fied day, upon their arrival at the pre
 scribed age, to the colony which may
 he selected for their destination, and
 that this process of transportation is to
 be continued until the separation of the
 two races is completed. If the eroan-
ROCHESTER, N. Y, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1849.
cipatcd slaves were to remain in Ken
 lucky until they attained the age of 28,
 it would be about 34 years before the
 first annual transportation would be
 begun, if the system commenced in
 1855, and about 39 years if its opera
 tion began in 1860.
 What the number thus to be annually
 transported would be, cannot be pre
 cisely ascertained. I observe it stated
 by the Auditor, that the increase of
 slaves in Kentucky last year was be
 tween three and four thousand. But as
 that statement was made upon a com
 parison of the aggregate number of all
 the slaves of the State, without regard
 to births, it does not, I presume, ex
 hibit truly the natural increase,
 which was probably larger. Tba ag
 gregate was affected by the introduc
 tion, and still more by the exportation 1
 of slaves. 1 suppose that there would
 not be less, probably more, than five
 thousand, to be transported the first
 year ol the operation of the system;
 but afier it was in progress some years,
 theft; would be a constant diminution of
 the number.
 Would it be practicable annually to
 transport 5000 persons from Kentucky?
 There cannot be a doubt of it, or even
 a much larger i\umber. We receive
 from Europe annually emigrants to an
 amount exceeding *250,000, at a cost
 for the passage of about $lO per head,
 and they embark at European ports
 more distant from the United States
 than the Western coast of Africa. It
 is true that the commercial marine em
 ployed between Europe and the United
 States, affords facilities in the trans
 portation of emigrants, at that low rate,
 which that engaged in the commerce
 between Liberia and this country does
 not now supply? But that commerce is
 increasing, and by the time the pro
 posed system, if adopted, would go into
 operation, it will have greatly aug
 mented. If there were a certainty of
 the annual transportation of not less
 than 5,000 persons to Africa, it would
 create a demand for transports, and the
 spirit of competition would, I have no
 doubt, greatly diminish the present cost
 of the passage. That cost has been
 stated upon good authority to be at
 present $5O per head, including the
 passage and six months outfit after the
 arrival of the emigrant in Africa.—
 Whatever may be the cost, and what-,
 ever the number to be transported, the
 fund to be raised by the hire of the lib-;
 erated slave, for a period not exceeding
 three years, will he amply sufficient.—
 The annual hire, in the average may be
 estimated at $5O, or $l5O for the whole
 term.
 Colonization will be attended with
 the painful effect of the separation of
 the colonists from their parents, and in
 some instances from their children; but
 from the latter it will be only temporary,
 as they will follow, and be again re
 united. Their separation from their
 parents will not be until after they have
 attained a mature age, nor greater than
 voluntarily takes place with emigrants
 from Europe, who leave their parents
 behind. It will be far less distressing
 than what frequently occurs in the state
 of slavery, and will be attended with
 the animating encouragement that the
 colonists are transferred from a land of
 bondage and degradation for them, to
 a land of liberty and equality.
 And 3d, the expense of transporting
 the liberated slave to the colony, and
 of maintaining him there for 6 months,
 I think, ought to be provided for by a
 fund derived from his labor in the man
 ner already indicated. He is the party
 most benefited by emancipation, it
 would not be right to subject the non
 slaveholder to any part of that expense;
 and the slaveholder will have made suf
 ficient sacrifices, without being exclu
 sively burthened w ith taxes to raise that
 fund. The emancipated slaves could
 be hired out for the time proposed, by
 the sheriff or other agent in each coun
 ty, who should be subject to strict ac
 countability. And it would be requi
 site that there should be kept a register
 of all the births of all children of color,
 alter the day fixed for the commence
 ment of the system, enforced by appro
 propriate sanctiqns. It would be a very
 desirable regulation of law to have
 births, deaths and marriages, of the
 whole population of the State registered
 and preserved, as is done in most well
 governed States.
 Among other considerations which
 unite in recommending to the State of
 Kentucky a system tor the gradual
 abolition of slavery, is that arising out
 of her exposed condition,affording great
 facilities to the escape of her slaves
 into the free States and into Canada.—
 She does not enjoy the security which
 some of the slave States have, by being
 covered in depth by two or three slave
 States intervening between them and
 free States. She has a greater length
 of border on free States than any other
 slave State in the Union. That border
 is the Ohio river, extending from the
 mouth of Big Sandy to the mouth of
 the Ohio, a distance of near six hun
 dred miles, separating her from the
 already powerful and growing States of
 Ohio, Indiana and Illinois. Vast num
 bers of slaves have fled from most of
 the counties in Kentucky, from the
 mouth of the Big Ssndy to the mouth of
 the Miami, and the evil has increased—
 is increasing. Attempts to recover the
 fugitives, lead to most painful and irri
 tating collisions. Hitherto, counte
 nance and assistance to the fugitives
 has been chiefly effected by persons in
 the State of Ohio; but it to be ap
 prehended from the progressive opposi
 tion to slavery, that in process of time,
 similar facilities to the escape of slaves
 would be found in the States of Indiana
 and Illinois. By means of railroads,
 Canada can be reached from Cin
 cinnati in a little more than twenty
 four hours.
 'l3 3M
 I
In tbe event of a civil war breaking
 out, or in the more direful event of a
 dissolution of the Union in consequence
 of the existence of slavery, Kentucky
 would become the theatre and bear the
 brunt of the war. She would doubtless
 defend herself with her known valor
 and gallantry; but the superiority of
 tbe numbers by which she would be
 opposed would lay waste and devastate
 her (air fields. Her sister slave States
 would fiy to her succor; but, even if
 they should be successful in the une
 qual conflict, she never could ohtnin
 any iudemnity for the inevitable rav
 ages of the war.
 It may be urged that we ought not,
 by the gradual abolition of slavery, to
 separate ourselves from the other slave
 States, but continue to share with them
 in all their future fortune. The power
 of each slave State, within its limits,
 over the institution of slavery, is abso
 lute, supreme, and exclusive—exclu
 sive of that of Congress or of that of
 any other State. The government of
 each slave State is bound by the highest
 and most solemn obligations to. dispose
 of the question of slavery, so as best to
 promote the peace, happiness and pros
 perity of the people of the State—Ken
 tucky being essentially a farming State,
 slave labor is less profitable. If, in
 most of the other slave States, they
 find that labor more profitable, in the
 culture of the staples of cotton and
 sugar, they may perceive a reason in
 that feeling of continuing slavery,which
 cannot be expected should control the
 judgment of Kentucky, as to what may
 be fitting and proper for her interests.
 If she should abolish slavery, it would
 be her duty, and I trust that she would
 be as ready as she now is, to defend the
 slave Slates in the enjoyment of ail
 their lawful and constitutional rights.
 Her power, politically and physically,
 would be greatly increased; for the
 one hundred and ninety odd thousand
 slaves, and their descendants, would
 be gradually superseded by an equal
 number of white inhabitants, who
 would be estimated per capita, and not
 by the federal rule of three-fifths pre
 scribed for the colored race in the Con
 stitution of the United States.
 I have thus, without reserve, freely
 expressed my opinion, and presented
 my views. The interesting subject of
 which I have treated would have ad
 mitted of much enlargement, but I
 have desired to consult brevity. But
 the plan which I have proposed will
 hardly be accused of being too early in
 its commencement, or too rapid in its
 operation. It will be more likely to
 meet with contrary reproaches, if it is
 adopted. It is to begin thirty-four or
 thirty-nine years from the time of its
 adoption, as the one period or the other
 shall be selected for its commence
 ment. How long a time it will take to
 remove all the colored race from the
 State by the annual transportation of
 each year’s natural increase, cannot be
 exactly ascertained. After the system
 had been in operation some, years, I
 think it probable, from the manifest
 blessings that would flow from it, from
 the diminished value of slave labor,and
 from the humanity and benevolence of
 private individuals prompting a libera- j
 tion of their slaves and their transpor
 tation, a general disposition would exist
 to accelerate and complete the work of
 colonization.
 That the system will be attended with
 some sacrifices on the part of slave
 holders, which arc to be regretted,
 need not be denied. What great and
 beueficiai enterprise was ever accom
 plished without risk and sacrifice But
 these sacrifices are distant, contingent,
 and inconsiderable. Assuming the year
 1860 for the commencement of the sys
 tem, all slaves born prior to that time
 would remain such during their lives,
 and the personal loss of the slaveholder
 would be only the difference in value of
 a female slave whose offspring, if she
 had any, born after the first day of
 January. 1860, should be free at the
 age of 25, or should be slaves for life.
 In the meantime, if the right to remove
 or sell the slave out of the State should
 be exercised, that trifling loss would not
 be incurred. The slaveholder, after
 the commencement of the system,
 would lose the difference in value be
 tween slaves for life, and slaves until
 the age of twenty-five. He might also
 incur some inconsiderable expense in
 rearing, from their birth, the issue of
 those who were to be free at twenty
 five, until they were old enough to be
 apprenticed out; but as it is probable
 that they would be most generally
 bound to him, be would receive some
 indemnity for their services until they
 attaioed their majority.
 Most of the evils, losses and misfor
 tunes of human life, have some corn
 pensatton or alleviatioo. The slave
 holder is generally a landholder, and I
 am persuaded that ke would find in the
 augmented productiveness of his lands
 some, if not fall indemity, for losses
 arising ta km from emancipation and
 colonization He would also liberally
 ■bare in.- ..&lt;aaeral benefits accruing
 to the whole State from the extraction
 of slavery. These have been so often
 and no fully stated, that 1 will not, nor
 is it necessary to dwell upon them ex
 tensively. They may be summed up in
 a few words. We shall remove from
 among os the contaminating influence
 of a servile and degraded race of dif
 ferent eolor. We shall enjoy the proud
 and cooscmhm satisfaction of placing
 that race where they can enjoy the
 great blessings of liberty, and civil,
 political and social equality; we shall
 acquire the advantage of the diligence,
 tbe fidelity, and the consistency of free
 labor, instead of the eareleasoeas, the
 infidelity, and the unsteadiness of slave
 iabor; we shall elevata the character of
 white labor, and elevate the social con
 dition of the white laborer, augment
the value of our lauds, improve the
 agriculture of the State, attract capital
 from abroad to ail the pursuits of com-'
 r merer, manufacture?, and agriculture;
 redressing,as far and as fast as we pru
 i dently can, any wrongs which the de
 sceodants of Africa have suffered at 1
 f our bands, and we should demonstrate
 the sincerity with which we pay
 criminate homage to the great cause ©fj
 the liberty of the human race.
 Kentucky eujoys high respect and
 honorable considerations throughout 1
 the Union and throughout the civilized
 world; but in my humble opinion, no.
 title which she has to the esteem and
 admiration of mankind, and, I may
 say, no. deeds of her former glorv.
 would equal in greatness and grandeur
 that of lhw-*pioaecr in removing
 from her soil every trace of human sla
 very, and in establishing the descend-
 ants of Africa, within her jurisdiction,
 in the native lands of their forefathers. j
 I have thus executed the promise i
 made, alluded to in the commencement
 of this letter, and I hope I have done it
 calmly, free from intemperance, and so
 1 as to wound the sensibilities of none.—
 I sincerely hope that the question may
 be considered and decided without the
 influence of party or passion. 1 should
 be most happy to have the good fortune
 of coinciding in opinion with a majority
 of the people of Kentucky; but if.there
 be a majority opposed to all gradual
 schemes of emancipation, however
 much I may regret it, my duty will be
 to bow in subjection to their will. If it
 be perfectly certain and manifest that
 such a majority exists, I should think it
 better not to agitate the question at all,
 since, in that case, it would bo useless,
 and might exercise a pernicious, col
 lateral influence upon the fair consid
 eration of other amendments which
 may be proposed to our constitution.—
 If there be a majority of the people of
 Kentucky at this time adverse to touch
 ing the institution of slavery as it now
 exists, we, who had thought and wished
 otherwise, can only indulge the hope
 that, at some future time, under better
 auspices, and with the blessings of
 Providence, the cause which we have
 so much at heart, may be attended with
 better success.
 In any event, I shall have the satis
 faction of having /lerformcd a duty to
 the State, to the subject, ana to myself,
 by placing my sentiments permanently
 upon record.
 With great regard, I am your friend
 and obedient servant,
 H. CLAY.
 To Richard Pindei.l, Esq.
PENNSYLVANI 1 RESOLUTION'S.
 Whereas, by recent treaty stipula
 tions between the United States and
 Mexico, two provinces formerly belong
 ing to and within the jurisdiction of the
 latter Government, were ceded to and
 acquired by the United States, and
 P Whereas, by the Constitution and
 lqpvs of the the power
 and duty of providing Territorial Gov
 ernments, for the newly acquired prov
 inces, devolve upon the American
 Congresjs and
 Whereas this new acquisition and
 new responibiiity have engendered
 sectional strife between the friends ol
 Freedom and of Free Labor upon the
 side, and the advocates of Slavery-
 Extension upon the other; therefore,
 Resolved, &amp;.c. That we, the repre
 sentatives of the people of Pennsylvania,
 being firm in our adherence to the
 Federal Constitution—its concessions
 and compromises—and yielding cheer
 ful obedience to the legally constituted
 authorities of the land, do hereby entei
 our solemn protest against the further
 extension of human slavery.
 Resolved, That the "period of com
 promises with, and concessions to the
 demands of slavery has passed, and
 that the cherished principles of free
 dom,|the spirit of the age, and of an
 enlightened policy, and the dictates ol
 patriotism and philanthropy, alike for
 bid any further enlargement of the
 area of human bondage.
 Resolved, That our Senators anti
 Representatives in Congress be, and
 they are hereby, requested to vote at
 all times and under all circumstances
 hi favor of extending the principles ot
 the Ordinacc of 17*7 to the newly ac
 quired Territories.
 Resolved, that the Governor of this
 Commonwealth be requested to trans
 mit copies of the firegoing preamble
 and resolntioris to our Senators and
 Representatives in Congress, and to the
 Executives of the several States of the
 Union.
HONOR TO LABOR.
 Two men I honor, and no third.
 First, the toilworn Craftsman that with
 earth-made Implement laboriously con
 quers the earth, and makes her man's.
 Venerable to me it a hard Hand
 crooked, coarse; wherein notwithstand
 ing lie* a cunning virtue, indefensibly
 royal, as ot the Sceptre of this Planet.
 Venerable, too, is the rugged face, all
 weather-tanned, bespetkd, with its
 rude intelligence; for it is the face of a
 Man tiding manlike. Oh, but the more
 venerable for thy rudeness, and even
 because we must pity as well as love
 thee! Hardly-entreated Brother? For
 us was thy back so bent, f or us were
 thy straight limbs and fingers so de
 formed; tbou wert our Conscript, on
 whom the lot fell, and lighting our
 battles wert so marred. For in thee
 too lay a god-created Form, hut it was
 not to ke unfolded; encrusted it must
 stand with the thick adhesion and de
 facement of and thy body like
 tty soil! was not to know freedom. V««
 toil on, toil on; thou art inthv duty, be
 out of it who may; thou toilest for the
 altogether indispensable, (or daily
 bread.
 A second man 1 honor, and still more
JOHN DICK. POLMMCa.
WHOLE NO. 65.
hfphly; Him who is seen toiling for the
 spiritually indispensable: not daily
 bread, hut the Bread of Life. Is not
 he too in hisduty; endeavoring towards
 inward harmony; revealing this by act
 or by word, through all bis outward
 endeavors, be they bigborlow? High
 est ot all, when his ontward and his
 inward endeavor are oae? when we can
 name him Artist: not earthly Craftsman
 n»lj\ but inspired Thinker, that with
 keaten-made Implement conquers Hea
 ven for us? If the poor and humble
 toil that we have food, must not the
 high and glorious toil for him in return,
 th it he have Light, have Guidance,
 Freedom, Immortality? These two,
 in all their degrees, I honor; all else is
 chat}'and dust, which let tbo wind blow
 whither it Jisteth.
 Unspeakably touching is it, however,
 when I find both dignities united; and
 he that must toil outwardly for the
 lowest of man’s wants, is also toiling
 inwardly for the highest. Sublimer in
 this wrorld know I nothing than a Peas
 ant Saint, could such now any where bo
 met with. Such a one will take thee
 back to Nazareth itself; thou wilt see
 the splendor of Heaven spring forth
 trom the humblest depths of the Karth,
 like a light shining in great darkness.
 And again: it is not because of his
 toils that I lament for the poor; we
 must all toil, or steal, (howsoever we
 name our stealing,) which is worse; no
 taithlul workman finds his task upas
 time. 'Fhe poor is hungry and athirst,
 hut for him also there is food and drink;
 he is heavy laden and wearv, but for
 him also the Heaven sends a sleep, and
 of the deepest; in his smoky cribs, a
 clear dewy heaven of Rest envelopes
 him. and litful glitterings of cloud-skirt
 ed Dreams. But what I do mourn
 over is that the lamp of his soul should
 go out; that no ray of heavenly or even
 of earthly knowledge, should visit hnn;
 hut only in the haggard darkness, like
 two spectres, Fear and Indignation.
 Alas, while the body stands so broad
 and brawny, must the Soul lie blinded,
 dwarfed, stupified, almost annihilated
 Alas, was this too a Breath of God, be
 stowed in Heaven, hut on earth never
 to be unfolded! That there should one
 Man die Ignorant who had capacity for
 Knowledge, this I call a tragedy, were
 it to happen more than twenty times in
 a minute, as by some computations it
 does. The miserable fraction of Sci
 ence which united mankind in a wide
 Universe njf Nescience, has inquired,
 why is not this, with all diligence, im
 parted to all? —Thomas Carlyle.
CAPITAL PUfifetMLENT.
 t
 Ihe triends of capital punishment,
 since an aftempt has been made in
 Michigan to procure the repeal of a
 law in that State abolishing this penalty,
 have been very assiduous from this
 circumstance in lecturing those opposed
 to the barbarous pructice of taking hu
 man life against the dictates of reason
 and humanity; but he who rightly per
 ceives the enormity of a crime which
 has so long outraged every noble in
 stinct of the heart, will with pleasure
 learn that the people ofMichigan, have
 presented a memorial to the Legisla
 ture against the repeal, which says the
 records of a particular county show
 that conviction and punishment invaria
 bly follow murder; whereas, previ
 ously to the existing law, and since
 the State organization, no conviction
 ot murder has ever been had by any of
 the courts of the State,” although
 murders have been committed with
 impunity. The memorialists deny that
 crime has increased beyond the State’s
 proper proportion, aud ask that the
 present law shall have as fair an ex
 periment as the gallows has had, to
 show much better results. This argu
 ing from the temporary increase of
 crime is a very unsafe mode of reason
 ing. In New Orleans, says the Phila
 delphia Ledger, within the last three
 weeks, nine deliberate murders have
 been committed, and that too in a State
 in which hanging, we believe, has
 never been abolished for murder. The
 editors in New Orleans do not ascribe
 this increase to the gallows, hut to the
 monomania tor a particular crime, that
 at different eras seems to afflict socie
 ty, and to which Bulwer. in one* of his
 works, refers.—N. V. Pathfinder.
Necessity or Light to Vegetation
 —Although phiiosophersare not agreed
 as to the peculiar action which light
 exerts on vegetation, and there is even
 some doubt respecting the decomposi
 tion of air and water during that pro
 cess, one thing is undeniable, namely,
 the necessity of light to the growth
 and health of plants; tor without it,
 they have neither taste, color or smell:
 and accordingly they are„for the most
 part, so formed as to receive it st all
 times when it shines upon them; their
 cups, and the little assemblages of their
 leaves, before they sprout, are found
 to be more or less affected by the light,
 so as to open and receive it. In several
 kinds of plants, this is more essential
 than in others; their flowers close at
 night, and open in the day. Some
 constantly turn towards the light, fol
 lowing the sun, as it were, while he
 makes, or seem* to make, bis revolu
 tions, so that they receive the greatest
 quantity possible of bis ra/a— clover in
 the field follows the apparent course of
 the sun. But all leaves of plants turn
 towards the sun, place them how you
 will; light being very essential to their
 well being. Brougham.
Thij*&lt; Itai.v. —An accomplished
 American lady, writing from Rome
 M ys: Italy being educated for the,
 future; her leader* are learning that
 the time is past for trust to precedents
 and prince*—that there i* no hope ex
 cept in truth and God/*
"
