"(Communications.
Letter from &lt;&gt;errit Bmitk.
 Frederick Doqglars :—The lasi North
 Star it before me. I am surprised to see my
 letter in it. It would hare been written more
 carefully had 1 supposed that you would
 print it.
 You admit, that the Constitution of the
 Cnited State*, standing alone, and construed
 only in the light of its letter, is not a pro
 slavery instrument.” This admission is fatal
 to your argument. You must tetract it, or
 you cannot prove your argument. You must,
 as the lawyers say, get leave to amend
 your declaration.”
 If the Constitution is capable of being
 construed in the light of its letter, it is utterly
 conttary to the law* of interpretation to at
 tempt to prove it in any other light, or by any
 other aid.
 You allude 11 to the opinions of the men
 who framed and adopted it, and tot lie practice
 under it.” But nothing of all this can be
 Ycsortcd to to discover iu» meaning, if us
 meaning can he discerned through its letter.
 1 wait for you toreiract your admission, and
 to take a new position. Will the new posi
 tion be, that it is doubtful whether the letter'
 of the Constitution is for or against slavery 7 j
 Then shall 1 claim the benefit of your doubts
 for liberty and that you pronounce the Con
 stitution anti-slavery. V\ ill your new posi
 tion be, that the letter of the Constitution is
 pro-slayery Then will 1 ask you to prove
 it and to prove not merely that, in its im
 puted form, and three-fifths persons, and fugi-'
 tives from service's, slaves to; for
 if you could prove all this, the material thing;
 would nevertheless remain unproved. The,
 material thing for you to prove is, that the;
 Federal Government lias not power, under!
 the Federal Constitution, to abolish every
 part of 'American slavery for if it has|
 this power, then, clearly, it is not wrong, (asj
 you hold it is) to vote under it. That it has
 power (1 need not now say whether through
 its Legislature or Judiciary, or both) 1 oncej
 spoke to at length, in your hearing. Aj
 copy of my argument on the occasion, is*
 herewith sent to von.
 With great respect,
 Yout friend and brother,
 GERRIT SMITH.
 Pkterboro, March IG, 1349.
The Inauguration.
 This is the day of the innauguration in
 V'asliington. We know not what the winds
 and sky promise there here it is cold and
 cheerless —cold as the heart of the slave
 holder towards his slave—cheerless as the
 desolate hut of the slave-mother whose child
 ren are all sold and gone,” and she alone
 with her heart-rending agony.
 But in the Federal City all will go merry
 as a marriage bell.” The rich, the great,
 the beautiful, from the ice-bound shores of
 New England, the busy cities and villages of
 the Empire State, the growing towns on the:
 shores of the broad lakes and beautiful rivers:
 of ihe great West, and the sons and daugh
 ters of the South, the planters from the banks!
 outlie Mississippi, the rich plains of Alabama,:
 and the lice-fields of the Carolinas, will bej
 there, all eager lo show their enthusiastic at-j
 tachmenl to the hoary-headed warrior and
 slaveholder, who will to-day take his seat in
 the Presidential Chair of this Christian and
 Republican nation. Christian and Repub
 lican! What’s in a name! Talleyrand once
 said the chief use of words was, lo conceal
 thoughts. May not the chief use of names
 be, to keep unseemly realities from sight 7
 The cotton lord of New England will he
 there —he who loves the busy hum of ma
 chinery in his huge mills on the banks of the;
 Merrimac, as dearly as his pilgrim ancestors!
 loved to hear
 “The sounding ai.-les of the diin woods ring
 To the anthems of the free
 The doctor of divinity whose home is where j
 the Puritans dwelt in olden times, and who
 is wont to preach with philosophical acumen
 of the exceeding sinfulness of slavery in the
 abstract, will stand on that slave-cursed land,
 with a bosom quiet as the stagnant pool, so
 deep down in some gloomy recess that the
 fiee, pure air of heaven never stirs its stag- j
 nant waters, and a bland smile will play over
 his sanctified features, as he holds sweet con-,
 verse with his beloved brother in the Lord
 from the land of Imndage, on the welfare of
 souls and the increase of the church. The
 Northern politician, who at home talks earn
 estly, at judicious times, of the evils of sla-j
 very, and the influence of his party against it
 will not fail to be present —yes i ai4 ready too,
 if necessary, to yield every principle he pro
 fessed,
 “And crook the pliant hinges of the knee,
 That thrift may follow lawningly.”
 And there will be present poor honest, de
 luded men, who have been so simple as to
 believe they were working for their country’s i
 good, for tire good of humanity, while they;
 have labored in their Northern homes to put'
 power and honor in the hands of a slavehold-;
 cr. The lordly planter trom his home where
 may lie heard the crack of the whip and
 the footsteps of few’,” will be there. This is
 a proud day for him. lie will walk with a
 firmer step, and his eye flash with a pronder
 glance, as he thinks how the servile North J
 has again yielded, and the man who has!
 “three hundred pledges” on the banks olj
 the Mississippi of his devotion to the peculiar'
 institution, been chosen to execute the w ill of.
 this Republic. But there w ill be no joy in
 the slave-prisons of the capitol; the sounds of
 applause and joy from without will strike on
 the ear of the captives within like the jeering
 laughter of demons. The love of liberty for
 all, he who feels and knows that they who
 would be truly free, must give fieedom to the
 bondman, will al h ear t to see men
 ".P"*.’’ suc h fauUMic trick* before hign heaven
 A* make the migc-U weep.*'
 G. B. S.
 Rochester, March sth, 1849.«
 Florence.
 Mr. Editor 1 fit.d m your paper certain
 resolutions published, respecting myself, pur
 porting to have been patted by a Florence
 Association, as condemnatory of what I staled
 to Mr. Douglass, in a private letter, which
 was never intended to appear before the
 public.
 i stated nothing hut what 1 learned on my
 passage through, from good authority, as I
 supposed; and I sUted nothing bit my hon
 est convictions of truth. J harbor no ill-
will against Stephen Myers, or any of the
 Florence Association, an men. I have nothing
 to aay or do with any of their actions or con
 cerns. I have no deni re to enter into a con
 troversy with them. It ia also insinuated in
 the said resolution*, that I am opposed to oor
 people going on to land which haa been ao
 generously given them by our moch-esteemed
 friend Gem! Smith. In this they are very
 much mistaken. I have never uttered a word
 against our people moving on to their own
 land I regard it as being far better for n«
 than gold or silver. lam highly in favor of
 our people leaving the cities just as fast as
 may be practicable for them so to do, and
 going into agricultural pursuits. I have done
 all that I could to encourage it, not only on
 account of the strong prejudice against us in
 crowded cities, but because I believe farming
 to be the most certain road to independence
 and prosperity. I most folly agree with the
 sentiments jof Gerrit Smith on the same sub
 ject. Read Ins letter.
 Yours for the truth,
 HENRY 8188.
 New York, March 7, 1849.
Colored Citiseiship in Ohio.
 It may be thought by many abroad, that
 when the Ohio Legislature repealed the
 Black Laws, it thereby removed all the
 disabilities that colored persons have labored
 under for the last forty years in this State.—
 The only real practical benefit, however, re
 sulting from that action, is a simple recogni
 tion of the right tu admit the testimony of
 colored and white persons in all matters of
 law upon the same footing.
 The portion of those laws requiring the
 forcible expulsion of all black or mulatto
 persons” who had emigrated to the State
 with a view to a permanent settlement, in
 every case where they had not complied with
 the law, that demanded them to enter into
 bonds and security within twenty days after
 their arrival, and making it a penal crime for
 a w hite to give any such persons employment
 until they have done so, had, from the periods
 of their several enactments, been looked on as
 utterly at variance with justice, impracticable
 and inconsistent in their operations, and, in
 the main, so utterly abortive in reaching the
 evils sought to be remedied, that they were
 allowed, with one or two exceptions, to re
 main upon the statutes unenforced.
 We readily award the tribute of thanks
 and gratitude to those who voted for repeal
 with the prospect of ameliorating the condi
 tion of their colored fellow-citizens. Every
 one, however, who co-operated with the ma
 jority, and helped to bring about a result
 which at heart they were opposed to, declar
 ing that they were impelled from considera
 tions of party interests only, ridiculing, abus
 ing, and besmearing us with slime from their
 filthy tongues, on every occasion, deserves
 contempt, and contempt only.
 As a choice, I had sooner dwell in the
 depths of obscurity, and be the passive object
 of political persecution, than to know the
 humiliating fact that we are indebted to such
 a pandering set of graceless demagogues for
 this mock equality so recently bestowed.
 “The work, though well begun, remains
 unfinished.” It is true the Black Laws are
 repealed, but then, as I have just said, they
 have never had, as a whole, a practical exist
 ence, other than to foster and keep alive a
 •prejudice seriously injurious to our interest.
 Therefore, in our many petitions to the Legis
 lature, we begged to have them and all other
 law s imposing distinctions on account of color
 repealed. To settle these clamorous demands
 constantly pouring in from all parts of the
 State, and to give the vexed question its qui
 etus, the black code was expunged. “Other”
 laws, however, still remain, branding the col
 ored man with infeiiority, and sinking him
 below the level of a common equality. By
 them he is, regardless of intelligence or ca
 pacity, debarred the privilege of a seat as a
 juror, even in litigating upon the rights of
 other colored persons. The public funds for
 the benefit of the poor, are not for colored
 paupeis; they are shut out of the poor-houses
 and left to die of want in the streets.
 The new school law is founded upon the'
 j basis of distinction on account of color,”
 inasmuch as it provides for the separate estab
 lishment of schools for the education of col
 ored children. These are sustained by a dis
 tinct fund from levies made on jhe taxable
 property of colored persons alone.
 The State of Ohio has long boasted of her
 eomnion school system, because it gives the
 child of the poorest man in the Common
 i wealth an equal chance with the rich tax
 payer in the attainment of a popular educa
 tion. No such advantages are held out t
 large numbers of children of colored persons,
 j They are virtually excluded from the benefits
 of common schools, unless they constitute
 themselves communities sufficiently large and
 wealthy to sustain them. To illustrate this,
 in the county where I at present reside, the
 colored population will scarcely number one
 hundred, the most of whom are poor farmers,
 living on rented lands. The children of these
 would possibly amount to enough to require
 the establishment of one district school. Th
 inconvenience and expense of attending this
 to persons living in remote parts of the county,
 can be easily understood. And what is still
 worse, if the tax on their property is insuf
 ficient to keep it up, they cannot have any,
 tor the reason that monies from the general
 school fund are not allowed for its sustenance.
 This new law, then, making liberal provisions
 for the purpose of educating colored children,
 j fails in attaining the ends for which it was
 said to be created. Those difficulties will
 always continue to exist, and many others, so
 long as partial legislation predominates, de
 nying the doctrine of the equality of all men,
 and making invidious distinctions on account
 either of caste or color, sect or condition.
 A. J. ANDERSON.
 Eaton, Ohio.
Wilmington, Jan. 25, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass Though native
 of s different State, still in anything relating
 to our people, I am insensible of boundaries.
 The statement of Rev. H. H. Garnet which
 appeared in the North Star of the 19th tnst.,
 relative to tbe very wretched condition of
 thirty thouaand of our people in your State,
 and your willingness to listen to suggestions
 from any ooe interested, haa induced me to
 send you these lines, w hicb I beg you to insert
 it you think worthy.
 Tbe picture he drew, sir, of thirty thou
 sand, is n fair representation of many more
 thousands in this country. Tbe moral and
intellectual debasement portrayed, is true to
 the life. Hoar, in W» *f everything, can It
 jbe otherwise* We bring beery charge
 i against the church and people of this country,
 which they themselves eaa hardly deny; but
 hare we not been, and are we not still, “add
 j ing fuel to the flameor do our efforu, to
 I the coatrary, succeed aa we hare reason to
 expect» We are not satisfied with the resell
 to erery way—may be we hare reason for not
 being. With others, 1 hare for some time
 doubted the efficiency of the means for the
 end. Do you not think, air, that we ahoald
 direct our attention more to the fanning inter
 eat than hitherto I suggest this, as con
 corning the entire people. The estimation in
 which we woold be held by those in power,
 would be quite different, were we producers,
 sod not merely, as now, consumers. He, air,
 proposed a Conrention without distinction of
 caete —a proposition which no doubt will be
 acceptable, because by exchanging news with
 those who hare erery advantage, we are ma
 terially benefitted. Persons likely to associate
 with our people in such manner, are generally
 educated people, ard possessed of depth of
 sentiment. Their influence on tie should not
 be lightly considered. Vi e hare been holding
 conreotions fur years hare been assembling
 together and whining orer our difficulties and
 afflictions, passing resolutions on resolutions
 to any extent; but it does really seem that we
 hare made but little progress, considering our
 resolves. We hare put forth few practical
 efforts to an end. I, as one of the people,
 see no need for our distinctive meetings, if
 we do not do something. We should do
 more, and talk less. What intellectually we
 most need, and the absence of which we most
 feel, is the knowledge of the white man, a
 great amount of which, by intercourse in
 public meetings, &amp;c., we could glean, and no
 possible opportunity to seize upon which
 should be allowed to escape. Should not the
 importance of his literature upon us, and
 everything tending to add to his influence, be
 forcibly impressed, and we be directed to that
 course? The great fault of our people, is in
 imitating his follies individual enterprise'and
 self-reliance are not sufficiently insisted upon.
 The influence of a corrupt clergy among us,
 sapping our every means, and, as a compen
 sation, inculcating ignorance as a duty, super
 stition as true religion—in short, hanging like
 millstones about our necks, should be faith
 fully proclaimed. lam willing to be con
 vinced to the contrary, if possible; but it does
 really seem to me that our distinctive churches
 and the frightfully wretched instruction of our
 ministers—their gross ignorance and insolent
 bearing, together with the sanctimonious
 garb, and by virtue of their calling, a charac
 ter for mystery they assume, is attributable
 more of the downright degradation of the free
 colored people of ihe North, than from the
 effect of corrupt public opinion for, sir, not.
 withstanding the cry of prejudice against
 color, some think it will vanish by a change
 of condition, and that we can, despite this
 prejudice, change that condition. The min
 isters assume to be instructors in every mat
 tet, a thing we would not object to, provided
 they taught, even in accordance with the age;
 but in our literature, they hang tenaciously to
 exploded customs, (as if we were not crea
 tures of progress as well as others,) as they
 do in everything else. The course of some
 of our high priests, makes your humble ser
 vant, and many others, think money, and not
 the good of the people, is at the bottom.
 The gieat aim of these gentlemen now, is
 secrecy in all affairs where our spiritual wel
 fare is being considered. Our conferences,
 they say, are too public. The open-stated
 people and laymen learn, as they should not,
 the transactions in conference and sessions, of
 these men of God. Depend upon it, sir,
 “menlove darkness rather than light,because
 their deeds are evil.” One thing is clear
 this hiding the light under a bushel, is not, to
 those who dare think, very satisfactory their
 teaching tends to inculcate submission to them
 in all things. Pay no attention to your
 perishing bodies, children, but get your souls
 converted; prepare for heaven. The elective
 franchise would not profit you a desire for
 such things indicates worldly mindedness
 Thus any effort to a change of condition by
 our people is replied to, and a shrinking,
 priest-rid people, are prevented from seeing
 clearly. The possibility of final success,
 when using proper means, the means to be
 used, the possibility of bringing about the de
 sired end ourselves, and not waiting for the
 whites of the country to do so, should be im
 pressed on the people by those teachers, as
 they assume to be the only true ones or at
 least there should be no hindrance to their
 seeing for themselves.
 Yours foi a better condition,
 M. A. SHADD.
From the Tribune,
 Virginia m. Ohio.
 About three years ago a slave of Samuel
 B. Brown of Augusta Co. Virginia ran away
 from his master, and as the latter alleges
 stole and carried off sundry articles of value
 to the State of Ohio. In January last the
 Governor of Virginia made a requisition upon
 the Governor of Ohio tor said slave as a fu
 gitive from justice. Gov. Ford refused to
 comply with the demand on the ground that
 the alleged latceny was committed nearly
 three years since, and that no indictqient, in
 most cases the best evidence, has been found,
 though there has been ample tune for it. The
 affidavit of the complaint, moreover, the
 Governor of Ohio says, is not signed by the
 applicant, as is usual in such cases, and is
 not such an affidavit or paper as would, in
 the State ol Ohio, authorize a magistrate to
 issue a warrant for an angß in ease of the
 smallest offence against our criminal laws.
 On the 3d day of February Gov. Floyd
 made another requisition upon Gov. Ford,
 which was also refused. Whereupon Gov.
 Floyd sends in to the House of Delegates the
 following very terrible Message
 Executive Department, March 9,1849.
 To the Speaker of the House of Delegates
 Sis—On the 3d January, 1849,1 made a
 requisition upon the Governor of the Stale of
 Ohio, for toe delivery of a fugitive from
 justice, called Joseph Venable, and described
 as a negro mu slate, the property of Samuel
 B. Brown. This requisition was contemptu
 ously refused, upoo the ground of the insuf
 ficiency of the affidavit. To obviate all
 difficulty, I made a second requisition for the
 same offender oo the 3d day of February.
 This requisition, like the first, was also re
 fused, and in a manner not le.-a discourteous.
 For the manner in which the demands have
 been met, I refer to documents herewith en
 closed for the consideration of the Lafisls
 ture. It will he seen, by reference to the
 reasons assigned in the memorandum attached
 to the last requisition, that the authorities ui
 the State of Ohio virtually refuse to recognise
 the validity of the laws of this Commonwealth
 regulating the proceeding# against slaves for
 rrumnaloibaoes; Ut» eonsou*--
*f» of sister republic, which vts intended
 te be the guaranty of protection from wrong,
 the straag-held of 6«nu*e* from j—iipg, and
 harbor of saietjr fur felons the pen
 alties of the law. Ide aot doubt bat there
 are many right minded sad patriotic citneas
 in the State of Ohio, whose patriotism tnH
 sense of ittstiee wiH condemn in the strongest
 manner this fanatical spirit of aggression on
 the constitutional rights of the Sou them
 Stales. I can but buffe that their better judg
 ments and more patriotic counsels will in tan*
 prevail to save our country from the ruin and
 disruption to which the contrary course will
 inevitably lead. Iu the mean time, I fte!
 bound to call tbe attention of the Legislature
 to this transaction, with a hope that their
 wisdom will devise some means of pteventing
 similar occurrences in future.
 Very respectful!?, vour ob’t servant.
 John b. floyd.
C tippings.
 Habd W obdB. —Geo. Btadburn, Editor of
 the Lynn Pioneer, calls W m. Lloyd Garrison
 “an intentional, s malignant, liar and slan
 derer.” These epithets have an extremely
 ugly sound, but they would be moie terrible”
 in this instance if they were not the every
 day, household words” of the man who
 thus applies them. Tbe severity of a writer
 is not always in proportion to his power to
 call names. Mr. Garrison may be all that
 Mr. Bradburn declares him to be, but we shall
 not be convinced of the fact by a man who
 writes in such a spirit and such a temper.
 The public, we think, will be able to distin
 guish between the utterance of one whosp *aks
 unwelcome truth from a sense of duty, and
 that of a man who deals in invective for the
 love of it.— Practical Christian.
 Clergymen Murdered in California.
 Among the private leuere received in this
 city from the Pacific by the Crescent City, is
 one, which we have seen mentioning a pain
 ful rumor that Messrs. Newman and Pomeroy
 clergymen of the Methodist and Baptist
 churches, had been murdered in the gold re
 gion. The letter is of the latest date, and
 comes from a highly respectable source. It
 refers to the statement incidentally, as if it
 were a well underatood fact, but gives no par
 ticulars.—Newark Doily Adv.
 An attempt was made to lay down a tele
 graphic line across the Irish channel(about 60
 miles). If this be accomplished, intelligence
 will Ire conveyed in a few minutes from Dublin
 to London.
 A Doughface. —The Washington corres
 pondent of the N. Y. Tribune, says that
 Charles Brown, a democratic representative
 from Pennsylvania, made the most servile
 speech ever made by a man representing a
 free district.
 “Slavery, he argued, was a great blessing
 to the African Race; it had raised them from
 barbarism to civilization it had made them
 the happiest laboring population on the face
 of the earth. Their intellectual development
 was entirely the result of Slavery all their
 strong men had been brought up slaVes.
 (What a pity Mr. B. had not been one!)
 Emancipation would subvert all tilts, and
 prove a great calamity to botli races,” &amp;c.
 Sayres and Drayton. —The Committee
 appointed tocollect money and retain Counsel
 for the defence of persons charged with carry
 ing away Slaves from the District of Colum
 bia, in the schooner Pearl, announce that they
 r.ave received in all 1,560,50, and paid out
 $1,277,11. The Committee expect that the
 second trial ot the parties will icsult in their
 entire acquittal and the establishment of an
 important legal principle favorable to Human
 Freedom. For this purpose 400 additional
 is wanted, and the Committee appeal to the
 benevolent to furnish it.
American Citizenship. —An interesting
 question has recently been raised at the U. S.
 Department of State, which will probably
 give rise to much discussion. In its broadest
 form, the question is this—Has the Fedeial
 Government a legal right to deny to any cit
 izen of a sovereign State of this Confederacy
 the character and privileges of a citizen of the
 United States? The question arose on an
 application in due form to the Slate Depart
 ment for passports for certain citizens ofNew-
 York who chanced to be born with dark skins,
 and who, had their complexions been white,
 would have unquestionably been entitled to
 and furnished with passports. The gruff
 answer from the passport clerk of the Depart
 ment is that passpoits are never granted under
 such circumstances, and that the applicant
 ought to have known better than to apply tor
 them. That is to say, an undoubted citizen
 ofNew-York or Massachusetts, whose an
 cestors w’ere stolen from Africa, is no citizen
 of the United States and not entitled to the
 protection of the Federal Government.
 Because—what? The more the subject is
 investigated the more aLsolute and invincible
 becomes the incompatibilty between slavery
 and freedom.— Tribune.
 Plain Truth. —A writer at the present
 day says, there never was a time since the
 completion of the pyramids, when such a
 clamor was abroad, as now', for the right to
 work; and there never was a generation,
 since the invention of easy chairs and gloves
 that tried so much to shirk it. People want
 to have their hands employed, it is true, but
 in climbing, not hi labor. Their endeavor is
 not to get their living out of the ground, but
 out of one another—like ants and spiders.
 A Whale at Margate. —Early on Tues
 day morning, as Mr John Rowe, fisherman,
 was rowing about the North Foreland, he
 discovered a huge mass floating on the water,
 which proved to be a young whale 25 feet
 long. Phe stranger was taken in tow and
 brought ashoie, aud on the ebbing of the
 water was cut up and removed to the coppers
 for boiling down. Globe.
 An Eldorado in Yorshire. —One day last
 week as some persons were digging in the
 cellar of a house, situate in the Market Place,
 they discovered some lumps of sparry-like
 incrustation, containing particles of yellow
 metal. The gbuermg particles have been
 pronounced by those w ho have examined them
 to be gold. Should this be correct, of which
 there appears scarcely any doubt, no calcula
 tion can be made of the result as to w hat
 "amount of the precious metal has been thrown
 away, nor how much still remain* under the
 buildings.— YorisJureman.
 Temperance n lowa. —A law was passed
 in lowa about two year* since, by winch n
 was lelt to the citizens ol every country to
 say whether licences should or should uut be
 granted within their hunts. East year there
 were but two couuliea which granted the
 privilege.
 Blacksmths Wanted in California.—
 We have seeu two letters Irom California,
 aud heard of several others, which called
 loudly lor biich»uiniw, a.nl uehl out wonder
 lui inducements lor uieeilauies ol that trade,
 who would come to 2&gt;au Francisco and wUD
 llah shops. Oue letter says that SSO per day
 has been offered to good journeyman black
 smiths.
 A School Farm.— lt is proposed to estab
 lish a school in Hereford for educating and
 teaching the young peobie of both sexes of
 the labouring classes in domestic and agricul
 tural industry.
 A* Oath or Funurr.—The day at the
 TuiUenes, when several ladies were to lake
 an oath ol fidelity between the hands of the
 Emperor Napokou 10 their new appointments,
 he particularly noticed the beautiful Ma«ia.ue
 de Mourner, who wore remarkably short petti
 coats to show the delicacy of her ankle.
 Some one asked Talleyrand what he thought
 of the tout ensemble- “I think,” said he,
 “that her dress si too shot* to take as oath ol
 fidelity.”— BtniJey’t Magazine.
 1 have a gseal aversion to Auburn locks, as
 the criminal said when he took lodgings in
 the Auburn prison
 kmoog the oddiuce of the American press,
 (save Jeno W’s News) we find the editor
 the Sandy ILU Herald
 got s" .once, “We hate
 suit of new clothea, excepting
Commercial.
Bocitmt. March 23, IS4B.
 Thtre has faeea ao movrawt of impiwtears ia
 the Flour or Grain market sun* Mr fort week's re
 port- The owly sale of Flow we hear of was 1,200
 Ms., from western wheat, on Saturday, at 94 97).
 Wheat ia aoauaalK 91 12).
 The Hudson River is open and the ice wiM far
 oat of the Lakes ia a day or two. There will he
 but tittle activity ia oar market prior to the open
 ing of the Caeal.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Carreat.
 FLOUR akd MEAL—Doty Mfcidnl
 Flora-bbl 05 50
 Cora meal, tf bush 45 47
 PROVISIONS.—Dutv;Beef, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 w e; Cheese Mpcidnl
 Pork, (mess) 12 00 13 00
 Do. ia hog 5 5®
 Beef, cwt. 500 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700 8 00
 Lard (tried) gk 7| 8
 Do. (leaf,) m.. 6
 Ham*, (smoked) 7
 Shoulders, do 50 5
 Turkeys f b 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bosh 38 0 50J
 GRAIN—Doty; 20 f c ad val
 Wheat, bosh 1 12
 Cora 45 44
 Rye 0. 53
 Oats 30
 Bariev 50 60
 HIDES—Doty; 5 tf c ad val
 Slaughter 3)
 CatfV ..10
 Sheep Pelts *4O &lt;0 75
 SEEDS—Day; Linseed 10 tf c; Mustard 20 tf
 c wl val
 Clover 3 50 400
 Timothy 200 ti 300
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Dutv on foreign caught 20 tf cad val
 Whitefish'bbl 700
 Codfish ctvt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, tf bbl 1 25
 Apples, (f lawk .36
 Do. dried ID 62)
 Eggs, tf &lt;lo* 14
 Beans, (p bush 75 75
 Hay, p ton 700 ®ll 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
2liit&gt;ertiscmcnts.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 A wit'i new Job Type, lor the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 atthe lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Antislarery office and Reading Roo.n,
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and liest works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexican war—
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 Despotism in America, and Arcby Moore.
 1 intend to have in connection with office a Cir-
 culating Library, as so n as lean get a sufficient!
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anvalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite tlie
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera*
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to lie
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal i cmedy in the treatment of disease sul&gt;-
 rnitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 (jut any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the gystem. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, "ho had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some i
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would lie walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 diem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to I
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of tiie Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head; Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at'
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia j
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod iu
 its fiist stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the altove diseases for the last len years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer- j
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis- 1
 erfses, that instead of publishing a long list of cer- i
 tided cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids i
 seeking to obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo-
 ftition or deception, so that no one need he to ant
 expense in this Institution without being benefited.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the monev awl
 pav all the expenses from any part of the L uited
 States here awl back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a Ism.l to board them,
 together with his provisional services, for nothing,
 if be does nut help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrept escalation* and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, ran let the proone-
 tor know what util be satisfactory, and it shall be;
 duly co* shirred.
 This Institution has grown up from private prae-
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before; i
 ;I nd the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel. 1
 bv its owu merits, or pay the expense of those who j
 choose to make a coot act in case of failure. The I
 design of his Circular is not to make known the
 cures th.it hare been rna !e in this institution, because j
 they mast §**on be believed; but to let it I* more
 extensively known to the poor .tillering invalids;
 Lbat &gt;.ave -pent hundreds of dollars in try ng all j
 other systems of practice, and with. Hit much or way
 benefit, awi still remain confined to their bails few
 five u» twenty years, that them is aa Institute*
 whose treatment is d ids rent from any other o&gt;« th
 United States, awi is particufauiy adapted to thei. j
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing safe-** j I
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treat me-it ia 'bis Institauoa, j
 the number of patient- mart be limited, there fixe the
 proprietor does not solicit rim patronage of slig 4 and i
 ordinary esses which way he easily helped I v .4k*-r i
 systems of practice; nor does be want any one to I
 coast, unless they wish to get well, an 1 are w iking
 In he made well enough to wait from five to twenty
 miles at a tune, and follow it ap day alter day in
 succession; and also willing to be made aids to en
 dure aa much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that eaH themselves well, as he mats that every
 nob that goes through a thorough coarse of treatment
 ia the Analytic laatitatioa shall show by their ia- i
 creased strength, elasticity of aotiea, fineness of
 texture, cape**Ley of aadnruaae, and improved
 Israhfi, that the treatamat in this laatitatme is found
 ed on the natural laws of organised matter, and
 consequently wparieiitj user every other d»f- 1
 feral system of practice.
 HAMILTuS"' THOMAS
 im~-* post paid,
 ri and alee fond mfcioafos asm I sapoast niwtj
 rof riw prupristoc «c|NM*C afro**, I IT
 •qmfp*.
Mew Witch it 4 Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KF.OZIE having changed his partnership
 d whtiws, has removed his Shop *wo doors
 North to Wo. 11, Scats Strv-rt. where be ia pre|*red
 mrn nifclly to cuspate ia the sale of u entire sew
 Stork of Goods, oanMua of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal wot Vertical Watches,
 GoW Guard and Fob Chaim, Gold Seals and Keys,
 GokJ aad Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thtmblr*.
 Gold Ear-Riags, ReaceJets, wad Fmger-Riwt*—•
 good iwsnrtaust. rheap; a variety of Ladies' sod
 Gaotlemsa’s Breast-Pi:*, new stvW; doable and
 single Hunting gold nod plated Lathe's. Gold Pews,
 hut irnlti, Stiver and She! Combs aad Cases,
 Fete Cutlery, fcr. kr.
 TW above aad a variety of other desirable Goods
 asuaJhr kept ta oar business, are offered pa more ad
 vantageous terms than ostial; aad it it particularly
 desired that the good* should he exaaward, aad
 prices aseertaiard, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep oo ham! a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pore at Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assort meat of Acourdeoos ami
 other Mas tea I Instruments, which will be told very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brats Eight -day. 35 hour, aad alarum flocks, as can
 he found in this city.—Call wad see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, foithftdly done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To the Fanners in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that know Inlge of the change* of the
 weather, so a* to be able to alopt his husinr** to its
 variations. Please call and examine tliem, as ever
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15,1848. oin.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office Iron) No. 89 Smith's Arcade to niy dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 7 hank ful tor past favors in tlie liar of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of liaving o|)erations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operation* performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
i\EW PIMP FACTORY.
 THE sulwicriber takes this method to inform the
 citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that he has
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, where he will be happy to wait upon all
 who may favor him with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in his line of
 business, he pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, anti of as good material, as can be procured
 at anv other similar establishment in this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with eitlier wood or lead pipe,
 as mav suit customers. He also suspplies, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, who will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pninps repaired to
 order.
 (0* The above work will lie furnished at the
 lowest prices, for cash. Persons will do well to
 rive him a call Itefore purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. K 29
Assignee’s Sale.
 AS Assignee of Stephen A Leach, deceased,
 I shall s -II at Public Auction at the Ar
 i cade Hall (opposite the Post Office) in the city
 of Rochester, on tin: 9th day of April, 1849, at 12
 o’clock M., “One undivided fourth part of all that
 tract or parcel of land situate in the Village of
 Honeove Falls, town of Mention, County of Mun
 roe and State of New York, bounded and described
 j as follows* Beginning at the west corner of a lot
 of land owned in the year 1843 by Ezra R. Ben
 j ton, and now occupied by Asa Pride, and on the
 Northerly line of Munroe Street, thence along the
 I line of saiti street north forty eight degrees, west
 one chain twenty and one half links to Robert
 Ra.nd’s line; thence north forty-two i tj, east
 at right angles with said street twoelra ns and thirty
 nine finks; thence north forty-eight degrees, west
 six feet and two inches; thence continuing alon;
 said Rand’s line north thirty-nine degrees, east one
 chain and sixty-two links to H arry Allen's line;
 thence along his line south forty-eight degrees, east
 i one chain; thence south thirty-four degrees fifteen
 minutes, west along said Allen’s line one chain
 i sixty-four and a half links; thence smith forty-five
 degrees and forty-five minutes, east eighteen links;
 thence along said Benton’s line (now said Prides
 line) south forty-two degrees, west two chains and
 thirty-nine links to the place of beginning, containing
 about half an acre of land, being the same premises
 conveyed by sail! Leach to J krome B. Fellows,
 by deed dated October 17th 1848, and recorded in
 Munroe county clerk’s office Oct. 19, 1848 at ten
 o’clock A. M., in lib. 82 of deeds at page 172 Tire
 above described premises will lie sold subjert to a
 certain mortgage executed by said Leach to
 Charles Pad lk, dated 16th and recorded in
 Munroe County Clerk’s Office oil tlte 18lli day of
 -October 1848 at 10 o’clock A. M., in lib. 46 of
 mortgages at page 500.
 Dated February 15th 1849.
 6* Jerome B Fellows, Assignee.
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 KAIL-ROAD.
 JIHANGEIN TIME.— The train* will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—at 12$ a. m.,*11 a. m., ami 7$ p. r.
 Westward—at 2$ a. m., 4$ A. m., and 4$ P. m.
 Rochester, Decemlter 5, 1848.
 Beef—Beef—Beef!
 A&amp; J. SHAW, Batchers, 3, Centre Market,
 l*g to return tlieir sincere thanks to the
 citizens of Rochester, for tlie liberal patronage lie
 stowed upon them since tliey opened tlie above
 place. Moreover, it is tlieir earnest desire, by
 strict attention t, Isis iocs*, and keeping always on
 hand an article of tlie first quality, to merit a' still
 further extension of tlie patronage already so lilier
 ally conferred upon them.
 N.B. They have at present on hand prize beef o
 the first quality, fed by Mr. Murdoch, Farmer,
 Sandy creek, Orleans County, N. Y.
IfeiM'tttting and Dressing at
 Ralph Francis’s Saloon, under tiie Eagle
 Buffalo-street jul 14—3rn
TRI \KS! TRI VKS!
 IMIE first quality of article is to lie had at LAI.NG
 fit BONN ELl.new Establishment, No. 59,
 State .Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, fitc., which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 ami with dirpaub, by J. T. Laing, at his old {.uni
 in Sute Strwrt, op|sisite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. having had extensive experience in tlie
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who stall favor him with their pa
 Uonage.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 3tn
CHARLES JON 8. N. R h Btar House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and fcixib, ami
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Btranger* visiting the city will fimf the North
 Btar House the most central, convenient amt cotn
 fortatde House in Phitaiiefobia.
 Phi lade Ipliia, Dec. I, I§4£.
BDSTO\ ADI ERTDiEMEATM.
NEW BfRJKS.
 f[&gt;Oß SALE at the Aati-Qbvery Depository, 21,
 U (tiUBCI) f
 The Liberty Beil for 1848. A fow crrpies remain.
 Life of Willuun W. 8r0w.., 2d Eiitiua, with mt li-
 Mooal matter ami aeweagrsvtogs. Price, fswMaf,
 37$ cts; in paper cove**, 25 cu.
 Mr. Hhackfiird s Appeal ia regard to the War with
 Mexico, 12$ cts.
 IWfon and I&gt;«ies of the North, with regard to
 Mfcsvery. By Andrew P. Peabody. 5 rts.
 By lleary C. W right.
 f,l k f rul *BiaC*li‘eld, the assassin, and Zachary
 I aylur, the Boidicr; the Diiermc* between
 C. Wright. 3 cts. single; 25
CLARKSON,
 .f'f EDITION—M ITH PORTRAIT.
 A ULARKBONU HISTORY
 A of THEAJKH.mo.N OF THE RLdVE
 TKXD prefatory rtrart. ng Ihn
 auuliciua of Savory; hia&lt;Mh&gt; London adtbsm.
 with s fim Portrait wf we Arthur, daw am sissl.
 bm* vdw* firth* firtW. Hapurtrd km *mm ffire*
 dalMw, aw bfi Ui rt »Tu«n*aUf
 i—i miiiily,at the wtbaydg awJhqw tJ
 cash. Aita, CCUMAUM OM CLSMKMOW.
 AkiUlfilk CmfikiMs* 1 wararra pr*cv a
 twalva aokd a half cart*
HOME POR REFORMER*.
 T’WE mhmenbrr ha* removed to that neat, eonvr.
 1 meni. and crrtrul hoard iwg-hou*e. No. 2) Central
 Conrt, whore he viH he most happy to welcome taw
 of the Friend* of Reform, at maninhl. charges.-
 fie wishes hi* house to be the rewind nW m fWw
 toa, whet* the friends af Temperance. Peace, Parity,
 F-redom, the Prisoner, frc.,«nay meet together .and
 enjoy a rortfcrfhfr aad qaiet home.
 Central Coart open* at 238 W'asbingtoa street.
 JOHN M. BPEAR
 Barton. Anf, 21. 1848.
 r THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 9*. Brattle Street.
 A sign of the Golden Rail. New and Heeood
 hand t lutiuag Store.
 Tfce Jta**arfe9&lt;iftt9 Qm rtf rly Refit w,
 COMMENCED on the fint of December. 1847,
 t ro r wd oo the l*t of March. June, and
 {September. It will he devoted to the interest
 ft ao party or claes, bm rts ondwrtorv will cwden
 vor to present an open awl r fc.)d fix the notice
 and ffisowsma of matter, pertain,ng to Philosnpfrv,
 1 'tlT’o Krh on »«d Humanity,
 the Review will be cvsxiurtci b&gt; R. F.mer-
 TheojUse Parker, ami J. Elliot Cabot, assisted
 vpveral other gentlemen.
 Each number will contain abort I*s pages, at the
 price &lt;&gt;l 83 a vrar, in advance.
 Comcaoairatioas, sidwrcptioiw, he. shank! bn
 wklresaetl to the Publisher-,
 COOLIDGE WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Boston
pOBERT MORRIS, Ja., Attorney ami Conn
 sellor at law, Brasrr’s Brnkling, State Street*
 Boston.
TOHN D. RE\ ALEON, llair Cutting Saloon,
 V ami I ertionery F.mportun,. 114, Bkirkst«Hw--st.
\EH YORK ADVERTISE.IIEM^i.
JI ST PUBLISHED, and for sale at the office of
 of the Anti Slavery Staiaianl—
 'l he la'gion of l.ds-rty, aiul Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 2:h&gt; pages of close
 leading; 300 rmincnt aothorities, and shot sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ rts. in muslin,
 ami 25 cents in paper cover*. A vety liberal dis
 count to those w ho pttr, liase a numlier of copies.
 The Condition, InfliH'itce, Rights, ami Apjs-al of
 Women, from Various authors, 12$ cents.
 I-ettcr to tlie People of tire Ignited States, touchin|
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18J rents.
 W in. Brown's la-ctnre befi&gt;re tlie Female A S,
 Society of Salem, Mass. Ketairted by 11. M.
 Parklturst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
I 1 J INNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 Broadwav.
JOSEPH lit&gt;l.l,l Boot and Shoe Maker,
 *J No. 97, Cranlicry Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at tlie shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
Philip a. white, Druggist corner of Frank
 fort ami Gold Street.
GENTEEL HOARDING VIOLSF.
 piI.IRLES IIIGHGATE, woukl res|iectfullv in-
 XV form his friends and tlie public, that he rimtinueff
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany,
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Vi Saloon, Troy llotise, Troy, .New York.
 NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A’FEW DAYS,
 Walker’s Ap. i al, with a brief sketthol
 his life by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, (it HN it’s Address n&gt; the Slaves of the Pul
 ted States. This address was rejevled by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 Jl ST 1M BUSHED, a lecture entitled The
 Past and Present Condition or the Color
 ED Rack, by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 j April 28, Btn.
Leopral Oflice.
 ®®LNES having opened an Estalilish
 j at the Philadelphia Institctk,
 Lomliard .Street, altove Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest ami faithful domestic* for tffi.-e
 who may require tliem, ami obtaining place* for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, wdio have
 kindly permitted the use of their name* as
 references:
 A mire w M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morn*, Editor of the Inquirer
 Ja.qa'r Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thus. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliarn J. Mullen, 278, Catlierine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly 3g
b. J. PECK, Phy-ician and Surgeon, Phi-
 AJ ladelphia Institute, Lomlsird Street, almye
 Seventh. ly_36
FREE PRODUCE STORK.
 NEW GOODS just revived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Print*, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width
 line and wide Pa,,er Muslin*. Also Colored
 j Cambrics.
 Cu Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinet*, g&lt;Mxl ami rlieap. Also on hand, mostly at
 prncs, 4jingiuiiiiM, va/ioiiM f|iialiiieii and
 F'JJ® Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Mu* I in*.
 Stri|ad Cambrics. Fim- 6-1 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Hairnet* 4-4 gm*i ami price low. Canton flannel*,
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. AUo Linen
 Drilling, hr.
 Ixmg and halt Hose, fine ami heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Istaf, Crasited, and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, gmsi quality, of various grades.
 1 lie whole stor k exclusively t ree Labor Goods,
 to which tla* Subscriber wouhi iuvi'e tin- allenlioo
 of country merchants, as well as Ins friends and (lie
 pol lic generally.
 Much pants is taken by tl*s- Manager* of Uw Fiee
 Produce Assoriation, u. assist the Subscriber to en
 large tiie assortment front tnoaijo time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR.
 Northwest corner Fifth ami Chern-sU.
 Plnladelplna 21 mo. l.t, 1848. tf
Free Labor Loud'.
 "Yf AM I At. n RED \&gt;y the American Free |'r&lt;
 IVJ duce Associauun, ami for sale at No. 31,North
 f il'lirirtrert, PhikifirlphNi:
 Manchester «to.gl«,n&gt; Checks, Apron and Fnr
 niuue; Canlou FUauel, oabieoebed; Mh-lm,
 and irt.ldeaehed, «if various qualities and
 w thin Muslin for iuungs, brown amt colt,re«f;
 ILr&lt;i Lye Towels; Mark ami whi'e Waffitmg;
 C-ttfra. Lops, Loiap Wick; IV.i Taking, an ex
 c*r4ltrßl iniclt; Caiitu, .SuAkuii« y CcUob,
 hr. hr,
 OriSer* £»r (soots, or letters nr .aforinattoo
 «f»' be midreaued i» J. fifdlei McKun, 31, North
 (•Ith-Kiftti Darnel Ls Mitlrr, irnlii*ttriT(; t/r U&gt;
 J'XRrt* Mott, No. 35, Chur« Alley.
 A large sad tuMtasi.r o».rii&gt;e.n of Prutu aow
 •ta ham,. j„i—tf
lili-Nlairr) Office*
 -Vo. 31, yiorth Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 4 FELL aosurtmert of *rt«*at*ver» (atisstioa*
 A is kept constantly on tw*t. Afro a nam sosor
 variety of SNoetbaMM poblrraleass, and uortu
 and V aorv Stats awry-
 AU ktier* ratio- u» b-si«e« of the office
 to be directed to X- M»M*r McKaa, 91, Neetk
 I dtlestreet, Ffaslads**-. pd—il
THE DELAW ARE ABOLITIONIriT
 A PA PER of ffia ahuvs aamr will be pJUisiwd in
 W itasgrt, by the Delaware Aat»-Mla«*s%
 Aucrcty- I* be edited by a ('owowittee. aad w &gt;ll
 J oa a half wfna sheet, at twenty five
 (rutspr* year.er for twenty-four Wttnbrrs. ItwiUU
 devoted to W—lpßw Delaware, aad will a,'-
 vormte itv srrsasahffiMiat by all lawfrd swans- It
 w*B b* paUisheu sertt wwiwtldy, tf mrwns a to ml
 foe dad, rt fi» often aa the means raw be obtained.
 JAM EH B. BROOKE
 fffiluiaig Agoai
"
