"accordingly made twenty-one inven
 tions— more then a foarth part of all
 Wade in the South. But Massachusetts
 had made sixty-two; ami New York,
 with a population of only
 had received two hundred and forty-
 Bcven patert rights—more thin three
 times as- runny as toe whole South.
 W ork* which rcqrire intelligence and
 ■kill require also the hind of* the free
 man. The South can grow timber; it
 is tin North which build? the ships.
 The S &gt;uth r:m rear cot*»n; it is the
 free intelligence of the North must
 weave it ini'* cloth.
 In the X irth, the free man acts
 directly upon things by his own will; in
 the .South, only through the medium ol
 mm reduced to the rank of things, and
 they act on material objects against
 their mil. Half the moral and intel
 lectual effect of labor is thereby hart;
 hall the productive power of the labor
 itself. All the great movements of in
 dustry decline where the aristocracy
 ";'n the bodies of the laboring class.
 No fertility ot soil or loveliness of cli
 mate can ever make up Ibr the want ol
 industry, invention, and thrift, in the
 laboring population itself. Agriculture
 will not thrive as under the free manb
 hand. Slave labor can only he prolit
 ably employed hi t ie coarse operation
 of field work. It was so in 1 t;ily tiddf
 year.* ago; the rich gardens of Barium
 Alba, r i UrfjCaay, were the work of free
 men. YV hen their owners w*rc re
 duced to Slavery by tin* Roman con
 queror, th &gt;se gardens became onh
 pastures for buffaloes and swine. Onh
 coarse staples, sugar, cott n, rice,
 c »*n, tobacco, can be successfully
 raised by the slave of America. Hi?
 rude tillage impoverishes the soil; the
 process of tilth “consists i:i killing the
 laud.” They who will keep Slavery a?
 a patriarchal institution,’" must adopt
 tiie barbarism of the patriarchs, be
 come nomadic, and wander from the
 land they h ive exhausted, to s nnc vir
 gin soil. i he free man's fertilizin']
 hand enriches the land the longer Ik
 labors.
 In Maryland. Virginia, and the Car
 oiinas, the soil is getting exhausted
 the old land less valuable than the new
 Ini 4 $7, said (jouvcrncur Morris in tin
 National Convention, “Compare the
 free regions of the Middle States
 where a rich and n &gt;bie cultivatior
 marks the prosperity and happiness o
 the people, with the misery and poverty
 ■which overspread the barren wastes o:
 irginia’i Maryland, and the other states
 having slaves. Travel through the
 whole Continent, and you behold the
 prospect continually varying with the
 appearance and disappearance of Sla
 very. The moment you leave the East
 ern States, and enter New York, the
 effects of the institution become visible.
 Passing through the Jerseys and enter
 ing Pennsylvania, evciy criterion of
 superior improvement witnesses the
 change. Proceed southwardly, and
 every step you take through the great
 regions of slaves, presents a descit in
 creasing with the increasing proportion
 of these wretched beings.” At this
 diy, sixty years later, the contrast is
 yet more striking, as will presently ap
 pear. Slavery has wrought a r tcr its
 way. Every tree bears its own fruit.
 Slavery discourages the immigration
 of able but p&gt; *r men from the free
 States. They go elsewhere to sell
 their labor; ail the Southern States
 aJford proof of this. The free man
 from the Nor o will net put himself and
 his intelligent industry on a level with
 the clave, degraded and despised. In
 the free Slates the farmer buys his land
 and hi' cattle; hires men to aid him in
 his work—he buys their labor. Both
 parties are served—this with labor,
 that with e mployment. There is no
 degradation, hut reciprocal gain. In u
 lew years, the men who at first sold
 their labor, will themselves become
 proprietors, and li re others desirous of
 selling their services. It requires little
 capital to start with. So the number
 tff proprietors rapidly increases, and
 the amount of cultivated land, of
 wealth, of population, of comfort. In
 the South, the proprietor must also buy
 his workni 'u; the poor man who seeks
 a market for his work, not his person,
 must apply elsewhere.
 T'iii s cause has 1 mg impeded the
 Agriculture of the Smith; it will also
 binder the advance of Manufactures.
 At 1 mwell the manufacturer builds his
 iniil. Uuvs his cotton, a id reserves a
 sum for bis floating capit .l ho hires
 five hundred men and women to work
 his machinery, paving them from week
 to week for the labor lie has bought,
 k South Carolina lie must buy his
 operatives also; five hundred Slaves at
 st&gt; &gt;1) each, am -uut to SiIDiMKKI. This
 addiiional sum is needed, before a
 wheel can turn. To stat, it requires
 large capital; but capital is what is not
 go easily obtained in a slave State,
 where there is no natural stimulus urg
 ing the laboring mass to production.
 Men of small capital are kept out ol
 the field; business is mainly in the
 hands of the rich; property tends to
 accumulate in few hands.
 Compare a Slave and a free State:
 in the free popula'ion of the former,
 there is less enterprise; less activity
 of body and mind; less intelligence;
 less production; less comfort, and less
 welfare. In the free States, nn enter
 prising man whose own hands are not
 enough for him to work out his thoughts
 with, can trade in human labor, buying
 men's work, and seeing the result of
 that work. That is the business of the
 merchant-manufacturer in all depart
 ments. in the present state of society,
 both parties are gainers by the opeia
 tion. In the South, su&lt; h a man must
 buy the la’norer* before lie can use
 their work, but intelligent labor lie can
 not thus buy.
 Men are born with different tastes
 and tendencies —some for agriculture,
 others for commerce, navigation, man
 ufactures, for science, letters, the arts,
 useful or elegant. The master is able
 to command the muscles, not to d&lt;-
 velop the mind. He directs labor
 mainly to the coarser operations of hus
 bandry, and makes work monotonous.
 Uniformity of labor involves a great
 loss. Political economists know well
 the misery nh h happens to Ireland
 from thi-&gt; sour ..—not to mention others
 and worse.
 In ’omiccticut, every farmer and
 day-laborer, in Ins family or person,
 is a consumer not only of itn\ produc
 tion* of Ikis own fas m or iutndiwork.
but alto of tap. coflee, w*» r c
 tenac*, aah afti tpieet; of cotton, «*ol
 tn ana ailk gtak, ribbona and bonnet*;
 of *hoea and Itets; of Me and otfier
 furniture; of l»rd-wara t and
 cutlery; of mckery and gltss-warc;
 of clocks and Jewelry v of books, paper,
 add the like. Hie waste etinMdate the
 mechanic and the merchant; they eti
 inulatc him in return, all grow up
 together; each has a market at Lonae,|
 a market, continually enlarging and;
 giving vent to superior wares. The'
 young man can turn his hand to the art
 he likes best. Industry., activity, intel
 ligence, and comfort, are the result.
 fn a slave population, the reverse of
 all this takes place. The Southern
 Planter thinks s*2o adequate for the;
 yearly xupfiort of a slave. Add twen-
 ty-five per cent, to his estimate, making j
 the sum £25: then the 3,000,000 slaves j
 arc consumers to the amount of £75,-,
 (KW.OJO a year. In 1815, the annual,
 earning* of the State of Massachusetts j
 were $1 14,492,(135. This does not in- 1
 elude the improvements made on the
 soil, nor bridges, railroads, highways,,
 house*, shops, stores and factories that
 were built—these things forma perma-j
 nent investment for future years. lt|
 cannot reasonably be supposed that, in
 addition, so large a sum as fourteen,
 pcs cent, of the annual earnings is
 sav&amp;L and laid by. But on that sup
 pi Motion, the 737,099 inhabitants of
 Massachusetts are consumers to tliej
 ,am ••tint of 109,090,00-3 a year; that
 i*, $25,099,030 more than four times
 that number of slaves would consume.
 'l'he amount of additional energy, com
 fort, and happiuess, is but poorly indi
 cated even by these figures.
 In the present age, Slavery can com
 pete successfully with free labor only
 under rare circumstances. The popu
 lation must be sparse; perhaps not ex
 ceeding fifty persons to the square mile.
 Hut in the nice labor and minute divi
 sion of employment, in the economy
 and the improved methods of cultiva
 tion, consequent on a dense population.
 Slavery ceases to he profitable; the
 slave will not pay for rearing. It must
 he on a soil extraordinarily fertile,
 which the barbarous tillage of the slave
 cannot exhaust. Some of the rich
 lands of Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana,
 and Mississippi, are of this character.
 Then it must have the monopoly ot
 some favorite staple, which cannot be
 produced elsewhere. A combination
 of those three conditions may render
 Slavery profitable even at this day, yet
 by no means so profitable as the work
 of the free man. Mr. Rutledge was
 not far from right in 1787, when he
 contended that, in direct taxation, a
 slave should pay but one-third as much
 as a freeman, his labor being only of
 one-third the value of a freeman’s. j
 I
 [to be continued.]
 SPEECH or WENDELL PHILLIPS,!
 At the Sixteenth Annual Meeting of the Mas
 sachusetts Anii-Slartry Society held in Fan-
 cuil Hall, Boston, Thursday evening Jan. i
 27, 1818.
 Wendell Phillips came upon the platform, j
 amidst the warmest greeting of the audience, I
 i w ith which the ample ball was now well filled,
 i On the table by his side, lay partly opened,
 the ponderous roll which contained the Ad
 i dress of the Women of Scotland to the Wo
 -1 men of America, on the subject of Slavery,
 with its FORTY THOUSAND signatures.
 I
 Mr. Phillips commenced with a reference
 j to this admirable Address, so powerfully re
 commended to us, and in a few eloquent
 words acknowledged the effective aid which
 the Anti-Slavery cause has always received
 from women. From a woman's lips, he said,
 I the Abolitionists of the old world first heard the
 doctrine and learned the lesson ot Immediate
 i Emancipation. Their voices have ever been
 dear and true in animating to the conflict, and
 in pointing out the way. These same women
 we have here to-night: forty thousand strong
 i they come, and urge us not to cease in our
 contest with Slavery. The blessing of God
 'be upon them. Forty thousand name* closed
 lira prisons of Massachusetts, at the Latimer
 tim so that the Slaveholder should not use
 1 them to hold his flying victim Forty thous
 and, multiplied by ten, shall yet send Massa
 chusetts swinging clear from that constellation
 Jof despots, of which she now is one. And
 as O'Connell, the friend of every sect, sex,
 creed, color, and clime, the ocean of whose
 i philanthropy knew no shore, oneesaidthat he
 would !&gt;e a proud man who should be able to
 say to the women of England, Parliament has
 done your bidding,—so shall Massachusetts
 yet joyfully do the bidding of the noble and
 Christian women on her soil, who demand of
 h'T to cease from all partnership in the iniqui
 ty of slaveholding. (Cheers.)
 i Do you ask, why we do not trust parties,
 and plans, and churches, and compromises,
 but wish to rase all out, and begin anew
 •j VVe answer, every thing that man could do,
 united to the Constitution, has been done
 to what effect, let the gloom of slavocraey, as
 it steals over our country's horizon, answer.
 We do not distrust the Union and political
 j parties because they have failed once, but be
 cause against slavery, they have always failed.
 Let irn* explain in an anecdote of Henry Clay
 on the stump. When some vote of lus had
 i offended his neighbors, an old friend took him
 t hy the hand, and said, 44 Harry, I've voted
 for you always till now. I’m done forever.”
 i Neighbor,” said Clav, “do you own a
 rifle The best in Kentuck.” 14 Sup
 pose it should once miss fire, what should you
 do 44 Pick the flint, and trv again.” That's
 it. my boy,” said Clay, clapping him on the
 shoulder—“ do so with your friend, —jack
 the flint, and try him again.”
 That now was pood sense. Our ca*e is
 jest the reverse. We've got a rifle that al
 ways misse »—aie we to stand picking the
 flint forever (Cheers Seventy year* all
 i\ asted—the ho{»es of two generations cheated
 —how long shall we w ait How long to
 earn the reputation of patient men! moderate
 men men of sound common sense The
 fox turned back from the lion's cave when he
 saw the tracks all inward, and none returned.
 Wise boast Into the vast house of slave
 holding despotism, the long procession of
 hopes pnd promise*, church plans, and cun
 ning compromise*, have been endlessly march
 ing for seventy years. Who has ever seen
 one glad traveller of them returning from that
 Imurne 1 Shall we not be aa wise as the
 fable
 I wish to say a few words Of John P. Hale,
 I
fur l find that l was not amfonood mwkstl
 Bid of trnafiuro Isa night. I have aaaght to
 ley b derogation of Ur. Hale's Hanna Ida
 Barite detract team has Jwt Barits. Aa a
 politician, Mr. Hate hasdeoe andEti^.
 ■exatkm and of the Extension of Slavery, he
 has diatragmiabed hnaarif aranag the poKiirisas
 of the day. fife ter, I have rot a word to ob
 ject to him. Bat when haeomea to be pat forth
 b a Representative of the anti-otevery idea of
 this country, then are ad him, as we have a
 right to ask, what he bettevea aa to theeon
 nectioo of this Ouse lament with Slavery, aad
 what ha will da in behalf of ths three adhens
 of slaves now in the land what be will do
 b to the abolition of slavery in the District of
 Cofambix what he will do in regard to the
 ■lave trade in the Southern and South-West
 ern States of this Union. On all these point*,
 what has John P. Hale raid* Nothing that j
 hundreds of Whigs have net already said, over
 and over again nothing that John Van Bu
 reo and Silas Wright have not said before
 him. (Here Mr. Phillips read from the letter j
 of Mr. llale, accepting the Domination of the
 Liberty Party.]
 Mr. Hate does not aay that he goes for the
 immediate termination of slavery. Ah thatj
 little word immediate. What an amount of
 meaning it has, and how potent is it to show
 the real character of a man's opposition to an
 evil which he is combating Ido hot blame
 Mr. Hate for not taking ground for immedi
 ate emancipation: be has a right to his opin
 ions. All me can ask of a man is, that be
 shall be true to his own views and convictions, j
 Mr. Hale did not seek a nomination from the
 Lil*erty Party.—That nomination was his
 misfortune, not his fault. He was sought
 out by the Liberty Party they neither asked
 him w hat lie believed or what be would do,
 touching slavery. Liberty Party began by j
 scouting llic okl plan of questioning a man
 first, and nominating him afterwards. In this
 instance, they have improved upon it—propos
 ing to nominate first, and quest ion afterwards!
 but ended in nominating, and then not quest
 ioning at all. At the Buffalo Convention
 Liberty Party stood up, balancing between
 two candidates for their nomination on one
 side John P. Hale, on the other Gerrit Smith.
 And whatever may be said of the nineteen po
 litical propositions, which are enough to sink
 Gerrit Smith’s political hopes beyond recovery,
 every one knows him foi an outspoken aboli
 tionist, going the w hole length for immediate
 emancipation. Yet upon him Liberty Party
 turned its back—repudiated him And why!
 Because he was not an available candidate
 and took up John P. Hale, the Indepcnent
 Democrat, never known as an abolitionist, be
 cause it was hoped he would be available, and
 44 save some.”
 And what has followed? The Liberty
 Party candidate sits silent in the Senate House
 on the subject of slavery, and leaves it for
 Joshua R. Giddings, the Whig, too rile for
 44 Bible politics” to touch, to make the first
 direct move w’hich has been made in Congress
 this year against slavery. I said, to-day, to
 a Liberty Party man, that John P. Hale had i
 as yet made no war on slavery and he re
 plied, 44 Mr. H., had not yet found an oppor
 tunity.” I told him 1 knew a man named
 Giddings, who made his opportunity. (Cheers)
 I repeat, I find no fault with John P. Hale,
 when tried by his own standard. Measured
 by his own yard-stick, he is an honest man
 enough, for what I know. But when put
 forth as an anti-slavery maa, to represent the
 anti-slavery mind and conscience of this peo
 ple, I will hold him to a strict anti-slavery
 account.
 Mr. President, we hold ourselves a Grand
 Inquest for Freedom —Inspectors-General,
 may I say, of anti-slavery for old Massachu
 setts. By the right which some years of
 study and experience in thri matter give us,
 we make this claim. We mean to hold our
 selves free from all contamination of slavery
 we mean to give it no countenance and sup
 port and we mean to see it abolished before
 we close our eyes in death, if we can. (Loud
 and continued cheering.) Over all political
 scheming, over all anti-slavery apostacy, over
 all hypocrisy and pretence, will we hold our
 selves vigilant. If we can help it, no man
 shall go about in an anti-slavery garment,
 without the anti-slavery heart in his bosom.
 Liberty Party may work for her own ends.
 She may join what others she pleases to ac
 complish those ends. She may go for a
 homestead to the w hite man, and land for
 everybody, &amp;c. &amp;c. but she shan’t by put
 ting on anti-slavery as a cloak, swallow up
 the enthusiasm of the honest abolitionists of
 the North. She shan't deceive, Sir, those
 Scottish women, whose names are enrolled
 there (turning to the table.) Those forty
 thousand women are the Tenth Legion, of
 which the Roman saying was, 44 defeat was
 impossible—the Tenth Legion was in the
 field and they shall not be deceived by any
 false pretences.
 I thought last night, as I listened to the
 eloquent appeals and remonstrances of Wil
 liam W. Brown, how powerless are the men
 of Boston—wealthy and powerful though they
 be—how utterly powerless they are to protect
 that man here in their ow n city! There is
 not, in all Massachusetts, the power which
 can save Wra. W. Brown from his master's
 grasp, should he come and demand him here.
 (A voice, 44 Yes there is Yes there are
 in Massachusetts, SCO,OOO beating hearts,
 which, if they would utter the word DISSO
 LITION, would bo omnipotent to shelter, to
 protect, to save him. But that word is to
 eome, not by mustering parties, or choosing
 cunningly 44 available candidates,” but by
 Massachusetts coming np, as of old, and
 breaking her chains in Faneoil Ilall. ‘‘Trea
 son some will cry— 44 the powers that be are
 ordained of God.” 44 The powers of God are
 the powers that shall be”—this I hold to be
 the true doctrine, and this ought to be the
 reading of the text. (Great applause.)
 Old Sam Johnson, when, as long ago as
 1780, he used to go doom to drink his port at
 Oxfoid, was wont to give an n toast, Suc
 cess to the next insurrection of blacks in Ja
 maica and he was consistent mso doing,
 for he believed to armed resists nr* to the
 wrong. To this end »this country font ap
 proaching, if it do not in good time avert the
 ratatwphH by gfofog the teawrea their freedom.
 If you would have freedom for the stares, you
 must starve the mains or frieghlea them.
 The Church wtH not free the slave—the State
 cannot and wiD not.
 No, Six, we may not trifle or daily with
 this thing. What brought about Reform Bill
m England I What the Oihaha Fmnnripa
 tteuf Tomt of the mamas. What aceum
 pHahrl the fralrp radii nra if then* Stale*?—
 A dlermtnadapuu of u.rofcitin»~« putgam
 to put aa end to the existmg auteur thmfa
 Bemlmtiam fcfire only thing, theauly pouter,
 that ever wetked out freedom for any peopte.
 The powers that have rated long, and learn
 ed to love raliag, will never give up that pre
 rogative tiM they find they aaal, till they eee
 the certainty of overthrow aad destruction if
 they do not!
 And whea insurrection cornea—an come u
 muet, erelong, antes* the nation by a
 and thorough repentance save herself from
 that doum—Urea, Sir, I want the North to
 stand still, and let the contest between mas
 ten and slaves go on. I would not have a
 ingle word uttered by Northern lips to en
 courage insurrection—l would not have one
 Northern musket lifted to aid even the slave
 in his bloody struggle for his liberty. But
 God forbid that 1 should, in aay way, guaran
 tee protection to the wife aad children of the
 white man, that he may go forth with impu
 nity to inflict violence, nod woes which are
 worse than death, upon the wife and children
 of his colored neigh tor. (Cheers.) I will
 have no part in enabling the white man to
 leave his own wife and children secure in his
 dwelling, while be goes forth to riAe and ren
 der desolate the humble hovel of his slave
 (Great cheering.)
 Oh, how degenerate we are? Our fathers,
 in then comparative weakness, could separate
 from Great Britain, their mother-country—
 j their mother in religion, in laws, in literature,
 with everything to attach them to her, —the
 land of Shakespeare and Milton, of Chatham
 and Howard, —the land: that gave us that
 mother-tongue in which we read the Bible,
 the source of that glorious common-law, jury,
 habeas corpus, and all; endeared by that one
 epithet, so universal in the colonies— 44 the
 mother country,”—from all this they broke
 j away, because they would not endure, even
 from Aar, an oppressive tax on their tea-cups.
 And *e we cannot separate from the land
 |of the McDuffies aud the Calhouns, —of
 whips and chains—from a land which has
 i taught os nothing good in religion or in laws
 '—a land which never had a poet—which, so
 i far from sending us literatnre, has to send to
 the north cvcajfor her wheelbarrows! (laugh
 ter and cheers) wo cannot, oh, no! we can
 not leave this glorious Union.” Wc can
 not dissolve our connexion with the land of
 women-whipping monsters, and Zachary Tay
 lar! Alas! we are cowards and degenerate
 enfeebled and overmastered by love- of ease
 and hope of gain. Oh, that the spirit of the
 earlier days of New England might come
 upon her again Americans have never done
 but two things to be noted. They wrung this
 soil from the rude grasp of Nature—they
 snatched it from the closing hand of Despot
 ism. To plant—to revolutionize—these arc
 the twin stars that have ruled our pathway.
 What have wc, then, to dread, in the word
 Revolution—we, the children, of rebels —il
 runs in the blood. Our fathers sacrificed one
 generation to plant this beautiful land, anothei
 to redeem it.
 Ultima Thule is reached; there are no new
 worlds for us to sigh for. Let us imitate the
 other of their great deeds—strive to model
 our State to the highest idea of our age. If,
 wearied with so many labors they sank tc
 rest before the last head of the Hydra was
 destroyed; if, tempted by immediate ease,
 they left the keystone of the arch unplaced;
 let us no longer dream life away in turning
 proudly over the page of their history,but close
 the book, and gird ourselves for the struggle—
 till, with clear brow, in the face of Christen
 dom, we can ask— 44 What our fathers left us
 to do, have wc not done it? The atonement
 which their only sin demanded, have we not
 j made it? Have we not, too, proved ourselves
 worthy of our race, by willingness to sacrifice
 all the present to the welfare of the future?”
 Amidst the most warm and general applause
 Mr. Phillips took his scat.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY 11, 1818
EDITORIAL CORRESPONDENCE.
Lynx, Mass., Feb. 5, 1848.
 My Dear Nell :—ln accordance with my
 promise, I will now 7 commence to keep your
 self and the naders of the North Star in
 formed of my irovements during my absence
 from my post at Rochester. I very much re
 gret the necessity which just at this time re
 quires me to be absent from my editorial du
 ties for though the North Star should grow
 brighter as the night grows older and darker,
 I deem it of considerable importance that it
 appear bright at its very daw n. At this time 1
 more than at any other period of our enter
 prise, the Star will be subject to unfriendly as
 well as friendly criticism. I however feel
 confident that with the friendly aid which
 surrounds you, the paper will lack nothing of
 interest during my unavoidable absence. My
 readers will also bear' with me, when they re
 member that one of the most essential things
 to a good paper, it a good subscription list;
 and tins, it is no disparagement to our enter
 prise to say, wc have yet for the
 1 North Star. One of the objects of my short
 tour is, to obtain subscribers for the North
 Star, and especially to interest and enlist the
 energies of our colored •fellow countrymen in
 the important duties of sustaining the paper.
 It may now be said, that the North Star is
 the only permanently established periodical in
 the bands of the oppressed and enslaved of
 this land. It is the grand instrumentality for
 I their improvement and elevation. The neces
 sity for its existence is pressing and impera
 tive, and the duty to sustain it ball-important.
 I shall try to impress this view on my brethren
 everywhere. I have done so already, with
 much good effect, since I left Rochester. At
 present, the subscription list of the North
 Star exhibits the names of five white to one
 colored person; and though this fact indicates
 n most gratifying interest in our enterprise by
 our white fneads, it reveals a palpable defi
 ciency of interest oasbe oar enlaced
 friends. I am swam that msay, and sums
 •ary mitigating masons, aught he given
 in explanation sf this meet angular disparity;
 but none, I am sure, wiß entirely exculpate
 our people from the ehsrge of reprehensible m
 dUferenee to their ova cause, and the ir
 of advancement. It is cxoacdiagly pleasant,
 however, to meet with tree tad geaemmT
tliiin who know thdr righto,
 ore resolved to am every rifhtfol t
 to aboil thaw. BT oar nee nlrnawi,
 neh race wffl he the maam of oar redsmp
 tom. I bar# met. nee oa this tear, am
 who hare taken every paper ever pakliihril
 in this land by eokeed an, and who arew
 thenaim determined to aaetaia aay and ev
 ery effort of the aort which may ha made ia
 behalf of oar oommoo came. It ia oa each
 men that oar enterprise mast depend for see
 eem. We moat look to such ae are wiUiaf to
 make sacrifices hr behalf of the food of the
 whole. There an some who, whale they if
 for with me on many points, some of which I
 deem most important, yet hare the candor to
 confess that the North Star ia aa important
 means against Slavery, and hare the magna
 nimity to subscribe for the paper. Too wifi
 be glad to learn that my meeting on Sunday j
 evening, in Troy, was large aad spirited. It
 was held in the Coart House, which was as
 densely crowded as last foil when yon attended
 a meeting at the same place., in company with
 me. The hall was much better lighted on
 this than on the former occasion, and gore to
 the audience a life and brilliance quite impreo
 sire. Of all the bores in this boring world,
 there arc lew more afflicting to me than to
 speak in a dimly lighted hall, where one has
 literally to feel his way is the dark for his
 audience. I may be singular in this, aad h
 may be set down to a want of earnestness
 and devotion to the cause. The confession,
 however, is out, and 1 care not to recall it- 1
 beg Anti-Slavery friends who invite persons
 to lecture in their towns, if they wish to hare
 a good impression made oo their townsmen, to
 see that the house in which the lecture is to be
 given be well lighted.
 Mr. Henry Highland Garnet was present at
 the meeting, and manifested a lively interest
 in its proceedings. At the close of the lec
 ture, lie rose, and in his usual frank and forci
 ble maimer, recommended the North Star to
 the favorable consideration of the audience.—
 This unsolicited move I regard with pleasure,
 as an important and significant step in the
 right direction on the part of this distinguished
 and highly esteemed gentleman I have long
 regarded Mr.. Garnet as being quite liberal in
 I his views, and profoundly patriotic in his feel-
 I mgs. But considering his long and ardent
 attachment to the Liberty Party, and his inti
 mate connection with the orthodox church,
 his manly of the North Star
 i was as uuexpected and surprising, as it was
 gratifying. Mr. Garnet was not ignorant of
 the character of the paper he knows its po-
 I sition to be that of entire separation from our
 siaveholding government, as well as a slave
 holding church, and coming to the support of
 the paper in the circumstance, shows howevei
 much he regards sect, and however highly he
 may regard party, he esteems the holy cause
 of which the North Star is the solemnly con
 secrated advocate, to be dearer than either
 and to be promoted, even though it should be
 at the expense of both sect and party. I hope
 our enterprise will share his permanent sym
 pathy and support, and that he will feel per
 fectly free to use its columns as a means oi
 communicating with the public, as well when
 he differs as when he agrees with the editor*
 of the North Star. This paper is an organ
 for the oppressed in this land, through which
 all may speak, no matter how widely any
 party may differ from the other. The editors
 deem themselves only humble individuals
 among the mass, and only ask for their opin
 ions the respectful hearing which they are
 ever willing to accord to those who may differ
 from them. Regarding the North Star in
 this light, 1 see not why all may not unite in
 supporting it.
 i On Tuesday evening, Ist Feb., I lectured
 to a considerable audience in the Town Hall,
 Springfield, Mass., but with very little appa
 rent effect. I have lectured in the same place
 j before, but from some cause or other, with lit
 tie satisfaction to myself or advantage to the
 cause. I am inclined to think the people toe
 much under the influence of the “Arsenal'
 and too “Evangelical” to be very Anti-Slavery.
 J This, you arc aware, is the location of the
 i Massachusetts “Arsenal,” and is also famoui
 for Evangelical Churches—the one is ready tc
 fight, and the otherto pray for slavery. I an
 told that of all the churches in this town
 m
 there is not one that says aught against the
 j “Arsenal.” It lives m perfect harmony will
 the churches. The most interesting part o
 my visit to Springfield, was a private inter
 view with Mr. Brown, Mr. Van Rensseiaei
 and Mr. Washington. The first of these
 though a white gentleman, is in sympathy i
 black man, and is as deeply interested in oui
 cause, as though his own soul had beer
 pierced with the iron of slavery. Aftei
 shaking my hand with a grip peculiar to Anti
 i Slavery men, Mr. Brown said that for man}
 years he had been standing by the great set
 of American bondmen, and anxiously watch
 i jing for some true men to rise above its dark
 I level, possessing the energy of head and bear
 i j to demand freedom for their whole people
 f and congratulated myself and the cause, tha
 he now saw such men rising in all directions
 -1 the result of which, he knew, m jst be Um
 i downfall of slavery. Mr. Brown is one o
 1 the most earnest and interesting men that
 have met in a tong time. Mr. Washington k
 from Hartford, Connecticut, and is the sail*
 whose letter to the National Watchman las
 1 1 summer had the happy effect to put an end U
 i. the moat disagreeable and unprofitable coutro
 i; versy which existed between that paper am
 the Ram's Horn.” I found him an amiable
 j educated, and talented young man, thoroughly
 it imbued with the spirit of reform, aad de
 r) termined to labor for the elevation of hk
 nee. With a few such spirits as be, it wil
 be impossible to keep the colored people a
 this country long in their present condition.—
 Mr. Washington has determined to do all 1m
 can to sustain our national press. I am gist
 i to see the young men of our country eom»|
 i up to the work; the responsibility aadbuidet
 i must rest most heavily open them.
 The other member of our little eoafeteaa
 i at Springfield, was the wefi-known Editor o
 the Ram’s Horn”— as pnonlisr in his char
 aeter as in the name of lus paper aad who
 I though he Imn become hoary in the turn o
 i freedom, ia yet, in his spirit, aa height am
 i yaaay as the yimag—t I was aovry to laan
 frem him, that he was keeping the Ram’.
 Hava** afloat at oonaidmhla merifiee, am
 that ißaeaa, or aeythieg requiring ha
 i time, aaide from toe paper, even far i
 week, would interrupt its puhficalioo, if an
 cauac Ha anapanaion altogether. I dp haft
.torn tofarill tmt he tempted te pammwie in
 toe pabfimfaa of his paper to Ida awn mjtr/,
 aad cuatoer hamatof with an saabnmsmag
 debt. Whan a mae fads tool ha eaa*t
 mammd a p t yrisdem dmtolea that ha ahanld ha
 dawn. I should regret to mttoa M Ram’s
 Han’* disappear; but I should mush
 mors regret the &lt;ktocukies into which a aon
 paytng enterprise must inevitably run Ha pro
 jectacs. He can sever have s bettor opportu
 nity than now for quitting the field; for
 though he should qurt the field in form, he
 ■*°d not de so in fret; but perhaps aO this ia
 premature.
 I am to lecture ia Fsßriver to morrow eve
 ning, aad on Saturday m New Bedford. The
 latter is the only town ta which I have felt
 myself really at home uuoe I left tha South
 It was here I commenced my career aa a
 fir r mas. Oa its wharves I earned my firm
 dollar as a freeman. It waa here that 1 first
 enjoyed the privilege of making an agree
 mem to labor for so much mooey per day,
 without the presence of a slaveholder to die-
 Mte the terms, and to rob me of toe money.—
 It was here I assumed the responsibility of a
 husband and a father; and it was here that,
 less than seven yean ago, I went forth to ad
 vocate the cause of my brethren in bonds. I
 have many dear friends in New Bedford, and
 hope to have a profitable meeting among
 them. lam now in the midst of preparations
 for removing my family to Rochester, and
 write in great haste.
 Yours in the cause of Freedom,
 F. D.
PtTTsav rgh January 98, 1848.
 Du* Douglass Since I last wrote, 1
 nothing of interest has transpired. Anti-
 Slavery seems to be at a low ebb in this j
 county; at least if present appearances are n
 test of the reality. W« cannot get up a
 meeting of any considerable number here;
 nevertheless, the true and real friends of the
 slave stand firmly to their integity. Of such,
 there are many here, voters and non-voters; i
 (but few of the latter, and many of the for
 mer and strange and paradoxical as it may
 appear, though the friends of the cause are
 many, the cause itself suffers much.
 There is, as you know, quite s libera]
 feeling in this community; but the troth of
 the matter ia, that every man is such a real
 slave to his own business, that he has not
 time to devote to the suffering slave to man.
 Another influence appears to bear against
 the cause of Anti-Slavery in this region.—
 The Mississippi valley and its connecting riv
 ers, are but the train of communication, or
 the great telegraphic medium which binds
 Pittsburgh, Now Oilcans and St. Lotiis to
 gether in interest; merchants here, being in
 terested in trade, vessels and shipping houses
 there; families here being intermarried and
 consanguineously allied to families there, un
 til they have, although, in themselves, essen
 tially three, become but one. They doubt
 less now look upon themselves as one in
 three; hence the absence of Anti-Slavery
 action in Pittsburgh and Alleghany Co.
 The Legislature of Pennsylvania, although
 not as yet sufficiently enlightened to recommend
 an alteration of the Constitution, so as to
 amend the odious third clause, are beginning
 to exhibit germs of civilization, by talking
 about the death penalty, Sic. But while this
 is going on, faithful to the biddings of the
 South, some one of their number has intro
 duced a bill to prohibit a panting.fugitive from
 settling in Pennsylvania.
 The scheme, now freely and openly dis
 cussed, concerning the incorporation of Mexi
 co with the United States, is a project the
 most frightful and monstrous within the pale
 of human conception. And even Dr. Bailey,
 of the Era, and some others who call them
 selves Abolitionists, favor and contend for a
 consummation of this project. They argue
 that it will facilitate the overthrow of Ameri
 can Slavery, and forsooth, bring the Mexicans
 under a more settled and stable government.
 But what are the facts in the esse But
 a glance will suffice to show the fallacy and
 duplicity of this whole nefarious scheme.
 Mexico is peopled by ten millions of inhab
 itants but fifteen hundred thousand, or three
 twentieths of whom are whites, the test, sev
 enteen-twentieths, or seven and a half mill
 ions, are Indians and mixed eolors—from the
 black to the fairest quadroon. Aeeording to
 the Christian usages, laws and customs of
 this free republic, no colored person—that is
 to say, black, mulatto, or Indian—is eligible
 to the privileges secured to and enjoyed hy the
 whites. Such being the case, should this
 high-handed project succeed, while it might
 in reality speed the overthrow of slavery, as
 such, in the South, yet in doing so, would I
 bring with it degradation and servility to near-
 ty eight millions of freemen .heretofore enjoying
 the rights and privileges of a free aad equal
 people, common to all, of whatever origin;
 while but one and a half million would retain
 those rights, enjoyed in common heretofore by
 all! And this is whst we sre asked to sub
 scribe to! How superlatively devilish is this
 whole scheme! Nay, rather than this, Ist
 mil Mexico be engulfed in the honors of an
 earthquake
 President Polk is proving himself so abso
 lute monarch, hy his peremptory refusal to
 obey the National Legislature. But this is;
 all right. Let the slaveoerats go oa, and the
 pro slaveoerals at the North will learn, when j
 too late, their nu*4 egrrgrious error, ia hav-
 ing nothing to do with slavery.”
 .Colored People! we want more business
 men among ns; farmers, mechanics and;
 tradesmen. We must, in order to be reaped- j
 ed and gain our lost rights and privileges, use
 the ncniaeemuj and adequate to the ac
 complishment ef such a desirable end. Let
 oar people pat then children—firs* to school,
 next to trades. This mast be done.
 The North Star comes, to toe pleasure aad
 approbation ef aD who receive H. I am re
 eeiving many letters from toe Weal, ia which
 H hailed as a great beaeaa-hght, wherever
 ithae east its refulgence. I hope soon to ha
 oa my Western tour, and wish yoa to my to
 ear Western friends, tost thsyjnsy aB be
 rr"- 1 vimt. I aha# held at lea* ana
 masttaf every piece I go, if I eae get aa
 aatoceee, although I ahafl make my May navy
 my long akaae waa ewtog to mfifepaattiee to
 my family, whfeh tone lamfiMb pm
 ptM rn WRUftfy mfcewi) widi nugtiM,
tha hatoada nf a tender and Ltottsting
 child. Tea shell hear from am soon again.
 Tears, to behalf ef ear ifpinssnJ aad
 fi-a mfiie eeaetryam, R
ANTI-41 LA VERY MEETINGS#
 Cirrus Lanai Roman and J. Hath'
 awat, Agents sf the Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society, propone to held Ante-
 Slavery Meetings at toe foilowng placae:
 Geneva, Thun, aad Fri. Feb. 17 to If*
 Vienna, Sat. aad Band. ft to
 Farmington, Toes, aad Wad# ft to 91
 Palmyra, Thors, end Fri. 94 to 95-
 Wiibsmeou, Set. aad Sead. 96 to 97-
 Ontario, Moa. aad Taee. 98 to 99-
 The meetings will com area re on the after
 aopa of the first day, at 9 o’clock.
 /FREDERICK DOUGLASS has engaged
 to attend nearly all these seeding*. The
 Agents hope to have his aid at all of them-
 Friends of ton Slave! will yea eases to
 these meetings, prepared ta speak, to hear,
 end to act This nation is to toe and* of a
 mighty moral revolution—
 And tore y* chorea, oh, mj pfplr,
 to whom party J 9 sbsH aland,
 Ere the Dorns from its worn madef
 Shakes uk 6mt sqaia* oar lsndt’ r
 By bold, united, and decisive action, all
 may yet be well with our shve-enraed coun
 try. At any rate, we can discharge our duty„
 and thereby maintain our integrity. Angels
 can do no mnrjf and we should do no less.
 Means will be taken at the above meetings to
 secure the active co-operation of toe friends of
 the slave, during toe coming year. Never
 was there a more auspicious moment to strike
 a blow for freedom. Upward and onward!’*
 is the motto.
 The friends in the different localities are
 expected to make all necessary arrangements-
Western N. Y. Anti-Slavery Socirtv
 —The Committee will meet on Tuesday eve
 ning next, Feb. 15th, at the house of John
 Kedzie,No. 35, North Fitshugh st. Rochester
 Punctual attendance is requested.
 W. C. NELL,
 Rec. Sec.
State or Education in England. —At
 the last South Lancashire Assr/es, the calen
 der contains the names o. 104 prisoners, of
 whom only serin are set down as bring able
 read and write well; and twenty-five can do
 neither.
JET In merrie England,” not long since,
 a poor man was incarcerated for the* non-pay
 ment of five-pence church-rates! Verily, John
 Bull, you set a high value on the rights of
 the clergy
Abdication or Louis Philippic. —A let
 ter from Paris, published in the Morning
 Post, states that Louis Philippe will shoitiy
 abdicate the throne In favor of his grandson,
 the Count of Paris, that he may have the
 benefit of the experience of the Due do
 Nemours.
Improvement or Time. —The ladies attend
 the Court of Common Pleas, at Dedham,
 Maas., aad knit sway most industriously
 while they listen to the law proceedings.
Thanksgiving Extraordinary. —lt is
 said, that the Massachusetts regiment in
 Mexico, true to the custom of New England,
 kept up Thanksgiving.” Thanksgiving that
 they had been permitted to slay the Mexicans l
 Most noble regiment of heroes
 Are these your pranks—
 Ye murder men, and gie Gud thanks V*
ILr* Grace Greenwood is announced as the
 editor of the Lady’s Newspaper, published at
 Philadelphia.
lO* In our last number, in the article
 headed, A word to Objectors,” some of our
 readers may possibly have discovered a slight
 mistake. In that article it ia said, that Gen.
 Taylor proposed to the Senate the hunting of
 runaway slaves by bloodhounds. There is no
 evidence to show, that such is the case, or
 that it was ever the subject of any definite
 proposal before the senate. If it was, to some
 miscreant, other than Zachary Taylor, must
 be awaaded the infamy. The probability is„
 that the Southern slaveholders simply pro
 fited by his recommendation to adopt that me
 thod of hunting the Indians during the Sem
 inole war.
H7* Letter No. 1., on American Slavery,
 published last week, was from our Brooklyn
 correspondent.
H 7 The Mystery is of course rtlamtd
 in our exchange list.
lO* In future, we shall credit subsetibers
 to the amount of their money at par value.
 ID* We have received from Washington,
 Speech of John P. Hale os the Increase of
 the Army in Mexico 4 Mr. Tuck on tiit
 Reference uf the President m
 “John C.Calhoun oo the War with Mexico;’
 also Hon. Albert Gallatin document «u.
 Peace with Mexico. For all of hich we are
 indebted to Hon. John G. P-allrey.
Bewaek or Cowumif!*. New ami
 well executed Ten Ikillar B !ls on Cayegu
 County Bank and Cbeeromig 'anal Bank are
 a circulation. The L'tica Herald says, tha:
 the bills are admirably calculated to deceive.
TO CORREUFON IIE.NT9.
 T. .1., lhn»j»fcw|,OWo.—Lnsn of Nov. Si)
 January I*t and Mifc, »H r«oric«d. Ws bate t-i
 -wnrded s pnrknfo of oar •peebosn soaker.
 J. M. M.. PWksfelpkis.—Letter of Hmmry Slet
 meeived. Tho won slsdsd is had lose credit*'
 ood regnierty Moiled.
 N- F&lt; W., Borneo. Jeehss Coohitgo’e pop"*
 boro base ratwsid from WobhoM. Cm Uuj ho
 Misil.il
 M. D., Heeeoyo Fell Pspore bod boos s»»W
 to Pfcufcsd. Now al carnet.
 W. 11., Bartin Caotss, Ohio.--.Wo were adject
 so s but db—eat so bis meney. Ho is eiiditod to
 Naahar ML
 Fourier At Wefte, Now Yeefc.—Tbe paper bos
 busufdMjfadbd is Ws Fbr mu logic d Joorssi,
 per rrqoeot af Dec. U.
 ft. W. H., BSeeilje—We are not ie iah
 Si sod 4bh sobs eadeljr to boad.
 C. C., West IWobwy, oil find dee both awoken
 at the Besom Ftot OAoo.
 W. Mfcheoar. Dmanmih, Ohio, b bfnsd,
 dM bis papms boro base doomed, by mkm+o. to
 T. D. Cash, of Bat PM
"
