"Poetry.
SONG FOR THE TIMES.
 Hop*, broth*™ hop*' far tfrr Iwppfar «fa&gt;
 That p**r» diroojfc •h' dtrtant fhxm
 Think ixx the .«o-o«rt »h« rood pfa&gt;,
 For*»ec *fa»H hr r ,^w *i
 Lnee not ro«r faith the e&lt;wd awl the true—
 i&lt;* ■‘oothim »traHt;
 B«( brotlterp' hope that troor home* so lr»,
 May echo with mirth again!
 Morning may riee witli cloud* on hi* brow,
 Ami wrath in hi* fl;i*hinx eve—
 May mvl in it* (wry the oM oak bow,
 Ami ratter it* leave* on high;
 Hut hia anger abate*, a* time unrolls
 The day from hi* mighty roil;
 Then hope, brothers, hope! let it fill your aowls.
 To lighten your weary toil!
 Black F.nror may sit on hia blood-atained throne.
 And rule with a &lt;le*pot’* hand—
 Hi* kingdom nay reach from the furthest zone
 To our own dear native land;
 Hut the &lt;ia&gt; shall rorne when hi* broken shield
 Will rank ’inong the thing* that were;
 Tlwn hope, brothers, hope* to de*|»air ne’er yield
 I'is noMc to ho|ie ami to lieir!
 I or aare a* the prowl careering nitnl
 Hound* o’er the iron plain,
 And vie* with the whirlwind’* utmost speed,
 A* lie drag- on the joyous train
 Ami a* sure a* the wire, with electric tone,
 Hear* jieare on it* trembling wing.
 Mo sure will bright Truth ascend the throne;
 Then, Iwotbers, let’* hope and sing! R. K.
 From the Tribune.
 I MF. OLD CLOC K IN THE lIAL’,.
 BY R. H. STODDA RIJ.
 It stand* in a corner of the room,
 Hehiml tlie door, in the shade ami gloom,
 In a heavy and antique case,
 Rich mahogany, ample and oak,
 Battered ami scratched and dim with smoke,
 And tin l hand* are bent on tlie face!
 The knob and binge* are red with rust,
 Tlie top o’ tlie moulding* covered with dust.
 Tin- panuel* arc yellow with stains.
 And a ragged web, like a tattered [tall,
 Run* from its side to the sombre y all,
 And over the window panes.
 The |iendtiliim swing*, the wheels go round.
 Making a dull, monotonous sound,
 A* the vanishing moments fleet;
 A tick, like the falling of grains of sand,
 A* Time was pouring from*out his hand
 The dust of years at Ins feet!
 Y’ears have varnished—forgotten years—
 vVith all their sorrows and sins and tears,
 And left tiieir marks in tlie hall;
 The old have died, the young grown old—
 Generations have gone to mold.
 And the Clock survive* them all.
 Beautiful girls have watrhed the hours,
 Knitting at stands, or working flowers
 In frames of’broidery fine—
 And mornings, the young folks playing late,
 Wished the moments fettered to Eight,
 For the school began at Nine!]
 Mothers, with sons in distant land*,
 borrowing, chid its tardy hands,
 And dreamed of the meeting near—
 And wives whose husbands returned at night,
 Marked the time in the fading light,
 And listened lor footsteps near!
 Blushing brides at their toilets gay,
 In snowy rolies on the happy day,
 Have waited the hour to wed;
 And sick folks tossing on lieds of pain,
 Gazed at the Chick again and again,
 And watclied lieside the dead!
 But years have vanished, and olliers fill
 Their place, and the old Clock standeth still,
 Ticking as in its pride;
 Summer at.d winter, day and night,
 A &gt;e\	on chiming the hours’ flight,
 Tolling the knell of Time!
 From Douglas Jerrold’s Magazine.
 MAN WAS NOT MADE TO MOURN.
 Tlie re is a voice which haunts me still,
 Where’er on earth I be,
 In lonely vale, on lofty hill,
 Ami on tlie distant sea—
 I hear it in the silent night,
 And at the break of morn;
 And aye it crieth—lark or light,
 Man was not u a le to mourn!
 In every stream that seaward flows,
 That voice salutes mine ear;
 In every wind that round me blows,
 Its thrilling notes I hear;
 In every sound of Nature’s heart,
 The cheerful or forlorn,
 This ever liears the lietter part—
 Man was not made to inouru!
 The sun that glads the summer noon,
 Tl e light that blesseth all,
 The myriad stars, the quiet noon,
 The showers from lieaven that fall;
 '1 lie flowers which in our meadows grow,
 Our mountain paths adorn—
 All, all, in their own fashion show
 Man was not made to mourn!
 All Nature cries aloud—lmi inan
 Regard* not Nature’s voice;
 Pervertetli her benignant plan,
 Her workmanship destroys—
 From her fair l*»ok the lirightest |&gt;age
 With impious hau l is torn,
 Yet still she cries from age to age,
 Man was not made to mourn!
 O gentlest mother! may thy child
 Ere long thy lesson read;
 Emlaare thy precepts, loving, mild,’
 Thy fraternizing creed;
 Then shall the blessed end be known
 For which lie has been born,
 Aud all shall feel from zone to zone,
 Man was not made to mourn!
 THE AUTUMN LEAF.
 t»V HAS. MACK AY*
 Pauvrc feuille ilesecliee' tK i vas tu!— Arnault.
 Poor autumn leaf' down floating
 Upon tlie blusterin'.* gale;
 Tom from thy I tough,
 Where g.a-st thou o.&gt;w,
 Williered and shrunk and pale 7
 I go, thou sad inquirer,
 A* list tlie wind* to blow,
 Sear, sapless, lost,
 Anti tcm|«e*t-to*sed,
 1 go where all thing* go.
 The rude wind* lew tae onward
 A* suite th them, not me.
 O’er dale, o’er hill,
 Through good, through ill,
 A* d«*luiy l«car» thee
 What though for me one summer,
 Ami threescore for thy breath—
 I live my span,
 Thou ibme, poor man!
 And then adowa to death!
 Ami thus we go together j]
 For lofty a* thy lot,
 Ami iomdv mire,
 My fate i* thine,
 To die Slid b.. f&lt; fgot!"
Selections.
FrowAhe National Era.
 LORD BROUGHAM IN THE HOI HE
 OF LORDS.
 We enter The Crimson Cham
 ber.** The lions— Brougham, Grey,
 Wellington, Lvndburst, Melbourne— t
 are in their places. An exciting debate
 is going forward, which has taken
 rather a personal turn. Yonder is
 Brougham, stretched out half his length
 on one of the Ministerial benches; now
 listening to a clumsy Karl on the floor,
 whom he eyes with a portentous scowl;
 anon whispering a hurried word to the
 Peer at his elbow. What an ungainly
 figure! Those long legs and arms,
 loosely hung in their sockets, give him
 a slouching air. Human face could
 hardly look more ugly or intellectual.;
 His iron grey hair bristles over his
 forehead like the quills of the fretful 1
 porcupine. His restless eye peeps
 through eyebrows that seem alive w ith
 nerves. He must be agitated with the
 debate, for lie writhes as though his l
 red cushion were a- sheet of hot iron.
 He suddenly starts up. (w ho ever knew
 him to sit still five minutes?) walks with
 his long strides towards the door, and
 while chatting with the ladies, his tor
 mentor stops, and the ex-Chancellor
 cries, with startling emphasis, (less
 some one get the floor before him,)
 Mr. Lords’” and slowly advances to
 the table in front of the woolsack. An
 audible hush runs round the Chamber;
 for they had been anticipating are l
 from the mercurial Lord. Every whis
 per ceases, ami all eves are fixed on
 the towering intellect before them.
 The Peeresses leave their damask
 chairs, and approach the bar, to get a
 better view of the orator. Members of
 the House of Commons till now chat
 ting round the bar, lean foward in i
 silence. The loungers in the lobbies
 enter the hall, the word having passed
 out, Brougham is up!” The untitled
 spectators rise from tiieir seats on the
 carpet, where fatigue had sunk them,
 and stand on tiptoe, to catch every
 glance of the eye, and wave of tlie
 hand, of the scholar and statesman,
 whilst the crowded galleries forget their
 lassitude in listening to one whose
 name and fame are the property of
 mankind.
 But to the speech. Listen to that
 first sentence! How it plunges into
 the very centre of the subject. The
 first blow knocks the keystone from
 his last antagonist’s speech, and tum
 bles the whole structure on his affright
 ed head and shoulders. And the dandy
 young Lord, over in the corner, who,
 in the puny oration he recited so pretti
 ly an hour ago, went out of his way to
 sneer at Brougham—see the blood fly
 from his cheeks when his nice little
 piece of rhetoric comes rattling in bits
 round his ears. As the lion fixes his
 eye upon him, he would give his coronet
 and his curls if he "could sink into a
 nutshell. A fiery glance or two having
 witheredjhim, the monarch of the de
 bate grapples with worthier antagonists.
 —What a sweep does he give to the
 argument—what redundancy of facts—
 what fertility of illustration. How
 large the field of his comprehension—
 how exhaustless and varied its re
 sources. What execution is done by
 those long,drawn sentences, with pa
 renthesis within parenthesis, each a
 logical syllogism, or a home-thrust fact,
 or a blighting sarcasm, wound round
 and round his victims, till they are
 crushed in its folds! Great in matter,
 his speech is equally powerful in man
 ner; violating every law of rhetoric
 and oratory promulgated by the schools,
 he is a law unto himself—original, com
 manding, majestic.
 Brougham having castigated half a
 dozen of the Lords, spiritual and tem
 poral, to his heart’s content, took a
 seat at the Clerk’s table and began to
 write a letter, when the Chancellor
 (Cottenham) rose and commenced a
 conciliatory speech. His calm, slow,
 cool manner contrasted strongly with
 the tempest which had just passed over
 our head, reminding one of those dewy
 showers which follow smilingly in the
 trail of a dark cloud, after its thunder
 and lightning and torrents have raged
 and blazed and poured, and passed
 away.
 This great man lias been described
 so often, that not only his public history
 and mental character, but his personal
 peculiarities—yea, the nervous twitch
 ing of his eyebrows—are as familiar
 to Americans as to the reporters in the
 gallery of the house of Lords. As an
 orator or debater, he is sometimes
 1 compared to Webster. The very at
 i tempt is unjust to both. You might as
 well compare the repose of Lake Erie
 !to the thunder of Niagara. Each has
 his own sphere of greatness. The
 Bostonian rarely enters the arena of
 debate, unless clad in mail to his fin
 ger’s ends—a safe and strong debater.
 Not so the Londoner.—He sometimes
 rushes, sword in hand, without scab
 bard or shield, into the thickest of the
 fight, and gets sorely| galled. Little
 arrows do not pierce Webster, nor do
 ordinary occasions summon forth his
 heaviest weapons.—But Brougham,
 why he will light with anybody, and on
 any terms. The smallest Lilliput in
 the House can sting him into parox
 ysms w ith his i needle spear. But wo
 to the assailant!
 The bolt which annihilates the Earl
 of Musketo is equally heavy with that
 which strikes down the Duke of Wel
 lington. As a whole, Brougham is
 unlike any of our public rnen. Could
 we mix into one compound the several
 qualities ol Webster, Clay, and John
 Quincy Adams, and divide the mass
 into three parts, we might, by adding
 a strong tincture of John C. Calhoun,
 make three very good Henry Brou
 hains.
the world is improving.
 It is pleasant to re flect that the
 public mind of Kngland has softened
 while it has ripened, and that we have,
 in the course of ages, become not only
 a wiser, but also a kinder people. There
 is scarcely a page of the history or
 lighter iiteratuie of the seventeenth
 century which does not contain some
 proof that our ancestors were less hu
 mane than their posteritv. The disci
 pline of workshops, of schools, 01
 private families, though not more effi
 cient than at present, was infinitely
 harsher. Masters well-born and bred,
were in the habit of beating ibeir serv
 ant* Pedagogues knew no way of
 imparling knowledge bat by beating
 their pupils. Husbands, of decent
 station, were not ashamed to beat their
 wives. The implacability of hostile
 factions was such as we can scarcely
 conceive. Whigs were disposed to
 murmur because Straflbrd was suffered
 to die w ithout seeing his bowels burned
 before his face. Tories reviled and
 insulted Russell as his coach passed
 from the Tower to the scaffold in Lin
 coln's Inn Fields. As little mercy was
 shown by the populace to sufferers ot
 an humbler rank. If an offender was
 put in the pillory, it was well if be es
 caped with life from the shower of brick
 bats and paving-stones. If he was tied
 to the cart’s tail, the crowd passed
 round him, imploring the hangman to
 give it to the fellow well, and make
 him howl. Gentlemen arranged parties
 of pleasure to Bridewell on
 for the.purpose of seeing the wretched
 women who beat hemp there whipped.
 A man pressed to death for refusing to
 plead, a woman burned for coining,
 excited less sympathy Ilian is now felt,
 for a galled horse, or an over-driven
 ox. Fights, compared with which a
 boxing-match is a refined and humane
 spectacle, were among the favorite di
 versions of a large part of the town, j
 Multitudes gathered to sec gladiators
 hack each other to pieces with deadly
 weapons, aud shouted with delight when
 one of the combatants lost a linger or
 an eye. The prisons were hells on
 earth, seminaries of every crime and
 of every disease. At the assizes, the
 lean and yellow culprits brought with
 them from their cells to the dock an at
 mosphere of stench and pestilence
 which sometimes avenged them signally
 on bench, bar, and jury. But on all
 this misery society looked with profound
 indifference. Nowhere could be found
 that sensitive and restless compassion
 which has, in our time, extended a
 pow erful protection to the factory child,
 to the Hindoo widow, to the negro
 slave, which pries into the stores and
 water-casks of every emigrant ship,
 which winces at every lash laid on the
 back of a drunken soldier, which will
 not suffer the thief in the hulks to be
 ill-fed or over-worked, and which has
 repeatedly endeavored to save the life
 even of the murderer.— Macaulay's
 History.
LlTii II ARY/aUQUAINTAXUE
 SIIIP.
 Literary men seldom find their opin
 ions of each other improved, after be
 coming personally acquainted. One
 cause is that they, in common with the
 general w orld, when (hey do not per-|
 sonally know an author, are apt to
 consider him more than he really is,
 either in intellect, conversation, looks
 or manners, or all of these; because
 there is a species of halo which mag
 nifies and mystifies all the sons of mind
 and tame, and which even they cannot
 pierce, save by the divining rod of
 personal acquaintance. The natural
 result of this is a reversion of judgment
 to the opposite extreme. By near ap
 proach they see blemisnes in the man,
 and involuntarily associate them with
 his intellect. Imagination before made
 them exaggerate his deficiencies; for
 there is in the world little of that true
 philosophy which is not in a degree
 charmed, by outward show, into a
 false estimate of the man beneath. Vi
 cinity lessens veneration. When
 I curiosity is satisfied familiarity lessens
 ,our notice of merit and decreases res
 pect, A prophet has no honor in his
 I own land.”
 i Mind always creates respect; and
 therefore we are displeased and un
 i reasonably disappointed when we find
 it coupled with manners or looks less
 impressive. The more we admire the
 intellect, the greater our chagrin at
 [the blemishes associated with it in the
 j body; although by experience we gen
 erally find that the greatest men are
 tlie least comely, if not the least at
 tractive in manners and conversation.
 Herein we see the force and folly of
 human prejudices: prejudices which
 are excited in the most learned and
 I gifted minds, by empty appearances,
 against substantial worth. Let, there
 j fore, those who are tenacious of respect,
 and deficient in assumption, among the
 literati avoid their society and they will
 get their due. A powerful battery with
 a small force should never display its
 men.— Boston Museum.
A VISION OF THE PILLORY.
 Then I wandered to a famous spot.
 It was where, in-the olden time, the
 great grim men in power—who wore
 authority, as though authority should
 have the look and manners of an ogre,
 not of a sage—set up the pillory where
 in men were punished for having souls
 with more than proper daring and stub
 bornness of souls. Souls that would
 have their own opinions, as their mas
 ters had their own teeth; to digest for
 themselves, and not take in the spoon’s
 meat of power, with thankful looks for
 what was given them. And the bodies
 corrupted with these wicked and re
 bellious souls were placed in the pil
 lory—and approaching the spot, I
 bowed to the place; the martyr-field o.
 opinion. And—perhaps, it was that I
 was hungry, and with empty stomachs,
 men, they say, have sometimes wan
 dering heads, but iny son—(the reader,
 we trust, has not forgotten that Basil is
 all the while talking in this page by
 anticipation—compelled to do so by the
 tyranny of the quill, to his unborn boy
 Basil, junior —but my son, I winked,
 and when I looked again, there, indeed,
 was the pillory: but not the pillory of
 punishment; not the dry, meagre wood;
 the hungry flesh-devouring timber—,
 No: the blood that had run about it
 carried strauge virtue with it; a strange
 excellence, under the brooding wings
 of time. The naked wood imbibed the
 stream; and the bare pillory became
 leafy as laurel, and fruitful as the vine:
 the leaves of a strange sortj but undy
 mg; and filled with a sweet perfume
 that scented far around. And the fruit
 was of a curious, a delicious kind;
 bite and bite as you would, the lovely
 pulp returned, the wound healed; now
 bitten now whole. Well, my boy,
 having had my day-dream—my vision
 of the pillory—l learned to strive to
 look backward with thankful looks; 1
 learned to read the suffering of the man
 by the light of his time, and—with all
love far the living— to have gratitude
 for Um deed. We ere 100 ipt to bury
 our accounts along with our benefac
 tors; to enjoy the triumphs of others;
 as though they were the just property
 of ourselves. Now think against this,
 was another lesson—a lesson learned
 in the Place ofPiHorr—of my birth
 day.—Douglas Jcrola’i Mon mode of
 money.
A SHIP AMONG ICEBEMGS.
 i
 It is impossible to convey a correct 1
 idem of the beauty, the magnificence of
 the scenes in the Arctic Seas. Thou
 sands of the most grotesque, fanciful,
 and beautiful icebergs and icefields j
 surrounded us on all sides,{intersected
 by numerous serpentine canals, which
 glittered in Jhe sun (for the weather
 was fine all the time we were in the
 straits) like threads of silver twining
 round ruined palaces of crystal. The
 masses assumed every variety of form
 and size, and many of them bore such
 a striking resemblance to cathedrals,
 churches, columns, arches, and spires,
 that I could almost fancy we had been
 transported to one of the floating cities
 of fairyland. The rapid motion, too,
 of our ship, in what appeared a dead
 calm, added to the magical effect of the
 scene. A light but steady breeze urged
 her along with considerable velocity,
 through a maze of ponds and canals,
 which, from the immense quantity of
 ice that surrounded them, were calm
 and unruffled as the surface of a mill
 pond. Not a sound disturbed the de
 lightful stillness of nature, save the
 gentle rippling of the vessel’s bow as
 she sped on her way, or the occasional
 puffing of a lazy whale, awakened from
 a nap by our unceremonious intrusion
 iof his domains. Now and then, how
 j ever, iny reveries were disagreeably
 interrupted by the ship coming into
 sudden contact with huge lumps of ice.
 This happened occasionaly when we
 arrived at the termination of one of
 those natural canals through which we
 i passed, and found it necessary to force
 our way into the next. These con
 cussions were very severe, and even
 made the ship’s bell ring, but we heed
 ed this little, as the vessel was provided
 with huge blocks of timber on her bows,
 called ice-pieces, and was besdes built
 expressly for sailing in the northern
 seas. It only became annoying at
 I meal-times, when a spoonful of soup
 would sometimes make a little private
 excursion of its own over the shoulder
 of the owner instead of into his mouth.
 As we proceeded, the ice became more
 closely packed, and at last compelled
 uMo bore through it. The ship, how
 ever, was never altogether detained,
 1 though much retarded. I recollect,
 while thus surrounded, filling a bucket
 with water from a pool on the ice, to
 see whether it was fresh or not, as I
 had been rather sceptical upon this
 point. It was excellent, and might
 almost compete with the water from the
 famous spring of Crawley.—Ballan
 tyne's Hudson's Bay.
 The Return.— ln conversation with
 a friend ot the legal profession a few
 days since, we heard an anecdote re
 lated wich was one of the most for
 cible lessons on the general subject of
 war with which we have ever met. The
 son of aged parents went to the wars
 and left them to wait for his return.
 Their watch was a long and anxious
 one, and the night of their lonesome
 ness seemed to be continually growing
 darker. They trembled at every sound
 of joy, and turned pale at every roar of
 cannon, lest it might herald some nev'
 victory and consequent mourning.
 Month after month passed by with
 more of actual suffering to those old
 hearts than many war-makers bear in
 all their lives. They read with anxi
 ety the papers every day, and took a
 terrible interest in the extras which
 others bought with avidity and read
 with exclamations of joy. Worn out
 with painful expectation, the old man
 died, and the mother waited now alone
 the return of her son, or the news of
 his fall.
 We have always believed the boast
 ed fortitude of Roman mothers to have
 been fabulous. It was at least un
 natural that any woman should rejoice
 in the unnoticed fall of her nameless
 son, and comfort herself with the
 thoughts that he died for his country.
 If they were so callous, or shall we say
 patriotic, and were ready to see their
 sons brought home dead on their shield,
 or hear that they were left to slumber
 on fields where they had perished, we
 can only say that the days of such
 sacrifices have passed, and mothers
 are more womanly now.
 This mother waited long, and had the
 mournful joy of receiving at length the
 battered and useless body of her son,
 with but a remnant ef life in it, and
 what glory he, unknown among his
 thousand comrades, brought back from
 Mexico. Tending him with careful!
 affection for the few weeks that he
 survived, she at length gave him up to
 God. She is now alone, and her lone
 liness, her long days and sorrowful
 nights, must preach powerful sermons
 to men who know her history against
 the unrighteousness of war. —Journal
 of Commerce.
Curious Discovery.— A few days
 sin.ee, some men who were working
 upon our streets, broke a stone in two,
 in which was a beautiful purple flower,
 with some green leaves, as fresh in ap
 pearance, and as soft to the touch, as
 though it had been grown in a green
 house. How it came there, is a mys
 tery to us. The stone bad been in Our
 street for twelve years. But the flower
 was evidently in',the stone when quar
 ried. Perhaps it had been from time
 whereof the memory of man runneth
 not to ihe contrary; aye, for aught we
 know, it is an antedeluvian flower. Mr.
 S. S. Young says the flower resembles
 the Hibiscus species, but the leaf is
 more neaily the rose, hut it is not like
 any flower a native of this country, nor
 todeed like any exotic cultivated here.
 He adds, i( It most probably grew in
 the whole rock where it now is, but the
 rock mart have been earth when it
 grew.”— Eaton O.) Register.
To orriMD, rather than compromiae
 the truth, is far better than to compro
 mise the truth rather than to offend; to
 be driven to the first alternative is a
 misfortune simply, but to choose the
 bh is a crime.
3Uocrtiomcnto.
(■HrUM r»men*
 IDE’S Patent WW Wire Ofaau
 FWnr. The Fa™,—PuMsrare
 •eriker for hi* recent great iapm«HMMi at the 1
 •trortinu ami manufacture of Fir IP OtrtTfV »To«»;
 an improrraent so pnl as tocatacly iCTofotinniae
 tbr wfo*- system nf forming, Hr rwhriaf the expense
 &lt;*c-«a«f or mure. Wherever they bare hern intro
 •hired, lbr\ bare met the derided, approbation of
 armers, as the Ulowing certificate* from the intal
 ifrat aad practical foam whose names are
 Marked. abundant]* show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 Tbu ny cmifV that ae, the Subscribers, hare
 •een and tmed ttir Patent Wheel Ctahivatnr, invented
 by Narva* Ide, of Sbelbv, Orlran* Us&gt;., New
 aad believe it to be,'a* a labor-*a*ing ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it. a former can pot ta from tea to ifreea acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
 team lalwr; lie can ana sow it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that ft can le regulated to go any depth, by j
 means of screws on the ripper part of the machine,!
 aad thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidrdly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 die Farmer, anil as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to oar brother formers.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Medley,
 Gardner Berry James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., Aprif 23, 1848.
 We, tlic undersigned, purchase*! one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose 90 well, that we bare this Spring I
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the 1
 old plows; and tbe land peered by this Cultivator
 will vield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a king and elaborate des
 cription of tbe implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To lie fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No fanner who fully- understands his
 interest w ill be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buftalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where fanners are invited
 d mine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announciug to the public that they liave
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory- inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, w ith a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No/6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rnt
 l ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackicood’s Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 ||T he above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, ami
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinlxirgh
 edition.
 Tliey embrace the view s of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. “Black
 wood” and the London Quarterly” are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review” Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review” Radical. The North British Re
 view” is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, ami now since
 his death, lieing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated w ith Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary- rliaracter is of the very- highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of tlie four Reviews, S 3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Review s, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scriptiou for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood's Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall lie able to place Ow
 en tirr number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this ami oilier advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, fliat
 w e may lie compelled to raise tlie price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the price is low.”
 Remittances and communications should lie always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;
 Capital, §300,000 —Benjuinin W. Richard.-, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities amt endowment*, and accept trusts from in
 dividual-, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 ami execute tiieui agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of inooey in trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated period* to
 the insurance for life, andou the 2IKh of January
 bst, an addition was mail to all the policies for life,
 remaining in ibrce and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837; 7 per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide sawn of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the bem-tit of a anion, children, friend* or
 ere. liter*; ami it will be seen oa examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, ahu h will be
 furnished by subscriber to all who may feel an
 interest in the subject, that by paving a small -urn to
 the uftrt every year during his life, a person may se
 cure to his family a very considerable amount at his
 Wherever the sy stem of Life Insurance is properly
 understood, it is extensively adopted, ami its great
 advantages to all, but more especially to those who
 depend oa their own exertion* fee the support of their
 families, or who may tie desirious to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might he oth
 erwise uuaUe to accomplish, that the operation oft Or
 system i eds hut to be explained to etmre the scri
 ou* esmsideratioq of the public.
 la several instances it has happened that the party
 msmed has died shortly after having paid only one
 or two instalments of the premium, when his lamitv
 have received from this oAct the full amount for
 which he had insured.
 Full informal nu oa this important •object may he
 othaiaed by applying, personally or by fetter (pom
 paid) at die oferc of the subscriber, the authorised
 ages* of the Girard Life insurance Company.
 WILLIAM BA Ek WELL,
 Bake well’s Law Buildings,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
WM. 11. TOPP. Merrhaat Tsdur. MS BramL
 Alsu as ex team** assortment sf Cravats,
 Hosisry, Gloves, foe
 Afouuy, feb. 11, 1848.
PROSPECTTS
 Aaerlfta Mrtnatofiral Jtarial.
 o. s. fowler, editor.
 rj reform and perfect out wives ami omr race, i*
 the moat exalted of aH work*. Yet, do ibis we
 must uaderstaud the Human Constitmion. ibis
 Phrenology, Physiology and Vital Msfnfiinn etn
 brare, and eenrr cxp.und all tbr law* of our being,!
 condition* of happiness, and constitute the phifoso
 pkrr’a Hone of Universal Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each Dumber will contain either the analysis and
 location of some pin cm- logical fortihv, illustrated by t
 an Engraving, or an artical on their oomfrwai•**♦*:
 aad also the argamrats-n and character of some dto
 tingwishrd personage. accompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY I
 Health I- Lifr, Tl*- great instrtuweut of talent vir
 tue and happiness, ail «,f which it nngmrnts. To it* j
 preservation ami restoration,special attention will be
 given.
 magnetism.
 With prartiai iu.-tmetion, interesting facts, and
 choice truilis which it unfold*, will be prrsented in
 this Journal.
 YOU MO -MEN.
 Tlie Messing* they euj*&gt;y, the influence tliey can
 wield, and their piiraUun fiw Conducting otir iirsli
 l litmus, will form r|&gt;e tlx-mr of aperies of articles.
 self-improvement.
 W ho due* not I&gt;u;g oaniestly, ami wowki not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his natural powers, ami
 render him.,i-it I :t&gt;r and more happy To swell,
 each number will Is- a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS —invariably in advance—ONE 1H'1.1.-
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will
 sent GRA riB, wlen desired.
 To receive attention, letter* and order* must Ite
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOW LER WELLS*.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York j
 IinLLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fatdriowablri
 Yv lbs its and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand u good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 fait I to custom-made work,ly Messrs. Parker ami
 &gt;avis
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity nnd Hydropathy.
 THE public iirc respectfully informed, that sine*
 the philosophical deduction* of the learned I)r
 Means, of Emory Co He gr, Gn-&gt; aim! thejsoirntifie;
 experiments of Mr. lieinmer tif England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fart, lhal
 the conclusions at winch the tindersigneel arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 18-14. are in harmony wit!
 natural and physiological Laws—to wit, that th«
 human hotly, in a healthy condition, is in a jmmUh&lt;
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanation*
 from die cuticukir surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 reason to hn|tf, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent prut-tic*
 of the healing art, will cease their vnrilcratiom
 against the fositiv n.t r W it At. state of the
 human hotly, and will hesitate to tlissuatle thos*
 whom they have failetl to relieve of their complaints
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northawp
 tun Water Cur* Thus sustained by the ligh
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted ht-rt
 to repeat bis experience, that, in ail eases where tin
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient i&gt; beyond the power of wale
 to ntlord relief. Oil the other hand, when tin* part
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positivi
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to liopi
 for a rurr.
 Had not the results of past years’ prartin
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of tlte principles by which the undersigned i
 governed, in detecting tlte symptoms and charactc
 of disease, and practising tin- cure, the recent scien
 tifie demonstration of their correctness, by I’rofesso
 Means and Mr. llemnter, could not fail to convine
 j the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generousl
 awarded for his success ns a Hydropathic Practi
 j tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratiludi
 j evinced by those whom he has had tlte pleasure t&lt;
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned wil
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and inert
 I that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who ina
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi"
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton W ater Cure is pleasantly situ
 i ated near Hensonville, on tlte west bank of Lie kin&lt;
 j Water, or Mill River, about two and a half milei
 from the centre of tie town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlor's, bathing and dross*
 ing-roems, for Radios and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adapteducss to water-cure
 purposes, is iinsm passed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery i:i this
 vicinity is picture septe and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, suliicicntly retired, to
 allow water-cure .patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public; gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are lu re successfully
 treated, are Iteadarhe, tendency of blood to tin* head*,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, live r complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic intiammatiou of tlie trowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general d&lt; bilily, nervous and spinal
 attentions, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysip* las Imniors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortable s, three wroedlcu blankets, one or
 two linen anti tine cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms (hr tteatment and Imarel are* £5 50 to
 $8 50 pet week, jat able weekly washing extra.
 A patient who from cltoice or the character of his
 complaint, oe cupie s a room alone em the third floor,
 will pay 00 |**r week—on the tirst and s**ce&gt;n«l
 floors, ?8 50 per week, i'atieuts reeptiiing extra
 attention or tire in their results, (except for swalh
 ing purposes,) will furnish the-ir own nunes and fuel,
 or |tav an extra price.
 I). HIGGLES.
 K'/rthamptan, March 1 8-18
 N.B. Visitors to tlte* Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of tin* Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 alway s I** in readiness at the* .Northampton de |H&gt;l, 0
 convey the*in liiiiie*r.
'Hie human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the tinman system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating source- within—an excels generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticiilar surface, so rnal
 out of 356 experiments made liy Mr. Ilemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 die presence of positive electricity. This so, pin-age
 of tile fluid upon the scrC.ce, we believe to I* indis
 pensable to tlie liealthful condition of tl* wlmh
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee difiiiuiriied or ceases, di.-ea-ed action ensues.”
 Geoaddreas, delivered before the Medical College of
 **Brgia, at the ojs-ni ng of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, liy A. Menus, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Cheinistrv and Pharmacy, ami Professor of Physical
 Science In Emory College, Ga., jiage 25
ATHOL WATER CERE.
 T*IL Subscriber Legs leave to call tie attention
 X of Invalids, especially tlu.se suffering from
 chronic «ii«ea*e, to hi* hvdrofiaihic cstal.lisluueiit in
 Atiiol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent fa« ifi
 lies for aphilosophe aim! thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is übinidant, ami in
 pwilv has twen pro.unno.l e.joal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is 'pole eligible, being fail
 a short distance from lls? V. kM. railroad. 'Hie
 vicinity abound* in a variety of scenery, ami has
 charming grounds fur walks and ramble*. S w ti V
 with the water, au.iable reg.us*n, mountain air, ami
 e #Tr, *S patients rnn scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for w Unit they labor.
 Ihe following cast illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife- of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mas*., aged
 about thirty-five years, was la-ought to me last
 August, ller case pn-ented tlie following pheio
 mena. If placed iu 3n erect position, am) Uft un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, slw- made an
 effort to walk, eiiiicr foot, when carried forward,
 despite lief efforts to tlie Contrary n ould cross tin
 other, file had fesn in tins ouslitiun near!* a
 Ibt treatment ro.uuu-nred tlie I6tli ol .Sept
 and was continued to the 25th CM. only, when sis
 len, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with earn. Since iier return to her family, she
 iias continued her laths, with eorre«poud*nj( iu.
 provement to her health. She now attend* ttJ het
 doawatre duties, aisf with the awittaors of a su&gt;al&gt;
 girl, does the work of Iter family.
 Patient* are desired to bin; three comfortable*
 one pair of wooMrn blanket*, one pair of shee ts
 half a doaen towels marked, with old line* tor
 bandages.
 Term, from five to ten &lt;foliar* jiev week, accord
 i&lt;|C to the aucussitws or chone of the patteats.
 Ihrsie who are less particular in the selection &lt;A
 romra, or are willing to them iu comiuor
 w ith others, will he charged fe-s.
 Atfed, March, 1818. GBORGB HOYT.
 WASHINGTON '8 Dauuarriaa
FOfERT?:
 ITS ILLEGAL C’Af SFs AND LF.fi A L
 Cl RE
 t ITSiSUnt Sf«wtp„
 ."P* Aamn P lriot it—" A neatpwn.phlr, 0
 Vrr y
 V% hrthrr all tb* :wtn 'patron* f*f Mr. £tp** &gt;r¥ r
 nwmW by tb, fall adoption 0 f ht 9 4tfy
 m-r do not hero stop to enquire; Mw* heartily rom
 mrnt) hi* eodcavor to the notice of nil who fee*
 transparent forcible diction—intrepid lodepcn Jeore _
 original thought—and entire freedom fr» m ,p.„ r r
 of veel nr party. A* a judicial writer, he h.n .1 depth
 m CKmpM*, lor beyond any one whose product,..,
 have met Mar eTe in a long time."
 Hoot’# Merchant's Mtfviinr vls^md,
 1•" •'"ft"*" 1 thoughts. Tin* dlrg.il n f
 poverty are stated. and a minder of m&gt;p..,ti„&gt;' pr&lt;t&gt;,
 tnnom. bearing on the ‘ttbjrr, hid down ;ITV
 whole, we coasider it a work welt worth stm
 affording it it doe-, Many min,lk hint* :„,ho f;irr&lt;
 man are! political eeoo&gt;rru.»t.”
 The Bangor Gaxetl. say—-An able am) r. r ain
 Iv original work fnw the pen ~f lIwW s
 Kscj. author of that powerful honk h ,rh Vamnl
 Mr-ite* the anoor,solution dm ..f Ameriean a n
 There is no writer of tie logical.mam., m r
 searching than Spnom r.,' This ww w..ik
 i tin.'*! to lesid to a re- examination of ,«il fori. r
 terns of politjral economy." At tir*l blush I is,
 ixunical profHvsitMins strike us a* sustainable- ai ,i,,
 they are 00, hi. work will prevail, ami pm ,*e (il
 important revolution in tin- pn st nt pr rv a i
 fein.
 Even, one should read it.”
 lIEI.A MARMI, l*ul&gt;iislier, IV t&lt; n
 Part 1. Prire 25 I'• nts.
 Ip
 Man’s Vfffftafrif Extract
 Is the only remedy th;:t can be relied on ii r tie
 permanent cure ot Spasii .w'ie f'ontnirtii n&lt;, liriti-
 I tion of the Xerves. Nervous or Sick He o ache
 -Nervous Tremors, .Neuralgic Aftvtinw,
 Debility, Ih ti, icm-y of N.imiis and Physical F.nci
 gy, atvf all Nervous Disorders, including ti r most
 j drem.lul n| all diseases that .ifrct ibe I tiuiaii ace—•
 or Falling s'i'f.cv. Hvsterirn f its,
 Convulsions, Spasms, &amp;c it i« well known. that
 trom tinie immemorial. Physicians have prom ncni
 Epileptic Fits iiK-uralde. It ha* L,ffl«-d al their
 skill, and the toasted power f all mtdioii.'-, and
 consequently thotisamls have suffered through a mi--
 erable existence, and at last \ielde&lt;! up their l' -on
 tlie Altar of In*..&gt;ut v ._The proprietor of tlw ..t
 -able Extract, however, feels ro ih licacv in we,
 that it can Is- cured. ll*- would, llierelore, r -i.ii
 hilly invite physicians, and all others who an ntci.
 ested, to examine the testiim.ny w hieli is lu re •n
 Il it is deceptii n, let it Is- exposed hut if i is
 true, thee in the name of humanity, no lon;.ei t u
 Is- said tliat Fpiii s\ is inenralile.
 Ihart'* Vrpttulle Fit raft. For sixteen ir*,
 has Iss n test.-d l&gt;v many persons who have s' '.ti red
 with this dreadful dissase, and in even case s Vre
 it has Itad a fair tiial, has effected a pen,. .mil
 cure.
 Col. Densiow of Yonkers, New York.stati that
 his daughter has I*en afflicted with f its for‘mote
 than nine years, and has heen cured l&gt;\ the i ,i
 the Vegeta He Fxtract.
 Mrs. J. Hiadey 115 Orchard street. New V &gt;rh.
 stales that she has lieen suhjert to Fits for tain
 years, and has |xen restored f«» perfect health iftei
 every oilier iiiAiiim had failed) by the use oi the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Ilrtiwn, of Dover, liussell eo.,
 Alalatma, vvlio is one of the lest Plivsieians in tlie
 State, says that lie lias been mwli liem-fitted In tin
 list' ot the Aegetahle Extract, ami that he unhes.tat
 ingiy preserves it in every east- of I'.piltpsy wliieli
 comes under his
 Curtis &lt;i. Maylierry, Estp, formerly Postmaster
 at I/itne Mills, Craw lord Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., P;-., Hates that for many y-ars past he
 has been sorely afflicted w ith Fits, and lie is now
 happy tt&gt; state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart's
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound hi alth,
 being entirely freed from that w orst of all disease.’
 Judge Ran-’all, N. 156 Henry street, New .irk.
 having used the Vegetable Kxtiart suree-.-fiill\ m
 his family, highly tecominetuls it to all jiersoiis who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. ('has, 11. Houghton, a meinlier of his family has
 1 been so severely a 111 irted with I'pileptic Fils for
 J; many years, that lie was obliged to relin&lt;|iii-h his
 business. Having u.-ed Dr. Hart’s Vegetable f.x
 tr.ict (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 1 perfect health, and left this city for the State ot
 i Ohio to resume hi. business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Chiiren,
 Spotswooil, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty rears, states
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, ami
 i hi* health has lieen so lunch improved that lit hopes
 j by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Fjntrfhr Fit —For twonly-seven years anti six
 months, curetl by the use oi tiiis truly wonderful
 j medicine.
 Read the follow ing remai kahle case of the son i f
 Wnr. Secure, F.sq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, (d r
 i many anti France, consulting tlie most eminent
 I physicians, and expending tor medicine, medical
 treatment and adv ice three thou.-and dollars, ictiii m d
 with his son to this country in Novemlier last., with
 ,olll receiving any lient tit whatever, and was ruled
 by using Hurt'a Vrgttuble Fxtract. —l have spent
 j over three thousand dnlhiis for medicine ami meilnal
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I liist visited England,
 I consulted the most eminent plivsieians tin n m
 respect to his case; they examined him ami preseti-
 Is-d accordingly I remained lime thiee iiioii t.s
 without peiceiving any dmnge for the r, ul.ah
 cost me about two hundred and liftv dollar- pmP
 eted_by the physicians, and the un.st that I V) ,i
 was their ejiinion that mv son’s cast- was h&lt; t el,
 and POSITIVELY IN( I KAHLE. I acc.'du gdv
 h-lt England travelled through Scotland, (ierm.mv
 ami Fiance, ami returned home in the month
 Novemlier last, with my son as lar bom lieingcmeii
 as when 1 left, I saw your atlveitisem. nt in one f
 tlw- New Votk papers, and fonehafetl to liv llm's
 cgetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cutes, some of twenty m d
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am i ot
 sorry I did so, as by tlu- use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone lie was restored to |'FRFE« I
 HEALTH, lli* reason, which was so far gone as to
 unlit him lor business is entirely n.stoied, with tin
 prospect now lielore him of lile, health and usHul
 nes.s. He is now years of age. and 27 yeais b
 months of this time lias U-eii altlieled with tins
 most dreadful of diseases, but tltauk (b*l is im.h
 enjoying good liealtu.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don't below
 in. To say 1 shall be ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as 1 la-re enclose you one hundred dollar-,
 1 have no doubt I lit you will think this another in d
 quite a differ* nt thing, 'i'lie debt ol gratitude I -lil!
 owe you; but please accept this amount a« mtere-t
 tm Ik*-debt in advance.
 A ours, very resjiectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM BECOKE.
TpITI.MO.NY I PON TESTIMONY
 In reference to tin* atuiont miruruloti* oi
 hw truly Mournful roeHiiiue, nail tl,« lollop hik
 Inter from Dr. 1.. Monroe, of Guilford, r
 oik- of tlie inort eminent |&gt;hv»irian» in that place
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, IMti.
 Brother lais.rer in the cause of humanity Dear
 *tr: It m with is. small .iegre- of pleasure that I
 am enabled to announce to you the rompk I. triumph
 ol your inyalual.U- iiMHlkns- iu rax *of Ep.bp-y I
 have prcseribed it in four instance* in tin* Vi. In.lv,
 and it has lieea highly surcessfnl in all. Three b
 tin; patient*, 1 triot, Itavc Le*-r. r;idic.jiiy cured.
 I ftf-fourth one is rapidly improving, .m will, I
 think without doubt recover. I am ikK iu tia- habit
 of prescribing or reromineudiiig patent ukilmiiks,
 fait when l see an article w hie h promise* so much
 for th»* relief of suffering humanity, 1 feet R iy utv
 to recouiUMrn.l i», and 1 liave no fersiiatiiii in
 ing that as soon a* (lie faculty are fully anuaiinr. d
 with tlie real merit of your medicine, they will
 clow- tlieir eye* against prejudice and feud \ou a
 helping hand.
 I mlsM-rd*- myself yours, sincerely
 l.signedl 'W. L. MONkOE, M. I&gt;
 To Dr. S. Hart, New York.
THE TIME IS NOT FAR DIRT.4N'P
 Vlhen thousand. who are now Uemhiu.g n.si.r
 Uk- liami ol t 1... dreadful disease, ami fewr.ng tfol
 every attack may prove fetal, will fowl prrZos ..t
 rebel ami U; restored to
 lid*
 frUiXAUiI
 »M.R ONE THOUSAND CERT IFH’ATM
 Have l-xu received tenluoou, of Uk
 re«dl pcslueed by the me ol Hurt’. Vegeta
 ole Extract.
 (fje Prepare.] by R. HART, A|. D., N. York.
 I**kage ft W
 lfo fo*c packages U) t)u
 l”' !*TP mrk *K r tw
 u twrelully pucke.l up in for trims
 (sauttow, and semi u an* 6 „t Us- I u.lcl
 ex Mckico, umi We.t lislies.
 riIOMAS It MIL.M, Main street. Um
 UMiati, Ohm, Genet al Agents tor tls- I tiito
 o tales to wls.m all couuuunn adons waist be ad
 «fevv*d P.wt Paul.
 k D. Sands Corner of Fuhusi and II ilbam 8l
 New Y«jrk.
 H. D. Wade, Mam It St. Paul* R/rhr.uri
 t. liolwdge, 217 Mam street Palislo,
 H. k L. Cray ford, AgeuU liar Ufevehusi Ohio,
 ■ay k KilHsrume, Columbus,
 b b k b. II llik, Detroit, Mk lugau,
 M m. unnioghum, Millwaukic II is.
 J. R Hied, and Co., ITncago 111.
 Duct. T. Maui. Dutusp* lovra.
 11. lUacksley and Co., St. Lous* Mo.
 And for Safe In mnut of tbs pruuipwJ
 throughout the l iuwl States.
 THOMAS fo MILLS, 1«» Mam street.
 B«|&gt;- 22.—Jy 4 -p Ciadwmu.Ohm,
"
