"Notices.
FIFTEENTH ANNUAL MEETING
 or TBt
 IMERK AX A. 8. SOC'IETI. I
 The Fifteenth Anniversary of tbe'
 American Anu-S!avery Soetely will be held
 in the Tabernacle, Broadway, New York, on
 Tuesday the Bth dav of May next.
 The Anniversary at the Tabernacle repre
 sents to the country at large the progress, the
 efficiency, and even the existence, of the Anti-
 Slavery cause. It is hi vast numbers of peo
 ple the only sign of the continued zeal and
 spuit of the Abolitionists, whose local meet
 ings they never hear of.
 The Butines* Meetings of the Society
 have always brought together in connael a
 larger number of Abolitionists fr m various
 parts of the 'Northern States than is ever con
 vened on any other occasion. The general
 interests ot the cause command, at that time, j
 a consideration which at no other can be given
 them.
 It has never, since the formation of the
 society, been more apparent than at this mo
 ment, that the Anti-Slavery cause is left
 where it ever has been, in the hands of the
 members of the American Society. There is
 ss yet no reason to suppose that Slavery will
 ever be abolished except through its efforts.
 The genera) importance of the Annual
 Meeting, and the aspect of the cause at this
 moment, which gives us every thing to hope
 for if we persevere,-—everything to fear if
 we falter—appeal alike loudly to Abolitionists,
 all over the land, to make the ensuing Annual
 Meeting of the American Anti-Slavery Socie
 ty one that shall do more even than any pre
 vious one has done to drive the South to
 despair in defence of its felonious system of
 society, and the North to a more determined
 altitude than any portion of it has evei vet
 ventured to assume in defence of its own
 rights, and the assertion of the rights of the
 stave.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Prest.
 Wendell Phillips,
 S 11. Gay.
 Anti-Slavery Meetings.
 V redeimck Douglass will hold meetings
 as follows, commencing at
 Seneca Falls, Wednesday, April 4tii.
 Auburn, Thursday, sth.
 Skaneateles, Friday, 6th.
 Borodino, Sat. and Sun. 7&amp;8.
 Syracuse, Sunday, 9th.
 West Winfield, Wednesday, Hth.
 I he friends at the above places will please
 make anraugements for.meetings on the eve
 nings of the days named.
To be Remembered.
 The New York Observer publishes the re
 cent letter of Henry Clay on Slavery and
 Colonization, taking no exceptions to any of
 its inhuman suggestions and atrocious views.
 1 lie Christian Observatory, for April with its
 seven editors, (Nehemiah Adams, E. N.
 Kirk, E. Beecher, &amp;c.,) and backed up by
 l)r. W ouds, Prof. Stuait, and the other the
 ological oracles at Andover, is so delighted at
 the apjiearance of the letter oP this distin
 guished and influential statesman, as to ex
 claim— Slaveholding, that huge and inert
 inass ofopression, re at last decidedly tottering
 to its fall At last, forsooth! It takes Henry
 Clay to give slavery a staggering blow! And
 the way in which he does it is by remaining
 an incorrigible slaveholder himself—by deny
 ing the right of the slaves in Kentucky to their
 freedom, at any time, as inherent—by project
 ing a scheme of emancipation and expatriation
 as wicked, delusive and tyrannical, in princi
 ple and design, as was ever concocted in anv
 pit, with or without a bottom The Observa
 tory admits that *it may be true’ that his
 scheme is impracticable, and that it only illus
 trates the rigorous spirit of slaveholding; but
 it gives no opinion on that point. So much
 lor these evangelical organs, which seem to
 be organically incapable of the least moral
 discrimination whenever the case of the slave
 population is brought up for consideration.
 The Observer’ has no vision, and the Ob
 servatory’ has seven men on the look-out, who
 are stone blind.
 But the Observatory makes one concession
 1 slaveholding is oppression’—and oppres
 sion is hateful to God, and cwel to man. It
 is, then, to be put into the category of sins,
 in the abandonment of which tfiere should be
 nodelay. Very well. Now what w hould the
 Observatory say to a scheme for the abolition
 of idolatry in India, advocated on the same
 principles and plan as are embodied in the
 Letter ol Mr. Clay, in reference to the aboli
 tion of slavery in Kentucky? ‘We pause
 for a reply.’— LtUralor.
lin posture Exposed.
 i hare appeared, about tw o months since, in
 the Liberator, a statement headed ‘Beware of
 New Orleans!’and signed ‘John Caliis’ and;
 harlotte Caliis.’ Its purport was, that the
 fiid John and Charlotte shipped, in May,|
 1847, the first as cook, and the second as
 stewardess, on board tbe schooner ‘Comet,’
 at Baltimore, John Frisbv, master, bound for
 Tampico and New Orleans; that on tbe arrival
 of the vessel at the latter port, they were
 arrested by the proper authorities, aud alter
 the usual preliminaries .placed in the chain
 gang, chained together, where they continued
 for some mouths; that in March 1848 the man
 —John Caliis—was recognised dy Lieuten
 ant Carpenter of the United Staies Navy,
 under whom he had served on the pacific
 Station, in the frigate Constitution, in 1838;
 and that through the efl'oits ofthis gentleman, j
 both Caliis and his wife were released, and
 permitted to return to the north, It is further
 slated that the inability of the parties to li
 quidate their jail fees led to some delay, but
 thev at length shipped on board a vessel which 1
 made a voyage to Europe and returned to
 Now Orleans, where, alter being deprived of
 a their wages to satisfy their jail fees, they
 ojtauied a passage for Boston.
 This whole story is, no doubt, a fabrication.
 1 here is no lieutenant in the U. S. N. bv the
 name of Carpenter, but we learn from Capt.
 Carpenter who is no oouht reteired to, thaiht
 knows no man by the name of Caliis—that
 he was not in New Orleans in March 1858 i
 but at that time was stationed at Norfolk— J
 that he was not in the Constitution in 1838—
 and that when he served on board that ve»sel
 there was no such person as Caliis among
 her people. The man who has taken this 1
 name has probably been in new Orleans, and
 nerved under Capt. Carpenter, peihaps, in
 the Constitution, under a different name, hut
 further than that, we do not believe lus story
 to contain a word of truth. It was first told m
 Boston, where, as there was nothing im
 probable in it, it obtained credit, and the nar
 rator some money. He then came to New
 York, and met with the same sucees. He
 also pretends to be in possession of s largo a-
 Mouut of property in ibia city, which he was
 desirous that some careful friend should sell
 lor h;m, and re-invest the proceda. Such
 I roperiy we find does not exist; and Calhs,
 who felt at this office Ins address, both at his
 i- sidonee and at a store where, he had pro
 cured work, is not to be found. He is not
 known at either of those places. We do not
 !i"t&gt;iute, therefore, to denounce him ts an
 iin|/oaior, and state our reasons for thinking
 so, aud the maiu points ofth« story he tells,
 that the public may 1m on us guard.—Anti
 tSavery Standard.
THE NORTH STAR.
 ROCHESTER. MARCH 30,
•aments on Gertit talth’i Addrcaa,
 It will be remembered that Mr. Smifb
 referred us in last week's paper to this ad
 dreaa, for Ins news respecting the Consti
 tutionality of slavery and rmualljr aaid to
 us, Dispose of these, and if it shall the* be
 necessary, you shall have more. To us, the
 address is quite unsatisfactory and unsound.
 About what a government ought to be so far
 as relates to a crime like slavery, there is no
 difference of opinion between us. That it is
 the duty of a government to piotect the rights
 and liberties of its subjects, there is do ques
 tion and that that government which fails to
 do this is extremely guilty, there is equal
 agreement. What a government ought to
 do, is one thing; but not the thing germane to
 I the question at issue between Mr. Smith and
 ourselves. Thtt government ought to be
 just, merciful, holy, is granted. The ques
 tion is not, however, wbat a government
 ought to be, or to do, but what the govern
 ment of the United Stales is authorized to be,
 and to do, by the Constitution of the United
 States. The two questioss should be kept
 separate, that tbe simplest may undemand,
 as blending them only leads to confusion.
 It is because we hold civil government to be
 solemnly bound to protect the weak against
 ihe strong, the oppressed against the op
 pressor, the few against the many, and to
 secure the humblest subject in the full pos
 session of his rights of person and of pro
 perty, that we utterly abhor and repudiate
 this government and the Constitution as a
 dark and damning conspiracy against all the
 purposes of government. Both its framers
 and administrators were, and hav’e been until
 now, little better than a band of pirates.—
 We would make clean work of both the
 government and the Constitution, and not
 amend or force a new construction upon
 either, contradicted by the whole history of
 the nation; but would abolish both, and recon
 struct a Constitution and a government which
 shall better answer the ends of justice. To
 think ot g&lt; od government in a Lnion wtihj
 slaveholders, and under a Constitution framed:
 by slaveholders, the practical operation of,
 which for sixty years has been to strengthen,
 sustain and spread slavery, does seem to us
 delusive. We are not for mending old;
 clothes with new cloth, or putting new wine,
 into old bottles, but for starting afresh under j
 a new and higher light than out piratical
 fathers saw, and form a Constitution and go
 vernment which shall be so clear and explicit
 that no doubt can be entertained as to its
 minutest purposes.
 That this cannot be truthfully affirmed of
 our present Constitution, we need not insist
 upon at this time. Even our friend Smith
 virtually admits that it would be dangerous to
 leave the question of the slave’s redemption
 to be decided in the light of the Constitution.
 The “old tattered parchment” receives no
 great deference from him after all. Disdain
 ing it altogether, he says, Whatever may be
 said oj the lawfulness of slavery, government]
 must abolish it. If it have a. c
 under which it cannot abolish slavery, then it
 must override the Constitution, and abolish
 slavery. But ichether under or over Ihe Con
 stitution, it must abolish slavery We like
 this for its whole-souled devotion to a glorious
 object. It is revolutionary, and looks as much
 like the fanaticism of Wendell Phillips and
 William Lloyd Garrison, as if it had been
 cast in their mould. In plain terms, Mr.
 Smiih is for the abolition of slavery, whetheri
 in accordance with, or in violation of, the
 Constitution and while the declaration is
 worthy of his noble heart, we cannot think
 such of his head. The doctrine laid down in
 this declaration, runs through the whole ad
 dress, and gives it a vigor and warmth from
 beginning to end. We shall therefore express
 a few thoughts upon it.
 It will be seen that the doctrine in question
 makes the government superior to, and inde
 pendent of, the Constitution, which is the
 very charter of the government, and without
 which the government is nothing better than a
 lawless mob, acting without any other or
 higher authority than its own convictions or
 impulses as to what is right or wrong. If
 this doctrine be sound, it is a mere farce to
 have a written Constitution at all; for if the
 government can override and violate its Con
 stitution in one point, it may do so in all.—
 There is no limit, or safety, or certainty. If
 it can abolish slavery in violation of the Con
 stitution, because it conflicts with the motal
 sentiments of the majority, the same may be
 done in other cases for the same reason. All
 the safe-guards of that instrument, providing
 for its own interpretation and its own amend
 ment, are worthless and needless, if this doc
 trine be true, and government will merely be
 the voice of an ever-shifting majority, be that j
 good or evil.
 Among the causes which have convulsed
 and revolutionized Europe during the past
 year, none has been more prominent or ef
 fective than the want and tational desire of
 the people for Constitutional government—
 not an unwritten, but a written Constitu
 tion, accurately defining the powers of gov
 ernment. But these revolutions and Consti
 tutions would be a mere mockery, if govern
 ment has a character independent of, and
 powers superior to the Constitution creating'
 it. In the light of such doctrine, Constitu
 lions are impotent and useless, and not worth;
 the trouble of making them, to say nothing:
 of the blood and treasure expended in their j
 support. We bold tins doctrine to be radi
 cally unsound, (and although brought forward
 to promote a noble object,) its tendency
 immoral. We say to our triend Smith, and
 to all others who sympathize with bis views
 on this subject, If you profess to hold to the
 Constitution, maintain its provisions. If vou
 cannot, in accordance with your conscience,
 1 perform its requirements, or submit to its
 1 limitations, then we say, it in your plsin duty
 to come out from it, forsake it, repudiate it,
 abandon it, do anything rather than teem to
 be in harmony with an inatiument which you
 would set aside and destroy. Do not, for the
 sake of honesty and truth, solemnly swear to
 protect and defend an instrument which it m
 I your firm and settled purpose to disregard
 and violate in any one particular. Such a
 couise would unsettle all confidence, invert
 all the principles of trust snd reliance which
 bind society together, aid leave mankind to
 all the honors of anarchy, and all the contu-
•ioa of Babel. We bold in respect to this,
 as the a pottle held of old in res poet to soother
 Constitution—“ They that be under the law.
 are booed to do tbe things contained in tboj
 law.” Warepudiate the law,and the things'
 contained in it, while friend Smith holds to
 the law, hot makes h subject to tbe under
 standing of right. But, sayj Mr. Smith
 Civil Government is to protect rights; and
 that it might as well.be openly repudiating its
 faneuocts, and destroying its very existence,
 as to be giving countenance to searches after
 authorities for destroying rights. Laws,
 which interpiet, define, secure rights. Gov
 ernment is to respect: snd laws, which mis
 tskiogly, yet honestly, aim at ibis end, it is
 oot to despise. Bat laws, which axe enacted
 to destroy rights, it should trample under foot,
 —for, to say nothing worse of them, they are
 a gross insult upon it, inasmuch as they are
 a shameless attempt to torn it from good to
 evil, and from its just and Heaven-intended
 uses, to uses of a diametrically opposite char
 acter.
 Here again, the argument goes to the ex
 tent of assuming, that civil government in
 this country has a separate existence Irom
 the Constitution, and, as if the Constitution
 were not the supreme law of the land, and
 that the government can consistently over
 throw the Constitution whenever it shall think
 proper to do so. In answer to this state
 ment, it is enough to say that the government
 of tbe United States n limited in its powers
 and action by the Constitution, and that be
 yond those limits it cannot go, by any pre
 text whatever; and that the Supreme Court,
 the appointed agent to decide the meaning of
 that instrument, has only to decide a law to
 be unconstitutional, and it is null and void.—
 It may indeed be said, that the Supreme
 Court of tbe United States has no right to
 legalize what is unjust and in derogation or
 against human freedom but the answer is,
 that that is legal in this countrv which is
 Constitutional, and that the Supreme Court
 has no conscience above the Constitution ot
 the United States, and certainly no power to
 set that instrument aside, either by declaring
 it to be null and void, or wrest it from its true
 intent and meaning, by a class of rules un
 known and unsustained by a single precedent
 in this country.
 As to what Mr. Smith says of determining
 the meaning of the Constitution by its letter
 alone, and disregarding as utterly worthless
 the intentions of the framers of that instru
 ment, it may require consideration when he
 gives us some fixed and settled legal rules
 sustaining his views on this point. Such
 rules may exist, but we have not yet seen
 them and until we do, we shall continue to
 understand the Constitution not only in the
 light of its letter, but in view of its history,
 the meaning attached to it by its framers, the
 men who adopted it, and the circumstances
 in which it was adopted. We have not read
 law very extensively, but so far as we have
 read, we have found many rules of interpre
 tation favoring this mode of understanding the
 Constitution of the United States, and none
 against it, though there may be such.
 It can scarcely be necessary, after what we
 have already said, to spend much time upon
 the following extraordinary declaration of Mr.
 Smith, respecting the Constitution, in which
 he declares that it is drawn up with the
 intelligent and steadfast purpose of hav
 ing it serve and be forever fully and glori
 ously identified with the cause of liberty, re
 publicanism and equal rights, must of neces
 sity be shut against the claims and preten
 sions of slavery.” That it was drawn up
 with the purpose of serving the cause oi the
 white man’s liberty, is true; but that it wa.-
 meant to serve the cause of the black man’t
 liberty, is false. That a Constitution so
 drawn, must necessarily he shut against the
 claims of slavery, is an error. We are not
 deeply skilled in the science of human lan
 guage, and use language in the sense in whie)
 it is generally used, rather than scientifically,
 and we do know that Liberty, Republican
 ism, and Equal Rights,” words constantly or
 the lips of this nation, are deemed to b&lt;
 no more hostile to negro slavery, than the
 same words, when used by the Greeks, we»
 supposed to be against the enslavement of the
 Helots. Ours is not the business of a lexi
 cographer, but to receive the idea meant to
 be conveyed by the language of those who
 use it, and condemn or approve accordingly.
 In the letter of Mr. Smith which we pub
 lished last week, he assumes that the material
 thing for us to prove, in order to establish the
 wrongfulness of voting and acting under the
 United States Constitution, is, that the Fed
 eral Government has no right to abolish sla
 very under that insttumeßt. With all defer
 ence, we must say, we see no such necessity
 laid upon us. We might, for argument’s
 sake, grant all that Mr. Smith claims as to
 the power of the Federal Government to
 abolish slavery under the Constitution, and
 yet hold, as we certainly do hold, that it is
 wrong to vote and take office under the Con
 stitution. It is not enough that a man can
 demonstrate that his plan will abolish slavery,
 to satisfy us that his plan is the right and besi
 one lo he adopted. Slavery might be abol
 ished by the aid of a foreign arm but shall
 we therefore invoke that aid We might, to
 feed the hungry and clothe the naked, break
 into the house of Mr. Smith and steal tbe
 wherewithal to do these things, bat the ques
 tion of the rightfulness of such conduct would
 be still open. If there is one Christian prin
 ciple more firmly fixed in our heart than an
 other, it is this, that it is wrong to do evil
 that good may come and if there is ooe
 heresy more to be guarded against »G«n an.
 other, it is the doctrine that the end justifies
 the means. We say, therefore, that it ia not
 incumbent upon us to show that, by a forced
 and latitudinaiian construction of the Consti
 tution, Congress may not abolish slavery in
 all the slaveholding States, in order to estab
 lish the doctrine which we lay down and jus
 tify the course w hich we feel bound to pursue
 in regard to voting under the Constitution of
 tbe United States. It is enough for us to
 know that the Constitution requires of those
 who are parties to it to return tbe fugitive
 slave to the house of bondage, and to shoot
 down the slave if be rises to gain kis freedom,
 to justify us in repudiating and forever casting
 from us, as a covenant with Ame
 rican Constitution.
 Of course those who regard ffie Constitu
 tion in tbe light that Mr. Smith does, are
 bound by tbeir convictions of duty to pursue
 sa opposite course aod we candidly coo fees
 that, could we see tbe CoMtiieuoa as they
 do, we should not be alow is using tbs ballot
 box against tbe system of slavery, or urging
 others to do eo. But we heve leamdeMegh
of tbe dements of metal power, to know that
 man is lame, impotent, and won* than
 weak, when bu aeasee to regard Unclear
 convictions of tel understanding, In Mrom
 ptfoh anything, mo matter how desirable that
 thing may be. We shall tbetefcre continue
 to denounce tbe Constitution aad government
 of tbe United States ss s most foul sod
 bloody conspiracy against tbe rights of three
 millions of enslaved and imbruted* men for
 such is tbe conviction of our conscience in
 respect to both tbe Constitution and tbe gov
 ernment. Down with both, for it is not fit
 that either should exist n.
Tbe Florence Settlement
 We published last week s letter from Henry
 Bibb, ia opposition to this settlement; this
 week, we publish two others in its favor; and
 request all interested to read both sides. As to
 Mr. Bibb, however be mty err in regard
 to the motives of the projectors of this settle
 ment, he ought to be received as a disin
 terested witness. He hai no interest to serve;
 and although Mr. Myers may be perfectly
 correct in bis statements, it ia not to be for
 gotten that be ia a deeply interested party,
 and it cannot bat be expected that he will
 give quite as flattering accounts of the pros
 pects of tbe settlement as facts will bear him
 out in doing, if not a little more so.
 We, with many others, for a long time
 supposed that tbe Florence lands belonged to
 Gerrit Smith, and that Mr. Myers and others
 were merely acting as benefactors under him
 in getting these lands settled, and should
 have supposed so until now, had not the letter
 of Mr. Smith, published some weeks ago,
 undeceived us. It now appears that this land
 is owned by a company of persons, who,
 wishing to raise the price of their lands, and
 to increase their own wealth, use Mr. Myers
 to attract colored people in that direction. In
 this view, Mr. Myers is to be iegarded, and
 what lie has to say must be regarded in the
 light of what a man may be expected to say
 while acting as the agent of a company of
 land speculators.
 We are far from saying, that persons pur
 chasing lands and settling them under the
 superintendence of Mr. Myers, may not do
 well, but merely counsel them to act in the
 matter just as they would'do in any other
 mere business transaction.— f. d.
IFF Constant attendance upon our sick
 family the past week, must be our apology, if
 apology be needed, for the small amount of
 editorial matter in this week's number of the
 North Star. Our youngest son, between four
 and five years old, was attacked more than
 four weeks since with inflammation of the
 lungs, which was followed by typhus fever
 of a very malignant type. He is now but
 slowly recovering.— f. d.
American Civilization—Treatment of the
 Colored People in the IT. States.
 What can there be more attracting to a
 stranger —wbat can make a more lasting and
 frequently serious impression on a reflecting
 mind, than the conduct of children This
 should be a subject of every-day attention;
 we should be never too serious, too indus
 trious, too indulgent, nor too religious to
 attend to this important department of domes
 tic duty—attention to the manners and morals
 of our children.
 As the deportment of individuals is a char
 acteristic evidence of their breeding, so is the
 conduct of children generally observed as an
 evidence of the character of their parents or
 the family in which they are being brought
 up. And though it may be admitted, that
 contrary to every desire, example and pre
 cept, children have been known to depart from
 every prescribed restriction, and violate every
 domestic regulation. But there is nothing
 more common in American communities, than
 an open and flagrant violation of the most
 common civility, and every rule of good
 breeding and propriety.
 Remarkable indeed would be the circum
 stances, did history furnish the records of the
 ancients in ary quarter of the world, whose
 chiidten had been so indifferent to precept, so
 insensible to good breeding and propriety, as
 to have reviled, abused, and ridiculed strang
 ers, or any person passing in ttie streets, or
 along tbe public highways Vile and unciv
 ilized would have been considered such a
 people, although in a heathen age they may
 have lived, savage and incapable of self
 government would we consider them to have
 been, since the demeanor of the minor would
 be taken as an evidence of the ability of the
 major part of the population to rule and gov
 ern, or enforce authority. When, indeed,
 the arm of the law, or those in authority,
 whether in a government or family capacity,
 become so impotent as to lose control over
 those under their power, then is it full time
 that such regulations were abolished, and the
 combinations that established them abandoned
 as useless—yea, worthless and trifling
 As a remarkable instance of ihe wicked
 ness of a certain nation, holy writ informs us|
 of a number of children who mocked the
 Jewish prophet, by a simple reference to his
 bald head, which on his age. The
 character of Elijah we shall not here con
 sider, neither doe* the circumstance appear to
 be recorded on account of. the goodness or
 righteousness of the prophet, because as good
 men as he had been and did subsequently re
 ceive much worse treatment, personally, with
 far less evil consequences resulting to the
 miscreants. Daniel was cast into the den ot
 lions—the three Hebrew children into a fiery j
 furnace—St. Stephen stoned to deaih, and
 Paul beheaded. The latter circumstances
 appear to have been recorded as the evidence
 of misguidance and delusion, the former, per
 taining to the moeking of tbe prophet, sheer
 wickedness. As a chastening rebuke to the
 people. God smote their children.
 In no part of Europe are children known to
 dare insult persons as they prsa to the re- j
 verse of this, we believe to the roost of cilice
 and corporate towns, there are municipal law s j
 against it. We well remember a few years
 ago, when tbe foreign news reported that&lt;
 some children in a German town stoned aod i
 eest mod upon a Jew as he passed through I
 the streets, every American journal was re- i
 plete with the pathetic exclamation —Shame i
 and tbe unqufhfiH rebake of despotism, j
 tyranny, and semi-barbarism,” uniting, as it
 wars, in ooe voice, inviting the persecuted
 Jewa to the United States, where humanity,
 friendship, animation aod Christianity stood
 with open doors and extended arms, ready
 receive them, where lasait was unknown,
 “d abuse a stranger— a coenuy in which
 ■en’s rights am respected, guarded and pto
iMtad, tod kia p-rrra Mean froa the abuse
 of at ben. Did there exkt at present, aitber
 in Ana ot Africa, is the hln o t the oceaes,
 ot among the savages of North or Sooth
 Aaerica, a tribe or dan of heathen, whose
 children were bo utterly itfaidlesß of indi
 i ridual rights, inaeaaible to the detnaodo of
 i common humanity, ignorant of civil requisi
 tions, and so utterly leal to every aenM of
 propriety aa to abuse and blackguard person*
 passing among them, they would hear the
 aspect, in American eyes at least, aa being
 little if any leas than cannibals. Indeed, we
 know of no tribe of heathen, however
 age, who will permit personal abuse and in
 sult, especially by their children, even to the
 enemy wbotn they seek to slay.
 How stand Americas children when com
 pared with thuee of the ancient heathen and
 modern savage! Rather should v.e have
 nid, How stand Americana when compared
 with these for we affirm that the conduct of
 the children ic geneial it a type of the general
 character of certain communities of people.
 In a word, Aa the old fowls crow, the
 young ones learn Like people, like
 children.”
 Never were there Greek, Jew, or Bar
 barian,” in any age or part of the world, who
 as a whole, and in such round and general
 terms, so constantly and incessantly— under
 all and every circumstance, whether bond oi
 free—among stnners and saints— under the
 iufluence of church and State, law and gos
 pel—no, none, who have suffered the un
 sparing, relentless, unmitigating, overbearing
 heaven-daring and God-defying insult and
 persecution of the American colored people,
 whether North or South. And this tirade of
 infamy appears to be fostered specifically by
 all classes of whites, a number of honorable
 and most excellent exceptions, which it would
 be a gross injustice not to make, to be found
 in every community but we say distinctly,
 that these are by far the smallest number of
 such communities.
 Not a place is there in the United States of
 America, whether city, town, village, or
 hamlet, in which a colored person resides or
 has ever been, or may go, that they are not
 1 continually subject to the abuse, more or
 less, of the whites—if not adults, the child
 ren faithfully keep up the persecution. And
 though at times this abuse may not be cor
 poreal or physical, yet it is at all times an
 abuse of the feelings, which in itself is a
 blasting outrage on humanity, and insufferable
 to the better senses of man and womanhood.
 There is no place too high, nor none so
 low—no occupation so respectable, nor none
 too dignified—no calling too sacred, nor none
 so eminent, but what may emanate from those
 who fill them, or their children, those infa
 mous attacks and overbearing insults to col
 ored people.
 Do colored men or women pass a work
 shop or factory, should their eye casually be
 turned toward the establishment, instantly is
 there a dozen of abusive, insulting, and fre
 quently obscene epithets hurled after them,
 continuing at times as long as the ear is within
 the reach of sound.
 Should they perchance be passing a school
 house, whether a common school or academy,
 and tho pupils out of the house, such colored
 men or women, if observed by them, imme
 diately become the subject of attack, the
 sport and toy of those school-boys and girls,
 so long as they continue within sight and
 hearing of them. Are they passing a com
 pany of white men and women, ten chances
 to one (though their appearance may be-:
 tray one into the impression that they are
 ladies and gentlemen) if there is not a sneer
 ox snigger, with characteristic accompanying
 remarks, full in one's face, regardless of their
 feelings or sense of the pitiable vulgarity
 practised upon them. Does a colored female
 entei a store, and, (in many instances,) the
 salesmen will look at each other and snigger
 and ridicule before they come forward to
 attend to her intended purchase. Merchants,
 lawyers, judges, honorable members of
 Legislatures and members of Congress, all
 have been, and ate continually criminating
 themselves in the vulgar and heathenish out
 rage of torturing colored people with abusive:
 epithets, and uncivilized, mean and despicable'
 treatment, either by word or act, especially
 should they pass them in a thronged thorough- j
 fare—er.ter a church, exhibition, public as
 semblage, stage-coachrailroad car, or the'
 saloon-cabin of a vessel or steamboat. 1
 Though we have made the necessary, and
 some very excellent exceptions to these de-;
 clarations, yet we mean and strictly desire it
 to be understood, that among all and every!
 class of American white society, these ont-i
 rages—for such they are—are common,what- 1
 ever the character, or however genteel and!
 respectable the colored persona tow ards whom
 they are perpetrated. Frequently atone and
 brickbat accompany the abuse, and this, too,
 without the least provocation, and for no other*
 cause than the fact of their being a degraded
 and submissive people, and consequently
 arising from ages of servitude and subjection,)
 slow and diffident at resentment.
 The American people are remarkable for:
 their readiness and aptitude in the persecu-!
 tion of those weaker in numbers and means!
 than themselves and it might be thooght by 1
 this time they had satiated their most rora
 eious gluttony by outrages upon their colored
 inhabitants, both bond and free; but it ap- 1
 pears that the bitter cup of their fearful ini- 1
 quity is not yet full. Great God! and when
 shall it reach the brim!
 Hard may ji appear, indeed, at a superficial
 view, to see American thus bearing record::
 against his countrymen, especially in a journal
 that is more extensively read in Europe than
 any other American newspaper, but be that j
 as it may, we are determined to bear faithful
 witness against the enormities daily perpe
 trated against an outraged people, of whom
 we are a member. Even from the doors and
 windows of private bouses, sources from
 w hence good breeding at least might be ex
 pected to emanate, those from whose names
 and standing in community better things
 should be expected, frequently emerge those
 moral riots and eml outrages upon a bumbled
 and already 100-submissive people. Where
 the adults fail, the children, true to their
 education, fully make ap the deficiency.—
 Engaged intensely as they may be at their
 ioaocent sport* and playful gambols, they are
 never too busy to notice and hurl forth their
 monied abuse at a nigger/* aa he or she
 passes along/* frequently accompanied by a
 missile. So accustomed are we to these in
 fomoea outrages is all pane of.the United
Bif, (a fcw pUe— aatptad.) ttret we
 expert tkem mod receive them almost m a
 Matter of course Tbeee ektrges are tree to
 the letter, and only require the interrogation
 of any intelligent colored parson to confirm
 their truthfulness.
 We Mpeat—as we have done in the fore
 going pin of this article—that there ire
 thoae good Americana whose are utterly op
 posed to this civil outrage and Christian in
 famy, even these who make no professions to
 what is termed abolitionism; many liberal
 editors of different parties have manfully
 stepped forth and boldly and freely spoken out
 against these impositions, ably defending the
 eaoae of oppressed humanity hot these are
 few, comparatively, and Itst they be charged
 with “fanaticism," may only speak out when
 aooe aggravated outrage is committed, auch
 as to call forth the indignation of public cen
 sure. It is the colored people who daily
 witneae and experience these moral stabs and
 civil assassinations, perpetrated in so quiet
 and mild a manner, eompatatively, that they
 are not the subject of public attention, and
 only become so when the outrage is of such a
 nature as to become the subject of legal com
 plaint, when, to be which, it must be recog
 nized by the law as a penal offence. Did the
 colored people or their children, anywhere m
 the world, exhibit such continued evidences
 of moral baseness, it would be charged against
 them as the strongest proof of their insus
 ceptibility of an elevated civilization. Can;
 Americans, as such, lay claim 10 civilization
 Until these outrages cease in the North, the:
 South may laugh to scorn the opposition that
 hails from this direction.
 If there were justification in sending forth 1
 two she bears to slay two score and upw-ards
 of children for their wickedness mi mocking,
 an old man because of the baldness of his
 head, what must a nation deserve who op
 press, enslave, and continually commit the
 most aggravating, insulting, and unmitigated
 outrages upon millions, and endeavor to jus
 tify themselves because of their color It is
 time that the voice of outraged humanity—
 high time that it was raised against this intol
 erable crusade against our rights, and insuf
 ferable rioting against liberty recklessly
 trampling under foot our most delicate sensi
 bility, and cherished sense of propriety.—
 What I have written. I have written.”—
 The weight of a nation grind us in the dust,
 and we dare make the effoit to cast it off.—
 There appears to lie a fixed determination on
 the part of our oppressors in this country, to
 destroy every vestige of self-respect, self
 poesession, and manly independence left in
 the colored people; and when all things else
 have failed, or may be inconvenient, a resort
 to brow-beating, bully-ragging, and ridicule
 is at once and at all times had. This appears
 to be simultaneous in all parts of the country,
 and to have been disseminated and instilled by
 magic power. Its establishment is the most
 complete—its designs we ccjse and defy.
 Be thou like the first apostle
 Be thou like heroic Paul;
 If a free thought seek expression.
 Speak it boldly— sjeak it ail!
 Face thine enemies—accusers—
 Scorn the prison, rack or rod;
 And if thou bast truth to utter.
 Speak, and leave the rest to God.” m. r. d.
The Scalpel.
 We have been favored with the March
 number of a journal under this not very en
 ticing title, devoted to the subject of health,
 and the exposure of quackery. It is edited
 i by Edward H. Dixon, M.D., and published
 in New York city. The editor delves away
 in the Augean stable of medical abominations
 with a vigorous hand and a clear head. He
 is an aliopathist; but, to use the phrase of a
 brother M.D., has little faith in physic.”
 Nor will any one be surprised at this, who
 has had even very limited opportunities of
 discovering the guess-wotk, unscientific, and
 contradictory character of medical practice.
 He believes more in the curative powers of
 Nature, than in the curative properties of
 physic, if the following motto, which appears
 on the cover of the book, may be understood
 to be an expression of his sentiments—
 Nature is ever busy, by the silent opera
 tion of her own Ibices, endeavonng to cure
 disease. Her medicines are, air, warmth,
 food, water and sleep. Their use is directed
 by instinct; and that man is most worthy the
 name of physician, who most reveres its un
 erring laws."
 The journal is written in a popular style.
 Technical terms, with which most medical
 men are wont to puzzle and mistily their
 readers, are generally avoided, and the sub
 ject of disease and its remedy, is, as it ought
 to be, brought down to the common compre
 hension. If space permitted, I might give a
 long extract from this book. Readers would
 doubtless find such extract both interesting
 and instructive. As it is, 1 must content
 myself with a paragraph or two from the
 leading article—“ Who shall guard the shep
 herds
 “The universal acceptance of the present
 enervating and degrading system of education,
 both physical and mental, with the lamentable
 determination of our people to mumc all the
 follies of ihe jaded circles of foreign fashion,
 to the utter exclusion of almost every rational
 pursuit, will, we fear, effectually prevent the
 present generation from attaining that knowl
 edge of the laws of general nature, and their
 influence on living bodies, ever to comprehend
 that medicine is given to U*or the action of
 those laws in curing disease. They will
 continue to look to the drug that they swallow
 as capable, by virtue ofns own specific power,
 to add or subtract what may be needful or re
 dundant m their systems least of all, will
 they discover those frequent functional de
 rangements brought on by the operation of the
 mind. Sympathetic derangements, indeed,
 whether from functional or oiganic cause,
 must ever remain a sealed book to them; for
 such troths require the-possession of accurate
 medical knowledge. Thus circumstanced it
 becomes us to endeavor to check the progress
 of quackery, by patiently explaining, wab the
 aid of some simple illustrations from nature,
 the healthy exercise of the functions, snd a
 well cboeen example of their derangement,
 with the mode of recovery, when medicine or
 regimeo has favored a natural law in remov
 ing the disease. This course will often save
 the patient from the bands of the quack; and
 i! it shook! do so, tbe physician has, at least,
 the pleasing consciousness of having done bis
 duty. What we have to say respecting out
 treatment by seniors ia, tbat it is not to be
 met paamvely. There a dignity io plain
 troth that will often abash tbe narrow-minded
 and false, and he that avails bimatlf of h
 without anger, arms himself with a 'potent
 weapoo, that cannot he sullied by falsehood
 or hypoaiay.
 It waa not long since tbe profession was
 disgraced by two or three individuals actual!)
 offering for sale the diplomas of a college u,
 he emoted somewhere in the wtlde of Indiana.
 The price wae twenty-five dollars, and, as
may le supposed, they were not without pur
 chasers. Among other*. a well-known
 mountebank who used to amuse the public by
 craw Imp into a hot oven, dignified his intellec
 tual brows with the honorable appendage of
 medical character. Nothing rouid present a
 more gran tying evidence of the courtesy of
 these gentleman, who looked forward to pro
 fessorships m ibc new college, than the fact
 that this diploma waa granted, not only before
 the student had been enlightened by their in
 struction, but they kindly consented in some
 business comm u mean or 9 with their new gra
 duate, a npe scholar, to receive his mark m
 stead of his name
 This will suffice to gi»e some idea of the
 style and spinf of the “Scalpel.” It ap
 pears in the form of a monthly but ths
 editor says he will discontinue it when he
 finds it a losing concern, or has nothing more
 to say.” The future numbers, he they many
 or few, will doubtles* be worth haring.—j d
 Woam cr Slack Profeutv. Senator
 Johnson, of Georgia, in ihe course of a de
 bale in the U. S. S&lt;na c, on the 28ih uli.,
 stated the eauroated valuation of property in
 slaves at the sum of ten hundred miilions of
 dollars.
 The above paragraph is going the round ot
 the pies*. It shows whut is the estimated
 value of three millions of human beings. If
 the value of three millions cau be given in
 dollais, of course the value of nine hundred
 millions—the entire population of the globe.
 Senator Johnson among tne number, can bo
 given also. A good arithmetician lias hete a
 key whereby he might compute how much of
 the California gold would buy up the entire
 human family. Said Moses—“ The land
 shall not he sold for ever;” but it thus ap
 pears, that man, to whom the land was given,
 may be sold for so much yellow metal dug
 from the land. I,et no one henceforth speak
 of man having dominion over the earth and
 all things therein” tor a few tons of gold are
 equal to buy up not only his right to the land,
 but bis right to himself.— j. u.
 Ihe North Star.— We have not seeu
 this paper, so ably edited by Frederick Doug
 lass, for a long lime. We cannot do without
 it. The North Star must keep its place in
 the newspaper heavens, till every slave m
 free. Thinking of this matter, we turned to
 to our list of exchanges, and were greatly
 surprised to find that by some accident unac
 countable, the Star was found stricken from
 our books. F.xcuse us, Fred, and when ihe
 tree Soil party shall nominate candidates for
 President and Vice President in ’52, you
 shall be remembered. By that time, we hope
 you will so tar get over your constitutional
 scruples, as to accept the nomination for Vice
 President at least,— Providence IYansctipt.
 It is intended that the North Star shall
 keep its place in the newspaper heavens,”
 shedding what amount of light it is capable
 on the path to Freedom. By the help of
 our friends it will be kept there. We eel
 satisfied (and this is not said in a spirit of
 self-praise, but in sober earnest,) that no
 agency ever has been put in operation better
 calculated to hasten the freedom of the slave
 and the elevation to equal rights of the free
 colored man, than the North Star. The
 proof ot this must be obvious to every one
 who takes the trouble to consider. The
 paper will be sent hereafter.— j. d.
Taylor Free Soilism.
 During the Presidential campaign, it will
 be recollected how the Wbig press endeavored
 to dupe the public into a belief that General
 Taylor was in favor of free soil, and would
 undoubtably call to his counsels, a Free Soil
 Cabinet. See how beautifully this prediction
 has been been verified! Reverdy Johnson,
 now Attorney General, delivered a speech in
 the Senate, on the last week of the Session,
 from which the following is an extract. Read
 it and blush, ye Free Soil Taylor Whigs; or
 if ye will not, confess that all your professions
 about Gen. Taylor’s regard for fteedom, were
 put forth, as everybody now knows they were,
 as a trap to catch votes. This extract shows
 at least one member of the cabinet to be a
 determined and hardened slaveholder—not
 only in favor of the perpetuation of slavery
 where it is, but in favor of extending the curse
 to territories now fiee. Slavery is the ruling
 principle of this nation snd until it is abol
 ished, it will and must override all opposition.
 Hear Reverdy Johnson.—j. d.
 “The spirit of abolition is like the fabled h\-
 dra you may cut off one of his heads, but the
 loathsome slimy serpent still exists, and u
 eternally hissing and throwing out his thou
 sand forked tongues to insult and annoy us
 Sir, the account between the North and South
 is long and heavy. We have just reached
 that |K&gt;int wlieh the harmony of the Union
 and the safety of the South require a “settle
 ment in full.” All the heads of the hydra
 must be cut off, and the wounds seared with
 red hot iron, else he will yet live, and infuse
 his deadly poison into every vein and artery of
 the body politic. No mere legislative expe
 dient will settle the question of slavery. It
 can only be done by all parties, in the spirit of
 patriotism, taking their stand firmly on the
 constitution. L*?t the North do nothing which
 it forbids, in word or spirit; and let the South,
 as one man, resolve to submit to nothing that
 violates its sacred guaranties. Tine will give
 quiet to the country, and bind the Union in
 bonds of adamant.
 The South is sought to be placed in the al
 titude ot factious opposition to the organiza
 tion of these new ly-acquired territories, on the
 ground that their climate, soil, and productions
 are unsuited to ihe employment of slave labor.
 I shall not consider at length the geographical
 position and features of our Pacific posses
 sions. It is certainly true that much the largei
 portion of them is unfit for the cultivation of
 rice, cotton, sugar, ami tobacco. Ils surface
 is marred by immense ranges of mountains
 and trickles deserts, unfit for the habitation of
 man. But wrbo will deny that slave labor can
 be profitably employed in workiug the gold
 mines of California T It is cheaper, because
 it the owner nothing but the food and
 clotnmg of km opera lives and the negro far
 excels the white man in capacity to endure
 exposure to a scorching aun, drenching rains,
 and the hardships peculiarly incident to the
 business of mining. Besides, there is a con
 •iderable portion of those teintones—enough
 for the formation of three States of average di
 mensions—which lies south of the parallel of
 3«deg. 30 mm., known as the line of the
 Missouri compromise. The other States of
 this Union which lie south of that line are
 S a Arkansas, Tennes
 aee, and North Carotins, which lie immedi
 ately adjacent to that line. Dp they not pro
 fitabjr employ slave labor! Further south
 are Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama,
 Georgia and booth Carolina. In all these
 butee cotton constitutes the staple product of
 agriculture, and in several of them nee snd
 ire n l advantageously cultivated.
 Ihe southern parts of California and New
 J*? 1 0 i* n e inc eastern and western
 **’aMade. Why theu will they not
 &gt;i* .&lt;1 the same agricultural products, and con
 sequently affbrd profitable employment fo
 TC Bir, it is all a mistake. A large
 portion of our Pacific territories is suited to
 slavery and J will add that no kind of labor
 will develop so rapidly its wnmenae resources
 *nd prepare it for the abode of enterprise and
 elevated civilisation. Let not the Sooth lose
 tight of these facta. Let her not be decoyed
 .ran vigilance over her rights, or charmed taw
"
