"insensibility to legislative aggression, by ibe
 avion song, that these territories ire not
 adapted to slavery They ere adapted in h*
 ail it the Soatli will untied in demanding
 justice at tb*» hands of Congress if she will
 be immovable in insisting that the door of un
 r »-.tncted emigration fro.n all quarters of the
 U tun shall hj thrown wide open if she will
 maintain, at ali hoards, the doetnse of non
 interference by (xmgreiu, there etn be no
 question that slavery will find its way to New
 M xieo an! California and that the will yet
 reap Iter share of the fruits ot the common
 blood and treasure which were expended in
 their acquisition."
The Model Republic.
 An English Barrister-at-law has been pay
 ing a visit to this country, and has given ai
 account of what he saw and heard, in ih&lt;
 form of a book entitled, the Western World
 or Travels in the United States, in 1046 —7.'
 Amongst other things which he observed, no
 much to the honor of this Model Republic
 was the miserable and childish prejodici
 against color, so prevalent in the Non hen
 Slates. The w riter gives one instance whicl
 came under his nonce as follows:
 At one end of the car in which I wai
 sr-ated sat a young min. very respectably
 dressed, but who bore in his eoiintenancr
 those traces, almost iad iible, which, long
 after e\erv symptom of the colour has van
 ished, bespeak the presence of African blood
 in the veins*. The quantity which he posses
 sed could not liar.* been more than 12 1-2 per
 cent,&lt;*f his whole blood, tinging his skin with
 a shade, Just vis.tile, and no more. If his
 face was not as white, it was, at all events,
 cleaner than those of many around him. 1
 observed tiiat he bream i very uneasy every
 time the conductor came into the car, eyeing
 h:m with tim: I glances, as if in fear of him.
 Divining the cause of this couduct, I deter
 mined to watch ihe is.-ue which was not long
 delayed. By-and-by the conductor entered
 the car again, and as if he had come for the
 purpose, walked stiaight up to the poor wretch
 m question and. without deigning t' speak to
 h.m, ordered him out wi ll a wave «f his
 finger. The blood hi a moment mounted to
 his te nples. and suffused his whole fact*; hut
 resistance was vain; and with a hanging head
 and broken hearted look he left the carriage.
 He whs not a slave; but not a soul remon
 strated, riot a w hisper was heard in his behalf.
 The silence of all indicated their approval of
 this petty manifestation of ihe tyranny of
 bio id/ These bold defenders of life, liberty,
 and tiie pursu.t of happiness,' these chival
 rous assort rs ot the Declaration of Indepen
 dence. looked with utter indifference on tins
 pra-tical violation of the rights of man.’
 Curved the d—d nigger right,’ said a
 youngM'T scarcely twenty, at the other end of
 the ear, and those immediately around him
 laughed at ilie remark.
 lie'll know his place better the next lime,
 the d—y mongrel!’ said mother; and the
 laugh was repeated.
 Curious to know w hat had been done with
 him, I sought the conductor, whom I found re
 turning from the liont part of the train.
 Blow me,* said he if you can't reg'late
 a thousand ot your out-and-out oopretendin’
 niggers much more easier than one ot these
 composition gentry they think because they
 have got a 1 ttle whitewash on their ugly
 mugs, that they're the real china, and no
 mistake.’
 But where have you put him 1 asked
 he surely can't tide on the engine
 Put him —in the nigger crib, to be sure,
 where he should be,’ said he.
 Can I s;e it inquired
 You can, if you have a taste that way,’
 he replied keep on ahead, straight through
 the baggage van,, and you’ll see them all
 alive.”
 Geneva.
 We learn that an exhibition of the school
 under the superintendence of Henry H.
 aknet, will lake place on Tuesday next,
 April 3d. It is expected that an Address on
 the Means of Elevation, will be delivered by
 William C. Nell.
 Rum and Tar in Watertown.— There
 was quite a stir in Wateitown lately at the
 election of town officers. Ruin or no rum
 was tlie question. Aftei a severe struggle,
 and several trials. Mr. White the temperance
 candidate was elected. Three Selectmen
 were then elected, two of whom were tem
 perance. At this defeat the rum party took
 fire, and swore to have revenge. About ten
 o’clock on Monday night, one or more indivi
 duals proceeded to the dwelling of Mr. White
 with a large quantity of tar, and after spatter
 ing the outside of the bjilding pretty thor
 oughly with the same, managed to throw
 several vessels full into one of his parlors,
 damaging the room and furniture to a con
 siderable extent.— Boston Chronotyyt.
 Fugitive Slaves. —The telegraph has been
 sufficiently explicit upon recent events at Co
 lumbus, with one exception. We have been
 anxious to see the yeas and nays upon Mr.
 Beaver’s bill to prevent magistrates and
 other public officers from acting in an official
 capacity, in cases of alleged fugitives from
 labor, denominated slaves to prohibit the use
 of jails and other public buildings to slave
 captors.” On the 14th inst., Mr. Clay-pool
 moved that it be indefinitely postponed, which
 was carried by ayes 17, noes 12.—fin. (J/ol'e.
 ID 3 The Kentucky Struggle. The
 friends of emancipation in Kentucky have
 fixed upon the 25tli day of April next as the
 time,-and Fiankfort as the place, to meet, by
 del. g lies or otherwise, to consider and adopt
 such measures as may be deemed necessary
 and proper with reference to ihe app.roachmg
 Convention to remodel the Constitution of tfie
 State.
 A Corhesri ndest of the Boston Traveler
 thus speaks of Mr. Chase
 1 prophesy.—l. That he will be a working
 man. like 1 lntou and Corwin, rather than a
 noisy speech maker. 2. When he speaks, he
 will have something to say, and w ill be heard.
 3. He will be true to fns deep convictions of
 the wrong and mischiefs of slavery. He will
 oppose it always and eteiywhere—firmly,
 kindly, and yet fearlessly. I. Whigs and
 Democrats can nuke no calculations upon
 him lor party purposes. If he thinks a meas
 ure right ami useful, he will sustain it, who
 ever &lt;*lse may be lor u and if not, he won't.
 r o He will do no m*an thing, to please any
 body. 6. 1 trust that by the grace of God,
 he will not dishonor his Christian profession,
 tpen autid the temptations of Washington
 Newspapek Postage.-The New P. M.
 O :a ha-» published a circular, which pro-
 Vl tra u nt "ewspapers, (that is,
 P* l i s 1 ,r l, office of publication)
 rc 1 lei l,e *nbjeci t 4 i newspaper postage
 ne Si i 9 Ul "i Ce l ,ur U,IV dl l a»ce in the
 V 1 ""&lt;1 a half cent for any
 distance exceeding one hundr J miles where
 the newspaper is sent from one State into
 anuther. But posu&lt;»». on
 MZtSST"
 Cu««ictio».-I„ (i„ n ft mill,', leuei i„
 S r l &amp;ur -“lK&gt;« vo U[ gUTCnt
 should read, pursue y« ur arguing
 tempt to prove should road aite ini l
 construe;” “imputed form” should reJi
 “imported persons;” and I or lce fc
 should read I once argued.”
 The Old Ccrk&gt;sitt Shop—Th e adver
 ttserne it of Mr. Scott iq another col urilllt Wt
 hope will induce tiie Citirena ol Rochester to
 favor li in with thetr patronage. Hi* enter
 prise, industry and general satisfaction need
 hut b« known to win golden opinions.—
Communications.
Albjuty, March 17, 1849.
 Fsedckick Docci^a*.—l perceived in the
 namher of the North Sur, March 16th. tout
 letter addressed to me, in relation to the
 Floience Settlement. .With a gentleman
 like you I can agree to differ. We can freely
 express our feelings to one another. Permit
 me to say to you, friend Douglass, that the
 new contemplated village in Florence, is a
 1 (icrtion of Lot 16, and a portion of Lot 15.
 and a portion of Lot No. 2. On that lot
 there is a stream of wtter, from Mad River,
 i where we shall be able, by damming, to bare
 i good water power. I hate always stated in
 my lectures, that Floreoce was a heavily
 j timbered country, stony soil, good oats and
 corn, as also good graxing land. The farms
 j joining ua, cleared land, realise from twenty*
 t five to fifty dollar* per The oldeet in
 habitants of the town aay that Florence is a
 healthy town. They send their produce to
 Rome, which is a good market. I slated to
 t the colored citizens of (Jtica, and throughout
 the different sections of the country, that
 they would have to work bard the two first
 years on then farm and in tbeir lumber busi
 ness. The Association was in favor of form
 ing a village, so a* to get up an enterprising
 spirit and to do so, we put the price of vil
 lage lots three dollars each one quarter of an
 acre. The Association has forwarded to you
 from time to time publications containing ac
 counts of their proceedings, which you might
 have published, if you had chosen. They
 find no fault with you. You would not suf
 fer yourself, Sir, to be found so mean and so
 low a- many other persons professing to be
 public servants of the people. The nature
 of F. Douglass is too noble to consent to do
 such dirty work. My eight yean- of ac
 quaintance with you, having had the honor
 of being at the first convention which you
 attended in the city of New York, with the
 noble-hearted Charles L. Remond, the friend
 ol the slave. From that period to the pre
 sent I have marked your public career. Your
 object is not to destroy the influence of good
 men. 1 believe it to be immaterial to you
 whether a man has been educated in a com
 mon school, or has graduated at a college, or
 whether he is educated at all, provided he be
 honest. I would say, friend Douglass, the
 Association appointed you, out of respect,'
 and appointed you, being a man of integrity
 as well as otheis namely, Samuel R.,
 Ward, Henry Hincks, J. W. Loquen, W.
 H. Topp, H. R. Johnson, as inspectors of
 the public works, as disinterested persons,
 that you might inspect the books, and ren
 der an account to the public, of our transac
 tions. If the Lord spares me, a week from
 to-day, 1 shall make Florence my head-quar
 ters. Yours truly, S. MYERS.
 New Bedford, March 22, 1846.
 Frederick Douglass I became a sub
 -1 scriher to the North Star when it was first
 established. I was induced to do so, because
 its prospectus met my views. I shall con
 tinue to take it as long as it continues to
 attack slavery in all its forms, and aims to
 hasten the day of emancipation.
 I believe there are various means by which
 the bondman*B liberation may be brought
 about, and the condition of the nominally
 free colored people materially bettered. It
 becomes you and me, and all others who feel
 for the oppressed, with whom we are identi
 fied, to use all moral energies to wipe out the
 foul stain of American slavery. Though our
 means are various, let our aims be the same.
 Let us not fall out by the way, as did the
 Israelites in the deseit, lest our selfish dissen
 sions bring down upon us like sufferings.
 In looking over the North Star of Dec.
 22d, I saw a communication, headed New
 Settlement.” I read it with deep interest,
 and u once entered into the spirit of the com
 munication. I was glad to see such an enter
 prise as the Florence Association started, as
 announced in that communication. I was
 also glad to see your name, with the names
 of many other leading colored men of this
 country, associated with the enterprise, as
 approvers of it. I was not acquainted with
 several of these gentlemen, except by reputa
 tion. Their names were sufficient to secure
 for the Florence enterprise my confidence.
 In the North Siar of March 16th, I was
 surprised and sorry to st« a letter of yours, in
 which you request your name to be erased as
 one ol the inspectors of public works, as
 desiring to have nothing more to do with the
 enterptise, and this in consequence of reports
 that have been put in circulation. I wish you
 had told us what those reports were.
 Now, friend Douglass, I believe the Flor
 -1 ence enterprise to be sound, inside and out—
 thoroughly anti-slavery in its spirit and ten
 dency. And so do I believe the gift of three
 thousand deeds to the colored inhabitants of
 the State of New is a great anti-sla
 very act, characteristic of that noble man,
 Cierrit Smith. It will long be cherished m
 the hearts of the colored people of this coun
 try, and particularly by those living in the
 S late of New York. You will see that per
 sons living in other States could not partici
 pate in that rich gift, though they rejoiced at
 it. When the Florence enterprise waa started
 by our friend, Stephen Myers, and others,
 put before the. public under such favorable
 auspice*, many very respectable colored peo
 ple, living in the surrounding States, were
 induced to make purchases. They knew that
 if they went to the Smith lands they must
 purchase them.
 1 do ~ot Pretend to be well acquainted with
 the geography of the State of N ew York
 but in looking over the map of that State, I
 see that Florence and Oneida county ire
 j situated in thecentaal part of the Slate, while
 i Franklin and Essex are in the North-eastern
 j part —Franklin extending lo Canada on the
 j North. Flankiin and Essex counties appear
 to be comparatively isolated, thinly populated,
 and out of the great highway* and facility
 for francporting product* or person* to and
 from the Slit# difficult. According to the
 map before me of the State ot New York in
 1840, Franklin couuty contained 16,580 in
 habitants, and Essex county contained 23,634.
 Since 1840, the number ha* no doubt m
 creased nor is these any doubt that the *ao*
 i* true of Oneida county.
 According to the use map, Oneida county
 near the centre of the State. Both the
 Fro* Canal and Railroad pass through this
 county. Facilities tor the tranaportion of
 produce or persons are superior. It is a
populous county. In 1840, it contained a
 population of 85,310, wort than double the
 number contained both in Franklin and Eaten
 counties. Then look at Ha large and flovrisb
 tug tow;*, aoeh as Utiea, Rome, Clinton.
 VVhueaboro, &amp;c. Florence, the proponed
 settlement, it in tbit eoomy. In view of thej
 considerations piesented, it teems to me that
 the lands in Florence, Oneida eoomy, ate the
 most valuable—that they are preferable to!
 those who with to purchase.
 Our friend Stephen Myers informed us that
 Germ Smith had given to several coiered
 people lands in Florence; that he was one
 of those persons. He feh desirous of doing
 something to better the condition of his peo
 ple. Accordingly, himself and several other
 gentlemen, Grantees of the Smith land in
 Florence, agreed to put their lands together.
 Other lands were purchased from Germ
 Smith's agent, by Mr. Myers, in behalf of
 this company of gentlemen. This company
 i now propose to establish a settlement at Flor
 ence, for the purpose of farming, dealing in
 lumber, manufacturing potaab, and practising
 the various trades, and thus raising them
 selves in public estimation.
 If Mr. Myers has purchased these lands,
 and met his contracts, and I believe he has,
 (in testimony of which, Mr. Gerrit Smith
 informed me in a note, that be had received a
 letter from Mr. Myers, stating that he [Mr.
 Myers] had deposited in bank $73,00 to the
 credit of the Florence land purchased of his
 [Mr. Smith's] agent,) why should those who
 aie not disposed to favor the Florence enter
 prise, throw obstacles in its way It seems
 to me something more than mere suspicion.
 L nauthenticated reports are required to jus
 tify such a course and yet these are all that
 (it would seem) can be put forth by those
 who are unfriendly to the Florence enter
 prise.
 It is said that the country is a wilderness;
 that its settlement will be attended with diffi
 culties that colored people are not accus
 tomed to hardships, &amp;c., &amp;c. Our fore
 fathers, have made this country, once a wil
 derness, a delightful home for their oppress
 ors, ihe Anglo-Saxon race. We, their off
 spring, to this day are- 44 hewers of wood and
 drawers of water, degraded, crushed be
 n.’bth public sentiment and popular religion.
 Henry Clay and his coadjutors, who are
 look ed up to as the giants in this nation, are
 stili .using their power to keep us down, still
 detentiined to drive us out of this country
 still determined to colonize us to Africa. Bm
 this is our country, the soil on which we were
 born. Here are our homes. Let us build
 ourselves up by all righteous means. Let us
 cherish no divisions among ourse ves. United
 we stand, divided we fall.
 Yours for the good cause of the Elevation
 and Improvement of our people.
 LEVEN TILMAN.
Fro/.n our own Correspondent.
 London, March 9, 1849.
 The subject now universally talked of here,
 to the exclusion of almost every other topic,
 is the dangerous war which has suddenly
 sprung up in India, on the confines of the
 Punjaub. Without taking the trouble to
 investigate the origin ot the war (which,
 however, 'is far more just than many we have
 previously waged in the East,) we are all
 thoroughly surprised at finding such a for
 midably or gnnized force, in a quarter in which
 we fondly imagined we had put an end to the
 possibility of such an organization.
 More iha.ii this, we are complaining loudly
 and bitterly tfc at the strategical combinations
 for which Sik h commanders are no remarka
 ble, have no parallel in the operations of our
 own army tha t we ate being out-generaled
 and out-manceui red; that our army only
 holds its own A om the aupeiiority in the
 physical strength of its soldiery; in short,
 that Lord Gough is no match for Chatter
 Singh. These murm uringshave been brought
 to a climax by receiving accounts of a battle,
 which candor compels one to say was a close
 one, fought between British and Sikh forces,
 near the river Jhehara, almost on the spot
 on which, more than I'vro thousand years ago,
 Alexander the Great, with his Macedonians,
 overthrew Porus, the Indian King. Civiliza
 tion (for there is a civil ization even in war,)
 on that occasion triump bed. In the recent
 conflict, its advantages vvi're by no means so
 apparent. The enemy we.'e strongly posted,
 with a jungle in front. Report numbered
 them at sixty thousand. The British did not
 teach the ground on which the engagement
 afterwards lock place, until the afternoon,
 exhausted by a long and toils ome march, so
 much so that their commander gave up all
 thoughts of an immediate attack, and drew
 up his men with the intention of allowing the
 night to intervene before doing so. Tins
 determination was a wise one, as he knew
 nothing of the enemy's position, lying con
 cealed as they did by a thick jungle. As his
 various regiments were taking up their can
 tonments, a heavy fire from a battery, which
 had been unobserved, was directed upon one
 of theirs, a few of the shots falling near the
 commander-in-chief. This showed that he
 was within the range of the Sikh guns, and
 to a man of ordinary temperament, would
 have proved a sufficient intimation of the pro
 priety of retiring beyond that distance. Lord
 Gough, however, look an extraordinary view
 of the case, and suddenly thought it incum
 bent upon his honor, and that of the troops
 under him, to make an instantaneous attack.
 His officers at first remonstrated—they did so
 no longer when he threatened any who raised
 a dissentient voice with arrest. He did a
 thing uuheard of in the history of military
 science, and necessarily attended with the
 most disastrous consequences—made a ernes
 march in ihe presence and under they very
 guns uf ibe enemy. As one regiment after
 another, deployed to take up their position,
 battery after battery of Sikh guns, hitherto
 unobserved, opened a destructive fire, and
 w hen the attack was finally ordered, the ut
 most disarray and confusion prevailed—artil
 lery filing at nothing—large masses of men
 advancing to attack small bodies, who re
 treated unresistingly, while the most ineffi
 cient forces were directed against those posi
 tions which the Sikhs occupied with over
 whelming numbers, and were accordingly re
 pulsed a ith awful slaughter. Meantime, the
 commander-in-chief was nowhere to be found.
 Instead of directing hit foiees there, be wae
 fighting like a demon in the midst of a
 jungle.
 Combinations [there were none. It was
 simply a haad-to-fcttd struggle, in which,
ultimately, notwithstanding ike odds, the
 British animal, hang the ttroagen, get the
 better of it. The sight teas, however, wit
 nessed, which had not hays sntmmtd for
 many yearn—a regiment of British dragoons,
 panic struck, lushing acmes the field, with
 the Sikhs at their heels, disarranging and
 overthrowing their owe arttllety, of which
 several pieces consequently fell into the hands
 of the enemy. The result of a bailie, to
 which we lost 2500 men, and nearly 100 offi
 cers killed, was, that that evening, Urn enemy
 encamped four miles farther from oer front,
 nearer the river. He did not abandon, he
 leistrrely retired farther into his post Iran. It
 is said the Sikh Vms was greater, but this
 matters but little. Tbe upshot of all this is,
 that serious dissatisfaction has been created
 at home. Lord Gough has been recalled, and
 Sir Charles James Napier, the late com
 maoder-iu-cbief of the army of Soode,
 started yesterday, by the overland route, to
 take bis place. Tbe fear is, that Lord Gough,
 with his characteristic wrougheadednees, will
 have all but irreparably ruined affairs before
 he arrives. S. P. Q. R.
Mr. Calhoun's Addeess does not seem to
 meet with much favor, even among the sup
 porters of the peculiar institution. The Co
 lumbus (Ga.) Enquirer says 4 In looking
 over it, we find nothing new or striking, noth
 ing but a dull, insipid and tasteless rehash ol
 what has been said and urged for twenty years
 prist, without a solitary suggestion as to what
 the* South shall do in any conceivable emer
 gency. We are told of our wrongs, but
 pointed to no remedy.*
 4 The whole matter, so far as it has gone,
 is but little bettef than children's play. Our
 representatives were expected, and are still
 expected, to meet and repel every aggression
 that may be made upon our rights, not in
 irresponsible conclaves, but as the recognized
 and constitutional agents of the people.'
 So it seems that the Calhoun clique only
 get laughed at for their pains.
The Boston Chronotype has been dam
 aged by fire .and, in consequence, suspended
 a short period. The editor on coming
 out again says:
 44 During our suspended animation many
 things have occurred on which we ached to
 say a word—but shall not —and an avalanche
 of communications which we shall never
 have time to open lias come down upon us.
 We have improved the last fortnight in sIeCP»
 kissing the little ones, mending old chairs,
 and fixing up little things at home, fai better
 employment than editing a paper which don't
 go. Of course we have got behind the age
 no«w, but by to-morrow or next day, we shall
 pitch into it somewhere a little ahead of tbe
 engine.”
Clippings from English Papers.
 England and America.— Mr. Elihu Bur
 ritt, in the course of a 44 peace” lecture at
 .he Exeter Athenaeum (reported in the
 Western Times,) said In the last year great
 nations had trembled, and mighty governments
 had fallen, amidst their munitions of physical
 strength, and the news one day came to Ame
 rica that Old England, frail and time worn,
 was rocking on the mad sea of revolution—
 —and when word went across the water that
 Old England's hour was come—that her
 sons were pallid at the portents of the storm
 and if Jonathan ever had a grievance against
 his brut her, he forgot it on that day
 (cheers!) For a whole week the city of
 New York was involved in gloom—men
 walked away slowly, with their eyes fixed on
 the street as if they feared to see the ap
 proaching messenger of some unprecedented
 disaster—and in the cities on the sea coast,
 the merchant vacated his counting-house, and
 the tables of traffic were deserted, at the arri
 val of every steamer, for men were so anxious
 to have news from Old England—and eager
 questions and replies passed from one man to
 another across the land—and in the far west
 the farmer left his plough in the field, and ran
 to the roadside to hail the traveller with the
 uncouth salutation— 44 1 say, stranger, you
 hav'nt heard any news of Old England to
 day, have you?”—(cheers.) And when news
 came that Old England had weathered the
 storm, it was difficult to say which of the
 twain wore the brightest face, John or Jona
 than, England or America —(cheers.)—Lon-
 don In'futrer.
 Dupes Wanted The Company of Ad
 venturers for Exploring the Golden Region of
 California,” have been sending circulars into
 these parts, to snare gulls. 44 Capital, £l,
 250,000 in 125,000 shares of jCIO each.”
 Deposit, only one shilling A fortune in
 California—going—for one shilling !—Gates
 head Observer*
 j Frederick Douglass’s 44 North Star.”
 —On taking up the North Star lately, we
 i were reminded that the first volume of this
 I paper had just been completed, and we are led
 to infer, from the remarks of its editor, that
 the past year has been with him one of hard
 struggle to maintain itagatrst the adverse in
 j fluences which have been brought against it.
 We deeply regTet to learn this, for we think
 that in England alone a sufficient number of
 copies might be taken among the friends of
 the anti-slavery cause to make the paper pay.
 The price of it is comparatively tnfling, and
 now that the postage regulations are more
 favourable to the transmission of newspapers,
 we respectfully suggest that something more 1
 should be done for the paper. We are glad
 to take advantage of this opportunity to ex
 press our opinion of its merits. No Ameri
 can paper that we have ever seen is more abl v
 edited, or conducted with greater talent and
 spirit, than the North Star.— Xoncon/omust.
 I Capital Punishments.—At a trial of a man
 at Newcastle on Wednesday,, for murdering
 an illegitimate child, the jury returned a verdict
 (of guilty, but recommended the prisoner to
 mercy.—Being asked, upon what ground,
 the foreman said, 44 Because of our strong j
 i abhorrence of capital punishment.” His
 Lordship; 44 Oh that is a very foolish ground,
 i Any other or better ground f The Foreman
 i No my Lord.” The prisooer was accord
 j ingly sentenced 44 to be hong by the neck till
 j he"was dead.” —London huparer.
 The I lierary Gazette gives (from “Ham
 1 let”) a capital motto for emigrants to Cali-I
 (ornia;
 “A pick-axe, a»J a *psde. a spade.
 Aye, and a winding-sheet”
 44 la'a a Fact.’*—Jenny Lind is to be mar
 ried at last—not a mere press marriage, for j
 she has been given away by nearly every
 editor in the kingdom, but a real marriage,
 i to be celebrated by weddmgrCake, favours,
 and every powable bappmesa. Tbe name of
 the future husband is to be a Mr. Hams, so
 that tbe long-talked-of myth, tbe original
 mysterious ladv, the female f ranlautan tbai
 our dearly beloved and much libelled Mrs.
 Gamp created for her own future torment,
 will be proved to be no fable, but a real eas
 tern beautiful being. Who, in the name of
 .all extravagance, could possibly bsveguessed
 that the Swedish Nightingale would event
 ually torn out to be Mr*. Hams’— Track.
 A Gentleman, scar Waltham Abbey, ex
 penmenung with tbe elecinc light a abort
 time ago, touched tbe conductor, which was
 of copper wire, with hit hand.po which was
 an incised wound. Irritation and inflamma
 tion ensued, large tumours formed all over
 the body, asd bis We te sow despaired of.
 A Sikh’s DtrricTLTT The Moolraj has
 written a letter to General n hub, referring
 to tbe treatment which bis brother-in-law re
 ceived in Edwards's eomp, and asks, “What
 is tbe religion that ire* seized, outraged, sod
 wounded Lata Longa Mull -then cured turn
 of his wounds, fox tbe purpose of banging
 hunt” We uummood tbo qoeatioe to every
 ChnKtza advocate ef tear.— Nnctnformitt., i
Commercial
Rocltmt, Mwrh 28,1949.
 Tbe rank m. this *iciuj bi« becu ia a bad *a»*
 dariaf the put week, aid bat littla |rod*« oc pro
 riuoa have baea brought into oar aaiirt Cna da
 coaatri. We hear of a alt of MO bbk. Croat
 Flour yesterday at |S 18|. Wheat i* aoauaaSjr
 91 Cora—sefis at 45c. A fe» loadsof
 Oats brought Me. p bu. A Lot of 200 bw. arodioro
 Clover Seed brought 3350 7 bo. Batter seUs at
 120)4r. Eggs 11c. Fresh Pock alb at 4j#st.
Rochester Wholesale Pwces CarreaU
 FI .OUR a»d MEAL—Durr Rfcalnl
 Flow, p bfal 6MM 15
 Com meul, but. 46 47
 PROVISIONS.—Doty ;Beef,Pock.Hams, Bacon.
 Batter aad Lard, Idf e; Cheese 90 cad nl
 Pork, (mew) .1280• 11 ®0
 Do. ia hoe S 30
 Beef, cJtT .500• 5 00
 Do. bU. (mew) 790 0 800
 Lard (tried) fb •7k
 Do. (leaf,) 0 6
 Hams, (routed)
 Shoulder*, do 6
 Twheys f h
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bush 88 41 60
 GRAIN—Doty 20 p c ad ral
 Wheat, bash M*
 Com 45 44
 Rye 2
 Oats
 Barter 80 68
 HIDES—Daty; 6 p c ad ral
 Slaughter
 Calf W
 Sheep Pelts r OO 76
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10f c; Mustard 20 P
 c a&lt;l sal
 Clorer 3 50 000
 Timodiv 200 0 250
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty oa foreign caught; 20 pc ad ral
 White&amp;sh bhl 6 78
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, P bbl 1 03
 Apples, p bush .31
 Do. dried 62$
 Eggs, P do* ..14
 Beans, p bush 75 t® 75
 Hay, p ton 7 00 11 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatuess and despatch
 at the lowest prices for cash, ria:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
 \TARRATIVE of the life of freder-
 ICK wnttea by hiiuelf, to be
 I tad at this office, price 3o
Antislavery office and Rea Rooni
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, apposite th.' rca^e
 THIS office has been newly stocked w.
 latest and best works on slavery and other n.
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitions n
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—'The Brawled Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker's Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexican war
 do his letters to the People of the United States
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection w ith office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful an I instructive hooks of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anvalvtic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite' the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is notv firmly establislied and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease dial is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any w ater-cure establishment ill
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal remedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever being any better.
 TLe remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, u ho had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been anahle to dress or undress, or even
 to feed tlieniaelves, and in tlie course of a few weeks
 would lie walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this'
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the!
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the W omb, in all its stages 1
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 i up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 I their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. \Veaknrss and Falling of tlte Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head; Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Paluiution of tlie Heart, Dyspepsia
 1 in all its firms and stages, Piles. Costiveness, Di
 i arrhoea, Sujiprsssion of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feel and t iands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its wotst forms, Neural
 i gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumption in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 Tlie proprietor has given his whole attention to
 {the above diseases for tlie last t en years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution ia this
 cow try; and such has been his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 i tibed cure*, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to olitain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 I expense in this Institution w it bout being benefited'.
 -Tbe proprietor will enter iuto n special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pav all the expenses from any part of the United
 Suites here and hack home again, befiwe he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to hoard litem,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 I if he ikes nut help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misreptesentstions and expense
 withoot receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what will be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly ox stdered.
 This Institution has grown ap from private prac
 tice bv the mAoence of those who have heea helped
 here, as sowing has ever been published before;
 and the propr *tor means that it shall stasia is itsef.
 by its own merits, or pay tlie expense of those who
 choose to make n com net in ease of failure. The
 design of thm Circular is not to make known tin
 cures that have been made in this institution, became
 they mast soon be believed; bm to let it he more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that bavo spent hundreds of dollars m trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much' or am
 (mnefit, and still remain confined to their beds (irotn
 five to twenty years, that theta is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from aav other out the
 United states, aed it particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost nothing unless
 thev are materially benefited.
 From the nature of tie at mat* in this Institution,
 the number of patients must he limited, therefore tim
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of sfigi.l and
 ordinary enaes which may he easily helped l-v other
 systems of practice; nor dnas he warn aav oae to
 aims, aakss they wish to get well, aad are wtisq;
 to be made well emmgh to wait from five to twenty
 miles at a time, aad Mow it ap day after day in
 ■ei r ussinti; aad aha wiltiag la he made able to en
 dure as much fetor aad fctiguo as most of people
 that call dttmoelvea well, as he memaa that even
 oae that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 m the Analytic lnstioamu shall abow bv their in
 creased strength, elasticity of firmness of
 texture, reality of
 health, that the treatment ia this Institution isfoum'-
 ad ue the natural lews of srgaumed suitor, ami
 consequently its over ovary other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 I AM usmunmcTiisra sddWmsJ la Pr THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, pnm paid, will receive
 sue ilisTt attorn w. If —|sniisil. islits nrs will
 ha mads to thoss who have hsea hsfpad m this Insti-
 Mim aad amo good references aa to respuatibiht
 rrfjiawpn-m »t-m«tha hhasajeagwa^^
Mew W 2 tcli ul Jewelry Miw-
 JOHN RED7.IE toviag cUaagH to. p»towri.ip
 rrktHw, hu nmmeii to. |,w ***T|
 N'«rth to Mo. 11, Stale Suvvt. where hr tfvpnred
 •oecoMfcUr to coonrtt the whi rrf nr w
 Stock &lt;/'a.7«L*i U of GoU Md ffitow!
 Eaalub, Anchor. Hachort; 1 atl Vertical Watches,
 (mU Ciwd nod Fab Chun, Gold Seals and Key*.
 GoU aad Silm IVnrtW. Spectacle ml TVndJ***,
 Gold Eirdtiap. Bracelets. and Fintw-Huu*—«
 •■•d assort awnt, dno; variety of Uliw’ nod
 Gentlemen'* Brw»t-n«*. new WyV; &lt;VmMe nad
 single Ifnatiaf cold and pUtod Lockets. Gold Pan,
 best quality, Silm nail Snell Combs nad Cut*,
 Fiac Catlrry, kc. kf.
 The above mad a variety of other de*ir»lde Good,
 waalty kept ia oar intinra. arc offrred oa more al
 vantage* ms term, thou mnl; aad it n paMacatofH
 desired that the good* Mnaid br named, aad
 price, aewtuaed, before pm charing ebewbere ia
 this market.
 We manufacture aad keep oa hand a food Mart*
 meat of Silver Spoons, wan anted an pore a. Ame
 rican coin.
 Will aho keep an amort me«t of Accurdeons aad
 other Mimical Instruments. whidi trill br add very
 low.
 We intend to keep a pood amortmeto of the beet
 Bna Eight-day, 90 bow, and alarm Clock., a. can
 be footed ia this city-—Call aad me them.
 WATCH REP AIRING, ffiithfeUy done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 S»tt Street.
 J. KEDZIE 8s C«.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, tint »t hare a variety i»f Barometers
 which will give that know ledge of the change of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his business to it.
 variations. Phase call and examine th»vai, as eve***
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. on.
DR. A. CLARK*
 DENTAL SI RGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rortliester
 and surrounditic country, that I have remove,*! my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade lo my dwelling
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hank till tor past favor* in the line of my proter
 sion, and flattering myself that 1 can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor ire* with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofliaving operations performed ou tiie teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. if-
KEIF PUMP FACTORY.
 THE sulweriher take, this method to inform the
 citizens of Rochester and vicinity, that he has
 just established a Pump Factory, at number 224,
 Main street, where he will he happy to wait upon all
 who may favor hiiu with their patronage.
 Having had considerable experience in hi. line of
 business, he pledges himself to furnish as good an
 article, and of as good material, as can be procured
 at any other similar establishment ia this city. His
 Pumps are furnished with cither wood or lead pipe,
 as may suit customers. He also suspphes, to order,
 every description of Aqueduct Logs, or Lead Pipe.
 The subscriber will take pleasure in directing such
 of his customers as may require the information, to
 competent workmen, whio will attend to all calls for
 digging, drilling, or blasting wells, promptly, and at
 reasonable rates. All kinds of Pumps repaired to
 order.
 Q@“ The above work will be furnished at the
 lowest prices, for CASH. Persons will do well to
 give hiiu a call before purchasing elsewhere.
 J. R. FELT.
 Rochester, July 14,1848. 1y29
Assignee's Sale.
 Aa of Stephen a Leach, deceased,
 I &lt;t «»J| a t public Auction :«t the Ar
 11* ■'wpotfitc the 7*'wt Office) in the city

 o’clock M., One fcwth par. of
 tractor parcel of k. #.^L tuale Vila.
 Honeoye Falls, town c. Alendon, County of Mun
 rue and State of New York, bonded and dexerilied
 as follows' Beginning at the vf *st corner of a lot
 of land owned in the year 1843 Kzra It. Ben
 ton, and now occupied by Asa 1 H,UE and on the
 Northerly line of Munroe Street, th. ,l,c along the
 line of said street north forty eight c agrees, west
 one chain twenty and one half links to Robert
 Rand’s line; thence north forty-two degrees, east
 at right angles with said street tworha os nod
 nine links; thence north forty-eight degree.-,
 six feet and two inches; thence continuing nlong
 said RAftD’t line north thirty-nine degrees, east one
 cliain and sixty-two links to Harry Allen’s line;
 thence along his line south forty-eight rlegrees, east
 one chain; thence south thirty-four degrees fifteen
 minutes, west along said Allen’s line one chain
 sixty-four and a lialf links; thence south forty-five
 degrees and forty-five minutes, east eighteen links;
 thence along said Benton’s line (now said Prides
 line) south forty-two degrers, west two chains and
 thirty-nine links to the place of beginning, containing
 about hnl/an acre of land, being tire same premises
 conveyed by said Leach to J e rome B. Fellows
 by deed Uted Octoher 17th 1848, and recorder! in
 Munroe clerk’s office Oct. 19, 1848 at ten
 o’clock A. M-, in lib. 82 of deeds at page 172 Ihe
 above described premises will be sold subject to a
 certain mortgage executed by said Leach to
 Charles Paclk, dated 16tli and recorded in
 Munroe County Clerk’s Office on the 18th day of
 October 1848 at 10 o’clock A. M., in lib. 46 of
 mortgages at page 500.
 Dated February 15th 1349.
 6* Jerome B Fellows, Assignee.
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD:
 CHANGE IN TIME.— Ihc trains will commend
 toleare Rocliestcr to-dsy at tlie following time
 Eastward—at 124 «.,*ll a. .i,ml 74 r.
 Westward—at 24 a. m., 44 a. m., rad 4j r. m
 Rochester, Decern for 5, 1848.
Thf Old (urosilj Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOk D SCOTT, grateful fit r the patronage
 awarded him, would lespectfully inform his
 triemis and the public generally that tie has recently
 enlarged bis establishment and augmented bis stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 &gt;ec&gt;nd band appare. In a I litim to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House ami Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, .Mechanical
 and agricultmal implements, and indeed all those
 various odds ami ends” of which inay not he
 readily obtained at other place*. It is his intention
 to, keep TbeOld C'urosity Sliop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and di*po»e of at satisfaetury prices.
 repaired and renovated with nr at ness
 and despatch.
 Doiit forget “Tlie Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Ilalr-littlig and Drossii* at
 RALPH FRANCIS’S Saloon, under the Eagle
 Buhalo-street j«l 14 —'din
CU» ARLES JON I S, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, betaeeo Filth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch street*, Ph i hole fob ia.
 Stranger* vi.it,ng die city w ill find the North
 Star House the must central', convenient amt com
 fortable House in Philmielpbia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848, 3m49
BOSTOX AUVLRTIBEME.\TS.
NEW BOOKS.
 FOR S ,A|r E 41 Aati-Sbvary Depository,?!,
 Coral,ill—namely, 7
 Bell for 1848. A few copies remain.
 Lsfe of W illmm W Brown, 2d Edition, with addi-
 Uooai matter aad new engravings. Price, buuud,
 37j ets; m paper covers, 25 ets.
 Mr. Shachford’* Appeal in regard to the W’ar with
 Mexico, 12i ets.
 PtwiUon aad Dutien of the Xorth, with regard to
 Slavery. By Andrew P. Peabody. Sets.
 at Graefeaberg. By Henry C. Wrigtas.
 Dkk Crowning shield, the T and Zacharv
 Ta}Ujr t rhe Soldier; the UiAercoc* Uiwetii
 them. By Henry C. W'right. 3 ets.single; 25
 et*. per &lt;Wa
CLARKSON,
 y££2* EDITION-W ITH PORTRAIT.
 wMh a tar Portrait of the Author, dom on
 botJt which could ant he imported for less thaa three
 had 2LCoiS.^ T JjEd Z
 tern
BOYS’ CLOTHIItO
 OAML’EL WILSON. S, Braufo thrmt, hmr’m
 O 7if-*TririT ti hit J rH
 BOYS’ CLOTHING. «f ns good maamial
 aad At, aa6 at m chaaa prices, as ana as tAtatand ia
 toffcf-
HOME POM BE POEMS MS.
 T’HE •uhsrrifcrr lw itmuvtul to ikl Ml, c—
 nient, mm) central boswdi ay hraa«. M*. IftCft—ffß
 Oort. where he will be meet happy to wstomaaaMto,
 cdthr Fhrwb of Reform. ai rensnaabls
 Hr hi* bow to be the central place m Baa-
 M. where the frwwdsof Tnwpiraare, Peace,
 Freedom, the PnMHr, Ac., may wet together, aad
 tun a nxnhtiahie aad hoiar.
 Central Coart opra* at M§ W »*r«|toaitn«».
 JOHN M. SPEAR-
 Bom#b, Aug. 21, ISE.
 Thomas p. smith, So. as. fca*
 ..g« of the Golden Ball. Sew and 9mmd
 haad L'luthmg Store.
Tfce M tssac feasetts Qurterljß«ffcv»
 pOMMESCED oa the hr* of Dtcemlac. 1 Ul.
 V&gt; to be continued oa the lot of March. Jat.
 •nd Septetaber. It wtM ha drroaad to the iaUf*
 of «w party rlaaa. Lot iU cowWlon wtil cede*-
 Tor to present aa open aad feu hr Id (or the aotic*
 dtscnssioa of matter* pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion. sad Hnmmmty.
 The Rr&lt;ic«r will be contacted by R. W Emer
 •on, Thp-.Hlute Parker, and J. Elliot CSahot, aaswtad
 by scvrnii other yentlew.
 Each number will coataia aboat IB payer, at Aa
 price of S 3 a year, ia advance.
 Communications, subscriptions, Itc. should ha
 addressed to the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE A WILEY.
 12, Water Street, Boston
Robert MORRIS, j*., Attorney aad Coaa
 •ellor at Law, Bracer's Building, Stale Street
 Boston.
JOHN D. REVALEON. Haw Cmtiag Snlooe,
 and Prrtumrry Emporium, 114, Blackmon* at.
XEH YORK AOYERTISEHEVTS.
Tl ST PUBLISHED, and for tale at the oflce af
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty, and Fores of Troth, 1M
 edition.
 This work contains shout 230 pages of dona
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37| eta. ia seasha.
 ami 25 cents in paper covert. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, aad Appeal of
 Women, from various authors, 12| rents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price ft cents.
WILLIAM 9. POWELL. Sailor** Home, 61,
 Cl erry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, Waat Broad
 way.
 T JINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 186, North
 1 Broadway.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker.
 No. 97, Cranliery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. R pairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Freak
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL HOARDING HOUBF,
 /IHARI.ES HIGHGATE, would reapectfuMy m-
 L form his friends ami the public, tliat ae continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 lih home” with a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW' DAYS
 Walk rn’s Appeal, with a brief sketch a
 ’d'e by Hmry Highland Garnet.
 his ‘A All net’s Address in the Starrs of the Uni
 Also, v "Ai, address was rejested by the Na*
 ted States, i.. -t Buffalo in 1848. The edition
 tional Convention 'foairt copies will do well t*
 is small, and those who
 semi in their orders early. entitled T«»
 J UST PUBLISHED, a Leciu. HI Colo*;
 Past and Present Condition or
 r P'c E, by Henry Highland Garnet
 r roy, N. Y. Orders attended to
 April 28, Bra.»
General Intelligence Office.
 n EO. W. GOINEB having opened an EMaUish-
 V* inent at tlie Philadelphia Ijistitvtk,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purnose of
 pr,curing honest and faithful domestics for thorn
 win, may require them, and obtaining place* for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs Igpv*
 to rt, fcr to tlie following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names a*
 references:
 Anurew M’.Makin Editor of the American Coarier
 Robert Morris, Editor of tlie Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gaiette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Kevatune
 Rolwrt Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherina Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. \y fg
Pf CK Physician and Surgaon, Ph»-
 ladelpiiia Institute, Lonbard Street, ahove
 Seventh. ly—lB
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 EM GOODS just recived. General radueuum
 i-v in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various style*.
 New style* of Print* of medium quality, usual width,
 bine and wide Paper Mushns. Abu Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chints Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, math ut
 reduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities aaJ
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Jluslm*.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 PUid Muslia.
 Muslin de Lame, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton,
 t lannel* 4-4 good and price low. Cantoo flannel*.
 white ami colored.
 Table Diaper and Clothe, of different stylai.
 Apron ami Furaiture Check. Cotton Handkerchief*.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaimm Stuff*. Alas 1 rrs
 Drilling, lie.
 l*»ng ami half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Wmiding, white ami colored Cotton Laps. Alan,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, and Pulverised Sugar.
 Browu Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 The wh&gt;,le st&lt;rf-k exclusively Free I**«f Gouh,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the stluutfcm
 of country merchant*, as well a s Ms friend* aad ths
 public gencnilly.
 Mm h pains is taken by the Manager* af tha Ftm
 Produce Association, to assist the Subacriher i* ms
 large the a*sot uncut from time to time.
 george taylor.
 Northwest corner Fifth aad (Vm
 Philmlclphia 2d im&gt;. Ist, 1848. tf
Frtt Uhr UUi,
 At AMFACTI RED b, u. Im. F». P™.
 a” Mice AewiCiaium, and for —*-at N n 91
 Fifth-* treat, Philadelphia: M «rtfc
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron aad Fur-
 F aJ,tt wAleaehed; Ma*bu,
 Bea(.iird,tad anbleaehed, of vatiou* qua litis* and
 width; thta Masha for liamg*, brows sad c.dorad;
 Bird Eye Towels; blaehTLl white Wwhhag;
 Cojtot* Laps; Lamp Wick; Bad Ticking, aa A-
 Caltoo, Suxk.ags, Kakttag Codoa.
 Order* for Goods, or letter* drawing mfonwttsa,
 be addressed to J. Miller McKU, 3J, N«rth
 ItnfoatrecC; Daniel L. Miller, Trath etret; «r to
 Jam** Mott, No. 36. Cfowch Alley.
 A big* aad haaib— assort went of PrisHe
 oa hand. jul—d
Aiti-81arery Office*
 No 31, North Fifth Street,
 APIS'LL assortment at aati-slsvery pAfiaftmt
 is kept constantly aa hand- Aba a Baadaetoa
 vanetv uf miscvlharsa* aad Wlfo
 sad Fancy Statiuasry-
 All letter* rsiatiai to tha bw*iss*a of the afttoa
 to l« .UractodtoTMUUr Me Kan, 91. Nanh
 Fiffh-st/rat, PhOadslph**. M~~&lt;t 1
THE DLLAM ARE ABOLmONIIfT.
 i PAPER ed Ms ahove aura* wtl h* nftfitwad ia
 A Wilauagu-. hy the iMawara Aau-Sb«*rv
 Hocwtv h-dl U adttod by aC— iMM*ST3
 he udiiiliil *a a half awfoa thorn, m tirami fti*
 omLper,era. a* for J- |^S!
 devwtod to naaarigaMua m Dab wara. aal «UI ad
 iriyzztlzzzz.'Tt rz*£
 fardad, a* rim a# tha means taa ft* *toMad
 JhMtß B.yoCMUL^
"
