"FREDERICK. DOl'fil.ASS, i
 M. R. DELANY, El&gt;iTO«i
VOL. 11. NO. 15.
The NORTH STAR i* pnbli*l»ed ever?
 Friday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,
 (Opptwtit iw Arcadr.)
 TER M i.
 Two tl&gt;tUr» tw&gt;r annum. ,lW Vo
 #uS&gt;*rrif&gt;’i&lt;»n will lie iw*'iv«*&lt;i l&lt;f a I**** w rm i* an
 itix month*.
 A'Dertincanent* not ling im bw. nwerHKl
 thtw ti.r. fir &gt;r* il*Uar; .-very iiwer
 tion, twenty-fiv* rrtrt*.
 r„ F of the North Si *R will I* to attack
 Si. vert in all its forms awl advocate
 I'vivf R-tt EwancifatJon; exalt the ftandarH
 of I'ori k Morautt; promote the moral and in
 -1 lWvtti.il improvement of t'w* fOt.ORRD PeoFl.e;
 a-.d lu-ten the day of FREEDOM to Urn Three
 Mii.eiox* of our Exm.avkd Ff.li.ow (ots
 r h nt f*
im'bushek s notices.
 far All coinmitHtcati nts relating to the bustn***
 m iVti of tlie pajter, Dimes of siilw.rilterS) remit
 ta iceit. should Ik 1 addressed to John I&gt;i&lt; K.
 Piibli slier.
 o* A sent a, and all others sending name*, are
 i e piesterl to lie accurate, ami give the Pott Office,
 the County, and the Stott. Each Subecniter is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 00- Any person sending iu tl»e payment for four
 subscribers, to lie forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 (0r All letters and communications must Is- |xtst
 paid.
US I OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R. F. Walrutt, 21, l oruhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford Horatio
 Foster, Isowell; James N. Bufftim, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester; Bourne Spooner, ilvrnotith;
 Charles H. Seth, Springfield; David Ruggles,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, I pton.
 \hm.—Oliver D-nnett, Portland.
 V rmoxt. —Rowland J Robinson, North Fer
 r' 'on vectk CT. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 \	 w If v wish ike. —Wetrre Tappan, Bradford.
 Neiv V"RK. —Sydney H. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street; James MeCune Smith, 93, \Vest Broadway;
 Jose till Post, Westbury, Queen County; Mary Har
 .„,r. All*iny; Elias Doty, Macedon; Willetts Keene,
 Peru, Clinton County, William S. Baltimore, Troy,
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rtioiir. Island. —Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pf.NNsvi-vANi a.—J. M. M'Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. \V. Gomes, F.xcliange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio.— Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat-
 Boff and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vevslsirgit, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Roltert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
S CI C Ctl olt 5.
 Fr &lt;m the Pennsylvat i i Freeman.
 ABROAD AND AT IfOMR.
 The Kev. l)r. Durbin, in his account
 of his tour in the East, describes a visit
 to the slave market of Alexandria,
 where beautiful girls were exposed for
 examination and sale like cattle. He
 concludes the narrative with the re
 mark: ‘I turned with horror at the
 scene before me, where virtue had not
 even the privilege of contest, nor the
 apology for temptation.’ Are such
 scenes any less horrible in the United
 States than in Egypt? or did the pious
 Dr. spend all his sympathy on the Nu
 bian girls in the Alexandrian markets,
 that he has no word of rebuke for the
 similar exposure of American females
 in the flesh markets of Washington
 and Baltimore and New Orleans? Or
 do the fogs of our atmosphere hide
 these enormities from his vision or is it
 that he stood in Egypt as a man, wilhin
 the reach of human sympathies, and on
 his return he has again risen into the
 cold eminence of his doctorate, away
 from the sound and sight of human
 wo?
 Dr. Durbin cannot be ignorant of the
 fact that the slave market in the na
 tional capitel, which daily exhibits
 scenes no less shocking to feeling
 hearts than the one he describes, exists
 by the toleration and support of Con
 gress, and the people of the North.
 Vet he professess to ‘preach the gos
 pel’ to this people, to be u minister ot
 Him who came ‘to proclaim deliverance
 to the captive,’and what word of re
 buke does he ever speak against the a
 boininations of American slavery and
 the slave trade? What carnast appeals
 does he ever make the men and
 women of his own church to unite their
 efforts to put away the sin and shame
 from ur country, and especially from
 the capital of the nation? We under
 stand that the Pacha of Egypt has pro
 hibited the slave markets within his
 borders, hut they remain in Washington
 and the American Alexandria. Again
 we ask, why do we hear no cry of hor
 ror, no word of rebuke, from this great
 Methodist divine, at these inhumanities
 in our midst and under our sanction?
 Are shames which Mohommedanism
 cannot endure, to be cherished bv
 Christians? Shall cruelties too mon
 strous for a despotism, And shelter in a
 republic, and ‘Christian minister’ cry
 ‘all's well,’ while the stench of those
 pollutions fills the land.' Alas for our
 religion which delivers heresy over to
 eternal damnation, which imprisons
 poor news-hoys for selling papers on
 Sunday, and sheds tears ol sympathy
 over heathen and slaves in other lands,
 but tolerates or licenses the traffic in
 human beings at home.
-1 rouj iHe Mwlel Worker.
 TIIK CASE.
 Marshall, Michigan,
 Jan. Ist, 1849. S
 Sir. 1 hr«*e or four years previous
 to January »Tih, 1-17, resided in Mar
 shall, Calhoun county, Michigan, a
 colored family, consisting of Adam
 Cross white, his wife and live children,
 the youngest lmr« in Marshall
 Cross white was sober, industrious,
 honest, and intelligent, and had won
 the regard of all by whom he had been
 employed. His w ife was a member of
 the Methodist Episcopal Church, and
 his children were regular attendants
 on the public and Sabbath schools.
 Early ill the morning of the day
 above-mentioned, a rumor rati through
 the village of Marsha!!, that the house
 of Crossvthite had been forcibly entered
 by three or four men from Kentucky,
THE NORTH STAR.
I and that they claimed, and were about
 to remore him and hia family as fugi
 tive slaves.
 The rumor in a short time drew
 i round the house ot Crosswhite a crowd,
 variously estimated, as consisting of
 from one to two hundred people. Some
 of them were drawn thither from
 friendship, some from curiosity merely,
 and others, including the responsible
 Defendants, were actuated by their in
 terest in the cause of liberty, and by a
 desire to preserve the peace and order
 of the neighborhood undisturbed.
 They found at, or near the house,
 Francis Troutman, and three other
 persons, who represented themselves
 as agents of Francis Giltner, the
 former master and owner of the unfor
 tunate family.
 j Among the first of the citizens of
 Marshall that arrived at the house, was
 Calvin Hacket, a colored man, who
 approached with the intention of enter
 ing, but Mr. Troutman, with a pistol in
 his hand, ordered him back.
 In regard to what was actually said
 by the people at the time, the accounts l
 given by different witnesses are vari
 ous and contradictory.
 It is not pretended that any 'violence
 whatever was offered to Mr. Troutman
 or his associates, except by one or two
 of the blacks, who approached Trout
 man in a menacing manner, but as soon,
 as they were observed, others inter
 fered to check them, and they desisted,
 and this took place before the crowd
 were apprised that Troutman was pres
 ent under a claim of right.
 The crowd was somewhat evcited;
 the general impression was, that the
 proceedings of Mr. Troutman were not
 authorized by law’, and it is conceded
 that Mr. Troutman was given to under
 stand that any but a strictly legal inter
 ference would not be tolerated.
 While the people were conferring;
 with each other and the Kentuckians,
 Hacket had obtained a w arrant against
 Troutman for an assault upon his per
 son, and Crosswhite a warrant for a
 trespass upon his house.
 Mr. Troutman’s associates left the
 neighborhood of the house, and a large
 part of the crowd at the same time went
 away. Mr. Troutman continued in
 conversation with Ihose who remained,
 but finally, upon his suggestion, the
 crowd separated and retired.
 The trial of the complainants, upon
 which the warrants were issued, occu
 pied *the remainder of the day, and a
 part of the next.
 In the course of tNb intervening
 night, Crosswhite procured a team,
 proceeded with his family to Jackson,
 and there, the next morning, they took
 the rail-cars for Detroit, and thence es
 caped into the British Dominions.
 The summer following, the claimant
 instituted a suit against several of the
 individuals that constituted the crowd,
 for the purpose of recovering damages
 occasioned by obstructions to his
 agents in their attempt to recover his
 slaves.
 The suit was founded on a Statute of
 the Union, passed in 179 J, and was
 brought in the Circuit Court of the
 United States. It was commenced
 against thirteen defendants; one was
 not served with a process, and against
 five a discontinuance was entered; and
 among those retained, the only ones of
 pecuniary responsibility were Charles
 T. Gorham, Jarvis Hurd, and Oliver
 C. Comstock, Jr., and upon whom the
 whole burden of liability was throw n.
 The cause was tried for the first time
 at the term of June, 1848, when the
 jury, after a long hearing, were unable
 to agree.
 A second trial was had at the term in
 November last, and a verdict was ren
 dered for the plaintiff, assessing his
 damages at nineteen hundred and
 tw’enty-six dollars.
 This sum, added to the taxable costs
 of the plaintiff', and the expenses in
 curred in the defence, will swell the
 amount, which the defendant will be
 forced to pay, to six thousand dollars,
 in addition to the serious loss they have
 already encountered, in the attention
 which they have been obliged to devote
 to their defence for more than a year,
 and the neglect of their personal busi
 ness. which has necessarily followed.
 The defendants are able to meet this
 amount from their own resources, but
 of course not without personal incon
 venience and embarrassment.
 Their friends believe that there are
 circuinstaoces in the attitude of the
 defendants, that cannot fail to awaken
 general sympathy in their behalf.
 The Statute on which the suit is
 founded, is in opposition to the spirit
 and tenor of the common law, and in
 the opinion of many, inconsistent with
 the rights of the Free States.
 The Statute, rigorous in itself, has
 been in the preseut instance rigorously
 applied. The testimony relating to
 that part of the case from which the
 liability of the defendants was deduci
 ble, was directly contradictory. It
 was natural in a case resting on such
 evidence,reasonable doubts would haye
 been entertained, and that these dolSii,
 being allowed, in conformity to a fa
 miliar principle of law, to weigh for the
 defendants, would turn the balance in
 their favor.
 The worst imputation that can be
 laid to the charge of the defendants,
 taking the facts in the light most unfa
 vorable to them as detailed by the prin
 cipal actor and witness, (Troutman,)
 is, that they were less sensitive to the
 mandates of an odious and oppressive
 law, than they were to the dictates ol
 humanity.
 The friends of the defendant per
 suade themselves that very many of the
 community will be glad of an oppor
 tunity of manifesting their respect for
 the meritorious motives that actuated
 them, and their sympathy for the pe
right is of no sex—truth is of no color-god is the father of ds Jblnd all we are brethren.
t culiar hardships to which they have
 been exposed, by contributing, each
 according to his means, to relieve them
 from the heavy responsibilities they have
 incurred.
 With these views, a large and re
 spectable meeting of the citizens of
 i Marshall assembled on the 90th ulti
 mo, adopted the resolution, a copy of
 which is subjoined, and appointed the
 undersigned a Committee of Corre
 spondence to submit the claims of the
 defendants to the community.
 In pursuance of the duty with which
 we have been charged, we take the
 liberty to transmit this circular to your
 address, to solicit you a contribu
 tion towards the rZ. 3f of the defend
 ants, and to ask your influence in ob
 taining a similar contribution from
 others in your vicinity, in such a man
 ner as you may think best.
 The judgment in the case will not
 probably be enforced till after June,
 and an obligation to contribute, within
 I the intervening period, will be as avail
 i able as money.
 For the fund that may be created by
 the expected contributions, George F.
 I Porter, Esq., of Detroit, has consented
 to act as Treasurer, and contributions
 forwarded to him will be promptly ac
 knowledged.
 It has been suggested that a record
 of subscribers’ names, and of the do
 -1 ings of all public meetings on the sub
 ject, be preserved, and a copy trans
 mitted to the Committee of Corre
 spondence, in order, should circum
 stances make it expedient, that they
 may hereafter be published.
 Robert Cross.
 Charles Dickey,
 J. Wright Gordon,
 J. Chedsey,
 Hovey K. Clarke.
 Peterboro, Feb. 6, 1849.
 Hovey K. Clarke —Dear Sir:—l
 thank you for the printed circular. I
 passed through Detroit time of the
 trial last June, to which the circular
 refers. What atrial! Whether cer
 tain persons were slaves, was one of
 the decisive questions. What a ques
 tion to be entertained by a Court of
 Justice in the middle of the nineteenth
 century! Such a Court admitting that
 slavery, which is the greatest of all
 outrages, is capable of legalization!
 Detroit was unmoved by the abom
 inable scene, which was passing in her
 Court House. My “spirit was stirred
 in” me, as much as Paul’s was at the
 delusions of the Athenians. Never
 had I felt so strong a desire to lift up
 my voice. I earnestly hoped that the
 abolitionists of Detroit would invite me
 to do so. I sought out a few of them.
 But I found that they were not aboli
 tionists of my stamp. They were all
 for John P. Hale and moderation. I
 had an interview with the defendants.
 Good and true fellows they appeared to
 be. I entreated one of their counsel
 to secure an easy and glorious triumph
 by going straight to the hearts of the
 jurors with irresistible anti-slavery
 truth. I burned to have those jurors
 told that law is for the protection, and
 not for the destruction of rights; and
 that it is no more absurd to talk of le
 galizing the enslavement of God him
 self, than the enslavement of beings
 made in his image, and redeemed by
 the blood of his son; no more absurd
 to talk of converting God himself, than
 of converting man into a chattel —a
 thing. But not only were the counsel
 unprepared to take this view, but, alas,
 they were not so much as prepared to
 deny that the clause in the Constitution
 respecting fugitives from service,, refers
 to slaves!
 All should admit, that whilst the
 language of this clause can easily be
 interpreted to refer to other classes of
 persons, it cannot possibly be Inter
 preted to refer to slaves. But the
 clause is one of the compromises of the
 Constitution! Out upon that lying tra
 dition! What, however, it it were one
 of such compromises? That would not
 determine its meaning. The clause is
 self-determining; and we have, there
 fore, no right to go back, or aside, to
 learn its meaning. But there is no
 evidence that it is one of such compro
 mises. On the contrary, there is abund
 ant evidence that it is not.
 The Convention which framed the
 Constitution, closed its labors the l?th
 of December. Nothing had beeu said
 in it respecting fugitives from service,
 until 28th August. On that day says
 Mr. Madison, Mr. Butler and Mr.
 Pinckney moved to require ‘fugitive
 slaves and servants to be delivered up
 like criminals. Objections were
 raised to the motion, and it was with
 drawn. The next day Mr. Butler re
 newed it, but with the word “slaves”
 left out. It was adopted without one
 word of debate, and without one dis
 senting voice. The most anti-slavery
 inan in the Convention did not fear that
 slavery could profit by such a motion.
 ’How amazing that men of sense and
 candor should persist in calling the
 Constitution pro-slavery! Ido not de
 ny that there were a few persons in the
 Convention who framed it (they were
 very few, however,) who sought to
 smuggle slavery into it. But what they
 undertook was utterly impracticable,
 inasmuch as it was in the face of the
 foregone conclusion that the Constitu
 tion must be an instrument avowedly to
 secure the blessings of liberty, an I in
 asmuch, too, as the Convention would
 not only not suffer the idea of property
 in man to pollute the pages of the Con
 stitution, b«4 would not suffer the word
 “servitude** to remain in it, this word
 denoting, iu the judgment of the Con
 vention, the condition of a slave.
 1 will not blame the defendants, tho
 I hope that the next time they will em
 ploy men of more courage, heart,
 manliness. The obtaining of ajudg.
 meat against then, because of their hu-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1849.
manity toward their poor brothers mod
 sisters, whom devil-meo were endeav
 oring to replunge into slavery, was a
 very cruel and wicked wrong. I deeply
 sympathize with them, and send them
 the within draft toward making up their
 loss of six thousand dollars. Many, I
 .hope, will contribute to the same end.
 Very respectfully,
 Your friend,
 GERRIT SMITH.
From ilie True Westerns.
 FUGITIVE* IN CANADA.
 When 1 closed my numbers under
 this head, I thought I should not trou
 ble the readers of the Wesleyan further
 with the wants of tMs interesting peo
 ple. But I have just received informa
 tion of the entire approval of my plans
 by the Board of Missions of the Wes
 leyan Methodist Connection, which in
 duces me to make another appe&amp;ltothe
 friends of humanity for aid to carry
 those plans into effect.
 The education of the colored youth
 of that Province, is the subject I wish
 to notice. There are five or six schools
 in operation for colored children and
 youth. But we want three or four times
 that number, and if our friends will do
 what they easily can do, we can have
 that uumber in a short time. More, we
 can have every colored child in Can
 ada in school, if the parents are willing,
 and there will be very few cases of un
 willingness. As I stated in my num
 bers, the government has appropriated
 $200,000 per annum to support common
 schools. But no school section or, as;
 we call it, district, can draw its share
 of that fund, unless it raise at least an
 equal amount. Sections may raise as
 much more as they please, but they
 cannot draw public money unless they
 raise as much for school purposes as
 they draw from the government. The
 sections must build their own school
 houses, and raise as mucn as they re-i
 ceive from the government. This the
 colored settlements are unable to do.—!
 My plan is to assist them to draw their;
 proportion of the public money, by
 aiding them to build school-houses, and
 to make up the required amount, and
 to place the schools now in operation
 under the school-law. In this way, we
 can secure to the colored children of
 Canada the same advantages the whites
 have. Educate them with the whites,
 in the same schools, where they will
 not be crushed by any sense of inferi
 ority, but as equals, under equal laws,
 enjoying equal advantages, receiving
 equal education, take their place as
 citizens -of a emwnMMißwrtty. There
 we can make the the colored man all
 he is capable of being. Here is a green
 spot in the mighty desert, and I want it
 cultivated. f
 But some may have their fears that
 the colored children would be neglect
 ed in these schools. We can place
 our own teachers in these schools—
 teachers who will do the colored child
 ren justice. This matter I fully in
 quired into when in Canada. We can
 do all in Government schools for the
 colored children that we can do for
 them in independent schools, such as
 we now' have, without having the
 children feel degraied by having to
 go to a school in which white children
 will not stoop to enter—to a Jim Crow
 School.
 The colored population of that Pro
 vince is, according to the best informa
 tion I could get, 25,000. What an
 object to educate the youth of such a
 number, and prove the colored man’s
 capability of moral, civil, intellectual
 and religious elevation, and demon
 strate the safety of freedom to the
 slave—the most important thing in
 the great and mighty anti-slavery en
 terprise!
 But what will it require to effect this
 great object? Comparatively a small
 sum; far less than some of the Mission
 Boards of this country have expended;
 on the outfit of a single Mission. I
 think I could connect the whole colored
 population of Canada with the govern
 ment schools with $2000; and continue
 them in schools the second year for
 half that amount, and a less sum every
 succeeding year, until fittle or no aid
 would be required. I mean, $2,000
 would get up the school-houses and
 keep them in school one year. It might
 take some more; it might not take as!
 much—a small sum lor so great an I
 ohject. I have thought of several
 ways to raise this sum, and do up the
 matter at once, and have concluded to
 propose the following:
 Let one hundred persons give $5
 each, and one hundred $1 each. This:
 would be $lOOO, or one-half the pro
 posed sum, by six hundred individuals, j
 Then let all the rest raise the other!
 half. Cannot one hundred persons be
 found in all the land who will give $5,
 each, and five hundred who will give
 each? Surely this number can be,
 found! I have made this proposition
 in a few places, and have on my sub-;
 scription books five $5 subscriber*!,;
 (paid, and sixty-nine $1 donations. I j
 propose further to open a place in the
 books of the present Board, to record j
 the names of these contributors; and
 not only the five and one dollar con
 tributors, but the names of all those
 who will give fifty cents, or any amount,
 for this object. T
 What say you, friends, to this?—;
 Shall it be carried into effect, or shall
 these long-injured, robbed and crushed j
 ones go still unblessed Heaven for- 1
 bid; and ie* *N the people say, Amen*|
 The way is oow open—fly to the relief
 of these long-injured ones. Send in,
 your contributions at once. I should
 like to have this matter off my hand* as
 soon as possible. These schools might
 all be gotten up this year. My health
 is now pretty good, and the Church of
 the living God baa demands on me in
 anodme direction; and so has the bleed
ing stare. I want to answer to those
 demands as soon as tbe fugitives are
 cared for, and tbeir wants supplied. O,
 brethren and friends, act as once! A
 i short time since I passed by tbe grave’s
 mouth, and thought my race was nearly
 run; but 1 have been restored to pretty
 good health, and Providence has di
 reeled my course to the fugitive, and
 has opened the way to bless them for
 ever, I waut to see it done, and done
 at once. Shall it be done? It is with
 you to say. May I anticipate your
 answer, and say it shall be done?
 I«et each one who may read this ar
 ticle fix in his heart before he lays
 the paper down, what share of this
 great work he ought to perform, and
 resolve to do it at once. Could I visit
 every* anti-slavery neighborhood, and
 make an appeal in person, I am confi
 dent, from the trials I have made, that
 twice the sum I have asked for would
 be forthcoming; but this is impossible;
 I shall visit as many places as I can,
 but I shall have to spend part of my
 time in Canada. A dollar given with
 out hearing the voice of the agent will
 do the fugitive as much good, and re
 ceive in the Great Day as much re
 ward, as one gotten by me or any other
 agent. Oh, friends, take hold, and
 bless, and lift up this people, in the
 name of the mighty God, and for the
 sake of the crushed and bleeding slave
 and the human race.
 Your humble fellow-laborer in the
 cause of suffering man,
 E.'SMITH,
 Superintendent of the
 Canada Mission.
 P. S.—Anti-Slavery papers are re
 spectfully requested to copy this article.
 e. s.
THE DISTICT OF COLUMBIA.
 A correspondent of the Concord
 (La.) Intelligencer has compiled the
 following statement of the action taken
 at various times in Congress, in refer-
 I ence to the abolition of slavery in the
 District of Columbia. It is an inter
 esting historical paragraph:
 In 1816, John Randolph, of Roan
 oke, brought forward a resolution fora
 committee “to inquire into the traffic
 of slaves in the District of Columbia,
 and lor legislative measures to put a
 stop to the same.” It was adopted
 without a division. On the 12th De
 cember*, 1827, Mr. Barney, of Mary
 land, offered a memorial for the re
 striction of slavery in the District,
 which, on his motion, was ordered to
 be printed. Mr. McDuffie, of South
 Carolina, objected to printing, but ex
 pressly admitted the right of Congress
 to grant the people of the District
 any. measure which they may deem ne
 cessary to free themselves from this
 deplorable evil.’ On the 6th of Jan
 uary, 1829, Mr. Miner, of Pennsyl
 vania, offered a resolution instructing
 the Committee on the District to in
 quire into the expediency of abolishing
 slavery within the same; and the vote
 was, ayes 114, nays 661 Mr. Mark
 Alexander, of Va., reported in sub
 stance, that slavery could not be abol
 ished in the District without the con
 sent of the people thereof. The same
 committee likewise reported a bill de-j
 daring negroes brought into the Dis
 trict, free! In 1825, a memorial,
 signed by 1200 of the citizens of the
 District, was presented, praying for the
 abolition of slavery there, and the pro
 ject was decidedly popular. On the
 23d January, 1836, Mr. John Tyler,
 then a Senator from Virginia, in one of
 a series of resolutions, conceded the
 right of Congress to abolish slavery in 1
 the District, with the consent of the'
 slave owners therein.”
PROGRESS.
 Every part of the civilized world
 bears the most unmistakable marks of
 human progress. It is seen in every
 branch of the mechanic arts, in labor- j
 saving machinery, in matters of prac
 tical science as applied to the every
 day wants and labors of the race, and
 in everything else pertaining to the
 material interests of mankind. There
 is more learning, and more extended
 intelligence among tbe masses of the
 people. They read more, and reason
 with more logical acuteness than dis
 tinguished the generations of some fifty
 years since. But with all these ad
 vances, one cannot see but little evi
 dence that the people are happier.—
 They have more luxuries, but at the
 same time they have more requiring
 tastes to gratify; they read more, but
 the more they read, the more certain
 they are to find the comparative pov- 1
 erty'of their intellectual attainments
 and the almost hopelessness of ever,
 getting beyond the confines of ignor
 ance—so vast tbe prospect beyond
 tneir immediate ken. Still, if partial j
 knowledge does not make mankind hap
 pier, as a whole, it has one good effect
 —it brings up some men to a point of
 manly self-denial and independence that
 makes them willing to throw aside the
 love for power, place and emolument,
 and stand up in the face of tbe giant
 follies, fanaticisms and hypocrisies of
 the world, and rebuke them in words
 fifing to their enormity; it learns men
 that the physical waots are but few, and
 tbat there are higher gratifications than
 result from a free use of the mere
 luxuries of life; it teaches men that
 self-denial, and sometimes suffering, if
 experienced in sustaining a great nigral
 or political principle, is happiness; it
 raises up men of bone and sinew enough
 to battle with and conquer tbe great
 popular fallacies in politics, religioo,
 trade, and morals. These men are an
 index or guideboard to a better stale 01
 society, and they mark the different
 steps of progress of tbe human race
 upon the great road to happiness,
 though tar in advance of the actual
 crowd. To them we owe the reforms
of tbe church and Stale —partial and
 unsatisfactory it may be, hut still pro
 gressive; to them we owe every hu
 manizing and benevolent move made in
 society. They are scoffed at and hoot
 ed in their day and generation, but the
 next following deifies them
 statues crowned with laurel, and the
 tablets of history are filled with their
 golden deeds. The advance made in
 the slavery question in the United
 I States, the movement made for the:
 Homestead Law, and of every other
 sensible reform, mark the influence of
 these men on society, and mark, too,
 its progress.
 But the progress of the physical sci-l
 lences should attract some share of our
 attention. Hardly a day passes, but
 some new discovery is heralded to the
 world that promises to become an impor
 tant element in its future. One day it
 was a steam engine, another a railroad,
 another the magnetic telegraph, and to
 day a new method of illumination,
 which at an expense of a couple of pen
 nies an hour, will give the light of a
 thousand wax candles; to-morrow per
 haps a flying machine, and the next day
 something so much more wonderful
 that we now hesitate to name it in sober
 earnest. All this shows the wonderful
 activity of the human mind, and the or
 der of that human intellect whose
 higher powers are yet to be developed
 in he great march of human progress.
 —Boston Path-Finder.
LAMARTINE AND PEACE.
 The Herald of Peace publishes a let
 ter, dated January 8, from a gentleman
 in Paris to Eliliu Burritt, of which the
 following is an extract: —“Yesterday I
 saw Lamartine. Knowing how valu
 able his counsels would be to the cause
 of peace, at the moment when we are
 preparing for the Congress at Paris, I
 requested an audience of him, which he
 granted immediately. Presently, M.
 de Lamartine appeared, w ith a smile on
 his lips, and invited me to take a seat
 on a chair which he drew towards me.
 This great man, this poet-hearted De
 mosthenes, welcomed me w ith a smile.
 If I presume to present myself before
 you,’ said I, ‘it is because l have be
 hind me more than 40,000 voices from
 England and America, who address you
 in the name of humanity.’ ‘And what
 are those voices?’ ‘They are those ot
 the friends of peace, and I have come
 on their behalf to demand the support
 of your genius and eloquence.’ ‘But,
 Sir,’ answered he, ‘peace has always
 been my favorite thought—my
 cherished dream; I am the most fer
 vent apostle of peace. Peace, it is tea
 son!—Peace, it is of God. For ex
 ample—at the commencement of the
 Revolution of February, the warlike
 instincts, which had appeared for a
 long time to have slumbered in France,
 re-awakened in an instant. There
 were many causes from without, for
 that revival; but I stifled those
 ebullitions, of which the consequences
 might have been terrible. The con
 vulsive agitations which have shaken
 France from within, occasion me less
 anxiety, even now, than those warlike
 tendencies; and it is to coutrol these
 that I have from the first employed my
 efforts, and I have succeeded; and if 1
 had done nothing but this for my coun
 try, I should congratulate inyscit. But
 the moment is come to strike a decis
 ive blow, to give the ideas, which are
 everywhere confusedly floating, a defi
 nite tendency towards peace; the hour
 is arrived for organizing peace. Have
 you been long in Paris?’ ‘Sir,’ I re
 plied, ‘I am a Frenchman, and a repre
 sentative only of the gentlemen who
 propose coming very soon themselves
 to Paris, to hold a Congress.’ 'Well,
 t-ell them to make haste; tell them, that
 the Peace Societies ought, according
 to my advice, to have a delegate in
 every large town in Fiance, charged)
 with organizing meetings.’ ‘Thanks,*
 Sir, maitny thanks for this kind recep
 tion, and these valuable counsels;
 thanks, in the name of the friends ol
 peace and of humanity at large.’
 ‘Farewell, Sir.’ said Lamartine, as he
 conducted me out; ‘when Mr. Burritt
 comes again to Paris, bring him to me,
 and, above all, assure him, that univer
 sal peace is my dream and object.”—
 Nonconformist.
PEACE RESOLUTIONS.
 The Providence Daily Transcript,
 copying Mr. Tuck’s resolutions offered:
 in the Hous in favor of settling all ua- i
 tinnal differences by Arbitration, j
 says:—
 These Resolutions are creditable to*
 the head and the heart of the Hon. j
 Free Soil Representative; and such an
 tbe people of the North, and a great
 part of the South would rejoice to see
 developed. Such a proposition as is
 here recommended will be made to the
 nations. Why should it not come from
 tbe United States; claiming as we do
 the highest development of Republi
 canism, Civilization, and Christianity. I
 The truth is we are falling far behind,
 the age, white new-born Republics are
 outstripping ns in the progress which
 make the present era. We do not
 complain of the present Congress for
 refusing to pass these Resolution. To
 do so would be inconsistent, just coming
 as fhey do out of the crimes and blood
 of the war upon Mexico. Besides, the
 elevation of the leader of that national
 crime to the Presidency with the shouts
 of war, resolutions would be ridiculous
 unless it was done as an act of repeu
 tanre.
 We hope the matter will not rest
 here; tbat Mr. Tuck or some one else
 will press that subject till tbe n*t*»"
 aroused to tbe evils of war, and the
 humamtv and practicability of perpetual
 peace. The fusing of nntnvos into one
 Universal is s work which
 will yet engross the great heart of Hu-
JOHN PICK.
WHOLE NO. 67.
I manity. We honor the man who will
 sk or «ction in this direction when he
 hag to ask it against the world.
 A Damper. —The Washington cor
 respondent ofthe Now York Post says,
 that when the Cabinet nominations
 were under discussion, in Executive
 j session of the Senate, Mr. Westcott of
 I Ha. objected to Mr. Collamer, because
 'he was “tainted with abolitionism.”
 Atter the objection had been debated
 at some length, Mr. Seward of New
 York rose, and remarked that he sup
 posed he himself represented the most
 radical opinions upon Slavery that were
 1 held by any considerable body of the
 people at the North; and that he sup
 posed Mr. Collamer would substantial
 ■ly agree with him. With respect to
 i the objection made to this nomination,
 it was time there should be an under
 standing. He would therefore simply
 defy them to make this issue, to vote
 against this man upon this ground, and
 establish this principle. He had noth
 ing more to say at this time, and he took
 his seat, sub silentii. There was a sen
 sation, and after he had settled himself
 back in bis leathern cushions, there was
 a general buzz. Mr. Cullamer’s nomi
 nation was confirmed.
 SC?* Pretty good for Senator Seward,
 of the Empire State! We greatly fear
 ed his going in tor the Bloodhound
 President had used up all the Anti-§la
 very there was in him—or rather, it
 seemed to imply that there uever was
 any of the rigid stamp about ‘the man
 —but that dig’ he gave the men
 thieves in behalf of the new Postmaster
 General, sets up Senator S. at least
 o 0 per cent, iu our estimation.— Herk.
 Freeman.
Slavery in the District or
 Columbia. —The following passage,
 which is now circulating in British Jour
 nals, is said to represent a scene which
 has actually occured at Washington:
 Revolting Picture. —l turned to
 look for the doomed. She stood upon
 the auction stand. In stature she was
 of the middle size,slim and delicately
 built. Her skin was lighter than many
 a Northern biunette, and her features
 were round, with thin lips. Indeed,
 many thought no black blood coursed
 in her veins. Now despair sat on her
 countenance. O! I shall never forget
 that look. ‘Good heavens!’ejaculated
 one of the two fatheis ns he beheld the
 features of Helen, ‘is that beautifjl
 lady to be sold:’ Then fell upon my
 ear the auctioneer’s cry. ‘How much
 is said for this beautiful and healthy
 si-.o girl, a real Albino, a fancy girl
 gentleman?[!) Ilow much?—
 Who bids? handled dollars,’
 ‘Eight hundred,’ ‘OlTc thousand,’were
 soon bid by diderent purchasers. No
 one seemed disposed to raise the bid.
 Tbe crier then read from a paper in his
 hand, ‘She is intelligent, well informed,
 easy to communicate, a first rate in
 structress.’ This had the desired
 effect. ‘Twelve hundred,’ ‘Fourteen,’
 ‘Sixteen,’ quickly follow d. He read
 again—‘She is a devoted Christian,
 sustains the best of morals, and is per
 fectly trusty.’ This raised the bids to
 two thousand dollars, at which she was
 stuck off. —Here closed one of the
 darkest scenes in the book of time.
 This was an auction at which the
 hones, muscles, sinews, blood and
 nerves of a young lady of nineteen sold
 for one thousand dollars; her improved
 intellect for six hundreu more; and her
 Christianity, the person Christ in hu
 follower, four hundred more!
Abolition or Slavery in England.
 —Macaulay, in his History ol Eugland,
 gives the process hy which the slaves
 in our mother country gained their
 freedom, as follows:
 “It is remarkable that the two great
 est and most salutary social revo
 lutions which have taken place in
 England—the revolution which, in the
 thirteenth century, put an end to ty
 ranny of nation, and that revolution
 which, a few generations later, put un
 end to the property of man in man—
 were silently and imperceptibly effected.
 They struck contemporary observers
 with no surprise; and have received
 from historians very scanty measure of
 attention. They were brought about
 neither hy legislation nor hy physical
 force. Moraf causes noiselessly effaced,
 first the distinction between Norman
 and Saxon, and then the distinction
 between master and slave. None can
 venture to fix the precise moment at
 waich either distinction ceased.—Some
 faint traces of the old Norman feeling
 might perhaps have been found Lie in
 tbe fourteenth century. Some faint
 traces ol the institution of a villanage
 were detected hy the curious so late as
 the days of the Stuarts: nor has that
 institution ever, to this hour, been abol
 ished by statute.
 It would be unjust not to acnowledge
 tbat the chief agent in these two great
 deliverances was religion; it may p«r
 haps be doubted whether a purer re
 ligion might not have been found a less
 efficeint egenv”
 T»u Wealth.—- The wealth of a
 community,'* says .Mr. Oilman, in a
 i late number of his excellent work on
 l European Agriculture, its l*bor,
 its productive labor. A man is not the
 richer for houses which he cannot oc
 copy lands which he cannot use; mo
 ney which be cannot -pend, lie might
 own cont,n&lt;-m .0
 would ll*a* ...if He might dw
 of starvation m the vaults of the Bank
 of England. or in the undisturbed pos
 session of the richest Mimes of Peru.—
 Labor is the great source and instru
 ment ei subsistence and wealth."
T«a* Ma&gt; Move****.—Boh Johnson, a
 •lave belonging VO Mr. Meredith ol lb ones
 bom, nut sway, taking with bun b» wife and
 two children and a mulatto slave They took
 tbe cars at Cbwnbermborg, and are by thie
 time clear of all pursuit,
"
