"Notices.
FIFTEENTH ANNI'AL MF.ETINO
 A M Emil) 1. 8. 80C IKT».
 Th« FirrmTH of the
 American Anti-Slavery .Society will be held
 in the Tabernacle, Broadway, New York, on
 Tuesday the Bth day of May neat.
 The Anniversary at the Tabernacle repre
 sents to the country at large the progress, the'
 efficiency, and even the existence, of the Anti-:
 Slavery cause. It is to vast numbers of peo
 ple the only sign of the Continued real and'
 spirit of the Abolitionists, whose local meet
 ings they never hear of.
 The Business Meetings of the Society
 have always brought together in counsel a
 larger number of Abolitionists fr.jjn various
 parts of the Northern Stales than is ever con
 vened on any other occasion. The general;
 interests of the cause command, at that time, i
 s consideration which at no other can be given
 them.
 It has never, since the formation of the!
 society, been more apparent than at ihis mo
 ment, that the Anti-Slavery cause is left
 where it ever has been, in the hands of the
 members of the American Society. There is
 as yet no reason to suppose that Slavery will
 ever be abolished except through its efforts.
 The general importance of the Annual
 Meeting, and the aspect of the cause at this
 moment, which gives us every thing to hope
 for if we persevere,—everything to fear if
 we falter—appeal alike loudly to Abolitionists,
 all over the land, to make the ensuing Annual
 Meeting of the American Anti-Slavery Socie
 ty one that shall do more even than any pre
 vious one has done to drive the South to
 despair in defence of its felonious system of
 society, and the North to a more determined
 attitude than any portion of it has evet yet
 ventured to assume in defence of its own
 rights, and the assertion of the rights of the
 slave.
 WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Prest.
 Wendell Phillips, 0
 SH.Gav.
Anti-Slavery Meetings.
 Frederick Pouglass will hold meetings
 as follows, commencing at
 Seseca Falls, Wednesday, April 4th.
 Auburn, Thursday, sth.
 Skaneateles, Friday, Gib.
 Borodino, Sat. and Sun. 7&amp;8.
 Syracuse, Sunday, 9th.
 West Winfield, Wednesday, 11th.
 The friends at the above places will please
 make anrangements for meetings on the eve
 nings of the days named.
Extension of Suffrage in New Jersey.
 We learn with pleasure that the colored
 people of New Jersey are beginning to call
 for their rights as men and citizens of the
 state. The following appropriate petition has
 been circulated and sent into the Legislature,'
 but has been laid on the table without action.
 Our friend, the Rev. Charles W. Gardner,
 from whom we receive it, informs us that
 through the coming Summer, they hope to
 send lecturers into the field to stir up the state
 on the subject, and procure a more general
 and united action. We hope the design will
 be executed, and will result in a greatly in
 creased interest in the subject among all
 classes of the people.— Penn. Freeman.
 To the Senate and House of Assembly of the
 State of New Jersey at Trenton assembled.
 Gentlemen
 We the undersigned, petitioners of the
 State of New Jersey, being free colored
 citizens of the a bove-mentioned state, have
 for a long time felt grieved that we are, by a
 provision in the laws of this our state, de
 prived of the elective franchise and therefore
 do most respectfully petition and earnestly
 pray your honorable body to take? the subject
 into consideration at your present session, and
 use your influence to have the laws so altered
 in respect to us, as to remove the disability
 and grant us the right of elective franchise,!
 in common with, and under the same provi
 sions of other free taxable citizens of this
 state.
 And we are induced respectfully to ask
 this right, upon the following considerations
 First. Because we are taxed in common
 and equally with other citizens, which tax we
 have paid, and are willing so to do without
 complaining.
 Second. We ask it because our ancestors
 were among the pioneers of our country, and
 we are native born citizens, and have never by
 insurrections, mobs, or tumults, committed l
 any act whereby the public peace or safety
 was endangered.
 Third. Because we are now making as
 rapid improvements in moral, intelleetuafand
 political science as any other portion of the
 laboring class in the state, by maintaining
 churches, schools, temperance and beneficial
 societies, giving support to the general diffu
 sion of knowledge by contributing to support
 the nress in the expenditure of several thou
 sand dollars annually throughout the state,
 for newspapers, periodicals, &amp;e.
 Fourth. Because it is a right granted to
 foreigners of the same class who have been
 in the country fiom two to five years, and
 whose situations and prejudices in favor of
 the land of their nativity does not permit them
 to lie as well acquainted with republican in
 stitutions as we, the native born citizens of
 this state.
 Fifth. Because it is contrary to the genius
 and prosperity of any republican country to
 oppress her own home born sons it being a
 law in the universal government of God, that
 he who doeth a wrong lo his neighbor shall
 receive an evil to himself, and inasmuch as true j
 republicanism is based upon the laws of uni
 versal suffrage, it is a violation of this law,i
 and consequently pernicious to the fundament
 al piineiples of republican institutions to
 withhold a common light ftont any class or
 portion of an unoffending people.
 Sixth. Because it is unconstitutional; the
 framers of the constitution having pledaedi
 their honor, lives, and property never to sub- 1
 mil to taxation without representation, having
 carefully guarded this right by so article pro-' 1
 hibiting any state in the union from tuakino! 1
 it legal to disqualify any of her tax-paying l 1
 citizens for the exercise of the right to choose 1
 their representatives. j I
 Seventh, And lastly, we ask it from a full I
 conviction that the improvements of the age j 1
 the philanthropy of the state, and the good 1
 sense of out rulers have all fooked forward
 for such a movement and were only waiting 1
 for those most concerned therein, to enter
 upon the measure, and the work would be
 accomplished. All of which we must res- i
 pectfully submit lo the wisdom, justice, and
 truthfulness of your honorable body, and we
 shall most sincerely prsy, God save the eom-1 1
 mon wealth. i 1
 Princeton, New Jersey. j I
Slave-trade iu the Wave .State*.
 &lt;&gt;ne of the moat intereating, and it may yet
 one of the meet important circumstances bear
 mg on tiie existence of slavery, is the almost
 simultaneous movement in the slave Mutes to
 prevent the further inlorioction of slaves. A»
 the exclusion of slavery from our new terri
 tories becomes certain, the slaveholders in
 tl*e Southern tier of slave Stales apprehend
 such a rush of the slave atock of the Northern
 biaveholding States, aa will reduce the price
 of slaves arid impoverish them. They are
 tailing time by the forelock, and putting up the
bar*. The real intent and influence of the
 movement are at once perceived by tboae
 specially interested in keeping open the mar
 ket, and ibey cry out accordingly. A late
 number of the Richmond (Va.) Time*, in
 noticing the movement in Georgia for the pro
 hibition of the slave-trade, thus confirms the
 deep interest that Virginia takes m it:
 “We have, on several recent occasions,
 directed the attention of our readers to a move
 ment now going on in some of the Southern
 States, having lor its object the prohibition of
 the further introduction of slaves into those
 States I nun the slave States adjoining the free
 Stares. Esteeming this movement a matter
 of far greater practical importance than the
 question «»t restricting slavery in the distant
 territories of California and New-Mexico, we
 shall continue to note the progress of public
 opinion in its lavor."
 A like movement is called for, we see, in
 the Nashville Republican, Tennessee being
 alarmed in consequence of Mr. Clay’s letter,
 and the proposition involved w it, to send into
 other States the slaves of Kentucky. The
 South-West, we hope, will make the laws
 they are talking of. Thus upon one point,
 at least, North and South can agree.— .V. Y.
 Erangehst.
From the Liberator.
 Letter From H. C. Howells.
 Bristol, March 9, 1849.
 My Dear Friend Garrison
 I Ever since you were in this cJty, laboring
 for the poorest of the human family, I have
 had it, times without number, in ray heart to
 write to you largely out of its fulness; but
 my days, hours and minutes are so completely
 demanded for domestic and English service,
 that 1 have not been able, with other duties,
 to command time to write to you.
 1 lament to inform you that from this coun
 try a number of emigrants hare gone to Texas,
 Georgia, Tennessee and other slave Slates of
 America and to many their credulity, folly
 i and land mania have ended most disastrously.
 I now find a scheme set on foot by a highly
 respected Baptiet minister in Birmingham to
 purchase 15,000 acres of land in Texas, and
 to form a number of colonies there, of one
 thousand emigrants each. He vainly sup
 poses and says, We shall soon put down
 Texan slavery, and graft old English sober
 1 sense on Jonathan’s go-ahead-ism. These
 colonies are to be founded chiefly of religious
 people.
 I have published two letters in the British
 Banner to warn Christians from going to the
 slave States of America, and yesterday I sent
 a third on the same subject. 1 have in other
 papers, as well as in the Banner, called the
 public attention to the sufferings of emigrants,
 and the loss of life in the steerage of ships,
 during the middle passage,’ second only to
 that of the slave ships.
 Now my dear friend, if you would employ
 your able pen in laying before emigrants the
 fearful consequences they will incur by going
 to settle in the Sodom of America, I will get
 it published in as many papers in Great Brit
 ain as possible.
 I have watched with deepest interest and
 unspeakable delight, the rapid advance of the
 holy principles of abolition in the United
 States; and although the advocates of the
 Free Soil party have not sufficient moral in
 tegrity to unite with the vanguard, they are
 doing battle against the demon of slavery' ac
 cording to their small measure, and are, there
 fore, doing a good work, that will tell upon
 the common foe of God and man.
 Present my kind love to Henry C. Wright, j
 I doubt not he is honest and sinceie in all his I
 views, though I believe him to be mistaken in
 some of his conclusions. I prefer Ins, how
 ever, to those of a Rev. D. D.’ whom I
 knew in Western Pennsylvania. He also
 reasoned from the immutability of the Divine
 Being, and stated that as God commanded
 wars under the Old Testament, they may also
 be justifiable and pleasip-r to Dim under the
 New’! I know nothing iliat deserves the
 name of infidelity to Christ more than lhat.
 The gold of California is, 1 tear, templing
 many to their own ruin. You will, rny dear
 friend, greatly oblige ine by sending me, by
 mail, a thin sheet map, colored, of the United
 i States, including their late additions from
 Mexico, in a letter.
 I feel truly thankful lhat you have been res
 tored from your second attack of illness, in
 both of which you had my very affectionate
 sympathy. My prayer is that He who has
 prepared you for the fight will make you
 strong, Ire your shield, and lengthen your days,
 like those of the venerable Clarkson, umil you
 shall hear the shout that Babylon is fallen, is
 fallen,' and see your native Country a free and
 happy land. In lhat land hoping again to see
 your face, I remain,
 Your ever affectionate friend,
 HENRY C. HOWELLS, j
 N. B. My kind love to the noble Douglass.
From the Sailor's Magazine.
 Colored Sailor’s Home, N. York.
 The undersigned, keeper &lt;&lt;f the Colored
 i Sailor’s Home in the city of New York, begs
 leave to submit to the Christian community
 I the fi llowing statement:
 In 1a39, naerly ten years ago, the condition
 of the 2000, colored seamen sailing out of
 this port was urged upon his attention. He
 found them subject to all the vices common a
 mong seamen, with very little molive for self
 i respect, and less encouragement of gaining
 the respect of others. Can they be elevatid and
 saved 1 was a question most seriously ponde ed.
 Two years before the American Seamen’s
 Friend Soceity had made a successful move
 ment in tiie establishment of a Home for other
 sailors; and the same fiiends asked, why not
 also have a Home for the colored.? At their
 instance and advice, accompanied by some pe
 cuniary aid, the Colored Sailors Home was
 opened. Notwithstanding the narrowness of
 its accommodations, and much pecuniary em
 barrassment, it has continued to be a refuge for
 tempted, a protection for virtous, and a
 house of mercy for the wrecked and destitute, j
 The whole number of boarders has been a
 bout 1,175, or an anual average 440. Of the
 whole number, s&lt;&gt;o destitute sailors, true ob
 jects of charity, have recieved relief in board
 and clotlieing, on an average of $3 each, a-]
 mounting to sl,fiho. In the mean time many
 have been refused admittance for the want of
 means to assist them.
 Finding it neccessary either to abandon the
 enterprise of keeping up a Home for colored 1
 seamen, or to have a house rommodius and
 comfortable for such a purpose, the undersign-
 ed has hired the three story brick building at
 330 Pearl St. On the first of May he hopes to
 open it under auspices of greater good to his
 colored bretheren of the sea than ever enjoyed
 before. Hut in order to do it, he is compelled
 to make his first public appeal to the friends of
 the cause for aid. To procure beds and bed
 ing and furniture, and to pay his additional
 rent, will sink the enterprise, unless friends
 voluntarily come to his relielf. And this rel.ef
 he earnstly asks; not on his own account, but
 on account of his brethern, who may, through
 the instrumentality of a well regulated home,
 be saved from wretchedness here and here
 after. Grateful acknowledgements are due
 for early and recent aid; and among the re
 eent, s2o worth ot necessary articles from the
 Udies’ Bethel Society, Newbuiyport, Mass.
 I he friends of the cause are respectfully re
 ared to any of the officers of the American
 earner,V Friend Society to ascertain the ne
 cessities of this case, and whether the much
 needed aid will he most wisely and uaefulv ex
 pended.
 WILLIAM P. POWEL,
 &gt;,(C olored Sailor’* Home,
 April I, lH4y, 890 Pwl N« York.
IHiPilo hi Ms. Our streets, nolwiihsland
 ingtf.e mud. present an animated appearance
 the crusaders leave os with their ox-teams,
 hound for ahforma. Though our people are
 near the frontiers, and are used io witness
 strange sights, yet a crowd will gather around
 these I ravelling arks. The lungiouruey of
 two thousand miles, seems doubly long, when
 it is seen that this whole rout ts to he tra
 versed with oxen. —Milwaukee Wnonun.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 7, 1849.
“A T«uni ro* mNieio; hrtng i »i«di*
 Cation of the moral ud rrltytn'n rapbiliM. of
 the rolorrd portion of mankind; with pnrtmrtnr
 rrfrrrorr to dr Africa* rare i Moat rated bir
 meroos biographical —anecdote*,
 Ac., and on r Nperitr By Wit
 so 5 AaaiiTiiD."
 A copy of this long looked for work has
 reached our table. It is a volume of five hun
 dred and sixty four pages, neatly bound, well
 printed and on excellent paper. The superior
 portraits referred to in the title page, raise ex
 pectations not to be gratified on looking j nto
 the book—for with but two exceptions—they
 are of the commonest sort. The book would
 hare been better without than with them. The
 one of Mr. Pennington gitres but a poor idea
 of the man, and does him plain injustice. That
 of the brave Cinque, falls far short of express
 ing the bold and majestic bearing of this heroic
 son of the forest, and is little better than a bur
 lesque upon the fine picture of him, owned by
 our friend Purvis. That of Frederick Doug
 lass, we shall leave to others to criticise, beg
 ging only to remark that, it has a much more
 kindly and amiable expression, than is gene
 rally thought to characterize the face of .a fu
 gitive slave. Never having seen the other
 persons, whom the additional portraits are de
 signed to represent, we say nothing ITf them,
 but hope they are truer liknesses than either
 that of Pennington, Cinque, or Douglass. Be
 fore quitting the pictures, we shall venture one
 remark, w Inch we have never heard expressed
 before, and which will, perhaps, be set down
 to the account of our negro vanity; and it may
 be, not unjustly so, but we have presented it
 for what it may be worth. It is this, negroes
 can never have impartial portraits, at the hands
 of white artists. It seems to us next to im
 possible for white men to take likenesses of
 black men, without most grossly exaggerating
 their distinctive features. And the reason is
 obvious. Artists, like all other w hite persons
 have adopted a theory respecting the distinc
 tive features of negro physionomy. We have
 heard many w hite persons say, that “negroes
 look all alike,” and that they could not distin
 guish between the old and the young, The)
 associate with the negro face, high cheel
 bones, distended nostril, depressed nose, thicl
 i lips, and retreating foreheads. This theory im
 pressed strongly upon the mind of an artisi
 exercises a poweiful influence over his pencil
 and very naturally leads him to distort and ex
 aggerate those peculiarities, even when the)
 scarcely exist in the original. The templa
 tion to make the likeness of ihe negro, rathe;
 than of the roan, is very strong; and oftei
 leads the artist, as well as the player “to over
 step the modesty of nature.” There is th&lt;
 greatest variety of form and feature among us
 and there is seldom one face to be found
 which has all the features, usually attribntei
 to the negro; and there are those, from vvhici
 these marks of African descent (while tliei
 color remains unchanged,) have disappearet
 entirely. “I am black, but comely,” is ai
 true now, as it was in the days of Solomon
 Perhaps, we should not be more impartial thai
 1 our white brothers, should we altempt to pic
 ture them. We should be as likely to gel tliei
 lips too thin, noses too sharp and pinched up
 j their cheeks too lantern-like, their hair toi
 lank and lifeless, and their faces altogethe
 too cadaverous. But we must let the picturi
 go, and console ourselves as Thos. Whitsoi
 op.ee did, when he told us he should becorpi
 handsome, if public opinion was changed
 For our part, we like a large nose, whether i
 be flat or sharp, no matter which, so thi
 i metal is there. Every one to his taste, so h&lt;
 does not trample on human rights.
 The Book under consideration, while it con
 tains very little which lias not been presents
 to the public before, in one shape or another
 is, nevertheless, a most valuable work. In ar
 rangemeni and literary ability it is by m
 means remarkable it is plain, simple, trulhfu
 i and is chiefly valuable as the repository of
 luminous and brilliant array of testimony, ii
 favor of our claims to be regarded as equa
 members of the great human family, wit!
 the rest of mankind, gathered with much in
 dustry, from the most valuable sources. Tin
 Author has evidently said less than he desired
 i possessing a warm heart, and a clear under
 standing, of the manifold wrongs, growing
 out of enormous views respecting the negr&lt;
 character; he could, perhaps, have covere&lt;
 the whole ground, with arguments as good a
 i those he has adduced, from more
 j sources. But he has wisely and generoush
 I allowed others to speak, so that out of tin
 mouths of many witnesses, the truth shall b
 J established. In this we see a disinterested de
 sire, to serve a righteous cause, rather thai
 to gratify an ambitions taste for display
 Mr. Armistead acknowledges his indebtedne
 to the w ritings of Abbe Gregoire, Bloomen
 J bach. Pritchard, Horn, Phillip, Channing
 Pringle, Shaw, Barrow, Valiant,MungoJParl
 Buffon, and many other distinguished men
 writers, tourists and missionaries—all testify
 ing to the manly capabilities cf the negro, anc
 i proving him to be a man and a brother.
 In proof of the ancient greatness of th(
 negro race, the testimony of Herodotus ant
 Volney is adduced. In addition to this sort ol
 testimony, we have many extracts frofa th&lt;
 writings, speeches, poems and narratives 01
 distinguished colored persons. The whole
 work abounds in evidence of the natural kind
 ness of heart, gentleness, hospitality and hon
 esty of the negro race. Missionaries, sea
 captains, and others, testify that the negro is
 peculiarly susceptible of religious impressions.
 Facts are presented, showing that in many
 parts of Africa quite a high point of civiliza
 tion has already been attained. Articles of
 apparel, manufactured by the natives, prove
 the skill and ingenuity of the African race.—
 Instances are referred to, illustrating the readi
 ness and ease with w hich the colored race
 assimilate with the habits and customs of a
 higher civilization. The fact that negroes
 are as eager to improve their condition and
 obtain education as other men, is alleged.
 Color is accounted for by climate, food and
 habits. Various facts are adduced in favor
 of this position, and we think they are quite
 conclusive. Haiti, with her heroes, ia strongly
 brought out and ibe voice of youthful Li
 beria is heard in testimony of negro capa
 bilities.
 The philanthropic author doea not content
 himself with a mere cold and clear dtsquiai
 tion on the capabilities of the negro, but
handle* forth a poo the tempestuous of
 reform. Hit sympathies ore todl«d— his
 begrt melts in pity for the loug-imbtuted tod
 perishing bondman—his son! i* filed with a
 sense of the atrecasas sod multiplied iojumice
 and tytsnny which the latter have endured at
 the hands of their opptessors and while he
 weeps bitterly with the oppressed, be strongly
 rebukes the giuhy oppressor. Into the teeth
 of the tyrant ho burls the truthful rebuke—
 If the negro is degraded, you are the guilty
 esose of his degradation and, as O’f'onnel]
 once said to England, Try justice to Ireland,
 before you resort to force.’ There is in
 these passages so much genuine sympathy for
 the suffeting, and indignation for the monsters
 who gain their fortunes by the blood of souls,
 and, withal, such an intelligent view of the
 duties of this nation to the plundered slave,
 that the heart of the most radical abolitionist
 in this country would be wanned, cheered and
 strengthened by their perusal.
 After all, however, we have perused this
 book with mingled emotions—deeply gratified
 that the work has beer so ably and generously
 performed by Mr. Armstead, yet grieved and
 morticed that such a work seemed needful to
 be done. Here is a large volume, made up
 of extracts from the {sayings of authors—
 travellers, missionaries, sea-captains, doctors,
 lawyers, and philosophers,—and all these to
 prove, what? Simply, that the piesent re
 viewer is a member of the human family, and
 ought to be so regarded. If our dark cheek
 could reveal our feelings, words would be
 unnecessary to the beholder. Whai a fact to
 be handed down to coming generations, that
 the Christian people of England and America
 had become so hardened by crime, and blinded
 by prejudice, that, in the year 1849, they
 needed the light of a volume of nearly six
 hundred pages to distinguish their brother
 man from the beast of the field. The anti
 quarian of coming ages will search out this
 work as one of the literary curiosities of the
 nineteenth century, and will produce it as
 evidence of the daikness of this age. What
 a commentary upon our enlightenment, that
 we must have books to prove what is palpable
 even to the brute creation—to wit: the negro
 is a man!
 Here we are plowing, planting, reaping—
 using all kinds of mechanical tools—building
 houses, budges, ships—working in metals of
 brass, iron, copper, silver and gold—living in
 families as husbands and wives, brothers and
 sisters, parents and children—supporting and
 sustaining week and Sabbath-day schools—
 reading, writing, cyphering—acting as clerks,
 secretaries, merchants having among us
 lawyers, ministers, doctors, poets, authors,
 editors, orators, teachers—building ships on
 land, and navigating them at sea—taming
 and domesticating animals on land, and pur
 suing the huge leviathans of the Pacific
 here we are walking, talking, actirfg, feeling,
 thinking, planning—in a word, engaged in all
 the professions and callings into which other
 men press, and which are open to us, with
 our minds grasping in the fulness of manly
 strength the awfully sublime idea, one Su
 preme God, w’ho is the Common Father and
 Creator of us all; and vet, with these facts
 before the Christian world, it requires a book
 to prove that the negro is a man and an equal
 brother, having equal capabilities with the
 rest of mankind. Shame on the hardness ol
 heart and blindness of mind
 But Iqt us not be discouraged or indignant;
 The world is making progress, though the
 movement be so slow at times as scarcely to
 be perceptible. We have now before us a
 work nearly two centuries old, advocating
 and suing for the negro's admission into the
 church and called A Persuasive to the
 Instructing and Baptising Negroes and In
 dians. By Morgan Godwyn.”* On perusing
 this volume, we find that ground much lower
 is occupied by the writer, than that taken bv
 the author of the Tribute and that the
 material of the former for making his work,
 seems to have been far less than that of the
 latter. Let us hope that the time may come
 when it will not be necessary for our friends
 to write Tributes, or make persuasive appeals
 to the church and the world on our behalf;
 but when we shall present such incontestable
 evidence of our manhood, as shall seal the
 lips of calumny and persecution for ever.
 We recommend this work especially to the
 nagro-haters of our own Christian land we
 recommend it to our “negro pew churches
 and our negro-hating priesthood, and ask
 them to look at its facts, statements, reason
 ings, and lay its mighty truths to heart; re
 membering that the work is not that of a
 wild enthusiast who bends facts, no matter
 how inconsistent and opposed to his theory,
 i to suit his purpose but that of a calm, dis
 interested Christian and scholai, with a heart
 alive to human woe, and whose only aim in
 these pages, appears to be to befriend the
 helpless. We "would also commend the
 work to our own beloved but heart-broken
 J brethren, the victims of prejudice and sla
 very. The book should be in all your
 houses, and those who can ought to purchase
 one and possess it. We need and ought to
 possess it. We need it, as a'means of refut
 ing with their own w capons and on their ow n
 ground, the cruel calumniators of our race,
 as well as to inspire us with higher aspira
 tions and a nobler zeal and earnestness in the
 cause of our own elevation and improvement.
 W e observe that one of our exchanges,
 the Ram's Horn, alleges the complaint, that
 the work takes too low ground with respect
 to our abilities as a people. The complaint
 is not only unjust, but, in the person who
 prefers it, immodest. A work admitting the
 brilliant talents and genius of many of our
 number, and vindicating the capabilities of
 the whole people, is quite as much as we can
 ask or justly demand. As much or more in
 jury is done by an over estimate of oui abili
 ties, as by an under estimation of them. W«
 would be just, though we should theieby
 pluck wreaths of glory from the brow of our
 own people, and consign us to an inferior
 sphere in the ranks of human brotherhood.
 That Africa is behind Europe in the pathway
 of improvement it i« madness, if nothing
 worse, to pretend to doubt; and in such cir
 cumstances Africa ought to be thankful for a
 simple vindication of her eipabilnies. For
 our pan, as a mao, a slave, and an humble
 advocate for emancipation, and as a child of
 Africa, we thank, from the very depth of our
 heart, W ilsom AtMisTKso, for the faithful
 oem of this book, and the great good which
 Presented to Frederick Dooglass, while at
 England, by John (iibeon Esq.
we before will result from fee publication on
 both foies the Atlantic.— f- P
 The Tribetr for the fit fro say be otesised
 rf WHtam Hsrned, «1 Jgha Strret New York,
 and of O. W. Taj lor, pybifclphia
 THtßrrsACTaxios which oui fiiesd Gerrit
 Smith requires of us, as a preliminary to dis
 cussing: the character of the Constitution,
 cannot be made until it be shown that the
 groond occupied by us in regard to that in
 strument is untenable. To say that such
 retractation is necessary, is easy to show it
 such, will perhaps require some labor.—r. D.
 The Ram's Horn] comes to us this week
 much improved in matter and in manner.—
 The editor has added another proof to the
 truth of the old adage-Mhat one is nerer too
 old to learn.—r. o.
Capita Punishment.
 Since the abolition of the Death Penalty in
 Michigan, fearful stones bare been afloat of
 the prevalence of murder, in that State. Were
 proper measures taken to arrive at a correct
 result, it would probably be found that crime
 haa not increased in a greater than usual pro
 portion to the increase of population. And if
 it has, still the difficult task remains of show
 ing, that it has increased in consequence of
 the removal of the Death Penalty. It is
 satisfactory to learn, however, that there is lit
 tle prospenof the &lt;"?Tbws being re-erected in
 that state. The Lansing Free Press of the
 20th ult. says:
 In the House of Representatives, on the
 13tb, Mr. Ferguson, from the Committee on
 the Judiciary, reported that, in the opinion
 of the Committee, it is not adv isable to change
 the existing laws requiring the crime of mur
 der to be'punished by imprisonment for life in
 the State Prison.” The report was accepted,
 and the Committee discharged from the far
 ther consideration of the subject.
 So the lovers of the horrible in Michigan
 need not, for the present, anticipate any treat
 of that description.
 A correspondent in De Ruyter,N. Y. writes
 ns on the general subject of Capital Punish
 ment. He is entirely opposed to it, affirming
 that ciuel and revengeful laws have a tendency
 to make men cruel and revengeful. I per
 fectly agree with him, as far as he goes but
 he does not go far enough. He sees only
 one side of the picture. Who makes the
 j laws? Is not the law made an expression of
 i the mind of ihe law-maker? The liver can
 not rise higher than its source. The way to
 j have good laws, is to have good citizens.
 Purify the fountain then look for clear wa-
 I ter in the steam.
 1 VS
 But what are the arguments in favor of
 capital punishment?, A favorite argument
 j with the friends of the gallows, is that jus
 tice must be satisfied.’ And pray what is this
 i god which yon so reverently adore under the
 name of Justice Is it the ancient law of
 an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth”?
 Worship, if you will; but call your deity by
 1 his right name—Revenge A very Moloch
 is he f
 If you take away the life of the mur
 derer, you.prevent his repeating the crime.”
 A short and easy method; but savage as it is
 short. The most barbarous nations on the
 globe adopt just this plan. Cannot ihe civil
 ization and intelligence of the nineteenth centu
 ry produce anything better than the savageism
 of a Caligula Has the unfortunate criminal
 whom you would thus inscrupulously cut oil
 in the midst of his days, no claim upon your
 humanity Who can tell against what teinp-
 I tation he has struggled—what evil influences
 he has resisted—before which, mayhap, his
 virtuous accusers, had they been exposed to
 them, would long ago have stumbled and
 fallen. It is not needful to assert the inviola
 bility of human life though if it be granted
 that it is wrong for a man to take away his
 own life, it must be very evident that no life
 can be taken away by course of law. What
 a man must not do for himself, he cannot by
 any process n reasoning, be shown to be
 capable of delegating to another, the power
 do for him. Still leaving this out of the
 question, as it is an argument not palpable to
 many minds, it can be shown that Capital
 Punishments are both inexpedient and unnec
 essary. They do not answer the end desired
 —namely, the prevention of crime. Not many
 years since, there were on the criminal, code
 of England, about seventy crimes punishable
 by death. The majority of the laws inflict
 ing death were and had been for a long time
 previous to their abrogation, dead, letters. For
 ihe minor offences, the extreme penalty never
 was inflicted. Forgery was a capital crime
 but there has been no instance of hangina for
 forgery, since towards the end of last cen
 tury. Cases of forgery had not in conse
 quence of the greater leniency of the punish
 ment, become more frequent. No; in this
 respect, there was a manifest improvement.
 Not many years since, it was no unusual
 thing to have fitly executions during one
 year, in London now although the popula
 tion of the metropolitan district has greatly
 increased, there are rarely during one may
 oralty more than two or three cases of capital
 punishment; in 1843, theretwas not one. If
 the gallows prevents crime, the people of
 London, must be sinking into the lowest
 depths of guilt. But how stands the case
 I here has been a gradual reduction in the
 number of cases of murder, and other heinous
 crimes. Does not this show that it is not the
 severity of the punishment that prevents the
 crane \V hen executions were tenfold more
 frequent than they now are, crimes were also
 more frequent. If the exhibition of an ex-'
 ample is capable of checking crime, examples
 enough were exhibited at Tyburn many year*
 ago, when ten. twenty, thirty, and upwards
 were ordered to execution in one morning, to
 prevent forever every offence against the
 laws of mau and of God.
 It is a Divine command— 4 He that shed
 deib man’s blood, by man shall his blood be
 *hed.’ This passage roust either be capable
 ol a different interpretation from that usually
 given to it, or its Divine authority must be
 denied. God is the perfection of goodness,
 Everything that he does is and can be only
 infallibly tight. If it is wrong to destroy life,
 God never did or could command it to be des
 troyed. And that it is wrong, is shown by
 the simple fact that it is unnecessary. No one
 w ili affirm that the death of the murderer is un
 avoidable, if the desired end can be attained
 by other and more humane means. Experi
 ence hears witness to the faet that it can be so
 answered; therefore it is unnecessary and not
 commanded by God.
 Turn which way we will, whether to ihe
 law of Christianity or expediency, or to the
 claims of humanity, the same answer every
were meet* os, Mi ibe quettioa whether capi
 ta] punishment ought to he tbolisbed; tad
 that answer is, Yes. It is te he hoped that
 the day is sot far distant, when not only in
 Michigan, hut throughout the Union and
 throughout the world, this barbarity will be
 for ever cancelled.—i. d.
Macs via y*» 11 i«tory*~ Copyright.
 The dispute about the orthogrsphyof Macau
 lay’s History, has been decided by the author
 himself, in a way well calculated to put to the
 bluah some of the rigid sticklers for his rights*
 The following extract of a letter lately re
 ceived by the Messrs. Harper, is cut from one
 of our exchanges:
 “Gentlemen The copy, of my history,
 which you were so good as to send, has this
 day reached me. I can as yet only judge of
 the genera) effecl of the paper and typography;
 and that effect is h.ghly creditable to your
 house.
 The spelling diffirs from mine. But the
 difference does not affect either the substance
 or the style of my work and I therefore do,
 not consider mysoll as personally aggrieved
 by the change. If my sentiments were sup
 pressed, or my language altered, I should
 think that I had a right to complain. But,
 as to the spelling. 1 have no wish except
 that it may be such, as is generally accepta-
 ble to American readers.
 T. B. MACAULAY.”
 This book, as our readers are of course
 aware, commands a very extensive sale in this|
 country. 1 have heard of three different edi-,
 tions published bv different houses. One in!
 New York, one in Boston, one in Philadel-
 phia,—all three, I suppose, bringing con-!
 siderable profit to the publishers. The author
 has nothing but the fame. True, the Harpers,
 it is said, paid for advance proofs of the work,
 as it came through the press; but nothing was
 in reality paid for the work itself. Is there
 not a manifest injustice in this? If a man
 works at any piece of handicraft—say a chair
 or a table, everyone at once sees the propriety
 of his receving payment for his work. No j
 one would think of refusing him payment,
 because he happened to belong to some dif
 ferent country. If he were to paint a picture j
 the same would be said of the picture: If!
 the picture is a good one, the artist should be
 well paid for it.” And so he ought. But
 let a man sit down anywhere out of these
 States, and labor it may be for years,to bring
 out of his brain the thoughts that spring up
 therein, —let him publish them to the world
 in the form of a book—forthwith an edition
 may be issued in every State in the Union,
 and the author can obtain no remuneration
 for his labor. He may be well rewarded in
 his own land but what of that Who is to
 be the judge of what is a sufficient compent.a
 ion for his toil Are the piratical publishers
 in this country to decide the question? As
 well set the robber on the highway to de
 termine how much the victim of his cupidity
 should be allowed to reserve from plunder.
 But, after all, American authors are
 greatest sufferers by the republication of
 English books. They are not paid—or rather
 they receive no encouragement. Publishers
 don’t want original works, for which they must
 pay the authors, when they can get as many
 new books from England to reprint, as there
 is any demand for; .without paying anything
 but the price of the book, and its carriage
 across the Atlantic. Let us have Free Trade;
 hut not robbery.—j. d.
 Li beria. We have received a copy of a
 pamphlet, by S. S. Ball, of Alton, 111. un
 der the title of Liberia—the Conditions and
 Prospects of that Republic, made from actual
 observation." This pamphlet gives what ap
 pears to be a candid and honest account of the
 state of the colony. Mr. Ball, was sent to
 Liberia by the Colored Baptist Association,
 to inquire into the condition of that country.
 He has recently returned, and published this
 pamphlet. Extracts will be given in a future
 number of the North Star.—j. d.
Mr.. Giddings’ Denial. —The following
 letter from Mr. Giddings, in reference to his
 reported difficulty with Mr. Meade, in the
 House of Representatives, appealed in a late
 number of the N. Y. Tribune. The report
 was not easy of belief; ami probably was
 credited by very few. Read the letter.
 Jefferson, Ohio, March 16, 1849.
 Mr. Greeley Since my return I notice in
 youi account of the proceedings of the last
 night's Session of Congress, that you repre
 sent me as having gone over to Mr. Meade’s
 seat and striking him slightly.” I was con
 versing with Mr. Turner of 111. at the time
 Mr. Meade assualtcd me, but whether that
 was in the neighborhood of Mr. Meade’s seat
 lam unable to say. As for striking Mr. 1
 Meade, lain wholly unable to conceive how
 any man should have obtained such an idea. 1
 I arn quite sure that neither Mr. Meade nor
 any other person who witnessed the traniac
 tion ever had ihe most distant thought that I
 either struck him, or contemplated striking
 him. I hope you will correct the error.
 Respect fully,
 J. R. GIDDINGS.
 P. S. Mr. Turner of 111. and Henley of Ind
 witnessed all that took place between Mr.
 Meade and myself. J, R. G.
Death of Bernard Barton.— The Lon
 don papers announce the death of Bernard
 Barton, known as the Quaker Poet.”
Troutman Again.—The Michigan Lib
 erty Press, of Battle Creek, of the Bth, has the
 following:—
 Troutman the slave catcher is on the turf
 again. M e learn by one of the prosecuted,
 that this noted individual has prosecuted nine
 of the citizens of Can* eo. nty, for extend
 ing kindness to those fleeing from oppression,
 laying his claim at $5,500. Will our Legis
 lature sit still and tamely look at scenes like
 this, and allow our citizens to be stripped of
 their property, for advocating the prime anicle
 of our national creeo—the inalienable rights
 of all 7 Why not pass laws at once that shall
 give our neighbor States to understand that
 Michigan knows how to protect her citizens,
 and that she will do so?
The Ohio Standard.—'This paper, the
 central organ of the Free Soilers, and which
 wmittblished at the Capital of the State has
 b«#l»wpended. E. S. Hamlin, the editor,
 relinquished the charge of the paper in conse
 quence of a difficulty with its proprietor in re
 gard to its conduct, and the suspension will
 be permanent or temporary as its friends may
 decide.
The Icarians Again.—Moos. Capet, the
 celebrated French Communist, with three
 hundred and sixty cfhw followers, and 61
 tons of freight, their property, has ai rived at
 St. L*&gt;u»a from New Orleans. They are
 bound for Fort Madison, lowa.
Newsfafer Enterfri*!.—The N. Y. Tri
 bune announces the publication of a double
 •heel for European reader*, to go out by the
 Meamer, printed in the English, French and
 German language).
LtTTEA* «w*at this oflies, for Jornah Green.
 John Hunter, Jobs H. Bwbop, James W.
 HaU. WiU the owner* seed for than.
Agitation in Canada.
 The subject of indemnity to those who lost
 property m the late rebellion, has been publicly
 tsised, and appears to have kindled okf ani
 mosities, and even to have led to some free
 speech about the propriety of joining, the
 l nited States. The following extracted
 paragraphs will show what is the difficulty
 The bill to pay the rebellion losses has
 passed the upper house of Parlament by a
 majority of four, after encountenne a very
 violent, though ineffeetunl, opposition. A
 protest was entered upon the records by the
 minority.
 Great anxiety is fob about the probable
 course of the Governor General. A rumor is
 current that he will reserve the bill for the as
 sent ot the Queen.
 Addresses are pouring in from all parts of
 the provinces, and the tone of some of them is
 very violent. Many plans are proposed for
 redress if the bill should be sanctioned.
 The money, if paid at all, is to he paid bv
 the United Province. Most of the loss ar«
 crueii in the Lower Province |»nd the people of
 the Upper Provtuce where the rebellion was
 less, are indignant that they should lie required
 to bear part of the burden.
 A letter from Montreal in the Toronto Pat
 riot. says—
 The rumor that his Excellency will reserve
 the bill is more rife than ever, and if he does
 this, the mistry must resign,—and if he
 should sanction it, and it become the law of
 the land, what then l Why, to hazard a pro
 phetic reply to so fearful a question, I should
 say, a Convention at Kingston.
 At public meeting resolutions were passed
 to the same effect,and the Monacal Courier, in
 reporting them, says—
 I he resolutions were received with tremen
 dous cheers. But on feeling animated the
 meeting, and is shared by the whole country;
 and that is, never to submit to ihe payment of
 the rebels. Let the Parliament pass the bill,
 let the Govenor sanction it if he pleases, but
 while there is axe and rifle on the frontier,
 and Saxon hands to wield them, these losses
 will not be paid.
 The latest accounts state that a riotous dis
 position had begun to manifest itself among
 the people. On the evening of the 22 ult., a
 mob gathered in the streets of Toronto, and
 burnt three of the members of the Legislature
 —in effigy.
Slave Trade. —The Southern (Ga.) Re
 corder of the 27th ult says. “The progress
 of this illegal practice has met w ith a check,
 and has indeed, we presume, so far as this
 vicinage is concerned, been decisively arrested,
 in a case which has just occurred. Two slave
 speculators reached this place some days ago,
 with a number of negroes for sale. The
 owners were promptly arrested at the instance
 of the Mayor, and brought before the Council.
 Ihe parties were saved from going to jail by
 giving bond and security for their appearance
 next morning, in the sum ot one thousand
 dollars. At the the time for their appearance
 it seems the parties arrested had judged it
 best to forfeit their bond and pay the penalty
 (which we presume they had secured to their
 security,) rather than abide the issue of the
 law they had violated. We presume that the
 proceedings in this case, will in luture turn
 the direction of those dealing in negroes, in
 violation of law, to any other quarter rather
 than this.”
Slaveholding Impudence. —The Ken
 tucky legislature in chartering the Ohio Wire
 Suspension Bridge Company, have made the
 company liable for all slaves who cross the
 bridge without a written permit from their
 masters This feature has caused opposition
 to the confirmation of the charter by the Ohio
 legislature. But let the bridge be built.
 The slaves will manage to get over it, or
 while their dear masters are watching the
 bridge, they will cross the river in boats.—
 Chronotype.
Profligacy. —Among the appropriations
 made by Congress in 1818, was one of $lO,
 000 to R. M. Johnson, of Kentucky, proiess
 edly for buildings erected by him for ihe use
 of the famous Choctaw Academy. This
 Academy was established near Frankfort,
 Ky., twenty-seven years ago, for the purpose
 ol educating the Choctaw and other Indians.
 During that time, the General Government
 has expended upon \l over six hundred thou*,
 and dollars. A gentleman who has recently
 visited the settlement and examined the build
 ings says, they are rude and nearly delapi
 dated old log cabins, fit only for negro quar
 ter, and in fact far less comfortable and
 tasteful than those occupied by the Colonel’s
 (Johnson’s) negroes a few rods from the place,
 lie says there is not a man in {Kentucky who
 would be willing to give the government 100
 for the buildings, for which it has just paid
 10,000, in addition to the 600,000 hereto
 fore paid by way of endowment. The num
 ber of students has never been large, and very
 few, if any, have succeeded in obtaining even
 a common school education, The historoy of
 the country cannot furnish another instance of
 such extravagance and corruption. Six-hun
 dred thousand dollars for three negro cabins
 which cost Col. Dick fifty What next 7
 Xenia Torch Light,
Flash in the Pan.— The Southern slavery
 agitators do not always (kid, among the peo
 ple, the desired response to Mr. Calhoun’*
 Address. At Macon, Ga. a meeting held on
 the 3rd mst., to echo back the thunder, after
 long and strong preparation, was attended by
 twenty-six men and boys. It was adjourned
 to the next Thursday mghi, when the circu
 lation of a report that some distinguished
 speakers would be there, seduced together an
 audience of a hundred and fifty, all counted.
 As no such speeches were made, the assem
 blage heard and adopted the report ol the
 committee of twenty-one previously appointed,
 and then incontinently dissolved. There
 were no Whigs at the meeting.— Tribune.
The Chicago Flood—A gentleman who
 left Chicago Feb. 17, has given to the Cleve
 land Herald a statement of the causes of the
 recent great flood at Chicago
 During the past w inter, snow has fallen on
 the prairies to a depth unparalleled in the
 recollection of the oldest inhabitants. About
 the Bth ult. a heavy rain commenced, which
 caused the snow to disappear rapidly and the
 streams to rise. On the 10th the Dea Plaines
 river was very much swollen, over run its
 banks, filled Mud Lake and flooded an area
 of fifteen miles square. The water continued
 to rise until it reached the canal and Chicago
 river, both of which were entirely deluged,
 and the current down the river became strong
 and rapid.
 On Saturday the ice and flood wood col
 lected at a packing house two miles from Chi
 cago, dammed up the water to a great depth
 and increased immensely the extent of the
 innundation. On Monday this darn broke
 away, and the vast amount of matter collected
 swept down the channel of the river with
 great vtoelnce. Striking the Randolph street
 bridge it bore d off, with vessel* and canal
 boaubelow Ihe next bridge u carried a wav
 was the \V ells street budge, then the Cla.k
 street bridge, and a large amount of shipping
 and canal boats. This mass of floating ma
 tenal was hurled together at a pomt near the
 piers, m a eonfuaed jam, where the shipping
 sustained ,t* principal injury. Canal boat*
 were earned down the current so rapidly, and
 hurled mto the jam, with such violence, that
 they passed entirely under, were broken in
 pieces and went into the Lake Vessel* kept
 ireaking away from lime to time going into
 Lake; hut the jam was not clean'd until
 Fnday, the 16tb,
 Tbe whole damage as has been slated, is
 estimated at $1 15,000, of which the city k*&gt;*s
 $40,000 by bridges; the to steamers
 and other vessels is set dowu at $£5,000, and
 some tlmty canal boats were destroyed, valued
 at $lOOO to $9OOO, the major part worth the
 latter price.
"
