"P 0 Ctrl).
For ihr North S«r
 abolition onward*
 Brifhttr the httore dawn*.
 Ami toon tV time wi« come
 When ’nealh oor .tar-*emmed b.ooer
 Slavery hom#
 fit rain from Carolina
 jV*., Calhoon sound the note;
 Vainly does Mississippi
 Against Free*lorn aet her Foote.
 In the Bay Slate we’re resolved.
 To the South no more weMI hemi;
 That freedom against slavery,
 In future well itffewt.
 From the Ciranite Mill* they Hale n,
 With a voice wo can’t mi.take,
 And newt to Chase all fear away,
 Come* from tlie Buckeye StMe.
 The Keystone aoon we wilt reclaim,
 Though to her .hame *ti» told,
 1 hat in the b*t election,
 She au bought by l*awrenre gold.
 And all our sister States,
 That with freedom now are bleed,
 W ill lielp to raise otir brotliers,
 Who with .lavery are oppressed.
 F.'on now the tyrant, tremble—
 Ah! aoon they’ll feel a shock,
 A* Slavery’s dismantled ship
 Shall .trike on Freedom’, rock.
 ELLA.
 Marblehead, March, 1849.
 MUNGO PARK.
 Tlie wind loud roared, the rain fell fa»t,
 The white man yielded to the blast;
 He .at him down beneath otir tree,
 For weary, sad, and faint wa* lie;
 And ah! no wife or mother’, care,
 For him the milk or corn prepare:
 Tlie white man shall our pity .hare!
 Alas! no wife or mollier’? care,
 For him the milk or coni prepare!
 The »torm is o’er, the tempest |«st,
 And Merry’, voice ha? hushed tlie blast;
 Tlie wind is lieanl in whispers low
 The white man far away must go;
 But ever in his heart will bear
 Remembrance of tlie Negro’s care.
 (to, while mar., go; bit with thee bear
 The negro’s w ish, the negro’s prayer,
 Remembrance of the Negro’s rare.
 From Poems and Lyrics, by Robert Nicoll.
 WE’L'. MAK THE WiARLD BETTER YET.
 The braw folk crush tlie puir folk (loon,
 And liluid and tears are rmiin het;
 And inurkle ill, and muekle war,
 We a’ upon the earth hae met;
 And Falsehood aft roines Imuldly forth,
 And on the throne o’ Truth doth si
 But tme hearts a’—gar wark aw a—
 We’ll mak the warld better yet!
 Though Superstition, hand in hand
 Wi’ Prejudice, that gruesome hag,
 Hangs linkm still; though misers uiak
 Their lieaven o’er a siller bag;
 Though Ignorance, wi* bluidy hnnd,
 Is try in Slavery’s lxinds to knit—
 Put knee to knee, ye liauld anil free—
 We’ll mak tlie warld better yet!
 Yon dreamer tells us o* a land
 He fine his airy brain hath made—
 A land where Truth and Honesty
 Hae crushed the serpent Falsehood’s head;
 But by the names o’ Love and Joy,
 And Common-sense, and Lear, and Wit,
 Put back to liack, and in a crack
 We’ll mak our warld better yet!
 The knaves and fnles may rage and storm,
 Tne growding bigot may deride;
 The tremblin slave awa may rin,
 And in his tyrant’s dungeon hide;
 But Free, and Bauld, and 'I rue, and Glide,
 Unto this aitli tlieir seal hae set
 Frae p de to pole we’ll free ilk soul,
 The warld *hcdl lie belter yet”
 WHERE THERE’S A WILL THERE’S A
 WAY.
 BY ELIZA COOK.
 We have faith in old provcrlis, surely,
 For Wisdom lias trace 1 what tliey tell,
 And 'Truth may be drawn up as purely*
 From them as it may from a well,
 la t us question the thinkers and doers,
 And hear what they honestly say,
 And you’ll find they believe, like bold wooers,
 In Wlierc there’s a will there’s a way.
 The hills have been high for Man’s mounting,
 Tlie woods have been dense lor his axe,
 'idle stars liave iieen thick for his counting,
 'ldle sands have been wide for his trucks,
 The sea lias lieen deep for his diving,
 The |ioles have Upm broad for his sway,
 But bravely lie’s proved in his striving,
 That Where there’s a will there’s a way.
 Have ye vices that want a destroyer!
 Or passions that need your control
 la*t Reason liecome your employer,
 And your liody lie ruled by your soul.
 Fight on, though ye bleed in the trial,
 Resist with all strength lliat ye may,
 Y'e may conquer Sin’s host by denial,
 For Where there’s a will there’, a way.
 Have ye Poverty’s pinching to cojie with!
 Docs suffering weigh down your might!
 Only call up a spirit to hope with,
 And dawn may come out of the night.
 Oh! much may lie done by defying
 The gliosis of l&gt;espair and Dismay,
 And much may lie gained by relying
 On here there’s a will there’s a way
 Should ye see afar off that worth w inning,
 out on tlie journey we trust;
 And ne’er liecd if your |iat!i at lieginniiig
 Should lie among brambles and dust, j
 I hough it i. licit by footsteps ye do it.
 And hardships may hinder ami slat,
 Keep a lieart, and In- sort- you’ll get through if,
 For Where there a will there’, a way.
 THE RIGHTS OF WOMAN.
 The Rights of iVotnau’ Wliat arc- ihe\!
 'Tlie l ight to labor and to pray
 The right to watch while others sleep.
 The right o’er other* woe. to weep;
 The fight to succor in di.tre.s,
 Tlie right while other, curse to hle M
 The right to love wliom other, scorn,
 Tlie right to comfort all that mourn;
 Tile right to shed new joy on earth,
 The right to feel die soul’* high worth,
 Tlie right to lead the soul to God,
 Along tlie path her Saviour trod;
 'Tlie |wth of meekness and of love,
 The path of faith Uiat leads above;
 The path of patience under wrong,
 The path in which the weak grow Strong:
 Such woman’s rights, ami God will bfe.s,
 And crown their champions with sneer*-*.
 S«e, how beneath Die moonbeam’* sui'e,
 Voo little billow hr.tves it* breast,
 And foam* and sparkles for a while,
 And murmuring then subsides to rest.
 Titus uiau, the spurt of Miss and rare,
 Rises on lime's eventful sea;
 And having swelled a mowem there,
 Thus melt* into eternity
Selections.
Til E I FI KAJIOIS JI'DGE JEF FfcEYB
 The person selected was Sir George
 Jeffreys, Chief Justice of the Court of
 Kings Bench. The depravity of this
 man lias passed into a proverb.—Both
 t the great Lngln-h parties have attacked
 his tnernon with emulous violence; for
 [the whig* considered him as their most
 barbarous nemy, and tnries found it
 convenient to throw on him the blame
 of all the crimes which had sullied their
 triumphs. A diligent a;td candid in
 jquiry w.li show that some frightful
 stories which have been told concern
 ing him are false or exaggerated; yet
 {the dispassionate historian will be able
 to make every little deduction from the
 vast mass of infamy wuh which the
 memory of the wicked judge has been
 loaded.
 He was a man of quick and vigorous
 parts, but constitutionally prone to
 insolence and to the angry passions.
 When just emerging from boyhood ne
 had risen into practice at the Old Bai
 ley Bar, —a bar where advocates have
 always used a license of tongue un
 known in Westminster Hall. Here,
 during many years, his chief business
 was to examine and cross examine the
 most hardened miscreants of a great
 capital. Daily conflicts with prostitutes
 and thieves, called out his powers so
 effectually that he became the most
 consummate bully ever known in his
 profession. —All tenderness for the
 feelings of others, all self-respect, all
 sense of the becoming, were oblitera
 ted from his mind. He acquired a
 boundless command of the rhetoric in
 which the vulgar express hatred and
 contempt. The profusion of maledic
 tions and vituperative epithets which
 composed his vocabulary could hardly
 have been rivalled in the fish market or
 the bear-garden. His countenance
 and his voice must always have been
 unamiable, but these natural advan
 tages—for such he seems to have
 thought them—he had improved to such
 a degree that there were few who, in
 his paroxysms of rage, could see or
 hear him without emotion. Impudence
 and ferocity sat upon his brow. The
 glare of his eyes had a fascination for
 the unhappy victims on whom they were
 fixed; yet his brow and eye were said
 to be less terrible than the savage lines
 of his mouth.
 His yell of fury, as was said by one
 who had often heard it, sounded like
 the thunder ofthe judgment day. These
 qualification lie carried, while still p
 young man, from the bar to the bench.
 He early became common sergeant,
 and then recorder df London. As
 judge at the city sessions he exhibited
 the same propensities which afterwards,
 in a higher post, gained for him an un
 enviable immortality. Already might
 be remarked of him, the most odious
 vice which is human nature,
 a delight in misery merely as misery.
 There was a fiendish exultation in the
 way in which he pronounced sentence
 on felons. Their weeping and implor
 ing seemed to titillate him voluptuously;
 and he loved to scare them into fits by
 dilating with luxurious on
 all the details of what they were to sui
 ter. Thus, when he had an opportuni
 ty of ordering an unlucky adventuress
 to be whipped, at the cart’s tail,
 “Hangman,” he would exclaim, “J
 charge you to pay particular attention
 j to this lady; scourge her soundly, man!
 scourge her till the blood runs down!
 It is Christmas; a cold time for madam
 to strip in! See that you warm hei
 shoulders thoroughly!” He was hard
 lyjess facetious when he passed judg
 jment on Ludowick Muggletoir, the
 drunken tailor, who fancied himself a
 prophet. “Impudent rogue,” roared
 Jeffreys, thou shaft have an easy,
 easy, easy punishment!” One part oi
 this easy punishment was the pillory,
 in which the wretched fanatic was al
 most killed with brickbats.
 By this time the nature of Jeffreys
 had been hardened to that temper which
 tyrants require in their worst imple
 ments. He had hitherto looked for
 professional advancement to the Cor
 poration of London. He had there
 fore, professed himself a Roundhead,
 and had always appeared to be in u
 higher state of exhilaration when he
 explained to popish priests that they
 were to be cut down, and were to see
 their own bodies burned, than when he
 passed ordinary sentences of death.
 But as soon as he had got all that the
 city would give, he made haste to sell
 his forehead of brass and his tongue ot
 venom to the.court.
 Chipfinch, who was accustomed to
 act as broker in infamous contracts ol
 more than one kind, lent his aid. He
 had conducted many amorous and po
 litical intrigues; but he assuredly never
 rendered a more scandalous service to
 his masters than when he introduced
 Jeffreys to Whitehall. The renegade
 soon found a patron in the obdurate and
 revengeful James, but was always re
 garded with scorn and disgust by
 Charles, whose faults, great as they
 were, had no affinity with insolence and
 cruelty. That man,” said the king,
 has no learning, no sense, no man
 ners, and more impudence than ten
 carted street-walkers.” Work was tc
 be done, i.owever, which could be
 trusted to no man who reverenced law
 or was seusihle of shame; and thus Jefi
 reys, at an age at which a barristei
 thinks hiinseit fortunate if he is employ
 ed to lead an important cause, was
 made Chief Justice ofthe King's Bench.
 His enemies could not deny that he
 I possessed some of the qualities of a
 great judge. His legal knowledge,
 indeed, was merely such as he had
 picked up in practice of uo very high
 I kind; but he had one of those happily
 constituted intellects which, across the
 labyrinths of sophistry, and through
 j masses of immaterial facts, goes s;raighi
 to the true point. Of his intellect, how
 t-'er, he seldom had the lull use. Lven
 in civil causes his malevolent and dss
 jPotic temper perpetually disordered hu
 judgment. 1 o enter his court was tc
 enter the den of a w,ld beast which
 none could tame, ao d which was at
 likely to be roused to rage by caressei
 as by attacks. He frequently poured
 forth on plaintiffs and defendants, bar
 risters and attorneys, witnesses’ and
 jurymen, torrents of frantic abuse,
 intermixed with oaths and curses. Hie
 looks and tones had inspired terroi
 when he was merely a young advocate
struggling into practice. Now tbit he
 was at the head of the most formidable
 tribunal in the realm, there were few
 indeed who did not tremble before him.
 i Even w hen he was sober his violence
 was sufficiently frightful; out in gen
 eral, his reason was overclouded, and
 his evil passions stimulated by the
 iurnes of intoxication. His evening!
 were ordinarily given to revelry.
 People who saw him ooly over his
 bottle would have supposed him to be
 a man gross indeed, sottish, and ad
 dicted to U w company and low merri
 ment, but social and good humored.
 He was constantly surrounded on such
 occasions by buffoons, selected for the
 most part from among the vilest petti
 foggers who practised before him.
 These men bantered and abused each
 other for his entertainment. He joined
 in their ribald talk, sang catches with
 them, and when his head grew hot,
 hugged and kissed them in an ecstacy
 of londir.ss. But, though wine at first
 seem to soften his heart, the effect a
 few hours later, was very different. He
 often came to the judgment-seat having
 kept the Court waiting long, and yet
 having but half slept off his debauch,
 his cheeks on fire, his eyes glaring like
 those of a maniac. When he was in
 this sta’e, his boon companions of the
 preceding night, if they were wise,
 kept out of his way. for the recollection
 of the familiarity to which he had ad
 mitted them, inflamed his malignity,
 and he was sure to lake every oppor
 tunity of overwhelming them with ex
 ecration and invective. Nol the least
 odious of his many odious peculiarities,
 was the pleasure which he took in pub
 licly browbeating and mortifying those
 whom, in this fits of maudlin tenderness,
 he had encouraged to presume on his
 favor.
 The services which the government
 had expected from him were performed
 hot merely without flinching, but eager
 ly and triumphantly. His first exploit
 was the judicial murder of Algernon
 Sidney. What followed was in perfect
 harmony w ith this beginning. Respec
 table lories lamented the disgrace which
 the barbarity or indecency of so great
 a functionary brought upon the admin
 istration of justice; but the excesses
 which filled such men with horror,
 were titles to the esteem of James. Jeff
 ryes, therefore, after the death of
 Charles, obtained a seat in the Cabinet
 and a peerage. This last honor was
 a signal mark of royal approbation;
 for, since the judicial system of the
 realm had been remodelled in the thir
 teenth century, no Chief Justice had
 been a Lord of Parliament.—Macau
 lay's History.
 AN UNKNOWN WORLD.
 THE ENGLISH IN EASTERN AFRICA.
 Quite recently, the English have
 made a settlement at Aden, near the
 Red Sea. Having once obtained a
 foothold, they, English-like, began to
 push about them, and one of their first
 discoveries was a river where none was
 marked on any chart, and upon this
 they steamed 3000 miles without find
 ing the least obstruction. Having now
 passed around this continent, let us
 look up into the interior. P'or half a
 j century, English government have been
 expending lives and treasures in a
 partial exploration. They have found
 that this whole tract of country is one
 of amazing fertility and beauty,
 abounding in gold and all sorts of tropi
 cal vegetation. There are hundreds of
 woods, invaluable for dying and archi
 tectual purposes, not found in other
 portions of the world. Through it, for
 thousands of miles, runs a broad river,
 with clear water, and of unsurpassed
 depth, flowing on at a rate of two or
 three miles an hour, without rock,
 shoal, or snag, to interrupt its naviga
 tion. Other rivers pour into this tribu
 tary waters of such volume as must
 have required hundreds of miles to be
 collected, yet they seem scarcely to en
 large it. This river pours its waters
 into the Atlantic, through the most
 magnificent delta in the world, consist
 ing, perhaps, of a hundred mouths, ex
 tending, probably, five hundred miles
 along the coast, and mostly broad,
 deep, and navigable for steam boats.
 Upon this river are scattered cities,
 some of which are estimated to contain
 a million of inhabitants, and the whole
 country teems with a dense popula
 tion.
 Far in the interior, in the very heart
 of the continent, is a nation in an ad
 vanced state of civilization. The gran
 deur and beauty of portions of the
 country through which the Niger makes
 its sweeping circuit, are indescribable.
 In many places, its banks rise bold a
 thousand feet thickly covered with the
 richest vegetation of tropical climates.
 But all this vast and sublime country
 —this scope of rich fertility and ro
 mantic beauty—is, apparently, shut off
 forever from the world.
 It is the negro’s sole possession. He
 need not fear the incursions of the
 white man there—for over this whole
 lovely country moves one dread mala
 dy, and to the w hite man it is the val
 ley of the shadow of death.” In ex
 pedition after expedition, sent out from
 the English ports, on the Island of As
 cension, not one man in ten has re
 turned alive, all have fallen victims*to
 this seemingly beautiful, but awful
 country. It seems impossible for an
 Englishman to breathe the air. So
 dreadful is it—so small the chance of
 life, that criminals in England have
 been offered pardon, on condition of
 volunteering in this service, more ter
 rible than that ot gathering poison from
 the Upas. This country, tempting as
 it is, can only be penetrated at the risk
 of life; and it is melancholy to think
 that those who have given us even the
 meagre information that we have, do
 so at the sacrifice of their lives.
TJIESEVE.\ SLEEPERS.
 I'he story ol the Seven Sleepers is the
 most romantic of the legends of the
 church. It is as follows:—When the
 Emperor Decius persecuted the Chris
 tians, seven noble youths of Ephesus
 concealed themselves in a spacious cav
 ern, on the side ot an adjacent moun
 tain, where they were doomed to perish
 by the tyrant, who gave orders that the
 entrance should be firmly secured by a
 pile of stones. They immediately fell
 into a deep slumber, which was most
 miraculously prolonged without injuring
 the powers of life during a period of
 one hundred aud eighty-seven years,
At the end of that time, the slaves of
 A dolus, to whom the inheritance of the
 mountain had descended, removed the
 stooes to aupply materials for some
 rustic edifice. The light of the sun
 darted into the cavern and the Seven
 Sleepers were pennited to awake. Soon
 after rising from their sleep, which they
 thought bad lasted only a few hours,
 they were pressed by the calls of hun
 ger, and resolved that Jamblichus, one
 of their number, should secretly return
 to the city, to purchase bread for the j
 use of himself and his companions. The
 youth, if we may still employ that ap-
 pellation, could no longer recognise the
 once familiar aspect of his native coun
 try; and his surprise was increased by
 the appearance of a large cross
 triumphantly erected over the principal
 gate of Ephesus. Kis singular dress j
 and obsolete language confounded the
 baker, to whom he offerd an ancient
 medal of Decius, as the current coin of
 the empire; and Jamblichus on the,
 snspicion of a secret treasure, was,
 dragged before the judge.—Their mu
 tual inquires produced the amazing dis
 covery, that two centuries were almost
 elapsed since Jamblichus and his friends
 had escaped from the rage of a pagan
 tyrant. The Bishop of Ephesus, the
 clergy, the magistrate, the people and,
 it is said, the Emperor
 self, hastened to visit the cavern of the
 Seven Sleepers who related their story, j
 bestowed their benediction, and at the
 same instant peaceably expired!— Mrs
 Jameson's Poetry of Sacred and Legend-
 ary Art.
 THE INFLUENCE OF TRADE.
 As long as war lasts, the nobles, who
 must he soldiers, rule very well. But
 when peace comes, the nobles prove
 very whimsical and uncomfortabte mas-1
 ters; their frolics turn out to be very!
 insulting and degrading to the com-;
 moner. Feudalism grew to be a ban-i
 dit and brigand. Meantime, trade (orj
 the merchant and manufacturer) had j
 begun to appear; trade, a plant which j
 always grows wherever there is peace.
 —The luxury and necessity of the
 noble fostered it. And as quickly as
 men go to foreign ports in ships or
 caravans,a new order of things springs
 up; new ideas awake in their minds.
 New command takes new servants and!
 new masters. Their information, their
 wealth, their correspondence, have i
 made them quite other men than left i
 their native shore. They are nobles
 now, and by ancient patent than the
 king’s. Feudalism had been good, had
 broken the power of kings, and had
 some very good traits of its own; but
 it had grown mischievous, it was time
 for it to die, and as they say of dying
 people all their faults come out. Trade
 was the strong man that broke it down
 and raised a new and unknown power
 in its place. It is a new agent in the
 world, and one of very great function;
 it is a very intellectual force. This
 displaces physical force, and instals
 computation, science in its room. It
 calls out all force of a certain kind that
 slumbered in certain dynasties. It is
 now in the midst of its career. Our
 government partakes largely of that
 element. Trade goes to make the
 government insignificant, to bring every
 faculty of every individual that can in
 any way serve any person, on sale.—
 Instead of a large army and navy, and
 executive department, it tends to con
 vert Government into a bureau of
 intelligence, an intelligence office,
 where every man may find what he
 wishes to buy, and expose what he has
 t© sell, not only produce and manufac
 tures, but art, skill, and intellectual
 and moral values.— The Young Ameri
 can, by R. W. Emerson.
importance.
 The truly great are never pompous
 —set that down as a rule. There is t
 decent dignity, a manly pride, which
 none should be without. But addle
 pated fellows, who pride themselves
 upon some little thing they have done
 or are capable of, some small position
 they hold, some expectancy which
 chance has given them, are apt to pul
 on airs that sensible pride would scorn,
 as more like the clumsy flight of the
 hen, than the sweep of an eagle. Xot
 one of our readers this day but can point
 out, offhand, ten examples of this sort;
 some to be sure, with the shadow of a
 reason for their highandmightine&amp;s; but
 the majority are mere hubbies.
 Why, we have know n of a reporter,
 who could not write two consecutive
 lines gramatically, but who once got
 out, forsooth, the best report of a large
 fire, and who, because his account
 was copied iuto several papers, for
 ever put on airs, and became the most
 offensively conceited fellow in town.
 Poor fellow! that one blast of praise
 was too much for him. The intoxica
 tion of applause, new enough to him led
 him to a worse intoxication, and he is
 now not only ignorant and obscure,
 but a vain aud hopeless sot. Let bis
 fellow scribes take warning.
 We have known of another man,
 whose brains were altogether in his
 heels—that is, he was what is termed a
 “magnificent” dancer. As soon as he
 toand it out, be cultivated mustaches
 and became princely in his apparel.
 Ever since that halcyon time, he has
 been good for nothing at his trade. He
 has felt important, and drinks whiskey
 punches. But out and alas! balls were
 his ruin and the sorrow of his tailors.
 Let spry young men beware of their
 heels.
 It is a painful task to strip even fools
 of their pretensions, and therefore we
 desist; though every time we come into
 contact with “big feeling” men, we
 shall he reminded of this chapter and
 perhaps be provoked into adding to it.
 To us, all important fellows are “most
 intolerable and not to be endured.”
 We can see through them as easily as
 through our grandmother's spectacles
 —time spare their antique bows! We
 have nothing in common with calves of
 that breed. They smack too much of
 Corporal Nym. —Boston -Museum.
 The former nurse of the Emperor of
 Russia is a Scotch woman, who many
 years ago went to St Petersburg!} as a
 servant girl. She became a nursery
 maid in the Imperial family, and was
 placed near Nicholas to teach him
 English. When she arrived at the
 throne, he gave his children in charge
 to her and promoted her to the rank of
 a genera), which she now hold*
'^&amp;ocrtisfmcnts.
 Important to Farmer*.
 lI&gt;E*S Patent V\VI Cultivator and Win* Gras*
 I low. The Farming Public are hnebr inCimel
 that Letter. Patent have ban taken out by the Bu*&gt;-
 b riber for hi* recent great uupruvemeot* in the co*»*
 •trurtion and manufartmeof Fin.nCrLTiVATOK*;
 an improvement great a* to entirely revohitimin*
 tlie bob* *y *tent of taming, by reducing the exprns*
 &lt;&gt;m--lull or more. Wherever they hare been intro
 duced. they have met the decided approbation nf
 anner*, a* tiie following certificate* from the intal
 *lsrnt an ‘l practical turner* whose name* are
 ttached. aLaadantiv show
 CERTIFICATES.
 Thi* may rertify tint we, the Sidawriler*, hate
 seen and need the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invested
 v-a A AS V ,f °T Shelliy, Orlean* Co., New
 Yorh, and Ixlier* it to hr, at a labor-saving ma
 ouoe. one of tlte greatest improvement* of the age.
 By it, a farmer cau pul in from ten to fifteen acre*
 nure of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
 team laltor; in ran also sow it in much better order.
 By it also (.amnia thistles and other noxious weeds
 may lie totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
 mean* of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jn*t brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly tiie best machine ever invented tor
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 die b armer, ami as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John Wheeler, Hartes Medley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby. Co., April 23, 1848.
 W r e, die undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We ran with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acre* of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by die
 old plows; ami the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Suliscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, w ith it* various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understand* hi*
 interest will lie without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator i* manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. where fanners are invited
 ami ne for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, kc. Dealers w ill find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purrha-ing elaewherc.
 jylO SAGE k PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of Neyys and Book Paper kept constantly for
 i sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Anv size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nisheci at short notice.
 Printers and others will do yvell to call and exam
 ine the ipiality and price, at No/6 Exchange st.
 FISHER k Co.
 Booksellers and Publishers.
 BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW'.
 REPIJBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Review, The North Rnt
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a Iteautiful clear type, on fme white paper, and
 are faithful copies of die originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, lieing an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the view s of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 i wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 j Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, l»eing conducted by hi* son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 j literary- character i* of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1849, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of die four Reviews, s‘3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’* Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments lobe made in alt cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement w ith die British publisliers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheet* of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to j
 our suliscriliers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we i*epeat “subscribe early while
 die price is low.
 Remittance* and communication* should be always j
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to die publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
THE (.IRARI) LIFE INS I RANGE, AN
 NUITY' AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. ('bartered in 1836—('barter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 5300,U0O —Beiijumin \V. Richard*, Presi
 dent. Continues to make iasuranft- on lives,
 Annuities awl endowments, and accept trust* from iie
 dividual?, corjjoratc i-jdies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of die par
 ties, and receive deposits of motley in trust or on
 iulerest.
 The Company add a Isnius at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for lift*,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 jier cent, on the »um insured
 io policies i-xued in 1837 7| per cent, on policies
 issued in 1.838, ami in rateable proportious according
 to their respective dates.
 'I he rhiei oliject of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the (Arty insur
 ed, lor the beneht of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will he seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, w Inch w ill be
 furnished In the subscriber to all who may feel an
 interest in the subject, that by paying a small sum to
 the otlKe every year during his life, a person may se
 cure to hi.« family a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
 \Y herever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 understood, it it extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages to ah, but more especially to those who
 depend on tin. ir own exertions lor the »upfx*rt of their
 bundle*, or who may be desirmus u&gt; secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might he oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs lsit to be explained to ensure the seri
 ous consideration of the public.
 In several instance* it has happened that the part?
 insured has died shortly after having paid only one
 or two instalments of the premium, when his family
 have received (rota this olhce the full amount lor
 which he had insured.
 Full iniormaron on this important subject may be
 oltaiued by applying, personally or by letter (poM
 paid) at the office of the subscriber, the authorised
 agent of the fiinurd Life Insurance Company.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL, i
 Rakewelt's las Buildings,
 (•rant street, Pittsburgh.
 W*l- H&lt; TOPI', Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad
 *T way. Also aa extensive assortment of Cravats.
 Stowks, Hosiery, (Jkires, 4c
 Albany, Fab. 11,1*48
PROSPECTUS
 AMrlttn PhrfMltckal Jenrul.
 o. 9. rcWLER, EDITOR.
 rJ reform and pervert ovr«elr** and our race, i*
 the most exalted of all work*. Yer. to do thi* we
 must understand the Human CVmatitvtio*. Thi*
 Phrenology Physiology and Vital Magnetism em
 brace. aod eenre expound all the law of our being,
 condition* nf happm**«, and remslitute the jthiloso
 pher’* stone of l oiversai Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number will contain either the analysis aod
 location ofsosne phrenological faculty, illustrated by
 ait Engraving, nr an amcal on their combinatioibr
 and also the organization ami character of some «bs
 linguished personae*-, srcawifauiied by a liken-'**.
 PH i HULOOT
 Health I- Lite, 'll* great instrument of talent vir
 tue an&lt;l happine**. all of which it augment*. To it*
 preservation and ntstomt km, special attention will lie
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 W ilh pmetial instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truths which it unfolds, will be presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 Tlie bkssings they tnjov, tits' influence they can
 wield, and their preparation for condoning our insti
 tution*, w ill foini tiie theme of a series of article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Wlh&gt; does not long oarnesth', and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate Ids natural powers, and
 render hiruselt better and more happy To such,
 each nomtirr will lie prompter aud text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NT MIIERS of this Journal will lie
 sent GRA I IS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letters an orders nurst l&gt;e
 POS r-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER a WELLS.
 N 131 N assau St.,\« w York
 AT lI.LIAM B. LOGAN, llenler m Fashionable
 »Y Bis Its and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street. New
 Bedford.
 B. L. keeps constantly mi hand a good as.-ort
 ment, and will sell clieap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made yynrk, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis
NORTHAMPTONJVATEK COE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are reapertfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deduction* of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emorv Coll.-n-e, Da., anil IheJscientific
 experiments of Air. llemmer of England,* have
 I recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived b\
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 j natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 hitman laxly, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease— there is some
 J reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 the.se principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 I w hich is essential to tlx safe and intelligent practice
 of the I tea ling art, will cease their vocilemtions
 i against the positive electrical state of the
 j human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 1 whom they have tailed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the .\orthawp
 ton ATER Curk. 'I hits sustained bv the light
 of science, the undersigned may lx* permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all eases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
 j of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 i *tate, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results ot past years’ practice
 j already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by w hich the undersigned it
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charactei
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professoi
 i Means and Mr. llemmer, could not fail to convince
 j the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 j awarded lor his success ns a Hydropathic Practi
 j lioner, by a discerning public, and tbe gratitude
 1 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure l&lt;
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 j afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hit
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Wortham; ton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 sited near Bensonville, on the weal bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, w ith separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of Itatlis, supplied with water, yyhirh. for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 I -purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, t&lt;
 alloyv water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their ramhles without
 Ijeing exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which an- Ix-re successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlx- head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the (towels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 ilieum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three w&lt;xdien blankets, one or
 two linen and three (olton sheets, tuts pillow cases,
 ,-ix or eight crash towels, some yyell worn linen,, to
 tut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are §5 50 to
 i-38 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 1 A patient who Ironi choice or the character of hi-,
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 j will pay £8 (8) jx*r \yeek —on the first and second
 floors, 58 50 jx.r yyt-ek. Patients reijuimig extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) u ill furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pav an extra price.
 D. HIGGLE??.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 ast, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn,
 f River Railroad at .Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the -Northampton depot, to
 j convey them hither.
 The human blood,in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activitv of the
 tenerating sources within—an excess generally pass
 i Ig off in silence from the cuticular surface, so mat
 ut of 356 experiments made bv Mr. Heinmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 t te presence of positive electricity This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to lx- indis
 pcnsable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, i«
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 i-Srgia, at the opening of its animal session,
 8, 1847, by A. Means. A.. M.. M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 ATHOL HATER CfRE.
 r |MIE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 i of Invalids, especially tlx»se suffering from
 ironic disease, to his hydropathic establishment jn
 Atktol, Mass.
 Ills house was opened for tlx- reception of patients
 l ist season, and it is believed offers excellent farih
 t es for aphilosopbic ami 1 borough course in hydro
 I athy. Tlx- supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity lias been pronounced ecjual to water on a
 distilled.” Ti»e location i» «juite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. It M. railroad. The
 y icmity abounds in a variety of scenery, and lias
 rwanning grounds for walks and rambles. 80 that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, psiienu can scarceiv fail to obtain tiw
 healthful results for winch they’labor.
 The following case illustrates tins remark. Mr*.
 H., wife of lira. B. f ot Warwick, Mars., aged
 a l joot thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Ifer rase presented the following phem,,
 mena. If placed n au erect position, ami left un
 supported, she forthwith fill backward to the
 g.ound. If lie mg well *upjx&gt;ru-d, she made au
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her churl* to the contrary, would cross the
 She had been in tins condition nearly a
 yi-ar. Her treat me in commenced ihe 16th of Sept.,
 a id was continued to the 25th CM. oak, when she
 b it, so for recovered as to be able in walk half a
 mile with ease. Hina her return to her fomdv, she
 ho* continued her bulbs, with corresponding ur&gt;
 p.uvemeia to her health. She now attend* to her
 mevtic duties, and with die assistance of a small
 girl, dues the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 wie pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets’
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 1 eras, from fire to leu dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patient*.
 Those who are lews particular in the selection ol
 roues, or are willing to occupy them in
 wrth others, will he charged lem.
 Athol, March, 1848. G|ORG| «OYT.
 WAMHI.NGTO.VB Ihnsrriaii Gallery 19C
POVERTY:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAERE* AND LEGAL
 CI'HE.
 ■V RgOONER.
 TW Albany Patriot call* it— A neat pamphlet a
 n t r »«y rmurkitilr nroHurtw*."—
 fher ill tlx- astirof Mr. Hpoonri
 wonH hr- realised by tbr f„H adoption of hi* theorv
 nr do not here stop to enquire; hot nr heart ly com
 inen.l hi* code .v.ir to the notice of *ll who lore t
 transparent forcible dirfiors—intrepid indepeolenre—
 original thought—and entire freedom from the ram
 of sect or jiarn Ana judicial writer, he h»* a dejah,
 a compass. far beyond an* one nh»x production
 have met our eve in a fong time.’*
 Hunt** .Merchant’* Mt/ruiw **ys_*‘ t
 in bold and oriyn.nl thoc V ht*. The iJVgj| c »t*r*
 poverty are «tated, a ut mailer of ,m,
 .itnm* Waring on the suffer, |„d .fown; the
 whole. Wf roiMifirr it 11 m#-2 ~,w
 »«Tth stmUmc—
 affording a* it dtM mmj
 num and political re &lt;nr
 The Bangor Cars 10 al/ le arh
 I. original noth, »M the ;f Lvuuwlev S r s &gt;nr r
 af that jwwaerfM heat what* demo»!
 stratr* liie tMHot,»t,u«Uoo i&lt;« &gt;A American Si nerv
 There i- no writer .A tks «.ge, of fog,ml acumen more
 searching thas hpoower.,' J&gt;. new work m 0,.
 r oed to lend to are examnmiim of ail former
 tem* of political econon y.” At fret hliuh hi*
 nomical propositions strike it* a* sustain;,bir arw j,.
 they are .mi. hi* work will prevail, and produce
 rnportant rrrohition in the prevent prevailing
 tem.
 I.verv one should read it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Bo*to«.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cent*.
 HartS t finable Lxlrart
 I* the only remedy that ran be relied on for the
 I erraanent cure ot Spaemodie Contractions, Imt.i
 lu nof tl-e Nerve*. .Nervous or Sitk Headache
 Nervous Tremors. Neimilgir Affection*, C;**m-i.,
 1 febility. Deficiency of Ntrvons and Phv«ieal Enei
 py. ami all Ncr*i'll* Doorotn, incliniing tit** idom
 tearful of all di-eases that affect the human race
 7/*frp*V, or F lung Eickrr.ee. Hysteiical Fits,
 Convulsions, &amp;c It is well known, that
 I. m tiim immemorial, Physicians have pronounced
 I'pileprtc Fits incnml 10. It has (raffled all their
 skill, ami the boasted power id’all medicine, and
 i min qtu nfly thousand* have suffered through a mis.
 entblc existence, and at last yiek'nl up their lives on
 tile Altar oj Insanity. —The proprietor of the Vegrt
 ble Extract, hnwi v,-r. ft-cls no delicacy in saving
 that it can !e cured. He would, thereli re, ri sport
 (ally invite physicians, and all others who are intpr
 -ted, to i \ann &gt;e the testimony which is here offered.
 It’ it is deception, let it be exposed hut it’ it is
 t.'i-.e, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 I c said that Fpilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Fstrait. For sixteen years,
 I is been tested by many persons who have suffered
 v itli this dreadful disease, and in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Deimlovv of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted with Fils lor more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Iliadey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 s sites that she has lien subject to Fits fur many
 years, and has been res tons I to perfect health (alter
 every other means lutd failed) hy the use of the
 A cgotable Extract.
 Hr. Charles A. Brown, ot Hover, Russell co.,
 1 dsima, who is one ol the )ie*t Plivsieians m the
 Mate, says that lie has Wen iiitirh Wnefuted by the
 rse of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 i giy prescribes it in every rase of Epilepsy which
 c ancs under his knowledge.
 Curtis MayWrry, F.sip, formerly Postnm«ter
 at Lime Mills, Craw lord Co., Pa., now living in
 I rie Co., Pa., statrs that for many v r&gt; .irs past he
 his Wen sorely afflicted w itli Fits, and he is now
 I appy to state that a persevering use of Hr. Hail’s
 egetable Extract, has restored him to s&gt;mid health,
 I cing entirely freed from that worst &lt;*f all diseas«'s.
 Judge Randall, N. 15b llemy stieet, New York,
 I aving used the Vegetable Extract suceessfullv in’
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 aio afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New A'oik, states that
 Mr. has, H. Houghton, a member of his family ha*
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits h r
 is any years, that lie was obliged to relinquish Ida
 lusiiM SS. Having used Hr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex*
 l act (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State ol
 j Chio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Clitircn,
 Spotsuood, New Jersey, who has been afflict*d
 v itli Epileptic Eds for more than lorty years, states
 that he has used l)r. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 h.s health has Wen so much improved that he hope*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Eits.
 EjnltjAu fits. For twenty-seven years ami six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remaikablc case of the son ol
 V. in. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 I pileptic Fits twenty-seven years and »ix mouths
 After travelling through England, Scotland,
 n any and France, consulting the most eminent
 physieians, and expending for medicine, medical
 ti raiment and advice three thousand dollat s, retuined
 with his son to this country in NovcmWr last., with
 out receiving any Wnefit wliatcver, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Fxtract. I have sj cut
 over three thousand dollars lor medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eti
 r. |ie with him w hich I did. first visited England,
 I consulted the most emiiwnt physicians there iii
 ri snert to his rase; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. 1 reiiuiincd tltcie three rnonihs
 without perceiving any change for the Wttcr, which
 Ci st me about two hundred and fifty di liars, po&lt;k
 eted by the bysicians, and the most tliat 1 received
 was llieir opinion tliat mv sou’s case was hoi« lc»s
 ami POSH IVELY INt’LRABEE. I accordingly
 I* it England travelled through .Scotland, Germany
 ami France, and returned home in the month ol
 NoteinWr last, with my son as tar fioui being cured
 a when I k it, I saw y-.ur adveitisement in one of
 ti e New Yoik papers, and concluded to try Hurt’*
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 critilicates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 tl irly years standing, and 1 can assure you I am not
 s« rry 1 did so, as by the use of Hart s Vegetable
 Fxtiaet alone lie was restored to PERFECT
 II LA El H. Ii is reason, w hicii was so far g*»ne as to
 unfit him for business is entirely rotund, with the
 prospect now before him of lile, health and useful*
 ness. He is now 28 wars of age, ami 127 year* (i
 months of this time has Wen afflicted w ith this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, filth withoi.t vvoiks 1 don’t Wiieve
 in. To say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as 1 here enclose you one hundred dollars,
 1 hay*; no doul t but you will think this anolWr ami
 quite a different thing. The d« ht of gratitude I still
 owe you, but please accept this amount as interest
 on tin; debt in advance.
 Yours, very respect fully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SF.CORE.
 TESTIMONY I PON TESTIMONY.
 In reli ri o*e to tlie almost! iiiiracuk.iis Ituacy ol
 this truly wonderffil luetlieine, read the following
 letter from Hr. J.. Monroe, of Guilfonl, Ohio,
 oi«- of the most eminent physicians i„ that place:
 Gudfoid, Oitio, August 17, tK|«&gt;.
 J»r*»lber lals-rer in tlic came ol hniii.iuiiv—-fteai
 sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure tliat I
 am enabled to animunce to v&lt;hj (tie complete triumph
 of ymir invaluable aiedicine ’in rase* of Epilepsy. 1
 have psreseribed it in f. ur itirtanees in this vicinity,
 ami it lias been highly turo oiiil m ail. Tluee o
 tbc ;«tients, 1 trn.-t, have lie# a ratjlcallv cured.
 The fourth one is rapidly improving, ami will
 think without doubt recover. I am not in iJm, habit
 of prescribing or n cniuiueudiug p-aleut medicines,
 Iwl when I *e«- an atficle which (uoiniim so much
 li&gt;r ll*e relief of sultenng humanity, I he I i„ v ulv
 to rccoituneisl it, and I have no ffesitaliin in Hav
 ing dial as soon as the faculty are fully aetjuamted
 with lltc real merit &lt;ff your medicine, they will
 close liieir eyes agaiast (xeymiice and lend von a
 Wiping Ijatwi.
 I wiljscriW myselt yours, sincerely,
 l.Signed) W. L. MONROE, M. D
 To l&gt;r. S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME LS NOT FAR DIHTANT
 When thousuaU w ten are now treiuWiiur mvier
 the hand of this ureadfu! disease, a, M I ha nag uZi
 every attark may prove fi.U.l, wiii find mrmsoent
 rebel restored uew life, by u*mg this
 crk-tjralr«f
 O\LK ONE TllOl SANH CERTIFICATES
 Have tie*n received in U-»(ituo&lt;iv ol the IVueiKiai
 result protiuced by the use of Hr. Hart’s egru-
 Ur Extract.
 Prepared by HART, M. D New Vork.
 Pr«e, &lt;«e package Wi
 tour package. |0 00
 1W eight packages 2U 00
 packed up in box** li&gt;r trxiu
 pc* tat ion, and tend to am part of tW l wted
 .JfV* Mexico, ami W e.t Indies.
 lIIOMAS h Mll-S, lti9 Mam sueet. Cm
 cmnati. Ohm, General Agents for iW tinted
 steles, to whom all cossaiunicatexi* must be ad
 dressed Poet Paid.
 A. B It I). Maiula Conner of Fulton ami WiliuuuSlt.
 New York.
 p ade, Main k. ht. Pauls Rixhestcr,
 E. Holhdge, 217 Maiu street Buffalo,
 N E. tiaykad, Agents for Cleveland Ohio,
 *»y It killbouiue, t o.uuibus,
 G h O. II Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 Hut. Cunuinghaifi, Mdlwaukw His.
 J. K Reed, amt Co., f lursei 111.
 Doct. T. Mason, ltuiiiM|or lowa
 ll. Blacks ley, ami Co., Hi. Wmia Mo.
 Aad for hale by nswt of the pniK ipul lhnggjsts,
 tluoupliout the niled Stairs.
 THOMAB It MILLB, IW Main street.
 ••P- Ji CiounaaU.iffovi
"
