"Communications*
Letter from Gerrit Smith.
Frederick Douglass, My Dear Sir :—I
 have just read the last North Star. I thank
 vou for the correction of last week. That let
 ter can now be understood. I thank you,
 also, for your comments on the address,which
 I reported last June, to the National Conven
 tion of the Liberty Party, at Buffalo. These
 comments are rich in thought and feeling.
 Valuable, however, as they are, I must object
 to them, that for the most part, they are not
 pertinent to the question in coniroversybetween
 us. That question is, whether the Federal Con
 stitution is pro-slavery or anti-slavery.
You occupy much of your space, in oppos
 ing the doctrines of the Address, that Gov
 ernment must, whether with or against the
 Constitution, abolish slavery. But this doc-
trine, if right or wrong, does not touch the
 question between us. That question I am pre-
pared to.discuss with you, as soon as you may
 have retracted the admission made a fortnight
 since, in the North Star, “that the Constitu
 tion of the United States, standing alone, and
 construed only in the light of its letter is not a
 pro-slavery instrument.” Until this and your
 similar admissions are retracted, you will be
 on my side of the question, and therefore, in
 no attitude to discuss it with me. If the
 Constitution is incapable of being construed
according to its letter, there is, of course, lib
 erty to go outside of it for help to construe it.
 But you admit, that it is capable of being in
 terpreted in the light of its letter; and I ap
 peal to all, who are acquainted with the rules
 which govern the interpretation of such papers
 whether I am not right in saying, that if the
 Constitution be capable of being interpreted
 in the light of its letter, it is utterly contrary
 to such rules to attempt to interpret it in any
 other light, or by any other helps.
 Now, if you will take the position, and de
 fend it by argument, that the Constitution is,
 in its letter, pro-slavery, I will reply to you.
 Or, if you will take the position, and defend
 it by argument, that the Constitution is not
 self-interpreting, and is seen in the light of
 history, to be pro-slavery, I will reply to you
 Moreover, I will, in either case endeavor to
 show Ist, that the Constitution calls for no
 surrender of slaves, and for no aid whatever
 to slavery and 2nd, that it gives power to the
 Federal Government, or Federal Judiciary, if
 not indeed to both, to abolish every part of A
 merican slavery.
Permit me to say in closing, that the part
 of the Address, which you suppose argues
 “disdain” of the Constitution, and want
 of “deference” for it, and distrust of its
 friendliness to the “slaves’ redemption,” has
 no sucli meaning in my eye, and was not in
 tended to be susceptible of such meaning. On
 the contrary, I look upon the constitution to
 be anti-slavery from its surface to its core: and
 I insist, that there would not be one just and
 intelligent mind left to give it a pro-slavery
 interpretation, were it not that the African
 race, is a helpless and despised race. Even
 Frederick Douglass himself, much as he loves
 his race, would not be found joining in such
 interpretation, did it bear against another than
 his own race.
I am, my dear Sir, with great regard,
 GERRIT" SMITH
 Peterboro, March 30th, 1846.
Buffalo, March 29, 1849
Messrs. Editors —ln perusing your pa
 per of the 23d inst., I find, over the signature
 of M. R. D.,” (one of the editors,) an
 article headed Domestic Economy,” which,
 in my opinion,’will admit of come correction,
 and with all due deference to the writer, I
 may be allowed to examine the validity of his
 reasonings.'
And allow me first to remark, that while I
 gratefully appreciate the zeal and ardor which
 have ever characterized the efforts of this able
 champion of liberty, and while 1 hail his
 labors as ominous of much good, and the har
 binger of better days, I still, in justice to that
 divine command''which he has seen fit to
 choose as the basis of his argument, must and
 ever shall, under my present convictions, dif
 fer materially with him.
 The divine command in question is this
 Seek ye first the Kngdom of Heaven and
 its righteousness, and all things shall be
 added.”
The writer, in descanting upon this pas
 sage, says, or would infer, that the Christian
 Church had fallen into a great great error in
 believing and promulgating the doctrine that
 this injunction had reference to the daily avo
 cations ot men, but would have us believe
 that it was given merely as a'command to
 those whom' he had called to be his immediate
 disciples in the days of his incarnation—such
 as Andrew, Peter, and James, whom he de
 scribes as fishermen, supplying the various
 markets in that region of country; hence, we
 are to believe that the only persons invited to
 an inteiest in the Kingdom of Heaven are
 those few favored fishermen.
The presumption is just as strong in this
 light, as in the light which our friend would
 have you view the passage under considera
 tion. But he asserts, as a reason why this
 command w r as exclusively to the fishermen,
 that they were engaged in their business
 pursuits, earning for themselves a livelihood.”
 Hence, this command was made as an in
 ducement through the agency of which they
 might be brought into fields of more useful
 employments.
Now that this kind of reasoning was pe
 culiarly adapted to them, may be tiue; but
 that it is not alike applicable to us, we cannot
 admit; for we find men now clinging more
 tenaciously, and adhering more strongly, to
 the customs and maxims of the world, and
 pursuing more eagerly their business voca
 tions, than what w e did in the days of the
 apostles—their hearts have become more
 hardened, and their obdurate wills more prone
 to evil, than what was ever before known.
YY e find the merchant, the mechanic, and
 the farmer, each striving to amass to himself
 riches, without ever once thinking of his
 Great Benefactor, from whom all blessings
 come and Jesus, knowing what would be
 the state and condition of the world, and de
 siring that every man should become an in
 heritor of eternal life, left upon record this
 divine command,” to warn them against* the
 danger of allowing their minds to become so
 entirely engrossed with the cares of the
 world, as to neglect to seek the salvation of
 their souls. And it is as reasonable for us to
 suppose that Christ, when he commissioned
his disciples to preach the gospel, had refer
 ence to only those whom he w r as then ad
 dressing, and that, when they were to die, the
 preaching of the gospel was to cease, just
 as much so as it is reasonable to suppose that
 in addressing this language, he had reference
 only to the fishermen, and we must admit, if
 we believe Divine revelation, howevei much
 it may be at variance with our feelings, that
 this injunction is alike applicable to all, for
 God is no respecter of persons, and he desires
 not to enjoin duties upon one that he will not
 also require of another.
 But there are many points in the argument
 which I wonder at. Referring to our hav
 ing embraced this faith, he says that we
 labor under a most eggregious and shame
 ful errorand he accounts for it as being
 the result of oppression, evidently endeavor
 ing to impress npon our minds that this doc
 trine of seeking the Kingdom of Heaven is
 nothing more than a wild imagination, brought
 into being through ignorance, and fostered by
 the hand of slavery. Our friend M. R. D.
 must certainly be in an error (if 1 under
 stand him) in this matter. If his argument is
 tenable, (as he undoubtedly has the ability,)
 I hope that he will define and simplify his
 position, and I stand ready to be corrected.
 Yours for Justice,
 GEORGE WEIR, Jr.
Prejudice against Color.
Frederick Douglass. —You may not be
 aware that the Freemen of this City have for
 manny years been in the habit holding a Tri
 ennial Procession in celebration of the organ
 ization of their Department. Once it was not
 unusual to have the choice music of the Col
 ored Bands indiscriminately mixed with the
 White Bands in their parades, but of late
 years prejudice has succeeded in excluding the
 former from them altogether. Little less than
 two years ago, however, the Sons of Temp,
 having a procession, one of their Divisions es
 sayed to show their appreciation of good mu
 sid, and brave popular prejudice by the en
 gagement of Johnson’s far-famed Band. Their
 courage, I am sorry to say, was not adequate
 to the emergency, for upon gaining the line,
 the threat of the entire White Bands to with
 draw, if the latter were permitted to remain,
 caused their immediate discharge and thus
 did prejudice complete its triumph But one
 of the Sections of the Cadets of Temperance,
 the Morning Star, I believe, determining to
 have them, offered them an engagement;
 but the Band, remembering their late treat
 ment, declined it unless the Section would
 agree fo preserve the engagement however
 averse their opponents might be to their re
 tention. They did so, and in a manner the
 more honorable because they also shared the
 exclusion with them. This Section, followed
 the procession in the rear, at a snfficient dis
 tance to make the cause obvious. The gen
 eral attention which this |drew, caused many
 in the ranks to feel ashamed of such proscrip
 tion, and overtures were made to the Section
 to take their proper place in the line, but be
 ing once excluded, they perepmptorily de
 clined. Shortly after this occurrence, one of
 the Fire Companies in review of the Triennial
 parade of this month, having the courage to
 employ whom they would, secured at once on
 terms of perfect understanding, the music of
 the Band which had been so obnoxious to the
 other. Subsequently, not only was every one
 of the Colored Bands engaged but several
 were sought by companies who were disap
 pointed in finding themselves too late. Mean
 while, the white musicians remembering the
 triumph of the Cadets, and probably not know
 ng the permanent character of the engage
 ment which the Colored Bands hacf made,
 called a meeting among themselves and unani
 mously passing a resolution not to play in the
 procession unless the colored musicians were
 excluded, and had it published quile in season
 to have the previous engagement broken.
 But, not a single company bolted, every, one
 determining not to cower to such a petty spir
 it. Another card appeared afterwards, pur
 porting to be a refusal, of the Colored Bands
 to play unless the White Bands were exclu
 ded but this being untrue it was promptly
 refuted. The opponents rapidly diminishing
 by several of the dissenting bands making en
 gagements, a final attempt was,made by call
 ing a meeting of the opposing delegates, but
 whether they could not agree, or were
 ashamed of their proceedings, they have never
 yet met the public eye. The day for the pro
 cession has since come and gone, and though
 the weather was exceedingly unpropitious, it
 took place. As in days gone by, the colored
 bands were indiscriminately mixed in the line,
 and, so far as the writer knows, not a single
 deriding remark escaped either the spectators
 or the musicians viho were thus humbled in
 being obliged to play in the same procession
 with those against whom they were so much
 prejudiced. Dodsworth’s Band, of New
 York, however, made it an objection against
 their joining the procession, and, together
 with the Diligent Hose Company, which em
 ployed them, went over the entire route in
 advance of the line. It is hoped that they
 will yet be made ashamed of the distinction
 which they thus gave themselves.
 With sentiments of high regard, I am
 yours for Liberty and Equality,
PAYTON
 Philadelphia, March 28, 1849.
From our own Correspondent.
 Port-au-Prince, Feb., 28th, 1848
Friends Douglass Delany —After an
 unusually long silence, which the over-rul
 ing force of circumstances, imposed upon me,
 I eagerly embrace a few leisure moments,
 to resume my correspondence. Thopgh it
 may have languished, time has not been idle
 and the year of our Lord one thousand eight
 hundred and forty eight, having made the
 summation of its joys and its sorrows, its gra
 tifications and its regrets, has gone to seek its
 predecessors in the Past; while that of eigh
 teen hundred and forty nine, with no treasures
 but its hopes, is impressing upon us the reali-
ties of the Present, and giving us slight and
 uncertain glimpses of the solemn and dreamy
 Future. With us, the old year passed off gai
 ly and during the last day of its existence,
 the streets of Port-au-Prince were enlivened
 with passing parties of horsemen, —the Offi
 cers of this and other governments, going to
 their felicitations to His Excellency, the Pre
 sident of the Haitian Republic. Its gaiety,
 however, was but the Aurora with its promi
 ses of meridian brightness and the following
 day burst upon us in all the splendor that was
 befitting the forty-sixth anniversary of a na
tion’s independence. Early in the morning
 of the first of January, an immense concourse
 consistiug of the citizens and the military,
 were assembled in the Place de Petion, iu
 front of the National Palace. The President
 and other dignitaries of the government were
 in attendance; as were also, the Consuls of
 foreign powers resident here, attired in their
 respective uniforms. The spectacle was a
 magnificent one and as the morning sun was
 reflected back from floating standards, embroi
 dered suits and glittering bayonets, it seemed
 as though I had been suddenly transported to
 the faiiy regions of Oriental tale. Upon the
 mimic stage, I may have seen typifications of
 this gorgeous mingling of steel and silk and
 gold but certainly never have I had the com
 mon-places of actual life broken in upon by so
 imposing a pageant. The splendor of the Pre
 sident’s attire surpassed any powers of descrip
 tion that I may be possessed of. Let it there
 fore suffice to say, that it consisted of a scarlet
 coat, literally stiff with golden embroidery,
 long boots similarly decorated, and the various
 other portions of his apparel in perfect keep
 ing. However much this gala-show may
 have conflicted with long imbibed notions of
 republican simplicity, the effect of its glitter
 upon the senses was none the less imposing.
 After a short address by M. Dufresne, the
 Secretary-General, the assemblage walked in
 procession to the church, where a solemn Te
 Deum was chanted to the Great Dispenser of all
 things, under whose Providence, Haiti is now
 in the enjoyment of tranquility, as well as in
 dependence. Ever and anon, throughout the
 ceremonies of the day, the deep-mouthed can
 non spoke out the heart-felt gratitude of afiee
 people, whilst every countenance evinced in a
 manner that could not be mistaken the univer
 sal joy.
From the contemplation of this spectacle,
 my mind reverted to other scenes, of which
 this land has been the theatre. The heroes
 which varying circumstances demanded, pas
 sed along in that rapid review, which thought
 ever orders. First among them was Toussiant
 L’Ouvreture, who, greater than the Roman
 that subdued his country’s foes, ere hesought
 a redress for private wrongs, paused in his
 work of vengeance to perform an act of grate
 tude. It pictured him shaping the course of
that fearful Exodus from oppression, and at
 length triumphantly guiding his fellows, with
 a stern and steady hand, in the way that an
 untried liberty offered to their footsteps. It
 followed him in his successful rule, until the
 fell damps of an infernal dungeon cast their
 blighting mildews over the genius that years
 of,bondage had not been able to extinguish.
 Then came Dessalines, who called by his
 countrymen, to preside over those liberties
 which he had so gloriously etablished, expi
 ated by a bloody death, his grasping after im
 perial power. Nor was the recollection of
 Christophe wanting—that self emancipated
 bondsman, whose gigantic intellect, after com
 manding the admiration of the world, could
 not resist the glittering lures of regal dignity;
 but who, rather than stoop from the lofty flight
 that he had imagined, sought in self-destruc
 tion, a refuge from all abasement. Last came
 Alexandre Petion—he, whose military genius
 had claimed the admiration of that greatest of
 all modern chieftamc, Napoleon Bonaparte.—
 he, whose efforts to foster an infant republic,
 caused a grateful people to bestow upon him
 the proud title of the Father of his Country
 he, w T hose untimely death was the sole event
 in along administration, that caused a nation’s
 tears to flow. Well might the mind ponder
 on these instrumentalities, for it was through
 them, that the independence of Haiti was es
 tablished. And that liberty so dearly earned,
 so watchfully guarded, will henceforth and
 forever, remain the birth-right of her children.
 Yes— when her skies lose that cerulean
tinge, which their Maker has given them—
 when her mornes that raise their verdant peaks
 towards heaven, shall crumble from their lof
 ty elevation—when the waves which now
 break so lovingly upon her shores, shall sweep
 over the spots, where Nature blooms in her
 most charming parure then, if amid this gen
 eral wreck, a place be found for human foot
 hold, may the fearful scenes of oppression, of
 which Haiti was once the stage, be re-enacted.
 Though the actions of her liberators, owing
 to their having been reared in slavery, may
 not have always been characterised by that
 disinterestedness, which marks the perfect
 patriot—though her sons, maddened by the
 prejudices which have been their heritage,
 may have caused fraternal blood to renew the
 stain left by the hand of her oppressors,—
 though it is still problematical, whether she
 hath even yet reached the term of her calami
 ties, this truth is evident, that while a definite
 existence is left to Haiti, freedom will be her
 portion. The language of every one of her
 children, like that of the patriots of Virginia,
 is and ever will be, “Give me liberty, or give
 me Death.”
Tuesday, January the twenty second, was
 the Fete of Jean Jacques Dessalines, Ex-em
 peror of Hayti. This festival also, was cele
 brated with all the pomp becoming the occa
 sion.
The current of affairs is flowing on quite
 tranquilly here, at present, with the exception
 that the army is preparing to march against
 the revolted portion of the island. His Ex
 cellency, the President heads the expedition,
 which will set off* in th course of six or eight
 days. The city resounds with the “dreadful
 notes of warlike preparation and it is to be
 presumed that the campaign will soon com
 mence in earnest.
SinceH last wrote to you, an alteration has
 taken place, in the form of the Govermental
 administration. The ministry (or rather, the
 Provisional Ministry) then existing, has been
 superceded and political affairs are at present
 under the control of a Secretary-General, a
 Secretary of State for the department of Fi
 nance and Foreign Affairs, and a Grand
 Judge.
I perceive that, in some of the American
 papers, no very favorable mention is made re
 specting the law recently enacted here reserv
 ing to the Government a monopoly of the
 trade in coffee, and in such other produce of
 the soil, as it may deem proper. It is true
 that this is a greater encroachment upon the
 speculations of theorists, than practical econo
 mists usually permit themselves to indulge in.
 Yet, in view of the monetary embarrassments
 of the country, the measure may he justifiable;
 and I could almost be tempted, in defiance of
 the wrath of political dabblers, to assert my
 beleif, that if this law fail in the accomplish
 ment of its object, it will be owing rather to a
 defect in its detail, than to one in its general
principle. The existing government, certainly
 appears very much disposed to favor agricul.
 culture, commerce and education—the germs
 wherein lie the future welfare of Haiti. A
 few days ago, a law was published on the last
 mentioned subject, establishing an University
 of Haiti, and granting to the Commission of
 Education, the power to bestow the usual de
 grees conferred in foreign colleges. Trusting
 that the future may be fraught with good, for
 this truly interesting country, I subscribe my
 self, Yours, as ever,
 IIARROLD.
“The Smuggling Case.”- —The Washing
 ton correspondent of the Philadelphia North
 American writes as follows (March 21st):
The President has directed the recall of
 Mr. H. W. Ellsworth, as Charge d’Affairs
 at Stockholm, upon the evidence of his par
 ticipation in the affair which has recently been
 the subject of so much just and indignant com
 ment in the press. This is perhaps, the only
 instance, in our whole history, in which a
 diplomatic agent, clothed with such honor
 able functions, has disgraced himself by an act,
 at once so contemptible and mercenary.
On Friday night last, one of the stages run
 ning on the northern route between Blairs
 ville and Pittsburgh, was precipitated down a
 precipice nearly perpendicular, forty or fitly
 feet in a creek.—There were four passengers
 in the coach at the time, one of whom, Cqnt.
 George W. Pennington, of Pittsburgh, was
 killed on the spot.
Significant Fact.—The New Orleans
 Crescent publishes the report of a Committee
 appointed for the purpose of ascertaining the
 number of deaths by Asiatic cholera which
 occurred among the Sons of Temperance in
 that city and the adjoining towns during the
 recent epidemic. The Committee state that
 there are 1,243 members of the different divis
 ions in New Orleans, Lafayette, Algiers und
 Gretna. In these Divisions three deaths only
 occurred, and in some of them not a case of
 cholera took place. Of those who died, one
 had been a member but a week, another less
 than a month, and the third was a watchman
 who was much exposed. The proportion of
 deaths in the City was fifteen to every one
 thousand souls, while in the Sons of Temper
 ance the proportion was 1 in more than 400
 members.
Colored Gold Diggers.—The New Or
 leans Picayune says “We learn that John
 Routh, of Tensas, La., is about leaving for
 California, with twenty-five selected negroes,
 to dig for gold.” The Memphis Eagle in no
 ticing this, remarks Several others from
 this section have taken servants along with
 them, but we have not heard before of any
 considerable force of blacks on the wav to the
 diggings.”
Air-Line to California.—Our staid citi
 zens were somewhat excited yesterday by the
 appearance of large handbills, announcing in
 bold capitals, that the Aerial Locomotive will
 leave this city on the 15th of April on its first
 flight to Cailfornia. The price of passage is
 fixed at SSO, including board, and the trip is
 to be made in calm weather, in two days—
 against head winds, in five days. The y&gt;ro
 prietors, Messrs Porter and Robinson, pro
 pose to stop by the way for companies of not
 less than twenty. We are glad to learn that
 the plan will at least be fully tested.— N. Y.
 Tribune.
Clippings from English Papers
New Investments.—A glance at the
 Times advertisements will show that the pub
 lic appetiie for California is likely to be met.
 There is a Californian Gold Coast Trading
 Association,” a OaiiKmtitm Ot?id Minings
 Steaming, and Washing Company,” a Cali
 fornia Steam Trading Compay,” a Califor
 nia Gold and Trading Company,” a Cali
 fornia Gold Mining, &amp;c., Trading Company,”
 and last, but not least, is the Balloon Rail
 way.
How r ro Avoid an Action for Slander.
 —At a late meeting in Norwich, Mr. Parry
 said I will not tell you what I last heard
 respecting the Duke of Marlborough, because
 if I were to tell you that a m'an was brought
 up in a police court and fined ss. for being
 drunk that would be slander, and actionable.”
A Summons for Time.—lt was proposed to
 introduce, hour-glasses into the House of
 Commons. Well said Sibthorp, they
 might be useful in setling the minutes.”
 How to Gain ten Years.-—The differ
 ence between rising in the morning at six and
 at eight o’clock, is equivalent, in the course
 of forty years, to ten years of eight working
 hours a day.
 Mr. Turner, in a recent lecture at Man
 chester, averred, with reference to brass bands,
 no man was ever known to blow the largest
 horn and live beyond the period of three
 years.” It is, however, different with man
 and his own trumpet.
 Power of Song.—More than .£‘12,000 liasj
 been contributed to charitable purposes
 through the agency of Jenny Lind within the I
 last two months
Thomas Campbell’s Idea of Posthumous
 Fame.—When I think of the existence I
 shall commence when the stone is laid above
 my head, how can literary fame appear to
 me, to any one, but as nothing I believe
 when I am gone justice will be done to me in
 this way, that I was a pure writer. It is an
 expressible comfort, at my time of life, to be
 able to look back asd feel that I have not
 written one line against religion or virtue.
An Edinburgh correspondent of the Daily
 News observes: “A remarkable instance of the
 eccentricity of the cholera is that, whilst ex
 tending its ravages in eastern, western, and
 southern directions, it has not yet gone north
 ward, scarcely a single case having occurred
 north of the Firth or Forth, notwithstanding
 thefconstant intercourse between both sides of
 the estuary.”
A Bird in the Hand, &amp;c. —The proverb
 is somewhat musty, and yet we hear that a
 gentleman of this city is about to emigrate to
 the “diggings” of California, although he
 now holds an official situation of £2OO or
 £3OO a year. It seems to us very much like
 leaving a certain for a very uncertain good,
 with the prospect of some very inconvenient
 evils—scalping, yellow fever, shooting down,
 &amp;c.— Bristol Journal.
From an official return it appears that, on
 the sth of January last the dividends due by
 the Bank of England, and not demanded,
 that is, for which no claimants appear, amoun
 ted to the sum of £1,047,206. Strange,
 indeed So many peeple wanting money,
 and so much money wanting owners.— Birm.
 Mercury.
The Phonetic system,” says a correspon
 dent of the Phonetic News, is the tail way
 on which the wheels of progress must run.
 O, but it is utopian What an objection from
 people fed, clothed, lighted, and carried about
 by realized utopias!”— Nonconformist.
 Nobility. —None but the lords are allowed
 to receive the order of ihe garter. We do
 not envy them, for the garter is .generally
 considered a fitting ornament for calves.—
 Punch.
What will be the ultimate effect of the dis
 covery of the digginsl —To raise prices, to
 ruin fools, to demoralise a new country first,
 and settle it afterwards. Punch.
Chaste Place to Live in. —A virgin forest
 in South America. Puppet Show.
 The Church and the Press. The true
 church of England at this moment lies in the
 editors of the newspapers. Thomas Carlyle.
The Morning Post applies a well-known
 rhyme (slightly altered) to the givings-way of
 the Whig ministers w hen beaten—
 A woman, a spaniel, and a ministry,
 The more you beat them, the better they be.
o m m c r c i a!.
Rochester, April 6, 1849,
There is very little doing in market. Flour has
 declined since our last report. A sale of 350 bbls
 pure Genesee was made on Monday at $5, and a
 small lot Rush mills at $5,06. We noticed a num
 ber of loads of Wheat in by waggon, and the price
 was uniform at $1,06 per bn. Corn from waggons
 sold at 44c. Oats are 29i®30. In provisions there
 is a moderate business doing. Butter is plenty at
 14c. But little Cheese arriving in market.
Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FI.OUR and MEAL—Duty 20 cad val
 Flour, Ip bbl 5 00/®5 25
 Corn meal, bush 45 (8) 47^
 PROVISIONS.—Duty ;Beef,Pork,Hants, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 (p c; Cheese 30 (p c ad val
 Pork, (mess .12 00 (8) 13 00
 Do. in hog 550
 Beef, cwt. 5 00 &lt;S&gt; 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700 f@ 8 00
 Lard (tried) lb (8) Ik. 8J
 Do. (leaf,) (8) 6
 Hams, (smoked) (8) 7
 Shoulders, do. 5 i® 6
 Turkeys (p lb 0
 Chickens 0
 Potatoes, bush. 38 50
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 cad val
 Wheat, bush 116
 Corn 45 44
 Rye 53
 Oats E. 1
 Barley 50 53
 HIDES—Duty; 5 (p c ad val
 Slaughter
 Calf _ ..10
 Sheep Pelts 40 75
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 fc; Mustard 20 (p
 c ad val
 Clover 350 (8) 000
 Timothy 200 (8) 250
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 (p c ad val
 Whitefish bbl 6 75
Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, W bbl 1 09
 Apples, Ip bush .31
 Do. dried (8) 62k
 Eggs, Ip doz 14
 Beans, bush 75 75
 Hay, ton 700 11 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
QViiuerttse tit cuts.
JOB PRINTING.
THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Antislavery office and Reading Room,
No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon_on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexicau war—
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 I’lie Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Arcliy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character. 1
Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite' the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in anv water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 oft principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of a t*e
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head; Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveriess, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and I ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being banefited.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 ppy all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them
 together with his professional services, for nothin'*
 if lie does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepiesentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what will be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the inflnence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itseL
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it lie more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or°any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefoie the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willin'*
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, referenda will
 be made to those who have been l-‘; efi in thi 7i llsti
 tut,on and also gonA references as to responsibility
 roi _..e proprietor to .meet the above, expense.*, if
 □enquire
A S A ss ig n ee of Stephen A. Leach, deceased,
 seb at I&gt;ublic Auction at the Ar
 cade Hall (opposite the Post Office) in the city
 of Rochester, on the 9th day of April, 1849, at 12
 o’clock M., One undivided fourth part of all that
 tractor parcel of land situate in the Village of
 Iloneoye Falls, town of Mendon, County of Mun
 roc and State of New York, bounded and described
 as follows: Beginning at the west corner of a lot
 of land owned in the year 1843 bv Ezra R. Ben
 ton, and now occupied by Asa Pride, and on the
 Northerly line of Munroe Street, thence along the
 line of said street north forty eight degrees, west
 one chain twenty and one half links to Robert
 Rand’s line; thence north forty-twp degrees, east
 at right angles with said street two cha' ns°and thirty
 nine links; thence north forty-eight degrees, west
 six feet and two inches; thence continuing alon
 said Land’s line north thirty-nine degrees, east one
 chain and sixty-two links to Harry Allen’s line
 thence along his line south forty-eight degrees, east
 one]chain; thence south thirty-four degrees fifteen
 minutes, west along said Allen's line one chain
 sixty-four and a half links; thence south forty-five
 degrees and forty-five minutes, east eighteen links;
 thence along said Benton’s line (now said Prides
 line) south forty-two degrees, west two chains and
 thirty-nine links to the place ofbeginning, containing j
 about half an acre of land, being the same premises
 conveyed by said Leach to Jerome B. Felloavs
 by deed dated October 17th 1848, and recorded in
 Munroe county clerk’s office Oct. 19, 1848 at ten I
 o clock A. M., in fib. 82 of deeds at page 172 The I
 above described premises will be sold subject to a
 certain mortgage executed by said Leach to
 Charles Paulk, dated 16th and recorded in
 Munroe County Clerk’s{Office on the 18th day of
 October IB4S at 10 o’clock A. M., in lib 46 of
 mortgages at page 500.
 Dated February 15th 1849.
 6 Jerome B Fellows, Assignee.
JOHN S. JACOBS
rjIIANGE IN TIME.—The trains Avill commence
 F eaVe R Cl tO (la y !,t tb e following time
 Eastward—at 12| a. m., 1] a. m., and 74 p. m.
 Westward— at2i a M., 4* a. m., and 4 f p. m.
 Rochester, December 5,184 S.
T LOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 -Liawarded hun, would respectfully inform his
 frienos and the public generally, that he has recently
 eidarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Mens, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 second hand appare. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 9 veep Ibe Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 With an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay hbenrhy an d dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 “j i I 'm” repaired and renovated with neatness
 ana despatch.
Hair-Cutting ami Dressing- at
 'R A ,LPH I'RANCIS’s Saloon, under the EaMe
 A v Buffalo-street j u l 14—3 m D
/CHARLES JONES, North Star House, No. 26
 y North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1. 1848
TTJST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 H for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily practice bv
 John B. Newman, M. I).” J
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering’
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and -written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 ical Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 desired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25*cents, or sold separate
 at 12&amp; cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given,
 so that one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the (lark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for both
 male and female.
 The book has been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 cian and a thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every house as a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 l'he price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only cents to any
 part of the United States.
 3Cr* Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 and paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies seat him free of postage.
 Send in your orderss, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 always reach their destination.
 Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to «ne address.
 H ANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 earned to their doors, A suiah capital of from S2O
 to s‘so will be necys-.a*"’ r e ach agent. Addiess,
 postpaid J gEO. W. FISHER,
 1,1849. 6 Excl'&lt;' ,n 8 e st Rochester, N f
Watch and Jewelry Store.
TORY K EDZIE having changed his partnership
 J relations removed his Shop two doors
 North low’ 11 State Street, where he ts prepared
 North to No. 11, the ga l e G f an entire new
 successfully to comp in f 11 an j Silver
 Stock of-Gorf,&gt;»S i vertical Wtuche.,
 English, Anchor, Horizo. atal aiv i ea s and Keys,
 Go d Guard and Fob Chain."’ Golu uu( T i, im bles,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spec. a cles i&gt;: nas a
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, anJ Fing a( jj e an( j
 good assortment, cheap; a variety ol L ,j j e an(
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; dou p eng
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Golu ases
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and C.
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;c. &amp;c.
The aliove and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in ourbusiness, are on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should lie examinee’, a
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere
 this market.
We manufacture and keep on hand a go od assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame'
 rican coin.
Will also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 other Musical Instruments, which will he sold very
 low.
We intend to keep a good assortment of the liest
 Brass Eight-day, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. IvEDZIE Co.
P• S. —To the Farmers in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Please call and examine them, as ever
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. om
»R. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
T would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 -laud surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to mv dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
1 hank fill for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tionage. I would invite all those who are de
 snous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 ot having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
Assignee’s Sale.
AUBURN ami ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD.
The ©ld Curosity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester
Dont forget “The Old Curosity Shop
 Rochester March 1849.
“Every Man bis own Physician,”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE subscriber has removed to that neat, conve
 nient, and central boarding-house, No. 2i Central
 Court, Avhere he will be most happy to welcome some
 of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.
 He Avishes his house to be the central place iu Bos
 ton, where the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity,
 I Freedom, the Prisoner, &amp;c., may meet together,and
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
Boston, Aug, 21, 1848.
 HHHOMAS P. SMITH, No. 3S, Brattle Street,
 -L sign of the Golden Ball. Netv and Seeond
 hand Clothing Store.
T’hc Massachusetts Quarterly Re view,
 COMMENCED on the first of December, 1847,
 to be continued on the Ist of March, June, and
 and September. It will lie devoted to the interest
 party or class, but its conductors avill endea
 of nfv an open and fair field for the notice
 vor to p of matters pertaining to Philosophy,
 and discuss. ’ore. Religion, and Humanity-
 Politics, Litenu\ be conducted by R. \V. Emer-
 The Review win •'&lt;»d J- Elliot'Cabot, assisted
 son, Theodoie Parker,
 by several other gentlemen. N lUt 125 pages, at the
 Each number will contain aU
 price of |'3 a year, in advance. v should
 Communications, subscriptions, x Tt
 addressed to the Publishers, T LEY,
 COOLIDGE &amp;W. Boston
 12, Water Street, j_
 TVOBERI MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 V sellor at LaAV, Brazer’s Building, State Street
 Boston.
TOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstor.e-st.
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
TUfeT PLBLISHED, and for sale at the office of
 O of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
i his Avork contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37£ cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents iu paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 1 lie Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women,from various authors, 12£ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—.
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Win. W. BroAvn’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M,
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Priee 5 cents.
A. CLARK
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad*
 way.
T JINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 -L Broadway.
7 OSEPH C. HOLLA, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 O No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasonable terms.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 UIHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 w form his friends and the public, that he continues
 to devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his home” Avith a call. The house is pleasantly
 located at 632 BroadAvay, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Ilair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, NeAV York.j,
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Walker’s Appeal, Avith a brief sketch ot
 his life by Henry Highland Garnet.
 Also, Gar m-.t’s Address in the Slaves of the Urn*
 ted States. This address Avas rejected by the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those Avho desire copies Avill do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JHS 1 PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Thb
 Past and Present Condition of the Color*
 ed Race, by Hairy Highland Garnet
 üb :!l'® d at 1 °y, •V Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
General Intelligence Office.
EO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish-
 A&lt; inent at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may, require them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, \\°ho have
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
references:
 Andrew M’Makin Editor of the American Courierl!
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer 55
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette!
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Kevstona
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly 3g
TAR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi-
 XJ ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly _3 6
FREE PRODUCE STORE
NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 leduced prices, Ginghams, various qualities ami
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Slieetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Fable Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling, &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants, as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 1 roduce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
3m49
Free Labor Goods,
MANLFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding-
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent at tide; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c. &amp;e.
Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 l'ifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publications
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsome
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul tf
THE DELAWARE ABOLITJONIS'V
 A wT ER f th t ab ve n £T wiU
 A Wilmington, by the Delaware nti Slayerv
 Socety. I will be edited by a&lt;^ mit an(] ]fl
 be published on a half at t^enty .f; T e
 cents per year, or for four llumberß It i.lJbe
 devoted to and a&lt;)
 voeate 1 by all lawful means T
 r Vj, semi-monthly, if mean?
 ol&lt; .id, or as often as the means can .hhu.
 JAMFf= R RLOUKE
 i Tubiirhmy A^,..
"
