"CBMRIf NICATIBBB.
AMERICA* MJKDAY SCHOOLS AMU
 AMERICAS SLAVERY THE AL
 LIES OF EACH OTHER.
 Muhh Eorroas: —The friends and potrom
 of our Sunday School*, are not onfrcqueoth
 shocked, by the anti-slavery lecturer whr
 dames The American Sunday Schoo
 Union” with the other pro-slavery institutions
 with which our land abounda, under the nam*
 of benevolent, philanthropic, and religious
 forgetting that aa a great whole, the name
 men who control the political destinies of the
 nation, and give us slaveholding presidents,
 and slaveholding cabinets, and slaveholding
 wars—arc the very same men, who control
 not only the ecclesiastical and commercial re
 lations of the North and the South, but give
 character to those institutions which bare been
 looked upon as ind tpensablc to the welfare of
 the rising generation.
 They seem to forget, that, man who
 false in one relation of life, is untrustworthy
 is every other and while they admit, that
 the vilest slaveholders, and the most barbar
 ous slavedrivers have emanated from North
 ern Sunday Schools, they insist that those are
 but exceptions to the general rule.
 The American Sunday School Union is
 slaveholding in its character and influence, as
 I propose to show to the entire satisfaction of
 every honest mind
 First. The children who attend those
 schools, are as a general thing, not taught
 that slavery is a sin, and those passages ol
 Scripture which bear upon the subject, are so
 construed and w rested from their true mean
 ing, as may be seen by reference to the Union
 question-books, as not to condemn the perpe
 trator of this horrible crime, or if they are in
 some instances, taught to regard slavery as
 sinful, they are at the same tune, taught both
 by precept and example, that slaveholders art
 yiot sinnir*, hut good Christian brethren to be
 fellow-shipped by minister—superintendent—
 Sund iV-srhool teacher and scholar; hence the
 crime is transformed into an eril, which if they i
 in after life choose to endure, they may w ith
 out losing their Christian character and reputa
 tion.
 Secondly. The books published by the
 Union, and which compose the sunday-school
 libraries to a great extent, embracing several
 thousand volumes, are with a single *rceptton,\
 entirely acceptable to slaveholders, as contain- j
 ing nothing which condemns their trading in
 the bodeand souls of men.
 W ben the t'hnrl s/o.i \f •vv/o; called atten- j
 lion to the alarming fact, that one ot Use socie
 ty s publications cmtauiiU an obnoxious pas
 sage. hat was the result The ommitKe
 of publication ol the American Sunday School
 I nioii, dropped the objectionable boos from
 their cat iioouc,*’and instructed one of their
 Vice i’resid ,it&gt; residing in Charleston, to re
 cciv;- from ihe Dc p»*sitorv in that city, any
 copi.-vi remaining unsold, and to return ihe
 same. Of these facts, we are offo tally inform
 ed by the Board of Managers of the South
 Carolina Sunday School Union, who took up
 the matter and brought it before the Parent;
 Society. The following, is an extract from
 the preamble, and the resolution adopted on
 the occasion
 Thus the Parent Society has given the
 most substantial evidence of its disjwsition to j
 circulate and publish no w ork that is excep-I
 tionable in its character and spirit to the A me- 1
 rican public. [American means slareholding.]
 Therefore, —Resolved, that the confidence of
 this Board in the American Sunday School
 Union is undiminished and the recent action
 of their Committee of publication, is sufficient
 pledge, that nothing w ill at any time hcreaf- 1
 ter, be issued from the press under their con
 trol calculated to awaken sectarian feeling or
 sectional jealousy.” [ln plain English, cal
 culated to disturb the consciences of mni steal
 ers or bring into disrepute women te/iijyp*rs.]
 B. LANNEAU, President.
 Wm. B. llerkiot, Rec. Secretary.
 The obnoxious passage alluded to, is to be
 found in a book entitled Jacob and his Sons,
 or the Second Part of a Conversation between
 Mary and her Mother;” published about twen
 ty years ago, and is as follows
 “What is a slave, Mother? asked Mary,
 is it a servant?”
 Yes, replied her mother; slaves are ser
 vants, for they work for their masters, and
 wait on them; but they are not hired servants
 but are bought and sold, like beasts, and have
 nothing but what their masters choose to give
 them. They are obliged to work very hard
 and sometimes their masters use them cruelly,
 beat them, and starve them, and kill them
 for they have nobody to help them. Some
 times they are chained together, and driven
 about like beasts.”
 The book containing this passage, The
 Committee of Publication of the Sunday
 School Union, make haste to expunge and
 expel the moment their attention is called to
 the subject.
 Thirdly. We shall ascertain by diligent
 inquiry, that slaveholders m form and fact are
 actualh and literally in Testing Northern Suu
 day School.-- with their pestiferous breath and
 pestilential presence.
 I am credibly inform d, that the Supenn
 tendaut of the Sunday School m Troy, con
 nected with the Unitarian Church, is not only
 an actual slaveholder, but that he openly and
 iKildiy, impiously and blasphemously, defends
 .slavery as a Cod ordained institution, ami
 that if Christ \v&lt; re m on earth and a resi
 dent at the South, he would undoubtedly be
 a slaveholder." I a-.n also credibly informed,
 that these facts have ceuic to ih-&gt; knowledge
 of the minister am! members of that ehureh,
 and the patron* of the seb.ioi, and that only
 one member (a.id she aj n Widow) had &gt;uf
 ficiout uuhzotion to remove her child irom
 the school. The evidences of fitness fur the
 station. winch tins young man gives, consists
 I ioa in ui tact that fits mother pays
 tiUi. a year to support the church, and
 i.as made a present of some books
 to the Sgttday School.
 It is known to some of your readers, that
 tb« Rev. John Piejpont, is the Pastor of that
 church, and u» many of them, that he has been
 formerly considered friendly u&gt; emancipation.
 J girt publicity to these reports (which have
 become in some localities, a matter of public
 notoriety) so that if true, well merited infamy
 may rest upon that school and church, and if
 in any particular untrue or exaggerated, that
 the anti-slavery public may be set right. If
 Mr. Pierpont is not s subscriber to the North
 fttar, witt yen phrase to forward turn the num
 ber containing this letter, if you should see fit
 fo publish it.
 Jan. 2l», 1846. If. K. Y.
 Boston.—The population of this city is
 •ow 130,000.
COLD WATER for COLOR PHOBIA
 It wots liAcufoOT if H wot e not melan
 eboly,” to sm the absurdities into which met
 Me betrayed, whan they attow themselves ti
 he led away by a ptncnocebed idea or an us
 i rim ~g prejudice. Aa rare an ffluntnuoi
 of this remark, as eonU well he imagined
 i occurred «dy n few days since, at n loco foci
 I meeting «a Wyoming county. On this oecw
 non, Prejudice task the shape of a resolution
 and manifested itself as follows:
 i Resolved, That we mpeetfutty suggest
 to the colored gentlemen who are setting
 J themselves up as editors, lecturers, reformer*,
 and public tesebers, and arrogantly and impu
 dently presuming to instruct us, f J the pro
 priety of repairing to the land of tbeir fathers,
 (as there is now a door open, and a pressing
 call,) and there sympathize with their own
 kin. and labor to raise them from their present
 heathen and brutish degradation, to a level at
 least with southern slaves.” —Albany Journal.
 Is it possible to conceive of a more perfect
 and speaking illustration of the influence of
 the patriarchal institution,” upon the feel
 inga and heart of the Northern States, than
 J these few words present It is difficult to
 know whether to admire most the supercilious
 insolence, the despicable heart leanness, the
 canting hypocrisy, or the utter irrationality of
 this delectable production. In these respects
 it Iks few equals, and no superior, in the
 eutirp history of pro-slavery sentiment in this
 or in any other country. Do the colored
 gentlemen,’ who are netting themselves up as
 editors, lecturers,” Ac., exercise any undue
 influence over the free will and free action of
 these loco-foco gentlemen, that they are led
 to oflfer this resolution Do ihcv use anv
 force to make them attend their teachings or
 lectures, or to make them read their publica
 tions or on what other ground do these re
 doubtable reaolulionists claim to have any
 right to interfere with the free action of their
 fellow-citizens? Taking a very common-sense
 view of the subject, one might imagine that
 this matter, at least, might with all safety be
 left to the discernment of the public. If these
 colored gentlemen choose to lecture and
 write, and there arc any who wish to attend
 their lectures, or to read their publications, it
 is utterly impossible to conceive, (if there
 were no reasons other than the alleged.) w hy
 a loco-foco or any other meeting should take
 upon itself the gratuitous icsjvonsibiliiy of
 suggesting a different course. Jf it cci.lt! be
 shown that the color of the skin afreets the
 qualities of the heart, and as a necessary con
 sequence, the teachings of the lecturer and
 the writings of the editor, there would then
 lie a good and sufficient reason for getting rid
 of these “colored gentlemen by all fair
 means, if possible. And if it is show n that
 the color does affect the heart in the deeper,
 I it douu less must do so also in the lighter
 shades; and this will bring us to the unavoid
 able inici; nee that the man who has the fair
 est face, must also have the purest heart.
 How- very desirable is it, in some respects,
 that such wc. -e the case!—albeit, how- very
 convenient it would be We should then
 know er*'* 4 all professions pretenc.es, and
 protestai ons notwithstanding, what and what
 manner ol .udi they were with whom w e met,
 without going through the tedious and some
 what doubtful process of acquiring this knowl
 edge, on acquaintance. If the qualities of
 the heart in all cases corresponded with the
 shade of the skin, we should at once see
 through everything in the shape of hypocrisy
 and fraud; and possibly the faces of the
 gentlemen who framed this resolution, would
 be seen to be not of the whitest.
 There is another suggestion which might
 be offered, as an appendix to the above resolu
 tion, without which it appears exceedingly
 partial and incomplete, and of which the
 Board of Education and all whose duty it is
 to see that schools are supplied with properly
 qualified teachers, must at once see the pro
 priety. It is this—that the precise shade of
 complexion which qualifies a man (the oracle
 has not yet spoken on the subject of women,)
 to be a teacher, ought to be very clearly stated,
 as a very slight mistake might be fatal to the
 morals of the rising race. Perhaps, also, as
 j these loco-foco gentlemen may have some
 conscientious opinion as to the precise height
 or genera) appearance of the teacher, or lec
 turer, or editor, it might be well to draw- up
 a short set of rules, comprising all necessary
 particulars. It might be stated, that they
 shall not be over or under a certain height;
 that they must not have red hair, or a crooked
 nose, or a long chin. Or, perhajis, it might
 be belter still that the whole matter should go
 at once into the hands of Congress, and that
 the united wisdom of the Senate should forth
 with set to w-ork and divide the entire coun
 try anew into states and counties, and have a
 law passed that each slate and county should
 be occupied by only one class of inhabitants.
 For instance, there might be Redhair i oun
 ty in Fair Slate; Crookednose County in
 Crooked State Sixfoot County in Tall State,
 Ac. Every man would then know exactly
 where to find bis proper location and we
 should not be annoyed with the continual tra
 velling to and fro by railroads, and that con
 stant unbelting of families, which ate now
 so prevalent, and by which intelligence and
 brotherly feeling amongst men, arc so rapidly
 diffused, to the great danger and detriment of
 all patriarchal institutions." j low Peaceful
 and happy people might then l, c Many of
 the causes of quarrel with which we are now
 troubled, would be removed. No one would
 t*e heard saying to his neighbor, How homely
 you are how crooked you are as all who
 lived together would be hmr.elv and crooked
 alike. The fashions, too, those perpetual
 iroublers of civilized life, would all be regu
 lated, as sensible lueu say they ought to be,
 by Nature. The thm would remain thin
 without padding; the pale w ould remain pale
 —without paint; and the beardless would be
 saved the trouble and expense of buying
 themselves false whtakers. The story of the
 fox that lost his tail would be re-enacted, but
 this tune with better success for every one
 would have the same blemish or beauty as his
 neighbor; and any one making his appearance
 in any particular State, who was not in the
 fcahton” of that State, would at once be de
 tected to be out of hia place, and would of
 J fc® "i* the derision and con
 tamely which his unwonted appearance de
 served. A very Utopia this would be for the
 k*»-&amp;co gentlemen who framed the resold
 tioa above quoted. WiD not the Legislature,
 during its preset twine, take this subject
 into its most serious consideration Ob ye
 loco-foco gentlemen of Wyoming county,
Petition! petition !I miTiw A mat
 ■•does, the well bring of the whole entry,
 i should not he delayed an hour. What a fine
 field it opens up for the display of sanatoria]
 eloquence
 It is to be hoped that these leeo-faeo gen
 tlemen, when they take up cay new book,
 1 hear any intelligence, do nut foil to inform
 themselves, before perumng the hook ot
 allowing their minds Is he enbgbtened by the
 iatrlligeoee, whether the writer of the owe ot
 the bearer of the other is of that precise shade
 of color by which it U in accordance with
 their creed that ibov should he instructed.
 Are they quite sure that they are not indebted
 to the Chaldeans, or perhaps to the Moon,
 for some of their knowledge of astronomy!
 And was not Galileo a degree darker than
 altogether meets the views of the eolorocracy
 Perhaps they may also have some twinges of
 conscience, if they are consistent, as it is im
 possible to entertain the slightest doubt that
 men having their very exalted and correct
 views must he, about rooming as a troth
 Sir Isaac Newton’s discovery of the law of
 gravitation, as the noer of the discoverer wan
 possibly a degree too crooked and of course
 electricity and the lightning-rod are all fudge
 and nonsense to them, till they have learned
 that Benjamin Franklin was of the precise
 j height required by their code of prerequisites.
 What a straight, and orderly, and heautifully
 rectangular w orld it would be, were all these
 tilings arranged after this most desirable plan 1
 But these loco-foco gentlemen are withal
 exceedingly philanthropic and benevolent.
 They are anxious that colored gentlemen
 should sympathize with their own kin, and
 labor to raise, them, from their present heathen
 and brutish degradation, to a level at least
 with southern slaves.” What philanthropy?
 w hat heavenly charity! what godlike bene
 volence what a beautiful expression of true
 Christian sentiment is in these words! How
 must the heart of the writer have warmed
 into a fervent glow' of brotherly affection for
 the entire human family, as he penned
 them! Bah! Well may we pray, with the
 devout Episcopalian, in ihe form of his litany,
 From all etu.t and hypocrisy Good Lord,
 deliver us!” It maybe that travellers and
 historians do not give a very correct or ex
 j plicit account of the countries about w hich
 i they write but some of us have yet to learn,
 »\hat portion of the human family—the kin of
 i these “colored gentlemen,"—it is, that is
 more degraded than, and can he raised to a
 I level with southern slaves.” Unless it be
 i their brutal enslavers—those who inflict this
 degradation upon them—or tlie northern bar
 barian abettors of the slavemaker, it is diffi
 cult to imagine to whom this resolution points.
 Are there not those not a hundred miles from
 Wyoming County, who, if they may be
 judged of by their actions and sentiments,
 may be raised to a considerably higher level
 than that which they now occupy in the scale
 of humanity, without making tham too an
 j gelic for residence in this lower world If
 there are any such, they will, doubtless, be
 anxious to acquire knowledge, let it come
 from what source it may. They will not ask
 whether a black man or a white man—a tall
 man or a short man, is to be their teacher.
 However unenlightened they may be in other
 respects, they will not choose to confess that
 they arc ignorant of the very simple fact, that
 thoughts are neither black nor white, nor tall
 nor short; but that there arc only two kinds:
 of thoughts—the true Uic false.
 Come, now, gentlemen, ioco-focos of Wy
 oming County, confess that you were fooling.
 You do not suppose that people are so very
 green as to believe that you could seri
 ously propose such a resolution. A raving
 maniac, in the fury of his full-moon hallu
 cinations, would not be guilty of such an
 absurdity. Say that it was all a jest. The
 wisest of men will perpetrate a joke some
 j times, and laugh at it too most heartily. Say
 j that you arc even now convulsed with laugh
 ter at this most brilliant witticism; that you
 have not ceased to laugh over it, since the day
 on which it was perpetrated.—Say this, and
 many, at other times most sober men, will
 join in your nurth. Well, it is a good joke,
 ha, ha, ha!—a most excellent joke—ha, ha,
 ha, ha!—j. d.
GLEANINGS BY THE WAYSIDE.
 The Colored Sailors’ Home, kept by Wnf.
 P. Powell, in Cherry street. This establish
 ment is an Oasis in the desert, when compared
 with the many houses where seamen usually
 congregate. Here the Banner of Reform
 floats conspicuous. Of course, one prominent
 feature is Temperance. An excellent Libra
 ry and other reading-room facilities, are at
 the disposal of its inmates and at meal
 time, and every occasion of interview, con
 versations are introduced on the various ques
 tions incidental to the elevation of man. It
 will be readily seen that this modus operandi
 exerts a most beneficial influence upon that
 i important, though too oft neglected class.
 The best seamen are hire always to be
 found, and the mutual interests of themselves
 and employers are thus promoted.
 I visited liui Apothecary’s Hall of Dr.
 James McCune Smith, in West Broadway,
 is also the establishment of Mr. Philip J.
 White, in Frankfurt street, both of whom are
 practical men, and conduct their business, pre
 paring medicines, etc., etc., wi*h as much
 'readiness and skili as any oth r disciple of
 Galen and Hippocrates: also Dr. Jinnings,
 the Dentist. All are proving their capacity,
 as I believe, to their pecuniary benefit, and aj
 the same time thus elevating the character ofj
 those with w hom they are identified by com
 plexion. I had the satisfaction of being in
 troduced to a colored carpenter—not a
 fractional one, but a master workman and con
 tra cl or for buildings.
 It is a fault with many colored men, that
 (hey do not aim at perfection in knowledge
 of business—when indeed they should all as
 pire to the pinnacle of merit—w hether Sdn-l
 Teachers, Physicians, Laborer*, Musicians, or
 Mechanics. As a friend once remarked to a
 musical aspirant, You should strive to be
 something more than a superficial scraper of
 hoi sc-hair.” What ts worth the doing at all,
 deserves being well done.
 Policy and Principle alike demand Ibis at
 the hands of colored An« nouns.
 Elias South, in a letter, rr published in the
 Standard froee the liberator, dnerribrs the as
 tonishment of a North Carohniaa, wbeas ves
 sel arrived in that Side fines Westport, in
 IfaaoociHMctts, navigated by n onioned captain
and crew The Southerner co*M not bent
 ten gm a spernaea «f thrir skill ia the was
 of them. Thm M btet he evetsimed, N am
 I w 9 w—eipete my afatveai for 1 believe they
 am mea.”
 By invnation of Dr. Smith, I vimted the
 Public School in Duane St.; Teacher, Mr,
 Charles L Reason (amaaled by two Ladies.)
 The School appeared in a mote flourishing
 the achofare with cheerful, inteUft
 depattments of learning. I noticed among
 the &gt;bpo, for copies, the name of William
 lioyd Gamma, a name and how noble enough
 for the admiration of true hearts the wide
 world o’er.”
 Secured good cabin accommodation on board
 the Floating Palace Isaac Newton, except for
 eating. This important preliminary was dis
 mmrd in company with a large colored dele
 gation in the region of the cook's quartern.—
 This Prejudice against color, ia somewhat ca
 pricious, for on some boats, occasionally a man
 ia treated m a man. On lire Steamer Wor
 cester I should have had hard fare if a colored
 chambermaid had not kindly interceded. In
 many instances, the colored waiters are par
 ties to this proscription.
 At Albany, visited the Medical College and
 State Geological Rooms. The Halls of the
 former are indeed fit places for the contem
 plation of those curious to observe the wisdom
 and greatness of the Creator, as displayed iu
 the mechanism of the human frame.
 The Legislature being in seswos, I wended
 my way to the Capitol, and while there, oc
 cupying a seat usually allowed visitors, I was
 colonized by some official upstart, who at
 tempted to apologize, as if the task to him
 was an unpleasant one. I learned subse
 quently that he acted without authority in
 the matter.” But little important business
 was transacted —no other Bill than myself
 having passed the House
 Among the enterprising Albanians, may be
 mentioned William H. Topp, a colored Mer
 chant Tailor, a finished workman, and perfect
 gentlemen, winning [golden opinions from all
 who, through business or otherwise, become
 acquainted with Inin. Ilia store in Broadway
 will not suffer by comparison with those of
 equal resources in any city Boston not ex
 cepted. He has long been interested in the
 ways and means” of elevating his oppressed
 brethren, and in their heart’s best affections
 evidently stands Topp of the fraternity.
 Did space permit, I might essay some de
 scription of the various objects of interest in
 New York city, and, as in duty bound, would
 have a word to say of the Battery and Castle
 Garden. These rivalled each other so long
 in their beauty, that to end all strife, a com
 promise was effected, and to show the world
 their determination of living in good fellow-j
 ship with each other, they exchanged names, j
 and what was 60 years ago the Battery, is
 Castle Garden, and Castle Garden the Bat
 ery. Thus we change as we go.
 The Croton Fountain, having elicited admi
 ration from every beholder, an t proved the
 fruitful theme fer the giiwi genius of Lydia
 Maria Child, leaves no niche for me to occu
 py, further than an expression of hope that
 Boston Water W orks will soon gladden the j
 hearts of her citizens, and equal, if not sur
 pass, even the magnificent Croton.
 The beauties, also, of the North River
 scenery, and on the road from Albany to
 Troy; the view of the Grand Erie Canal,
 which has immortalized the name of Dc Witt
 Clinton; the beautiful cities of Schenectady,
 Utica, Syracuse*, Auburn, and last, though
 not least, Rochester, in itself combining the
 variety of town and country,” always so
 pleasing to one who has recently left a city
 where brick and mortar monopolize alinos 1
 the entire space; all. these deserve special
 mention, but to do this in detail, requires the
 turning over a new leaf.—w. c. n.
ANTI-SABBATI^CONVENTION.
 To the Fticnds of Ciril and Rttigiovs Lib
 erty
 The right of every man to worship God
 according to the dictates of his own con
 science is inherent, inalienable, self-evident.—
 Yet it is notorious, that in all States, except
 ing Louisiana, there arc laws enforcing the
 religious observance of the firsi day of the 1
 week as the Sabbath, and punishing as crimi
 nals such %s attempt to pursue their usual av
 ocations on that day,—avocations which even
 Sabbatarians recognize as innocent and lauda
 ble on all other days. It is true, some excep
 tions are made to the rigorous operation of
 these laws, in favor of the Seventh Day Bap
 tists, Jews, and others who keep the seventh
 day of the week as the Sabbath; but this
 freedom is granted in condescension to the
 scruples of particular sects, as a privilege, and
 not recognized as a natural right. Jor those,
 and the number is large and steadily increas
 ing, who believe that the Sabbath was exclu
 sively a Jewish institution, a shadow ol
 good things to come,” w hich vanished eigh
 teen hundred years ago, before the light of the
 Christiau dispensation, and therefore that it
 constitutes no part of Christianity,— there is
 no exenn non from the penalty oj the law but
 should they venture to labor even for bread
 oil that duv, or be guilty of what is called
 Sabbath ti escalation,’ they are liable either
 to fine or imprisonment! ases ot this kind
 have occurred in Massachusetts, Vermont,
 Pennsylvania and Ohm, within a comparative
 ly short period, where conscientious and up
 right persons have been thrust into prison, for
 an act no more heinous than that
 of gathering in a crop of hay, or selling mor
 al or philanthropic publication*, 'i here is,
 therefore, no liberty of conscience allowed to
 the people of this country, utubr the laws
 thereof in regard to the observance of a
 Sabbath day.
 In addition to these startling facts, within
 the last five veare, Tehgious combination
 lias been forced »hw itself
 “The American and Foreign Sabbath l nion,”
 whose specific object to unpuse the Sab
 batical yoke yet more heavily on the neck* of
 the American people. _ In a recent appeal
 made for pecuniary umstatxe by the Execu
 tive Committee of the that
 the Secretary (Rev. Dr. Edwards) has vis
 ited twenty of the United States, and travelled
 more thirty thousand miles, addressing
 public bodies of all description*, a.id preaem
 nur reasons why, as a nation, we should keep
 the Sabbath —all seculai bu&amp;iucae, travelling
 and amusement be confined to six da vs in a
 week—and all people assembling on the Sab
 bath, and woramp A “permanent
 ‘‘ilhbalh Document has bean prepared by
 tbs Secretary; sod whalbasidread, been
 ju— will pot a copy Of this document into
 more thr** three honored thousand families.”
 Stitt greater dfisrte he made by the
 DnkA” for the furtherance of os abject,
 That this nimthinr is aaiman df by the
 the
 Q—y«« to onprisonraeat sad death, in the
 fiSta SIIStTS bmat-rd uSimrimS by
A® mam sfiritwltKfe ImminHt^niM
 ■ntfrf part kw* again* Sabbatfe-faeakiiMr,
 («H that Ae fwa jt tim og* »J| dkm,)
 and like dapoatutm of the cotuUaalkm mawt
 ifady a, if they ran mevemm thm fmr,
 obtain the pnreupe of yet Mt Mringtxt ben
 again* Aom *k« diaot 4&lt; aiw aw 4a;
 aiove aaether. 1 bat esteem “rttry day”—
 who ere Mt trilling that may man *hail judge
 them m respect to a holy day, or the new
 moon, or the Solicth" —old wLe mean to
 stand last in the liberty wheronrth Christ
 hath made them free, and not to be calattgfcd
 again with the yoke of bondage.” ha i»ifw
 1 porters do a* rely aolely apon reaaoa, axgu
 meat, persoaawm, bat alao brute force—upon
 t penal law and thus, is atsvkmg to crush
 by violence the rights of corjetence, and reli
 gious liberty and equality, tl.eir real spirit is
 1 revealed as at war with the genic* cf Repub
 liranisni and the spirit of Chriatiantiy.
 Believing that the efforts of this Sabbath
 Union ought to be baffled by at least a corres
 ponding energy on the port of the friends of
 civil and religious liberty
 That the Sabbath, according to the Jewish
 Scriptures, was given “tothe ehildnn of Is
 rael and to no other people, —as a Sign''
 t between them and God, and terminated, with
 all the other Mosaic rituals belonging to the
 tnihistmfion of decth, written and tngrann
 j on stones on the introduction of “/Ac mmts
 j tration of the i*pirit” and the substitution of
 a better covenant, which was established upon
 better promises
 That Christianity knows nothing of a holy
 day, but only of a holy life,— the j&lt;ossessioo
 of a spirit which works no ill to any one, and
 is “the fulfilling of the law;”
 That the worship of God docs not pertain
 to any particular day—is not a special, isolated
 performance and cannot come by obser
 vation”—but is purely spiritual m its nature,
 and comprehended iu a cheerful obedience to
 the will of the Father, so lar as it is made
 known
 That the distinction made between nered
 and secular acts, by the advocates of Sabbath
 keeping,—the sacred being the strict perform
 ance t f religious observances, and the secular
 such as undoing heavy burdens, letting the
 oppressed go free, reclaiming the drunkard,
 i laboring in the field or the workshop, public
 travelling, transporting the United States
 mail, —is a distinction not liased upon reason
 or Christianity, but calculated to lower the tone
 of individual and public morality, and to de
 press the immutable standard of moral obliga
 tiops
 That the Sabbath, as now recognis'd and
 enforced, is one of the main pillars of Priest
 craft and Superstition, and the stronguold of a
 merely ceremonial Religion
 That, in the hands of a Sabbat rang clergy,
 it is a mighty obstacle in the way of all the
 reforms of the age—such as Anti-Slavery,
 Peace, Temperance, Purity, Human Brother
 hood, &amp;c., Sic. —and rendered adamantine in
 its aspect towards bleeding Humanity, whose
 cause must not be pleaded, but whose cries
 must be stifled, on its “sacred occurrence
 and believing, especially,
 That all penal laws respecting the religious
 observance of any day as the Sabbath are
 despotic and anti-christian, and ought to be im
 mediately abrogated
 That the interference of the State, in mat"
 ters of religious faith and outward observan
 ces, is not only unwarrantable,but a usurpation
 not to be tolerated
 That they who are for subjecting to
 pains and penalties, all who do not construe
 the Scriptures in their light, in regard to a
 religious observance, arc actuated by a mis
 taken or malevolent spirit, which is utterly at
 variancy wilh the spirit of Christ, which in
 various ages has resorted to the dungeon, the
 rack, the gallows, and the stake, for the ac
 complishment of its purpose, and which ought
 to be boldly confronted and rebuked
 We, the undersigned, therefore, invite all
 who agree with us essentially is these views
 of the Sabbath question, to meet IN CON
 VENTION, in the city of Boston, on Thurs
 day and Friday, the 23d and 34th of March
 next, to confer together, and to decide upon
 such measures for the dissemination of light
 and knowledge, on this subject as may be
 deemed expedient.
 In publishing this call for au Anti-Sabbath
 Convention,we desire to be clearly understood.
 We have no objection either to the first or the
 seventh day of the week as a day if rest from
 bodily toil, both for man and beast. On the
 contrary, siuh rest is not only desirable, but
 indisprnsible. Neither man nor beast can
 long endure unmitigated labor. But we do
 not believe that it is in harmony with the will
 of God, or the physical nature of man, that
 mankind should be doomed to hard and wast
 ing toil six days out of seven, to obtain a bare
 subsistance. Reduced to such a pitiable con
 dition. the rest of one day in the week is in
 deed grateful, and must be regarded as a
 blessing 5 but it is wholly inadequate to repair
 the physical injury or the moral degradation
 consequent on such protracted labor. It is
 notin accordance with the law of life, that our
 race should be thus worked, and only thus par
 tially relieved from suffering and a premature
 death. They need more, and must have more,
 instead of less rest and it is only for them to
 be enlightened and reclaimed —to put away
 those things which now cause them to grind
 in the prison-liouse of Toil, namely, idolatry,
 priestcraft, sectarianism, slavery, war, intem
 perance, licentiousness, monopoly, and the
 like—in short, to live in peace, obey the eter
 nal law' of being, strive for each other s wel
 fare, and glorifiv God in their bodies ami
 spirits w hich are His”—ami they will secure
 the rest, not only of one day in seven, but of
 a verv large portion of their earthly existence.
 To them shall be granted the mastery over ev
 ery day and every hour of time, as against
 want and affliction; for the earth shall be filled
 with abundance for all.
 Nor do we deny the right of any number of
 persons to oliserve a particular day of the
 week as holy time, by such religious rites
 and ceremonies as they may deem acceptable
 to God. To their ow n master they stand or
 fall. In regard to all such matters, it is for
 everv one to be fully persuaded in his ow n
 mind, and to obey the promptings of his own
 conscience conceding to others the hberty he
 claims for himself.
 The sole and distinct ireue that we make is
 this :—We maintain that the seventh-day .Sab
 bath was exclusively Jewish iu its origin and
 design that no holiness, in any sense, at
 taches to the first day of the w eek, more than
 to any other; and that the attempt to compel
 the observance of any day *s theSahlath,”
 especially by penal enactments, w unauthor
 ized by scripture or reason, and a shameful
 art of imposture and tyranny We claim for
 ourselves, and for all mankind, the right to
 worship God according to the dictates of our
 own conscience. This right, inherent and
 inalienable, is cloven down in the United
 States; and we call upon all who desire
 to preserve civil and religious liberty to rally
 for its rescue.
 By that infallible test of consciocs rectitude
 which Jesus gave to his disciples What
 soever a would that inen should do to you,
 do ve even so to them,”— let those whp ,Sah
 batize on the first day of the week Vroeas
 vatd. At present, they constitute the maori
 tv, we the minority, in this country;—hence,
 the legislative power is in their hands, which
 tbev do aot scruple to uae for the purpose of
 tTt 4 coercing our consciences. Now
 let the esse be reversed. Suppose this pow
 er were ia the band of those who do not Sab
 hatiae, and they should proceed to enact pe
 nal laws, forbidding the observance of any
 day as tbs Sabbath—would aot the Sukhaia
 riaas cry oat against 'such laws as vexatious
 and tvraaaical, destructive of the nghto
 of enwsrif nrr. sad a disgrace to the statute
 hook?
 We are aware that we shall inevitably he
 aeoned by the chief prison senheaaed Phar
 iseea of the ureaenituae, aa waa Jeans by the
 wav daas ia hie age, a mt of God,” be
 cause we “de not keep the Sabbath day
 bat ore are persuaded, that to expose the pop
 ular delusion which prevails on this subject,
 ia to adranez the tons* &lt;f a furs Christianity,
a.*. __w~ m -J tMssiso aomm dho
 &lt;9 JPPHMPr wfWt iW WOWwRtJf wmm v
 mmkat* street moral mmd nhgtmn accmmto
 behty mall the eamerrms of life, on oil dtps of
 the meeh mitLr. If we are “jofidels” er **bcr
 tiee” for this belief, we ar? content to stand
 this point, with
 Utbrr. Calvin. Mcbnrthoo, Roger
 Joha mum, Ptuu, Fox, Priestly,
 Behham. I afey,Whitby, Arehtohop Wtate
 of others, who are even where
 bT tbe wuh wWh thev
 are^ identified, ss among the heigh*** orna
 ments rf the C hnrtiaw CJujtrh, Ztd who are
 essentially agreed with ss ia the omnmi thm
 the Sabbath was a Jewish iastitotioa.
 WM. I*. GARRISON, Boston, Mass.
 FRANCIS JACKSON,
 THEODORE PARKER,
 EDMUND JAC KSON,
 CHARLES F. liOVEY,
 JOHN W. BROWNE.
 MARIA W. CHAPMAN,
 HAS. k\ WHIPPLE
 SAMUEL MAY, J*.
 R F. WALLCUT,
 Samuel philhrick, Brookline.
 INCREASE S. SMITH, Durrester.
 EDMI'ND QUINCY, Dutlham.
 LORING MOODY, Lynn.
 ANDREW ROBESON, New Ilerffonl.
 •STEPHEN S. FOSTER, Worcester.
 ABBY KBULLY FOSTER,
 EVERETT, Princeton,
 GEORGE W. BENSON, Northampton.
 PARKER PILLSBURY, Concord, N. H.
 LUTHER MELEIDY, Amherst,
 JAMES MOTT, Philadelphia, Pa.
 LUCRETIA MOTT,
 EDWARD M. DAVIS,
 CHAS. C. BURLEGII,
 HENRY C. WRIGHT,
 J. MILLER M&lt; KIN,
 THOMAS M&lt; CLINTOCK. Waterloo, N Y.
 JOS. C. HATH AW AY, Farmington, do.
 JAMES EDDY, New York.
DIED
11l Boston, Jail. 29, Maria \Vrst.»n Chapman,
 •daughter of Mr. Ke uy L. \V. Thacker, aged 7
 years.
f OiniERCIAL.
Rochestkr, Feb. 9. ISIS.
 The AcaJia from Liverpool, bring-* inuHigi-nce to
 13th Jaauarvv Tlicre has been some decline in
 brea'!stuiTs Corn, especially, is del!.
 There is nothing doing in this uiaikef, except in
 small lots tor retail; consequently tliere is but a
 slight change to notice.
 Pol k has sold for several days at $5 25 to 5 3?£.
 Beef £4 to 4 50.
 Batter sells at 16 to 17 cents per ft.
 Produce of all kinds has been scarce miring the
 week.
Rochester W holesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty peat val
 Flour, y hhl 500 ft 5 50
 Corn meal, bush 56
 PROVISION'S—Duty; Beef,Po«k,Hums, Bacon,
 j Butter an 1 Lard, 20 Cheese :&gt;0 cad val
 Pork, (mess) .12 50 «t 14 50
 i Do. in hog 525 rev 537
 Beef, ewt. 400 &lt;a&gt; 450
 Do. Ltl. (iness) 7 00 tff 800
 Lard (tried) ft 8 (ft 8£
 Do. (leaf,) 8£ 10
 Ilams, (smoked) 7 &lt;ft) 8
 Shotd let s, do. 6 (f£ 7
 Turkeys 6| &lt;9 7
 Chickens 7
 Potatoes, bush. 50
 GRAI N—Duty 20 (f c ad val
 Wheat, bush 1 25
 Corn 44 50
 live 00
 Outs 33 40
 Barley 59
 lIIDES^—Duty; 5 tf c ad val
 Slaughter 3£
 Calf ..8
 Sheep Pehs 75 Si) 1 00
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed I9y c; Mustard 20 tf
 e ad val
 Clover 4 30 v iff) 500
 Timothy 125(W 2 00
 Flax 1 23
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 y c ad val
 White fish LLI 7 50
 Cofffish nvt 4 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Sidt, (f hbl 1 SI
 Apples, (f bush 25
 Do. dried 56 A 63
 Eggs, doz 13
 Beaus, bush 97 tft 100
 Hay, V ion .10 00 (ft 12 50
 Hard wood 300 4 00
 Soft wood 2 75
 BRIGHTON CATTLE MARKET.—Jan. 20.
 At market, 200 Beef Cattle, and 500 Swine.
 Beef Cattle—Extra quality, £6 75; first quality,
 j*6'ff’6©S*32 5; second do. £5 25 £650; third
 do. $4 75 &lt;fi *5.
 Suine.—At wholesale, 4£i®3£ ets.
 _ New York, Feb. 9.
 Flour is without change, Sales to t 1 e trade about
 2fK)O this at £5 87£ —nmrth at 6 anil under. No
 shipping demand alsive S 3 aO.
 Corn is steady, hnt less active tlian ye*ter&lt;!ay
 new Jersey is il©C2£; for old yellow tiat 67£ was
 offered. \Vhcat is w anted for nulling, but no sales.
 Other Grains as Ijefore, an.l dull.
 Aslte-s firm, but quiet. Sales Pearls at £8 25.
 In Pork, dcmatiil ia limited, ami prices us Is-lorc
 —Beef firm.
 Fi&gt;r the idsive we are principally iixiebtcJ to the
 Daily American.
POST AND WILLIS, Dealers in Drugs, Me li
 cinea, CbemicaL-, Dye Stuffs, I’aiirt#, Varnish,
 Oils, Glacsware, Bresla s, Perfumery, Daguerre* Hype
 Stock, Frene.h an*i German (liemieal#, AitirU*
 Colors, Brushes and Canvass, Etherial Oil, Got*!
 l.eaf 3i*l Foil, &amp;r*
 Being Agents for most c*f tire celelmrted Family
 an*l vaJuablc Patent *liviiciins, an*| receiving the
 same directly from the MaiHiliicturer# or their Agents,
 tirev a;e enabled to apply all taderu at whole sate
 ami retail, on the most lav maids terms.
 Himre jatbir B***ks, Mc*lieine«, a»*d Family
 Case#, with full direi tiuns. Only agent# fur West
 ern New V*rtk.
 A!»o, Hlu-rw*##!’# Viliratory klagm tie Machines,
 with directions.
 Phr/sgene (»as; also Ethei lal Oil ami l*amp», for
 Uirumg the *au« 'iltose wlui wouki cunsurt eco
 nomy an*! convenience are invited to examine the*e
 lauiif... The attention of Country MnWclants, Phy
 sician-, Familit'S, and others, wi-bing in the
 above bur, is requested at the APOTHECARIES
 HALL, 4, Excltange Street.
UNIVERSE COOKING STOVK-S.
 r UHE riufwcrils rs are tanuofarluring this invahadile
 A CmAing Stole, designed for Cnal *ir Wood,
 warranted to excel any other stove ever invented,
 am! constructed #lrM tly u; &lt;mi phihsw phicai principle#.
 The 'htu I Mated by hut air, (die mih led air &lt;»ven
 ever pntenteil,) an 1 warranted to Istite a# well a#
 any hrb-k oven. For sale only bv the undersigned,
 K-ksok and retail, 34, Exchange riueet.
 H. BUSH k CO.
OWES MORRIS’ CITY BINDERY.
 tiw* tm» at iicx—tut rißHxk fc xuxxnt.
 MR- MORRIS was in the of Mr. Marrw
 Miirw f&gt;* «ff«n y«n», and itmi.i- (In! »iw
 prorated 6w tun three' Silver NHal*. Sir the I*-*
 *p*ei«* &lt;f Cook Bintiif, rxk.Lued &lt;tf the Me
 chaain*’ Fain heM in this city and Buffet'.
 fiendetunTa I-d .ranee fitted op ami repaired;
 Mwr Paper ruled; Ikwr and rmnijral* tanad
 and hmdnd In any paltrrn. Blank Aenwl Book*
 executed at this e*tabli*bmeat have (it« anttft*U**i
 uauhrlMm, 115 their &lt;fcwal«bfy and eWaoee. Strict
 attention is ah* ay* paid t» the quality nper ami,
 In w ader than canal In the Lest m die L*u»*ed State*
 or those imported.
 I*W Scrap and Gtwd Books, Ihm and
 Pnrt£4iue, m *8 (hear rars-ties, wanafirfrtd In
 order in the best style,
 1 n l ~f ti 1 j parfii-f
 fimarhxs; volant* i» the dwrt direr tinns, »uii«t
 price aad sfylr, any rely opoa (heir hrinf well tmand
 oa dw sum* farorthh l tenan also tank*/ aad
 partaJh iwtaraed#
 N.B- the proprietor tan spared m rspranr in
 Sttin* up the esfahlishawitt. aad autradariatf into
 Western Rear York the blest inpwretsaraSs n
 fWjtfjrk. Kflhf|«W
 OWEN MORRIS.
 City BH kry, under the IV
IWTW IPfEITmSIVEXTRe
CLARKSON,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH PORTRAIT.
 A FEW rwpirs CLARK SOX HISTORY
 03’ TIIE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prristoty iroarki me tbr subsequmt
 •Is*buon of Slavery; it beantifal Um&amp;m mi**.
 with a fine Portrait of the Aatfur. door on meet. a
 b«Jt akfck wwkt mns he imported tor le« Ana three
 doiktr*. cast te bad at 21, Camfeilf. if aroW Vn
 iewfiatelj. at C* very km price of Oa rVu
 cash. E! m LOokM ON
 .UiUlDtll Ae ledeted p.ieetA
 twelve and a half cent*.
IJORF.RT MORRIS. J*.. Allen** aw! Cnum-
 AV Kiks u aWf Rrawr's Baddiaf, Stale Street.
TOSl.ril 11. TCRPIN winlil mtiU- the rttrstkM
 o. ."I 11 ■*d the twMir to hw DAGUF.R
 RIAX IiAUJ.RY, ,Y.. l&gt;, Hmmmet Street, where
 lie |.«e&lt;lgi* hwi&lt;~c&lt;f t«, ex.cvse Muirium with a liV
 like hmuu, ami uu as moce.au Uruw a* aat other*
 i the pn h «si. c.
AFACON B. ALLEN. An v»v ami CotuwelLr
 A at lav, Marsaehureti* Bkek.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 CAM! EL l4. Bu,;tle Sireet. having
 y ,w ‘»t aiklitmo* t„ hi* stick, is ireiaied u»
 fiiraish BOVS' limilXU, &lt;1 as g,sd maleviai
 awl ft, and at as cheap prices, a* can be obtained ui
 die city.
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. £6, Imos Stbstt, Bostox.
 JOHN W Uitili I ke*-ps ru:atml!v on hand a
 great variety of New ml Second Hand Clnthuig.
 Gooiis of all kin.!.*, such as old cloth* W. I. good*,
 Vt atebes, I foots arni Shoes, &amp;c., excb:»etj*-&lt;! f..r iww
 clothing. Cash advanced on all kiwis vf
 from one to one l.imdied dollars.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair failing Saksm,
 and Pcrfiaucry Emptn uim, 114, Biaikstuue-st.
TUII.LIAM RICH, Hair Dressing awl Bathing
 TV Sidoon, Troy House, Troy, New Yoik.
NEW YORK ADVERTISE!!EMS.
PH lI.IP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gokl Sti*htt.
YI' r II.I.IAM S. POWELL, Saikn’s Home, Cl,
 T V Clierrv Street.
»R. J. M CI NE SMITH, 93, West BrcaJ
 WU\
r U JENNINGS, Suigeou-lhnitist, 1-3, North
 1 Brrnulw a\.
AU.M. 11. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 516 Br*.a&lt;l-
 TT way. Aliio an extensive asseitment ol Cravats,
 Si*m ks, Ib-*ir\, Gl.-vcr, &amp;c.
 Allatnv. Feb. 11, 1848.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CITE.
 TMIE undersigned, grateftilly appreciating tin* credit
 A generous!* awarded l*y a discerning p*:blic to Ins
 success as a Hydropathic Practitioner, would r*
 pectfullv inform the frieml* of Hydropathy, that hi#
 establishment is pleasantly situated near Benson* ilk*,
 on the west bank of the Licking Water, or
 River, nlwiut two and a half miles from the centre
 of the town. It is thirty-six by seventy feet; three
 stories high, w ith a piazza on the south si !c. There
 are separate pallors, Lathing ami dressing ro* in-, fiv
 ladies an*l gentlemen. 'l'licie are also twenty lodging
 rooms, each of which is well ventilate I and con
 veniently furnished for the arri nma**lation of tn*»
 js-iw.-ns. Among the variety of baths in the esta
 blishment arc, the plunge, douche, drenciiee, »n«l
 spray baths. The ladies’ plunge is six by ten feet,
 three and a half deep; tin.- gentlemen’s, eight ly
 twelve, three anti a half deep. Tliere arc also two
 rol l douches, one of which is situated a mile,and the
 other half a mile from the establishment. Tlic former
 has a fall of twenty-two feet, the hitter eighteen.
 Tlie scenery in this vicinity is picturesque and
 romantic. There are a variety of pleasant walks
 passing nec.r and to springs of pure water. The
 walks are sufficiently retired to all* *v water-cure
 patients to appear as tlmy sh* aid, p ainly dressed,
 enjoying their ramb!* s, witlmut ben g \p&lt; snl tw
 public gaze or observati«»n. Since daily \pern-iirc,
 for tile last tlirce years, lias strengthenctl his opinion,
 that the condition of tin? skin clearly indicates the
 character of many diseases, ami tlw ability or inutility
 of an invalid to lieur the water treatment iu its
 various forms ttlso the necessity of applying the
 dry rvnollen blaiiket, or tiie wet sla et, to promote
 evaporati or a sweat, when either may be n*f* s
 sar\ a i I from results w hit h have attemied Ill’s :q pii
 .intion &lt;if the treatinenl, he hesitates not to ray, that
 the rltitrir symptom of the skin indicates vitality or
 p un, ami tJiat an invalid, whose skin is not attended
 with this symptom, cannot Ire safely or successfully
 treated with water. Among tiie complaints which
 are here successfully treated, are pulmonary affection,
 liver romphiiuts, yaundue, acute or chronic iiiduin
 ination of the Ix.wcis, piles, dyspepsia, gciK'ial de
 bility, m-rvoes and spinal afti-ctions, inflaiiminfcrv
 *&gt;r clironic rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica, bine
 limbs, paralysis, fevers, suit ihtnin, scroiuivus and
 erysiixda.* humors.
 Ail patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, sliould furnish tlieirselves with
 three condiiitables, thiee woollen blankets, one linen
 anti three cotton sheets, two pillow cases, six crush
 towdr, some well worn linen, to cut f*»r fi-namtalions,
 an old cloak or mantle, aiul a syringe.*
 Terms for treatment ami board are b 5 50 per
 week, for those who occupy rtsjins on the tbiitf ll*«.t
 on tin* first and second floors, &gt;b 00 |&gt;er week,
 piayable weekly; washing extra. A patient, who,
 from choice or iu rcssity, oecupies a room alone, on
 tlw? third iliuir, will pay £8 00 p&lt; r week; on die
 first ami #*s-*m*l floras, 60 fx-r wisk. Invalids
 who are so techie us to nee«l extia attention and file
 in tlieir rooms, (t xeept for swulhing pair] will
 paroeeie tlieir own nurses Biel fuel, or pay uu extra
 j.rice.
 D. RL'GGLEri.
 Aorthrrtnpfrm, Aug. 1847.
 N.B. Tim afflicted, ik sir* us of la*ing examined in
 regard to tlieir coiriplainu, and of ascertaining ti e
 wtlaptedness of tin; water-cure in ll:*-ir particular
 case, should call on Tuesday# and Fiidays.
 This instrument may l*c oUained at tin; esta
 blishment.
 TIT I LLI AM B. I/Xs AN, Dealer In Fastw.n.il lw
 »V Boots and rilw.es, 80, I'urrliase rilieet. New
 Bcdlbrd.
 W. B. L. keep- constantly on ha ml a yixxi assort
 riw-ut, and will sell clamp for cash. Stin t attention
 paid to tt.-tom-made woik.by Mnui. Parkir an*l
 Davis.
 TT r ASIIiNGTON’ri Dagw-rriao Gallerv,
 V Main Street, KeH&lt;*gg’» Bail*!mgs, Lailfoii!,
 Connecticut.
 THE NATIONAL ERA Washington Citx,
 District of oliiHiliM. li. Itailey, Editor ;J. |&gt;*i
 G. initM-r, Goric-jx/ikiing Editor. L. I'. Noth
 I'tibhsher.
 'lVa* k*adi‘ig jvjrjjose of this yorfral is, the &lt;!is
 ewssiou of the q*.es".miii of Slavery, aiu! tl# ,i*.**s v
 of the main |an;eipWs of dm LiLrtfy I'ait*. Doss
 atientisMi is given t*j Hsiriai au*l Political iptriix.iis
 id g'vw-ral oopsataace aur are the mb &gt;«*U of a
 jaire Literature *,*ci looked.
 It aims to pr* serve a faifldiit ncord i.f imp* riant
 events; inventhata *W d'Mroverws at'cs lo lias
 of sMtieti; of pt hke doruau ot* of pei u..,-
 iw-nt value; ami, during the at—row# &lt;d Cotgi* t*»
 pressvit swell report# i 4 its ptoreesfings, wdl
 vey a Col reel »dc* not fad* of it* sett*.a, lot of it#
 spirit awl policy. 'The *!ti*ale# on theexertrug st.l
 pertt of rilavery a*vi tire Mexican War, i*p*ini Ur
 arise in tire next Congress, will oerwj y a large shale
 &lt;sf its eokntirts,
 Anangemeirfs have L-en nails fin rxi- rsii. z &lt;l
 eNriebiug it# abra ly valualde dtpuiaunl of koto*
 awl fineign r« nes| owdenee.
 It U pvmle*l on a nnurawstti sheet, of lie fine**
 cptatriy, in the last sfylr, at 12 a year, peyelU ,m
 tutvon. t.
 Tin-genevoc# spirit in which die Uee bent
 welromrii Isy the pbV pres#, awl the very hi* ;a*
 patronage it has reeeive i •'oning this, V r
 of it# exrsttncr, enrcncvge* o* to hof,« b*
 aree##ioos t&lt;&gt; otrr sol ss i Ipteas list.
 It is desrial le that softer i|#i*«*s 1
 wilirout dehrj. so that da J way U
 the arar&lt;«riun« i Wpor*
 AU eu—aaiicatt'stw »i»^re#*-l
 fOUuhrr *f the .VtffiW Ajw, Hub*|tw, [).C
 THE DELA WARE ABOUT lON IST.
 A PAPER of the aie'tv ion* will W twl .i-he&lt;»
 Wilsiirr- by the Ibhware Anti-rikverv
 fdirht*. I* riitel l»y a ('&lt;«#nutr, wad «iff
 hr ootiishe.l on «»SJwa» abaci. »t tnvaty.Mv#
 r«ms |&lt;e yea/. D Ismlj-isii wwteii. ft w i!!lr
 ti* rtMiri|nlr r in IVbware, aw! will ad
 voraae it# vrrnsnrihihnwal by all baM wrau. »t
 »il k* pnhUsAiwi artMHWsMhly. if mraae «if xf
 tsrcieJ, a&gt; often aa the meat* tan %w rr#r.*i.
 JAMES B BROOKE
 I'lAfohtnj; Ayrury
"
