"oet rg.
For the North Star.
 ABOLITION ONWARD!
 Brightly the future dawns,
 And soon the time will come
 When ’neath our star-gemmed b:t nner
 Slavery will find no home.
In vain from Carolina
 Does Calhoun sound the note;
 Vainly does Mississippi
 Against Freedom set her Foote
In the Bay State we’ve resolved,
 To the South no more we’ll bend;
 That freedom against slavery,
 In future we’ll defend.
From the Granite ty* Hale 8
 With a voice we nnstake,
 And news t' hase all fear awa v
 Comes f, m ,e Buckeye State.
&gt;pie Keystone soon we will reclaim,
 Though to her shame ’tis told,
 That in the last election,
 She was bought by Lawrence gold.
And all our sister States,
 That with freedom now are blessed,
 Will help to raise our brothers,
 Who with slavery are oppressed.
E’en now the tyrants tremble—
 Ah! soon they’ll feel a shock,
 As Slavery’s dismantled ship
 Shall strike on Freedom’s rock.
Marblehead, March, 1849.
MUNGO PARK.
The wind loud roared, the rain fell fast,
 The white man yielded to the blast;
 He sat him down beneath our tree,
 For weary, sad, and faint was he;
 And ah! no wife or mother’s care,
 For him the milk or corn prepare:
 The white man shall our pity share!
 Alas! no wife or mother’s care,
 For him the milk or corn prepare!
The storm is o’er, the tempest past,
 And Mercy’s voice has hushed the blast;
 The wind is heard in whispers low,
 The white man far away must go;
 But ever in Ins heart will bear
 Remembrance of the Negro’s care.
 Go, white man, go; but with thee bear
 The negro’s wish, the negro’s prayer,
 Remembrance of the Negro’s care.
From Poems and Lyrics, by Robert Nicoll.
 WE’L', MAK THE WARLD BETTER YET
The braw folk crush the puir folk doon,
 And bluid and tears are rinnin het;
 And muckle ill, and muckle wae,
 We a’ upon the earth hae met;
 And Falsehood aft comes bauldly forth,
 And on the throne o’ Truth doth si
 But true hearts a’—gae wark awa—
 We’ll mak the warld better yet!
Though Superstition, hand in hand
 Wi’ Prejudice, that gruesome hag,
 Gangs linkin still; though misers mak
 Their heaven o’er a siller bag;
 Though Ignorance, wi' bluidy hnnd,
 Is tryin Slavery’s bonds to knit—
 Put knee to knee, ye bauld and free—
 We’ll mak the warld better yet!
Yon dreamer tells us o’ a land
 He frae his airy brain hath made—
 A land where Truth and Honesty
 Hae crushed the serpent Falsehood’s head;
 But by the names o’ Love and Joy,
 And Common-sense, and Lear, and Wit,
 Put back to back, and in a crack
 We’ll mak our warld better yet!
The knaves and fules may rage and storm,
 Tne growling bigot may deride;
 The tremblin slave avva may rin,
 And in his tyrant’s dungeon hide;
 But Free, and Bauld, and True, and Glide,
 Unto this aith their seal hae set
 Frae pole to pole we’ll free ilk soul,
 The warld shall be better yet!’
WHERE THERE’S A WILL THERE’S A
 WAY.
BY ELIZA COOK
We have faith in old proverbs, surely,
 For Wisdom has traced what they tell,
 And Truth may be drawn up as purely
 From them as it may from a well.
 Let us question the thinkers and doers,
 And hear what they honestly say,
 And you’ll find they believe, like bold wooers,
 In Where there’s a will there’s a way.
The hills have been high for Man’s mounting,
 The woods have been dense for hi 3 axe,
 The stars have been thick for his counting,
 The sands have been wide for his tracks,
 The sea has been deep for his diving,
 The poles have been broad for his sway,
 But bravely he’s proved in his striving,
 That Where there’s a will there’s a way.
Have ye vices that want a destroyer!
 Or passions that need your control!
 Let Reason become your employer,
 And your body be ruled by your soul.
 Fight on, though ye bleed in the trial,
 Resist with all strength that ye may,
 Ye may conquer Sin’s host by denial,
 For Where there’s a will there’s a way
Have ye Poverty’s pinching to cope with!
 Does suffering weigh down your might!
 Only call up a spirit to hope with,
 And dawn may come out of the night.
 Oh! much may be done by defying
 The ghosts of Despair and Dismay,
 And much may be gained by relying
 On Where there’s a wilt there’s a way.
Should ye see afar off that worth winning,
 Set out on the journey we trust;
 And ne’er heed if your path at beginning
 Should be among brambles and dust.j
 Though it is but by footsteps ye do it,
 And hardships may hinder and stay,
 Keep a heart, and be sure you’ll get through it
 For Where there’s a will there’s a way.
the rights of woman.
 The Rights of Woman' What are they!
 The right to labor and to pray;
 The right to watch while others sleep,
 The right o’er others woes to weep;
 The right to succor in distress,
 The right while others curse to bless;
 The right to love whom others scorn,
 The riglrt to comfort all that mourn;
 The right to shed new joy on earth,
 The right to feel the soul’s high worth,
 The right to lead the soul to God,
 Along the path her Saviour trod;
 The path of meekness and of love,
 The path of faith that leads above;
 The path of patience under wrong,
 The path in which the weak grow strong:—
 Such woman’s rights, and God will bless,
d crown their champions with success.
See, how K en eath the moonbeam’s smi.'e,
 Yon little B*iy )W heaves its breast,
 And foams and spar^ 3 for a whi e&gt;
 And murmuring then
 Thus man, the sport of bliss
 Rises on time’s eventful sea;
 d having swelled a moment there,
 rue* melts into eternity
S election s.
THE INFAMOUS JUDGE JEFFEEYS.
The person selected was Sir George
 Jeffreys, Chief Justice of the Court of
 King’s Bench. The depravity of this
 man has passed into a proverb.—Both
 the great English parties have attacked
 his memory with emulous violence; for
 the whigs considered him as their most
 barbarous enemy, and tories found it
 convenient to throw on him t]ie blame
 of all the crimes which had sullied their
 triumphs. A diligent and candid in
 quiry will show that some frightful
 stories which have been told concern
 ing him are false or exaggerated; yet
 the dispassionate historian will be able
 to make every little deduction from the
 vast mass of infamy with which the
 memory of the wicked judge has been
 loaded.
 He was a man of quick and vigorous
 parts, but constitutionally prone to
 insolence and to the angry passions.
 When just emerging from boyhood he
 had risen into practice at the Old Bai
 ley Bar, —a bar where advocates have
 always used a license of tongue un
 known in Westminster Hall. Here,
 during many years, his chief business
 was to examine and cross examine the
 most hardened miscreants of a great
 capital. Daily conflicts with prostitutes
 and thieves, called out his powers so
 effectually that he became the most
 consummate bully ever known in his
 profession. —All tenderness for the
 feelings of others, all self-respect, all
 sense of the becoming, were oblitera
 ted from his mind. He acquired a
 boundless command of the rhetoric in
 which the vulgar express hatred and
 contempt. The profusion of maledic
 tions and vituperative epithets which
 composed his vocabulary could hardly
 have been rivalled in the fish market or
 the bear-garden. His countenance
 and his voice must always have been
 unamiable, but these natural advan
 tages—for such he seems to have
 thought them—he had improved to such
 a degree that there were few who, in
 his paroxysms of rage, could see or
 hear him without emotion. Impudence
 and ferocity sat upon his brow. The
 glare of his eyes had a fascination for
 ;he unhappy victims on whom they were
 fixed; yet his brow and eye were said
 to be less terrible than the savage lines
 of his mouth.
 His yell of fury, as was said by one
 who had often heard it, sounded like
 the thunder of the judgment day. These
 qualification he carried, while still a
 young man, from the bar to the bench.
 He early became common sergeant,
 and then recorder of London. As
 judge at the city sessions he exhibited
 the same propensities which afterwards,
 in a higher post, gained for him an un
 enviable immortality. Already might
 be remarked of him, the most odious
 vice which is incident to human nature,
 a delight in misery merely as misery.
 There was a fiendish exultation in the
 way in which he pronounced sentence
 on felons. Their weeping and implor
 ing seemed to titillate him voluptuously;
 and he loved to scare them into fits by
 dilating with luxurious amplirication on
 all the details of what they were to suf
 fer. Thus, when he had an opportuni
 ty of ordering an unlucky adventuress
 to be whipped, at the cart’s tail,
 “Hangman,” he would exclaim, “I
ELLA
charge you to pay particular attention
 to this lady; scourge her soundly, man!
 scourge her till the blood runs down!
 It is Christmas; a cold time for madam
 to strip in! See that you warm her
 shdulders thoroughly!” He was hard-
ly less facetious when he passed judg
 ment on Ludowick Muggleton, the
 drunken tailor, who fancied himsqlf a
 prophet. “Impudent rogue,” roared
 Jeffreys, thou slialt have an easy,
 easy, easy punishment!” One part of
 this easy punishment was the pillory,
 in which the wretched fanatic was al
 most killed with brickbats.
By this time the nature of Jeffreys
 had been hardened to that temper which
 tyrants require in their worst imple
 ments. He had hitherto looked for
 professional advancement to the Cor
 poration of London. He had there
 fore, professed himself a Roundhead,
 and had always appeared to be in a
 higher state of exhilaration when he
 explained to popish priests that they
 were to be cut down, and were to see
 their own bodies burned, than when he
 passed ordinary sentences of death.
 But as soon as he- had got all that the
 city would give, he made* haste to sell
 his forehead of brass and his tongue of
 venom to the court.
Chipfinch, who was accustomed to
 act as broker in infamous contracts of
 more than one kind, lent his aid. Pie
 had conducted many amorous and po
 litical intrigues; but he assuredly never
 rendered a more scandalous service to
 his masters than when he introduced
 Jeffreys to Whitehall. The renegade
 soon found a patron in the obdurate and
 revengeful James, but was always re
 garded with scorn and disgust by
 Charles, whose faults, great as they
 were, had no affinity with insolence and
 cruelty. “That man/’ said the king,
 has no learning, no sense, no man
 ners, and more impudence than ten
 carted street-walkers.” Work was to
 be done, however, which could be
 trusted to no man who reverenced law
 or was sensible of shame; and thus Jeff
 reys, at an age at which a barrister
 thinks himselffortunate if he is employ
 ed to lead an important cause, was
 made Chief Justice ofthe King’s Bench.
 His enemies could not deny that he
 possessed some of the qualities of a
 great judge. His legal knowledge,
 indeed, was merely such as he had
 picked up in practice of no very high
 kind; but he had one of those happily
 constituted intellects which, across the
 labyrinths of sophistry, and through
 masses of immaterial facts, goes straight
 to the true point. Of his intellect, how
 ever, he seldom had the full use. Even
 in civil causes his malevolent and des
 potic temper perpetually disordered his
 judgment. To enter his court was to
 enter the den of a wild beast which
 none could tame, and which was as
 likely to be roused to rage by caresses
 as by attacks. He frequently poured
 forth on plaintiffs and defendants bar
 risters and attorneys, witnesses and
 jurymen, torrents of frantic abuse
 intermixed with oaths and curses. His
 looks and tones had inspired terror
 when he was merely a young advocate
struggling into practice. Now that he
 was at the head of the most formidable
 tribunal in the realm, there were few
 indeed who did not tremble before him.
 Even when he was sober his violence
 was sufficiently frightful; but in gen
 eral, his reason was overclouded, and
 his evil passions stimulated by the
 fumes of intoxication. His evenings
 were ordinarily given to revelry.
 People who saw him only over his
 bottle would have supposed him to be
 a man gross indeed, sottish, and ad
 dicted to low company and low merri
 ment, but social and good humored.
 He was constantly surrounded on such
 occasions by buffoons, selected for the
 most part from among the vilest petti
 foggers who practised before him.—
 These men bantered and abused each
 other for his entertainment. He joined
 in their ribald talk, sang catches with
 them, and when his head grew hot,
 hugged and kissed them in an ecstacy
 of fondness. But, though wine at first
 seem to soften his heart, the effect a
 few hours later, was very different. He
 often came to the judgment-seat having
 kept the Court waiting long, and yet
 having but half slept off his debauch,
 his cheeks on fire, his eyes glaring like
 those of a maniac. When he was in
 this statg, his boon companions of the
 preceding night, if they were wise,
 kept out of his way, for the recollection
 of the familiarity to which he had ad
 mitted them, inflamed his malignity,
 and he was sure to take every oppor
 tunity of overwhelming them with ex
 ecration and invective. Not the least
 odious of his many odious peculiarities,
 was the pleasure which he took in pub
 licly browbeating and mortifying those
 whom, in this fits of maudlin tenderness,
 he had encouraged to presume on his
 favor.
The services which the government
 had expected from him were performed
 hot merely without flinching, but eager
 ly and triumphantly. His first exploit
 was the judicial murder of Algernon
 Sidney. What followed was in perfect
 harmony with this beginning. Respec
 table tories lamented the disgrace which
 the barbarity or indecency of so great
 a functionary brought upon the admin
 istration of justice; but the excesses
 which filled such men with horror,
 were titles to the esteem of James. Jeff
 ryes, therefore, after the death of
 Charles, obtained a seat in the Cabinet
 and a peerage. This last honor was
 a signal mark of royal approbation;
 for, since the judicial system of the
 realm had been remodelled in the thir
 teenth century, no Chief Justice had
 been a Lord of Parliament.—Macau
 lay’s History.
AN UNKNOWN WORLD.
THE ENGLISH IN EASTERN AFRICA.
Quite recently, the English have
 made a settlement at Aden, near the
 Red Sea. Having once obtained a
 foothold, they, English-like, began to
 push about them, and one of their first
 discoveries was a river where none was
 marked on any chart, and upon this
 they steamed 3000 miles without find
 ing the least obstruction. Having now
 passed around this continent, let us
 look up into the interior. For half a
 century, English government have been
 expending lives and treasures in a
 partial exploration. They have found
 that this whole tract of country is one
 of amazing fertility and beauty,
 abounding in gold and all sorts of tropi
 cal vegetation. There are hundreds of
 woods, invaluable for dying and archi
 tectual purposes, not found in other
 portions of the world. Through it, for
 thousands of miles, runs a broad river,
 with clear water, and of unsurpassed
 depth, flowing on at a rate of two or
 three miles an hour, without rock,
 shoal, or snag, to interrupt its naviga
 tion. Other riyers pour into this tribu
 tary waters of such volume as must
 have required hundreds of miles to be
 collected, yet they seem scarcely to en
 large it. This river pours its waters
 into the Atlantic, through the most
 magnificent delta in the world, consist
 ing, perhaps, of a hundred mouths, ex
 tending, probably, five hundred miles
 along the coast, and mostly broad,
 deep, and navigable for steam boats.
 Upon this river are scattered cities,
 some 0/ which are estimated to contain
 a million of inhabitants, and the whole
 country teems with a dense popula
 tion.
Far in the interior, in the very heart
 of the continent, is a nation in an ad
 vanced state of civilization. The gran
 deur and beauty of portions of the
 country through which the Niger makes
 its sweeping circuit, are indescribable.
 In many places, its banks rise bold a
 thousand feet thickly covered with the
 richest vegetation of tropical climates.
 But all this vast and sublime country
 —this scope of rich fertility and ro
 mantic beauty—is, apparently, shut off
 forever from the world.
It is the negro’s sole possession. He
 need not fear the incursions of the
 white man there—for over this whole
 lovely country moves one dread mala
 dy, and to the white man it is the val
 ley of the shadow of death.” In ex
 pedition after expedition, sent out from
 the English ports, on the Island of As
 cension, not one man in ten has re
 turned alive, all have fallen victims to
 this seemingly beautiful, but awful
 country. It seems impossible for an
 Englishman to breathe the air. So
 dreadful is it—so small the chance of
 life, that criminals in England have
 been offered pardon, on condition of
 volunteering in this service, more ter
 rible than that of gathering poison from
 the Upas. This country, tempting as
 it is, can only be penetrated at the risk
 of life; and it is melancholy to think
 that those who have given us even the
 meagre information that we have, do
 so at the sacrifice of their lives.
THE SEVEN SLEEPERS*
The story ofthe Seven Sleepers is the
 most romantic of the legends of the
 church. It is as follows :—When the
 Emperor Decius persecuted the Chris
 tians, seven noble youths of Ephesus
 concealed themselves in a spacious cav
 ern, on the side of an adjacent moun
 tain, where they were doomed to perish
 by the tyrant, who gave orders that the
 entrance should be firmly secured by a
 pile of stones. They immediately fell
 into a deep slumber, which was most
 miraculously prolonged without injuring
 the powers of life during a period of
 one hundred and eighty-seven years.
At the end of that time, the slaves of
 Adolus, to whom the inheritance of the
 mountain had descended, removed the
 stones to supply materials for some”
 rustic edifice. The light of the sun
 darted into the cavern and the Seven
 Sleepers were permited to awake. Soon
 after rising from their sleep, which they
 thought had lasted only a few hours,
 they were pressed by the calls of hun
 ger, and resolved that Jamblichus, one
 of their number, should secretly return
 to the city, to purchase bread for the
 use of himself and his companions. The
 youth, if we may still employ that ap
 pellation, could no longer recognise the
 once familiar aspect of his native coun
 try and his surprise was increased by
 the appearance of a large cross
 triumphantly erected over the principal
 gate of Ephesus. Kis singular dress j
 and obsolete language confounded the
 baker, to whom he offerd an ancient
 medal of Decius, as the current coin of
 the empire; and Jamblichus on the
 snspicion of a secret treasure, was
 dragged before the judge.—Their mu
 tual inquires produced the amazing dis
 covery, that two centuries were almost
 elapsed since Jamblichus and his friends
 had escaped from the rage of a pagan
 tyrant. The Bishop of Ephesus, the
 qlergy, the magistrate, the people and, 1
 it is said, the Emperor
 self, hastened to visit the cavern of the
 Seven Sleepers, who related their story,
 bestowed their benediction, and at the
 same instant peaceably expired!— Mrs
 Jameson’s Poetry of Sacred and Legend- 1
 ary Art.
THE INFLUENCE OF TRADE,
As long as war lasts, the nobles, who
 must be soldiers, rule very well. But
 when peace comes, the nobles prove
 very whimsical and uncomfortabte mas
 ters; their frolics turn out to be very
 insulting and degrading to the com
 moner. Feudalism grew to be a ban
 dit and brigand. Meantime, trade (or
 the merchant and manufacturer) had
 begun to appear; trade, a plant which
 always grows wherever there is peace.
 —The luxury and necessity of the
 noble fostered it. And as quickly as
 men go to foreign ports in ships or
 caravans,a new order of things springs
 up; new ideas awake in their minds.
 New command takes new servants and
 new masters. Their information, their
 wealth, their correspondence, have
 made them quite other men than left
 their native shore. They are nobles
 now, and by ancient patent than the
 king’s. Feudalism had been good, had
 broken the power of kings, and had
 some very good traits of its own; but
 it had grown mischievous, it was time
 for it to die, and as they say of dying
 people all their faults come out. Trade
 was the strong man that broke it down
 and raised a new and unknown power
 in its place. It is a new agent in the
 world, and one of very great function;
 it is a very intellectual force. This
 displaces physical force, and instals
 computation, science in its room. It
 calls out all force of a certain kind that
 slumbered in certain dynasties. It is
 now in the midst of its career. Our
 government partakes largely of that
 element. Trade goes to make the
 government insignificant, to bring every
 faculty of every individual that can in
 any way serve any person, on sale.—
 Instead of a large army and navy, and
 executive department, it tends to con
 vert Government into a bureau of
 intelligence, an intelligence office,
 where every man may find what he
 wishes to buy, and expose what he has
 to sell, not only produce and manufac
 tures, but art, skill, and intellectual
 and moral values.— The Young Ameri
 can, by 11. W. Emerson.
IMPORTANCE
The truly great are never pompous
 —set that down as a rule. There is a
 decent dignity, a manly pride, which
 none should be without. But addle
 pated fellows, who pride themselves
 upon some little thing they have done
 or are capable of, some small position
 they hold, some expectancy which
 chance has given them, are apt to put
 on airs that sensible pride would scorn,
 as more like the clumsy flight of the
 hen, than the sweep of an eagle. Not
 one of our readers this day but can point
 out, offhand, ten examples of this sort;
 some to be sure, with the shadow of a
 reason for their highandmightiness; but
 the majority are mere bubbles.
 Why, we have known of a reporter,
 who could not write two consecutive
 lines gramatically, but who oncq got
 out, forsooth, the best report of a large
 fire, and who, because his account
 was copied into several papers, for
 ever put on airs, and became the most
 offensively conceited fellow in town.
 Poor fellow! that one blast of praise,
 was too much for him. The intoxica
 tion of applause, new enough to him led
 him to a worse intoxication, and he is
 now not only ignorant and obscure,
 but a vain and hopeless sot. Let his
 fellow scribes take warning.
 We have known of another man,
 whose brains were altogether in his
 heels—that is, he was what is termed a
 “magnificent” dancer. As soon as he
 found it out, he cultivated mustaches
 and became princely in his apparel.
 Ever since that halcyon time, he has
 been good for nothing at his trade. He
 has felt important, and drinks whiskey
 punches. But out and alas! balls were
 his ruin and the sorrow of his tailors.
 Let spry young men beware of their
 heels.
It is a painful task to strip even fools
 of their pretensions, and therefore we
 desist; though every time we come into
 contact with “big feeling” men, we
 shall be reminded of this chapter and
 perhaps be provoked into adding to it.
 To us, all important fellows are “most
 intolerable and not to be endured.”
 We can see through them as easily as
 through our grandmother’s spectacles
 —time spare their antique bows! We
 have nothing in common with calves of
 that breed. They smack too much of
 Corporal Nym. —Boston Museum.
The former nurse of the Emperor of
 Russia is a Scotch woman, who many
 years ago went to St Petersburg!! as a
 servant girl. She became a nursery
 maid in the Imperial family, and was
 placed near Nicholas to teach him
 English. When she arrived at the
 throne, he gave his children in charge
 to her and promoted her to the rank of
 a general, which she now holds.
-hbucvtiscmcnts.
Important to Farmers.
T D p E’S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Grass
 1 low. Ihe Fanning Public are hereby informed
 that Letters Patent have been taken out by the Sub
 scriber lor his recent great improvements in the con
 struction and manufacture of Field Cultivators
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionize
 the whole system of farming, by reducing the expense
 one-halt or more. Wherever they have been intro
 duced, they have met the decided approbation of
 armers, as the following certificates from the intel
 igent and practical farmers whose names are
 ttaclied, abundantly show:
CERTIFICATES
This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 by Nathan Ide, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 ?ik&gt; and believe it to be, as a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer ran put in from ten to fifteeif acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
 team labor; he can also sow it in much better order.
 By it also t anada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 stiucted that it can lie regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 oidy jnst brush the surface. Upon tl.e whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the b armer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
James H. iledley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, J„h n Stevens,
 John G. Wheeler, Hartes Hedley,
 Gardner Berry, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 i iY e V, the un^ er si gned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ides Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more
 Riga, June, 1848
After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. IVo farmer who fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
C 1 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 amine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ,ng&gt; including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No/6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 Booksellers and Publishers.
jy2i
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
ARE LOW
REPUBLICATION OF
The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Revieiv, The North Rnt
 ish Revieiv, The Westminster Revieiv,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North (British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
PRICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
Payments to be made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
EARLY COPIES
A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able/to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
70 Fulton street, New York
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 INUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;—
 Capital, £300,000 —Benjumin YV. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, o- ra nt
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 in policies issued in 1837; 7£ per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
The chiet object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friends or
 creditors; and it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, which will be
 furnished by the subscriber to all who may feel an
 interest in the subject, that by paying a small sum to
 the office every year during his life, a person may se
 cure to his family a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 understood, it is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages to all, but more especially to those who
 depend on their own exertions for the support of their
 families, or who may be desirious to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might be oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs but to be explained to ensure the seri
 ous consideration of the public.
 In several instances it has happened that the party
 insured has died shortly after having paid only one
 or two instalments of the premium, when his family
 have received from this office the full amount for
 which he had insured.
F nil information on this important subject may be
 obtained by applying, personally or by letter (post
 paid) at the office of the subscriber, the authorised
 agent of the Girard Life Insurance Company.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 Bakewell’s Law Buildings,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
WM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad
 way. Also an extensive assortment of Cravats,
 Stocks, Hosiery, Gloves, &amp;c
 Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
American Phrenological Journal.
 O. S. FGIVLER, EDITOR.
 TO reform and pertect ourselves and our race, is
 the most exalted of all works. Yet, to do this we
 must understand the Human Constitution. This
 Phrenology, Physiology and Vital Magnetism em
 brace, and eenc» expound all the laws of our being,
 conditions of and constitute the philoso
 pher’s stone of Universal Truth.
Each number will contain either the analysis and
 location of some phrenological faculty, illustrated by
 an Engraving, or an artical on their combinatiods:
 and also the organization and character of some dis
 tinguished personage, accompanied by a likeness.
Health I-' Life, The great instrument of talent vir
 tue and happiness, all of which it augments. To its
 perservation and restoration, special attention w ill be
 given.
With practial instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truths which it unfolds, will be presented in
 this Journal.
The blessings they enjoy, the influence they can
 w'ield, and their preparation for conducting our insti
 tutions, will form the theme of a series of articles.
Who does not long oarnestly, and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his natural powers, and
 render himself better and more happy 1 To such,
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal w ill l&gt;e
 sent GRAT IS, w hen desired.
To receive attention, letters and orders must be
 POST-PAID, and directed .to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis.
ELI CHURCH.
 DENNIS CHURCH
Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the! scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ot
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferations
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of w ater
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure (o
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which,tfor
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country! The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal’
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to’
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 to
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay $8 00 per week—on the first and second’
 floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so tliat
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
tUHE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 A of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bul
 a short distance from the V. M. railroad. °The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so lar recovered as to be able to walk half a
 ndle with ease. Since her return to her family she
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets 5
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor!
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are w illing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GRORGE HOYT.
WASHINGTON’S Dasuerrian Gallery, 136,
 Main Street, Kellogg's Buildings, Hartford
 Connecticut.
PROSPECTUS
PHRENOLOGY
PHYSIOLOGY
magnetism
YOUNG MEN
SELF-IMPROVEMENT
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE
D. RUGGLES
 Northampton, March 1848.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
mnTP POVERTY:
 S ILLEGAL CAUSES AND LEGAL
 CURE.
 rp, BY LYSANDER SPOONER.
 108 pages—a *l triot Cal B it A nea pamphlet o
 “Whether all .i.f™ remar H aljle production.”—
 would be realized bvTheful? S P°° ner
 we do not here stop to y
 mend his endeavor to theT.ilA "Ti 'T*' COm
 transparent forcible diction intnJiM w 10 ye a
 original thought-and em.W S de P en fen
 of sect or party. AsaTudicillwro UT
 a compass, far beyond J an y one whose 6 aS ade )th
 have met our eye in a longtime.” Productions
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine savs—“ Tt a
 in bold and original thoughts. The illegal
 poverty are stated, and a number of important pr&lt;Z.
 s‘ mns bearing on the subject laid down; and.onX
 whole, we consider .t a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many valuable hints to the states
 man and political economist.”
The Bangor Gazette says—« An able and certain
 ly original work, from the pen of Lysander Spooner
 Esq.—author of that powerful l*&gt;ok which demon
 strates the unconstitutionality of American Slavery
 1 here is no writer of the age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,’ This new work is des
 tined to lead to a re.examination of all former svs
 toms of political economy.” At first blush his eco
 nomical propositions strike us as sustainable—and if
 they are so, his wwk will prevail, and produce an
 important revolution in the present prevailing svs
 tern. 8
 Every one should read it.”
t&gt; i Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
Hart’s Vegetable Lxtract
 Is the only remedy that can be relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Irrita
 l ion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Physical F.ner
 gy» and all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 ('readful of all diseases that affect the human race
 Epilepsy, or Falling Sickeess.— Hysterical Fit*
 Convulsions, Spasms, &amp;c It is well known, that
 from time immemorial, Physicians have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all their
 skill, and the boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands have suffered through a mis
 erable existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
 the Altar of Insanity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, and all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which is here offered.
 If it is deception, let it be exposed; but if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, jio longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
Heart’s Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen years,
 las been tested bv many persons who have suffered’
 with this dreadful dissase, and in every case where
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted w ith Fits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and lias been restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had failed) by the use. of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of 4 the best Physicians in the
 State, says that he has been much benefitted by the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many y»ars past he
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases’
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Clias, 11. Boughton, a member of his family has
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State of
 Ohio to resume his business.
Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churcn,
 Spotswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that he hopes
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
Read the follow ing remarkable case of the son of
 Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was’ cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract. —l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a lour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly, I remained there three months
 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost me’ about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that my son ’a case was hopeless
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home in the month of
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 as when 1 left, I saw- your advertisement in one of
 ti e New York papers, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
 sorry.l did so, as by the use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now l)efore him of life, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 years 6
 months of this time has been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health,
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in* T o say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as 1 here enclose you one hundred dollars,
 I have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 ow e you; but please accept this amount as interest
 on the debt in advance.
Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy ot
 this truly wonderful medicine, read the following
 letter from Dr. W. L, Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of the most eminent physicians in that place:
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1846.
 Brother laborer in the cause of humanity Dear
 sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure that I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triumph
 of your invaluable medicine m cases of Epilepsy. I
 have prescribed it in four instances in this vicinity
 and it has been highly successful in all. Three o
 the patients, I trust, have been radically cured.
 The fourth one is rapidly improving, and will, I
 think w ithout doubt recover. I am not in the habit
 of prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
 but when I see an article which promises so much
 for the relief of suffering humanity, I feel my duty
 to recommend it, and I have no hesitatiin in say
 ing that as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
 with the real merit of your medicine, they will
 close their eyes against prejudice and lend you a
 helping hand.
 I subscribe myself yours, sincerely,
 [Signed] W. L. MONROE, M. D
 T.O Dr, S. Hart, New York,
THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
 When thousands who are now trembling under
 the band of this dreadful disease, and fearing that
 every attack may prove fatal, will find permanent
 relief and be restored to new life, by usin&lt;r this
 celebrated medicine,
OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 Have been received in testimony of the Beneficial
 result produced by the use of Dr. Hart’s V eve ta
 ble Extract. 6
 Prepared by S. HART, M. D., New York.
 Price, one package
 Do four packages 10 00
 Do eight packages 20 00
 It is carefully packed up in boxes for trans
 portation, and send to anv part of the United
 States, Texas, Mexico, and West Indies.
 THOMAS MILS, *169 Main street, Cin
 cinnati, Ohio, General Agents for the United
 States, to whom all communications must be ad
 dressed Post Paid.
A. B D. Sands Corner of Fulton and William St.
New York.
 H. D. Wade, Main St. Pauls Rochester,
 E. Hollidge, 217 Jlain street Buffalo,
 H. E. Gaylord, Agents for. Cleveland Ohio,
 Fay &amp;'Killbourne, Columbus,
 J. G G. H Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 Wm. Cunningham, Millwaukie Wis.
 J. R Reed, and Co., Chicago 111.
 Doct. T. Mason, Dulinque lowa.
 H. Blacksley, and Co., St. Louis Mo.
And for Sale by most of the principal Dracgists,
 throughout the United States.
 MILLS, 169 Main street,
 Sep. '22, lyj Cincinnati.OhioJ
"
