"P o till}.
for !h* S®* ll Bt r
 ABOLITION OSWARIV
 Brightlv the fees'* dawns,
 Ami soon *e ti»* witt 4
 When 'neath oar star-gemnwd b oner
 Slavery will find a* ham*-
 In vain from Can^in*
 |)oe, Calhoun sound the note;
 Vainly does Mississippi
 Against Freedom act her Foote.
 In the Bay State we’ve resolved,
 To the South no more we’ll bend;
 That freedom against slavery,
 In future we’U defend.
 From the Granite Hills they Hale is.
 With a voir* can’t mistake.
 And news to (base all fear away,
 Comes from the Buckeye Suae.
 The Keys ton* eoon we w ill reclaim,
 Though to her shame *tif told,
 That in the last election,
 She was bought by Lawrence gold.
 And all our sister States,
 That w ith freedom now are blessed,
 Will lielp to raise our brothers,
 Who with slavery are oppressed.
 F.’en now the tyrants tremble—
 Ah! soon they’ll feel a shock,
 As Slavery’s dismantled ship
 Shall strike on Freedom’* rock.
 ELLA.
 Marblehead, March, 1849.
 MUNGO PARK.
 The wind loud roared,the rain fell fast,
 The white man yielded to the blast;
 He sat him down beneath our tree,
 For weary, sail, and faint was he;
 And ah! no wife or mother’s care,
 For him the milk or corn prepare:
 The white man shall our pity share!
 Alas! no wife or motlier’* care,
 For him the milk or corn prepare!
 The storm is o’er, the tenifiest jtasl,
 And Mercy’s voice lias hushed the blast;
 Tl»e wind is heard in whispers low
 The white man far away must go;
 But ever in his heart will bear
 Remembrance of tlie Negro’s care.
 Go, white man, go; but with thee bear
 The negro’s wish, the negro’s prayer,
 Remembrance of the Negro’s care.
 From Poems and Lyrics, by Robert Nicoli.
 WE’L'. MAK THE WARLD BETTER YET.
 The braw folk crush the puir folk doon,
 And bluid and tears are rinnin het;
 And nnickle ill, and inuckle wae,
 We a’ upon the earth luie met;
 And Falsehood aft comes bauldly forth,
 And on the throne o’ Truth doth si
 But true hearts a’—gac wark aw*—
 We’ll mak the warld better yet!
 Though Superstition, hand in hand
 Wi’ Prejudice, that gruesome hag,
 Gangs linknt still; though misers mak
 Their heaven o’er a siller bag;
 Though Ignorance, wi* biuidy hnnd,
 is tryin Slavery’s bonds to knit—
 Put knee to knee, ye liauld and free—
 We’ll mak Ute warld better yet!
 Yon dreamer tells us o’ a land
 He frae his airy brain hath made—
 A land where Truth and Honesty
 Hae crushed the serpent Falsehood’s head;
 But by the names o’ Love and Joy,
 And Common-sense, and Lear, and Wit,
 Put back to back, and in a crack
 We’ll mak our warld belter yet!
 The knaves and fules may rage and storin,
 Tne growling bigot may deride;
 The tremblin slave awa may rin,
 And in his tyrant’s dungeon hide;
 But Free, and Bauld, and 'I rue, and Glide,
 Unto this aith their seal hae set
 Frae p &gt;le to pole we’ll free ilk soul,
 The warld shall lie better yet”
 WHERE THERE’S A WILL THERE’S A
 WAY.
 BV ELIZA COOK.
 We have faith in old proverbs, surely,
 For Wisdom lias trace 1 wliat they tell,
 And Truth may be drawm up as purely
 From them as it may from a well.
 Let us question the thinkers and doers,
 And hear wliat they honestly say,
 And you’ll find they lielieve, like bold wooers,
 In Wliere there’s a will there’s a way.
 The hills have been high for Man’s mounting,
 The woods have been dense for his axe,
 Tlie stars have been thick for his counting,
 The sands have been wide for his tracks,
 The sea has leen deep for his diving,
 The iwles iiave bgen broad for his sway,
 But bravely lie’s proved in bis striving,
 That licre there’s a will there’s a way.
 Have ye vices that want a destroyer?
 Or passions that need your control?
 Let 'Reason Income your employer,
 And your body be ruled by your soul.
 Fight on, though ye bleed in the trial,
 Resist with all strength that ye may,
 Ye may conquer Sin’s host by denial,
 For Wliere there’s a will there’s a way.
 Have ye Poverty’s pinching to cojie with?
 Does suffering weigh down your might?
 Only call up a spirit to hope with,
 And dawn may come out of the night. j
 Oh! much may lie done by defying
 Tlie ghosts of Despair and Dismay,
 And much may be gained by rely ing
 On W here there’s a will there’s a way.
 Should ye see afar off that worth w inning,
 •Sei oui on die journey we trust;
 And ne’er heed if your padi at beginning
 Should lie among brambles aiul bust. t
 Though it is I wit by footsteps ye do it,
 And hardship* may hinder and stay,
 Keep a heart, ami be sore you'll get through it,
 For Where there a will diere’s a way.
 THE RIGHTS OF WOMAN.
 The Right* of Woman' What are thev?
 The right to labor ami to pray;
 The right to watch while Olliers sleep.
 Tlie right o’er odiers w oes to weep;
 The fight to succor in distress,
 The right while odiers curse to lde»»;
 The right to love wiiom others scorn,
 Tlie right to comfort all tliat mourn
 Tlte right to shed new joy on eanii,
 The right to feel tlie soul's high worth,
 The right U&gt; lead the soul to God,
 Along die path her Saviour trod;
 Tlie |&gt;a«h of meekness and of km,
 Tlie path of faith that leads above;
 The path of patience under wroug,
 The path in which the weak grow strong:
 Swell woman’s rights, and God will bWs,
 And crown dieir champions willi success.
 S«*, how beueadi the moonbeam's sni'e,
 Von iiule billow heaves its breast,
 And foam* and sparkles for a while,
 And muruiijrmg then subsides to real.
 Tims man, the sport of bhs* sod care, j
 Rises on time’s eventful sea; I
 And having swelled a moment there, 1
 Thu* melt* into eternity
0 election e.
THEINPAMOUB JV'DGE J EFFEEIi
 The person selected was Sir George
 Jeffreys, Chief Justice of the Court ol
 Kihg’s Bench. The depravity of thia
 man has passed into a proverb.—Both
 the great English parties have attacked
 hit memory with emulous violence; for
 the whigs considered him as their most
 barbarous enemy, and tories found it
 convenient to throw on him the blame
 of all the crimes which had sullied their
 triumphs. A diligent and candid in
 quiry will show that some frightful
 stories which have been told concern
 ing him are false or exaggerated; yet
 the dispassionate historian will be able
 to make every little deduction from the
 vast mass of infamy with which the
 memory of the wicked judge has been
 loaded.
 He was a roan of quick and vigorous
 parts, but constitutionally prone to
 insolence and to the angry passions.
 When just emerging from boyhood ne
 had risen into practice at the Old Bai
 ley Bar, —a bar where advocates have
 always used a license of tongue un
 known in Westminster Hall. Here,
 during many years, his chief business
 was to examine and cross examine the
 most hardened miscreants of a great
 capital. Daily conflicts w'ith prostitutes
 and thieves, called out his powers so
 effectually that he became the most
 consummate bully ever know'n in his
 profession. —All tenderness for the
 feelings of others, all self-respect, all
 sense of the becoming, were oblitera
 ted from his mind. He acquired 8
 boundless command of the rhetoric in
 which the vulgar express hatred and
 contempt. The profusion of maledic
 tions and vituperative epithets which
 composed his vocabulary could hardly
 have been rivalled in the fish market or
 the bear-garden. His countenance
 and his voice must always have been
 unamiable, but these natural advan
 tages—for such he seems to have
 thought them—he had improved to such
 a degree that there were few who, in
 his paroxysms of rage, could see or
 hear him without emotion. Impudence
 and ferocity sat upon his brow. The
 glare of his eyes had a fascination for
 the unhappy victims on whom they were
 fixed; yet his brow' and eye were said
 to be less terrible than the savage lines
 of his mouth.
 His yell of fury, as was said by one
 who had often heard it, sounded like
 the thunder ofthe judgment day. These
 qualification he carried, while still p
 young man, from the bar to the bench.
 He early became common sergeant,
 and then recorder df London. As
 judge at the city sessions he exhibited
 the same propensities which afterwards,
 in a higher post, gained for him an un
 enviable immortality. Already might
 be remarked of hitn, the most odious
 vice which is incident to human nature,
 —a delight in misery merely as misery.
 There was a fiendish exultation in the
 way in which he pronounced sentence
 on felons. r I heir weeping and implor
 ing seemed to titillate him voluptuously;
 and he loved to scare them into fits l&gt;&gt;
 dilating with luxurious ampii.icuuou 01
 all the details of what they were to sut
 ler. Thus, when he had an opportuni
 ty of ordering an unlucky adventures!
 to be whipped, at the cart’s tail
 Hangman,” he would exclaim, “J
 charge you to pay particular attentior
 to this lady; scourge her soundly, man
 scourge her till the blood runs down
 It is Christmas; a cold time for madaii
 to strip in! See that you warm hei
 shoulders thoroughly!” He was hard
 lyjess facetious when he passed judg
 ment on Ludowick Muggleton*, tin
 drunken tailor, who fancied himself f
 prophet. “Impudent rogue,” roarec
 Jeffreys, thou shaft have an easy
 easy, easy punishment!” One part o
 this easy punishment was the pillory
 in which the wretched fanatic was al
 most killed with brickbats.
 By this time the nature of Jeffrey?
 had been hardened to that temper which
 tyrants require in their worst imple
 ments. He had hitherto looked foi
 professional advancement to the Cor
 poration of London. He had there
 fore, professed himself a Roundhead
 and had always appeared to be in a
 higher state of exhilaration when he
 explained to popish priests that the)
 were to be cut down, and were to set
 their own bodies burned, than when he
 passed ordinary sentences of death
 But as soon as lie had got all that the
 city would give, he made haste to sel
 his forehead of brass and his tongue oJ
 venom to the. court.
 Chipfinch, who was accustomed It
 act as broker in infamous contracts o
 more than one kind, lent his aid. Ht
 had conducted many amorous and po
 litical intrigues; but he assuredly nevei
 rendered a more scandalous service t&lt;
 his masters than when he introduce!
 Jeffreys to Whitehall. The renegadi
 soon found a patron in the obdurate anc
 revengeful Janies, but was always rc
 garded with scorn and disgust b&gt;
 Charles, whose faults, great as the)
 were, had no atfinity with insolence am
 cruelty. “That man,” said the king
 has no learning, no sense, no man
 ners, and more impudence than ter
 carted street-walkers.” Work was tt
 be done, however, which could be
 trusted to no man who reverenced law
 or was sensible of shame; and thus Jeff
 reys, at an age at which a barristei
 thinks himself fortunate if he is employ
 ed to lead an important cause, wai
 made Chief Justice ofthe King’s Bench
 His enemies could not deny that he
 possessed some of the qualities of a
 great judge. His legal knowledge,
 indeed, was merely such as he had
 picked up in practice of uo very high
 kind; but he had one of those happily
 constituted intellects which, across the
 labyrinths ol sophistry, and through
 masses of immaterial facts, goes straight
 to the true point. Of his intellect, how
 ever, he seldom had the full use. Ever
 in civil causes his inaievoleut and des
 potic temper perpetually disordered hit
 judgment. 0 enter his court was tc
 enter the den of u wild beast which
 none could tame, and which was a,
 likely lo be roused to rage by caresaei
 as by attacks. He frequently poured
 forth on plaintiffs and defendants bar
 risters and attorneys, witnesses and
 jurymen, torrents of frantic abuse,
 intermixed with oaths and curses. Hit
 looks and tones had inspired terroi
 when he was merely a young advocate
struggling into practice. Now that he
 was at the head of the most formidable
 [tribunal in the realm, there were few
 indeed who did not tremble before him.
 Even when he was sober his violence
 t was sufficiently frightful; but in gen
 eral, his reason was overclouded, and
 his evil passions stimulated by the
 j fumes of intoxication. His evenings
 were ordinarily given to Rvelry.
 People who saw hinroftly over his
 bottle would have supposed him to be
 a man gross indeed, sottish, and ad
 dicted to low company and low merri
 ment, but social and good humored.
 He w as constantly surrounded on such
 occasions by buffoons, selected for the
 most part from among the vilest petti
 foggers who practised before him.—
 These men bantered and abused each
 other for his entertainment. He joined
 in their ribald talk, sang catches with
 them, and when his head grew hot,
 hugged and kissed them in an ecstacy
 of fondness. But, though wine at first
 seem to soften his heart, the effect a
 few hours later, was very different. He
 often came to the judgment-seat having
 i kept the Court waiting long, and yet
 having but half slept off bis debauch,
 bis cheeks on fire, his eyes glaring like
 those of a maniac. When he was in
 this sta’e, his boon companions of the
 preceding night, if they were wise,
 kept out of bis way, for the recollection
 of the familiarity to which he had ad
 mitted them, inflamed his malignity,
 and he was sure to take every oppor
 tunity of overwhelming them with ex
 ecration and invective. Not the least
 odious of his many odious peculiarities,
 was the pleasure which he took in pub
 licly browbeating and mortifying those
 j whom, in this fits of maudlin tenderness,
 he had encouraged to presume on his
 favor.
 The services which the government
 had expected from him were performed
 hot merely without flinching, but eager
 jly and triumphantly. His first exploit
 was the judicial murder of Algernon
 Sidney. What followed was in perfect
 harmony with this beginning. Respec
 table tories lamented the disgrace which
 the barbarity or indecency of so great
 a functionary brought upon the admin
 istration of justice; but the excesses
 which filled such men with horror,
 were titles to the esteem of James. Jeff
 ryes, therefore, after the death of
 [Charles, obtained a seat in the Cabinet
 and a peerage. This last honor was
 a signal mark of royal approbation;
 for, since the judicial system of the
 j realm had been remodelled in the thir
 teenth century, no Chief Justice had
 been a Lord of Parliament.—Macau
 lay's History.
 j AN UNKNOWN WORLD.
 THE ENGLISH IN EASTERN AFRICA.
 Quite recently, the English have
 made a settlement at Aden, near the
 Red Sea. Having once obtained a
 I foothold, they, English-like, began to
 j push about them, and one of their first
 discoveries was a river where none was
 marked on any chart, and upon this
 they steamed 3000 miles without find
 ing the least obstruction. Having nowi
 passed around this continent, let us
 look up into the interior. -For half a
 century, English government have beer
 .expending lives and treasures in a
 partial exploration. They have found
 [that this whole tract of country is one
 of amazing fertility and beauty,
 abounding in gold and all sorts of tropi
 cal vegetation. There are hundreds of
 woods, invaluable for dying and archi
 tectual purposes, not found in other
 portions of the world. Through it, for
 thousands of miles, runs a broad river,
 with clear water, and of unsurpassed
 I depth, flowing on at a rate of two or
 three miles an hour, without rock,
 shoal, or snag, to interrupt its naviga
 tion. Other rivers pour into this tribu
 tary waters of such volume as must
 have required hundreds of miles to be
 collected, yet they seem scarcely to en
 large it. This river pours its waters
 into the Atlantic, through the most
 magnificent delta in the world, consist
 ing, perhaps, of a hundred mouths, ex
 tending, probably, five hundred miles
 along the coast, and mostly broad,
 deep, and navigable for steam boats.
 Upon this river are scattered cities,
 some of which are estimated to contain
 a million of inhabitants, and the whole
 country teems with a dense popula
 tion.
 Far iti the interior, in the very heart
 of the continent, is a nation in an ad
 vanced state of civilization. The gran
 deur and beauty of portions of the
 country through w hich the Niger makes
 its sweeping circuit, are indescribable.
 In many places, its banks rise bold a
 (thousand feet thickly covered with the
 richest vegetation of tropical climates.
 But all this vast and sublime country
 —this scope of rich fertility and ro
 mantic beauty—is, apparently, shut off
 forever from the world.
 It is the negro’s sole possession. He
 need not fear the incursions of the
 white man there—for over this whole
 lovely country moves one dread mala
 dy, and to the white man it is the val
 ley of the shadow of death.” In ex
 pedition after expedition, sent out from
 the English ports, on the Island of As
 cension, not one man in ten has re
 turned alive, all have fallen victims*to
 this seemingly beautiful, but awful
 country. It seems impossible for an
 Englishman to breathe the air. So
 dreadful is it—so small the chance of
 j life, that criminals in England have
 been offered pardon, on condition of
 i volunteering in this service, more ter
 rible than that of gathering poison from
 the L pas. This country, tempting as
 it is, can only be penetrated at the risk
 of life; and it is melancholy to think
 that those who have given us even the
 meagre information that we have, do
 so at the sacrifice of their lives.
 THE SEVEN SLEEPERS.
 I he story of the Seven Sleepers is the
 most romantic of the legends of the
 church. It is as follows —When the
 Emperor Decius persecuted the Chris
 tians, seven noble youths of Ephesus
 concealed themselves in a spacious cav
 ero, on the side of an adjacent moun
 tain, w here they were doomed to perish
 by the tyrant, w ho gave orders that the
 entrance should be firmly secured by a
 pile of si »nes. They immediately fell
 into a deep which was most
 miraculously proloAll without injuring
 the powers of life Hjring a period of
 one hundred aud eighty-seven years.
At the end of that time, the eiaree of
 Adolus, to whom the inheritance of the
 mountain had descended, removed the
 stones to supply materials for some
 rustic edifice. Hie light of the sun
 darted into the cavern and the Seven
 Sleepers were pertnited to awake. Soon
 after rising from their sleep, which they
 thought had lasted only a few hours,
 they were pressed by the calls of hun
 ger, and resolved that Jamblicbus, one
 of their number, should secretly return
 to the city, to purchase bread for the
 use of himself and his companions. The
 youth, if we may still employ that ap- j
 pellation, could no longer recognise the
 once familiar aspect of his native coun
 try and his surprise was increased by
 the appearance of a large cross
 triumphantly erected over the principal
 gate of Ephesus. His singular dress j
 and obsolete language confounded the
 baker, to whom he offerd an ancient
 medal of Decius, as the current coin of,
 the empire; and Jamblicbus on the,
 suspicion of a secret treasure, was!
 dragged before the judge.—Their mu
 tual inquires produced the amazing dis
 covery, that two centuries were almost
 elapsed since Jambjichus and his friends
 bad escaped from the rage of a pagan
 tyrant. The Bishop of Ephesus, the
 clergy, the magistrate, the people and,
 it is said, the Emperor Theodosiusjhim
 self, hastened to visit the cavern of the I
 Seven Sleepers, who related their story, j
 bestowed their benediction, and at the
 same instant peaceably expired! —Mrs
 Jameson’s Poetry of Sacred and Legend
 ary Art.
THE INFLUENCE OF TRADE.
 As long as war lasts, the nobles, who
 must be soldiers, rule very well. But
 when peace comes, the nobles prove
 very whimsical and uncomfortabte mas
 ters; their frolics turn out to be very
 insulting and degrading to the com
 moner. Feudalism grew to be a ban
 dit and brigand. Meantime, trade (or
 the merchant and manufacturer) had
 i begun to appear; trade, a plant which
 always grows wherever there is peace.
 —The luxury and necessity of the
 noble fostered it. And as quickly as
 i men go to foreign ports in ships or
 caravans,a new order of things springs
 up; new ideas awake in their minds.
 New command takes new servants and
 new masters. Their information, their
 wealth, their correspondence, have
 made them quite other men than left
 their native shore. They are nobles
 now, and by ancient patent than the
 king’s. Feudalism had been good, had
 broken the power of kings, and had
 some very good traits of its own; but
 it had grown mischievous, it was time
 for it to die, and as they say of dying
 people all their faults corne out. Trade
 was the strong man that broke it down
 and raised a new and unknown power
 in its place. It is a new agent in the
 world, and one of very great function;
 it is a very intellectual force. This
 displaces physical force, and instals
 computation, science in its room. It
 calls out all force of a certain kind that
 slumbered in certain dynasties. It is
 now in the midst of its career. Our
 government partakes largely of that
 element. Trade goes to make the
 government insignificant, to bring every
 faculty of every individual that can in
 any way serve any person, on sale.—
 Instead of a large army and navy, and
 executive department, it tends to con
 vert Government into a bureau of!
 intelligence, an intelligence office,
 where every man may find what he
 wishes to buy, and expose what he has
 t© sell, not only produce and manufac
 tures, but art, skill, and intellectual
 and moral values. —The Young Ameri
 can, by R. 11. Emerson.
IMPORTANCE.
 The truly great are never pompou:
 —set that down as a rule. There is j
 decent dignity, a manly pride, whicl
 none should be without. But addle
 pated fellows, who pride themselves
 upon some little thing they have dont
 or are capable of, some small positior
 they hold, some expectancy which
 chance has given them, are apt to pu!
 on airs that sensible pride would scorn,
 as more like the clumsy flight of the
 hen, than the sweep of ail eagle. Nol
 one of our readers this day but can point
 out, offhand, ten examples of this sort;
 some to be sure, with the shadow of a
 reason for their highandmightiness; but
 the majority are mere bubbles.
 Why, we have know n of a reporter,
 who could not write two consecutive
 lines gramatically, but who once got
 out, forsooth, the best report of a large
 fire, and who, because his account
 was copied into several papers, for
 ever put on airs, and became the most
 offensively conceited fellow in tovm.
 Poor fellow! that one blast of praise
 was too much for him. The intoxica
 tion of applause, new' enough to him led
 him to a worse intoxication, and he is
 now not only iguorant and obscure,
 but a vain and hopeless sot. Let his
 fellow scribes take warning.
 We have known of another mao,
 whose brains were altogether in his
 heels—that is, he was what is termed a
 “magnificent” dancer. As soon as he
 fonnd it out, he cultivated mustaches
 and became princely in his apparel.
 Ever since that halcyon time, he has
 been good for nothing at his trade. He
 has felt important, and drinks whiskey
 punches. But out and alas! balls were
 his ruin and the sorrow of his tailors.
 Let spry young men beware of their
 heels.
 It is a painful task to strip even fo'als
 of their pretensions, and therefore we
 desist; though every time we come into
 contact with “big feeling” men, we
 shall be reminded of this chapter and
 perhaps be provoked into adding to it.
 To us, all important fellows are "mort
 intolerable and not to be endured.”
 We can see through them as easily as
 through our grandmother's spectacles
 —time spare their antique bows! We
 have nothing in common with calves of
 that breed. They smack too much of
 Corporal Nym. —Boston Museum.
 The former nurse of the Emperor of
 Russia is a Scotch woman, who many
 yeara ago went to St Petersburgh as a
 servant girl. She became a nursery
 maid in the Imperial family, and was
 placed near Nicholas to teach biin
 English. When the arrived at the
 throne, he gave hit children in charge j
 to her and promoted her to the rank of
 ft general, which she now holds.
3Vi&gt;ocrtiomicnto.
Important Far»*rB.
 Patent WVrl CWiintor ud Wire Grmaa
 A Plow. TV Farming Public err Vreby informed
 •hail Letters Parent hare bem taken oat br tV fW»-
 wnber for hi* rerent (mi improve—* a«a to the con
 struction and manofor’wr of FIVLPCrLTiv atoms
 ao itaprurpoarm greai to entirely rerofotiouit*
 the »te.Je system *»f forming, by redwing the expem*
 ow-helf or more. Whrrrvrr they hare been intro*
 duced, they bare met the decided approbation o*
 armere, a_» tlw&gt; following rertiterate* train the intcl
 »ge»t ami practical formers whose names are
 ttarbed. Hlmadaotiv show
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify that we, the Subscribers, have
 seen ami used the Patenr Wheel Cultivator, invented
 ATH V ll Shelliy, Orleans Co., New
 work, and believe it to hr, as a labor-saving ma
 chine, one „f the greatest improvements of the age.
 ny it, a farmer ran pot in from ten to fifteen acres
 nK rf w heat in a year, with the same amount of
 team labor; be ran also sow it ia much better order.
 «iia«ia thistles and other noxious weeds
 mav totally extirpated. Said marhine is so con
 structed that it ran be regulated to go any depth. liy
 means of screws on the upper part of the marhine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 omy jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly tl«e best machine ever invented for
 the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the I- .irmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother formers.
 James H. lied ley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedlev,
 a Gardner forrv. James P. Anderson,
 Shefc}-. Co., April 23, 1848.
 i i y e *n tjM? un&lt;!er *»P**d, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We ran with this Plow
 prepare w ith tw o horses, eight acres of fowl per day
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; ami the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 1&gt; ,0,0 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be folly appreciated, it must lie seen
 and used. No fanner who folly understands his
 interest will lie without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 CL _ NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. 1., where farmers are invited
 amine for themselves.
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by w hich they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers w ill find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 j)R&gt; SAGE PAN COST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of New s ami Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale bv us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 _ Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.'6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jv~J Booksellers and Publishers.
t BRITISH PERIODICAL
 1 LITERATURE.
 8
 j SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 s ARE LOW.
 f REPUBLICATION OF
 1 The London Quarterly Review, The
 7 Edinburgh Review, The North Rnt
 ish Revieiv, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 -1 zinc.
 i The above Periodical* are reprinteil in New York,
 3 immediately on their arrival bv the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 I Magazine, being an exact/ac-wW/c of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the lajndon Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 j view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 1 his death, lieing conducted by his son-in-law. Dr.
 i Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 PRICES FOR 1849, (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00

 Payments to be made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will V
 j sent to one address on payment of the regular sul
 1 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers ol
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets o(
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before anv
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscriber* we pay so large a consideration, that
 w e may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we i‘e|&gt;eut subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers.
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 -1 NUTTY AND TRUST COM PAW of Phila
 delphia. Chartered in 1836—Charter Perpetual;
 Capital, 8900,000 —Benjamin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurant on lives, grant
 annuities and endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate t-jdies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money in trust or on
 interest.
 'Fite Company add a Ixious at stated periods to
 the insurance for life, and on the 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842. amounting to 10 |*r cent, on the sum insured
 in policies i-sued in 1837; 74 per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 Ihe i bie; object of an insurance for tile is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the partv insur
 ed, k&gt;r the benefit of a widow, children, friend* or
 creditors; and it will he seen on examination of the
 table of rates of die life insurance, w hich will be
 furnished b&gt; the subscriber to ail who may feel an
 interest in the subject, that by paying a small sum to
 the office every year (Wing bis life, a person may se
 cure to hi* fitanfy a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
 W herever the system of Life Insurance is property
 understood, u is extensively adopted, and its great
 advantages to all, but more especially to those who
 depend on their own exert too* for the support of their
 bunilies, or who may he desirious to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money u» their friends, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might be oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs but to be explained to ensure the seri
 ous consideration of the public.
 In several instances it has happened that the parte
 insured has died shortly after having paid oulv one
 or two instalments of tW premium, when hi* taimls
 have received from this office the full (JL
 which he bail insured.
 Fell i Hibernation on this important subject anv be
 oUaumd by app»&gt;.og, or by fetter (pom
 paid) at the office erf the subscriber, the authorised
 agent of the Girard Life Insurance Contpanv.
 WILLIAM BAREWELL.
 Bake well’s Imw Buildings,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
 XlfM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad
 ’f Also an extoasive assartmeat of Crarau,
 Hosiery, G lures, lie
 Albany, Feb. 11, 1846
PROSPECTUS
 Aatrleai PkrfMtofkal inrul.
 O. rGWLER, EDITOR.
 T) «fcn» *nd penrct wwlw and oar race, is
 the most nthnl of x work*. Y et, to do thi* we
 mmt understand the Human ('oast notion. Thi*
 Phrenology, Physiology tad Vital Magnetwm etn
 hrwce.aaa eenre expound all the law* of our heing.
 conditions of happiness, and constitute the |»hile«»o
 -pber’a Hoar of l «iTer»ai Troth.
 phrenology
 Each number will contain either the analysis awl
 location of wane phrenological feculty, 1 1 kwi'rated by
 au Engraving, nr an artical oo their combmatiod*:
 and also the orgxnizatina and character of «ome dis
 tinguished personage, accompanied hr a likeness.
 PHTSIOEOOT
 Health I- Lite, The great inetraftirm of talent rir
 tne and happiness, all &lt;&gt;f which it augment*. To it*
 perwemtion and rastornt ion, special attention will be
 given.
 magnetism.
 With prnctial instruction, interesting fact*, and
 choice truth* which it unfolds, ill be presented in
 thi* Journal.
 POT NO MEN.
 .The blessing* they enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, and their preparation for conducting our insti- i
 tut imi*. will form the theme of a *crie* of article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Wlto doe* not long oarnestly, and woutl not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate Ms natural power*, and
 render himselt better and more happy! To such,
 each number w ill lie a prompter aud text-book.
 TERMi^—invartablv in advance—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAH.
 SAMPLE N"l MBERS of thi* Journal will lie
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
To receive attention, letters and order* nn:*t be
 POS r-PAID, and direrted to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
ATy ILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 v» Boots and Shoes, ,SO, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keep* constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis
KORTHAMPTOXJTATEK CUKE.
 Twr. and Ir y«lropathv.
 Hh public are respectfully informed, that since
 tlie philosophical deductions of the learned Dr
 Means, of Emorv College, Ga., and the!scientific
 experiments ot Mr- llcmmcr of England,* hnve
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanations
 Iroin the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 Symptoms aad character of disease—t lie re is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant ol
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the 1 tealing art, will cease their yociierations
 against die positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure:. I'luis sustained by the li«»hl
 I of science, the undersigned may l*e permitted here
 I to repeat his experience, that, .n all ruses where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of "water
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when the parts
 j of the liody alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 I state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 tor a cure.
 Hail not the results of past years’ practice
 I already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned h
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charactei
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, bv Professoi
 Means and Mr. llemincr, could not tail to convinci
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous!;
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Practi'
 tioncr, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure f&lt;
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned wil
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who mat
 j afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, bv hi';
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 1 he Northampton W ater Cure is pleasantly situ
 «ted near Bensonville, on the weal bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two anti a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress’-
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, foi
 abundance, purity, and adapteducss to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sijue and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, ti
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles withom
 lieing exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which ar»- Imre successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bowels
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis,fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, tw a pillow rases
 rix or eight crash towels, some wr!| worn linen, to
 eut for fomentations, an old cloak i mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are $5 50 to
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay #8 00 per week—on the first and second
 j floors, JjjB 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel
 or pav an extra price.
 r&gt;. kugglf.B.
 Northampton, Marck 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, f rom the
 j ast, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 [River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the lnnnnn system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within— «n excess generally pass
 is? off in silence from the cuticular surface, so mat
 cut of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hcmmer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 t ie presence of positive electricity This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pdisable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and tliat when, from any cause, is
 re diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 isSrgia, at die opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 hemi .try and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25 3
ATHOL HATER CTRE.
 i'THE SubMriher begs l*ave to call ike attention
 A Invalids, especially tliose suffering from
 ironic disease, to hut hydropathic establishment in
 .\	hol, Maits.
 Ili.s house w as opened for the reception of patient*
 l ist season, anti it is believed offer* excellent faeili.
 ties for a philosophic ami thorough course in liy«ir&lt;&gt;
 I athy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 i ur,&lt; y haa lieen pronounced equal to water on a
 j cistilied.” "I he location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. k M. radroad. The
 i ‘‘-.inity *l«md» in a variety of scenery, and has j
 i naruuug 'round* for walk* ami rambles. So (hat
 j with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can acarcely tail to obtain Uie
 i healthful results for which tliej labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 L., wife of Dea. 8., ol' Warwick, Mass., aged
 a-jout thirty-five years, was brought lo me last
 j -August. Her case presented llie following pheno.
 mena. If placed ia aa erect position, and left un
 supported, she forth* ith fell backward lo the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 w *lh, culler foot, when carried forward,
 despite her eSorts to the contrary, would cross the
 ofher. Hhe had been in this condition nearly a,
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Set* I
 jcid was continued to the itotb Ott. only, when she
 felt, an for recovered a* to be able t/» walk half a
 mile with ease. Brace her return to her famdv, she
 ha« en *»td law bath*, with correspoadkig im
 piuveateai to her health. She now attends to her l
 ajmeMic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 g'rt, dues the worfe of her (amity.
 Patients are desired to hug three comfortables
 one pair of woollen blanket*, one pair of sheets’
 h»lf doaea towels marked, with old Kaea tor*
 bandages.
 Terms, from fire to ten dollars per week, accord.
 ttcsssj
 AIW, Wrek, ISO. USOROS MOVT.
FOfERTf:
 ITS ILLEGAL CAERE* AlfD LEGAL
 CERE.
 T T tYSgIHJKR RFOOME*.
 I he Albany Patriot rail* it—** A ml pamphlet o
 «WLfT* Twr T remarkable prodncf**!
 1 U *1? V Mr. .Spooner
 woo -J ho realised by the foil adopt**, of his theory,
 wo do Dot here atop toooqoiro; W wo heartily rwo
 naond hi* ervirjvoe to the notice of all who fc&gt;ee
 transparent forcible diet ion— intrepid indepen fence
 original thowjht—nod entire freedom from the rant
 of sort or party. Asa j»d.eu.» wr*»or. ho ha* a do,*h
 a cptnpa**. far boyowi any one whose product**,,'
 havo mot our ovo in a Inn* time.**’
 Hunt’s Merchant's Magarmr *avs—“ 1#
 in bold and orieinal thought*. Thi- ,|feJ *3
 poverty are &lt;u,ted, and a nundwr of
 M LT H! hul »nrf «»n tho
 whole, wo fowidor it a w,-rk well w„rth _
 affording wit doe* many VHhiahfe h inU to theses
 man am! political ecoaoirii.t."’
 The Bangor Gazette *,iy “An able and coruin.
 I. original work, from the pen ofl.vimnder
 I**l—author ul that powerful U*,k which denx.n’
 Pirates the aneonstiuitionaiitv of American Shrew
 Thoro is no writer of the ago,of logic.,! acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,* This now yyork i«
 t »ed to lead to niT examination of all former »y,"
 ferns of political economy.” At first blush his r
 nomiral propositions strike us as sustainable— a,*)
 t‘iov arr so. hi* work w ill prevail, and prodtae
 important revolution in the present prevailing «v„
 tern.
 Every one should read it."
 P ,i Boston.
 Part I. Price 25 Cents.
 Hart’s Ifgfiablf Extract
 If the only remedy that can be relied on for the
 eriuauent cure of S| asmodic Contractions, Irrit i
 n» i, of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affect ions, Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Physical Fnci
 py, ami all Ncrveus Disordei s, intituling die most
 readftd of all diseases that idfeci the human race—
 r.jnlrjmy, or Fulimg Sklrcss.— Ilysteiical Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasm*, &amp;c It is weft known, that
 t oni time immemorial. Physicians haye pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable, 'it has Imftled all their
 skill, ami the Imustcd power of all medicine, ami
 i (insrtjui ntly thousands nave suffered through a mi»-
 erablcexisteiiee, and at last yielded tip their lives on
 the Altar of Insanity.— The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saving
 that it ran be cured. He would, therefore, re spect
 fully invite physicians, and all others who are inter*
 -ted, to t \ami ie the testimony which is here ofered.
 If it is deception, let it be exposed hut if it j,
 l ee, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 le said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Extract. —For sixteen years
 i is been tested by many persons v,h&lt;&gt; have suffered
 with this dreadful disease, and in every ease where
 it lias had a fair trial, has effected 'a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Dcnslou of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted with Kits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 t ie Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradev, 115 Orchard street, New- York,
 states that she has Icen subject to Fits for many
 years, and lias lieen restored to perfect health (after
 I every other means had failed) by the use of the
 ogetable Extract.
 i Or. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Bussell co.,
 j 1 diama, who is one of the lest Physicians in the
 j ‘&gt;ite, says that he has been much bene fit ted by the
 Itse of the Vegetable Extract, and that It unhesitat
 i giy picsciihes it in every case of Kpilepsv which
 comes under his knowledge.
 urtis G. Mayberry, Esip, formerly Postmaster
 j Et I.iiue Mills, f raw turd Co., I’a., now living in
 l'rie Co., Pa., states that for many past in
 i has been sorely afflicted with Fits, 'ami he is now
 I appy to state'that a persevering use of Dr. Han's
 egetable Extract, has restated him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that worst qf all diseases'
 Judge Randall, N. luff Heniy street, New York!
 laving used the Vegetable Extract successfully
 his family, highly recommends it to nil persons "tvlio
 I are afflicted with Fits.
 Stephen L. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, New Yoik, states t| litt
 Mr. has, il. Houghton, a member of his family has
 I been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits fi r
 I many years, that he was obliged to relinquish hi*
 business. Having used I)r. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 t.act (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 1 perfect health, and left this city for the State oi
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. .Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Cliurcn,
 I Spots wood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted*
 j v ith Epileptic F’its tor more than Ibrty years, states
 1 that lie has used Dr. Hart’s V egetable Extract, and
 his health has been so much improved that he hopes
 I by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Ejnhptt Fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 j months, cured by the iise oi this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remuikablc case of the son o|
 V»’ui. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 I pileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 n any and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medic ine, medical
 I treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in .November last., with
 |out receiving any licnelit whatever, anti was cured
 by using Hart's Yrgrtable Extract. —l have si ent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance.. I was advised to take a tour to Fu
 r&lt; pe with him which I did. I first visited Emdand
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his ease; they examined him and prescri
 b'd accordingly, i remained there three moiuhs
 without perceiving any change for the latter, which
 ci st me about two'lmndred and fifty dollars, j otk
 e.ed by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that im son’s case was hoi eU« u
 and POSmVELY INCURABLE. I accordingK
 leu England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 a;«l b ranee, and returned home i n the month ol
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 a when I h*lt, I saw your tulvcltisemcnt in one of
 the New utk papers, and concluded to try Hurt’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 cr itihcalca of so many cures, tome of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
 s. rry I did so, as by the use of Hart's Vegetable
 Extract alone lie yras restored to PERFECT
 H LALI H. His leasou, witich was so far gone a* to
 unfit biiii for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now liefore him of file, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 year* of age, and 27 rears 6
 months of this time lias lieen afflicted w itli this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall f*&gt; ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as 1 here enclose you one hundred dohars,
 I have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The i!&gt; bt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept this amount a.- interest
 on the debt in advance.
 't very respectfully,
 (signet!) WILLIAM BECORE.
 TESTIMONY PON TESTIMONY
 In refereme to tlie almost miraculous efficacy ol
 this truly wondertu medicine, ,ea«i the following
 letter from Dr. L. Mormue, of Guillirrd, Ohio,
 one of die naist eminent physicians in that place:
 Guiitord, Ohio, August 17, lMd«.
 Broda-r laborer in tlie cause of humanity—Dear
 sir: Iris yvitb no small degree of pleasure lliat 1
 ain enabled to announce to y.ai the complete muroph
 of your invaluable metiir ita-m cum* of Epilepsy.
 have prescribed it in four instance.- in this vicinity,
 and it has been highly successful m all. Three o
 the patients, I tiu.-t, have Is-# ,i ratiicaily cured.
 The fourth one is rapitlly imnroving, ,u«*j Hill
 tiiiak without doubt recover. 1 am not in tlie habit
 of prescribing or tcci lumenthug patent medicines
 fait when I see an article winch promises so much
 lor the relief of will*img humanity, I fi-el my duty
 to recotnuicisl it, and I Jiave no h# -itati Jn
 ing lliat as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
 woth tlie real merit of your medicine, thiry yyiff
 close their eyes against jneyu.lite and bend vo»i a
 helping tiaiwl.
 I mJjscribe myself yours, sincerely,
 (.Sigimtl] W. L. MONROE, M. D
 To l&gt;r. S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DIRT ANT
 Uhen dsHwands wk, are now utsler
 the hand of this ..readful disease, ami fearing dial
 every attack may prove fetal, will fi.sl peruinent
 ZCLZi tZT' to Ufc
 O\ER ONE 1 liOl RAND CERTIFICATES
 Have been received in UrMirmaiv of the Benefend
 IZ of Dr. Hart’s l^u
 (p- Prepared by R. HART, M. D New York.
 S”®s* P®***?- uu
 Do four package 00
 Do eight package. go 00
 TN*. h wefelty jiacked u t in Imxe* for trans
 povtatKjn, and send to anv part of the Fluted
 itrx c&lt;J "“i Met Indie#.
 rHOMAI A MHj!?, h» aill i4WrI( ti*
 ctßaati, Ohm, (ieneral Agents for the b ulled
 *o whom all OdUßiumcations must be ad
 dressed Post Paid.
 P* #nt l* burner of Fulton ami W iliitun Bt.
 New loth.
 S' Hsun S P*” s Rochester,
 E. HoUk%», 217 Main street Buffalo,
 H*ykird, Agents for Cleveland Ohio,
 KiilUiume, (iuitunUii,
 J-G 4 (1. H Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 ytm. Cum. ing bam, MiUwaukie \Vi».
 J. R Reed, ami Co., Clucaito Hi.
 Doct. T. Mason, Dubuque lowa.
 H. Blacksfey, and Co., Ml. Lmu Mo.
 Aral ferhale by most of the principal Ur^[gists,
 thtwagbout dm A nited -States.
 THOMAS It MILLS, 169 Main street,
 **p- SB—lf! Ct!)otfl«l4t.Ofel«s
"
