"t KICK U JIULAM, i
 M. K. in.I.ANV,
VOL 11. NO. 16.
Ta* NO.IIM ST AH i* published erery
 Fri lay. at 2», Tla I il&lt;» Street,!
 (ItypMtr ihf A'ft'i*
 TERMS.
 T m 'lo*lirs »&gt;"r nnnit n. f m &gt;n
 «mW itvion will I* reeeived f r a term :ha«
 six n
 D-rti«&gt;n~tt« n &gt;t exr** In 2 p
 t'.TM- li n•« f„ I.IUr: rr^m"*ri«'«*« k
 lion, tare tty-five rv
 |*i| V ,fthe &gt;N. I K **l \K will t*att«&gt;
 *•1. »r*if in -«ll it* f*r u- a -l' **''l
 I mv»:rs%i. f. uvriMr r ‘U To?* itt-ulu*
 „f c ,ur VI ißtt.ttr; P n *t-th-i m.ral ail
 14-t,,! -it of tie Color n&gt; I’lopr.r:
 rrnl .urn !*v .f FT-ED T ,f F
 Miu.io« of «ir Rt«, on. Fntotr Coc*-i
 tiirrri.
 IT BUSTIER'S NO TICKS.
 ',-y- VI r innHi’i irw reining l&gt; tV A«,inr«*
 ’t &lt;it’ tV* pine-', n n of -ii'xr i’* x. re mt
 t h!io il.l I*- klrraawl to John Dick,
 t nVi-ior.
 ,yj- Vr,-,!., an I all others sending na no, are
 ~ne*ted t lie arc ir it.-, an I oiv.* tl*- OJi e,
 ii,o I'wtly, an I t -S' Kn U Subscribe IS inl
 ine liately rr .i tt-! f&gt;r&lt;n wy receive I.
 yj. ,y p r« &gt;u -riling in the payment it f.ur
 ■•iWr'ibem, to lie fht warded to on** aldrcss, may
 hare fifth e«&gt; jy f »r one year.
 All I tt- f-rt and r mvnmiicatio!i.« most I** I***® 1
 paid.
 OF AGENTS.
 M tsssciiesKTrs. —R. F. Walciii,2l, Coniliill,
 B moo; N ,t w J .1, mi, New B If t.I; II .ratio
 Fort r, l/.vvll; Jan- B itfn n, Kynn; George
 Evans, \V .rccster Bourne S|v»on*r, I Ivnnmtli,
 riMrltM 11. S-t‘i, S ,ri .g:iel l David Boggles,
 N Ti'ia nplon; 11. Carpeiter, I pt'.'i.
 Mvinr:.—Oliver l»-n*»t, Portlml.
 ViaotoNT. —R via 1 I’- R tlunson, Noitli Tcr
 "fovs r r TicrT.-l mthai. K-nnanl, New Haven
 wII ups 'UK K. —W -Mrc r.tppa*i, Braif»&gt;ri.
 New \'.&gt;kv. —Sy l&lt;i'*v IK Gav, 112, Nassau
 rs 'l'Cn ip S nit'i, R 3, West Br .a Iway;
 J ix&lt;"i i' I’ e', W -s’li'irv, *ln -en (‘on it v; Mary liar
 1, r V'n iv; Elias D .tv, Mncelon; Willetts K**osp,
 rii, Cli itini Conntv; William S. Baltimore, Tr-iv;
 I I'.' itt, Bean Van; J. Je.Trev. Geneva; F.. L.
 I»l it?, B itli.
 H-tot.i I St. AND. \innranev l nine, I roTinenre.
 ynnsvt. v s i —.l. M. M’Kioi, 31, Nortli T ift.li
 Street, I’mta I -Ipliia; G. W. Goines Exeltange
 |»la e, &lt;&gt;i?io; B. Bo.vn.l’ittslmrgli; 'Vrn. W !np;ior,
 C ,!,,.In liic II *rts, J uv.li G. I’avn, Norris
 town, M intgiincry Comity, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. 'liri-tiaa 1&gt; mal ison, Cinnnnati; 'yit
 soo an I Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Niehols-m, liar
 ve\® •’ir&gt;a, V.irrcn Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 MlOtltn vH.—'loliert Banks, Detroit.
 —Joel I*. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
AMERICAN SLAVERY.
 Tli.u wli'u li is morally wrong can never be po
 litically right. —tos.
 We injst try the character of Slavery
 and duly in regard to i as we should
 try any other question of character and
 dit y. To judge justlv of the character
 of i ivthing, we must know what it d o*s.
 Tn' tc'iich iigiol, djesgood; llwt which
 ii evil, ceil; Aid as to duty. G &gt;d’s de
 si&gt;r is indicate Ins claims. That winch,
 accomplishes the manifest design ol
 G&gt;d, is right; that which counteracts
 it. is wrong. Whatever, in its proper
 te idency and general etlect, produces,
 secures or extends human welfare, is
 according to the will of G id, and is
 g »d; and our duty is, to favor and pro
 in ite, according to our power, that
 woich God lavors and promotes by the
 geucial law of his Providence. On the
 other hand, whatever in its proper ten
 dency and general effect, destroys,
 abridges, or renders insecure human
 welfare, is opposed to God’s will, and is
 evil. And as whatever accords with
 the will of G id., in anv manifestation of
 it, should be d me and persisted in, so
 whatever opposes that will should not
 be done, and, if done should be aban
 doned.
 Can that, then, be right, be well
 d ,'mg—can that obey God's behests,
 which hi.ikes a man a slave ■—which
 d 10ms him a id all hi-* posterity, in lim
 itless generations, t bondage i to un
 requited toil, through liter—to the will
 of a despot,—with n&gt; purpose of hi-t
 own, and only an »ther s to ruie his des
 tiny, from the cradle to the grayer
 wnich makes fear the great m hive ol
 his lifer—which forbids his interest in
 property, of every kind, making the
 hope of t i-morrow no object of to-day;
 or, if an object at all, one that the feat
 of’another’s arbitrary and capricious
 will makes next to none ?—which allows
 him no country in whoso government
 he can hope tor protection—none whose
 g ivermmmt as judicially construed is not
 his sworn foer —which denies him in
 childhood, manh »od, and old age, a
 voluntary h me, and whatever that lull
 w ird mip .rtsr—vhich cuts liiin ofi from
 parentage at his birth?—which robs him
 of the fixed necessities of his social na
 ture, abrog iting Join slic relations, and
 forbidding the comfort and solace of a
 wife or children, whatever mav betide
 him in this rugged world —which makes
 the body liable, with »ut distinction ol
 sex, to the resistess.l questionless inflic
 tions of a master’s or overseer’s whim*
 and cultivated passions! which famishes
 the s ml, seeking to keep the mind cvei
 vacant of its proper nourishment, and t.
 hold its unmanned possess »r but a step,
 the shortest possible, from the brute?—
 whie i takes from him the commonesl
 in itivc to virtue, and rears oil the wnole
 fou nl in in of his nature, urgent and
 lasting incentives to vice?—this makes
 bnn suspected by, and suspicious ol
 hose for whom he is daily dr ven to toil,
 oml on wh .in, f,,r bis coarse allowance
 at provender, be every duv dependsr—
 w ii b te npts bun to prowling stealth,
 anlt pilfer, as a virtue, wnen not de
 tected, from Ins master’s store, the
 earnings of hts own unpaid toil?—this
 unites bun to acquire the longed-for
 boon ol treed. nil, by venturing through
 the most merciless d ingers, or to vin
 dicate bis right to it by the broadest
 seul 'of blood?—which represses the
 upward aspirings of Ins nature for im
 m irtality, making a sensual world the
 sphere and boundary of ins vision?
 which keeps from bis hands the Word
 of Life, yields to him a reluctant tiueer
 ain, unspiritual Sabbath, and aH but
 eavei him without hop* and without
 God in the world
THE NORTH STAR.
Can that ruined,empty condition, 01
 the liability to such ruin and vacuity,
 by arbitrary power of a fellow mortal,
 be right and good —the manifest desigr
 of G *d in the formation and endowment
 of a man, a being not only mortal, bul
 immortal? Can that be right anc
 good, be true to God and just to man
 which, for no crime against Heaven
 no offence to earth but the helpless
 unmoral color of the skin—perhaps ar
 shade—dooms a single
 indiridual of our species to such a com
 bination of outrages on his being?
 which lakes even one brother of our fa
 nily to lop and scar, to kill and bury
 his manhood? —which defacing the im
 u re wherein he was created, sinks him
 is near brutality as can make him tha
 contradiction to nature, a profitable,
 contented slave—and then proves, by
 the depth of his forced degradation, his
 incapacity to he a man his doom ol
 G &gt;d to be a slave!
 And if such ruin, or the exposure to
 such ruin of hut one man, of but one
 brother, is displeasing to God, then
 h »w wrong, how offensive to Heaven
 must be that system which so crushes
 millions of human beings at once, and
 multiplies its millions of victims along
 the track of ages! What words can
 tell the inhumanity, the atrocity of tlwt
 doctrine, which from exalted office,
 commends such a crime to the favor of
 Christian nations, as the deliberate
 counsel and practical wi-»d&gt;m of a great
 and enlightened Christian republic!
 What indignation from all the world i*
 not due to the government that puts forth
 its strength to pr »tect and extend such
 barbarity! Nature abhors it; the age
 repels it; and Christianity needs all the
 meekness to forgive it.
 But he who makes man his victim
 sacrifices himself. Our present sub
 ject caun 1 dispute this axiom. We
 must, then, look for the character ol
 Slavery and the will of God respecting
 it, beyond, as well as within, itself.
 If that which works evil to the Slave,
 \v &gt;rks evil to the master also, then are
 there two witnesses cited bv Providence
 to testify against it, and establish its de
 linquency. Keeping in memory, then,
 the injury done to the Slave, let us now
 examine that which it inflicts on the
 master, and decide whether that sys
 tem accords with the will of God, which
 works evil to all concerned.
 Can, then, that system be good for
 him who is concerned in it, and there
 fore wisely allowed, cherished, and en
 larged, which, giving nearly unlimited
 responsibile power over a fellow man,
 body and soul, for life, makes it neces
 sary, foe him who is so concerned, to
 he educated to its strenuous necessities
 to its imperious use, and stern excision
 of sympathy? which, to maintain an ad
 verse relation, and make it either pro
 fitable or safe, compels him to exact by
 fear as its main-spring what would
 neither he done or begun.
 Can that system, parcel or part, be
 good for him wli *uses it, which coere
 ing labor and taking away its proper
 stimulus, makes it shiftless and thrift
 less, unprogressive in its meagre skill,
 and without motive or tendency to im
 provement by him who yields his sweat
 for another’s bread?—Can that system
 help him who relies upon it, which tends
 to his own inaction from want of motive
 to effort, and which for the security of
 Slavery by the degradation of the
 Slave, makes even the most needtul in
 dustry disreputable except for a slave,
 and thus offers the tempting bounty ot
 honor to idleness?—can that system be
 fraught with blessings, or be less than
 j a grievous curse, to its dependent,
 i which while it abridges industry and
 her rich rewards, not less abridges
 mind, the richest capital of man? which
 makes general education so difficult as
 to lie next to impossible and practically
 hopeless? which, by the mighty impor
 tance of idleness and ignorance, seals
 up vast resources of nature, stints the
 useful and the liberal arts, locks up
 navigation aud commerce with the rigor
 of a ceaseless blockade, and thus
 brands its own forehead w'ith the deep
 impress of sin, while pertinaciously
 unconscious of the guilt? Can that
 system ask the smile of Heaven or
 man, which most unkindly frowns on
 the very earth God made good for man.'
 —that system which, in addition to the
 other evil it does and the other good it
 b »th hinders and destroys, sett es down
 on a soil ma !e exuhirmt by agesot fer
 tilization, and with tapid zeal convert?
 it to be a desola'e waste, compelling its
 owner to forsake it for »us life, tn »ugh,
 before Slavery had wrought it sterile,
 it bloomed and teemed with the assur
 ance of perpetual plenty? Can that
 fulfil the law of God and claim the re
 ward of well doing, which, abrogating
 chastity in the Slave, it invites impurity
 in the master, a id records the fact in
 the faces of s.» many of his own progeny
 doomed for the mother’s sint to Slavery
 !in all their generations? Can that be
 Heaven’s gifl and man’s gain, which
 not onlv hinders property, but renders
 every species of it insecure?—which
 perils life, and most breeds danger
 where safety i* m »st coveted?—which
 when it lies down to sleep on its lordly
 couch, invokes the protection of the
 pistol and the bowie knife?—which
 guards the city from midnight fire by a
 military patrole and which makes one
 half of ail the people safe, if safe at all,
 only by keeping the one part armed
 and the other weaponless, lest the im
 patient spirit ol liliery as&gt;ert its fixed
 perogative by the terrors of indiscrimi
 nate slaughter. Rer George Jllcn.
 Calvin's Cm.sen at Geneva.— A travel
 ler in Switzerland wrnes from Geneva,“That
 the old Gothic Church were Calvin preached
 t|,e very sound boards which re-echoed the
 discussion of the Catholic monks with the
 Hi dormers—i* *ull» a ur«en old age. It is
 now the principal church in Geneva, and
 twelve paste* of the cuy officiate in its pulpit
 by turns.”
right is of no sex—truth is of no color— god is the father of us all, and all we are brethren.
THE FREE CHURCH OF SCOT
 |P SEND B\Cfc THE MOVET
 A public meeting was held in the
 Large Room, Broadraead, at Bristol,
 some time since, f or the
 ij purpSe of receiving from the Free
 j Church in Scotland, important infor
 mation bearing on the sufferings of
 large bodies of Christian people in
 Scotland, arising out of the refusal b)
 several large landed proprietors to grant
 sites for the building of places of wor
 ship.’ The attendance was but thin at
 first, but the body of the large hall
 afterwards became filled. On the plat
 form with the deputation were the Rev.
 Messrs. Roper, Crisp, G. H. Davis,
 and Ham.
 The Rev. Mr. Crisp having engaged
 in prayer, the Rev. H. 1. Roper took
 the chair. In the course of the pro
 ceedings—
 Mr. R. Norris came forward to ad
 i dress the meeting.
 The Chairman inquired if he in
 tended speaking to the resolution.
 Mr. Norris said he did, and com
 menced by expressing his sympathy
 with the general objects of the meeting
 He should have been glad if less had
 been said about toloration,’ because
 he did not hold that any government
 could tolerate in him that which was
 his inalienable right (cheers.) He also
 thought that if there must: be a bill, it
 should provide not only tor evangelical
 Christians, but should recognise the
 equal rights of conscience for all de-
 J nominations, whether Jews, Mohamme
 dans, or Pagans. He should, too,
 have liked to have heard a little more
 determination expressed to go to the
 root of the evil, by opposing the in
 famous laws of primogeniture and
 entail. After some further observations,
 Mr. N. went on to remark, that it it
 should be found that the Free Church
 had, in an evil hour, sanctioned one of
 1 the most gigantic systems of wicked
 ness ever known; if it should he found
 that it had sent out a deputation from
 Scotland to the slave States of America,
 and there, in despite of the warnings
 from the abolitionists, given the right
 hand of its fellowship to avowed slave
 holders, and made collections in
 churches in which slavery was upheld;
 I if it should turn out that there could be
 no doubt that this was a fact, and that
 the Free Chur h had been guilty of
 this grievous error, then it would be
 come that meeting—though it might
 fully and deeply sympathise with it on
 account of the suffering it had under
 gone, and though it might give to the
 Free Church the full meed of praise
 for the noble sacrifices it had made of
 wealth and of influence—it would, lie
 repeated, become them, remembering
 the lessons taught them by Frederick
 Douglass (cheers,) remembering, too,
 the horrible character of slavery itself,
 and the known fact that, but for the
 countenance given to it hy professing
 Christians, slavery could not endure;
 to show' themselves «honest in their
 principles, hy declaring that, while they
 sympathised with the Free Church in
 her trouble, they also sympathised with
 the millions of their fellow-creatures in
 slavery (cheers.) He called upon them
 honestly to* express their convictions
 that, in that respect, the Free Church
 had failed in her duty; to warn her to
 withdraw herself from that iniquity,
 and to send back the money (cheers
 I —the £3OOO, which was the price of
 I human blood an l human wrong (1 &gt;ud
 i cheers.) Mr. Norris proposed that the
 following w ords be added to the resolu
 j tion:—
 That while we thus express our
 sympathy with the Free Church, we
 feel it to be our duty earnestly to pro
 test against the conduct of that body in
 regard to American slavery, and es
 pecially in soliciting and receiving con
 tributions of slaveholders for its support;
 and t hat we respectfully advise the Fret
 Church to send back the money thus
 procured, and no longer to give an}
 sanction to stem so abhorrent to th&lt;
 spirit of the Christian religion.’
 1 This need not at all decrease theii
 expression «&gt;f sympathy for the suffer
 i ings of the Free Church, w hile it wouh
 express their feelings in regard to tin
 wrongs of their fellow-beings who wen
 1 suffering in slavery. He hoped he ha&lt;
 said nothing unnecessarily offensive
 he had discharged his conscience, am
 ihe meeting must deal with thequestioi
 i according to its sense of truth and jus
 tice (cheers.)
 Mr. H. C. Howells having secoudei
 the amendment,
 Toe Rev. G. H. Davis said he fel
 himself placed in an extraordinary posi
 I lion—sympathising ino&gt;t deeply wil
 his black brethren across the water
 feeling that, in season, he would like n
 say and d all he could for th in; feel
 ing, too, that he should be grieved a
 anv thing which might seem in any waj
 to countenance that most imquitoui
 I system, yet he fell called upon to op
 pose a course which he feared wouh
 lead away their sympathies from th&lt;
 object of the meeting Let them lo&lt;*l
 at the Christian people of Scotland, am
 aee them standing upon the cold, we
 sands, afraid to come above highwater
 mark, and exposing themselves to tbi
 storms of the At'antic, and let them asl
 themselves, should such things be; am
 then, if they had any lear tnai, thmugl
 a division of tbeir sympathies, sucl
 things would continue to be, let then
 be cautious how they did any thing t&lt;
 create such divisio n He questione&lt;
 the w isdom, although he recognised th&lt;
 nobility of the amendment of his excel
 lent friend, Mr. Norris. H$ did no
 know aRy one that would so rejoice a
 any division as the Duke of Buccleugt
 and his followers, and he did hope the
 it might be avoided. He felt as heart)
 a detestation ot slavery as any man
 and be agreed that the Free Cbuicl
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 13. 1849.
had not acted quite well in that matter
 (a voice, Let them send back the mo
 ney’); but he thought it would be un
 wise to depart from the special object
 of the meeting, whictt was to bring
 public opinion to bear on those in high
 places (cheers and hisses.) Mr. Davis
 went onto argue in this strain, occa-
 J sionaliy interrupted by some slight
 hissing: and he concluded by reminding
 the disaffected, that every serpent that
 crawled could hiss, and advising them
 to express their sentiments in a less
 serpentine manner.
 Dr. Begg, before the resolution was
 put, begged to say a few words. They
 were coine there for the purpose of con
 sidering a particular point, upon which,
 I as far as he could understand, they
 were all agreed; but a new point had
 I been introduced, upon which, as he un
 j derstood it, they could not agree. He
 I must, in honesty, tell them that he did
 not agree, and unless he got new light,
 |he could not agree. In respect to the
 iniquity of slavery, he went all the way
 j with them (bear.) He held it to be an
 i abomination, wholly irreconcilable with
 every principle of reason and scripture
 (cheers); but then the mode of dealing
 with slavery and the slave trade was
 altogether another matter. Let them
 look back to the time when they had
 slavery in their own colonies; did they
 excommunicate men because they were
 connected with it? Did tney pledge
 themselves to reject all produce which
 had had connection with slavery, or
 did they do so now, except as far as it
 concerned the Free Church? Was
 J there a man who wore a cotton shirt,
 or who took a pinch of snuff, or a whit)
 of tobacco, who did not know it was
 j connected with slavery; and was there
 a man who refused the use ot those
 articles because of that connection?
 (hear.) He had travelled through the
 United States, and the system of slave
 ry existed in vari &gt;us parts, and was
 j ramified through all parts, and yet,
 would it he denied, that in that couutry
 there were many noble Christian peo
 ple? If they were to proceed upon the
 i system now promulgated; if they were
 to ask and examine every man to see if
 he had any til ng to do with that sys
 tem; if they were to trace the genealo
 gy of every dollar, and reject all which
 had been in any way connected with
 slavery, he w uld defy any man to go
 through America (applause and hisses.)
 Ifthey were to put a man to every
 chapel door to scrutinize every shil
 ling, how could the thing work? The
 point introduced was one upon which,
 they must allow the Free Church to
 differ till they had better light, for no
 man could say that the question was so
 simple, so free from difficulty and doabt,
 as at first might appear. He hoped
 there would he no want of unity, be
 cause they could not quite agree upon
 the question of which was the best way
 to overthrow slavery, hut, however
 much he valued the good opinion of
 others, he had made too many sacrifices
 for the sake of the truth to he driven
 into a course he could not approve.
 The church in Scotland had testified to
 the churches in America, that they
 were guiitv of a great dereliction of
 duty in not using their most strennous
 efforts to put down the abominable sys
 tem, and they hoped that it would soon
 have an end. The reverend doctor
 concluded by reminding the meeting
 that the non-conformists of the three
 kingdoms stood in a most perilous posi
 tion, and that there never was a period
 when there was greater need of a com
 plete union.
 Mr. Crighton admitted that the posi
 tion of the southern States of America
 was a most equivocal one, and that,
 after the remonstrances of the Free
 Church, they stood in a different posi
 tion from that which they held when
 the deputation was sent out. He had
 in his heart as great an abomination of
 slavery as anyone; hut he differed as
 to the best mode of abolishing it, and
 believed that the extreme abolitionists
 had taken an injudicious course, and
 that they kept Lack the good work. He
 gave Mr. Norris all credit for good in
 tention, hut he questioned the policy ol
 his proceeding, which he considered
 powerfully calculated to strengthen the
 course taken by the Duke of Buccleugh
 and their persecutors in Scotland (hear
 and no.)
 Mr. Norris came forward to reply,
 but was interrupted by the Chairman,
 and by mingled applause and cries ol
 ‘sit down.’
 The Chairman said, when he asked
 Mr. Norris if hi* speech referred to the
 motion which had been read, he replied
 that it did. He (the Chau man) did
 not consider the introduction of a totally
 re w topic into the bu-iness of the even
 ing a fair carrying out of the statement
 which Mr. Norris then made (applause
 and disapprobation.) Had he been
 aware that a new topic was to have
 been introduced, he should have re
 signed the chair, and for this reason—
 that he did not cousider it right, gener
 ous, or just, where a meeting had been
 called for a si»ecific object, to introduce
 some other object (cheers and oh.) He
 b, gged to enter his protest against a
 practice which, not right in itself, had
 of late made public meetings a by
 word and an object of repnmeh. They
 would «ive up one of the strongholds
 of their liberty, and would be allowing
 the platform of public meetings to slide
 from under the.r feet if they allowed
 to be introduced for discussion
 different from those for which the meet
 ing were held; and be must repent
 th?t had he been aware that Mr. Noma
 was not goin* to speak to the resolu
 tion he should Lave designed the chair.
 The course taken had altogether weak
 ened the influence of the meeting; and
 what roust be iu effect upon the depu
 tation? They were men like them
 selves, with feelings end paseions
I capable of being raised or depressed,
 and would they be likely, after what
 had taken place, to go ‘forth encou
 raged or discouragedr (bear, and ‘Let
 them send back the money.’) The
 mischief would not merely lie in what
 would appear in the public papers, but
 it would be more deeply seated; it would
 weigh down the hearts of those who
 were required to go forth as the cham
 pions of religious freedom. He con
 sidered that Mr. Norris had done wrong,
 and whether he should be heard again
 must be determined by the meeting.
 The Chairman then put it to the
 meeting whether Mr. Norris should be
 again heard, add the show of hands
 numbered about three to one against
 hearing him.
 Mr. Norris, amidst some interrup
 tion, called upon the press to record his
 protest against the chairmanship of that
 night.
 The amendment was than put, and
 having been rejected by about the same
 majority as on the previous division,
 the original motion was adopted.
 A collection was then made, but we
 are informed that only £3 7s. was
 raised.
 EXTRACTS
 From a pamphlet entitled, libena—the Condition and
 Prospects o) that Republic, made from actual ob
 servation. By EidirS.S.Bul.
 The climate of the Country. —At the
 time of my arrival, it was early in the
 rainy season, or African winter, which
 commences about the latter part of the
 month of April, and lasts about six
 months. I did not find the weather so
 hot there, as I have felt it in the States
 at the same season. The thermometor
 stood generally at 80deg., and there
 were constantly fine sea and land
 breezes blowing; but notwithstanding it
 did not seem so hot there, as we often
 feel it here. The sun seemed to have
 a different effect upon a person there,
 to what it has in this country. Jt is re
 garded dangerous for any one to walk
 out without an umbrella over him, from
 nine o’clock in the morning until four
 o’clock in the afternoon. This, I sup
 pose, is owing to the situation of Li
 beria, as it lies in C deg. Iff min.,
 North latitude. I was told by some of
 its citizens that the thermometor never
 stands higher than 93 deg. in the driest
 or summer season, but averages about
 86 deg. the summer through. The
 rains there, during the whiter season,
 are not so incessant as wholly to pre
 vent its inhabitants from attending to
 business. It is seldom, iam told, that
 a person cannot work half a day dur
 ing the rainy season. As to tne dis
 eases of the country, I do not think
 them so complicated and various as in
 our own country. With regard to the
 African fever, it is a disease that is not
 considered very dangerous, where the
 patient can have proper medical attend
 ance, comfortable lodgings, nursing,
 and nourishment; but where this cannot
 be had, it is regarded as a most malig
 nant disease. As to other diseases, I
 believe that colds are the most that the
 people suffer with.
 Soil. —l take the Iftnds in Mos
 surado county, s a fair sp c men of the
 lands throughout the Republic, except
 in Grand Rassa county, which I think
 is better for coffee. The following
 description I think essentially correct,
 though some of it seems to me rather
 highly drawn. It is in the languaage
 of a distinguished, resident—the Rev.
 Hilary Teage. “The soil where Mon
 rovia is situated, is sterile, comprised
 principally of detritus, and the remains
 of decaved vegetable matter. This
 1 soil is very shallow, and rests on a sub
 stratum of solid rock. The Cape,
 therefore, is not at all adapted to agri
 cultural pursuits. Leaving this, and
 proceeding up St. Paul’s river, you
 come to soil on either side of the river,
 (to the distance 1 have traveled, about
 fifteen miles,) as fertile, and as fat and
 productive, as any to be found on the
 face of the earth. Ido not mean to say
 that there are no barren spots or
 marshes. These are to be found in all
 other countries. But I take a general
 view of the whole face of the country.
 Reflection upon one fact will attest the
 truth of what Isay. The whole face
 of the country is covered with a dense
 forest. Nature here robes herself in
 her mantle of green twice every year.
 Of *ourse, the earth must, twice each
 year, groan under the burden of leaves,
 and other vegetable substances, which
 these semi-annual falls impose upon it.
 1 These, under the action of heavy dews
 by night, and heat by day, are soon de
 composed, and return a large contri
 bution to feed the soil.”
 Agricultural tmpr&amp;reme*/*.—As to the
 improvement in Agriculture, it is as far
 as could reasonably be expected, under
 the same circumstances. It must be
 recollected, however, that there are no
 horses, asses, mules or oxen, at work
 there. All the fanning operations are
 carried on with the hoe and such like
 implements. I saw but one horse in all
 the Republic, and he was a mere skel
 i eton. The experiment has been tried
 of importing homes from the interior
 and the Windward, and the United
 States; and they have all died in going
 through the acclimation; but I was in
 formed by Gen. Lewis, that they were
 about getting a horse from the Leeward,
 that would stand their climate. As to
 cows, sheep, goats, and hogs, they
 could have them io abundance, if more
 attention was paid to that branch of
 husbandry.
 Production*. —These farm* as a gen
 eral thing, were producing in abun
 dance all the vegetable and fruits iodi
 itenuoui to that country; such as rice,
 Indian corn, cassada, sweet potatoes,
 cabbage, beans, pumpkins, tomatoes,
 cucumbers, melons of different kinds,
 arrow root, pepper, sugar cane, and
 cotton. All of these require cultivation.
U! r ruits there are the orange, sou*
 sops, paw paw, mango, plumb, pm*
 I apples and cocoa not*. These also re
 quire cultivation. The coffee grow
 j fine there, and yields abundantly and o
 a very fine quality. The palui trr«
 j grows spontaneously, out of which i&gt;
 produced (he palm oil, palm wine, tin
 palm cabbage, and the palm butter.
 Buildings. —The louses are con
 structed generally of stone, brick,
 frame. lu the State house
 and Methodist, Ba|*ti&gt;t and Preshyf*
 rian churches, besides two other tdi
 -1 fices for school purposes, arc all o:
 stone. The President ’s house and like
 wise Judge Benedict's, are of brick
 The wealthy people about Monrovia
 uud throughout the Republic, as a gen
 eral thing, live in good houses; but
 among the poorer inhabitants, you may
 find flllhv houses constructed after the
 African sty le of bamboo and thatch.
 Style of tiring. —The style of living
 among the wealthy colonists is very
 fine. This of course, is attended with
 considerable expense, which the poor
 cannot support; and in addition to this,
 they have just as many servants as they
 wish, and there seems to be as much
 distinction made between the rich and
 poor there, as there is in this country
 among the whites. This causes many
 who go to that country to be greatly
 disappointed: as they are led to believe,
 before leaving here, that they would
 be recieved with open arms, and placed
 upon an equality with the very best
 families in Liberia; and they would be
 in a few years be promoted to office,
 &amp;c., irrespective of any qualiiicati ns
 to move in this style, or till those offi
 ces. But this is not the case. Ineveiy
 such instance let the truth be told.
 Say to the poor and ignorant, such as
 the great majority of those w h go there
 are: you will there be allowed to exer
 cise the elective franchise; but after
 this, all will depend upon your qualifi
 cations; and in this respect Liberia is
 generally considered aristocratic.
 Religion. —ln point of religio in Mon
 rovia, there are three churches—Meth
 odist, Baptist and Presbyterian. Com
 municants in the Baptist church, 170;
 Elder Boston Drayton, pastor. In the
 Methodist church, 150; Rev. Janus S.
 Payne, pastor. In the Presbyterian
 church, 41; Rev. Harrison W. Ellis,
 pastor. These churches are ail sup
 plied with pastors from the different
 Missionary Soci* ties in this e. untry,
 except that ofthe Methodists, ol which
 I know nothing. With respect to
 inorals ofthe people, they seemeu lo be
 good. I never heard less profane lan
 guage, or saw less intemperance, in
 the saute length of time, in all my life.
 As to Sabbath schools, they ure gen
 erally good. lii Monrovia, there is a
 school in each church. In the Baptist
 church in the morning, they hold one
 for the American children, of about
 thirty scholars; ten of them native chil
 dren. There is also one one in the
 Methodist church, in the morning, for
 American children, ol about toity scho
 lars; and in the afternoon, for natives
 of about eighty scholars. There is also
 one in the Presbyterian church, fur
 American children, under the stiperin
 tendance of B. V. R. James; number
 of scholars 75. Sunday schools arc
 taught generally in every settlement.
 Day schools. —They have two day
 sc ols in Monrovia, for American chil
 dren— one taught by B. V. R. James,
 of about seventy scholars, under the
 patronage of u Society of Presbyterian
 ladies, in the city of New York; and
 one taugat by Mr. Stewart, ot about
 twenty scholars. T here was no school
 for natives in Monrovia while I was
 there. There had been one under the
 superintendance ofthe Hon. J. B. Gri
 pon, deceased, but it was suspended.
 There are good common schools taught
 throughout the Republic for American
 children, hut there is no high school m
 all Liberia. Gentlemen who wish to
 give their children more than a com
 mon English education, have to send
 them to Europe or America.
 Conditfbn of the .Vatires. —There are
 a grea: many natives in and adjacent
 to all the towns and settlements that I
 visited thr &gt;ughout the Republic They
 roam about in their country dress and
 look contented and happy. Some are
 engaged in loading and unloading ships,
 others in fishing; and others in raiding
 rice and cassada; while you see those
 from the interior packing down upon
 their heads, their palm oil, ivory, and
 camwood, to trade with the colonists.
 Toere areolheis also who seek eui|&gt;lo)-
 rnent among the colonists, at the low
 rate of $2 00 per inonl i and found.
 i Tueae all are reckoned as a part ofthe
 population of Liberia, although they
 ■are not regarded as citizens. They all
 as a general thing adhere to their Coun
 try customs All difficulties ar -.ii g
 among therm-elves, are settled by then
 palaver; and they all adhere to then
 greegrees, and their plurality of wives,
 which number from two to twenty, and
 even more if the circumstances of the
 i man will admit it. Such as have the
 most wives, are called the wealthiest
 men. They are called by them propet
 rich men. They also adhere to the
 custom of requiring of v &gt;me one to lake
 ia-aio Kiteaf r t ry person that dies.
 When any one dies, they go to the doc
 tor or grand greegiee-man to know
 who to make witch for that man or wo
 man who died. He fixes the gui t
 upon some one, aud prescribes th&lt;
 1 amount of taaswood tea he uto takc
 j They go and lake bun, and give hun th&lt;
 tea. He drinks it, and if he is guilt)
 ;it kills hun: if be survives it, he war
 innocent. But it generally ensues u
 i death. But there is another cla-s, wh*
 1 live in the families of (he colonists, and
 are bound to them for a term«f year*
 Some are recaptured Africans taken oft
 the Pons. They are ofthe Cong* mU
 There ere other* frvm the tubes within
JOHN PICK, PratisMxe.
WHOLE NO. o#.
fie Kcpubiic. These are bound under
 a hat is called the apprentice system.
 enquired how long the term of their
 service was. and learned that the Con
 s'’9 ha wrve seven years. I asked
 if they were bound to educate them.
 They told me they were n«*t, unless
 hey choose to; but when there was a
 mtive school convenient they generally
 'ent them. I asked them if they w ould
 iot l&gt;e admitted into the schools with
 Vmrrican children. They said no: for
 br w ere heathens aml not considered
 j vv °»tliy; and that you could not get a
 native child into any colonist school in
 f Monrovia. Nearly all the weahhv peo
 j |de about Monrovia have from ti n to
 fifteen of these hound natives about
 j their premises. They wear with, but
 few exceptions, nothing but a rombold,
 j a piece of cloth about a yard square,)
 during the week; bfi* til the Sabbath
 they have a flimsy suit of cotton clothes
 to wear Sunday School. At church
 j they sit together in the rear of the con
 gregation and in no instance did 1 see
 a native take a seat by the side of a
 colonist. About their houses, these
 natives do all the menial service; such
 as packing wood and water, and cook
 ing, and waiting about the house.
 I was quite disgusted, on my first ar
 rival there, to find so many naked peo
 i pie on the shores of Africa; hut what
 do you suppose must have been my
 feelings, when I saw them in this state
 in civilized and Christian families, and
 even in the families of ministers and
 some of their missionaries? \Vc have
 i been told in this country, oftlic salutary
 influence the colonists were exerting
 over the natives by a residence among
 j them. How sadly was I disappointed,
 when I saw the situation of these poor
 natives antong the colonists; looked
 down upon as their inferiors, and of
 j course their children regard them in
 the same condition. 1 asked a partic
 ular friend of mine, if their people could
 t not he induced to treat them better;
 He told me no; that it would not do to
 treat them better; that if you did it
 would make them insolent and saucy,
 and that they would rise and cut their
 throats and that of their wives and ciul
 dren. As to amalgamation among the
 native Africans and Americans, there
 need l&gt;c hut little tears; such is the pre
 judice existing between tin in, that I was
 I informed that there had been hut two or
 three matches of that character since
 the settlement «&gt;f the colony.
 {To be continued.}
.IvJIESTEAU IN MASSACHUSETTS.
 i The Judiciary Committee of tho
 Massachusetts House of Representa
 tives has been -directed by that body to
 enquire into the expediency ofprovid
 -1 ing by law for the exemption of the
 'i Homestead Irom sale under execution
 tor debt.
 j Homestead Exemption is fust be
 coming the sentiment of the country.
 It will still be resisted for a time, per
 haps for years, by the conservative
 feelings of Legislatures, and fcu«* on
 the part ol business men that it will
 j operate unfavorably in the collection
 jof debts. Enlightened Christian law
 givers, however, must sooner or later
 i come to the conclusion tllnt it is unwise,
 it not barbarous, to strip even the home
 that covers them, the wile and children
 of the mini whose indiscretions or mis
 fortune have immersed him in debt;
 i and sagacious business men, it seems
 to us, cannot tail finally to perceive,
 that to take from a debtor a I he has, to
 knock from under his feet the last
 plank he stands upon—tp cast out into
 the streets, moneyless and shelterless,
 the wile ot his bosom and the children
 of his love—is the surest way of all ill
 j which completely to unman him, npd
 1 the least certain of any to inspire him
 anew with the energy and ambition
 that are necessary to set him to work
 again, and tiie feeling that will induce
 him to exert every nerve to accumulate
 j new earnings and pay oil'old debts.—
 Cincinnati Gazette.
 Bov A PARTHabits.—His partiality
 for the batti he mistook tor a necessity.
 |He would usually remain in hath two
 hours, during which time I used to read
 I to him extracts from the journals and
 j pamphlets of the day, for he uasanx
 ious to hear and know all that was
 I going on. \V bile in the hath he was
 continually turning on the warm water
 to rai&gt;e temperature; so that I was
 metinies enveloped in such n dense
 vapor, that J could not see to read; and
 was obliged to open the door, lioiia
 l»art was exceedingly temperate and
 averse to a I excess. His flat! ere is,
 probably under the idea that sleep is
 incompatible with greatness, have evm
 j-ced an equal disregard of truth m
 speaking of his night watching. Bona
 part made others watch, hut he himself
 dept, and slept well. His orders were
 that I should call, him every morning at
 seven. I wa therefore, the first to
 j enter his chamber; but very frequently,
 when awoke him, lie would turn him
 j self and say, “Ah, Rourrirnne, let me
 sleep a little longer.”—When there
 1 was no very pressing business, 1 did
 not disturb him again till eight o’chx k.
 4 —He generally slept seven hours out
 of the twenty-four, besides taking a
 j short nap in the afternoon.
 Among the private instructions which
 ft naparte gave me, one was very cu
 -t4&gt;us.—“Horing the night,’ said l*r,
 1 enter tnv chandier a* se/don. as po*si
 ,|e Do not Ine wben h v
 oM&gt;d news to communicate;. with that
 Vie is no burrv; bu! when you bring
 me bad news, rosue me instantly, lor
 jien there is no moment to be lost.”
 j his was a wise regulation, and But a
 arte found his advantage in it.—fiour
 itnne'i Mr main.
 Tm. excesses of oor youth aic drafts upon
 urotd are. p»)Xklt wi.h interest, about 3#
 jears afterdate.
"
