"KKKPERICK IKNKiLASS, i
 M. R. HEI.ANV, i Editor*.
VOL. IT. NO. 17
The NORTH HT\R i» published everyj
 Inlay, at No. 23, Buffalo Street, I
 (Oppmtt tk* Arr/iU.)
 TERMS.
 a&lt;i iMivk j&gt;* r .in;uin, olway* e-i ranee. N«
 i w til lie rei’vivnl for a Iw i«*riri liran
 •tix m »nth«.
 |rrrtl*:. not rxere U?'» lilW* iiWttel
 Vet fi tt f.»r ok 1 f rrrv inner
 (i i, twftiitA-five pent*
 I'nr, '&gt;*i tnf th** Non rM r*i will Ik* t*i attack
 u nr in all if* f»r n* l aspect*; advocate j
 I ajvkk* ir. F. »(m ip ari exalt tli** *tai»&lt;lxrc! I
 1 I’em. i' M &gt;it»t.i rr ,pr not* tie* moral and in-j
 t. &gt;i nl i.npnm-n- it of t Colored People;
 i (I ,i u;ru iiK- day of FRKIiUdVI to the Three
 Mu.!.toss &lt;&gt;f our Kstittrtt Et.t.onr Cou.t
 -i y .t y x.
 Bi.ISHEfFS NOTICES.
 til room nidation* r&gt; dating to I tie business j
 nl ti«‘ paper, naniOA of ioilwiilier*, remit
 ta K.ioild Ik* aldrenKed to John I&gt;jck,;
 I |f-r.
 "T 1 -y- A rp it-, an i all o’liers rending name*, are
 &lt;jn *«-fI in Ik* iPCnratc, and give the Port Office,
 h ai-ity, mil tbf&gt; State. Each Suluerilier is im-j
 in *!i \	r!y er life 1 f r m mey received.
 A iv p r* in sea ling in the payment fir four i
 •tTweribem, to Ik* firwarded to one address, may j
 have a lif;li &lt;opy for one year.
 A d 1 tt r* a nl e iirrminirations rn’i-t lie |K»st
 paid.
 US I OF AGENTS. j
 Mama cite set rs.—R. F. Waleutt, 21, Coruhill, j
 B mort; Natlia i Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio i
 F 'St r, Low oil; Janie* Biiffitint* I.ynn; George j
 Evans, Worcester Bonnie Spooner. Plymouth; I
 Ciarle* H. Seth, Spri igfield David Rubles, I
 irilia njitna; 11. &lt;’arj&gt;eiiter, I pton.
 Maine.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 .Vermont.—Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 r ‘‘‘n’S.
 t 'o victim r.—Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 N f w aai sm r —Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 Ne'v 'ork. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Sn. ct; Jan. McCone Smith,93, West Broadway;
 J i*ep'i i’.i*-!, v 'esthurv, Queen Countv; Marv Har
 p r. Albany; El.* Maoedon: WillettsKeese,
 Peru, 1 iintoii (niUy. William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J F. Platt, Penn A u; y JelTrev, Geneva; E. h.
 Platt, Bath.
 Khoiie Island.— N*arancv Paine, Providence.
 Pevssv lv ania.—J. a M’Kim, 31, North Fifth
 Street. Philadelphia; G. y o ines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,PiUshui*V; Win. Whipper,
 .du'ithi i; Isaac R *l&gt;erts, Paxon, Norris*
 town, Montgomery County, Milo a. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cinc„ m;lf j. Wat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nielh! &lt;onj Har*
 vevshiirglt, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, j a ein&gt;
 Michigan.—lioliert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Way. e Co
 Selections.
 EXTRACT
 From ti* Speech of Hon. John G. PaLEREV, on
 thi Territorial Governments.
 Mn. Chairman:—We have been
 told, t’ver and over again, that slavery
 is a local institution, with which we of
 the Free States have nothing to do.
 Sir, have we nothing to do with the
 government under which we live? Is,
 it no concern of ours who constitute
 that government? *ls it none of ourj
 business what shall be the policy of its:
 administration? These territories are:
 in the course of time to become States? j
 and in whatsoever State slavery exists,;
 however small the minority ofslavehold- 1
 ers, as compared with their non-slave
 holding fellow-citizens from that State;
 so insidious is the working of the
 system —you may he all hut sure that
 the Representatives sent to both
 branches of the National Congress will
 be slaveholders themselves; or if in
 rare cases, not so, will at least be
 representatives of the interests of slave
 ry. There may he occasional excep
 tions. I trust that, in future, there will
 he not a few. But the rule is undoubt
 edly as I have stated it. Admit slave
 ry within these territories now, and
 they will by aud by be slave States,
 represented by slaveholders in the
 Senate of the Union, and helping to
 uphold in that branch that same course
 of caste legislation which has so long
 excited so much reasonable discontent,
 and which has done so much to arouse
 the feeling of the present day. Admit
 slavery within them, and by an alto
 gether unanticipated extension of the
 great compromise of he Constitution,
 you promote the free citizens of New
 Mexico and California to a degree of
 power not possessed by the citizen of
 the Free States in the constitution of
 this body, and in the election of the
 Chief Executive Magistrate. For rea
 sons deemed sufficient, it was agreed
 that there should be a representation
 here of three tilths of a papulation who
 have no political rights, and whose
 vote i* given by their masters, so that
 if, under the present ratio of represen
 tation, there should he a district in this
 country with a population consisting of
 ten thousand free people and a hun
 dred thousand slaves, the ten thousand
 freemen in that district would liuve as
 much weight in the councils of the na
 tion as seventy thousand freemen in
 my district, or in any other of the free
 States of the North.—And accordingly
 it has come to pass that the State of
 South Carolina, with a free population
 not so great as that of the State of New
 Hampshire or Connecticut, and not
 three quarters as great as the city of
 New York, 1 tas seven representatives
 on this lloor, while New Hampshire,
 Connecticut, and New Fork city have
 but four each.—This was so nominated
 in the bond, and we submit to it with
 out complaint, though not without a
 sense of the hardship.
 But now you propose to us to agree,
 &lt;n lather you say it shall he, whether
 we agree or not.—thut this singular,
 und, on all abstract grounds indefensi
 b!e arrangement, having no force or
 reason ot any kind beyond the limits
 w,l m, which it was originally applied,
 be l x, k l t*. older coin in unities!
 whose power, exerted in this way is to
 be brought into the direction Jf our
 national atlairs. No sir, xecati agree
 and we can submit to no such t|„„,/
 Except so fur as we have compromised
 away our rights, we must insist on slid
 having them. We must insist that no
 section of this country shall have such
 a political precedency over another.
 We must insist that u freeman in Mas
 sachusetts shall weigh fur as much ia
THE NORTH STAR.
the political scale as a freeman at Santa
 Fe or San Francisco. We cannot
 consent so to settle our conquered pro
 vince that a freeman in them, because
 he owns (as it is called) five slaves,
 shall, in the administration of the gov
 ernment which is over us both, have
 four votes where we have but one.
 This was not the entertainment to which
 the Constitution of our fathers invited
 us. What we have stipulated to do,
 in the surrender of our natural rights,
 we will do, —sorrowfully it may be but
 frightfully. Beyond that line, it is idle
 to expect us to go.
 So much and more of the same kind,
 have we of the Free States to do with
 the introduction of Slavery in California
 and New Mexico, if we stay at home.
 But suppose we wish to visit those re
 gions If we keep them free, we can
 go thither With the full privilege of
 speaking and publishing our mind on
 all matters of interest whatsoever. I.
 we have allowed slavery to go thither
 first we must go to a suspension of our
 much valued freedom of speech, and
 freedom of the press, as far as the great
 question of the age is concerned. We
 shall not then be able to speak or print
 respecting slavery there, except at ex
 treme peril of life and limb. With part
 of us, it will fare worse yet. If we
 allow slavery to get into these provinces
 part of our number must give up tne
 idea of going thither on any terms,
 to be ever so silent, or ever so submis
 sive. The men and women of South
 Carolina come to Massachusetts, and we
 welcome them to our simple hospitality.
 We treat them as well as we know
 how; —if it is not very well, their mag
 nanimity will pardon something to the
 scantiness of our means, and the home
 liness of our breeding. Men and wo
 men of Massachusetts go to South Car
 olina; —they are taken from the ship
 before landing,—they are imprisoned,
 —they are scourged,—they are sold,
 they and theirs, into life long bondage.
 Admit slavery into California, and Cal
 ifornia as to this matter, will become
 for us another Carolina. When the
 acquisition of it from Mexico was talked
 of as a desirable thing, we of New Eng
 land are addressed with the argument
 what a convenience a few ports in
 the\ o rth Pacific would be to our whale
 ships. They would he a convenience,
 or not, ‘ccording to circumstances. I
 think I ha\» undersood my friend and
 colleague Ai» r Grinnell to say, that
 there are not ltwer than fifteen hun
 dred colored sean«n in the whale-ships
 from his District, a«&lt;J among them arc
 some mates, and even masters, of
 vessels. It is rather to Jiuch to expect
 of them, or of us, to consent to the
 establishment of such a government in
 California, that they would have to
 meet at San Francisco the reception
 which now awaits them at Charleston.
 I think we shall hardly agree so to set
 tle those territories that our State agents
 shall he driven from them as from Car
 olina, or that in them, as in California,
 we shall he despoiled of our right of a
 hearing in the Federal Courts.
 But, suppose we want not only to
 visit, hut to emigrate; what then? Sir,
 gentlenen of the South talk of our ex
 cluding slavery. The truth is, they
 would exclude us, if they should be
 allowed to introduce it.—They speak
 of our designing to dispossess them of
 their share in the common property;
 their plan would be to absolutely de
 fraud us of ours. Let slavery get a
 footing on the land, and we could not
 go thither; tiiat is, we could not go,
 remaining such persons as we are; we
 could not go, retaining our identity.
 In what capacity should we go? should
 we go to join the class of slaveholders?
 Mr. Chairman, let large allowance be
 made for influences acting on the minds
 of men born or educated in the midst ol
 slavery, and by long fauyliarity blinded
 to its character. So much .as that is
 required by liberality—nay, by justice.
 But as to the different case I am sup
 posing, there are thousands in the free
 North who would say,—that a son of
 ours, born of a New England mother,
 nourished at a New England bosom,
 baptized in a New England church,
 bred at a New England school, that he
 should go from a New England home
 to be a buyer and seller of men and
 women; —there are thousands, yes,
 tens, hundreds of thousands, who would
 say, let us follow him to his grave
 first!
 Shall we, then, and our sons and
 brothers, when Slavery has been es
 tablished in California and New Mexico
 go thither to be non-slaveholders? That
 would be to lose our identity just as
 much. That would be to abandon the
 character of the independent, well in
 formed, self-respecting yeoman as we
 see him in the North, for that of the
 very different specimen of humanity
 known as the mean white man, the
 poor bucra, in the Southern States.
 The laboring man of New England is
 any man s equal. His occupation is
 esteemed honorable. llis mind is in
 structed. His sober, methodical, in
 dustrious habits are such as sustain
 self-respect, and claim respect from
 others. hile the estimation in which
 his employment is held and the com
 pensation which remunerates it give him
 enough for contentmeut, there is no
 public elevation to which lie tnav not
 aspire for himself and his. The public
 offers to his children an education,—
 not as a boon, but as their birthright,
 —such as enables them to start from
 the same level as the richest in the
 race for the high prizes of society.
 Will you ask such~a man to cast in big
 lot with the poor, shiftless, lazy, unin
 strutted, cowed non-slaveholder of the
 South? a character, I am far from say
 ing, universal with that class of men,
 for there are happy nature# which are
 able to rise above disadvantages of po
 sition—but far too common for our peo
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OP NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, ANN ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
i pic to take the chance of falling into it.
 t Will you propose to otfr Northern
 laboring farmer or mechanic to emigrate
 to a region of which you have said that
 because Slavery exists there labor can
 not be honorable, and there can be no
 Common Schools? No, sir; let not
 gentlemen say that we are designing to
 i| banish them from the territories. Ft is
 1 we whom they propose to banish. We
 and ours have a right to find new homes
 there if we will. But h is utterly to
 deprive us of that right to say that in
 order to do so, we can do neither the
 one nor the other. If we and ours in
 cline to emigrate, we must do it, being
 what we are. The right is ours and
 we cannot consent to have it embar
 rassed with conditions which would
 make it wholly worthless, and the same
 as if it wore not.
 Again, gentlemen are fond of charg
 j ing us with raising a sectional question.
 They say that we are pressing a con
 troversy beteen North and South, and
 they undertake to rebuke us in the
 words of the Father of the country in
 j his farewell Adress. This charge of
 exciting sectional divisions makes the
 great staple o r not a few speeches which
 I have heard in this House, and it
 covers the whole issue of the famous
 i Addresses recently put forth from the
 secret nightly conclave in this Capitol.
 Sir, I deny utterly the correctness ol
 this representation. So far as I am
 concerned, the abettors of Slavery shall
 have no advantage from a statement so
 entirely unfounded. In point of fact,
 this is no question between the North
 and the South. It is a question between
 I a comparatively small number of Slave
 holders living in the South and the
 North. Who are these gentlementhat
 assume to put themselves in the place
 of the Southern section of the United
 I States and to say, when they cannot
 have their way, that the South is as
 sailed Do they constitue the greatest
 part of it? How’many are there? The
 t whole number of the free white popu
 lation South of Mason and Dixon’s
 line in 1840, was 4,809,187: the whole
 number of Slaveholders among them
 cannot exceed three hundred thousand.
 \V T ith what face does such a mere frac
 tion of a population undertake to speak
 for the whole, and to complain that a
 sectional question is moved when only
 the encroachments of one limited in
 terest within that section are resisted?
 No, Sir, the Slaveholders of the South
 j are not the South. —Far from it. And
 not only are they not the South, but
 they represent an interest absolutely
 antagonistical and hostile to the interest
 and welfare of that large majority of
 the citizens of the South, that do not
 hold slaves—an interest altogether more
 opposed to the well being of Southern
 non-slaveholders, than to the well be
 ing of citizens of the Northern States.
 We of the North have great reason to
 complain of slavery. It has done and
 does us great and grievous injustice.
 But it does not control our Btate gov
 ernments, and to that extent make us
 its slave. It does not by its presence
 among us, make our honest industry
 disreputable. It does not strike the
 bread of knowledge from our lips. All
 this it doss for the Southern non-slave
 holder. And yet. when we undertake
 to resist some new impudent pretension
 which it puts forth, we are to be com
 plained of as raising a scectional ques
 tion, and encroaching on the South, a
 vast majoiity of whose citizens are for
 more wronged by it than ourselves.
 EXTRACTS
 From, a pamphlet entitled, Liberia the Condition and
 Prospects oj that Republic, made from actual ob
 servation.” By Eldlr S.S. Ball.
 [concluded]
 Condition of the Colonitts. —l shall
 speak now of the common people. As
 a general thing, I found those who had
 been there long enough, to have passed
 through their acclimation, and had got
 their lands cleared and under cultiva
 tion, and had their houses built, to be
 getting along very well, and se r med to
 be contented; but those who had not
 yet passed through the acclimation, and
 had no lands under cultivation, or
 houses built, were very much dissatis
 fied, and many of them were in a dis
 tressed condition, and would give any
 thing in their posession, even their free
 dom, to get back to the United States.
 With respect to the propriety of our
 removal to Liberia, I give it as my de
 liberate opinion, that, as to men of in
 telligence and means, there is no bet
 ter country to my knowledge than Li
 beria, for the following reasons:—first
 —his learning will qualify him to fill
 some of the most important stations in
 the Government; and secondly—his
 means will enable him to engage in the
 most lucrative trade, and thus enable
 him and his family to live m luxury and
 ease, and keep themselves entirely
 from hardships and exposures. This is
 the class of people that the Liberians
 invite to their shores; and they say
 nothing has ever tended so much to re
 tard their progress, as the importation
 of such an unequal proportion of igno
 rance and poverty.
 As to the people going to that coun
 try without means, I consider it one oj
 the worst countries he can go to. A
 comparison is sometimes attempted to
 be drawn between the poor man in this
 country and the poor man in that; but
 I contend that there is no comparison.
 The Colonization Society propose to
 give to every applicant a free passage
 from the seaboard to Liberia, and six
 months support after he gets there, and
 five acres of land for himself and five
 acres for bis wife. This they will
 get. Tins will induce a great many to
 go; and on their arrival they are banded
 over to the Colonization Agent there,
 wbb sends them to the emigrant house,
 where they remain for aix months, and
 draw their rations from the public store.
 These rations are all salt proviatona.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1849.
la about three weeks after they get
 i there they are all taken with the Alri*
 i can fever, which holds them generally
 t through their acclimation, which lasts
 from twelve to eighteen months and
 i even two years. While going through
 t the fever, they cannot relish salt diet;
 i and if they have no money of their own
 i to purchase fresh provisions with, they
 have to go without and suffer; and if
 i they have a little money, it generally
 goes before the six months are out, for
 such nourishment as they can eat,
 which costs as a general thing very
 high. Chickens cost 25 cents each;
 ducks $1 00 per pair; eggs from 37 1-2
 to 50 cents per dozen; sheep from $3
 to $4 per head; goats the same; small
 beef cattle are worth $3O; flour $2O
 per barrel, by the retail; bacon from
 18 to 20 cents per pound, and other
 things in proportion. During their ac-
 I climation so prostrated with
 i the fever that they cannot labor. It
 is the express orders of the doctor to
 them, that they must not expose them
 selves to the sun or rain; consequently
 they cannot clear off their land, pitch a
 j crop, or build a house, and no means
 to have it done with. In this situation,
 the six months run out; and the Agent
 goes to them and takes their receipt for
 1 siximonths support from the Coloniza-
 I tion Society. All farther support then
 i ceases from that source, and they are
 turned out. What are they to do now,
 j I ask No house built, no land cleared,
 no crop pitched, and no money to have
 it done. Can they go to work for those
 that would employ them? I answer no.
 j In the first place, their health will not
 permit of it; and in the second place,
 they cannot compete with native labor
 ers who can be hired to almost any num
 ber, for $2 per month and found; qr at
 $3 per month and find themselves, and
 the poor colonist laborer can get no
 more. I saw a family of six while in
 j Monrovia, the Rev. Anthony Bryant,
 wife and four children, who were sent
 from the State of Illinois in the fall of
 1847, by the Rev. J. B. Crist. They
 were in a deplorable situation. The
 i old gentleman told me that he left Coles
 j county, Illinois, without means, with
 i the promise that means would be raised
 on the way to St. Louis for him; but he
 says he only received $9,00 from Coles
 county to New Orleans, and that he
 got in the colored church in St. Louis.
 Every cent of this, of course, he had
 to spend in New Orleans for light stores,
 to serve them on the passage across the
 ocean: and they arrived in Liberia
 without one dollar. They were placed
 on the outskirts of the town, and were
 all going thrfTugh the fever. They alll
 shed tears on seeing me, and began to
 represent their distress. They inform
 ed me.that they had upon one occasion
 sent all around Monrovia to beg a chick
 en, and could not get one; but were
 told if they had the money they could
 get one. The old gentleman wanted
 the three Kentucky Delegates and my
 self to try to raise as much money as
 would bring him and his family back to
 the Uuited States, hut this we could not
 do; he then wished us to bring him and
 his little boy back; hut this was not in
 our power. There was another man
 there, with a wife and nine children in
 the same condition, who offered to give
 our captain a bill of sale on himself, if
 he wouid carry him and his family back
 to the United States.
 EDUCATION-NORTH AND SOUTH.
 And so it must ever be. Tear off
 from labor the deadly associations which
 slavery has entwined around it and let
 it be associated with intelligence and
 integrity, and it will enjoy the honor
 with which the Creator designed it
 should be crowned. In the genial air
 of freedom alone can labor breathe free
 ly, and the laborer walk forth in the
 dignity of manhood, respecting and re
 spected by all.
 But you will now say that, in spite of
 all reasoning, you believe that the la
 boring white man is more respected in
 the slave than in the free States. Let
 facts answer. What is the test of re
 gard paid to man? Is it not the enjoy
 ment of rights and privileges which
 will enable him to stand on a level with
 his fellow men, a mao among men?
 And where are such rights aod privi
 leges most fully enjoyed In reply, let
 us compare two of the old States of the
 Union, Massachusetts and North Caro
 lina. In 1840 they had nearly the same
 population, not varying much in either
 State from 700,000. In both States
 there are poor white people; in which
 are the poor and their children most
 respected? Massachusetts
 poor, “Intelligence is power. It is
 right that your children should be edu
 cated aud thus have a fair chance with
 the children of the rich. I will build
 school houses therefore, and educate
 your sons and daughters.'* The prom
 ise fulfilled, and out of her whole popu
 lation, Massachusetts had in 1840 about
 4,000 men and women who could not
 read, and those mostly foreigners. And
 how does North Carolina treat her poor r
 Flatters them, talks to them of the dig
 nity of white people, and suffers their
 children to grow up in grow ignorance,
 without the power to spell a word in the
 Bible or decipher a Hne of the Consti
 tution of the l nioo. In 1840 North
 Carolina had about 50,000 men and wo
 men unable to read.
 And now, reader, tell us in which of
 the two states you think the poor mao
 is most esteemed. In the one in which
 his niiud is developed, and he is made
 a man, or in the one in which he ia
 doomed to perpetual childhood —Low
 itrille Examiner.
 Pass made of boues are mow in use
 in England, and sell at the rate of fifty
 for twenty-fife cents. They are pro
 nounced to be flexible a the and
 far more durable.
t From rV New Tati Cmpte.
 A mOW OW SLAVERY.
 To the Session of the Presbyterian
 Church of Amsterdam Village,
 j We, the undersigned members ol
 this church, hereby declare to you oui
 sentiments and intentions.
 r During the past three years we have
 the gratifying spectacle of nearly all
 the nations of the civilised world rising
 r op in the majesty of their political ana
 moral power, to relieve themselves ol
 the great sin and curse of mankind—
 human slavery.
 To this progress of righteous prin
 ciple there is one melancholy exception
 and that exception is our own country,
 and particularly our own Church. Some
 of the churches of this land have wasb
 ed their hands clean of this defilement,
 and have refused to “touch the unclean
 thing.’* Others have tolerated but not
 t embraced it as a Christian institution—
 they have tndured but not endorsed it.
 But the Presbyterian Church Old
 r School have welcomed it to their Chris
 t tian fellowship, by declaring in 1845
 that “it is no bar to Christian commun
 ion as it is found in the Southern portion
 of our Country.
 Whilst the spirit of the gospel and
 advancing civilization are carrying the
 nations forward to higher degrees of
 freedom and holiness, our own denomi
 nation, which coqjrols so many of our
 institutions of learniug, is receding
 from its long-established position, and
 is moving in the opposite direction to
 wards injustice and heathenism.
 It is this melancholy retrogradation
 from a fundamental point of Christian
 morals, which our Church has held for
 fifty years and up to 1845, that compels
 us to take action on this subject.
 Separation from Topen and allowed
 sin we understand to be the distinctive
 principle on which a Christian Church
 is based. Upon this principle our Gen
 eral Assembly took strong action in
 1818, affirming clearly the gospel rule
 and enjoining on all their Sessions to
 exclude all voluntary slaveholders from
 their communion. Interpreting their
 action in the light of their own princi
 ples, they evidently intended that every
 voluntary slaveholder should be exclud
 ed from the Church. Their language
 is, “The voluntary enslaving one part
 of the human family by another, is a
 gross violation of the most precious
 and sacred rights of human nature, ut
 terly inconsistent with the gospel of
 Christ and the law of God,” &amp;c.
 But instead of perishing under this
 rebuke of the supreme judicature of the
 supreme Churdh, slavery has made it
 self to be respected and feared, until in
 1845, at Cincinnati, it ascended unto
 Moses’ seat, and now controls the
 Church and claims to be in harmony
 with the gospel of Christ. According
 to this decision of the General Assem
 bly, we are not able to see why a slave
 holding member of the Presbyerian
 Church from South Carolina might not
 claim a seat at our communion table,
 although he held at the same time our
 children in bondage, and the fruits of
 their unpaid labor filled his pockets or
 their blood stained his hands.
 From such a gospel and from such a
 Church, we are constrained in the fear
 of God to declare our separation.
 We have endeavored to comply with
 the gospel rule, and have admonished
 and laboured with our brethren to in
 duce them to terminate this partnership
 in sin, and we are driven to this act of
 separation as a last resort. We dare
 not appear before God to render up our
 account whilst we are partakers of
 other men’s sins, or whilst we endorse
 the characters of “whoremongers, or
 them that defile themselves with man
 kind, with menstealers, with liars, with
 perjured persons, or if there be anything
 that is contrary to sound doctrine,” by
 continuing In Christian fellowship with
 them.
 We then do solemnly avow that with
 grief of mind, and, so far as we know
 without any bitterness or personal ill
 will towards the professing Christians
 in this place, we are compelled to come
 out from among them and be separate,
 until they can find in their hearts to
 treat the sin of slavery as they would j
 the sin of theft or duelling.
 But we desire tbaf it miy be well,
 understood that by this act we do not
 withdraw ourselves from the Presbyte
 rian Church. We only separate from
 those who have already withdrawn from
 it by denying its fundamental articles of
 faith. We therefore forfeit no rights
 and relinquish no privileges which
 membership confers. But we shall no
 longer acknowledge the authority of any
 ecclesiastical body who have dared to
 change the ancient kith of our Church
 or who consent to such change. And
 as there can be no reviving or saving
 influence in sin, we grieve to say that
 we expect the dews of divine grace to
 be withheld from our Church as they
 have been withheld, until both in prac
 tice as well as principle it “puts a diffe
 rence between the clean and the un
 clean.
 We have no desire to interrupt the
 pease of the Church—neither can we
 consent to reverse the Apostle’s rule,
 by making it first peaceable then pure.
 After three years of fruitless expost
 ulation, we see no hope that either the
 General Assembly or this church will
 dissolve their partnership with what
 they themselves declare to he the great
 est sin, and which by the verdict of the
 whole Christian world is polluting the
 church and ruining souls.
 We, thus, with a solemn appeal to
 God for the rectitude of our motives,
 withdraw eurseivas from your commun
 ion end louve the responsibility of fel
 lowshtping the greatest sin end the
 greatest suutQfs to those who choose to
 sustain it.
 Ws have only to add that our motives
 in this matter are known to God, and
are, we hope, approved by him. But
 we desire also that our children and
 posterity may know the reasons that
 have led us to this act, and therefore
 request that this document may be en
 tered on the church records. Signed,
 Ellis Clizbe, Alex. Fulton.
 Enos French, Henry Neff,
 Jas. Brownson, Nat. French.
 Amsterdam, March 1849.
 MEETING lit ILLINOIS,
 The report of a meeting of the “Free
 Democracy of Washington co. 111.
 says:
 A Mr. Joy, called a methodist min
 ister came forward and made a variety
 of objections to our movements. He
 said he was opposed to slavery but
 thought the slaveholders should not be
 denounced; for he knew good Christian
 slaveholders that would like to get
 clear of the evil if they could do so
 without reducing themselves to abject
 poverty. He appeared to have a par
 ticular interest in their welfare, but be
 fore he got through, said—tbat should
 the slaves rise to kill their masters, he
 should have no sympathy for them. He
 made a great many statements in favor
 of colonization. Rev. Mr. Luinery
 was loudly called for, who replied show
 ing in the most clear and forcible man
 ner the inconcistencies of ttiH-previous
 speaker.
 The Committee repirted amongst
 others, the following resolutions.
 Resolved, Ist. That pro-slavery sen
 timents are out of place and out of time
 in America, and in the 19th century.
 2nd. Pro-slavery is very wicked and
 inhuman—contrary to every correct
 view of Bible morality, but i 9 far more
 wicked to cherish in the states called
 free than in those called slave states.
 3. That if the free states would all
 take strong anti-slavery grounds and
 carry out their anti-slavery principles,
 slavery would soon be abolished.
 4. That the promulgation of anti
 slavery sentiments would be a benefit
 to the slave states themselves.
 5. Colonization was never intended
 to effect abolition, and never can effect
 that object.— Western Citizen.
 ANTI-SLAVERY LECTURE IN
 AUBURN.
 [From the Cayuga Chief.]
 Frederick Douglass addressed the
 people of this city last Thursday even
 ing, upon the subject of American
 Slavery. We listened to him for the
 first time and with a gratification sel
 dom felt. From the rep"'"'' the
 man, as an able and campion
 of the rights of the African race, we
 were led to expect much. We were not
 disappointed. And while so many are
 heaping opprobrium upon an injured
 people, we are glad to award the meed
 of praise to so giffed a representative.
 We do
 not overate the African. He is a
 swarthy Ajax and with ponderous mace
 |he springs into the midst of his Wi itc
 oppressors and crushes them at every
 blow. With an air of scorn he hurls
 his bolts on every hand. He feels his
 wrongs and his herart is in every blow.
 Douglass is a master of every wea
 pon—His powers of ridicule are great.
 Wo to the man or the church whose
 hypocrisy passes in review.
 His address was confined to the sub
 ject of the prejudice against color. It
 was sometimes very severe, especially
 upon the churches while proclaiming
 that of one flesh and blood God made
 all nations, apd called upon Ethiopia
 to partake of free salvation of a God
 who is no respecter of persons, and yet
 rear around the communion of a com
 mon Savior a black and white table!
 Many complain that he ahuses
 churches and politicians. All deserved, j
 They do not remember that Frederick,
 Douglass is one of a proscribed and.
 degraded people—that his heart burns
 under the wrongs heaped upon them
 by a Republic of Christians and free
 men—that the whites brand them as
 inferior, ignorant and vicious—that
 they have no voice in a government
 which demands its pound of flesh of!
 them—that they are outlawed, while
 aliens from European Despotisms are
 flooded upon our shores and trans-!
 formed into American citizens—that
 they toil in slavery to enrich a Nation
 which grinds them in the dust—that
 they are barricaded from the schools
 of our land and deprived of educational
 privileges and of every chance of moral
 and intellectual improvement —that
 every aspiration of honorable ambition
 is crushed out of the soul by the re
 morsless heel of hoary wrong—and that
 society demands from them exemplary
 and unblamable conduct while chaining
 them in ignorance and hissingly point
 ing them out as outlaws upon earth and
 among men.
 We wonder not that Douglass is se
 vere. We applaud him for his bold
 ness. We like to see a man stand
 erect and plead for himself, for his race
 and for truth, though blood drip from
 his blade. Our own shoulders may
 bleed, but we admire a fearless arm.
 Douglass is logical. His review of
 Clay’s letter upon emancipation, was
 dose, sprere, and annihilating. Not
 one who beard it, could say otherwise.
 Frederick Douglass.—This gentle
 man gave an anti-slavery address at the
 Congregational Church, on Monday
 evening. The home was crowded m
 every part, with an attentuc and quiw
 audience, composed in good part of lap
 dies. Mv D. as usual, spoke eloquent
 ly, sensibly, and effectively though
 somewhat troubled with hoarseness,
 caused by a recent severe cold.
 Among other topics introduced f®®
 discussed was the recent teiw
 Clay on emancipation. A more withp
 •ring, scathing, crushing
JOHN DICK. Pc*li*h*«-
WHOLE NO. 69.
never listened to, trom a public speak*
 er. Many thought it altogether too se
 vere, while others pronounced it ospital.
 D. made a favorable impression
 upon his audience. He is no ordinary
 man, as his history abnndautly shows.
 As a speaker, he has few equals in the
 United States.— Syr Reveille.
 SLEEP A3D INSANITY.
 Hr. Brigham, of the New York Asy
 lum for the insane, expresses the opin
 ion, that the most frequent and imme
 diate cause of insanity, and one of the
 most important to guard against, is the
 want of sleep. ‘So rarely,’ he says,
 ‘do we see a recent case of insanity,
 that is not preceded by a want of sleep,
 that we regard it as almost the sure
 precursor of mental derangement.’
 ‘Long continued wakefulness,’ con
 tinues Dr. B v disorders the whole sys
 tem. The appetite becomes impaired,
 the secretions diminished or changed,
 the mind dejected, and soon waking
 dreams occur and strange phantoms
 appear, which at first may be transient,
 but ultimately take possession of the
 mind, and madness or death ensues.
 The doctor adds:—
 \Ye wish we could impress npon all,
 the vast importance of securing sound
 and abundant sleep; if so we should
 feel that we had done an immense good
 to our fellow beings, not merely in pre
 venting insanity, but other diseases al
 so. VVe are confident that the origin
 of the much nervousness, and much im
 paired health of individuals who are not
 decidedly sick, is owing to a want of
 sufficient and quiet rest. To procure
 this should be the study of every one.
 ‘I have always taken care,’ said the
 worthy Dr. Holyoke, after ho was
 above 100 years of age, ‘to have a free
 proportion of sleep, which 1 suppose
 has contributed to my longevity.’ VVe
 fear that the great praise of early rising
 has had this bad effect, to make some
 believe sleep was of little consequence.
 —Though it may be well to rise with
 the sun, or when it is light, not before,
 however, yet this is of minor importance,
 in comparison with retiring early to bed.
 Dr. Brigham gives the following hints
 for the procuring of sound sleep:
 It is important, in the first place,
 that the mind should not he disturbed
 for several hours before retiring to rest.
 2. Retire early, and neither when
 very warm or cold; sleep on a hair mat
 trass, or on a bed not very solt. The
 bed room should be large and well ven
 tilated, and the bed should not be
 placed near the wall or near the win
 dow, as such an arrangement often ex
 poses the person to currents of cold air.
 3. There should be nothing tight
 about the neck, and the Chinese rule
 of brushing the teeth before retiring is
 a good one. Tea or coffee taken jate
 in the evening is apt to disturb sleep.
 Strive to banish thoughts, as much as
 possible, on retiring to rest, or take up
 the most dull objects. Study during
 the evening is improper.
 Facts in Physiology. —A man is
 taller in the morning than at night to
 the extent of half an inch, owing to the
 relaxation of the cartilages. The hu
 man brain is the 28th of the body; but
 in the horse only the 400th. Ten days
 per annum is the average sickness of
 iiuman life. About the age of 30, the
 lean man generally becomes fatter, and
 he fat man leaner. Ritcher enume
 rates 000 distinct species of diseases in
 he eye. The pulse of children is IfeO
 n a minute; at puberty 80; and at 60
 &gt;nly 60. Dr. Letton ascribed health
 ind wealth to water, happiness to small
 [&gt;eer, and diseases and crime to spirits.
 IClephants live 200, 300, and even 400
 rears. Bats in India, are called flying
 iixes, and measure six feet from tip to
 ip of their wings. Sheep, in wild pas
 :ure, practice self defence by an array,
 to which rains stand foremost in con
 cert with ewes and lambs in the centre
 of a hollow square. Three Hudson’s
 Bay dogs draw a sledge loaded with
 300 lbs. fifteen miles in a day. One
 pair of pigs will increase in six years
 119, 160, taking the increase of four
 teen times per annum. A pair of sheep
 in the same time would be but 04. A
 single house fly produces
 eggs. The fl«t, grasshopper and lo
 cust jump 200 times tin ir own length,
 equal to a quarter of a mile for a man.
 Half-educated Instructors. —lt is
 a common mistake to suppose, that
 those who know little suffice to inform
 those who know less; that the master,
 who is hut a stage before the pupil, can
 as well as another, show him the way;
 nay, that there may even be an advan
 tage in this near approach between the
 minds of the teacher and taught; since
 the recollection of recent difficulties sod
 the vividness of fresh acquisition, give
 to the one a more lively interest in the
 progress of the other. Of all educa
 tional errors, this ia one of the gravest
 The approximation required between
 the mind of teacher and of taught ia not
 that of a common ignorance, but of
 mutual sympathy; not a partnership m
 narrowness of understanding, but that
 of thorough insight of the one into the
 other, that orderly analysis of the tan
 gled skein of thought, that patient
 masterly skill in developing conception
 after conception with a constant new
 to a result, which can only belong to
 comprehensive knowledge and prompt
 affections. With whatever accuracy
 il.e recently “*J
 new gloreef be
 precise moth--* by which be made Umm
 hi* own; and will wan! that aatieiy and
 fertility of resources, that command of
 the several paths of access to a truth,
 which are g»ven by thorough survey of
 the whole field on which be stands.—
 Rev. Jamut Martimean.
 Mr. Macaulay baa been installed
 Lord Rector of the Glasgow University
"
