"whn'h he travelled from era Crux to San
 pij*. remarks
 1 would advise no one to come by this route.
 I, .*vmle cannot be persuaded to stay at home,
 .U had belter go round the Horn, as by that
 tl n oy will get to California just as soon
 ™!5 or.ieh more safely. For my part, if 1
 W s going again—l would stay at home
 H t !*ei ig thus far, 1 make the best of it, ant!
 Mil! go through.
 Th’ Albany Atlas contains letter* front
 \fr T H Van Ilaren, a passenger on th«
 imnr California, which give a deplotahh
 x m oi the condition and fare of her passen
 The following is from the letter date*
 January 31
 I'nu morning we left onr anchorage anc
 «nih d down to Taboga, an island situated ii
 the bav of Panama, some thirteen miles froir
 11&lt;&gt; city. A small village is built upon th&lt;
 viiore, behind which rises a high and bok
 mountain, covered with tropical truits in
 abundance. We have lam here all day, tak
 mg m water. Many of the passengers wen
 ,-it shore to obtain whatever was purchasable
 in the shape of fruit or other food, to he, f
 k&lt;* out the miserable existence of the coming
 two or thiee weeks. I slept scarcely at a
 I'he warm and nauseous stench together
 with the hideous noiaesby our 8 -.insh neigh
 bors, who occupy a large
 before and on each side of- ne ~n
 in our saloon, would ha’O kept the wearies
 Ac certainly have not
 ever°y
 arid if some different arrangements
 made, an outbreak will lie the conse
 quence: hir food is horrible.
 have a sort of jerk-beef, cut in strings,
 wluch lias been purchased from the natives.
 It is boiled, and served up in small, dirty tubs.
 This, with the addition of hard pilot bread,
 ami an apology for cotree or tea, has been our
 food to-day.
 We are obliged to furnish our own plates,
 knives and forks, and cat amid the filth where
 and as we can. Onr betths are composed of
 a lew rough hoards, nailed together in the
 cheapest manner —no beds or bedding—we
 al&gt;o furnish them. The whole arrangements
 of this vessel, as respects the foward cabin,
 are disgraceful m the extreme. I believe that
 law has been violated. 1 know full well that
 every principle of decency, honor, and obliga
 tion. has been baselv disregarded and trodden
 under foot, in the treatment of her passen
 gers. Our health ia jeopardied we are fed
 with food not lit lor dogs, ami are lodged most
 w retchedly indeed. We are in the midst of
 dirt everywhere, and upon die whole are
 treated in such a way as I should regret to
 treat any criminal. I tie subject is disagree
 able. I'postpone it to another day.
 There are supposed to be now some fifteen
 thousand afloat on the ocean, on their way to
 California. Asa general thing, they have
 rushed on hoard, w ithout making anything like
 necessary preparations for their long and
 tedious voyage. The above is a specimen of
 the consequences. Much of this might be
 avoided, by the exercise of a little, prudence
 and forethought. Perhaps, however the
 land-traveller hits the right nail on the head—
 ‘‘lf i was going again—l would stay at
 home— j. v.
Pwinter's Festival in Boston.— On the
 evening of the 11th inst., the Printers ot Bos
 ton and vicinity, together with many other
 ladies and gentlemen not connected with the
 black art, assembled in Tremont Temple,
 to listen to an address by Mr. B. Perley
 Poore, of the Boston Bee and Pic-Nic—to eat
 oysters, ice-creams, &amp;c., propose toasts, and
 make speeches. The address by Mr. Poore
 was learned and eloquent. 1 see the name of
 my esteemed friend Mr. T. R. Marvin amongst
 the speakers. His was the office in which
 I was first initiated into the mysteries of Am
 erican typography. “Live and let live,’ was
 his motto on the occasion and to my know
 ledge he acts upon it. 1 have gone a little
 out of my way to say this; but there it is.—j. n.
 Daily National Kra. —l)r. Bailey con-j
 suits his readers, in the last number of the;
 Kra, about the propriety of starting a daily;
 paper, lie asks, Can we find, 1,500 sub-j
 scritx rs to begin with r The proposed daily
 is to be $O,OO a-year.
 The Evening News is the name of a new
 penny paper started in this City, independent
 in politics. 1 have not yet seen a number
 and therefore cannot speak of its merits but
 the fact that Mr. G. B. Stebbins, (as 1 be
 lieve) is to have a share in iis management,
 is a sufficient guarantee that it will he radical
 on the slavery question. May its days be
 many and prosperous. —j. D.
Elizabeth Blackwell, M. 1).
 In a recent number of the National Era ap
 peared an article from the pen of Dr- Elder,
 giving some account of this very remarkable
 young lady, who is the first Medical Doctor of
 her sex, in the United States. Not that it is
 anything very great or remarkable to be a doc
 tor for there is little great in allopathic
 practice, except its darkness —or remarkable]
 except its fallacy but Miss Blackwell is re
 markable in that she has succeeded in getting
 a diploma in spite of opposition from many of
 the influential Galens in this country. There
 must be a large proportion of the right metal
 in her composition, or she would never have
 dared to make the attempt, in opposition to
 sneers and jeers of the ignorant and self-con
 eeited, about the “sphere,” the “proprieties”
 the “decencies," and all that sort of fudge.
 Miss Blackwell thinks, (and she is right) that
 whatever a woman can do, that she may do.
 If she can think, why should she not think l
 If she has a mind capable of grasping the
 most ab.'lruse science, what good reason can
 he urged against her studying that science.
 “Miss 11.,(says Dr. Elder) is a woiker. Just
 so far as people are workers, the)’ are omni
 potent, every one of them they need very
 little help, and cannot he hindered by anybody.
 She is one of those who cannot be hedged up
 of turned aside, or defeated. She will not
 stop to complam oj w rangle about proprieties
 witli people who never do anything, either right
 or wrong, and she won't fret. She is a wo
 man, not oi words, but of deeds; and those
 who only want to talk about it. may as well
 give it up. filial I, her purpose is higher
 pitched, her aim is broader, her idea deeper,
 than appears, to those who only look at the
 t*ur faces, and worry themselves with what
 they call proprieties and practicabilities.”
 Miss B.,is twenty-eight years of age. She
 Vas born m the city of Bristol, England, and
 came with her father to this country, when
 she was eleven years old. Sin studied Greek
 and Latin, and at the same time taught French
 and music, and read medicine, with I)r. John
 Ihckson, at Ashrille, N.C. Two years ago,
 she came to Philadelphia and g-udied anatomy
 ill the Dlocklcy hospital. l&gt;a*t winter she at
 tended her second course at Geneva, and gra
 di a ted at the clone of the session. She has
defrayed the expenses of her medical educa
 iion—-about eight-hundred dollars, out of the
 proceeds of bet own industry. After study
 ing in Paris for a year or two, she will return
 to this country, and intends to practice medi
 cine in all its branches, in the city of New
 York. There is no doubt of her success.
 One who could solicit fifty medical men and a
 dozen colleges, for the*privilege of study
 ing medicine, and receive a rebuff from nearly
 all of them, without flinching from her pur
 pose, is not easily stopped. To uae her own
 phrase “There is some place in the world for
 her. and she will find it.” “Thus far) (saya
 I Dr. Elder,) the whole affair justifies itself, and
 the future can also take care of itself.”— j.d.
Communications.
An Anti-slavery To«r.
 Frederic Dot glass: —l feel it due to those
 laboring in other departments of the antislavery
 cause to report my experiences as a lecturer.
 1 left Rochester Sunday March 18ib. Monday
 the 19th, I spoke at the Universalist Church
 in Clarendon, to a small but attentive audi
 ence. Tuesday the 20th, 1 went to Southbarr,
 at evening 1 attended a religious meeting held
 in the School House, where I conversed with
 Mr Gaston the Presbyterian Minister, who
 told me there was a revival of religion in pro
 gress at the Centre, and for himself he was
 opposed to the introduction of the subject of
 Slavery, Peace, Temperance, or anything cal
 culated to draw off their minds from the im
 portance of getting religion. I told him should
 they have it seasoned with a little humanity
 it would do them no harm; he admitted it
 would do them no harm, but still refused to
 give me a hearing.
 I then said to him, Mr. Gaston suppose some
 one should pass through this town, and steal
 and carry off two or three children, and their
 mothers with aching hearts and streaming
 eyes should send their petition to your church
 asking the prayers of the righteous which
 avail much, in [behalf of the restoration of
 their children to their fond arms, would you
 treat their petition as you have treated the
 Muse of the slaves? He then declared that
 he would object to the offering a prayer at
 those meetings, for the deliverance of three
 millions of his countrymen from chains and
 slavery.
 There was a Mr. O. T. Burns present, who
 agreed with Mr. Gaston. Mr. Burns said he
 had lived in Kentucky, and knew that we
 said some hard things of slaveholders that
 they did not deserve; he said they were kind
 and hospitable. What he meant was this—
 they stole pigs and ducks from their slaves,
 and stuffed him with them! Here 1 am at a
 loss, I do not know which is the most valueless
 Mr. Burns’ idea of hospitality or Mr. Gaston’s
 religion; the one will admit of robbing the
 poor to feed the rich—the other of heathen
 izing, and stealing men, women, and children
 for the glory of God, and good of souls.
 Wednesday the 21st, I went to Pinebill,
 and from there to Oakfield. Here, too, they
 were holding protracted meetings. The cause
 of bleeding humanity finds but few friends at
 protracted meetings and revivals of religion.
 They are all so busy in trying to save that
 invisible and undefined part of man called the
 soul, that they will see his body, the image of
 God, trampled in the dust unheeded.
 Thursday the 22nd, I returned to Southbar
 and made arrangements for a meeting to be
 held at the School House, on Friday Evening
 the 23rd, which was well attended. Saturday
 the 24th, I went to Albion, the friends (if
 there be any of them, and I sought dilligently
 for them) had made no arrangements for a
 meeting. The Court House, the only public
 building that is not barred against the cause
 of the oppressed, had been newly painted.
 A deacon of the Presbyterian church tried to
 get the vestry of the Methodist church, but
 Mr. Mehay the minister objected to my having
 it. The deacon told me I would find friends
 and an antislavery chuich at Eagle Harbour.
 That is more than the deacon can say of his
 church, or than I can say of the people of Al
 bion.
 Sunday the 25th, in the absence of the
 Wesleyan minister of Eagle Harbor, I 6poke
 to a few friends of-the cause that had assem
 bled for morning worship. The streets were so
 muddy that the people could only get to the
 Meeting House in wagons.
 Monday the 26th, I went to West Gaines,
 but finding no arrangements had been made
 for a meeting, 1 did not attempt to get up one,
 judging from the appearance of things it
 would be labor lost.
 Tuesday and Wednesday, the 27th and
 28th, I lectured at Johnson's Creek. My first
 lecture was in the School house. After much
 entreaty, and fifty cents in cash, which was
 afterwaids made up to me. 1 got them to
 allow me the privilege of opening the doors
 of their church, and making a fire for them,
 that they might sit there comfortably, while 1
 spoke for the dumb. llow long people will
 content themselves to sit in a little school house
 to hear such lectures is for them to say. The
 idea of a church being dedicated to God. that
 bars its doors against humanity, is absurd.
 ‘God is not mocked, is not this the fast that 1
 have chosen to loose the bands of wickedness,
 and let the oppressed go free, and that ye
 break every yoke
 Thursday and Friday, the 29th, and 30th, I
 lectured in Ijockport; the meeting was slimly
 attended, though I do not regret having gone
 there. At Dr. T’s house I saw an old man
 fifty-one years of age, who had just ma le his
 escape from the prison-house of American
 slavery. There were many things connected
 with his case that refreshed my mind, making
 me feel more thankful for my own treedom,
 and more anxious for others.
 Saturday the 31st, 1 lectured in the Univer
 salist church at Ridgway Corners. After the
 meeting I made an appointment for Sunday
 afternoon, and then went to Londonville to
 make arrangements for one or more meetings
 there, but 1 could not find a man in the village
 to lend a helping band. 1 left these, who had
 told roe I could not get the people to come
 out) and went to the Presbyteuan church and
 saw the trustee®, who told me 1 could have
 the church foi two evenings. I carried my
 notice® to the churche®, for Sunday and Mon
 day evenings, then left for the Corner*, to my
 afternoon appointment; the meeting was well
 attended. I returned to Lrodonville, and to
 the astonishment of thoee inactive abolitionist*
 whose doctrine ia “they are joined to idols let
 them alone,” I had a full bouse; after the lec
 ture, l invited the liukjchiklreo that had heard
roe to come again and bring their little friends.
 I lent them tome little books to take borne
 with them. Monday the 2nd, this evening
 most hare been one of deep interest to all pre
 sent. I had acted somewhat imprudently, in
 walking six or eight miles to get op a meet
 ing forthe next day,and returned quite fatigu
 ed and feverish, brought on by sbstioeoce
 and disease. I entered the bouse at a very
 early hour; tboee little girls were there ring
 ing an antisJaveiy song. The cbsnge was so
 great I soon felt like another mao, knowing 1
 was aiming friends, though they were small
 ones, I got them to open the meeting with an
 antislaverv song, thetr choice was “I am an
 abolitionist, I glory in the name,” Ac,, their
 fathers and mothers must hsve felt the force
 of those words as they fell from the lips of
 their children. I told thoee little gills how
 little slaves were treated, I was heard with
 apparent interest.
 Tuesday, April 3rd, I had a meeting in the
 vestrv of the Methodist church, in Medina.
 Old Zack has got many friends there deacon
 Cook, and brother Snell made quite a speech
 iu his defence, he was afraid I should injure
 the cause by calling them theives and robbers
 and Taylor whig* pro-slavery; I hope the time
 is not far distant, when pick-pockbets will
 shun such men.
 Thursday the sth, I went to Gaines, West
 Gaines, and Albion, but could not get op a
 meeting in either place. Saturday the 7th, 1
 Icetured at the Wesleyan chapel, Eagle Har
 bor, the audience was quite disorderly, being
 in part made up of some boatmen, whose
 highest idea of manliness seemed to be dis
 turbance. Sunday the 6th, I lectured at the
 Baptist church in Holley to a large audience.
 Here the arrangements had been made by our
 friend Morgan, and the Presbyterian minister
 kindly waived his evening meeting, that 1
 might have a full house the meeting went off
 well.
 At no time during my laboring in the cause
 as a lecturer, have I found so few friends, as
 on the present occasion. In some of these
 towns, it has been more than a year since the
 •laves of this land have had any one to tell of
 their wrongs.
 Your fellow laborer in the cause of human
 ity, JOHN S. JACOBS.
First of August Celebration at Buffalo.
 Messrs. Editors: —Will you allow me,
 through the columns of your valuable paper,
 to communicate to your readers and freedom’s
 friends throughout the country, that grand
 and extensive preparations are now being made
 in the city of Buffalo to celebrate the com
 memoration of that glorious morn, when far
 away “amid the isles of the sea the tocsin of
 liberty sounded,” and at the first peal of
 those glad notes eight hundred thousand hu
 man beings, bound by the despotic hoof of
 oppression, were enabled to arise from their
 bed of degradation and stand erect in all the
 manhood with which God has endowed them.
 And though fifteen years have passed away
 since the first chronicling of this glorious event
 yet in the recollection of our citizens, the de
 lightful scenes attendant upon that occasion
 are cherished with the deepest and liveliest
 emotions and though we were npt eye wit
 nesses upon the occasion, yet by the lies of
 brotherhood and our identity with the human
 family, we cherish with thertr the remem
 brance of the pleasing prospect by which they
 were surrounded.
 And in view of this, Buffalo intends man
 fully to show to the world, her warm attach
 ment to so holy and noble a cause. The ser
 vices of some of the most able and talented
 men in the country have been engaged as
 speakers open the occasion, and every arrang
 ment will be entered into to ensure the comfort
 and happiness of all who may attend.
 And I may but speak the sentiments of the
 citizens generally, when I extend a most cor
 dial invitation to the Empire State to marshal
 her sons nd daughters in innumerable hosts,
 throughout the entire length and breadth of
 her borders, and at the appointed time crowd
 every avenue and thoroughfare that shall lead
 safely to the Queen city.
 Our Brethren further East are also invited
 to be present, the voice of the great West is
 1 also expected to be heard; let Ohio, Michigan
 Indiana, and Illinois, each be ably represented
 and under God, we shall be enabled to fight a
 valiant battle for Freedom.
 Yours, as ever,
 GEORGE WEIR, Jr.
 BifTalo, April 14th, 1849.
Free Suffrage iu Ohio. I
 Frederick Douglass: —ln accordance with 1
 an act passed during the last session of the
 General Assembly, the voters of the State of
 Ohio are called on to decide at the ballot box,
 for or agaiust a Convention to frame a new
 Constitution. Doubtless this has been sprung
 upon the people for the sole purpose of manu
 facturing political capital; they never having
 either by common agitation or petition, de
 manded a change of that instrument, notwith
 standing there are but few who will deny its
 absolute necessity.
 A little over forty years ago, Ohio was ad
 mitted into the Union, with her present pro
 scriptive, but in other respects, liberal Consti
 tution. Under it, and without change, she
 has from feeble infancy attained to her present
 over-grown proportions, and now, with lofty
 pride, ranks among the most flourishing slates
 of this confedtaey. Advancements in agti
 culture, and the art* and sciences meet the
 eve in every direction. Dark and dreary
 forests have been swept away, to give place
 to her rapidly increasing cities and towns, all
 teeming with an industrious and thrifty popu
 lation. The whole surface of our country ex
 hibits one vast net-work of rail-roads, canals,
 and turnpikes, which of themselves speak
 volumes in favor of her commercial and agri
 cultural importance. Yet notwithstanding
 these evidences of greatness, the present con
 stitution is inadequate to the wants and wishes
 of the people, and the progressive spirit of
 the limes.
 A change is ptoposed, and in that change,
 many important alterations are contemplated.
 Among the most preminent is the election of
 United Slates Senator, Judges of the Courts,
 and all officers hy the people. The stripping
 of the legislative branch of our State govern
 ment, of its corrupting patronage, is truly a
 wholesome and sound reform. There is how
 ever the suffrage question, of infinitely greater
 importance than all the buboes pet together,
 upon which there is little or nothing said, sod
 I fear, the studied pUwe on the port of lead-
iog papers advocating reform “oombs evO”
 lo the cause of equal rights.
 in oar present Constitution, only ooe ward
 disfranchises the colored ms. A voter most
 he a free “while male inhabitant.” Will this
 restriction be applied in the expected alteratiea
 of the great organic law of the State! ibis its
 question that presents itself to every ooe fa
 vorable to universal suffrage The bet ta in
 controvertible, that the pablic mind la Ohio
 has undergone, and is still “undergoing a
 change,” on this subject. So much is this
 the case, that should the convention to frame
 a new constitution, be held, my in 1855, the
 doctrine recognising the political equality of
 all men would doubtless be established.
 The total indifference mamlested now oe all
 hands goes to show that a Convention held
 earlier than tho period just mentioned, would
 result without any particular alteration in this
 particular feature of it, unless great exertions
 are made to place the subject in its propev light
 before the people. How can this be effected!
 "They who would he free, themselves must
 strike the blow.” The most feasible plan
 that I can think of would be for tbe Ohio state
 central committee of colored people to call a
 convention as early as possible, for tbe pur
 pose of adopting measures the best calculated
 to aid those who are laboring to promote their
 rights, injthe accomplishment of this object.
 They have reason to anticipate the worst re
 sults, theaefore no effort should be left untried.
 Timely exertions on their own part are indis
 pensible, in order to secure ultimate success.
 Yours, Ac.,
 A. J. ANDERSON.
 Eaton, Ohio.
Cauda
 Correspondence of the Courier and Enquirer.
 Montral, Thursday, April 5.
 In the House of Assembly last night, the
 members voted themselves an allowance of
 $4 per diem.
 The University Bill was past a first read
 ing-—and is to have a seconed in a fortnigh*.
 Fifty soldiers have been discharged from
 the various regiments and garrisons in conse
 quence of the proposed military reduction in
 the British Army. Information, how
 ever, has since been received that the present
 military force in Canada is to be increased by
 several regiments.
 Petitions against sanctioning the rebellion
 losses bill weie presented to-day to the Gov
 ernor General from the township of Packen
 ham, Sherbrooke and Stranstead.
 Great distress prevails at Gaspe. A meet
 ing aga nst the rebellion losses bill has been
 held at that place.
 Mr. Galt, agent for the British American
 Loan Company, has come foward as a candi
 date for the representation of the County of
 Sherbrooke.
 The ice in front of the city moved yester
 day.—The weather is very mild.
 Montreal, Monday, April 9.—The Gov
 ernment presented the draft of a new Tarifl
 on Saturday, but met with much opposition.
 —Probably a higher scale will be adopted for
 agricultural products and manufactures. The
 chief argument of the opposition was the high
 duties in the United States. The ministerial
 scheme was to impose ten per cent, upoi al
 most every article but Groceries; Grains to be
 free. The Protectionists desire no change in
 present rates on grains and animals, and 25
 per cent, on manufactures,and two-and-a-half
 percent, on taw materials. Tribune.
 Advices from Toronto of a late date, say
 that the political excitement in that region,
 though nearly as high as it can be, is visibly
 on the increase. Only a spark is needed to
 set the übt le Province in a blase, and forci
 ble collisions are barely avoided. The Tory
 parly is becoming every day sicker t f the
 union of the two Provinces, and more aliena
 ted from the British Crown. It is to be noted
 that all the violence, riots, &amp;c., of the last
 month or so has proceeded from the Conser
 vative Law and Order party. The Liberals
 are quiet or act on the defensive.
 A proposition has been made by the Atlo:-
 ney General to the Canadian Parliment to a
 bolish the Seignorial Tenures in Canada East.
 These tenures are similar to the Patrooner
 ies of New York, which the Attorney Gene
 ral has claimed on behalf of the people.
 The Tory party in Canada, it is said, talk
 of annexation to the United States, but we
 have quite enough of Toryism and Landlord
 ism now: when the people of Canada shall
 have achieved their independence, it will be
 time enough to talk of annexation, and, judg
 ing from our experience, it is hardly worth
 while for them to rebel against the throne till
 they aie prepared to rebel against the greater
 power behind the throne, the power of Land
 Monopoly.— Young Ameriaa.
From Hayti. —The brig Susan Currier,
 from Cape Haytien 24th ult., armed at this
 port this morning. From letters received by
 her we learn that Soloque was busily engag
 ed in levying forces for the invasion of St.
 Dumingo. The preparations are carried on
 with as much secresy as jiossible, but Soloque
 evidently intends that his next step shall be
 effectual. Soloque has also got into trouble
 with the French. He had refused to pay the
 last instalment of the indemnity due that
 country, on the ground that they had broken
 the treaty by acknowledging the independence
 of St. Domingo, the Spanish part of the
 Island. A misunderstanding has arisen be
 tween the French Consul and the Haytien
 government, on account of the letter repudi
 ating its obligation. Several slight skirmishes
 had "taken place between the Haytiens and
 the Dominicans, and a large number of troops
 were being raised for a general movement
 against the Spanish part of the Island.
 Boston Traveler, 24 th.
The correspondent of the Philadelphia Led
 ger says that Mr. Ewing is looking to the
 Presidency that Mr. Webster is “recommend
 ing some person or other for almost every
 office under the government,” and that Gene
 ral Scott will not be permitted to reside official
 ly at Washington.
Scicidb BY Slave.—- The Nashville A
 raerican says a negro girl belonging to Mr L.
 C. Lisby hung berself last week. Her mo
 ther h»d ruo off, .id th. pri being thiwntnoed
 with punishment if rfw &lt;M not gi.e inform*
 lion L to the whereabout of the rnniw.)
 committed suicide.
 Had the two persons referred to above beet
 white slaves in Constantinople e* some othei
 place the conduct of this self-sacrificm*
 diughter would have been thought mo*
 heroic, even by thore
 chaodise of human deshand a.
 they were only “oiggere »n R*P«bh«« A
 menca, we presame the affair will be po
 down as another md.cauot. of the natural nb
 stmacy and stnpidtty of the African race.—
 Henrv CUy i» u&gt; deliver the addrwa at thi
 and HonienUarel Fair tt
 be held at Cincinnati next fen.
in ABBiED
"u Brook port, th. hi i-« W C
 dlw, Mr- Asthobt Banaiaa to Mw Hammier
 Pataca, both of above pfeee-
 Abo, i-
 Mr. BtiJis.* G. Paamim*. of Bwate«, to Mm
 Mama Potted. of the hamrn phn.
Boston, en Bendaj ereniag April ftb, after a
 Jel** of hrainfcw. C«anta. PnLLaa.
 •on of William Lloyd and Hiuu Eun
 Oaaatsoß, •frislsj ears »ren «W«ba.
Commercial.
Roctimc. April V, 1W».
 Tht CW
 the first «f Mar.
 TW in—rtiwaa of ibe past week have Una —H
 TW flour —rk« it uartin. Sain uf *umM
 have bees mmdm at K 44, during the week. Best
 faraada would prafaahly bring 93,00. Wheat
 steady at 9U19 par Im. fro* wagon*- A good
 buuuesa ia doing in CW and Gnus Seed-
Rockmtcr WMewk Price* Carreat.
 FI.OUR aid MEAL—DaIy 19 p c ad va!
 Fknar, p bbl 5 00*5 00
 Cora meal, 9 hail 15 OW
 PROVISIONS.—D*y ;Baef.PorkJHaau, Bacon,
 Batter aad Lanl, 19 rc; Cbeeea 90 re ad tbl
 Pork, (me**) .1900• 14 00
 Do. in bog
 Beef, cart. 400• 5 00
 Do. bbL (ant) 700• 8 00
 Lard (tried) f» •7| 8
 Do. (leaf,) 9
 Hams, '(unoked)
 Shoulders,do. 5 6
 Turkeys pB
 Chiekww *4
 Potatoes, bash 96 60
 GRAIN—Duty; 29 pe ad val
 Wheat, bu*h 112
 Cera _*
 Rye 9* JJ
 Oat* JJ
 Barley 50 50
 HIDES—Doty; 5 p c ad ralj
 Shuighter 8|
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Pelts r 4O 75
 BEEDS —Ditty; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 90 p
 c ad ral
 Closer 3 75 5 00
 Timotliy 100 «2 50
 Flax 1 00
 FISH—Doty on foreign caught; 20 p c ed val
 Whitehall hid 6 75
 Codfish cart 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, p bbl 1 25
 Apples, P bush .37
 Do. dried 62k
 Eggs, P do* 10
 Beans, p bush &lt;0 75
 Hay, p ton 700 ®ll 00
 Hard wood 3 00
 Soft Wood
2Vi&gt;t)trttsnncnto.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with arte Job Type, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, vix:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, &amp;c.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Antislavery office and Reading Room,
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the 1 oung Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexican war—
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 rhe Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as tlie only
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to tlieir
 ocds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 qut any hope of ever being any better.
 Tbe remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 wbo have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth ami
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. Tbe felling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have leen confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, w alk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at 1
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all it* form* and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di- j
 arrboea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and I ands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its woist forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consurnptiod in
 it* first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 I The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last len years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been bis success, and so cer
 tain arc his remedies in their effect* on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tifies! cures, be wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any felae pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no ooe need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into tbe Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part of tbe United
 States here and back borne again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with hi* professional services, for nothing,
 if be An— not help them according to contract. Any
 oae thmhif tbe above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee apinst misrept esrnUlioos and expense
 without reviving rtpml benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what will be satisfactory, and it shall he
 daly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by few inftnener of those who have been helped
 ham,'as nothing has ever been pablisbed before;
 -mA tbe proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of tbone who
 choose to make a cont-aet in case of failure. Tbe
 design of ibis Circular is not to make known tbe
 ernes tint have been made in this institution, because
 they mast soon be believed; but to let it he more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 hove spent haadrtda of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, sod without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 fire to twenty years, that theta is aa Insulation
 whose treatment is different from any other oae the
 United Stases, aad is particularly adapted to their
 situation, aad can have it cost them nothing unless
 fin we materially benefited.
 Frans the ns turn of treatment is this Institution,
 the aamlrr of patient* must be limited, tberefo«e the
 proprietor does not solicit tbe patronage of slight and
 ordinary eases which may be easily helped by o«W
 system* of practice; nor doas he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to be made weft rnnagh to wait from five to twenty
 miles st a tans, ami fallow it op da; after day in
 ■pecasstna; sad also willing la be made able to en
 dure aa much labor aad fatigue as most of people
 that tali th» msrfa*i w«H, as he amass that every
 can that (set through a thoroagh comae of tract met*
 m tha Analytic Institution shaft show by their in
 creased strsssftb. elasticity of motion, frames* of
 texture, eapmJtUty of sndsrsnss, and improved
 beafth, that fatstrastsneur in fats lastitsUino isfanad
 od on the animal laws «f organised msuev, aad
 i uani yi —‘*J its superiority over every other dif
 ferent syamm of practice.
 Ail tummmiwWTous addroaoed to Dr, THQMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester pus* paid, w.H meets#
 j—rtr'*' W requested, lefcresne wtft
 b, mode to those who have bosahripad fa thts lassi
 -72 nsascmfag W mmt it-
 *T~* -«a.-
Sew Watch aai Jewelry Mere.
 JOHN KEDZIE imriag etmagvd km portaerafop
 nimtms, tnw nmn«| tu- Sfe* iw 4m** l
 N«rth to No. tt, Stair Street, where l* I* prepared
 HTremfslly to rmapn* a the sale of entire aew
 Stack of CJonda, coasmtk* of U4d aad Silver
 E«|K*l&gt;, A arbor, Hotimml aw) Vertical W a trims,
 OoM Guard aad Fob Clmias, Gold Seda »od Key*,
 Odd awl Silver Pencil*. Spectacles aad Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Riags, Bracelet*, aad Fia*er-Rimt«—*
 food awatanit, dna; a tarim of loin* aad
 Gndeaai’i Bmuc-Pin*. abr style; doable aad
 •iagle llaatiaf cold aad plated Lodau, Gold Pew,
 beat quality, Stiver aad Shell Combe sad Cases,
 Fine Cetlrry, Iw. kt.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goads
 usualH kept ia oar batiaen, are tfcml eat ware ad
 vastageom term than usual; aad it ia particularly
 desired that the food* should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing rhtaliwt ia
 dut market.
 We wanafactwr aad heap o* hand a guod assort*
 went of Siher Spoons, warranted as pons as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Acrurdeona and
 other Musical Instruments, which will be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a food assortment of the best
 Brass Eifkt-day, SO hour, aad ahuum Clocks, ns can
 be found n this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully doaw and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers ia particular we would
 gire notice, that we hare a rariety of Barometers
 which will fire that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt his holiness to its
 satiations. Please cull and examine them, as eve*-’
 man ought to have one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. otn.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the eitixens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, tliat I hare remored my
 office from No. *9 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that 1 can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of haring operations perforaaed on the teeth or
 of haring teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
Grand Celebration.—Freedom's
 Annual Jubilee*
 r THE Anniversary of West India Emancipation,
 JL will be celebrated at the city of Buffalo, on the
 First day of Augnst next. Grand anil extensive
 preparations are being made to make it one of the
 most brilliant affairs upon record. A general in
 vitation is given to all Freedom’* Friends through
 out the State and elsewhere.
 Come one! come all!
 GEORGE WEIR, Jr.,
 Sec’y of Committee of Arrangements.
WAIT J. LFWIS, I .and Su: Teyor, Keene, Essex
 County, N. Y. Owners of Land in the Coun
 ties of Essex, Franklin, or Hamilton, can have their
 Lands Surveyed on reasonable terms.
 TRUNKS!TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to he had at LAING
 BONNELL’S new Establishment, No. 59,
 State Street, Rochester. Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c., which are
 offered at the very' lowest prices tor Cash.
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatcb, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 J. T. L. having had extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who sliall furor him with their pa
 tronage.
 Rochester, July 14, 1848. 3m
 AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL.RO AD.
 CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—at 12j A. 11 a. m., and 74 P. M.
 Westward—at 24 a. m., 4j A. M., »nd 44 P. X.
 Rochester, December 5, 1848.
 The Old Curosity Show,
 -At No 48 Exchange Sh.-l
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that be has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Wniiien’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand appare. Ia addition to this depart
 ment he will hay and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 I various odds and ends” of which may not lie
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 j |ray liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget “The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
llair-CnUin? and Dressing at
 RALPH FRANCIS’S Saloon, under the Eagle
 Bufialo-street jul 14—3 m
CHARLES JONI S, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth ard Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting tiie city will tind the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia. Dec. 1.1848 3m49
‘‘Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new ami valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety- As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that stale. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. I&gt;.”
 Also, arcoinpaming this hook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herlm, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and (loses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 Tl*e Herb Book is devoted solely to Prqmlar Med
 ical and will furnish on that point all the
 desired information wanted for general use.”
 Tlie two books are put up arid liound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12| cents.
 The symptoms of each disease ate carefully given,
 so tnat one may be recognised from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 •ketch of general physiology, and rules for keeping
 in lieaith, together with observations on die treatises,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, fur both
 male and /finale.
 The t&gt;&lt;ok has been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to be un
 derstood by every person, and by a practical physi
 cian and a thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of die kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the eouatrv, and especially those liv
 iog in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times st
 hand, in ease of sickness as they might I hereby by
 wane simple remedy save an elpensi *e and proirac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sirk, tueh a book
 should lie in every house as a safe a«d sure adviser
 is time of need, the direct** given Ibr persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended w&gt; bv all.
 The price at which the book ns sold is m&gt; low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it
 -1 in- book is put up in Paper bidding, sad can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 6i cents to any
 part of the U nited .States.
 (0 Any person sending us sue dollar by mail, and
 and paying postage on the letter, shall hare four
 Copses sent him free of pottage.
 Send in yonr order*, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to ns daily, and fin bonk,
 always reach thrw 'kntimUMU.
 0 Fonr femifie* can club together and send a
 Cjur Y seut to one address.
 WANTED— Agents m mum of the States to sell
 thm work, almost every fsmdy will pm chase it if
 carried u&gt; then doers. AW)! cap.jHf fr-*.
 in *5O writ be necessary ter each agent. Add.es.,
 I*EO. W. FISHER,
 AprUl.l**- OEacbnaja-m,Rocbr*er,N. Y.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 GLOrrHING STORE,
 No. H, t'aios tTisif
 JOWWKWOT
 I Watches, Bunts end Bh—, funds,
 If"*"*’
HOME FOR REFORMERS*
 THE rabfrawr ha* rerao.ad to that neat coa*e
 amat. aad ceotral boarding 4mose, No. 2| ,C«atr
 Coart, where he wifi be most happy erhsmi mn
 of d» Friends of Reform, at maadb rtnsyis.—
 He wishes kt* hcmsc to be the central place m Boa
 tow, where the firiead* of Temperance, Peace. Parity
 Freedom, the Prisoaer, Br..mny meet mpmhre.o—
 eajov a comfortable aad qmet home.
 Central Coart opens at SS) Washington mroat.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Asf, 21, 1848.
'THOMAS P. SMITH. Na. 38. Brattle Street,
 1 siga of the Golden Halt, New aad Second
 hand Clothing Store.
Tbf NtMir liMlts Qurtf rljleTb f t
 COMMENCED oo the first of December. 1847.
 V to be continued on the l.t of March. Jane, mid
 sad September. It ill be devoted to the interest
 of no party or clam, bat its roarinrtor* will endea
 vor to present an open aad fow field fee the notice
 uxj dtscomioa of matter* pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politic-, Literature, Religion, and llsamnttv.
 The Review wilt be combined In R \V. Enter
 son, Theodore Parker, and J. Elliot Cabot, merited
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number will contain about 125 pages, at the
 price of $3 i rear, in advance.
 Communications, subscriptions, kt should bo
 addressed lo the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE It WILEY.
 12, Water Street, Boston
ROBERT MORRIS, J*., Attorney and Conn
 selloc at Law, Braaer’s Building, State Street
 Boston.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Catting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Bbrkstooe-s
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST PUBLISHED, aad for sale at the office of
 of the Ami Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty, and Force of Troth, 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pagea of close
 reading; 900 eminent anthorities, arid about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 871 cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a lumber of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, aad Appeal of
 Women, from various authors, 124 rents.
 Letter to the People of the United States, touching
 Ike Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.~
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
WILLIAM S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, 61,
 Cherry Street.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
TJ INNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 186, North
 Broadway.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoe Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice and on the most reasoitabketenns.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOUSE.
 CHARLES HIGHGATE, would respectfully in
 form his friends and the public, tliat toe continues
 to.devote every attention to those pleased to favor
 his “home” with a call. The house ia pleasantly
 located at 632 Broadway, Albany.
 Feb. 18, 1848.
WILLIAM RICH, Hair Dressing and Bathing
 Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NEW publications!
 WILL BE READY IN A FEW DAYS,
 Walker’s Appeal, with a brief sketchoi
 his life by Henry Highland Uamrt.
 Also, Garnet’s Address to the Slaves of the Uni
 ted States. This address was rejesled Iw the Na
 tional Convention at Buffalo in 1843. The edition
 is small, and those who desire copies will do well to
 send in their orders early.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a Lecture entitled Thi
 Past ard Prxseut Cohuitioh or thi Color
 ei&gt; Race, by Henry Highland Garnet
 Published at Troy, N. Y. Orders attended to.
 April 28, Bm.
General Intelligence Office*
 6EO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish*
 ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the pnrpose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may require them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, wlio have
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 REFERENCES:
 Andrew .M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gaiette
 Thus. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reductioa
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chinti Umbrella#
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices. Ginghams, various qualities aud
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lame, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good ami price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron ami Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling, &amp;r.
 Long and half Hose, fine ami heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, varioue Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored.
 Wadding, white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf, Crushed, and Pulverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar, good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invi’e the attention
 of country merchants, ns well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Chsrry-sts.
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
Free Uktr Gooes.
 Manufactured by the American Free pr*.
 duee Association, and Cur sale at No. Sl,North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks,, Apron and For
 future; (antooFlnnael, unbleached; Musli a.
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brows and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and whits Wadding;
 C«Hto« Laps; Lamp Wiek: Bed Ticking, an e*»
 eeileat ankle; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 fcr. he.
 Orders for Goode, or letters desiring information,
 ■ny be addressed to J. Miller MclGm, 31, North
 Fink attest; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 33, Charch Alley.
 A lain and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jat—«f
Antl-SUvfry Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth SM, Ptoladrtfhu,.
 A FULL issurtmem ef unshvnr
 is kept constantly on hand. AUn s tssitrrrrT
 variety of teiiriflasTirrr pahliwn*—»
 and I sney Ntaltonrry.
 AU letters relating to the b*J***f** *l^*
 to be directed u. 7 Mdfor McKtm, 31,
 Fifth-street, Philsds»h»-
 ~T»IE DELAWARE ABOLITIONIKT.
 A PAPER *tov» same will be ps 'nliihed in
 be «hs Dek«w Anri-»ln.evy
 Jh*e-' |("will bs edited by l Uesuuw, and wil
 on a half momm r, met, at twenty-live
 te vent.« I,l w»r«Mh—rtkets. Until be
 dTemnwrumtinn in Delaware, and will da
 i iiisurnmrJlml kn mM f-i
 vtli ffiWMMMG I
 tfjd M M *kn —swan «s I— l»--. A"•
 JAME 6 B. BROOKE.
"
