"J o e t r u.
From the Nat tom I Era.
 COLRAGE, BROTHERS!
 C-wiras*, brothers, who fiw freedom,
 With a tireless vigil plod,
 Thoerh re straggle with hydra.
 With thr red rack and Uie rod.
 Keep it blazing in your tmaoms—
 There i» justice yet with God.
 C-mrage, brother— troth ia mighty
 And prevailing, it ia aoid;
 As thyself, no lo»e thy neighbor.
 Wax not given for the dend,
 And the heaven of the righteous
 Hernia above the Immbiest bead.
 Fa foe the record, yet upon it
 Though a sacred oeal were laid,
 Which declares that in the image
 Of hia Maker mao was made,
 With a soul wttoae aapiratiom
 Ranch beyond this earthly shade;
 That the earth’a a common mother,
 And he bean hia Maker's form,
 To be driven by hia follow
 'I o the mountain and the atom,
 To be haled ma a demon,
 To be trampled aa a worm.
 *Twere a blasphemy 'gaiaat Heaven,
 Oa the aool it were a lie;
 Who believe it bow in worship
 To a dragon of the aky,
 And the prayer* of aarh are corse*
 At the throne of the Moat High.
 THE SONG OF THE AXE.
 Let the poet-lord bepraiae the sword
 Tint gleams oa Conquest’s track;
 Be*t mine to prolong a humbler song~
 The song of the woodman’s axe!
 *Tis meet to sing of the lowliest thing
 That graces the reign of Peace,
 And add our praise to hearty lays,
 Or prayers for bright increase.
 In the ruddy flood of battle’s Mood
 Its splendor ne’er was dimmed,
 For a gentler fame awaits its name
 Than e’er the soldier hymned.
 Like a pioneer, with voice of clieer,
 It breaks the forest’s gloom,
 And makes the earth give joyous birth,
 And like a garden bloom!
 And the palace dome, or peasant’s Itome,
 It rears with brave command;
 For no towering oak its lusty stroke
 Could ever yet withstand.
 Oh! the axe is king of the wiklwood ring.
 And of the lordly trees,
 For before his blow they bow them low,
 That laugh at tlie mountain breeze;
 And his trophies bright are truth and light,
 And plenty’s golden store,
 For no drop of teen e’erdim llte slteen
 That flashed in days of yore!
 Then praise to the king of the wild-wood ring,
 The woodman’s shining axe;
 For a gentler fame awaits its name,
 Than the sword or Conquest’s tracks.
THE MIDNIGHT WIND.
 BY WM. MOTHERWELL.
 Mournfully! oh, how mournfully
 This midnight wind doth sigh.
 Like some sweet plaintive melody,
 Of ages long gone l&gt;y;
 It speaks a tale of other years
 Of hopes that bloomed to die
 Of sunny smiles that set in tears,
 And loves that mouldering lie.
 Mournfully! oh, mournfully
 This midnight wind doth moan;
 It stirs some chord of memory
 In each dull heavy tone;
 The voices of the much-loved dead
 Seem floating thereupon—
 All, all my fond heart cherished
 Ere youth and love had gone.
 Mournfully! oh, mournfully
 This midnight wind doth swell,
 With quaint and pensive minstrelsy—
 Hope’s passionate farewell
 To the dreamy joys of early years,
 Ere yet grief’s canker fell
 On the heart’s bloom—ay, well may tears
 Start at the passing knell.
THREE.
 Three fiends are iliere—Fear, and Remorse, and
 Hate—
 flut vex with iron hand* our mortal state;
 Yet arrtbey guardians of a heavenly gate.
 Three graces are our Stars —Life, Beauty, Truth—•
 Primeval sisters, bright in endless youth,
 That man's slavish toil with peace and truth.
 Young Abel lies a wreck in childless death,
 Cain withers in liis own envenomed breath,
 Yet hopeful Eve is yearning still for Seth.
 The rain that wets the Hummer’s joyous leaves,
 The beam that dries them,and the w ind that l»ea ves;
 Each spirit give* a charm, and each receives.
 Three destinies are thronged o’er all supreme,—
 Life, Death, ami Growth—wide shapes of cloud
 they seem,
 Yet rule the age’s work, the moment’s dream.
 Three nations are there in tlie world of old,
 Who from their graves all earth’s dominion hold—
 Tbe Jew devout, wise Greek, and Roman bold.
 prone, Hong, and Gabble, are three modes of speech,
 TW only ones on earth for all and each,
 Hease, essence, nonsense, as they can, to teach.
 Stkrmhu.
FREEDOM OF THE MIND.
 Free is the eagle's wing.
 Cleaving the son's warm ray;
 Free is the mountain spring,
 As it rushes tnrlli to-day.
 But freer far the mind,
 Priceless it* liberty;
 No hand must dare to I mid
 (sod made it to he free!
 You may chain the eagle’s wiug,
 No more on clouds to soar:
 You may seal the mountain spring,
 That it leap to light no more.
 But the m od let none dare chain
 Better it cease to be*
 Born not to srrvr. In* reign—
 God made it to lie free!
 Free is the mountain Isreere,
 Floating from airy height;
 Free are the nulling seas,
 And free heaven’s golden light.
 But freer than light or air,
 Or the evor-rolling sen,
 Is the mi ad beyond compare
 God made it to be free!
 Tima guard the fern diviua,
 Than gems or gold more rare;
 K*«p watch o'er the sacred stiriae,
 No hie must enter there:
 °h. le* »o* error bind,
 Nor passion* reign o’er thee!
 (Leap the freedom of the mind—
 God made it to be free!
Selections.
THE RESCUE
 It was in the month of February,
 1831, a bright moonlight night, and in
 tensely cold, that the little brig 1 com
 manded lay quietly at her anchors in
 side of Sandy Hook.
 e had a hard time of U. beating a
 bout for eleven days ofTthis coast, with
 cuttiug north-easters blowing, and
 snow and sleet falling for the most of
 that time. Forward, the vessel was
 thickly coated with ice, and it was hard
 work to handle her, as the rigging and
 sails were stiff and yielded only when
 the strength of the men was exerted to
 the utmost. When at length we gained
 the port, and hands worn down and ex
 hausted, we could not have held out
 two days longer without relief.
 “A bitter cold night, Mr. Larkin,” 1
 said to my mate, as I tarried for a mo
 ment on deck to finish my cigar.
 The worthy down-easter buttoned his
 coat more tightly around him, looking
 up to the moon—and felt for his red
 i nose before he replied—
 “lt’s a whistler, captain, as we used
 to say on the Kennebec. Nothing lives
 comfortably out of blankets in such a
 night as this.”
 “The tide is running out swift and
 strong; it will be well to keep a sharp
 look-out for this floating ice, Mr. Lark
 in.”
 “Aye, aye, sir,” responded the mate,
 and I went below.
 Two hours afterwards, I was aroused
 from a sound sleep by the vigilant
 officer.
 “Excuse me for disturbing you cap
 tain,” said he, as he detected an ex
 pression of vexation on my face; “but
 I wish you would turn out and come on
 deck as scon as possible.”
 “Why—what’s the matter, Mr.
 Larkin?”
 Why sir, I have been watching a
 cake of ice that swept by at a little dis
 tance, a moment ago: 1 saw something
 black upon it—something that I
 thought moved. The moon’s under a
 cloud, and I could not see distinctly;
 but I do believe there’s a child floating
 out at sea, in this freezing night, on
 that cake of ice.”
 We were on deck before either
 spoke another word. The mate point
 ed out, with no little difficulty, the cake
 of ice floating off to leeward, and its
 white glittering surface was broken by
 a black spot —more I could not make
 out.
 “Get me the glass, Mr. Larkin—the
 moon will be out of the cloud in a mo
 ment, and then we can see distinct
 ly.”
 I kept my eye upon the recediug
 mass of ice, while the moon was slowly
 working its way through a heavy bank
 of clouds. The mate stood by with a
 glass. When the full light fell at fast
 upon the water with a brilliancy only
 known in our northern latitudes, I put
 the glass to my eye. One glance was
 enough.
 “forward, there!” I shouted at the
 top of my voice, and with one. bound I
 reached the main hatch, and began to
 clear away the /s
 Mr. Larkin had received the glass
 from my hand, to take a look for him
 self.
 “My God?” he said in a whisper, as
 he set to work to aid in getting out the
 boat—“My God, there are two children
 on that cake of ice.”
 i Two men answered my hail, and
 walked lazily afl. In an incredibly
 short space of time, we launched the
 cutter, into which Mr. Larkin and my
 self jumped, followed by the two men,
 who took the oars. I rigged the tiller,
 and the mate sat beside me in the stern
 sheets.
 “Do you see that cake of ice with
 something black upon it, lads?” I cried;
 “put me along side of that, and I’ll
 give you a bottle of rum each, to-n •ght,
 and a month’s extra wages, when you
 are paid off.
 The men bent to their oars, but their
 strokes were uneven and feeble. They
 were used up by the hard duty of the
 preceding fortnight, and though they
 did their best; the boat made little
 more way than the tide. This was a
 long chase—and Mr. Larkin who was
 suffering as he saw how little we gained,
 cried out—
 Pull, lads—l’ll double the captain’s
 prize: two bottles of rum and two
 months’ pay. Pull, lads, for the love
 of God, pull!”
 A convulsive effort of the oars told
 i how willing the men were to obey, but
 the strength of the strong man was
 gone. One of the poor fellows washed
 us twice in recovering his oar, and
 then gave out; the other was nearly as
 far gone. Mr. Larkin sprang forward
 and seized the deserted oar.
 “Lay down in the bottom of the boat,
 said he to the man; “and captain take
 the other oar, we must roar for our
 selves.”
 I took the second man’s place; Lar
 kin had stripped to his Gurnsey shirt;
 as he pulled the bow, I waited the sig
 nal stroke. It came gently, but firm,
 and the next moment we were pulling a
 long, steady stroke, gradually increas
 ing in rapidity until the wood seemed
 to smoke in the oar-locks. We kept
 time each by a long, deep breathing of
 the other. Such a pull! We bent for
 ward until our faces almost touched
 our knees, and then throwing all our
 strength into the backward movement,
 until every inch of the space covered
 by the sw’eep had been gained. At
 every stroke the boat shot ahead like
 an arrow discharged at the bow. Thus
 we worked at the oars for fifteen min
 utes—it seemed to me as many hours.
 The sweat rolled off me in great drops,
 and 1 was enveloped in steam generated
 from my own body.
 “Are we almost to it, Mr. Larkin?”
 I gasped out.
 “Almost, captain—don’t give up; for
 the love of our dear little ones at home
 —dont give up, captain!”
 I he oars flashed as the blades turned
 up to the moonlight. The men who
 plied them wore fathers’ hearts; the
 strength which nerved them at that mo
 ment was more than human.
 Suddenly Mr. Larkin stopped pull
 ing, my heart for a moment almost
 ceased its beating; for the terrible
 thought that he bad given out crossed
 my mind. But I was quickly re-assured
 by bis voice:
“Gently captain, gently—« stroke
 or two more there, tint will do!”
 mod the next mnmsui the boot’* nde
 came in contact with something, and
 Larkin sprang from the boat with his
 henry feet up on the ice. I started
 up, and calling upon the men to make
 fast the boat to the ice, followed.
 We hastened to the spot and there
 found two little boys —the bond of the
 smaller nestling in the bosom of the
 larger. Both were fast asleep. The
 lethargy which would hare been fetal
 but for the timely rescue, had orercome
 them. Mr. Larkin grasped one of the
 lads, cut olf his shoes, tore off his jack'
 et; and then loosing his own garments
 to the skin, placed the chilled child in
 contact with his own warm body, care
 fully wrapping orer him his great coat,
 which he procured from the boat. I
 did the same with the other child: and
 then we returned to the boat, and the
 men, partially recovered, palled slowly
 back.
 The children as we learned when we
 subsequently had the delight of restor
 i mg them to their parents, were playing
 ion the ice, and had rentored on the
 cake, which had jammed into the bed of
 the river, ten miles above New York.
 A movement of the tide set the ice jp
 motion, and the little fellows were borne
 i away on that cold night, and would in
 evitably have perished but for Mr.
 Larkin spying them as the tide was
 floating out to sea.
 “How do you feel I said to the
 mate the morning after this adventure.
 “A little stiff in the arms, captain,”
 the noble fellow replied, while the big
 tears of grateful happiness gushed from
 his eyes—“A little stiff in the arms,
 captain, but very easy here,” and he
 laid his hand on his manly heart. My
 quaint, down-easter! He who lashes
 the seas into fury, and lets loose the
 tempests, will care for thee!—The
 storm may rage without, but in thy
 bosom peace and sunshine will abide.
 —Boston Museum.
T. B. MACAULAY AND THOMAS
 carlyle.
 Macaulay’s sense of Beauty is keen,
 but not deep; his enthusiasm has no
 central fire; his convictions want depth,
 and, as a consequence, his eloquence,
 with all its apparent earnestness, wants
 force. The surface of his mind is large
 and active; but its regions below remain
 untroubled. The consequence is, that
 he has no influence on his age. He
 flatters the indolence of his readers;
 he does not stimulate their minds. He
 delights; he does not inspire. In read
 ing him, we do not feel that his soul is
 speaking from its depths to the depths
 of ours. Compare him with Carlyle.
 Two more opposite men cannot be
 named in the same breath. Macaulay,
 clear, definite, elegant, methodical;
 crowding his pages with antitheses and
 illustrations; more solicitous about the
 fall of a period than about the accuracy
 of his assertion; grouping details into
 a picture; fond of paradox, yet never
 probing beneath the surface; expert in
 polemics, yet seldom fighting for great
 truths; captivating by the grace, and
 dazzling by the gorgeousnesa of his
 diction, and leaving upon the reader’s
 mind no more durable impression than
 that which a splendid spectacle leaves
 upon the mind of a theatrical audience.
 Carlyle—rugged, mystical abrupt, im
 methodical, unmusical, vehement,
 scornful, sarcastic, sardonic, and hu
 merous; rich also in pictures; inordin
 ately fond of paradox, but profoundly
 serious; striving at all times to see into
 the depths of things; disdainful of ordi
 nary rules of composition, disdainful of
 all elegancies, graces, and shams of
 1 life and of literature; forever appealing
 to the soul of man, and bidding him re
 member that he is in the presence of
 the Infinite; sternly recalling those
 I awful facts of life which frivolity en
 deavors to gloss over; fiercely preach
 ing the imperative nature of duty and
 lof earnestness; speaking in prophet
 tones to a heedless generation; mingling
 the quaintest imagery and wildest buf
 foonery with the saddest pathos and
 the dreariest gloom; a sceptic, yet a
 prophet; amidst alternate laughter and
 alternate tears, alternate exhortation
 j and alternate contempt; he does not
 dazzle, he provokes; he does not capti
 vate, he inspires; and the impression
 he leaves upon the mind is various and
 'abiding, as that left by a tragedy of
 Shakspeare. As specimens of literature,
 in the limited sense of the word, Ma
 caulay’s writings are immeasurably
 superior; but if literature be something
 more than the amusement of cultivated
 j intellects, something more than an in
 jtellectual luxury, for the dissipation of
 leisure hours, Carlyle’s superiority is
 unmistakable. Macaulay has delighted
 thousands. This is no slight thing,
 and we should be the last to undervalue
 it. But he has materially bettered no
 one. He has deepened no man’s convic
 tions, he has given fresh strength to no
 1 human soul. His influence on his gen
 eration has been null. Carlyle, though
 scorned by many for his offences against
 j literary taste, and though dreaded by
 ‘others for his reckless treatment of
 great questions, has, nevertheless, pro
 duced a visible influence on the minds
 (of his cotemporaies; he has given a
 direction to their thoughts, and has
 suggested so much thought that he is
 rightfully regarded as a teacher. This
 fact there is no gainsaying. Think
 what we may o! the influence, be it evil
 or be it good, it is there. We could
 name more than one distinguished or
 nament of the church, whose rise has
 been rendered impossible because of
 the Carlyle taint.” We— that is,
 the present writer—feel called upon
 here distinctly to declare, that with
 scarcely any living author have we less
 agreement than with Carlyle; yet we
 are, nevertholess, sensible of a great
 benefit derived from his writings. There
 is an indirect teaching not less valuable
 than the direct teaching. No serious
 thinker writes in vain. Carlyle has
 his affectations, his shams; but he has
 his realities. Had he not lived, some
 of the moot active minds of our genera
 tion would have been different; they
 would assuredly have been as active,
 it may be, wiser, but certainly different.
 Now, it is impoesible, we thiak, to say
 that any human being would have been
 otherwise bad Macaulay never written.
 Some few might have written lean pic
 turesquely and less elegantly, but no
 human soul would have been poorer.—
 The Briiuk Quarterly for February.
A TRAGEDY •TK4R6I* THAJT
 FICTION.
 H 6 mv tn account of horrible
 transaction at Buenos Ayres, wherein a
 youthful priest who had broken hil
 rows of celibeer, was shot together
 with his wife. The brutality of the act
 was so inconceivably atrocious, that we
 attached little credit to the story. It is
 however continued m a letter from
 Buenos Ayres to the New York Trib
 une, which says:
 “The execution took place at the
 military encampment a few miles from
 the city, on Friday last. The poor
 culprits had but one day’s notice. The
 priests who were ordered to adsmnistor
 the last sacred rights of the Church,
 were chosen from the highest dignita
 ries. The unhappy couple were duly
 confessed, and horrible as it rosy ap
 pear the unborn child was baptized in
 the bosom of its mother. Gutinze
 came out pale and shrinking—Camilla
 firm; at the first look he fainted; she
 gave a cry so heart-rending that one of
 the attending priests was carried off in
 a swoon. She, however, soon roused
 herself, and addressing her recovering
 companion reminded him of their love,
 ind though in the eyes of man it might
 be sinful, she had faith in the goodness
 and justice of God, and soon they would
 meet in a better world never again to
 be seperated. She urged him to be
 firm, and the struggle would soon be
 over. She refused to have her eyes
 bandaged, but with a modesty belong
 ing to her sex, requested her dress
 might be fastened round her ancles, to
 prevent any indecent exposure when
 she fell. She was clad particularly
 neat. Throwing her beautiful tresses
 over her face, she calmly seated her
 self beside her lover, and their arms
 were bound to the post. A tile of sol
 i diers was advanced—the order given to
 fire—not a trigger w’as drawn, in the
 hearts of those wild men there still w*as
 something human. They were with
 drawn under arrest, and the guard of
 Pampa Indians not so sensitive, advan
 ced within five yards of the poor vic
 tims, and fired. They both fell dead
 without a groan. The Captain of the
 guard on whom devolved the service
 of the day, stung by remorse or actua
 ted by a more noble sentiment, formed
 the troop into a square round the mu
 tilated corpses, and addressing hss
 comrades, said; “I have obeyed my
 I orders, but my business is not to shoot
 women”—then drew a pistol and blew
 out his own brains.”
STREET SCENES of TURIN.
 The following is an extract of a letter
 from an English gentleman, at Turin,
 dated 12th January, 1849.:—•
 The inhabitants, as usual, abroad,
 live out of doors; the streets on a
 morning are like an English fair, and
 no opera scene in Masaniello is more
 picturesque and interesting than what
 one meets with here in one’s common
 walks. Priests, with their black
 cloaks and long shovel hats, friars,
 with their coarse giay and brown
 gowns, cowls, downcast eyes, and
 and stupid sensual expression, Sa
 voyard and Piedmontese soldiers;
 grounds of officers, of every hue and
 variety of gay and graceful unirorm;
 peasants and peasantesses, of many a
 costume; Lombard refugees, with a
 not numerous sprinkling of dark-eyed
 ladies; these actually crowd every
 street you pass through.—What an in
 fallible symptom of barbarism is this
 vast proportion of priests and soldiers.
 1 could almost pronounce upon the de
 gree of civilisation a people has
 reached, on hearing the number of
 priests and soldiers to each thousand of
 popnlation.—Here, the gay and
 thoughtless slaves of the sword, the
 salaried slayers of their fellows, the
 paid butchers of mankind, strut about
 in their bright plumage, and are looked
 upon with honor and reverence by the
 unhappydupes who pay{them to be their
 curse. To worship a golden calf is at
 least a harmless folly; but to cherish
 and feed a minotaur like this, to foster
 so upas-like a class in the bosom of the
 riation, is,—nay, with what words shall
 I stigmatize the madness? It is worthy
 of a people whose ignorant fears and
 timorous credulity lead to maintain a
 seconed army of priests and faiars.—
 And yet, they live, and dance, and
 flourish.
Col. Fremont. —We rejoice to learn
 from later intelligence just reached this
 city from Santa Fe, that the first
 accounts of the loss of Col. Fremont’s
 party was greatly exagerated. As it is
 however, it is bad enough in all con
 science sake. Eleven of his comrades
 have perished from fatigue and hunger,
 and the sufferings of the aurvivers great&amp;
 er than was ever endured by man. To
 sustain life they were compelled to feed
 upon the bodies of their dead comrades,
 a resort which nothiug but the extreme
 of desperation would have driven them
 to. To day or to morrow additional
 and particular accounts will be recei
 ved, from which some idea may be gath
 ered of the hardships and the dreadful
 suffering this band of hardy adven
 turers have undergone in their daring
 exploit of crossing the mountains in the
 winter season.— St. Louis Era.
A Learned Doc. —On the Third
 Avenue there is a house where one
 family residing on the third floor, take
 one of the morning papers, while an
 other family, who occupy the second
 floor, subscribe for two others. The
 carriers throw the three papers in the
 hall early each morning, and the family
 on the third floor send down their large
 dog for their copy. With the utmost
 regularity, this sagacious quadruped,
 who was reared on Prince Edward's
 Island, selects it from among the three
 journals, carries it up stairs in his teeth,
 and delivers it to bis mistress, never at
 any time making a mistake as to the
 paper*. Although the dog’s movements
 have been carefully watched, during
 several mornings, no one has been able
 to offer any reasonable conjectures as
 to the means the dog uses to distinguish
 the journal his mistress subscribes for
 from others.—yV. Y. Tribune.
A country clergyman being opposed to the
 ooe of the violin in the divine aenrice, was,
 however, overruled by bis congregation, who
 determined upon baring one. On the follow
 ing Sunday, the parson commenced the ser
 viee by exclaiming in long drawn accents,
 “Yon may f-i-d-d-I-e and e-i-n-g the 40th
 paeltn”
irotrtu entente.
taptrtait t# rimcn.
 IDE’S f item WWI Cririrator id Win Gram
 PW. TbFmntpdUic««bnbfid&gt;rad
 •hut Lrtton Pmemlmre brn taken oat by the 9ob
 wSw far his ream nw improvement* m
 strertkm udnuMkrantf F ihdOoltiv a tors
 um hyn»&gt;—i wo grant u toentirely revshnfauim
 the whole lyitirffaiM, by reducing the tijift
 &lt;*eW Wherever they have been atn&gt;-
 *"d, they Inve set the decided ap|Wohot»on of
 *nner», u ike folio wing certificates from tke intei
 if«l and practical farmers whore ohm* are
 Hacked, ibukalHr skow:
 CERTIFICATES-
 Tkis may certify that see, tke Sabserihere, hove
 jeera and used tke Patent Wheel Gakhrator, ievemed
 bjr Nathan Idx, of Skefter, Orleans Co., New
 Yost, and believe it to fa, M a labor-raving ma
 ickioe, one of tke greatest improvements of tke age.
 By it, a farmer ran pat in from lea to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a vear, with tke aw aaoont of
 team labor be ran also sow it ia morh better order. j
 By it also C anada thistles and other noxious weeds
 may be totally extirpated. Said merhine is so coo
 strected that it ran be regulated to go any depth, by
 means of sercws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow op tke gromd tkoroagkly, or
 only just brash tke suriace. Upoo the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented far
 i pulverizing the ground and fiMilitating the labor of
 tke Farmer, and as sorb we cheerfully recommend it
 i to our brother farmers.
 James H. Medley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, llartcs Hediev,
 Gardner Bern, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23,1848.
 j We, the undersigned, purchased one ef Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 I answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 1 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 I prepare w ith two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, and it is mock Better done than by the*
 old plows; and the bind pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENN IS CHURCH. J
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various inodes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No fanner who fully understands his
 interest will be w ithout one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 i Head, Rochester, X. V,, where farmets are invited
 come and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subecribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and U|iper Leatlier, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including twists. Pegs, Sac. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 YJFJ E are Agents fur the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 VV where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth- A sup
 ply of News and Rook Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.*&lt;6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jy2l Booksellers and Publishers.
BRITISH PERIODICAL
 LITERATURE.
 SUBSCRIBE EARLY WHILE THE TERMS
 ARE LOW.
 REPUBLICATION OF
 The London Quarterly Review, The
 Edinburgh Reviete, The North Rrxt
 ish Review, The Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Maga
 zine.
 The above Periodicals-are reprinted in New r ork,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; die
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North [British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, lieing conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 I Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order..
 prices for 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it ran be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subecribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 w e may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga-'
 zinc. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 die price is low.
 Remittance* ami communications should lie always!
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,'
 LEONARD SCOTT A CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. Chartered ia 1886—Charter Perpetual;
 Capital, $300,000 —Beajumin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues to make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities aad endowments, and accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money ia trust or on
 interest.
 The Company add a bonus at stated periods to
 the insnrance for life, and on the 20th of January
 last, au addition was mad to all the policies for life,
 remaining ia force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on the sum insured
 ia policies issued in 1837; 71 per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, aad in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at the death of the party insur
 ed, for the benefit of a widow, children, friend* or
 creditors; aad it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rates qf the life insurance, which will he
 furnished by the subscriber to all who may feel aa
 interest ia the subject, that by paying a small sum to
 the office every year during ms life, a person may se
 cure to his family a very considerable amount at his
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is properly
 understood, it is extensively adopted, aad its great
 advantages to all, bat more especially to those who
 depend oa their own exertions for the support of their
 families, or who may be desiriouo to secure the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friends, creditors or
 children, at their decease, which they might be oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system needs but to be explained to ensure the seri
 ous consideration of the public.
 la several instances it has happened that the party
 insured has died shortly after having paid only one
 or two inslalmeols of the prsmiom, when his family
 have received from this office the full amount for
 which he had ineared.
 FaU infenaathm oa this importaat subject may ha
 obtained by applying, personally or by letter (poet
 paid) at the abet of the soboenber, the aothorwed
 agent of the Girard Life lasaraaee Uriamizy.
 WILLIAM BAKEWELL,
 BakewuTs Law Buildings,
 Grant street, Pittsburgh.
WM. 11. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, Ml Bruad
 •»J- Afro aaexieanive assortment of Cravats.
 Stocks, Hosiery, Gloves, fee
 Afcaay, Fob. 11, IMS.
PROSPECTUS
 ißftrfcaa PlitNltfktl Jtvrtftl.
 O. I. fowler, eoito*.
 npo reform sad pertrrt om vetoes sad ore race, is
 1 iks mss* axaksd of sll works. Yet, to do this we
 ■art undent**! tke Hau Constitution. Tb»
 Phrenology, Physiology and Vital Magaetis*
 brace, aad scan expound all the laws
 conditions af happiness, and constitute the philoso
 pher's stone of Universal Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Earh uuuobrr will contain either tke analysis aad
 location of mm phrenological faculty, illustrated by
 an Engraving, or aa srural on their eosabinatfods;
 aad also the organization aad character of nano di*-
 tiaguiahed personage, accompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health 1- Lifr, The great instrument of talent vir
 tue and happiness, ail of which it augments. To its
 per serration aad restoration, special attention will be
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With prartial instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truths which it unfolds, will be presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy, the iufiwenrr they can
 wield, and their preparation for conducting our insti
 tutions, will form the theme of n series ofartkfes.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long oarnestly, and would not strive
 mssidaously, to cultivate his natural powers, and
 render himself better and more happy! To such,
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE M’.MliLKfi of this Joantal will hr
 sent GRATIS, wfan desired.
 To receive attention, letters and orders must be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER It WELLS.
 N.» 131 Nassau St.,New Y’ork
WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots and Shoe*, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap tor ca»h. Strict attention
 gi‘l to custom-made work, by Messra. Parker and
WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the h arried Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the]scientific
 experiments of Mr. Heinmer of England,* have
 recently ami indubitably established tin fact, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in hannonv with
 natural and physiological laws— to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
 electrical state, and that the electrical emanations
 the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their v« literal ions
 against die positive ei.ectkical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may lie permitted her*
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases u fare the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of watei
 to afford relief. Ou the other hand, when the part*
 of the body alluded to, arc in tlie electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by w hich the undersigned ii
 governed, in detecting tHe symptoms anel characte
 1 of disease, ami practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Frofesso
 Means and Mr. Heimner, could not fail to convinc
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generous!
 awarded for his success is a Hydropathic Practi'
 tioner, by a discerning public, and tlie gratilud
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure t
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned wil
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit,and meri
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who ma
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Lickinj
 j Water, or Mill River, about two and a half inilei
 from tlie centre of the town. It is conveniently
 i arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress*
 I ing-rootns, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, ant
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, foi
 i abundance, purity, and adaptedness to watcr-cnrt
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other
 hlishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, tc
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should
 Elainly dressed, enjoying their ramblrs withoui
 eing exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sail
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves witli
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotion sheets, two pillow rases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, tc
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, au um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Term&gt; for treatment and board are $5 60 tc
 88 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tfa character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first ami second
 floors, ’BB 50 per week. Patient* requiring extra
 i attention or tire in their rooms, (except for swath
 i ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel
 I or pay an extra price.
 D. KUGGLES.
 Karthamptuii March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from tfa
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always fa- in readiness at the Northampton depot, tc
 convey them hitlier.
 Tim human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of tfa
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so tnai
 out of 356 experiments made bv Mr. Ilemmer ol
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of die fluid upon the surface, we believe to he indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of die whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any canse, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddre**, delivered before the Medical College ol
 isSrgia, at die opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., l’rofessor ol
 Chemistry am! Fharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., |»ge 25
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Bul)scriber fags leave to call tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 cl ironic disease, to his hydropathic establishment ia
 Athol, Mass.
 llis house was opened for tfa reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 Parity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” Tkr location is quite eligible, being but
 •hort distance from tfa V'. it M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. 80 that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 hvkhfal results far which (hey labor.
 The following ease i this Crates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me fast
 August. Her case presented the following pbeao
 «ur«*. If placed ia aa erect position, aad feft ou
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 |rw»d. If fafa| well supported, she made aa]
 cfcrt to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 depute her efforts to the contrary, would crass the
 other. Bhe had teen ia this condition nearly a
 yw. Her treatment commenced the 10tb of Mcpt.,
 and was continued to tfa 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, eo far recovered as to fa able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Mince her return to her family, she
 hns coot!ruled her baths, with eorrespooding im
 prvtvfsm.nl to her health. Bhe now attends to far
 dnmeslic dmies, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired 10 bring three comfortables,
 F* woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 bomfages**** toWe aMr^ tor
 Teram, from five to tea dollars per week, accord-
 Mg to the aecceekiee or choice of the patients.
 ■moo who are less parymotor fa the refaction of
 »«ai, or are wiUiag to occupy them ia
 with others, will be cLarged Isos.
 Athol, March, 1848. GBORGB HOYT.
POTERTf:
 m» ILLEGAL UAUNF9 AND LEGAL
 CURE
 BY LYSaVDER BPOONKR.
 The Albany Patriot calls ii— 11 A tnl pamphlet o
 P*§** very remarkable prudmtkm.”—
 .T*** ’’I 1 *n» tripat feats of Mr. Spooner
 would be realised In tfa fall lout ton of his theory,
 we &lt;fo not fare «t&lt;&gt;f &gt;to enquire; hot we heartily coas
 •uend his evxfenvur to the notice of all who lore a
 transparent foirihfe diction— intrepid imfepeofenre—
 twifinal thought—and entire freedom from the rant
 of SQCt to forty. Asa jwbrud writer ,fa »&lt;Vp«h,
 a compass, far beyond nnv ntm whore productions
 have met nor eve in a long time.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’s Magazine sat*— 44 It »hounds
 in bold ami original thought*. Tfa illegal causes o
 poverty ai» stated, and a number ».f important propo
 sitions bearing on the subject laid
 whole, we ronsitlrr it a work well worth studying—
 affording a* it iWs many valuable hints totfa «ta*e*
 man and political economist.
 The Bangor Gazette says— 44 An able and certain
 ly original work, from the pen of Lv.Tinder Spooner
 Esq.—author of that powerful hook which demon
 strates the unconMittrtionnlity of American Slavery.
 There is no writer of the age, of logical acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,’ This new work is &lt;fe*.
 lined4b lead to a re-examination of all former sys
 tems of political_ economy.” At first blush his era.
 Domical propositions strike us as sustainable— and if
 diey are so, his work will prevail, ami produce sn
 important revolution in the present prevailing ws
 tern.
 44 Every one should read it.”
 BLLA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Prise 25 Cents.
 llarlS Wgriaitto Lxtract
 Is the only remedy that can V OD f or tbe
 permanent cure of Spasmodic C^nrv^ long mta
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Si&lt;V Headache
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Physic*
 gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including the
 dreadful of all diseases that aflect the human race—.
 Epilepsy, or Falling Htchttss.— Hysterical Fiia,
 Convulsions, Spasms, &amp;c It it well known, that
 from time immemorial. Physicians hare pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It hn* baffled all t! eir
 skill, and the honsted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands nave suffered through a mis
 erable existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
 j the ,1/rar of Insanity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it can be cured. He would, therefore, respect
 i fully invite physicians, and all others wlio are inter
 ested, to exami'te the testimony which is here offered.
 If it is deception, let it be exposed but if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen years,
 has been tested bv many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful dissase, and in even case where
 it has had a fair trial, lias effected n permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted w ith Fils for more
 than nine years, aial has been cured by the use of
 tlie Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and has liecn restored to perfect health (alter
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell ro.,
 Alabama, who is one of the fast Physicians in the
 State, says that fa has been much Iwnefitted by the
 j use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat-
 I iugly prescrifas it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge,
 i Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many past he
 i has been sorely afflicted w ith Fits, and fa is now
 1 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 -j Vegetable Extract, lias restored him to sound health,
 i) being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases,
 r Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 having used the Vegetable Extiact successfully in
 r! his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 y and Tyventv-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Houghton, a inemfar of his family has
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he yvas obliged to relinquish his
 I business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex*
 t tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect faalth, and left this city for the State oi
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Cliurcn,
 Spotswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 r with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 i that fa has user! Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, amt
 rj his health has been so much improved that fa hopes
 j by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Eus.—F or twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wond«rful
 j medicine.
 Read the following remaikable rase of the son ol
 Wm. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart’s Vegetable Extract. —l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a lour to Eu
 rope with him which 1 did. I first visited England,
 I consulted tlie most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three months
 without perceiving any change for the fatter, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and die most (hat I received
 was their opinion that my son’s rase was hopeless
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned fame in the month ol
 i November last, with my son as far from being cured
 as when 1 left, I saw jour advertisement in one of
 the Neyv Yoik papeis, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twentv and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you I am not
 sorry I did so, as by die use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extiact alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEALTH, His reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now fafore him of life, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 rears of age, and 27 years 6
 months of this time Tias been afflicted with this
 j most dreadful of diseases, fat thank God is now
 enjoying good faalth.
 Now, sir, faith without' works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shaU fa ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as I fare enclose you one hundred (iohars,
 1 1 have no doubt fat you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept this arm.out as interest
 j on tfatlebt in advance.
 Yours, very- respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECURE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almoni miraculous efficacy ol
 this truly wonderful medicine, read tfa following
 fetter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of die most eminent physicians in that place:
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1846.
 Brotfar laborer in tfa cause of humanity—Dear
 sir: It is with no small degree ol'pleasure that I
 am enabled to announce to you die complete triumph
 of your invaluable medicine'in case* of Epifep-v. I
 1 have preseribed it in four instances in tins vicinity,
 aad it has been highly suctesatul in all. Three o
 tfa patients, I trust, have fan radically cured.
 The fourth one is rapidly improving, and will, I
 think without doubt recover. I am not in the habit
 of prescribing or recommending (latent medicines,
 but when I see an article which promises so much
 I for tfa relief of guttering humanity, feel n &gt;y duty
 j to recommend it, and I have no fasitatiin in sav
 ing dial as soon as the faculty are fully acquainted
 with the real merit of your medicine, tfay will
 close their eves against prejudice and lend you s
 helping hand.
 I subscribe myself yours, sincerely,
 [Signed] W. L. MONROE, M. D
 To Dr. 8. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
 When thousands who are now tremblme un.fer
 the hand of this dreadful disuse, and feam* Sat
 every attack proye foul, »,U hod persu.v m
 rehrf and be restored to new life, by using this
 celebrated medicine. 1
 I OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 I Have beea received ia testimony of tfa Bei«-tufa
 rMdi produced by the um of Dr. Hart’s Vegeta
 j ijle h*tract.
 ttj- Prepared by S. 11ART, M I) New York.
 Price, one package 0u
 Do four packages
 Do eight package* au (ju
 fICC carefully packed t»p in ho**t for
 portAUu®, mad mmd to anv port at tW LujuhJ
 Mexico, anti \C7»t Indies.
 A MILS, 1«0 Mail, street, &lt;.a
 rtnoau, Ohio, General Agents for the United
 h whom all comanmicalions must fa sd*
 dreened Pont Paid.
 A. B fc D. Banda Corner of Faltou and Willi*® 81.
 New York
 H. D. Wade, Main h St. Pauls Rochester,
 E. Hollidge, 217 Main street Buffalo,
 H* k E. Gaylord, Agents for Cleveland Ofoo,
 Fay A KUlfaume, Columbus,
 J. G A G. H Hill, Detroit, Michigaa.
 Was. Cunningham, Mtflwaukie U is.
 J. R Reed, and Co., Chkazu 111.
 Doet. T. Mason, Duiinque lowa.
 H. Harks fey, ami Cm., St. Urn* Mo.
 Aad far Safa by most of the priecipal Dnmi
 throughout the United States.
 THOMAS It MILLS, M» Mam street.
 •ep. EL—ly Cmemaau.Ofae
"
