"FREDERICK OOI'GLABB, i
 11. R. DF.LANY, i Editor*
VOL. 11. NO. 19.
Tlf NORTH ITAR b p«UiikMl every
 Friday, M No. 3ft, Bafalo Street,
 ((&gt;&amp;mtt tkt Arrtif
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, a&lt;lt-tnrr. No
 subscript inn will he receive.! l«r a W*** term than
 lit month..
 A.lverti*e«nrnt» not eKree-ii'Mt *en line* inserted
 three time* (&gt;r one dollar evert’ •ob*eqorut m*er»
 tion, twenty-five rent*.
 TitK ohiect of tlie Noutm Si to attach
 SLAVERY in all it* forme ami a*}**cu; advocate
 hmrißtiL F.Mavciv avion; exalt tlte standard
 ol‘ Public Morality; promote the moral and in
 tellectual improvement of the COLORED PtOTLE;
 •ad hasten the dav of FREEDOM to the Tnurr
 Million' of our EvtiAVin Fmn* Corv-
 TRTHM.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 fry. All ronunaNication* relating to the tmsinm
 m-u'm, of c he pap«i names of subscriber*, remit
 tance*. Ur., should be addressed to Jons Dice,
 I oblifiher.
 33CJ* A rent*, and all others sending name*, are
 r guested to lie accurate, and give the Pv*t Ojfirt
 ihe Csuafy, and the Slat'. Each Snlwcriher is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 QtJ* Any person sending in tlie payment for fair
 soltscribers, to lie fortvarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy f»r one year.
 [fT All letter* and commnnications must Is* post
 paid.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 M ass a CMC sett*. —R. F. Walmtt, 21, Coruliill,
 Bsrobj Natliau Joluison, New Bedford; Horatio M
 Foster, l/owell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Charles 11. Seth, Springfield David Hnzgle*,
 Nortliainpton; 11. Caqieuter. I pton.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont.—Rowland T. Robinson, North fer
 ri«borz.
 CorkECTI CUT. —Jonathan New Haven
 .New Hampshire.— Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 New Vork. —Svdnev H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; Janie* McCuiie Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph* Po?t, Westburj Queen Countv Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Dotv, Mamion: Willetts Kee«e,
 Peru, Clinton Countv; William S. Baltimore, Tinny;
 J. F.' Platt. Penn Tan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Khoiik Isi.akd. —Ainarancy Paine, Providence.
 Penksvi.vaki a. —J. M. M’Kirn,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Botvn,Pittsburgh; Wa. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roi*&gt;rts, Jacoli L. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Omo. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veyslairgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michioan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wavne Co
Selections.
 BOM BASTES AND lIIS BOOTS.
 There is trouble brewing in South
 Carolina. The rest of the Union does
 not seem to be aware of it—but there,
 is no doubt of the fact. The genial j
 warmth of the Spring, instead of ani
 mating' hrt* more kindly symapthies,
 seemi only to ferment the sap of her
 asperity. Her patriotism and her pal
 mettoes become green together. The
 temperature of her heroic ardor rises i
 with the mercury, and by the time of t
 the dog-days she will be equally ready i
 for the hydrophobia or a fight.
 The newspapers of South Carolina
 are talking of Committees of Safety
 and Correspondence, non-intercourse,
 confiscation, and such revolutionary
 things. All this is very alarming; yet
 such is the apathy of the public mind,
 that we observe no signs of a whole
 some terror anywhere. The little State,
 is quite in earnest; yet *he public will;
 not believe it—and if they did believe;
 it, so much is heroism at a discount, j
 that we seriously fear nobody would j
 care about it.—But, for our own part,
 such is the admiration we cherish for
 chivalry, that it is always sure of our
 applause, even though it appears moun
 ted only on the stump, or figures no
 where but upon paper. It may be a
 perversity of taste, but we must confess
 that our idea of a hero is the greater
 in proportion as his stature is less; we
 prefer Gen. Thumb to the Belgian
 giant; and cannot imagine a perfect
 champion except in high-heeled boots,
 and of such altitude only that he would
 have to stand on tip-toe to pull an ad
 versary’s nose.
 South Carolina is remarkable for
 perseverance in wrath. She varies
 only in the aspect of it. She will not
 be in a good humor on any terms. Her
 nose, like her musket, is always cocked.
 ShB would consider it an abandonment
 of dignity to put on an affable look,
 and State rights would be in danger if
 she should once relax into a smile. The
 price of liberty is eternal vigilance—
 and she watches hers so closely that
 she has no liberty to do anything else.
 The latest pronunciaraento from the
 land of lofty doings is to be found in
 the South Carolinian of the 16th inst.
 It is to the followingeffect:—
 ‘The people of this State may, after
 due deliberation and reflection, adopt a
 strict non-intercourse in trade and com
 merce, as regards the Northern States.
 This, if adopted, would doubtless have
 the same effect, but to make it tho
 roughly effective, it must receive the
 full consent of the mass of our people.
 It must be adopted only after mature
 and calm deliberation. YV e want to
 see no storm raised within our own
 confines; we would deprecate any
 measure that would array one portion
 of the people of this State against the
 other, either in sentiment or action.—
 YY hatever course is deemed desirable,
 to be of any avail, it must be adopted
 with the greatest unanimity.
 ‘When “agitation” was necessary to
 arouse the people, it was our duty to be
 diligent in the matter. Now that the
 people have taken the initiative in their
 district meetings, our duty, and the
 duty of the press throughout the State,
 we believe to be the securing of perfect
 harmony and unanimity of opinion in
 their further acts and deliberations. To
 this task the South srolinian will ap
 ply iuelf, and will endeavor to avoid
 Ihe agitation ct any scheme which might
 carry within itself the elements of ;ts
 own destruction, and consequently de
 feat our purposes. 'Confinealion’ of
 the property of the people of the North
 has beeu hinted at and suggested. We
THE NORTH STAR,
J believe such a proposition wholly in
 defeasible at this time. It is an ex
 treme measure, and should only be
 adopted at the list extremity. And is
 there any man of common sense who
 does not know that such a procedure
 would at once involve us in civil war?
 Better, far better, would it be for the
 whole South calmly to avow their deter
 mination to withdraw from the confed
 eracy, and define the limits of a new
 republic.
 ‘The course to be pursued—the
 mode of action to be adopted—is now,
 we consider, entirely in the hands of
 the Committees of Safety and Corres
 pondence. They must get to work.
 The people did not appoint them under
 any other expectation but that they
 would work. We feel confident they
 will not abuse the solemn trust com
 mitted to their charge, and that we will
 hear from them at an early day.
 ‘Our time or limits will not permit
 us to consider the non-intercourse pro
 position to-day; we will do so probably 1
 hereafter. We believe the suggestion j
 to be a good one; and that no better 1
 means could be used to bring the people
 of the North to their senses. But it
 must be the voluntary sacrifice of the
 whole people, and must be the policy of
 two or more States to render it success
 ful to any great extent.’
 It is lamentable that with a heart so
 set upon treason, this unfortunate com
 monwealth should never find her way
 to it. The Tantalus of States, she
 pines within sight of what she longs
 for, yet cannot rrach. She is always
 baffled when she plots rebellion, and
 cannot by any accident stumble upon
 it. The disclosure is given forth, how
 sver. that it ‘must be the policy of two*
 or more States, to render it successful
 to any great extent.’
 There is the drawback. She would
 willingly break into the citadel of the
 Union, and despoil it of its treasures, 1
 but she cannot ventnre w ithout an ac
 complice; she must have ‘a centre-bit
 and a hoy.” But thus far she sits alone 1
 |in the realms of non-content. The Au
 gusta (Ga.) Chronicle, one of the best
 papers of the South, gives some whole
 some advice to the little termagant
 State, which the latter, of course,, will
 not follow'. The Chronicle intimates
 that the best way to establish a proper
 degree of non-intercourse with the
 North is for the people of South Caro
 lina to manufacture for themselves eve
 ry article now made for them in New
 England; that anti-abolition resolutions
 will not prevent the State from losing
 a representative under tne ratio of the
 next census; and it has the temeHty to
 add that a cart-I£|fi of&lt;good, manure
 is worth more to tlie
 than a thousand such resolutions.’ The
 idea! State rights and guano, liberty
 and lime—that it should come to this!
 Disdainful chivalry expands his offend
 ed nostrils.
 But it is further added, that ‘the trade
 and commerce of a small aggregate of
 deserted, desolated cotton planiations’
 —meaning thereby the magnanimous
 State of South Carolina—‘will be of
 j little consequence to the rest of the
 Union;’ and that instead of exporting
 so many emigrants and their property,
 j for which no return whatever is left
 j behind, South Carolina should take
 measures to invite immigrants with their
 capital, their industry and their enter
 prise, to come and settle permanently
 within her limits. But, as we have said,
 this advice will not be followed—at
 least, not yet. South Carolina will
 stick to her two staples, politics and
 cotton; and as the latter falls off, she
 will cultivate the other more largely.—
 She will manufacture nothing but reso
 lutions. In proportion as she loses her
 representatives in Congress, those that
 remain, like the Sybilline books, will
 increase in importance as the number
 grows less; if but one should be left,
 the whole State would scarcely be large
 i enough to hold him; if all should dis
 appear,she would be represented in the
 lower House, as she already is in the
 Senate, by a gigantic shadow.—Balti
 more Patriot.
Froui the Syracuse Star.
 LETTER FROM THE SOUTH.
 Alabama, March *2O, 1849.
 To one who has been pent up for
 twenty years in Syracuse, with only %n
 occasional peep at the country, this few
 months'residence, amid scenes ofsoi
 much beauty, is charming; but I have
 only to look upon the cultivated held, 1
 where women are following the plough,
 under the direction of a taskmaster, to
 be reminded of the system of unrequit
 ed toil, which crushes to the earth more
 than half the population. The Iceland
 er says of his ice-bound isle, ‘it is the
 pleasantest spot the sun ever shone on;’
 and so I am disposed to say of toy
 northern home; for though nature may
 sometimes wear a cold and dreary garb
 and the sun may not shine as bright as
 here, its rays fall upon a free, intelli
 gent, and enterprising people.
 I cannot but feel a deep interest in
 the ‘vexed question’ of the day, as I
 see it developed in city and conntry and
 learn something of its real character.
 Southern papers teem with what they
 call northern aggression, and every one
 who stands up in defence of the ‘pecu
 liar institution,’ especially if he is a
 northerner, is ‘the man they delight to
 honor.' In some recent editorials in a
 New York religious paper, (the Obser
 ver,) the slaveholder is apologised for
 on the ground that ‘the system was ori
 ginally forced upon him, and that the
 South has already done more for eman
 cipation, than Great Brittain with her
 boasted £20,000,000, that if the north
 will not interfere, the South will soon
 abolish the system, and the editor longs
 for restoration of the state of feeling
 and opinion on that subject which exis
 ted twenty-five and fifty years ago,
RIGHT is or NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR— GOD IS TH$ FATHER OF US ALL, AMD ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
when no anli-sl a very society existed
 north of Mason's and Dixon’s line.
 This he calls ‘the golden age of our
 Republic.’ Extracts from these editori
 als are going the rounds oft he southern
 papers, amid rejoicings that a paper of
 such high authority, can be quoted in
 defence of the institution. Tne Hon.
 Mr. Brown, of Pennsylvania, is receiv
 ing the compliments of the press, for a
 recent speech in Congress, in defence
 of the south, where he is reported to
 have said, *he did not think the same
 number of laborers could be found any
 where, better clothed and fed, than the
 slaves at the south.' But he says they
 should be educated, good books put in
 their hands, the marriage tie should be
 made binding as that of the whites, and
 families should not be separated. Every
 intelligent northerner, who has seen
 anything of slavery as it is must know
 that the comparison fhadfe between the
 slave and the mass of free northern and
 western laborers, is alike insulting as
 untrue. The alavea of the south are
 almost entirely included in two classes,
 the field hands or tillers of the soil, and
 domestic or house servants.
 If we attempt to compare the food
 and clothing of the slave, with that of
 the free tiller of the soil, and the free
 domestic, the comparison will utterly
 fail; and even the Irish ditcher upon
 our canals and railroads can obtain bet
 ter clothing, more palatable food and
 comfortable shelter for his family, than
 is provided for the slave. But I will
 only state facts, and leave others to
 judge how the home comforts ot the free
 and slave laborer will compare. The
 food of the slave is of the coarsest and
 cheapest possible kind. The former
 consists of principally corn meal and
 bacon, portioned out to them by an
 overseer. They are sometimes allowed
 to keep a few fowls, which adds some
 thing to their meagre fare. Wheat, flour,
 molasses, sugar, butter, tea and coffee are
 luxuries entirely beyond their reach.
 The free laborer returns from his toil,
 to his noonday or evening meal, and
 plain though it may be, he finds it pre
 pared, and partakes of it with the wife
 nad children he calls his own. The
 slave wife leaves her plough or hoe be
 hind her, and returns to her desolate
 home, and partakes of a cold prepara
 tion, or else the hour usually given to
 rest is spent in preparing the necessary
 ineal. When the mothers go out to
 their employment in the morning, the
 infants and young children belonging,
 on the plantation are brought together!
 and taken care of through the day, by j
 some negress appointed for that pur
 pose. Of their clothing, ii is uneces-
 Bary to say more than this—it corres
 ponds with their houses and food. Pro
 bably it is as comfortable as though of
 a finer texture, bnt as I pass the fields
 and see my own sex following the
 plough, making fence, or ditching by
 the road side, and in such unsightly
 garb, hanging, perhaps in rags about
 them, 1 feel indignant at the system,
 which degrades woman almost to the
 level of the brute. But of their houses
 I have said nothing. The slave cabins
 on the coast between Baton Rouge and
 New Orleans are white-washed, and
 have a neat appearance from the river;
 but from what I have seen in other parts
 of the country, 1 am prepared to say,
 they are like white-washed sepulchres,
 not made for inside examination. Negro
 houses in the country are built ot logs,
 with chimnies of sticks and mud, usual
 ly but one room, a rough, unmatched
 floor, no windows, sometimes as a sub
 stitute, a hole filled by a swing-tight
 blind, and not the first article of decent
 furniture in them. Around the houses
 there is not the least appearance of do
 mestic comfort, while the ragged cloth
 ing, the Indian blankets hanging about
 and the dirty half clothed childen grow
 ing up in filth and ignorance, remind
 me of the Indian huts on the Onondan
 go Reservation. I had expected to find
 them better housed than they are, with
 more of the little comforts that every
 one loves to gather around his home.
 I had heard of the garden patches,
 where they could raise vegetables to
 sell for their own benefit, and of the
 Saturday afternoon when they were ex
 empt from toil, and could spend their
 time for their own profit or amusement;
 but all this sounds better abroad, than
 here, where facts deny the assertion.
 Negro houses in the cities, are built
 with a little more reference to outside
 appearance; but of the inside arrange
 ments, little better can be said of them
 than those iuthe country.
 Who can be found to say that the
 physical condition of the slave does not
 need elevating r ‘But of how small im
 portance compared with his condition
 mentally.'
 In this age of the world, when the
 march of reform is onward, and we are
 called to w itness the death-throes' of
 despotism, and the birth-struggles of
 freedom, when humanity is asserting
 its rights, and oppression is loosing its
 grssp,surely the slave should begin to
 take rank in the common brotherhood
 ef mam. H.
THE FALSE REFUGE OF THE
 GUILTY.
 It seems by the (Baptist; “Religous
 Herald,” of V irginia, one of the pop
 ular religous papers of our day, that, af
 ter nine years from its publication, a
 copy of “Charles Simmon’s Scripture
 Manual”, has found its way into the
 state of Virginia, and come under the
 eye of the editor of thst paper. The
 effect produced on the mind of that gen
 tleman is remarkable. The appear
 ance of the cholera in Richmond, would
 not have awakened in him more alarm,
 or more aroused bis sanitary precau
 ttousnese. The article is a curiosity;
 and we copy the whole of it, simply
 premising that this terror-exciting book,
 aa jUi who have read it luiow, is made
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1849.
up of Bible passages, arranged agree
 ably with the compiler’# judgment, un
 der various heads. If there is some
 fault in that arrangement, and on some
 subjects we think there is, jet there the
 reader has the language of the Bible,
 and can judge for himself whether the
 arrangement is right or not. But Mr.
 Sands, the editor, is greatly moved, and
 issues his proscriptive Bull forbidding
 the people to read or buy the danger
 ous book. A real Romish "Papa” could
 scarcely have fulminated a louder one
 from the Vatican. One of the faithful
 brought the suspicious book to his no
 tice, and deserves to be rewarded with
 a Dukedom. Has the Virginian Pope
 not some rich benefice te bestow upon
 him or at least a beautiful slave
 *'A Contraband Articlk.— A friend
 has brought to our notices work, which
 has been hawked about our city for
 some weeks past, and eagerly
 pressed upon the attention of the com
 munity, as one of extraordinary value.
 It is entitled ‘A Scripture Manual. &amp;c.
 By Charles Simmons, N. Y. M. W.
 Dodd, 1848;’ and is recommended by
 many distinguished men of the North.
 One of these tells us that ‘the author
 has had particular reference to the
 prevailing errors of the times.’ This
 looks somewhat suspicious, coming as
 it does from a northern region; and the
 book itself shows that slavery is one of
 the errors against which it is aimed.
 The author gives us passages of Scrip
 ture on ‘servitude;’ and then, as some
 thing distinct from it, on ‘slavery and
 oppression,’ Under this latter head,
 he says, ‘See Rights of Man;’ and on
 turning to it, we perceive that it is di
 rected mainly against our institutions.
 —The Scriptures are perverted; pas
 sages being cited which really have no
 reference to the subject. If Northern
 men choose to pervert the Scriptures,
 they ought not to palm their impositions
 on us; and if they deem slavery a sin,
 they ought at least to have the decency
 not to attempt to make money by sel
 ling their antislavery books to the slave-;
 holders. The book is, moreover, un-|
 sound in its theology. No Baptist—
 no Southerner—ought to countenance!
 it.”
 Now one word more. "If Northern
 men deem slavery a sin, they ought at
 least to have the decency not to attempt
 to make money by selling their antisla
 very books to slaveholders.”
 Plato, Seneca, Aristotle, Daniel, all
 truly wise men, come to the rescue!—
 come for the defence of the poor ‘slave
 holders’!! Alas! for the Patriarchal
 institution of the American—the Bap
 tist South, if "Connecticut pedlars” of
 Bible passages—‘‘Scripture Manuals”
 —are not crossing that broad
 line (it is infinite in breadth, if not in
 length) which sepqjafes the land of sla
 very’s paradise mm the Bible-printing
 and even Bible “selling” North. To
 insult a sinner by offering to sell him a
 Bible for precious lucre obtained by his
 very “sin” too. O, it is anti-republi
 can, anti-patriarchal, anti-Baptist, and
 almost anti-slavery. Keep back the
 colporteurs. They must never sell a
 Bible to a sinner. It is wanting in “de
 cency” to do so.
 gCPSince writing the above, we ob
 serve that a colored man is trying to
 redeem his wife who is owned by a
 “Mr. Sands.”—ls he the editor of the
 Religious Herald?— Christian Contri
 butor.
EXEMPTION IN PENNSYLVANIA.
 The Pennsylviania papers give the
 recent enactment on this subject, as
 under. Property, to the value ol three
 hundred dollars, is by this bill exempted
 from levy and sale in execution and
 distress for rent. The Bill has passed
 both houses, and is now a law.
 Sec. I. That in lieu of the property
 now exempt by law from levy and sale
 on execution issued upon any judgment
 obtained upon contract, and distress for
 rent, property to the value of three
 hundred dollars, exclusive of all wear
 ing apparel of the defendant and bis
 family, and all Bibles and school books
 in use in the family, (which shall remain
 exempted as heretofore,) and no more,
 owned by or in possession of any
 debtor, shall be exempt from levy and
 sale on execution or by distress for
 rent.
 Sec. *2. That the sheriff, constable, or
 other officer charged with the execution
 of any warrant issued by competent au
 thority, for the levying upon and selling
 the property, either real or personal, ofj
 any debtor, shall, if requested by the
 debtor, summon three disinterested and i
 competent persons, who shall be sworn
 or affirmed, to appraise the property,
 which the said debtor may elect to re
 tain under the provisions of this act, for
 which service the said appraisers ahall be
 entitled to recieve fifty cents each, to
 be charged as part of the costs of the
 proceedings, and property thus chosen
 and appraised, to the value of three hun
 dred dollars, shall be exempt from levy
 and sale on the said execution or war-
 rant, excepting warrants for the collec-,
 tion of taxes.
 Sec. 3. That in any case where the
 property levied upon aa aforesaid shall
 consist of reafes'.aterof greatevalue than
 three hundred dollars, and the defend
 ant in such shall elect to retain real es
 tate amounting in value to the whole
 sum of three hundred dollars, or any
 less sum, the appraisers aforesaid shall
 determine whether, in their opinion,
 the said real estate can be divided witb
 to injury to or spoiling the whole, and
 if the said appraisers shall detenane that
 the said real estate can be divided as
 aforesaid, then they shall proceed to set
 apart so much thereof as in their opin
 ion shall be of sufficient to answer the
 requirement of the defondant in such
 case, designating the same by proper
 metes and bounds, all of which proceed
 ings shall be certified in writing by the
said appraisers, or a majority of them,
 under their proper hands and seals, to
 the sheriff, under sheriff, or coroner,
 charged with the execution of the writ
 in such a case, who shall make return of
 the same to the proper court from which
 the writ issued, in connection with the
 said writ: Provided. That this section
 shall not be construed to affect or im
 pair the liens to bonds, mortgages, or
 other contracts, for the purchase mooey
 of the real estate of insolvent debtors.
 Sec. 4. That upon return made of the
 writ aforesaid, with the proceedings
 therein, the plaintiff in the case shall be
 entitled to have his writ of venditioni
 exponas as in other cases, to sell the
 residue of the real estate included in
 the levy aforesaid if the appraisers afore
 said shall have determined upon a divi-
 sion of the said real estate, but if the
 said appraisers shall determine against 1
 a division of said real estate, the plain- 1
 tiff may have a writ of venditioni expo-!
 nas to sell the whole of (he real estate
 included in such levy, and it shall and
 may be lawful in the latter case, for the!
 defendant in the execution to receive
 from the sheriff or other officer, of the
 proceeds of said sale so much as he
 would have recieved at the appraised!
 value had the said real estate been di
 vided.
 Sec. 5. That the twenty-sixth section 1
 of the act, entitled, An Act relating!
 to executions,” passed sixteenth June, j
 one thousand eight hundred and thirty-;
 six and the seventh and eighth sections
 of an act entitled "An Act in regard to
 certain entries in ledgers in the city of
 Pittsburgh, and relating to the publish
 ing of sheriff’s sales and for other pur-1
 poses,” passed twenty-9econd April,
 one thousand eight hundred and forty-'
 six, and all other acts inconsistent with
 this act, be and the same are hereby
 repealed.
 Sec. 6 That the provisions of this act
 shall not take effect until the fourth day
 of July next, and shall apply to debts
 contracted on and after that date.
 i
DISCOVERIES OP A PEACEFUL
 AGE.
 We cannot recount all the discoveries
 of this peaceful age, from a lucifer
 match up to a railroad, and from a
 steamship down to a pair of guttapercha'
 goloshoes. But these discoveries have.
 made the modern laborer a mightier'
 man than an ancient lord. Just look
 at your lot, and wonder at your wealth, j
 There was your worthy father—when
 he wanted to be up betimes, he lost
 half the night listening to the village J
 clock, and starting up at all hours ex
 cept the right one, and when at last,;
 a trifle late, he jumped out of bed, and
 got hold of the* tinder-box, after ten
 minutes’ practice with the flint and
 steel, heated but not enlightened,
 through sleet and slush he had to seek
 his neighbor’s door, and borrow a bur
 ning brand.—Bat soq'ttdly reposing all
 the night, and by an'alarm roused at
 the appointed minute, you rasp the
 ready match across the sanded surface,
 and in a moment are surrounded by an
 affluence of the purest light. It was
 in the Brighton van that your father
 traveled, that hard season he visited
 the coastrin search of work, and never,
 got the better of the long bleak jour-j
 ney. But for your own diversion you j
 took the trip the other day. You went
 in the morning and returned at night,
 and it cost you neither cough nor rheu
 matism, and less money altogether than
 you would have paid for one night’s
 jolting in the frosty van. When the
 last letter came from your poor brother
 in the North—penny stamps were not
 invented then—you remember how rue- 1
 ful you felt, as the postman refused to j
 leave the precious packet, for you had
 not in all the house a shilling and three-.
 pence halfpenny. And when your un-l
 cle broke his leg, and the bungling i
 surgeon set it so badly that it had to be
 broke and set anew, after all his torture
 he never got the full use of it again.
 But when you put out your shoulder
 blade, you cannot tell how they set it
 to rights; for all your remembrance is,
 the doctor holding some fragrant es
 sence to your nostrils, and you awoke
 from a pleasant trance, the arm was
 supple, and you yourself all straight
 and trim. To peace we are indebted
 for cities lit with gas, and rivers alive
 with steam. To peace we owe the lo
 comotive and the telegraph, which have
 made the British towns one capital, and
 the remotest provinces the enclosing
 park. To peace our thanks are due
 for food without restriction, and inter
 i course without expense; for journeys
 1 without fatigue, and operations without
 pain; cheap correspondence, and cheap
 corn; railway cars and chloroform.
 And to the same bounteous source, or
 rather to the Giver of peace and of
 every perfect gift, we stand beholden
 for the hundred expedients which now
 combine to make life longer and more
 I happy. —Tracts by the Rer. Jama Ham
 iltOH.
 FREDERICK DOUGLAS* IN NEW
 YORK.
 It is a source of gratification to us to
 have the pleasure of his visit in our
 city we have never enjoyed hie society
 so much as at this time, his visit among
 us could not have been more timely;
 the cause of improvement among us
 requires more labourers, and no one is
 I better calculated to make a favourable
 impression than ia Mr. Douglass: be
 possesses qualities eminently calcu
 lated to make him one of the most use
 i fol and important men of the age, he
 i is not only useful to our cause as a
 t writer but his heart seems to be a foun
 tain from which flows the deepest
 sympathy for his enslaved and oppres
 i and follow men, his social intercourse
 also is calculated to prodace the hap
 piest results upon thorn with whom be
 r mingles, his tfandard of morality is that
common sense kind which commend)
 itself to every man’sfcooscience in tlx
 sight of God; one cannot mingle in ht
 society without profit, and while th&lt;
 white people of this country are prom
 of their Websters, Clays, Calhouns
 Jeffersons, and Washingtons, am
 proudly point to their acts as signs o
 I their greatness as a nation, we cat
 point at least to our Douglass, and whet
 we compare him with the above namec
 gentlemen, each of whose greatness
 I consists in a single trait of character,
 Mr. Douglass possesses a combination
 of many of the noble qualities with
 which men are endowed, yet we would
 have him remember that these are gifts
 1 which he has received, and the only
 j credit due to him is that he has ctihi
 j vated them.
 The object of Mr. Douglass's visit at
 i this time among us is two-fold, viz: to
 1 lecture to us on the subject of improve
 ment, and procure subscribers to the
 wYoriA Star, and to accompany some
 friends to his resident In Rochester
 whom he expects will aime from Eu
 rope in the Sarah Sands, steamer; Mr.
 Douglass had an interesting meeting
 on Monday evening last in Brooklyn
 where his remarks were listened to with
 pleasure and profit, and it is to be hop
 ed that he will continue to hold similar
 meetings among us during his stay,
 and for the credit of New York it is to
 be hoped that our churches will be
 thrown open to him without charging
 him the uttermost farthing; he cannot
 have a meeting among us without we
 being profited by it. We are happy to
 state that two of the churches—Mr. Pen
 nington’s and Mr. Gloucester’s—have
 been thrown open to him without
 charge; as for Zion’s where he holds a
 meeting this Wednesday) evening we
 shall take occasion to say something at
 another time.
 C. L. Remond our distinguished ad
 vocate of equal rights is also here and
 will labor in connection with Mr. D.
 for our improvement, let each man and
 woman make it a religious duty to at
 tend these meetings, and remember
 Mr. Douglass wants subscriptions to
 his paper.— Ram's Horn.
 A COUNTRY WITHOUT A CUSTOM
 HOUSE.
 The most remarkable point in the
 social economy of Switzerland, is the
 universal principle of freedom in trade,
 in which respect it has no equal on the
 face of the earth. While in Great
 Britainjthe principles of a free exchange
 of commodities are still nothing more
 than a theory, in Switzerland thev are
 a practical good. A free tv;
 import are permitted. The government
 has no custom house establishment,
 either in aeference to the general fron
 tiers, or the frontiers of the respective
 states; the only impediment to the trans
 portation of goods in any direction, is
 the exaction of tolls at the rate of
 about one pennv per hundred weight,
 for the benefit of the cantonal revenues;
 from which however, the roads are
 kept in repair. At all the great out
 lets of Switzerland, strayng bodies o
 douaniers, or armed custom house of
 ficers, are stationed by the authority of
 other nations, for the purpose of rigor
 ously examining and taxing all articles
 that come out of the Swiss territory;
 but within the Swiss side of these out
 lets, there are no officials to pay any
 attention to anything that comes into
 the country; and in point of fact, the
 French, Germans and other neighbors,
 export to Switzerland whatever goods
 they please including all kinds of fore
 ign produce, without being charged
 with any duty whatever. This very
 remarkable state of things is partly as
 cribed to the contending state of the
 different cantons. Some cantons are
 agricultural, and others contain large
 seats of manufacture. But the agri
 cultural cantons would feel it very hard
 I to be biiged to buy* manufactured
 goods from a neighboring canton at a
 dearer rate than they could buy them
 abroad; the peasantry of Vaud have
 ,no idea of emptying their pockets to
 benefit the manufacturers of Basle
 and Zurich. Another cause, perhaps,
 is the vast expense which would neces
 sarily be incurred by attempting to
 watch the widely extended boundary
 beset by active contrabandists, it is
 iat the same lime fair to state, that in
 ail the deliberations of the Swiss au
 thorities for a number of years there
 appears to have been a great unanimity
 of feeling on the propriety of abstain
 ing from restrictions on commerce. A
 committee appointed by the diet in 1833,
 i to consider the subject of foreign rela
 tions, made the following report, one ol
 the most extraordinary ever uttered by
 the members of a legislative body.
 "First—The Swiss confederation
 shall irrevocably adhere to its establish
 ed system of free trade and manufac
 ture. Second—Under no circumstancei
 t and on no condition shall it form a part
 of the (French custom bouse system,
 of the Prussian commercial league, oi
 j the euston house line of any toreign
 nation. Third.—lt shall use every
 effort for the establishment and exten
 sion of the principles of free trade.—
 Fourth —It shall, as far as possible,
 discuss and conventions with
 the neighboring states, for the disposal
 of agricultural and vineyard produce
 and cattle, (or obtaining the free in
 gress of corn, and for maintaining the
 daily, reciprocal, economical, neigh
 borly, and border traffic and market
 transactions. Fifth—Wherever a free
 trade ts not obtainable, it shall endea
 vor to remove all prohibitions, to lewei
 duties, and to secure the power oi
 transit on (be most favorable terms.
 Sixth—When exceptionable favors car
 be obtained, they shall be used for tb&lt;
 advancement of those measures whicl
 fond to the accomplishment of the end)
 proposed; «o however that exchange
iOU.I DICK. Pcai»*"*«
WHOLE NO. 71.
be not thereby limited, nor pareomi
 liberty interfered with. Seventh—ln
 the intemor of Switzerland it aha)!
 make every exertion to assist industry,
 and to remove impediments to inter
 course; taking care, however, that it
 no not interfere with the personal con
 cerns of merchants and manufac
 turers.”
 All restrictions on the importation of
 articles from other countries being thus
 removed, it might be supposed by soma
 that the country would he deluged with
 foreign manufactures, greatly to the
 injurv of native capitalists and work
 men. But this does not appear to be
 the case. In several branches of man
 ufacture the Swiss excel; and the
 opportunity of buying certain kinds of
 foreign produce, at a particularly cheap
 rate, enables the people to encourage
 the growth of other manufactures in
 tbeir own country. The peasant who
 buys an English made knife for half
 what he could a Swiss one fer, has half
 bis mosey remaining wsnrwith to pur
 chase a nativemade ribbon; hence.
 Swiss manufactures of one kind or ano
 ther are sure to be encouraged.—Cham
 bers' Miscellany.
THE CORDS THAT HUXCi TAH'ELI.
 Whatever inay have been his fears,
 his hopes, his fancies, or his thoughts,
 suddenly flashed along .the wires of the
 electric telegraph, which were stretched
 close beside him, the following words:
 “A murder has just been committed at
 Salthill, and the suspected murderer
 was seen to take a first class ticket for
 London by the train which left Slough
 at 7h. 42m. p. m. He is in the garb of
 a quaker, with a brown great-coat on,
 which reaches nearly down to his feet.
 He is in the compartment of the second
 first-class carriages.” And yet, fast as
 these words flew like lightning past
 him, the information they contained,
 with ,all its details, as well as every se
 cret thought that had preceded them,
 had already consecutively flown mil
 lions ol times faster; indeed at the very
 instant that, within the walls of the lit
 tle cottage at Slough, there had been
 uttered that dreadful scream, it had
 simultaneously reached the jndgment
 seat of Heaven! On arriving at the
 Paddington station, after mingling for
 some moments with the crowd, he got
 into an omnibus, and as it rumblsd
 along taking out one passenger and put
 ting in another, he probably felt that his
 indentity was every iniuute becoming
 confounded and confused by the ex
 change of fellow passengers for stran
 gers that was constantly taking place.
 But all the time he was thinking, the
 cad of the omnibus—a policeman in
 disguise—knew that he held his victim
 like a rat in a cage. Without however
 apparently taking the slightest notice
 of him, he took one* sixpence, gave
 change for a.shilling, handed out this
 lady, stuffed in that one, until arriving
 at the Bank, the guilty man stooping as
 he walked towards the carriage door,
 descended the steps;—paid his fare;
 crossed over to the Duke of Welling
 ton’s statue, where pnusing a few min
 utes anxiously to gaze around him, he
 then proceeded to the Jerusalem coffee
 house, thence over London Bridge to the
 Leopard coffee-house, in the Borough,
 and finally to a lodging-house in Scott’s
 yard, Cannon-street. He probably
 fancied that, by making so many turns
 and doubles, he had not only effectually
 puzzled all pursuit, but that his appear
 ance at so many coffee-houses would
 assist him, if necessary, in proving an
 alibi but whatever may have been his
 motives or his thoughts, he had scarcely
 entered the lodging, when ths police
 man—who, like a wolf, had followed
 him every step of the way—opened his
 door, and very calmly said to him—
 the words no doubt were infinitely more
 appalling to him than the scream that
 had been haunting him—“Hav’nt you
 just come from Slough?” The mono
 syllable “No,” confusedly uttered in
 reply, substantiated his guilt. The po
 liceman made him his prisoner; he wa«
 thrown into jail, tried, and found guilty
 of wilful murder, and—hanged. A few
 j months afterwards, we happened to be
 i traveling by rail from Paddington to
 Slough, in a carriage filled with people
 all strangers to one another. Like
 English travelers, they were all mute.
 For nearly fifteen minutes no one had
 uttered a single word, until a short
 bodied, short-necked, short-noaed, ex
 ceedingiy respectable looking man in
 the corner, fixing bis eyes on the appa
 rently fleeting posts and rails of the
 electric telegraph, significantly nodded
 to us as he muttered aloud: “Them’s
 the cords that hung John Tawell.”—
 Stokers and Pokers by Sir Francis
 Head.
Remarkable Case.— The Boston
 Traveller mji that a mao, who hat for
 the last forty years been coo fined as a
 raving maniac in the poor house at
 Newton, has been suddenly restored to
 his reason. He has been regarded as
 incurable, and for a great part of the
 time during his confinement ne has been
 soviolent as to render it necessary to
 chain him. He appears like one awak
 ening from a long sleep, and remem
 bering distinctly events which occured
 previous to the loss of reason, bat noth
 ing that has transpired during the long
 years of bis confinement.
Cost oe Fighting. —In s apecch delivered
 io the House of Kepreaetnattvea on the appro
 pristion bill, Mr. Greeley stated that dating
 the sixty years of our nations! tx.au n:e, ihr
 government ha* expended fur warlike purposes
 the sura of *&lt;*s,93o,MK&gt;:
Her. Charles Avery, of AUeghaay eh..
 has given a lot of ground worth $9OOO, located
 in aa eligible portion of tbst citt, and is about
 to sreet uj*ve it s building to be worth 10
 000, tor the use of the rotated Wesleyan
 Methodists as a ehuicb, a college, and a pri
 ntsry school.
"
