"JJ o etvn.
 For the North Nt* r
 THE CAPTIVES’ DREAM*.
 11» night wti ifark; Tex**^
 In rippled water* lay, j
 IV Iwttow wind* were fijfhinf frr*
 And rang the beagtr’* hr;
 The pbnirt slept in iWf repose.
 The slave forgot awhile hi* woe*,
 And Pity looked (roe* Heave* wad united
 th» father. mother, and their child.
 There, ia the hovel where thev slept
 Together on tlie ground,
 Bright vision* o’er their spirit* crept,
 And ange|» watched around:
 They heeded not the beating storm.
 Nor the river’* dashing wave,
 But holy watcher* kept each fora,
 Aa they dreamed, though each a »tave.
 The father dreamed! In Afiric'a land.
 Betide Cowmiwa’i stream,
 Aa breeze* from the motmtain* fanned.
 He viewed iu silvery gleam.
 Hacked on iu hank* in aunihtne clear,
 While he drank it* tepid wave.
 And a* he dropped a grateful tear.
 Forgot that he was a slave.
 Agaia he chased the Congo bird.
 Amid the cocoa bower*—
 Again his parenu’ voice* beard.
 And danced away the hour*:
 Back through the lapse of year* he passed.
 To tbt day* he was a boy,
 And tba time recalled, ia vision fast.
 With a ringing about of joy.
 Once more upon the ocean shore
 He spied the coining sail,
 And wooderiug, lietened to the roai
 Of dashing surge and gale;
 Once more lie saw the pinnare come,
 As hr toll the cruel stroke—
 -taw stranger* bear him from his home.
 And the clanking chain—-and woke.
 The mother dreamed! In mother's joy
 She gazed upon liar child,
 And prayed that God would guard her boy,
 While Earth was but a wild;
 She kissed the tear from off his cheek,
 As he leaned upon her knee,
 For angel* ever guard the weak,
 And «he knew he would be free.
 She dreamed again! The slaver's la«h
 Hung o’er lier fainting form,
 Aod heedless tore tlie crimson gash,
 Where poured her life-blood warm:
 Tlie damp rice fields slie drained, in toil.
 A* she trod the miry loam,
 Yet lived upon a Christian soil,
 And tlie brotM was her home.
 Her years pa*sed on, and moments *|ied
 In tears, and pain, and care,
 And tlie grey locks upon her head,
 Were wreath* of sorrow there;
 Yet she knew that the Avenger’s eye
 Would her deepest sorrow e see—
 And she sliould go, without a sigh,
 To tlie land where all are free.
 The boy, too, dreamed! He saw hi- sire.
 By hungry blood]lourwl* torn,
 And saw hia mother, too, expire
 In fetters she had worn.
 Around him closed tlie prison wall.
 And he asked why lie was sold,
 To wait through life another’s cal'.
 For a paltry curse of gold.
 lie dreamed again; and Hope spruug op.
 A messenger of joy,
 And Fortune mixed a sweeter cup.
 For the unpitied boy.
 He thought an angel came, who told
 Of a land of freemen far:
 Go on,” said lie, where none are sold.
 And your guide be yonder star.
 Tlie forest be your hiding place.
 And never turn thee back;
 And heed thee well the white man’* free.
 And lieagles on your track!
 Go, and thy Maker he thy guide.
 And an honored life to tliee
 Be wise and holy, and beside
 Still remeinlier thou art Iree!’
 They woke, and mused upon tiieir dreams,
 And sadness filled each breast;
 Yet love, in ever-cheering beams,
 Stole through the captives’ rest.
 Tlie Morm had ceased, and starry light
 Through the hovel’s opening* shone;
 The moon had risen clear and bright,
 And the sighing wind* had gone.
 Bkthfi., April, 1849. CEPHAS.
 SAND OF THE DESERT IN AN HOUR
 CLASS.
 II Jir.NRV W. LONGFELLOW.
 handful of red sand from the hot clime
 Of Arab deserts brought,
 Within this glass becomes the spy of Time.
 The nfinisier of Thought.
 How many weary centuries lias it been
 About those deserts blown’!
 ilow many strange vicissitudes has seeu.
 Ilow many histories known?
 Perhaps the camels of the lslitnaelite
 Trampled and passed it o’er,
 When into Egypt, from the patriarch’s sight.
 Hi* favorite son they bore.
 Perhaps the feet of Moses, burnt and bare.
 Crushed it liencath their tread;
 Or Pharaoh’s flashing wheels into the air
 Scattered it a* they sped;
 Or Mary, with tlie Christ of Nazareth
 Held close in her caress,
 Whose pilgrimage of hope, and love, and faith
 Illumed the wilderness;
 t»r anchorites beneath Engaddi’s jialin*
 Paring the red Sea beach,
 And singing slow tbeir old Armenian psalm
 ln half articulate speech;
 Or caravans that from Rassora’s gate
 With westward steps depart;
 Or Mecca s pilgrims, confident of Fnte.
 And resolute in lieart!
 These liave passed over it, ur mav have passed!
 Now in this crystal tower
 Imprisoned by some curious hand at last,
 Jt rouuli the passing hour.
 And a* l gaie, these uairow walls expand
 Before my dreary eye
 Stretches tlie desert, with it. shifting' sand.
 Its unituprded sky.
 Aud borne afloat by the sustaining Ida t,
 This little golden thread
 Dilates into a column high ami va*t,
 A form of foar and dread.
 A nd onward anti across tlie setting .un,
 Across tlie boundless plain,
 The column and its broader shadow run,
 Till thought pursues in vain.
 The vision vanishes! These wall* agaia
 Shat out the lurid sun,
 Shut ota tlie hot immeasurable plain;
 The half hour’s sand is run'
 FROM TVS OERaUNs
 Better to sit in Freedom’s hall,
 With a cold damp floor and a mouldering wall.
 MUbaad the neck, and to bow the knee
 Iu the proud palace of slavery.
Selections.
 W
From Oiarolier** Jounnl
 AW IPfC inKWT OF THE FEBRU
 ARY, 1*46.
 The newspapers have sufficiently in
 formed ua of the public events whict
 occured during the last week of Febru
 ary. but many a sad tale connected witk
 these days of horror remains unknown,
 save to the tew who acted in them. On
 one of these occasions, when the noise
 of firing and drum-beating sounded at a
 sufficient distance to lead me to suppose
 actual danger was equally far off. I set
 out to see a friend who lived about
 three quarters of a mile further from
 Paris than the street I then resided in.
 It was a hue fresh spring day; the low
 er branches of the lilac-trees began to
 burst their leafy buds; the snowdrop,
 crocus, hepatica, and gay yellow daffo
 dil enlivened the gardens, and the wall
 flower filled the air with fragrance.
 After the sleepless nights and anxious
 days I had lately passed, 1 was more
 than commonly susceptible to these
 sweet perfumes and sights, which
 seemed to speak of peace and
 quiet so strongly, that they almost in
 duced a feeling of security for the mo
 ment; and I began to comfort inysell
 with the hope that the worst was over,
 and that although it might he long ere
 commercial or social confidence wm
 restored, still life and property would
 be safe, and by degrees those who lived
 out of the gay world, as I did, would
 return tothe usual routine of their for
 mer quiet habits, and that to them at
 least a monarchy or republic made
 little difference, while political matters
 would in due tiuic be settled and arran
 ged on a new plan. Kpcouraging my
 self in these pleasing anticipations,
 though I then more than half feared
 they would turn out delusions, as they
 asuredlv have done. 1 walked briskly
 forward when all at once the peculiar
 tap, tap’ tap of the drum, and the heavy
 unmeasured step of a large body of men,
 struck upon my practiced ear, telling
 too plainly it was not military who W'ere
 approaching. While deliberating
 which way to turn, I looked up and
 saw there was no retreating, without
 showing the alarm which was always
 dangerous at this time. Making there
 fore, a virtue of necessity, 1 walked
 boldly toward, and addressing a tall,
 fierce-looking, rather sullen young
 man in a blouse, I said that sure of the
 politeness of Frenchmen, I ventured lo
 request him to conduct me past the ad
 vancing body of citoyeiis, who perhaps
 —as the wit equaled the gallantry of
 his brave countrymen —might be led to
 make quizzing remarks on a lady walk
 ing alone ainid so many men during
 such stirring times. At first he looked
 as if disposed to be insolent; but as I
 proceeded with ray speech, his vanity
 was no doubt satisfied, for his counte
 nance relaxed, and he smilingly assured
 me he would with pleasure accompany
 me, and accordingly we walked, unmo
 lested, and almost unobserved, through
 this martial crowd. All were armed
 variously; some had swords drawn,
 many had their arms bared up to the
 elbows, ready for bloody work, and the
 red flag of the revolution waved every
 here and there, whih fries,
 songs, and howls rent the uu.
 At length we arrived at clear ground,
 and I smilingly thanked my conductor.
 “Salut, citoyenne,” said he.
 “Vive la nation! Vive la repub
 lique!’, responded I, and walked on
 somewhat relieved.
 1 arrived at Madame de Vann ion’s
 house, and found her at work with her
 daughter Celestine—an only child of a
 bout nine years of age; a little girl of
 much family consequence, as she was
 heiress to an immense fortune on the
 death of her'grondfather. We talked
 ofthe times, and I related what I had
 just passed through. “Ah!” said she,
 “many bands of insurgents have gone
 by this house, hut we do not approach
 the windows, and none of them have
 ever, molested us; but God knows w hen
 our turn may arrive. There, you may
 hear their horrid revolutionary tap now
 at a distance.”
 Shortly after it became more audible;
 nearer and nearer it approached, and
 we looked at each other with alarmed
 countenances. At last the pikes and
 flags became visible.
 “Louis! Louis!” cried Madame de
 Vannion tothe servant, “boltthe doors,
 and at your peril look out of the win
 dow.”
 The noise increased, and Celestine
 began to cry. Her mother tried to
 comfort her, and we talked ot the un
 reasonableness of being frightened at a
 mere sound; but as there was some
 reason to apprehend a slight derange
 ment in the action of the heart in her
 case, her mother acting upon the ad
 vice of her medical attendant, rose to
 prepare a soothing draught they were
 in the habit of giving to the child when
 any unusual circumstance agitated her.
 had heard of their alarms on this sub
 ject without myself sharing in their
 fears, for Celestine was sturdily made,
 bright complexioned, fond of play, and
 accustomed to live so much in the air,
 and to take so much exercise without
 ever appearing over-fatigued, that I al
 most inclined to think hv parents were
 aver anxious about their precious
 charge, and used the doctor’s name as
 in excuse for spoiling her a little, par
 icularlv as even he announced that by
 careful tending she would outgrow
 ;hese symptoms.
 At this moment, however, her unusual
 pallor struck me, aud I drew her kind
 ly towards me, while Madame de Van
 nion proceeded to the next room in
 tearch of a draught of water. Upon
 opening the door, we discovered Mon
 lieur Louis standing staring at the open
 window'.—“Come back, Louis,” said
 Madame de Vaimion quickly.—“ Did I
 not tell you on no pretence to approach
 the window?**
 “Be easy, toadame, it will be nothing—
 they are past.” At this moment he
 started, and exclaimed, “Ah! one of
 them looks hack; he looks angry!”
 the window!’/ cried we, stri
 ving to drag him from it. But he
 seemed spell-bound; he wrung his
 hands.
 “They have turned; they are coming,
 kis over with us! Ah madaroe, may
 Heaven have merry on ua!” The
 next minute thundering plows fell on
 the door of the house. “Outres
 ourres!”
"Louis, said bis mutrfM with quisti
 dignity, “open tbe door.”
 'Hie pale quaking coward answered,
 “No, no: no such thing!To the cellarf M
 and he disappeared.
 The knocking and kicking continued,
 and mv friend advanced to the window
 “What do you want, rues amis!”
 “Want! Everything; meat, mooey,
 bread, wine! Come, come, come, open
 the door, inalheuruse.”
 At that moment one of these madmen
 presented his musket at her and tired;
 but fortunately being quite drunk, the
 ball went on one side.
 “Do not beat down my door.’* ***d
 my friend; “wait and I will open it.
 And both of us advancing, keeping the
 poor child behind us, opened the door.
 The multitude poured in; they were
 drunk, and dirty, and tilled the bouse
 with u horrible odor. They opened
 every closet, every door, every drawer,
 and three shots were fired in the draw
 ing-room; however, they fortunately
 hit none of us. Wine and bread, and
 thirty francs, which were lying on the
 mantlepieee. were taken; and one ruf
 fian seized a pcndule, but the leader
 crying out at once, *‘No robbery be
 replaced it.
 “Are they going to kill us mamma!
 asked little Celestine.
 “My child, I cannot tell; but if they
 do, we shall go to God, and in Heaven
 there are no terrors.
 “I am saving my prayers, mam
 ft
 ma.
 She shed no tear —she uttered no cry
 —but amid all the uproar of this fearful
 scene, the beating of her little heart
 was distinctly audible. We trembled,
 yet our w-ords were calm, and our looks
 firm. At-last there were signs ol de
 parture; the noise lulled; the bayonet ted
 the bread, drank the wine, putting the
 bottles to their lips, and then breaking
 them afterwards: they pushed us rudely
 about, under pretence of shaking hands;
 with us, saying they would on their re-
 turn settle matters with the man who
 had only escaped a coward’s death that
 time by running away to conceal him
 self.—They then left us amid oaths,
 shouts, and laughter; and when the
 door was closed, und the fearful sounds
 had died in the distance, wc began toj
 feel a terror that during the scene I
 have just described we had not been
 conscious of. All was put in order by
 our own hands in silence, for we durst
 not speak; and we felt that active exer
 tion alone could preserve us from faint
 ing. On M. do Yaunion’s return toj
 dinner, when his wife related to him'
 the events of the morning, he appeared
 anxious about the effect such a fright
 must have had upon Celestine. The
 child assured him that she hardly re
 membered the scene. She recollected
 at first 4error, and then a feeling of
 faintness, and that her heart had beat
 very quickly: but that she feared noth
 ing now, that her own papa was beside
 her. Still, she did not regain her for
 mer cheerfulness, nor was she calm and
 gentle as heretofore; she became irri
 table with her companions, impatient
 with |ier companion—with her bonne,
 and frequently left her plays, complain
 i ing of headache. The unsatisfactory
 state of her health ended in an attack
 of fever, from which in due time she re
 covered, although her complexion
 never regained the brilliant hue for
 which it had been remarkable, but re
 mained pale as a marble statute. An
 other singularity was, that neither be
 fore nor during her illness, after her
 recovery, did she ever name the visit
 of the insurgents; and she showed so
 much uneasiness when any one else al
 luded to it, that her parents requested
 their friends to avoid the subject and
 talk ofother more cheerful matters be
 fore her. She soon returned to her
 toys, plays, lessons, and seemed as hap
 py at the noisy usual though a
 drum, a sliuot, always turned pale. One
 evening, as there appeared to be more
 than connnorn disturbance in the street’
 and Celestine appeared uneasy, her
 mother proposed that she should retire
 early to rest, hoping to get her to sleep
 before the uproar increased. She
 obeyed at once, and was soon in her
 little bed.
 “Good night, my child” said her mo
 ther, kissing her. “But stay, I will go
 and get you a chocolate bonbon.’ On
 her return she he held it out: “Here,
 my love, here is the bonbon;” but Cel
 estine’s hand was not raised. “Are
 you asleep already? Are you ill?— or
 are you playing ine a trick?—Coine,
 lake the bonbon, snd give ine another
 kis3. Speak, Celestine, to mamma; do
 not agitate me, inv dear child.”
 Little Celestine was dead’
LETTERS TO COUNTRY C.IRLS. j
 We commend the following article;
 from the “Pittsburg Visiter,” to all our
 female readers. Mrs. Swisshelm is do
 ing her gex a good by writing such Lec
 tures. There is more truth, philosophy
 and common sense in this lecture, than
 in two-thirds of the volumes written by
 the Medical men of the world.— True
 Democrat.
 Well girls. 1 got such a scolding from!
 one of your number for w riting no letter
 last week, that 1 am afraid to neglect
 it this time. You know I said I could
 quilt almost as fast as two of you. The
 reason is, 1 take care of my hands. One
 half of you are too proud to do this. You
 would not be caught putting a glove on
 to sweep, or hoe, or weed in the gar
 den, because you think it would Jook as
 if you w ould like to be fine ladies. If
 you sec any one taking care of her
 hands, or careful to wear a sunbonnet
 to preserve her complexion, you say she
 is “proud and stuck up.” But it is you
 who are proud—too proud to think you
 require any care to look nice. You
 have an idea you look well enough at
 any rate. So you just make yourself as
 rough and course as ever you can, by
 way of being independent.—Your
 hands grow as stiff and hard as if you
 held a plough, and swung a scythe and
 when you take a needle you can
 scarcely feel it in your fingers. This
 is wrong. There are many things
 which women ought to do, which re
 quire your hands to be soft and pliable,
 and they should be careful to keep
 them so, in order to make them useful.
 Ever) woman who lives in the country
 should knit herself a pair of gloves,
 with long fingers closed at the tope—
 not mils, to let the fingers get hard.
 There should be a piece of ribbed work
 at the wrist to make them stay on.
Wbn you use your hoe, rake or
 broom, put on your gloves —when you
 take hold of skillet, pot or kettle
 handle take a cloth to keep your hand*
 from being seared and hardened. 'V hen
 you wash clothe? or dishes, do not
 bare water so hot aa to feel unpleasant.
 Many gftfs scald their hands until they
 can put them into water almost boiling.
 Such bands are unfit to use a needle or
 a pin. They are not so good to bold a
 baby or drear a wound. Take care of
 your hands, and do not forget your
 faces. I hare seen so many country
 giria, who, at sixteen, had complexions
 like alabaster, and at their faces
 would look like, runuet bag, that had
 hung six weeks'in the chimney corner.
 One reason of this is, they do not wear
 a bonnet to protect them from the sun.
 Another reason is, the habit they have
 of baking their faces before a wood hre.;
 I have seen some women stand before a
 great roasting fire and cook, until I,
 thought their brains were as well stewed
 as the chickens; and they would get so
 used to it they would make no attempt
 to shield their heads trom the heat.
 Nay, they will set down in the evening
 and bake their faces by the hour; and
 this is one of the reasons why American
 women grow old, withered and wrink
 led, fifteen years before their time. But
 another and the greatest reason is, your
 diet. People in thi6 country live too
 well and eat too much hot bread and
 meat. Country people usually eat!
 richer food than those who live in the
 cities, and that is a reason why with all
 their fresh air, their average age is
 little greater than that of city tolks.
 Thousands of beautiful, blooming coun
 try girls make old, sallow-faced women
 of themselves before they are thirty, by
 driuking coffee, smoking tobacco, and
 eating hot bread. —They shorten their
 lives by these practises about as much
 as city Indies with their fashionable
 follies. Ido not know' what you think
 about it, girls, but I think it is about as
 much of a sin for w omen to get old,
 brown, withered faces, by eating to
 much as it is for men to get red noses by
 drinkingtoo much very few people think
 it a disgrace to have a bilious fever;but I
 had just as lief the doctor would tell
 me that I was drunk as that I was bil
 ious. The one would come from drink
 ing too much, the other from eating too
 much r All this is a serious matter, for
 it alfects health and life; and the reason
 why I talk about your complexion in
 speaking ofit is, that everybody loves
 to look well whether they will acknowl
 edge it or not. Now, people cannot
 look well unless they are well; and no
 one can be well very long who does not
 try to take care of herself. The w r oman
 who roasts her head by the fire, disor
 ders her blood, brings on bead-aches,
 injures her health, and makes her face
 look like a piece of leather. —When
 she swallows hot colfee, hot bread,
 greasy victuals and strong pickles, she
 destroys her stomach, rots her teeth,
 shortens her life, and makes hersell too
 ugly for any use, except scaring the
 crows otfthe corn. J. G. S.
Effect of Shade on Manures. —lt
 is a well known iact that the earth is
 capable of being converted into the best
 manure. If densly shaded, it will un
 dergo chemical changes, apparently
 similar to those which vegetable and
 animal matters do when they are con
 verted into manre; namely, it is changed
 in color, cocsistence, and fertilizing
 qualities. This fertilized earth known
 as vegetable mould, or virgin earth, to
 be |the best of all manures. It has
 hitherto been considered the residue of
 vegetable decomposition Vegetable
 matters upon the earth’s surface, ex
 posed to a free circulation of air, ap
 pear to be decomposed by a different
 chemical process termed mouldering,
 which forms a trifling carbonized res
 idue, destitute of fertilizing qualities.
 And this is the case also when ploughed
 under and deprived of contact with the
 atmosphere. Unless they are previ
 ously saturated with water, or lime be
 added, they do not undergo fermenta
 tion, but, by mouldering, becomes use
 less, if not pernicious, to after vegeta
 tion.
 The astonishing fertilizing effect of
 vegetable matters, when thickly cover
 ing the surface of the earth for a length
 of time, cannot be accounted for by
 their decomposition, for the quantity of
 the residue of clover, leaves or straw,
 would not be sufficient, even if it were
 always equal in virtue to the best Peru
 vian guano. Straw spread thickly up
 on the poorest land—“land completely
 exhausted of alkalies”—will enrich it
 by the time it is decomposed.
Leibig when a Boy, —Leibig was
 distinguished at school as a “booby,”
 the only talent then cultivated iu Ger
 man schools being verbal memory. On
 one occasion, being sneeringly asked
 by the master of the school, what he
 proposed to become since he was so bad
 a scholar, and answering he would be
 a chemist, the whole school burst into
 a laugh of derision. Not long ago,
 Leibig saw his old school master, who
 feelingly lamented Ins former blind
 ness Tiie only boy in the same school
 who ever disputed with Leibig the sta
 tion of “booby, was one who could
 never learn his lesson by heart, but
 was continually composing music, and
 writing it down by stealth in school.
 This same individual, Leibig lately
 i'ouud in Vienna, distinguished as a
 composer, and conductor of the Impe
 rial Opera House. His name is Reu
 ling. It is to be hoped that a more ra
 tional system of school instruction is
 now gaining ground. Can anything
 be more absurd and detestable than a
 system which made Walter Scott mod
 Justus Leibig “boobies” at school, and
 so effectualy concealed their natural
 talents, that, for example, Leibig was
 often lectured before the whole school
 on his being sure to cause misery and
 broken hearts to his parents, while he
 was all the time conscionus, as the
 above anecdote proves, of the poses
 sion of talents similar in kind to those
 he has since displayed. —Scientific Ame
 rican.
 When a drop of chloroform is ap
 plied to the leaf of a sensitive plant it
 collapses for s time and opens again in
 the saaae manner as when water or
 other liquid fells upon it, but after the
 application of chloroform it ia found to
 have lost its sensibility and no longer
 i t* contract when touched.
2Utoertionncnto.
t# Pan Mn.
 IDE’S Palm WWd Cfativatar and Win Gn*i
 PVm. Tbe Fannin* Pnblic arr hwbir infcnwd
 timt Letters Patent hare ham «*kra oat by tbe
 aarifaer for hia ivraai fi«at unpimimt at* ui the
 aad aaarfMta** of F l K L P Co L Tl v^toks;
 ■pwfWMl ao great a*
 U*wladaaym*nf£«u^.b,rtd^tba«p^
 me-half or nnrr Wherever they have beea intro
 thiced. tbrv lave art ike derided affrobatioa of
 •rmer*, as the following MrtihaM from the intrl
 •feat and practicalfcnaera whose name# are
 ttacbed. abradant It show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certifr that are, the Botocriber*, bare
 Been and need the Patent Wheel Cultivator, i ■▼re*** l
 by Nath *7l Id*, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 Vork, and brliere it to be, as a labor-saving
 chiae, one of the greatest haproeeaneata of the age.
 By it, a farmer raa pot ia from tea to fifteen acres
 Bore of wheat ia a year, with the same amount of
 team labor; he ran aan sow it in moch better order.
 Bv it also Canada thistles aad other noxious weeds
 may he totaih extirpated. Said machine is so coo
 i stnrted that it ran be regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screw- oa the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly»or
 only jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, are
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented tor
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 the Farmer, and as sorb we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmer*.
 James 11. Hedley, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedlev,
 Gardner Bern, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby Co., April 23,1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 life’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and fooad it
 answer the purpose so well, that we. have this Spriug
 made purchase of another. We can with.this Plow
 j prepare with two horses, eight acres of land per day
 tor wheat, aad it is much Letter done than bv the
 old plow-3; and the land pepnred by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 El.l CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonial.-, the Subscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of tbe implement, with its various inodes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 ami used. No farmer who fully understands his
 I interest will he without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE. Patentee,
 i Shelby Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 I IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured bv
 I LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 come and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in anuouncing to the publir that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer tlie most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment oif Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pqre spriug water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.'6 Exchange si.
 FISHER Co.
 jv2l Booksellers and Publishers.
British Periodical Literature.
 The London (Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review,
 The North British Review, the Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of tliese splendid periodi
 cal* renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 Tliey embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmia
 j ster Review Radical. The North (British Re
 view is more of ar eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 1 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 j literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 j i» publisecd in England under the title of Tlie For-
 I eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerlv republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work tlie best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 j immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 iin a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of tbe originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact fee-simile of the Edinburgh
 I edition.
 PRICES for 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, 83 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 i For any three do 7 00
 For all four of tlie Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’* Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood ami the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood tlie 4 Reviews, 10 00
 PuijinuUi to be made in all cases in advanc. e
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works w ill b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 script ion for three—die fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secure* to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall lie able to place the
 entire number in die liands of subscribers before any
 Jortion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 ournale. For dti* and other advantages secured to
 our ruhsrriher* we pay so large a consideration,that
 we iuav be compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittance* aad communication* should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
THE GIRARD LIFE INSURANCE, AN
 NUITY AND TRUST COMPANY of Phila
 delphia. fluutrred in 1836—t'harter Perpetual;—
 Capital, 8300,000 —Benjamin W. Richards, Presi
 dent. Continues ui make insurance on lives, grant
 annuities aud endowments. Mod accept trusts from in
 dividuals, corporate bodies, and courts of justice,
 and execute them agreeably to the desire of the par
 ties, and receive deposits of money iu trust or on
 interest.
 'The Company add a fexnus at stated periods t«
 the insurance for life, and on tlie 20th of January
 last, an addition was mad to all tbe policies for life,
 remaining in force and issued prior to January Ist,
 1842, amounting to 10 per cent, on tbe turn iiuureil
 iu polkies issued in 1837 7£ per cent, on policies
 issued in 1838, and in rateable proportions according
 to their respective dates.
 'The chief object of an insurance for life is to pro
 vide a sum of money at tbe death of the partv insur
 ed, for the lenefit ut' a widow children, friends or
 creditors; and it will be seen on examination of the
 table of rates of the life insurance, w hich w ill be
 famished by the subscriber to ail who mav feel an
 interest ia the subject, that by paying a small nun to
 the afiee every year during his life, a person nay se
 cure to his family a very considerable amount at’ hi*
 decease.
 Wherever the system of Life Insurance is property
 understood, it is extensively adapted, and its great
 advantages to all, hut more especially to those who
 depead oa their own exert ions for the support of their
 families, ar who may be desirioo* to secore the pay
 ment of a sum of money to their friend*, creditor* or
 children, at their decease, which they might he oth
 erwise unable to accomplish, that the operation of the
 system need* brt to be explained lo ensure the seri
 ous consideration of the public.
 la several instance. it has happened that the partv
 insured hns died shortly after having paid oaiv oue
 ar two inrtahneats of the premium, when his family
 have received from this ofla the fall snriait for
 whieh he hod insured.
 PuH reformat&lt;«a on this important subject may be
 agent of the Girard Life Insurance Compear.
 WILLIAM BAkEWELL.
 Bakewcfl’s Law Buildings,
 Grant street. Pitmbmgh.
 WM 11. TOFF, Merchant Tailor. M Bread-
 T* AisonasrtsasiveasemYm—tafCnremn.
 Blocks, Hosiery, Gloves, flm
 Athmy, Fsh. il, MMfl.
PROSPECTUS
 ißfirku PlrtNiifWil J#inal,
 o. a. fowler, editor.
 T) reform and per tec t Mrsehw «*d
 the most exalted of *ll works- Yet, to do tbiswe
 mart understand the llmm* tVsrtitßs*. Taw
 PWresfog.. Phyfofog* nod Vital Magnet cm em
 brace, and eenre expound all the law of ertr being,
 condition- of tappHw-**. and ronrtttrte ike philoso
 pher's stone of I niverral Troth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number will contain either the a;o«!v*t» Rltd
 location of some |4wrr»&gt;! tgiral fcieuhv, ilhistrated hf
 animgra* iog.M a u artiral tot their cnsnhiwnt iod*:
 aad afco the orgaaizattou ami thiomcter of-otne dis
 tiagmshed prr«&gt;*»fe. arcwnpatiied by a likeness.
 pin sioiotiT
 Health I- Lite, Tlw gtertl instnanent ol talent vir
 tae and happiness. all ..f which it augments. To its
 prraervation ami restoration, special atteation «ill he
 givea.
 magnetism.
 With prsctbl instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice troths which it unfolds, will he presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessing* thev enjoy, the influence they can
 wield, and their preparation for conducting our insti
 tution*, will form the theme ol' a series of article*.
 SELF-IMPROYEMENT.
 Who does not long oamesthr. and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate hi*’ natural powers, and
 render himeell better and more h.ippv To such,
 each number will be a prompter and text-book.
 TERMS—invariahtr in advance' ONE DOLI.-
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Joorn.il will be
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
To receive attention, letters and order* must he
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New York
TT7ILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 v v Boot* anti Shoes, SO, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W B. L. keeps constantly on land a good assort
 ment, and w ill sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Duv is
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since j
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.'
 Means, ol Emory ollege, Ga., ami thejscientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have I
 recently and indubitably established the fact, that
 tlie conclusions at which tlie undersigned arrived I v i
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with;
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that tie!
 hufttan hody, in a healthy condition, is in a positi t
 electrical state, and that tlie electrical emanation* j
 from the rutirular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—tliere is some
 reason to hope, that retrain physicians, ignorant ol
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 Wi’hieh is essential to the safe ami intelligent practice
 of tlie healing art. will cease their vociferation*!
 against tlie positive electrical state of the i
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade tho.-e!
 whom they have tailed to relieve of their complaint-,
 front seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Th»i* sustained bv the light
 of science, tlte undersigned may be permitted here
 to repeat bis experience, that, in all cases wlterc tin
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 condition, tlie patient is beyond the power of *vatei
 to afford relief. On the other hand, when tlie (tarts
 of tbe body alluded to, are in tlie electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to liope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting tlie symptoms ami character
 of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success ts a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and tlie gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, tlie undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathiug and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic Tliere are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as tliey ahoukl,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, liron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie Imwcls,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, Hriatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are §5 50 to
 88 50|&gt;erweek, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or tlie character of his'
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay 88 00 per week—on the first and second’
 floor*, 88 50 per week. Patient* requiring extra'
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swalh
 j ing purposes,) will furnish their ow n nurses and fuel,
 or pav an extra price.
 D. KUGGLEB.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 f east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of tbe Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,,
 which is constantly maintained Ity the activity of the!
 generating sources w ithin—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 358 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer of
 England,upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 tlie presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of tlie fluid upon the surface, we believe to lie indis
 pensable Ui tbe healthful condition of the wfeife j
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaildress, delivered before the Medical College of
 isBrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov. I
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Cliemistrj and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical l
 Science in Emory College, Ga., |*ge 25
AT HO L WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber beg* leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to bi» hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house wa* ojs-ned for the reception of patients
 fast season, and it i* believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic aud tlwroogh course in hydro
 pathy. Tlie supply of water is abundant, and in
 purih ha* been pronounced equsl to water ou s
 dii-ulled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance front tbe YL k M. railroad. 71)*
 vicinitv abound* in a variety of scenery, ami ha.
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Hu that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 Tbe following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five year*, was brought to me fast
 August. Her rase presented the pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, aad left uu-
 she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made au
 effort to walk, either fool, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. Hbe had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment contmeaced the 16th of Hept.,
 aod was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when -he
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Biace her return to her family, sbe
 has continued her baths, with corresponding ip»-
 provemewt to her health. Hbe now attend* to her
 dwmstic duties, aad with the assisexa cm of a small
 girt, does the worn of her family.
 Patients are desired to hriag three eoo»fortabtea,
 one pair of woollen hfankets, one pair of Mmets,
 half a dozeo towels awrked, with old liaen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 fag to the necessities or choice of the pat fonts,
 none who are less particular to the stfaction of
 rooms, or are trifling to occupy them fa ~irimu»
 with other*, will be thurgod lea*.
 Athol, March. 1849 GRORGR HOYT.
reVKRTY:
 IT# ILLEGAL CAUHFf* AND LF.GAI
 CtTHF
 BY LTSANDre SPOOVEB.
 The Albany Patriot r*H. it—- A neat
 "'"O'*- pn.i-.-_
 twiner alt the j&gt;.in-.(«!«.». \f f
 wooM he realised bv the f. il hi
 we do MW here slop to e«,,„re; U,, heart U
 ■end his endeavor to the „f „j&lt; L
 transparent focr-il*.diet.., (i&lt;rrpt m lrpr„J,, u J!
 original thought—and mine (7er,ton, r ,«u the ra«,
 of serf or party 4*. Wic.*! wt,ter. U ha*-ufeUT
 n compass, for Wvon-. ~v „oe pmd«^
 hare met our eve in a ihne."
 Htmt s Merchant's &gt;lve»h:e f t
 ia hold aad original th.H. 2 t»i-. |V .q,.—,
 poverty are stated, an.l si (wmiher of imi ortaat nr
 sitioiw hearing ;m the «.,hjec, fcthf it
 whole, we coovKhT tt work aril w,. nt
 affording a* it does many val.cdfe h»rt* tothe trafe
 mnn am! pr&gt;li(&gt;&lt;«t
 The Bangor (iarette *ays-“ A. aN&lt; ao&lt;
 W original work, from the pen of l.vsander
 Fsq—orthor of that powet fnl KaJv ihj h Ca
 strate* tlie nnronxlitmtonahtv of America..
 •earrbmg than &gt;pno*»er., This new work t*
 fined to lead to a re examination of nil former
 terns of political economy. At fir*t N«*h h.* eeo
 domical propositions strike u« a» snstaimble— -and o
 they are so. his work will prevail, and produce u
 important reTnlnthin in the present prevailing (%a
 tem.
 Every one should rend it.”
 HEI.A MARSH, Publisher, Boston
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
 llartS Yfgftable Extract
 Is the only remedy ik.l can he telied on for ti«
 permanent cure of Bpn*ns*lic Contract ionlrnta
 lion of the Nerves, Nervous or .Sirk Headache
 Ncrvoits Tremors, Neuralgic Affection.-. Genera
 Debility Deficiency of Nervotfc and Physical Ener
 gy, ana all NervoiM Disorders, including the mo-t
 dreadful of nil disease* that artect the human race
 Eptleps*. ar Exiling Strkeets. Hysterical Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasms, fee It is weii known, thai
 from tinn* immemorial. Physicians have pronounced
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all thaii
 skill, and tlie L.asted jwiwer of all medicine, an.l
 ronse&lt;|ucnflv thousands have suffered through a mi-,
 erabk* existence, and at la-l yielded up their lives on
 the Altar of Insanity- —The proprietor ol' the Veget
 able Extract, how evrr, feels no delicacv in saying
 that it can lie cured. He uoukl, I lie re tore, respect!
 fully- invite physicians, and all others who are inter
 ested, to examine tlie testimonv which i.. fe re oflerej.
 If it is deception, let it be exposer! but if jt 4
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let .t
 Ire -aid that Epilepsy is incurable!
 Heart's Vegetable Ertract. —For sixteen year-,
 has been tested In many person* who have suffered
 w ith this dreadful di-snse, anil in every case whet*
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Dcnslow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 hi* daughter has feen afflicted with Fits for moie
 than nine years, and lias lieen cmed by tlie use ol
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Hiailoy, 115 Onliard street. New York,
 states that she has feen subject to Fit* for many
 years, and has feen restored to perfect health (after
 every oilier means luid failed) by the use of tlie
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Ukarlcs A. Brown, of Dover, Russell eo.,
 Alabama, who is one of the liest Physicians in tlie
 State, says that lie lias feen much fanefitted by tlie
 use of die \egetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly presents it in every rase of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 t urtis (i. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 m Lime Mills, t raw ford t’o., Pa., now living in
 Erie to., I’a., states that for many year* past lie
 has been sorely afflicted w ith Fits, 'and lie i* now
 happy to state that a persevering use of I)r. Hart’s
 Y egetable Extract, lias restored him to sound health,
 I being entirely freed from that worst of all disease*.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 lleniy street, New Y ork,
 having used tlie Vegetable Extract successfully
 i his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 i are afflicted with Fils.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 j and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, state* that
 Mr. Cluts, 11. Houghton, a member of bis family ha*
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that lie was obliged to relinquish Ins
 I j business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex-
 II tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 j (lerfect health, and left this city for the State ol
 1 j Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churcn,
 Spotswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits lor more than forty vears, -tatr*
 1 that he lias used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has lieen so much improved that lie hopes
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic Eat. —For twenty-seven year* and six
 months, cured hv tlie use of (his truly womferful
 medicine.
 Read live following remaikable case of the son ot
 Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, mrdiral
 treatment and advice three thousand dollar*, returned
 with his son to this country in Novesiber lasi., with
 out receiving any lieuefit whatever, aud was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Extract. —l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. 1 was advised to take a tour to F.u
 lope with him which 1 did. I first visited England,
 I consulted tlie most eminent physicians tfere in
 respect to his case; tliey examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained tliere three mondis
 without perceiving any change for the fetter, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollar-, psxk
 eted by tlie physicians, and tlie most that I received
 was their opinion that my son case was liopele**,
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, and returned home in the month ol
 i November last, with my son as far from being cured
 as when I left, I saw y.ur advertisement in one of
 the New Yoik papers, and concluded to try Hart’*
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of m» many cures, some of twenty uiJ
 1 thirty years standing, and I ran assure you I am noi
 sorry I did so, as by tlie use of llart’* Vegetable
 Extract alone lie wa* restored to PERKEII
 HEALTH. His reason, which was so far gone a* to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with tfe
 prospect now before him of lile, health and useful
 ness. lie is now 28 vears of age, and 27 real* o
 j months of this time has lieen afflicted with thu
 moat dreadful of diseases, but thank God i* now
 j enjoying good liealth.
 Now, sir, faith without works I don’t feliev*
 in. To say I -hall be ever grateful to you is or*
 thing, and as 1 here enclose you one hundred dol.ar-,
 I have no doufe but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owre you; but please arrept this amount a* inters i
 on the debt in advance.
 Yours, very rc*|&gt;rctfuUv,
 (signed) WILLIAM BF.CORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy o&lt;
 this tnilv wonderful medicine, rea/I tlte following
 k tter from Dr. W. L. Mouroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of the most eminent physician* in that place
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 18*6.
 Brother lals&lt;rer m the cause of humanity—Hear
 sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure that I
 ain enabled to announce to vou the complete triumf b
 of your luvahmMe medicine in case* of Kpilep*\. I
 l»a\e preserilad it in four instance* m this viciniti.
 and it lias been highly successful in all. Three o
 the patients, I trust, leave fern radically cured.
 Tlie fourth one is rapidly iioiwoving, sod wifi, I
 tiiink wiiiioiil dou)&gt;t recover. I am not in ife habit
 of pre»&lt;-ribing or reeoannending patent medieiue*.
 I sit when I see an article winch (iromisrti so inui.
 i for the relief of suflenng feunaiiitv, I feel mv duti
 lo recommend it, and I have no Itesiutim m say
 ing that as soon aa the faculty are fully acquainted
 with the real merit of your medicine, they will
 close their eyes against prejudice and lend yo» j
 helping hand.
 i I suLocrike mvself vours, siiaerely,
 [Signed J W. L. MONkOF, M U
 To Dr. 8. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DIBTA.NT
 When thousands who are now tremUmg mie r
 the hand of this dreadful disease, and fearing
 even attack may prove fatal, will find penman
 j relief and fe restored to new life, by n*mg ik*’
 celebrated medicine.
 OVER ONE THOUBAND CERTIFICATES
 Have too received in teatinmoy of the Beorhcu
 result pro«lweed by the out of Dr. Hart’* Vcg*u
 fee Extract.
 Q&amp;- Prepared by HART. M. I&gt; New Yoti
 Prior, one package f 3 00
 Do four packages 10 u 0
 Do eight pockaaes 20 00
 0®- It is carefully packed up in box** for tre*
 port*Gun, and tend to anv part of the Uaiied
 Union, and YVret Indie.
 THOMAS k MILS, 168 Mam streel, Cia
 eianau, Ohio, Geaerai Agent fot Uw
 SttMos* to whoM all rommuuicaii sit must 8
 rlriawtl Port Paid.
 A. B A D. Hands Coraer of Fnhon and WiUis**
 New York.
 H. D. Wade, Main k 8«. Pauls Kucfe.ic
 E. Hollidge, 117 Maia street Uuflafo.
 M. k E. Gaylord, Agent* for (Vvefend Ofoa,
 Tay k Kilibuurae, (ohoha,
 i-wk G. II Hill, Detroit, Mkhtgan.
 Wm. Cuuniaghani, MiUaaokie Wis
 J. R Reed, aad Co., Cbiraga 111.
 Dort. T. Mason, Dwkaqne lowa.
 H. Btaduley, aad Co., Hi. Louts Mu.
 Aad far Sols by aaort of tfa priartpol
 thraagki at the Uaitod Staua
 THOMAS k MILL#, iflfl M 0... etmm.
 S«p- M—ly Cuvo«'rt* C&gt;hrt
"
