"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, 1
 M. H. DELAKY. j F.i&gt;rro*»
VOL IT. NO. 20.
The NORTH STAR is publUbed fwrj
 I'ritay, at No. 35, Baflalo Street,
 fripmttr the ArcmU.',
 TERMS.
 r Two dollar* prr annum, nJmi m advance. N«
 «.tK«rripti&lt;&gt;n Mill he rweiTed fnr a U'«n terra than
 m\ months.
 Advertinements not exceeding ten line* inserted
 three time* (&lt;&gt;r one dollar; even f-ul/wquenl inser
 tion, 1 wenty-fire cent*.
 Th r object of tlie North Sti* will lie to attach
 Suirnr in all iu form* and s**pr&lt;*t«; adroeate
 I’tirnttAl. R* ascieation exalt tl* 1 Standard
 of l*i St.ic Morality; promote tlie moral and in
 tellectual nnjwovrinent of tlie Col out I* I FORi.it,
 ami imfen tin day of FREEDOM i*» THREE
 Millions &lt;»l oor EaAi.svr.l* t FLT.OW OT!t-
 TRVMKft.
 PI’BI.ISIIKR'S NOTICES.
 rtf' All rotnntit/Mcations rrbtrn* to the busmts*
 r, of tie- ivifirr, names of wiWrihem, remit-
 Unre-.Aic., de«»M addrr**od to John Dick,
 I nhlieht i
 Agfirt*, aiul all others sending nairw*. are
 i i,im -ted to lx* accurate, and civr the Post
 the H'lfv, and tlie .Wale. Each Subscriber i* im
 ■ne&lt;lia(el&gt; credited for money received.
 fey■ Any perron Mending in tlu* jmvnw'nl for four
 ..idorrihen*, to lie for'vardcd to one address, may
 have fifth copy for one year.
 *g&gt;* All lettem and communications must be post
 pdd.
 M.ISI OP AGENTS.
 M AASACitrsi TTS.—R. F. Walciitt, 21, Coruhill,
 Ho-ton Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio Y\
 IVter, Imwell; Jatner N. Bidfum, loan; Ciiorge
 P.vana, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Clutrles 11. Seth, Springfield David l£ilggle«,
 Northampton; 11. Car|ieiiter, I pton.
 Mm&gt;i.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vi kmost. —Rowland T. Rntiinsmi, North ber*
 ri»lHire. I
 t’oNNM rici'T. —Jonathan l.eonard, New Haven
 N rw Mrshirk. —Weare Tappan, Bradford, j
 Nr. w York.—Sydney H. &lt;»:iy, M 2, Nassau j
 Strtet; James McCune Smith, 92, Most Broadway;
 ,lo«rpli Post, We*tluir\, t|ueen ountv; Mart liar—
 iier. Alhain Elia- Hotv. Macedon; Willetts Keene,
 Peru, Clini'-n County; 'William S. Baltimore, Froy;
 j. F. Platt. Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 K lion I I-t ANf. —Amarancv lame, Providence.
 l» r sa-vi vania.— J. M. M’'Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, S, Exchange
 i’ltce, Mitfo; It. Boun, Pittsburgh; Wm, Whipper.
 i *&lt;»|&lt;inihi;i; Isaac Robe rts, Jacob 1,. Paxon, Norris- j
 (own, Montgomery ".'otiniy, Milo A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton. _
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veyslwrgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Role-rt Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
 S c l 1 1 1 o n s.
 EXTRACTS
 from the SpeeehofMr. Horace Mann, in the Home
 of Representatives, Feb. 23, I*l9, on Slavery and
 the Slave Trade in the Ihstnct of Columbia.
 Mr. Chairman: There is a bill upon
 the Speaker’s table, which provides for
 abolishing the slave trade in the District
 of Columbia. For three successive
 days we have tried in vain to reach it, j
 in the order of business. Its opponents!
 have baffled our efforts. Our difficul
 ty is not in carrying the bill, but in
 reaching it. I am not without appre
 hension that the last sands of this Con
 gress will run out, without any action
 upon the subject. Even should the bill j
 be taken up, it is probable that all
 debate upon itwill be suppressed by that*
 sovereign silencer, the previous ques
 tion. Hence 1 avail myself of the
 present opportunity, as it is probably
 the only one I shall have, during the
 present session, to submit my views
 upon it.
 I frankly avow, in the outset, that
 the bill provides for one part only of an
 evil, whose remedy, as it seems to me,
 is not only the object of a reasonable
 desire, but of a rightful and legal de
 mand. The bill proposes the abolition,
 not of slavery, but only of the slave
 trade in the District of Columbia. My
 argument will go to show that within
 the limits of this District, slavery ought
 not to exist in fact, and does not exist
 in law.
 Sir, in the first place, let us inquire
 what is the state of things in this Dis
 trict on this subject. The gentleman
 from Indiana, (Mr. R. W. Thompson,]
 who addressed us a few days since,
 jsed the following language:
 ‘What is the slave-trade in the Dis
 trict of Columbia? I have heard a
 &lt;»reat deal said about ‘slave pens’—
 about slaves sold at auction—and about
 stripping the mother from the child,
 and the husband from the wife. These
 things may exist here, but I do not
 know of them. Since I have been in
 the habit of visiting the District—which
 is from my boyhood—l have never
 seen a negro sold here—l have never
 seen a band of negroes taken off by the
 slave trader. 1 do not remember that
 1 have ever seen the slave trader him-
 Helf. 1 know nothing of the ‘slave pen’
 that is so much talked about. It may
 be here, however, and these things
 may happen every day before the eyes
 of gentlemen who choose to hunt them
 up, but for myself, I have no taste for
 such things.’
 Now, sir, if the gentleman means to
 say that he has no personal knowledge
 of 'slave pens,’ and of the slave traffic
 in this District, that is one thing but it
 lie means to deny or call in question the
 existence of the traffic itsali, or of the
 dens where its concentrated iniquities
 make uplhe daily employment of men,
 that is quile another thing. Sir, from
 the western front of this Capitol, from
 the piazza that opens out from your Con
 gressional Library, as you cast your
 eye along the horizon and over the
 conspicuous objects of the landscape—
 the President’s mansion, the Smithson
 ian Institution, and the site of the
 \V ashinglon Monument—you cannot
 fail to see the horrid and black rece|&gt;-
 taclea where human being* are penned
 like cattle, and kept like cattle that
 they may be sold like cattle—as strictly
 and literally so as oxen and swine are
 keot and sold at the Smithfield shambles
 in London, or at the cattle fair in Brigh
 ton. In a communication made during
 the last session, by the Mayor of this
 city, to an honorable member of this
 House, he acknowledges the existence
 of slave pens here. Up and down the
 beautiful river that sweeps along the
THE NORTH STAR.
j western margin of the District, slavers j
 j come and go, bearing their freight of,
 human souls to be vended in this mar
 ket-place; and after the/ have changed
 hands, according to the forms of com
 merce, the/ are re-transported—the
 father of a family to go perhaps to the!
 rice fields of South Carolina, the mother;
 to the cotton fields of Alabama, and the
 children to be scattered over the sugar
 plantations of Louisiana or Texas.
 Sir, it is notorious that the slave!
 traders of this District advertise for
 slaves in the newspapers of the neigh-
 boring counties of Maryland, to be
 delivered in any numbers at their slave'
 pens in this city; and that they have
 agents, in the city and out of it. who!
 are engaged in supplying victims for
 their shambles. Since the gentleman
 from Indiana was elected to this Con
 gress, and, 1 believe, since he took his
 seat in this Congress, one cofile of about
 sixty slaves came chained and driven
 into this city; and, at about the same:
 time, another cofflc of a hundred. Here
 they were lodged for a short period, j
 were then sold, and went on their re-j
 turnless way to the engulfing South.
 But the gentleman from Indiana says,!
 ‘but for myself, 1 have no taste fori
 such things.’ His taste explains his
 vision. Suppose Wilberforce and
 Clarkson had had no ‘taste’ for quel
 ling the horrors of the African slave
 trade? Suppose Howard and Mrs. Fry
 to have had no ‘taste’ for laying open
 the abominations of the prison-house, i
 and for giving relief to the prisoner?;
 Suppose Miss. Dix to have had no ‘taste’;
 for carrying solace and comfort and 1
 restoration to the insane? Suppose the
 Abbe L’Epee to have had no ‘taste’ for
 teaching deaf mutes or the Abbe Hauv
 for educating the blind? or M. Scguin
 and others for training idiots, and for 1
 educing docility and decency and a
 love of order from those almost imper
 ceptible germs of reasons and sense,
 that barely distinguish them from the
 brutes! Suppose these things, and in
 what a different condition would the
 charities and the sufferings of the world
 have been! Herod had no ‘taste’ for
 sparing the lives of the children of
 Bethlehem, and of all the coasts there- j
 of; and doubtless he could have said,
 with entire truth, that he never heard
 the voice, in Rama, of lamentation and
 weeping and great mourning; nor saw,
 among all the mothers of Syria, any
 Rachel weeping for her children, and
 refusing to be comforted, because they
 were not. Rut, sir, just in proportion
 as the light of civilization and Chris
 tianity dawns upon the world, will men
 be found who have a ‘taste* for suc
 coring the afflicted, and for righting
 tue wronged. It was the clearest proof
 of the Great Teachet’s mission, that he
 ha*d a ‘taste’ for going about, doing
 good.
 During the last fifty yeas, and es
 pecially during the last half of these
 fifty years, the world has made great
 advances in the of liberty.
 Human rights have been recognized,
 and their practical enjoyment, to some!
 extent, secured. There is not a gov-j
 ernment in Europe, even the most iron j
 and despoticai of them all, that has not
 participated in the ameliorations w hich
 characterize the present age. A noble
 catalogue of rights has been wrested
 by the British Commons from the British
 nobility. France and Italy have been!
 revolutionized. Even the Pope of
 Rome, whose power seemed as eternal
 as the hills on which he was seated,
 has sunk under the shock. Prussia,
 and all the Germanic Powers, with the
 exception of Austria, have been half
 revolutionized; and even the icy des
 potisms of Austria and Russia are;
 forced to relent under those central fires i
 of liberty which burn forever in the!
 human heart, as the central fires of the
 earth burn forever at its core.—Great
 Britain has abolished African slavery
 throughout all her realms. France has
 declared that any one who shall volun
 tarily become the owner of a slave, or
 shall voluntarily continue to be the
 owner of a slave cast upon him by be
 quest or inheritance, shall cease to be
 a citizen of France. Denmark has
 abolished slavery wherever it existed,
 in her possessions. The Bey of Tunis,
 acting under the light of the Moham
 medan religion, has abolished it. The
 priests of Persia declare the sentiment
 to have coine by tradition from Mo
 hammed himself, that ‘the worst of
 men is the seller of men.’ Not only
 all civilized nations, but the half-civil
 ized, the semi-barbarous, are acting
 under the guidance of the clearer light
 and the higher motives of our day.
 But there is one conspicuous exception;
 there is one government which closes
 its eyes to this increasing light; which
 resists the persuasiou of these ennob
 ling motives; which, on the grand sub
 ject of human liberty and human rights,
 is stationary, and even retrogrades,
 while the whole world around is advanc
 ing sleeps while all others are awak
 ing; loves its darkness while all others
 are aspiring and ascending to a purer
 air and a brighter sky. This govern
 ment, too, is the one which is most
 boastful aud vainglorious of its free
 dom; and, if the humiliating truth must
 be spoken, this goveromeat is our own.
 In regard to slavery and the slave trade
 in this District, where we possess the
 powor of exclusive legislation, we stand
 where we stood fifty years ago. Not a
 single ameliorating law has been
 passed. In practice, we are where we
 were then; in spirit, there are proofs
 that we have gone backward.
 There are now on the surface of the
 globe two conspicuous places— places
 which are attracting the gaze of the
 whole civiliasd world—whither men
 and women are brought from great dis
 tances to be sold, and whence they are
 carried to great distances to sutler the
 heaviest wrongs that human nature can
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF ITS ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
bear One of these places is the coast
 of Africa, which is among the most
 pagan and benighted regions of the
 earth; the other is the District of Co
 lumbia, the capital and seat of govern
 ment of the United States.
 As far back as 180?, Congress did
 what it could to abolish the slave trade
 on the coast of Africa In 1820 it de
 clared the foreign slave trade to be
 piracy; but on the *2lst of January, 1849,
 a bill was introduced into this House to
 abolish the domestic slave trade in this
 District—here, in the centre and heart
 of the nation—and seventy-two Rep
 resentatives voted against it; voted to
 lay it on the table, whereas, we all
 know, it would sleep a dreamless sleep
 This was in the House of Representa
 tives. It is well knojvn that the Senate
 is still more resistant of progress than
 the House; and it is th* opinion oi
 many that even if a bill should pass
 both House and Senate, it would re
 ceive the Executive veto. By authori
 ty of Congress, the City ofWashington
 is the Congo of America.
 But, still more degrading than this,
 there is another contrast which we
 present to the whole civilized w T orld.
 The very slaves upon whom we have
 trodden have risen above us, and their
 moral superiority makes our conduct
 ignominious. Not Europeans only—
 not only Arabians and Turks—are
 emerging from the inhumanly and the
 enormities of the slave traffic; but even
 our own slaves, transplanted to the
 land of their fathers, are raising bar
 riers against the spread of this execra
 ble commerce. On the shores of
 Africa a republic is springing up, whose
 inhabitants were transplanted from this
 Egypt of bondage. And now, look at
 the government which these slaves and
 descendants of slaves have established,
 and contrast it with our own. They
 discard the institution of slavery, while
 we cherish it. A far greater propor
 tion of their children than of the white
 children of the slave States of this
 Union, are at school. In the metro
 polis of their ration, their flag does
 not protect the slave traffic, nor wave
 over the slave mart. Would to God
 that the very opposite of this were not
 true of our own! Their laws punish
 the merchandise of human beings; our
 laws sanction and encourage it. They
 have erected, and are erecting, forti
 fications and military posts along the
 shores of the Atlantic, for seven hun
 dred miles, to prevent pirates from in
 vading the domain of their neighbors,
 and kidnapping people who, to them,
 are foreign nations. We open market
 places here, at the centre ofthe nation,
 w'here, from seven hundred miles of
 coast, the seller may come to sell, and
 where buyers may come tef buy, and
 whence slaves are carried almost as
 far from their birth-place as Africa is
 from America. The Governor of Li
 beria has lately made a voyage to Eng
 land and France, and entered into
 treaties of amity and commerce with
 them; and he has obtained naval forces
 from them, to abolish this traffic in hu
 man beings. At the same time, we are
 affording guaranties to the same traffic.
 Virginia and Maryland are to the slave
 trade what the interior of Africa once
 was. The Potomac and the Chesa
 peake are the American Niger and
 Bight of Benin; while this District is
 the great Government barracoon,
 whence coftles are driven across the
 country to Alabama or Texas, as slave
 ships once bore their dreadful cargoes
 of agony and woe across the Atlantic.
 The very race, then, which were first
 stolen, brought to this country, des
 poiled of all the rights which God had
 given them, kept in bondage for gen
 erations, at last, after redeeming them
 selves, or being restored to their natur
 al liberty in some other way, have
 crossed the ocean, established a gov
 ernment for themselves, and are now
 setting us an example which should
 cause our cheeks to blister with shame.
 Sir, there is an idea often intro
 duced here and elswhere, and made to
 bear against any restriction of slarvery,
 or any amelioration of the condition ot
 the slave, which I wish to consider. It
 was brought odiously and peominently
 forward, the other day, by the gentle
 man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Charles
 Brow n.] The idea is, that the slaves
 are in a better condition in this count
 ry than they would have been at home.
 It is affirmed that they are brought un
 der some degree of civilizing and hu
 manizing influences amongst us, which
 they would not have felt in the land ol
 their fathers.
 Let us look first at the philosophy ol
 this notion, and then at its morality.
 All those who use this argument as a
 defence or mitigation of the evils ol
 slavery, or as a final cause for its ex
 istence, assume that if the present three
 million slaves who now darken out
 southern horizon, and fill the air with
 their groans, had not been here in theii
 present state of bondage, they would
 have been in Africa, in a stale of pag
 anism. Now the slightest reflection
 •hows that this assumption has no hash
 in truth. Not one of them all would
 now have been in existence, if theii
 ancestors had not been brought to thu
 country. And, according to the lawi
 ot population operative among barbar
 ous nations, there are now just as mam
 inhabitants pagans, cannibals, oi
 what you please —in Africa, as then
 would have been if the spoiler hat
 never entered their homes, and ruv
 ished and borne them into boudage
 Among savage nations, or uomadti
 tribes, the population equals the mean
 of subsistence. 1 ake away two, three
 or four per cent, of the consumers
 and the vacuum is immediately sup
 plied. The population keeps up to tb&lt;
 level of the production. Among sucl
 people, there is always a tendency t«
 increase faster than the means of Inriiq
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1849.
increase. Take aws? a part of then,
 and this tendency to increase takes
 effect by its own rigor—it executes it
 self. It 19 like a bow that unbends, or
 j a spring that uncoils, as soon as aa
 j external pressure is removed. Dam up
 i a fountain, and the weight of the ac
 i cumulating strata will eventually check
 the outflow from the spring. So it is
 *of a savage population. Of them the
 j Malthusian theory is true.
 Aud bow infinitely absurd and ridi
 t culous is the plea that the slaves are
 better off here than thet t could have
 been in Jifrica Go out into the streets
 of this city, and take the first one you
 meet, —perhaps he is a mulatto. But
 for being here, he would have been
 l a mulatto in the middle of Africa, would
 he? Take them all, —mulat o, mesti
 zo, zambo, and all “the vast variety of
 man,” so far as color m concerned,
 and if they had not their existence
 j here, they would have had it in Africa!
 This is the doctrine. Would they
 have had the same American names
 also? Would they have spoken the
 same language, and worn cotton grown
 on the same fields? The last is just as
 certain ns the first. It is all more silly
 than the repinings of the silty girls who
 grieved because their mother had not
 married a certain rich suitor, whose
 addresses in early life she had reject
 ed; for then, said they, how rich ve
 j should have been! No, not one of
 these three millions of men, women and
 1 children,would have been in existence in
 Africa. All the crime of their kidnap
 ping; all the horrors of the middle pas
 sage; all their sufferings for two centu
 ries, or six generations; and all the ca
 lamities, that are yet to grow out of
 their condition, —all these crimes and
 agonies are gratuitous crimes and ago
 nies.—There is no recompense or pal
 liation for them.—They have been
 j added unnecessarily and remorselessly
 to the amount of human guilt and
 suffering for which the white race must
 answer in the day of account. The
 idea, then, of sending the slaves back
 to their country is an egregious fallacy.
 If they were to he sent back whence
 they came, it would not be to Africa,
 but to non-entity.
 If the ancestors of the present three
 millions of slaves had never been
 brought —if their descendants had never
 been propagated here, for the supposed
 value of their services, their places
 would have been supplied by white
 laborers —by men of the Caucasian
 race—by freemen. Instead of the three
 million slaves, of all colors, we "should
 doubtless now have at least three million
 white, free-born citizens, adding to the
 real prosperity of the country, and to
 the power of the Republic. If the
 South had not had slaves to do their
 work for them, they would have be
 come ingenious and inventive like the
 North, and would have enlisted the
 vast forces of nature in their service
 wind, and fire, and water, and stearn,
 and lightning, the mighty energies of
 gravitation and the subtle forces of
 chemistry. The country might not
 have had so gaudy and ostentatious a
 civilization as at present, but it would
 have had one infinitely more pure and
 sound.
 But admit the alleged statement,
 absurd and lalse as it is; admit that
 these three millions of slaves would
 have belonged to Africa if they had not
 belonged to America, —that they would
 have been born of the same fathers
 and mothers there as here, so that those
 of them who are American mulattoes
 would have been Ethiopian mulattoes;
 and admit, further, that their present
 condition is better than the alternative
 condition alleged, —and what then Is
 your duty done r Is it enough if you
 have made the condition of a man or of
 a race a little better, or any better, if
 you have not made it as much better
 as you can r \N hut standard of morals
 do gentlemen propose to themselves r
 If a fellow-being is suffering under a
 hundred diseases, and we can relieve
 him from them all, what kind of be
 nevolence is that which boasts of re
 lieving him from one, and permits him
 to suffer under the other ninety-and
 nine? By the law of nature and of
 God, the slave, like every other man,
 is entitled to life, liberty and the pur
 suit of happiness; he is entitled to nia
 earnings,—to the enjoyment of his
 social affections, —to the development
 of his.intellectual and moral faculties,
 —to that cultivation of his religious
 nature which shall fit him, not merely
 to feel, but reason of righteousness,
 temperance, and a judgment to come,
 —he is entitled to all these rights, of
 which he has been cruelly despoiled;
 and when he catches some feeble glim
 mering of some of them, withhold
 the rest, and defend ourselves and pride
 ourselves that he is better off than he
 would have been in some other country
 or some other condition. Suppose the
 Samaritan had bound up a single wound,
 or relieved a single pang 011 the bleed
 ing wayfarer who had fallen among
 thieves, and then had gone to the next
 inn and boasted of benevolence. He
 would only have shown the difference
 between a‘good Samaritan and a‘bigot
 Samaritan.’ The thieve, themselves
 might have done as much.
 But there is another inquiry which
 ■he champion, of gm to
 answer before the world and before
 heaven If American alnrea are bet
 ter off than unlive Afncana, who to
 be thanked ior it? Haa their improved
 condition reunited from anv purposed
 plan, any well-dtgeated systemaed
 measure, carefully thought out and
 reasoned out. and tnlendad for their
 benefit? Not all. In all the South
 ern statute hooka, and legislative rec
 ord. there is no trace of any such
 scheme. Laws, judicial decisions, the
 writiua of political economists—all
 treat tba slave aa a thing to tanka men-
ey with. Agricultural societies give
 rewards for the beet crops. Horse
 jockey societies improve the fleetness
 of the breed for tho sports of the turf.
 Even the dogs have professional train
 ers. But not one thing is done to bring
 out the qualities of manhood that lie
 buried in a slave. Look through the
 Southern statute book and see what
 Draconian penalties are inflicted for
 teaching a slave to read—see how he is
 lashed for attending a meeting to hear
 the word of God. On every high-road
 patrols lie in wait to scourge him back,
 if he attempts to see father, mother,
 wife child or friend, on a neighboring
 plantation. By day and lyr night, at all
 times and everywhere, he is the victim
 of an energetic and comprehensive sys
 tem of measures, which blot out his
 senses, paralyze his mind, degrade and
 brutify bis nature, and suppress the in
 stinctive workings of truth, generosity,
 and manhood, in his breast. All the
 good that reaches him is in defiance of
 these privations and disabilities. If
 any light penetrates to his soul, it is
 because human art cannot weave a
 cloud dense and dark enough to be
 wholly impervious to it.—There are
 some blessings which the goodness of
 God can bestow* in spite of human ef
 forts to intercept them. It is these on
 ly which reach the slave. After having
 built up all barriers to forbid the ac
 cess of improvemect; after having
 sealed his senses by ignorance, and
 more than half obliterted his faculties
 by neglect and perversion, the oppres
 sor turns round, and because there are
 some scanty, incidental benefits grow
 ing out of the very deplorableness of
 his condition, he justifies himself before
 the world, and claims the approval of
 heaven, because the slave is better off
 here than he would be in Africa.
 Sir, such an argument as this is an of
 fence to heaven. I consider it to be
 as much worse than atheism, as Chris
 tianity is better. And when such an
 argument comes from a gentleman be
 longing to a free State; when it comes
 from the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
 [Mr. Brown] from a representative of
 the city of VVm. Penn; when he with
 out motive, without inducement, offers
 such a gratuity to the devil, I cannot
 account for it except on the principle of
 the man, wrho having alceen relish for the
 flesh of sivioe, said he wished he w*erc
 a Jew, that he might have the pleasure
 of eating pork and committing a sin at
 the same time.
 To be continued.)
 WHAT IS TIIE DIFFERENCE.
 The supreme authority of these
 United States has declared that “the
 slave-trade is piracy.” But what is this
 traflick which involves a degree of
 criminality that makes him who engages
 in it the enemy of mankind It is that
 slave-trade that steals the sons and
 daughters of Africa, and consigns them
 to Christian bondage, in this free land.
 Doubtless, this is piracy of the worst
 kind.
 But there is a traffick in slaves,
 tolerated in this enlightened Christian
 land, that snatches from tho home of
 their childhood those whom God and
 nature have joined together; that irons
 them together for along, and weary,
 and painful drive, to the rice and cotton
 plantations of the South; that dooms
 them to severe and unrequited labor,
 to disease and an early death. It is
 understood that the average life of
 transported slaves does not exceed ten
 years. The unhealthiness of a new
 and vicious climate soon destroys those
 whom the severity of the toil and the
 lash had spared; and on the other hand,
 the toil wears out those whom the climate
 does not kill. The violent separation
 of families, and the dreadful expectation
 that those thus sent away are thus con
 signed to an early grave; the fears of
 those who go, and of those who stay;
 the mourning, and the pain and sorrow,
 inseparable from this slave-trade, stamp
 this accursed traflick with the same
 lineaments of cruelty and wrong, as
 have excited the execration of mankind
 in the African slave-trade. Why should
 separation in Africa be more painful to
 natural affection, than in Virginia?
 Why is the dread of cruelty qiore keen,
 the hopelessness of separation more op
 pressive, and the uncertainty of the
 future more frightful in Africa than in
 America? Whoever thinks that the
 horrors of the “middle passage” en
 hance the atrocity of the African slave
 trade, knows but little of the slave-trade
 between Virginia and Georgia. The
 weariness of that toilsome journey; the
 exhaustion, and the sickness, the
 soreness of the feet, and the galling ol
 the chains, besides the inflictions of the
 lash, go far to match the atrocious
 wrongs of the traflick that spans the
 ocean with its cruisers. Besides all
 these physical sufferings, there are
 moral evils connected with this traflick,
 not less worthy of execration. Children
 are torn from their parents aad parents
 from their children, in utter violation ol
 the rights which the God of nature has
 given vo both parents and the children.
 Husbands are separated from wives and
 wives from husbands, in violation ol
 the most sacred rights and dearest in
 terests of both. The marriage tie is
 sundered (if marriage ties are possible,
 under the system of slavery); tempta
 tions are held out to adoltery and crime,
 and an utter recklessness of the obli
 gations of this sacred relation neces
 sarily created, which must react will
 terrible force upon tbe children.
 We need nut pursue the moral bear
 ing of a system that is full of wroog
 This feature of the system of slaver)
 ;is oneof its most cruel aspects; and in
 iniridstc wrongs, and its analogy t&lt;
 11 another traflick, show that the systen
 I j has exacted toleration for an infamoui
 slave-trade, scarcely less atrocious thai
that which the civilized world hu pro
 i nounced piracy. Why should it not
 also be suppressed, and for the same
 good reasons
 It is to be remembered, too, as one
 of the worst features of this inter-Statc
 slave-trade, that it encourages the
 abominations of a portion of this traffick
 which is most disgraceful—that of rais
 ing men to sell. It stimulates the in
 i crease of the slave population, for
 mercenary ends. Nothing more pain
 fully evinces the moral and social de
 basement of this “sum of all villanies,”
 than these unutterable enormities; no
 not even the African slave-trade itself.
 —JV. F. Evangelist.
 of the Chrunotvpe.
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 I saw by the morning papers yester
 day that Frederick Douglass was to
 speak in the evening, at a church in
 Marlon street. I found this situated in
 rather an obscure part of the city,
 and occupied by a colored congregation
 as their place for the “slated preach
 ing of the gospel.” The house was
 I plainly fitted up, dimly lighted, and as I
 entered, scantily filled with a motley
 but earnest-looking assemblage, such as
 you generally see at anti-slavery gath
 erings. The formality of appointing a
 1 chairman and secretary having been'
 despatched, and two grave, colored
 gentlemen satisfactorily installed in
 these respective offices, the business ot
 the evening was opened with a very
 business-like prayer—almost as short
 :as an ordinary “grace before meat,”j
 and of course very much to the point—
 by a white clergyman, or possibly, by
 t a lay-brother, whose name I did not
 j learn. By this time, the audience hadj
 greatly increased, and when Dotiglassi
 ascended the platlorin, he found hiinseltl
 in front of a numerous assembly,whesej
 quiet, earnest deportment indicated a
 deep interest in the subject, or a curi
 osity to listen to the eloquence of the
 celebrated colored orator. I thought
 Douglass did not look so well as usual,
 nor did he show lii.s accustomed spirit.
 He appeared a good deal worn by hard
 work, and as he had been speaking in
 town on different occasions, for several
 days past, l dare say he was somewhat
 jailed both in mind and body. He has
 not, however, lost his old vehement,
 fiery eloquence—his voice is inspired
 by true, deep passion—and the earnest-,
 ness of his manner gives force to his 1
 declarations. The commencement of
 his speech was modest and conciliatory,
 delivered for the most part, in an under
 tone and expressing the embarrassment
 he felt in addressing an aiidi. i
 posed of two races. After a rapid, but.
 i complete and conclusive argument on
 the absurdity of confounding personali
 ty with property, he announced his main
 subject, “The Great Men of the United
 States, as indicating the standard of
 public morality.” After reviewing the
 career of Gen. Taylor—expatiating on
 the services by which he had won
 the Presidency—and denouncing his
 position and character as, in the highest
 degree, favorable to slavery, he pro
 ceeded to discuss the political merits of
 Henry Clay. The topic was evidently
 a favorite one with the speaker, and he
 handled it wit It a force and unction
 that showed he was completely at home
 in it, and that his burning words flew
 out like hot coals of fire, from an exci
 ted, deeply indignant soul. Clay’s letter
 to the people of Kentucky he charac
 terized as a master piece of inconsis
 tency. “It was” said he, “very elo-,
 quent, but very sophistical —filled with
 the most pious sentiments and the most
 nefarious principles—exhibiting the
 most tender love of humanity, and the
 most hitter hatred of the negro.”— j
 This did not seem to be precisely to the.
 taste of all the audience, I noticed sev
 eral leave their seats and make for the
 door about this time. One young gen
 tleman, in particular, with a most con
 spicuous cravat, passed near me mutter
 ing—“l wish I had the black devil in
 my power, 1 would cut his throat from
 ear to ear,” and enforcing the pious
 ejaculation with sundry epithets more
 distingished for their brevity and terse
 ness than for their decorum. On the
 whole Douglass acquitted himself w ith
 credit. The fiery invectives, in whr h
 he so freely indulges are a part of his
 system of propagandist), and though
 they may cause a fastidious taste to re
 volt, they so clearly spring from an in
 tense perception of wrong—a burning
 recollection of personal injury, that one
 can hardly condemn their employment,
 however much he may regret their ne
 cessity.
 I Wonders or the White Nile. —lt
 is, perhaps, hardly necessary to remind
 the reader, that the river Nile is formed
 of two confluent streams, the blue and
 the White, whose junction is in South
 Nubia, between 15 deg. and 15 deg. of
 -north latitude. The source of the Blue
 Nile was ascertained by Bruce, and by
 subsequent travellers, to be in the
 mountains of Abyssinia; but the course
 of the other branch*, which is by far
 the longest, had been followed, until
 very lately, only as far south as 10 deg.
 orll deg. north latitude. Keen now
 the river has not been traced to its ori
 gin, although Mr. Weme and his com
 panions penetrated to 4 deg north lati
 tude. Further they conld not go, owing
 to the rapid subsidence of the w aters.
 The expedition had been delated six
 weeks by the culpable dilatormess of
 one of its members and this was fatal
 to the realization of its object. We
 can concieve few things more excite
 uig than such a voyage as Mr. Werne
 has accomplished and recorded. Start
 ing from the out-posts of civilization, he
 sailed into the very heart of Africa, up
 stream whose upper waters were
 then, for the first time, furrowed by
 1 veseel larger than a savage's c«we
JOH.\ l&gt;irk. Ptinmri
WHOLE NO. 72
stream of _
 ;h.i... »Hi,h,« asyas--
 I gave lhe from
 rather than a river. TtSTh,,,,, 1 ke
 were in porportion with cr *»tion
 of the water-course Th D 0,lu
 mus reared h„ huge snout 7^' a
 surface. and w,Holed .n
 that on either hand j ulll
 ,h
 the shore; elephant* plarcd'm' 1 h°¥
 I upon the nastnr**. •.1 ln oerdn
 i stalked amo P n K M the'loft* r ,r
 rushes. Along the bove
 banka hordea of aav»ge, ,howed Pl &lt;1
 aelrea, gazing in wonder ai til,!,
 slnps. and making ambigoua ge C
 variously construed bv the ,dfe,uu™~
 as sigua of friendship or hostility
 natclv sailing and .owing, aa 'he
 served or not constantlv in sight of na
 il' 09 but ranely communicating with
 hem; often cut olf for davs from land
 hy interminable fields of weeds- the
 pedilmn pursued its course through in
 numerable perils, guaranteed from most
 floated' I* U d lm P ar 00 which
 It Moated. I,ions looked hungry and
 sSS a ,o d ok ,peara b
 Showed a disposition to swim off and
 ,,oartl tlotilla.— Watkiroott.
 AGirstvK,Hinii,ov ivHindostas
 -The second exhibition was more e *l
 raord.nary and more difficult; ideed
 I could not have believed it bad I not
 witnessed ,t myself. A young n
 i s, ;PP ed by the assistance
 I 0110 ot t,le arsees, who acted as in
 terpreter, informed us, “that 101 h|t
 was not usual for the eves to work
 ■the hands did, he would', lor once and
 Fto show h,s respect. Sec., for the burn,
 I s«*ih„ (great man) use them m n sim
 ilar manner.' A huge piece of stone,
 wo or three feet thick and s.,„are,
 I ,l e l’ lace(l be lore him. to which two
 short iines were strongly attached
 having at the ends a smalfround piece
 of tin, the size and shape of a sixpence.
 Luting his eyelids, and rolling the ball
 of the eye on one side in a most extra
 ordinary manner, he stooped, inserted
 these coins inside the lid of the eves
 and closed the lid on them. His hands
 were then bound behind him, and rais
 ing himself slowly, he actually lifted
 the huge mass b;, flu njdids. from the
 ground to the level of his waist. How
 long he would have continued to hold it
 I cannot tell; Ibr the ladies present
 were so shocked at the really terrible
 exhibition, that they insisted on his be
 ing commanded to let it go. He was
 awarded by a gift often rupees.—YYe
 l afterwards inquired if this power or art
 I were fonimon amongst the iripsy tribes
 ami were told it was not; being rather
 rare, and highly esteemed by them, the
 performer always expected an extra
 present from the spectators. Our Par
 see servant added, that the practice
 entailed early blindness on its'posses
 sor—Chamber Edinburgh Journal.
 I lit Cochineal. —This insect is
 raised in Curacao, on the opal, a broad
 leaved smooth cactus. The plants are
 set in rows, and grow from three to four
 leet high, for convenience of gathering
 the insect. Ihe mother insects are
 placed in a three cornered paper pock
 et which i 3 pinned to the lee side of a
 leal of each plant, by a thorn of a cac
 tus. There is a hole in the pocket,
 through which the young issue on the
 plant in clusters. They look like small
 bunches of cotton. The male insect is
 said to he a small fly, which lives but
 four days.
 Iwo or three ‘"crops” are gathered
 yearly by brushing them off with a soft
 brush. One colony, however is left to
 each plant. Ihe crop is uncertain, and
 depends much on the weather. The
 insects are dried over hpt sheets of tin
 which gives the silvery appearance.
 Some are dried in the sun, which are
 not so good. The color is said to be de
 rived from the juice of the plant; on
 bruising a live insect, the same color is
 given as when dry. They are said to
 keep for any length of time and to re
 tain their peculiar color, if properly
 cured.
 New plantations of the opal are made
 by breaking otl one of the leaves, and
 letting it remain on the ground some
 time, and then planting in the earth—
 if planted immediately after taken off'
 they will decay. The annual crop
 of cochineal is about 7000 lbs for Cu
 racao, HOOOIbs ll»s for Bonaire, and
 JJUOO for Aruba. The government re
 monopolisesthe growth of these insects,
 and receives bids yearly for the grow
 ing crop.— Hodon Journal.
 Anecdote or John Randolph. Dur
 ing the suspension of specie payments
 throughout the country, many years
 ago, Randolph happened to be in New
 York, and presenting a draft, desired
 a specie for the amount. The cashier
 refused the specie, and Randolph, con
 cluding that lie had been swindled, did
 not deign to argue the matter with the
 Bank officers, but immediately issued
 placards throughout the city, announc
 ing that “John Randolph of Roanoke”
 would address his countrymen upon the
 banking system, that evening from the
 steps ot the MerchantV Bank. Hours
 before the tune, the crowd had become
 immense, and the bank directors, tho
 roughly frightened at such a demonstra
 tion, made a virtue of necessity. and
 tendered him the desired amount of spe
 cie, which Randolph accepted with
 some sarcastic quotation in f*atin, tho
 irony of which was wonderfully enhan
 ced by its unmielligibility to those to
 »hmn it was addressed He did not
 address the meeting.
 Our wealth consists not so much tn
 what we are able to purchase, as iu
 what we are contented to do without.
"
