"K*n l*Vl ICK DOUGLAS**,
 M. fc. DELAfti V, i Eo,to
VOT,. IT. NO. 22.
Thr NORTH STAR U published c»*n
 f'n4.t%, j*i N*o, }j, linflalo Street,
 {CJjwe**?/ the Arcade.}
 TEiiMi
 Tw o dollar* per annum, ll eA-ww.
 m whi lie i*w«d l&gt;r a let* term t**
 &lt;x
 Adv«rtretnent« net exocedin? tea line* tacit*
 h &lt;f Ituifi for tjiie doitwr; e» era rt*e»-
 &gt;t, twn* -Ii ro &lt;vni
 The utiject &lt;lt i- :n* T »k «ill lie lu uUacl
 Sumy m «U iu f*« a- wit /caii
 UyiUkiu L 4 1 f i I’W&gt; die :-ta i&lt;itu
 of Pea Lie MopALltr; j r r. t* t..c moral ani in
 tilectiul inpn r eMiA &lt;A tiw t.otonrr I*f:o?tk;
 and naetea toe &lt;;.»r of FREEDOM to Um fitiir.»
 Mil.Ltox' of r r--*T*vrf Ft.f.tow Coti?-
 T K V X 1. v
 P» i LlHitllß’.'* vft TICES.
 ,3» .%h r.Mjfcv. .si«*iwa* iei:ntn«f to the bisvie*'
 rt &lt;i| Hj- ntwOß of -uW-iiu*.*r&lt;*, remit'
 iti ej‘,Kr., -.t-init te» r* John Dick,
 uMi 'l,i i.
 n .oil ail slier' emiing name*, #h
 i&gt; 1&lt; .hciiim; K* r the I'M Ofiet,
 pod ti» S-rfe. ,nrli Subm it* v A im
 .i».ii:• 1», I'rnlitcil for i a**v iiH'eival,
 t .y (o*i ,»!i ilk* payment foi f-Mii J
 ,ilp*!*., l/t mii ito toie addi'i'*-, mat i
 •f- j tilthcopy i i' year.
 r; Mi 1. it«-&lt; to'* iiiHHijiraiions «rm-t Is- port:
 1,1-1 &lt;*i U. TATS.
 '■l s' iii -iti —ll K. slmti,2l. G.ruliill,
 .-.1,,.,; N.oiiai'.li-!: iNov. Bedford; Horatio W.
 I'ii-: t, i J.i ii- N. Bullion, l.vnn; lirorge
 1 ‘,i-, \Vi.riT-«ti i t I 't ii'" SjKHHrr, Plymouth;
 Cuii* 11. tii. &gt;jii iiiijf«'ld iJ iV.d Ibu gles,
 iiUriiiJ(.iiiii il- .sh\ Upton.
 Mm*., —«*i'i i |V nn.-tt f Portland.
 V miiOi. —-ll'i'vland T. Koldnsriit, North Kcr-t
 I
 t’ovvj nil t r. —Jonathan l&lt;*'on,irtJ. Niu Haven,
 \i u (lampmiii: i —HVire Ta|*f*:ui, Bradiord. j
 v\ York.—Svdiwv 11. C*av. 112, Nassau i
 I reel; James Mi t.'o-ii- Sin-ili. fill. i-st Broadway; j
 J, -(-pli Post, -w. i.,. lai i a Uoiiuty; Mary liar-1
 .s i. Albany; Klias 11. it,, M.ht don; Willetts Krows:
 |’i rn. L'linlun Umtnu i iia.a Baltitiiorr, Trov;
 J. p. Platt, Penn Van; ,1, Jetfrev. Geneva; K. S.J
 Is.itli. t
 Riiouc Islsmi.—Ainaraw.v Paine, Providence.;
 p» s ssvi.v AMA.— J. M. M‘Kitn,lll, North Uiftii j
 Si reel. I’lnladelpiiia li. \V. IloiiK-s, S Erv lunge j
 PU*e. Ditto; B. llmvn,Pitt&gt;l&gt;m"h; Wm. Wlii|i|»er, j
 ii'na 1-wae l! ilvrt', Jtwolj 1,. Paxou, N-aris-i
 ...e.ii, Mont«ouier\ I'ooniv, Milo A. Fotva.-'end.i
 e P.nyhton.
 tin to.—('hrisliatt Dnnaitkott, Cincinnati; Wat*,
 ■ii and tiaines, Dilto; Valenline Nicholson, Har* j
 -'itny.lt, Aarren Co.; Saiituel I ins ike, Jsa’eui.
 Mi hui tv. !1 liitrt Biliks, Detroit.
 Immivi,—Ji» i p. Din'ii., Economy, Wayne Co
Selections. t
 EXTRACTS I
e
 »f Jl'prtetnlotivns, V h. 21, 1 3*9, on Slivern fi'ul
 ,y Soft ’l'i n lr rn th I h tnrt of (\lu.-nhin.
 [cost hiPKn.)
 Sir, he who denies to children the
 ricquisitioii nt works dev-j I
 disii miracles. Ii a man destroys niyjs
 power of hearing, it precisely the f
 same to .me as though, leaving my: I
 faculty of hearing untouched, he hidjii
 annihilated all the .melodies and har- I
 monies of the universe. If a man (I
 obliterates my power of vision, it is j a
 pro. isel. the same to me as th &gt;ugh hej c
 had biot'ed ou the light of the sun. Is
 and dun? a pall of darkness over all
 the beauties of the earth, and the 1
 g|„r es «*f the firmament. So if a us- t
 urper of human rights takes away from
 a child the faculties of knowledge, or
 the means and opportunties to know, it t
 is precisely the same to that child as t
 though alf the beauties and the won-
 dets, all the magnificence and the I
 glory of the universe itself had been
 destroyed. To one who is permitted i
 to know nothing of the charms and j
 sublimities of science, all science is i
 nonexi-tenl. To one who is permitted
 to know nothing ol the historical past,
 ali the past generations of men are a
 non-entity. To one whose iniud is not,
 made capacious of the future, and
 opened to receive it, all the great in
 terests of futurity have less of reality]
 than a dream. I say, therefore, in
 strict, literal, philosophical truth, that
 whoever denies knowledge to children
 works devilish miracles. Just so lari
 as he disables and incapacitates them!
 from knowing, Ije annihilates the ob
 ject? of knowledge; he obliterates
 historv; he destroys the countless ma
 irnals in the natural world that might,
 through the medium ol the useful arts,
 be converted into human comforts and
 blessings; he suspends the sublime
 order and progression of Nature, and
 hints out those wonderful relations of
 cause and that belong to her un
 changeable. laws. Nay, there is a
 ,iensc m which such an impious des
 troyer of knowledge may be said to
 annihilate: the (Ventor himself, for he
 docs annihilate the capacity of forming
 a conception of that Creator, and thus
 prevent* a soul that was created in tlie*
 image of *od from ever teceiving the j
 image it was created to reflect. Such;
 a d stroyer of knowledge dims the!
 highest moral splendor of the universe, j
 (i .dismorelo me than a grand and
 -olitary Being, though refulgent with
 infinite perfections. Contemplated a&gt;
 enthroned in tin: midst of His works,
 His spiritual offspring in all the world*
 nc has formed become a multiplying
 glass, retl -cling hack the Original m
 all the profusi *n and countlcssuess o.
 infinity. But when the wickedness o
 man cuts «,ir entire generation* and
 wh de races from the capacity ot re
 flecting back thi- radiant image of th*
 Creator, then all tiiat part ol the uni
 verse where thtry dwell becomes blifek
 a-id revolting, and all that portion ol
 the Mirror of Souls which was des
 igned to reproduce and rekindle tin
 glories of the Eternal, absorbs and
 qti *nches the rays which it should
 hive caughi an 1 flamed with, anew
 and multiplied and returned. And std
 further, sir, 1 affirm, in words as tru*
 and literal as any that belong to ge
 onetry, that the man whi withhold
 k mwledge from a child not only work
 diabolical miracles f »r the destructioi
 of good, hut lor the creation of evi
 a 1 so. He who shuts out truth, by th
 an n act opens the door to all the er
 rnr that supplies iu place, ignoranc*
 breed* monsters to fill up all the va
THE NORTH STAR.
cuitics of the soul that are unoceupiec
 iv the verities of knowledge. He wm
 dethrones the i lea of Law, bids Chaw
 welcome in i f •‘lead. Superstition i
 nbe mathematical complement of re
 ligious truth; and just ao much leva a-
 I (he life of a human being is reclaim* c
 to good, just so much more is it de
 livered over to evil. The man or th«
 institution, therefore, that withhold.-
 knowledge fr *in a child, or from a ;aci
 if children, exercises the awful powe:
 »f changing the world in which they
 are to live, ju»t as much as though lit
 should annihilate all that ia moat lovely
 and grand in this planet of ours, or
 transport the victim of his cru-hv
 »jrne dark and frigid 2one of the uni
 j verse, where tf"? veet* of knowledge
 arc unknown, and the terrors of igno-
 I lance hold undisputed and remorseless
 reign. Sir, the laws recorded in the
 statute books of the free States, provid
 ing the means of education, and wooing
 the children to blessedness
 of true knowledge, are worthy to he
 inscribed as emblems and hieroglyphics
 upon the golden gales of Heaven; hut
 those laws which deform the statute
 books of the slave States of this Union,
 making it a penal offence to educate
 human beings, and dooming immortal
 soils to petpetual ignorance, would
 make the most appropriate adornment'
 wherewith to embellish with inscription
 and bas-relief the pillars of the coun
 cil-hall of Pandemonium.
 .Sir, if there is anything for which 1
 would go back to childhood, and live
 this weary life over again, it is for the
 burning, exalting, transporting thrill
 and ecslacy with which the young facul
 ties hold liieir arliest communion with
 knowledge. When the panting and
 thirsting soul iir»t drinks the delicious
 water of truth; when the moral and
 intellectual tastes and desires first seize
 the fragrant fruits that flourish in the
 garden of knowledge; then does the
 child catch a glimpse and foretaste of
 Heaven. He regales himself upon the
 nectar and ambrosia of the gods. Late
 in life, this zest is rarely if ever felt sni
 keenly as at the beginning. Such
 ought not to be'the fact; but our bodies
 are so systematically abused by trans
 gressions of the laws of health and
 life, that the sympathizing soul loses
 the keenness of its early relish. Even
 j then, however, age has its compensa
 tions. The old may experience the
 delights of learning, anew, and in the j
 reflex pleasure of seeing children
 learn. But these lofty and enduring i
 satisfactions, —Ufis pleasure, it is no;
 extravagance To say, this bliss ofj
 knowledge, both for parent and child.,
 is withheld, ecuelly,
 held from the slave. We know all j
 this; we see its imAruting consequences; i"
 and we are c impelled to see them, be
 cause the Government will uphold
 slavery here.
 Such, sir, is the spectacle which is
 presented to all northern inen, when
 ever for duty, for business, or fi»r;
 pleasure, they visit this metropolis.;
 Wherever we go, wherever we are,;
 the odious, abhorred concomitants ofj
 this institution are forced upon our ob-j
 nervation, and become a perpetual
 bitterness in the cup of life. The!
 whole system, with all its adjuncts, is
 irreconcilably repugnant to our ideas of
 justice. We believe it to lie a denial
 of the rights of man; we believe it to
 he contrary to the law of God. Whe
 ther these feelings wear away by the
 lapse of time, and the indurating pow
 er of custom, I know- not; hut, for one,
 I hope never to become hardened and
 callous to the sight; for it is a
 j where 1 could experience no initigati &gt;n
 of mv pains, without a corresponding
 debasement of my nature.
 Now, in all sincerity, and in all kind
 ness, 1 ask our southern brethren,
 i j what there is to them so valuable and
 desirable in retaining slavery here, as
 to be a compensation for all the pain
 and evil which i r s existence inflicts
 upon the North? Surely its abandon
 men! here would be a small thing to
 I them, while its continuance is a great
 thing to us. It is a great thing to us,
 I because we are hHd responsible f**r it
 i by the whole civilized world. This
 District is the common possession ol
 the nation. C mgress has power of
 exclusive legislation over it. Congress,
 therefore, is responsible for its institu
 tions as a man is responsible for the
 condition of his hojse, and the customs
 of his family. The General G ivern
 merit is not responsible for the local
 institutions of Massachusetts or oi
 Mississippi. Each of them has su
 preme control over its own domestic
 concerns. They may honorably dis-
 I charge their debts or repudiate them;
 they may build up institutions of chari
 tv, of learning, and of religion; or
 they may suffer inhumanity and vio
 lence, ignorance and paganism, to
 K prevail; and we, here, cannot help it,
 n and therefore are not responsible for
 it. But it is wholly otherwise with
 regard to the institution? that prevail in
 d this District; their honor, or their in*
 faiuy, attaches to us. We are judged
 by them the world round We of ihe
 i- northern States feel it ai home; we are
 k made to feel it still more deeply
 il abroad. Throughout every nation ir
 t- Europe, it is the common language anc
 the common sentiment, that an institu
 d tion which exists in *me half of the State;
 d of this Union is in flagrant c mtias
 and contradiction to the t.ieorv of oui
 I Government. When we are rcininde&lt;
 of this.—whether in a kindly and ex
 oostulafory manner by our friends, oi
 i in an offensive and taunting one bv oui
 enemies, we of the N »rth can say, a
 least, that we are njt responsible foi
 i t. We can explain why we are n&lt;
 more amenable for the local lawn o
 \rkan*tas or Missouri, than we are f«»i
 1 the Catholic religion in Mexico, or f*»i
 the revolutions in the South America!
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOO IS THE FATHER OF VS ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
republic. This w oar answer. Bui
 they Mi l retort upon us, and say, There
 is one spot for which yon are responsi
 ble,—the District of Colutnhia. Vou
 could abolish slavery there if you
 would; you do not; and therefore the
 •*ia of as cootiuuance is yours, as much
 so as if it existed in New York or
 Massachusetts. Now, I ask southern
 gentlemen how it is consistent with
 j magnanimity and with a frater
 l rial feeling towards the North, for them
 to force the ndium'of this inconsistent
 !cy upon u&lt;? Surely t.iey gain no
 credit, no character by it; we lose
 both credit and character. The ex
 isfence of here is iyi benefit to
 them; it is of i akableicji«ry to us,
 JTftey scaid lose nothing oy *urrender
 mg it; we suffer everything by its con-
 I tinuahee. A change w mld Work them
 no injury; it would be invaluable to
 us. 1 ask them on principles of common
 fairness and g rod neighborhood, that
 they should courteously and voluntarily
 yield us this point, which would allay
 si much bitterness and heart-burning
 at the North, and which, according to
 their views of the matter, would fill
 the South with the sweet savor of a
 generous deed.
 I know, sir, that some southern gen
 tlemen profess to see a principle in
 such a course that debars them from
 adopting it. They say that if slavery!
 in this Di-tiict should be surrendeied,
 it would only be giving the adversary j
 a vantage ground, on which he could
 plant himself to attack slavery in the
 States. I dissent from this view entire
 ly. Has not the gentleman from Ohio,
 (Mr. Giddings,) who is supposed to!
 represent the extreme anti-slavery j
 views which exist in this House, —has
 he not declared here, a hundred times
 over, that he disclaims all rights, that;
 he renounces all legal authority and
 pretext, under the Constitution, to lay
 the hands of this Government, for the!
 purpose of freeing him, on a single j
 slave in the slave States: But clearly j
 the principle is different in regard to J
 slaves in this District, where we pos-!
 scss the power of‘exclusive legislation.’!
 But if gentlemen at the South see a i
 principle which debars them from sur-j
 rendering slavery in this District, we'
 at the North see a principle which:
 prompts us, and will prompt us, until
 the work is accomplished, to renewed:
 exertions. On the same ground t.-n
 which slavery in this District has been
 defended for the last fifty years, it can
 bo defended for the next fifty, or the
 next five hundred years; it can be de
 fended forever. This idea of perpetual
 slavery in the very household of a*re
 nublic of freemen, V nnt ta tol
 erated, and cannot be 'tolerated. “Bpl
 4 will not dwell on this topi* further.
 I close tiiis branch of my argument
 with a propositon which seems to me
 hut fair and equitable. The South has!
 held this metropolis as a slave camtal,
 f»r fifty years. Let it now be held as
 a free capital for fifty years; and if, at
 the end of this period, adequate reasons
 can be shown, before any nation, j
 civilized or uncivilized, upon the face!
 ol tho earth, for restoring it to slavery!
 I for one should have no fears j
 of entering into an engagement upon
 such a condition, that it should again:
 become *a land of Egypt and a house
 of bondage.’
 The remainder of the speech is an argu
 ment on the uncoiisiiuiiiMiality of slavery.!
 Thi« subject Mr. M inn, discuss a with much
 nbilitv in the five following propositions.
 1. Slavery has no legal existence, en-
 LESS BY FORCE OF POSITIVE LAW.
 2. That a man’s legal condition may lie
 ••hanged by a change in this Government over
 hen, while he remains in the same place,
 just as eff&gt;lualiv as it can be changed by Ins
 removal to another place, and putting htmsell
 under another government.
 3. Test the jurisdiction under which the
 inhabitants of what is now the Distiict ol
 Columbia lived, prior to the cession of the
 i District of Maryland to the United Stales,
 i was utterly and totally changed, at the mo
 ment of the cession.—at the moment when,
 according to the provisions of the Conslitu*
 I tion, they ceased to be citizens of the State of
 Maryland, amJ^becamecitizens of tire District
 of Columbia.
 4. NS hat is the legal force and effect upon
 the snbjetc of slavery, of the act of Congress
 of 1801, before cited ‘'That the laws ol the
 Stale ol Maryland, as they now exist, shall
 .be continue.! in force in that part of said
 District which was eeeded by that State to
 the United States"'
 j 5. As Congress can do nothing excepting
 what it is empowered to do by liie Constitu
 tion, and as the Constitution does not etn
 i power it to establish slavery here, [in the
 Distiicij it cannot establish slavery here, itor
 continue it.
 i
 i A portion of his argument on this point
 follows;
 Where is there any express power
 given to Congress by the Constitution
 to establish slavery? Where is the
 article, section, or clause? 1 demand
 to have the title shown. Thousands o(
 human beings are not to be robbed o|
 all their clearest rights; and they and
 their children, forever, by strained
 i constructions, or apocryphal authority,
 1 doomed to bondage. Will those who
 sav that Congress cannot establish a
 banking institution by construction, nor
 aid internal improvements, nor enact a
 I tariff—wdl they say they cun make a
 mart a slave, and all his posterity slaves,
 by obstruction?
 N&lt;*r can any power to establish sla
 i J very be deduced from the 18th clause
 of the Blh section of the hst article ot
 j the Constitution, which gives Congress
 1 i power **lo make all which shall be
 necessary and proper f*r carrying into
 execution’* the powers that are granted.
 What power is granted to Congress,
 f&gt;r the exercise of which, the estabiish
 •l ment of slavery to this District is a
 nqces«fry means or peHimmary? C«m
 -r g*ess has power to lay,and collect tax
 et; to borrow money; to regulate co:n
 *j mere*; to establish uniform rules of
 i| naturalization; to c &lt;rtn money; to pun-
ROCHESTER. N. Y., FRIDAY, MAY 25, 1849.
i4i counterfeiters, Jo establish post
 j offices and post roads: to promote the
 progress of science and the aits; to
 e-tabli*h court-*; to define and punish
 piracies on the h*gh seas; to declare
 war, to raise and support armies; to
 provide and maintain a navy; to organ
 j ize and maintain a militia; and so forth,
 and so forth But to what one of all
 these powers, is the power to establish,
 slavery in the District of Columbia a
 necessary incident? If slavery in the
 District of Columbia were to cease to
 day, could not the Government continue*
 1 1« exercise every function which it ha» I
 heretofore exeycised. If so, then the 1
 j existence of slavery |p this District isj
 not ‘necessary to tweexrrciwflf am j
 jof the expressly granted powers. I,
 I cal) upon any gentleman to name any
 one power of this Government which
 cannot be exercised, which must ne
 cessarily cease, if slavery should cease
 to be. in this District of Columbia? “I
 must pause for a reply.”
 Well, then, if a power to establish
 i slavery in this District is not among
 the granted powers, and if it is nor
 necessary for the exercise of any of
 the granted powers, then it its nowhere,
 —it does not exist at all. No power
 of Congress, then, exists, either for
 the creation or for the continuance of
 slavery in this District: and all '.he
 legislation of Congress upon this sub
 ject is beyond or against the Constitu
 tion.
 Let me illustrate this in another
 way. Suppose thtre had hei n a re
 ligious establishment in Maryland at
 thetiirifcof the cesssion; suppose, under
 the auspices of Lord Baltimore, the
 Catholic religion had been established
 as the religion of the State; and that,
 in order to punish heresy and secure
 conformity to the religion of the State,
 an inquisition had been founded, and
 that the seat of* that inquisition had
 been within the limits of the District ot
 Columbia, at the time of the cession:
 could Congress, in the absence of all
 express or implied authority on the
 subject of establishing a State religion,
 have upheld the Catholic religion here,
 and appointed the officers of the in
 quisition to administer it? The idea is
 abhorrent to the whole spirit of the
 Constitution. But Congress had as
 much power to establish a national
 religion here, in the absence of ail ex
 press or implied authority to do so, as
 to establish slavery here.
 Congress, then, does not and can
 not legalize slavery in this District. It
 found slavery in existence in the States;
 and it does not abolish it, or interfere
 with it, becausd 4 has no' pbwer of
 J T*ctir*tve -tegtsTjtiftir* itrthem. Bui
 Gongresp has as much fight to go into
 any. State ajid abolish slavery thtfre, as
 any Stale, even Virginia or Maryland,
 has to come into this District- with its
 laws and establish slavery here. I sup
 pose that no jurist will contend that
 Congress could have passed the act of
 1793, for the recapture of fugitive
 slaves, had it not been for the third
 clause in the second section of the
 fourth article of the Constitution, which
 provides for the redelivery of a fugi
 tive slave, on the claim of his master.
 Bv this article in the Constitution, the
 case of fugitive slaves only is provided
 for. If a master voluntarily carries
 his slave into a free State, and the
 slave departs from his possession, he
 cannot reclaim him. Why not? Why
 cannot Congress pass a law 1 that if a
 man takes a dozen slaves to Boston,
 and they there see fit to strike for
 wages, and to leave his possession be
 cause their terms are not complied
 with, —why is it, I ask, that Congress
 cannot pass a law' authorizing their
 seizure and delivery into the master’s
 hands? Tbo reason is, that *the Con
 stitution ha 3 conferred upon Congress
 no such express power, nor is any such
 power implied as being necessary to
 the exercise of any power that is ex
 pressed. And if Congress cannot so
 much as restore a slave to a master.
 1 who has voluntarily carried him into
 j a free State, how can it continue slave
 ry in this District, alter Maryland has
 ‘ceded it to this Government, whose
 fundamental, organic law gives it no
 power to create or continue slavery
 here?
 Suppose Maryland had ceded her
 share of the District to Massachusetts,
 would not every .slave in it have been
 instantaneously free by the Constitu
 tion of Massachusetts? They would
 have been transferred to a tree juris
 diction, —just as much as an individual
 owner of a slave passes under a tree
 jurisdiction, when he voluntarily takes
 his slave to the North. The legal ex
 istence of slavery was annulled in this
 District, when Congress exercised its
 “exclusive” power over it, just as
 much as the debtor’s right to be dis
 charged under the Maryland bank
 rupt law was annulled.
 But Igo further than this; and I say
 that the Constitution not only does not
 empower Congress to establish or con
 tinue slavery in this District, but again
 and again, by the strongest implies*
 l tions possib'e, it prohibits the exercise
 of such a.power. _
 1 Frow the Om*km Chmm.
 fugitive* from slavery.
 We had the pleasure, a few eveo
 ings since, of listening to the interest
 r imr recital of the escape of two Georgia
 Slaves, William and Mary Crmiia, from
 rith« prwo. Tbej
 i were mao and wiR ow “*d by dif
 1 ferent wastervlhe/ knew n »l hiw soon
 tire hour oftbJNeparaiioo might come.
 j They saw in the workings of that abom
 i inabie system which had degraded them
 to the level of brute*, though possessed
 of intelligence equal, if not superior,
 in those wh claimed the ownership ol
 r their bod es, by what a frail and oncer
 -1 tain teaura they held that dearest of all
r relationship*, that of husband and wife;
 and the agony of the thought that cu
 pidit| or luat might divide them froti.
 each other at a moment's notice, gar*
 them the resolution to peril all, in on*
 bold endeavor to secure the precious
 boon of freedom It was an enterprise
 fraught with dangers and difficulties,
 front its commencement to its close. But
 that intuitive perception of the blessings
 of a condition of freedom, which no
 tyranny or degradation can eradicate
 from the human soul, gave them the
 courage of heart and keenness of wi»
 that enabled them to overcome all, and
 plant their feet upon the soil of Massa
 chusetts. It was a cold, wet. tempesto
 •his night on which they stood there in
 the City Hall of Worcester, such a
 night as people love not to go abroad
 in; but yet, that spacious room was
 filled; filled, too, with a sympathizing
 audience, who manifested in their looks,
 and frequent bursts of rapturous a|»-
 plause, how deeply they were moved
 bv the simple tale of that unlearned
 slave; how heartily they rejoiced in the
 success of his endeavors, and how
 gladly they welcomed him and the part
 ner of his lot to such freedom as the
 public sentiment of Massachusetts, not
 its laws, can secure to them.
 Should we say that we did not parti
 cipate in the general joy that pervaded
 that audience, we should assert what
 was untrue; but there were sentiments
 and feelings connected with the hour,
 that filled our mind with saddening
 thoughts, and gave a deeper serious
 ness to our reflections. While we rc
 j joiced over these two, who had so far
 escaped, we could not forget the three
 millions more like then), still clanking
 their chains and wasting their lives un
 der the tyranny of the torturing lash of
 the plantation overseer. We thought
 of the haracoons of our southern cities,
 towards which, eveu then, though it
 was the Sabbath, the worn and jaded
 slave coffles were wending their toil
 some way from the northernmost slave
 States, to supply the spr ng demand'’
 •if the cotton planters of Carolina and
 Georgia, and the sugar growers of;
 Louisiana and Texas. In our mind’s]
 eye, we beheld the revolting and dia
 bolical scenes of the auction stand,
 where God’s image is profanely exposed
 with the cattle of the field, the fowls ol
 the air and the fish of the sea, and
 knocked off to the highest bidder. We
 saw h«»w t beneath the very droppings
 of Christ’s sanctuaries, men’s eye*
 were blinded by the glittering sheen of
 the almighty dollar, so that they might j
 these su flying* ones for whom■
 Wdi*di hi— Ihsu wrw we»g it.!
 so that tjfey could not hear their cries
 for succor; how their tongues* wertr
 paralized by a slavish fear, so that ffiey
 dared not even lift up their voices in
 their behalf, in prayer to God, who
 hath said in his law, ,c ßob not the
 poor because he is poor, neither op
 press the afflicted in thy gate: for the
 Lord will plead their cause, and spoil
 the soul that spoileth them.”
From the Louisville Examiner
 THE SOUTH.
 Turn to your map, reader, and look j
 over the South, and see what a country!
 it is—how large, how full of resources,
 how capable by sea and land of reach* j
 ing any point of greatness, and then
 ask what she was, what she is and what j
 she will be?
 What she was!
 In earlier times, the South was the j
 favored land. Immigration poured into.
 it. The intelligent and noble of Eu-j
 rope heard chiefly of it, and into its bo
 som they poured their wealth, and
 came to repose. The despised only
 sought the wild New England shore.
 It was the home of the ‘bigot;’ of those
 who were called in scorn, Puritans; ot
 literally the despised of the earth. Now
 shut the book*of history, and tell us
 which portion, the North or South, is to
 grow most rapidly hich yield
 greater wealth, greater intellligence?
 Which do most for the world and hu
 manity? Alas the slave tills the soil ot
 the South. His baleful presence des-.|
 cerates it; and it lags tar behind the
 North in every element of permanent
 growth and power!
 Would you have proof? See it in
 the war ot the Revolution.
 The South was as brave as the
 North. The South was as ready to
 make sacrifices as the North. But the
 means were wanting; the meu; the
 power to do. See the effect, according
 to the census of 1700.
 Pofwtation.
 Slave States and territories. .951,372
 New England, 1,099,83*2
 The slave States furnished, during
 the Revolutionary war—(nine years)
 59,335 soldiers f»r the continental ar
 my; New England, 119,355!! Why
 this difference? 1* is told in the fact,
 that the South had 674,5*27 slaves; the
 Noith 3,887.
 If there be any characteristic of the
 South, it is her capability for foreign
 trade by sea. Look at Virginia.
 What harbors and bays!—The great
 Washington thought Norfolk would be
 the commercial emporium of the world.
 But what b the foreign traffic of the
 South She owns no ships. Northern
 capital builds; Northern enterprise
 mans them. She does not do her own
 foreign business Northern men chiefly
 transact it. Mark the consequence.
 Eight of the Atlantic States have no
 slaves. Io 1816, they bad 2,160,601
 tons of shipping; the sen-hoard slave
 Stales only 401,583! Why, even Ohio,
 fifteen hundred miles from the ocean
 hr water, had 39,633? Virginia 53,440;
 New York 572.522!! In other w»rd&gt;
 New York has seventy thousand nine
 1 hundred and nine tons mom than mil tb«
 slave States! Is this accident? Is i
ration of means or enterprise No, it
 is neither! It ia slavery—and slaver)
 alone.
 i But go one step further and consider
 internal improvements.
 This tests progress. Show us a peo
 t pie with good mads, compact and pop
 ulous neighborhoods, ample means ol
 I inter-communication, and are will shorn
 you a people prosperous, thriving, with
 snug cherrful homes, and school
 houses, nnd churches everywhere.
 Where is the State in the South that
 t will compare with Ohio in this respect:
 I W here a the slave State that has pub
 lic works that will begin to compart
 with iW public ewlntrt' Massurehusetts 1
 i or New Vork? Let the test be made l
 by railroads. In 181(5, the South had,
 2090 miles; the cost $43,910,183
 The North that year had 3,553 miles; j
 cost $212,914,405. Then ssk where j
 the capital came from to build these i
 Southern mads? Who built them?;
 What is their real worth It is assert- j
 ed that all the railroads of the South
 are worth $27,717,835; those of .Mas-;
 l sachusetts alone will command &gt;30,311, j
 j 444. But more yet, compare the popu
 lation of the North, and the effects j
 which public improvements have made
 upon the population of the North, aridi
 the effect which public improvements!
 I have made upon the population of each: 1
 the mode of living among the many 01,
 j both; their educational condition: their;
 general intelligence; their every-da)
 comforts; their actual condition. Alas!;
 ,if this comparison were made, the;
 Southern side of the picture would he
 dreary and discouraging enough, and
 not a Southern man who would not feel
 bound to labor for its change. Whv
 not see it then? Why not labor for its,
 change? Slavery, yea, slavery! is the I
 beginning, the middle, and the end, ol
 all our ills, of all our woe! Rid us ofj
 that, and the South will bound up like
 a strong man after a refreshing sleep.
 Shall we multiply examples?
 We need not. fet we cannot help
 pointing out a few more facts. Look
 at Massachusetts. In one day, ye.-M
 in less than one day, you may go to al- i
 most any point within the entire State.
 The morning after the election, the re-! 1
 turns are ail given in the Boston pa-it
 pers. How is it in Kentucky Away 1 1
 from our water courses and leading
 roads, what means of communi- t
 cation have we? What opportuni-jt
 ties to spread information? Wbaf! t
 means to diffuse or concentrate thought] i
 —to gather the will of our people into
 one united expression, and tomake it!
 kuowsi and felt throughout ib* land?!'
 Hi Tt 1
 not learn the full r&amp;sulfot Vituwmj I
 for jhree weeks after the day it was j 1
 held. W e cannot get the official re-1
 turns for a* longe’r p.criod. But look
 again at the meansof happines and in- i
 dusti ial resource which the facilities
 Massachusetts enjoys give her. The
 traveller goes there for pleasure.—Tne i
 capitalist lives there for gain. The la- i
 borer makes it his home because he is t
 respected and can educate his children,
 and be educated himself. What of all
 these facilities, all these inducements i
 hare we? What answer can we make, i
 but i hat we have failed or been unable i
 to develope our vast resources, simply I
 because we hug slavery to our bosoms, s
 and say ‘nobody shall disturb it—if is i
 ours, and we will have it.’ i
 But is that the resolve of Kentucky? i
 We will not believe it. Her good inen i
 say rather, ‘it is a curse; it eats up our
 substance; destroys our prosperity; l
 mars our progress; diminishes our so-
 cial, moral, and political power* and 1
 we will endure it no longer; it must: I
 and shall be removed—we will no long- j I
 er tolerate an institution so pregnant
 with, evil to ourselves and our pos-; I
 terity.’ 1 1
CONFESSIONS of MISS M A RTINKAI7.
 It must ever be carefully remem
 bered that fear often puts on the ap-j
 pearance of apathy,—-especially in aj
 proud child. Xo creature is so intense
 ly reserved as a proud timid child, and!
 cases are few in which the parents know.
 any thing of the agonies of its little
 heart, the spasms of its nerves, the
 sickness of its days, the horror of its
 nights. It hides its miseries under an
 appearance of indifference or obstinacy,
 till its habitual terror impairs its health,;
 or drives into a temper of defiance
 and recklessness, i can speak with i
 some certainty of t is, from my expe
 rience. 1 was as timid a child as ever
 was born; yet nobody knew or could
 know the extent of this timidity, for
 though abundantly open about every-'
 thing else, I was as secret as the grave
 about this. 1 had a dream at ten years j
 old which troubled me to such an ex-
 cess that I cannot recall it without a
 beating of the heart. 1 could not look
 up at the sky on a clear night, for I felt!
 as if it was only just above the tree topi
 and most crush me. 1 could not cross
 the yard excepting at a ran, from a sort
 of feeling, with a real belief, that a
 bear was after me. The horrors of my
 nights were inexpressible. The main
 terror however, was a magic lantern
 which we were treated with once a!
 year, aadwometimes twice. We used
 to talk of this exhibition as a prodigious j
 pleasure, and I contrived to reckon it
 as auch, but I never saw the white doth!
 with its circle of yellow light, without
 bring in a cold perspiration from head
 to foot. One of the pictures cm the
 slides wee always soppremed by toy
 father, lest it should frighten the little
 ones, a dragon’s head vomiting fames.
 He little thought that a girl of thirteen
 could be terrified by this, hut when I
 was thirteen—old enough to be put in
 charge of soon of the children who!
 to see the magic lantern,—this
 slide was exhibited by one of it v broth
 ers among the rest. 1 had found if bard
t»ICK.
WHOLE ,N 0. 74.
enough to look and laugh ho fore, hot
 now 1 turned so faint that I could not
 -*tand but by grasping a chair. But
 f«r the intensity of my shame I should
 have dropped. Much of the benefit of
 instruction was lost to me during all the
 years that I had masters. My memory
 failed me when they knocked at the
 door, and f could never ask a question,
 !or get a voice to make a remark. 1
 never could play to my rou.-ic maaler,
 or «ing with a clear voice, but when I
 was sure nobody could hr nr me Uo
 der all this, my health was had. my be
 i havior was dogged and provoking, and
 my temper became for a time insurer
 able, its improvement began from the
 I year when I first obtained some release
 from habitual fear During the criti
 cal years I misled everybody about me
 by a habit of concealment on tbia one
 subject which 1 am sure I should not
 have strength for, under any induce
 ment whatever Because 1 climbed
 our apple tree, and rau along on top of
 a high wall, and took great leaps, and
 was easily won by benevolent stran
 gers. and because I was never known
 lo bint or i-wn myself afraid, no one
 suspected that fear was at the bottom
 of the immovable indifference, and ap
 parently unfeeling obstinacy by which
 I perplexed and annoyed every one
 about me. I make these confessions
 willingly, in the hope that some inexpe
 rienced or busy parent may be awak
 ened by them to observe whether *he
 seeming apathy of a child be really
 from moifTerencc, or the outward
 working of some hidden passion of fear.
 Household Education.
THE POETRY OF SCIENCE.
 The London Examiner, noticing Mr.
 Hunt’s recent publication, the Poetry
 of Science,” glances at some of the
 recent marvels of fact which have ta
 ken the place, in the popular mind, of
 the ancient marvels in the imaginations
 of men
 Science,” it says, has gone down
 into the mines and coal pits, and before
 the safety-lamp the Gnomes and Genii
 of those dark regions have disappear
 ed. But, in their stead, the process by
 which metals are engendered in the
 course of ages; the growth of plants
 which, hundreds of fathoms tinder
 ground, and in black darkness, have
 still a sense of the sun’s presence in
 the sky, and derived some portion of
 the subtle esaence-of their life from hia
 influence; -the histories of mighty for
 ests and great tracts of land carried
 down into the sea, by the same process
 familiar to us. Sirens* mermaids, shi
 ning-cities glittering at the hottQjgji of
 the quiet seas, and in deep lakes, exist
 no longer; but, in their p’ace, science,
 their destroyer, shows ’us whole coasts
 of coral reef constructed by the labors
 of minute creatures; points to our own
 chalk cliffs and limestone rocks, as
 made of the dust of myriads of genera
 tions of infinitesimal beings that have
 passed away; reduces the very element
 of water into its constituent airs, and
 re-creates it at her pleasure. Caverns
 in rocks, choked with rich treasure,
 shut up from all but the enchanted
 hand, soience has blown to atoms, as
 she can rend and rivet the rocks them
 selves; but in those rocks she has found
 and read aloud, the great stone book
 which is the history of the earth, even
 when darkness sat upon the face of the
 deep. Along their sides she has traced
 the foot-prints of birds and beasts,
 whose shapes were never seen by man.
 From within them she has brought the
 bom and placed together the skele
 tons of monsters that would have crush
 ed the noted dragons of the fables at a
 blow. The stars that stud the firma
 ment by night are watched no more
 from lonely towers by enthusiasts or
 imposters, believing, or feigning to be
 lieve, those great worlds to be charged
 with the small destinies of individual
 men down here; but two astronomers,
 far apart, each looking from his solita
 ry study up*into the sky, .observe, in a
 known star, a trembling which fote
 warns them of the coming of some un
 know K body through the realms of
 space, whose attraction at a certain
 period of its mighty journey, cause*
 that disturbance. In due time it comes
 and.passes out of the disturbing path,
 the old star shines at peace again; and
 the new one, ever more associated with
 i the honored names of Le Verrier and
 Adams, is called Neptune! The astrol
 oger has faded out of the castle turret
 room, (winchoverlooks a railroad now,)
 and forebodes no longer that because
 the light of yonder planet is diminish
 ing. my lord will shortly die; but the
 professor of an exact science has arisen
 lin his stead, to prove that a ray of ligbt
 must occupy a period of stg years in
 traveling to the earth from the nearest
 of the fixed stars; and that if one of the
 remote fixed start were “blotted out of
 heaven” to-day, several generations of
 the mortal inhabit ants of this earth
 must perish out of time, before the (act
 of its obliteration could be known to
 man!”
Irish WIT AMP o^i.i.asTßV.— On Sat*
 arday when our street* were a perfect
 glare of icc, a lad/ pedestrian Jo*t her
 balance and fcjl, A* we attned to as*
 l»er, we encountered a genuine mm
 of the Green Isle, who on assisting to
 raise the Udy, exclaimed, “Faith %er
 nsnst bo a lovely good lady for dost
 the Blessed Book ta«*he ua that it
 the wicked that stand on tlipMrv
 places. M —lndiana StnHntl.
Tueac are two sets of me* «the
 worfd,—those who are before the ace
 «od those who are bdMad it. f#-
 mer ire wiser than theta ronton urn a
 ri#.; the latter florjr i a bemg
 •mi than their great gr«a44Mlwn,
"
