"Notices.
 *&gt;w Elgin* A«ll-Slavf r\
 x (nreiiUi.
 The annual meeting of this Convention will,
 he held m Boston, on May
 and will probably continue in session, as
 usual, the two following days- TV wide
 reputation of this Contention as the most
 interesting ami enthusiastic of all the anti*}
 slavery gatherings held in the country during,
 the year—the solemn and heaven-attested
 pledges of the friends of those who are yet
 pining in bondage—the critical state ot our
 cause, in regard to the establishment of slave
 ry on the aotl of California and New Mexico,
 and to the Southern design of securing the
 annexation of Cuba to the l mted States—
 the remembrances of the strengthening inter
 views obtained at previous meetings, and live
 powerful impetus given to the car of free
 dom by each anniversary successively—and
 the importance of making ‘a abort work in
 righteousness' of the terrible slave system,
 by effecting the ovetthrow of its governmental
 bulwark, the American I’ninn—should, and
 undoubtedly will, bring together a crowded
 •uditory, animated by a zeal that never tires,
 a vigilance that never slumbers, and a spirit
 of heroism that never turns from ihe conflict.
 Abolit'.omsts in every part of the land we
 invite you to be with us on an occasion so
 inspiring, in the name of three millions of
 slaves and their posterity.
 In behalf of the Massachusetts Anti-Slave
 iy Society.
 FRANCIS JACKSON, PnuJmf.
 Rdmund Qiincv, Srerr/ary.
Anti-Slavery Meeting at Bristol, E«g
 land.
 On Friday evening, January 19, there was
 a crowded meeting at the Public Rooms,
 II road mead, to hear some statements in refer
 ence to the Brazil and Cuban Slave-trade,
 from Mr. Scoble, Secretary to the “British
 and Foreign Ami-Slavery Society Mr. J.
 B. Estlin was called to the chair, who intro-j
 duced Mr. Scoble to the meeting, and stated'
 that he hoped the large audience there assem
 bled. w hatever might be the phase of slavery
 about to be presented to them, would never
 for a moment lose sight of the anti-slave
 ry principle, —thui one human being has wo
 nght to steal another from the moment of his
 forth, nor to steal from him, during Ins life,!
 the hard earned w r ages of his labor. What
 ever they might hear from Americans aliout
 the laws of their country allowing and regulat
 ing slavery, &amp;e., &amp;c., let them repel such
 sophistry bv asserting the inherent freedom of:
 inan.
 Mr. Scoble then addressed the meeting for
 an hour and a half, and was listened to with
 unbroken attention; a ihrill of horror occa
 sionally running through the audience as he
 described the unparalleled sufferings of the
 slaves on their passage from Africa to Cuba
 and Brazil, lie desired io slate that the so- 1
 ciety he represented took no part in the con-!
 troversy as to free trade or monopoly: it was!
 the rights of the slave that they advocated. He j
 then referred to the enormous increase of the
 slave trade, in spite of all efforts to suppress it,.
 and dwelt upon the frightful ciuellies perpe
 trated upon the unhappy Africans. So ineffi
 cient was the enormous exj»ei)diiure of
 money, and of the lives of our seamen io
 watching the coast of Africa, that for every
 four slaves ljl»erated by the armed squadron,
 one Hundred were SRCttYeu rry nu~
 era. So profitable was the trade, that if only
 one cargo of slaves out of five reached its des
 tination, the speculation was richly remunera
 tive. Since the reduction of the duty on for
 eign sugar, the slave trade had received an
 immense stimulus; the number of slavo ves
 sels was doubled, ami uur cruisers caught on
 ly one out of every hundred. Some years a-:
 go, the English government entered into treat- J
 ies with Spain and Portugal for the abolition
 of slavery in their qolonies, and paid a con
 siderable sum of money to both those nations
 as the terms of their compliance with the con
 dition of the bargain. Subsequently, on the
 separation of Brazil from Portugal, a fresh
 treaty was made with the new Brazilian gov
 ernment of a similar character. But none of
 these countries have fulfilled their engage
 ments, and unfortunately the British govern
 ment has never insisted upon the performance
 of the stipulations. Lord Palmerston did not
 seem unfavourable to their enforcement; hut
 laird Aberdeen, when he came into office,
 consented that the execution of the treaties
 should be suspended. The tart is, that at the
 present moment treaties exist, which, if hon
 estly and hououiahly carried out, would give
 freedom to every slave ilicitly imported into
 Cuba since 1820, and to all brought tu the
 Brazils since 1820! Mr. Scoble did not pro
 pose by force of arms to cnm|&gt;el these slave- 1
 holding countries to keep faith with us, Out;
 that we should refuse to buy their produce, or!
 have any commercial intercourse with them,
 until they fulfilled their agreement. The
 probable cousequence of this course would he.
 that the planters of Cuba ami Brazil would
 |ietitiou for the aliolition of slavery io ordei to
 obtain a te-entrance into our inakets.
 At the conclusion of Mr. Scoble's speech,
 the Chaiiman thought it w'ell to make it clear
 to the large assembly, among whom their
 might lie some who had not paid much atten
 tion to the subject, that Mr. Scoble’s rentalko
 had no reference to Anuricun Slavery, ol j
 which they had been accustomed to tfcur so
 much from Frederick Douglass and others in
 that building. None ofthe Slaves stolen from
 Africa found their way to the United States.
 That nation (ludicrous as it must appear) ac
 tually assisted with their ships the English
 and French fleets on the coast of Africa to put
 an end to the slave-trade! Her own slave
 trade (America) had the exclusive honor ot
 protecting for herself wiihout foreign aid.
 Not only were her army and navy engaged m
 his service, but her legislating and her
 (Jturchis were called to its support. While
 exerting herself to put dow n the ciuel traffic
 in Slaves by the inhabitants of Cuba and Bra
 zil, she cherished at home an institution that
 kept three millions of her ow n citizens in ab
 ject slavery, and was guilty ofcruelties in the
 carrying on her internal Slave-trade, not far
 short ot those endured by the native Africans
 on their middle passage upon the ocean. He
 considered the evil now denounced by Mr.
 Scoble as almost iriding when comparer! to
 American Slavery If the Americans would
 abolish Slavery tu their own couuiry they
 would take good care thsi Cuba and Brazil
 should do the same. Still, it was our duty to
 labor io every direction to put down this terri
 bls crime against tiud and man; and if the
 i proceedings of this evening had n&lt;&gt; direct U ar
 -1 ing upon American Slavery they might i.ev
 ertbeleM be useful in keeping up our own in
 terest in this call of duty, aud by showing »he
 Americans that wc shall maintain an ui.com
 promising hostility to Slavery until us utter
 extinction throughout the civilised world
 'l’he Rev. Mi. Maclean, seconded by ihc
 Rev. Mi. Wood,proposed a resolution embod v-1
 ing some of Mr. Scoble’s statements, und
 suggesting a petition to thel louse oft ominous
 to request the liovernjoent to enforce the exe
 cution of the standing treaties w ith t üba and
 the Brazils, under the penalty of exclusion of
 their productions from our markets.
 The resolution was passed unanimously,
 and the thanks of the meeting aecordgd to
 Mr. Scoble.
TbiTidc (,'HiiiCiM). —No wkete io oui
 nation, not even in lb* South, have the notn
 &lt;nally free colored people been treated with
 more unrelenting injustice and cruelty than in
 the Northwestern Sutea. A large proportion
of their wb&amp;e population being etther from
 the slave region* where they have been te
 customed to look upon the colored man as
 slew* and to lord it over him without restraint,
 or hating imbibed their prejodieics from asso
 ciation with Mich, it is not strange that their
 legislation and customs should exhibit the
 spun of slavery in all it* hateful inhumanity. I
 We regard tjveir barbarous black laws as the j
 direct a txk natural off shoot froni Slaverv. and j
 do not wonder that the slate jmrty South and j
 North hare lient their energies i« perpetuate j
 them, knowing as they do that slavery cannot
 long survive the acknowledgment of the ne
 gro's manhood and hts rights at the North.
 But thanks to the power &lt;4 Troth, the dark
 code is passing away, lu repeal in Ohio has
 already been a subject of icjoknng among the
 lovers of progress and freedom, and we now
 have the plaasute of marking the lieginnmg of
 a similar movement in lowa. Heretofore the
 colored people of low a have been used to
 support common schools, (rum all the privi
 leges of which they were debarred- This law
 has been repealed, and their money is no long
 er to be plundered from them to educate white
 children to despise them for their ignorance;
 though they are still deprived of the benefit*
 of the public schools, sod have no eocourag
 tnenU extended to them to improve themselves
 by education. This act of progress is trulv a
 little matter, compared to what is still left un
 done, but it marks the changing nt the tide of
 public prejudice, which till lately has been
 rising higher and higher, and accumulating
 injustice and oppression upon this powerless
 people. The current once turned, and a
 course of justice begun, we may hope lor it to
 go on with accelerating speed, till the full and
 equal brotherhood of these long injured and
 outcast men is acknowledged. The hatred
 which shuts tfie colored mao from the motives
 and opportunity of improvement, is as foolish
 as it is wicked It is storing retribution for
 itself. It is making into a pest, a perpetual
 foe, or grievous burden to society, men who
 might be trained to virtue, and honor, and in
 telligence. It is a self-punishment which the
 wrong deserves, and will ever receive, till a
 wiser and better sentiment restores to the vic
 tims of our oppression their lull manhood.—
 Pennsylvania Freeman.
Admission. —Mr. Hilliard, of Alabama, in j
 llie course of a speech made by him in the j
 House (if Representatives, remarked:
 “Mr. Chairman 1 am about to make a state
 ment which inay be thought to have the
 demerit of too much frankness. I shall make
 it m all candor. Theie is a domestic institu-
 lion in the South which in some sort isolates
 us from all mankind. The civilized world is
 against us. 1 know it. I comprehend it; 1
 feel it. A sentiment which took its birth in
 England, which has since spread over the
 continent -of Europe, w hich now covers a
 large proportion of our own country —a senti
 ment, gathering strength with every advanc
 ing year, threatens to overwhelm us. Ihe
 tide has been rising higher and higher, until j
 sir, we begin to feel the spray breaking over;
 the embankments which surround us. Our
 moral condition at the south resembles the
 physical condition of Holland, where dykes,
 thrown up by the ingenuity of men, Imrdly
 protect the habitations of man against the
 incursions of the sea. If the south were in j
 a commanding position, 1 would be willing to
 concede much; but because of her very
 weakness, I shall stand by her to the last.
 My eyes first beheld the light there, and
 there my eyes shall close upon it. I was
 nurtured in the bosom of the south, and I wish
 to rest in her bosom when this consciousness
 is at an end, and this form is wasting in the
 dust. No change of circumstances, no
 overwhelming power arrayed against her, no
 decline of her fortunes, can induce me, for
 one, to forget or forsake her.
 Holding the opinions that I do—represent
 ing a people thus invested by the civilized
 wink)—l cauuol consent, for one smgle ino
 ment, i*. abandon any part of their mtirut.
 Before 1 consent, Ky any act or vote of mine',
 to surrender our "Wo „f the rights
 or the honor of U&gt;v »ne south •tny
 right hand shall forget us cuming, and my
 longue shall cleave to the roof of ruy mouth.”
Thk Pearl Trials. —The Washington
 correspondent of the Evening Post gives the
 following inhumation of the state trials for
 abducting slaves from the District last
 year
 Law, justice and common sense have
 achieved one signal victory over Judge
 Crawfotd, the presiding Judge of the criminal
 court qf this District. The Judge was ap
 pointed by Mr. Polk, and being a Northern
 man by birth, though long a resident and
 office-holder here, he has seemed to think it
 incumbent on him to show himself a worthy
 i representative of his patron's principles.
 As is usual in such cases, lie over-acts bis
 part. I gave your readers some instaucs of
 j this disposition on the pait of his honor,
 1 during the interesting trial, last summer, of
 j the persons charged with the abduction of
 I slaves on board the schooner Pearl His
 Honor’s rulings and decisions were promptly
 overrruled in the Couit above’, and a new trial
 j ordered on the old indictment. The first
 prisoner, Drayton, put on his second trial,
 j has l&gt;een acquitted. He is now undeigoing
 trial upon other counts of the same indict
 ment, not tried before.
 The District Attorney, Key, has taken the
 sensible precaution to associate with himself
 Walter Jones, Esq., reputed lobe the most
 learned laivyer in the District. The prisoners
 are defended with zeal, eloquence and ability,
 by Hon. Horace Mann of Massachusetts,
 and J. M. Carlisle, Esq. of this place.
 Slavic Abduction Prevented. —The
 Richmond (Va.) Enquirer publishes an ac
 count of an attempt to escape which occurred a*
 that place last week, the main points of which
 are condensed as follows:
 Much excitement was produced yesterday
 by a strange incident at the Depot of the
 Richmond and Potomac Rail-road Company.
 A negro dravman carried to the office of
 Adams Co.’s Express two large square
 Uixes, addressed lo “P. Williamson, No.—
 Buttonwood street, Philadelphia.” On be
 ing interrogated as to whence they came, the
 negro showed some confusion. Still the
 boxes were placed on the Express wagon and
 transported to the cars. As the driver of
 the w’agou turned one of the boxes over rath
 er roughly, he heard a sort of grunt, which
 proceeded from it. Suspicon was aroused,
 the boxes opened, and each one was found to
 contain a stout negro, carefully folded up,
 w ith a small quantity of bread and a bladder
 of water, and one of them with a fan— a
 useful article in his warm situation. On ex
 amining the boxes a large auger hole was
 observed in each hox. partially concealed by a
 stout rope-knot, which could be withdrawn
 while in the cars, and allow the entrance of
 air. The negroes, we hear, belonged, one
 to Mrs. C. Christian, of New Kent, the
 oilier to Mr. Govan's estate, and were em
 ployed as waiters, one at the Washington and
 the other at the Columbia Hotel.
 Their story is, that they had been prepared
 for transportation by Mr, S. A. Smith, who
 keeps a small shoe store on Broad street, in
 Mr. James Lyon's new buildings, ami that
 they had paid him well (some of $6O each)
 ioi the job. Smith w as present at the open
 ing of the boxes, and immediately went up
 •be street and took the Northern cars as they
 passed. 'l*his fact being made known, after
 Uie cars had departed, a telegraphic despatch
 w as sent to Fredericksburg to arrest him
 there. The negro drayman represents that
 touh directed him to state at the Express
 ofltc** that the boxes were from the Armory.
 Canada am&gt; Annexation.— We commend
 the following extract from a reported sneech ol
 Sir Allan McNab. in the Provincial Home
 of Assembly, on Saturday lest, to the alien- i
 lion ol our readers. The subject of
 was an address to the Government. Sir 1
 Allan is ooe of the lenders of the British 1
 party whom some uke to be in foot of i
Annexation to the United State*. What
 good ground time is for ant mqkxm,
 read and nidge
 Sir Allan MrNak, treated with the meal
 profound contempt the idea that had been
 industriously circulated throughout thiaooenry.
 of annexation to thu United States. (Luod
 cheering.) He warn prepared to by down
 bis life on the arafiMd, or oa the field, to
 maintain the connection with Great Britain.
 (Loud cheers from both parties) Mr. Not man
 —how about the Hami)u« Spectator T The
 Hamilton Spectator? What had he to da
 with the Hamilton Spectator l (Ironical
 cries of “hear* hear!” The articles on an
 nexation in the Spectator emanated from a
 titan who entertained the same opt moos as the
 honorable member himself. d)id any honora
 ble member mean to say that he (Sir Allan)
 adopted the opinion of any roan who wrote w
 the Hamilton Spectator in favor of annexa
 tion 1
 Had not the same opinions been advanced
 in the Journal and Express, and other papers
 throughout the Province l But be would
 state publicly and before the country, that be
 had no community of feeling with the men
 who entertained those opinions. (Cheers.)
 The whole course of bis life showed his at
 tachment to British connection, (cheers)
 and he was prepared at all times and in every
 place, to unite with every good man »n put
 ting down such opinions, and defending our
 connection with the Mother Country.
 (Cheers).”
 Still another prominent majority member,
 well known in these States, thus defined his
 position on annexation:
 “Dr. Nelson contended that the whole of
 the rural population was well pleased with
 the Ministry, and would sustain it. He con
 demned all ideas of annexation, and though
 he had lived in the United State*, and enter
 tained tlie very highest respect for the people
 there, he would consider it a great misfortune
 for Canada to join them.”
 Now, this does not indicate that strong
 irrepressible hankering after annexation which
 certain presses, on this side of the border
 tell us, is abroad.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MAY 2 5'184P
What flood baa the Free Soil More*
 meat, done?
 The “North” Star in common with many
 oiher Antislavery Journals, gave to this move
 ineut at its commencement an earnest word
 of encouragement. It was regarded as a
 hopeful movement, containing within itself
 the elements of progress. The Grand Na
 tional Convention held at Buffalo, indicated a
 I vigorous vitality in ihe movement “deeper,
 sterner, and stronger,” then what appeared
 upon the surface of its written proceedings.
 It however challenged favor more on account
 of what it might become, than what it was at
 i that lime. Its shortcomings at the com
 mencement, were set down to the newly
 awakened state of the moral sense of those
 who gave “form and presence” to the move
 ment. The comprehensive mantle of charity
 w as throw n over the defective Free Soil plat
 form. The ciicumstauces in which the
 i
 originators of that movement were placed,
 j the crisis to be met, the early associations ol
 its leading spirits, the necev iy. and desire
 for union, and the difficult d securing it on
 high moral grounds —were pleaded in extenua
 tion of the low standard erected by the Free
 Soil Party and not without effect Many
 good men felt that was lime, the
 place, a-rd the platform upon which, to work
 ‘I decisively against ihfe monster slavery, and
 they rushed into it.
 i In the whirl uf excitement, always attend
 ant upon a Presidential election, men’s minds
 become misty and confused, and the fog and
 dust of the canvass prevented an intelligent
 judgment as to the effect of tlSeir action.
 That day has now gone by, the circumstances
 are i&gt;ow very different from what they then
 were, a more dispassionate examination of
 the subject can now be gone into, and wiser
 conclusions may be arrived at wiib respect
 to it.
 In what we now propose to sayof the free
 soil movement, we would not be understood
 tu deny that it has done some good. Such a
 conclusion would be very unjust and wholly
 unnecessary to establish the point which seems
 to us true of its action and history thus far.
 Nor do we mean to find fault with political
 action, in a party form against slavery. There
 is no question with us that the Anti-Slavery
 movement will always be followed at a greater
 or lesser distance by a political party of some
 sort. It is inevitable. While Antislavery
 views are propagated and the public mind is
 stirred and divided upon them, there will al
 ways be found politicians who will lean to
 the one or the other side. Each taking up
 the views of iheir respective movements, in
 the least objectionable manner, and thereby
 gaining political conspicuousness if not victory
 and the spoils of office.
 But to the question, What good has the
 free soil movement done 1 Much in many
 ways but not every way. It has for once
 rallied a large number of the people of the
 North in apparent hostility to the whole
 system of American slavery|; it has sub
 jected this vile abomination to a wide-spread
 expus ire it has rebuked and humbled quite
 a number of corrupt and cringing politicians,
 by driving them to change their positions on
 this subject, and driven them from office. I
 has awakeued the w hole south to a sense ol
 dangei, and perhaps has checked the prsud
 and arrogant pretensions ot the slaveholder
 with respect to the extension of slavery. Se
 far so good. It shall have all the credit te
 which it is entitled. There arc toen now eon
 nected with it of whom we never think but
 with grateful esteem and respect. Their
 voices have been uplifted boldlv and power
 fully in the councils of the nation in hehall
 of justice, freedom and humanity, and who
 must always be remembered with an abound
 ing heart of gratitude by ooe who has en
 dured »s we have done, the horrors of slavery.
 But even these noble spirits cannot save the
 movement flow cause of complaint, or make
 it worthy of the support of those who would
 tabor effectually against slavery. The reasons
 which oooe seemed to weigh in its favor
 have ceased.
 U promised much and has performed liuie.
 It appeared to he an active movetweet, flood
 ing the land with tracts, pamphlets and pa
 pers of various acting upon, and
 changing the moral sentiments from Fr»,
 to JahdMwy It proves to be a dal) and
 indolent concern, goodie deep sad refining te
 wake, until reused by the thunders of another
 political campaign. Not a single lecturer of
 that movement, dots the sorfaen of this widt
 Md of labor. It pmmiiil to he n ptegwa.
 rive movement, it baa not even been a stand
 still ooe, but has actually proved s retragmd
ißf MIIHU, gradually imppmrittg, lam
 «f nought bat tbe dead badf of basharim
 occupy place. Instead of appaSMßatiag
 to tiie tiac standard of abolition*®, tad there
 by rendering the movement worthy «f tbe
 countenance of Awabmy men, it is artaaliy
 i seeking alliance with tbe eoeoiieaof that holy
 cause. Tbe Free Soil iwwemeat has done,
 and is rtill doing much barm. It is standing
 io the way. Mucking up tbe path, and cutting
 off supplies, trom a higher mod holier move
 ment titan it has ever aspired to be. Its pa
 pers hare supplanted sod crushed others
 which but tor ibese. would have pro*-
 pered mad been useful to tbe cause they were
 to advocate. It bas swallowed up
 the Liberty pony press of the land, and weak
 ened its once powerful testimony against sla
 very. It has taken off from the old Anti
 slavery platform many whose usefulness de
 pended almost wholly upon tbe character and
 energy of their leaders, and begot in I be pub
 lic mind indefinite and intangible notions as to
 tbe means o! overt bowing slavery, where be
 fore all was plain sod straight-forward.
 Upon the whole it lias left the public mind in
 a more difficult state to deal with than it found
 it. It found it agitatsd. divided, aod the lines
 drawn distinctly, but pas left it dull, stupid,
 undefined, **d ifididhient. Instead of making
 the task of the abolitionist lighter, it has in
 creased his burdens. Tbe work for abolition
 ists to do now, is to press their old issues up
 on tbe public mind with redoubled earnestnes
 sod zeal, blow ing aw ay the dust and fog of half
 way measusues, and doctrines. No alw&gt;lt
 lionist, who is truly such, will be gratified
 with, or encourage any measure or doctrine
 that does not contemplate slavery everywhere
 as marked out lor destruction. It is a foul
 system —at war w ith the happiness of man and
 the laws of God, and tliere must be uu com
 promise with it. To denounce it in Califor
 nia, to oppose its introduction in New Mex
 ico, and give it constitutional and }Hilitical
 sanction in New Orleans, is worse than incon
 sistent, and can only end in a revelation of ful
 ly and hypocrisy, without advancing the cause
 of freedom at all. —r. d.
 Colorphobia iu New York!
 The tilth of May will long be remembered
 as the most trying day ever experienced by
 the unfortunate victims of colorphobia in the
 city of New York. The disease was never
 more malignant or general than on that day.
 The streets were literally crowded with per
 sons of all classes afflicted with this terrible
 malady. Whole omnibus loads were attack
 ed at the same moment, anti their hideous and
 uneaithly howls were truly distressing, ex
 cruciating. It will be impossible to describe,
 or give the reader any correct idea either ol
 the extent of the disease or the agony it
 seemed to occasion. Like most epidemics, its
 chief havoc was among the baser sort. The
 suffering here was fearful and intense. If the
 genteel suffered from the plague, they man
 aged to suppress and control their feelings
 3 better than what are called the lower or
 i ders.” But, even here, there could be nu
 successful concealment. The strange plague
 3 defied all concealment, and would show itsell
 f iu spite of veils, white- pocket handkerchiefs,
 B paruolS, hats, bonnets and umbrellas. In the
 i refined tins presence of the plague might be
 seen by a distortion of the countenance, a red
 and furious look about the cheek, a singular
 turn up of the nose, and a lom-r me ex
 s pression of the eyes.
 1 Among the low and vulgar the symptoms
 t were differentthe hand clinched, head
 shaking, teeth grating, hysteric yells and hor
 rid imprecation, marked the presence of the
 disease and the agony of the miserable crea
 tures who were its unfortunate victims. Per
 sons who, at a distance of thirty or forty
 L yards, appeared the very pictures of health,
 were found, oil a nearer approach, most hor
 ribly cut and marred.
 But the effect upon the outward man was
 l not half so strange ami dreadful as that upon
 r the mind. Here all was utter ruin. Gough's
 description of delirium tremens would not
 be much out of place in describing one haunt
 ed and afflicted with colorphobia. Monsteis,
 i goblins, demons, snakes, lizards and Amrpi
 ons—all that was foul, strange and loath
 some—seized upon their bewildered knugina
 i tions. Pointing with outstretched arm to
 wards us, its victims would exclaim, as ii
 i startled by dome terrible sight— 1 “Look! look!”
 “Where!” “Ah,what!” “Why?” “Why,
 don’t you see?” See what?” Why, that
 BLACK! slack black!” Tlieu, with eyes
 turned up in horror, they would exclaim in
 the most unearthly manner, and start off in a
 furious gallop—running ali around us, aod
 gazing at us, as if they would read our very
 hearts. The w hole scene was deeply afflict
 ing and terrible.
 But to the cause of this wide-spread plague,
 ot rather the manifestation of it. We think
 it can all be made plain to the dullest compre
 hension. There had arrived in New York, a
 few days previous, two English Ladies, from
 fjnndon—friends of Fkedekick Doc glass—
 and iiad taken apartments at the Frauklir
 House, Broadway; and were not only called
 upon at that Hotel by Mr. Douglass, but re
 ally allowed themselves to lake his arm, auc
 to walk many times up and down Broadway
 in broad-day light, when that great thorough
 fare was crowded with pure American lad id
 and gentlemen. Such an open, glaring out
 rage upon pure American tastes had never be
 fore been perpetrated. Two ladies, elegantl]
 attired, educated, and of the most approved
 manners, faultless in appearance arid position,
 actually walking, and leaning upon the am
 of a person, with a akin not colored like then
 own? Oh! iDouuioua! Was it not eaougk
 to cause the very stones to leap up with in
 dignation from the pavement 1 aod to “stii
 them up to mutiny and rage” l More and
 worse still, these ladies appeared wholly in
 different to, and oblivious of, alt the indigna
 rioo and fury going about them; but
 walked, talked and acted as though nothing
 unusual waa passing. In a word, they sees*
 ad to forget that they were ia the greatest
 Commercial Emporium of this, the mightiest
 Natron ia the world, mad to set as though they
 had been ia the paltry ettMf Loudon m
 *«*d of New York. WtfTooald they have
 been thinking about? How straoge that they
 had not made themselves acquainted with the
 tastiutuoos aud cusumm of the great Nation,
 V* »hem meted sod they were mlUmed to
 Haw singular that their friends had
 mi warned than such a tmiiiiiiiae
 outrage apes the eatahliahed of. (his,
 the “/rest* country ta the world! They
eeruiafj ant bare too hnim
 poMtble “that nature toco«W "Ckww*,
 conjuration—mighty roagie,” h Te ke
 wildered and misled them. They h«re
 been kindly received and bmp«*My e*li£
 tuned by some of the owe* i**p«ciaWe
 reined families in the city of New **k; but,
 with a strange hallucination, they preferred
 to identify themselves with the despised
 and injured portion of all the people of Amer
 ica—asd thus to make themselves of no repu
 tation, and rut themselves off from sll sympa
 thy and attention of the highly favored and
 accomplished son* and daughters of America.
 Before quitting this subject, we wish to call
 attention to certain singular inconsistencies
 connected with the development of the feel
 ing, called (erroneously) prejudice against
 color. The first is this. The poor creatures
 who seemed most disturbed by the fact that
 these ladies walked through the streets of
 New York in company with a colored man,
 f It in no w ise shocked at seeing ladies seated
 in their gilded carriages, with colored persons
 seated near them, driving their horses aud
 otherwise assisting such ladies- All this was
 perfectly right. They were in the capacity of
 servants. Hence New Yoik toadyism is
 rather pleased than disgusted. It is not with
 colored servants that New Yoik loafers are
 displeased; but with colored gtntltmen. It
 is wilh the colored roan as a gentleman that
 they feel the roost intense displeasure. They
 cannot bear it, and they must pour out their
 pent-up wrath, whenever an opportunity is
 afforded for doing so.
 In this same Franklin Hotel, in which we
 could not be allowed to dine on account of our
 color, we saw a large number of colored wait
 ers in the nearest proximity to white gentle
 men and ladies, without offence.
 We, however, tire of this subject. This
 prejudice is so unjust, unnatural and irration
 j al, that ridicule and indignation seem to be
 the only weapons with which to assail it.
 Our friends informed us that when they
 landed, they were assured that they had reach
 ed the shores of a free country, and were con
 gratulated upon that fact. Hut they had
 scarcely reached the hotel, when they were
 informed that a friend of theirs, who was not
 deemed unfit to be associated u'lth in London,
 i
 and who would have been kindly received at
 the best hotels in that city, and in Paris,
 1 would not be allowed to take dinner wilh
 j them at tire Franklin Hotel, in the city ol
 New Yoik. In this free country one is not
 permitted to choose and enj«y the society ol
 his friends, without being subjected to innu
 merable insults and annoyances.
 We shall not, however, despair on this
 point. A marked improvement has ahead)
 taken place in the manner of treating colored
 travelers, and the change is going on still
 Nothing, however, facilitates this more that
 such examples of fidelity to principle, and iiv
 difference to a corrupt and brutal public opin
 ion, as is presented in the conduct of lhes&lt;
 two English ladies, and others. This preju
 j dice must be removed and the way for aboli
 tionisls and colored persons to remove it, ist&lt;
 act as though it did not exist, aud to associafi
 with their fellow creatures irrespective of al
 complexional differences. We have marker
 j out this path for ourselves, and we mean tt
 pu[BoC it at al! hazards.— f. o.
The Discussion of the Constitution with
 Samuel R. Waul.
 It is already known to our readers that we
 accepted the challenge of Mr. Ward to dis
 cuss with him the question of the attitude of
 .the American Constitution to slaveiy. That
 discussion came oil' one week ago this day,!
 in the Minerva Rooms, New Yoik. It corn
 ■unenced at three o’clock in the afternoon and
 continued till five. The meeting, which was
 quite large, adjourned till half past seven in
 the evening. Each speaker was allowed
 thirty minutes. Five speeches were made
 on both sides and the meeting ended at near
 eleven o'clock.
 The discussion was something new for us,
 being the first in which we ever engaged. It,
 however, proved a very pleasant and agreca-i
 ble enteitainnieut —one which we shall re-'
 member with the lies! of feelings, both to the i
 audience and to our respectable and vety lal-,
 ented antagonist.
 If Mr. VV ard was not victoiious in the ar
 gument, it was certainly through no want of
 mental ability, but solely owing to the un
 soundness of the cause which he undeitook to
 defend. He showed himself a skilful debater,
 as well as a powerful deciaimer and certain-1
 ly possessed a large power over the intelligent
 audience before him. With an opponent of
 such genius and magnanimity it affords us
 I pleasure to discuss any question of difference.!
 There was evidently no wish on his part to
 take the slightest advantage of a single re-
 mark, or in any way to force a meaning upon j
 the words of the opposing speaker w Inch was
 oot intended to be conveyed. We, of course, j
 still hold that we have the truth on tlie sub
 ject, however plain the opposite may appear
 to Mr. Ward and his litends.—r. d.
A Volime im a Sentence.—The Louis
 nlk (Ky.) Examiner says. We are inform
 ed that a very interesting discussion upon the
 subject of Emancipation was held recently in
 j Woodford county betweeo Rev. Mr. Waller
 j and Thomas F. Marshall, Esq. Mr. Wsltei,
 i who is i pro-Slaverv candidate for the Con
 vention. undertook the somewhat difficult task
 of proving Slavery a divine institution. In
 i his earnest advocacy of the sacred cause, Mr.
 ;W. labored to show that Slavery has the di
 rect approval and sanction of Jehovah. Mr.
 i Marshall rose to reply. AH who know his
 peculiar manner of speaking, can easily imag
 ine the effect produced by uis reply, as pun
 gent as it was brief’'
 “The gentleman," says Mr. Marshall,
 “has attempted to prove that the Messing o!
 heaven^rests upon the institution of Slavery.
 I ftacr to-nmek respect for say Hod to attempt
 to defend Hun from suck a dander.
Alvan Stewart is no more. A man of
 surpassing eloquence and much philanthropy,
 who took a leading part in the cause of tem
 perance and freedom, has just passed sway,
 roe tin* Ism few years he resided chiefly in
 New York, suffering intensely fresn ih in as as
 contracted from those stimulating mdufgee
 ces in early life, for which the eloquence of
 years did so much to free bis fellow
 men.—We hope ere king to give out readers
 a mom extended notice 1 of him. —Bottom
 Ckeonotppe.
Escape or Slaves. —An excitement was pto
 dnoad is W heating, Vs. on s Sunday evening
 and Monday morning, by the escape of seven
 er eight staves belonging to Menus. Archfe
 bsldPanll, Tbos. PaoU, sod Samuel Mwresfl.
 Appearances left an soom to doubt that they
 km secretly fed into Ohio N orbing fern yet
 been beard horn them.
 jr
Slav* Catoiku— 44 C«»ei«uee' a•£»
 whaiber, by copying an reticle About the es
 cape of a alavu by boxing Wmaelf op, and
 cuunng on by ixtftead, directed in a Non hern
 Abobtioowt. wn “intend to anndioo and «p
 -proTe of the course of the persons who zemii
 «d the slave to escape/’ We ansvrer that no
 soch approval is to be inferred fnsn our publi
 cation- We publish all sorts of doings, soil
 must not by any means be beld to approve an
 act because we record it, even when we do ooj
 condemn if.
 —But as to the general question involved,
 we say, once for all, that we bold every inoo
 cent mao's right to bnuself paramount to any
 light to his body, which can be verecd in an
 other; and if a box should come directed Kbus
 with a lire loan in it, we should at the very
 least presume him ihe owner of haßsalf* until
 somebody else proved his title to him. That
 done, wc should let that somebody take his
 property running, recognising no obligation
 resting on us to help hint catch it. We are
 sure the laws of the land do not require us to
 turn slave catcher, ai least until the particular
 person sought is proved to us to be the stave
 of the person in quest of him —and we are
 rather slow of faith in such cases. Tribune.
 The two parts of this explanation to “Con
 science/* don’t seem to my simple judgment,
 to hold togeilier remarkably well. First “an
 innocent man's right to himself is paramount
 to any right to his body which can be vested
 in another." Most irue and incontrovertible.
 Second, “the laws of the land do uot require
 us to tuin slave-catcher, at least," &amp;c.
 Now, here is the difficulty: »T the right of
 the “innocent man to himself is paramount to
 any right to his body which can be vested in
 another,” I should like to know what ne
 cessity there is for the editor of the Trihune
 or any one else troubling himself about what
 law requires l Justice is above Jaw Laws,
 every one of them, which require men to do
 wrong, are to be resisted, bv all j»eaceable
 means—not obeyed. An “innocent” man’s
 right to life is paramount to any right which
 might be vested in another, tn take away las
 life. Could any provision of law invalidate
 that right, or render innocent those who,
 obeying its dictates, willfully imbitted their
 i hands in the blood of their fellows l No
 1 more can any one innocently, even under
 provisions of law, either in the first part or
 as an accessary, be insti uniental in robbing a
 man—black or white—no matter which—of
 j his paramount right to himself. We may
 wander for ever in the tortuous mazes of law,
 politics, and expediency, but under the infal
 lible guidance of eternal and unalterable right,
 we cannot err.— j. d.
Annexation. —Some of the Canada pai&gt;ers
 oppose the annexation of Canada to the Uni
 ted States, on the ground that were it so the
 owners of slaves would there seek and get
 their runaways. We suppose the editors
 think it much better that the white men should
 be subject to be caught w henever they may he
 i found, and pressed into the British navy or
 army, to lie Hogged if they do not obey some
 twig of the aristocracy whose father has pur
 chased a commission for him, and to he shot
 if he deserts his post or raises his hand
 against one of these fools to repel an indignity.
 Pshaw how ciude are some men’s notions
 !of human liberty.— Wheeling la.) Gazette.
 What tight have you to “suppose” any
 such thing If there is any necessity for sup
 posing at all, it seems more reasonable to
 supposer that as these Canadian editors
 are opposed to the ot the negro,
 they are also opposed Vo all the forms of en
 slavement of the white man. Besides, if this
 editor does not know he ought to know, that
 white man are not “subject to be caught when
 ever they are found,” and pressed into sheßrit
 i-li navy. There has not, so far as is known,
 been any single instance of involuntary im
 pressment into the British army or navy, since
 the year 1815. The entire system, it isquile
 true, is bad, wicked, detestable, but riot in any
 sense or degree to be compared with theinfer
 nal of Virginia and uther slave
 States, which piake men—their bodies, souls,
 and spirits—not only servants for a time, of
 i the government —but the “property," in as
 1 complete a sense as their horses and cattle are
 property, of individual citizens of those States.
 Are there no “fools” in Virginia who shoot
 lheir slaves if they raise their hands to repel
 an indignity? If they do not, it is only be
 cause the “fools” there have an equally cer
 tain and more profitable mode of punishing
 insubordination, by selling their “vicious”
 human cattle to the Southern slave-trader. It
 is infinitely better to have “crude notions
 of liberty," than like the editor of the Wheel
 ing Gazette, uot to have the most distant con
 ception of what it means.—j. d.
Attempted Escape.—A negro woman
 named Harriet Toney, slave of jT*R. Cann,
 was arrested last night by watchman Wright,
 of the W estern district, while on the point of
 attempting to escape, in company with some
 white persona, to Pennsylvania. She was
 sent home to her mastet m the morning.—
 Baltimore American, 16/d.
Effect of Imprison men t.—/The pliyai
 eian of the Auburn Stale Prison reports that,
 from a careful investigation of convicts under
 a long term of imprisonment, he is irresis
 tibly led to the conclusion, that five years is
 the longest term which a convict can pass iu
 confinement and be restored to the world with
 a sound mind m a sound body. The mind,
 like the body, in the absence of proper exer
 cise, loses its tone and strength. Convicts
 despair of ‘seeing out’ a long sentence, lie
 thinks lhat after long terms n would before
 merciful to retain them for life than to re
 turn them to the world, incapable of -elf
 control. 227 of the prisoners, he says con
 fess their guilt; ddSdenrit; 356 think they are
 benefited by the imprisonment. Among the
 “occupations" of those sentenced st Auburn,
 I find 16 sportsmen, 10 speculators; 1 is 3 are
 unable to read; 1 in 2 left or were deptjved of
 home before they were sixteen yearn of age.
Smtcxy in Masbacml’scts. —Eigthy years
 ago slavery existed m Maasachusseu, an t was
 practised by some, as eruelly as now on the
 sugar pbntauuas is Louisiana. Mrs Child, to
 her Hsrtory of Woman says, “A wealthy In
 dy residing w Gloucester, Maas., was in the
 habit of giviog awsy the infants of her female
 slaves a few days after they wore born, just
 as people are aoesstomed to dispose oft bom
 of kittens. One of her neighbor* begged as
 infest, which in those day* of compentive
 simplicity, she eourahed with her own milk,
 and reared tmaag her own children.*- This
 meaua bad aa os meat desire a brocade
 gown, mod bee husband not feeling aids to pur
 chase one, she seat her little nursling to Vir
 fiota and sold bar, when she was about seven
 years aid.
itmtuau new California. —A party of
 Ive or six Now Yorkers, who had Matted for
 the El Dorado a few weeks mom by the fend
 mrte through Texas, armed here ea Wed
 aeadey evening ea the Peytooa. They were
 thoroughly diretwni with goid-seekmg before
 mmfdetiag ban the journey, sad eoaaksiad
 that they bad seenaonogh of “the elephant.'’
 2Mg* TefeJ? Hfot, re 3Sfe»
 heme that sane avemag. Oaa of Omm bad
 expended bis relit and jreroey
 redtbe wholepretgjred the jaded aadwotj.
 t**— *fireferenMras -ifj—fewfh UunmL
Vok inr ms Woakino Mr*.—The me
 chanter and working men of Louisville, K y
 recently adopted th follow mg resolution at a
 public meeting; and. at the same lime, or
 dered the |-mblicat{&lt;m of JO.OOO rnpfo* of an
 address- cm rmaocipatioo.
 Resolved, That the institution of Ahverv
 is prejudicial to every interest of the .State,
 and is alike injurious lo the slaveholder and
 non-slaveholder; that it degrades labor, ener
 vates industry, interferes with the occupations
 of free laboring citizens, separates ton widely
 the |»oor and the rich, shots out the laboring
 classes from the blessings of education, ar.J
 tends to drive from ihe State all who depend
 upon personal labor for uppori. That while
 we recognise the right &lt;d property in slates
 under existing laws, we bold that the labor
 ing man has as fujl a right to his occupation
 and the profits of his labor, as ihe master to
 his slaves; and as slavery tends to ihe mono
 poly of as well as the degradation of labor,
 public and private right require its ultimate
 extinction.
 Slave Inscarection in Brazil.—W« are
 informed by a merchant of this city, who has
 received letters from Pernambuco to the Ond
 ot Match, that the report brought by
 the F.nglisli Captain to Demarara, and
 thence published in some of the New York
 papers, of a general slave insuirecnon throgh
 out Biazd, is altogether groundless. The
 troubles at Pernambuco are of a political na
 ture, and originated in the Government at Bio
 Janeiro sending down a new President for
 that province, thus ousting the old incumbent,
 who belonged to tlie democratic patty. Upon
 which the pariv flew to arms, and with some
 of their late deputies at their head, entered
 and attacked the city. They were repulsed
 w ith the loss ol a number of iheir leaders, and
 a large numlier of the rank and file.
 At the last accounts, (3d ot March) there
 was a minor that the insurgents were about
 again lo attack the city. The Governor
 however, had torti tied it strongly, and
 dailyexpected reinforcement from Rio Janeiro,
 so that it was thought impossible for the in
 surgents to be successful. Outside of the cit y
 there were bands of insurgents roving about,
 but they were not in numbers sufficient to be
 formidable.— Boston Traveller.
They will leave North Carolina.—
 Our attention was arrested, on Saturday last,
 by quite a long train of wagons, winding
 through our sheets, which upon inquiry, we
 found to belong to a parly emigrating from
 Wayne county, in this State, to the “far
 West." This is hut a repetition of many
 similar scenes that we and others have wit
 nessed during the past lew years: and such
 spectacles will be still more frequently wit
 nessed, unless something is done to retric\e
 our fallen fortunes at home.
 If there lie any one “consummation devoutly
 to be wished" in cur policy, it is ;Sat our
 young men should remain at home, and not
 abandon their native State. From the early
 settlement of North Carolina, the great drain
 upon her prosperity has been ihe spirit of emi
 gration, which has so prejudicially affected all
 the States of the South. Her sons, huheiio
 neglected (if we must say it) by an unparental
 Government, have wended their way, by hun
 dreds upon hundreds, from the land of their
 fathers—that land, 100, to make it a paradise,
 wanting nothing but a market—to bury their
 ilhmics in the land of slrangeis. We firmly
 believe that this emigration is caused by the
 laggaid policy of our people on ihe subject of
 Internal improvement—for man is not prone
 by nature to desert the home ot Ins affection*.
 Raleigh (A C.) Register.
 The Register knows very well, that had the
 I State free labor institutions, and nothing but
 a free labor population, there would be no
 complaint for a mck ot Enterprise, neglect of
 Interior Improvements, or depopulation.
 It would not surprise us if this respectable
 old Stale should show a retrogade inarch in
 population in 1850. From 1830 to 18|0, her
 slaves increased ai the rate of a Hum more
 than four per cent; her white population at
 the rate of only one percent.—The whole in
 crease of the Avhites in ten years having been
 but 5,212. The total population of Massa
 chusetts is about the same as that of North
 Carolina; it is well known, too, that she is
 subject to a continual drain from immigration,
 but her population increased from 1830 to
 18-40, 127,391, or at the rate of over twenty
 per cent.
 What makes the contrast between the two
 States more striking, is the relative densities
 of their populations; North Carolina contain
 ing only seventeen inhabitants to the square
 mile,, while Massachusetts contains cishtv
 bix.
 In view ot these facts, it would scein that
 the sensible people of North Carolina ought
 lo lie in favor of Free Soil.—A at. Era.
Dalmatian Proverbs.— He that is prodigal
 of thanks is avaricious of gratitude.—W'hen a
 wolf is fatigued even his tail is heavy—He
 that seeks to act gloriously must not act dex
 terously.—When you steal another man’s
 hen, lie your own by the leg.—Every one
 praises the rose while it gives a pleasant
 odout.—When misfortunes come, pause nut
 to weep, but hasten to change.—The head*
 fullest of brains are often the most liable to
 extravagance.—Choose yu&lt;ir wife by your
 ears rather then by vour eyes.— Baton’s
 Highlands and Islands of the Adnata.
From Independence.—R. Rush SaJone,
 Esq., of this city, arrived here to-day from
 Independence, Missouri, which place he lett
 a week ago last Monday. From him we
 learn that there .*,500 4'ahiorma emj~
 grants at Independence, and more than that
 number at St. Juseph. The companies trav
 eling the overland route from Chicago to In
 dependence had lost half of their teams ,n
 consequence of the severity of the weather
 and the impassable roads, ft was believed at
 Independence that emigrants, after the fir.-»t
 companies, would find great difficulty in pro
 curing food for their teams, iu crossing the
 i in consequence of the immense num
 her crossing.
 I The company of Sanduskians, eleven ui
 i number, who felt here last January, uudci
 command of Mr. Johnson, or “Black Haw k.”
 i broke up their camp near Independence on
 Saturday, the ffth lost., and started on their
 march over the prairie*. They, with two
 j other companies of about the same number,
 I one from New York, and the-other from St,
 f«&gt;uis, were the first to leave. Mr. Sloane
 visited their carup when one day on then
 march, and found ih.un at good health and
 •purrs, looking well, and all thetr appoint
 Rents superior to any other company. They
 had not yet got through cheering iu const
 queue*? of the election of Chase to the U .V
 Senate.— Sandusky Mirror.
CaoLEmA in Cincinnati.—The Pittsburgh
 Pom of the 16th mat., has the following Tel
 egraphic Despatch.
 “The Bored of Health report twenty-eiglK
 new of the bofera, writlun
 hjmre here—6 death*. For tfo week ending
 he hotera raging to this extent in f’w-
 ZTl*'*"** m fUw «*ad by the pres*
 Mali there, or alluded to something after thu
 «*py from the f Tocmuau t orn
 meiml, of the KHbutst
 "Since our last weekly, rumor* of Cbofcia
 bee* preyaiem, but we have not fteu
 C^. U&lt; Tbe Board of Health
 f**** m yet the rumors continue.
 trertwlaMi a few east* of the (Wen
 feret beets, and a few naturally oc
 the city, but three is no alarm, nor
 any. Unarerenuy incods are
 assured that there is no cause for ahum."
 The Cuoutaa is hugely uo the increase to
 Si. Lome.
 The tmreber nf deaths by ehefevs. hi New
 Otlmum, during tbe weekend** May 6th, was
 7®, aad by ether diseases,67.
"
