"the Secretary of this Institution, iu trus
 tees and other officers with whom he
 was in daily intercourse and commun
 ion are es|&gt;ecially reminded “that in the
 midst of life we are in death,” and for
 cibly taught what shadows we are,
 and what shadows we pursue.”
 R&lt;solred, That in this afflictive dis
 pensation of Providence, the community
 have to mourn the loss of one of their
 most excellent, worthy, and useful citi
 zens and the officers of this institution,
 a friend and an associate, who had by
 a long course of fidelity in his official
 position won their unqualified approba-;
 tion of him as an officer, and by his
 amiable and courteous deportment in all
 his intercourse with them, their respect
 for him as a inan.
 Resolved, That we sincerty sympa
 thize with the widow of our deceased
 friend and associate in her sudden and
 irreparable bereavement, and knowing
 how poor a solace in her affliction must
 be nil consolation derived from earth,
 we commend her and her child, to a
 Power above, who though he afflicts,
 :has promised to be their friend.
 Resolved, As a further testimony of
 our respect for the memory and our re
 gret far 4he loss occasioned by the so
 sudden decease ofour friend, and of our
 in pa thy w ith his bereaved family, we
 ■will attend his funeral in a body, wear
 ing crape upon the left ann.
 Resolred That the President’s ad
 dress, together with the foregoing reso
 lutions be entered on the minutes of this
 board, and that the clerk furnish a copy
 to be signed by the President and Sec
 retary pro tern., and transmitted to the
 family of the deceased, and a copy for
 .insertion in the city newspapers.
 William Pitkin, President.
 Geo. H. Mumford, Sec’y.
 PERILOI S RI'N-OFF.
 Quite ait exeit-ment in the neighborhood of
 the Bridge on Buffalo Street, was created on
 Monday afternoon, by the running off of a
 horse—a buggy being attached, and a boy dri
 ving. The 2niinal took fright, running off
 Buffalo Street into an alley in the rear of the
 machine nulls adjoining the bridge, taming in
 to a small alley which leads into the river,
 plunging full force into the water, when horse,
 buggy, and boy were washed by the threaten
 ing current of the dashing Genesee down the
 stream. Having presence of mind, the boy
 caught the pier or base of the hutment as he
 passed, and holding on, was thus snatched
 from a waterv grave.
 From the Detroit Free Press—Extra.
 FULL PARTICULARS OF TIIE BURN
 ING OF THE PROPELLER PHO2NIX.
 We have the painful news of the de
 struction of the Propeller Phoenix, to
 gether w ith upwards of *2OO passengers,
 of which one hundred and fifty were
 Hollanders, on their way to settle in the:
 west.
 'Phis melancholy news we get from
 the Engineer, who returned to this city
 on board the Delaware this day.
 The Phoenix was bound up, and Sun-,
 day morning fast about 4 o’clock, when
 within 15 miles of Sheybogan, she was j
 discovered to be on fire. After finding
 it impossible to extinguish the fire, and
 that all who remained on board would
 perish in the flames, many jumped over
 board to save themselves as best they
 could.
 About thirty got into the small boats
 many werc*picked up by the Delaw are,
 which hove in sight after the Phoenix
 was in flames, hut not in time to render
 any assistance to those who remained
 on board, or were unable to get into the
 small boats
 The engineer furnished us the names
 of those known to have been lost, and
 who he recollected by name.
 Mr. West, lady and child, Racine.
 Mr. Fisk and lady,
 Mrs. Heath and sister, Little Fort,
 Mrs. Long and child, Milwaukee,
 J. Burroughs, Chicago,
 1). Blish, Southport,
 Two Misses Hazelton, Sheybogan,
 About twenty-five other cabin and
 five steerage passengers; together with
 one hundred and fifty Hollanders.
 Of the officers and crew w ere lost—
 D. W. Keller, steward, Cleveland,
 J. C. Smith, saloon keeper, Buffalo,
 N. Merrill, 2d mate, Ohio City,
 W. Owen, “2d engineer, Toledo,
 H. Robinson, Ist fireman, Buffalo,
 Deck Hands—T. Halsey, T. Ferte
 mi, RiveT St. Clair; J. Murdock, AJ
 Murdock, Canada; George
 ('-alon bov— H. Tisdale, of Cleve
 land; body found,
 Wheelsman—L. Southwortli, New
 Bedford.
 Two colored cooks, Detroit.
 The names of those saved are—
 Capt. Sweet,' Ohio City,
 Clerk—Donihue, River St. Clair,
 Engineer, M. W. House, Cleveland,
 Ist Mate, IL Watts, Cleveland,
 Wheelsman—A. G Kelso, Ohio City,
 Deck Hand—J. Moon, Cleveland,
 Fireman— M ichael O’Brien, Buffalo,
 2 Porter—R. Watts, Cleveland.
 ’Flie Phcenix had the largest load of
 passengers and freight she could carry.
 The \	 &gt;ss of life above is the largest
 which ever occurred on the lakes, and
 the property lost is immense.
 It is supposed that those 150 Holland
 ers had considerable money with them,
 as they were seeking a location i:t the
 west hut how uncertain is life It is
 indeed mournful to record this sad ca
 tastrophe.
 From the C leveland Hrral l.
 ADDITIONAL PARTICULARS.
 We have conversed with Mr. M. W.
 House, engineer of the Phoenix, and
 from him received the following particu
 lars in addition to those furnished by
 the Free Press.
 The fire was discovered under deck,
 near the hark end of the boiler, and all
 possible means used to extinguish it,
 but without success. The two small
 bouts were lowered away and instantly
 filled with th we who escaped. Capt.
 Sweet, who had been confined to Ins
 state-room, one wheelsman and one
 deck band were in one of the boats: the
 Ist mate, one fireman and 2d porter in
 the other; the balance of the load
 were chiefly Hollanders.
 Mr. Donihoe, Clerk, Mr. House en
 gineer, and one passenger, Mr. J. Lang,
 were all what were taken from the wa
 ter alive. Dumhoe and were
 found under the stern, clinging to the
wheels end the engineer on a float abou
 50 rod* from the wreck. Those win
 i W ere saved were taken up by the pro
 prller Delaware, which waa at anehoi
 off*Sheboygan at the time the fire com
 menced. The Delaware towed thi
 wreck, which was completely gutted
 into Sheboygan, where it now tayi
 aground. Much credit is due to Capt
 Tuttle and the crew of the Delaware
 for the prompt and humane assistance
 rendered by them on tjie occasion, am
 for the kind treatment extended to tht
 sufferer* whilst on their passage down.
 SOME FACTS"
 Looking over some calculations on
 the Census, of ietfO, we found these
 results:
 SLAVES FOR EVERV HUNDRED WHITES.
 South Carolina has 145
 Mississippi,
 Florida,
 Alabama,
 Georgia, 6®
 Virginia, fW
 North Carolina, 50
 Kentucky, 31
 Tenncscc, i 28
 Muryland, 28
 Arkansas, 2f»
 Missouri, 18
 The whole slave States number 55
 The staves are chieflly centered in
 the planting regions. Yon may find
 2000 slaves in parts of South Carolina,
 to 100 w hites—on the other hand there
 are districts having but few bond, In
 the low lands of Virginia, North Caro
 lina, South Carolina, Georgia, and in
 Florida and Louisiana negroes abound;
 in the hill country, or upland region
 they are limited in numbers. The same
 holds true of Mississippi, Tennessee,
 ike. But in East Tennessee, Western
 Virginia, &amp;.c., slavery is nominal. To
 make this subject plain let us arrange a
 table;
 North Alabama, of population, 30 per cent.
 South Aluliuma, do, 49 |&gt;er cctil.
 East Tennessee, do. 8 per cent.
 West Tennessee, do. 48 per rent.
 The white population of Western
 Virginia is as large as .Eastern. Yet
 Western has 5G representatives in the
 Legislature—Kastern 78 Indeed
 the apportionments of nearly all the
 Southern States, retain the power of
 these States in the hands of slave-hold
 ers.
 From the Rochester Daily Advertiser.
 HENRY CLAY ON SLAVERY.
 The oracle of the Whigs has spoken and
 the Presidential tptesfion is settled,' 1 say his
 idolaters; at least so said they upon the re
 ception of his Lexington Resolutions, although
 the telegraphic notice of his speeeh gave
 ominous presago that everything was not
 exactly according to Gunter;” as we were
 told, that when he came to the Slavery ques
 tion, here the wires did’nt seem to work
 welland we were referred to the speech
 itself, which would be forthcoming in due
 time. In the interim, however, the Whig
 press shout loud hosannas, and attempt to
 Roarback the people into the notion, that
 Ci.ay has come out upon Anti-Slavery
 ground or is up neck and neck” with the
 Wilmot proviso—that Is, that he would inter
 dict .slavery in any new territory which might
 be acquired. Such a representation is a
 swindle and a fraud. Henry Clay totally
 avoids that issue, and sneaks behind the posi
 tion of no more territory,” which he and
 every man knows to be a falsi issue; and
 under the circumstances of the case an ab
 surdity’.
 But let us hear the great western.” He
 says, “We disclaim in the most positive
 manner any desire on our part to acquire any
 foreign territory whatever for the purpose of
 introducing slavery into it. Ido not knoic
 that any citizen of the Unit'd States entertains
 such a wish. This is the wonderful and
 positive disclaimer which has so inflated
 the Whigs, and has made llenry Clay Pre
 sident of the United States! A disclaimer,
 to which, upon Mr. Clay’s own showing,
 everv man in the South can subscribe. He,
 in short, endorses and defends the whole south
 from the charge of desiring territory for the
 purpose of extending Slavery. Yet Mr.
 Clay knew, and we all know, that these same
 men, millions of them, would move heaven
 and earth to prevent the passage of the W il
 mot Proviso. They are determined to have
 territory, and Mr. Clay knew it. They arc
 determined that there shall be no interdiction
 of slavery therein, and he also knew that. Is
 it any thing else than a pettifogging quibble,
 for him to disclaim for them and him, that
 they want territory for the jntrpose of ex
 tending slavery. If it is notorious that the
 south are determined to fight over the Mis
 souri question again about this new territory,
 what care we lor ten thousand disclaimers
 from Clay, Calhoun Co., that slavery is
 not the purpose for which they want the
 territory. Has Mr. Clay come upon the re
 publican ground of "Free lafor upon free soil V
 He lias never approached the thought in his
 whole speech. Does he say any thing that
 looks like favoring a Wilmot Proviso Let
 me quote the,- Wilmot Proviso There shall
 be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
 in any territory hereafter acquired by the
 United States.” Nothing like this appears
 in the speeeh, and to pretend that Mr. Clay
 favors such an idea is a gross fraud upon the
 people.
 Does Mr. Clay profess any change of opin
 ion on Slavery So far from it, he refers to
 his past history and publicly expressed opin
 ions, and claims that they have at least the
 merit of consistency, uniformity, ami
 long duration.” On his own showing,
 llenry Clay, the author of the Missouri com
 promise, is the same old coon.” P.
 For the North Star.
 THE DYING SLAVE.
 See the .Slave in a dying hour. What hope
 —what consolation? If he be a valuable
 slave, he may receive medical aid and atten
 tion, from the same motive that prompts men
 louke care of a sick valuable) horse. You
 may.hear the master say, I should hate tc
 lose him, he is worth $7OO cash, and I lost
 a fine fellow last week.” But who cares foi
 the immortal soul Who sits by his pallet ol
 straw, and points him to Jesus of Nazareth
 j who taketh away the sms of the world—-
 who ehangeth the leopard's spots, and makctl
 the Etliiop white Does the master leavi
 hts bed of down, and enter the miserable hu
 of the slave, and tell him that Jesus is so re
 specter of persons or condition, but mad&lt;
 of one flesh all the nation* of the earth
 Does the mistress accompany her husband
 and with all the tenderness which the femal
 heart can exhibit, urge the dying chattel t
 be reconciled to his God Do you think
 young woman, you who cannot endure Li*
 presence of a colored man, even on a rail-roa
 car, do you think that the daughter of th
 slaveholder, (who boasts of Her fortune in hu
 mau flesh,) leaves the social circle—gay com
 pan ions—the fascinating dance—the nudiugl
 revel—to pray and weep with the dying slave
 —Like a brute we compel him to live—like
 brute he dies! and his blood upon us, an
 will be upon our children, unless we do ot
 duty as men and as chrtstjar*.—j. t.
SOME FACTS
IMMIGRATION TO THE WEST LNDffS.

 We take the following from the Annual Re
 port of Use committee of the Bnash nod F«
 «%a Anti-Slavery Society. It rfnmi the oe
 i! cesnty of keeping n sharp look-out over thus
 jin wbooe bosoms the haven of slavery kaj
 i once had a place:
 The Committee have frequently of late hat
 to call attention to the mode of supplying th*
 British colonies with foreign laborers, an u»
 just in principle, unwise in policy, nod buff
 inhuman and immoral in its character and ten
 denews. It should bower, rbe distinctly on
 demood that they have never opposed the in
 troduction of hnirttgraiKs into the colonies,
 provided the conditions of such imuugratxM
 (were equitable and humane. All that ffuv
 have required has been that the immigrant
 should be introduced either at their ow n expense,
 or at the expense of those requiring their servi
 ces; that there should be an equality of the sexes
 in the immigrants imported; that the immigrants
 should be free to choose their employers and
 employments, on their arrival in the colonies;
 and that as perfect liberty of action should be
 secured to them as to any other class of the
 laboring population in the colonies. Instead ot
 this, however, the immigrants except in acorn
 paratively few instances an* introduced at the
 public expense, the emancipated laborers l*e
 mg taxed heavily for this purpose that the
 number of males introduced have bsen in the pro
 portion of ten to one of females that practi
 cally they have no liberty of choice, but are
 distributed according to the w ill of the colonial
 agents, or the w ishes of the planters; and they
 are brought under a system of laws w hich re
 duces them to a species of semi-slavery, from
 which few have the means of escape, at least
 j for five years.
 Under the various schemes of immigration
 j which ha\ a obtained at Mauritius, there have
 1 been introduced, from the year 1834 to 1846,
 inclusive, no less than 85,000 Coolies, chiefly
 males, besides several thousands of Malgaches,
 Chinese, Johannesc, and others. Into British
 i Guiana there have been imported, during the
 same period, of Africans, Coolies, Portuguese,
 Germans, and others, 33,000 w hilst into Ja
 maica and Trinidad it is not improbable that
 ‘.Hi,OOO at least have found their way. Yet,
 owing to the fearful mortality which has oc
 -1 ctirml, the tcimination of indentures and con
 tracts, and the return of immigrants to their
 homes, the cry for fresh immigrants is as loud
 as ever and the n*sourees of these colonies are
 drained to the uttermost to meet tin; demand
 and are even put in pledge for years to come,
 as in the case of British Guiana and Trinidad, to
 repay capital and interest, in loans, to be rais-
 I ed for this particular purpose whilst in Mau
 ritius, funds that were specially devoted to
 public works, amounting to .£306,000, have
 been misappropriated to immigration, with no
 J prospect of their ever being repaid.
 It is now clear however that two sources on
 which the Government and planters principal
 ly depended for a.supply of laborers to the three
 colonies of Jamaica, British Guiana, and Trin
 idad have either failed, or are tot) costly to be
 kept open. The liberated Africans at Sierra
 Leone, with the exception of those who
 have recently been captured, refuse to leave
 that colony; and the expense connected with
 immigrants from British India is found to be
 too heavy for the colonies to bear. The Com
 mittee expect therefore that when the present
 season has passed, and the 16,000 Coolies
 promised have reached those colonies, there
 will be an end of that kind of immigration to
 the West Indias.
 To meet the loss of supplies from the quar
 ters indicated, the Goverment on the pressing
 solicitations of the West India body, have de
 termined upon obtaining laborers from the
 Kroo Coast, Western Africa, and by way of
 j experiment, have fitted up one of H. M. steam
 vessels, the Growler to go thither, and have
 appointed agents on the coast, to engage and
 superintend the shipment of Kroumen for
 Guiana and Trinidad. The Committee have
 felt, it to bo their duty earnestly to protest
 against this new scheme. First, because the
 Kroo coast is not under British jurisdiction or
 control; secondly, because the agents are to
 lie paid head-money for obtaining the Kroo
 men; thirdly, because the Kroomcn are, if not
 absolutely slaves, under the dominion of their
 headmen or chiefs, so that they can not act a$
 free agents fourthly, because they will not be
 permitted by their chiefs to take their wives
 and families with them and fifthly, because it
 will afford a most pernicious example to for
 eign states, having slave colonit*s or territories
 to supply themselves with laborers nominally
 free, but really slaves, and thereby give a new
 stimulus to tiie slave-trade, w ith all its muni
 i fold horrors.
 The Committee feel that this important sub
 j ject demands the most serious attention of Bri
 tish alKilitionists, and they hope w ill meet w ith
 their most strenuous opposition.
THE EAGLE ABROAD.
 American Lihertv. American Eocs.—
 The American Eagle—the bird ol' Liberty—
 lays rotten eggs*. This* filthy fact is made
 evident by a letter written to the New York
 National Anti-Slavery Standard, by Freper
 ick Douglass. lie and Mu. Garrison
 lately proceeded as far as Harrisburg, to
 preach liberty to the benighted citizens of the
 freest nation of the earth; and their argu
 ments were met with foul eggs, crackers, and
 brickbats—the arguments of the good and
 wise!
 I spoke only a few moments, alien through the
 windows was poured a volley of unmerchantable
 eg*?*, scattering the contents on the desk in which 1
 stood, and upon the wall lx hind me, and tilling the
 room with the must disgusting and sliding stench.”
 Sweet odors, consecrated to the altar of
 Liberty, by free men But the sacrifice was
 not completed—for pvr echnic science be
 stowed a pack of crackers;” and other
 worshippers at the shrine of Freedom offered,
 not frankincense' or myrrh, but “cayenne
 pepper and Scotch snuff,” that produced
 their natural results amoug the audience!”
 A mi then arose a triumphant shout—“ Throw
 out the nigger! Throw out the nigger!”
 And thereui&gt;on the nigger,” leaving the
 room, and gaining the street, there followed
 a shower of stones and brickbats;” which
 are arguments so ready-made, and generally
 i so easily obtained, that neither fool nor knave
 need be without them.
 When Franklin was consulted about the
 design for the American insignia, he gave his
 1 veto against the proposed Eagle. It was a
 ‘rascally, thievish, carrion bird, he said and
 was unworthy of a free people. The Ame
 ricans, however, as w proved in our time,
 knew belter. They felt that the Eagle
 would very admirably typify the spirit of
 American Liberty. The Eagle steals her
 prey America steals her blacks. The eagle
 wili feed upon human flesh; so does Ame
 rica—that is, if the flesh have within it any
 negro blood. The eagle—that is, the free
 i American Eagle, lays putrid egga; nought
 wholesome, nought vital is produced from
 them. 'Hicy are foul things, fit for no ser
 vice. Oh, yes! They arc arguments, strong
 eat arguments against the liberty of the black
 —sweetest incense in the nostrils of the free
 white Pvnrk.
 LETTER FROM GEORGIA.
 The following is from the pen of a corres
 pondent of the Rochester American, supposed
 j to former S—F. .and shows to what ser
 vility and meannecs a northern m-na will stoof
 to secure the favor of southern mcn-stcaksrs
 That Georgia has more miles of rail-mat
 in operation, than any other state in the Un
 km may be true—we think it may be foarli
 jmtbUKl. He says, The happiest people
 mt here are the negroes.” We hardly knov
 how to receive this— one thing we know i
 that if the slaves are toe haj puu, the master
 moat be in a moat vreicKed condition
 I Georgia has more miles of railway am
 in operation than any other Mate in the t’niwi
 Indeed her ettisens display for mure emerprm
 tHn I expected to find when I left Rochcatei
There are 30 cotton fectariea h» the Mate, *ll
 dof jamiuhfa boMMttu. Mtuufoptimup
 fasThart—mig popular,u«*cmhrrnGuorgi* om
 n i South Carohua, who» kauha* mem have
 four rhrrrkH a kmd of ttftim mill fhwhm.—
 Twelve miles from Augusta, in that Mate, a
 company ia bow meeting a fartory 230 feet in
 length and 30 in width, of granite, beside two
 other buddings, 80 fcut by 40, aaw-mifl,,
 dwelling*, The cewwa owns Mw
 acre* of land, fc* F«« sad
 j will build up a femnriHtig village oa a sterile
 pine plain. The name of the village ia “Gran
 -1 heville.”
 The corporation of this tow n has tapped the
 Savannah shore the Falls, and dug a easel j f
 j p«L»« by w hich a large volume of w ater if
 brought into the chv, and presents to the auui
 ufacturer a fall of 36 feet. 'Hie Savannah it
 a large river, and of course there is no lark ot
 power. The fourth story of a cotton-mill to;
 drive 10,000 spindle*. now approaches Us mm- j
 pietioa. Slaves are not to be employed aaoper
 atives. Unfortunately there are too many poor
 i white families at the Sooth seeking employ
 ment. It is from this class that laborer* are
 to be draw n without the unpleasant aasociaiiun
 of blacks.
 The happiest people 1 see here are negroes.
 Whatever may be the price of cotton and com,
 or the injury from th# armv-wonn, ram, or
 drbwvh, the blacks have white men who are
 i bound by law to food, clothe, and house them
 in' exchange for a very small service. Thou
 sands of planters arc kept poor because their
 slaves consume more than they earn.
 The most remarkable feature in southern so
 i ciety is the extreme reluctance with which
 j men sell a portion of their slaves, w hen the
 number is plainly too large for a plantation of
 poor land. All suffer together rather than di* j
 vide, and sever the strong tie of family attach
 ment. In nine cases out of ten, it isthe w hites,
 the masters, who foci the evil ofN»lavery, not
 their happy, laughing, dancing, healthy ser
 vants. The rapidity with w hich they multi
 ply is a caution to those who have no particu
 lar affection for the race. The miliums of ne-'
 groes in the United States, one of these days, J
 may be troublesome, whether bond or free.—;
 I could wish that measures were takgn to ed-!
 ucate them in slave as well as in free states, i
 Had the abolitionists not interferred in the mat-
 ter, by this time schools for children of color i
 would have been quite as common here as
 schools for white children. The advantages of
 the latter arc nothing in comparison with those!
 of the children of the state of New York.—
 There are many slaves however, who are
 taught to read and write—the law to the con
 trary notwithstanding. I have just been shown
 a written letter from the pen of a girl eighteen
 years old, who is an educated slave. Her
 mistress taught her. As the whites rise in
 civilization, intellectual and moral improve
 ment, they elevate all their servants in an equal j
 ratio. Intelligence and good habits are easily
 and naturally acquired by children in good so- 1
 eiiHv. Place them from infancy to manhood
 in the society of the ignorant and depraved,
 and it will be something akin to a miracl; if
 they are letter than their instructors.
 The sparseness of the settlements at the
 South, and its poor lands are the great barriers
 to the general and thorough education of the j
 masses, who must elevate the blacks by their
 example. The building up of numerous villa
 ges of intelligent mechaifies, and the creation
 of markets for fruits, vegetables, milk, butter,
 eheese, fresh meats, &amp;c. demanding a large
 number of laborers to cultivate in gardens, and
 many acres of land, is the way to lay the foun
 dation for good schools, libraries, lyceums, i
 churches, lectures, newspapers, and all the
 other means and agents for the social, moral,
 and intellectual advancement of our race. It
 is not. for me to reproach any people for their
 ignorance and low standard of physical com
 fort, who from their birth upward have never
 had a fair opportunity to be better informed.
 Give to the children of the Southall the social,
 intellectual, and other advantages possessed by
 the most favored of the free states, and you
 will see in twenty-five years a perfect change
 of opinion on many vital questions. The south
 ern heart is right, and its head is beginning to
 look and travel in the same direction.
 There ar*&gt; too mtny r&gt;F nioro iirnonuit
 people of this quartoT of the Union who sus-|
 tain the administration in its mad idea of con
 quering and holding as American territory all
 Mexico. If the scheme shall carry, it will be
 found that not a slave slate can be found west;
 of the Rio-Grande —ail w ill bo free. What
 will the South gain L. j
Ignorance in Alabama. —Such is the
 title of un article in the Southern (Alabama)
 Advocate, on the subject of popular education,
 in the course of which the following state
 ment is made, founded upon the census of
 1840
 By that document, we find that the white
 population of the State then amounted to a-1
 bout three hundred and thirty-five thousand,
 (335,185,) and that, of these, the number
 over twenty-one years of age alone who could j
 neither read nor write amounted to upwards of
 twenty-two thousand (22,592 Twenty-two
 thousand citizens in a Republican State, who
 could not read the charter of their liberties!_
 Twenty-two thousand in a Christian land, to
 whom the Scriptures, the guide of moral con
 duct, were as much a sealed book as to the
 unhappy beings in the darkest regions of Pa
 ganism These are astounding facts—they
 are disgraceful—they are mournful.”
 By referring to the census, it will lie lound
 that the number of white persons in Alabama
 over twenty years of age was 130,897. The
 lair estimate, then, is, that almost one in every
 five adult white persons in Alabama in 1840
 could neither read nor write! And we have
 the testimony of this writer, that the evil has
 been steadily increasing since the census was
 taken. He attributes it, in some cases, to the
 worthlessness of the school lands donated by
 Congress and in others, to the neglect or
 mismanagement of them. The truth is, the
 legislature has provided no system of public
 education, and the reason of this is obvious.
 It was stated by Senator Archer, of irgima.
 in a short address delivered by him in Cincin
 nati, a few months ago, at the close of the
 annual examination of the Common Schools
 by which that city is adorned
 Senator Archer,” said tiic Cincinnati
 Times, remarked, at the close of the exami
 nation, that he now saw-, for the first time,
 evidence of the practicability of popular edu
 cation. No one, (he said,) who had been so
 long conversant with politieal matters as he
 had, could doubt that the only safeguard of
 our free institutions is the diffusion of sound
 Knowledge among the whole people. It vccs
 to him a source of deep regret that, in his own
 Stott, from the nature of its population, the
 establishment of a system of public schools
 had been impracticable.”
 This is the secret of it. The nature o
 the population’’ prevents. The Plantation
 thins out the fre* white population, and what
 should be s school district, is occupied bra few
 wealthy slaveholders with hordes t of slaves.
 To the latter, education ts forbidden, and the
 former do not live near enough to keep op a
 school; and even were this not the case, their
 habits dtspeae them to employ private tutors,
 or send them to boarding schools, rather than
 suffer their children to mingle with these ol
 j the poor at a common school. But the poor
 alone cannot keep up schools and thus aav
 thing Jikc a -ystera of popular education tt
 effectually prevented.— n ash. Era.
 From the Bwhmoi*.
 HmsorATUT.—W* have heretofore esßod
 the attention of oar render* to the Water Cun
 Establishment of Pi- Higgles Xorthamp
 hm, and take jAesswe in copying from tb*
 Hampshire Herald, the following very re
 mark able testimony to ha skill and success
 The Doctor, as our readers already know, ii
 blind. He was not regularly educated to tlx
 profession, hot in a man of native and gom
 sense, and a strong, owjuirrag mind. By tbn
 activity of hit mind hi* eyesight became im
 paired*, and m hweffiwv* to reclaim it, bavin)
 suffered much of many physicians, ho beeam
totoDybW.~T«t be mM hirosHfof this
 grrstwt ofearttily lomm to acquire &gt;»hrii
 MMlioa, Mk new u its mode and wonder-
 Maits wu h». He eainfemJat delicacy
 of toyeh which ft b well km the MligeZ
 btiod ahnp «q«iw, to judge ef ihedsctnai
 Mstoofthe skin, and upon the knowledge
 which this gru him of the action *nd obstruc
 tion* of vital fuwtkma, he proceeds in his wa
 ter tnMwnt. Whatever be the thought ot
 thk, theory on which Dr. Hottfca builds fc»
 practice, nothing exa be toon certain than his
 remarkable success. Sobs; case* he reject* at
 uoec aa hopeless; but when he unde-takes a
 cure, he rarely fails to astonish and gratify the j
 Etient. The writer of the fbOcwing letter,
 rr. Psyeon WUlietoo, is the father of lion. 1
 •Samuel Williatoe of East Hampton, and J.'
 P. Wilhatoa of Northampton, well know n iu
 the annals of Massachusetts liberality. We
 are informed that Dr Kugffcs lias prescribed
 for upwards of 150 persons, the past year, who
 hare consulted him with regard to their rase*,
 independent of these connected with his care.
 Mr. Hi ggles’ W«t« ('cat.—HiTinifi’t-
 Pcrieneod substantial Umrft from the Cold
 VVater system, as practiced at the Northamp
 ton Water Care, by Dr. David Ruggk**, and
 believing that it may be interesting to oilier* 1
 who may be atffictcd, I thought it due to the
 cause to’ request that you would favor me with
 a place in your paper, to make a brief state
 ment of my case. lam 84 years of age—find
 with the exception of a lameness in my right
 leg, which was caused by an injury about for
 ty years afro, I have enjoyed a greater degree
 of health than has fallen to .the lot of most,
 men. For seven years after tins injury I was
 obliged to use two crutches but by degrees
 my Tameness decreased, so that I was finally
 enabled, with the aid of one staff, to walk com
 fortably a mile or two at a lime. About two
 years ago, however, without any apparent
 cause, other than the infirmities of increasing
 age, my leg again troubled me. It became
 much inflamed and swollen, and at times pain
 ful.—Exercise aggravated all these bad svrnp-.
 toms, and though 1 obtained the advice of va-;
 rious physicians, eminent in their profession,
 their appliances proved useless, and some ol
 them injurious. My limb grew worse until 1
 was almost confined to my house, and my leg,
 in addition to the swelling and inflammation,!
 assumed a dark purplish color from the knee
 to the ankle the skin was almost dead, and'
 it appeared on the point of breaking out into a
 running sore and I was instructed by my phy
 sicians to use palliatives, as it was believed;
 nothing further could be done than to render)
 me comfortable. These bad symptoms began j
 to make their appearance above the knee, and
 assumed a more serious aspect, affecting my
 general health and appetite. In this condition
 I was persuaded to consult Dr. Ruggles in re
 lation to the adaptedness of the Water ('un
 in my case. Alter a careful examination ol
 my limb and the attending symptoms, by his
 peculiar method, he expressed his belief that
 water would relieve me. 1 immediately plac
 ed myself his care, and in less than
 eight wc *ks was entirely relieved of all paiuj
 and inflammation, and every other bad symp
 tom, and was able to walk comfortably from
 three to four miles daily, with no other aid:
 than one staff, as formerly. It is now about
 two months since 1 left the (Jure, and I ani
 still improving in strength and general health,
 so that I have within the past week walked
 two miles at one time.
 Payson WILLISTON.
 Easthampton, Oct. 25th, 1817.
W. C. Nell. —The following handsome
 compliment to our friend and co-laborer, we
 copy from the Liberator of Nov. 26. It is a
 tribute from Wendell Phillips, Esq.
 Mr. Nell has left for Rochester, where he
 will assist in the office of the paper which
 Frederick Douglass is about to publish there.
 Those of his friends who have occasion to
 write to him, will please notice that his address
 is now, Rochester, New York.
 Mr. Nell has won for himself, in his native
 place, an enviable character for urbanity, high
 moral character, and integrity above suspicion.
 The various associations of our colored friends
 for moral, literary, and social purposes, will
 lose in him a most efficient, devoted, and inde
 fatigable, friend, and one whose exertions
 have often been the mainstay of such enter
 prises. lie carries with him the good wishes
 and kind remembrance,of those who have wit
 nessed his earnest efforts to improve ami ele
 vate himself and his fellows, and his generous
 inte-est in every good cause.
 Death of Dk. Hopkins. —We ard pained
 to announce the dvath of Rev. Dr. Hojfkins of
 Buffalo. This event, as we leant bv A Tele
 graphic letter to Rev. Mr. Shaw of this city,
 occurred at one o’clock on Saturday morning.
 Daily Dcm
MISCELLANEOUS.
 \x 1
 Novel-reai&gt;ing Monomaniac*.—Vlt
 is a pity that the trashy literatuie of me
 day should find readers within the wails
 of a college; yet it is thus that some.
 spend too much of their valuable time.
 As an instance of this, I am going to
 repeat here a great story. A graduate
 of Harvard told me that, during his
 college life, he three thousand
 volumes of fiction. Three thousand!y i
 you exclaim; ‘t impossible! he rnutfti
 have said three hundred.” Three
 sand, he assured me; and his veracity,
 is unquestionable. Nor did the evi-,
 dent regret with which he spoke of it
 admit of any motive to exaggerate.
 But let us see if it be, possible, and if
 it be, the well known mania, of novel
 reading, in some person*, makes it;
 probable. In four years, including one!
 leap-year, there aie 14(&gt;1 days; he had
 then, to read hut two volumes and a
 fraction daily, Sundays included. Ri-j
 sing early, and reading far into the
 night, he was able to do this. He used,
 he" said, to run into Boston on his feet,
 every evening during twilight, to the
 book shops and circulating libraries, toj
 return volumes and obtain others. I,
 had thought this an unparalleled in-,
 stance in the history of novel-reading
 —as among students I hope it is. But
 happening to speak of it to a friend, he
 mentioned the following: Being with;
 two gentlemen at a book store in New
 York, at which was kept a circulating
 library, one of them remarked that an
 acquaintance of his was accustomed to
 read two hundred volumes of novels in
 a year. The other thought it incrcdi- j
 I ble. The first, turning to the bookscll-;
 cr, asked what was the largest number
 J of volumes dtawn by one person from
 bis library, in a year. Referring to
 his books be found that a certain lady
 had taken four hundred and fifty sets,
 mostly two-volumed, making about nine
 hundred volumes. This would amount,,
 i in four years, to 3f«00; so that the fair
 one beat the eollegian by six hundred.
 —Recollections of College Life.
 New Yoee Caxais.—Receipts from toll*
 on all the canal* of New York the coro
 mene»-mem of aavifration to the Tth of Norcm
 her. f 3,352,451. Same tune last year, t,-
 4*3,541.
 Magnetic Terecsash. —The Agent «f the
 Magnetic Tele™* Ccnnw, m a letter to
 s the editor of the Mobile (Ala.) Register, Mates
 that the telegraph fine between N. Orleans
 t an( J Washing. will he in operation by die first
 •i of January ae*t. It ia ahoat 1360 mile* long,
 r and much of it paaaea through a iml wilder
 |l ana. met rtma, atraita and swamp*.
Kttf a Stun.—Anything revealed ia
 confidence should be kept secret. Thereieno
 greater breach of good manners sad bnetuu
 frith, thdn to reveal that which baa been pla
 ced in the sscresr of your own bosom What
 if tb»4fnend who once tn toed you and told you
 the eerreto of his heart, has become your ene
 my 1 You are *t»ll bound to keep your ward
 ta violate, and preserve locked in your heart Ux
 secrets confidentially made known to yea. A
 man of principle will itever betray even an en
 emy. fie hidds it a Christian duty never to
 reveal what was placed m htekeepine. Whil*-
 the Albanian* were at war with rhilip. King
 of Maecdou. tin y intercepted a letter that the
 king had written to hts wife. Olympia. It wa*
 returned unopened, that it ought not be read
 in public—their laws fbibidding thc:u to re
 \eal a secret.
 1 Egyptian*, it was a criminal ©f
 rK r dhalge a secret. A priest who had
 guihy of tins offence, vuu ordered
 to leave the country.
 Ha*.e you a secret reposed in vour bosoms
 Kcvral 11 ‘or world. A coiifitiiuc Intsnd
 may tell you a hundred things, which if ahis
 perod abroad, would bring him into ridicule J
 and injure his character through life. No oih*
 is so upright that he may not have committed,
 wane ung-ntlcmanly act, or some impure of
 fence, which may have secretly been confided
 to another. The fault may have been pcq*.--
 I trated years ago, before the individual's char
 xrter was funned, and before he had a wife
 and children. Would it not be a profanotion
 of the meat social duties, in a fit of anger, or
 out of malice or revenge, to divulge a secret
 like tins*
 A man's enemies would not care whether it
 was the fault of his thoughtless youth or hi&gt;
 tnaturer years, so long as they could make a
 handle of it to his injury, and thus effect their
 purpose. Be careful then never under anv
 consideration whatever, to repeat what hat
 been whispered to you in the confidence ol
 friendship. A betrayer of secrets is fit onlv
 for the society of the low ar.d the vile.
 D. C. C.
Cure for Consumption.. —An officer u
 the British service, resident in the East Indies,
 had been stricken with the fatal disease, and
 was reduced by it to nearly a skeleton his
 friends looked upon him as a doomed man.
 and he himself had given up all hopes ol
 loug continuance of life. He was one morn
 ingcraw ling about his grounds,and accidentally
 went into a shed w here a man had been l&gt;ot
 tliug some wine, and at the moment of his
 master's entrance had just incited some rosin
 to seal the corks w ith. It could not be other
 wise than that those within the room should
 inhale the smoke arising from the resin. To
 the surprise of the aillictcd one, his respira
 tion became free and unobstructed, and it in
 stantly occurred to him that the relief he ex
 perienced was produced by his having inhaled
 the rosinous smoke. He remained better du
 ring the day, and without consulting his doc
 tor, repeated the experiment in his sleeping
 room. That night he slept soundly—a bles
 sing he had not known for years.
 Twice a day, for a week, did he continue
 his experiment, and with increased success.
 He then mentioned the affair to his medical
 adviser, who was equally surprised with him
 self at the improvement of the patient’s health,
 and advised him to continue the inhalations
 night and morning.
 In the space of three months his cough left
 him, and his appetite returned. In six months
 his health was so improved that he contem
 plated returning to his native country he de
 layed, however doing so, until a year had ex
 pired. SStill persisting in his new found reme
 dy, his health was completely restored, and
 he was once more a sound man.
Newspapers. —A newspaper can drop tin
 same thought into a thousand minds at the
 same moment. A newspaper is an adviser,
 who does not require to be sought, but
 who comes to you of his own accord, and talks
 to you briefly every day of the common weal,
 without distracting your private affairs. News
 papers, therefore, become more necessary in
 proportion as men become more equal, and
 individualism more to lie feared. To suppose
 that they only serve to protect freedom, would
 be to diminish their importance they main
 tain civilization. —Dc Tocqunillc.
Eloquence. —The best style, as Coleridge
 has remarked, is that which forces us to
 think of the subject, without paving attention
 to the particular phrases in which it is clothed.
 The true excellency of style is to make us
 feci that words are absorbed in things, and to
 leave upon the mind a strong impression e!
 the sense and the tenor of the reasoning, railt
 er than a broken and piecemeal recollection o|
 particular expressions and images the result,
 on the contrary, if not the intention, of too
 much pulpit oratory, is to till the ear with a
 multitude of grand terns, and bewilder the
 fancy with a crowd of tropes, while it is com
 paratively ineffectual in stamping the general
 argument or exhortation up-on the understand
 ing.—British Critic.
Men can be c.ooii to ali. —I never yet
 knew any man so bud, but home have thought
 him honpht, and afforded him love: nor ever
 any so good, but some have thought him evil,
 and hated him. Few are so stigmatical a.-1
 that they are not honest to some; and few,
 again, arc so just as that they seem not to
 some unequal: either the ignorance, the envy,
 or the partiality of those that judge, do con
 stitute a various man. Nor can a man hi
 himself always appear alike to all. In some,
 nature hath invested a disparity; in some, I
 report hath fore blinded judgment; and in
 in some, accident is the cause of disposing to
 love or hate. Or, if not these, the variation
 of the bodies’ humors; or, perhaps, not any
 of these. The soul is often led by secret
 motions, and loves she knows not why.
 There are impulsive privacies which urge i s
 to a liking, even against the parliaments! acts
 of the two Houses, reason, and the common
 sense; as if there were some hidden beauty,
 of a more magnetic force than all that the eye
 caa see and this, too, more powerful at one
 time than another. Undiscovered influences
 please us now with what we would sometimes
 contemn. I have come to the same man tiiat
 hath now welcomed ine with a tree expres
 sion of love ami courtesy, nr.d another time
 hath left me urjuduted at all; yet, knowing
 him. well, I have been certain of hi* sound
 affection and have found this, not an intended
 neglect, hut an indb-potediios, or a uund
 seriously bruised within. Occasion r&lt; ins the
 motions of the stirring mind. Like men that
 walk in their sleep, we are led about, vu
 neither know whither nor how.
 A timid man can never become great; it;
 he (Xtohcaaca talent he caman apply it; h
 trampl- d upon liy the envious and awed by
 the swaggering he is thrust from the direct
 1 path which lead* to honor and fame bv every
 aspirant who possesses more spirit than himself.
 A Stvdy from Natcse. —-The beautiful
 statue of the Greek Slave,” by Mr. Powers,
 lias excited such universal admiral:on, that a
 companion to it, we understand, will be
 ly exhibited by the same arUat, under th tit.-
 of The American Slave. It is the figure
 of a norm. with his hands fastened with a
 chain, m» the manacles of which is cut the
 America*. Eagle. limit d hi* bark m w rapper!,
 the national flag, on which the stripes are con
 spicuously displayed. The crouching atiitud*
 rff the figure is moot wonderfully depicted,
 but the statue w most to admired for it*
 powerful tm’h and unaff vied simplicity. We
 have been armored by gcntJcm -n who have
 had opportunities of judging by fbqswrt visit*
 to the Land of Liberty, that they have never
 arm anything an wonderfully true if- nature.
 _
 .Fajr al Si rraAoe is Conn*ctki;t» —Tin
 i' prapwnm to abolish the distinction between
 i‘ com ed people and white* tn aspect to th*-
 t right of suffrage, was rejec ed hy tV people of
 j Connecticut. A* far as heard from, the vote*
 suifnd: For the prop«o:tKrti —5,248. Agsm**
Tb* next Conorws From a Matcmcnt
 of the Bamc* of tho membe r* elect of the next
 (.©•gress ib the Journal of Commerce, it ap
 pear* that tbe House will contain ond honored
 «wl ten dciuucntu and one hundred and eigh
 teen whig*. The s*ct»ato will contain a demo
 cratic majority of fourteen.
 _ H Ltetsß* Qt rsTio* n* VtruouT.—
 I c oraM&gt;Bl L*£»%Luurn he* ootilvd the h
 oenae que*ti&lt;?o, by the d sjnwitl, Wl to Bft, of
 a mil mttndrd to rejeal the hwa ol' last \«r,
 allowing the k* to deride bv a popnUr
 vote whether tbe traffic hi Lq U o» *baii om t*sr
 nutted m the State. 1
 The packet ship Welling*on, which tailed
 from New York on Wcdneediy fur linden,
 had about 10t).&lt;|00 on beard, and the Havre
 [ovkci twk out a cunaidorablo amount.
 John Qcincv Aoittsviaited the l*ark Th ea
 tre hist even.tig, ar.d wa* greeted in the ri.urt
 cn?hu«asUc utojunr by il.a crowded hou»«.
 Tho venerable f airiot made his
 just as the curtain bad ft'len on the first a t of
 •la Sotrx.tmbula.’ Ht waa immediately ro
 coiruixed by several gentlemen :n the fit.
 The honored i&gt;arn# passed in au instant over
 the bouse, and in*pi,ed by o;i« common im
 pulse. the auditory buiat u.to tliiee ccrthai
 sh »uts of welcome. Th* old mart eloqueM’
 bowe«l his aeknowLslgmcnts, and Rr.oihcr
 cheer shook t'le w all* ol tha Theatre. It woa
 altogetheji- v .e o! t'.e tiK-*t unaffected, siiiCGro
 ami thrilling exhibition* of fmtnotic feeling
 thi tW' ever witnessed, it was no expression
 of heated partisanship, but tho uptvntancou*
 nuuui* station of popular fiv e said rtvercnco for
 oiu? of the purest of American autcsuicn.—
 ,V. Y. ItUuhc.
Duron lation of VIRGINIA—The Park
 ersburg Caxi-tte inform* im that upwards of
 seventy emigrants, a few davs ago, passed
 through that tow n, from tha Valley of irgm
 la. an their way. with a large number of slaves,
 to Missouri, and the remainder to lowa. Thu*
 says the (iairtt.’, is irginia peopling other
 Stales, when s!'c ought to hold hor own, and
 attract immigration from abroad.
 The Norfolk Herald, in view of this depopu
 lation, invites emigrants from the North and
 East to fill up the places of the s'avchohkis,
 over whose departure it rejoices, and antici
 pates the day as a happy one wkcu they ahad
 all be gone.
M arriage. —The intervention of a priest or
 other ecclesiastical functionary, was not deem
 ed to a marriage, until the Coun
 cil of 1 rent, 140 ft. The celebrated decre*
 passed m that session, interdicting any mar
 riage otiierwi.re Shan in the presence of a
 priest, and, at least, two witnesses. But hor
 fore the time of Pope Innocent 111, (IblS.j
 there was no solemnization of marriage in tha
 church, but the bridegroom came to the bnde'a
 house and fid her home to his own, which
 was all the ecromonv then used. Banns were
 first directed to lie published by Canon Walter,
 in the year 1 ICO.— Cheeland lb raid.
The Kissing Beggar.. Among the beg
 gars who now frequent the principal hotels in
 New kork, is a little girl who obtains a liv
 ing by kissing, triie entered Rathbun's Ho
 tel, and stepping up to a number of genth men,
 bent down and kissed their hands, and then,
 with a beautiful smile playing over her coun
 tenance, sh«- held forth her own hand to receive
 the expected reward. Sho could not have
 been over five years of age, and must hav*
 departed with a good supply of pennies.
Gl ass Pens. —Wonders will never cease.—
 Glass is now made into all sorts of things.—
 There is cloth manufactured in England of
 glass, and it has even been used ns the main
 spring of a chronometer, ami answered well
 for such a purpose. But for a pen to be made
 of glass, who would have believed it 1 \•t it
 is so, and most excellent writing pens they
 arc. It is well known that with a flux of lead
 in combination wu*i the mkcoii, in right pro
 portions, glass ear. be made very ductile.
 Th'-se pens are w becoming not uncommon,
 ami they are perfectly anli-coirosivo by the
 most impure ink. —Sc itntificAimnan.
Car Paper. —This term, an abbreviation of
 foolscap, is th rived from the w ater mark in
 troduced upon paper by the Pirliamcnt of tho
 Commonwealth, which wa* a foal s cap and
 bells, in mockery of the Royal arms used as a
 water mark by (‘narks 1. Hence the term
 foolscap paper subsiding into cap.” i’ost
 paper was ko called iu coutradistinciion, h*&gt;-
 causc uM-d to send by post*’ or mail.— Dt-
 Iroit Free Fms.
As COCO AS IF IT WERE A’sOP. —Tho
 Nantucket Islander says that tho followir.g
 story was lately told In a reformed on briate,
 as an ajadogy for much of the folly of drunk
 ards
 A moio'p rrsnerinry nluuit a brewery, hajv*
 jiening to fall into a vat of beer, was in immi
 nent danger of drowning, and appealed to a
 4*;it to help him out. 1 h-&lt;? eat replied, ‘it is
 indeed a very foolish request, lor
 I get you out, I shall eat you.’ The mot)so
 piteously replied, ‘that fate would be better
 titan to be drowned m beer.’ The eat lilted
 him out, but the fumes of the beer caused
 puss to snt e»! and the mouse took refuge in
 his hole Tlio eat talk d upon the mouse to
 comeout you sir, did you not j riffiis-e that
 l shotiltl eat yo» T ‘Ah!’ replied the mome,
 but you know 1 was in liquor at the time!'
Heat Tirs or Lvst n f,.vu\ citiyera
 of Montioke, lowa, who were lately about to
 lynch some poor fellows for the murder of a
 man, wore jwetilinrly, ‘•.rtniT.'le in noi earn ir»g
 their unlaw li I puij-./Se into execution, St
 tiißi s out that the i*-ii&lt;&gt;w ttup|&gt;o.*ed to have been
 murdered, bad euh.«ted in th« 1 &gt;5. Army,
 and was at the Jeflereon lar/aoka; and it vv:i»
 only his resorting to a despicable triek—stain
 ing a hatchet Ac. through revenge—that any
 ono at all was accused of the murder.
llorr On.—Hope on, frail mortal What
 though thy path l»e rugged, md mh#wH with
 thorn.*/—thou hast or.lv to )*-rs&lt;-viT*\ arid tl.v
 reward awaits thee. Many dbvs and l ights,
 perhaps v* ais, bast thou struggled with adver
 sity.
 What though thou art rnor. despised r
 these, it may be. who an- thy inferiors in all
 save wealth What matter* it that thy short
 life is exjrf«ed to the rude Inters ..f, advoi **s
 fortune, if at last thou art ere.’. nr-d w.th im
 mortality, which those who ruddy tnjsh tie*
 ftOUi them think not of. Hope«»:» then in thy
 poverty—lie !.on&lt;ft in thy humility—aapira la
 be truly great by lx uig truly good.
 Exerct**. —Throughout all nature, want
 of motion indcates weakness, corruption, in
 animation awl death. Trenck, in- his dsutp
 pr son, l&gt;w| oi alxmt like a how, in hm f« *ters
 of seven!v pound* wt-cht, in orber to pr&lt;,s»rva
 l,*» (icaltii; a*. I ac. illustrious physician ob
 serve* I know not which is most n, eetsnrv
 for the support of the human frame—fond &lt;&gt;r
 motion. Were the rEcrcisra of the body at
 tended to in a co: responding degtce wi«h that
 of th»* mind, men of lemming would lie more
 healthy and vigorous—of more general talents
 —of more ample practical knowledge; more
 happy in their demesne lives more enterpr.-
 sirg sod attached to the'r dut-cs as men. Ir
 fine, with propriety it rear lie ea&gt;d that t|. t
 highest refinement of the mbvl, w ithout ;rn
 provetnent of tbe hodv, can never poaei.;
 anything more th»n hr If a human be.’ig.’*
Pursy ixc,—finejrrati has a larger power
 j/re*»s printing efree than can be found in H&lt;»-
 tc.ir. One e&gt;ta!*ln| meet ha* r ice f A dsn.*’
 power pte**e* running, four of them with sll
 the late improvements, and all propelled by
 water jower.
East I nth a Cotick.-— Tho exporter eot
 tofi from Bombay to Gfeat Uniaiti, e.ieh of
 the past Vftrt, tins *a follow*:—18-15, Kb.Wfl
 bale*; ‘g;e, 42,77 Q lak*; 1647, 151,7t&lt;i
 lialua.
"
