"FRF.DF.RirK DOUGLASS. 1
 M. K. DF.IANV, Editor*
VOL. 11. NO. *24.
h NORTH STAR it published CTfrf
 Fndnr, at No. 25, Roflalo Street,
 (tppnnlf fV Arcafit
 TERMS.
 fwo dollar* per annum, m adtxuu*. No
 rucription will I* rtv*ir*l for a u*m* than
 month*.
 A&lt;ivc(ii*&gt;iiiei|[» ih&gt;( rxrtydinK (#&gt;n bn*** ia*&lt;*rt»
 rw* tin* 1 for ohr dollar: rrm injur-j
 twenty-fivi rent■
 The object ot the North Si ar will he to attack
 m ah n* form* ar.d t;* ft*; advocate
 i tin r&gt;ai Umi'i ifui'o v.ili the -.tandaid
 ot Public M'&gt;rai.itt; promote the moral and in
 leilectuai impiovetnea* of tiw t'ot.oni i* I’i.oplE;
 and luutteri the da* I KEEDOM to the I HREF
 MtLLio.it of &gt;*in K'*t.AVf.it Fm row t orn
 i R *t
 prill.ishfu's noth ks
 '±y- Alt rommsmiraiiott* rrl,«iig{ to the tmmmr**
 mtuttm hi it if paper, notiw-x of *itbacr»hcr? rernit
 lAir.-x &amp;i-., hr addreASed to JoHI Dirk, I
 I ijhlj*lt»*r.
 and ail other* -ending nanttr, are
 i qtM xi»&lt;t to tie accurate, and give the Pont Oflict,
 tUe t minty, :mii the Stab Kub Sulwterilter is im
 uie.ilately credited for money tereived.
 fxy Any [M-r.om fcemliiij! iu the payment for four
 #uhseriltere, to lie forwarded to one addre-s, may
 In re a fifth copy for one year.
 yy Ail letter* and roiiiiimniealhois most lie post
 p od.
 I.IS I OF AGENTS.
 Mavui husktts.— R F. Walentt, 21 Corahill,
 H i ton; Nathan JoltiMon. New Bedford Horatio\N
 Fo*ter, Lowell; James Y Btiffmn, Lvun; George
 i.ins, \V oreester Bourne Spooner, Plvinouth;
 C.taih' H. Seth, Springfield; David Haggle?,
 Northampton; 11. Gar|&gt;eiiter, I pton.
 Maim —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 \f ftMo\r, —Rowland T. Robinson, North Per*
 i isbnnr
 'on i Tit nr.—Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Nf w II v wf&gt;hirr. —Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 Ni w York.—Sydney H. flay. 142, Nassau
 Street; James MrCiine Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Hiieen County; Mary Har
 p r, \ll«anv; Klias Dotv, Macedon; Willetts Keese,
 Peru, Clinton Comitv William S. Baltimere, Troy;
 J. F. Piatt, IVnn A nn; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Plait, Bath.
 Rh&lt;H*» Ist, ami.—Amarancy Paine, Providence.
 I'rwsvi.v im\*—J. M. M'Kim, 31, .North Fifth
 Street. Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place,Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Win. Whipper,
 C .lumbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Faxon, Norris
 town, Montgomen County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New- Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 son and Gaines. Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veys' etigh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Mich jo an.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indian a.—Joel I*. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
 ...cl
 I
 INTI-SLAVERY IN SCOTLAND.
 The Scottish Press gives the following re- J
 port of a discussion that recently took place in:
 the synod of the 1 ailed Presbyterian Church
 of Scotland. The subject of American Sla-:
 very came up on the rolling of a letter front
 the Associate Reformed Church of America,
 addressed to the United Presbyterian Synod of I j
 Scotlahd, accompanying a preamble and res-j t
 elution affirming tile oneness ol scntiment.be-,
 tween the American ahd* Scottish Chutehes. 1
 After leading the letter and resolution— 1
 j t
 Mr. Thomas stated that thiscommu-'
 meat ion had had a prominent place
 signed to it in the business ot the Syn
 od; from the conviction that the matter
 would very likely be sent to a commit-
 tee to say what ought to be done in re
 gard to it.
 Mr. Benton. Kelso, said they must,
 ail have listened with interest to this
 communication from a branch of the
 church in America, that had peculiar:
 claims to their parental regard, but he!
 dared sav that all w ho attended to the j
 perusal of the document must have de-j
 sideraled what they had not lound,;
 namely, some expression on the sub-1
 ject of Slavery. (Approbation.) There’
 was a total—an ominous, and he might j
 perhaps add. a disgraceful silence on
 that point. They, as a church, stood;
 committed honorably, and solitary as a 1
 preshyterian church, and he hoped
 clearly to the position ol holding no
 fellowship with slave-holding, or slave
 countenancing churches. (Applause.)
 He accorded with the proposal of the
 clerk of bills, that they should appoint
 a committee to whom this letter should
 be referred, and lie threw out these ob
 servations that, whatever committee
 might he appointed, they might view
 the matter in connection w ith this fixed
 position of the church; and, while he
 thought they should return a Christian
 and a friendly answer, they should re
 turn a faithful answer in regard to this
 matter.
 Mr. John monk, Leslie, said, al
 though Ins view was that an answer of
 peace should be returned to this com
 munication, they should also return an
 answer of remonstrance regarding the!
 position and principles of that church, j
 He should have wished for more dis-f
 tinct information respecting their views
 and position on the question, of one
 man holding property in another man,
 and having in his power to carry him
 to the market and sell him. 1 hey j
 the United Presbyterian) could not
 hold any communion with parties
 holding these principles and adopting
 these practices of admitting to the com
 munion of a Christian Church, and to*
 all the privileges of Christianity those:
 who hold a property iu man, and those
 who, though professedly followers of
 the Lord Je.su* Christ and u part of his
 body, used their fellow-men as-beasts
 of burden, and treating them as the
 lower animal?
 Uk. Yoi no, Perth, very much con
 curred iu the sentiments just spoken.
 He felt deeply the radical defect in the
 communication, but in musing over it,
 it had struck him us a very providen
 tial opening to take some steps in that*
 matter. Here was something inviting
 them forward as a Synod to make a
 statement, and perhaps make a remon
 strance at a date in the history of that
 abominable traffic, when they would
 have more force than at any prior date
 of their dealing with the question. He
 confessed he rejoiced in the oppor
 tunity; and he believed the committee
 would suggest such a reply to the let
 ter as would at least show their faithful
 ness and exonerate them as a Synod,:
THE NORTH STAR.
and very probably do more. That
 church in America waa not a aery large
 one, and he had an impression that it
 would be found that thin branch of the
 church in America were lean under the
 influence of that ayatem than many
 others; and they were probably in a
 position to be dealt with by them.
 Their haada perhaps were not ao fool
 as some others, and be did anticipate
 in the&lt;act of these providential circum
 stances, their being called on to do
 something which might show their aver
 sion to that system, and which might
 put them into a communication that
 might be uaeful to themselves, and more
 useful to the church in America about
 some collateral matters.
 Mr. Pringle, Newcastle,, said he
 very much agreed with Dr. Young as
 to the course they ought to take on
 thi-i question in regard to their relations
 with the churches in America. He
 hoped no step would be proposed or
 undertaken by any individual member
 which would have the slightest tendency
 to stultify themselves as to their recog
 nition of, or associating with American
 churches, and that they would act pre
 cisely on the faith of the declaration
 adopted by the court in regard to com
 munication with the churches in Ame
 rica. But when they looked at the
 date of the communication (November
 1*17,) it was not to he overlooked that
 the position of this great question in
 America was at this moment in a very
 different and a much more hopeful state
 than it was when that letter was writ
 ten. He was sure it would he satis
 factory to each one of them to know
 that there was at this moment going on
 a movement amongst the leading
 churchmen and the leading statesmen
 in America in that great controversy;
 and whereas, but a few years ago, any
 attempt to introduce the question would
 have been put down by force, the pub
 lic and even the Congress were now
 compelled to entertain the question, and
 it had been proposed very recently to
 take up the question whether Congress
 should, by its own legislation, take the
 first step in the matter by the emanci
 pation of the slaves in the state of Col
 umbia—a state which was, strictly
 speaking their own. There the slave’s
 cries were within the reach of the hall
 during debate, and often might be
 heard the sound of the lash inflicted on
 the slave, and the cry of torture wrung
 from the victim, keeping in view, con
 nected with the date of the communica
 tion. whose silence on the subject ot
 slavery he deprecated as much as Mr.
 Kenton, that the churches felt now com
 pelled to consider the question, he
 thpught the best course would be to ap
 point a committee to consider fte ietter
 ahd. correspond with the ad
 dressing" them, and also to consider
 whether they could recognise a sister
 hood with the church and Maintain that
 correspondence, and let the committee
 report.
 Mr. Kennedy, Selkirk, said
 there was even in the
 churches in America a strong preju
 dice against people of color. They did
 not use them as Christians and equals,
 but held them as inferior in many
 senses of the word; and he had often
 thought it was a great blot on the
 Christian character of the churches in
 the non-slaveholding states, that they
 did not recognise people of color as
 equal to the whites. He would like to
 know if that prejudice prevailed in the
 church in question.
 Mr. Thomas said the main object of
 the committee would be to inquire into
 j facts, and consider what answer they
 could give to this letter, and shape
 their answer according to what they
 ascertained. Now there were authen
 tic documents in the possession of the
 church bearing upon the subject. Up
 to 1847, there were only two bodies in
 America that absolutely repudiated sla
 very—the Associate Reformed Church,
 and the Old Reformers; but there was
 a dispute that took place, and was now
 going on, whether the Associate Re
 formed Church was entitled to claim
 the character of being one of these non
 slavery churches. They did claim this
 by profession, but they did not do it ju
 dicially and though the Synod of the
 south was implicated, they said that
 Svnod was independent in its action.
 The other Synods, however, acted with
 it in various ways, but they were less
 tainted, if not quite free from taint,
 than other of the churches in America,
 with the exceptions noticed.
 A committee was then appointed to
 consider the letter, and to report.
 HEETINGB IN NEW YORK
 Vou can scarce imagine a more
 motley spectacle than was presented by
 i our city the last week. It was the
 grand Pentecost of the churches; de
 vout and zealous men from the most
 distant borders were gathered in our
 Jerusalem; and if no cloven tongues of
 flame sat in the midst of them, there
 f was every variety of utterance, from
 s the polished eloquence of the classical
 i Bostonian, to the rude speech of the
 s i emancipated slave trom Kentucky.
 The weather was one of those long
 drizzly, chilling joint and marrow
 searching rains, with which the month
 of May is often ushered in, in our ami
 able climate; and it required all the pa
 ticnce of Job, and the zeal of one of the
 n Boanerges, to brave the. unkindness of
 j the elements, for the oratory ot an an
 i! nnal meeting. Few, however, showed
 the white feather on this occasion, and
 t every place of meeting was crowdedwith
 I unseated listeners, from the huge di-
 I I meustons of the Broadway Tabernacle,
 ;jto the little negro chapel in Marion
 Street.
 In the midst of this array of piety and
 •j benevolence, you saw the tnfamoua
 1 placards on every conspicouus place,
 j with which it was attempted to enkindle
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALU AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
the passions of the populace, and arouse
 them to deeds of violence against a por
 tion of their fellow-citizens. The steps
 of men seemed checked by some unseen
 power on that fatal da/; the/ scarce!
 spoke above their breath; every heart!
 portended some fearful catastrophe;'
 and as the night began to fall, the
 sound of military preparation mingled
 with the voices of the anniversary speak-:
 era, and soon the assemblages in the
 vicinity of Astor Place were thrown in
 to confusion by the hoarse and horrible
 uproar of the gathering mob. Such a
 union of the noblest purposes and the
 most infernal deeds, of good men intent
 on the accomplishment of extensive
 good to humanity, and of furious mis- 1
 creants filled with the worst spirit of
 mai}*aity vengear. was never be-,
 fore witnessed in our city.
 The anniversary meetings of the
 week were attended with less excite
 ment, perhaps with less interest, than
 usual; but still the reports of the var
 ious societies were, almost without ex
 ception, of a very encouraging charac
 ter, and their leading advocates appear
 ed gifted with zeal and devotedness to
 their great purposes.
 Among the sermons of the week,
 that of I)r. Barnes, (or Albert Barnes,
 I should say, as he persistently eschews
 the D. D.,) of Philadelphia, before the
 Home Missionary Society, w&gt;as most
 worthy of notice. It was an elaborate,
 argumentative reply, in fact, to the
 views presented last year, on the same
 occasion, by Rev. Dr. Bushnell, in re
 gard to the progress of civilization at
 the West. Mr. Barnes has a heavy,
 dreamy, unconscious manner, more re
 sembling a soliloquy than a popular ad
 dress; but, in spite of this, there is an
 air of such earnestness and sincerity
 in what he puts forth, there is such evi
 i dence of careful and profound thought,
 that he easily takes possession of his
 audienefe, and irresistibly stamps them
 with his own convictions.
 The American Anti-Slavery Society
 drew together a large, very attentive
 and orderly, though as usual, some
 what promiscuous assemblage in the
 Tabernacle. There were not so many
 antagonistic elements in the meeting as
 has heretofore been the case; the com
 pany of scoffers, idlers, and disturbers
 of the peace, was reduced almost to in
 visibility; while the pervading tone of
 the meeting, though it could hot but be
 bold, decided, and uncompromising,
 was far from the extravagance and of
 fensive denunciations which have so
 often left an unfavorable impression on
 the minds of considerate,.discriminating
 spectators. Parker Pillsburjr spoke
 like a Christian—strotig, free, direct—
 boldly rebuking thfc churches for their
 criminal apathy anff
 half of the slave, but abstaining frpm,
 those flippant innuendoes whiefi hafce
 led many to accuse him of irreverence,
 and some, of infidelity. The great at- 1
 traction of this meeting, however, as,
 well as that of two meetings of the
 Anti-Capital-Punishmeat Societies, wqj
 the flowing finished classical eloquence
 of Wendell Phillips. I heard it remark
 ed, by rather an eccentric critic, that 1
 Phillips was admirable, perfect in his
 kind, but was altogether destitute of the r
 row’dy element in his composition—that,
 he did not know how to use either to
 baco or profane language. The latter
 accomplishments, however are of such,
 easy attainment, that one cannot great
 ly regret their absence Tn the distin
 guished Massachusetts orator. It is true
 that Phillips never forgets his taste or!
 his breeding; he is always the gentle-■
 man, however vehement, or even fierce,
 his denunciations; and you might look
 in vain, during his most tempestuous
 harangues, for a Haw in his enuncia
 tion, his emphasis, or his illustrations,
 in the arrangement of his sentences, or
 the construction of his argument. But,
 this very characteristic gives him an
 immense power with a popular audi
 ence.
 It is a great mistake to suppose that
 the people, even the most uncultivated
 and ignorant, are fond of coarseness,
 vulgarity, or any expression of bad
 taste, in a public speaker. They de
 mand strength, vivacity, wit, feeling;
 but they like it all the better when pre
 sented in a beautiful form; and when
 left to their choice, prefer the graceful
 drapery of a masterly artist, to the
 grotesque costume of a Harlequin.
 The slang of David Crockett is list
 ened to with curiosity by all classes,
 for any manifestation of life, originali
 ty, native power, is interesting; but
 after all, it is the polished eloquence of
 Henry Clay that commanns the most
 permanent influence, and, in the long
 run, the most universal admiration.
 For my part, I cannot but rejoice that
 such a mau as Phillips, with his
 classical taste, his thorough education,
 his courtly manners, his fine, spontane
 ous eloquence, is found among the
 ranks who are coatending for univer
 sal freedom, social reform, and the
 advancement of Humanity. I perceive
 that he made a very strong impression
 at all the meetings whe be spoke, and
 that even those who are most at war
 with hia principles could not withhold
 their testimony from the charms of his
 eloquence and the tnanly dignity of his
 bearing.— Ca rr .Vsf. Ere.
 F.tiitorial Connerpomlesce of U»e X Y. Triliane.
 LAND-SELLING—TENNESSEE—
 r characteristics.
 1 Sandusky, Ohio, May 20, 1819.
 1 j There is no other class whose posi
 i' tion so strongly appeals to the sytnpa
 (hies of the honest and humane as the
 j poor Immigrants who from Europe in
 i thousands are seeking homes on our
 shores, or who are trying to escape
 1 the slavery and constant anxiety of the
 condition of hirelings in our own older
 communities by removing to iaods o(
 I their own in the now States or in the
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 1849.
more thinly settled portions of the older.
 If there be one business which more
 than others requires the constant
 watchfulness of the generous, it is that
 of Land-Selling—the exaction of mo
 ney from poor and ignorant men for
 patches of distant wilderness which
 they have never seen, sad which they
 will hardly have ability to escape from,
 if, when they shall have reached them,
 they prove utterly unsuited to their ne
 cessities and unlike the representations
 which beguiled them into purchasing.
 In the-light of these manifest truths,
 I ask attention to the following ex
 pose:
 For some time back, systematic and
 not wholly unsuccessful efforts have
 been made in New-York to find pur
 chasers for wild lands in Tennessee
 most of them in or near the region
 which I am about to describe. Meet
 ing an old and trusty friend yesterday
 in the cars hitherward from Cincinnati,
 and learning that he was on his return
 from visiting some of these Tennessee
 wild lands, I sought information of
 i him respecting their value and charac
 ter. and this is the substance of his
 account of them:
 My friend went out as the agent ot
 a relative in Boston, who had been
 constrained to accept a conveyance ot
 25,000 acres of these Tennessee Lands
 in satisfaction of a debt of $B,OOO due
 him by a bankrupt now deceased. The
 lands are situated in Fentress County,
 on the north line of the State (next to
 Kentucky,) and were duly laid down
 on a Map as lying in the valley of the
 Cumberland River, with the Cumber
 land Mountains in the distance, and the
 routes of the two great Rail-roads
 which are expected to lead from Ten
 nessee to the Atlantic, through Georgia
 and South Carolina respectively, cros
 sing each other directly in the midst ot
 them. Such were a part of the land
 selling representations. Now for the
 facts:
 In the first place, nearly the whole
 of Fentress, and of several Counties
 east and west of it, lies, not beside,
 but upon the Cumberland range oi
 mountains, which substantially divide
 the better portions of Tennessee from
 those of Kentucky. The average
 elevation of this County is some 2,000
 feet above the Cumberland River,
 which barely skirts it op the north.
 Jamestown, the County seat, is directly
 on the summit of the mountains, which
 is broad and. sufficiently level, but
 some 4,000 feet above tide-water. The
 soil is a thin, poor, gravelly sand, an
 nually impoverished by burning over
 »in order to destroy the leaves and* fin
 derbrush so as to afford range for the
 stuntedrhogs and sheep which are the
 main subsistence of tne peopld. Tnd*
 timber is almost entirely Pitch Pine
 and Scrub Oak of varie.-
 ty known as Black Jack* and no man
 acquainted with timber need be told
 that such timber grows only on the
 poorest and most hopeless soils. Thefe
 is a little Chestnut, which tells the
 same story. The substratum is entire
 ly sandstone, rising from the limestone
 valleys running some twenty to
 miles on either side by very steep,
 often precipitous ascents of three hun
 dred to a thousand feet each, which
 could only be overcome by a railroad
 at an enormous cost, if they could be
 at ail; but in fact there has been no
 serious intention of running any rail
 road within many miles of this County.
 The crossing of the two great Rail
 roads in Fentress is simply a land
 speculators’ swindle, designed to entrap
 the credulous and unwary.
 There is of course very little hus
 bandry or thrift in such a region.
 Hunting is the chief reliance, there
 being many deer in the scarcely broken
 forests. Tar-burning has been a con
 siderable resource, in spite of the
 remoteness of markets and the cost of
 reaching them with a product so bulky
 in proportion to its value, but it is now
 nearly abandoned, either from exhaus
 tion of the material or a diminished
 price of the product. A very little
 grain and a few vegtables are grown;
 some flax also, from which and the
 wool of their 9heep the people are
 mainly clad in the coarsest home-spun.
 The flesh of sheep, hog 9 and deer
 form the principal food; the moun
 taineer carrying his gun with him on
 every occasion, just as the cit may
 carry his cane. Fighting and hunting
 —traditions of Indian conflicts and the
 more recent glories of the Mexican
 1 War—the ability of the South to whip
 the North— intermingled with accounts
 of personal skill in deer-slaughtering
 form the chief topics of masculine
 conversation.
 I Yevy few’ slaves are held in the
 Mountain region, as they could not be
 made profitable—indeed, the whole
 population, white and black, ot James
 town, the County seat of Feutrew,
 numbers exactly fifty-three while the
 County may have twelve hundred to
 two thousand—yet the devotion of the
 I leaders of opinion to Slaveiy is as fan
 atical as if they were able to own
 Slaves—very likely, more so Very
 rarely seeing a newspaper and thoee
 I they see being entirely of *e Southern
 Loco Foco school to which thev are
 politically attached, their minds are
 filled by the stump bareoguers whom
 i politics occasionally send among them,
 I With notions that the North is constant
 ly plotting to subvert their constitution
 iMrighu, di»»l*e.h« lJi..«i&gt;, rt« 4
 would l*e to owd
 I'he, could effurd to. Thue Ute, .re
 i taught to regurd *U tumue,. u
 I the, cull indifferently EorepeuM end
 I people frwn the Free wiU
 dirtrurt end hatred hardly «T»u«d b,
 their traditional bortdn, GW
 To vote for Democracy, fight nv Slifi*
 ry, repel all ‘Foreign’ iotru««o. aad
 ,4,1,. .11 projecti of uuoTattou aad
improvement, are the cardinal maxima
 of these people. No Burke, no Met
 ternich, no Eldon,no Autocrat Nicholas,
 could beat them at conservatism. ‘We
 are.mountaineers, and attached to our
 own ways, is the spirit of their res
 ponse to all suggestion of improvement-
 This people have many virtues—
 courage, independence, patriotism,
 frankness, hospitality, and general in
 tegrity. Should the country ever be
 seriously menaced with invasion, every
 cabin woild send forth its deadly rifle, j
 every mountain-gorge its file of un
 erring and death-despising marksmen.
 We do not under-value them because
 on many points we didely differ from
 them. What we wish to make plain is
 simply the impossibility that people ac
 customed to a higher civilization should
 be satisfied to lire as they do or should
 make among them even the livelihood
 with which they are contented. To
 live there, one should be trained from i
 babyhood to stop a flying deer at a
 hundred yards, sighting the rifle at the
 very instant of raising it from the!
 ground. This County of Fentress has j
 probably (been settled some forty or
 fifty years, by people who came in
 when game and pitch were more abun
 dant than now—who probably came
 here from the Atlantic Slope of the;
 Alleghenies, in Georgia or the Caroli-I
 nas. where their fathers had beenj
 mountaineers before them. In this old
 County there is not the beginning of a
 Church, and there is only preaching
 once a month in the Court House,
 which cannot boast a pane of glass,
 and which was in undisputed possession
 of two sows and their litters of pigs
 when my friend visited it. Public,
 Schools there are none, and not more
 than one private one in the County, if
 any. Very few dwellings have a pane
 of glass, or even a sash for one—the
 rude opening for light in one side o.
 the log hut is closed with a ruder shut
 ter, kept fastened by a rail leaning
 against it from without. There are
 girls thinking of marriage who never
 saw a pane of glass. Of course the
 door of the hut is kept constantly open
 for light, and the wind blowing in sends
 the smoke every way through the nar
 row tenement, rendering the process
 of drying to a wet traveler anything
 but agreeable. Surrounded by good j
 fuel, to be had close to the door for the i
 cutting, the people probably suffer as
 much from cold as the veriest poor ot
 our Northern cities.
 There may be a saw-mfM in Fentress,
 though our friend ssw none, and no
 auunbf the existence of any. A grist
 mm (hf re probably is no*; and sead,
 is ofteoest made of corn pounded in a
 mortar. Cojning into a region..
 somewhat less forlorn, our informant
 passed a grist-mill exhibiting some pe
 culiarities. It consisted of a jingle
 pair of stones surrounded by four posts
 ten feet apart, supporting a rude roof.
 This was the whole structure; the bags i
 and toll-chest were disposed about the'
 stones as they best might be. A rain
 accompanied by strong wind would
 probably soak half the concern; but
 water is always added to meal in mak
 ing bread, and they don’t keep meal
 very long in this region.
 Our friend approached Fentress (on
 horseback) from the south, via Nash
 ville and journeyed thence Northward,
 to Lexington, some hundred and fifty,
 to two hundred miles. He was sur
 prised to find the region of comparative
 barbarism extend from fifty to sixty
 miles below the Tennessee line nearly
 a hundred miles into Kentucky, or to
 within fifty miles of Lexington. Fen
 tress was of course worse than the
 rest, civilization receding as he ap
 proached the mountains and regaining
 its influence as he left them behind; j
 but the picture here sketched has many;
 lineaments common to great portions of J
 Kentucky and Tennessee.
 Hard-handed toilers from the Old
 States! fugitives from the grinding op- J
 pressions of Europe! let me implore,
 you to buy no land on the mere dis
 cription of the seller, none without
 seeing or having it examined by a
 trusty friend, and none anywhere
 merely because it is cheap. There is
 an abundance of land which would be
 very dear at sixpence an acre—very
 much from which you could not ex-'
 tract a comfortable livelihood though
 you had a thousand acres given you.
 My friend estimates that the greater
 portion of Fentress County might be
 bought at five cents per acre, and be
 a dear bargain at that. He is now on
 bis way home to advise the gentleman'
 whose agent he is never to pay the
 100 taxes due on his 25,00 acres,
 but let it go to the State and the wild
 beasts who are its proper inhabitants.
 If. o.
 f
 Annexation or Ccba. —A Mr T.j
 Reynolds, late Secretary of Legation
 to the Court of Madrid, has been pub- 1
 fishing some developments in refer
 ence to the plots of this government for
 tba annexation of Cuba. It appears,
 that Mr. Saunders, our minister to the
 Spanish government, had been instruc
 ted by President Polk to sound the
 Spanish Minister upon the subject, j
 and prepare the way for a negociatiou.
 Mr. Saunders conceived the idea of
 guaranteeing the Spanish debt to Eng-1
 land, taking a mortgage on Cuba for
 security, rather than that England
 should get possession of the island. As
 that debt is three hundred and fifty
 millions of dollars, our Secretary
 thought this was going it rather too
 strong, but thought it was pfssible that
 the Minister was only acting by orders
 from the highest source. Still Mr. R. j
 felt bound to use all his abilities in pre
 venting the great consummation contem
 plated by Messrs. Polk Sc Co. As a
 Democrat, he coßpeivad that such a
 thing should not he done without being
submitted to the people; but bis great
 reason was, that if Cuba was annexed,
 men of a hue or so too dark might get
 into high political station. He says:
 *1 felt bound, as a Southern man, and
 indeed as an .American, to look to the
 terms of any proposed annexation of
 Cuba; for in that event, by the decision
 of the United States Supreme Court in
 the case of the Anustad, about one
 half of the Slaves of Cuba would be
 freed; and as the laws ot that island
 make no distinction between the free
 whites and the free blacks, the South
 and the Union might find in their bo
 som a free negro Commonwealth, clai
 ming the right to send freed slaves as
 Senators to our Congress unless proper
 provisions were made in or previous to
 the conclusion of the treaty, to secure
 the present de facto position of the white
 population of Cuba.’
 f Frum th#* N. O. lVlta, ot Mac 10
 STATE OF AFFAIRS IN
 CALIFORNIA.
 The following letter from an intelli
 gent merchant of this city, who went
 from Panama to •California m the
 i California, gives the most clear, con
 nected and graphic description we have
 yet read, of the CQOiUiion of affairs in
 j the new El Dorado ’The
 j the writer enables us to vouch for the
 I perfect accuracy of his statements.—
 .V. F. Evangelist.
 San Francisco, March, 3, 1840.
 A most singular state of things pre
 vails here. It i 9, I believe, without
 precedent in the history of the world.
 The cold weather and snow have driven
 all the miners from the mines into this
 place and Monterey. They are devis
 ing ail sorts of inodes of spending their
 gold and killing time, of which gamb
 ling appears to be the most in vogue.
 In fact, there is nothing geing on here
 but gambling and drinking. Every
 thing is selling very high at retail;
 wholesale prices are more moderate.
 There are in this harbor about forty
 merchant vessels, ships, brigs, schrs.
 many with cargoes aboard, there being
 but few places on shore for storage.
 The greater portion of these vessels
 are from the South American Pacific
 coast, and are freighted with flour and
 assorted dry goods and groceries; some
 are from the**Saitdwicn Islands, with
 sugar, fruit, &amp;c. The variety of flags
 among the shipping strikes one with
 surprise—there are American, Eng
 lish, Hungarian, Spanish, French,
 German, Ecuador, Peruvian, Chilian,
 Russian and Mexifan vessfta, all hud
 dled together.* Nearly all the vessels
 in post aq| without men*, their su&gt;.
 bint and stowed away in the hold, with
 .perhaps the captain and mate aboard
 *as sbip-Keepers. Tire conditon of .the
 ships here is like thut-of the ugty sin
 ners described by Virgil, who crossed
 {he river Styx, and were condemned to
 wander forever on its hanks, looking
 in vain for the means of recrossing it.
 It is probable that we shall have "all
 the Company’s steamers here in a
 hunch, like a box of bad herrings. It
 would be no easy matter to frame an
 advertisement, as to the probable date
 of the California’s departure. Sail
 ors have offered to ship for Oregon, or
 on short trips to southern ports, for
 $lOO per month. Jack appears to|
 delight in the atmosphere of California,
 and generally refuses to go beyond its,
 influence. All we beard in the States!
 about the gold mines is fully confirmed
 here. There is gold in abundance.
 All who go to the mines do well—somej
 return with fortunes; new discoveries!
 are made every day. The millennium,
 so far as plenty of gold is concerned,
 cannot be far off. That this mining*
 region, so extensive and so rich, andj
 traveled over by Indians for hundreds'
 of years, should so long have remained t
 a secret, is certainly astonishing. I,
 have seen a single lump ot gold found;
 near the the “Middle Fork," valued at
 $2460. I might regale you with other
 gold 9tories, but I fear you would think
 me somewhat flighty, from the effects
 of the quinine which I took on the.
 Isthmus to cure me of the Panama fev-!
 er, which, by the by, did not leave me
 until I made the latitude of Upper]
 California.
 Flour has been sold at the mines at*
 $4 per lb. $BOO per I*l*l shoes $5O)
 per pair; pants $4O; whiskey or brandy
 $2 a drink, .and not allowed to help*
 yourself. Prices are now a little re
 duced, though yet very high, hut will
 fait considerably on arrival ot the stocks
 from the States; yet, I believe all!
 will do a fair business. Transporta
 tion hence to settlers on the Sacramen
 to is terribly high; $l2 per bbl. for
 flour, $4B for pork, and other things
 m proportion. A paltry launch of a
 few tons earns $l2OO or $l5OO in a
 few days. Oh! for a steamboat, a flat
 boat, or anything with a steam-engine
 in it! I saw $BOOO refused for an old!
 leaky launch of about six tons, which
 might sell in the States for ?»100 or
 $l5O. There are plenty of foreign
 schooners here, but Commodore Jones
 will not allow them to run up the
 Sacramento, hence the high rates of,
 transportation.
 A small iron steamer, to run coast
 wise between here and Oregon, on the
 north, and &gt;aa Diego, San Angelos,!
 Monterey, lac., on the south, would do
 i a splendid business. As the existence
 'of coal in this region is doubtful, a
 steamer should be so built that wood
 might be used to make steam.
 I aui greatly disappointed m the
 much vaunted climate of San Francis
 co. Since my arrival, the weather has
 been very disagreeable, chilly and
 cold; and the worst of H is, that it re
 mains so during the entire summer. I
 Jam writing in my slate-room on board
 the California, ray cloak wrapped
 around me, and rav hands and feet as
 coM as charity, snow mar be seen
JOHN DICK, Pc stunt*
WHOLE NO. 76.
upou the distant mount mb* and hills, in
 almost every direetioo. In the* town
 winter clothing is required the wboh
 year round. Paring the summer the
 mornings are warm and pleasant until
 ten o'clock, when the usual winds from
 the north set in, changing the weather
 to a piercing cold. Confound such a
 climate* lam told, however, that a
 short distance from the coast the climate
 is more genial Several new towns,
 Bemad, Stockton, etc. situated at the
 head of the bay, are coming into
 notice.
 lam of the opinion that this place
 is not favorably situated for a large
 commercial city. Besides the uaplee
 santness of the cold winds, there n no
 wood in the vicinity, and all provisions
 from the country are brought a IjO|
 distance and at a heavy expense
 These disadvantages are not encoun
 tered by the towns located at the hoad
 of the bay. Notwithstanding these
 disadvantages, lots here continue to
 advance. Property, which a short
 time ago sold for hundreds, now brings
 thousands.
 Government pays ten thousand dol
 lars a year rent for a good-for-nothing
 little warehouse, which would not rent
 in New-Orleans for five hundred dol
 lars. The most miserable shed of a
 dwelling-house rents for fifteen to
 twenty-five hundred dollars a year.
 The town is surrounded by high naked
 hills, and the flat or inclination at the
 base is so narrow, that there is not
 room to build a city of any magnitude,
 unless by cutting away the hills.
 Commodore Jones is here with the
 Ohio (74,) sloops* St. Mary, Warren,
 Dale, Preble, and the store-ships Re
 lief and Southampton. The rainy
 season is not yet over. It will proba
 bly continue until the first of next
 month. In the meantime the miners
 are getting ready for another cam
 paign.
 It is said that the roads are so bad
 that the communications are closed be
 tween Sutter’s Fort and the mines. 1
 shall start for the “gold regions” the
 last of this month.
 i neard that an official survey of the
 gold regions is to be made during the
 summer. Things cannot remaio long
 as they now are. The mines must be
 sold, leased, or worked by the Govern
 ment; which latter 1 do not think ceuld
 Re done. Immense fortunes will no
 doubt be realiq|d from the mines.
 Gold is worth here from fifteen tq six
 teen dollar?*, the ounce—there is plenty
 of silver, and qp demand for it.
 H. E. R.
 a
 -Norwegian Water Telescopes.-
 An instrument Which thejieople of Nor
 way have found of so great utilifynhat
 there is scarcely a single fishing-boat
 without one, is the water telescope or
 tube, of three or four feet in length,
 which they carry in their boats with
 them when they go out a fishing, when
 they reach the fishing ground, they im
 merse one end of this telescope in the
 water, and look through the glass,
 which shows objects some ten or fifteen
 fathoms deep as distinctly as if they
 were a few feet from the surface; by
 which means, when a shoal offish come
 into their bays, the Norwegians instant
 ly prepare their nets, man their boats,
 and go out in pursuit. The first pro
 cess is minutely to survey the ground
 with their glasses, and where they find
 the fish swarming about in great num
 bers, they give the signal, and sur
 round the fish with large draught nets,
 and often catch hundreds at a haul
 Without these telescopes, their* busi
 ness would otten prove precarious and
 unprofitable, as the fish by these
 glasses are as distinctly seen in the
 Jeep clear sea of Norway as gold-fish
 m a crystal jar. This instrument is
 not ouly used by the fisherman, but it
 is also found aboard the navy and coast
 ing vessels of Norway. When their
 anchors get into foul ground, or the ca
 bles warped on roadstead, they imme
 diately apply the glass, and guided by
 it, take steps to put all to rights, which
 they could not do so well without the
 aid of the rude and simple instrument,
 which the meanest fisherman can make
 up with his own hands, without the aid
 of a craftsman.—This instrument has
 been lately adopted by the Scotch fish
 ermen on the Tay, and by its assistance
 they have been enabled to discover
 stones, and uneven ground, over which
 their nets travel, and hvae found the
 telescope answers to admiration, tho
 most minute object in twelve feat of
 water being as clearly seen as on the
 surface.—We see no reason why it
 could not be used with advantage in the
 rivers and bays of the United Staten.
 Smollett a sd Saw-somes.— The ap
 prentice of a surgeon having, in n frol
 ic with Smollett, deserted bis post at
 the mortar one night, and left the sur
 gery for a few minutes, was, on his re
 turn, sharply reprimanded by the son of
 Galen for his conduct. Young Saw
 hones, in extenuation of hia crime,
 pleaded that he had been hit by a snow
 ball, and bad gone out in pursuit of
 the 1 person who threw it. The sur
 geon, who doubted the truth of the sto
 ry, placing himself at the shop-door,
 said “How long might 1 stop here and
 such a thing not happen to me i Smol
 lett, who stood behind the pillar of the
 door, and heard what had passed,
 snatched op a snow-hall, and quickly
 delivered his playmate from the dilemma
 in which this question had placed him,
 by planting a snow-ball eg the sur
 geon prodoecis, and tbua answered
 the question be pet. 4i|
 n ijisj?fPff'jT
 The Harm or r me Oca*»«—the
 greatest debth ever reached b* mmiid.
 ing was in the Atlantic 600 m*» west
 of St. Helena, where Sir James Roes
 found no bottom wub (whom Us, ot
 six miles and a quarter ia length.
mm
"
