"|J oetr ji.
*'n&gt;m the National Era.
 THE LEGEND Of p»T. MARK
 Thf day J*. &lt;k»ing &lt;Uik and cold.
 rearing Blast and »leeu
 Aad tbrmqjh tV &lt;k»k th* lilani wr*r
 111* bloom of mow iiurtrad of (lower*
 I torn me from th# tkw«n with- ot.
 To pon«W o’er a ulr of old,
 A legend of the age of faith,
 By dreaming monk or abb#*» lolrt
 On Tintoretto'* canvas* live*
 fhat faury of a loving heart.
 In gracefnl line* ami *hape« of power.
 And hue* immortal a* hi* art.
 In Provence (*o the story run*)
 There lived a lord to whom a* *lave,
 A pennant hov of tender rear*,
 The chance of trade or conquest gave.
 Forth-looking from the castle toner,
 Beyond the hili* with almonds dark,
 The straining eye could soaixe diacat u
 The chapel of the good St. Hark
 And there when bitter word or fare
 The service of the youth repaid,
 By Health, before tlut holy shrine.
 For grace in liear hi* wrong, lie prayed
 The steed stamped at the castle gate,
 The boar&gt;llllol sounded on tire bill;
 Why staid the Baron from the chase,
 WiUi looks so stern and word# so ill*
 Go hind yon slave, aud let him learn,
 By scathe of fire and strain of cord.
 How ill they speed who give dead saint*
 The homage due their living lord.”
 They bound him on the teaiful rack.
 When, through the dungeon** vaulted dark,
 He saw the light of shining robes
d knew lire face of good St. Mark
 Then sank the iron rack apart,
 The cords released their cruel clasp,
 Hie pincers with their teeth of fire,
 Fell broken from the torturer** grasp
 And lo! before the Youth and Saint,
 Barred door and wall of stone gave way;
 And up from bondage and the night,
 They passed to freedom aud the day!
 Oh, dreaming monk* thv tale is true,
 Oh. painter, true thy pencil’s art
 in tones of hope and prophecy,
 Yo whisper to im listening lieart 1
 L'oheard no burdened heart's appeal
 Moan* up to God’s inclining ear;
 Unlieeded by his tender eye
 Fall* to the earth no sufferer’s teai
 For still tin* Lord alone is God!
 flic pomp and power of tyrant man
 Are scattered at hi* lighter t bresali,
 Like chaff before the winnower's fan'
 Not always shall the slave uplift
 His dusky hands to Heaven in vain;
 God’s angel, like the good Saint Mark,
 (.Vanes shining down to break Ins chain'
 Uh, wearv ones' vc may not see
 Your iielj&lt;ers in their downward (light;
 Nor I rear the uhiiii! of silver wings,
 Slow lieatiug through the hush of night'
 But not the less grey Dothan shone.
 With smibright watchers (tending low
 That Fear’s dim eye la-held atone
 Fhe &lt;pear he ids of the Syrian foe
 There are, who like tlio Seer of old,
 Can a ee tlr* helpers God has sent,
 Ami how life’s lugged mountain side
 I- white with many an angel lent'
 They hear the heralds whom our Lord
 Sends down his pathway to prepare;
 And light, from other* hidden, shine?
 Ou their high place of faith and prayer.
 Let such, for earth's despairing ones.
 Hopeless, yet longing to be Iree,
 Breathe once again the Prupliei’s prayer:
 Lord, ope their e\ee that they may see!”
 J CL W
 From the British Friend.
 ALL GOOD THINGS ARF. common
 When tiie new-born helpless Stranger
 Enters first tnis world beneath,
 Bom in palace or in manger,
 i is tin- common air we breathe;
 W lieu Uie silken lid? asunder,
 To the miracle of sight,
 Open first w itli joy and wonder,
 1 is unto tlie common tight
 All good tilings are common
 Mil him now to quirk succession
 Influences uuuutuU-ied play;
 Hidden powers iu due progiession
 Foith unfold (com day to day;
 tsu -uid shade, tlie earth and ocean,
 Cmnibfc ul season, login aud noon,
 aimister to one emotion—
 iNatute know s no jwitial boon
 Neeulul things ate common.
 ~iUi.c, universal Moiiier,
 (toll, bestow on ton i.il,
 t ulo one a- lo auolllei,
 foqual gills lo equal toil;
 l"*s ou all Uie rain desceudeth,
 lit lor alt the liowei are spread,
 1 is one common *ky that tn-noeth
 n’e: the humbk-st, haughtiest iita.l
 All sucli things are common.
 Mot alone lire broad creation;
 Th night and It t liag fo&gt;ih arc tree,
 ileal( and mind uie not ul station,
 Nor CouUoiled by mail’s decree;
 lake ilie precious ore in jiioumainv,
 Know ledge yields lo strength and skill,
 v\ i?dom, tioui iier sacred fou.iUiius,
 Cues—Yi litiisly drink at will
 Inmost ntiug* he Co, iu.io.i
 'V hat iliough tire.-M-d m btiel dun.m.o.i.
 Might Usurps ilie eouilUOU soli,
 l* **y "id n, stronger pinion)
 liiriliiighl oi ifo- Kims ol toil;
 1 liy pi mid utie -inn i.ed by llerakt,
 in lire aneieut ranirts ol J une,
 I rove*, by 'iiM'i' ii| Justice, |M i lied.
 I.nds in btuuu-jril anti ui crime
 AH fist lliuigs an- common.
 Tune shall enure when Migi i U o longer
 Makes its tiwn subservient law*.
 Stiengtlieuiug ever still the stronger,
 lianipitiig ilumi (ire weaker cause,
 Ktgki, so calk-d, divorced from Dim,
 I’ioudly leagued with puwiv, 1.,c Lailk
 f ill?, wlrerc else were heavenly Beautv,
 VS ith OpptesMoa's iMouslious bulk
 Duties must Is- ciMuino.i.
 I'.rwef unieim d i.m 'Tyrant mi
 iiatk abased l&gt;&gt; our long plan,
 kal by Heaven is joim d lo &gt;etn
 Am! arunavc hr* follow utan
 Lqwal iitrbts until lay Brofhn
 Has. la i n ,'ii»b
 wio&lt; II ukl U 4 MM MUMtiM I
 Never i ait t■' wuiy thus'
 1 i -n -.1
 si nr goal &gt;l,k&lt; ea n Mortal,
 iJr.tnnog miwaiil, MHml ■Mn.t
 M ,IU lU* |i*lr nr ciatMiliMl j»m I•!
 i •la lor. lupptrt laii'
 I' l OM.II) ,I*a* a .t. »,1 InnoillJ,
 At l task m mm-ii s ansi
 foil lb# tMglto. m,i la,. rmUMs
 A» in mi—nil Aatunn’t an
 I Ml I MS|S nSMthk
Selections.
A correepoutkitil wads t» a copy of the
 j Charleston (S. C.) Mercury, with the follow
 ing narrative marked, and a request on the
 margin, to publish it with comments. The
 Liberator lasi week, published it giving at
 the mate nine, comment* by a correspondent,
 which very well express our itntmtenta.
 We give both
 Kioto the lloair Journal
 THE NI«;lfT FUNERAL OF
 SLAVE.
Travelling recently on buainesa, in
 the interior of Georgia,l reached, just
 at sunset, the mansion of the proprietor
 through whose estate, for the last half
 hour of my journey, I had pursued my j
 way. My tired companion pricked his j
 ears, and with a low whinny, indicated
 his pleasure as I turned up the broad
 avenue leading to the house. Calling
 to a black boy in view, I made him in
 quire of his owner if I could be accom
 modated with lodgings for the night.
 My request brought the proprietor
 himself to the door, and from thence to
 the gate, when, after a scrutinizing
 glance at my person and equipments, he
 inquired my name, business, and desti
 nation. I promptly responded to his
 j questions, and he invited me to alight
 i and enter the house, in the true spirit of
 southern hospitality.
 He was apparently thirty years of
 age, and evidently a man of education
 and refinement. I soon observed an
 air of gloomy abstraction about him;
 i he said but little, and even that little
 I seemed the result of an effort to obviate
 the seeming want of civility to a strang
 er. At supper, the mistress of the man
 sion appeared, and did the honors of
 the table in her particular department;
 she was exceedingly lady-like and
 j beautiful. She retired immediately
 after supper, and a servant handing
 some splendid Havannas on a small
 silver tray, we had seated ourselves
 comfortably before the enormous fire of
 oak wood, when a servant appeared at
 the. end door near my host, hat in hand,
 and uttered, tu subdued hut distinct
 tones, the, to ine, startling words—
 ’Massa, de coftin hab come.*
 ‘Very well,’ was the only reply, and
 the servant disappeared
 My host remarked my gaze of in
 quisitive wonder, and replied to it:—
 j ‘1 have been sad, sad,’ said he, ‘to
 day. I have had a greater misfortune
 than 1 have experienced since my fa
 ther’s death. 1 lost this morning the
 truest and most reliable friend I had in
 the world—one whom I have been ac
 customed to honor and respect since
 my earliest recollection; he was the
 playmate of my father’s youth, and the
 Mentor of mine; a faithful servant, an
 honest man, and sincere Christian. I
 stood by his bedside to-day, and with
 his hands clasped in mine, I heard the
 last words he uttered: they were,
 “Master, meet me in heaven!”
 His voice faltered fora moment, and
 he continued after a pause, with in
 creased excitement—
 ‘His loss is a melancholy one to me.
 If I left my home, I said to him, “John,
 see that all things are taken care of,”
 and I knew that my wife a-d rVH
 property and all, were assail i
 they were guarded by a hundred sold
 iers. I never spoke a harsh word to
 him in all my life, for he never merited
 it. I have a hundred others, many of
 them faithful and true, but his loss is
 irreparable.’
 1 came from a section of the Union
 where slavery does not exist; and I
 brought with me all the prejudices
 which so generally prevail in the free
 States in regard to this ‘institution.’ I
 had already seen much to soften these,
 but the observation of years would have
 failed to give me so clear an insight in-
 J to the relation between master and
 servant as this simple incident. It was
 not the haughty planter the lordly tyrant
 talking of his dead slave as of his dead
 horse, but the kind-hearted gentleman,
 lamenting the loss and eulogizing the
 virtues of his good old friend.
 After an interval of silence, iny host
 resumed
 ’There are,’ said he, many of the
 old man’s relatives and friends who
 would wish to attend his funeral. To
 afford them opportunity, several plan
 tations have been notified that he will
 be buried in the night; some, I presume,
 jhave already arrived; and desiring to
 i see that all things are properly prepared
 1 for his interment, I trust you will ex
 j cuse my absence a few moments.’
 ‘Most certainly, sir; but,’ I added,
 ‘if their is no impropriety, I would be
 pleased to accompany you.’
 ‘There is none,* he replied; and I
 i followed him to one of a long row of
 cabins, situated at the distance of some
 three hundred yards from the mansion.
 The house was crowded with negroes;
 all arose on our entrance, and many of
 them exchanged greeting with iny host,
 in tones that convinced me that they
 i felt that he was an object of sympathy
 •from them! The corpse was deposit
 i ed in the cofliu, attired in a shroud of
 j the finest cotton materials, and the cofiin
 itself painted black.
 The master stepped at his head, and
 laying his hand upon the cold brow of
 his faithful bondsman, gazed long and
 intently upon features with which he
 had been so long familiar, and which
 he now looked upon for the last time on
 earth; raising his eyes at length, and
 glancing at the serious countenances
 now bent upon bis, he said solemnly,
 and with much feeling—
 ‘He was a faithful servant and true
 Christian; if you follow hia example,
 and live as he lived, none of you need
 fear when the time comes for you to iie
 here.’
 A patriarch, with the snow of eighty
 winters on his head, answered—
 ‘Master, it is true, and we will try
 to live like him.’
 There wat a muiiuci ol general as
 sent and after giving some instructions
 t relative »u the hurtal, we returned to
 the building.
 I About nine o'clock, a servant ap
 j peered, with the nutice that they were
 ready to move, and to know if further
 instructions were necessary. My boat
 I remarked that, hv stepping mto the
 piazza, I would probably behold, to
 t»e,a ii d«I scene The procnaatan had
 moved, and its route led within a few
 y arde of tlie mansion Thera were one
 hundred and negroes, arranged^
deep, end following a wagon in which
 waa pieced the coma; down the entire
 length of |be line, at intervals of a few
 feet on each side, were carried torches
 of the resinous pine* here called light
 wood. About the centre was statiooed
 the black preacher, a man of gigantic
 frame and stentorian lungs, who gave
 out from memory the words of a hymn
 auitable to the occasion The south
 ern negroes are proverbial for the melo
 dy and compass of their voices, and I
 thought that hymn, mellowed by dis
 tance, the most solemn and yet the
 sweetest music that had ever fallen up
 on my ear. The stillness of the night,
 and strength of their voices, enabled
 me to distinguish"their voices at the dis
 tance of half a mile.
 It was to me a strange and solemn
 scene, and no incident of my life has
 impressed me with more powerful emo
 tions than the night funeral of the poor
 negro. For this reason, I have hastily
 and most imperfectly sketched its lead
 ing features.
 COMMENTS BY THE LIBERATOR.
 Perhaps this paper may fall into the
 hands of some one so little acquainted
 with the Gospel of Anti-Slavery as to
 wonder why the article headed as above
 should be placed in the ‘Refuge of Op
 pression.’
 It is not that the story is not true, as
 far as its statements of facts are con
 cerned. Very many cases of such a
 relation between master and slave are
 known to exist (perhaps even as many
 as one in five thousand of the whole
 three million of slaves); and every
 abolitionist could have told you this
 long ago, not only from testimony, but
 from the nature of man, which is not
 rooted out and destroyed, hut only in
 jured, by vicious institutions.
 We need not waste a word upon the
 critical acumen of the narrator of this
 incident, whose ‘prejudices,’in favor of
 liberty had been already softened,' and
 who received ‘so clear an insight into
 the relation between master and slave,’
 by seeing for one night one phase of
 that complicated relation, and that one
 —a funeral. But our thoughts may be
 profitably turned to some incidents of
 the story.
 The slaveholder here mentioned
 seems to have been not only one of the
 class commonly misnamed ‘kind mast
 ers,’ but to have been so far ‘hardened
 in piety,' as not only to disregard the
 affecting exhortation lo repentance ad
 dressed to him by the dying bondman,
 but to use the patience, the meekness,
 the venerable age and extensive in
 fluence of the deceased as an engine to
 affect the religious sensibilities of the
 hundred surviving slaves, and impress
 upon them the monstrous falsehood
 that their eternal welfare depends on
 their implicit submission to his will.
 Think of this a moment.
 The slaveholder patronises the fune
 ral of his slave by attendance on part
 of its services. It is doubtless a gratifi
 cation to his own feelings to do so. No
 one could lose a servant who had been
 attached to his person and eminently
 useful to him for thirty years, without
 some emotion. But this attendance is
 also imperatively dictated by his pe
 cuniary interest, and is far more profit
 able than any ordinary business tran
 sactions. His daily problem is to find
 the easiest means of compelling fifty
 men and women to work for him with
 out wages, and the cheapest means of
 supporting them in good working order.
 Chains and the lash are unpleasant,
 and diminish the facility and therefore
 the productiveness of labor. If the ob
 ject can be attaiued by working on their
 affections, so much the better. Hire a
 minister to preach to them that heaven
 is the reward of patient, submissive,
 unreasoning industry, and hell the just
 punishment of liars, thieves and runa
 ways, and half the work is done. Then
 a few’ presentn judiciously distributed,
 (only think of a debtor, who is determ
 ined never to pay, making a present to
 each of his creditors of a silver dollar
 every Christmas!) and a few expres
 sions of persona! regard, as attendance
 on weddings and funerals, and the other
 half is done. The painted coffin, and
 the shroud of finest cotton, are highly
 profitable investments, as they suggest
 the idea of favors and privations to
 minds which might otherwise be occu
 pied with the thought of that justice
 which is denied them. Attentions of
 this sort not only gratify the sympa
 thizing and unreflecting mind of the ne
 gro, and prevent him from thinking
 that these funeral expenses, so kindly
 given by the master, have been earned,
 a thousand times over, by the unpaid la
 bor of the deceased slave; but they
 render him more content with the ar
 rangement which robs himself, day by
 day and year by year, ofthe avails of
 his own labor, the control of his own
 body, the society of his wife, and the
 superintendence of his children. Nay.
 more! these attentions prepare him to
 receive soberly, without a shout of
 derision or denial, and as if it were in j
 some sort true, the preposterous asser
 tion that a slave's fitness for death and
 chance of happiness after death depend
 upon iiis faithful obedience to a slave
 holder. Is it, then, a merit in the
 slaveholder to bestow them? Is it noti
 rather a proof of intolerable impudence
 and hardness of heart, that he can
 use the occasion of his victim’s funeral j
 to say solemnly and with much teeiing,
 to the survivors, that their souls’ wel
 fare depends on their patient acquies
 cence in hia usurpation of ownership
 over them?
 Yet people are found to say such
 things, and others are found to believe
 them' C. K. W.
THE DYING SLAVE.
 He lay on a straw couch, with his
 face half turned towards the sinking
 sun.—The skin was drawn tightly over
 his forehead, as though it was parched
 and shrunken by extreme age; but the
 restless sad uneasy vmuenngs of u*&amp;
 eye told that he still claimed some
 romnsirtpshin with ear]*’ fVr
 rfe was a slave and for more than an
 hundred years he had gone forth to the
 daily toil of a bondman. It was said
 that in the father-laud from which he
 had been lorn by unprincipled violence,
 ha bad been prince among bis people.
 In the first days of his slavery, he had
 been fierce and ungovernable, nor
 could bis haughty M ini aver be buaad
 Into sabjsyo until m bad been twh
1 4
 dued bjr gratitude The father of bill
 present master had, in his childhood,
 (bv tulerfering to save "him from punish- j
 meat, received on his can body the
 blows intended for the slave; and from!
 that moment be became to his youthful!
 master a devoted servant The child
 had grown op to manhood, flourished
 throughout his term of' fears, and faded
 awgyr into the grave, bnt still the aged
 African lingered upon the earth; and it;
 was for the son of that man that he now
 waited, and, to use hi* own expression, j
 1 “held back his breath." until he should
 behold him.
 At length the light of the low cabin
 door was darkened, as the master stoop- i
 edhis tall form to enter the dwelling of I
 his slave. “I have come," said he, as;
 he approached; t( wbat would you do
 with me?”
 ‘There is one boon that I would crave
 of you:—l am going home —to revisit
 the scenes of my youth —to mingle with j
 the spirits of my friends! —suffer me not
 to return to them a slave! My fathers
 j were proud chieftains among their na
 tive wiida—they sought out the lion in
 1 the midst of his secret recesses—they
 subdued the strength of the savage ti
 ger—they were conquerors in battle—
 they never bowed to man—they would
 I spurn a bondman from their halls! Oh
 tell me exclaimed he, seizing his
 master's hand in the rising excitement
 of his feelings,—‘oh tell me, while I
 may yet hear the sound, that I am once
 more free!’
 ‘Your wish is granted,’ said his mast
 er, ‘you are a freeman.’
 ‘A freeman!’ repeated the negro
 slowly sinking back upon his couch,
 and clasping his hands above his head
 with all his remaining energy—‘write it
 for me master!’
 The gentleman tore a leaf from his
 pocket book and penciling a hasty cer
 tificate of his freedom, handed it to the’
 slave. The old man lifted up his head,
 l once more, as he received it, and the
 last ray of sunlight streamed across his
 countenance, as with a strange smile he
 gazed upon the paper; then falling
 suddenly back, he once more repeated
 the name of freedom, and expired.
 *i Elizabeth M. Chandler
MUSIC W ITH A MKAXINC.
 At that time an intimate and highly
 accomplished friend of my wife, who
 was also a very sensible woman, a fine
 musician, and considered one of the j
 best private performers in the coun
 try, came on a visit. The conversa
 tion turned on music, and Coleridge,
 speaking of himself, observed I believe
 ‘I have no ear for music, but I have a
 taste for it.’ He then explained the]
 delight he received from Mozart, and;
 how greatly he enjoyed the dithyram
 bic movement of Beethoven; but could j
 never find pleasure in the fashionable
 modern composers. It seemed to him
 ‘playing tricks with music, like non
 sense verses. Music to please me,’
 added he, ‘must have a subject. 5 Our
 friend appeared struck with this obser
 vation. ‘I understand you, sir,’ she,
 replied, and immediately seated herself
 at the piano.—‘Have the kindness to
 listen to the following parts, which 1
 played on a certain occasion extempore,
 as substitutes for words. Will you try
 to guess the meaning I wish to convey,
 and I shall then ascertain the extent of
 my success.’ She instantly gave us
 the first air. His reply was immediate,
 ‘That is clear; it is solicitation.’;
 ‘When I played this air,’ to a dear
 friend whom you know, she turned to
 me, saying. ‘What do you want?’— j
 I told her the purpose of my air was to|
 draw her attention to her dress, as she
 was going out with me to take a drive
 by the sea shore with her cloak.’ Our
 visitor then called Coleridge’s attention
 to her second air; it was short and ex
 pressive. To this he answered, ‘that
 is easily told; it is remonstrance.’
 ‘Y es,’ replied she, ‘for my friend again
 showing the same inattention, I played
 this second extemporaneous air, in or-j
 der to remonstrate with her, 5 We now
 listened to the third and last air. He
 requested her to repeat it, which she
 did. To this she replied, it is I be
 lieve, a failure’, naming at the same
 time the subject she had wished to con
 vey. Coleridge’s answer was. ‘That
 is a sentiment and cannot be well ex
 pressed in music.’— Gillman'a life °f
 Coleridge.
THE GOVERNOR ANI) THE MAD
 MAN.
 One of the “oldest inhabitants" of
 our city has furnished me with the fol
 lowing anecdote of old Gov. Leverett,
 as an illustration ofthe force of courage
 and ingenuity upon a madman.
 One morning, many years ago, a
 stout, buily-buili mauiac, in a parox
 ism of insanity, burst out of the Asy
 lum, and in his way, a musket, heavily
 loaded, fell into his hands. With this
 formidable weapon, mounted with the
 terrible bayonet, the madman rushed
 out into the city, and pretty effectually
 cleared the street he was “marching
 along." Turning a corner, he sud
 denly came upon Gov. Leverett, and
 was on the point of making a point
 blank charge upon the vitals of the old
 Governor, who, comprehending his
 danger, in a single glance at the fellow,
 when the Governor suddenly drawing
 himself up square and firmly before his
 dreadful antagonist, he hailed him
 thus:
 “Ho! brother soldier, have you
 learned your exercise?”
 “Yes, I have!”said the fellow, with j
 a great oath.
 “Then, brother,” said the Governor,
 “stand to your arms, like a valiant
 soldier, while I give the word of com-:
 mand.”
 The madman seemed pleased, andj
 stood bolt upright, with musket fitted!
 cfose to his shoulder, in regular dnllj
 order.
 “Poise your firelock!” the fellow dt
 so; “Rest your tireiock!” the fellow
 obeyed; “Ground your firelock!” ttits
 '-Vmmm, to tne rtgm showi— i
 march!" says the Governor, and as'
 the madman wheeled and stepped away, i
 the Governor quickly ran up behind, 1
 seized the powerful fellow and the t
 musket, tad held hue until several
 lookers oe—«tending at safe distance
 and watching this curious scene—came
 to the Governor's assistance, and tbs'
 madman wan secured, awi earned
 buck in 'an awful rage, to his quart eta
3ltocrtiocmcnte-
iMMrUat riraers.
 T DE*S Pate* wwi Fait inur ud Wirp Gnu*
 1 Pfcm Tfo Farming Pobfor are btnby informed
 that l#ttm Patent fan, hm taken «Mbr (hr M&gt;-
 srriber for bi« recent (mt ri i '—rata
 •trtrtioa and .jwmrtWtun- of Fi X t» CT? tTir a tob*
 an iinjtmfinfni m great a* infutirtK
 tia&gt; efo.k svrtcwi nf fo wArua the Mpcnn
 oor-hatf ur more. Wherever they have been mtn&gt;-
 doced, they Imre met the decided afJjw'ofcmtioa of
 armerr, aa the following ccrliltcateo firoaa the iatrl
 i*eat and practical former* whore n*w* *n
 ttsHed, almndantlv show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 Thi* may certify that wr the Sotwcritier*, bate
 eeea and ared the Patent Wheel Chhivator, invented
 bjr Nathan Ide, of Shelby, Orleanr Co. f New
 Y ork, and believe it t,» he, ’a* a labor-raving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvement* of the «fe.
 By it, a former ran pot in from lea to fifteen acre*
 more of wheat in a year, with the rame amount of
 team tahor; he can also now it in much better order.
 By it also Canada thirties and other nenuoaa weeds
 may l«e totally extirpated. Said mar hi or is so con
 structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
 mean* of screws on the tipper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the (round thoroughly or
 only just brush the surface. Upon the whole', we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverising the ground ami facilitating the labor of
 the Fanner, and a* such ne cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 James 11. Medley James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Medley,
 (tardoer Berry. James P. Anderson.
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, ilte undersigned, purrhasetl one of Nathan
 Ide’* Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can yvith this Flow
 prepare w itli two hordes, eight acres of land per dav
 far w heat, and it is innrh better done than by the
 old plow s; awl the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will y ield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Sulworiber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must l»e seen
 dnd used. No fanner who fully understands his
 interest will he without one, as it is an invaluable
 iirjnement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LEVI WELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 come ant! examine for themselves.
 _ _ ______ 1
 ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 1 hey are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, w ith a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jj 10 SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agent? for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No/6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 jj2l Booksellers and Publishers.
TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to be had at LAING
 BONN'ELL’S new Establishment, No 59,
 State Street, Rochester Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c, which are
 offered at the very lowest prices lor Cash
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 JT L having had extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him with their pa
 tronage
 Rochester, July 14, 1848 3m
British Periodical Literature*
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review,
 The North British Review, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in tlieir praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything oi'the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 i They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; tlie
 i Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 stpr Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of tlie two Reviews formerly republislied and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 tlie advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodical* are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fme white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact far si mile of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 RICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, S 3 00 per annum, i
 For any two do 500
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Review.-, 8 00
 For Blackwood's Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00 1
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments lobe made in all cases in adranc.e I
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on paymeul of the regular sub
 script ion for three—the tburtfa copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of,
 Blackwood’* Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 tliat work, by which we shall he able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this awl other advantages secured to
 our subscriber* we pay so large a consideration, that
 we ma\ be counpe 1 u&gt; raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat »ulwcribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT h CO.
 70 Faitoo street, New York.
H. I’OPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Bioad
 v r wav. Also an extensive assortment of Cravats,
 ..lock*, Hosiery, Gloves, (p
 Albany, Feb.’ 11, 1848.
PHiLIP A. WHITE, Druggist, coraer of Frank
 fart and Gokl Street.
Free Latwr M,
 MANUFACTURED by tier American Free Pro-
 Association, and U *de at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Gingham*; Checks, Apron awl Fur
 unbleached; Muslin,
 of various qualities and
 width|, thin&gt; Mu-I* f« tdoog., Uuwn and colored;
 b»r&lt; r.ve 1 owed; black white Wadding;
 ceiletu artidh- P n *V
 k, Jl r^ Blockings knitting Cot e",
 ltr letter* desiiiag mfuratation,
 tu J Milk. Mckl«. SI. North
 James ll,**.* ‘T, r to
 James M«*t, J&amp;, Church Alley
 A krge and UmmLnm* asoostawut of Print, mum
 on hand.
 iDii-Mtier) tiff,
 Nm *t. y»/tk surest, Pksimditfktm.
 4 ri U of aatfoluror) siMnnii
 i? k T r kand. Ainu a hantknm
 rariety ut awvHuaw phHMaMiVt mrtm
PROSPECTUS
 jiaerifsi rirtatl+tfcal JMraal.
 O. ft. row |,IR, editor
 TJ reform and ptitsct omrwhrea and hm nee. it
 the mow exalted of all works. Yet, to do lbi« we
 mast amferataml the Human (XNwtitMfom This
 Busnlngt. Phyetology and Vital llagaetwta em
 brace, and fence expound all the four* of am be rag,
 condition* of happiness. and constitute the- phi loco
 plier’s *&lt;«oe of I Mversal Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number wiH contain either the analysis ami
 location of some phrenological faculty, ithMrated by
 an Engraving, or an aitirai on their combhmtiods:
 aad also the orgaaiutiua ami character of soar di»-
 tingtnehed personage, accompanied by a Itkeswc
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I- Life. Tie great instrument of talent vir
 tue and happiness, all of winch it augment*. To us
 perservation ami nutoration, special attention will he
 given.
 .MAGNETISM.
 With pmctial instruction, interesting fart*. and
 choice truth* which it unfolds, will he presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessing* they enjoy, the influence they caa
 wield, and their preparation foe conducting our insti
 tution*. will form the theme of a senes of articles.
 self-improvement.
 Who does not king oarnestly, ami would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his’ natural powers, and
 reader hinfeell better and more happy? To sarb,
 each number will be a prompter ami text-book.
 TERMS—invariably in advance ONE DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of ibis Journal will be
 sent GRATIS, when (Wired.
 To receive attention, letters and orders must he
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLF.R it WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.. New Y’ork
 YITILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 i Yf Boots and Shoes, 90, Purchase Street, New
 Bedfoni.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, and w ill sell cheap for rash. Strict attention
 I paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the] scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemiuer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fart, that
 i the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived bv
 the sense of touch, iu 1844, are in harmony with
 i natural and physiological laws— to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positive
 i electrical state, and that the electrical emanations
 from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or the
 1 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 j reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to die safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferation*
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 j whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 j from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 j of science, the undersigned may Is- permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negative
 I condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. Ou the other hand, when the parts
 of die body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 I state, however disarranged, lliere is ground to "hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 j already convinced the public of the safety or trnlli
 i j fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 I governed, in detecting die symptoms and character
 'j of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of dieir correctness, by Frolessor
 Means and Mr. Heminer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Hydropathic Piacti
 j tioner, by a tliscerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he lias had the pleasure lo
 I relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain die credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 J afford him an op|xirtuuity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice,
 f The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the weal bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of bathe, supplied with water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by'that of any other esta- 1
 blishment in this country The scenery in this
 j vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to t
 allow water-cure patient* to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoy ing their rambles without I
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 'Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to tlie head
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron*
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inti animation of the bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, bine limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humor*.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves with
 three comfortables, three woolleu blankets, one or!
 two linen and three cotton sheer*, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towpls, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and hoard are #5 50 to!
 #8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 j will pay #8 00 per week—on the first and second’
 floors, $8 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 i ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurse* and fuel,
 or-pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLEH.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn, t
 I River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 1 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to'
 i convey them hither.
 i The human blood, in a normal and healthy con-!
 1 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 i which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources w ithiri—an excess generally pass
 ing oft in silence from die cuticular surface, that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Heminer of
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensabie to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cAuse, is j
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensue*.”
 Geoaddress, delivered twfore the Medical College of
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Mean*, A.M., M.IJ., professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, ami Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., j«age 25 j

 ATHOL WATER €IRE.
 THE Subscriber kgs leave lo call tie attention
 or Invalids, especially tho*e suffering from 1
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic csiaUwhntent in
 Athol, Mass.
 His boose was opened for the reception of patient*
 la.-t season, and it is believed ofifers excellent faeili-l
 lies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The (apply of water is atmndant, ami in
 purity ha* been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” I he location is quite eligible, being lan
 a short distance from the V. Ji M, railroad. The'
 vicinity abound* in variety of -eenerv, ami* k»-
 charming ground* for walks uvl rambles. Ko that,
 with the water, suitable regime,), mountain air, and,
 exercise, patients can semreeb foil to obtain the’
 healthful result* for which they labor
 The following case iliustrat.-s this remark Mrs.
 8., wife of Iha. B. f of Warwick, Mass., aged'
 about thimdkve years, wa* brought to mm bst'
 Augwrt. Her case preseatnl the following pheao-
 nena. If pfoce.l in aa erect pwiUoa, and left ua
 •upportal, she hath with fetf backward lo the j
 (round. If being well mnrtlrl she
 effort to walk, ekU firatVVhen carried forward,
 despite her effort* to the matrart, sou Id rraw ifo
 other. Mhe had been in d.j, a
 year. Her traatiarat coaaaewred the lffth of Bepi
 aad was coatawwd la the SSth Or*, safe, whea .hr!
 left, so far recovered aa lo ha ofab U» walk hah a j
 mile with ease. Bum her Met m for Jr-'
 taw ouwtNwml he* isrths, wuh enmspondmg im
 provt-weni to hr b ahh. «fo now «ueml« m fo
 domestic dories wMh .f uiaii
 fkl. *m» w«toh of her (foaß&gt;
 Paterae* arc dcstrad la hi*| thrae nnlirlalili j
 oar pair of woollen MuahaU. pair of atwru.
 half a doara towels aaurhad, with old barn lot
 Term, feuta ftv« to mm (foliar* par wash, accord..
 fo( (n aacaashtM m f fffo aaitanu
 IVm wha arc bsc \ih\§+\ m J» wfortlu ai
 or are »iMm| In amm thm m i&lt;«m
 «Mh athars, wtl be ritargad fos*
 Ami, March, lA4ff tHtoROt HOYT, j
rOVERTT:
 mi ILLEGAL 4 AUBEU AND LEGAL
 CUME
 i, «Y LYAAtoniB aFOOWEB,
 Tfo A Away Patriot calls it A neat pamphirr o
 i poffes—a very reuutihatde produrtioo.”—
 Whether all the annripaikm* of Mr. Sparer
 i wo, ,lr reabied tfo full whaitioa of fos theor»
 i we do not fore stop to cnr|U)re fort we hr art'K com
 rn rtalravre to tfo antae of all who lave
 j tntnsfwrrnt lorriblr diction—intrepid indepewfeoce
 i original thntht—aal entire fodim from the cx;&gt;-
 I} nf sect m party. Asa jadirx I writer, hr hasadepti,
 r j a compass, far beyond any ho#c pforfortsra
 have met &lt;air cv»- a long lime.”
 Hunt's Merchant's Magazine says-— abrwiri
 jin boki and original thiaight*. The illegal causer r,
 poverty are staled, ami a nmnlcr &lt;i traportaat propr,
 sitrans bearing on the subject fo&gt;d down; ami .on &lt;&lt;&gt;e
 i whole, we eawsider it a work well w«unb stndung..
 affording a* it *k&gt;e« many valuable hints lo the "stares
 roan ami political economist.”
 I The Bangor (octette says—“ An able and certain
 I hr original work, front tfo pen of Lvsander Sjvs.nc,
 1 Esq.—author of that powerful hook which demo,
 atrates the unennst but tonality of American Stiver v
 There is no w riter of the age,of fogu-al acumen no,
 searching than Spooner.,’ This wu work is de*-
 tiaed to ietid to a re examination of all farmer
 teaut of political economy." At Dr- 1 biu*l, h,s ec
 noroiral (wopositions strike its as stuuainable ar,
 they are so. his work will |irrvail, awl produce at
 ,j iroportaiit revolution in the pre-ent prevailing »v
 tem.
 Evert one sfomld read it.”
 BEI.A MARSH, I'ublisfor. Boston
 Part I. Price 25 Cents.
 EEESESuES
 ■I HariN VfYflablf Extract
 i Is the only remedy that can is- relied on tor tiw
 permanent cure of 'Spasmodic Cdnimct ions. Irrita
 lion of the Nerve*. Nervous or Sick llem’arhr
 Nenrou* Tremors, Neuralgic Affi-ction*, ticnet
 Debilitv, Deficiency &gt;,t Ne, von- and Pliv-icil Fne:
 gy, and all Ncrvon* Ih-order*. including the mo i
 i dreadful ot all disease that a licet ifo human lace—
 K]*Jrpty, nr Fall,Mg AirAcc.o. —Ht-terical Fits.
 Convulsions, Spasms, &amp;r It is well known, tfoit
 J from tin*' immemorial, Physicians have pronounced
 I Epileptii' Fit* inruralife. It lias bntlird all tbe!!
 skill, ami the boa-ted power of all medicine, aiui
 i eoiisequciilly thousands have -uttered through a on.-
 en.ble existence, and at h-t ickled up their lives on
 •he Altar of Insanity. The proprietor of the A'pget
 able Extract, however, tec!- no ileiic.aox m saving
 ,j ihi tit can l*&gt; cured, lie would, therefore, tespect
 fu! y invite physicians, and all others who are inlet
 1 psiod, to examine the testimony which is here offered
 If it is deception, let it lie exposed foil if it is
 trie, tlien in die name of humanity, no longer Jet i;
 lie said that Epilepsy is incurable,
 j Heart's l rgrtabir Krtrart. —For sixteen year-,
 I ha- been tested bv many persons who have suffered
 wish ibis dreadful fli-sase, and in every rase übeie
 j it lias had a lair trial, lias efleeted a fiermaiicnt
 j cm e.
 Col. Denslow of Y onkers, New Y ork, state- that
 I hi* daughter has been afllicted with Fits for more
 j than nine years, and has lieen fitted by the u-** .a
 f the Vegetable Extract.
 j Mrs. .1. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New Y ork,
 states that she has tern subject to Fits for many
 years, and lias been restored to perfect health (aftei
 i ev.-rv other means had tailed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Ru«sell co.,
 I I Alabama, who is one of the liest Physicians iu Ilte
 State, says that lie has lieen much henefitted by the
 use ot the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitaf
 in-ly prescribes it iu every ease of Epilepsy which
 1 comes tinder his knowledge.
 Curtis Maylierry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now living in
 Em: C 0., Pa., states that lor many y**ars past fo
 lia* fo-eti -orely afflicted with Fits, and he i* now
 I happy to state that a persevering u*e of Dr. Hart’*
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 1 icing entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
 1 Judge Randall, N. 15b Henry street. New York,
 j having tired the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 r his family liighlv recommends it to all jiersons who
 are aftlieted with Fits.
 M,., Stephen E. I’ratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 C and Twenty-Sixth street, New Y’ork. states tltat
 Mr. Chas, 11. Houghton, a member of his family has
 been so severely afllicted with F.pileptic Fits foi
 many years, that lie was obliged to relinquish hi*
 Ebusiness. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable E\.
 I j tract (-ays Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
 t perfect health, and left this city for the State ot
 s Ohio to resume hi* business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peter.* Churen,
 Spotswnod, New Jersey, who ha* been aftlieted
 I with Epileptic Tit* for more than forty years, state*
 that lie has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has fo-ci so much improved that he hopes
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fit*.
 Ejulrptic fits. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by- the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of (lie son ot
 Win. Seen re, Esq, of Philadelphia, afllicted with t
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, Uer
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 j treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Kxtract. —l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England.
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. remained there three months
 without perceiving any change tor the better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty- dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 their opinion tliat ray son's rase was lionelea*
 and POSITIVELY INOI RABLE. I accord^
 a -1 England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, ami returned fomie in the month ol
 Novemlier la-l, with my .-«»u as far from being cured
 as when I Jett, I law your advertisement in one of
 the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Extract, seeing your statement!) and
 certificates ot so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure von I am pot
 sorry I did so, a* by the u*e of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extiact alone be was restored to PERFECT
 EALfH. His reason, which was so far gone as to
 i uxli l l lH f'W business is entirely restored, with the
 prosjiect now lie to re him of life, foalth aad useful
 ness. He I* now 28 year* of age, and 27 years 6
 month* of this time has lieen aftlieted with
 most dreadful of disease*, foa thank God is now
 1 enjovmg good health.
 j iN °W, *»r, faufi without works I don’t believe
 in. To say I shall lie ever grateful to you ra one
 uiing, and as I her*- enclose &gt;ouone hundred dolmr,,
 I I have no (ioiiht Uu you Mill think thin another and
 i f l u,lf a different thing. Tlie debt of gratitude I stilt
 owe you; fo« plea«e areept thi* amount as interest
 on die debit in advance.
 Your*, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECURE
 TESTIMONY I PON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost miraculous eflicary &lt;,j
 this truly wondertul roe&lt;lieine, read rta* following
 l from Dr. W. L. Monme, of Guillm-d, Ohio,
 one of tfo- most eminent phvsieian.* in tliat
 GiiiHurd, Ohio, August 17, 1846
 BruiU-r fafoirer in tfo cause of Ituinsaitv—Deat
 sir: It i- with no small ;fegree af pU-asure that 1
 ant enabled to announce n„ V on the romplete triunad.
 ol your invaluabfe medicine in case* o( Eprfefcy. I
 have prescribed it iu four instance* in ihi, vicinity
 and it has been highly successful in all. Three o
 o&gt;e patients, 1 lra»t, frtve lieen nulicaili cured
 Ilte lomth wic is nqiiiily imiiroving, aiut will, I
 think without doubt recover, fam not in the ha bn
 of prencribiiig or r cron uncial tug patent medicine-,
 but when I a l, an article which |&gt;rouii*e* so much
 for tlie relief of snAtring humanity, 1 feel my duly
 to n commend it, and 1 have no heaitaliin in ear
 uii( liial as mmiu as tlie faculty are fatly acqimioted
 with the real merit of v«hir meoici/w, rfov wilt
 cU*e their eyes against prejudice ami lend you a
 helping baud.
 I subscribe Hiyu-lf yonrs, sincerely,
 (Signed) W. L. MONROE, M. It
 Tt* Ife- S. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
 When thsmali who are now irrahtua mmU-i
 the hand of this dreadful disease, linraw that
 every attach may jwove faul, will find nenimar,,,
 relief ami be rra*o,«l m new hie, bv
 OVER ONE TIlOl MAND CERTIFICATCS
 i. ZS Bettofeo.)
 !Tf!*K^ UW Mart’. Y v u
 (0- Pre|aami by ft HART. M D. f New Y«h
 Prwe. owe p-kfo jo
 lO IW
 JO- It i* mu. tally packed m, m Ua. ha wan*
 poruthns aad eel ui any pan U its.
 Mt«tee, Trtto Hi tfo, aiai |ff7*» |ad.*.
 1“"“" MO k, MraM, Cm

 l* IfrfM* «lßffa« f|||ami
 ■too—a l oot faat.
 A ilti y Jt*** 1 mnm a
 11. D. Walk Mom It Ml Ptoaia Banka—.
 ftau. .mo .flat..,
 far llevefaml &lt;N»--
 i IjMDM.
 MiUwaoka W i*
 IMMH****
"
