"IKMMFRD* I*U&lt;.LASM i
 m. K. I*l.l AMY* f Kwtw
VOL 11. NO. -20.
rhp *IORTH STAR in pikltoM emr
 «l So. 25, Baffalo Itßfl,
 the Arcade.)
 TERM*
 Tmi &lt;t4tsr« w» smummh, «/m« i m Www&lt;. Wa
 ifXirxt uili hr mytrni Mr a hem win Own
 month'-,
 A&lt;iiwi*nMi. not rxrrmti«4( irtt tin** iaamrH
 t hrrr i»mr« for ow dollar; rrrry MthanjonH it«**r-
 tan, tamty-fitrr
 Tnr. .4&gt;|rrt of the North Star will be to aitnrfc
 'uvoi in all its form* and irnfvx**; adrocaf*
 i iirr.iHM. Knaucinatio*; exalt ibr ntandatd
 oi Pcilic MoßALrrr; promote the moral aad in*
 .rUeeitial impr*»eetnei,i of the COLOBtoPfeoHI;
 and to*trn tUe day of FREEDOM to ibe Thrki i
 MiLLtoat .it' Rvslavro Feu.ow Coun-j
 rKVtii.
 IM Itl.lsilEß’S NOTICES.
 All r.annmiMttUioiw relating to the
 m mew nf the ftnper, names of miwarilier*, remit
 i .re*, &amp;r., s’.khiM hr ntldieeseri to John I)|CK,
 i nUi*hrr.
 DT and all other* sending names, art*'
 .K**red to he amirate, ami gi»e tin- Port Office
 !.r t mnty, an.) the .State. Each Sultert iher iy im
 lor.hately emitted for money received.
 fjCY* Any person wwling in the payment for four:
 a&lt;ii«criherti, to U forwarded to one add re* i*, may
 It ar« a filil. copy U&lt;c one year.
 fO* All letter* ami communication* most lie post
 paid.
 r.l.s'l OK At; ENTS.
 Massa«:hds»i't«.—R. K. Walcutt, 21, Coruhill,
 Bo&gt;to«; \atli:ui J.ihiimn, Noiv Uedford; Horatio W.
 iVtrr, l*owell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; (.ieorjfe
 I'vao*. Worcester Boon** Spooner. Plymouth;
 t.ltarle* H. Seth, Springfield l&gt;arid Ruggled,
 V&lt;rtUampu&gt;n; 11. Carpenter, Cpton.
 VUi*r.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont.—Rowland T. R..hin*on, North Fer
 ri'tHU’g.
 I’uMtlCTiciiT.—Jonnthati la-onard, New Haven
 Nt w Hampshire.- —Wean* Tappan, Bradford.
 New York. —Sydney 11. (lav, 142, Nassau!
 Street; James McOune Smith. 93, West Broadway;!
 Joseph Post, Westliury, tiiteen County; Mary Hat- 1
 jer, Albany; Elias Dotv, Macedon; VVilkUaßecise,j
 Pern, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy; j
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. 1., j
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhohe Island. —Amaranry Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M‘Kiln,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W, Goines, 8, Exchange:
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipper, i
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris-j
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat-j
 son and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har-,
 veysliuigh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—-Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
SPEECHES
 Delivered at the New England Convention *n
 Faneuii Hull Boston, on Thvnday evening, May
 31. From the Stenographic Report of the liberator.
 William Lloyd Garrison arose
 and addressed the meeting. He said:—
 Mr. Chairman I rise merely to offer
 u resolution, to be added to those al
 rcetdy boforo the Within a
 tew days, I have had the intelligence of
 the death«of a colored friend and co
 adjutor on the other side of the Atlan
 tic—one of the earliest advocates of the
 anti-slavery cause in the old world up
 on the principles of immediate emanci
 pation—one who labored for the free
 dom of the West India slave, long be
 fore our own attention had been called
 to the condition of our own fettered
 countrymen. He was truly a most es
 timable man, and he won for himself
 the love, admiration and gratitude of a
 large circle of the friends of human
 freedom and progress. He is now
 dead; hut though dead, the glorious ex
 ample which he gave in behalf of hu
 man rights—of the working-men of
 Great Britain—of the cause of tee-to
 talisrn, of peace, and especially of the
 slave—will never lose its efficacy, so
 long as goodness and virtue can be re
 membered. 1 allude, Mr. Chairman, to
 the death of JOHN MURRAY of Scot
 land. The life, the soul of the anti
 slavery movement actfbss the Atlantic,
 has always been in Scotland; and had
 it not been for Scotish anti-slavery, in
 domitable, quenchless and persevering
 i&lt;* the end, —the anti-slavery of Eng
 land probably would have faltered in
 the conflict, and must unquestionably
 have failed to effect the redemption of
 tlie West India slaves. But the little
 band of Scotish abolitionists always
 stood ready to rekindle the torch of!
 emancipation expiring in other parts,
 to grapple with and triumphantly over
 come all testacies to success, and to
 make every needful sacrifice; and of
 all men in Scotland who were first and
 tbremorst to maintain abolition princi
 ples, in an uncompromising and intre
 pid spirit, John Murray was ever con
 spicuous. 1 will read the following
 resolution as a tribute to his memory,
 which the Convention I doubt not, will
 delight to pass in honor of his virtues:—
 Whereas, intelligence has been re
 ceived of the death of one of the earli
 est, most faithful and intrepid, most exr
 einplary and self-sacrificing advocates
 of the slave in the old world, John
 Mr kray, of Bow ling Bay, Scotland
 therefore,
 Resolved, That this Convention do
 express to the surviving family and
 friends in particular, and to the world
 at large, Us deep sensibility in view of
 his decease, its large appreciation of
 bis mdelatigable labors in the cause of
 the West Indian and American slave,
 its graceful remembrance of the cordi
 al support he at all times gave to the
 American Anti-Slavery Society, and of
 He warm hospital, ty he extended to all
 ihe delegates of that Society who have
 Horn time to time visited Scotland
 “The memory of the just is blessed
 An honest man is the noblest work of
 God.”
 Voted, That a copy of this preamble!
 and resolution be sent to the family of'
 this philanthropist, by the Secretary o f’
 this Convention, duly authenticated 7 by 1
 the signatures of its officers.
 There are friends here, Mr. Chair-i
 man,- who have been on the other side
 o,f thd Atlantic, who knew John Mur
 ray intimately, who have partaken of
 hi* hospitality, and byjcommunion with
 him were greatly strengthened in the
 work of delivering the American bond
 man—who can fully endorse all that I
THE NORTH STAR.
hare said with regard to him, and to
 pay a more fitting tribute of reaped to
 hi* memory. Perhaps in the course of
 the evening, my friend Frederick Doug
 j lasa will take an opportunity to perform
 this mark of respect
 The question being taken upon the
 resolution, it was unanimously adopted.
 Rev. Samuel J. Mat, of Syracuse,
 N. Y., was next introduced to the Con
 vention. Ho spoke as follows: I feel
 it is good to be in Boston. How good
 it is, no one hut a son oi Boston, who
 has been exiled from the state ot his
 birth and early affections for ye art, can
 fully realize. It is good to be in this
 j hall, and for one, 1 feel that there is
 not a place upon the earth which
 throngs with associations more qui
 ening to (be -toreiwof-liberty than-
 Faneuii Hall. (Applause.) It is regar
 ded in every part of oar country as the
 cradle of liberty. Here the noblest
 sentiments in behalf of freedom and hu
 manity have been uttered; here the
 deepest purposes in behalf of freedom
 and humanity have been brought into
 being and resolved upon. Would to God j
 that there were nothing any less honor
 able to it to be spoken. These w'&amp;lls
 have resounded to sentiments ot a far
 different character. In this Hall words i
 have been uttered which, as was wellj
 said at the time of tbeir delivery, ought!
 to have blistered the lips of an Ameri
 can. But let it pass. Blessed be God, I
 we live in a free country, where even!
 the abettors of error may be heard —j
 where even the atheist may speak his;
 thought: and the man who would tram
 pie his fellow-man in the dust, and con
 vert him into his property, may make
 i defence of his abomination if he can, fori
 there can be no fear of error in a coun
 try like this, where the press and
 speech are free. Yes, we believe j
 most fully, that if truth and error have
 but a chance to grapple, error would be;
 overthrown and conquered,
 i The recollections that crowd upon j
 my mind as I stand upon this spot, after
 an absence of many years—at least
 they seem to me many years,—and re
 collect the advance that has been made
 in the cause of the oppressed and down
 trodden, are peculiarly gratifying.
 Well do I remember when this Hall
 was closed against the advocates of hu
 man liberty. Well do I remember the
 time, in 1835, when fifteen hundred of
 the most wealthy men ft thisgnty signed
 a for the opening of this hall
 to the delivery of sentiment antago
 nistic in their tone to sentiments uttdted
 by*those who are only pleading that the j
 great principles of the Declaration of
 our Independence might be carried out
 in the conduct of the I say,
 fifteen hundred gentlemm of-this city
 petitioned for the opening of this hall,
 that an opposition might manifested
 to the -advocacy of human freedom;’
 thereby waking up against us a spirit;
 of violence that had well nigh bathed;
 our native soil with our own blood.
 But, Sir, these days have past, and
 we now recall the unpleasant remem
 brance only to rejoice fit it as evidence
 of the progress which has been made
 in the glorious' cause we have espou
 sed. Look at our country now—not
 by any means what she ought to be—
 not by any means at the high pinnacle,
 of prosperity that our hearts, in the con
 fidence in the American people, fore-1
 told it would reach—still, when wei
 contrast the present with the past, how
 gratifying the transition! Almost every
 where north of Mason and Dixon’s line,
 and in some places even south of
 it, sentiments execrated in times past,
 even in this hall, qmy be uttered
 without let or hindrance or molestation
 from any one. Can we not be grate
 ful for the progress that has been made
 during the last twenty years, though
 we may naturally feel that compara
 tively little has been done considering
 the length of time that has elapsed.
 But I rejoice to stand in this hall to j
 night. 1 rejoice to see such an assem
 bly here. Notwithstanding the numer-'
 ous demands that have been made on I
 the attention of those interested in the
 various religious associations of our;
 country, they hate still been found dis-
 posed to come to this place in prefer
 ence to any other, to listen to the sen
 timents that shall be uttered, and to re
 spond, doubtless with unfeigned cordi
 ality, to the demands that may be made
 on them for higher efforts and more de
 termined and earnest exertions in car
 rying on to a completion the work
 which has been so gloriously commenc
 ed. Those who have attended the pre
 vious meetings of this Convention, have
 heard living epistles from the South
 that must have spoken to your hearts
 as no written woras could have done,
 calling on you, if there be a spark of
 humanity in your souls to kindle it up
 anew until the fir© shall be more in
 tense than any that has yet burned with
 in, shall be in progress, urging you on
 to efforts and exertions, that are hourly
 needed to rid our country from such a
 curse as the institution of slavery. If
 you have attended the meetings of this
 Convention, you have seen men and
 women, children of God, presenting
 every appearance of humanity on their
 persons, telling the story of their escape
 from Southern oppression, escapes made
 not only at the risk of a still more cruel
 bondage but at the risk of their own
 lives. Never will the story be forgot
 ten in our country or throughout the
 world, of the mao—whom I trust you
 will all be permitted to see—who, that
 he might escape Southern oppression,
 consented to a living entombment. He
 entered the box with the determination
 to be free or die; and as he heard the
 nails driven in, h» fear was that death
 was to be his portion; yd,
 death come in preference to sievery.
 And is there one m tbie bowse who has
 a heart to feel, that can look
 a man as Henry Box Brown, tm af-
RtCTTT IS OT TO SEX—TkC iH to or NO OOL Hl-GOO ID THIS FATHER OF US ALL. AND ALL RTF* ARK BRETHREN
firm that he may not enjoy the rights
 of a roan in a country like ours I hap
 pened to be in the city of Philadelphia
 —I have told the story to the Conven
 tion already, but I will tell it again—in
 the midst of the excitement that was
 caused by the arrival of a man in a
 box. I measured it myself;—three
 feet one inch long, two feet wide, and
 two feet six inches deep. In that box
 a roan was entombed for twenty-seven
 hoars!
 The box was placed in the express
 car in Richmond Va., and subjected to
 all the rough treatment ordinarily given
 to boxes of merchandise; for, notwith
 standing the admonition of this side up
 with care,’ the box was tumbled over
 hat he was on his head;
 at one time, nearly two hours
 as it seemed to him on his head, and
 momentarily expecting that life would
 become extinct from the terrible pres
 sure of blood that poured upon his brain.
 Twenty seven hours was this man sub
 jected to this imminent peril; but,
 through the blessing of God, such was
 j the intensity of the love of life and lib
 erty in his bosom, that it seemed to set
 at defiance the principles of physiology
 itself, and to live without air that he
 might for one moment, at least, breathe
 I the air of liberty. (Great Applause.)
 I Does not such a man deserve to be free r
 Is there a man here, that does not bid
 him welcome? Is there a heart here,
 that can doubt that there must be in
 him not merely the heart and soul oi a
 deteriorated man—a degraded inferior
 man—but the heart and soul of a noble
 man? Not a nobleman sir, but a noble
 man! Who can doubt it?
 Sir, I confess when I see such noble
 ness in a man of another hue from my
 self, I almost wish I could change my
 complexion for his. (Applause and
 hisses.) I have been hissed before,
 (Great applause, and a voice said, ‘in
 good company.’) Well might such a
 man, in such a condition as that, ex
 cite an intense interest in the city of
 Philadelphia. The gentleman to whom
 he was consigned spent the night pre
 vious to his aiwval, sleepless. His ex
 pectation was—yes, h« lelt it certain—
 that, instead of a living man, he should
 find a corpse in the box coming to him.
 And when he found it safely deposited
 in his house, such was his excitement
 that? for a while, he dared not approach
 it; but having gathered about him some
 friends to sympathise with him in his
 fknotion, and sustain and strengthen him
 to foeet the worst, he approatfted the
 box, —knocking on it with his knuckles 4
 exclaimed, ‘ls all*right within,’ and to
 bis unspeakable
 ‘All right!’ j(Gfeat sensation.)** Fbr
 while so great wa£ his agitation, thdt
 he could hardly use the instruments
 that were* necessary to relieve him
 fitom his imprisonment; but when thg
 cover was removed, a man—a true:
 man—a noble man arose from the tem
 porary coffin into a living life—a new
 life indeed, unless there be base men
 enough in this part of the country to
 allow him to be recaptured to the living
 death from which he has escaped. The
 moment he appeared, the gentleman to
 whom he had been consigned, as soon;
 as he could give vent to his feelings
 exclaimed in a burst of emotion —for he!
 knew not what he said, and yet, Mr.
 President, he said that which was well
 nigh exactly true—‘You are the great
 est man in America.’ (Laughter and
 applause.) Certainly no man in Ameri
 ca has done what Henry Box Brown
 has done. His escape will be remem-,
 bered as long as the history of the strug
 gles of humanity for her rights shall be
 remembered. As soon as he was re
 leased, having walked the room, and
 stretched his limbs and filled his lungs
 for the first time with the air of liberty,
 and gathered up into his soul a realiz
 ing sense of his deliverance, the spirit,
 of gratitude to God came over his heart,
 and he burst out into an anthem that
 wili never be forgotten, and was never
 sung more appropriately than then —‘I
 waited patiently for the Lord, and he
 inclined unto me and heard my cry/
 Frederick Douglass.— Mr. Chair
 man, —I never rise to speak in Faneuii
 Hall without a deep sense of my want
 of ability to do justice to the subject
 upon which I undertake to speak. I
 can do a pretty good business, some
 have said, in the country school house j
 in Western New York and elsewhere;
 but when I come before the people of
 Boston in Faneuii Hall, I feel my ex
 ceeding weakness. lam all the more
 embarrassed this evening, because I
 have to speak to you in respect to a
 subject concerning which an apology
 seems to be demanded. 1 allude to
 the subject of the American Coloniza
 tion Society—a subject which has had 1
 a large measure’of anti-slavery atten
 tion, and been long since disposed of
 at the hands of Wm. L. Garrison. The
 only apology that I can make for cal-
 ling attention to it this evening is, that
 it has had a sort of ‘revival,’ of late,
 through the agency of a man whom 1
 presume a large portion ot this audi-.
 ence esteem and admire. I allude to
 the Honorable Henry Clay of Ken- j
 lucky. (Applause.) Though not a
 Yankee, you see I guessed correctly.
 I have presumed rightly that you es-
 teem and admire that gentleman. Now,
 if you admire this man, of course you
 would like to know all about him. You
 would like, of course, to hear what
 ever can be said of him, and said fairly, j
 although a black man may presume to
 say it. I
 Mr. Clay has recently given to the
 world a letter, purporting to advocate
 the emancipation of the slaves of
 Kentucky. Tb* has.been ex
 tensively published in New England as
 well as other parfe of the United States:
 and in almost n»*ance where ft
 Whig paper hM epoken of the letter,
 it has dose terms of high approv-
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, .TUNE 15, 1849.
af. The plan which Mr. Clay proposes
 is one which seems to meet almost the
 universal assent of the Whig party at
 the North; and many religious papers
 have copied the artids, and spoken in
 terms of high commendation of the
 humanity, of the clear-sightedness and
 philanthropy of Henpr Clay. Now,
 my friends, lam going to speak to
 you in a manner that, unless yon allow
 your reason and not y©Jr prejudices
 to prevail, will provoke from you de
 monstrations of disapprobation. I beg
 of you then to hear me calmly—with
 out prejudice or opposition. You, it
 must be remembered, have in your
 hands all power in this land. I stand
 here not only in a minority, hut identi
 fied with a ciastMprhom every body can
 insult with impunity. Surely, the am
 bition for superiority must be great in
 honorable men indeed, to induce them
 to insult a poor black man, whom the
 basest fellow in the street can insult
 with impunity. Keep this in mind,
 and hear what 1 have to say with re
 gard to Mr. Clay’s letter, and bis posi
 tion as a slaveholder.
 The letter of Mr. Clay commences
 in a manner that gives promise to the
 reader that he shall find it a consistent,
 straight-forward anti-slavery document.
 It commences by refuting, with one or
 two strokes of the pen, the vast cart
 loads of sophistry piled up by Mr.
 Calhoun and others, in favor of per
 petual slavery. He shows clearly,
 that Mr. Calhoun’s theory of slavery,
 if admitted to be sound, would enslave
 the whites as readily as it enslaves the
 blacks; —this would follow necessarily, j
 Glancing at the question of the natural
 inferiority of the colored man, he says:]
 —‘Admitting a question he does not
 raise—admitting that the whites of this
 country are superior to the blacks, the
 fact devolves upon the former the duty
 of enlightening, instructing and im
 proving the condition of the latter.’
 These are noble sentiments, worthy of
 the heart and head of a great and
 good man. But how does Mr. Clay
 propose to carry out this plan? He
 goes on to stale, that in carrying out his
 proposed plaivof gradual emancipation,
 great care should be taken that
 the rights and interests of the slave
 holder should not be jeopardied. He
 proceeds to state that the utmost cau
 tion and prudence should guide the
 haodthat strikes down slavery in Ken
 tucky* With reference to emancipa
 tion, he affirms that it should not com
 mence until the year 1885. The plan
 is, that all children born of slave par
 ents in Kentucky after the year 1880,
 shaft be fsee aftqr arriving atbihe age
 of twenty-five. He sets, therefore, the
 day of emancipation beyond the aver
 age length of |he slave’s life; for a
 generation of slaves in the South dies
 out in seven years. But how would he
 have these children of slave parents
 free? Not free to work for themselves
 —not free on the soil that they
 have cultivated with tbeir hard hands
 —that they have nourished with their
 best blood, and toiled over and beauti
 fied and adorned, but that then *hey
 shall be let out under an agent of the
 State, for three long years, to raise one
 hundred and fifty dollars, with which to
 pay the price of their own expatriation
 from their family and friends. Voices
 —‘Shame.’
 Mr. Douglass.—l hear the cry of
 Bhame—yes, it is a deep and damning
 shame. He declares in that letter, that
 not only shall these emancipated slaves
 work three years, but that he, Mr.
 Clay, will oppose any measure for
 emancipation without the expatriation
 of the emancipated slaves. Just look
 at the peculiar operation of this plan.
 Let us suppose that it is adopted, and
 that in the year 1860 it commences.
 All children born of slave parents are
 to be free in the year 1888. It is well
 known that all persons in the South
 have contracted marriages long before
 this period, and have become parents,
 some having children from one to four
 years of age. Henry Clay’s plan is,
 that when those persons arrive at the
 age of twenty-eight, those parents shall
 be torn away from their tender child
 ren, and hurried off to Liberia or some
 where else; and that the children taken
 from these parents before they have
 become acquainted with the paternal
 relation, shall remain another twenty
 sight years; and when they have re
 mained that period, and have contracted
 matrimonial alliances, and become
 fathers and mothers, they too shall be
 taken from their children, the slave
 holders having kept them at work for
 twenty-eight years, and hurried off to j
 Liberia.
 But a darker, baser feature than all
 these appears in this letter of Mr.
 Clay’s. It is this:—-He speaks of the
 loss which the slaveholder will be called
 mi to experience by the emancipation
 of his slaves. But he says that even
 this trifling expenditure may be pre
 sented by leaving the slaveholder the
 right to sell—to mortgage—to transfer
 3 is slave property any time during
 the twenty-five years. Only look at
 Henry Clay’s generosity to the slave
 holder# of Kentucky. He has twenty
 five long years during which to watch
 the slave markets of New Orleans, of
 Memphis, of Fitchburgh and other
 Southern cities, and to watch the prices
 af cotton wnd rice and tobacco on the
 other side of the Atlantic, and as the
 prices rise there in these articles, he
 may expect a corresponding rise in the
 price of flesh in the slave markets, and
 :hen he can sell his slaves to the best
 fidi nnlißr Thus it is that the glorious
 State oTeeotuckyshall bemadftMkee,
 md yftt her purse he made the heavier
 in consequence of it. This is not
 ■laveiue hold* inherjinjUMnoß,
 throw them off into the Sotnhnpi
 Mi
Staten—and then hypoqpticeily heart
 of hsing e free Stele, while almost
 every slave born upon her soil re
 mains a slave. And this is the plen of
 the good Henry Clay, whom you
 esteem and admire so much. (Applause
 and hisses.) You that like to bias, if
 you had the chain on your owe limbs,
 and were peat ud in Henry Clay’s own
 quarter, end baa free access to Henry
 Clay’s own mealtub, I think would
 soon change your tune. (Laughter.)
 I wart to My a word about the Colo
 nization Society, of which Henry
 Clay is President. He is President of
 nothing else. (Laughter.) That Socie
 ty is anok) enemy of the colored peo
 ple in this country. Almost every
 respectable man belongs to it, either
 by direct membership or by affinity.
 I meet with cokmizrtionists every
 where 1 met with a number of them
 the other day, on board the steamer
 Ahda, going from Albany to New
 York. I wish to state my experience
 on board of that steamer, and as it is
 becoming a subject of newspaper re
 mark, it may not be out of place to
 give my version of the story:—On
 Tuesday last, I took my passage on
 board the steamer Alida, as I have
 stated, to go from Albany to New York.
 I happened to have, very contrary to
 American taste and American preju
 dices and customs, in ray company, a
 couple of friends from England —per
 sons who had not been ashamed—nor
 had they cause to be ashamed from
 any feeling that exists in that country
 against the colored man—of being
 found on equal sjcial terms with him
 lin the city of London. They happened
 now to be sojourning in this country;
 and as if unaware of the prejudice
 existing in this country, or if aware,
 perfectly regardless of it, they accom
 panied me on the steamer, and shared,
 of course, my society, or permitted me
 to share theirs on the passage to New
 York. About noon, I went into the
 cabin, and inquired of one of the wait
 ers if we could have dinner. The
 answer was, we could. They had on a
 sign on each side of the captain’s
 office, words to this effect: ‘Meals can
 be received in the cabin at any hour
 during the day, by application to the
 steward.’ I made the application, and
 expected, of course, that dinner would
 be forthcoming at the time appointed.
 The bell rung—and though I do not
 know as it was altogether wise and pru
 dent, I took a lady on each arm—for
 my friends were white ladies, you must
 know—and moved forward to the"
 cabin. The fact of their being white
 ladies will enqble you mote readily to
 understand the Cause of Ihe intensity
 bfohate displayed totifrrds me. I went
 below, forgetting all about my com
 plexion, the 1 curl of my hair, or the
 flatness of my nose,, oply* remerober
 in g I had two elbpws/md a stomach,
 and was exceedingly huffgry. (Laugh
 ter.) 1 walked below, as I have jsaid,
 and took my seat at the table, suppos
 ing that the table was the place where
 a man should eat.
 I had been there but a very few
 moments, before I observed a large
 number of American gentlemen rising
 up gradually—for we are gradualists in
 this country—and moving off to another
 table, on the other side. But feeling
 I was there on my own responsibility,
 and that those gentlemen could not eat
 dinner for me, and I mart do it for
 myself, I prefered to sit still, unmoved
 by what was passing around me. I
 had been there bat a few moments,
 when a white man—after the order o**
 American white men —for I would say,
 for your consolation, that you ar e
 growing darker and darker every year
 —the steward came up to me in a very
 curious manner, and said, ‘You must
 Jetupfrom that table.’ (Laughter.)
 demanded by what authority he or
 dered me from the table. ‘Well,’j
 said he,’ yer know the rule.’ ‘Sir,’
 said I, ‘I know nothing of your rules, j
 I know that the rule is, that the passen
 gers can recieve their meals at any,
 hour of the day on applying to the!
 steward.’ Says he, ‘Now, it is no use i
 for yer to talk, yer must leave.* (Laugh
 ter.} ‘But where is the ruler’ ‘Well,’,
 said he, *yer cannot get dinner on any
 boat on this river, ltoldhim I went]
 up the river in the Confidence, and had,
 token dinner, and no remark had been
 made. ‘Well,’ said he, ‘What yer
 can do on the Confidence yer can’t do i
 onfehe Alida. (Laughter.) Are y era
 going to gel up?’ 'No sir/said I.
 ‘Well/Mys be, *1 wilt have you up.’j
 So off be goes to the upper deck, and
 brings down the captain, mate, clerk,
 and two or three hands. I sat still,
 during tbs time of his absence; but F
 finding they were mustering pretty!
 strong, and remembering 1 had but one
 coat, and not caring to have it torn,
 and feeling I had borne a sufficient
 testimony against tbeir unrighteous
 treatment, I arose from the table, and
 walked to the other end of the cabin,
 in company with my friends. A scene
 then occurred which I shall never for- j
 get; not because of its impudence, but
 because of its malignky. A large
 number of American taffies aad gentle
 men, seated around the table on the J
 other side of the cabin, the very mo
 ment we walked away, gave three]
 cheers for the eeptoia, and applauded
 in the most uproarious manner the
 steward, for having driven two ladies]
 and one gentleman from the table, and j
 deprived them of dinner.
 Ms. GiUiaw —That is a (act for
 Europe.
 Mx. Douglas*. They drove us]
 from the table, and gavft three cheers
 for the captoie for driving us away. I
 looked around on th* iSlience there
 omblod t toeoa« l eoqfo detect ooe
 Km of gomrtrtto mageaiAmtty on
 any free mdignauon mafttferted
 against tb« outrage that had bm per-
il petrated upon me ssml my friends Bui
 i not a look, not a word, not the sligbtert
 j expression of disapprobation in any
 Ft part of the vessel. Now, I have trav
 i{ elled in England. Ireland and Scotland
 —I mention this, not by way of boast,
 [j but because i want to contrast the
 I freedom of our glorious country —and
 it it is a glorious one, after all—with that
 of other countries through .which I have
 travelled—by railroads, in highway#
 i and byways, steamboats, stage coacb
 es, and every imagiaabiejuntl of vehicle
 I have stayed at some of the first
 n hotels in London, Liverpool, Edin
 burgh, Glasgow, Dublin, and else
 where—and I must say to you, good
 Americans, that I never, in any of
 those cities or towns, received the first
 i mark, or heard the first word of disap
 probation on account of the color of
 imy skin. I may tell you, that one of
 the ladies with me on the 'steamboat,
 though not a believer in the right of
 women to speak in public, was so ex
 i cited and so indignant at the outrage
 perpetrated, that she went to the
 American captain, and told him that
 i she had heard much of the country,
 much of the gallantry of American
 j gentlemen that they would be w filing
 to rise from their seats to allow’ a lady
 to be seated—and she was very happy
 in having the opportunity of witnessing
 a manifestation of American gallantry
 J and American courtesy. I do think I
 1 saw one neck hang when this rebuke
 was administered. (Applause.)
 Most of the passengers were of the
 j baser sort, very much like some West
 ern men dark-complexioned, lean,
 lank, pinched up, about the ugliest set
 lof men I ever saw iii my life. (Laugh
 i ter.) I went to the steward about,
 two hours after they had cleared off
 I the dinner table for those hungry,
 wolfish-looking people. (Laughter.)
 My dear triends, if you had seen them,
 i you would have agreed with me. I
 then inquired of the steward if now’,
 after this hungry multitude had been
 fed, wc could have a cup of coffee and
 1 a buiscuit. Said he—‘Who are you?
 !If you are the servant of those ladies,
 you shall have what you want.’ I
 thought that was kind, any how. Yes,
 said I, I am their most humble servant.
 I (Great Laughter.) ‘Well,’ said he,
 ‘what are you walking about on deck
 with them for, if you are their servant
 I told him they were very courteous to
 me—putting him oft’in that way. He
 then told me if I did not get out at' the
 cabin, he would split my head open.
 He was rather a diminutive being, and
 would not have been. mouthful for
 1 any thing like a TopiJHyef man. \r&gt;-
 pfause. However, seeing
 Saxon blood was up, I thoughts wouui
 move off; bnt. tapping him on the
 shoulder, I told him I wftnted to give
 him a piece pf advice: ‘I am a pas
 senger, you are a servant; and there
 fore you should always consult the
 wants of the passengers.’. (Laughter.)
 He finally told me he was ready, to
 give me my dinner in the capacity ot a
 servant, but not otherwise. This ac
 knowledgment told the whole story of,
 American prejudice.. There were two
 or three slaveholders on hoard. Ono
 was a lady from New Orleans: rather
 a dark-looking person—for individuals
 from that quarter are dark, except the
 blacks, and they are getting lighter.
 (Laughter.) This woman was perfect
 ly horrified with my appearance, and
 she said to gentlemen standing by,
 that she was really afraid to be near
 me, and that I would draw a bowie-knife.
 Indeed, she had like to have fainted. I
 This woman, I learned from good auth-j
 i ority, owned three hundred slaves in|
 i Louisiana; and yet she was afraid of a
 black man, and expected every rno
 ment I would attempt to commit vio
 lence on her. At the time she was
 affecting this horror of a negro, she
 I was being waited on at the table by
 colored men. It was, Waiter, come,
 here! and waiter, go there! and there j
 j they were aetually cutting up the meat,
 standing right over it, quite near these
 white persons who really shouted when
 I was driven out.
 This tells the whole story. You have
 i no prejudice against blacks—no more
 j than against any other color—hut it is
 r against the black man appearing as the
 t colored gentleman. He is then a con
 tradiction of your theory of natural in
 feriority in the colored race. It was:
 not in consequence of iny complexion
 [that I was driven out of the cabin, for 1
 I could have remained there as a ser
 vant; hut being there as a gentleman, j
 having paid my own passage, and be
 i tng in company with intelligent, refined
 persons, was what awakened the ba
 tred, and brought down upon me the in
 halting manifestations I have alluded
 to
 ll is because the American Colont
 zrtion Society cherishes and fosters this
 feeling of hatred against the black matt
 that lam opposed to it. And lam es
 pecially disposed to speak out my op-]
 position to this colonization scheme to
 i night, because not only of the renew-]
 ed interest excited to Dm colonization
 scheme by the efforts of Henry Clay
 and others, but because there is a lec
 turer in the shape of the Rev. Mr. Mii
 j ler, of New Jersey, noas in England,
 soliciting funds for oar expatriation
 from this country, and going shoot try
 ing to organize aoociety, and to create
 an impression in favor of removing os
 i from this country. I would ask you,
 my friends, if this is not mean and im
 pudent in the extreme, for one clam of
 I Americans to ask for the removal of
 j another dam I fed, sir, I have as
 modi right in this country as any other
 mne. F feel that the black man in this
 land baa aa much right to stay m this
 land as the white mao. Consider toe
 matter in the Mart of pdssessfea ra this]
 country. Our connection with this
 country*is cortemporsneou* with yoar.
joM3 IMtm. r*a.
WHOLE NO. 77.
I own. From the b«|imw| of *he es
 tsteuce of tbit people, n a people, (hf
 colored man hat had a place upon the
 American soil. To ho sure, he waa am
 i driven from hi* home in purwiit of a
 greater liberty lhaa he enjoyed at home,
 like tlie pilgnm fathers; but in the same
 year that the pilgrim* were landing in
 this State, slave* were landing on the
 James river, in Virginia. We feel on
 this score, then, that we have aa much
 I right here as any other class of people.
 We have other claims to being re
 garded and treated as American citi
 zens». Some of our number have fought
 and bled for this country, and wo only
 ask to be treated as well as those who
 have iought against it. *We are lover*
 of this country, and we only ask to be
 treated as well as the haters of it. Wc
 are not only told by Americans to go
 out of our native land to Africa, and
 there enjoy our freedom—for we must
 go there in order to enjor it—but Irish
 men, newly landed on/our soil, who
 know nothing of our institutions, norof
 the history of our country, whose toil
 has not been mixed with the soil of the
 country as ours, have the audacity to
 propose our removal froin this, the land
 of our birth.
 For my part, I mean, for one, to stay
 in this country; I have' made up my
 mind to live among you. I bad a kind
 offer, when I was in England; of a lit
 tle house and lot, and the free use of it,
 on the banks of the river Tvden. I
 could easily have staid there/ if 1 had
 sought for ease, undisturbed, /onannoy
 :ed by American *Ai»-enistocmqy for it
 is an aristocracy of skin, (applause);
 {thosp passengers on board Jfhe Alida
 only got their dinners that da&gt;..in virtue
 of color; if their skins had h-wn of my
 color, they would have had tir' fast all
 day. Whatever denunciation 1 England
 may be entitled to on account of her
 i treatment of Ireland and poor,
 one thing can be said of her, that no
 man in that country, or in ju»v of her
 i dominions, is treated as ly*« than a
 man ou account of his corny lotion. 1
 could have lived there; but when 1 re
 membered this prejudice agr|n«t color,
 as it is called, and slavery, ami saw the
 many wrongs inflicted on mjf.people at
 the North that ought to be
 and put down, I felt a disposition to lay
 aside ease, to turn my back eti the kind
 offer of my friends, and to retwn among
 you—deeming it more noble; *fo suffer
 along with my colored bietHren, and
 meet these'prejudices, than to live at
 ease, undisturbed, on the other side of
 the Atlantic. had ra
 ther be here -now, encountering this
 feeling, bearing my testimom- against
 o, settiftg if-at defiance, than io remain
 m England undisturbed. I k#ve made
 up my mind whftrever I go, i shall go
 as a mao, and not as a slave. When 1
 go on board of your steamboats, I shall
 always aim to be courteous and mild in
 my deportment towards all with whom
 I coine in contact, at the same time
 firmly and constantly endeavoring to
 assert my equal right as a man and a
 brother.
 But the Colonization Society says
 this prejudice can never be overcome;
 that it is natural; Godftas implanted it.
 Some say so; fliers declare that it can
 only be removed by removing the
 cause—that is, by removing us to Li
 beria. I know this is false, from my
 own experience in this country. I re
 member that, but a few years ago, up
 on the railroads from New Bedford and
 Salem, and in all parts of Massachu
 setts, a most unrighteous and proscrip
 tive rule prevailed, by which colored
 men and women were subjected to ail
 manner of indignity in the use of those
 conveyances. Anti-Slavery men, how
 ever, lifted up their testimony against
 this principle from year to year; and
 from year to year, he whose name can
 pot be mentioned without receiving a
 round of applause, Wesdell Phillfs-,-
 (applause,) went abroad,posing this
 proscription in the light of justice.
 VV hat is the result Not a single rail
 road can be found in any part of Massa
 chusetts, w litre a colored man in
 treated and esteemed in any other
 light than that of a man and a travel
 ler. Prejudice has given way, and
 must give away. Thl fact that it is
 giving way, proves that this prejudice
 is not invincible. The time .was, when
 it was expected tliat a colored man,
 when he entered a church in Boston,
 would go into the Jim Crow pew—and
 1 believe such is the case now, to a
 large extent; but then there were those
 who would defend .the eastern. But
 you can scarcely get a defender of this
 proscription in New England now.
 The history of the repeal of the in
 termarriage law shown that tfca preju
 dice against color if not invincible
 The general manner in which while
 pgrsgp* with colored persons, shows
 thaTthe prejudice against color is not
 invincible. When I first came here,
 I felt the greatest possible diffidence to
 sitting with whites. I used to comeop
 from the ship-yard where I worked,
 pth my hands hardened with toil,
 vnugh aad uncomely, tad my fiove
 i»eots awkward, (for 1 was onanism
 ted with the rules of polhsnspM
 would shrink back, and would not have
 taken »oy meals with the whiles, M
 they not pressed me to do so. our
 president, in his earlier intercourse
 with me, taught see, by example, b»
 abhorrence of this prejudice. He he*,
 iin nr oreoesee. stated to .mdse who
 sit st the table with me, they could
 have a separate one for themselves.
 The time was, when I walked through 41
 the streets of Boston, 1 wae liable to
 insult, if in company with a white
 person. To-day f have named in com
 ptmj wiib mt wMMfriMfc, Icuuu
 iWiru.wdtttt T «i aiM. aoX jm
 4he first wprd from any quarter an ac
 count of tbt color of my skin, 1 have
"
