"(OMMCKICiTIOiiS.
iVFRICAN SfiATBR\ ITS F&lt;F»
 FEUTR UPON ITS IMMEDIATE
 VICTIMS.
 LETTER SO. It.
 The whole commerce between master
 »n 4 slave, is a perpetual exercise of the most
 boisterous passions, the moat unremitting des
 potism on one part, and degrading submission
 on th t other. The parent storms, the child
 looks on and catches the lineaments of wrath,
 puts on the same airs in circles of smaller
 slaves, give* a lore to the worst of passions.
 and thus nursed, educated, and daily exercised
 in tyrnny, cannot but be stamped by odious
 peculiarities.” J'jf&gt;rson.
 lie who has given the least consideration to
 the institution of American Slavery', the ten
 ure by which it exists, the character and
 destiny of man. cannot be blind to the opera
 tion of that system upon its immediate
 victims.
 It has been demonstrated to all intelligent
 minds, that such title is only sustained by
 physical force, violence to the nature of mar.,
 and disobedience to the commands of God.
 That all men are creat'd free and equal,
 ne?d not be argued at this tune nor in this
 place.
 Th.s being universally admitted, he who
 would reduce and retain his fellow man as
 property, must becloud his mental faculties,
 t-rush hb manhood, clos- all the avenues to
 erudition against him, make him unmindful oi
 his high character and destiny, teach him a
 religion of superstition and idolatry’, disregard
 the most sacred tics of our common hu
 manity.
 There is implanted in man's nature, a spirit
 to rebel against tyranny and oppression; and
 this becomes more active as the intellect be
 comes more cultivated the mind more ex
 panded, more capable of comprehending prin
 ciples, feeling keenly wrongs inflicted. It was
 this comprehensiveness of mind that enabled
 the Adams's, Washingtons, and Jtffereor.s oi
 the Continental Congress, in 1&gt; to see that
 the right of the mother country to tax them
 3d. per jKjimJ oa lea, involved the right to
 tax S 3 per pound 44 and rather than wear the
 .paltry menace of a chain, offered up their
 Jives, fortunes and honors upon the altar cl
 liberty'.
 To prevent similar results from the opera
 tion of the minds of slaves, laws are enacted
 in Southern States, making it penal to teach
 slaves ,to read the name of the God that made
 them. In several of these States, the death
 penalty is inflicted for the second offence ol
 teaching Slaves i:i Sabbath schools.*
 What think you, pious Sabbath school
 teachers of the North, (many of whom gath
 er around your colored youth to teach them
 the ways of salvation,) that if you should
 commence your labor of love; in the Christian
 city of New Orleans, the gallows would be
 your reward, and this in the land of Liber
 ty,” Bibles and Missionaries?
 Why this filtering of the mind this inter
 diction of Sabbath schools this spreading the
 veil of mental darkness but to enable the
 ruthless inanstcabr” to fetter the body and
 restrain it from bursting ifs chain
 Yet we hear much about religious instruc
 tion of slaves of revivals on plantations at
 the South. But is this the religion of Christ
 that teaches man to 44 glorify God, by dis
 charging his duty to Ins fellow man, —that
 ,places the word of God w ithin his reach, and
 enables him to worship his Creator intelli
 gently Or is it a religion of superstition
 and idolatry, that teaches the victim of
 oppression to look up to his oppressor as
 God's own agent, and his commands as the
 •commands of high Heaven? Bishop Meade,
 in lus published sermons, to he used in the
 promulgation of this same religious instruc
 tion among slaves, says that 44 faults against
 :their masters are faults against God, who
 hath set their masters and mistresses over them
 ,in His own stead, and expects them to do ail
 tferWce fur them as they uouki for Him.”—
 And if as contcisusuf the revolting and blas
 phemous character of these assertions, he
 furthermore says 44 Pray do not think that 1
 mean to deceive you, when 1 tell you that
 your masters and mistresses are God's over
 seers, and if you are faulty towards them,
 God himself w ill punish you severely for it.
 (Page 101.)
 Could blasphemy, hypocrisy and impudence
 go further than this? Was there ever a
 clearer case of giving “stone for bread, a
 serpent for meat?’’ Such are the idolatrous
 teachings of the South
 The system of slavery causes the enslaver
 to disregard the most sacred ties of our com
 mon humanity. The effect of possessing ir
 responsible power, is to render callous the
 heart, and sour the milk of human kindness.
 The great mistake that has obtained in the
 public mind is, that kindness is the rule, Mid
 cruelty the exception w hereas cruelty is the
 rule, and kindness the exception, in the treat
 ment of masters tow ards their slaves. Said
 the Presbyterian Synod of South srolina
 and Georgia, in a Keport on Slavery, 1834
 ‘“Those only who have iTTe management of
 servants, know what ihe hardening effect of
 it is upon their owr. feelings toward them.
 There is no necessity to dwell upon this point
 ai a!I owners and managers fully understand
 it. He who commences to manage them
 with tenderness, and with a willingness to
 favor them in every way, must he watchful,
 otherwise he will settle down in indifference,
 if notin severity.”
 Said the late lamented General Win. 11.
 Harrison, in a letter to General Bolivar:—
 But trust me, sir, there is nothing more
 corrupting—nothing more destructive of the
 finest and noblest feelings of our nature, than
 th- exorcise of unlimited power. The man
 who, in tin- beginning of such a career, might
 shudder at 1 lie idea of taking the life of a
 fellow bung, might soon have his conscience
 so seared tiy the repetition of crime, that the
 agonies of his murdered victims might be
 come music to his soul, and the drippings ol
 the scaffold a third blood to swim in/’ Thcsr
 testimonies and the daily records of the South,
 are sufficient proofs of the cruelties that tht
 slave is subject to.
 Property w only valuable in consideration
 of the right of the possessor to purchase w hen
 he has a demand, and dispose of when he has
 a surplus. If there be a deficiency of male
 hands on one plantation, arid a surplus on an
 other, they are transferred, regardless of the
 Uea of relationship. Ho of the other sex,
 *Wt hrve seen this statement denied. Will our
 torr»*i*/ndc»»c give us the proof ?—tip.
and of children; thus severing husband
 from wife, parent from child, leaving the
 hearth desolate, and the hut vacant.” The
 right of the fanner to pomeaa any kind of
 stock, without the right to transfer when he
 has a surplus, or to purchase when he has a
 demand, would be a valueless, if not a bur
 densome one.
 Now, after a careful examination of the
 natural results of “a cruel and unrelenting
 system of oppression,” I would ask if there
 can be an abuse of such a system Can sla
 very exist (eiccpt in name) without the em
 bargau m of the rays of intellectual light—
 ihe crushing and degradation of manhood—
 the disregard of the most sacred and endearing
 ties of our nature without whips, chains,
 rifles, bloodhounds, and all the horrid and
 hellish pantpharnalia” that attend on the
 patriarchal institution It was truly re
 marked by the great Edmund Burke, that
 when you have made a contented slave, you
 have made a degraded man and whatever
 degrades one man, is prejudicial to all men,
 and retards the progress of humanity.
 M,-n tlal fondly txja.*! that ye
 Come of father* free and brave,
 Tdl me, are ye truly free,
 W'liiUi there lareathcs on earth a a!are 1
 t« true Freedom lot to break
 Fetter* for your on n dear sake 1
 J. C. H.
 Brooklyn, Feb, ft, 18-18.
tiii: Way to wealth in the
 MODEL REPUBLIC.
 Rkader! D;&gt; you d-isire to l&gt;c rieh? You
 sec what honor and respect wealth can pur
 chase what comfort; whit luxury; what
 elegant house's and furniture even a seat in
 the senate, and perhaps the Presidential chair.
 The almighty dollar can do all things—
 therefore spare no pains-in getting rich. But
 consider the cost!
 Get rich, and have your heart seared and
 hatdened in the process. Never allow a
 generous emotion to arise in your breast, that
 is not stifled. Drive out every human sym
 pathy, every pttre thought, every holy aspira
 tion. Shut your eyes to the works of Nature
 and of Genius. You must see no beauty in
 the flower, no magnificence in the landscape,
 no sublimity in the storm, no peace in the
 calm—nothing grand in the forest, nothing
 wonderful iu the sea. Look upon the entire
 human race as fools, with whom you have
 nothing to do, but to plunder. Lie, cheat,
 swindle. Never think of such a vulgar and
 common-place thing as a conscience. Grind
 the face of the la!&gt;orer oppress the poor and
 the needy. Think no trick too vile—no fraud
 too mean—no pretence too flimsy. Add cent
 to cent and dollar to dollar. When you have
 hv these means made yourself respectable, sub
 scribe occasionally to some benevolent society
 but be careful to have your name paraded on
 the subscription list. Set yourself up as a
 man to be loved for his virtue—honored for
 his integrity—deferred to for his wisdom
 and you will find a vulgar mob of money
 worshippers, like yourself, ready to cringe
 and fawn upon you, and how down before
 their great Mammon-god, pouring the fulsome
 flattery into your car, and according to you
 every excellence in the catalogue of human
 virtues.
 With your money buy houses and lands at
 a cheap rate be smart in your dealings; j
 make the misfortunes of others your greatest!
 gain; and your tens of dollars will become
 hundreds.
 With your money speculate in railroads
 and government stock and buy up unoccu
 pied land ar.d lend at interest; and your
 hundreds will become thousands. And with
 a haggard face, and sunken eye, and sunless
 heart, you may walk the earth, bound up iu
 your grovelling, grinding, earthly thoughts,
 miserable, rich, wretched; and with a heart
 hard enough for the next step in the down
 ward rual to wealth and infamy.
 "IV ith your money buy a Neoro —an ar
 ticle of commerce in this land of inalienable
 rights,” which some fanatics,” in the height
 their credulity, are so unreasonable as to call
 a Man, with thoughts, and feelings, and
 affections, like other men—fed with the same
 food, living the same life, and possessed of
 the same immortal principle as other men.
 W hich some others allow to be a kind of man
 of an inferior order, that cannot take care of
 himself.” But which you, by the time you
 have gone through the process of money
 getting, will be prepared to call a brute—
 the uniting link between man and brute.”
 Hire him out to work from early dawn to the
 latest sun, as you would your horse or your
 ass. Take the produce of his labor to your
 self. I‘eed and clothe him as cheaply as
 possible. Make him a sort of living and
 thinking automaton, subject to your every
 caprice—your every passion. Suffer him not t
 to work his own works, or speak his own 1
 thoughts, ll he attempt to do either, scourge
 him. It he attempt again, as it is likely he
 will, imprison, starve, sell him. And you'
 w ill be a slaveholder, with the heart and
 feelings of a slaveholder, prepared for greater
 and worse wickedness.
 With your money buy a few hundred acres
 of the Calhoun-protected soil of South Car
 olina. Buy a hundred Slaves, or more, male
 and female. Buy chains, and whips, and
 thumbscrews. Hire a driver. Feed, clothe,
 and house your Slaves coarsely,” at $2O
 a-vear each. Set them to work in your
 rice swamps and sugar-fllds, driven, tasked,
 scourged. Shut out from their minds all
 light—all knowledge. Degrade and brutify
 them. Hire a minister to teach them, under
 the name of Christianity, that it is w rong and
 wilful to disobey in aught the commands of
 their master. If a sla\e attempts to escape,
 hunt him with bloodhounds. Let him be
 caught, torn, mangled, and bleeding, with*
 their merciless fangs; brought back and
 scourged till he faints at death's rcrec.'
 A bust* and prostitute your female slaves, j
 Breed for ihe market. Sell you* own
 OiTsraiNG, with pigs, and horses, and cattle 1
 And you will be wealthy and perhaps a
 senator. Cursed of God, and a fit companion
 lor fiends, ii there be any greater wicktdne**
 that is not mentioned m this catalogue of hor
 rors, you will be prepared to perpetrate it;!
 and prepared for an eternity of Heaven
 knows the rest.—j. d.
Oliver J oh.nook —The Anti-Slavery Stan
 dard says, that Mr. Oliver Johnson, who has
 so ably filled the post of atetstant editor in the
 Tribune office for the last four yean, has
 retired from that position, and about to esta
 blish a weekly paper at Bfockstooe, Maas.
Chicago, Bh t Jan. 97, IM§.
 Fusnicx Dove lam— Dear Sir Al*
 £h I have not bad the pleasure of a per*
 ißtmiea wah jog, jet I am nutmaivdy
 nger to joov public character, and am
 somewhat acquainted with the former peri
 od of your fife, having read your narra
 tive in a little hook which trad published, to
 the beat of my knowledge, about three jean
 •g®*
 1 most eon few that I have felt a secret joy
 ever since I first heard your name spoken of
 in connection with the “North Star.” Tour
 position is of great prominence, cod will call
 into action all the power, energy and resour
 ces of your mind. You are engaged in a no- 1
 ble work; and, Wing a native of Ute same
 State with yourself, I moat sincerely wish you
 every success in ymrr new enterprise. The i
 whole civiliaed world seem to have turned j
 their attention somewhat towards the suhj'tt j
 of human rights therefore you will not be j
 entirely alone in your new undertaking.
 I write very little, and never for the public j
 press; therefore, I beg you will make a rea-
 sonablc allowance -for my w ild and unconnect
 ed manner of addressing you. But to the
 subject.
 On looking abroad over this land, and re
 flecting on the impoverished condition of our
 unfortunate and disfranchised countrymen; a
 [dan has occurred to me, which, if it is worthy
 of notice, I beg you or some one elae
 will urge its claims, after putting it into a
 favorable shape. The plan I allude to is
 similar to those which are now in successful
 operation in Canada. This plan (if it can be
 made to work) would, I feel quite sure, have
 a tendency to better our condition in the point
 of wealth, and consequently improve our con
 dition in several important respects. We are
 all too poor, as a general thing, and we
 must be awakened to every species of enter
 prise.
 I shall here present you with a general view
 of the plan, which is, in its details, about the
 same as tliat of the Building Societies in
 Canada, with the exception of a difference
 in the name, and a slight difference in the
 object.
 Suppose, for example, a Society is organ
 ized with shares of $l2, and each shareholder
 is a member of the Society. The instalments
 on the shares are $2 per month, or fifty cents
 per week but more can be paid by any one
 who chooses. These funds are let to members
 who may desire assistance in purchasing real
 estate and for the improvement of the same, at
 ten per cent, u year. This would make it an
 object to those who would not wish to pur
 chase,' (if there should be any,) to invest
 their httc weekly savings at a good rate of
 interest.
 Let us, for instance, suppose there are 300
 members. The monthly’-' receipts of the So
 ciety are $OOO —this sum could be divided
 between two onjoan of $3OO or less, each.—
 If there are more than two applicants for a
 loan, they draw for their chance of getting it.
 The person who obtains it gives satisfactory
 personal security, or otherwise; that the
 funds are to be applied immediately in com
 pleting the purchase for which it was ob
 tained and as soon as possible after the title
 shall have been made out and completed, a
 mortgage shall be taken upon it, naming the
 Trustees of the Society, if nut incorporated.
 In this way, the Society would have abund
 ant security, and the purchaser would be
 enabled to pay cash for his property at the
 lowest market prices the purchasers would
 then generally occupy their own premises,
 and their next ambition would be to reduce
 their loan, by paying into the Society all they
 could monthly spare from the support of their
 families; and all good wives would use every
 economy necessary to help their husbands pay
 back the loan, so as to own clear of all incum
 brance their own premises. The money paid
 to the Society would be immediately re-let, to
 assist some other member of the Society to
 do the like again, &amp;c &amp;c.
 I would now say to you, to urge our people
 to push forward and make themselves owners
 of the soil. This certainly can be brought
 about by using great persevering industry,
 joined to the most rigid economy. By making
 use of the above means, no one need fear the
 result; fur I tell you, that all attempts to
 crush a whole people in their efforts to suc
 ceed in a good cause, to cheek the favorable
 progress of things, must fail. These princi
 ples of human justice, which have been put on
 foot, must strengthen with the advancement
 of man and the progress of civilization. But
 in the language of Jefferson, “I tremble for
 my country when I reflect that God is just,
 and that his justice cannot sleep forever.”
 Since writing the above, I have seen the
 first number of your paper; and being some
 little of a Typo” myself, I am much pleased
 with the workmanship of it, and also with the
 general appearance, tone and spiriwwhich it
 breathes.
 I am a man of family, and am here, not
 from any choice of my own, but from the
 force of peculiar circumstances, and not know
 ing how long I may .make Chicago my resi
 dence but I will obtain subscribers for your
 paper.
 Very respectfully, &amp;c. t
 U. O. WAGONER.
r Syracuse, Feb. 8, 1848.
 Mr. Frederick Doig lass—Dear Sir:—
 I have for some Urae been taking as many
 papers as my slender means would admit;
 but I have been favored by our friend and
 brother, Samuel J. May, with the perusal of
 your excellent sheet, and come what may,—
 poverty, the want of a full meal, or a well
 covered back, or even the discontinuance of
 other periodicals that I highly value, I am
 determined to take the North Star. I regard
 it as the star of promise to the millions of our
 downtrodden brethren in tins miscalled land of
 liberty, and can no longer hesitate to do what
 I may, at any personal sacrifice, to keep it
 high above the horizon. Never should it be
 allowed to set, until the darkness of slavery
 passes away from the land, and the sun
 light of universal and impartial freedom ab
 sorbs its rays.
 I am myself a fugitive Croat the land of
 whips and chains: and might never have
 made my escape had there been no North
 Star. For nearly a mouth, I desired no other
 light than that which rarer by its rays. The
 light of day was darkness to me. I wras
 obliged to skulk and hide myself from the sun.
 But when the North Starshooe span my path,
 my spirit reeved, and I dared In poem os
towards a bwllf frvwdmn. tlftbrUod at
 an ignt anthar, Mten aalbnAcn, who are
 atffl, I presume, wearing the joke *f bond
 age, dragging eat yentn of living death. And
 what eaa Ido to relieve theta Nothing di
 rectij. Indeed, the fet that I have escaped,
 has probably mcteased the vigilance of their
 keeper*. The thought* Uun, at tunes, em
 farttrvs thi joy of my deliverance. My onlj
 hope for them m in the Gd of Buttles, who
 on the aide of the offTCumd," aad in the
 farther diffusion of the nentunetrt and the love
 of liberty. As a powerful instrument to the
 production of this effect upon the public mind
 and heart, I welcome your labors ss in editor,
 aad bog to do ail 1 can to strengthen your
 hands and encourage your heart.’' I knr
 your paper because it forgets not Joseph,"
 hot pleads for his deliverance, speaking bold
 ly, pointedly do his behalf-daring even to say
 to the mightiest slaveholder, thou art the
 man." May God makn you a akilfU and
 mighty potter, to remould all the clay in our
 land.
 |mL
 I shall be happy to do what I may to pro
 cure other subscribers to the North Star, if it
 will not interfere with the arrangement of
 your agencies.
 Enclosed 1 send you mj subscription for
 one year; and add my repeated assurances of
 respect and affection.
 Yours for the poor and crushed slave,
 J. W. L.
SraiscriELO, Feb. sth, 1848.
 I My Dear Sir —At a meeting held at the
 i Town Hall in this place, on the evening of
 i the first of this mouth, I, for the first time,
 had the privilege of hearing you, air, express
 your sentiments on the subject of Slavery
 and it is in reference to what fell from your
 lips on that occasion, that I now venture to
 address you, and in so doing, (although 1
 may intiuds somewhat upon your valuable
 1 time,) I hope that it may not prove altogether
 unprofitable.
 That the subject of Slavery is one of, it
 not the most important that can possibly occu
 -1 py the public mind at the present time, is, to
 my view, unquestionable, and therefore I can
 readily -conceive that to yous it must indeed
 be paramount: therefore, without adverting to
 1 the melancholy facts that make it so, and
 1 which have provoked so just an indignation in
 your breast, I shall without further preface or
 1 apology, proceed to offer a few remarks, and
 r which, I sincerely hope, may be received hv
 you in the same spirit of kindness as that iu
 which they arc dictated and here permit me
 to say that no spirit of controversy has sug
 gested them, (for with this letter the matter
 rests,) but they have been made with a view
 rather to aid the cause of the oppressed, than
 to retard it.
 It has ever been a principle of belief with
 me, that the most efficient advocacy of any
 cause is mainly, if not wholly, attributable to
 1 zeal, tempered with discretion. While 1 isten
 tto your remarks, and witnessing the glowing
 ardor which animated your features while de
 scribing the feelings of the injured, and the
 miseries of the oppressed, I felt a secret hope
 jthat those feelings of just indignation, and
 .that spirit of honest denunciation against the
 t foul wrongs of so many millions of the hu
 j man race, might never slumber until the cruel
 fetters which bound the limbs of the last slave
 should be broken oft', and the multitude ol
 wretched victims rise in one body from their
 loathsome darkness and despair, to the glori
 ous and refulgent light cf freedom’s joyful
 day. But, my dear sir, while occupied with
 these hopeful feelings, I was much hurt to
 hear (upon a question from one of the audi
 dience, us to when and where the circumstan
 jees alluded to had taken place) a most violenj
 I and vituperative attack upon the main body oi
 the Ministers of the Gospel, imputing to them
 j motives most mean and dishonorable, and
 1 which, as a body, upon sober reflection, you
 i will, I think, feci, if you do not admit it, they
 ‘do not deserve yet while there are many
 whose actions ai*c ill in accordance with the
 j doctrines of that blessed gospel which pro
 claims liberty to the captives and the opening
 jof the prison to those that are bound, and
 whose conduct is a reproach to the cause ol
 their Master yet I trust there are unmbers
 to be found whose characters are unimpeacha
 ble, and whose whole lives have been devoted
 to the good of mankind, and who are ever
 found foremost in redressing the grievances ol
 the wronged, and firmly and faithfully advoca
 ting the liberty of the captive and the cause ol
 the oppressed.
 It is then to the unconditional and sweeping
 censure, together w ith the contemptuous ridi
 cule which you cast upon them, as a body
 that I advert, as likely to do the cause an irre
 parable injury for you well know, sir, that
 in almost all public meetings, there are bul
 too many who exult in a reproach brought
 upon the ministers of religion, and are thereby
 led to treat its sacred cause w ith scoffing and
 contempt; and who are they generally Arc
 they the individuals whom you expect to sym
 pathize in the s-iffTerings of the poor slave, oi
 aid him in gaining his freedom! I think tliey
 do not. But let the answer as to who they
 are, who both feel and do most, be fouod iu
 the donations and subscriptions usually madt
 in aid of the cause of emancipation. Now,
 sir, permit me to say, that as the wisest policy;
 is ever based upon truth, so I can conceive no
 effort secure, even in the cause of truth, bul
 that which is supported by discretion. Much,
 sir, as I admire the undaunted boldness of a
 Nathan, or the unflinching courage of a Paul,
 yet imcomparaldy above these is the example
 of Him who spake as never man spake
 who, when he was reviled, reviled not again
 hut amid all bis accumulated load of suffering,
 even to the death, could, in the plenitude ol
 his love, look even upon his murderers with
 pity, and say, Father, forgre them, for
 they know not what they do.
 The cause of truth, whenever and wherever
 presented, will, I feel, tooaer reach the hearts
 of men, and win them to Hself, by mildness,
 in an appeal to tbeir sympathies and their bet
 ter natures, than will boisterous and vitupera
 tive declamation.”
 I will now no longer occupy your time anr
 patience by further remarks, aid trust yot
 wiU receive what I hnvemade, not in the waj
 of diefttion tuifcui better judgment; fcrfroa
 what yon sfifc, I ptmmeym are hot tot
 sage to reject advice, p*oud n to diehu
 it, or as from one eoM the noble ess*
 which yoo, mi. hare the honor to advocate
 hot simply as a few him* from a friend to Um
 cmm of suffering humanity wherever a
IMS. Now, sir, with bm whk*» for the
 prosperity of tin cause, and kind rrgmids to
 immdf, wfler me tonbrnfoandt
 M y Dear Sir,
 Yoon, wry fahbfully,
 THOMAS MIDDLETON.
lO* The following Correspondence ap
 peared in tLe Springfield papers, in refrrmre
 to Mt rectal rant to that city
 From Ike Springfield RenJikaa.
 M*. Editor
 X wish, through the columns of your paper,
 to MJ a few words regarding the a duress
 made by Mr. Frederick Lkmgtosn, on Tuesday
 evening of the Ist inst., at the Town lliill. 1
 am aware of the disadvantage of one who
 attempts to criticise the remarks* of one who is
 the editor of a paper, as is the case with Mr.
 D.; but I feel in some measure bound la duty
 to that portion of th; eo.njKia.ty with
 which Mr. Douglass and myself are identified,
 to notice a tew of the remarks w bich were
 made by him in his address.
 In the fire-place, be, without qualification,
 denounced the Church ami the Ministry, as
 being utterly deaf to the crus of God s poor,
 aud said if tlie I*l*4 it had spoken out Le need
 not have been there to speak for them. Hut
 that does not go to prove that the whole
 Church deaf to the subject; and, for one, 1
 am led to conclude that there are a few names
 in Sanfis, who have not defiled tiieir gar
 ments by the foul ain of Slavery, nor have
 lliey faded to declare the whole coui.se] of
 God. .Therefore, to make as sweeping a de
 nudation as was made by Mr. Douglass, U
 unwarrantable, and contrary to the spitit oi
 Christianity.
 'There are sins as old iu this country as
 slavery and notwithstanding the denuncia
 tion pronounced against them in the YV ord ol
 God notwithstanding the application of rig
 orous discipline to such as are guilty notwith
 standing the civil authority punishes the guilty
 —still these sins live iu communities, and
 some in the Church.
 Now, we believe there are many, both in
 Church and State, who feel their individual
 responsibility, and aro laboring to correct
 those evils. Just so with regard to Slavery.
 There are many in the American Church
 that commiserate the condition of the
 slave, and denounce slavery: many who
 believe that there are redee.v.ina qualities
 in the Church, and that there are indications
 ef a reforming spirit manifesting themselves
 every day.
 Other portions of Mr. Douglass’ address, I
 will notice in a future communication.
 L. COLLINS.
From the Spring field Republican.
 There was a large audience collected al th&lt;
 Town llall, on Tuesday evening, to listen t&lt;
 Frdsrick Douglass, the runaway slave. Th
 writer was in the llall for a few moments du
 ring the evcr’ ncr and although we profess t
 be friendly every reasoiu'!e L‘ o, hnd o
 freeing our country from the curse of slavery
 we cannot approve of the course or languag
 adopted by Frederick Douglass, lie de
 nouueed the New York papers for calling hin
 a liar and a scoundrel, and from what w
 heard, we should judge that he labored hnr&lt;
 to make his titles clear and unquestionable. Fo
 instance, he stigmatized the whole country
 li as a slave hunting community,” an assertioi
 which liis position in the Speaker's stand falsi
 tied. We would like to ask of Douglass
 friends, who cordially responded amen’’ t&lt;
 his assertions, if this town can be a siavi
 bunting community, when Fredeiick Doug
 lass, a runaway slave, on whose head rests s
 price, dead or alive, is permitted to walk tht
 streets and breathe the air, as free as ar»v
 of liis auditors. Has the history of the
 f»ast shown this community to be a slave
 turning community?” Have any runaway
 slaves been seized by their Southern mas
 ters in this town, and forcibly bad
 to servitude? These questions must be an
 sweredin tlie affirmative before Douglass’ as
 scrtifHi can be called true. So much for hi;
 first title.
 For his claims to the second, henr him:
 would welcome the cause, ivhtibr it Ite an ait Oj
 Htm .77t, or a thunderbolt from Jill, ichicJ
 should break in pieces, and shatter this Unioi
 of Zdates." And he further continued to ad
 vise his auditors to redouble their eliurts t&lt;
 effect this object. Yes to dissolve the Un
 ion to create civil war of unknown duration
 to convert the now iron shackles of the slavt
 to adamant to put back the great work ol
 America, viz: the evangelizing of the world
 to deluge the whole country in blood and
 take forever away from the North what pow
 er they have towards hastening emancipation,
 —these are Mr. Douglass’ motives and those
 of his friends. They would have all this and
 more, for the purpose of breaking away from
 the South, which would be all that could be
 effected by disunion.
 Fro:a thu Springfield Gazette.
 We give place to the following corn l. ill lec
 tion, which was refused an insertion in the
 Republican, with no purpose of enlisting our
 columns m any controversy on the subject,
 (otherwise we should express oar dissent from
 some of its doctrines,) but solely from a wil
 lingness to see fair play in the matter. If we
 recollect aright, the writer of the article in the
 Republican asked sundry questions of the
 friends of Douglass, an answer to which in
 volved a point of veracity. We have taken
 the liberty to omit a single sentence in refer
 ence to Colonization, bseam3 it is opprobrious
 in Us character, and irrrlccrnt to the matter at
 issue
 Friend Editor :—I noticed an article in the
 Republican of the 3-J instant, from a pro
 fessed friend of the slave, who appears to be
 at his old trade of fostering the old prejudice
 against him. As usual, if I mistake him not,
 this professed friend has reckoned without his
 host, in saying that his (Douglass') position
 in the speaker’s stand falsified his assertion,
 that the whole country was a slave huuiisg
 community.” In proof of this assertion, the
 Constitution, the fundamental law of the peo
 ple, savs: “he shall be delivered »p,” and
 the people say, amen id,the law* of 03, the
 living expression of the people of Massachu
 setts and of Springfield, v. hich provides! for
 the re-capture of the slave, and makes it
 penal ofthnee for any man to be merciful and
 Christ-like towards the fugitive. And an
 zandt went to Ina grave w ithin a rear
 under a fine of SSCO and cost of court-'
 amounting to $l7OO, for a violation of that
 law, sentenced bv the L\ S. Court, the agent
 of the people. Three men, one in Ohio and
 two in Pennsylvania, bare recently been
 mulcted in the sera of s2oho, fur a violation of
 that slave-catching law. George Ashmen, of
 Springfield, agent of the people, and every
 Representative awl Senator from Mastacbu
 icntls, in the State and Nation) Legislature.
 t»ve sworn that the slave shall be delivered
 up.” How long since George Latimer, the
 slave of John B. Gray, could not find an inch
 »f free soil ui Massachusetts, even under the
 shadow of the old fradle of liberty, with
 So th bands upon its aiur, where he could
 stand and ba foee bat was and larked
 ap in Leverctt-st. Jail, and ordered to be deiir- j
 ered up by the Chief Justice of Muaauchusettj,
 the agent of the people 1
 How long since a professed wdignalion j
 meeting was held in Boston, by those sworn j
 to the Constitution and law of kO their
 supreme law,at the head of which was J. Q. j
 Adams, because of the recapture of a fugi
 tive slave, who was seized and earned back
 in a vessel owned by «e of the fiiwf nvr
 rbaats in Boston. And the fact that Freder 1
 rk Dough m bad any safety in the speak
 er*’* stand,” Ibre in .Springfield, was owing
 to Ins freedom having hero purchased by
 British philanthropists, ftmn slave-holding
 uid ibff’fifffciftg of Amcma;
 not because t there was free enough in
 Springfield foe him even to put hm foot
 upon. And if the friend wi»h« for evidence
 that slaves have btwt stand to tint vow*
and drmsrfH hark to ahsuir. there are eift»
 sens enough in Spn&amp;g&amp; U who can furnish him
 with it
 Md. Frederick Douglass* mwertkwi that 14 he
 would welcome the autre, whether it he a
 thanderhoh from Hoarcn tar HeD, whrh
 break iu piece* and shatter th» Dftion
 of State*,” •e'fn* to hare hik'd thru pro*
 tawed fhead «f tin alase wuh horror, there
 by “ulufy mg bra great prufantotji about
 froetag ibtscour-try from the eutsa 0 f sia-:
 venr. Dunwg the rrr o ßuo«, when the
 weiiaata tnA to ring (hy the of
 lovere of liberty and Haim of ten mr) .t j
 such a rectunem as UhicW*’. What js,wM
 baee become of your corrwpoodeot, xft er 1
 denouncing the ncuucwjrtt.wuli wli his tf
 ration* about tiro curs* of llntisb tyrranny 1
 Would he not have hern burg as a torv,
 and his properly confiscated for being Icaginvi
 with tyrants 1 Dum lt« say tW cares are
 not paralM S« 1 aay. So suh! Thomas
 JclFcrson that one hour ti alavehokiiug
 tyrwjuiv was Ir wight with more ntiSiTy than
 aces of Unush tyranny, which they had
 rusi&amp;ted,” and dissolved their union with. j
 And yet 3 cur corrcspoodjut ts b&lt;&gt;mf;ed at the
 idea of dissolving our union with such tv-j
 rants. While God tv!ls vs that the ewe*
 quenees o| doin&lt;r right shall be Happy, your
 correspondent, infidel like, thuddera about
 imaginary civil wars,” end!- ss duratH 11 ol
 shivery,’ 1 and the overthrow of the great
 work of America, of evangelizing the world."
 Doubtless ho regards the present bloody work
 of America, in making bullet holt's through
 Mexicans, to thrust their skm-hnkiing biblcs
 in, to k'tcli the Mexicans of the tiinnt institu
 tion of slavery as the way to ect-nizthze Iht
 world
 At the time J. Q. Adams presented a peti
 tion from Mtihsachuteus, asking for a dissolu
 tion of the Union with slaveholders, Messrs.
 Underwood, of Kentucky, nnd Arnold, from
 Tennessee, declared that a dissolution of
 Ike Union would be the dissolution of sla
 very, and that any man of common A rue
 could see ltd'
 Thus they are slaveholders and sdave
 catchers who continue to support the Union,
 the vital and animating spirit &lt;f w hich, in
 the language of J. Q. Adams, is the pro
 tection, the [lerpetuation, and propagation ol
 slavery.”
 A Fhiksd or Fredehick Fore lass.
DIED
In this city, live ISth inst., Mr. FRANb lS A.
 STEWART, aged 39.
 On Wednesday morning, MARIA F.LIZA eldest
 ilaughter of John and Eli/a Ra|ialjee, aged 6 years.
 This sweet child excited deep interest in all who
 saw her in her last siekiK'ss; and now #lie lies an
 image of liear.tv, to !)c consigned to the toml*. She
 is a dower tniiisjjlanted” fruoi tlie cold and chilling
 airs ofcartii to her native skies.
 As if aware of tlie near lanir of her departure, she
 said to tier mother, in tlie lieginning of her sickness,
 tliat slie slvmtd not live long.” She faded away—
 tiod l.s.sed tltc bowls tliat Imund her to tier paicnts
 and Iriends gently, tcwlerly, ami we would faia be
 lieve that Angel anus bore her aloft to her new li rn»-
 iu lieavca,
 Slie is gone from us and yet is whh us. Gretii
 be tlie grass a:iJ fiagrunt the dower* that grow rpon
 tl«y grave, dear chil!. Th;&gt;a was’t bettor fitted for
 Heaven tlum earth. S!ie ha* borne her cress
 eailv,” as one said wlio stood near lier bier. But it
 is ended; we woul I not call her but k; she is an in
 habitant of ti:e spirit land; t!i\ child still, 011 mother
 —thy chil I yet, oh father—thy sister, sister and
 long to us uu argument for immortality and a glorious,
 endless lieing. God called her away in her youth
 an I lMniutv, liec-nw she was fit to enter iijx&gt;ii tlie
 new li ft*. Blie as ready, and therefore lias sln.
 gone.
IOXIJEKCIAL.
 1 Rochester. Fed. 16. IS-18.
 The mnihcl for Wheat ami Flair continue* inact-
 ive; buyers vvoul 1 probably pxiy $1 25 per bushel
 fir wheat, but fir several weeks there has been very
 j little in town.
 _ Corn is 41©j0 cents; Oats
 v Buckwlieut FLur l 75&lt;f?2 00.
 Rochester Wholesale Fiiecs Current.
 s FLOUR an o MEAL—Duty 20 if c ad ral
 Flour, f? bbl 500 !W 550
 /1 Corn meal, lush £6
 f rmn ISIONS—Duty; Reef,Polk,Hams, Baron,
 Butter an;! laird, 20 c; Cheese 30 yr ad val
 j I Pork, (mew) .12 50 4* 14 50
 Do. in hog 525«&gt; 5 50
 Beef, ewt. 400 i® 4 50
 Do. 14)1. (me**) 700 8O)
 Lard (tried) J? li&gt; 8 lh&gt; 8$
 i Do. (loaf,) SJ it&gt; 10
 j 1 linns, (smoker!) 7 (ft 8
 r Shoulders, rlo. 6 7
 Turkeys lb 8
 Chickens S
 I Potatoes, bush 50
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 (f cad val
 Wlieat, bush 125
 Corn 44 to 50
 I Bye Of)
 Cat i@ 40
 1 Bari, y C 2
 HIDES—Duty 5 cad val
 i Slaughter S k
 Calf ..8
 Sheep l’elts 75 I 00
 j SEEDS—Duty Linseed 19 {f c; Mustard 20
 cad val
 C'jVci* .4 50 &lt;B&gt; 50d
 Timothy 125 fa 2 00
 Flax 125
 FlSll—Duty on foreign caught; 20 !e c ad val
 Whitcfish LLI 750
 Codfish rwt 4 25
 1 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, (p bbl 1 SI
 Apples, bush 25
 Do. dried 56 6ti 63
 Eggs, ilui ..It
 Beans, y buth 97 1® 1 00
 Hay, tj» ton 10 00 OS) 12 30
 Hard wood 300 400
 Soft wood 2 75
 New York, Feb. 16.
 The Flour mat ki t is firm am! may lie considered
 6 per cent, at least lien-r titan at the opening of the
 market. The deinau lf ,r home use is firm, lint ship
 pers not iu inmket. The sales to day are 3000 14.1#
 Genesee at $6. Soar; MicLigaa at C 6 06,
 good Genesee f'tfi 6 25.
 j Meal is £2 75tfc i 2 87| (or best and Jersey.
 1 Titerc is a coosiiioraLlo inquiry Cnr M heat, anti
 2500 Ihoi'i. Ohio mixed sold at 8 1 25,
 Corn is dull. Sales 10,000 txtshels at 60&lt;f62 for
 exports.
 Rye and rather quiet at that,
 I Outs 4T4JjO for Northern.
 In teef there is a moderate d.cmuad, and price*
 1 are witliovt charge.
 Market for Pork dull and heavy, excepting for
 [rime.
 BRIGHTON CATTLE MARKET.—Jan 29.
 At market. 510 Beef Cattle, 12 yoke# Wor hen
 Oxen, I Cows and Calves, and 250 Bwine.
 Bei-f Cattle—Extra 16 85; fir*t quality (£6 50; 1
 »wwl do 85 25; third &lt;io 84 7f
 Wot kmg Oxen—Sale# at 70, 82, 85, and 190.
 (owe# ami Calves—Halo# at 23, 28.1? anti *3B.
 Bbnrp—Saks at 1 75, 2 50, 3 30, 5 and 5 62.
 Hwine—Lots In ediile at 4j fin-so*», and sie j
 for barrow*. Ollisitip, A lot to close at 4 ct#. j
 At iclail front 5 to lj cts.
POST AND M HAAS, Prater# in llrng*. Mnii
 cine*, CktiairA, Dye Stud., Faints, Vnaiih,
 Or!-, «ik**#wi re, Bfdies, Perfumes y, Da-.-w-fi&lt;*-ref e
 Hterrk, French and (reman CheaMrais. .Ltriu’
 Cokrrs, lWu.ile* ami C anvas#, Elhrral Ud, UAI
 l/nf ml Fml, kr. Slt.
 Being A«vt# (or meat of the rdrlwrte) rifliih
 a.xl vatm!tie Patent Meiinaw, awl reretrtn" the
 •suae directly frrea the Nunhrtiio or lb. tr A
 they are enabled u, *ll order, at wUokwk
 rrbtil, oa the ntr&gt;#t tavoraltle terms.
 IIoa»j-&lt; pathir* IGL, Me-'icmrs, mI Fiwih
 Cases, with (nil durfbw. Only ag-nb. Cr \\	.l
 era New l«nl.
 Als*»» Sherwiatd’s ihrann Naivlie Mrehiar#,
 wi'h'dii retina#.
 Pbrwgrae Gas; also Etherkl Oil and I-uo,-.. Cor
 on* Tb» ie «hn oci!
 mem/ are! ronvewienre are mrise-t U&gt; rvumv there
 “*T»* IV aitewfioa of Cutry Mnriagii, Phy
 •kmm&gt;. Families, ami others, wishmg r*d» m the
 above Imr, rer|ren«l at the APOTHECAIUIX*
 A LI., 4, Exchange Street,
UJOVER.se COOKING STOVES.
 THE *rr mrnmductmmtf, M«*Uie
 Mtwrfj drttfiH If (&gt;«l or WW,
 wwtmm! to rwri Mn «dwr Mam* rrrr Mwatorf,
 *•‘l ti'MlnrfcJ rtiKtlt apu« |«iMrtpl&gt; a.
 The Oim Inted by m air, (dw uoJt Wu« a tr we
 *w ptotoJ.) mmmmtmi to (ah' ar*-W
 mmy hnck at**. V&lt;w mbr mtf by the toato*s*N"*d#
 «Mu«l| utd mtol Hg La- Wag«-
 0. #o*)i
owrv xoßßiy cm Bivßßir,
 j emsvar rciivi—lai* fuhii a sorris.
 1 VfR-MORRB was in the employ of Mr. Mtrras
 iu Mom lor st-wM# i«vr», daring that time
 procured l*r him ftn* Jiihtr Medal#, fcv the br*t
 Enoirn# f B&gt;#k Cwiinf, niuhiel at die Me
 sir#’ Fair* bet! in thi* city ml ButGU.
 (icnflrmen’s ksbr«nes fitted wo ami repaired
 Music f’aprr relei; and I’nm.iraa bonmi
 and fim*bed t*&gt; awe raterv*'. Pksf Arreanf ke
 exi'eale.l at thi* r«t»? fidwwot have given imevpmDei!
 satislnrtMW, U their doraithty »xJ akimikt
 atu*a# u alncv* p»ki to the &lt;if pri[*r n#«d
 t&gt;» irtkr the la ej*&gt;l t« dir best ti* l Stale*
 or Ur ee uajorto-'.
 |.»’i jtrrfip awl Crard BotUt, *w* w p
 1* iftdi*. in aB ihcit v»*k*tir», to
 wi* r ia tk best sty le.
 Bank#, la*ti(tt*n*, tic., nor Is
 anmred of *i *ei«g dvttr on the soil adtants geo«&gt;s
 ter w.*.
 tienilrmro r*#e!ii*g at a distance, by f#rliftf ami
 wewardijxt r&lt;»'«nn to the above diittfms, fXtir*
 [tkv i»i ktyir.moy »«b Ufaw then bring ar# Lmmi
 •m t e iuo#t GvutuLlc units, #i#o ran tally t*J
 punctnulv rciwac'.
 -VB. Ibe kn nnm! no expense in
 hnmst ap the cstabuKttmcw. mirorwriHft m»“
 1 tstern svt k U*: latest mu r.reu.t.;U us
 j Uooa iMudibg.
 «'WF\ VIOPR!?:,
 j €stv Bmdeiv. m n mr Ma#&lt; um.
I)0?T0\ IDIEKTIMSmS.
c LARKSO n 7
 LONDON EDITION—WITH iORTBAIT
 4 FEW of LAUkfcONV Mir*TORY
 *A OF THE ABOLITION OF THE BLA4 F.
 I BADE, widi pntutory rviunh* »t; ihe s«L*«X|uei;4
 alNji.ti. il i.f Slavery; a l eai tiful L.ndon eiimi
 witli a fine Portrait of die AntW. d. r»* on
 ho* k w tin h cj ni l not l« mifanted t*&gt;r k *s tfe;*n three
 jJo.iais, ran be hud at 21, Louibi!!, if a&gt; plied ter
 ;iuuk\.u;l‘ Iv, a( t!«- too low pi of Oh* l&gt;ot i.ar,
 c**h. Al**&gt;, F.ILOGH M ON (IARKSON, bv
 Auurdi r i Rnmt t.at Use reduced jnjc*U
 twelve u.iU a halfctr.tr.
 Robert morrib, ju.,' aimx cw
 rcllor at Lm, Bra art’s Kuddiuc, r tute Street.
 TOSEPH IT. TURI IN wr«U invite the aunutum
 1/ of his frietl ;t:«! the J* Idic t» hi* IMGUER*
 RIAN GALLEBS A«. ffi m itr ?rr,t, ul.rrt
 lie pif'dges blti.M’if to Ixi cute ALm.tluiis with a lUc
 like timsh, and eti us uunkiatc tvtms as aei eibcta
 1 the j rufeesimt.
 Macon b. ai.le.\,aiti,iicv&lt;u#iiiurstiivr
 at Law, s!assacluis* tts IT,-* k.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 CAM! FL WILSON, 11. PnMtk Bnvt. laving
 O HI! k«U* lent ;ii dilions told* steek. is |re j-a uni to
 funiish BO\ r?’ I.O’IIHNG, &gt;.l a* sr«&gt;*.d uwtnuil
 ind tit, ami at us cheap piiev«, a# e..n U ol t-.i. ed in
 the city.
MAY KNGIAM) SHOM) HAND
 I.OTHING STOKE,
 No. 56, Union Street, Boston.
 TOHN W RKillT ke*ps mnsluntlv »,n hand a
 great variety of New uuu Second Hand Clothing.
 Goo, s of a!! kinds, such ;'s old cLihe#, Vf. "imm!#,
 \A atchf's, Boots and Sh&gt; e«, S.c., exchanged ff r new
 ckilhiug. Cash advanced on all kinds of good*,
 from one to one lnuidicd cellars.
TOHN P. REV*.LEON. Hair Cutting Saloorr,
 'J arid Perfumery Empoiiiun, 11 1, Blark.aiuc-st.
 TV'I LLI AM RICH, 1 lair l'retsing ami llaftriug
 T V Saloon, TVoy House, Troy, New Volk.
NEW YORK A OVERTISEIIL.\TS.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Diugjhr. comer of Fraak
 fort and Gold Street.
11’’! LLI AM M. I’OWFLL, Sailor’s Ilomu, Cl,
 rV Llierry Street.
D:?. J. MTUNE SMITH, 92, West Broad
 wav.
T J INNINGS, Sui gooii-Dditiat, 1:3, Nurih
 J Uioadwav.
\UM. H. TOPI’, Mitt hum Tail*.r, 846 Bioad
 *V way. Also an exteu&gt;ire assortment ol Cravats,
 Stock*, Uesity, &lt;i| u#,
 Albany, Feb. 11, llsdS.
GENTEEL HOARDING HOUSE.
 MIARLFS HIGHGATF. would rr.fectf. I'y i„-
 Ulon# his fi it:ikls aid tin j i,ljli&lt;», |l t ho centinu* 1
 l*&gt; devote every ■iltniiiioii to tin,,'t: pieiisod to fan r
 his “honm” with ii call. Tim house LUaiaiitfy
 located sit G'2 Broadway, Albany.
 Fcl&gt;. 18, irn
NORTIIAMITON WATER CfiRE.
 I LI. undersigned, gruteiidly a|&gt;|ireciatiog the errdit
 A g •nenhis!y aui-.rcted by a rlisreMijiig public to hi#
 sucu-as as a Hydiopathic Practitioner, WouU ic,-
 jicrtlud' ini' sin flu: friends of Hydropathy, tlwt his
 establishment i&gt; pleasantly situated ee»r Refim.itvillc,
 *»o tia: west bin 1 k ol the Lit king Water, or Mill
 iviii’i, uloiit two and a half miles from the ceutiw
 of fh;: town. It is lhiity-#i\ by seventy feet; three
 stories high, with a pi;*z./.a on the south si* c. 'Hirr*
 are separsitc pnrli.is, Lutltiiig ami dressing looms, foe
 ladies aird g •iitlcineti. i hen; i.re also tuenty Wlging
 rminis, cadi of whieli is well ventilated ami con
 veniently tarnished for the arreminodr.tion of two
 IN I sous. Among tl;c variety of Laths in the csla
 blislunent are,, tltc plunge, 'douche, drtnchi e, and
 spray Isith*. 'lhe buhls’ plunge is .lx by tc, Jcrl,
 tiiree and a halt deep; tin: gentlemen*#, eight by
 twelve, three and a halt deep. are al-o two
 cu'l.J c. i MU’ lies 1 biib i&gt;f w Sim li a mit/*, ami (it#
 oth'.T L.df a tnik* from tin: ratal die Inner t. The format
 lias a fail of iwcnty-tvui feci, the latter eigiitcou.
 Ihe .Cfitcrj i.i this vicimty i# nTnrisijuo an-1
 romantic. There are n van. ty of pkasant walls
 pa.-mg near a»wl to springs i f p&gt;iue wafer. 'H&lt;•
 walks are sufiuieutly retired to allow water-ewa
 patients to appear its flay ,li&lt; n|d, r’a/,!y Jfcswd,
 c ijoying tlwir ramble*, without len g xprated
 public gasc or obiiervation. Biuce t*ai:y t xpericnce,
 t*&gt;r tin- last three years, l as strengthened his opinion,
 that the coiw'.ition if the skin r!\ indicates tbo
 character of yny diseases, ami da- *hl.ty or m -l.iJilv
 of an ni valid to I-ear the water ti rat merit in it*
 various fidtn* also the necessity of applying lit*
 dry woollen blanket, or llr wet »hcct, to j ronton,
 evaporati m or a sweat, wlnm ciliter may Is: neces
 sary ami from results whiel, have atteruled bis a; pli
 •KitMiti of tile treatment, he hesitates not to *ay, tlait
 the fltitnr s\	n|tom ol tia: skin indicates tUuhtij or
 pteicsr, and that an invalid, wh* #e #1 m is n.*t atteisfcl
 with this cannot l*e *n|&lt; r soeeeisfulJy
 treated with water. Aimmg die Complaint* when
 are here suect s#luily treated, are prim*-nary kfki tiuo,
 liver couij,lai.tt*, jaundice, acuc ej fbjimtc iultain
 matjon of ilm* Isiwels, pik s, dyspep»*a, de
 bility, i#:l vijtif and spinal a-h elt*-e-,
 or chronic ri-cuinatisin, eemafgia, iii. tica, (n,»«
 limbs, parahsis, fevers, salt iheuot, Krufik-iu and
 erysipelas Ituiam*.
 All puticuti wh, visit this f^
 ermrse &lt;h treafme.it, ,it,ail furnish their.selves *iitk*
 three coinfoi tallies, tliti-e wordien l lankets, &lt;at«- !um it
 ami three cotton slwelr, two j db-w ras« ,ix era#i«
 tow 1 Is, s,mie well wi*rn linen, Pi rut kt LtacnWh n«
 an okj eksik or mantle, atvl a »%ri'&gt;
 Term* fin- trentuient and l .-aret are i 3 50
 week, far. ttv*e alto orrapy i&gt;*-*iw» on rts thud ||.*,r
 on (he first and see.m.l Ibsns, IM vr *r*k,
 fay aide weekly; washing «xtrs. A paik.i, win,)
 horn els.lee or nee, *,ity ,aeuf u-s a room aUnsc, ~.i
 ihe third' tiooc w,H pay *8 W per w«k; on lU
 first amt sesoni t loot., 8 frr r h. luval*,#
 wL, are (eebk- as to need exi&gt;a attratka ami hie
 in tlirir rmans, (except g*r rwalhing piupmu*,) will
 procure their own muses aud furl, or p#y au exua
 price.
 D IU GULES.
 .Vrtkmptgf, Awg, 18-17.
 N.B. The afiSirted,ilr#„•»-tes ef ls ,ng rxaimisrd irt
 leg sd to tlietr eomfUtet*, f #«rii. .1— lla
 *f U*« «A «U natPMKir m llr tr
 care, wW taH ow iuiteJaj# and Fthtays.
 ifshtsawt wtij Ut lUaiu at the mu-
 M!*ll«K fit.
f LLI A M U. LOGAN, IValer Fa*b, mt hi
 v* Iksitr ami *lsa», b#, Pare Uase tibtrt, N«**
 Bwtrtl,
 AA B. L. ki-ep# rm stunt It hand go.*? rtcvt*
 nx-nt, a«t xjll tell cheap Lr r,»ii. .‘•t.k 1 sitetn*,*
 pail Pi rreUir.-made Wvtk,l&gt; Me*«i Park f
 Davis.
 \I”AB»IJNGTO.\’A Dwsna. Galkrv. I».
 f 1 liarttvcd.
THE tU IAW ARi. ABOUT IO.MjfT.
 4 FA PER fa Ui4ikw
 W linru'li' 1 f (&lt;■)i-J4'sc** i im
 M.jrirtf. ll •tSl*'- *J a.wiitf*r, u,J
 l«r ‘t«* akul,
 rm -i» f *n», w wikjlni.
 (tr*uiMl I e !a*ris«lt&lt;» in llrUsur,
 *—f t, »H b«M ti
 „J| I- 'h&gt; (W &gt;Mr
 fee*- 5, &lt;s# u *lt*a ft* r hr t
 /ARE- H BK'JOKF.
 IW’Urfcsr;
"
