"was ‘•creamed down t*v Mr. Garnet, who
 proposed to *mg »/&lt;wri*t &lt;on«, ot which he
 i« the author. After singing about twelve
 reries. I again rose to speak, at the call of the
 meeting hut was again silenced by the supe
 rior vocal powers of Mr. aid, who insisted
 that 1 had no tight to speak in that meeting,
 and went on with a long speech, presenting
 the claims of the Impartial Citizen" to the
 &gt;uppnrt of the colored people. After which,
 he. and a number of others, waned on the
 congregation, with slips" of paper and pen
 cil? i;i hand, to record thpir names and to re
 ceive their cash. This continued until nearly
 half past ten o’clock, and before which time I
 iiad done nothing more than to ask the small
 privilege of speaking. Having secured their
 collection, sung Mr. Garnet's song, obtained
 ill the subscriber* that they could hope to do,
 .md completed their speeches—the audience
 appearing tired out and desirous to depart
 ihc Chairman very graciously informed me
 ihat I now would Is- allowed to speak.—
 \va ling mvsclf of this op|K&gt;rtunity, I rose,
 rid occupied the attention of the audience for
 it thirty minutes—concluding my retnatks
 submitting the question as to the correct"
 •s* of my views, watch resulted m a gencr
 ,'i response on their pan of Right—right—
 nght." 1 then sat down, when Mr. Bibb
 .■ommeneed a reply; but, trom some cause or
 oilier, the audienc-? appeared unwilling to I
 heat him; —whereupon Mr. Garnet again
 look the floor—the fourth lime during the
 veiling. At this point I was about leaving.
 the houi-e, (it being near 11 o'clock;) but,
 while in the act of so doing, Mr. Garnet ro
 jucsted me to answer a question, to w hich 11
 responded. YY hen in the middle of the sen
 tence he insisted that 1 had said enough, and
 shouted, with the wildest apparent excite
 ment. I have the floor—l have the floor—l
 have the floor." JVrceiving thru Mr. Gar
 ni:! had resolved to misrepresent me, and, by
 garbling mv sentence, make me say the veiy
 opposite of what I intended lobe understood,
 i insisted that, inasmuch as I had been called
 bv name to answer the question, and that as j
 lie luui man had allow ed me thus to lie called, i
 right to answer, on parliamentary (as well j
 i- morally) grounds,was indisputable.
 I. therefore, held tnyright to the floor; but
 icpeatedly declared not only my willingness,
 inn my happiness, to yield it at any moment
 •.Her I should be allowed to answer the ques
 tion proposed. This was refused me; and I
 was eu.npelled either to pursue the course I
 did, or to allow the audience to be grosslyde
 ■etved as to what I really did say. in the
 iiceot these facts Mr. Ward declares that I
 insisted on having the floor for an extended
 reply.” The only answer 1 make to this is— 1
 ihe statement i&gt; wholly destitute of truth, as i
 I never desired any thing more than to finish 1
 ihe sentence, in the midst of which Mr. Jar
 net broke in upon me.
 I shall only refer to one other point —the
 unkind and untruthful statement of Mr.
 Wa RD. Jle affirms that 1 opposed the giving
 &lt;d the Bible to the enslaved. This assertion
 I- false. )onr hare been guilty—l never ea
 /&gt;erf to l,e guilty— of opposing the giving of
 titbits to any portion of flu human family;
 old this I affirmed in the presence of Mr.
 ard. What 1 opposed (whether errone
 ously or otherwise is not material) is the im-
 ;&gt;raciicabie and d»lu*iveecheme. advocated by
 Messrs. Bibb, Ward and Garnet. Upon
 ibis issue 1 ain prepared to meet any or all of i
 these gentlemen in the columns of the “North
 &gt;tar,” or in their own papers. lam heartily
 ashamed that such men should find no belter
 employment than that of imputing to rne
 deeds which I never performed; words which
 i never said; opinions which I never held
 and then display their skill in altacking such
 dt-ede, words and opinions.
 In searching lor a motive for such singular
 conduct, I am unable to find any better one j
 ilian a contemptible desire to build up their
 own-fame by ineanlv traducing and defaming j
 others.—f. d. i
 i
 Tie New England Anti-Slavery C’on
 veutiou
 Our columns, this week, will be found to
 oniaiu a report of the proceedings of this j
 (invention, and this will obviate the neces-
 ity of any extended remarks with respect to j
 us character. The Convention was largely
 attended—more so than on any former occa-
 Hun. 1 ids was the mote remarkable, consi-
 dering that the weather was exceedingly in- j
 clement during the whole time. The speak
 ing was of the usual varied description that!
 characterises such meetings, only more ear
 nest. bold, and startling. Among the most j
 prominent speakers on the occasion,during the I
 meetings, were, Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Wen- I
 Phillips, S. J. May, Stephen S. Foster,
 Ybbv Kelly Foster, Parker Pillsbury, Sam
 uel May, Jr., Rev. Mr. Russell, James N.
 Bull am, Kdinund Quincy, Rev. Mr. Sinclair,
 l li'is. \an Kensellaer, (L. Hemond, and i
 Frederick Douglass.
 Iho topics tor discussion were, for the j
 most part relative to the position occupied by
 tim American church and ministry, on the
 question ol slavery and although there were
 various shades of difference as to the manner
 “1 treating tii** subject, all concurred in the
 ic'het that the American church and clergy
 ■ire not only the strongest upholders of sla
 rv, but that without their influence slavery
 '(il l not exist in tins country for six months, j
 -v. n.
 f keoerk k Doi class and Charles L.!
 t iomi will hold a series of Ami-slavery
 meetings m Ohio and Michigan, during the
 months ol July and August. They will
 peml the fst ut August in Cinciunali. The
 piuyra'nme oi their tour will appear in next j
 A eek "s paper.—k. d.
 Our thanks are due to ou/friends of the J
 Liberator, for advance proof* of the report of!
 ,i» ‘"'-mgs 'ln- New England (Convention.
 ,M ,ur J numt «U but useful lor this, i
 Washington Goode.-When we imimat-l
 n our a few week* amce that it was
 desirable to have “Chrwtian* for hangman, if I
 lunging was hrwtian business,” Wf j itt j c j
 -nought that our suggestion would be uniuedi
 iU ‘y adopted. But We now learn t„„ u t j
 ource entitled to credit that Goode was stran-
 pled hv a clergyman—the Rev. J a p rut j
 deputy sheriff of Suffolk, who adjusted the
 ,Q l* i i ut (he drop— uniting in his person
 h y (he consecration of theChunfli, and the ap
 pomtuient of“the powers that be."both of the
 -tnporlant offices of killer of bodies ami saver
 *&gt;ulb. —Christian Citizen,
 fhe weather iri May in England was an
 nually dry, only three-quarters oi an inch of
 having fallen at Liverpool, the smallest
 Nuantiiy ever known there.
oloved fttisews of C»« r |nnuti.
 On a recent visit to this city, there was
 marked difference between the appearance of
 thing* at that, and the same time one year
 ago. Then, all seemed life, gaiety and pfe*.
 sure, recently in consequence of the preva
 lence of two loathsome and terrible epidemic*,
 the small pox and cholera, gloom and sad
 ness prevaded the whole city, and were de
 picted on every countenance. The malady
 prevailed to an alarming extent, and yet not
 to the extent that reasonably might be expect
 ed, considering the dense population of tire
 city, which number* within it* proper bound*
 eighty thousand souls, the suburb* included
 numbering one hundred and ten thoosand in
 habitant*. The highest number of deaths by
 the cholera m any one day, reported by the
 Sanatory Committee, did not exceed forty-one,
 which is but one to every two thousand inhab
 itants of the city proper, and a fraction more
 than one to every three thousand of the whole
 population. Still the people wete much alarm
 ed, especially the colored people, who probably
 died in greater proportion to their number*
 than the white*; which may easily be account
 ed for by the sumptuous living; as it is known
 that this class of citiaeus are among the most
 sumptuous livens in any community. And
 were this not the case in this instance, they
 being fewer in number and consequently more
 generally acquainted, the intelligence of the
 death of one, more readily reaches the whole.
 Hence, the more general alarm among this
 class of citizens.
 But the colored citizens of Cincinnati are
 decidedly progressive. They are advancing
 in the march of reform, enterprise, and eleva
 tion. At present the schools are deficient;
 there lieing no high school or one at which the l
 advanced branches of literature are taught, and
 no good common school save one under the
 control of Miss Ann E. Loe, an excellent am-;
 iable young colored lady, at which the minor
 branches are taught to children, yet, we dis-!
 covered a praise-worthy improvement in many j
 of the misses and former pupils of Gilmer’s
 late “High School.” The progres in music
 by several of the young ladies is beyond ex-'
 pectation, and such as redounds to their rep
 utation. Indeed, the young girls in gener-'
 al are much in advance of the boys. The
 latter, appear to have no elevated conception t
 of their importance as prosjiective members of
 society,—their destiny as men and fathers,
 or the place and station they should occupy as
 enterprising, useful, business members of the
 community. A disposition on the part of*
 some to swagger and boast, dare and bravado,
 is too apparent to escape rebuke, and we
 should feel that we were derelict of duty did
 such conduct escape rebuke at our hands.
 We again repeat, that the young wome i in
 [general are in advance of the young mea ini
 i the march of improvement and enterprise.
 The young women without means and pa-i
 rents able to support them at home without*
 work, resort to trades as a means of livelihood
 i —as noticed on a former occasion; they are[
 rnantua-makers, milliners, tailoresses, dress
 makers; and various other kinds of respectable
 trades and employment; while the young men
 in general, resort to the pantries and cook-:
 houses of steamboats—the dining-rooms of ho
 tels and private houses. We hare now- am
 especial reference to that large class of young
 people coming up, and those emerged into
 man and woman-hood; the reasonable excep
 tions always admitted. There is a praise
 worthy, persevering industry about our Cin-*
 cinnati young females that we cannot forego
 complimenting. Let them persevere—their'
 example is well worthy of imitation by our
 young women everywhere. Get trades—we
 tell our young people they must have trades.
 They must be qualified to do business. Will,
 not the young men of Cincinnati as well as the
 young women arouse? Will not they awaken
 to a high sense of their duty, and the obliga
 tions they owe to society in this respect 7
 Posterity will hold you responsible for your
 present course. Your opportunities are gold-,
 en—why not reap the rich fruit* thereof 7
 Among the citizens of age and maturity,;
 there are several splendid enterprise* in suc
 cessful operation. There are several bathing j
 establishments extensively carried on, all un
 der the proprietorship of colored men. There
 is a respectable share of the market trade car
 ried on by colored men, though there is noj
 colored butcher holding a shamble in the mar
 kets. Several of the gTeen-groceries or
 steamboat provision shops are kept by colored j
 men, with whom many of the very first class;
 steamers of the upper and lower trade deal,
 and frequently make large bills which are;
 cashed on representation aud receipted by'
 the holders, or frequently notes given which J
 are held by the recipients or traded off in the
 course of business carried on in good
 faith between the parties, though frequently!
 the fitst party is a slaveholder, as many of
 those southern steamers by
 slaveholders, and the clerks sons of slavehold-f
 ers. This is frequently the case where the
 captain aud clerk are owners or part owner*
 of the boats they command;
 Several confectionaries and handsome re- i
 freshment saloons have been established du-;
 ring the last and current year, all of which j
 promise w ell in business, according to the sea
 son. Butler and O’Harra’s, Sycamore st., the
 principal one of these, is quite an elegant es
 tablishment, at w hich all respectable persons
 are accommodated, and where the whites do.
 not refuse to trade because the proprietors are j
 colored.
 The various other tradesmen, such as car
 penters, cabinet-makers, smiths, shoemakers
 aud tailors, we mentioned on another occa
 sion; but since our former visit to this city
 there has been another tailor and several
 shoemakers added to the number of that class
 of tradesmen— and also a number of plaster
 eis And several grocers in addition to the for
 mer. Mr. Strange and son have quite a
 good shoe store on Broadway, with a pros
 perous business- Some of the handsomest
 houses now in the course of erection are be
 jog built by colored men. Mr. S. T. Wil
 cox, formerly trading on the river, has gone
 extensively into the grocery business, pur
 chased on the north-west corner of Broadway
 and Fifth Street, where he is erecting a buil
 ding which when finished will enhance the
 valuation of property probably twenty per
 cent, in the immediate neighborhood Front
 ing on two streets ihe first story on Broadway,
 t* an open handsome gray «tooe front, the,
 whole consisting of five, the four stor.ca
 shove the stone work brick, with a balco
 ny of iron railing on both sides second story.
 The upper part of thl building is to be finishes j
off in handsome style with bedrooms over the
 parlors, intended to be oceapi ed as a hotel or
 boarding house, the entrance to which is
 gained by a door vntb two done columns and
 easy flight of stairs on Fifth street. The final
 story Mr. W. intends for his grocery. The
 whole building when completed will
 readily command fifteen hundred dollars a
 year rent. The upper part we learn has 1
 already been let at eight Hundred and fifty
 dollars.
 The next building of note'ia that of Mr.i
 James Briscoe on McCalister Street. This i* 1
 a hotel to consist of six stones, and wm;
 forty rooms or more, numbered and belled,
 with reading room, ordinaries, ladies' and
 gentlemen’s parlors, and all the usual appur
 tenances of the most complete hotel. This
 house is to be haudsouiely finished with col-!
 umns in front, balcony at second story, and'
 elegantly furnished. To be kept for the ac-;
 commodation of colored guest*—James Brie- 1
 eo, proprietor and owner. The name we
 understand is to be the “Duma* Hotel or
 “Dumas House.” The intention of Mr. B.
 is to get his house open for the First of Au-
 gust against the arrival of Frederick Douglass.!
 Mr. Brisco deserves great credit for hisi
 energy and perseverance in this enterprise,
 as well as Mr. Willcox, as both of them
 have added fifty per cent, to the character of
 the spirit of the colored men in that
 place; and such a house as Mr. B. is building
 has long been wanted in that city as well as
 many others, for the accommodation of the
 travelling colored community. We must not’
 fail to mention the excellent boarding house
 kept by widow Gray in McCalister Street.
 Mrs. Gray is one of the best and roost des- j
 erving of ladies and merits the patronage of
 all respectable people.— m. r. d.
Communications.
Philadlphia, May 29, 1849.
 Mr. Editor: —Agreeably to Public notice
 a large and enth urnstic meeting convened at
 the Second Presbyterian Church, St. Mary
 Street, on Friday evening May 23th, to take
 into consideration the movement of the
 Colonization Society.
 The announcement, having been made
 that Frederick Douglass would be present
 caused quite a crowd to assemble to hear
 him*, and amongst the rest the Rev. Dr.
 Parker.
 The meeting was organized by appointing
 James Carter Chairman, and Isaiah Ware,
 Secretary. A Business Committee consist
 ing of Wm. C. Nell, M. W. Gibbs 1. D.
 Peck, was then sent out, who reported the
 preamble and first and fourth resolutions fol
 lowing
 Whereas, information has reached the
 United States ot an effort now being put
 forth in Great Britian, by a Rev. Miller, to
 invoke the sympathy and aid of English
 philanthropists in behalf of the inhuman anti
 republican and anti-Christian scheme of the
 Americah Colonization Society —and whereat
 said Miller is aiming to effect that mission
 by the stupendous misrepresentation that we
 the Colored Citizens of the United States are
 manifesting our approbation of said scheme
 of expatriation;—therefore,
 1. Resolved, That wedoas we ever have
 since its formation protest against the oper
 ations and influence at home or abroad of the
 American Colonization Society, recognizing
 in its every feature the twin ally of the
 Southern slave system and most prolific con-1
 tributor to that spirit of caste which retards
 the elevation of the nominally Free Colored
 Americans.
 2. Resolved, That with a similar spirit to
 that which actuated our fathers 'in 1817 to
 take a determined stand against the scheme l
 of the American Colonization Society we
 hereby soimnly pledge ourselves never to:
 co-operate with them in their diabolical
 measures, but to remain in the country that
 gave us birth 7
 3. Resolved, That we can never separate
 ourselves from the three millions of our fellow
 men in slavery, but remain and aid as far as
 lies in our power in knocking the fetters
 from olf their limbs.
 4. Resolved, That we gratefully appreciate
 the watchfulnes and zeal of our brother Rev.
 Alexander Crummell in piomptly transmitting
 to his native land the warning of our enemy’s
 movements, and in tendering him our sincere
 thanks for the good work thus commenced
 would extend to him our hand of encourage
 ment and heait of approval—should he meet
 our common foe before a British Public.
 After being discussed by Frederick Doug
 lass, Dr. Elder, and others, they were laid 1
 over till the following evening to which time
 the meeting adjourned, in consequence of the
 lateness of the hour.
 JAMES CARTER Ch'n.
 Isaiah C. Wears, Scc’y.
 Pursuant to adjournment the meeting con
 vened on Saturday evening in the same place, j
 In consequence of the absrnce of the Chairman
 of the previous meeting, Rev. Stephen
 Smith was called to the Chair and John C.
 Bowers appointed Secretary. The meeting
 was eloquently addressed by Mr. Frederick
 Douglass wh o proceeded to discuss the
 resolutions under consideration. At this
 stage of the meeting J. C. Bowers presented
 a preamble and resolution which were re
 fered to a (Committee of three, consisting
 of Messrs. Dr. Peck, M. W. Gibbs and Tij
 C. Bowers, for the purpose of being arrang-
 edand annexed to the resolutions previously
 presented. Whereupon the second and thiid
 were added. On motion the whole were
 unanimously adopted.
 STEPHEN SMITH, President,
 T. B Bowers, Secretary.
 Collins Centre, 6tb month, 1849.
 To the Benevolent, or those who delight to do
 good:—
 To the charitable abolitionist or friend of
 the slave, it will be an agreeable announce
 ment that in Western New York, county of
 Erie and town of Collins, there is an associa
 tion of men and women for the purpose of
 persuading the public to use only free labor
 goods, and thus discountenance the now preva
 lent use of slave labor goods. It u a cheer
 ing indication to the executive committee of
 this association that there are some persons id
 this golden age who need only to be apprised
 oi their duly in relatiou to the slave, either as
 to the use of the elective franchise, or the use
 of products rawed by slave labor, to give
 readily and cheerfully of their means for a
 measure calculated foi the eocouragement of
 the nghi use of the one and du- use of the
 other. The committee aie now desirous of
 creating a permanent fund for the procuring
 of free labor goods. Cotton goods of this;
 character come some' Jrigber at present, in
 eoiweqtttnce of the f«*i inconvenience at
 tendant upon keeping (be raw materia) uo
 fql-Krvit with aUvo*ootteo, and in consequence,
 too, of the higher fkice required.by the mao
o torturer for working comparatively smalt lots
 by tbenwwHve* In order, then, to meet this
 difficulty and pot the goods as tow, if not
 lower, than stare goods of the some quality,
 and tiros lease people wnhoat rxeage for the
 «je of tiara products, the rummitiee must
 weed* hare foods —tad that, twi, cootnboted
 either gntuitowlt, or at a low rate of inter
 est.
 Any tndirideal disponed to aid this move
 ment. aed ran give ft**- ten. fifty, or one hun
 dred dollars, or as many cents—or can loan
 monev for one. two. or three years, at three
 or fire per cent., respectfully invited to no
 tify the committee of the fact. The commit
 tee are all practical farmers and laud owners,
 and may be safely trusted with money for pur
 poses above specified. Address Andrew
 Vaimct, or J. J. Sot thwicx, Collins, Erie
 eo. t N. Y. or A. Horaixs, A. Taft, or the
 subscriber. L. MABBETT.
 N. B. Papeis friendly to this enterprise
 will please copy. L. B.
 sieve Labor Products vs. Fiee labor
 Products.
 Collins Centre, 6th month, 1&amp;I9.
 To J H of Orangerillr, Wyo
 ming co.j -V. Y.
 Dear Friend :—At the last face-to-face in
 teiview we had, thou wilt recollect that our
 conversation was upon the subjects which I
 have chosen for a heading to this letter—sub
 jects of such a public nature aed general in
 tetest that I have chosen to refer to them
 through the press.
 Why is it,” thoa asked, that abolition
 ists are saying that free labor is cheaper than
 slavo labor, and yet tell us that free labor pro
 ducts are higher than such products grown by
 s aves”? This question of thine was sog
 guested probably by a remark of mine that a
 stolen horse or watch may be sold at a lower
 price than the same article obtained honestly;
 that slaves being originally stolen and the
 slaveholder having no other than a stolen
 right, the avails of slave labor being conse
 quently stolen property, such property may be
 sold cheaper than the same property procured
 by paid labor. Give the Southern planter the
 same opportunity in carrying on business by
 the system of free labor that he can have in a
 free State—in other words, let the entire
 State in which he may reside be one in which
 slavery is not tolerated—and there is hardly a
 doubt but in the end of a series of years the
 free labor planter would be more prosperous
 than a planter starting with the same capital
 in an adjoining slave State. We have only
 to compare Ohio with Kentucky, New York
 with Virginia, and Massachusetts with South
 Carolina to be convinced of the fact. I think
 this remark will apply to individuals as well
 as States. It may consequently, with some
 propriety, be said, that if slave-holders at the
 South would consent to emancipate their
 slaves, without compensation to themselves,
 the rise of their lands would very soon amply
 make up the apparent loss. It will not be
 questioned that the products of a free State,
 i such as grain, cattle, agricultural implements,
 boots and shoes, &amp;c. &amp;c., can be, and are,
 afforded cheaper than the same articles in a
 slave Stale.
 Were theie uo more obstacles lo free labor
 to encounter in a slave State than in a free
 I State—wages being the same ki both—thy
 question would be a pertinent one. But sucli
 not being the case, and there being too great
 inconvenience and much expense in keeping
 free or paid»labor products unmixed, both in
 ihe raw material and the manufactories, there
 are very'good reasons why honestly-procured
 articles may demand a higher price than
 those obtained dishonestly, even when upon a
 general principle, and in the long run free la
 bor is cheaper than slave lalxtr.
 If, however, I have failed satisfactorily to
 explain this seeming discrepancy, there is no
 good reason for us to go with the multitude
 to do evil.”
 Thou art aware, my friendf that slavery
 could not exist to much extent were there no
 market for the avails of slave labor, and, as a
 matter of course, that every one who partakes
 of slave-grown sugar and slave-labor cotton,
 is accessary to the crime of slavery.
 Hast thou been made free from the bondage
 of sin and transgression, and yet encouraging
 a system by which both soul and body are
 brought into bondage ?—a system which is the
 greatest plague-spot and scourge of our na
 tion ?—a system, the countenancing of which
 has well-nigh ruined our once highly-favored
 society !—a system in which more crime and
 misery are involved than any ever before in
 vented by man Allow rue to ask thy seri
 ous attention to this subject. Was thy wife,
 or my daughter, in the prison-house of slave
 ry, we snould both feel a lively interest in
 this subject. Have we any authority, either
 from Scripture or Friends’ principles, to think
 of, or remember those in bonds any the less,
 because we are not, nor any of out families
 are noi. in bondage I
 For the diffusion of light and dissemination
 of truth upon this, and every other subject
 that may propeily claim our attention, thy
 friend, L. MABBETT.
 Leave Physic alone, and the Cholera
 will leave voc alone. —One of the com
 monest pieces of stupidity in civilized commu
 nities is the taking of physic for the purpose of
 keeping well. In the alarm caused by the
 Cholera this fatal folly is carried to intolera
 ble excess. People think they may fall sick,
 or fancy that they are so already, and rush to
 any and swallow the last nostrum which they
 have seen advertised ia ihe papers, or which
 is paraded in some staring handbill along the
 streets. Who knows what amount of oils,
 panaceas, purges, and other diabolic inven
 tions, not fit to pitched into a common sewer,
 have been forced down the innocent throats of
 frightened simpletons in this City within the
 past fortnight
 We say to all parties: J/esve physic aiooe.
 Don’t convert yourselves into short-lived de
 positories of quack medicines, whether pre
 scribed by regular or irregular faculty. Keep
 clean, be temperate and regular to your hab
 its, eat moderately of ordinary wholesome
 food, and take no medicine, because you think
 won had better, or because some advertisement
 cries it up as a pi events live, or becaase some
 good natured friend counsels it-
 If you are sick, or think so, go to some
 doctor in whom you can confide, nod follow
 his advice, but don t try to doctor yourself
 beforehand. Experiment as much as you
 wish after the epidemic ts over; take all the
 materia mediea fiom calomel and jalap down
 to Brandreth'a pill* if you please, and recover
 from tbeir sf pets ify»« *be pres
 ent leave P#V**e alone —JV. Y. Tnimn*.
 Practical.— A preacher wan called upon
 by some of his congregation to pray fits rain,
 of which ti* crops stood greatly in need,
 fits reply win that be would pray if htn oon
 gregauon desired it, but ha was very nut* it
 would not rain until tiro wind shifted
&lt;C o mmtrtiaL
 «r*B, J me tf, MM9-
 TW market for FVmr and Wkrat itm»
 chafed With (title dein;. (hmlOhmc FUr t*
 noun oath $5 per 144 Ur we have brarti at m&gt;
 •ales, rxrtjH hi small Wt* with;* the pnst few day*.
 (JwKMt Wheal Klk Iran nf«« M $U3i pwK
 at which price it is doll sad aot tnach doing. A Ist
 of 4J§l» be. Ohio Wheat. on hoard ofhnat. sold y*»*
 feeds* at Mb'. wkirtt i« tower than il«r quota r wow
 b«t wrek.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices C'anreat.
 FLOUR **ti MEAL—Dar* 9Mf r ad va!
 rw, r bw oe
 Cora Mai, P bush 45 5O
 PROVISIONS.— Bai-ui.
 Batter mad Lard. Wf r; Cheese 3# f c »d nl
 pork, (oho) II H SO
 Do. in hog
 Beef, cart. 4 00 5 00
 Do. bN. (mess) 700 800
 Lard (tried) ft I |P4
 Do. (W*f.)
 Haas, (smoked)
 Shoulders. do. 5 48 5$
 Blitter 10 12
 Cbtw 05 i® 07
 Turkey* Fft 6i
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bash 50 Oi
 GRAIN —Duty; 30f eadnl
 Wheat, hash' 1 12*
 Corn •..50
 Rye 53
 Oats 22
 Barley 50..53
 HIDES —Doty; 5 c *d vxl
 Slaughter .3$
 Calf ..10
 Sheep Peh* 40 75
 SEEDS —Duty; Linseed 10 F c Mustard 30 p
 e ad nl
 Clover 3 75 5 00
 Timothy •1900 2 25
 Flax I 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 yc ad cal
 Wbitefish bM 8 00
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, p bbl 1 OH
 Apples, F lhis 5H
 Do. dried bush. 62
 Eggs, F do* ..10
 Beans, p bush 62
 Hay, F ton 700 11 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood
'K i&gt;o c r t i 8 e m e n t s.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, he.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick. DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents.
Antislavery office and Readiag Room,
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Voting Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—Theodore Parker’s Ser
 mon onJ.Q. Adams—do on the Mexicau war—
 |do his letters to the. People of the United States—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Arcby Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, us soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
Asylum for the Sick who have been con
 fined to their beds front i to 20 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anya lytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. Thi* Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every disease that is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every wav
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to I*
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal icniedy in the treatment of disease suh
 milted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 oeds, wearing out a life of misery ami suffering with
 qut any hope of ever lieing any better.
 Tl«e reinedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease I Hit give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought liere from different parts of the coun
 try, who bad neither walked or lionie their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have lieen unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of voutb and
 tl»e quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends ami all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove lire
 i diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the W omb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 tbeir beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back ami Heat!' Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms ana stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony's Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rlieum, in its worst forms, Neural*
 I gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumption! in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last len years, and lias
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 otoer private practice or public Institution in this
 country and such has been his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in tbeir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tiffed cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo*
 sitioa or deception, so dial no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contract
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into" the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against mietepi eseotatioas and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what wil be satisfactory, and it shall lie
 j dajy considered.
 This Institution bar grown op from private prac
 tice by the influence of taoec who have Iw u helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract ia case of failore. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid*
 that have spent hundreds of dodnrs in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, ami still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Instantk&gt;«
 whose treatment is different from any other owe the
 United Stales, and is particeiarty adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing aalem
 thev are materially benefited.
 Erma the mure of treatment in this lasthmion,
 the number of patients mast be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight aad
 ordinary eases which may he easily helped bv other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, mdnss they wish to get well, and are wiling
 to be made wed enough to «a&amp; front five to twenty
 miles at a time, aad follow it ap day after day in
 sac pension aad also wilting to he smkde able to en
 dure as amch labor aad fatigue as must of people
 that call thamsrlves well, as he means that every
 am that goes through a thorough comse of treatment
 in dm Analytic Institution shad show by their ta
 ctiassd itreagth, elasticity of motion, hramcn of
 texture, capability at endanmee, aad unproved
 health, that the iron law at in this limitation t* found
 ed on the natural laws of organised matter, aad
 otiasoiprariy its asperiorily over every other d»&lt;-
 ltd to Dr. THOMAB
 HAMwil receive
 he made in huve hLahsi|md dimU*£
 ptioa •adtm goad nffiami as ta respoamteJitr
 jatiha preprinor to mtMthe share expense* if.
lev Watch tad Jewelry Stare.
 JOHN KEDZIF. having H**«*-d bis p-rt*rr*«T
 rrlatiiNM, has mwM«i be* Stop two dam*
 North to No. 11. Stair Street, wiser* be is prepared
 aueaMk to rasfiti ia the ah of m entire «rv
 Stark mf (•anrls. cnenstif af &lt;~c4d and Silver
 Engh«h, Anchor. M&lt;iri*&lt;«ntal awl Vertical W atrhe*,
 G«M Guard and Fob Chain*. GoM m**i Keys,
 Gold *&gt;m) Sihrev Pr-wrils, Spectacle- and Tbunbles.
 GoM Ear-King-. Bmoko. sad Fiw;i r-Rwwr»—*
 good awottarw'. chip: a rarirty of lade* and
 (irstlmri'i Breast-Pin*. nrw sttlr; &lt;fcoblr and
 tingle Hunting gold and pUted Ddurti. Gold Peas,
 best quality. Silver nud Shell C«*b awl Cases,
 Fine CuiW ry hr. fee.
 The above awl a variety of other drstrahfc Goods
 arm IK kept ia oar brwiap**, are offered «o wore ad
 nattiteiw term* than uwwl; and it pnrttraferH
 desired that the goad, should be examiard. and
 prices ascertained, befisre porvhasiwg elsewSirre in
 this market.
 We manufacture awl keep uu haod a good assort
 oieat of Silvev Sperms, warranted as p*we as Ame
 rican com.
 Will also keep an assortment of Aecwrdenn* and
 other Mtekal ln-tnunrot*. which will he sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the be*t
 Brass Eight -day, 39 how, and alanaii Clocks, as ran
 he lota id in this city.—Cali and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING. feithfitlK done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars *t No. 11 State Street.
 i. KEDZIF. fe Co.
 P. S.—To the Farmers in psutimrir we woukl
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 whkli will give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to lie able to adopt his business to its
 variations. Pie -se call and examine them, as eve***
 mam ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15, 1848.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the f itixen# of Rochester
 and -urn winding comitrv, that 1 have remover! my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arrade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Thankful lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performer! by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranter!.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
 Arnold's Patent Window-Sash Lock.
 THIS article, designed as a fastener far windows,
 is the most desirable thing of the kind ever in
 vented, and meets with universal favor wherever
 known. All who examine the Lock admire its
 simplicity and adaptednes* to the porpose intended.
 The object of this advertisement being to call the
 attention of the public to an examination of its
 merits, the patentee will substitute for any descrip
 tion or endorsement of his own, the following cer
 tificate signed bv the Mayor anti Postmaster of
 1 Rochester, the First Judge of Monroe County, the
 j various hardware merchants, and other scientific
 I and business men of Rochester:
 CERTIFICATE.
 Rochester, Nov. 29, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, citizens of Rochester, be
 ing acquainted with the Window Sash Lock re
 cently invented by Mr. vVm. E. Arnold, of this
 city, take pleasure in recommending it to the public,
 it being, in our opinion, decidedly preferable to anv
 other we have ever seen. The principle on which
 it operates appears to be correct. The bolt moves
 by its own weight anil yet lies horizontal or nearly
 so,—is only enclosed l»y a box of Russia sheet-iron,
 forming a perfect Window Fastener, bolding the
 window up or down, without the aid of a spring or
 screw. It is adapted to any common sized sash,
 and when put in, which is very quick and easily
 done, has no appearance of ever getting out of or
 der, and works with the most perfect case. I lie
 difficulties which nccessarih arise from springs, and I
 also those that have heretofore been made to move
 by their own weight, lieing entirely obviated in
 this. It only need* to Is- known to go into general
 PG Buchan, L A Ward, Darius Perrin,
 Ebenezcr Watt.* James P Fogg Durec Forsyth
 E F Church, A S Alexander, A K Amsden,
 Win Busline!l. .1 Mayes, .S Moses,
 WW Hr van, ft 8 Crompton J Alexander,
 J C Child, It Dibble, Henry Searl,
 Wm M Sloane, W Longworthy, Icmoel Clarke.
 Isaac Butt*, A Maim, A Strong,
 Elliott Fitch, JF, Cheeuey, D A Watson,
 Rufus Keeler, 1$ Richardson, Platt C Veille,
 L Ward Smith Samuel Millet. I, er.
 Hiram C Smith, If Sngget, t-
 Cclificates from I). C. McCali.i'h ami Henry
 Searl, Distinguished Architects.
 The todersigluicd would represent, Utat for the
 last for the. last 15 year* he has been familiar with
 the various kinds of window fastening* which have
 been from time to tins 1 nvented, aS of which have
 been imperfect in sonic particular. I have recently
 examined and tested a w indow fastener invented by
 Win. E. Arnold, of this city, which for ease of at- j
 tachment, durability, economy, .uid to
 die purpose, exceeds anything of the kind which
 lias come under tny notice. D. C. M’f'iltWti.
 Rochester, April 35,1819.
 Having examined the Sa?h L&gt;s'k recently |iateut
 eil by Win, E. Arnold, of this city, I gave it as
 iny opinion, that it possesses qualities lliat renders i
 it tar superior to any thing of the kind that I have
 yet seen, and that it will so recommend itself to die l
 |Miblie and lliat it will go into general use.
 Hekry Searl, Architect.
 Rochester, May, 1840.
AIUIURPf and RO&lt; lIRUTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 (IHA.MGEIN TIME.—TI»e train# will coimneuce
 Jto leave Rochester to- I lay at tlie follow ini' time
 j Eastward—at la. m., 8| a. Ir. m. 7|p.w.
 Westward—at a. m., it a.u., 2$ p. *t. 7 p.m.
 Roclicster, December 5, 1848.
 1 “Every Ulan his own Physician,”
 THE HOME DTK TOR.
 j TX'ST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable bunk
 ♦J for every family in tin* country, ami one that may
 jhe consulted with w-rfect safety. A* its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptom* and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 tiealth, and rule* tor preserving tliat stale. Ajipeii
 &lt;ledto which are recipes lor making various iuedi&gt;
 j cities ami articles fur diet for the sick room. The
 i whole written for general use ami dailyfpractice, by
 Jidin B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a kook devoted exclusively
 i to Herbs, giviug their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties ami doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful fur every fam
 ily to know, awl written expressly for tunily use.”
 The Herb Book j* devoted solely to Papular \frd
 r.aL Botany, and will furnish on that point ail the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are pot up and twund together and
 contain 300 pages, price 25 cents, or sol separate
 I at I2i cents.
 Tie symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so tost one may be recognised from another, to phi*
 vent practising in the dark; also the treaUneni ,f
 sketch of g.meral pr.y siology, and rules fur keepser
 I ia health, together with observations on their causoe,
 means of avoiding deleterhws influence*. and sane
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for
 j malt and femaU.
 The book has been written with great care, in a
 I piajfi, simple, eommoa-settoe style easily to lie un
 -1 derttood by every person, and far a practical physi
 cian and a thorough botano*. We can re* urameari
 it with entire coondenee, as being a wxi superior
 in alt respect* to any other l»*ik of the kind ever
 published at the price-
 Families ia the country, and especially those liv&gt;
 I ing in new countries ami nnfaeahiiy elimates, should
 I not foil to procure a copy ami have it at ail time* at
 hand, ia case of sickness as they might thereby by
 S'xne simple remedy save an eSpeasi«e and protrac
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a hook
 should lie ia every bouse as a ami -ore adviser
 in time of heed, (he direction give* for persons m
 health cannot be too finaly mtradsd t» by all.
 TV price at which the book in said is so low that
 erery taaoiK may Issve a o&lt;py, wad w-e hmtll be j
 j vidksK it-
 TV bok is pm up ia Taper binding, ami can
 easily he seal by smiL Postage only nsk to any
 aartofthe tailed .Stains.
 90* Any person sending as sue dslfs* by maul, and
 pod paying postage &gt;m the letter, dhsli have fomr j
 copies seat him frr* tag*.
 Sod Ml )«HT bflhta, MR is Ml risk m scad mg
 money by mail, it comes m at daily, and the bosks
 ahray* reach th“*»r destination.
 fir Four families can rhd&gt; together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four hacks seat to uae address, j
 WANTED—Agents in most of the Males to mil
 this work, abaont every family wii parrhast it if J
 carried to their doers. A i man capital of from
 to $M will be accessary for sack spent. Address,
 mu pau, avA). w?fi»:ier, j
 April 1, IMP. t Exchange-m, Ifirimmit, N. V.
 GENTEEL BOARDING HOLME.
 pIIARLES HKiHGATE, weald imptttfnMj in
 v form his friends and tbs pkfee, that he otmumme
 to drveie every at teat km to those pleased to foves
 his “home** with e call. The beam is plmamly
 Iw fla f«?SST iL lu A9mf
Tfcf fH4 ir«4ty g|©L
 8.4/ -Vo 48 Err hem fe Street Rochester
 LLOYD SCTITT. fr»i*4»« for the
 asrartfeof him, wwaU lUnpn fferty inform hi«
 frwmd* am! the poMir pmuuMy, that he bus romtly
 eohryvl hri and angwrmni Ins stock
 of Men’s, Women's, m «f Children’*. New and
 Second hand afgmref. nddkiou «hm .»Vf»rt
 me,H be w,« huv and seH Homm and Steve 1 urm
 tore. R*«k*. Jewelrv. Fanrv artirfe*, Merhamcnl
 ami agr trail and mad indeed all thorn
 rime, «d4* and end*” of nMeh mny no* h*
 readih ofacained at othev place* It hfe inhwuon
 to. keep The CHd Carontt Shop” wei finuhed
 with an rfuitr** variety of article* fi«r which be will
 pay hhrrmlty and dripnse of at mirhrtonf price*.
 f V.thing repair—l and renovated with aentnee*
 ami itrspatch.
 Dan* forget The Old f'nroMtv Shop.
 Rorherter March 1848.
 Lra»4 flflr*ll4i.-rrff4«R**
 lRB«al Jiflilf©.
 THfi Aanirersan of West India Enuntripation.
 I wdl be ccirfarated at the nty of Hodfeio, an the
 First day of Augmt next, (iradd and extensive
 preparation* are being made to make it one of the
 most brilliaot affair* apmi record. A general in
 vitation i* given to all Freedom’* Friend* through
 out the State and elsewhere.
 Come one! rone all!
 GEORGE WF.IK,Jr.,
 See&gt; of Coumurtee of Arrangement*.
ffNtral 4*rai4 Okhralbt. Frff
 4«rS Anrmal JaWlff.
 THE Anniversary of West Lstia F.ntancipatioa
 will be celehratrd in the city of Auburn, on the
 First day of Aagnst next. Extensive preparation*
 are being made to make it one of the arost brilliant
 affairs upon record. A general invitation is fivsu
 to aft Freclom’s FriemL throoghom the State and
 elsewhere. Come old atal voting! come one, come
 all. J. W. QUINCY.
 Set:, of Com. of Arrangement*.
 May 11, 1849.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE subscriber ha* removed to that neat, conve
 nient, and central boarding-house. No. 2$ Centre
 Coart, where he will be most happy to welcome tome
 of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charge*.—
 He wishes hi* home to be the centra! place iu Bo*
 ton, where the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner, fee.,may meet together,a—
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Aug, 21,1848.
 THOMAS P SMITH No. m. Brattle Street
 sign of the Golden Ball. New ami Second
 hand Clothing Store.
Tke Massachusetts Quarterly Review,
 COMMENCED ou the first of Decemlier, 1847,
 to be continued on the Ist of March, June, and
 and September. It will he devoted to the interest
 ol no party or class, but it* conductors w ill endea
 vor to present an open ami fair field for the notice
 and discussion of matter* pertaining to Philosophy,
 Politics, Literature, Religion, and Humanity.
 The Review will lie conducted by R. W. F.mer
 son, Theodoie Parker, amt J. Elliot 'Cabot, assisted
 by several other gentlemen.
 number will contain about 125 pages, at the
 price of $3 a year, in advance.
 Communications, suhscri|Hions, fee *lnhi Id lie
 addressed to the Publishers,
 COOLIDGE WILEY,
 12, Water Street, Boston
KOBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Couii
 selloc at Law, Brazer's Building, State Street
 Boston.
TOHN D. REYALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 tf and Perfumery F.niporiuni, 114, Rlackstnne-s
SEW VORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Alio—A Gen
 eral Aasortinent of Gentlemen’* Furnishing Articles,
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1849.
 JUST PUBLISHED, and for sate at the office of
 of tiie Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 10th
 edition.
 I his work contains atiout 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about iixtv
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ ctn. in muslin,
 and 2o cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, ami Appeal of
 Women,from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to die People of the United Stales, touching
 the Matter of Slavery By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Win. W Brown’s lecture before die Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported Isy H. M.
 Park hurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
olorrd Sailors' Hone,
 33(1, Pearl Street, New York.
 of the skive, and stranger* on a visit
 A to New York, can now be accommodated with
 a g"°d Board, and at as lowa price aa in any other
 liouse in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 I ami lie* can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their eomfoit. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11, 1849.
DR. J. M’CUNF. SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friend* ami the Public, that -lie ha* removed
 from 150 to a commodious Itousc No. 162, Ciiureh
 Street, wliere she will contiiua- to entertain respect
 aide colored persons with Board and lardgiog
 •New York, May 11, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISEJPTB.
(ieaeral (■tellimce Ofllce.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish
 imuit at tlie Pun.auklphia IvsriTurt,
 Lomliurd Stree*. aliove Seventh, for the purpose ol
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for tho*e
 who may require them, and obtaining price* for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, beg* leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindlv permitted the use of their name* a*
 Rcrzßzicßi:
 A mire w M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Curies i. Peters eg, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Than. B. Florence, Editor of Tones and KevHotw
 Robert Howell, 88, Cheanuc Street
 fliliiani J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Murgeon, Phi
 fct/ielfiiiia Institute, launlsird Street, above
 Seveinh. ly—
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOOD* just revived. General redaction
 in price*.
 Eiae 4-4 Print*, various styles.
 New style* of Pnn»* of medium -jualiiv, um»J width,
 fine sol »*k Paper Moslm*/ Aha* Coh red
 4 ‘asabrirt.
 r^‘ n fine Chiutt Umbrellas
 Oil (Toths.
 «mi clump. Alw, on hand, mostly at
 rtifc* pr t Gmgeemn, Varkms finalities and
 F 'llmswl Pillow
 "Mrrped Cambric*. Finn «-4 Plaid Mnsiia.
 Muslin d* Lame, plain and neatly figured, alt meet
 Lmkto. u arraated free f„« cotton.
 4 P rir# krw. Canton ftaaaetc
 while and colored.
 TaMe Draper and (luths, of diSerrut styles.
 Ch,ik Oottoa Handkmhiafo.
 Twilfod Paula loon Ntnff*. Aim La*»
 Drilling, for.
 and half lloar, fose and heavy.
 KfoUwg Cotton, vwrfoas Nos., Uewched. Irons, and
 (eked.
 O *“d colored Cotton Uu Also.
 ReW.l Ud, Cradled, and PubrrriaM Mugar.
 Dttosa Mugar, goud (fuakty, of various grade*.
 TV whole *«ock rsclusiveK Free Labor ih
 to which the ffofotertbrr wotdd mvier the ww*»*Hfpe
 of country m«rebnau, as well as his foirmb and dm
 pafafoc paenlij.
 M**h pa.«* m taken by the Manager, of the Free
 Produce Association. to asstst the Habacriber to an.
 have the oMUatat (rum tune to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northweat corner Fifth and (W,
 PVdadrlfdim Id am. Ist, IIMH. |f,
 fAll ARLES JONIW, ffilTi
 e?z? rri tSSSitft?
 ferteUe Roam k 1
 Pkiladel|kia, Dec 1. tAdS
"
