"poetry.
 Finn the Nm&gt; Haven J&lt; vrnal.
 OLD HOtJUBB.
 av tt ir»irTH c.
 I tore with n step to rtriv
 And took on howestewd ton* «»d ‘*W»
 tnd to w«it» w ith il* fete ww faneifel ht,
 HtOflCh ilf burden, perchance, i* a rale twice t«*H,
 I love to think of the by gone time.
 When hope and love were in their pome.
 When the Sonne wan new, arid it* inmate* voting,
 And the wait* with merry voice* nmp,;
 And f wem to hear, a* I loitering stay,
 I'he mnrmtn of distant tow* that any,
 l ike the low refrain of a MH'row'ful lay.
 Passing away
 1 love to i«eople each desolate room
 With youthful form* and glance* be ght.
 And to 'ireea that 1 aee, amid the gloom.
 The kmdtiag glow of a bewth-hre’e light,
 Till the air i« full of a golden base,
 And the crisping sound of the genial blase.
 Ami young and old are around the hearth,
 W ah their cheerful smiles, and their tone* of mirth.
 And face* peep out from the open door,
 And the w indows, that vines have tangled o’er,
 And voice respond*. Those day* of yore
 Return no more"’
 I seem to enter the desolate hall,
 And I gaze with a sorrowful glance around.
 And I hear the pattering ram-drop* 611
 tin the dusty panes, with a slumbrous sound;
 And I wander on from room to room,
 With their mouldering walls and their shadowy
 gloom.
 And my footstep* fall with a hollow sound,
 That is echoed hark In all around,
 As if voice* far in the distance said,
 Tiie wandering feet Umt before thee sped,
 Have gone lefore to the place of the dead
 Oh lightly tread V
 Tis thus I dream, and my fancy lead*
 Her second sight to the dreamer’s eye,
 And think of the coming time, oh friends,
 hen the«e days of oun shall hare all passed by;
 When our happy homes, by the elm trees’ stiade,
 And the quiet depths of each green arcade,,
 Shall lie ruined homestead* old and lone,
 And tliesc hUinta to a populous city have grown,
 And some, perrhauce, shall wander there,
 Mid dir homesteads stranger hand* shall spare,
 And shall ask of tin, with a kindly care,
 Where are tliey, where'?*’
 And I think of tliat home that is far away,
 That 4 house not made with hands," above,
 Where the weary feet no more shall stray,
 And I In* household Uui.l of the friend* we love
 Shall form the spirit’s golden chain,
 Whose links shall never lie broken again—
 Where happy smiles sliali our lieart* illume.
 Where flower* shall smile in endless bloom—
 Wliere those who have crossed the River’s foain,
 from the land beyond, shall never roant,
 And are calling to u», from Heaven’s blue dome,
 ('dine home? come home?*
THE TEMPEST.
 BV J**rs T. FIELDS.
 We were crowded iu tlie cabin,
 .Not a soul would dare to sleep—
 ft was midnight on tlie waters.
 And a storm was on the deep.
 Tis a feaiful tiling in w inter
 To be shattered in the bias:,
 And to hear the rattling trumpet
 I bunder, Cut away the inast!”
 So we shuddered there in silence—
 For tlie stoutest held his breath,
 While the hungry sea wa* roaring,
 And tlie breaker* talked with Death.
 As thus we sat in darknesß,
 Each one busy in hi* prayers,
 44 We are lost!" the captain shouted,
 As lie staggered down tlie stair*.
 But his little daughter whispered,
 As site took Ids icy hand,
 44 le’nt God upon the ocean,
 Just the same as on the land?"
 Then we kissed the little maiden,
 And we spoke in better cheer.
 And we anchored safe in hatbor,
 Wlten the morn was shining clear.
 From tlie Dublin University Magazine.
 THE FALLE.\.
 W«- had hopes that rose as proudly
 As each sculptured marble shrine;
 And our prophet* spake as loudly
 As their oracles divine;
 Grand resolves of giant daring,
 Such as Titans breathed of old,
 Brilliant aims their front uprearing,
 Like a temple roofed w ith gold.
 Souls of fire, like columns pointing.
 Flame like upward to the skies;
 Lloriou- brow* which God’s anointing
 Consecrated altar-wise;
 Stainless hearts, like temples ciden,
 .None but priests have ever trod;
 Hands as pure as were ti e golden
 Staves which liore the ark of God.
 th, tliey built up radiant visions,
 Like an iris after rain;
 How all Paradise tradition*
 Might be made u» live •gam;
 Of humanity’s sad story,
 How their hand should turn tlie page,
 And tlie ancient primal glory
 Fling upon this latter age.
 How with godlike aspirations,
 I p the souls of men would climL,
 Till tlie fallen enslaved nations
 Trod in rythmic march sublime,
 Reaching heights the people knev^not,
 Till tlieir prophet leaders led—
 Rallied in light that mortals kuew not,
 bile the spirit life lie* dead.
 How tlie pallid sons of labor,
 They tliould toil ami toil to raise,
 1 ill a glory, like to Tabor,
 Onre again should meet earth’s gare;
 How tlie poor, no longer keeping
 f "unt of hfe alone by groana,
 With tlie strong cry of tlieir weeping.
 Start the :ing c l s thrones.
 Ah, that vision's bright ideal.
 Must it fade and perish ihu*
 Must it* fall alone r a
 Are its ruins trod by u«»
 Ah, they dreamed an El Dorado.
 Given not to mortal sight;
 Vet the souls that walk in shadow
 S*,ill bend ferward to iu light.
 Earnest dreamer*, sooth we blame not.
 If ye failed to reach tlie goal—
 If the glorious Real came not
 At the Wrong prayer of your soul;
 By the path you’ve trod to duty,
 Blessiog* yet to in*n may flow,
 Though the proud and stalely beauts
 oi (uw nuMsuiie Irih tow.
 llaik, dial m-tlenf a &lt;ire&gt;-,
 '•tifT w ith lavishYontfines*;
 Herr comes one whose cheeks would flu* i
 Hut to have her garment* brush
 ’Gainst tlie girl whose huger* thin
 VV ove tne weary broidery in;
 And iu midnight's chill and murk
 Mulched Im life mio the work
 Ueiwioin b .rV Mnrrl from her U*ib
 le« be, fem. 0W...U, might SOll
 Irutn he, l*uer thought
 llveet s-eaae ami foigei-dieasot
 felilliMg be, ilnpaii
 Will, the eiut.few* wo**., (her* U»*U
0 election a.
LIBERATE THE NADXAIT.
 (TV folio*™* intemKiag tkeu* of iW im
 *r**l n r bjr ll*i FrcuHi philocopbrr and pfcti
 antl«ropi*i, Ti.irl, in K «m» bmmtka bj moral
 ainnr. frt&gt;m an arrouni wriltm by b»
 •no —J
 U wai in the latter end of 179*2, that
 Pinel, who had been appointed some
 time before medical superintendent of
 the Bicetre (the Madhouse of Paris,)
 urgently applied for permission from
 the authorities to abolish the use of the
 irons with which the lunatics were then
 loaded. Unsuccessful, but resolved to
 gain his object, he repeated his com
 plaints with redoubled ardor before the
 Commune of Paris, and demanded the
 reform of this barbarous system.
 “Citizen,’ replied one of the mem
 bers of the Commune, “to-morrow 1
 will pay you and Bicetre a visit. But
 wo to you if you deceive us, and are
 concealing the enemies of the people a
 mongst your madmen!"
 The member of the Commune who
 spoke thus wasCouthoe. The next day
 he arrived at the Bicetre.
 Couthon was himself, perhaps, as
 strange a sight as that which he had
 come to see. Deprived of the use of
 both his legs, he was always carried a
 bout on men’s shoulders; and thus
 mounted and deformed, he, with a soft
 and feminine voice, pronounced sen
 tences of death; for death was the only
 logic at that moment. Couthon wished
 to see and personally to question the
 lunatics one after another. He was
 conducted to their quarter of the build
 ing; but to all his questions he reciev
 ed but insults and sanguinary address
 es, and heard nothing amidst the con
 fused cries and mad howling but the
 chilling clank of the chain reverberat
 ing through the disgustingly dirty and
 damp vaults. Soon fatigued by the
 monotony of the spectacle, and the futili
 ty of his inquiries, Couthon turned
 round to Pinel, and said, “Ah! citizen
 are not you yourself mad to think of un
 chaining such animals?”
 “Citizen," replied the other, “I am
 convinced that these lunatics have be
 come so unmanageable solely because
 they are deprived of air and liberty,
 and I venture to hope a great deal from
 a thoroughly different method."
 Well, then, do what you like with
 them; 1 give them up to you. But I
 fear you will fall a victim to your pre
 sumption.
 Now master of his actions, Pinel
 commenced the next day his enterprise,
 the real difficulties of which he had
 never for a moment disguised from
 himself. He contemplated liberating
 about fifty madmen without danger to
 the more peaceable inmates. He decid
 ed to unchain but twelve as a first ex
 periment.—The only precaution he
 {judged necessary to adopt, was to pre
 pare an equal number of waistcoats,
 those made of stout linen, with long
 sleeves, and fastened at the back, by
 means of which it js easy to prevent a
 lunatic doing serious mischief.
 The first whom Pinel addressed was
 the oldest in this scene of misery. He
 was an English captain: his history
 was unknown; and he had been com
 fined there for forty years. He was
 considered the most fc :dl.
 His keepers even approacu-u with
 caution; for in a fit of violence he had
 struck one of the servants with his
 chains, and killed him on the spot. He
 was more harshly treated than the
 others, and this severity and complete
 abandonment only tended still more to
 exasperate his naturally violent
 temper.
 Pinel entered his cell alone, and ad
 dressed him calmly. ‘Captain/ said he,
 “if I take offyour chains, and give you
 liberty to walk up and down the yard,
 will you promise rne to be reasonable,
 and to injure no one?”
 “1 will promise you; but you are
 making game of me. They are all too
 much afraid of mo, even you your
 self?"
 “No, indeed, I’m not afraid,"replied
 Pinel; “for I have six men outside to
 make you respect me; but believe my
 word; confide in me, and be docile. I
 intend to liberate you if you will put on
 this linen waistcoat in place of your
 heavy chains."
 The captain willingly agreed to all
 they required of him, only shrugging his
 shoulders and never uttering a word.—
 In a few minutes his irons were com
 pletely loosened, and the doctor and his
 assistants retired, leaving the door of
 his cell open.
 Several times be stood up, but sank
 i down again. He had been in a sitting
 posture for such a length of time; that
 he had almost lost the use of his limbs.
 —However, at the end of a quarter of
 an hour, he succeeded in preserving
 his equilibrium: and from the depth of
 his dark cell lie advanced, tottering,
 towards the door. His first movement
 was to look up at the heavens, and to
 j cry out in ecstacy, “How beautiful!"
 During the whole day, he never ceased
 running up and down ihe stairs always
 exclaiming, “How beautiful! How
 I delightful!" In the evening he return-
 I ed of his own accord to his cell, slept
 tranquilly on a good bed which had
 been provided for him in the meantime,
 and during the following two years
 which he spent at the Bicetre, he never
 again had a violent fit; he even made
 himself useful, exercising a certain au
 thority over the other lunatics, govern
 ing them after his fashion, and estab
 lishing himself as a kind of superintend
 ent.
 neighbor in captivity was not
 less worthy of pity. He was an old
 rench officer, who had been in chains
 for the past thirty years, having been
 B »i‘cted with one of those terrible re
 jhgious monomonins of we even
 i ««"-a-daya such frequent example*
 Oi weak understanding and lively im
 agination, he conceived himself destin
 iron tonne baptism of blood—
 that is to say, to kill his fellow-creature,
 m order to save them from hell, and to
 send them straight to heaven, there to
 oojoy the felicuy of the bleued! This
 horrible idea was the c «u« of hi. com
 mitting a frightful crime. He com
 menced hi. homicidal miMion by plumr
 “f heart of hi. own
 child. Hewa. declared inaane, con
 fined for life in the Bieetre, and had
 keen afflicted for yean with this revolt
 ‘«i madnee- Calmnese at length re
turned, but without ream; be cat on a
 stone silent and itnmovaole, resembling
 an emanciated spectre of remorse. His
 limits were still loaded with the same
 irons as when first he was confined, but
 which he had no longer strength to lift.
 l They were left on him .ns much from
 habit as from the remembrance of his
 crime. His case was hopeless. Ur.
 Pinel had him carried to a bed in the
 infirmary, his legs, however, were so
 stiff and contracted, that all attempta to
 beud failed. In this state he lived a
 few' months longer, and then died, with
 out being aware of his release.
 The third presented a strong con
 trast. He was a man in the prime of
 life, with sparkling eyes; his bearing
 haughty, and gestures dramatic. In
 hisjroutb, he had been a literary char
 acter. He was gentle, witty, and had
 a brilliant imagination, He composed
 romances, full of lore, expressed in
 impassioned language. He wrote un
 ceasingly; and in order to devote him
 self with greater ardor to his favorite
 compositions, he ended by locking him
 self up in his room, often passing the
 day without food, and the night with
 out sleep. To complete all, an unfor
 tunate passion added to his excitement;
 he fell in love with the daughter of one
 of his neighbors. She, however, soon
 grew tired of the young author, was
 inconstant to him, and did not even al
 low him the consolation of a doubt.
 During a whole year, the anguish of
 the poor dreamer was the more bitter
 from concealment.—At length, one fine
 day, he saw’ the absurdity of his des
 pair, and passing from one extreme to
 the other, gave himself up to every
 kind of excess. His reason fled, and
 taken to the Bicetre in a raging fit, he
 remained confined lor twelve years in
 the dark cell where Pinel found him
 flinging about his chains with violence.
 —This madrpan was more turbulent
 than dangerous, and incapable of un
 derstanding the good intended to him,
 it was necessary to employ force to
 loose his irons. Once he felt himself
 at liberty, he commenced running round
 and. round the courtyard, until his
 breath failing, he fell down quite ex
 hausted. This excitement continued
 for some weeks, but unaccompanied by
 violence, as formerly. The kindness
 shown to him by the doctor, and the
 especial interest lie took in this invalid,
 soon restored him to reason.—Unfor
 tunately, he was permitted to leave the
 asylum and return to the world, then
 in such a state of agitation; he joined
 the political factions of the day, with all
 the vehemence of his passions, and was
 beheaded on the Bth Thermidor.
 Pinel entered the fourth cell. It was
 that of Chevinge, whose liberation was
 one of the most memorable events of
 that day.
 Chevinge had been a soldier of the
 French Guard, and had only one fault—
 that of drunkenness. But once the
 wine mounted into his head, he grew
 quarrelsome, violent and most danger
 ous, from his prodigious strength.
 Frequent excesses caused his dismis
 sal from his corps, and he soon squan
 dered his scanty resources. At length
 shame and misery plunged him in des
 pair, and his mind became affected. He
 imagined that he had become a general,
 and fought all who did not acknowledge
 his rank. It was at the termination of
 a mad scene of this kind that he was
 brought to the Bicetre in a state of fury.
 He had been chained for ten years,
 and with stronger fetters than his com
 panions, for he had often succeeded in
 breaking his chains by the mere force
 of his hands. Once, in particular, when
 by this means he had obtained a few
 moments of liberty,. he defied all the
 keepers together to force him to return
 to his cell, and only did so after com
 pelling them to pass under his uplifted
 leg. This inconceivable act of prow
 ess he performed on the eight men w ho
 were trying to master him. From
 henceforth his strength became a pro
 verb at the Bicetre. By repeatedly
 visiting him, Pinel discovered that good
 dispositions lay hidden beneath violence
 of character, constantly kept excited
 by cruel treatment. On one occasion,
 he promised to ameliorate his condition,
 and this promise alone had greatly
 tranquilized him. Pinel now ventured
 to announce to him that he should no
 longer be forced to wear his chains.
 “And to prove that I have confidence
 in you,” added he, “and that I consider
 you to be a man capable of doing good,
 you shall assist me in releasing those
 unfortunate individuals who do not pos
 sess their reason like you. If you con
 duct yourself properly, as I have cause
 to hope you will, I shall then take you
 into my service, and you shall not leave
 me.”
 Never in the mind of man was there
 seen so sudden or complete a change;
 the keepers themselves were forced to
 respect Chevinge from his conduct. No
 sooner was he uuchaioed than he be
 came docile, attentive, watching every
 movement of Pinel, so as to execute his
 orders dexterously and promptly, ad
 dressing words ol kindness and reason
 to those lunatics with whom he had been
 on a level but a tew hours previously,
 but in whose presence he now felt the
 full dignity of liberty. This man who
 had been unhumanized by his chains
 during the best years of his life, and
 who doubtless would have dragged on
 this agonizing existence for a consider
 able length of time, became at once a
 model of good conduct and gratitude.
 Frequently in those perilous times he
 saved Pinel s life; and one day amongst
 others, rescued him from a band of’
 ruffians, who were dragging him off® 1
 la lanieme, an elector of 17fe9. During
 a threatened iamine, he every morning
 left the Bicetre, and never returned
 without provisions, which at that mo
 ment were unpurchaseable even for
 gold. The remaider ofhis life was but
 Line coiiUuueu «ci of devotion to his lib
 erator.
 Next room to Chevinge, three unfor
 tunate soldiers Had in phnna fna
 fears, without any one knowing the]
 cause of this rigor. They were gene- j
 rally quiet and inoffensive, speaking on-1
 \y to each other, and that in a language
 unintelligible to the rest of the prison
 era. They had, however, been grant
 sd the only privilege which the? seem
 »d capable of appreciating— that of be
 flf always together m the sane cell
 W hen they became aware of a change
 J» their usual mode of treatment, the/
 inspected it te proceed from u amend 17
 ■emote, and violoatly opposed the
Mp' j#
 i loosening of their irons. —When libera
 ted, thepr would not leave their prison
 ij Either from grief or want of under
 standing, these unhappv cretures were
 insensible to the liberty now offered to
 them.
 i After them came singular person
 i age, one of those men whose malady
 is the more difficult of cure, from its be
 j ing “a fixed idea,” occasioned by ex
 it cessive pride. He was an old elergy
 i| man, who thought himself Christ. His
 1 I exterior corresponded to the vanity of
 Ibis belief: bis gait was measured and
 solemn; his smile sweet yet severe, for
 bade the least familiarity; everything,
 f! even to the arrangement of his hair,
 j which hung down in long curls on each
 i| side of his pale, resigned and expressive
 countenance, gave him a singular re
 semblance to the beautiful bead of our
 i Saviour. If they tried to perplex him,
 i and said, “If thou art him whom
 thou pretendest: in short, if thou art
 God, break thy chains and liberate thy
 self!” He immediately, with pride and
 dignity, replied, “In vain .shait thou
 tempt tny Lord!” The sublimity of
 human arrogance in derangement!
 The life olf this man was a complete
 romance, in which religious enthusiasm
 played the first part. He had made
 pilgrimages on foot to Cologne and
 Home, and had then embarked for
 America, where, among the savages,
 he risked his life in the hope of convert
 ing them to the true faith. But all
 these travels, all these voyages, had
 the melancholy effect of turning his
 j ruling idea into a monomania On his
 return to France, he publicly announc
 ed himself as Him whose gospel he had
 been preaching far and wide. Seized
 and brought before the Archbishop of
 Paris, he was shut up in the Bicetre as
 a lunatic, his hands and feet were load
 ed with heavy irons and for twelve years
 he bore with singular patience this long
 martyrdom, and thr incessant sarcasms
 to which he was exposed.
 Argument with such minds is useless;
 they neither can nor will understand it.
 Pinel, therefore, never attempted to
 reason with him; he unchained him in
 silence, and loudly commanded that
 every one for the future should imitate
 his reserve, and never address a single
 word to this poor lunatic. This line of
 conduct which was rigorously observed,
 produced an effect on this self-conceit
 ed man far more powerful than the irons
 and the dungeon. He felt himself hum
 -1 bled by this isolation, this total abandon
 ment, in the full enjoyment of his
 liberty. At length, after much hesita
 tion, he began to mix with the other in
 valids.—From that time forward he
 visibly improved, and in less than a
 year was sufficiently recovered to ac
 knowledge the folly of his former ideas,
 and to leave the Bicetre.
 Fifty lunatics were in this manner re
 leased from their chains in the space o!
 a few days. Amongst.them were indivi
 duals from every rank of life, and from
 every country. Hence the great ameli
 oration in the treatment of insane pa
 tients, which, until then, had been look
 ed on as impracticable, or at leasi
 fraught with the utmost danger.
 HOW CHLHINALSAKt: MADE.
 [From the Prisoner’* Friend.]
 The Newspaper Boy.— Entering the
 police court, as usual, one morning, I
 1 noticed among the prisoners a youth
 who was poorly clad, and who wa&lt;
 bathed in tears. Sitting down by hit
 side, I said to him, “Why areyoiahere
 my son?”
 “I am accused of selling newspapers
 sir, without a license.”
 “Are you guilty?”
 “Yes sir.”
 “Have you been arrested before?”
 “Yes, twice.”
 “What for?”
 “For selling newspapers.”
 “Why do ypu persist in doing it?”
 “Because I don’t know what else tc
 do to get a living.”
 “Have you a father?”
 “No, sir, my father is dead.”
 “Is yoir mother living?”
 “My mother is a drunkard; she doe)
 not take any care of me, and I don’l
 know where she is now.”
 j As the thought of his loneliness came
 j over him, he wept as though his heart
 would break. I was much moved.
 “Where doyou lodge?” I inquired.
 “Near Union street, sir. I paj
 j ninepence a night for lodging, in ad
 j vance, and I buy two plates of beans
 l in the course of the day, for which 1
 pay as much more.”
 “How do you spend your evenings-’
 “I walk about the streets or go intc
 i the auction rooms.
 “Cannot you sit down in the house
 where you odge, by the fire, and
 read?”
 “No, sir, the woman of the house
 is poor. She has no room for me al
 her fire.”
 “Would you like to go into the
 country and work, if a place could be
 obtained for you?”
 “Yes, sir, I would be glad to go and
 work for mv liviog. I don’t want tc
 stay in Boston any longer; But I have
 nobody to get a place for me. I don’l
 want to go down to the jail again.”
 I now spoke to the judge respecting
 the prisoner. One of the officers of the
 cot -t said, “It is of no use lor you tc
 tr, do anything for him, for he has
 been sent to the jail twice for doing the
 same thing, and it did not do him an;
 good.” “That is a good reason,” 1
 said, “Why he should not be sent there
 again.”
 After some conversation with the
 judge, I agreed to pay the costs of the
 prosecution, and he agreed to call the
 fine one cent.
 Taking the boy by the hand to my
 house, he was supplied with food, shoe:
 and stockings were put upon his feet,
 and a *ood place was immediately ob
 tained for him in the country, when
 he is nor.- doing xell.— JJik
 Society, says Macuaiay, is cou
 •earnty aovnemg ra Knowledge. In&lt;
 tail is now where the head was som&lt;
 generations ago. But the head an&lt;
 tail still keep their distance.
 We never knew s scolding person hm wt
 able to govern family. Wh»i malms peu
 pie scold Because ibey cannot govetr
 thsssseUes. How. tb«-a, can they gotsri
 others» Those who are generally eaJm an
 prompt sad rosolste ,but steady and mild
 “BsUy, what tuns dass your folks Mas l
 “•ami as, ywa ga away.—that's Missus a»
my sod?”
3W)t&gt;trtisem(nto
(■Hrtut to hnwrs.
 TDE*S Patent Wheel Cultivator aad Wife Onwa
 1 Plow. The Faming Pofcfer are hew by imtanmd
 that Lrttm Patent hare been lake* awt by the Bab»
 •rrSber for hit rerent treat improvements to the cou
 stroetioM ami —obat tuie of FtitP Cc ITU troet;
 aa improvement m peat u toratireK reeohaioaiae
 the whole syrtnn of firm,a,, be reducing the e»|ieo*e
 o«e4wli or Bore. Wherever they hare been intro- j
 Arced, they hare met the decided approbation of
 arwerv. a* the fallowing rertiheater from the tatel
 and prartiral farmers whore on toes are
 ttarhed. abundant i* show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may eertifr that we, the Sobeeriera, hare
 seen and asetl the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 l»j Nathav |p Ef of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 k ork, and helirre it to be, its n labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest unprotesints of the age.
 By it, a farmer can pot in from ten to fifteen acres
 more of wheat in a year, with the same amount of
 team labor; lie can also sow ft in much better order.
 By it also Canada thistles and other unxious weeds
 may lie totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jn«l brush the -miace. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverising the ground and facilitating the labor of,
 the F.inner. and as such we rbrerfciHy recommend it
 to our brother farmers.
 James 11. Medley James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 Jobii C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedlev,
 Gardner Bern, James P. Anderson,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 \V e, tlie undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide s Patent Ctdiivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that we have this Spring 1
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare with two borsee, eight acre* of land per dav
 for wheat, and it is much better done than by the
 old plows; and the la ml pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bnsh. per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 Riga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH. I
 After these testimonials, the Subscriber deems it j
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate lies- 1
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of,
 operation. To be fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer who fully understands his!
 interest w ill lie without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelhv, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured bv
 LE\ I \Y ELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where formers are invited i
 come and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by which tliey are enabled
 to offer tlie most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.
 1 hey are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole aud Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 mg, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jyl® SAGE PANCOST.
 PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 w here Paper of the best quality is made from
 pore spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News anil Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper' not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No. 6 Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 J&gt; 21 Booksellers and Publishers.
TRIMS! TRIMS!
 THE firnt quality of article is to be had at LAING
 BONN ELL’S new Establishment, No 59,
 State Street, Rochester Also a general assort*
 inent ot Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c, which are
 offered at the very lowest prices lor Cash
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at bis old stand
 1,1 tatß Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 I r L having had extensive experience in tlie
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him with their pa
 tronage 1
 Rochester, July 14, 1848 3m
 British Periodica! Literature.
 T he Ixmdon (Quarterly Heinrw, the Edinburgh Review,
 The A urth British Reiirw, the Westminster Rev tew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread lame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—-Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and die London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with .Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, (hough reprinted under that title only,
 is puhliseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in on*
 work llu* best features of both as lierelofore’issned.
 The alxive Periodicals aie reprinted in New York,
 i immediately on their arrival In the British steamers.
 m a beautiful ck*ar type, on fine white paper, ami
 are faithful copies of the originals, Black wood’■
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the-Edinbur«di
 edition.
 j RICES FOB 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any on*: of tls* four Reviews, $3 00 per annum.
 For any tw'o do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, g 00
 For Blackwood’* Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advanc.t
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription for three the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A fate arrangement with the British pubrshers’ol
 iSia&lt; kttood ivtaipizirie picture# to ub patrlv i \g&amp;lh oi
 that work, by which we shall be able to pi the
 entire number in the hands of subscriber, before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. lor this and other advantages secured te
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we mav he compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. 1 lie retore we repeat -übacribe early while
 the pnee u low.
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,'
 LEONARD SCOTT h CO.
 70 Fultou street, New York.
 W M Merrhant Tailor, 546 Broad*
 Btnckl a li n xt of Cravats,
 s itf’ Gloves, Ac
 A many, Feb. 11, lg4B.
 1r r Fre
 M dJc A^J\ RED b lU A er Free Pro*
 1 W
 10.rh.-ter f t M&lt;, Apron and Km
 fVmon 'r 1 l**k ami white Wadding
 r ~'leot artirU* Bed iclnugjjia^f^
 Ord«a for Goods, or letters desiring information
 be addressed to J. Miller McKua, SI, Non!
 i Teoth-suent; or it
 James Mott, No. (5, CWh Alley
 bnadsusae aaaoruneat of Pr.wu non
 jol—if
 Aatl-sUrfry Old,
 V 11 H«rth Pkftk Strm, Pksladeifkm.
 4 ■•■fohi sf Htiwfovnry prilMlg
 rSW]Qi
PRospFArrrs
 t aerie a Pkrtititfkil
 O. s. FOWLER, EDITOR
 r) reform Md pedwi uwwhff* «*»d race, it
 the most exalted n( all work*. Yri, to do *&lt;»t«
 ■mi andrraMnd the Hnw&gt; t oMrtßUan. Th.«
 Phrenology, Plniiolosy and Vital Magorti-ai eu»-
 bncf, *m ewf nprand all the law* of "w
 coadilMf of happtnr**, and ron*t»««t*’ Uw philoso
 pher’* ibwe of I «itrn«l Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Each number will contain either the awl
 location of sosne phmnlqcinl t» cully, illustrated by
 an Eafrariaf, or aa art teal on their twahiaattod*:
 and also the organisation and rha rafter of «oaoe dis
 tinguished personage. accompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Heal lit I* Life, The great instrument of talent vir
 tne awl happiness, ail of which it augment*. To its
 peraerratton and raMon»tK&gt;n,special attention will he
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With prnctiai instruction, interesting facts, and
 choice truths which it anfohia, wiH he presented in
 this Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy, the influence they cau
 wield, and their preparation for conducting our inati
 lotions, w ill form the tlietne of a series &lt;*f article*.
 SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
 Who does not long earnestly, and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultirate hie' natural powers, and
 render himself better and more happy! To such,
 each namher will be a prompter and text-hook.
 TERMS—invariably in advance-“ON F DOLL
 AR A YEAR.
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will le
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letter* ami orders, must lie
 POST-PAID, an&lt;l directed to
 FOWLER WELI.S.
 N* 131 Nassau St.,New York
B. I.OGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 vf Boots add Sltoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 j Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assort
 ment, ami will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker ard
 j Davis
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., and the} wientif.
 1 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fact, th. t
 *he conclusions at which the undersigned arrived I v 1
 the sense of touch, in 18*4*1, are in liarnionv wiiiij
 natural and physiological laws—to w it, that ti
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positi e
 j electrical state, and that the electrical emanation*
 i from the cuticular surface, indicate health, or tl
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is son
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge t
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practit e
 of the healing art, will cease their vociferation
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaint*,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Nurthami
 I ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by tin; light
 1 of science, the undersigned may be permitted he,e
 1 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases wliere the
 j wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electro-negati\ e
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of watt r
 jto afford relief. On the other hand, when the pans
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, tliere is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 j of disease, and practising the cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success vs a Hydropathic Bract i"-
 tioner, by a discerning public, and die gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 j original and philosophical'mcthod of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near BensouvilJc, on the west hank of Lacking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from tho centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied with water, which, fur
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sqtte and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to I
 allow water-cure patients to appear as' they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, hron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels.l
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 a flections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish tltemselves w ith
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,!
 six or eight crash towels, some well worp linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are #3 30 lot
 j $8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 j complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 will pay £8 00 per week—on the first ami second
 i floor*, $8 30 per week. Patients requiring ex ra
 I attention or fire in their rooms, (except for *w. ih
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGI.ES.
 N&lt;/tlkampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to die Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of tlie Conn.
 River Railroad at .Springfield. Carriages w ill
 always be in readiness at the .Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive "state,
 which is con stantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generalfv pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so rnal
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer ol
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon tlie surface, we believe to be indis
 pensahle to the hea||fiful condition of the w hole
 animal economy, and that wlien, from any cause, is
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College ol
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor ol
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of PnysicaJ
 Science in Emory College, Ga., fiage 2o
ATHOL WATER ITRE.
 ’THES.lmcriberbeg. leare to call tie attention
 X of Invalid*, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to hi* hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Ma*».
 Hi* bouse was opened for the reception of patient*
 season, and it is belieod offer* excellent facili*
 tie* for aphiioeopbic and thorough course in hydro
 P®“y* ""pply of water is abundant, and in
 5*19 J^* n pronounced equal to water on
 distilled. 7he location is quit*- eligible, being but
 a «bort distance from the V. kM. railroad. The
 vicinity abound* in a variety of scenery, and ha*
 charming ground* (or walk* and ramble*. Ho that
 with die water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercMr, patient* can scarcely fail to obtain the
 heahhhil result* for which they tabor.
 Tbe following case ilhutraie* this remark. Hr*,
 of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Ma**., aged
 7 0 thirtv-five year*, wa* brought to a* hti
 Augnnt. Her case presented its- following ihetto
 meua. If placed in an erect position, and l&gt; ft mm
 «g’p *he forthwith til wrkwsrd i. a..
 T i, I** 1 wmt mpporf*, she made a*i
 elfert «o walk, either toot, when carried forward,
 •pile ber «flwla to the contrary, would crow, the
 j** had Lean in this mmliUm aanrl*
 yVIlr Ml r*c »aue**» t.iiatarared the lata ot tm-y*
 and w». W .l,«e,| u, the 2hl. On. &lt;o.i )t when .h.
 •ell, *o far ruanrrs.l a* to tv -.Kb- i*. *%,t' b.ir
 mr* I ,Jl mmt refers to her *mifv. «hs
 ha* couuaued her bath*, with &lt;orrr«poadiac ia
 yovement to her health. Mm sow ZurmU to he.
 y w »tk the ***istnare of a
 Itrl, done the work of her family.
 rat lent* are desired to bring three comfortable
 wootlrs blanket*, uaa pair uf sheet.,
 «Mrhad. with liars Nr
 A _J*^L kvm tWdaHtr* per week, accord
 3 m ar choae uf the pattern*
 rZZ Z -Z" I*''***

 i.Mwaft, Iftgft .t MOt I
1 POrERTf:
 I tTn nsLr.nAh cArar* and legal
 (IRK
 I tVSiSDt* NFOONE*.
 Albany Patriot call. it~‘- A neat pamphlet a
 f*' /Mr. Spooner
 we do am her* stop to fWtpmr*; Wt wr heart ly com
 mend his endeavor to d*&gt; no«.ec ol who fere
 (Iran -purr**t fi-cribl* diction-. ,«remd mdepeofence
 onsnral thought -aw! -nt-rr from the ran,
 “of sect **r party. Asa pnltcml writer, he has a deiah
 a compass, far leyoml any one wh.*-e pcts.Wtloo,
 w»tp l m»t r,# in a kMif tm.**
 1 Hunt's .Merchant’* Magariae aavs— It shot*.«
 in bold and onfmai thought.. This illegal cause*
 poverty are stated, awl a murder of isopoitant
 bearing ou the subject lai.i down; nnd^ n the
 r j whole, we consider it a work well w&lt;aih stndvuw—
 affording as it does many v.ifcnhle hints tothe
 maui and political economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette says An abfe aad f ert, ta
 2 original work, from tie- pen L\ s
 Esq.—author of that powerful l«w&gt;K which 'Wm.
 j strates tlie onrenstiUHionaiity «t American r.-,
 There is no writer of tlw&gt; age,of (ogH-. t |aenme i lt
 srarclnng titan Spooner..’ Thi- new work ,T'
 lined to lead to a rc examination of all
 tems ot politiral ecnnomv. At tu«i blu*h h,* f
 f nomieal |Mropr&gt;sitions strike ns as *u-r»in.-il.|e
 j (l ey are so, bis work will prevail, d ja-0,},;.-..
 important rrvolution in tin- present iwraiSmg
 tern.
 J “Every on- shout.l r»soi it.”
 BELA MAKSII. l uU,.j„ r
 Part 1. V rice 25 nf-.
 Hart’s Vf metallic FAirarc
 Is the only remetly that .an I. relhd o» fer lu
 permaiwnt core of Spasmodic '.wlnsctions, fr j,,
 tion of the Nerves. Nervous or Sick Headache"
 1 j™™*' Neuralgic AflWn,,,
 Debility, Definenev of Nervous and p| rt r j
 J gy, aial all Nervoui Distmlets. r)lf
 i dreadful of all diseases that atfect ii.. tmo c m
 Jfpt/rpsy, or F«lh,' M f|
 Convulsions, Sjw-m.. h i.. well known, that
 Irom time iinmemorial, I’hy.-icians have 1 .r..0.’,w M -e,l
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has Iwflh.l iril
 j skill, anti tlie Uxtsted power of all nu dicine. a,.,t
 consequently thousands have sufiered through a un
 eraMe existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
 the Altar of Insanity. —The proprietor nf the Veget
 able Extract, however, lie Is no delicacy in saying
 that it can be cured, lie would, tla rc tore, respeef
 fully invite physicians, and nil nth* rs w ho arc inter
 ested, to examine the testimony w Inch is liere otiered.
 If it is deception, let it lie exposed Imr if u
 triM-, tlten in the name of Imnmnity, no longer i* t it
 lie said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Yeurtable Extract. —For sixteen \eat-,
 has been tested bv many persn-ns who have suffcrr.i
 with this dreadful disease, and in every case where
 it has had a lair trial, has efleeted a jieimanei.t
 cure.
 Col. Denslon- of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted w ith L'its for more
 than nine years, and has Ix-en cui-e«l by tin- u-e of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 .Mrs. J. Bradey, 113 Orchard street, New York,
 states that site has been subject to Fits for many
 years, and has been restored to jierfert health (aftei
 every other means had tailed) b\ the use of th*
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, ot Dover, Russell co.,
 Alabama, who is one of the liest Physicians in the
 State, says that he has been much henefuted by the
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in evt ry case of Epilepsy which
 comes under hi* knowledge.
 Curtis G. May berry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 jat Lime Mtils, rawlord Co., l’a., now living in
 F.rie Co., Pa., states that for many y'ars past h«
 j has been sorely afflicted w itli Fits, "and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 l lie ing entirely freed from that worst of all disease.*.
 Judge Randall. N. 156 Henry street, New York,
 j having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 liis family, highly recommends k to all persons who
 are afflicted with Fib*.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 j and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 j Mr. C'has, 11. Bough ton, a member of his family ha
 been so severely afflicted w ith Epileptic Fits for
 many years, that he was obliged to relinquish hit
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the Stale ot
 Ohio to resume his business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Hector of St. Peters Churcu,
 Spotswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, state:*
 that he has used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 (lit* health has been so much improved that he hopes
 I by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Epileptic /if.*.—For twenty-M*aveu years and
 months, cured by tlie use ot this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Resul tlie following remarkable case of tlie son of
 Wm. Sermc, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twentv-eeven years and six months
 After travelling through England, Scotland, Get
 I many and France, Consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last., wtth
 j out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 |by using Hart's Vegetable Extract. 1 have gpe.it
 ovt r three thousand dollar.* lor medicine and mediral
 i attendance. I was advised fo lake a tour to Em
 j rope w ith him w hiehl did. I rtr*t visited England,
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his ca.*e; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained tliere three months
 1 without perceiving any change for the better, which
 cost rue about two hundred and fifty dollars, jaak
 eted by the physicians, and titr mo-t that I received
 was tlieii opinion, that nn son i nse was I tope less,
 and POSI lIV 1,1,V IN( I liAltl.b. I aecordiugK
 lelt England travelled tlirough .’Scotland, Germanv
 and France, and re(an&gt;e&lt;] home in the month ol
 November iast, with my un a* far from Is-mg cured
 as when 1 left, I -aw your a«in rti-ement in one ot
 tlie New \ork papers, and concluded to tit Hart**
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thifty years standing, and I ran assure you I am no
 sorry I did so, as try tlie use of Hart s Vegetable
 Extiact alom* In* wa* restored to PERFEf'I
 HEALTH. II is reason, which tv a* ,i, ;u ~U f ,s i,
 unfit him for I swine** i* entirely restored, w itii th
 pro-per t now iiefere him of life, heahh and u*« lid
 itr-ss. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 t&gt;
 moiith* of this time has Itecn afilieted with tin
 most dreiolful of disease*, tail thank G.wl i- non
 enjoy ing good health.
 Now, sir, faith without work* I don’t hclieve
 in. To say I shall lie ever grateful to you is one
 thing, ami a* I here enclose you one hundred dollar
 I Itave no doubt but you will think ilu.- anollter an.i
 quite a difterent thing. 'l’lm* debt ofgrdtiltule I ‘till
 owe you; but please accept this amount a* inter*- t
 on tlie debt in advance.
 Yount, verv respectfully,
 (signed; WILLIAM .SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to tlie almost etfwxn-y i
 this truly womlerful undu in*-, rend the
 letter frwn Dr. VV L. .Monroe, of t.uilforo*, Ohio,
 one of the most eminent physic -tans m that place
 Guilfiird, ()}no, August 17, ISR&gt;.
 Brotlier laUircr in the cause of humanity I&gt;&lt; &lt;r
 sir; li t* with no small degree &lt;d pleasure liwi I
 am enabled to announce to you I lie complete triumph
 of your invalualde medicine in r ase- of Kpilrpsv. 1
 have prenerifsrd it in four instance* in r»i» r«e/»&lt;»»,
 and it ha* been highly successful m alb J l«e*
 the patients, I trust, l»en ra&lt; .s*aH&gt; curt'i
 The fourth one is rapidly improving, snri will.
 think without doubt recover. 1 aui isA in the hal it
 of prescribing or recommending patent tnrdirirs
 Ixit when i »ee an aitule which promi»c» »o oavl
 for the relief of suflr ung huu auity, I i*ei wy «lu’
 to recommend it, tuul 1 have no h*-iiaiiin ut
 ing that as &lt;csm as tlie laculty are fuIK aeqt« at.-*
 with the real merit of vomt B»r«lici«e, they
 close their eyes agam*t pre/ido c at.d leu*! y&gt;
 helping hand.
 I wjscrtlie myself yours, sinrereh
 (Signed) *W. L. M«»Nk*»E, M I*
 To Dr. 8. Ilatt, New Yuri.
THE TIME I* V»l I Ik bl»I IN I
 M bea t*h&gt;» oia i»» t*--
 lla hutd nf tbi« ilrwKH*il «a&gt;l h
 «Trr&gt; aiUM k IM« |io»*r biiaJ, will hi. l
 relief awwi tw to net* l*l» l.v u*
 rrWirjii-il uir
 OVEIi ONE THOI »A.M» I LKTII l«
 ll.ve hw rece.»«*. in &lt;r*tuM-»n 1“
 result protha Ia Ihr &lt;4 IH Marl I
 MINT. M l» N.- V
 Pr«e.
 lit. b/ur pun k
 I* ,in a tax
 it m iai«h«n (MiiMi up mi *&gt;i
 parii mjh, awl tewt ant i»*i w
 J." T» M. j
 Tt»«»M44 k mu. 19 Ml.
 riMurtt, Ok**, fmarr.l lfn&gt;i«
 rtt.lr In win .Ml .11 Ml i
 liltMNj I* let
 A II 4l&gt; »m»U rt~« M W
 Nea V urk
 11. |t VI alt*. Mat. 4 Pan** k i"*'
 r lli.tlidfr. 417 M«W UMI l.fct
 |i. 4 E litijbriMl. ASwri* tm Va*
 lit 4 4 tlk»»arw I
 JTii ii o. ii mm. i•**#•»•*, m tap.
 W. I lUMmfhri" Mt»*« W 4
 J. K Rrr.l. MuJ 1 "f
 Ohm T lUmm, l» «r
 M »lwlu4*. I I* I M
 Awl 4* IjpMri 4 *»‘«**P**
 ,^suEitW3*«i
 o-i t rwMw.,(4.
"
