"N otices.
Twr West.
 Frederick Douglass and Charles Lenox
 Remond wilt vmt Detroit, Mich., on Wtfd
 nesdaV, 4»h July, and will hold three meet
 ings mi thu city, Wednesday, Thursday, and
 Friday, 4th, sth, and 6th.
 They will spend JStmday and Monday. Bth
 Ena 9th July, at Battle Creek, Mich.
 Thsv will he in Chicago, HI., on Thurs
 day, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, 12:h
 13th, I4lh, and 15th, and Mill hold meeting*
 oo each evening
 They will be in Sandcekt City, Ohio, on
 Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday,
 the 19th 20th, 2lst and 22d July.
 They will be in Colcmeis oo the 25th
 July and will reach Cincinnati on the 27th
 July, and will remain there til! alter the first
 of August.
 The friends of freedom in all of these
 place* aie earnestly requital to make the
 necessary arrangements for meeting*. v. n.
üba— Slavery and tbe Slave Trade.
 .Mr Bryant, in recent letter from Havana
 to the Evening Post, stales that the slave
 Trade between the Is'and of and the
 coa-u of Africa ts earned on quite briskly and
 openly ol late, the Government of Cuba con
 niving at and profiting by the atiocioua traffic.
 A carp* of five, hundred human chattels was
 recently landed on the southern part of the
 Island, and n is understood that one hundred
 and seven more of the poor creatures died on
 the horrid passage from their native land.
 Dunne the partial suppression of the loreign
 trade some years ago, slaves advanced very
 much in value, and owner? found it for tbeii
 interest to treat them with that degree ot hu
 manity supjiosed to be most conducive to vig
 orous health and long life. But undet the
 present revival of the trade their lives will
 prob.tblv become of less consequence to their
 owners, and they will again be overtasked and
 worn out without pity, as they are ?ajd to
 have been formerly.
 Hardly more than half of the Island of Cu
 ba has ever been reduced to tillage. I here
 is a demand, therefore, for laUirers, on the
 part ol those who wish to become planters,
 end this d mand is supplied not only trom the
 coast of A ft tea, hut from the American conti
 nent and south western Ash.
 Mr. Bryant saw several of the Yucatan In
 dians who h id been taken urisoners of war
 and sold to the whiles ot (Juba under a pre
 tended contract to serve for a certain numlier
 of ye*rs. The dealers in this kind of mer
 chandise were also bringing in the natives ol
 Asia and disposing of their services to the
 planters in a similar way. Thcie are said to
 be six hundreu ot these people m the City ot
 Havanna. The authouues have issued an or
 dinance declaring what shall be the daily ta
 tiori of these new made slaves; also, how
 many lashes the master may inflict ter misbe
 havior.
 Such, savs Mr. Bryant, is the manner in
 which the Government of Cuba sanctions the
 barbarity of making slaves ot the treeborn men
 of Yucatan. The ordinance, however, be
 trays great concern for the salvation of the
 souls of those w hum it thus delivers over 10 the
 lash of the slave-driver. It speaks ot the In
 dians from America, as Christians already,
 but while it allows the slaves imported trom
 Asia to be flogged, it dilicts lhat they shall be
 carefully instructed in the doctrines ot our holy
 rehg on.
 Yet the policy of the Government favors
 emancipal.ou. The laws of Cuba permit any
 alive to purchase his freedom on paying a
 fmee fixed by three person#, one appointed by
 ua master and two by a magistrate. He may,
 also, it he ploases, compel his master to sell
 him a certain portion ot lus time, which he
 may employ to earn the means of purchasing
 his enure freedom.
 It is mainly owing to these laws, no doubt,
 that theic aie so many tree blacks in the Is
 land, and it the foreign slave tiade could be
 entirely suppressed the slaves would all eman
 cipate themselves ultimately. The population
 of Cuba is now about 1,250,000, miter more
 than half of whom are colored persons, and
 one out of every four of thecoloied population
 is t ree. The prejudice of color is by no means
 *»o strong in Cuba as in the United Stales.
 There is little difficulty in smuggling peopl
 of mixed blood, by the help of legal forms, in
 to the white race, and it they tuu rich, into
 good society.
 Mr. Bryant thinks there is no great pros
 pect of annexing Cuba to the United Slates
 Old Spain will, of course, uni betnuud willing
 to relinquish a possession from winch sin
 draws an annual revenue of twelve millio s ol
 dollars. Beside, she sends there her ne&lt; d v
 nobility, and those for whom she would pio
 vide, to fill the lucrative offices. The priests,
 the military officers, the civil authorities, every
 man who fill- a judicial post or holds a clerk
 ship, is from old Spain.
 The people are not likely to take up armt
 to emancipate themselves for while many ol
 them would greatly prefer a union with the
 United States, they are by no means suffi
 ciently united in that object to encounter suc
 cessfully the power of the mother country.
 Ol course, says Mr. Bryant, if Cuba weie
 to be annexed to the United States, the slavt
 tiade wuh Africa would cease to be carried 01
 a» now, though its perfect suppression mighi
 be found difficult. Negroes would be import
 ed in large numbers trom the United States
 and pianteis would emigrate with them. In
 stitutions ot education would be introduced
 commerce and religion would both be madt
 Iron and the character of the Islanders wouh
 he elevated by the responsibilities w Inch a tie
 Government would throw upon them. Tin
 planters, however, would doubtless adopt rep
 nlatious insuring the perpetuity of Slavery
 they would unquestionably, as soon as they
 were allowed to frame ordinances for the Is
 laud, take awav the facilities which the pres
 ent laws give tiic slave lor effecting his own
 emancipation.
 The Awti Slavekv Convention was
 of course, as usual, a point ul attraction am
 characteiized, as usual, by the power, fresh
 ness. truth, eccentricity, .extravagance am
 bound) s# Jreedoin, ot its discussions. Wo
 men spoke. Some ul the orators denounce*;
 in sweeping terms, the Am -r.can church am
 clergy and yet, Kev. Messrs Sumner, Lm
 coin, J. Russel, l)*le, S. J. May. and oth-i
 Munster* ot different denominations, appears
 oil Ute plallurm as advocates ot Abolitionism
 and wue among us most earnest friend-
 Probably the distinction made by Rev. S J
 May, between ••Pneatiamty” and “Christian
 Uy,’* explains the apparent inconsistency
 The Free £&gt;od party was nandled w hop
 gloves. F«»ster dealt out his bold deuuucia
 iion#; Garrison exhimted h;s courageous am
 uncompromising spun, Wendell Phillips
 wuh graceful and yet scorching eloquence
 and keen, close argument, ably maintained hi.
 well-known extreme position and radical opi t
 ions whilst Frederick Douglass—whether
 dealing m humorous stones, exposing, in hi.
 view, ill- sophistry and inhumanity of tin
 Coloutiwtion Society, or combating the preju
 dice against color, or withstanding the siorn
 of opposition his mere words had issued—a
 peated as the natural and most accomplishes
 orator, holding m his power, and moving r
 his will, an audience, many ot whom were f.,
 from friendly and pronug that he, at lean
 stood up an entire confutation ot the assertm
 natural inferiority of his race. The meeting!
 were, ol course, at tunes, disturbed and dm
 ordely but less so, we believe, than licicto
 forc. The ultra- Abolukwiata certainly show
 great tact and indomitable XuaJ; sud they u&gt;
 Jerstand stage-effect. This year they pruduc
 ed a ‘sensation,’ by exhibiting fugitive slave*-
 and, omitting other matters we meant to j u
 on record, we close this summary, wuh* u
 comment, with an account 01 one case of he-
roism show n in the pursuit of freedom, eer-1
 lunl| without parallel »n history. Our refer- j
 ♦mce is to Henry—h«rtafter, doubtless, lobe
 known, and sent down to pustenty as Heory
 Boa. Brown. This man was actually rin
 ported a distance of three hundred mile*
 through a slave-bolding territory. and by pub
 lic thuroughfart*, in a box the dimension* ol
 which, as taken by Re* S. J May, arc p
 artlv aa fo low* r three feet one inch long
 t two feet wide and two feet si* inches deep.
 ('hnttian Inquirer.
 DocGi*M aSi»Mc»---We inattention
 of our leader* tu tne extract from the speech
 of Frederick Douglass, deliveredl in l aneull
 i Hall at the anniversary of the I*. Anti-.
 Slavery Society. We had the pleasure of
 itatemne to it, and we have seldom heard a
 more effective apeech, in the old Cradle ol j
 Litiertr. Many were there with the intention
 of interrupting the speaker, but with great
 tact and add teas he held the meeting undvr th*
 most perfect control. His presence, and hold,
 ai.d manly »&gt;earing, impressed u|«n ait. friend*
 and foes, the cousctoosnes* of the moral ami
 intellectual power uf tfie speaker. Frederick
 t Douglass la unquestionably one of the strong
 men of the country. It is, indeed, difficult 10
 realize the fact thal he was ever held as a
 piece of properly. His biutal treatment on
 j board the sieamer Aiida, aa detail©! in hi*
 speech, will excue feelings of shame and in
 dignation &gt;n ihe minds of every .&lt;rue man.
 gentle-nan, and American. Out hardly know a
 a filch moat lo cond. mn, the laws that one
 made film a slave,or the dasiaidly spirit that
 drove him and his travelling companions from
 I the table of the Alma. The applause oil In*
 gentlemen, at ihe table, over the bruui *ci o&gt;
 the officers oi the boat, clearly showed iheu
 j want of good breeding. A* a j nhalud ami
 courteous gentleman, t red,nek D«»..gia*s is
 unquestionably a* much their super.ot, as h i*
 in moral culture and intellectual jiower.-
 j Emancipator 4 Republican.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER. JUNE 25, 164 P.
Plymouth, Weymoutu, Schuylerviiie*
 Quaker springs.
 I omitted to i»eut»on last week for want of
 rO'm, my visit to the several towns named
 above; and 1 lecur to ihe subject now, both as
 a matter of duly and of pleasure. Immedi
 ately after me New England Convention, in
 company with my friend C. L. Remond, 1
 visited Plymouth, and held three meetings
 ihere on Sunday. They were well attended
 oy an attentive audience. Mr. Remoiid made
 oume of his happiest efforts during the meet
 ing, and undoubtedly produced a moit
 lavorable impression for the cause. iiis
 description ot the many hardships and depri
 vations to which the colored people at the
 North are subject, was just, powerful, and
 thrilling; and ins denunciation of slaveholders
 was impassioned, eloquent, and overwhelm
 ing. Our anti-slavery home during oui slay
 in Plymouth, was at the house of our esteemed
 irieud, Bourne Spooner, whose hospitable
 dour is always open :o the friend of the slave.
 The kindness ot himseil and family will be
 held in grateful remembrance by us.
 On Monday, the-lih of June, we left Plym
 outh lur Weymouth; and though the places
 are not wide apart geographical y, morally
 they stand at an immeasurable distance from
 each other. Our meeting in Weymouth was
 held in Elias Hall, under a shoe
 manufactoiy; the chinches in the place being
 closed against anti-slavery meetings. During
 ihe evening, we were assailed old
 pro-slavery weapon in the shape
 ehantable egg, which breaking the window,
 struck one of us on the side of the head, be
 spattering his clothing, and otherwise making
 its influence felt. Our meeting there was a
 lailure The only satisfaction we heard ex
 pressed anywhere, was that expiesaed by Mr.
 Remond, with his own speech—who said th-t
 “if he had not done las audience good, he had
 at least freed his mind.”
 O.i Tuesday evening I went to Wanen,
 (Mr. Remond parting horn me at Weymouth.)
 i’ne meeting at Warren was large and atten
 tive. My visit there, I have no doubt, served
 to remove much prejudice and to create s &gt;nit
 interest in the anti slavery cause. 1 obtained
 several subscribers to the North Star in
 Warren which I hope may pave the way foi
 a large number in that [dace.
 On Friday, Bth June, I lectured in Schuy
 lerville, Saratoga County, N. Y. Quite une.v
 pctedly to persons acquainted with the place.
 I had a quiet and undisturbed meeting, and
 circulated a number of my Narratives, w huh
 may pave the way for anti-slavery effort in
 that place.
 On Saturday, June 9th, I lectured at a
 school-house, near Dean’s Corners, which
 was chiefly attended by memb- rs of the S*km
 ety of Friends. Adapting my address to the
 j circumstances of inv audience, I referred to
 the injurious influence exened by many of the
 ministers of that Society, in voting fur Zach
 ary Taylor, standing aloof from abolitionists,
 and uttering sentiments condemnatory of Anti-
 Slavery Associations. I instanced the case u!
 j Nicholas Brown, a distinguished preacher ol
 j theirs, who is reported to have said, that “he
 had visited in the South, and had seen that
 j ihe slaves were better provided for, and were
 better off than the colored people Norllj
 j thus affording aid and comfort to the slave
 holder, and steeling his conscience against the
 appeals of the abolitionist. I alluded also to
 the remark of the same person, that “abol
 tiouists bad better confine their efforts to the
 c &gt;lored people at home.” At the close, Mr.
 A. Dorlasd rose and asked me to explain.
 He said that I had misrepresented Ntcholai
 Brown. He had seen Mr. Brown, and had
 received from him a different version of the
 statement. It was not that the slaves at the
 South were better off than the free colored
 people of the North, but than the free colored
 people ut Philadelphia. In reply to Mr. Dor
 land, 1 elated the notorious fact, (whieb seem
 ed to cover with confusion the prateis about
 'he degradation of the free colored people ol
 Philadelphia) that they not only supported
 their own poor, hut pud annually $5OO to
 waids supporting the white paupers in thtl
 city.
 On Sunday, I held a meeting at the Friends'
 meeting-house, Saratoga, and addressed i
 targe audience who listened with attention du
 i ring the space of two hours.—-f. D.
Tbs Letter of the Rev. Weary
 Highland Garnet.
 Vulgar sneers—cowardly insinuation*, and
 impertinent charges, which are the mere out
 pouring* of wounded pride, may be met in
 two ways—-either with silent contempt, or
 o,ten rebuke and exposure. In exercising
 ttus optkm. I shall pay my respjets to the
 mpertioent letter of Mr. Garnet, which the
 .eadcr will hod in anotLer cjiumu.
Stung to the quick by my •tttement of hw
 illiberal, ungeatlemaoly and disorderly con
 tact at a professed anti-alavery meeti. g. held
 hy binuelf and fneods io Zion Church, during
 he May anniversaries, be, in the tone and
 spirit of a crafty pnest, welcomes roc to th«
 •uw! of repentance, msieajf of taking it
 rmnseif; for it is he that is on trial, not my
 self. He hail* my statement of tacts (not
 one of which he dares deny) as ominous ot
 good, and an evideoee of repentance, ami
 exhorts roe to act according to my convic
 tions, and to do no violence to my conscience.
 Coming from another quarter, and in another
 connection, this advice would be received
 with humble gratitude but coming Irom one
 who has shown so little regird for the vntues
 *htcli he commends, I can only treat it at«
 cant, intended io blind the reader as to the
 uue issue between us. What has, may 1
 .sk, ACTINO ACCORDING TO MY CON VIC
 TIONS, AND DOING NO VIOLENCE TO MY CON
 VICTIONS,"* TO DO WITH THE TRUTH OR FALSE
 HOOD OF MY REPORT OF THE MEETING IN
 question The whole seems lu me but
 piulul impertinence, and intended to shield
 himself, lather than io do me good. Mr.
 Garnet affirms that more than two thousand
 l wilt esses do testify that Mr. Wa r d stale
 meats are, in every particular, true, and ihai
 t.e might have said much more to my d Hi
 •ueiit. 'Phis t 6 a bald sta’emnl, unsupported
 oy data id any k nd. It seems u» me tin
 coolest iece of impudence, as well as tin
 moot reckiess for iruth, with whirl
 I have it-cenily met. How could Mr. Garnet
 know that the whole two thousand poison*
 prtsent at the meeiing in Zion Church d
 tjstify” any such thing T If they have done
 so, where io their testimony? and if they have
 not, is it becoming a (m mater ol the g&lt;&gt;s
 i pel—-one who boasts of his laigr parish, and
 has childr. n under his moral and religion*
 instruction—to so far forget his obligation*
 to truth to make such an unfounded asser
 tion Mr. Garnet, as it jealous for my re
 putation, charitably hopes that I will recall
 some statements” winch I made in my last
 week's North Star on this subj ct. This is
 very indefinite, ai.d can only be accounted
 for by the fact, that the writer could not
 I point out a single statement incorrectly made.
 sjo keeu-sighied a person as Mr. Garnet
 I would not have dealt in generalities had
 I he deemed it safe to have been specific.
 The quotations which lie gives from
 speeches of mine, made on the subject ot
 giving Bibles to the slaves, are correct in
 spirit, if not in letter, and do not contradict
 the views expressed bv me in the article be
 foie referred io. I treated the proposition as
 i impracticable and delusive and this view 1
 still hold. That the first thing to be done for
 the slave, is to emancipate him, is no new
 doctrine, but is as old as the doctrine of im
 mediate emancipation, proclaimed by that
 j bright spirit, now gone to her rest, Elizabeth
 i Herrick, of England. It has been left to the
 j gradualists and others, to tamper with tit'
 question of slaveiy, by patching up the vile
 system with “preparatives,” education, reli
 gious instruction and Bibles. Against ah
 these it has ever been the course of the de-
 I voted friends of the slave to demand imme
 diate freedom as the only foundation upon
 j which the slave population can be prepared
 io discharge the duties either of a man or a
 Christian. Away with all patchwoik and
 moral quackery' Let us demand liberty for
 the captive, as the first obligation of the
 master, and the first right of the slave. If is
 inverting the classification of man’s rights to
 place his right to the Bible before h s right to
 himself. I therefore say here, as I satd in
 New York—“ first give the slave himself, and
 he will have the ability, as well as capacity
 to own a Bible.” Away with all trifling with
 a ma.i in letters' Break bin chains ant let
 jus have no respect for him who would give
 j the slavj a Bible, while he would not give the
 slave himself. Mr. Garnet challenges us tn
 an oial discussion; the question to be dis
 cussed he does not slate—perhaps lie does
 not think it material. He may be as ready
 I to discuss one tiling as another, since the ob
 ject is discussion. His duty as a preacher t
 the gospel, and his necessary attendance up
 on ins Grge parish, indispose him it* accept ot
 ny chalk ng“ to discuss through the columns
 of the North Star; but he is re.idv to leave
 Ins parish, dear as it is, to come to R&lt;K*hester
 or Io go to Canand tigua, to hold an oral d
 cushion with me. How precious must be his
 lime! Aid then, too, his coming iii the
 chat .cter of Divid! Modest man! With
 respect to th s challenge, for reasons uh.ch
 1 it is needless to specify, but which are quite
 satisfactory to me, I must respectfully decline
 1 —at least until Mr. Garnet shall present
 some proposition to be discussed. —f. d.
 Annual Report ofthe American and For*
 C eign A. S. Society.
 P We are inde aed to William Harned for a
 copy of this Report. It uv an elaborate doc
 uineut, giving a tolerably fair history of the
 i events of the past year, bearing on American
 Slavery. The Report commences with a lau
 datoiy reference to English Abolitionists, and
 asserts the superiority ot immediate over grad
 ual abolitionism. A tribute of res|»ect is paid
 io the memory of Alvan Stewart, E»q. It
 j gives a detailed account of the action of its
 Executive Committee—notice* the movement
 in Kentucky, lor emancipation. The Re
 port states that “the expenses meured by
 I them in the establishment and support of the
 National Era. until the transfer of tite paper
 to its talented editor. Dr. Bailey, have been
 refunded by him, with interest.” This cer
 tainly indicates the great popularity of -hit
 paper, arid shows how easy it is to make a
 certain rtamp of anti-slavery popular iu this
 country. The National Era is at this tune
 simp y a Free Soil piper; but while we
 rejoice at the prosperity of anything in the
 shape of a paper advocating liberal principles,
 we cannot regard the National Era as the ex
 ponent of true abolitionism. The Report al
 judes in terms of commendation to the re
 cent work of Wilson Abmistead, on the
 moral, intellectual, and religions capabilities
 of the colored portion of mankind. It eon
 f tains a long account of the proceedings of va
 rious religious bodies, against slavery; makes
 I favorable mention of a free college at Mc-
 I Grawvilk, under the superintendence of the
 \merican Baptist Free Will Society; take*
 extended nonce of the difference in the tone
 •*f the press generally, and especially of the re
 ligious press, on the subject of slavery; draws
 rum the diffetenee encouraging conclusions.
 The Free Soil movement is largely comment
 ed upon, and warmly eulogised. Notice is ta
ken tiyi of tbe exclusion of Rosetta Douglass
 Inhh Seward’s Sertunary. Wo base room
 only to glance at a portion of its contents; and
 although we differ in »xne of tbe reasoning*
 and conclusions which tbe Conunittee adopt,
 we must nevertheless commend the ability,
 minuteness, and general correctness of this
 annual Repon. It will be found to be a valu*
 abb? repository of facts, and ought to have a
 wide circulation.—r o.
George !t. Briggs of Massachusetts.
 We abhor toadyism, and as heartily hale
 (hat cringing, unmanly spirit that can be de
 lighted with the condescending smile or nod
 from a nian in office, or one possessing large
 wealth, merely because of his standing in the
 community; hot we as heartily detest the en
 vious and supnciimus meanness which would’
 deprive a man of the meed of praise to which,
 he la entitled by noble conduct, simply because
 m th« world’s eye, he may occupy a superior
 position. We cal! attention to Gov. Briggs
 .vith no purpose of extolling him, but to make
 us condu t rebuke the contemptible and un-j
 iatur.il prejudice against the colored man, so
 prevalent throughout this land. We have had
 •he pleasure of meeting with this gentleman
 on several occasions, when his deportment
 lowaids os evinced a freedom from this c dor
 /hobia, and a hearty good wil such as few
 •trangeis of any standing have miii.festedJ
 About a yo*r ago, *r BH the Governor on
 i me Railway from Busion to Pittsfield, when
 i me cara were densely Crowded wilh white
 passengers; and being recogmzad by him, he
 immediately offered us a seat by lua side, and
 entered mm a famiha- conversation with us
 on the anti-slavery question in generai. It is
 not so much the mere act of politeness that
 struck us favorably, but ihe manner of shoe
 ing n. With no air ol condescension—with
 no fear of giving offence to those around him
 by ms disregard of American laste, nuanuers,
 a d predilections, he seemed to be as easy
 with a negro by his side, as he could have
 been by the side of a white man. We made
 no mention of this circumstance at the time,
 because of the possibility of ns being charged
 to our political prejudices; but a like circum
 stance having occurred wuhin the last few
 days, the governor displaying the same ur
 buniiy and freedom from caste, has overcome
 our o ijectionon this scoie; and we mention the
 j tact with feelings of sincere pleasure, that
 the Governor of Massachusetts (whatever may
 be said of him on political grounds) has shown
 himself infinitely superior to the great mass of
 nraters on American democracy, equality and
 1 dependence.— f. d.
Frederick Douglass vs. Henry Bibb.
 A copy of the True Wesleyan has been
 handed to us, containing an article with the
 above caption, animadverting upon the re
 marks in reference to the speech of Mr. Bibb,
 made at the anniversary of the American and
 Foreign Anti-Slavery Society. The remarks
 upon him were as follows:
 “Mr. Bibb took the platform to second a
 resolution proposing to give Bibles 10 the
 slave, and made a long speech in favor of
 this most absurd and extraordinary proposi
 tion. The speech was as absurd as the pro
 position it was intended to support. When
 he confines himself to a narrative of his own
 sufferings, and those of his wife, who is yet
 i in slavery, Mr. Bibb is always interesting,
 touching, and powerful. Beyond that he is
 weak, insipid, and powerless.
 “His address on the present occasion was
 made up of a most illogical display of cant
 phrases abut the bible, its power to abolish
 slavery if given to the slave, &amp;c. It was a
 poor tiling, which would do very well for
 I that namby-pamby class of persons in our
 country who care a great deal about the souls
 of men, b..l care nothing tor their bodies.”
 The True Wesleyan terms this “an un
 called for and low attack on Mr. Bibb and
 i its Editor says he was “present, and listened
 to the speech with great pleasure, and re
 garded his speech as an able argument—logi
 cal, imptessive, and animated.” Many men
 have many minds. We will give a lew
 specimens fiom the speech ot Mr. Bibb, in
 order to show upon w hat grounds we pro
 nounced the speech “weak, insipid, anti
 powerless.’ The aim of the speech was m
 the language of the resolution, “a recommeu
 datum to ail the friends of the anti-sia er\
 cause to aid the American MUsiniuiy Associ
 ation to distribute the Bible among the staves.
 The speech, i. order to have been to me
 purpose, should have demonstrated not mere
 -1 lv the right ol the slave to the Bible, or h
 j destitution of it, but the practicability of ihc
 measuie for about the fiist there is no qu t&gt;-
 tion. and wuids Spent upon n are mia-spem—
 unk-ss it can be show n that the scheme prw
 posed will accomplish the end aimed at. Tne
 latter not beiug Shown, the speecn w as incon
 clusive, weak and ical.
 It seems to us that no scheme of giving
 Bibles to the slave, while he is a slave, ca
 succeed without the co-opeiatiou of the slave
 holders themselves; and this co-operaikn
 Mr. Bmb, in the speech in question virtually
 told the audience could never be obtained—
 thus involving himself in a contradiction
 He said, on that occasion—“As well migh.
 they expect the fox to guard the geese, or in.
 wolf to protect the lamb, as to think tha
 slaveholders would circulate the Word ot G.m
 among their slaves.” On this assertion,
 tuougit u is diametncuiy opposed to M Bibb f
 scheme we most fully quite, and ctn.cluin
 liom it, that the first tiling to be done, is t&lt;
 break the power of the slaveholder, as tnt
 first means of giving the Bible to the slave.
 Mr. Bibb, contrary to our experience, and tb«
 I experience ul many others whom we haw
 I consulted, said, “theie was no plantation 01
 which was a considerable number of slaver,
 where one or mure could not be found abi«
 to read and be added—“there aie main
 slaves at the South who could read the Bible
 I if they had the chance.” What “the chance"
 requited u,or how to give the slave tha
 j “chance,” is s part of the story Mr. Bibi
 left uuiuid, though this is the ouly thin;,
 utateiial. It is quite easy to speculate upoi
 ihe inhabitants of the moon—to draw beauii
 tul pictures of the happiness to be enjoye&gt;
 there—and even to propose a journey to that
 orb; Lut common sense will inquire, beion
 starting timber, by what road ami by whai
 conveyance one is to get there. It is all wel
 enough to assettibe slave's right to the Bible
 and u is equally so to assert his right to i
 spelling-book, since the former would be use
 less without a knowledge of the latter; bin
 neither the one nor the other should take pre
 cedence of the great and compreheoaiv.
 assertion of bts right to personality, as th&lt;
 foundation of all other rights. In the lan
 guage of Theodore D. WsW—“This is Uic
post in the centre, by which all other rights
 •re upheld, sod without which oo other rights
 can exist."—r. o.
Speech of Col. Bestss to the People of
 Missouri,
 This document, afiuouweed some lime since
 by telegraph, and parts of which made their
 appearance ten or twelve days ago, has at
 length been published entire in a large num
 ber of journals ai the North. We hate read
 it with interest as an able and withering poli
 tical castigation ot the ultra slaveholders of
 the South, with Calhoun at their head but
 we have looked in vain though ihe length
 and breadth of it, for any sentiments justify
 ing the idea thst Its author sympathised inf
 auy way with the holy cause oj emancipa
 tton, either gradual or immediate. He argue*
 the constitutionality ot the Wtlmot Proviso
 —calls ti the J. tfersOii Proviso; but deem*
 its adoption by Congress as uunecessai v and
 fraught with luiscliie! to the Union. For
 our part, we see iy Mr. liemou a lar more
 dangetous foe to the anti-slave*y movement, j
 than we recognize in Mr. Calhoun. On the
 point of slaverv, however obscuie and unde-
 fined his position may be in respect to othe
 things, Mr. Calh mn is open, straightforward i
 and unco nproinUmg. \V e understand him. j
 Mr. B.*nton,oo the oilier hand, while terribly!
 explicit with respect to other things, especi-'
 ally in his hostility to Mr. Calhoun, leaves us
 loose upon the broad ocem of speculation a*
 to his real opinions on ih« subject of Ameri
 can slavery.. We have heard Mr. Benton
 spoken of tn some quarters as the probable J
 candidate of ihc Free Soil party for the!
 Preoidency of tfc.; United States in 1852.!
 Low as we regard the aim-slavery standard
 ot that patty to be, we cannot think that Mr.
 Benton could fitly represent it. But we
 shall see.— r. d.
The Birmingham Mercury. Among
 the ablest and most interesting papers which
 wc receive from England, isihe above named
 journal. Mr. George Dawson, its editoi,
 though a young man, is well known in the
 reading circles of this country, as one of the
 most remarkable and talented men of the
 age. His powers as an orator are quite as
 extraordinary as his ability as a writer; and
 although closely engaged m the discharge ot
 his duties as Editor, he spendsa large portion
 of his time in lecturing upon moral, intellec
 tual, and scientific subjects and in addition
 to this, he preaches regularly to a very large
 congregation in Birmingham. His paper is
 re ..arkable for the fullness and originality of
 its editorials. Its selections are various and
 judicious. The tone and purpose of the pa
 per is to instruct, elevate, and improve its
 readeis, especially the humble poor. A
 warm-hearted philanthropy throbs through
 every column. Wc regard this journal as a
 most important auxiliary lo the cause of
 freedom and humanity.— f. d.
Joseph Barker. We observe by a letter
 in the Liberator, and also by one in the Anti-
 Slavery Standard, that it is the intention ot
 Joseph Barker, a well known anti-slavery
 writer and speaker, soon to visit this country.
 It is also mentioned that he contemplates
 making this land his future home. Mr.
 t
 Barker is an able speaker and an activr
 worker, and we have no doubt that should
 he lend his energies to the anti-slavery move
 ment, his visit to these shores will prove
 highly beneficial to the cause of the slave.
 As an earnest advocate of human rights we
 bid him welcome.— f. d.
Colored People of Cincinnati.
 SECOND article.
 There is also m contemplation the purchase
 of ground and erection of an extensive pub
 lic building with many apartments for cuf-,
 farent institutions, a p blic hall for meetings!
 and other purposes. Thia will be another!
 splendid acquisition to the other facilities al
 ready possessed by our Cincinnati brethren,
 t’tie Cemetery consecrated but a year ago
 while we were in that city, has been found a
 moat useful institution to the colored citizens oi
 iliai place. Besides the satisfaction it affuds
 die mends of the deceased to have the n in
 terred m Hi© most respectful maimer, it also
 places in the hands of the Colored people;
 ihemselves, the great amount of money anuu
 »Uy laid out for interment. A colored Undet-!
 nker and furnisher is now badly wanted to
 complete the Cemetery institution establish
 ment which when dune, will place thu
 colored people in this particular precisely on
 a looting with their white fellow citizens.
 I’his however we learn, has already been
 »et on foot, arrangements now being made
 for the establishment of an undertaker and
 an active competent respectable business
 colored man already in the city, negotiating
 tor the establishment.
 Tne Orphan Asylum, is atili in existence,
 but is a drag on the colored citizens. We
 were invited to deliver au address belore the
 Institution tor the' purpose of increasing
 Miinewhat its finances, but various interven
 ng and unforeseen causes, prevented us
 irotn contributing this feeble act of charity, i
 vVe were informed, that the white citizen*
 generally have been as liberal as could be
 xpect. d uudei the circumstances whenever
 called upon, but at best, the establishment is
 poorly provided tor, and bears a disparaging
 and miserable likeness when compared with
 mmlar »..»uiutiona in the city established foi
 me protection and cotnlort of white children,
 -r the excellent Asylum established for colored
 -hildren in New-Yoik City, A burning cry
 ng shame upon the Slate authorities of Ohio,
 dial there has never as yet been one dollar
 tppropriaied by the Slate Legislature to
 .vards this institution of poor helpless unpro
 tected indigent children. Although we
 meerfuily give Ohio credit for some liberality
 oward her much wronged colored citizen*
 during the past year, yet the last dreg of her
 loathsome cup of iniquity cannot be cast out.
 until she redeems her character of the long
 continued injustice and proscription toward
 her colored children. Of all the sins which
 man is “heir to, there is, m neiraughi with
 more fearlul consequences than injustice to
 the orphan and defrauding the widow.
 We visited the Asylum, and instead of that
 neatness of appearance which usually greets
 the eye of the visitor when entering auch in
 vtitutiooa, though the apartments were not
 positively dirty, yet they looked cheerioe?
 ind neglected.
F.rst of all, the children were not we I
 clad, but to the contrary, several of then*
 Mere positively ragged' a condition which
child io an Orphan Asylum should never be
 permitted to sunn. If an institution of this
 kind cannot keep the inmates in good com
 bo table clothing, it requites no argument to
 show that it is badly off. Tim matron it is
 true, did say that they had “plenty clothes,"
 but the condition the childten wete tn, gives
 an idea of what she conclaves to be a plenty.
 Doubtleaa the matron is good and kind 10 the
 children, and we desire uof to reflect &lt;&gt;n her,
 but if we mistake not she is a Southerner of
 the “old-school” notions of propriety in
 such matters, and those who are conversant
 with things among our folks in that part of
 the country, especially the behindthe age par?,
 know hr w far they fail short of our idea tf
 rectitude and propriety. The whole estab
 lishment appcus to teem with that kind of
 management behind the ageism.
 Tne bath which was presented one year a
 »o by Mr. Shiras, after an address by us to the j
 Institution, has not even yet bem fixed, but j
 simply stands in a loom loose, \%h re the
 children fill it with buckets once a week,
 and we suppose the whole bathe in the same
 water w hmt emptying'—The beds instead
 of presenting an airy sweet and clean appear
 ance, looked soiled and neglected—the sheets
 which had been white appeared as though
 they were colored in the washing—sallow
 and unbleached.
 There ts no wardrobe department—no haih
 department —no medical department —no
 School department'—no guest chamber or
 visiters' depaitmrnt— n«» nothing, excepting
 committee room, one neat parloi, bed rooms,
 dining room and kitchen. It is true, the
 pirloris the proper guest chamber in this
 limited establishment, but the present matron
 is not sufficiently initiated into the modus
 operand i of such matters to keep open her
 front door and invite a visitor to a seat She
 is good hearted and pleasant, but simple and
 awkward —keeping her front door locked, she
 lets strangers in at the back door and invites
 them out the same way. This is rather be
 hind the age and savors of the South.
 The colored ladies and gentlemen oT Cin
 cinnati have not sufficient encouragement to
 give the attention to this Asylum its wants
 demand, else we know from their spirit and
 character, things would he different. The
 present matron is not the same who had
 charge last year, and we doubt not for a
 moment but the Trustees have dene as well
 as they could for the means they have to
 keep up the establishment—and we should do
 injustice to an excellent set of ladies and
 gentlemen if we did not cleat them of any
 reflections that might arise from our remarks
 on this subject; and here cheerfully exonerate
 Mem from all blame tn the matter of funds, as
 they have already done far beyond their
 means —and all reflections should be cast
 upon the State of Ohio that for years has
 been robbing God’s poor for the support of
 the institutions of the opulent and wealthy—
 robbing the colored citizens of an immense
 amount of taxes for the support of white
 schools and benevolent institutions for whites
 —Our desire and determination is to apeak
 the truth and leave the event to God. We
 anxiously hope that the colored ladies and
 gentlemen of Cincinnati, especially the ladies,
 will henceforth take a greater interest and
 pay mote attention to the Orphan Asylum.
 It is the cause of the motherless and father
 less infant—the cause of God and humanity.
 Without the fostering care of woman’s hand
 the Asylum cannot succeed. Woman is the
 proper guardian angel of all such institutions.
 M. R. D.
Southern Customs —Mudane Chevalier,
 “M.idatne Chevalier” as she is called, is a
 dark mulatto woman of what the Spanish
 creoles term as sambo color, ai.d takes her
 name from a ataveholding cotton planter in
 the Red river county not far distant above
 Cum.teby the name of Chevalier. This
 woman has had a young and interesting
 daughter, (whose name we forbear to mention
 at piesent lest it may hereafter become a
 source of atmoya 1 ce to her, should she as she
 solemnly declares she will do, if an honora
 ble opportunity ever »»ccur3, come to the
 North again to reside,) tor several yeara at
 school in the city of Cincinnati, w'ho during
 the peuo. of (ithuer’s “High School” was a
 pupil of that institution* l is a comely
 and interesting young girl now about hliceu
 yeata ul age, a pure lmutstana quadroon ol
 the Japaoesa complexion. The mother w ho
 is a native Virginian having been taken south
 when young, eventually falling into the
 handset th a man Chevalier, who at once
 adopted her as his paramour, fur the first time
 came toCincinaali m May bringing two sons,
 handsome youths of twelve and lourteen with
 her, for the purpose of placing them at
 school at Obeiliu and taking her daughter
 home with her, aa she alleged, to finish her
 education in a French Seminary at New
 Orleans.
 The daughter, as is customary with South
 erners, was seut to Cincinnati without the
 mother, the father coming and making ar
 rangements in person,during which period
 she has been under the protection and boarded
 n the family of a very respectable colored
 lady, Mrs. T who keeps a reserved private
 boarding house, while her husband, an enter
 prising industrious man, trades on the river.
 But an absence of nearly five years began to
 give the mother impressions concerning the
 daughter, which she at once determined to
 realise—hence the reason ot her coming in
 stead of the father, to make arrangements
 for the education of her boys. Altnough the
 paramour and mistress, being herself a
 slave, like the slaves generally she was un-,
 educated, and if we mistake not unable to
 read; consequently ao incompetent to dis
 charge duties necessary in making arrange
 men ts for the education of hei boys, that
 she declined to discharge that duty herself,!
 employing Mrs. T guardian of her
 daughter, to lake the youths to Obeilm and
 make arrangements lor their education.
 Not withstanding the ignorance and en
 slavement of this woman, added to which
 was the double degradation of her situation in
 concubinage—yet this wreck of a woman—
 this creature—this victim of human depravity
 had great fault to find with Mrs. T not
 for any delinquency on bcT part of attention
 to the daughter, but foisooth, because she
 did not prohibit her from the company and
 society of colored people altogether, except
 the necessary association with her class at
 school; with an effroi t &lt;ry only befitting that
 ignorance the natural offspring of self degra
 dation, this woman observed to Mr*. T
with indigna nee “Me le, 4
 associate with such people 15 J;
 have slates at borne as gondluofcjng u
 the pitiable creature, forgetting ih,t s j,„
 sell at the same time was a
 tng, as we learned, although &lt;j rt j
 express it in so many words, that
 prefer lo «*ee her dau*hier in concur*.
 while, than respectably married «o a r, y
 man Who could believe that
 rrjf n
 capable of thus reducing to the dfvp** r
 of dgradation the image of God, r ayj'*
 little lower than the angels’— capable f
 obscuring the human vision s 0 m
 vuluniauly close tfie w.ndmvs of tj, e
 shut tmMhe' glaring light ot 11
 fernng darkness io light—preferring
 to intdl genre preferring disgracCto rp
 abil ty —misery to happiness, bec,u*.
 deeds are evil and full of corruption
 But why reflect and animadvert u&gt;-

 conductor this miserable wretched
 ?h t$ an ignorant bondey— she knew
 (tetter, tnd it *hedid, she a ted precre U i,
 she had been taught by her master and pan
 ii our, who in all probability, t? but tnirnng
 up the daughtt r as a superior to. ht\-
 mother. Tim, will not be though* mtprohab
 by th.»se acquainted with Southern ct.si. .n,
 but the ignorant slave mother mile suspect,
 such an even;. She but aUp« ot hundred*
 ot such poor imm rabie being, ho
 the North disseminate the prejudice.. i!;
 inio them at the South by ihe w v t
 holder, whose only object i» to e
 prevent c.mcoid and union among it
 people. Hence, the frequent &gt;if v 3 u 0
 at the eatabliahment of “Quadroon SocieJ.,
 Dead-head Societies," as one in exj’*',
 we believe is now teitned, and such like r
 cul- us feints at superiority of descent fl
 all this has emanated from slaverv
 1 *g?ioracce
 and arrogance; hence, the in ip„d Wloe snrt
 mt.vny ot Madam Chevalier can e M jj v f*. f
 tern ated, although we may not he c j a:
 bly disposed towards those who in ie
 mere favorable auspice, lhe llon 9 i sr
 hol.img states, endorse i(, e dw-rrme and ad„* t
 thi.s hideously delonnt d creature
 pre: sors, endeavoring to rear it up m 2r
 midst. that is necessary tor us u&gt; ,j 0 ,1
 to tamp bur foot upon it and erurii a level i 0
 the earth. We conversed with the voting
 girl of doubtful destination, giving her son*
 good advice, who promised us with tears
 her eyes, that if possible, she would return
 to the embraces of virtue and respectabilm
 —protesting that it was not her desire stall to
 return South, laying the charge of ,iic f eotl
 sequences upon the shoulders of her tnoincr
 —M. R. 1).
Death of James li. l*olk
 The telegraph yesterday (aay s tn. V&lt;iv«
 tiser) brought to us the melancholy inielli
 gence that James K I*«*ik ua m H inv He
 died at Nashville on I‘tiday evening l.lst, j .j
 chionic diarrhoea) at the age of \f,
 Polk, although not an old man, has acted i
 conspicuous part in the politics ot this cbun
 j tf y during the last 20 years.—He was chan
 man of the committee ol wavs and means,
 one of the most important committees of the.
 House of Representatives during a large por
 lion of the Presidency of General Jackson, and
 his reports made to Congress during ihecu n
 troversy in regard to the removal of (lie de
 posits from the U. JB. Bank and the le-chaiter
 of that institution, at once placed bun at the
 hoad of l.io po.ij in itic House. Iti ;&lt;vm
 was elected to the Presidency of tie United
 As announced liy him be fort
 his election, lie refflsed to be considered as
 I candidate for a second tom and on the |ih
 Marchlast, retired to private hte
 A Fact Place Mts.— Patj it routin'
 Dr. Joseph W«»ltf, that wonderful nun, win
 'made such a noble effort to ascertain the
 fate of Stud lart and Connelly, two Urine
 j officers, who were murdered at P.-knar r
 stated,! one of a course of Lectures on d*
 E trih, delivered in (South Shield? last iuumis
 that he might attribute his hundred ar: I oii
 I escapes from murder in that country, ;.j tie,.
 circumstances that he nevei eoned a wef.
 pon of defence with him, and to he, n'eetii-ix
 the warlike trifws in a spuit of conrilutiur.'
 Many of his f Tow-traveller, who &lt;-»rr/e'
 weapons were murdered.— \unr ’tfn-m.si
 Mademoiselle Lind. VVV heir thaij
 Mademoiselle Lind remains in Pans t u ih&gt;i
 present, and that her marriage is iirok*o of!
 this intelligence has been a source ot cm r*
 gratulation to her private friends, as wtd ?4
 to the public generally, since ibe -jikl ’,vn
 this union was her retiring from ihe stage.-r
 j Morning Chronicle.
 Absconding Slaves. Quite a number .j&lt;
 slaves have lately fled fioui Louduu count
 j Virginra, and when some of them wen? a-r
 j rested they produced well exeeu'td frvv
 j papers, which proved to b*: forged f tg':’-
 male slaves got oil also from Hampshnv
 1 county, Virginia, -and were not retaken
 Baltimore Clipper Uth.
 'l’he Heblilding ot St. Lous —Th H?
 publican of the 20tb tells us that therr;
 j great activity all over the Burn? District,
 .removing the piles of bricks, stone and in-rt
 preparatory to rebuilding. Hundreds i' l
 men are thus employed. Kngag.•merits sc
 made evi ry day for the erection ol eg’
 houses for stores. Unless tne re *liouD be
 extraordinary difficulty in getting hkt
 work, and building materials, it will c..u b
 twelve rrmntfia before the whole of the W~ rn
 j District, from laicust to Market
 be built up again.
 Food for thf Scaffold.— iHt 6
 the present year, there hare been *ix rv
 lions,*tn the United States, of
 murder there are six more under s**-
 death, and tvme twenty late ntutdet l
 j mtttals yet to be tried.
 Flowers. —Why does not everybody
 a geranium, a rose or some other flower m
 window 1 It very cheap, next to noth
 you raise it from seed or slip, and is a bri
 and a companion. As charming H £l
 aays t« sweetneathe nr,rejoices the eye,
 you with oatuie and innocence, and is
 thing to love. If it cannot love you m re* urn
 lit cannot hate you; it cannot utter a n*. u
 thing, even for neglecting it, for though
 all beauty, it has no vanity and living
 does, purely to do you good, and iftdrd
 pleasure, how can you neglect it 1
 Thunder-storms and Viuita rtox.—A 11
 recent meeting of the Hadleigh Farin'
 :Club, Dr. Ryan (ofthe Polytechnic) sal?]
 had been long noticed by many ehemta** 1 jl,
 j after a thunderstorm, water Contained that h?
 tilunng agent, nitrate of ammonia.
 the pasaage of the electric agent the ,tc&gt;
 became decompoeed Itghtnu g,
 through the atmosphere, dec*uupored it,
 ;ducing uitrtc acid, a compound
 nitrogen and oxygen at the aaroo
 free hydrogen of the decomposed watsr f,;
 hmed with the nitric acid, and so strong
 the affinity, that they immediately
 gether and formed tha femliamg
 ti ate of ammonia. Thia no doubt
 tbe reasons why, after thundcr-*torui»,
 tattoo locked more beauUiui than hateic-
"
