"Poetry.
 [TV following bmthing* ofi wrj pon- *piHl,
 hn»e Wm wnt w, with a req«r*t to repoWirfi. TV
 pawn wi wTitten by Jakes Kewhard, Jr., who
 lt «m ptrf&gt;-
 linhH in the PortwKmth Journal, moate trn years
 ago, orcr the aigiMiiwe A. Z- The author *a« not
 known to th» public.)
 WHAT SHALL I ASK IN PRAYER.
 What •ball I a*k in prayer* Harr 1 not all
 That Fortune ran be«um of earthly gift*—
 Health, riche*, friend* 1
 What .trail I uk in prayer'
 That God continue to pour out on me,
 Thu* bountifully, ait earth 1 choicest blea-ing* 1
 Shall I kneel down and pray that be will still
 Preaerre my health inviolate; auatain,
 In all ita robust strength thi* wondrous franie 1
 That he will still pour wealth into my coffers,
 Nor leave a tingle wi»h uagralified.
 Which luxury can prompt! Or shall I ask
 That friends may yet be true; that time may not
 Estrange tbeir hearts from me, nor death destroy 1
 Shall I prty tbo*! No! let me rather bend,
 In fearful, trembling meekness at thy shrine
 Father in Heaven! O give me strength to ute
 Aright those talent* which in wisdom Thou
 Committed to my rare. lam thy steward;
 And when the final day of reck’ning comes,
 May I then render in a good account.
 1 pray not that Thou wouldst continue all
 These earthly blessings; for thou kno west what
 It best for me. Should sickness, sorrow, want,
 E’er come upon me, —all that I ask, O God!
 Is Resignation to thy My will’

 What shall I ask in prayert Misfortune sweeps
 Resistless over all my earthly hopes.
 Storm after storm has beat upon my head;
 Broken and scattered to the winds the fabric
 Of all my worldly greatness. One by one
 My plans have failed; and, striving to regain
 The ground which I had lost, and seat myself
 Again on Fortune’s highest pinnacle,
 1 liave but overwlielmed myself the more.
 And made my fall the greater. All is gone!
 Riches have fled, and deep corroding care
 Has preyed upon my very life; this frame,
 Erect in health and manly vigor once,
 Which scarcely knew what illness was, is bowed
 By sickness; tottering and feeble now
 The once elastic step. Pale is the cheek
 Which once did wear the ruddy glow of health;
 And dim the eye which shone with joy and hope.
 One comfort only yet remains to me—
 A gentle friend, true as in former days,
 More kind and more affectionate than ever.
 She watches by my bed, and soothes my pain,
 And droops not though my spirit sinks within me.
 Adversity’s thy element, O woman!
 What shall I ask in prayer! Shall 1 send up
 To Heaven’s gate complaining notes of woe,
 And supplicate Jehovah to give back
 The ridies and tire health of former days'!
 Doth not the Lord know what is best for me
 Father above! I bow beneath the rod;
 Amid the desolation of my hopes,
 I ask but Resignation to thy mil!

 What shall 1 ask in prayer! 1 have no friend!
 Misfortune robbed me of my wealth, and then
 1 saw, alas! the ties which bound my friends
 To me were golden strings; they snapped in twain;
 My riches fled; and friendship was no more!
 Death snatched away my last, true, only friend.
 .She died! and I am left alone to drag
 in misery the burden of my life along.
 Grim famine stares; and sickness eats into
 My very vital*, nor allows a moment’s rest.
 Poor, friendless, sick, —1 raise my thoughts to
 Heaven.
 What shall I ask in prayer! Shall 1 besiege
 God’s throne with lamentations! Shall I pray
 That he teatcre to me health, riches, friends!
 Then would my sorrows liave l&gt;een all in vain.
 Health makes us thoughtless that a time will come
 When dust returns to dust,” and riches are
 Too prone to keep our thoughts from higher things;
 And friends do often fill the heart so wholly,
 That not one thought of God can gain admittance.
 Tis good for me that I have been afflicted.”
 I thank thee, God; and should there be in store
 Yet further trials, strengthen me, I pray,
 And give me spiritual health, and may
 My riches be laid up in Heaven above;
 My everlasting Friend, the God of Love.
 In earthly troubles, Lord, l ask thee still
 But Resignation to thy holy mil.'
 PALFREY AND RIGHT.
 Thoughts suggested by reading the speech of 4 \lr.
 I’*l.frit, delivered in Congress, Feb. 26, 1849.
 Brave champion of moral right.
 Well— nobly, hast thou done;
 Upheld by Truth’* unconquered might,
 Her laurel thou hast won.
 For Liberty, so dear to thee—
 A word of magic spell;
 For Justice, birthright of the free.
 Thou hast contended well.
 Bold man! thou stood’st in Congress Hall,
 To baffle wrongs and woes,
 Obedient there to duties call,
 Una wed by party foes.
 In Virtue’s panoply arrayed,
 Oppression’s hosts to dare;
 A courage (rue hast thou displayed,
 A firmness mild and rare.
 Thy dauntless voice has sounded fin ill
 In Freedom’s sacred cause;
 May East and West, may South and North
 Give thee thy due applause!
 Well may our Old Bav State be proud
 Of such a son as thou,
 And while she boasts thy talents, loud.
 With honors wreathe thy brow.
 Long ’mid our nation’s Council-men
 May we discern thy name;
 Oft, by thy qpiotry’s call, again,
 Mav’st thou the truth proclaim.
 And as tl.ou risest to defend
 The cause of Equity,
 May hallowed joys thy path attend,
 And blessings circle thee.
 While true to trust, thou lak’tt thy ground,
 In firm, unconquered might,
 The earnest cry shall far resound—
 For Palfrey, Freedom, Right'”
 And in the annals of our age,
 Be traced with fond delight,
 In future years, on History’s page—
 For Palfrey, Freedom, Right”’
 From tlie Knickerbocker.
 THE FORCE OP LOVE.
 Do good to tlieui that hate you, if your hater*
 Be seven empires fenced in three-ply »ted
 Ami ye l* yiitiuieu, wuu w ill clwUie
 Your non-resisting front with lightning blast,
 And to your naked virtue give your foes
 As driven stubble. Revolutionise
 In love, and reconstruct in love; so shall
 Ve saved be, and save, amid the raging storm.
 BE FRIENDLY.
 *Ti« welt to walk with a cheerful keaii
 Where’er our fortune* call.
 With a friendly ghuic* and an open hand,*
 And a geufle word for all
 Bmra life m a thorny and difficult path,
 Where tod is the purt tMO of mu
 We ad should eudaavu* while pass a* stun*
 Te make *t u smooth m w* m*
Selections.
 CATorm s f or, burying alive.
 It wo a breathless night in June.
 My windows wera sil open, and yet the
 flame of my candle scarcely flickered. I
 had become deeply interested in the
 pages of a new book, and was heedless
 of the lapse of time, or the circumstan
 ces that surrounded me, until suddenly
 a moth fluttered in the flame, and the
 crackling of its filmy wings attracted my
 attention. Upon glancing at my watch,
 I found to my suprise it was already
 after midnight. I determined there
 upon to read no more, and shutting my
 book, walked across the room to
 draw the curtain, intending to go to
 bed, but the moonlight shone so pleas
 antly in at my window, that I was forc
 ed to sit down and lean upon the sill,
 and gaze out upon the scene. There
 were a few thin whitish clouds hanging
 around the horrizon, like the distant
 wings of an enormous spirit, but other
 wise, the sky was perfectly cloudless.
 Above, the moon was shining peace
 fully, and below, the world lay dream
 ing in its misty shroud, half obscured,
 save where the curving river glancing
 in the moonlight, shining like burnished
 silver. There is a strange fascination
 in sitting in the moonlight—and for al
 most an hour I sat leaning out into the
 air. All was quiet save the monoto
 nous musical gurgle of frogs in the
 pond, and at intervals the rustling
 leaves, as a tremulous breath oi wind
 swelled gently and then died away,
 or the prolonged bark of some far off
 dog. I had fallen into a vague reverie,
 when I heard the bell striking one. I
 arose and went to bed. But no sooner
 had 1 left the window than I felt a
 sharp pain shoot through my head,
 which, after occuring at intervals
 through the next half hour, finally set
 tled into a raging headache. My brain
 throbbed violently and seemed loose in
 my head, so that every motion added
 pain. It was as if an iron hand com
 pressed my temples with its griping fin
 gers. I lay thus tossing, restless and
 sleepless, for several hours, and finally
 fell asleep.
 1 dreamed that I was lying beside a
 waterfall, half asleep. The water rush
 ed, hissing down beside me as if an
 ocean were loosened, and hurried boil
 ing fiercely, down a rocky declivity.—
 The air was dazzled with spray, which
 fell over me like hot sparks, and the
 trees above me, seen through it, seem
 ed at times human skeletons, which
 bent their long bony arms down my
 face, and then slowly rising, uplifted
 themselves into the air and became nat
 ural trees again. A thousand circles
 intertwining or interlacing, dilated and
 contracted incessantly, then slowly the
 motion decreased, and they kept creep
 ing around more and more gently, un
 til they swam into a broad sea of
 smooth, glassy water, and fading out
 of my sight, left the air above me calm
 and clear. Soon a small eye seemed
 placidly looking at me, that grew larger
 and larger, until it filled the wide ring
 of the horizon; then it changed into a
 face which looked close into my eyes;
 gradually the features became distorted
 into a hideous rid "Tinned, and
 then a thousand ..u,.* crowded
 one upon another, uutil the air seemed
 full of them; they were huddled togeth
 er and tossed about without body, like
 the waves of the ocean. Now I sud
 denly seemed to be crawling on my
 hands and knees over slimy and slip
 pery rocks, which were covered with
 damp green seaweed. As I groped a
 long, the seaweed began to change into
 snakes, until the rocks seemed alive
 with the nauseous, crawling reptiles,
 that rubbed their slimy sides against
 my limbs and cheeks, and cast over me
 a chill of horror; all my flesh seemed to
 creep, and the very scalp to move on
 my skull. In the midst of my horror
 and torment, I heard the wild ringing
 of a bell. I suddenly and convulsively
 opened my eyes, and heard the break
 fast bell ringing, for a moment 1 experi
 enced the most grateful relief from this
 nightmare which has more than once
 affected me—and no one can tell (he
 gush of feeling which came over me
 when I found all this scene was but a
 dream. I lay thus for a moment think
 ing of the change, and then resolved to
 spring from the bed and dress myself
 immediately; but to my surprise and
 j horror, I found I could not move. My
 body and limbs seemed rigid as marble,
 and of an intolerable weight. I could
 neither turn my head, nor stir hand nor
 foot. My eyeballs were fixed on a
 spot upon the white wall above'my head
 and 1 could neither turn them nor draw
 down the lids. In vain I strove to move
 —1 was perfectly stiff and torpid and
 without the power of motion. There
 seemed to be some appalling discon
 nection between the mind and body,
 as if my living soul was chained Meze
 tins-like to a dead body. There was no
 pain—only a fearful sensation, as ifthe
 whole air had congealed into a firm,
 transparent amber which held me strict
 ly imprisoned.
 Suddenly, like the swift track of a
 falling star, the thought shot across my
 mind that I was dead. Yes, that could
 be the only solution of this dreadful e
 nigma—l was sure that I was dead,
 but O, God! was this death? Had we
 been always mistaken, and did the soul
 remain thus to haunt the body without
 the ability to cast it off? Was it only
 a suspension of power over this fibrous
 j mass and these finely organized senses,
 and nicely adjusted muscles. Only the
 breaking of one link in the subtle
 chain that connected all the faculties
 and powers of their instruments Per
 haps the soul was never freed until the
 body had rotted off, little by little, into
 a mass of corruption and exhaled or
 fallen to dust; and I was destined to in
 habit this living house, and feel i*
 slough away from me and perish, ere I
 could emerge into the light and beauty
 of a new life. This I had never dream
 ed of, and all the joy and luxury of ex
 istence, all the sense of light and sun
 shine and fresh air, all the thousand
 fold delights with which God has strewn
 the pictured world were not worth such
 a price. Upon theae lip* the worm
 should feed, and 1 could not drive him
 away—theae eves, through which the
 soul hid looked upon a mild, glorious
 world, clear glasses, would chauge un
 til they were loathsome and corrupted.’
 Oh, God' the agony of such a thought*
 Nothing I had ever imagined equalled
it in terror! —And when I recalled the
 dead faces of thoee I had loved and
 buried, and remembered the benign
 and placid smile which shone upon
 them, like the last foot priots of the
 freed and rejoicing spirit as it fled
 heavenward, and which seemed to be
 token the recognition by the sonl of a
 diviner sense as it was leaving its clay
 tenement, and thought that perchance,
 even at the very moment while I was
 bending over them to take a last fare
 well look, with this feeling in my heart,
 they were enduring the same fierce,
 burning torment —the same feelings of
 horror and despair that gnawed me
 like a burning worm! it seemed to me
 as if all the joys I had ever known on
 earth would not counterbalance so
 dreadful a doubt.
 I heard my name called from below
 —I made another effort, but my tongue
 was torpid and dull as lead. Still I,
 could not resign myself to the thought
 that I was dead. 1 inwardly declared
 that I would move—l strove with al
 most superhuman exertions, but in
 vain; I could not take my eyes from
 that spot on the wall, which had be
 come more accursed because I must see
 it. Sidewise, through my eyes! I saw
 the pleasant sunshine through the
 room; and over my head the busy flies
 hummed and buzzed- incessantly, and
 crept now and then across my face.
 How long and tedious seemed the
 moments; they were years to my ex
 cited mind—no one came. An age of
 torment seemed to have passed when I
 heard a light tap at the door—l could
 not answer it. Again I heard a louder
 knock; I knew it was my sister, for she
 spoke and called me by name. The
 door opened and she came forward
 cautiously, and again spoke as she ap
 proached the bed. She 1 joked a mo
 ment at me, and touched me—l did not
 speak, but lay motionless, with my eyes
 fixed on that infernal spot. She paused
 a moment, and then, uttering a pierc
 ing scream, ran to the door and called
 my mother. Instantly the horror of the
 cry brought the whole family to my
 bedside. They lifted my hand and it
 fell again upon the coverlid. They felt
 of my heart—there was not a flutter of
 the pulses, for all that, it seemed to
 me as if hell itself could not be worse
 than the torment that I was enduring. I
 heard the quick convulsive sobs, and
 felt a soft hand smoothe the hair from
 my forehead. Some one said,
 “He must have died in a lit, and yet
 how calm his face is.”
 “Yes,” was the answer, “he proba
 bly suffered no pain and died almost im
 mediately—perhaps in his sleep.”
 Then the voices grew more distant
 and murmuring, and some on© left the
 room. Soon the door opened, and the
 face of the family physician intercepted
 the dreadful spot for a moment. Now,
 thought I, he will know that I ain not
 dead, and will relieve me from this sit
 uation. He felt of my heart and pulse
 for a moment, and then I heard him
 say, in answer to the anxious inqui
 ries:
 “Yes, Madame, I ain sorry to say
 he is entirely gone. My art can avail
 him nothing.”
 The voices became lower, and I listen
 ed in vain.
 It was a long dark pause—then the
 butters were closed, and persons trod
 lightly across the floor, and spoke to
 each other in an under tone, as if the
 place were sacred. The silent awe
 which pervades the chamber of death,
 and hushes the voice as if the senseless
 clay could hear, had passed over their
 spirits like breath stains upon glass.
 I heard the low confused murmur of
 voices drowned through the darkened
 chamber.—Now and then the door
 opened, and some one bent over me and
 gazed at me, while scalding tears fell
 upon my face. Then the room was
 emptied of all persons, and I was left
 alone in the darkness and stilluess. I
 listened for voices, for anything was
 better than this dreary stillness—but in
 vain; a spell was on the house; its
 sounds of laughter, its* rapid footsteps,
 its bustle and noise were gone; and
 every step was careful and slow, and
 every voice a whisper. So went on
 hour after hour and I still lay helpless,
 and longing for the the moment when I
 should be able to move and loosen my
 self from the close, deathly grasp which
 almost pressed the life out of the body.
 —As I lay thus, I suddenly heard a
 bird’s gush of song from the tree be
 neath my window; how joyfully it war
 bled unconscious of the agony so near it
 —and how my heart sickened within me
 as 1 heard it.
 Soon persons came and wrapped me
 up in white linen, and swathed my limbs
 and made the horrible funeral arrange
 ments. Some one said, “How ghastly
 his eyes look,” and then gently pressed
 down the lids over the balls of my
 eyes. Never till then did I dream that
 this accursed spot on which my gaze
 had been riveted for so many hours,
 could become dear to me. The thought
 that we are viewing any object, how
 ever mean, for the last time, always
 raises its importance, and gives it a fic
 titious value; and now this spot was like
 the straw to a drowning man, the silver
 light of sunlight in a prisoner’s dungeon
 —the last link to this visible earth. I
 strove in vain to keep open the lids—
 slowly they yielded to the pressure of
 the fingers, and gradually the range of
 vision became more and more confined
 until all was utterly out. Never had
 the fear of being buried alive suggest
 ed itself, but now it came over me like
 a gulphing wave. I thought that I
 should be laid down alive in the charn
 el-house among the decaying corpses,
 and stifled from the clear breath of
 heaven, famish, if indeed I were not
 dead already. All the frightful stories
 of such occurrences that I had ever
 read came to my mind, and the hope of
 ultimate recovery got feebler and fee
 bler.
 The night came, and how dreary and
 unending it seemed. One after the
 other 1 heard the hours struck by the
 clock, until at last from pure exhaus
 tion, I lost my senses. It must hsve
 been late in the morning when I return
 ed to consciousness, f felt Kstwlg upon
 me—they were lifting me into the cof
 in! 1 heard them screw in screw after
 •crew until the lid was fastened, sad
 only the narrew space remained open.
 I felt the side# of the coffin jar and rob
 against my arms, and I despaired that I
 should sver recover my power of me*
 lien
The coffin was lifted and pieced upon
 a table. Some one asked when I was
 to be buried—'This afternoon,” wasj
 the answer, “he has now been dead
 two days.” I bad then been uncon
 scious for the length of a whole day.
 Now the time instead of dragging a
 weary length, seemed to fly with a
 lightning-like rapidity. The past
 seemed endlessly long—the future was
 foreshortened to a breath, a moment.
 The clock ticked faster and faster, and
 time seemed to pour itself away in rap
 id moments, as a rising thunder cloud
 empties its fierce heavy drops more and
 more rapidly.
 It was afternoon—the company gath-|
 ered—the shutters creaked beside ine, j
 and the window was open. I felt the;
 warm breath of the spring air steal
 over my face like e delicious odor. Ij
 heard the birds singing among the i
 branches—the clergyman’s voice re
 peating the first lines in the service
 for the dead—“l am the resurrection
 and the life,” &amp;c.
 His voice ceased—some one raised
 the lid of the coffin to screw it down
 prior to its removal. I heard a faint
 exclamation from some one bending
 over me—
 Good God, he must be alive yet;
 there are drops of perspiration upon his
 forehead! Bring a mirror and place
 it to his lips, he may breathe yet.
 Believe me, those painful moments I
 would not suffer again, if the price
 should be a showering of the wealth and
 glory that the world can bestow. Such
 suffering does not leave a man where
 it finds him. I arose from my bed an
 altered man; with my moral and mental
 constitutions completely changed.
ANECDOTE BURNS.
 ‘On one occasion, says Mr. K
 our informant, ‘Burns had been in the
 habit, for some weeks, of laying aside
 a few pence weekly from his slender
 earnings to purchase a book entitled
 ‘Scottish Melodies, wnich he had read
 and was anxious to own. By the most
 rigid economy he at length acquired a
 sum sufficient to obtain the greatly de
 sired work when passing by a wretch
 ed cottage, he heard the cry of children
 for bread. Prompted by the generous
 feelings of his heart, he entered to learn
 the condition of the family, and found a
 weak emaciated mother, engaged with
 her needle, sewing together some rags
 to cover her half naked children. They
 were shivering around her, without food
 or fire, exposed to the inclemcnces of a
 cold November wind, which found its
 way thro’ many an open crevice into
 their miserable tenement.
 ‘The woman informed him that her
 husband had left them several weeks
 before in a drunken frolic, since which
 time they had not heard from him, end
 that they had that morning eaten their
 last meal of potatoes. This was the
 only kind of food they had tasted for
 several days, nor did they know from
 what source they were to obtain more.
 Burns could hear no more, but placing
 before them the few shillings he had
 suffered such self-denial to procure,
 without waiting for the thanks of the
 grateful family, except as they were ex
 pressed by tears of joy, retraced his
 steps homeward. ‘Often,’ says Mr,
 K ‘have I heard him say, he ex
 perienced more pleasure from that act
 than he should from the possession of
 the best library in the kingdom.’
CULTIVATE ENERGY.
 Many of the physical evils, the want
 of vigor, the inaction of system, the
 languor and hysterical affections which
 are so prevalent among the delicate
 young women of the present day, may
 be traced to a want of well-trained and
 mental power and well exercised self
 control, and to an absence of fixed hab
 its of employment. Real cultivation of
 the intellect, earnest exercise of the
 moral power, the enlargement of the
 mind, by the acquirement of knowledge,
 and the strengthening of its capabilities
 for effort, the firmness of the endurance
 of inevitable evils, and for energy in
 combatting such as may be overcome,
 are the ends which education has to at
 tain; weakness if met by indulgence,
 will not only remain weakness, but be
 come infirmity. The power of the mind
 over the body is immense. Let that
 power be called forth; let it be trained
 and exercised, and vigor, both of body
 and mind, will be the result. There is
 a homely, unpolished saying, that “it is
 better to wear out than to rust out;’*
 but it tells a plain truth, rust consumes
 faster than use. Better a million times
 better, to work hard, even to the short
 ening of existence, than to eat and
 sleep away the precious gift of life,
 giving no other cognizance of its pos
 aeasiott. By work, or industry, of
 whatever kind it may be, we give a
 practical knowledge of the value of life,
 of its high intentions, of its manifold j
 duties. Lamest, active industry, is a
 living hymn of praise, a never-failing
 source ot happiness; it is obedience,
 for it is God’s great law of moral exis
 tence. j
Courtesy. Shall Courtesy be done
 only to the rich, and only by the rich;
 In Good-breeding, which differs, if at
 all, from High-breeding, only as it
 gracefully remembers the rights of
 others, rather tban gracefully insists on
 its own rights, I discern no special con
 nection with wealth and birth; but
 rather that it lies in human nature it
 self, and is due from all men towards all
 men. Of a truth, were your School
 master at his post, and worth anything
 when there, this, with so much else,
 would be reformed. Nay, each man
 were then also his neighbor’s school
 master; till at length a rude visaged,
 unmannered Peasant could no more be
 met with, than a Peasant unacquainted
 with hntiniral Phv«in|ogv or who f«*)t
 not that the clod he broke was created
 in Heaven.— Tho. Carlyle.
Pride. —lt is a truth universally ac
 knowledged, that there is no passion so
 deeply rooted in human nature as that
 of rnde. Whether of self or of family,
 of deeds done in our own bodies, or
 of those who have lived many years be
 fore us, —all find some foundation on
 which to build their Tower of Babel.
 Even the dark uncertain future be
 comes a bright field of promise to the
 eve of Pride, which, like Banquo’s
 bloody (heel, will smile upon the due
 perspective ot* posthumous g rvalues
jlbocrtisemcntß.
Imjuriaot tt Farmers.
 IDE'S Patent Wheel Cultivator and Wire Gru*
 Plow. The Fannin* Public are hereby inf&gt;rmed
 that Letter* Patent hare been taken out by the Sub
 scriber for his recent great improvement* "in the con
 struction and maaufartuiY of Fir LD CULTIVATORS;
 an improvement so great as to entirely revolutionise
 the whole system of tanning. In reducing the expense
 one-half or more. Wherever they liave been intro
 duce! I, they have met the decided approbation of
 artners, as the following certificates from the intel*
 igent and practical former* whose names are
 tt ached, abundantly show:
 CERTIFICATES.
 This may certify tliat we, the Subscribers, have
 seen and used the Patent Wheel Cultivator, invented
 tiy Nath a a Ids, of Shelby, Orleans Co., New
 York, ami falievk it to lie, as a labor-saving ma
 chine, one of the greatest improvements of the age.
 By it, a farmer can put in from ten to fifteen neres
 more of w heat in a year, with the same amount o‘
 team labor; lie can also sow it in much better order, j
 By it also Canada thistles and other noxious weeds
 way lie totally extirpated. Said machine is so con
 structed that it can be regulated to go any depth, by
 means of screws on the upper part of the machine,
 and thus either plow up the ground thoroughly, or
 only jnst brush the surface. Upon the whole, we
 think it decidedly the best machine ever invented for
 pulverizing the ground and facilitating the labor of
 tin* Farmer, and as such we cheerfully recommend it
 to our brother fanners.
 James H. Hediey, James Ide
 Enos Newman, John Stevens,
 John C. Wheeler, Hartes Hedlev,
 Gardner Berry James P. Andersou,
 Shelby, Co., April 23, 1848.
 We, the undersigned, purchased one of Nathan
 Ide’s Patent Cultivators last Fall, and found it
 answer the purpose so well, that w e have this Spring
 made purchase of another. We can with this Plow
 prepare w ith two horses, eight acres of land per day
 for wheat, ami it is much fatter done than by the
 old plows; and the land pepared by this Cultivator
 will yield 5 bush, per acre more.
 ELI CHURCH.
 JRiga, June, 1848. DENNIS CHURCH.
 After these testimonials, the Suliscriber deems it
 unnecessary to enter into a long and elaborate des
 cription of the implement, with its various modes of
 operation. To fa fully appreciated, it must be seen
 and used. No farmer wlio fully understands his
 interest will be without one, as it is an invaluable
 implement.
 NATHAN IDE, Patentee.
 Shelby, Orleans Co., N. Y., July 1848.
 IDE’S Patent Cultivator is manufactured by
 LFAI ELLS, Buffalo Street, near the Bull’s
 Head, Rochester, N. Y., where farmers are invited
 come and examine for themselves.
ROCHESTER SHOE AND LEATHER
 JOBBING HOUSE.
 THE subscribers at No. 22 State street, take plea
 sure in announcing to the public that they have
 completed arrangements by w hich they are enabled
 to offer the most satisfactory inducements to all en
 gaged in the sale or manufacture of Boots and Shoes,
 to come to this market for a supply.'
 They are also offering on the most favorable terms,
 a large stock of Sole and Upper Leather, Kip, Calf,
 and Morocco Skins, with a full assortment of Find
 ing, including Lasts, Pegs, &amp;c. Dealers will find it
 greatly to their interest to examine our stock before
 purchasing elsewhere.
 jylO SAGE PANCOST.
PRINTING PAPER AGENCY.
 WE are Agents for the Buffalo Paper Mills,
 where Paper of the best quality is made from
 pure spring water, very white and smooth. A sup
 ply of News and Book Paper kept constantly for
 sale by us, at Mill prices, in large or small lots.
 Any size and quality of Paper not on hand, fur
 nished at short notice.
 Printers and others will do well to call and exam
 ine the quality and price, at No.Jb Exchange st.
 FISHER Co.
 j&gt;2l Booksellers and Publishers.
TRUNKS! TRUNKS!
 THE first quality of article is to fa had at LAING
 BON NELL’S new Establishment, No 59,
 State Street, Rochester Also a general assort
 ment of Valises, Travelling Bags, &amp;c, which are
 offered at the very lowest prices for- Cash
 Carriage Trimming executed in the latest style
 and with dirpatch, by J. T. Laing, at his old stand
 in State Street, opposite the Mansion House.
 JT L having had extensive experience in the
 Eastern markets, hopes to give satisfaction to a
 generous public who shall favor him with their pa
 tronage
 Rochester, July 14, 1848 3m
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review,
 The ISorth British Review, the Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE w ide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the view s of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North (British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publisecd in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of tlie two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, tlie re fore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimileof the Edinburgh
 edition-
 RICES FOR 1849, (if subscribed for early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, S 3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood's Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood rmd the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advanc.e
 CLUBBING. i
 Four copies of any or all the above works will bj
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 scription lor three—-the fourth copy being gratis. j
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with die British publishers of
 Blackw&lt;m*l’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of!
 that work, by which we shall lie able to 'place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that J
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga-,
 zme. Tlierefore we repeat subscribe early while
 tlie price is low.
 Remittances ami communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers/
 LEONARD SCOTI’ CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 WM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad*
 way. Also an extensive assortment of Cravats,
 Stocks, Hosiery-, Gloves, lie
 Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, Corner of Frank
 fort awl Gold Street.
 Free Labor Goods.
 If AM F ACTbREU by the American Free Pro*
 l"A duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Gingham*; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin
 bleached awl unbleached, of various qualities
 width: thin for tinmn c L :c j
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;!
 Cotton Lap*; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an e«* j
 re Lieut article; Catien, Mocking#, Knitting Cotton,!
 Ate. Sic.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring informaltou.
 urn be addressed u, J. Miller McKiro, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Trath-street, or in
 James Mott, No. 35, CRvch Alley.
 A large awl handsome assortment of Prints now
 land. jnl—tf
Aiil-sitnry Oflrr,
 31, Nvrtk Fifth Sir ft t Phtbdtlpkta.
 Arm. of «m,.,bv«ry public*) km
 kr|N rumtanil, m Ihml. Al*u fmtdmm
 r%T *l? |«MICWto«., AIM I w-rto
 Mwi I Mr v HtatMMry
 AU Mtoi* rrUIMM to tbr hwuwM u ihr uAm
 to l» to I MiMrt NiKmi. SI. N««tb
 1 »«th KK i KhtU.|»l|A I,
PROSPECTUS
 Aierkai Pferf ■•tacit*! JtiraaL
 O. 8. fowler, editor.
 r 5 reform aim) perfect ourselves and our race. if
 the most exalted of all work*. Y et, to do this we'
 must understand the Human Constitution. This
 Phrenology, Phy*i«fog\ and Vital Magnetism ern-1
 brace. and fence expound all thr laws of our being,
 cnoditioßS of happiness, and constitute the phtkw*&gt;-i
 pber's stone of l niversal Truth.
 PHRENOLOGY
 Earh number will contain either the analysis amt
 location of some phrenological faculty, illustrated bv
 an Engraving, or an artical on their rombiaptHsis:
 and also the organization and character of -orue dis
 tinguished personage, accompanied by a likeness.
 PHYSIOLOGY
 Health I« Life. Tlie great instrument of talent vir
 tue and happiness, all &lt;&gt;f which it augments. To its
 perservation and restoration, special attention w ill lie
 given.
 MAGNETISM.
 With practial instruction, interesting facts, and
 chii ice truths which it unfolds, will be presented in j
 f s Journal.
 YOUNG MEN.
 The blessings they enjoy the influence thev can
 wield, and their preparation tor conducting my insti
 tutions, will form the theme of a series of articles.
 SELF-IMFROVEMENT.
 W ho does not long earnestly, and would not strive
 assiduously, to cultivate his natural powers, and i
 render himself better and more happy! To sucli.j
 each number will he a prompter and text-hook.
 TERMS—invariably in advance—ONE IH.fI.L
 -AR A YEAR
 SAMPLE NUMBERS of this Journal will
 sent GRATIS, when desired.
 To receive attention, letters and orders must be
 POST-PAID, and directed to
 FOWLER WELLS.
 No 131 Nassau St.,New Yorl
 WILLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 Boots aikl Shoe*, 80, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand a good assert
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 P»'d to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
 Davis.
 NORTH AMPTOJMI'ATER CURE.
 T Electricity and Hydropathy.
 HE public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Lmorv College, Ga., and the] scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the tact, that
 the conclusions at which' the undersigned arrived bv
 the sense of touch, in 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human body, in a healthy condition, is in a positne
 electrical state, and that' the electrical emanations
 from the ruticular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease—there is some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge ol
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will cease their Vociferations
 against the positive electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the Northamp
 ton Water Cure. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may lie permitted here
 to repeat his experience, that, in all cases where, the
 wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in the electronegative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief. U« the other hand, when the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive
 state, however disarranged, there is ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the results of past years’ practice
 already convinced die public of the safety or truth
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 of disease, and practising the cure, die recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, by Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, could not fail to convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success is a Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gratitude
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, tlie undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain tlie credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the case of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonviile, on the west (sank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, a lion t two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress-1
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated anil conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of laths, supplied with water, which, for
 übundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment in this country. The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant, walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear as they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are liere successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tlie bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina!
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sail
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves w ill
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow rases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, u
 cut for fomeutations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are £5 50 t&lt;
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra
 A patient who from choice or the character of hii
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor
 will pay $8 00 per week—on the first and secont
 floors, $8 30 per week. Patients requiring extri
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except fur swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel
 or pay an extra price.
 I&gt;- KUGGLES.
 i Northampton, March 1848.
 I N.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from th&lt;
 east, west, or south, can take tlie cars of the Coon
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wil
 always be in readiness at the Northampton der&gt;ot t&lt;
 i convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained hy the activity of tls
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 mg off in silence from the cuticular surface, so tha
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer o
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicate
 the presence of positive electricity. This surpjusagi
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 [leasable to the healthful condition of the wholi
 animal economy, and that wlien, from any cause, ii
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College o
 isSrgia, at tlie opening of its annual session, Nov
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor o
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Phyaica
 science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 ATHOL WATER CURE.
 T’HE Subscriber begs leave to call the attentioi
 1 of Invalids, especially those suffering fron
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment u
 Athol, Mass.
 ilia house was opened lor the reception of patfenu
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent fiicili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 patsy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 P url t 1 J been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled. The location is quite eligible, being bui
 a short distance from the V. k M railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha.
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Bo that
 with die water, suitable regimen, mountains ir, awl
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful rtiulti for which they labor*
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mr*.
 8., wife of Dea. B-, of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to roe last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in aa erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, site made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross thr
 other. Mhe had been in ibis condition nearly a
 Ik- iiuumsl u.ua iota ot
 and was continued to the 2Sth Oct. only, when *be
 left, so for recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Brace her return to her family, „he
 ha* continued her baths, with corresponding (H i
 pruvement U&gt; her health. Hhe now attend* to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of n small
 girl, does the work of ker family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blanket., one pair of sheer*,
 half a dons towels astisd, wuh uhi lines kn
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to fen dnMan per week, aerecd
 injl lo the aeeeantUm or rheme mi the patient*
 Those who are Ism pwimtlar in Ihr whs tioa ut
 rooms, or are witting la uerupy them m common
 with ethers, will he thsrgwl tern.
 Athol. March. IMR USoHGt l«»%T
WAMMIftUTOft* Immiw IK.
 Mam Ammi lUfe«f« ItainlwS
POVERTY;
 i ITS UiLCGAL CAI'SES AND i
 (I'RE. A L
 *Y L¥B KSUVH SPOONr«.
 The Albany Patriot rail* it—&gt;• A ne,..
 M* W— »r,
 “Whether all Uie anticipation* of y,
 would he realised by the full adoption «»f hi. r
 we do not here stop to enquire; but h# 4rr
 mend hi* emlenVor to the notire of ,|j w h«i t.!?*'
 transparent finrrible diction—intrepid irhieje .4,.**
 original th&lt;Mii{ht —and entire freedom fr,,„
 ill pert orpartv. Asa jurfiewiJ writer, he hut
 1 a ctfpwi. far hercid may one a h.
 base a»et otir eve in a long time.”
 Hunt’* Merrlani’s Magazine mvi— J.‘
 10 bold ami original thought*. The ille^ a M
 poverty are ,ui«), ami minder of impnttam nr
 sit ton* hearing on the 'object hid Ho«n,
 whole, »e consider it a work well «.&gt;nh
 affording a* it iioes many valuable hint# to the
 roan ami political economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette sav*—“ An able ami c#^
 11 original work, from the pen of I. sunder 5.../
 fistj.—author of tliat powerful liook which
 -trale.i tlie unenmuitut tonality of Amerirai. s. Xrtr
 There i# mi w riter of the age, of logical arune, r _'
 •searching than Spooner.,’ This new work 1.
 fined to tend to a rc&lt;examination of ill former
 terns of political economyAt first bin-h fo*’*-*.
 nomiral proposition* strike us a* nusfasnal.a— srk
 they are #O, his work will prevail, ami priduee in
 important revolution in the present prevailing
 tern.
 “Even one should read it.”
 BELA M.ARSII, Pt.Wi.Uer, Boston
 Part l. Price 2a Cents.
 Ilart s egHahle Hxiraci
 Is tiie only remedy that .an t*. vidMl f., t th#
 permanent cured Spasmodic Contraction., rmj
 tion of the Nerves, Nervous or Sick llutdarhe
 Nervous Tremors, Neuralgic Atieetmio, (iener.i
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous and Plnsital
 gy, and all Nervous Distirtlers, me It si mg ihs
 dreadful of all diseases that affect the human no—
 Ejnlrjoty, or Railing Sukers*. —l lyslerical
 Convulsions, Spasm*. Ac It is well known, tin t
 from time immemorial, Physicians have pronoun,-#,)
 Epileptic Fits incurable. It has baffled all tbe
 skill, and the laiasted power of all medicine,
 consequently thonsamls have suffered through .i mo
 erablc existence, and at last yielded tip their in,,, an
 the Altar of Inxanuy. —The 'proprietor of th# Vm*t
 able Extract, however, feels tuttlelic icy in
 that it can lie cured. He would, tlierefore, respect
 fully invite physicians, and all others wlm are j nt(
 ested, to examine the testimony which is hen- offeied
 If it is deception, let it he exposed hut if
 true, then in tlie name of hmnanitv, n&lt;&gt; longer let i(
 I Ite said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Extract .—E,, r &gt;vars
 has been tested by many persons «fa, have suffered'
 with this dreadful dissase, ami ,v m 3.#
 it has had a fair trial, has etWted a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Y onkers, New York, state* that
 his daughter has been afflicted w ith Pa. t,, r nior
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use .»t
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Airs. J. Bradey, 11&lt;Y Orchard street, New York,
 states that she lias been subject to Fits for mam
 j years, and has been restored to jierfect health (after
 every other means I tad failed) by the use of die
 t Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell r&lt;&gt;,
 I Alabtuna, who* is one of the liest Physicians ,m tit*
 State, says that he has been much benefitted by tlie
 use ot the Vegetable Extract, and that he unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under his know ledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 j at Lime Mills, Crawford Co., Pa., now- living m
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many years jia.,t he
 has Iteen sorely afflicted with Fits, and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of Dr. Hart's
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that yyorst of all disease*.
 Judge Randall, N. 15t&gt; Henry street, New Y ork,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends tt to all (rersons who
 are afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and Twenty-Sixth street, Nerv York, states that
 Mr. Chas, H. Houghton, a member of his family has
 j been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fils for
 j many years, that 1m- was obliged to relinquish lu*
 business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he Was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the Stale ol
 j Ohio to resume It in business.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Cluircn,
 S|K»tatvood. New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 w ith Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, state*
 that he has used l)r. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health has lieeii so riiueti improved that lie lio(*m
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Rjnlrpt ic Ritx. —For twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use ot this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 I Read the following remarkable ease of tlie son ot
 Wm. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six month*
 After travelling through England, Scotland, tier
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, reiurt#&gt;d
 with his son to tins country in November last., with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart's Vegetable Ejctract. —l have spent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine anti medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I first visited England,
 1 consulted tlie most eminent physicians there in
 respect to his case; they examined him and prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained tlie re three months
 without perceiving any change for die Mur, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
 eted try the physicians, and he uin-t that 1 received
 was their opinion that toy son case mis hopeless,
 and POSITIVELY IN'Ol RAItI.F. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, liermany
 and France, and returned home in tlie month &lt;d
 j November last, with my son as far from U ingrured
 j as when I left, I sarv yoiu* advertisement in one &lt;&gt;t
 the New Y r ork papers, and concluded to tiv Hart s
 i Vegetable Extract, seeing your ‘Utnnenty amt
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty wl
 thirty years standing, and I can assure von I am wa
 sorry 1 did so, as by the use of Hart'- 1 **g ‘CiOis
 Extract alone lie uarestored to I’FKrYA l
 HEALTH. His reason, wliii h was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with tl*
 prosjiect now lie fore him ol hie, health and uretul
 ness. He is now 2W y*-ais ol age, and -7 year* b
 months of tliis lime "has Iteeu afflicted with lhi»
 most dreadful of diseases, Isit thank is now
 enjoying gissl liealtli.
 Now, sir, faith without woiks I don’t le'.evs
 in. To say I shall I** ever grateful to you u one
 thing, and as 1 here enclose you one hundred dollars,
 1 have no doubt but you w ill think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept this amount i.nlaxeyf
 on the delit in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM fJEFURE
 TESTIMONY I PON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to tlie almost miraculous efficacy ol
 this truly wonderful medicine, rear! ll* l fdlowing
 letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, ot fiuillbnl, Oliic,
 oin* of tlie most eminent physician* in that place
 (jiuillord, Ohio, August 17, IH-fr-
 Brotlier lalx/rer in tlie cause ot humanity—l*e#r
 I sir: It is with no small degree ol pleasure tiisi
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triumpl'
 of your iiivalualde incilicine in caves &lt;&gt;i Epilepsy
 have prescribed it in four instance# in tins vicnmy,
 and it Inis l«n highly successful alt. 1
 the patients, 1 trust, have been radifam 1
 i The fourth one is rapidly miisrovittg,-ow
 j think w illioul doubr recover. I axu “&lt;A w ,f ie *a 1
 of prescribing or recommentling patent ineatunc.*,
 lait wliefi 1 see an article which promise* to 1
 j for tlie relief of sufietiug humanity, l Vee&gt; my u -f
 to recomineroi it, and 1 have no Ite-uatoft n k
 mg drat as soon as the tacuity are tuiiy acqaa.uiea
 I with the real merit ot yout .nedicin*, they
 i clone their eye* against prejudice at#d lend you
 1 iielping hand.
 -iXacribe my self your#, sincerely,
 I [55.--dJ ML- MONkUE.II D
 To 1 Dr- Hurt, New York.
 THE TIME IS NOT FAR DISTANT
 When thousands who are now trembling rosier
 the hand of this dreadful disease, and fear mg is* l
 every attack may prove fatal, will find p»*m
 relief and Is* restored to new life, by using t h
 celebrated medicine.
 OVER ONE THOUSAND tERTIEIFATL’*
 Have b#i*n received in testiaaony of the Ben*mat
 result produced by the use ot Dr. Ilart Aegeta
 ble Extract.
 00* Prepami liy S H ART, M ll New Y *k.
 Price, one package f 3
 Do four parkafe* IU
 lln eieht oackaa*-* 2li tW
 9T It t* 1 afwtuilv Ue*t up i&gt;» i‘»
 purtalKtu, and semi to any uart ol tin- I aw
 Stale* Texas, MrsKti, and Yvr*t Lulu*
 TIH»M AH k Mll-H, IHH *oret
 cinaati, Ohio, Oeneral Agent* t&gt;a lis- s ,4rJ
 Slate*, t*» whom all routUMiiii* alsai- k
 I'jltt
 A B h D Saada C'unar **l Fwltoa a*«l ».a»
 New Y«tk.
 11. |l M air, Main Is St |*a«."* K*«fte-
 E. Holt wife gl7 Main Hirer I Kullsb,
 II ll E (saykad. Ay 1 b*t kvrtand
 Fay h KiNl.aM.ie. I
 J O At 11. Hill, I Hit* at, Mufuga.
 Wm. I uUMtanham. Mdiwaaka Mi*
 J R Read. tttH v ,&lt;W T Iff
 Ihrt T mmm l&gt;uhm*u» U«
 H Hkuksht. I «a*»* M
 And for Sale In am*t *d the pro** l '*^***tfo
 thHHttafoaU ths “*‘e*l State*
 IH* »lI4S At Mil I s ltat Mam
 If *«N^
"
