"N oticcs.
 Toir H&gt;M.
 Frederick Douglass and Charles Uknox
 Remond will visit Detroit. Mich., on Wed
 nesday, 4th Julv. and will hold three oißet
 ,ug» in that city. Wednesday. Thursday, and
 Friday. *th, sth. and 6th
 Tht*» will spend Sunday and Monday. **th
 and Oth July, at Battli Creek, Mich.
 They will l&gt;** tn inci«o. 111., &lt;mi Tnurs
 day, Friday', Saturday, and Sunday 12th,
 13th, 14th, and 15th, and will hold meetings
 nn each evening
 They will he in Sandusky City. Ohio, on
 Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, th»* 16th,
 20th, aud 2Dt July.
 They will l*e at Green Plain, Ohs*. Sun
 day, 22d July
 They will Ik* in Con. M sus on the 251 h
 July and will reach tCincinnati on the ‘27th
 July, and will remain there till after the first
 of August.
 The friends of freedom in all ot these
 places are earnestly requested to make the
 necessity arrangements for meetings. —i. n.
 Finn the Dundee (Scut.) Courier.
 Slavery in America.
 It is of importance occasionally to test the
 sincerity of professions, whether in nations or
 individuals, and to sec how far their princi
 ples and their piactice agree. This is particu
 larly necessary hi the case of those who lay
 cl,aim to pre-eminent purity, and win* look
 down with complacent coinmisseratioti upon
 the professoffc of an humbler creed. W hen
 a nation throws wIF the tuie ot an ancient
 Monarchy, and adopts the mote popular form
 of Government represented by a Republic, it
 is not unreasonable to exjiect that the great
 principles of liberty and equality, on which
 all Republics profess to Ik; based, should re
 ceive some practical effect. When that poi
 tion of America which constitutes the United
 States was incorjKirated into one great Re
 public, the avowed principle o! its political
 constitution was—that all men are entitled to
 equal political rights, and that the Govern
 ment should l&gt;e established by the voice of the
 people, as expressed by universal sufltage.
 Without inquiring at present, whether this
 form of Government has been conducive either
 to the greatness or the prosperity of those
 who embraced it, we shall confine ourselves
 to the simple question—how far the princi
 ples of the Union correspond with its prac
 tice m the matter of slavery 7 There is a
 general feeling in this country that the reports
 which reach us as to the extent and severity
 of the servitude which obtains in Amencaare
 greatly exaggerated and over-colored and,
 in fact, there are many who disbelieve in tiie
 existence of slavery within the United States
 at all. It seems such a monstrous contradic
 tion that slavery should be tolerated by a peo
 ple who pride themselves upon the superior
 freedom of their institutions, that many are
 led to look upon the accounts which they re
 ceive of its existence as mere fabrications, and
 only brought lor ward for the purpose of dam
 aging the Republican cause. When this
 subject was brought prominently before the
 public some years ago. in reference to the
 money obtained by the Free Church from
 slaveholding congregations in America, many
 ot those who took upon them to defend the
 conduct of the receiving party, not only de
 nied the existence of slavery to the extent
 that was alleged, but proceeded to palliate the
 system itself as not inconsistent with Christi
 anity. hatever effect their representations
 made upon the public, they seemed at least to
 satisfy their own adherents, for the subject
 was allowed to sleep, and the demand for res
 titution of the money was obstinately and
 successfully resisted. When some of the
 anti-slavery party in America came to this
 country to represent the wrongs of the slave,
 and the injury which had been done to the
 cause ol emancipation by the countenance
 given to slaveholders by the Free Church
 deputations—their statements were contradic
 ted, and the men themselves represented as
 unworthy of credit. At that time we had
 occasion to consider the subject, and to direct
 public attention, not only to the inconsistency
 of those who professed to belong to a tree
 Slate tolerating the existence of slavery in all
 its hideous deformity, but to the further in
 consistency of those who professed to have
 erected a Free Church in this country hold
 ing ministerial communion with avowed abet
 tors of slavery in another. The correspon
 dence which ensued betwixt the Free Church
 and thetr slave holding brethren beyond the
 Atlantic, ended as we had anticipated -in
 sinoke; the one party letaining their opin
 ions, and the oilier party retaining the money.
 In this way the “slave-stone," as it was aptly
 described by one of the leaders of the Free
 Church, had been allowed to remain in tin
 building, ami the cause of slavery in America
 has been thereby greatly strengthened.
 We have been led into these remarks bv
 the circumstance of a New Orleans news
 paper called the Jhuly Picayune having re
 cently come into our hands, in which there
 are some things calculated forcibly to remind
 us of the existence of slavery in all its re
 volting reality. The paper is dated 27th
 Match last, and from the number of its ad
 vertistuenls lias evidently an extensive circu
 lation. One department of the adveitisments
 is devoted to the announcements of Rewards
 offered; and first hi older as if to indicate the
 telative importance attached to brutes and hu
 man beings in that free country, then* is a
 teward of five dollars offered for a dog lost,
 which is described as “a small black New
 foundland Slut, Rose.’’ After the dog there
 follow’ no lewer than five advertisments (m
 one number of a daily offering rewards
 of various amounts for me recovery of run
 away slaves; and in order to enable our lea
 ders to judge of’the actual nature and opera
 tion of the accursed system, we shall present
 them with one or two extracts. The first
 nos m these terms —“Twenty Dollars Re
 ward.—Run away from the Subscriber on the
 21»t instant, the black girl Martha, slightly
 marked with the small pox. lias a scar on
 her forehead; is about 11 years of age." The
 next offers the same reward for a runaway
 slave, who is desorbed as Ugly Bob, aged
 about twenty-two years, 5 feel 6 1-2 inches
 high, has a scar from the left corner of his
 mouth to the cheek, leans on one side when
 walking. His plate is number 32*27. The
 ai»ove reward will be paid for the delivery of
 mm in any of the city gaols," &amp;c. The
 next la a reward ol fitly dollars lor a runaway
 lave, who is described as “the mulatto lx»v
 Frank, belonging u*Madame Evenste Petrel,
 about 25 to 26 years of age, five feet ten or
 11 inches high, stout built and bandy-legged
 hat thick woolly hair;’’ and our readers wili
 mark what follows in the description ‘has
 received a blow neat one of Ins eves from* a
 -•lick, and his eve is now swollen"" Another
 ad vemament refers to “the Mulatto boyt'HvR
 LKY, about 19 years of age," and who is de
 scribed as having “had irons on his legs."
 The last offers a reward of ten dollars for the
 apprehension and delivery of the mulatto boy
 Burke, aged about 14 years, and who is de
 scribed as having two bald place* on his head
 caused by a bum(more likely by a blow al Bu
 a acar on his forehead." From these speci
 toena, taken from one publication of a daily
 newspaper, our readers will be able to foun
 a tolerably correct idea ol ihe system which
 prevails m that boasted land oi liberty. It
 i« no wonder that there should be runa
 way slaves, or that there should be the num
 ber ol five, for whom rewards are offered in
 one day. While there is only oue dog lost,
 (liars are five human beings who have lied; and
 had ihe treatment given to the latter been
 no worse than what waa given to the former,
 we may reasonably infer that the disproportion
 ol those amissing bstwixt the two classes
 would have been lest The dog w hich gsta
 pre-eminence in point of pofhiori id favorsbly
disunguwhctf from the unfortunate beings who]
 follow* in *l»»*—ibat while they are described!
 by seal* and hruiaes. bandy-bp* and swollen)
 eye*, and the marks of iron on the leg —the
 more fortunate animal has no such evidence
 •f cruelty to establish his identity Of course
 the poor slave* bad been the subtec’s of bornd
 rat treasnent, as their lacerated bodies beto
 ken, and had fled to escape from the intoler
 able miaerv of their condition.
 And r it really,possible that human being*
 the workmanship of God—having the same
 origin and the game destination with ourselves
 who are susceptible of ail the feelings and
 emotions —the joys and sorrows of humanity,
 and who have soul* to be saved,—are thus
 treated in a manner more cine! and degrading
 than the brutes that perish 7 And this 100
 under what professes to be the most popular
 form of Government know n among mankind,
 m a country which boasts of it# superior free
 dom.—which talks of universal suffrage—and
 which affecte to regard the subjects of our less
 popular institutions as living in a state of so
 cial and political thraldom. It is useful tu
 exhibit such pictures of the realities of a re-!
 public, and the intelligent people of thiscoun-S
 try would do well to read, learn, and digest
 the lessons which they convev. With lessi
 political professions and humbler popular pre
 tension*. a far larger measure of real and sub-j
 stantial liberty. No man can breathe the air
 of Britain's dependencies and lie a slave. Our:
 soil is sacred to the cause of freedom, and no
 power on earth, we believe, could induce us*
 to part with this proud distinction. We spent
 twenty millions of money cheerfullv and w ith
 out a grudge, in order to purchase perpetualj
 emancipation for the last of tlmse who lived
 in a state of servitude. But even with us
 slavery was a different thing from what it is
 in America. Such treatment as is daily prac-
 tised there would not have been tolerated iuj
 anvofour Colonies, where it was the com
 mon potst that slaves were treated with a de
 gree of kindness w hich made tlieir condituii’
 [superior to that of many ot our native popu
 lation. The cruelties perpetrated and per
 mitted in the United States of America are aj
 disgrace to any country, and until that loul
 I stain shall be wiped off. all her professions of
 political purity and political equality will be
 regarded by the common sense ot mankind
 as a mere mockery and deception. How,
 strikingly are we reminded by these things of,
 the immortal poet's w ords.—
 “O, freedom? tir-i delight of human kind,
 i .Not that which Iton isnien from their masters find”
 Henry Clay.
 i To the Editor:
 My Dear Sir —llenry Clay’s letter to
 Richard Pindell, Esq., richly deserves, I think
 to be bottled in spirits, and exhibited as a cu
 rious specimen of pro-slavery morality,—as
 a counterfeit for philanthropy, —to call it by
 no harsher name. The coolness with'which
 the writer proposes 10 banish the negroes of
 Kentucky, ofa future generation, at their own
 expense;—the wise provision that he makes,
 that he himself, and those of his own genera
 tion, shall sustain no loss, or even inconve
 nience. but that the sinners of the next gen
 eration only shall suffer, and that the greater
 i proportion of the penalty, even in their case,
 shall be borne by those against whom they
 i have sinned:—the tenderness with which he
 Ideals with the prejudices of those ‘respectable
 j persons who believe that slavery is a blessing,
 I that ihe institution ought 10 exist in every
 1 well-organized society, and that it is even fa
 vorable to the preservation of liberty;'—the
 modest reluctance, which he manifests, to
 force his ideas of right and wrong on the un
 prepared minds of the Kentuckians; —the mag
 nanimity with which he professes his willing
 ness to fall hack on the approbation of con
 science, should they reject his disinterested
 advice; —and, finally, the beautiful consisten
 cy which appears between his admission—
 that our duty to God requires us ‘not to subju
 gate, or deal unjustly by our fellow-men, who
 [are less blessed than we are, hut to instruct,
 Ito improve, and to enlighten them;’ and his
 i proposed proviso, that ‘until the commence
 ment of his system,’ that is, not improbably,
 j during the whole life of himself and Ins con
 temporaries, ‘all the legal rights of the pro
 j prietors of slaves, in t -nt, ought
 to remain uniinpai,. ...^uicted;’
 these various beauties of tins remarkable doc-
 I ument seem to me to render it worthy of a
 place in the anatomical museum of the human
 heart, —in that department of it which is re
 served for its monstrosities,
 t 1 remain, mv dear sir, faithfully yours,
 JOSEPH HUTTON.
The People of Color in Ohio Speaking
 Out. —'The Bugle publishes a long series of,
 resolutions adopted at a Mass Meeting of the 1
 colored people of Columbiana County, held on
 the 13th inst., from which we condense the
 following They resolve Ist, that it is their
 duty to organize themselves for the promotion i
 ol the cause of temperance, and the liberation
 of their brethren in bondage; 2, that all in
 toxicating liquors as a beverage, are hurtful
 to man, and tend to injure health, destroy the
 mind and demoralize and corrupt Ins nature 1
 3, that whoever will not assist to save the in
 temperate and relieve the slave is no philan
 thropist: 4, that “they unhesitatingly, and
 with feelings of the indignation, te-!
 pudiate any and every scheme of Colonization,
 either at home or abroad 5, that they hail
 with enthusiasm the repeal of a part of the
 Ohio Black Laws, and look upon it as the
 omen of a better day 6 that they have some
 thing to do with Slavery in the Southern
 slates: 7, that the bondman's final triumph
 rests upon the speedy dissolution of the Ame
 rican Union, and the destruction of the pro-
 churches; 8, that they believe all
 wars contrary to the spirit of Christianity and
 endorse the lofty sentiment of Daniel O’Con
 neil, that “No reformation is worthy the shed
 ding of one drop of human blood 9, that no
 I consistent Christian can vote or take office
 j under the U. S. Constitution: 10, t hat they
 clieri&gt;h with enthusiasm the sentiment of Jet-
 Sferson, that “resistance to tyrants is duty to
 'God li, that they have no interest in the
 perpetuation of this or any other government
 1 winch sanctions the trading in the bodies and
 souls of men 12, that they recommend to the
 icolored people of the nation to withhold thei
 support fiom pro-sravery chuiches, and give
 it to those which are anti-slavery.
 The frank and manly tone of these resolu
 tions indicates that these long injured men be
 gin to feel their manhood. It is a bright pro
 mise for theii future progress and elevation.—
 Pa. Freeman.
From Ute Maycville Eagle, ofth' 230.
 Particulars of the C. M. Clay Difficulty.
 W e exjK-cted to receive in the Richmond
 Chronicle a full account of the fatal ren
 contre between Cassius M. Clav and Cyrus
 Turner, m Madison county, on Friday of last
 week. The Chronicle, however, gives none
 ol the particulars, but merely mentions the
 affair, and adds, “Thit Mr Turner died on
 Sunday morning last, living about thirty hours
 after receiving the wound. Capt Clay is still
 in a critical condition, but the better opinion
 sea ns to be that he will recover.”
 W e learn the following fiom a gentleman
 w 10 was on the ground; There are three pro
 Slavery candidates for the Convention from
 Madison Messrs. Willis and Chenauit, and
 Maj. squire Turner, (father of Cyrus Turner)
 and but one emancipation candidate. May.
 Burnham. At a regimental muster at Wal
 den’s, on 1 nursday of last week, the candi
 dates sjKike, W tills and Chenauit ieadiug.
 Maj. Turner followed—( although be had
 promised asaius M. Clay the stand before
 him) alleging that Clay wu not a candi
 date and the crowd was fast dispersing—and
 made a long speech. City then took the
 stand, and bore more heavily tn his remaiki
 upon I umer than upon either of the other
 candidates, and it was now evident for the
 hrtt time there was some unpleasant feeling
 between them b
 On the next day, Friday, another discussion
 took place at a regimented muiur at Fox
 town —Willis spoke first Turner n**i
 Whan Turner had spoken about an
Cl*v appealed lo him to give Ma-or Burnham j
 an opportunity of defending the Eroancipa-j
 Uomsts and their views, but Turner refitted
 and Hpoke half an hour longei, in a severe
 rtrain, during which be read from the TrueJ
 American New spaper a portion of ihe ai tide I
 that caused the Lexington mob and the re-1
 moral of the True Amencan to Cincinnati
 Clay now appealed to the people 10 say whe
 ther it wa* fair that tin* article should be read,
 unless accompanied by the statement so often
 mad** by Major Turner. u.at the article in
 question was written by t Soulh Carolina,
 planter, (aa many of hia friends btiiered. for
 the express purpose of breaking down hia
 press) and sent to his office and printed while
 he was sick of the typhoid fever—The a rticie,
 he said, ww repulsive to his feelings and views 1
 as they were to Mr. Turner's of any other;
 man's—and if he had not been confined to a
 bed of sickness it should never hare appeared
 tn his paper. Mr. Wm. L. Neale, the printer
 of the True American, was on the ground and
 would confirm the sratement.
 Maj- Turner continued his speech, after this
 interruption, and when he concluded, C. M.
 Clay took Qe stand for tlie purpose of making
 a kind of apology to the people for the inter
 uj;t.on he had caused. He again stated that
 thought each party were entitled to be
 beard, and that each should be allowed a fair
 division of the titoe. That the friends ol
 right and justice by such a course had nothing
 to lose; for if the Emancipationists held in
 cendiary notions, and advocated principles op
 jiosed to ihe best interests of the country,
 the people would judge of them correctly,
 and put them down, w hile if principles were 1
 founded in right and justice, it was certainly
 not wrong that they should be known in older
 that they may be’upiield and supported.
 After making this explanation, which did
 not occupy more than two minutes, he was
 leaving the stand, when Mr. Runyon, a law
 yer of Richmond, at coniderable distance off, 1
 plied him with questions, and Clay, with the
 consent ofChenault. who claimed the stump,’
 endeavored to answer hitn. r?ome misunder
 standing occurred in telerence to the disposi
 tion made of the School Fund, in which
 Runyon pronounced a statement made by Clay
 false and untrue. Clay referred to an act of
 ihe Legislature in proof of his assertion, and
 finally told Runyon, who interrupted him be
 fore, that he was a mere tool of Turner, and
 was obeying his master. Clay descended
 from the stand in perfect good humor, and
 without expeciing a difficulty with any one,
 when Maj. Turner remarked that ‘‘Runyon
 was not his tuol.’’
 Clay replied that whether Turner knew it
 or not, he was evidently his willing tool.
 Upon this Cyrus Turner, the son of the can
 didate,stepped up tu (’lav,and pronounced his
 statement a d—d one, and struck him in the
 face. Clay was soon stabbed by some one be
 hind him, beat over the head with a stick by
 Alfred Turner, and jierhaps others, and a re
 volving pistol was snapped four times at his
 head, bursting a cap each time, by Thomas
 Turner, lie did not draw his knife, nor shake
 oil’the hold of those who were clinging to him
 until he perceived the b ood spouting forth
 from his side, and believed lrom the wound
 that he must die. With super-human effort
 he shook of those that held him, encountered
 Cyrus Turner, and stabbed him. The wound
 took effect in the lower part of his abdomen,
 resulting in his death in 34 hours.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JUYL 6, 1849
Clifton House, Niagara, Canada J
 West, June 30th.
 1 shall have, for the next four weeks, to fill*
 my editorial columns with incidents and im
 pressions connected with my Western tour;
 and whjle on some accounts i regret it, I hope I
 to be able lo furnish matter of interest, which 1
 may plead an excuse for my absence. 1 sel-1
 dom move in any direction that I do not
 awaken some feeling or call forth some dem
 onstration, illustrating the bitter spirit of caste!
 and slavery, as it prevails in this country, lj
 had not reached the “Cataract,’’ steamer be
 fore 1 was insulted by the ruffian, that
 keeps the groggery at the steamboat wharf.
 On a person so low and vulgar 1 have no in
 dignation to expend. He merely reflected (in
 a gross manner to be sure) the senseless and
 wicked spirit of hatred universal in oui land.
 The circumstances of this assault 1 may possi
 bly explain at another time. 1 turn from,
 them now lo speak of things more pleasant, i
 The trip from Rochester to Lewiston, barring
 the weather (it was rainy) was in every res
 pect agreeable. The captain ami passengers
 conducted themselves with politeness and'
 kindness towards me, showing me every at
 tention tfiat they paid to others, and thus’
 evincing their freedom from the pitiful and'
 persecuting spirit by which I am frequently!
 haunted while in the use ol public convey-!
 anees.
 On reaching Niagara yesterday morning,
 and well knowing the proscriptive rules of;
 Hotels on the American side of the river, I ml
 company with a party of friends, came im-j
 mediately to the Canada side of the river. On'
 reaching this shore, and being once again!
 under the British flag w here a man is not es-j
 teemed according to his complexion, we aIL
 j felt like giving three cheers for Queen Vic- 1
 totia. It is astonishing that people living:
 w ithin a stone’s thiow of each oilier, should;
 be so opposite in their tastes, feelings, and 1
 principles. On the American side, where!
 liberty is the c«xistant theme of boastful dis- j
 j course w here every coin from the cent to the
 i eagle, is superscribed with “Liberty;” and
 j where tiie oppressions of other nations are
 made the topics of conversation and reproach,!
 a colored man, no matter how genteel in ap
 pearance, how exalted in character, how
 supenor in intelligence he may be, is refused
 admittance into hotels and made the subject of
 insult and abuse while on the Canada side,
 where no such boastful pretensions are made,
 we witness an entire freedom from this pro
 sciiptive and vulgar prejudice. The hotel
 where we now are is the most jmpular
 place of resort among fashionable people on
 this side the Falls. On making application
 for accomodation, 1 was received with that
 hearty good will, to whish I am a strangeT in
 j the United States. There is no distinction
 here on account of color. The same parlor
 and the same table occupied by while persons,
 aie free to us and the host, for aught
 that I could see. was as attentive to our wants,
 and appeared as anxious for our happiness, as
 for that of any other persons under his roof.
 I think my hatred of Amencan slavery has
 been unged with a deeper hue by witnessing
 this striking contrast. Were it not cowardly,
 and perhaps selfish, 1 could wish to leave the
 United States, ai d become a resident in Can
 ada. Lord Morpeth said, when here, that
 next tb the beautiful leap of the waters of the
 Niagara, was that made across the river, by
 the fugitive from Amencan bondage, to Cana
 dian freedom. I would respectfully commend
 the manner of our reception here to the con
 sideration ol that part of the press of the
 United States, that allows no opportu
nity to escape, of pouring contempt .nd vul
 gar abuse upon colored people and I would
 ask them if the prejdßw which they claim
 to be natural, be anything more than an uo
 worthy and wicked hatred, springing legiti
 mately from the existence of slavery in their
 midst, and not from the hand of God How,
 is it that ihe people within so short a distance j
 from themselves, and of the same complexion
 with themselves, should be enltrtfy free from
 s feeiir.g almost universal in the United
 Slates’ fjet the Americans explain this be* i
 fore they claim that their feelings are either j
 just or rational.
 Our party greatly enjov their visit to the
 Falls. We have had beautiful weather and j
 have seen them under the most favorable cir
 cumstances. To say that language is made-!
 quite to describe them, is to utter what the
 most gifted in words must feel on beholding'
 this stupendous display ol beauty and gran-;
 deur. I never fell more my want of power
 to expresss the citations of my soul than*
 while witnessing tnis magnificent scene. We
 went vesterdav morning, soon after our arri
 val, tirtt to see the whirlpool, which no one
 visiting the Falls should fail to see. The
 great river here makes a short curve, and ihe
 water, coming wnh great force, over huge,
 rocks, against the curve, forms a mightv!
 whirlpool—a sort ol repository for all the
 flooc-wood that is drifted over the Falls.
 Huge pieces of timber seem perfectly en-:
 thralled by it. and perform an unceasing round
 in its truubled waters —rising and sinking at
 the will 01-the whirling waves. On looking
 upon it I was impressed with the justness ol 1
 the remark of Lord Byron, with reganl to the.
 Falls of Velino—which, up to this time, lj
 had thought strained and extravagant, fie:
 addressed them a 3 the hell of wateis that
 howl, and hiss, and boil in endless torture;
 while the sweat of their great agonv, rung
 out from this,
 Their Phlegeihoit, curls round die rocks of jet,
 That gird the gulf aroint], in pitiless horror set.”
 It i 3 difficult to conceive a waterv abyss
 more terrible.
 M e viewed the great Falls from various
 points, on either side. From the balcony of
 the Clifton House, though a considerable dis
 tance from the Falls, we get the most com
 prehensive view—being nearly opposite the
 American Falls, and fronting, at the same
 time, the falls on the Canada side.
 Ihe boldest and grandest point from which
 to view the Horse Shoe Fall, comprising ihe
 vast rapids, is Table Rock. From this point
 we see the embattled waters, with furious:
 speed, rushing onward to their fearful leap*
 into the howling abyss—which is made all
 i mysterious by ever rising clouds of spray.
 A beautiful view of the American Fall is
 obtained near the base of the railway leading
 to the Ferry. Massive rocks, which seem to
 have been whirled from the summit, form an
 j excellent standing point, and enable the spec
 tator to realize the immense depth of their de
 scent. We spent most of the afternoon in
 1 viewing the rapids on the American side, he-1
 tween the main road and Goat Island. It is,
 impossible that the eye can w*eary in looking i
 upon these rapids; they possess a charm which
 it is difficult to break. On leaving them we;
 find ourselves turning, again and again, toj
 j 'few and contemplate them. The bridge, ex- j
 tending to Goat Island, is, perhaps, the best
 1 point of view.
 There is one great annoyance to which vis
 itors here are subjected, and which greatly
 detracts from the pleasure otherwise to be:
 enjoyed. A literal swarm of guides besets
 you every where. You have scarcely fixed
 your eye upon a point of interest before you
 are besieged by extravagant stories about
 some other object, and importuned to leave it.
 These persons live by fleecing travelers. Our
 advice is, Pay no attention to guides. You
 will easily find, for yourselves, the various
 points of interest.
 Wishing to see and feel all that is to be
 seen and felt, I have hut littie time, and must
 now close, and he off on another excursion
 F. D.
The Impartial Citizen.
 A triertd has handed us a copy of this
 remarkably uncandid shpet. it is edited by
 Kev. Samuel R. W ard, and professes to be
 an impartial sheet—in fact as well as profes-;
 sion, but singularly belies its name, by pub
 lishing uncandid and one-sided statements.—
 In the number before us, we observe that the
 Rev. gentleman has come to the aid of his!
 cousin, Henry Highland Garnet, whose impu
 dent letter to us we published at length in the!
 North Star two weeks since.
 Mr. Ward has copied that letter entire, but
 carefully excludes nearly every word of our
 reply, and yet talks to the reader of comparing
 the one with the other. Ir not an impar
 tial man 1 Who will deny him his favorite
 appellation after this 1 Mr. Ward persists in
 his uncandid statement of our views on the
 scheme of giving Bibles to the slave, and in.
 •ists that we are opposed to giving the slave
 the Bible, thus making our opposition to a
 weak and ineffectual scheme opposition to the
 Bible. “To wilfully suppress the truth, is to
 tell a he. Ward knows, if he knows any
 thing about our views, that his statement of
 them is a gross perversion.
Maine.—The Message of Governor liana
 was rather roughly handled in the Legislature
 of Maine, by his political friends, so tar as his
 non-committal policy upon the question of
 Slavery in the terrttoiies was concerned. In
 the Senate, on Friday, Mr. Hobbs of Oxford,
 from a committee to which the Menage had
 been referred, reported the following resolves'
 in relation to the introduction and exten
 sion of Slavery in acquired territo
 ries
 Resoled, That w e hereby declare for our
 selves and in behalf of the people of this State.
 o«ir uncompromising opposition to the exten
 sion of Slavery into any territory of the United
 Stales u hich is now free.
 Resolved, That in organizing Governments
 for New Mexico and California, the introduc
 tion and existence of Slavery m those territo
 ries should be positively prohibited by act of
 Congress.
 Resolved That our Senators in Congress
 are hereby insuucted, and our Representa
 tives requested to vote against any acts estab
 lishing Governments for said territories, that i
 do not contain an express prohibition of Slav
 ery.
 Resolved That the Governor be requested
 to forward copies of the foregoing resolutions
 to each of our Senators and Representatives
 in Congress. »nd to each of the Governors of
 the severs! States of the Union.
 A large ponton of the Loco-F«&lt;co press of
 Maine takes the ground indicated by tbs reao
 nttotts—S r Y Tribune.
M R. Dklany’s Post-office address will
 htretfteT be Pittsburg, Pa.
More Ak««. -More Mock Repoblic*o
 AfMpotfcr.
 Sorer jj Exchanges gire «bo ariuouneement
 that preparations are being mad*? in New
 Orleans,and elsewhere throughout ibe Stale*,
 for a demonstration of sympathy in the simg-
 gle the Romans are now making for iheir to*l
 dependence. &lt;&gt;n« paper baa the intelligencej
 on this wise
 “The glorious stand which the Romans
 nare made against the assaults of the French
 and Neapolitan *rmie». entitles them to the
 sympathy as wi ll as the admiration of all
 American? That sympathy, we hope will
 tie extended to them in a tangible and appre-j
 ciable form. We are glad to learn that it is
 in contemplation to hold a meeting lor the
 put pose of devising measures t«* supply the!
 Romans with arms, in which their troops are
 very deficient.”
 Now, no reasonable poison could object to!
 the citizens of New Orleans or the citizens ofi
 anywhere else, sympathising with the Rom
 ans, who. doubtless are deservme of sym
 pathy-provided that the actions of the sym
 pathisers did not prove their sympathy to be
 the merest pretence, a mockery and a sham.
 On what principle the slavetiolding American j
 nation can admire and sympathise with the
 efforts of any jieople to übtain their liberty,
 except on the principle of admiring that from
 which we are farthest removed, it is difficult
 to imagine. Do not these pretended friends
 of liberty and admirers of Roman intrepidity,
 know that there is a large portion of their
 own fellow-countrymen, numbering about
 one-sixth of the entire population, whom they
 might much more effectually assist to assert
 their right to liberty, at their own doors Do
 they not know that there are about four mil
 lions of persons m this country subject to an
 amount of injury, insult and oppression, in
 finitely more terrible than that which the
 Romans are endeavoring to shake off They
 well know this. Where is their sympathy
 loi them, and how do they manifest it Now
 and then one of this oppressed class escapes
 from his master—and he a sympathisers ith
 the oppressed, an admirer of the glorious
 stand made by’the Romans” in t defence of their
 rights, may be seen hurrying off in pursuit,
 and hallooing on the dogs to chase and seize
 the fugitive Just think of it! What mock
 eiy can be conceived of more apparent than
 this The nation that is guilty of such in
 consistency and wickedn .'s«, either directly or
 by sufferance, is a nat! u of hypocrites.
 There is no meanness more despicable—no
 pretence more apparent —no sham more shal- j
 low and superficial, than this of talking
 sympathy for the oppressed abroad, while
 there is not a word of sympathy expreased, i
 or a hand of help raised for the doubly-op
 pressed at home. The world will laugh to
 scorn all such pretences. Every one must
 detect at a glance their gross inconsistency
 and hypocrisy. There is only one thing in
 nature to which this expression of American
 sympathy bears a very striking resemblance
 that is the supposition, if such a supposi- i
 tion were possible—that a pack of hungry
 wolves, howling over the bleeding carcase of,
 a victim, should suddenly pretend to sympa
 i thise very deeply with, and send offers of as
 i sistance to another of the same species which
 was being pursued, but had every prospect of;
 j escaping from the impending danger. It is
 a hard simile, but is it not like Pity it is
 that the resemblance is so perfect. The An-’
 glo Americans are the howling w’olves; the
 negro-Americans are the suffering victim.
 The one class are torn, bleeding, biuised and
 perishing, under the merciless fangs of the
 other. There is no cruelty—no injustice—no
 wrong, which the negro does not suffer at the
 hands of his white oppressor. Everv day
 brings intelligence of some new' and unheard-’
 of iniquity enacted upon this much-abused
 race. Shall this always be' Is there no
 mode of deliverance Talk of Constitutional
 guaranties and rights’ What are they*
 j V\ ho cares what they are, when set against
 the inalienable right of every human being to
 liberty and self-possession Talk of the dan
 ger ot emancipation What danger can be
 greater than that ot crushing down, and de
 priving ot their liberty, and dooming to ig
 norance and degradation three—aye, four
 millions ot our fellow-citizens Such gross
 1 violation ot every principle of morality can
 not fail to bring down upon its perpetrators
 some signal and terrible recompense. Well
 might Thomas Jefferson exclaim, in view
 ot this nation's treatment of the down-trod
 den negro—“ I tremble for my country, when
 1 reflect that God is just, and that his ven
 geance will not sleep for ever j. d.
Difficulty at a Town Meeting—-Negro
 no Negro.
 A correspondent in Cass Co., Mich., gives
 an illustration of coloiphobta at a town meet
 ing in Mason, which shows, in rather a ludic
 rous light, the proscriptive customs prevalent
 in this country. It is this: In the town of
 Mason there is a settlement of blacks. Not
 seeing any particular show of justice or rea
 son in the laws which exclude them from vo
 ting, simply on account of color, they took it
 into their heads, when an opportunity occur
 red, to go and ofler their votes. They ex
 pected to be repulsed; and so they were—all
 but one. This one was so nearly white that
 the wise fathers of the town believed him to
 be a pure Anglo-Saxon,! and recorded his
 vote. Here, however, they got into a quan
 dary, for it was bruited abroad that a nigger
 had voted. But w ho w as the nigger There
 happened to be a good many rather dark
 complexioned individuals thereabouts, and
 there was danger that some of the principal
 men of the town might be found to be partial
 ly Afiican. At length the difficult) rested
 between two —the one who was really of ne
 gro origin and another who dawned to be
 white. These two men were ushered with all
 ceremony before the Board, that they might
 undergo a searching examination, and have
 the very important question decided, which of
 them was the tarr.al nigger” thst had pre
 sumed to give his vote, w hen only white folks
 are allowed that privilege. After having sub
 jected the two men to a rather microscopic in
 spection, the spokesman of the Board arrived
 at the very sagacious conclusion that the
 while man was the rugger. “O,” said he,
 I can see it in his eye.” What this Solon
 saw in the white nun's eye, that proved him
 to be a nigger, our informant does not say
 Perhaps no one knew exactly. The science
 of negro-ology is rather indigenous to the sot]
 of these United States. Whit* Americana
 seem to have u as a kind of instinct—just as
 tbe crocodile, as soon as it is hatched in the
 %a«d, finds its way, with all convenient speed,
into the water —having, as natural’s)- inform
 as, an intuitive knowledge that its lather wilt
 eat it if he catches it out. It might lie a c
 rious, and perhaps profitable subject of in
 quiry amongst students of natural history,
 whether it is not something of this sort that
 makes the u-hite American* dread the negro
 He sees “it in his eye;” and this it.”
 w hatever it may be, has the rather unpleasant
 effect, for those who love to vote, of excluding
 them from the ballot-box. More than this,
 however .Some white men seem lo have
 it in thru eves; and the consequence is,
 that it having some mysterious effect up
 on the political artmn of the man who has
 “it” iu his eye, rentiers his vote invalid.
 This does not appear in the evidence on the
 present case, but we are left to infer, that
 if it is found m the man's eye, he cannot
 be allowed to vote. 1 suppose that in cuiise
 quence of the decision of the Board of Ma
 son, the vole of the white man was rejected,
 and that of the nigger” accepted. It,”
 by some unaccountable freak ot' Nature, did
 not happen to hare got into that black man's
 eye and the absence of it" necrssartly
 made him an intelligent and legal voter in the
 town of Mason, Cass Co., Michigan “Oh
 what a tangled web we weave.” when once
 we depart fmm the direct and unvarying
 principle of right tor all."—.i n.
 The Concord Free Press says that the
 Nothr Star has not been seen there for the
 space of six weeks. What the reason of this
 is, I cannot determine. So far as I know, the
 Star has been sent regularly. The post
 office must be in fault.—j. n.
Our Cleveland Exchanges are looking up
 They come to us this week in new t\ pe and
 enlarged dimensions. Their prosperii. is de
 served. The True Democrat look&lt; neat,
 and continues to be conducted with mm it abili
 ty by its gentlemanly editor, John C. Va gh an,
 a Southern man by birth, but, as his course!
 would indicate, a sincere lover of tV-edom.
 The Plaindkalf.r would be neat, were it not
 for the immense scarecrow heading, apparent
 ly a representation of every thing in the uni- 1
 verse and some things not in the universe,
 with which it is ornamented." Let the
 heads of houses beware of this sheet, unless
 they wish their families, on its weekly appa-
 rition amongst them, to be trouble I with
 dreams of spectres and hobgobblins. It is;
 conducted with its accustomed spicencss and j
 vigor, by its able and humorous editor. J. W.
 Gray. These two papers are rathei differ- 1
 ent in character; but they will both, as the
 reviewers have it, repay a perusal.”— j. n.
An Advance in the Church. —The Free
 Synod of Cincinnati, composed of those who
 withdrew from the two Synods of that city,
 on account of their action on the subject of
 slavery, lately held its annual meeting at
 Ripley, Ohio. A series of resolutions relat
 ing to the civil duties of Christians, was
 passed, which affirmed that no candidate lor
 civil office, who is guilty of the crime of
 slaveholding, should receive the suffrages of
 Christian voters. This Synod refuses all
 Christian fellowship with those who hold
 slaves.
Appeal of the Philadelphia Associa
 tion. —This Appeal will be found in another
 column. This Association, as our readers
 are aware, is composed entirely of colored
 persons, and has for its oh|ect the sustenance
 of the North Star in the field of Anti-sla
 very warfare. The existence of such an
 Association has for us a peculiar interest
 not so much because we receive pecuniaiy
 assistance therefrom (though for that also we
 are grateful) as because there are those
 amongst the colored people, who manifest an
 interest in our labors. They are the princi
 pal sufferers by the Ameiican slave-system
 and its twin-brother, prejudice. them
 take a firm and united stand against the com
 mon enemy, and no power in the United
 States or under Heaven, can avail to keep
 from them the possession of their long-lost
 rights. The letter of Observer is to the
 point on this subject. We bespeak tor it a
 careful and candid reading.— j. n.
The Importation of Slaves.— The peo
 ple in Shelby Co., Tenn., held a meeting
 some days since, and passed strong resolu
 tions against the farther introduction of slaves
 into that State from Kentucky. One of the
 resolutions brings the subject to the notice of
 the ensuing Legislature, and urges upon that
 body the passage of a law making it a penal
 offence to introduce a slave into that State for
 the purpose of selling him.
Cincinnati, June 25—The interments du
 ring the last twenty four hours, ending noon
 to-day, reach one hundred and twenty, of
 which eighty-four were deaths by cholera.
 The interments for the 24 hours ending noon
 Sunday were 104, of which 78 were cholera.
Baltimore, July 2.— The Colonization
 Packet Liberia arrived at this port yesterday,
 in a run of 36 days from the west coast of Af
 rica. She brings a cargo of palm oil, Ac.,
 with 6 cahm pasengers and 5 in the steerage.
Day of Fasting. —The President has is
 sued a Proclamation, recornending the first Fri
 day in August to be observed as a day of tast
 ing, humiliation and prayer, that the Ruler of
 Nations may avert the ravages of the scourge
 now threatening to sweep over the country
Absconding Slaves. —The Romney (Ya.J
 Intelligencer mentions the circumstance thai
 on Saturday night week, eight negro men
 belonging to citizens of Hampshire fV, ab
 sconded, and although liberal rewards had
 been offered for their apprehension, no tidings
 had been received of their arrest. The Lees
 burg (Loudoun) Whig also stales that a
 number of negroes (slaves) have absconded
 from that county some of whom, on being
 arrested in Maryland, exhibited free papers
 so well execoted as to lead to the belief, that
 they had been systematically supplied, and
 tbe road through Maryland to Pennsylvania
 made plain to them.
Insurkectjon in Pernambuco. —Accounts
 have lately reached this country of an incur
 rection among the slaves in Brazil. Accor
 ding to later accounts, it was not an insurrec
 tion of the slaves, bnt a conflict between cer
 tain classes of the free eiuzeus. The proba
 bility however, is, that slaves were mixed up
 in the afiati. It is quite improbable that sla
 very can long exist man empire, so heteroge
 neous in its parts, and so liable every moment
 to dangerous internal dissensions. A revolu
 tion there would probably be associated with
 tbe emancipation of all the slaves.
Shall Colored Men Vote. —The bill de
 tecting the submission to the people of Wis
 consin, at the next general election, of the
 question whether equal right of suffrage is to
 be extended to colored person*, has passed
 both houses of the Legislature and is a Jaw.
O Liberty —E Lewis, a free aegre, was
 Hoed s|t) in St. Louts recently, for being in
 lb* Hut* without s been*#
'ppenl of the Philadelphia Association.
 O'C Morr.cn&gt; Association of Philadel
 phia, ippeal to a benevolent public, and to
 *l'° fr f r,f *he Slave everywhere, to ud
 1 f *Pprosching Fair, the object cf
 r l ,s&gt; »b? North Star.’ To
 familiar u the pages of ih&gt;«
 P S a ac cessary to of Us mem
 I*ho have r.ot seen n we may wy
 that we regard it a, one of lhe
 slavery instrumentalities no w n the fold.
 j M e are the more interested in it, because
 the editor one .f our own oppressed race
 and adm.rab’y qualified by h' S a Jenu and
 moral worth to p*tKmn wot, credit ibe
 ous task of editing a paper devoted to„ U r He
 vatmn. We believe and tru&lt;u thxt o„ r f r&lt;€nd
 wilt give is tneir liberal aid
 To &gt;ur own people we look earnestly
 hopefully. Sisters, brothers, shall w* look
 111 Vain The iron has entered into your w*
 Ye go heavily, bowed down t 0 the very dust
 dispirited, crushed, by ihe weight of opprea
 sum. Ye heat the taunts of the enemy, “They
 arc so ignorant and unrefined 1 tb. y
 jealous one ot another es, they umie but
 it is only lo put down who 4S ltJ oie urtei
 lectuai than the Hia&lt;&gt; Prove by ttie urer
 rins? language of conduct that these assertion*
 so often thrown in &lt;-ur faces are malicious
 islanders. Sustain t Douglass, beeauae hi*
 talents and correct j rmo.pl,demand your
 j res F ,eci 3,1,1 confidence Sustain him because
 it is I‘IGHT t.) do Mi, and because of the sweet
 1 peace the performance of so worthy an action
 will assuredly bring into v ur own bosom.
 1 he fair will tie held on Christmas week
 Donations tor it mav !h? sent to
 HAHRIh I SMI I’ll. 3|y Lombard-street,
 j DLL LI,U\ 1), 303 Fine-street,
 AM\ M. CASSE\ 113 liOinbard-slreet
 Dr to any member ot the Asstn'iabon
 Elizabeth Appo. Lydia Ann Blstill
 Mary Barrott, Hetty Burr,
 Louisa Bristol, Helen Johnson,
 Hester Blstill, Eliza Jones,
 Charlotte Mills.
 SARAH M. IX)I GLASS, Cor. Sec\.
 No. .&gt;4 Mulberry-street
 Philadelphia, Oth mo., &gt;5, IH4‘l.
Accident at Niagara Falls.— A gloom
 was cast over this city yesterday morning, b&gt;
 the intelligence ol an accidental Niagara Fall*
 the evening previous, resulting in the death
 ot two persons from this city, under the most
 afflicting circumstances. Ibe particulars ot
 this painful affair are contained in the following
 telegraph despatch, received yesterday after
 noon Last evening at a quarter petore w
 o'clock, while a party of ladies and gentle
 men weie visiting the Lima Island, among
 whom were the lady and little daughter ot
 Mr-Delorest, and young t ‘has. Adding
 ton, and sewral others, and while the little
 gul was standing on tin- veiv blink of the
 r *ver, i!; i only some *2O It-, t I rout the Falls,
 and holding by ibe hand &lt;d a young gentle
 rum whose name J have not learned—
Addington came up and said play
 fully, 4 lam going to throw you in,” touch
 ing her lightly on the shoulder—when she
 sprang forward with a sufficient force to slip
 trom lhe hand of the young gentleman who
 held her.
She was instantly followed by Addington,
 who caught her,and in the effort was prostia
 ted by lhe force of the water, throwing the
 girl at the same time so near the shore that
 the young gentleman who had her by the
 hand nearly caught her, but lost his balance,
 only saving himself by catching hold of some
 brush on shore. In an instant, young Ad
 dington ami llielitle girl weresw. i nv. r b,
 Falls,
No human effort could avail them. A -ingle
 moment threw them beyond llie ieach of all
 mortal aid. oung Addington was a young
 man ol excellent character, of high and gen
 ial impulses. lie was *te only son of th
 bereaved family residin' in Buffalo.
 i hey are now here—their grief is intense
 has ever cast such a gloom over
 our village.— Buff. Com. Adi.
1 ennessee has caught the spirit of email
 cipation, it would seen. The Knoxville Tri&lt;
 bune is publishing a series of efficient arti
 c!cs in its favor, in which a popular Ton
 vent ion on the subject called for.
low a. 1 here is not a single prisoner iii
 the penitentiary at lowa. During the past
 year, there have been one conviction, two
 pardons, an I one escape, w nich leave* thr
 prison empty.
i ommi’nion Wine. --Frederick A. Page,
 ol Providence, lias been sentenced to n fine ot
 i2O for selling a quantity of wine lor com
 munion service, the Court having decided that
 such a i fu: i* neither “medicinal,” m i “ai
 tisticai.'
i m Locusts,— The Pittsburgh Post say*
 that t ip fourteen vear locusts have made their
 apjiearance in the neighborhood in great
 sw arms. They can be gathered off the ground
 in the gardens, by the handful!.
Mit». Edgeworth. —That charmer of the
 fire-side, whose tales have delighted and in
 structed more persons than those of anv an
 thor she has left behind, is no more. She
 died on Monday, the 21st of May, at Fdsre
 worthtown, in the county of laingford, Ire
 land, aged 83.
Murder by a Slave. —lt becomes our
 painful duty to record another of those rude
 acts ot violence, lately of so frequent occur
 rence m our district, and so shocking to the
 fe«lings&gt; of our people. Mr. .Michael Long,
 living in the north-eastern part of this district,
 was found on Tuesday morning the 17th mat
 in his lied, horribly mangled by the discharge
 of a gun—the upper part of h.s face and head
 having Seen shot away. From the evidence
 before lia- Coroner s inquest the foul murder
 m s to hav&lt;- been committed by a runaway
 slave, the propertv of Mr I/ang —Edgefield
 S. C. A dr.
A man named Pierce has been arrested til
 Montgomery. Via., on the charge of abducting
 Slave*
Successful Petition for Freedom —Of'
 Monday of last week, the Circuit Coutt at
 Washington commenced tbe trial of the case
 of ynme and Turner Cryer n, Elizabeth
 Lock a suit for freedom. The petitioner#
 gave in evidence, that their mistress has lived
 in V irginia for a period of fifteen years, dur
 ing which period they havehved m this city,
 and hired themselves, received their wages,
 and a general absence of any act* of owner
 ship on the part of their mitsress. On Wednes
 day, the jury found for the petitioners
Brown vs. Stone. This w as a case brought
 for wages by a slave, who had escaped from
 slavery, against hi* late master, who had
 «sroe into Upper Canada on a visit, and had
 been arrested for the eiaim, bur released os
 finding bail. The case was tried last week,
 at the Hume District Assizes, and resulted iu
 a verdict for the defendant. Sfontrtai
 (iazettt.
More of Slaverv’* Fruits. Ihs
 Charleston, S. C., papers stale that ‘he
 watchmen of West Point mills was murdered
 oil the ith mst. by two slaves
"
