"Communications.
t'olored ®f Plttefcw*.
 V great change has taken place among
 lhe p*Mp’ic and things in this place within the
 i»t year and a half—-oapecially among lh»
 y a red inhabitants indeed the people anti
 4 llV _. 3 pj)«»ar not to be the same. Tb&lt;
 jreat change that atrikes the general observe
 rh« moat forcibly is the moral aspect
 things.
 in the march of elevation among &gt;m
 O do ed people of PittsbuTg, that tor wbtcV
 the moat credit and commendation may be
 g,&gt; eu is their efforts to obtain real estate. It
 ihia they are doing wc 11 and deserve mod
 credit. Never before m the history ot Pitts
 burg were the same efforts made to &lt;&lt;bi»tr
 property as with... the last four or five yean
 -more especially at this time, \oung men
 who formerly traded upon the river an
 lived at hotel., a few years ago, appearing tc
 have no higher aim nor greater o l&lt;** 1
 mow than to make money tor a ason. qml
 &gt;vor k. dress up and strut about dangling go
 chains and dandy staves, hoarding at con
 siderable expense —gallanting ami treating
 li( y iris' until their funds were exhausted,
 u.ei. go to work again to quit alter a season,
 h ,u the same scenes ot “gentlemanship
 ilt d dandyism were acted over again, so
 uopular among colored people was this course,
 ihat it dare not be attacked, and denounced
 IIV ihe person or reformer who had the hardt-
 and possessed the courage to do We
 M ero among those who in advance of the
 jiopular spirit then existing, attacked these
 as ,ouis, holding the conduct of our thought
 less misguided youth up be fori their own
 oaze. A torrent of opposition and even
 persecution followed—but prepared rather
 lo follow the line of duty and our own con
 victions ol right than the “popular will,” we
 continued our course until eventually, we
 had the pleasure of having many who con
 demeduslo approbate it. and even give us
 among others thanks for the benefit they
 derived from our precepts and admonition.-,
 in them. At the present time, we do not
 think there is anv community of people who
 are making greater efforts at obtaining real
 estate than those of Pittsburg. Scarcely is
 there an industrious family but is making ihe
 effort, more or less. In almost every direr
 lion, in every new street—wherever property
 or lots are put in market there will you find
 same colored persons more or less to be
 among the purchasers and holders—many ol
 whom are tearing up neat and comfortable
 dwe lings of moderate size some quite ele
 gant houses for their means and capital in
 deed, the greatest objection we find to the
 buildings generally is, they are too good that
 is. out people generally build houses mo
 elegant, costly, and expensive t**r their
 means, which they usually intend lor their
 own residences, instead ot like the whites,
 putting their ground to the best possible use
 by first building several small tenements for
 renting by which means they at once cream
 for themselves an income.
 Several v oitfiy colo ed citizens have put
 their properly to the iicst of uses and built
 tenements which are now let out yielding
 them a handsome percentage on their invest
 ments. This is as H should fie, and we
 would that more who have real estate would
 make like improvement on increas
 ing theit means by the improvement of their
 property. A little industry and little enter
 prise would accomplish this. Among the
 business enterprises there are several worthy
 of note. There have been one shoe store and
 one hat store established by two colored men
 both practical mechanics, during the last
 year, and in Allleghany city an adjunct of
 Pittsburg, one good grocery store by Mr.
 Harper, and a fancy store and mantua mak
 ,ng bv two colored ladies, besides other
 srhaliei shops, all of whom appeal to be well
 doing.
 In Alleghany city there is also an astocia
 tion of colored men called ihe “Moral .Lever
 Association, -5 which has lor its object the
 securing of .They are lasi ac
 cumulating property and must eventually
 hold a large amount. There is a public
 school taught hereby Miss Matilda M. Mure,
 an amiable, talented and accomplished young
 lady, which school is well attended with
 young and small pupils.
 Kev. Charles Avery, a very wealthy gen
 tleman ot Alleghany city, one who has con
 tributed largely towards benevolent object,
 among the colored people ot tins county es
 pecially the A. M. E. Church, has presented
 a lot lor the purpose and is now erecting the
 necessary buildings tbr a High School for
 ihe education of colored youths and maidens.
 The act of incorporation passed the last
 »t&gt;aion ot the Pennsylvania legislature re
 cently adjourned and although this slate
 merits the reputation of the most consum
 mate meanness tor its prejudices, proscrip
 tion, disfranchisement, and illiberality towards
 the colored inhabitants, yet in this insiance,
 the act of incorporating this tlie “Alleghany
 Institute and Mission Church," they portray
 ed that degree id generosity becoming an en
 lightened and deliberative body. The Insti
 tute was empowered with all the privileges ol
 a college, with the allowance of five thous
 and dollars, when the usual immunities of
 incorporate colleges are only two thousand.
 Thus for once has the legislature of Penn
 sylvania manifested a degree ot liberal leeling
 towards the coloied inhabitants oi the state.
 Hus in a measure palliates the deep disgrace
 that si ill hangs over her reputation—and
 seemingly conceals the foul stain that still
 tarnishes the pages ol her dockets.
 Mr. A very is erecting at hia own expense
 tin? Institute establishment for the education
 of colored ysuth, though no distinction 16
 made m regard to ihe origin of children,
 attached to w hich mere is to be a commodi
 ous chapel, known is the “Mission Church,”
 in winch the colored Wesleyun” connexion
 is lo have the right of common worship. The
 Institute lias nine charter Trustees—Six
 colored and three w hite—their successors to
 continue torever in the *ju»e ratio This
 we think a good and wise |,rovj bl on. h mce it
 prevent, any advantage being taken of the
 institute by the whites on account of num
 bers. The iiicotporauou is unlimited in
 period—hence, except by the most vicious
 design, its existence may continue ml injin
 dum Mr. Avery IS a Whig in polities, and
 a member and preacher in the Radical or
 Protestant Methodist (while; connexion,
 buthe is an anti-slavery man and true luefad
to the colored people, and far in advance of
 hit political and religion* persuasion i*u
 The same gentleman u previously referred
 to, haa within the last two or three jean
 contributed about thirteen hundred dollare in
 cash to Bethel Cburoh in this city, which
 church belongs to the colored people under
 the African Methodist Episcopal Church con
 nexion, Hhis liberality Uj the colored people
 has not been equalled—nay, not even imitated
 nor mocked bv any man, however wealthy in
 the Western country —whatever may have
 been bis anu-*lavery pretentions—whatever
 to the contrary w e may think ot the incon
 sistency of the Rev. gentleman's political and
 church position. In addition to these public
 act* he is not without those isolated acts of
 benevolence and charity which more par
 ticularly mark the tiue philanthropist and
 chnstian. He took a young colored woman
 who was under the necessity ol living out at
 “service” for a livelihood and sent her to
 school at Oberlin where he still supports her
 and intends continuing to do so until she
 completes her studies. He, in this last pub
 lic act of establishing the Institute, is erect
 ing a monument to hisinemory that shall last
 as long aa mind exist* in the being of ihe
 colored people of Alleghany county.
 M. H. D.
 Three Months in Philadelphia daring
 the Winter of 1849.
 SIICOND lsttk*.
 Fredirick Douglas*— Dear Friend Jn
 iny letter of last week I took occasion to state
 in outline, the proceedings and results of the
 Harrisburg!) and Philadelphia Conventions,
 called for the purpose of securing the Elective
 Franchise to the colored population ot that
 state, and I spoke of them as sad failures and
 attributable almost entirely to the indifference,
 procrastination, and illiberally of the colored
 people themselves; and I may be permuted to
 repeat, that if there is one thing more than
 another preventing our rise as a people, ob
 structing the progress of our cause, and ma
 king us a by-word and hissing in the land of
 our nativity, and in the midst of those insti
 tutions around which, cluster our hopes ior
 the future, it is the spirit of envy, jealousy,
 and deceit entertained and practiced towards
 each other; this next to the inexorable preju
 dices of our white oppressors, hangs like a
 mill stone about our necks. Take Philadel-
 phia the past winter for example, and on the
 subject of the Elective Franchise, and in that
 population of twenty thousand and upwards
 there was no unanimity of feeling, and liber
 ality of sentiment sufficient to fix upon any
 man in their midst ijr from abroad, of their
 own complexion, to act for them as agent or
 lecturer; in fact, they held many meetings,
 and much opposition and angry debate was
 had before delegates to the State Convention
 were appointed, and the paltry amount raised
 to pay their travelling expenses. And the
 truth will sootier or later force itself upon us,
 that tio great change in public sentiment can
 be effected, or any long-lost right restored, or
 general abuse corrected, or popular nuisance
 removed, until the sufferers or disfranchised
 signify their deep abhorrence of the injury
 done them, their unmistakable opposition to
 every form of oppression, founded upon color
 or other adventitious circumstance; and that it,
 is not enough that our white friends, w ho are
 greatly in the minority, write, speak, petition
 and contribute, but that it is ours also to j
 write, speak, petition and contribute, and at
 times and under circumstances best calculated
 to keep up the agitation. Let the quiet of the
 church, the stability of ordinary societies
 among us, the accumulation of dollars and
 cents, the anniversaries of Odd Fellow socie
 ties, the display of Free Masons, the levees J
 of Sons and Daughters of Temperance, the
 suppers of Good Samaritans and Fancy Balls
 and parties, be made subordinate lor the lime
 being, to the great and true idea of our moral,
 social, political and religious recognition.
 To make me a sectarian, Odd Fellow, Good
 Samaritan, Son of Temperance, or Free
 Mason, before you make me a man and a cit
 izen, is to mock my heart, and insult my
 head liberty first, names, societies and con
 ventionalism afterwards. Ot what advantage
 is the Church, State or any human Society or
 Institution to me, if I must purchase them at
 the price of chains, slavery and proscription 7
 wl it, the glory of houses and lands if enjoy
 ed upon sufferance 7 Suffer me to live on
 South-street, and beat and stab me for walk
 ing on the next street below, after 9 o clock
 in the evening. Tell me 1 may walk in an
 Odd Fellow Society, and mob me lor walk
 ing in a Temperance procession. Permit me
 to pass in a Free Mason procession, and club
 and stone me to death for being in au Anti-
 Slavery procession. Go when, where and
 with whom we please as servants or slaves—
 but denied place above or beneath ground—
 scarcely breathing air, or drinking water as
 gentlemen. As musicians we may play in the
 centre of fashionable circles, but must not
 presume to walk or march ou grand parade
 occasions; ride side by side with our white
 employers or masters, carry the Children in
 our arms, kiss them and be kissed in retuin
 as servants or slaves, but must not come with
 in hailing distance as fiiends or equals. Such
 then is our true condition four millions of
 people living, acting, dying, not as God wills,
 but as slavery demands and prejudice com
 plies; and who needs to be intoimed that any
 appeal from us to the law, gospel, humanity
 or civilization of the country, is a dead strain,
 and will continue to be so, until we shall grow
 more uneasy in our chains as slaves, and self
 respectful, confident and daring in our demand
 for our rights as nominal freemen. The true
 secret is, we are slaves in our persons because
 we are slaves m spirit; and shante ujioii the
 craven cowards, and equal shame upon those
 who willingly and patiently wait for their
 white friends to do and dare tor them, what
 they will not do and dare for themselves, and
 long, too long this ha* been true of us. And
 I ask if our fate is to he sealed through our
 own inertion or whether as a people we are
 doomed and damned by Slavery's fiat 1 Irft
 him who dare* answer.
 Ouj colored friends throughout the country
 know this is no fancy sketch, but every day
 reality; they know that when oui friend Ro
 liert Purvis says, we are but miserable auto
 mata in community and in ihe country, he
 speak* a truth. And when will we better
 ourselves in a manner becoming our cause
 In view of our present lifeless, listless at
 titude to the cause emphatically our own, 1
 agam confess my self-respect as a man is hunt
 bled my pride i* s «u»n broken my
ambition u a son anti brother hi my
 upi tat ions to a place among my fellow coun
 trymen hare fallen my hope in thorn with
 whom 1 am cla*sed. ami with whom I wish to;
 lire and die is fast losing ita bold. And as
 one of you, and with you I submit my ngbt!
 to err out against the dorp damnation" ofj
 Slavery and prejudice upon ua, and mv equal 'j
 right to enter my solemn ptotest against the
 silence of our peopie, or any and every dem
 oristraiion militating in any way against the
 progress of our cause, and pro-slavery among
 ourselves is equally obnoxious and detestable
 to my mind and feelings as among white peo
 ple; and let the line be drawn as discriminat
 ing and impartial among ua, as one of the
 means of saving us ftoni a common slavery
 i and a common disgrace. And I here declare
 that in future, I will show no more quarter or
 lenity, 01 communion with the one than the
 other. \ours, truly,
 OBSERVER.
Items from a Spectator's Journal.
 During a recent visit to Philadelphia, 1 was
 much interested with the several .colored
 Schools, public aud private, as also various
 Institutions where indigent and children are
 charitably provided w ith the means of mental,
 moral and physical comfort. So much has
 lately l»een transmitted through the North
 Star of the progress and resources of our
 brethren in the city of Brotherly Love, that 1
 teel justified in reserving the major pari of ray
 own lucubrations as a spectator. I cannot
 forbear however an allusion to the North
 Star association, a circle of devoted anti
 slavery friends who manifest a readiness in
 and out ol season to enlargethe circulation of
 the paper regarded by them as an efficient
 auxiliary in a good cause, and tht* too as 1
 am happy to learn without lessening their
 hearty good will arid patronage ot the other
 prominent anti-slavery periodicals. A meet
 ing was held under their auspices in \N eslev
 Church, which was addressed by Robert
 Douglass, Jr., among others, m an elegant
 and pertinent manner, setting forth the claims
 of the paper, and urging a generous support.
 I trust the Philadelphia North Star Associa
 tion will be successful in their effort, and that
 other cities will follow the example, thus cre
 ating a wide spread impetus in its behalf. The
 paper has successfully redeemed the pledges
 given at the outset: the favorable testimony
 of the Press generally to the ability displayed
 in its columns—the position it has already
 won as a faithful exponent of the colored
 American —the channel thiough which his
 wants can be manifested —his incentives for
 improvement encouraged—his faults rebuked,
 &amp;nd his virtues exalted, are among the rea
 sons why the hand and heart of himself and his
 friends should he zealous m its suppoit; its'
 watchfulness of the schemes of out common
 enemy, Slavery, arid its twin ally the A met-,
 ican Colonization Society its hold tones in
 denouncing the former, and the skill in which
 it implies the scalping knife of truth to the lat
 ter, alike commend it to patronage. As a class
 the colored people have not yet done their duty
 in sustaining an Anti-Slavery Press. A few
 days since 1 heard an intelligent colored man;
 rebuking another for not having subscribed
 for the Liberator, adding that as long as he
 lived, the old pioneer sheet should be found on i
 his table. Did but a similar spirit animate
 the nominally free colored people, their cause:
 would progress with most rapid strides.
 William P. Powell, of New-York city,
 with a determination of keeping up to the;
 times, has recently removed his colored Sail- j
 or's Home, to U3O Pearl-street. A rnorefavor- i
 able location could hardly be selected; ihe
 house is peculiarly adapted to his plan,
 can accommodate seventy persons. Spacious
 drawing and dinning rooms, and private ones
 when desired by families. Library facilities,
 sleeping and bathing departments, are all ar
 ranged in the most unique order: though
 termed the Seamen's Home it is not exclu
 sively such, and any who feel disposed to
 award their patronage will in the language ol
 mine host,” find every attention paid to
 their comfort."
 Joseph Holley, recently an anti-sla
 very lecturer, though not now contributing as
 often as formerly to your columns is yet help
 ing tlie cause along at Brooklyn, precept and
 example. Like Roger Sherman of Revolution
 ary fame, when not directly engaged in de-j
 vising wavs and means for the people s on- j
 largement, employs his time at his shoeinak
 ing bench his customers are no less satisfi
 ed with his work on account of a complexion!
 unlike theit own. May lie, like the above
 named patriot, be not a peg behind his con
 teroparies in Freedom’s cause.
 A visit to the Northampton Water Cure,:
 and its enterprising proprietor David Ruogles,;
 is at all times and particularly the present,
 very gratifying, the success thus far attending
 his persevering efforts has warranted the
 erection of an additional house, which is
 now about finished and ready lor patients.
 The Water Cure is pleasantly situated near
 Bensouville. on the west bank ot Mill river,
 about two miles from Northampton Centre
 the scenery around the building is a feast to
 the lover of the picturesque and romantic, and
 invalids can enjoy their retired walls ad Übitum.
 The house is arranged with separate parlors,
 bathin? 3nd dressing rooms for ladies and
 gentlemen, and the water applied for baths is
 unrivalled for its peculiar propeities— the sick
 have only to accept the invitation, come
 wash and be healed." David Ruggles is not
 merely a cold water theorist, but fortunately
 for him and the long list of las cured patients
 has been practical —himself restored to health
 and usefulness by the cure, is enabled more
 confidently to commend the system to others
 than if he had acquired his gift only from
 books and observation his skill in detecting
 disease by sense of touch (and which is en
 hanced rather than impaired by his partial
 lack of vision) would be deemed miraculous
 were it not in accordance with the scientific
 demonstration* of several eminent medical
 scholars. I*et then, those afflicted with any
 of the ills dealt is heir to,” haste to obtain
 ablution at this justly famed Fountain ol
 Health.
 Within a few- years past, Boston has re
 ceived quite an accession of colored citizens,
 a large majority hailing from the Southern
 State*, and 00 antong the moat
 industrious classes, many quietly pursuing
 i the even tenor of their way, securing the
 means of comfort sod elevation. There never
 was a greater libel uttered tban charging the
 colored people with brine**, indolent one*
of course there »r« wbwe p rww* and evil
 influer «s arc a eootmaai eje-wn to the bet
 ter port** Sot the masses whether clunung
 a Northern or Southern oiiiib u far as cit
 cutmtauces allow, honorably emulate the
 examples of enterprising white men. Of this
 there are abundant facts w confirmation.
 B«?=tyn and New Bedford, hare each con
 tributed ibeir quota of colored adventurers in
 I lie California gold hunting expedition, many
 of them have sacrificed long established busi
 ness and lair piospects, investing much capi
 ta' jrit'. the hope of realising a fortune. As
 with the whites a» with them, their u»»s«oo 1
 is condemned bv some and approved by otheis.
 In business relations a colored man may now
 succeed if perseverance and patience be
 among his virtues. Daniel Laing is a co
 proprietor of a Power Printing Press, has
 now a fair share of patronage, as have also
 several journeymen compositors —more tacts
 of this kind could be mentioned. olorphobia
 does not now seem as rampant as in days
 gone by. Thete are but few if any Omnibuses
 from which a colored passenger is colonized.
 In Fating Saloons ami Sods Refectories they
 are generally t.eated as others, and in places
 of popular amusement, where the “upper ten
 mostlv do congregate, colored persons find
 readv access to seats of their choice—and as
 an encouraging fact it may be mentioned, that
 in several instance*'this equality is practised
 w here a few years since the very shadowing
 forth of such an advance would have given
 altogether too much color to the idea.
 Wm. W. Brown, who soon leaves for
 Europe, is an accredited delegate to the Peace
 Convention about to assemble in Paris and to
 be presided over by Lamartine. How would
 American Republicans here at home recipro
 cate, if a colored delegate was sent from
 Paris We cannot answer —perhaps with
 fraternity and equality. William Allen
 former editor of the Troy National W atch
 nian, is now lecturing in this vicinity on the
 history, literature, and destiny of the colored
 race, and with gratifying acceptance. One
 individual who had never lieen known to ex
 press any favorable feeling for the colored
 man and his cause, on leaving the lecture
 room the othet evening eontessed that the
 impression made on him by the subject as
 presented had given him new and exalted
 opinions of the class hitherto deemed so infe
 rior.—Thus a chord had been struck in bis
 breast never before vibtaiing to such senti
 ments. On Saturday evening June 2d, by
 invitation of \N illiam J. Bowditch Esq., a
 large delegation of colored school children
 partook of picnic festivities in his beautiful
 grove at Brookline about five miles from the
 city. The weather during the week had
 been extremely unpropitous, but on this day
 as if bv benevolent design, a bland atiuos
 phete, and cloudless sky greeted the merry
 hearted children, their friends and benefactors;
 a variety of innoqent recreations were indulg
 ed in, and not only by the juveniles, but by
 those of a larger growth, ami that 100 most
 heartily. Several distinguished friends ol the
 anti-slavery cause were present, who consis
 tently appreciated such art opportunity. On
 separating, rounds of happy cheers were given
 in grateful testimony to the Proprietor and his
 Lady, both of whom always appear most
 pleased when contributing to the happiness
 of others. W. C. N.
 Boston, June 1849.
The Protective Policy ok an Armed
 Peace. —Something far the Merchant. The
 armed-protection policy is a strange species of
 economoy, truly. Nothing like it. can be
 found in the history of common business
 transactions. There is only one thing like it
 which we can imagine; and that would be the
 case of a person who should set one ol his
 children bringing water for the family in a
 gourd from a neighboring spring, and should
 keep an athletic hired man, armed with a
 bludgeon, merely for the purpose of attending
 the child on the way, to protect it from dogs,
 donkeys, pigs, and geese. Such a protective
 policy would be about as economical as that
 adopted by enlightened nations fur the protec
 tion of Commerce. The great object of na
 vies is to protect commerce it is said; and the
 merchants aud manufacturers of Chistendom
 believe it to a marvellous extent of credulity.
 To be sure, in the still times of peace, navies
 do but little in this way. They sometimes
 sleep dismasted in hulks for years, in the best
 harbors of nation, or upon their stocks under
 cosily building. Commerce is expected to
 take care of itself during a time of Peace; but
 in war these great sea bull-dogs are unken
 neled to protect Commerce by chasing halt of
 it fr m the ocean! But let us count the cost
 of this kind of protection, beginning with Great
 Britain. _
 The sum appropiated to the British Navy
 for the last year, amounted to at least X 8,000
 000, after deducting XT ,000,000 for packet
 service. The entire value of (all the exports
 of the United Kingdom, in 1848, did not
 probably exceed X’4,000,000. Thus the na
 val protection ot this commerce cost nearly
 seventeen percent- of its whole amount! Now
 it is doubtful w hether any experienced man
 utaciurer or merchant in England would put
 j the net profits on these exports at above 12 1-2
 t percent, after deducting all risks, insurance
 guaranties, and other inseparable charges.
 Then this singular economy would produce
 this result: _
 Profits of X’48,000,000 X 0,000,000
 Naval Protection of ditto. X 8.000,000

 Excess ut Protection over Profits, X 2,000,000
 Required the number of years it would
 take for Commerce to get nch at this rate.
 But, 1848 was a hard year for Commerce it
 will be said. Then let us take the annual
 1 average exports ol the 1 nited Kingdom for
 1 the last five yeats, and we shall find that they
 A paid 15 per cent, of their entire amount for
 naval protection
 l i The Commerce of France taxed lo per
 2 i cent and that of the United States 7 cent, lor
 t the same kind of protection. How can the
 enlightened merchant* and manufacturers of
 these three great countries be reconciled to
 such a protective policy a« thud— Chrutian
 1 Citizen.
 The Bevas« —JuneO —PM The
 n great creva»e now in a fair way of being
 ,j checked. The levee above he
 r citv has been abondoned, the cost for the
 j construction of the same being too great
 6 Receipt* t
 t k, Noeth 3ta«, tke t*d,u
 a Jml, X 184®.
 F J. H. R«ve*. Newark, V
 JohnMolaon.Wdham-port.P*.
 3. B.ar, Welbvitk, Ok»
 James E. Ward, T»ey&gt;W Y MJ
 George T. Dowruag. Xe.pcrr, R- 1
 W in. Eagkaoo. Do B«q«* P *_
 Abraham Cole, W.tawfU*. Dab
 Wißoa D. Norri., Weßrußa, Olan tfi*
 M James W .M Cmvmmu.
 g L.B. M Utjre.iefcwoa.Obw
 Marti. N V T Z
 WWmm A. T«*ddak, fj*
 le Sirphra Wilbur. Ea«Av«.?f
Commercial.
Rochiitu, July S, IMR
 The market for prodwt rrumim abaa* the
 u week. Xo in«w«wM af iqr nuportaurr
 have traavpirvd am ta»r report- W« «pao*e
 WuWr* at 86#f6c; rtoi« Ob*o would taiug
 91c by the W*»d. la Genrvee there u aotiuof
 it wMtU roioaunU $1 12*1,15. Fh*r
 j—W«itm Flour f4f4^o.
 la Con there is wot mock Amih; *»'fle
 arrive# sell* at 50r.
RockrMer W holf«ak Price* C«rre«t.
 FI.OIR *!&gt;n MF.Al—Put* »ff *d
 FUir. p bbl .4 73#5 00
 Cora meal, p bush
 PROVISION.—Dot* .Beef.Ptwk.Ham*. Bmm,
 Batter mud Lard. P fV« 30 P
 Pork, (me?*) 11 00
 Do. in ho«
 IWef. cwt. 4 00 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mean) •700* S 00
 Lard (tried) Eft
 Do. (I«f.) J
 Hama, (*n*oked)
 Sh. adder*. do. 5
 B«l«
 Turkeys p ft
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bosh 341 &lt;9 S2J
 GRAIN—Duty; 2o p r ad Til
 Wheat, bush *l“*
 o»« "S
 Oats S
 Bariev 30
 HIDES—Duty; S p r ad val
 TSTr
 Sheep Pehs 1 40
 SEEDS—Duty Linseed 10pr; Mustard 20 p
 Jive?' 373# S 00
 Timothv 1306&gt; 2 2.*
 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 pc ad val
 Whitefish bid
 Codfish cwt 2&gt;
 SUNDRIES
 Salt, p bbl 1
 Apples, phis 5S
 Do. dried btt*h.
 EggS, P dot 10
 Heims, p hush f n S
 Hay, P ton 100
 Hard wood
 Soft Wood
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with nrwJnhTyp*, for the execution of every
 description of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills ot Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Isabels, Ac.
 Antislavery office and Reading Room*
 ,Yo. 25 Buffalo St. Roekerter, oypomtt the Arcade.
 rpHIS office has been newly stocked with the
 1 latest and best works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them am the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—'Theodore Parker's Ser
 mon onJ.Q. Adams—do on the Mexican war
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 The Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archv Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a C ir
 dilating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 j and scientific character.
 1 JOHN S. JACOBS.
Xew Watch aad Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to rompete in the sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold Silver j
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelet*, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies’ anil
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold ami plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, Ac. Ac.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before pnrehasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 otlter Musical Instruments, which will lie sold very
 j low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of tlie best
 Brass Eight-day, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—(.all ami see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 j ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 Smte Street.
 J. KEDZIL Co.
 p s —To the Farmers in particular we would
 give” notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the ranges of the
 weather, so as to be able to adopt Ins business to its
 j variations. Pie &lt;se call and examine them, as ever
 man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15,1848. ,n
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 T wotikl respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 laud surrounding country, that 1 have removed my
 office Irom No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfni lor past favor* in the line ol my profe*-
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may law me with their pa
 tronage I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of liaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 A rLARK
 N B. All operation* performed by me on ibe
 teeth ami Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. if*
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD
 CHANGE IN TIME- —Tlie trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—at la. 8$ a. m., Ip. 74P.w.
 Westward—at 4i a. 9 a.w.,2j P. 7P*
 Rochester, May 1, 1849.
 Grand Iclfkratloi.—FrffdninS
 Annual Jibilef.
 THE Auiiivernan of West India Emancipation,
 will he celebrated at the city of Buffalo, on the
 First dav of Augiwt next. Grand awl extensive
 preparation* are being made t»&gt; make it one of die
 i roost brilliant affairs upon record. A general in
 vitation i* given to all Freedom’s Friemt* through
 oat the State awl eLsewhere.
 Come one! come all!
 GEORGE WEIR, Jk
 Sec'y of Committee of Arrangements.
Central Gra»4 Celekratltu. Frw
 dnm’s Annnal JiMltc.
 cpHE Anniversary of West India Emaw-ifwtmn
 i 1 will be celebrated in the city of Auburn, on the
 Firm day of August next. Extern- ive preparation*
 are being made to make it one the nnort William
 •flairs ufrja record. A general imitation i* given
 !to all Freedom Friends throughout the State awl
 elsewhere. Come old and vowng’ coo* choc
 all. J. W. QUINCY,
 Set. of Com. ol Arrangement*.
 M-y 11, 1849.
Tke 014 lirMity Sfc*p
 •At So 48 Exchange Street RtekeMar.
 Lloyd SCOTT, fraietuJ far Uw* petrosa#*
 awarded him, wtmU reapeilfatty i*fona bit
 themix and tb* pefoik gmeralh, that be tm» ft*-emir
 btf «übtA«tt» aad emMeAkm
 of Mei'i, VVoom'i, aad Children
 Hecoed band apparel. la adJiuoo to thie d*pe»V
 ,mi be «iB be* and ictl Hoar ud Suae 1 trw
 tare, Bcokt, Jewelry, Faary anklet, Mecbaweal
 lff .t acrkaluvaJ iapkaeau, aad iadeed ail
 nnuu oddt aad eada*' of »kkfc e«y m* be
 readily obtained el other placet. U mhu kaemum
 w beep Tbe Old Carotiiy »bop" wefl faraubad
 •ixb as eodlea* variety of anklet far wbkh be will
 p., Ufeenßy ead of tmtiebewn pekea.
 CMbtaf repaired and motiMtl erita aeataeee
 “Xf far*el “TW Old furetdy SWp.
 Reebeew Mart
NARRATIV E OF THE LIFE OF FREDEfC
 !&lt;~K DOUGLASS, writ** by knaoelf. m he
 bad m this o&amp;re. price 39 rent*; mo Mil. 37 r
llair-dttlir art Itrertß* at
 RALPH FRANCIB% B«Us, under the Eagle
 Bnfialo-etreet jul 14—k*
BOsT©\ Al&gt;* ERTISE*FATS.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE .‘dsntier has removed to that neat, n»w*
 nirvp, ami centra! No. 2| Outre
 Court, where lie will be most happy u» weleowa* *-.«e i
 of the Friend* of Kef cm. at rrasooahir charges.—
 He wishes hi* h«ase to be the reniral place m Bos 1
 too, where the friends of Temperance. Peace, Purity j
 Freed.mm. the Prisoner. Ac..may meet together.!—
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Aug, 21, 1848.
 THOMAS P SMITH, No. 38, EruuhTstree t
 sign of the Golden Ball. New and Second
 band Clothing Store.
 The JfassaehasettsQiarterly Review*
 COMMENCED on the first of December, 184?,
 to he continued on the Ist of March. Jane, am)
 and September. It will he devoted lo the interest
 of no party or class, but its conductor* will endea
 vor to present an open and fair'field for the notice
 amt discussion of matters pertaining to Philo-nphv,
 Politics, Literature, Rehgiou, ami Humanity.
 The Review will le o.ndm led by R. W F.iner
 soo, Theodote Parker, ami J. Kllhu C’almt, x**isteil
 by several other gentlemen.
 Each number w ill contain about 125 page«. at the
 priee of S 3 a year, in advance.
 OoMHßiiraitkMs, su)wcn|gion-, kr shtaikl le
 addresseii to the Publishers,
 UOOI.IDGE A WILEY,
 12. Water Street, Boston
 ROBF.RT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney ami Conn
 sellor ai Inn Brazei Building, Slate Sireel
 Boston.
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery F.mfioriuin, 114, B!ackstor&gt;e-s
XEW YORK ADYERTISEMEXTS.
 ELLIS a. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen*
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing Article*, i
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1849.
 JUST PUBLISHED, and for *ale at tlie other of
 of tlie Anti Slavery Stamford
 The Legion of Liberty, and Force of Truth, 19th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages ol close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and aliont sixty
 illustrative engraving*. Price 37j cts. in uuisliu,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to 1 1iose who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence, Rights, and Appeal of
 Women,from various authors, 12i cents.
 Letter to tlie People of tlie United States, touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Win. VV. thrown’* lecture before tin? Female A S.
 Society of Salem, Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston. —pp. 22. Price 5 cent*.
oloml Sailors* Home.
 330, Pearl Street, iVeu* Yi»\l.
 FRIENDS of tin- slave, ami strangers on a vi*il
 to New York, can now lie accommodated with
 as good Board,and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in the city. The house i* large ami eon*
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. IDI P. I’OW ELL.
 May 11. 1849.
 DU. J. M’CU.NE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
MRS. PF.TTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friend* ami the Public, that site ha* removed
 from 150 to a commodious liouse No. 162, Church
 Street, wheie she will continue to entertain respect
 able coiored fiersons w ith Board and laalging.
 New York, May 11, 1819.
PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Frank
 fort and Gold Street.
 WM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad
 wav. Also an extensive assortment ofCrnvats,
 Stocks, Hosiery, Gloves.
 Albany, Feb. 11, 1848.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISEJI’TS.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOIiNES having opened an Establish
 ment at the Phii.adklphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, aliove Seventh, for the purpose of
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may require them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to tlie following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly jiermiued the use of their names as
 REFERENCES:
 Andrew M’Makin Editor of tlie American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—
DR. D. J. I'EC'K, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lomharil Street, above
 Sevputb. 1} —36
 FRF,?: PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW’ GOODS’ just rerived. General reduction
 in price*.
 Fine 4-4 Prints, various stiles.
 New stiles of Pi inis of medium ipialitv,usual width.
 Fine awl wide Pa|ier Mullins. Also Cok red
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz I inlsrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced pri-es, Ginghams, various qualities and
 style*.
 Fine and heavy -Shirting, ."Meeting*, and Pillow
 M listing.
 Striped Caodtrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de I-aine, plain aad neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannel* 4-4 good ami price low Canton itannels
 w bite ami colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.'
 Apron and Furniture Check. Coifc.n Handkerchief*.
 Cotton Twilbd Pantaloon Stuff*. Also Liner
 Drilling. Acc.
 !&gt;&gt;ug and half More, fine ami lienvy.
 Knitting Cotton, variMis Nos., blear lied, brow ii, anc
 colored.
 Wadding, white and Colored Cotton Lip*. Also,
 Refined L»al, Crushed, and Pulvetized Sugar.
 Drown Sugar, g'snl quality, of various grs/tes.
 Ttie whole %tock exclusively Free l.alsn time is
 to which the Jvdwcriber would invite the atteatioi
 of cottar rv merchants, as well as hi* ft tends and tin
 public genera lU.
 Much jxiiu* takes by die Manager- of l* Fret
 Produce A**«« iation, to avsi-t tlie Sul»ciit* i i». i
 large the assortment lion, tune uj tunr.
 GEORGE TAVI.Oi:,
 Northwest easruer Fifth ami 11« try-»f,
 Philadelphia it HS-. Ist, l.’M 6 if
 (tfIARI.CH JONI S, North Star House, No. 26
 J North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, am
 Maiket ami Arch »ueets, Phibilelpiua-
 Strangers viaiting the dt\ wilt find tlie Nottl
 Sur House the most central, convenient and ewn
 fortabie House to PhibdelpitUi.
 Phib'lelptua, Iter. 1, 16.4*1 ri*d!i
 Free La tor
 MAN CFACTI. RED liy the American l ie* Pr&lt;i
 dare Association, and fur ,sle at Vo, 31, Non
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Pu
 nitttre; Canton Flannel, nnWeacheri; Mu*lu
 bleached ami unbleached, of varioun qualifies an
 width x thin Mnsltn for linings, brown ate- colocnd
 Bird Eye Towels; Mark ami white IVadding
 Cotton Laps; I-imp Wkk; Bed Ticking, an ei
 ■client article; Calico, Storking*. Knitting Coum
 Ate Itr.
 Order* for Goods, or letter* desir inf informal io&lt;
 may he addressed to J. Milter Mr Kim, 31, Non
 Fifth-street, Daniel L. Mi her, Tenth-streei, m'\
 James Mou, No. 25, Church Alley.
 A targe and haadaran* assortment of Prints wo
 on hand. jut tf
 Aatl-SUvtry (Mke,
 .No. 31, Xvrtk Fifth Street, PkiUuitif***-
 An’LL assortment of am•-slavery psfcf*rat*t
 m kept constantly on hand. Abo
 variety at misreiborouv puMtcaixu**,
 aad Fancy Rnticm n. at.
 All boar* iwtauac to the limn'■ff “kC
 to bn diroetad ton- Mdbr *‘**"\*L, r
 FAh slreet, Phdadrlph.a
hoas’s colchii.
 All the m«)»e*M« advert wed by WB Skma
 are sold In Peat A M dH*, Wrnahm A Young, Ho
 Chester; Kern*hue. Frankfort; A 8 Burst*A
 Co.. T. AA. Frye, Rrorfcuort; Caleb
 Nye, Pittsford; W. Wdham*. Butfofo. and bv
 t druftpsts throughout the 1 ailed State*
 family ointment.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT ts soa »ni »ers«lK tre
 kisnw ledgeil to br aa idbßihfo remedy. «n sverv
 ra«e *hete it iu« lovu fotthfoUv ifg»be&lt;l on the bu
 rn in for j.r- tooting l.iseosibfo PmpintnMi.
 drawing raw the liilltiwuni l fr** wound, rr
 Ireviitg «f every kind, and tn it* healing qua I.
 tie* the work) doe* not proefoee it* equal, ami ths
 pobiM- |irnM«we it the cb* ajir«t »t»d be*t r’*OU i
 Oinrnieot that ha* ever been used. AH diseuer* ot
 the Firsh, Obstinate Ulcer*. Old Sores, Chitt&gt;fo*»s.
 Surt Dimut, Born*. I'm*, CotaneoM* Eruptio*.
 Sore Nipple*. Sore Breasts. Pmouse* ot the Ey*,
 Ague u* the taee, sate, buck, ami the other parts ol
 the system, BmU, Ulcer*. Seakl Heutl, Brsi«U*
 Fresh Wotunvls.aml every kuvi of sore* containing
 the least particle ot inriararrwow&gt;n are permaneutlv
 coreil by this great rensmlv.
 W. B. SLOAN.
 iraml Itepo?, 40 *i., i 'tucago. 111
 w»- i sn’t «;ST AI4KSG WiTHOVT iT.
 BriKg’s tinovx. Will Co., 111., i
 Ortoler 24, 1848 y
 Mr. Sl»ax—Sir I have te*te«l the virtue ot
 your Ointment in the cure of rattle*nake bites, tore
 thmut, fxirns, aiwl many other »nj**ries, ami in every
 case it ha* our expertatione. A* a Kami
 ly Ointment 1 have never seen its equai, and tor
 i *ea-t« can’t get akmg without it.
 Your*. Ac.,
 MILES M JOHNSON

 I.XCLLLKST OINTMINT.
 Mr. StOAJt—Dear Sir; For ronsideeabia
 length of time I was setiously tflirtnl with tbw
 Rheumatic complaint,.imi apjdird freely the various
 liniment*, pun-killer*, Ac-, without obtaining auy
 relief. Alter which your agent at thr» place influ
 emred me to try your Ointment, ami within twu
 week* from the time 1 commenced using «t, the pain
 cease&lt;l, ami I was effectually cured; ami shall re
 commend all w ho are similarly afflicted with th« dis
 tressing complaint, to procure your excellent omt
 I men! without ilelav. Resp’v voitr*,
 OSCAR F. MOTT
 Prin«-evilse. Peoria co.. 111., May 1, 49.
 1 UMiKR BITTKS I NTIRVt.V Ot
 Two Mile* South of Chicago.
 Sept. 14. 1849.
 l»R. Si.ot&gt;-Sir On the 84b n»t. my non had
 linger bitten entiielv ofl bv a horse. W e unmcdi
 iUelv applied mhii 'celelnaietl Ointment which t«-
 lieved him of ;«iu in a few minutes, ami prevented
 the finger from swelling the least particle, ami the
 wound i* now healing rapidly.
 Respect full* murv,
 S ROCK WA)
 PP.I.MK 4RTII Id
 I Arc any iflhctcd with pain*, bruise*,cuts or one*
 of any kind Let ilietn read It. Sloan’s *&lt;l
 vertisement in another column. Ho lielieve this
 i ointment to lie a prime article lot any thing ot the
 kind ami no humbug. Try little ol it before y*&gt;u
 suffer any longer. It can lie had at nearly all tba
 stores in this place.—[Knox Intelligencer.
 rtlK. BFST \SI) ItKAPKM
 lIORSF. MEDICINE
 tv rue wont n.
SLOWS (lISTMKNT
 CONDITION POWD K
 have EARNED A tIRKAT NAME.
 For Purity, \yfUdntta, Sa/H y, Crrtantly
 amf 7 horoughnrx* SLOAD'S
 OISTMEST Exert*,
 And is rapidly superseding all l,|lll 111 ud
 Liniments now in use lor the cure ol tin* fullowiag
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds, (ialls «»l all Winds, Sprsma.
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone. W iiiHgall-, I oil
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Saecnev, ristula, Sitlast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, foundered reet.
 Scratches or Crease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The PowpKß will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body and
 has proved a sovereign remedy lor the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, faiss of Appetite, In
 ward Strains, Yellorv Water, Inflammation ot the
 Eyes, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheuma
 tism, (commonly called stiff complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable horses in tins
 country. It is also a sale and certain remedy fbt
 coughs and colds, which generate so many fatal dis
 eases. W. B. SI.OAN,
 (Ira ml Depot, 40 Lake si., Chicago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT 1 ROM THE “tiALEN NORTH-WESTERN
 GAZETTE.”
 Bv the use of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on im
 horse, ami otherwise improved Ins condition m.ue
 Ilian 500 per cent, on the cost of the medicine. Aud
 a cow which was so feeble as to lie considered
 worthless hy myself ami neiglil**rs, was restored to
 good health ami strength hy the use of leu ibno hall
 a package of die powder, and is now doing l*rtt&lt;»
 than any other cow I have. MM. Il ENT
 Small I’nx. May 13, 184 M
 ,t
 POPt'LAR OPINION.
 It popular opinion is any enter ion of the woitlr
 of an article, we invite the incredulous to read ai
 least a few of tlie many voluntary certificates which
 appear in our column- respecting the srimi variety
 of remarkable cures effected by die use of Sloan
 relebrated Ointment and Condition Powder.”
 Tliese remedies im longer remain among those oi
 doubtful utility; they Irave passed from tin- inle ot
 experiment, ami now stand Inglier in reputation,and
 are becoming more extensively used than all otliei
 articles of die kind. (Michigan City New
 HO MALI HAH NUT BEEN TULI&gt;.
 Fox Rty r K, June 12, ’l*.
 Jlr: &lt;t,o* x Ih-ar Mir: Please semi by die I arm
 er a new supply of your Horse Medicines. Thrv
 are the best articles of da; kind Unit I liave en,
 used, never Itaving lieen disappointed m tlieir erten
 as I have been in the use ot odier, even tiie m«»i
 relebraleif Ointments, Liniments, Lc., &lt;4 tiie dat
 1 like very lunch this feature in them, vu: tlwl lire,
 do all that i* promised, ami iijsin a thorough trial,
 one is constrained to add tlial Imll has not l#*rn
 o.ld Respectful I*,
 M IM DI.F.t
 tto nortnr set,.
 Tlte oidinaiv *JuilmrnO and l.inimeats, it is weil
 known, arc severe ami partial in tlieir npmtiwi
 Sloan's Ointment i» Mild, yil tlenmigh— tl rewrites
 ami remove* tiie raitse. hrmi it gives real ami pei
 Dnimit relief.
 Fi»r jrfirity, nttklness, safety, certainly, and tltoi*
 ■Highness, Siam's Ointment excel#, ami is lapulU
 superseding all Other Will went# am! liniment* m&gt;w
 in tt#e 11
 GOOD NEW#,
 Chicago, Jan. Htb, DM*
 M 11. Ml.ovv—Hir Out id my Usuriuu lss.t
 Isiorel ami also wounded tn the stifle, in which lie
 took cold, ami became so crippled tltat lie could
 scarcely travel. Bs tie free application of yum
 vaktal Mr. Ointwetit, f»r« hoofs were ov.n softened:u..'
 the »tifle permanently rttrtd.
 m I have '4bo uaed the Ointment in tiie ra«e of Poll
 Evil ami &lt;*n severe galls with erjusl success.
 On a mashed huger that w.u&gt; verv p-unlnl it op
 scared like a charm i &lt;air», lie,
 A VAN ORDFN
 i.xrrAOtsuiNAKV cr*i.
 Four oiiles north of f Aiieago, (oo tou*l t*&lt;
 M dw.uk n-,)Cookco., lit April 13, ’Mb S
 Mn Sloan —JW Av One of rev horse* had
 large famv Tumor oa hi* breast lame, irmoediat*!*
 wirier the collar, which tamed him and readt-eon
 service* '4 ierv little value. 1 fanhfaHy rty”
 several huttl*. of l&gt;r Taylor’s S'"* _
 Liniment, writhoui the least henetm pr
 cured Wilder’. Celebrated '.lid
 «~d that -td I bcow .-My
 nerer relieve the 1 Vurnliy. I
 wvtf retie Ointment, ami in iem

 liimpf**"* EDWARD ARMSTRONG,
 iilUTirV!^ 6 t*T*UM9XC*.
 From every pmt of the rwmtry where HUw*
 Oitrtsarin amt Cesiitse Powrmr have been
 H-rodared, the proprietor has received the ra**.
 tnitfuM latchigeare of their remarkable effort and
 In a mohitade of rastaore., they hate
 w«r rlieeaseo which hod bnAod the akdi
 of Celebrated Farricn, amt woo* coaeulrred news
 bl«. These mndicinaa are rapidly user sad mg &gt;1!
 oeK* remedies a am in am, for dmeooed harms and
 rattle.
"
