"FREDERICK DOUOUSS, Fmro*
VOL 11. NO. *29.
ihe NORTH NT R k imbllvbed even
 t liddV, at No. *25, Huflalo street,
 (OpfMitt thr A v i‘l'
 TERMS
 uoh.&lt;r« p*r Annum, .n/usaj N.»
 ifjUoa uit) I** nw*i*ivf*ii l.*t i f ,n ihau
 UKHltllf.
 Adverti* «.&gt;t ■•vcrr Slll4 M*« ItlX'* iiwene*!!
 !nfc« line* for on- dollar; rim nuty*t*n&lt;wu«
 mil*
 I'h t &lt;it,,«*.’! of it»* Nok rn SnK will l»* to attack 1
 'i. »1I: ky in •*i &gt;i» Firm* an.l 1 *4»»-• -1- advocate
 t .p i 1101 biuii ii'iii.n t-xali iti«* Maiat.il.l
 HI I- V! Kil.il V |H o.Ootc ill** mor.il anil Hi-]
 :,itl impiovcinc.it itic rontKiti I’rom
 t»,l- u titc ,i«v nt I'KKKIM *M to iin* Tll kl. a
 vtii 1 tow .1 ir I'v.i nil, Km i.im Cotta*!
 n\	M
 pi ill ISMKICS NOTICES.
 y- .-in itmn&lt; rcliiiing to iltp btutnm
 it,- Home* ot ,-nbwi ilier*, reimt
 .1. n.l i«&gt; I.i.licr*eit to John UltK,
 t 1 e!* ct
 f.ci t-, an.l ..it oiltct- cit.li 14 name*, arc
 to l«* accurate, mi l tin- l‘;vt Offi",
 l and the V &lt;u. Kai li Suh-onlwr is itn-i
 tli i ncii credited lot irioiicv teceived.
 &gt;iy person -.ending .11 tin; pavtnent lor lour 1
 si .iiic-rs, to ic los war.le.i to one .Address, may
 li lie til'll, nijn J,| vai.
 \!l letter* ati»l i-otnumtiicatit'iM* "''‘"l |»os»t
 Mil.
 CIS I 111 AGENT?*.
 M.tttn moms.—K. K. Walrmt, 21, V-’orwhill,'
 Boston; Notli.tn j .llii-.,n, New Bedford, Horatio W
 I*u,lei. l.oivell; Joiiic-i V Boffum, l.vriti; George
 Kva.i*. W ore*-ter Itourne Spooner. Plymouth; 1
 Charles H. Seth, Springfield D.tv 1 f Ilngglc*,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, I pton
 Mai&gt;i .—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 t.RMovr. —ILnvDitd T. Robinson, Non It ter
 -1 i-bnrg.
 F t Ttni. —J.mat nan Leonard, New Haven
 \fw H v itPSHiRt —Weare Tupp.iu, Bradford. i
 \r vv York.—Sydney H. tint, 142, Nassau
 -treet; Jnines M.('tine Smith, U 3, e-t Broadway;
 Joseph Post. \\estbnrv, Gneeo Cotmtv Mary Har
 p,-r, Albany; Him' Dotv, .Maredou; illetn Reese,
 |Vru, Clinton Counts William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 I. F. I*l. itt, I’emi 4an; J. Jeffrey. Geneva ;K. 1,.
 I’lalt, Rath.
 Rhoui: 15t. .1 si). —Ainarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pf.sssv I.v*&gt; 1 a.-—J. M. M’Kim, 3l, North Fifth
 *'ire&lt;l, Philsidelphiii; (i. W. Goines, w Lxelta.ige
 Place, Ditto; 15. lion 11,Pittsburgh; Wtn. \Vliip|ier.
 Columbia Isaac Roberts, Jacob 1.. PstXoii, N'ol fie
 in wit, M jntgonu rv County, Milo A. lownsend,
 XI r» Brighton.
 Onto.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinna|i; Mat
 son and Caines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Hai
 veysborgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michig an.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
 THK IMAGE OF GOl) FT IN
 EBONY.
 [continued. J
 Forgive me, brethren if u fervent
 hone and desire that you may not, ss a
 community, he found wanting here,
 Jkould give some appearance of anxie
 ty on thi a point, to the suggestions
 which I now venture to lay before you.
 The limits which necessity compels me
 to prescribe to these pages, will allow
 of only a brief survey of three distinct 1
 views of our duty and responsibility, j j
 as a free colored population; one ts,
 Self-elevation. The second, u firm,
 steady adherence to anti-slavery ad
 vocates. The third, a due considera-j
 lion of the influence which you ought. j
 to exercise with slaves, as opportunity
 offers. j
 With respect to self-elevation, you
 will agree with us. in deeming it at
 tained, by the culture of inward lofty
 sentiments* giving a pure and good as-
 pect to hourly actions, rather than as;
 appertaining to any outward condition
 whatever. Our nature um\ he elevated, j
 though “our calling may he low,”
 and a pure well-conditioned mind in j
 man whether he be lngb or low, rich
 or poor, black or white, e* his best I
 measure, as it is Ood s best work.
 Fvery human being is an improvable
 creature, since every human being is 1
 endowed bv our common parent, with
 the capacity til' “conscientious reflec- 1
 *lion, and with a self-searching power. ”l
 This ‘honourable mark, set alike upon
 ns all,” should knit together all man-I
 kind in respect for their common na
 ture, since it is this very power which!
 enables us to act with deliberation and
 forecast, and to determine “solemnly!
 and resolutely, to make the most and
 the best of the ability which Piod hasj
 bestowed upon us. Happily the at-1
 tainment of this self-searching and,
 self-forming power, does not depend
 upon external circumstances; though,!
 undoubtedly, the disposition ot these,j
 may often aid in its development. Hie;
 mind which has in it the seeds ot wis
 dom and piety, and many sucit there'
 are in the abodes of poverty, pain,!
 and okscuritv, can send its aspirations
 lo heaven, while the body which it in
 habits is hound down to the drudgery
 of earth. “Poems, and systems ot
 Theology and Philosophy, which have
 excited attention in. the world, have,
 been wrought at the work-bench, and I
 amidst the toils of the held.” You
 will allow that true self-elevation, is!
 something wholly separate from the
 spirit of self-sufliciency. It must be
 founded on unaffected humility and on a
 deep consciousness ot weakness and
 imperfection, which continually re-]
 quires fresh accession of knowledge 1
 and strength from that source where;
 alone they aie to he found. Self-ele-J
 vation also, stands directly opposed to|
 self-righteousness. It cannot indeed
 be begun without a high sense of the
 moral dignity of out nature; but it
 cannot] be earned un and matured,
 without a modest tear ot lapsing from
 this dignity. Tins tear will prompt tOj
 prayer, to watchfulness, and to inward
 conflicts w ith those elements that war
 against the soul.’ To these conflicts
 all men, whether high or low, r i c 4 or
 poor, black or white, are summoned,
 and for these conflicts a!l men are
 more or less prepared, by the ideas of,
 God, ofChnsf, and of duly. Fellow-
 Christian, you have long beheld vour
 lallow-citize is biassed by an unholy
 prejudice against you, and have sorely
 tell its chilling influence It opposes
 barriers to that outward elevation which
 doubtless of value in its place, and
 winch ought to be as accessible to you j
THE NORTH STAR.
as to vour neighbours. But do not
 despair, “malica’ has, it istrue. “long
 been busy with her tares;” but bene
 volence is now busy in separating them
 from the wheat Her task may. be
 tedious, but in tune it will be accom
 plished. She calls upon you to assisi
 her. She exhorts you to “silence tin
 tongue” and stay the hand of nialict
 “by a blameless hie She woult
 have you stand forth tn tine eye ol tilt
 world, which is beginning to do soim
 reverence to poor insulted Africa, a
 her worthy, her high representatives
 Disappoint not our friends either or
 this side of the Atlantic, or on that
 Forfeit not your own self respect. Be
 individually anxious to become indus
 trious in vour habits, virtuou- in your
 actions, and self-governed in vr-v
 thoughts, and you wi*! ahortl&gt; ivy
 ed upon collectively, as an improving,
 well-ordered population, moving on
 equally with others, in intellectual,
 inoral and social progress. The inter
 est which 1 feel in your making this
 progress, naturally leads me to an
 enumeration of some few plain duties,
 the calm, thoughtful discharge of
 which, tends to the highest elevation
 of tin* human character, and it is a
 gratification to me to avow in this place
 an honest conviction that those whom
 1 am now addressing are as capable as
 we ;»e, of attaining to this elevation.
 You must not expect to learn anything
 new by going over this ground with
 me; but all classes of men whether
 high or low, rich or poor, colored or
 white, require “line upon line, and
 precept upon precept,” to keep them
 in a state of progression. It is no
 part of the object now in uew to
 speak individually; but if it were, no
 one could affirm more truly than my
 self. that this has been found to lie
 home truth. Let me proceed first, to
 urge it upon you, to make a good
 choice in the few books that time,
 spared from your daily occupations,
 may allow you to read. I need not
 say, that a very few verses in the
 New Testament, descriptive of the ac
 tions and teachings of our common
 Lord, if dwelt upon devoutly in the
 memory, would make a strong, inter
 esting. deep, and beneficial impression;
 and would prore of more real service
 to the heart and mind, than much
 more extensive reading if pursued
 without the love of Scripture. Many a
 wise thought" “garner up 1-
 from the Proverbs of Solomon, and
 many a higfi and reverential conception
 of God from the Psalms, and other
 portions of the Old Testament. But 1
 must be brie£ It is enough .to s«y,
 that, if you Tiave “pafateJP that can
 taste the immorthl frtut” of the gospel*;
 you will not, in the choice ot other
 books, err either much or long. Those j
 which you find doing you harm, you:
 will put away; and those which do;
 you good, you will open again, and
 again, and again. Never be troubled
 that you have not time to read much.
 If you devote only ten minutes every
 day to one good book, and experience
 a pleas ire in doing this, be satisfied.
 You are intellectually progressing.
 With respect to your choice of triends,
 be as careful as in that of your books.]
 Your national character is eminently
 social and affectionate, (great heaven,
 how does this enhance the cruelty of
 the fiendish practice of separating
 African families,) but be on vour,
 guard, lest this temperament should be
 a snare to you, as it has been to many
 other men." A young man may be
 very agreeable to you in his manners,
 but very impure in his conduct. Look
 at his actions rather than at his man
 ners. Is he one that will hear know
 ing' Is he perfectly fair dealing is
 he a good sou? 1 is he a kind brother.'
 is he self-governed in his appetites and
 passions? if not, if he is a youth of
 corrupt character, remember that
 “want of decency is want of sense,"
 and have nothing to do with him as a
 friend. Seek the companionship of
 those whose proficiency in whatever
 is of good “repoit,” is greater than
 your own, and whose example and
 conversation may benefit and strengthen
 you. If a man is honest, and will
 neither flatter you or any one, attach
 yourself to him; you may do it safely,
 though you may perhaps occasionally
 have to pardon his bluntness, lor the
 sake of his fidelity Observe this rule
 in your choice of friends, and be satis
 fied that you are morally progressing.
 Have you a family? Be mainly
 solicitous to set them an example of
 truth, integrity, and kindness. A
 child soon learns to love and hate what
 its parents do. If you denounce ini
 quity, practice virtue, and acquire
 knowledge, he will. But if your mind
 lies fallow, if your moral standard be
 low, so in all probability, will his be.
 Yet while you remember what a teach
 able creature a child is, forget not that
 its sudden passions and stubborn hum
 ours often sorely try the patience of
 the teacher. Be then patient, ye fath
 ere, mothers, and instructors. Win
 the child over to good by a firm gentle
 ness, and ever place the highest mo
 tive to action before its mind. Sav to
 it, “do this, because it is right to do
 it, not because you expect to be praig
 ed; it may cost you something, you
 mav have to give up »onit little present
 pleasure to do this; yet, when it is
 done, you will be approved by your
 Heavenly Father, you will be ’btill
 dearer to ine, and still happier m &gt;our
 self. You will have taken the first
 step, towards being a man.” Imperfect
 as this our line of parental duly is, if it
 should be allowed to serve any one as
 a faithful remembrancer of a
 parent’s office, the writer will be grati
 fied and rewarded.
 Again, let the voice of a friend lar
 “way, (and a firmer friend than the
 writer vou have not, though vou have
RIGHT IS OK NO BEX—TRUTH 18 OF NO IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE RRFTHRF.N
man\ more* efficient, recommend to
 you the expediency, or rather the
 moral dutv, of uniting your efforts to
 the support and extension of the great
 reformatory movement* ot the days of
 slavery we will speak presently, but in
 the meantime, we would glance at the
 Peacn and Temperance question. Take
 i a inank, decided, public position on
 1 the**? subjects. Offer to join your
 fellow-citizens as supporters of anti
 !j war ami anti-intemperance principles,
 i and if vour offers are rejected with the
 i scorn of pride, or w ith the coldness of
 indifference, proclaim fearlessly the
 Bible truth, that G *d ha* made of “one
 blood all nations of men to dwell upon
 all the face of the earth; and assert
 that those who practically deny this
 ♦’••’♦K had better tbrm a new league
 designated expressly
 *t&gt;v the title of the “Anti-Universal-
 Brotherhood Movement." Forgive
 this passing sarcasm, which accords
 hut ill with the lesson of forbearance,
 which I have been attempting to en
 force. It is indeed ‘’easier to leach
 twenty to do well, than to he one of the
 twenty to do our own bidding. No,
 my friends; proclaim that you share
 with us the capability, and a grand
 capability it is, of knowing, loving,
 and serving God: that you have the
 same capacity that we have, of under
 standing the gospel scheme of redemp
 tion, and of being influenced by the
 invigorating hope and Divine promise
 of a blessed immortality: and that you
 too have the same stamina of moral
 fprtitude which is necessary to build
 us up as Christian householders, regu
 lating our da ly conduct by the truest
 wisdom, and bringing up a family in
 “the nurture and admonition of the
 Lord.” Upon these common hut sacred
 gifts, found the plea for mutual affec
 tion and fellowship, and where it is re
 jected, there let your moral nature!
 show its best. Prove that whoever!
 does not understand the spirit of the
 New Testament, you do. While you;
 are “men in understanding, he children
 !in malice.” remembering tiiat the'
 “last best fruit that comes to perfec
 tion" while we are here below, is
 Christian politeness towards the rude,;
 unwearied patience towards the over
 bearing, and« well ordered gentleness;
 towards the violent. Here again we'
 might say, that it is hard to do “one’s;
 own bidding;’ but joyfully would the
 writer see it dons by you, in order
 that the*World might perceive that the
 sons of Africa, when rescued from the
 deadfy influence of slavery, can afford!
 us types not only of good, but of the,
 best men.
 Secondly.—-J-&lt;et me solicit“your at
 tention to what appears to be a most'
 important duty on your part, w hich is,
 a faithful aiherence to tlie enemies of
 pro-slavery principles and practice.
 You will not expect me to enter into!
 the of the respective merits
 of parties in America, widely dissent
 ing from each other, but all professing!
 abolitionism. Space would not allow!
 of this, and even if it would, incorn- 1
 pleteness of knowledge might tender
 it desirable to abstain from dwelling
 upon the subject. It is enough for my
 present purpose to know (and in
 knowing it, I rejoice that the question
 of slavery “turns up everywhere.”
 This is as it should be. Not a corner
 of the whole continent should slumber
 here, for such slumber would betoken!
 spiritual death. Kvery intelligent;
 i child, whether colored or white, should
 |be aware that the crisis is fast airiv-i
 ing, when these three propositions will;
 jbe made to the people of the United!
 States, out of which they must take,
 their choice.—Either take your place
 hv the unlettered heathen, and continue
 slavery; or by the Jewish lawgiver,
 j and bring hack servitude; or by Jesus,;
 the Christ, and proclaim Freedom.
 We do not ask you, my friends, to
 make the choice, for we feel that it!
 must be already made. You, we hope,
 would, without detecting one Judas in
 i vour whole body, proclaim freedom.
 If any people ever were emphatically
 called upon to act, you are. If ever!
 there was a great occasion for acting,
 this is one. If ever there was a
 sincere wish uttered, it is that your
 mode ot' action may he great as the

 occasion. While you have hearts to j
 feel, or pens to write, or tongues to
 speak, or headsto think, may you think,
 and speak, and write of Slavery; but
 in doing this, may it be your aim to!
 execute the difficult, hut nuble task, of
 j combining vigor with calmness, de-i
 cision with forbearance, and rectitude;
 with charity
 But to the point proposed, namely,
 a brief consideration ot the duty de
 volving upon you, ot supporting the
 zealous advocates of anti-slavery prin-!
 ciple* The most obvious and efficient l
 manner ot effecting tms purpose is, bv
 the constant encouragement of anti
 slaverv newspapers, and other publi-!
 cations of the same character, and
 more particularly by uuwaveiing sup-
 port given to those papers edited by
 colored gentlemen. That those should
 fail, not through their own dement, but
 through your unfaithfulness to} the
 cause vghich they advocate, would re
 fleet that dishonour upon von, from
 which we trust that you will ever
 1 keep yourselves unspotted. I have 1
 been rejoiced to hear, that there are'
 several papers edited by men of con-j
 siderabic talent, from among your-j
 selves, and thousands join you heart
 and hand, in wishing them abundant
 l i honour and succes* in their {editorial
 1 labours. By keeping up your alien-'
 tion to these, and to alt anti-slavery
 1 journals, you will contribute largely
 towards keeping up agitation on that l
 i question, which ought to be, and which,
 r thank God, i», the question in your;
 s laud. While a single man is chained, j
 i while a single woman w flogged, while]
ROCHESTER. N. Y., FRIDAY. JULY 13. 1849.
)f a single infant is sold, nsver let thf
 agitation on slavery drop, never, never,
 never! You are not bound to approve
 t of all that anti-slavery editors say, bul
 t you are bound, as far as time allows,
 i to know what they do say. You are
 not bound to subscribe to all the inea
 sures of the abolitionists, but you are
 i bound to know what these measures
 r are. It would be unreasonable toj ex
 pect jierfection, either in the matter or
 spirit of their articles, and, indeed,
 sensible and earnest writers would far
 t rather have a tree and judicious crit
 ieism passed upon their productions,
 i than that their readers should be of
 i that class which would devour the
 "total grist unsifted, husks fand all.”
 i By constantly receiving and reading
 the papers, that new journals
 on this topic started up in new places
 every week.) you would soon be com
 pletely “up to the watchword,” which
 i with you, to a man, should be—Eman
 cipation. You may not need this
 friendly exhortation, either from power
 i: lul advocates, or from the more hum
 ble one who now addresses you; and,
 it not needed. I pray your excuse for
 having troubled you with it; then will
 you agree with me in thinking, that
 if there is truth at all in the expres
 sion, tliai ‘'Nature has attached a
 curse to a pause,”' it is true, most true,
 in tlie case of the Freedom movement.
 A pause might be its death; give it,
 then, only “breathing time, and to it
 again.” You believe, you feel, you
 know, that your pursuit is an honour
 able one. Prosecute it w ith consisten
 cy, steadiness, and vigour. If you
 cannot at present be exalted in your
 position in society, you may be exalted
 in your thoughts; you may manifest
 j one characteristic of a great mind,
 which is, being true to a great idea.
 Let that idea be—Emancipation.
 But here, how necessary is it for you
 to remember Our Saviour's command,
 fto be “wise as serpents, but harmless
 las doves.” Show not such distrust ol
 a holy cause, as to tarnish your pro-!
 motion of it, by the use of unholy
 means. Strenuously oppose every
 species of physical violence, and have;
 j magnanimity and candour enough, to
 attribute good motives to those who
 profess abolikionism, but who yet do
 not at present take so decided a part
 in this vital question, as would be ac
 cording to your sense oj” what is right.
 Every anti-slavery sentiment, even 'if
 iitbe of u feeble character, tends
 render slave-holding disreputable,
 this is a grand point. When the slave
 holders perceive that, as.a body, they
 are dally getting into bgd odour, with
 the reflecting and the just- rest assured
 that, as a body, a few, all praise bn to
 them, are doing this,) they will exert
 themselves to devise means tor elevat
 ing the position of their slaves into
 that of free labourers; and rest assured
 also, that, as in this case as well as in
 every other, where the will is there is
 the way, it will not be long before the
 slaveholders, together with you, will
 shout—Emancipation.
 (To fa continued.)
 C.h re.ipondence of the Americau'Statesinau.
 TIIE NATIONAL DOMAIN.
 Washington, May 4, 1?&lt;49.
 There is one branch of human ac
 tivity here that rarely falters or flags.
 I refer to the infernal business of
 trafficking in men and women, hotly and
 soul. East Monday week,there arrived
 in the morning train from Baltimore,
 from thirty to forty persons, who had
 been brought up in Maryland, lor the
 Southern market, by the hyenas ot our
 dishonored race, who lend themselves
 to that abhorred occupation. Seven or
 ten years ago they would have been
 driven in their irons up the great Fed
 eral Av enue to Seventh-street and then
 wheeled through that street to Willi-i
 a in's pen. Now they were quietly j
 put into seven hacks and carried over
 there. This company was chiefly made j
 up of young men and women the sons j
 and daughters, the brothers and sisters
 of somebody! Last Monday an omni
 bus crowded with a similar group of
 persons, came by the way of George
 town, through the upper ward of the
 citv crossing over on to a somewhat re
 tired street that passes the south tront
 of the President’s house —sometimes
 called the back of it and made its way
 tooneof the pens—Williams I pre
 suine. As far as my information ex
 tends. this company was picked up in
 the vicinity of Leesburgh, \a. proba
 bly. On the same day and about the
 same hour a carry-all passed through
 the streets having a white wretch, as a
 driver.aud a sad looking colored woman
 with two children on the back seat.
 These too, were deposited in one of the
 pens, for tranportation to Richmond,
 and ’eventually to the far South. A
 week a»o to day, a stout, noble looking
 vouug man was brought into the city in
 handcuffs, by a rascal, who prowls
 about the upper part ot Maryland, as a
 broker for the slave traders. Shall I
 proceed? Good God’ have we not al
 ready reached high noon of the nine
 teenth Christian century- Has not
 chattlehood been revolutionized out of
 Europe lor a long time, and proscribed
 1 by all governments there' Has not the
 Bey of Tunis abolished it »n his juris
 diction for the “glory ot humanity
 as he says? Has not the Imperial Turk,
 too, suppressed the slave markets: Bul
 here we are.Republwan*—LcinrnocraUi
 up to the chin, with slave kennels under
 our noses, with slave breeders and tra
 ders unhung all around us, with an ex
 ecutive steeped to the lips in the pollu
 tion of slavery, and ready to forecast
 Ito his utmost tor its extension and per
 petuity! “How long, O Lord how
 long!” When shall the end be? L*t
 ithe generous hearts of the North fix
 I the day, pass the decree and abide by
it! There will not be wanting num
 bers here to exult in a consumuiatioi
 so “devoutly to be wished.”
 However jagged the surface of so
 i ciet v may look .there is one source ot un
 -failing satisfaction. Eternal justice wil
 have its course He, who will no
 yield to its fair claims, shall either nov
 or hereafter endure its penalties. It is
 the very stuff upon which the throne o
 the Universe stands fast. To set asid«
 its demands, or postpone the rigor of it!
 i exactions when violated, is a thing im
 possible. It is the most worthy o
 thought and observation, what widely
 different results will ultimately b&lt;
 reached,by a State or community,by the
 embodying of justice, in four lines ot i
 statute, or the omission to do so. For
 example look at Maryland. A wit!
 ering, shrivelled shell of a State—with
 out developement, without enterprise,
 i without popular intelligence or energy,
 without people in short. Her lands
 lying in the wild, unreclaimed state, or,
 if otherwise, exhausted, w orn out and
 I valueless, a heavy debt and taxation
 upon her, without the magnanimity to
 incline her, even at this late hour to
 do justly by her poor laboring people,
 what can she do but perish? She has
 robbed her laborers of their wages and
 now writhes under the penalty of vio
 lated justice. There is no escape for
 her, except only in a return to right and
 duty. Let us see a little how the ac
 count stands. Take Seventh-street in
 this city, pursue very nearly a North
 course, and fifty-five or fifty seven
 miles will bring you to the line of Penn
 sylvania. For the first twenty miles
 you pass a country rather inclined to
 level, though in many places undulat
 ing, and lying now in wide-spread,
 worn-out or neglected old fields. A
 bused and sorrowing nature cries out,
 through every rood of the soil, against
 the ruthless wretches, who trample
 down her laws, by the blood stained ex
 actions of oppression. Id passing the
 rest of the way the surface becomes
 beautifully rolling; the fresher and less
 exhausted by bad usage. For all in
 the upper part of Maryland is naturally
 aline country —picturesque—u quick,
 susceptible soil, if not particularly
 strong and enduring. The fanning
 purposes, arc all on the side of this
 section of Maryland, over New Eng
 land. With an abundant supply of
 fine wat£r courses, a soil well adapted
 tq making good and cheap roads, or an
 exhaustless stock of timber, just eight
 for the construction of plank roads,
 this whole section can qlways coks
 inand a high market either at Washing
 ton or Baltiniore, within twenty to thir
 ty
 With every reasonable, natural ad
 vantage on their side what is the pres
 ent condition of things among this peo
 ple. In the first place they have no
 roads, that are regularly made and
 kept in repair. They are just what is
 passing over them good, had, or indiff
 erent. There are in fifty-two miles dis
 tance, only three little structures visi
 ble, apparently intended for public
 worship, excepting in a village to be
 mentioned directly. There are no
 more than three small school-houses to
 be seen all the way with the above e.v-
 I ception. With the exception of one
 flock of cows in a barn-yard, there is
 not a well-bred, respectable looking ox
 ,or cow, to be seen for forty miles.
 Their heads, horns, hoofs and tails con
 stitute by far the heaviest quarter of
 these degenerated animals. Scarcely
 any sheep are to be seen. Poor, halt
 ing old horses, from two to six on each
 place, make up the principal part of the
 stock. The sharp-nosed, shad-shaped
 dirty black and white pigs, per
 haps ought not to be forgotten, in the
 j inventory of “goods and effects.”
 But a single fact—the price of land
 tel s the whole story. On the road,
 within twenty miles of the city, one of
 the highest markets in the country,lands
 are sold from two to seven dollars an
 acre. A body of eleven hundred acres,
 fifteen miles only from ashing ton,
 was sold only a few weeks since for two
 I thousand dollars! That was rather low
 —the w'ood was chiefly cut off. All on
 further, where the soil is fresher and
 less worn, the better sort of farms are
 sold at ten and twelve dollars an acre
 including buildings, which are often
 newish and respectable, and all within
 twenty five miles ot Baltimore. In this
 distance there is but one single village
 Westminister, the shire town of
 Carroll county. In that there are two
 or three small churches and one school
 house. I must stop.
 But let me ask a single qustiou if
 Maryland at the outset had simply in
 four lines, declared all her people “free
 and equal,” in the eye of the law. does
 anv mortal roan suppose she would
 now* be one whit behind Massachusetts,
 in w hat goes to make up the substantial
 elements of greatness, prosperity,
 yrowth, development Injustice rank
 and foul is her crime. The penalty is
 upon her. Let others be warned in
 “time! save the already free from the
 blight and ruin of slavery.
 Frum the Liberator
 JAMES K. POLK.
 Wm. Lloyd Garrisox, Esq
 Sir —Happening, by accident,-to
 glance over your contemptible sheet, I
 found, among the editorial matter, a
 j base calumny upon our late lamented
 Ex-President Polk. To you, sir, as
 ij editor of C.£ paper, belongs the credit
 ■j of that article. I suppose (and your
 sentiments guarantee such a aupposi
 tton you to be a man of narrow mmd,
 .’little soul, and no heart;—a man pos
 t sessed of qualities heretofore allotted
 only to the lowest order of the canine
 r race. 1 will not enter into an elaborate
 t argument to prove the falser of your
 t statement. Ail honest men, whatever
 may be their political prejudices, join
in praise of Mr. Poik’s many extraor
 dinary virtues, and lamentations lor his
 sudden and untimely decea-se His
 administration was the most important
 and successful one in our country’s
 era; which the condition of the coun
 try will attest. I would advise you,
 sir, to seek a refuge m some remote
 corner, or to hide your head in a sack,
 protected from the gaze of an indig
 nant people; for the aigj.t of your con
 temptible visuge might lead them to
 that which, 1 will admit, would be
 rather ungentlemanlv in them, and ex
 ceedingly unpleasant in you. 'dill.
 I am inclined to think, were I in Bos
 ton, I should apply the lash, instead ot
 the pen; or, perhaps, prepare you a
 suit which would, at once, class you
 among ‘the feathered tribe.’
 I remain, Sir, with feelings of indig
 nation. to the end of life,
 V our constant enemy,
 J G. Gibson, Jr.
 |CF The penmanship of Jas. G.
 Gibson, Jr.,’ is uncommonly legible
 and bold; he pays his postage, and
 this is to his credit as our constant
 enemy’; and he states pretty bluntly
 and without equivocation what he feels,
 and thus indicates a quality of direct
 ness in hrs composition that we very
 highly appreciate. Deliver us from
 all cant and circumlocution' To be
 sure, we have no fancy for tiie spirit of
 ruffianism, or the dialect of Billings
 gate; still, he is not the worst man in
 the world, who gives full utterance to
 Ins sentiments, even though they may
 be despicable and brutal in tho ex
 treme.
 Mr. Gibson is intensely indignant at
 out- estimate of the character and ca
 reer of the late James K. Polk. There
 is nothing in his epistle to induce us to
 alter or modify that estimate, but very
 much to confirm it. Who or what he
 is, we do not know, aside from the lone
 of his letter; but when he talks of ap
 plying the lash, and a coat of tar and
 feathers, it plainly enough evinces
 intimate connection or acquaintance
 with the slave-drivers of the South, and
 tiiat he is just the one to be the eulo
 gist of .lames K. Polk, the enslaver of
 his fellow-creatures, the dealer in hu
 man flesh, the v iolator of the Constitu
 tion, and the invader of Mexico tor the
 express purpose of enlarging the do
 minions of the Slave Power, whose
 memory with the wicked shall rot.—
 Ed. Lib.

 BLACKS IN BRAZIL.
 Of the seven millions comprising the
 entire population of Brazil, three mil
 lions are estimated to be negro slaves;
 two and a half millions aboriginal In
 dians and free neg; resi
 due, a million and a hun, wnuts. The
 social state of the population is not
 marked by the distinction of color, so
 operative elsewhere in the production
 of classes, but only by that of freedom
 and servitude. The blacks have ac
 cess to all, and are in possession of
 many offices of honor and trust, and
 engage in every department of busi
 ness. The white race and the black
 meet on terms of equal equality in so
 cial intercourse, and intermarry with
 out scruple, provided there exists no
 obstacle in the relative position in life
 of the respective parties. A writer in
 the North American Review knew ‘the
 wife of an admiral, whose hue was the
 darkest among Afric’s daughters,’ and
 mentions the dismay of an American
 diplomatic agent, at the entrance of a
 venerable jet black colonel into the
 court, where he had just undergone his
 presentation.’ We have the same au
 thority for the fact, that not long since
 the Brazilian ambassador to England
 vjas a mulatto, and iliat at the present
 time, a large majority of the army, us
 well as privates, is of African
 Jour. Com.
 WINTER IN SPITSBERGEN.
 The single night ot this dreadful
 country begins about the JOth of Octo
 ber; the sun then sets, and never ap
 pears until the 10th of February. A
 glimmering indeed continues some days
 after the setting of the gun; then suc
 ceed clouds and thick darkness, broken
 by the light of the moon, which is as
 luminous as in England, and during the
 long night shines with unfading lustre.
 The cold strengthens with the new
 year, and the sun i» ushered in with
 an unusual severity of fro.-&gt;t. By the
 middle of March, the cheerful light
 grows strong. Arctic foxes leave their
 holes, and the sea-fowl resort in great
 numbers to their brooding places. The
 sun sets no more after the 1 Ith of May
 I the distinction of day and night is then
 lost. In the height of summer, the
 sun has heat enough to melt the tar on
 the decks of ships; but from August its
 power declines—it sets fast \ftertbe
 middle of September, day is hardly
 distinguishable, and by the end of Oc
 tober, takes a long farewell of this
 country. The earth becomes frozen,
 and winter reigns triumphant
 Ftoin Li*erp«jot Mrrr«n t
 CRIME AND P!NI*!!Mr:!ST IN
 ENGLAND.
 It may, perhaps, be regarded as ra
 ther a fortunate circumstance, that Mr.
 Ewart did not succeed, when he last
 moved Parliament on the subject, in
 carrying hit proposition for the aboli
 tion of capital punishment. Sure we
 are, that, if such a measure had,
 twelve mouths ago, received the sanc
 tion ot the Legislature, a popular re
 action in favor of a return to a san
 guinary penal code, would have been
 the inevitable result of that ulmmung
 increase of murder in its moat aggra
 rated and atrocious forms, which the
 closing spring Assizes have j«** r
 livealedto the peblic eye. "Seethe
JOHN PlCk.
WHOLE NO.HI.
consequence*, it would have been
 said, o! a morbid phdauihropv Thie
 is your work, philosopher* of'perfect*
 bilitv* W ith the disappearance ot’ the
 gallons, bloody crime is rampant; and
 society lias no course hut to «*eek re
 tuge under the shelter of a I Draconian
 code
 it is, the criiumal calendar hap
 pens to teem specially with that class
 ot crime which alone, lot some veara
 past, it hns been tisuai to visit with
 death-punishment 'l'his tact might
 reasonably, we think, serve to restrain
 the note of triumph m which the ad
 versaries ol the humanitarian school”
 as jtenal law reformers are nicknamed,
 at present choose to indulge. The
 murders of the season, however, are,
 by some of our ingenious eotempor
 aries, dilated upon, with the view ol
 covering with shame and much confu
 sion, not only the philanthropists,”
 hut the friends of peace and retrench
 ment. W ith sueii examples before
 us,” says the .Vornmg Chrouicle, we
 may well refuse to accede to tiie sug
 gestion*; of tho«e who recommend us,
 in a fond reliance on the sagacity or
 the philanthropy of our neighbors, to
 throw away the defences of military
 strength, and in our transactions with
 foreign states, to have recourse to no
 sterner weapons than than those of ar
 gument and persuasion So that, on
 the reasoning of this moralist, we are
 to abandon all hopes of arbitration su
 perseding an appeal io arms in cases
 ol international difference, because the
 sensibilities ol society are occasionally
 shocked by the atrocities of which some
 monsters arc guilty. Admirable logi
 cian 1 If,” continues our contem
 porary, we are ever convinced of the
 reality ot such a reformation in the
 principles of human nature, as would
 induce us to disband our troops, and
 turn our spears into priming-hooks, it
 will at least not be until the sword of
 justice has fallen into disuse.”
 Financial reforms, accordingly, must
 hbolish the Old Hailey, before this
 cytic will entertain their demand for a
 reduction* of the army and navy. It
 would really seem as if our cotempor
 ary believed car to he the proper re
 medy fur uwrdtr, and large military
 armaments the moral influences by
 which society is to he regenerated.
 Our chiet objection to capital pun
 ishment and war—the latter being nei
 ther more nor less than punish
 ment on a national scale—is theigjten
 dency to familiarise the public mincf*
 with deeds of violence and {flood, 'com
 mitted under the sanction ot v legal au
 thority. In tbo superior deterrent effi
 cacy of capital punishments on the
 passions oT the* criminally-disposed
 classes, we do not believe. Hut even
 that consideration is beyond the ques
 tion. Nobody can doubt that if the
 fear ot death deters from crime, the
 fear of death by torture would still more
 deter Few, however, will advocate a
 return to the barbarous punishment* of
 our ancestors. And why? Simply be
 cause what we gained in preventive
 penal power, would be lost in the bru
 talizing influences which a resort lo
 such repressive means could not fail to
 exert on the general community. Our
 opponents, therefore, are constrained
 to confess, that terror is not the only
 element of punishment, and that a more
 enlarged expediency must regulate
 our views of the question. The sole
 difference between us and them is,
 that we draw the line sooner than they
 do. They stop only at death by tor
 ture; we stop at the simple deprivation
 of life. We are consecutive; they are
 inconsecutive W e hold morality to be
 the measure and limit of all punish
 ment; the only boundary they acknow
 ledge is the near expediency of its de
 terring effect on the criminal mind.
 Why, then, ot. their own principles,
 should even cruelty and torture be
 permitted to bar its operation*
 Some may deem if inopportune thus
 to meet the question of capital pun
 ishment at a time when public indig
 nation has been so naturally and justly
 excited by a series of atrocious murders
 altogether unparalleled in the aunaJs of
 modern crime. We think differently.
 It is never more necessary to keep prin
 ciple steadily in view than when passion
 tends to lead us astray, if the popular
 instinct that would prompt the multi
 tude to teat limb by limb the perpetrator
 of the I,eveson-»treet murders is to be
 trusted—it here we must recognize the
 V&lt;&gt;r !)ri ;n the t or Hopuli —why, then,
 there is an end of the question, and the
 legitimacy of the I*uttaltni* is at once
 established We would not, indeed
 wish to excluded from human na
 ture the impulsive resentment against
 a criminal which the thought of his
 crime ncccessarily arouses. Hut we
 would guard against these feelings
 being allowed to iwllueiice crim
 inal legislation. Such a result, in the
 present mood of the public mind is not
 improbable, and. therefore, it is that
 we enter our solemn protest against the
 atrocity of crime being supposed to leg*
 itimate the necessity of capital punish
 ment.
 There w as a singular problem among
 the Stoics, which ran to this purpose
 ‘When a man says, l I lie,’ does be
 or docs he not If he lies he speaks
 the truth; it he speaks the truth, he
 lie*.’ Many were the books written
 upon this wonderful problem. Cbrv sip
 pus favored the world with 110 less
 than six* «nd Fhiletus studied himself
 to death in h»s uiu endeavors to solve
 .it
 a vOJsrucsTios m* oisoEotM W bat
 1 did —-&lt;he of asked a simple neighbor. *Ol
 a coflspiicatioo of disorders, replied bis
 fue»d—' How ao you describe this com the*
 ties *He died,' answered tbs other, *ef
 two phy**eiafit, so apothecary, and s sut
 gtoo'
"
