"FKEcOiICK. POUGLA?S, Ki*;tok
VOL 11. NO. 30.
Tiie NORTH KTAII i- published every
 rn.lay, at Vo 'J Rnllalo Street,
 {('..pOMft tKf *‘l
 TERM'.
 T«-i&gt; i 1 'A"" y anr.’rno, &lt;tN •»f •i' f Vo
 *:o**irp; 4 u ,!l I* lor a I*?'* I* r;u than
 month''
 nt v\c»- 2im t**v* inwl»4
 I.N&gt;&lt;* nn.fr- -!l *r; r »t y ruS*p&gt;|ne*'t ti»*r
 l .on, 1 i .11
 1&lt; i) I .t d ittTii SI a y\ ill l*» l*i attack
 M.uut ii I it* f,rm j*. i aiivooaw*
 1 .hi; i r i raxtip a i i i\ ih«* si in.iat .i
 n i. Mol-. U iti |,i..... mural au.t in
 t, |.,i Vi i-nt'of tin* r-h-HI D I'l-11l F;
 ,f&gt;-d FRF.Kf»O\! m tin' Tniut
 M,i i. i o-.i I i»v *r- Kci.t.ow i -i .v
 i R i i
 pi r.i i-iiFt: noth r.s
 r .j- A ..mhimii .iiio r&lt;-b&gt;i:if i-&gt; ih&lt;* bminn
 ft, t 4 j. II -i II Inl-ll 1 at iI I I •■imt-
 I. .K&gt; -M .Mi« .1 lo J It I*l* K,
 y it in i ,'li i=■ *m ’.mo name*, an*
 1 i U- I- tit-1 tli- /‘of iitfitt,
 1.. oil i. V’ l.l Ii Sulio i O-i'i'i-im
 i&gt;. ci-ii.. 1l &gt;i .1, &gt;:iov l.*&lt;o-iv—i.
 .y Ai.v j-i i to. in tin* j. an nt for four
 i iitif-i i Irf- i.iis ii ii-.i i i on** uiliiress*, may
 I. ii til'll. .t ,i -v.
 T&gt;- A(i I ti-i in', lunt. o.i ition-' muit U* |m.-it
 cl i* I.
 1 1-1 OF At.r\T*
 lK*‘inii it ti-; it Walruit, I*l, Ooruliill,
 Ho'ton; Natkm J ill.i i.i, V- l’.'.iloi 1 ill 1.0
 I it, I .iiiv.lt; Jam.- N. Btilintti, I witi (tcoiie
 1 i V\ i.ii i*-ti&gt;r Itourtie Spoon**!', Plymouth,
 '11.u1.-M 11. &lt;i*t!i, S|.. i ~„&gt;ill'll! lt.iliU
 A tit amptou It. &lt;\uj i i.t-i, Upton.
 M MNK —'lliv-r I l-;nir*tl, Hot 1i.u.,1.
 i;BMo.tr. —itov.Liiti J Rolbiisvti, North Fei-
 I.
 isvrr Tii t r.—Jor.ntlnn N-u Ilovtii
 V¥iv Hi M I'sil IK 1 &lt;*.ir«* 1 tpiK.it, I’.in.il it I.
 Nt w V&lt;ikk Svliif. Ii Oiy, 112, .N.is-ut
 Stiio'i I nn. M; t’uiic S-iiitli, 93, \Vc-t Itroadviay
 J, |.li |V&gt; t, fsilmrv, Ou. &lt;*ri ..itntv Mary liar
 [,,r, Alt.in), Li. i- I Mi, Mi. .*.!..it: \V illctt.s
 p.: n, 'lint.-i I’.iiuitv William S. Ii lhinmre, Troy;
 I Platt, l’-i.ti lun; .1 J. !irt*y, Ltni va; K. L.
 Pi.ill. li.tlil.
 Kinuii Or.AMs—\in;iranrv I’aino. Piovi.lonrp.
 pi NS'- VI VASI A .—J M MMittll, ill, Vnt lit l lit It
 Su.ot, Piiila.l-ljiliia; O \V. (ioine*, I'v li.kui*
 Pla.-i', Ditto 1». I Sow it,P.ii -t mi-o Ii; Win. W liipjx f,
 l”&gt;.!• i:ul*i.« ;Fil U .Pert;, Jaroli 1,. Faxon, \orri-*
 town, Moiitgoiiiarv t'ouuty, .Milo A. 1 ovi
 V »*w Hri /lito.i,
 Ohio —l'hn ti aa Pain!-Don, (im inn'tli; M at
 poii an i &lt;iaim s, ililto; ati-nrnip IN-K'lioi.-ou, lii*i v
 veyshtiraU, Warren To.; Samuel Brook'*, Salem.
 ,\!i; HiO A K.. 0.11 P. t iko, D-troit.
 Indian a .—Joel P. I ».ia i-, l/ oiioniy, Wayne Co
Selections.
 THE IJIAOE Of’ CUD Cl*T IV
 i.nu.M.
 [CONCH LCD
 Do not confine yourselves to nntj
 slavery rending. 1 here are two side?
 to every quest ion. Read, therefore,
 the.. |&gt;faductiojisi of the pro-slavery
 preao. Ti»a of many of jts* articles
 is abusive and malignant to the highest j
 degree. Jhtos by these w ith a ininglpd
 feeling of pity and disgust, and fix your
 attention on the best that the best ol
 the partv can say. ou wall hoar
 much of the slaveltoldei s dislike to
 his own system, much of his was It to
 not rid of it; and to this languid har
 angue will be attached, in pompous
 array, a list of the “great dilficuhies
 which surround the ijuestion. 101 l
 them tli at these 5 1 1 i t c 11 1 1 1 ate over
 stated, and are not so much real as
 pretended that a mere didihe ot what
 ts wrong, is ipiiesecnt and inoperative;
 bit! that a iiuhieous aldtorrenee ot it
 wdJ be tip and doing; and that a
 wish to gel lid of a public sm is a
 feeble and miserable suh-titnle for an
 open, direct, and public dibit to do
 tin* You will read ol some kind mas
 ters. and some bappy slave*; id some
 female slave?? whose modeH vis res
 pected, whose master are self*govern- 1
 i*d Be d so. Tell them that you are
 rejoiced to bear, ati.t that you ate
 willing to belt* vc a bill t*'il l hern also,
 that our opinion i mu hang* abl«‘, and
 that it is tin*; that n.* man upon earth
 should be left to the i banco mercy ol
 another man. ami no woman breathing
 tu the chance virtue ot her master;
 t,»at while whips, and gig*, and thumb
 screws, and cow skms, are to be iound
 in the houses or plantations .it so many
 si ivelioldcr 9. x on may well be p,u&gt;
 i ie.l ibi douiiting their humanity as a
 i lass and that until those are every
 one oi liietu cne«l down, and until
 everv one ot the savage laws ot the
 slave i,lutes, i* repealed, you wall, with
 the detenium d energy ol a righteous
 »oul, ini Ihnancipatiou.
 Again von have heard it asserted
 that b is d illicit It to -ay when men’s
 opinions can b&gt; pronounced ‘Tm
 changealde. that they vary with the
 progress ot science, literature, poli
 tics, religion. They do so: ami the
 man who. on nr*v one of these topics,
 should declare his opinions to he abso
 lutely final, would manifest greater
 hardihood than modesty ot intellect.
 But faroiherwi.se is it with sin. Here
 our opinion ought to he, and is final.
 With the New Testament lying open
 before u-: with an enlightened con
 science ami a reflecting muni, we can
 feel no hesitation a- to what is sm, and
 uur opinion upon il should then he final
 ns the Word of t.,&gt;d itself. Slavery
 is sm, and sin*d' the deepest, blackest,
 d,c. It reeognisw.* no one human
 light It is lio.trheu in its spirit,
 heathen in its letter, heathen iu its
 operation, heathen in its inllueuce. Ye
 free coloied citizens of America' aid
 in removing this darkness from your
 country. Make slavciy your incessant
 theme. Make yoar minds, working
 maids; and if you would have your
 work such as would “look w»*il and
 wear well;” if you would have it suck
 as would smooth a dying pillow, and
 sustain a departing spirit; if you would
 have d such as, with an honest con
 science and a grateful heart you could
 idler nnlo the Lord God, let that work
 to*—Emancipation.
 Tnird and lastly,—Permit me to in
 trude upon vour consideration, a view
 ot the influence which you should ex-
 with slaves as opportunity offers.
 Opportunities oi intercourse with
 sU#en, 4ie. we «ojipoi?&lt;s RW I'M
THE NORTH STAR.
between.but this circumstance shoult
 only act as an incentive with parties
 to communicate the best influence vvher
 they do occur —Set out right wit!
 them. Do not exasperate their sense
 of personal w rongs, but give out one
 f or two simple, yet supporting truth?
 for them to “fall back upon’’ as afford
 ing relief lor the present, and solace
 for the future. —A on will instantly per
 ceive, that 1 allude, in the first place,
 to the duty of impressing them strongly
 with the conviction, that they are not
 less the children a merciful, who,
 v ing parentf^.‘h ♦&gt;*yon are: that
 -tHrorn the Lord loveth, He chastenelh;
 that He will one day bring out those
 that are “hound with chains,” and
 place the “solitary in families.” Speak
 to them of the sun of righteousness,
 Jet them know, that it is shining more
 and more deeply into the hearts of
 men, and setting in a far clemer light
 than it appeared a few years ago, the
 w ickedness of calling them the absolute
 property of their masters. Tell them
 tin*, vou ought to do so, t no man upon
 earth, or woman either, should he igno
 rant of the great truth, that he or she
 belongs to himself or herself, and that
 they have a right to their personal
 liberty, even if they choose wickedly
 to abuse it, by throwing themselves
 over the first precipice they came to
 but teach them at the same time, that
 there must be no violence to establish
 this right. Inspire them with an invig
 orating reliance in the goodness of their
 cause, and with gratitude for the efforts
 of those who are so zealously labour
 ing to promote its success. Let slaves
 be taught, that which all men ought to
 know that the principle of good must
 finally triumph over the principle of
 evil, for that our Creator is in sympa
 thy with us when we practically enforce
 the former, and that we are drawn
 aside by our own bad passions and
 desires, when we follow after the
 latter. Let slaves be taught, what, if
 their masters had learnt, they would
 never have been slaves, that a gospel
 liati been preached in the world which
 forbids violence, which forbids the in
 jurious treatment of any man. Teach
 the slaves to obey this gospel, though
 their masters have disobeyed it. The
 enslaved, through means of a system,
 vitiated and “rotten to its very core,”
 are iu a state of unjust subjection to
 their earthly masters, hut the enslaver,
 is in a state of direct rebellion to his
 heavenly master; for no man can make
 a of another man, without a
 shameless, an impudent defiance ofi
 that vrorld-compelb precept, “a'new
 commandment 1 gtv* unto you, that ye
 love one another
 One idea it would appear of the
 highest importance to communicate to
 slaves. 1 was one day conversing with
 a highly gifted and benevolent friend
 on Anti-slavery subjects, and made use
 of the teim dtgraxitil, as applicable to 1
 the slave. My friend objected to it,
 saying, that he greatly preferred us
 ing the term injured, as nothing could
 degrade a man, he lie who or what lie
 might, but voluntary sin. Should not
 self-respect he instilled into the mind of
 the slave, on, this very ground; and
 should he no&lt; he taught that if he per
 forms his allotted task well, and his
 master is either brutal or licentious, j
 he is the really degraded being, lie is
 really the slave, for Ins is the bondage
 ot' iniquity The desire, the hope,
 tlie expectation of freedom should
 constantly kept up, while every feel-1
 ingot resentment against their masters j
 in the nitiitls of slaves, should he as
 const anti v kept down. The expecta
 tion would give an elevation to their
 thoughts, which would tend to fit them
 fin that freedom wdicli the “good time 1
 coming” has certainly iu store for!
 them, while the absence ot' resentment
 would justify the assertion, to the truth
 of which no one more readily assents j
 to than myself, that the “African race
 are admirably qualified by the gentle
 ness of their disposition, to exhibit to|
 the world, a bright manifestation of i
 the milder virtues of the true Christian j
 chaiacter.” how happy an illustra-j
 lion we hud of this iu the conduct ol
 our own W est India slaves upon their
 emancipation, and how cheering is it
 to read the numerous and well support
 ed proofs of the kind politeness and'
 religious sensibility, which the culti
 vated African, so very generally mani
 fests. That (iod is “no respecter of
 persons” is a solemn Bible truth, and
 it their masters object to its being
 taught to slaves, they ought in one
 instant to perceive, that they are car
 rying on a system wholly at variance;
 with Bible truth. The great apostle of
 the Gentiles has declared, “that in
 Christ there is neither male nor femule,
 bond or free,” but that all are one in
 Him. And if any one objects to his
 slave being made a recipient of this
 truth, let him ask himself the reason,
 win The same apostle lias said,
 “remember those in bonds, hs bound
 with them.” If tins passage too, is to
 be cautiously concealed from the slate,
 may not the reason why, be, because
 the master fears, that uti intelligent'
 slave may discover the true meaning
 of tiiis exhortation. Does it not mean,
 as spoken, to the just man, to the
 philosophical Christian, and to the de
 voted philanthropist of the year, 1619
 “if ye remember those in bonds, as
 bound with them, break these bonds,
 since ye do all prefer fieedom to slave
 ry but «ce to it, that ye use no other
 means tor this purpose, than those
 which God himself has put mtn your
 hands, namely, a vigorous intellect, a
 resolute purpose, a determined will,
 and last, viot least, a loving heart.”
 Brothers, sisters, fellow Christians, it
 is tune that 1 should now hid you fare
 well The above has little, very pos
 sibly, no merit, save that which you
 [majrfttttivk W d, from ft fOUYKIWP,
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COT DR-GOP IS THE FATHER OF F 3 ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
j, which I trust you *»U leel, that it has
 jbeen dictated by a heart till! of pity,
 i affection and respect, lor the sons and
 i daughters of deeply injured Africa.
 Her civilization, her improvement, her
 seif-elevation. u devoutly to he wished
 3 for, by ever? mind humane enough to
 feel her w rongs, and Christian enough
 'to reprobate them In proportion as
 these are reprobated, the offending
 party will perceive that the time is
 approaching when they must ‘‘go, and
 I sin no more.” When the world, thc
 world, cries ‘suaim*, shaine,'
 i then wfiil the r Mei hang his
 head, then will he relax his unholy
 grasp, then will he relinquish his un
 righteous gains, then will he “undo the
 heavy burden,” then w ill he let the
 oppressed go free.
 My friends, you are not groaning un
 dur the “heavy burden” of slavery,
 but we are grieved to know that you
 are suffering under the weight of pre
 judice. Hut it will not continue so—
 America is growing in intellect, and
 therefore in mercy and in virtue.
 I With the “melting eye” of the one,
 i she will ere long discern her “brother”
 in a fellow-citizen, and With the ener
 gy of the other she will establish and
 guard that brother’s lights. Let us
 hope, let us pray, that the eup of free
 dom, which i now held out to you w ith
 so niggard a bund may shortly he prof
 fered to all, by the liberal hand ot
 Love, “full to the hriin, pressed down,
 t and overflowing.” With this sincere
 -and ardent wish, in which it rejoices
 me to feel, that I am joined by thous
 ands of the Christian part of the Chris
 tian world, as also by many an honest
 Israelite, and even by many a humane
 follower of Mahomet, 1 subscribe my
 self the affectionate and faithful ser
 t vant, of the free colored population
 of the United States.
 ity. B. ln one of the tracts already
 alluded to, I have ottered cordial and
 honest expressions of good will tow ards
 all sincere and faithful abolitionists of
 whatever sect or party. Let me now
 t otter expressions of respect equally
 cordial to those planters, who, having
 kept their minds open to conviction on
 this great topic, have been led to see
 the truth as it is in Jesus, and, through
 the power of this truth, have liberated
 their slaves. In these sentiments I
 1 cannot doubt that you heartily concur;
 you will therefore forgive the sugges
 tion (should it prove a needless one,)
 i that you, my brethren, should give to
 these sentiment as fiequents and public
 an utterance as possible."*.
 THE SHVi-TRAHE.
 i
 An internal slave-trade is the neces
 sary consequence of slavery wherever
 it exists. AYhen men become merch
 antable commodites or property, as it
 is impinush termed, they are subject
 to all its incidents, —to the degrada
 tion of sale and bequest, and to the
 cruelty of separation from kindred and
 friends. In the United States it is re
 ported that Hl.tMMt slaves change hands
 every year; and, in other slaveholding
 countries, it is probable that a pro
 portionate number suffer the same sad
 fate. But though, in some of its fea
 tures, nothing can exceed the revolt
 ing character of this traffic, it yields,
 in the sum of its horrors, to the foreign
 African slavetradp, which is carried on
 chiefly to supply Brazil and the Spanish
 colonies with slaves.
 It is impossible to arrive with ac
 curacy at the number of slaves exported
 from Africa, since threat Britain, under
 the influence of humane and
 feeling, was led to abolish it through
 out her dominions. A tabular state
 ment, however, drawn up with great
 care, was laid before a Select Com
 mittee of the House of Commons, j
 appointed last year to consider *he j
 best means lor providing for the final
 extinction of the slave-trade, from
 which we gather the following particu
 lars, —viz., that from 1808 to 1819,n0
 less than 2,290,000 negroes were ex
 ported from Africa; of these, ti&gt;o,ooo
 were takento Brazil, 015,009 to the
 Spanish colonies, and 502,000 to other
 countries. The casualties of the mid
 dle passage are stated to have amounted
 to the frightful sum of 4:13,000' Fr&lt;»in
 the year I*l9, when the cruising sys
 tem was first put in operation against
 foreign slave-traders, to 1847, the
 number of negroes exported from Afri
 ca amounted to 2,738,-TOO, which are
 thus distributed: —Brazil, 1,1*21,800;
 Spanish colonies, 831,0*2*; deaths on
 the middle passage, 688,299; and ca|-
 lured by British cruisers, 117,380.
 According to this table, the total num
 ber of Africans imported into Brazil,
 during the last forty years, has been
 1,1801,8(00; into the Spanish colonies,
 1 440,027; intoother countries. 562,-
 000; mortality during the middle
 passage, 1,121,299; and captured by
 British cruisers, since the year 1819,
 117,380; making a grand total o(
 5,018,400, as the victims of the foreign
 African slave-trade, from IM)7 to
 1817!
 If there be added to this truly ap
 palling statement the dreadful fact,
 so clearly demonstrated by the late Sn
 T. F. Buxton, in his work on the slave
 trade, that “for every slave embarked
 one is sacrificed”—in the wars con
 nected with their capture—in then
 march from the interior to the coast
 and during their detention at the bar
 racoons,—we have a picture presenter
 to us of human guilt and human sutler
 mg, which has scarcely its parallel ir
 the most savage period ot the history
 of our race. Let the fact be engravei
 on our memories that the victims o
 ihe slave-trade, during the last lortj
 years, have been upwards of ten MU
 lush* that one-half of this uumbe
 perished in Africa; that one-quarte
 of those embarked lor the slave mar
 [Kv*ti pefi*bs4 during lb? iniddl
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JULY *2O, 1819.
passage; that of tbo«° who survive
 these horrors, a considerable numbe
 perished during the process of seasoc
 ing, and that the remainder are docn
 ed to a life of degradation and sul
 fering, and a prematuie grave Teni
 Annual tfeu of the 4 F. A.
 s Society.

 SLAVE RV.
 By the last census of the Unite
 States, taken in JslO, the mtndier c
 slaves in thp Southern ‘ate-* was *2, 187
 115; it we add ihe pi viable increase
 computed according to the ratio of th&lt;
 preceding ten years, the present num
 her oi slaves, in the thirteen slavi
 States, will be about 3,045.000; but
 since that period, Texas has been an
 nexed to the Tinted States, the numhe
 ot whose slaves may now be compute!
 at 50,000; the grand total of slaves ii
 the l nited States will, therefore, In
 3,005.000. According to Balhi, tin
 number of slaves in Brazil, Irani
 y ears since, was 2,i&gt;20,500. Notwith
 standing the great inoitality whirl
 marks the slave system of that count
 ry, and the manumissions which ha\&lt;
 taken place, the vast number of fresl
 Aft leans w hich have since been impor
 ted must have increased the total num
 her of slaves considerably. We, there
 fore, compute the number at present ir
 Brazil to be 3,*250,000. The numhei
 of slaves in the Spanish colonies i&lt;
 variously estimated. Mr. Crawford
 the British Consul in Cuba, states it tr
 have been, in 1811, between 800,001
 and 000,000. 'J’iie British Consul a!
 Porto Kico says the number of slaves
 in that island, in 1838, was 41,000;
 allowing lor the additions which may
 have been made since these period
 by importations from Africa, we may
 put dow'n the slave population of the
 Spanish colonies at 000,000. Tlie to
 tal number of slaves in the Dutch
 West Indies, according to the lasi
 census, was 9,509; in Surinam. 52,-
 997; at Batavia, Sainarang, and Sour
 abaya, 30,000, making a total of 92,-
 560; but as there lias been a consider
 able mortality among the slaves in Sur
 inam, since, IStl perhaps the entire
 number in the Dutch coloifes and de
 pendencies may be reckoned at nbout
 85,000. From the best information
 that can he obtained, it appears that
 the number of slaves in New- Granada,
 including Panama, was, in 1835, 40,-
 137; in Venezuela, in 18:17, 37,689;
 in Equator, 1843, 4,960; *in Peru*
 1845, dO,OOO. •From Bolivia, Chili,
 and the Argentine Eef&amp;hJic, no returns
 have been obtained; but the slave pop
 ulations of these Republics may be
 estimated at nbout 39,000. It should
 be remarked, however, that all th«
 South American Rupublics have made
 provision in their laws for the grudual
 extinction of slavery*, and that Uruguay,
 one of them, completely abolished it
 in the year 1842. The number of
 slaves in the Portuguese, Dutch,
 Danish, and Swedish settlements on
 the western coast of Africa is com
 puted at 30,000; of these, nine-tenths
 at least are held by the Portuguese.
 The latter nation has, in addition, pos
 sessions on the eastern coast of Africa
 and in Asia, hut the number of slaves
 in them is unknown Making allow
 ance for manumissions w hich may have
 taken place in the South American
 Republics, the following recapitula-J
 [ion may be taken as a correct eati-j
 mate of the number of slaves in the,
 several countries named, viz.;
 United states 3,094,000
 Brazil 2 250,000
 Spanish Colonies 900,000
 I hitch (‘olonies 85,000
 South American Republics 14,000
 African Settlements 30,000
 7,500,000
 In connexion w ith this huge system
 of iniquity and oppression, there exist*
 a tiathc in liumaii beings, enormous
 in extent, and fearful in atrocity and
 horror.— Tenth Annual Hep. oj the B. 6
 F. A S. Society. j
Fioin (lit Bo‘io« RepuUioii.
 rilE CHARLESTON SUGAR HOUSE.
 Boston, June 14, 1*49.
 (irv. Wilson
 ]&gt;i.ar Sir. A recont visit 10
 Charleston enabled me lo gee the
 House &lt;d Funishuient, or 'Sugar
 House, as, with double refined cruel
 ty, it is styled by the slaveholders.
 This building, with its bars and bolts,
 continually reminding us ol a prison,
 is built with a central square. One of,
 the noted treadmills ot this establish
 ment was in operation at the time.
 From morning ttll night, slaves »r«
 compelled to mount a perpetual stair
 case. with only an interval ot ans
 minute in six. saw l° ur men sad
 one woman going up the atairs with
 rapid pace, yet exhausted limbs, whit#
 one was standing still, not sitting, in
 order to rest. Once a minute, a ball,
 bv the action of machinery, was mads
 to strike, and one ot the five stepfsd
 off from the mill, and the one that Wt
 restin l7 supplied his place so that five
 minates in six. the live-long day, each
 of the doomed creatures waa forced to
 continue this constant ascent.
 Those who desire to view tha sur
 rounding country, or whose patriotic
 feelings have induced them to mount to
 the top of our Charlestown monument,
 have all experienced and groaned over
 the difficulty of the up-hill route,
 longed for the close of the lengthy as
 cent, and accepted the proffer of s
 seat, when the summit was attained,
 with grateful acknowledgement*. Sup
 pose that this journey should be re
 peated two or three hundred times a
 ws might f*rc?i ve i tofort
1 *lay‘a task wm hccomplisbed, some
 r evidences of that fatigue which cause*
 the slave oftentimes to fall fainting to
 the ground. When that takes place,
 as we were informed by the overseer
 i was frequently the case, tne poor
 negro is allowed to rest a few moments.
 t till returning consciousness and inus-
 I cular ability permit wearied nature to
 commence a repetition of the round.
 Beh.w the toiling slaves is what might
 j be taken for a to catch the unwary
 f one, perchance a woman, who lingers
 on her way; she pursues her journey
 too slowly her limbs are suddenly
 strangled by the cruel machinery, and
 before it can he stopped, they are in
 stantly broken and this is occasionally
 the case. We must leave the perse
 cuting treadmill; for, ‘what have the
 North to do with slaveryr‘
 We go to the place where the pad
 dle and the cowhide are used. The
 slave is tied up by tbe hands and down
 by the feet. And we were particular
 ly informed of the privileges which lie
 enjoyed. Though the master may
 punish the slave as much as he choos
 es, before he enters the ‘sugar house,’
 yet if, on account of irritation or in
 sult, he should thoughtlessly strike the
 slave after lie has reached the house,
 and before he is tied hand and foot,
 and his limbs stretched to their utmost
 tension by a pulley', to make the sufler
 mg more acute —if the master st likes
 him previous to this, he is find a huu
 -1 died dollars. And more than that,
 while the punishment is proceeding,
 {the slave has the privilege, which it is
 said he estimates very highly, of speak
 ing Ins mind to his master; or, in other
 words, of saving what he pleases,
 without the risk of being punished
 nipre than the regular twenty lashes,
 cm that day.
 From the whipping room, we pass
 to the place of confinement, where
 there are but few slaves kept, as the
 master does not wish to lose their ser
 vices for any length of time, But here,
 in solitary confinement, from one to
 six months, the negro is kept; and not
 only, as in the Philadelphia prison, are
 they not allowed to see or speak to the
 public, but without the garden which
 is attached to the cells of the latter
 prison, they are deprived of any oppor
 tunity of hearing the voice of a chap
 lain, a warden, or even of those who
 bring them food. These restrictions
 are not plated any class of crimi
 nals at the ftortb, but in Charleston
 iinposad, as are nil the pun
 ishments which I have enumerated,
 merely for misbehaviour.
 The aversion of the slaveholders to
 the use of the whip seems to be more
 from a tear of loss of property, than
 from a feeling of humanity. For it is
 said, that the constitution of a slave is
 so much injured by a few lashes at
 this establishment, that he becomes
 valueless. J. W. S.
C’ rreapondtuce of the Anti .Shivery-Bugle
 DOUGLASS AND lIIS ENGLISH
 FRIENDS.
 I began this letter simply intending
 to tell you about a visit we bad lately
 from Frederick Douglass and bis Eng
 lisb friends, and to make a tew remarks
 on the disgraceful treatment they ex
 perienced at the hands of the ('aptain
 and passenger* on board the Alidu,
 corning down from Albany to New
 York. If 1 have not kept to my story,
 you must attribute it to the fact that 1
 urn a woman—and you know the cele
 brated Dr. Potts, of St Louis, says that
 we have, no power of connected rea
 soning and, indeed, very little solid
 intelleect of any sort, and hence I could
 not keep to the point. lie did say that
 we could write letters, but lie must
 have meant short paragraphs, made up
 of odds and ends, and pretty sentiments,
 consequent on the extreme amiability
 be attributed to us; not, I think he said,
 “a little lower than the angels!” The
 compliment, is, antiquated. Ive no
 doubt, but Isaac said the same to Re
 becca when be lifted her oft tbe camel:
 but you would still advise gratitude
 would you not?
 Well, of Douglass and the ladies, 1
 would observe, to begin with, that the
 latter are warm friends of Frederick,
 who in Europe felt honored by his ac
 quaintance, and delighted to extend to
 him the hospitality of their home. They
 are educated, accomplished women,
 having not only a genuine self-respect,
 but the additional strength and calm
 unquestioning sense of the right to in
 dependence which a superior position
 in society in England always ensures
 They have been lately traveling on tbe
 continent, in Austria, Germany, fete.,
 and are now making a tour of pleasure
 in the United Slates. Judge, then, my
 friend, of what their first impressions
 were on reaching the Model Republic.
 As the elder of the two described to
 ine, m a most graphic and simple
 manner, then journey across the ocean
 and first introduction to American
 prejudice in tbe Franklin House, in
 New Yoi k, I cannot do better than give
 you a brief sketch of the same, only re
 gretting that I have it not in my pow er
 to convey, at the same lime, the ap
 propriate gesture and varying tones of
 voice in which this and to them extra
 ordinary experience was related.
 The Captain, then, of the Sarah
 Sands was a delightful man, juat the
 one to make the passengers forget the
 length of the voyage, which was as
 you may remember, very long, from
 the fact that a cylinder hurst, and they
 had no duplicate. They were two
 weeks behind time. The sateen cabin
 passengers,with their cheerful Captain,
 had what we call “grand times,” not
 withstanding the delay, and laid many
 plans for social reuntou.kc when they
 should have reached port. One gen
 ,uqn%ab»4 Mr. Peuglu*, Md
 w
admired turn vastly; so out friend
 were enabled to talk over the event
 and exchange opinions, as we sis.
 love to do whetv we meet others woi
 appreciate those whom we “delight t&lt;
 honor.*’ Reform both in Church am
 State was discussed in council during
 the voyage. All went on swimingly
 and long before the ship reached New
 ork it was decided thru they sboulc
 all put up at the same hotel. It was
 an undeiuood thing tiiat Mr. D was tc
 meet the ladies on tlh' arrival of the
 steamer, hut her tardy arrival disarran
 ged plans, and two or three days elap
 sed before they met. The mutual in
 terest felt in the character of Doug
 lass, made him, to a certain extent, the
 theme of friendly conversation; when
 lo! it reached refined American eaia
 that a colored man Oh! shocking to re?
 late'i was expected lo call on some of
 the boarders in that hitherto unpolluted
 house.— There were side looks and
 whispers, doubtless, long before out
 unsuspicious friends became aware of
 the fact, for they, all uninspired as they
 were,labored under the impresses they
 should never realize any thing of this
 vulgar prejudice which they had heard
 of by letter and newspaper. It did, no
 doubt, exist in some other and lower
 sphere, but they—their position was
 well known, and as to Mr. Douglass,
 he ranked far above the boarders at
 the Franklin House—lie was a man of
 genius, one of nature’s noblemen!—At
 last a faint rumor reached them, cau
 tiously and timidly expressed, that it
 would not do here”—that “it was a
 question ifMr, Douglass would he ad
 mitted into the house, that certainly he
 would not be permitted to take a meal
 at the table.” It was considered “very
 much out of the way,” See. You see
 they did not treat the matter after the
 manner of the N. Y. Express at first,
 hut were very tender, and. as I said,
 cautious. “Milk for babes,” you know.
 “W hen they had been in the country
 six months they' would view things very
 differently,” said old English friends
 whom they sought in their perplexity.
 No insinuation could be more insulting
 than this; as if six months in the Model
 Republic was sufficient to divest them
 ot common sense and common human
 ity. “Oh! but,” they persisted, “we
 had no more idea of the thing than you
 have when first we came. We invited
 Mr. .a most gentlemanly person,
 to our house very frequently; he was
 a most gentlemanly and intelligent per
 son, but”—had be swindled his host &lt;JUI
 of hia property *‘o no, lut they had
 gotten over all that, felt quite other
 wise—it would not do, as lie was colo
 red, in this country’.” The darkness
 was becoming visible. The fellow
 passengers who had entreated lengthy
 visits, the delightful Captain who had
 been a father to them, became by de
 grees inoculated with the disea*e, or
 rather,instead ofpresenting a bold front,
 yielded to the American chimera called
 “puplic opinion.” On board the steamer
 such views would have been ridiculed,
 hut now they insinuated,in a hesitating,
 apologetic tone, “really—my dear
 Madam—l—oh I think it inexplicable
 —but, then, I assure you —that is—mv
 dear friend, the people here have most
 peculiar prejudices,” xe. “Very well”
 our friends answered, “we will change
 our boaid.ng house to [where we can
 receive our guest.” In ihe wealthy
 and populous city of New \ork,
 such is the subserviency to the prejti-j
 dice against color, that was no easy
 matter. Meanwhile Douglass ariived.
 and was allowed to meet his friends,
 not in the public parlor w herein they
 directed tie should he ushered, hut in a
 private parlor which, nevertheless, was
 not private, since two individuals were
 stationed there to report on the extia
 ordinary event of three friends meeting,
 one of them being some shades darker
 than the others.
 Our English friends were not leaning
 persons to bend with the breeze Tuey
 liver; ihtough it ami improved m health
 Alter the New York Anniversaries
 they accompanied Douglass lo !u»
 home, and reluming to i'hiladeljdiia,
 where D. was called to deliver an ad
 dress. they found themselves on board
 the Alula. On the ringing of the din
 ner hell, they descended and seated
 themselves at the table. Soon murmurs
 of disapprobation filled the cabin. Soinei
 southerners weie on board, to whom
 the proximity of a dark skm is on all oc
 castons peculiarly obnoxious. The
 stew aid ordered Douglass to leave the
 table. He asked for authority, ami af
 ter considerable insolence, thef’ap'ain,
 male and others came lushing down,
 using foul language, and declaring
 they would have no “niggers” eating
 with the white people on that boat.
 Resistance was in ram. The ladies
 were indignant in the extreme, and,
 when Douglas* was refused a hearing,
 the elder of the two stepped forw aul
 and a.-ked, “will a lady he permitted
 to speakthere was a pause, and
 she continued “1 have long heard of the
 chivalry and courtesy of the Americans
 with some incredulity, but now 1 am
 satisfied of the truth of it, since you
 have even carried it so far as to deprive
 two English strangers of a meal.”
 1 may not have given the words, but
 barely the sentiment conveyed. They
 then left the cabin, for of course thev
 would not remain if their friend was ex
 cluded; and on their leiviug, the vul
 gar crowd gave three cheers for them
 They had then to remain without food
 from early dawn fill night, the -toward
 even refusing them a cup of coffee and
 the bar tender refusing to sell them the
 smallest biscuit. The ladies weie
 suffering from exhauxtation; and with
 shame be it said, not one passenger
 on board that boat had the humanity or
 the courage lo raise his voiee *u betmli
 ofjuitice, Years truly
 M,
 1 ft f
JOHN DICK, Pi-umim
WHOLE NO. St m
ABOLITIONIST ARRESTED
 On Saturday morning lad, an etpec*
 ted visnor took lodgings at ol R C
 Pool 9 Motel, and some of our citizens,
 being apprized of the fact, took such
 measures as were prudent, yet prompt,
 m satisfying thsmselve* as to the im
 port ot Ins business.
 A letter had been addressed to V\’j|-
 W l a,kor K*q., of the Walker
 House, |»y r F.tch, of Columbia,
 stating il»at a man by tho name of J.
 M. Barrett, who hailed from Ohio, had
 nude Ins escape from Columbia, a
 r W ul having been issued against
 k -»nd that he would visit Spartan*-
 lung. Sure enough, not only did sail
 J M, Barrett, make lih appearance,
 j but there were several letters dnected
 to him rtoin Cincinnati, Ohio,and Dub
 lin, Indiana, winch our postmaster
 thought proper to deliver to him in
 person at Ins lodgings. After this wa*
 done, several of our citizens called on
 him, and, with the knowledge pre-ob
 tained through l&gt;r Fitch, of^f'olurubm,
 demanded a search l poo investiga
 tion and examination, it whs ascertain
 ed that he was employed by Messrs.
 Harwood Jc, Co., ostensibly for the pur
 pose ot getting statistical inlormation
 for a (lazettrei but some of the letter*
 1 tound in Ins possession proved to be
 the envelope ot two others, directed ona
 to l)r. Sill, and the other to T. J Glo
 ver, ot Orrangelnirg ami upon opening
 them, it was found that the one direc
 ted to Dr. Sill contained two number*
 ot the celebrated incendiary publication*
 signed Brutus," and the other to T. J.
 Glover contained only one of the same.
 Below we copy the letter verbatim et
 literatim. The post murk is Cincinnati,
 Ohio, May I*. Directed to J. M.
 Barrett Ksq, Spartansburg, South
 Carolina.
 May 11, 1841/.
 “Dk.ar Sir: Having learned that
 you are travelling in South Carolina, 1
 take liberty of requesting you to drop &lt;u
 seme post office along your way the en
 closed letters. Although comparatively
 a stranger to you, I take the liberty,
 because 1 wish to oblige a Carolimau
 who desires me to take some plan of
 communication with his friends which
 will not, by the post mark reveal hu
 resent location. Be kind enough to
 destroy this when .you have read it.
 you will pardon mb lor not signing iny
 name you know' 1 am to be relied upon,
 I will jost name that Messrs. FT. Har
 wood ScCg.have gent fou #&gt;‘.2o to Coi
 lunibia, S.C.”
 Another letter post rnai ked Dublin,
 Indiana, May »7, directed to John M.
 Barrett, Spartanburg court house, S,C.
 and signed S. Johnson,contains the fol
 lowing paragraph:
 Soiiiepersoii suggested to me that he
 would become pro-»iavery by travel
 ing in the Suurfi, hut 1 told ihem no.
 the principles of Truth and Right were
 too deeply rooted in your heart, to ever
 have them eradicated from selfish or
 other motives; besides, travelling
 amongst the wrong, will, I think, have
 a tendency to strenghlni one’s hatred
 of the wrong. At least I hate no fear*
 of John M. Barrett coining hack h*
 Dublin pro-slaverized. 1 want you tu
 take some items, and come back pre
 pared to wage war and eternal warlart*
 against the abominable institution I
 hate it worse and worse the more 1
 think of it.
 In a town meeting on Saturday, at
 winch the said Banett attended, and
 spoke m Ins own behalf, it wus unani
 mously agreed hy the citizens present
 that legal proceedings should he takeu
 against him. An allidavit wit-made of
 the facts before G. \Y j I I.egg, Ksq
 upon w Inch a warrant was issued for
 Ins arrest, and being brought befiuev
 him for examination, was committed
 lor trial.
 \Ve take great pleasure in stating
 that the prisoner was treated with the
 utmost civility, and nothing like a dispo
 sition to mob,'as seemed to he apprehen
 ded hy the prisoner, made its appear
 ance. He veems to be a man ofgreat
 astuteness, and |ust such a one a*
 might he expected would tie employed
 by the Northern hive of Abolitionist*.
 There can he no doubt remaining bit
 that this said John Barrett is an emis
 sary sent amongst u* to further the hel
 lish purposes of the \holitionau»ts,bu£
 whether sufficient proof can be adduced
 to bring to bear the penalty of the law,
 is to be seen lierafter.
 The account dial Barrett gave of him
 self is simply that he is an agent of
 Messrs. K Harwood Co., New
 York, to collect statistics and infor
 mation for a Gazetteer, shortly to b*t
 published, snd that he cannot be res
 ponsible for any letter* or document*
 sent to him by Taking the cir
 cumstances together, aa gleaned from
 the papers found in bis posession, thus
 community stands justdied in his arreat
 and commitment, intending only that
 justice shall be done at the same time*
 that they desire to show their ad
 herence to the South, and tbeic
 love for her peace and safety, by act*
 as well aa words.— .Spartan, {.V/wir
 tannburgh, S.
 Prom xcutio.v The word* Allo
 pathy, llomo-upathy and Hydropathy,
 with thaoe derived from them, ar* &lt;u
 most instance* erroneously pronoun
 ced. The follow mg tliviaron show* thft
 true pronunciation, the empuaaia being
 on the italicized .ylables: Al-/.y-a-thy
 Ho-rme (/p-a-thy, and Hy-drop-*-thy.
 These words are now in common
 household use, and their correct pro
 duuctattoo is therefore a matter of more
 rhan ordinary importance.
 A correspondent of tlie N Y. Sen, ay*
 ihil twelve uxwti have left lUvtna for it*
 roast of Afnc* foi the purpose of w|wii&gt;f
 o the slave trade. They *«f* tv
 |U{4 mbv&amp;§ itwo.
"
