"Tli** Late Tragedy in Kentucky.
 The Bhelbytille(K».)Newt give the follow
 ing version of tins painful matter. It will
 be seen that it differ* somewhat Irom
 the account* which we have already publish
 ed
 Foxtown in five miles from Richmond, on
 the turnpike road to Lexington. It was mus
 ter day, and many were in attendance to hear
 the candidates.
 M ijor Squire Turner, a candidate for th
 Convention, was. the first to take the stand
 He had been speaking about an hour, when
 Mr. Clay interrupted him, asking him to di
 vide the time, so that Mr. Chenault and Mr.
 Burnam might have an opportunity to give
 their views fipon the various subject* now
 agitating the country, and that he did not
 wish to speak himself, hut the people wished
 to heat the other candidates. Mr. Turner
 continued half an hour longer. During hi*
 remarks he read the article from Mr. lay’s
 paper, which was the cause of the citizen* ol
 I A:\ington tearing down Ins press.
 After Mr. Turner had concluded his re
 marks. Mr. ('lay asked Mr. Chenault, wht
 was about taking the stand, to permit him ti
 make an explanation, which he did.
 Mr. Clay remarked, that the article spoktr
 of was not written by himself; that it appear
 ed m his paper w hile he was lying dangerous
 iv ill that it was written by a Southen
 slaveholder, as lie thought, for the sole pur
 pose of having his press destroyed. Majoi
 Turner remarked, ‘twas no matter —he (Mr
 U.) should lie responsible for it as an Lditpr
 Mr. K. Runyon then asked Mr. Clay a
 non, which he wished him to explain. Aftei
 Mr. ’lay made t!ie explanation, Runyon re
 marked, tiiat it was not so that lie (Sir. (1.)
 could not prove it. Clay observed that h&lt;
 could prove it that if he could not, he (Mr
 R.) might spit in his (Mr. Vs) face. Run
 yon again asked him by whom could heprovr
 it l Clay then sxid to him, that he couk
 prove it by Major Turner whose tool he (R.j
 was Getting off the stand, (‘lay rernarket
 that Runyon had tried upon several occasions
 to insult him, and that he was only acting a;
 a volunteer mol for Turner. Mr. Cyrus
 Turner then stepped up to Clay and shaking
 las fist in his lace, remarked to him, Ma/ i,
 ■mis a J &lt;i h&gt; lay then attempted to draw
 his knife. Turner seeing his intention
 struck him. Clay then struck Turner wit!
 hi® fist, which knocked him down. Mr
 Alfred Turner then struck Clay with a large
 stick, knocking him down he fell near C
 Turner, and the impression is that it was a
 this time Cyrus Turner received his stab
 Two men then caught Clay and were pulling
 him away, when Thomas Turner stepped for
 ward, presented his revolver and buist three
 caps at Clay
 It is not known when, nor, generally, by
 whom. Clay received his stab; it is known
 however, but has not as yet been divulged.
 lav is much bruised from his head down
 lie complains more of his back than the stal
 jn his breast. He says that he is stabbed if
 the back but on account of the great pain hr
 suffers, it has not been examined nor is i
 really known whether or not he is stabbet
 in the back. The wound in the breast is i
 very bad one, but not as dangerous as war
 first supposed. While he was being conduct
 ed into the house, after the fight, lie desirec
 to speak. After his friends Jelling him ht
 must not—that he must go into the house
 and lie down—he turned round facing the
 people, ami in a clear, loud voice remarked,
 1 am dying but arn dying in a glorious cause
 —the cause of Liberty.’ After making this
 remark, he was conducted into the house,
 and has been lying in this position ever since.
 There are some hopes of his recovery.
 Cyrus Turner died of his wounds Sunday
 morning, after forgiving Mr. Clay for the
 deed.
 There is great excitement about the mattei
 in the County.
 From the South Shields (hug.) (Janette.
 W e rejoice to hear that a movement i
 making in North Shields on behalf of th
 Slave. The opprobrium of this civilized age
 and of our Anglo-Saxon race, is, that slaver
 at ill exists in any land owning that race a
 masters. The foulest disgiace tliatever hunj
 over the sacred names of Christianity ant
 Freedom lias been induced by the fact, tha
 in lands where men pretend most to valui
 their names, the degradation and pollution o
 a legalized bondage continues to be cherisher
 and'defended. British freemen have alreadi
 done something to deliver themselves fron
 the sin and shame of this system. They havt
 subscribed large sums, and have entered inti
 solemn treaties with slave countries having n
 view the mitigation and ultimate abolition o
 slavery but, in spite of all, the horrors o
 ihe slave-trade never were more dreadful thai
 at the present moment, and the cruelties per
 -pelrated among slave-owners never more dis
 graceful. Free trade, which, as a genera
 good, we have always advocated, has prove
 a source of grievous oppression to the slave
 The demand which has sprung up in conse
 ouence, for the productions of many countrie
 tilled by slaves, lias caused their proportions
 oppression. The lash of the taskmaster ha
 been plied more severely, and additional ship
 have been chartered for the slave-trade to
 stipprising extent, to supply the waste o
 human life thus occasioned. We are unwill
 ing to do anything to infringe on the prinei
 pies of free-trade but can we do nothing t&lt;
 show’ our abhorrence of ihis system ut wronj
 —ol wholesale robbery and murder 1 It ma;
 be thought a I topian measure to compel tin
 trudt «.f a w hole country into one channel b;
 the force of a movement originating in mer
 benevolence anti yet we think nothing wer
 more noble as a spectacle than the sigh
 which Britain might present, were her house
 holds generally to refuse to partake of an
 commodities that had been the fruit of slave
 Jabnur. Self-denial is a hristian virtue ;am
 if it should cause some slight curtailment o
 the luxuries ol the table, or even a trifle o
 additional expense, true lovers of libert;
 would be more than compensated by the satis
 faction that they had thus contributed to pre
 pare for the final emancipation of the negr
 race. We are glad to learn, however, that tin
 virtue ot the British public need not eticounte
 even such a lest as tins. Measures are takmj
 to secure an ample supply of tree-labour pto
 dure, winch mav be obtained bv our trades
 men from London and Liverpool. ou
 townsmen invariably apply for free-labor cut
 tons of their drapers, and for lree-labo
 sugars of their grocers—let them urge tin
 necessity ot procuring them as a matter o
 principle, mui make known their determina
 lion to have them, and there is no doubt tha
 means will be tumid to satisfy their reasonabh
 demands 1 tie plan we have now hinted a
 “is enough," sa\- F.hhu Bumtt, “to abohel
 all the human sl&lt;i\cr*\ m existence ’Flu
 way is easy and effective. It m the straigh
 high-road of consistency, from which the sin
 cere and honest abolitionist may not turn w
 lire right, left, or backward. If every man
 woman, and child, who denounce* slaverv
 should walk u. that way, the fetter* of tin
 slave would burst from his limbs like smgec
 strings of low. The tires ol the forge, where
 at liis manacle* were fashioned, would gi
 out. The luany-thoiiged scouige would i*
 hung up to the abhorrence of (lie world, wn|
 the old relics of man's inhumanity to man
 Dragons and beasts ot the wilderness wouk
 Jair by day in the baracoon* ol the slave-trap
 person the African coast and all the prowl
 mg kidnappers in the world" would eonfea
 their occupation gone." “Several merchant!
 and nuinufacturers, and a iaige number o
 ahopkeepers, are now co-operating lu tin
 plan for dealing a blow at slavery, bv subsu
 tilting Free for .Slave-grown articles.” It u
 not long since we were called to record tin
 transmission of largely signed p«UUoa* l&lt;
 parliament on ihe subject of the Siave-ttadi
 irom the Northern Borough, and now, w«
 understand, the ladies of North and Soutfc
 Shields are getting up a spirited memorial
 to the Queen, which, we doubt not, will mtsi
 with universal support.
 \TVV F.NOHNh AMO VIROiMA. —Two
 tiuodfyd yew® a
published in entitled M A perfect
 Picture of Virgins*,” in which occurs ihe
 following passage: “New England, four
 day*’ sail distaas, ha* trade to and fro, and
 lakes from Virginia many cattle, mnch corn,’
 and other things. That New England is in
 a good condition of livelihood, but for matter of,
 any great hope but fishing, there is not
 much.” Compared to Virginia, “it'a a*
 Scotland is to England, »o much difference,
 and lies upon the S3nae land northward aa
 Scotland doe« to England there is much
 cold, frost and snow; their land ao barren,!
 except a herring be put into the hole you set
 the corn in, it will not come up and it was
 great pity, all those planters, now about
 twenty thousand, did not seat themselve* ar
 first at the south of Virginia, in a warm and
 rich country, where their industry could have'
 produced suga?, indigo, ginger, cotton, and
 the like commodities.’’ So it seemed at that
 time (says Mr. Hildreth, in his History of
 the I’nited States, from w hich the above is
 extracted,)but how much ha* New England,!
 cold and sterile, with its sole staples of fish,!
 ice. and granite, outrun, even in the career of
 wealth, all the boasted regions of tobacco,
 cotton and sugar
 From the Ilerkiiwr Freeman.
 (&gt;errit Smith at Home.
 I have just terminated a flying tour to the
 West. On my return, I travelled at least ten
 miles out of my way to see that generous phK
 lanthropist and eminent orator Gerrit Smith.
 I J found hint in hi* ofti*-*;, pen in hand, busily,i
 engaged at his writing desk. M ben he read
 my letter of introduction, be remarked that he
 was familiar with my name, and supposed 1
 a much older man. He politely invited
 Ms. 13. and myself to avail ourselves of his
 hospitality, but we were tired 3nd travel worn,!
 and did not go to his house until the next even- j
 i ing.
 Mr. Smith lives m a common white house,!
 about two miles distant from the village of
 Peterboro. There are no luxurious sofas to
 lounge upon, no costly carpets to tread upon,,
 1 no magnificent mirrors in which to admire your
 j self, in this house, which is plainly and spar-j
 mgly furnished. The carpets, chairs, tables, j
 beds, &amp;c., are more useful than ornamental. I
 found Mr. Smith to be an accessible, sociable, j
 pleasant man, thoroughly familiar w ith the his
 tory of the reformers and the reformatory!
 movements of the day. It is well known that
 this distinguished man stands at the head ol
 the most radical class of reformers. Jle stands
 out so far in front of his age that slow-moving
 i conservatives cannot appteciate the man nor
 I his motives. He denounces rum patronizing
 and pro-slavery churches; consequently all
 the anathema raaranathas of unsympathising
 and unsanclified professors of religion are hurl
 ed at Ins head, and he is condemed as an infi
 del,whereas evidently|he is an humble and de
 voted follower of Christ. He asks a blessing
 at his table; night and morning he lays the sa
 crifice of a broken and contrite spirit on the
 altar of family worship; every day he careful
 ly studies the Scriptures; and, what is of more
 importance, he show s by a godly life and con
 versation, that lie is not unacquainted with ex
 perimental, heaven-born Christianity.
 Few men have done more than he to assist
 the poor, to clothe the naked, to feed the hun
 gry, to reform the drunkard, and liberate the
 bondman. The hotels owned by him in differ
 ent parts of the city in this country are inva
 riably rented for half the sum liquor landlords
 would pay, because he will not allow- ihe sale
 of intoxicating drinks on premises ow ned by
 him. In this wav he has sacrificed thousands
 and thousands of dollars to promote the tem
 perance cause. 1 have not mentioned his mu
 nificent donations and eloquent lectures direct
 ed to the same object. This model man gave
 three thousand farms to the same number of
 colored persons, and now he offers a t housand
 farms and ten thousand dollars to a thousand
 white persons in this State.
 In intellect, he tanks with such men as Clay,
 Calhoun and Benton. His mind is comprehen
 i sive and well cultivated—his imagination vol
 canic, but controlled by acute judgment.—
 As an orator, he has but few superiors, as al
 who have heard him speak will readily bea;
 testimony. His maner is deliberate and dig
 I nified—his matter choice and classical—hi:
 personal appearance noble and attractive. Ht
 is about six foot high, and ofpeifect mould.--
 His forehead high and broad his eyes large
 l and expressive—his hair brown, and crop
 ped close to his head. He wore a suit of bot
 tie green, and his broad shirt collar lay dowr
 like a large snow flake over a bl ack necker
 j chief, lie never decorates his person with the
 j tinselry and jewelry of fashion. He eats plair
 food, sleeps on a hard bed, bathes every day
 drinks nothing but cold water, walks from foui
 to ten miles a day; frequently writes from one
 to two hundred letters per week; writes
 communications for the press; speaks at pub
 lie meetings against War, Rum, and Slavery
 i and frequently preaches on the Sabbath to his
 little flock at Peterboro. Few editors receive
 as many papers as he patronizes. He is re
 markable for generous simplicity, eloquence,
 piety, andlove oftlie writingsof Shakspeare.
 G .W. B.
 Slaveholding troubles. While passing
 j down the Ohio River four years since, wt
 came in contact with two Kentuckians whe
 stepped on board at Maysville. One of them
 a vinegar visaged old man, we ascertained
 had lost some of his “peculiar property,’
 who took it into their heads one morning tc
 put their locomotive in motion in the direc
 lion of the Free States. The other was i
 tall rawboned, real son of Kentucky, wh&lt;
 could blaze away at the Abolitionist;
 one moment and crack jokes w ith them th&lt;
 next He had followed *.wo boys who hat
 escaped from the old man referred to, as fa:
 as Sandusky, Ohio; had them arrested aw
 put in confiuement, but from informality, o,
 1 want of proof the upshot of the matter wa;
 1 that they were released, and Jie was placet
 in durance vile. After remaining a day o:
 two, however, he was permited to depart
 with the pavmenl of the costs.
 bile on a recent visit to Ripley, we men
 tioned the circumstance to a f riend residing
 there, who observed that lie was well ac
 quainted with the old man and his associate
 that he had lost all his slaves, valued ats2
 500, but one old woman, and iiad spent a
 bom $l,OOO in fruitless attemps to recovei
 them. On remarking ito hi* old slave iliai
 all ihe others had left,she replied, “Yes
 massa, all the niggers gone but you and me.’
 He now hires his work done; and he lolc
 our friend not long since, that he gets along
 about as well as 4 when he depended on hi;
 slaves to doit.— Mtrter(Pa.) Luminary
 ’l l;e City of St. Louis.
 After years of extraordinary prosperity, du
 ring which from a mere village it lias in
 creased to a large, and wealthy city. fit. Lou
 is has been afflicted of late in an extraordi
 nary manner. It is but a few months sinct
 we recorded the destruction by fire of the
 business pot lion of that city, involving the
 destruction of $3.04)0,000 or $4,000,000 oi
 property; a calamity relatively as the greai
 conflagration of 1*35 in the citv of New
 York. Soon afterwards the cholera com
 menced its ravages and behold the result.
 Death*. 13v Choi.
 For the week ending May 7- -135-
 14 -273
 41- -192
 28- -180
 June 4- -144 75
 11- -283 -191
 18- -510 -416
 25- -763 -509
 July if- -951 -739
 9* -784 -078
 'iutalinjlo weeks 4321 2688
 •Incomplete.
 This, in a population not exceeding 50,000,
 is llifleed a terrible mortality, and has seldom
 been equalled in this country. From two
 thirds to three quarters of the death* were
 by cholera, 2422 by that disease in having
 occurred ju the short space of four weeks.
If New Yorker* would comprehend the ex
 tend of the mortality, let them imagine 35,
 (.•00 deaths in their own city m ten week*, or
 25,000 in four weeks. 1,000 per day* This I
 would be in the same proportion as the recent j
 mortality in .St. Louis.
 A merchant of Sr. Louis, with whom we]
 have conversed, expresses his belief that the’
 actual mortality in that city has been con-;
 sidorabJy greater than would appear from the j
 published statements.—He says of the 1“
 cemeteries, only 13 have made any reports. 1
 Also, that many of the old French residents'
 have private burial places, the interments in
 which are not included in tlie published state
 ment. —A- i Jovr. Com.
 Gold Digging. —A letter addressed by Col. j
 Stevenson,to his son-in-law, James Ji. Brady,
 Esq., of New k oik, after noticing the abun-,
 dance of precious metal, speaks of the toil and
 hardships which must bo undergone to secure
 it thus.
 “Any sober, industrious, prudent man,
 can in my judgement realize at an ounce per
 day, besides his board; and this, I assure
 you, will not more than pay for the toil and
 pnvation he is forced to endure, for it he la-
 Irors upon the rivers and streams, he must
 stand with lus feet in the water, every mo
 ment he is laboring; if he works at the dry
 diggins picking and sifting, he is constantly
 in aelouii of dust, and no man can distinguish
 his best friend by the color of Ids skin. Ihe
 la r would be more endurable, if, at the
 closv of the day, he could enjoy the comforts
 of good food and rest, but that is out of the
 question —he must cook his own food ot go
 without it.
 “I have seen men living w ithout any other
 food than flour mixed with water, formednn
 tn a kind of dough and baked in the hot ashes.
 This kind of living forces them to the tavern,
 (and the diggins abound with them) where
 they pay from four to twelve shillings for a
 glass of liquor. A half-box of sardines, or
 food of that kind, is purchased at from $3,
 to 10 per box, which manv will eat at one
 meal. The result is. that living in this way
 produces sickness and disease; and many,
 who come into town with heavy purses of the
 precious metal, are broken in health and
 constitution. J amadvised that the scurvy
 has broke out in some parts of the region,
 and is making fearful ravages.”
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JULY 20, 18-19
Niagara Falls, July 16lli.
 Dear Readers, Prostration by a severe
 illnessof more tlian ten days’standing, and
 from the effects of which I have not yet re
 covered, has hindered my writing for the
 “North Star,” as well as detained mo for the
 present,from the further prosecution of my
 Anti-Slavery Tom in the West. On arriv
 ing at Detroit, the ild July, in full hope of
 having a successful series of meetings in that
 City, commencing on the memorable 4th July,
 I was stricken upon the threshold with an
 illness, that completely thwarted my hopes.
 I was seized with a burning fever, violent
 headache and excruiating pains in all my
 limbs, which at once brought me to my bed.
 My illness continued unabated during three
 days; on the fourth day I was somewhat re
 lieved, and the heat being intense at Detroit,
 my friends caused me to be removed from that
 place to Windsor on the Canada side, where
 they hoped that the cooler and puier atmos
 phere would act favorably to my
 1 remained at Windsor four days, wilh little
 amendment, and became satisfied, by my ex
 perience there, that my health would not be
 equal to the fulfilment of my appointments,
 i The kind friends travelling with me and my
 fiiends in Detroit generally, counseled my
 return to the east, as the best thing l could
 do in the circumstances. Allconcuired in the
 opinion that considering my debility, it would
 be dangerous forme to visit those regions
 where Cholera prevails. Uniting with their
 opinion, as soon as i was able, I took the
 “Hendrick Hudson” from Detroit to Buffalo,
 and came immediately thence to Niagara
 Falls, where I am now, enjoying the refresh
 ing breezes, and invigorating atmosphere in
 separable from this locality. 1 am happy to
 be able to state, that much of the disappoint
 ment which would bo otherwise felt, in the
 several towns where I am announced to speak,
 will he removed, by the piesence at such
 meetings of my esteemed friend and co
 worker, Charles Lenox Remond. His well
 known eloquence and ability makes it un
 necessary for rne to commend him to the
 consideration and regard of those to whom lie
 may come. He has kindly consented to go
 foiward with our common appointments, and
 to lav before the public the claims of the
 North Siar. 1 predict that Ins efforts among
 I the colored people of the West, will awaken
 among them a deepei feeling, a more intelli
 gent interest m the cause of their own eleva
 -1 tion, and inspire them with higher resolves
 and nobler aspirations than they have hither
 to felt or known. May Ins strength be equal
 to the magnitude of the work be lure him, is
 the prayer of his sincere and de voted fellow
 laborer.
 1 deeply regretted my inability to see
 the Colored citizens of Detroit at large.
 I had heard much of them, and aidently
 desired to grasp their friendly hands, but
 this pleasure was denied me. 1 saw but few
 of them, but such as I did see left a most
 favorable impression upon my mind. They are
 from all 1 can learn, a really intelligent enter
 prizing and industrious people, and in charac
 ter and conduct they reflect great credit upon
 the oppressed and plundered class with whom
 they are identified. Their presence in any
 j community of whites, must act as a killing
 confutation of the various slanders common,
 ly preferred against the colored man.
 1 shall long remember, with sincere and
 heartfelt gratitude, the cordiality and kindness
 i of Mr. anu Mrs. Robert Banks, w ho cheer-
 I fully welcomed me to the hospitality of their
 home during my slay in Detroit and perform
 ed many offices uf kindness for me while
 an invalid under their roof, nor shall I soon
 1 forget the friendly attentions paid me, by
 Messrs. De Baptist and fiarret during my illness
 1 leel uuder great obligations to these gen
 tlemen, and leturn them my thanks, in the
 name, and on behalf of the perishing Slave.
 These gentlemen all belong to the oppress
 ed class ot this community. To be appreciated
 by them and such as they are, is compensa
 tion full for all the hardships and privations
 to which 1 am subjected in the advocacy of
 their cause. I should have mentioned, that
 the conduct of the .Steward, on board the
 Hendrick Hudson, duung my passage from
 Detroit to Buffalo, was in every respect
 kind and gentlemanly. He caused every at
 tention to be paid and the waiters all
 appeared to vie with each oilier in their friend
 ly solicitude for my comfort. One of them
 made his bed by my side and kindly watched
with me a)! night. I remember them all.
 with gratitude. They all “friends in 1
 needand therefore “friends indeed.
 1 hare omitted to *tate the facts and incident*
 of my journey from Budaln to Detroit. One
 or two of them 1 may mention eu-n at this late
 date.—On the evening of the ‘2d of July in
 company with friend Remond and two others, i
 I took passage on board the steamer Atlantic,
 for Detroit, and immediately paid my fare tor
 first cabin passage, and supposing that tins
 ticket pave me clear right to the comfort*
 enjoyed by other first class passengers, 1
 went into the Saloon, and seated myself with
 others. I was, however, soon informed by the
 steward, that 1 could not remain there, but
 must go forward. I obeyed the order, but not
 until I had seen the Clerk, and remonstrated
 against the palpable injustice of compelling
 me to pay an equal fare with white persons,
 while he denied to me equal privileges. He
 evidently felt the injustice and wrong dune i
 me, and said, for himself he had no objec
 tor. to ray going into the Saloon, but that
 such were the rules, and he was compelled to
 submit.
 1 asked for the presentation of the rules, j
 and was frankly toll, by the Clerk, that there
 were none such in existence, but that they
 acted upon a common understanding; and 1
 presume 1 hat such is the case in every in
 stance. I have neve? been able yet to see a
 rule whereby a colored man is compelled to
 pay an equal fare, and to share unequal,
 privileges, vulgar and shameless as are the
 owners and conductors of steam packets,
 there is not one of them who would not be
 ashamed to publish over his own signature a
 rule so mean and villanous as that—and yet,
 they will practice with all boldness, in ac
 cordance with that insulting rule.—On the
 next day I received an invitation from a large
 number of passengers, the Captain himself
 consenting, to deliver an address, on the sub
 ject of American Slavery, w ith which I com
 plied; but instead of treating them to an ex
 posure of Southern Slavery, I called their
 attention to the oppressive customs of the
 North generally, and those adopted on that
 Boat particularly, which at once commanded
 the attention of the ship’s company as well
 as passengers.—After my remarks, Mr. Re
 mond being called upon, responded in one of
 his happiest efforts, recommending the “North
 Star” to the patronage of every friend of
 freedom on hoard. At the close of his speech,
 five gentlemen came forward and subscribed
 for the paper. The meeting altogether, was
 a highly satisfactory one, and evidently
 wrought a change in the feeling of all on
 hoard. One of the officers and owners of the
 vessel subscribed for the paper and kindly
 gave me a free ticket to Chicago, but which
 has been rendered useless by my illness.
 There was much discussion on board after
 the meeting, and I doubt not, that the effects
 of it, will be useful and permanent. Hop
 ing soon to be able again to resume my lec
 turing duties, 1 am, ever yours faithfully,
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
“dive the Bible to the Slave!!”—Give
 I him himself and a Spelling-Book.
 The New York Tribune publishes a report
 of the proceedings of a tneeiing of the Liber
 ty party, held in Cazenovia, N. Y., at which
 amongst the resolutions passed, was one,
 affirming that instead of sending Bibles to the
 slaves, it would be infinitely better to supply
 them with pocket compasses and a pistol;
 the one to point out to them the land of free
 dom—the other for self-defence on their jour
 ney thither. The compass would doubtless be
 useful; of what use the pistol would be, ex
 cept to shoot himself when the dogs were at
 his heels, and further llight impiacticable,
 some may not be able to discover. In this
 respect the pistol might be useful also; for
 die he may If he cannot live a man assent
 into the world by God he ought not to live a
 brute, in contravention of his Creator's will,
 at the bidding of man. But the part of the
 resolution which at present is nrincipalL in
 teresting, is the opinion expressed therein,
 that tt is inexpedient to send the Bible to the
 slave. Against this resolution some seven
 members iwotesied. They thought it was
 right that the slaves should have the Bible.
 The majority of them, it is true (say they)
 cannot read; but what of that? Give them
 the Bible. If you were to offer them the
 Adventures of Baron Munchausen,and call it
 the Life of Christ, and they would not know
 the difference —what of that Give them the
 Bible 1 If in their ignorance, and trusting to it
 as the means of their ‘‘souls’ salvation,”
 they worship it as a kind of fetish or charm
 —what of that? Give them the Bible. If
 they should be told that it is the Word of
 God, and their pious masters and mistresses
 take it, and read to them out of it (as they
 well know how to do) such passages as
 1 “servants obey your masters,” &amp;c., and
 thereby lead them to believe that it is the will
 of God that they must be slaves, and ought
 to be contented in their slavery—what of
 that 1 Give them the Bible. If moreover,
 their masters don’t want them to have the
 Bible, and if given them at all, it must be
 given secreily, and kept secretly, and stowed
 away out of sight, like a sort of Rachel's idol,
 musty and motheaten what of that
 i Give them the Bible If, besides all this, it
 j is rather a dangerous as well as unprofitable
 occupation, to go into the slave-States, and
 distribute Bibles amongst the slaves, and not
 one of all those who are zealous that they
 should make the very indispensable and to
 them soul saving acquisition, of a book, the
 first word of which they can’t begin to read—
 is bold enough notwithstanding his loud
 speaking zeal, to carry those Bibles to the
 slaves—what of that 1 Give them the Bible
 I Give them the Bible! How* Let it drop
 down from the clouds l Sow it in the cotton
 held* 1 L&gt;ok for a miracle to happen 1 Take
 the wild beasts and birds into your service,
 and commission them to carry the Bible to the
 slaves 1 If not in some such way as'this,
 how are they to get it 1 When they get the
 Bible, what good will it do them 1 It wi 11 be
 worse than useless to the slave, until he
 learns to read it. Before he can learn to read
 it in one out of ten thousand instances, he
 must be a freeman. This talk about giving
 the Bible to the Slaves, is the
 veriest waste of breath and energy which
 might be usefully expended in asserting the
 slave’s right to freedom. Those who advooate
 the measure, no doubt amongst the un
 thinking get the credit of having a very h gh
 regard and reverence for the Bible; at the
 same time that tt gives them the op)«ortf nity
of bestowing upon those who do not see the
 propriety, importance, or pr*rticmbihty of tire
 scheme, the epithets of “infidel" “irreligi
 ous,“heretic,’* Ac. And this is about all
 that it does, or will do. The affair will end,
 as it has begun, in smoke and bluster. It
 will doubtless succeed for tune, in getting
 up a feeling amongst the bigotted and unrea
 soning, against the true friends of the slave 1
 but even this slight inconvenience will be of*
 but temporary duration. Even they will’
 speedily see their erroT, and discover how un-j
 founded and absurd are tbe“ charges attemp-
 ted to be fastened upon those who oppose the j
 measure. Give the alive hi* liberty and a
 spelling-book, and he will speedily get a Bi
 ble, and learn to read it.
 Meanness of the “freest nation on the
 globe
 The utter and despicable meanness ot which
 this nation can be guilty, it would seem has
 not yet been told. When they were found j
 clinging at the bidding ot the slave power,,
 and making compromise upon compromise, it
 was thought that surely the cup ot degrada
 tion was full. When again at the bidding i
 of that power, thev elected a slaveholding, j
 blood stained warrior, to the office of chief
 magistrate, it was thought that they had
 drank up to the dregs their cup of shame, j
 But there are still other and lower depths of
 infamy to which the cringing North must
 kneel, if she would preserve the friendship
 and deserve the confidence of her brave
 chivalrous masters. The Pennsylvania Free
 man publishes a document, from which it ap
 pears that the slaveholding Executive, in
 great regard for the weliare and the honor oi
 of this glorious republic, have taken upon!
 them to decide who shall, and who shall not
 be considerd citizens and freemen. Not con-'
 tent with the declaration of New York, oi
 Massachusetts, or Pennsylvania, that these
 several states acknowledge their ow n citizens,
 and by thus acknowledging, give them a right
 to all the privileges and immunities connected
 with citizenship, the officers of government
 step forward and say—“lt is not enough for
 you to decide this matter we have also a
 right to give our judgment, and you j must a
 bide by our dictum.’’
 It appeal? from the Freeman, that applica
 tion was made to the Secretary of State, on
 behalf of a certain man—a native American
 named Henry Hainbleton, for a passport.
 This passpoit, 1 understand to mean, the
 usual certificate furnished to sailors, that they
 are natives of this country, the possession of;
 which gives them, in times of danger, a right 1
 to the protection of the American flag. This|
 man Hambleton is a citizen of this country
 probably of Pennsylvania—for John M. Clay
 ton, returns his “certificate of nativity.”
 But John M. Clayton denies him a passport.,
 What had he done to forfeit his right Had
 he committed murder? Was he a traitor
 to his country Was he a swindler, thief,
 or highwayman Was he flying from justice?
 No! none of these things! he was—'Well his
 offence was too inhuman to relate; such horri
 ble things are fit only be spoken at the dead
 of night, and in a whisper—he was—oh
 j dreadful!—he was colored —j. d.
 Department of State, j
 Washington, June 9th, 1849.
 Edward Hurst, Esq., Philada., Pa.
 Sir :—Your letter of theTth instant, solicit
 ing for Henry Hainbleton, a colored man, a
 passport or protection, is received, and in
 reply, 1 have to inform you, that passports are
 not granted by this department to persons of
 color, and that protections are only given to
 them when they are in the service of diplomat
 ic agents, &amp;c., of the Fnited States going
 abroad.
 Hambleton’s certificate of nativity is here
 with returned.
 I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient
 servant, John M. Clayton.
A Day oi Fasting.
 A Hiroinmrndation hy the President of tin
 United States.
 At a season when the Providence ot" God
 has manifested itself in the visitation of a
 fearful pestilence, which is spieading its
 ravages throughout the land, it is fitting that
 a people, whose reliance has ever been on His
 Protection, should humble themselves before
 His Throne and, while acknowledging: past
 transgressions, ask a continuance of Divine
 Mercy.
 It 13, therefore, earnestly recommended that
 the first Friday in August be observed
 throughout the United States as a day of Fast
 ing, Humiliation and Prayer. All business
 will be suspended in the various branches of
 the public service on that day and it is
 recommended to persons of ail religious de
 nominations to abstain, as far as practicable,
 from secular occupations, a«d to assemble in
 their respective places of public worship, to
 acknowledge the Infinite Goodness which has
 watched over our existence as a nation, and
 so long crowned us wiih manifold blessings
 and to implore the Almighty, in His own good
 time, to stay the destroying hand which is
 now lifted up against us.
 Washington JulyJJ, 1840. Z. TAYLOR.
 The following postscript has since been
 added
 And as it is further fitting that a Con
 trasting, GoD-feaiing people should know
 what is the nature of the fast which will be
 acceptable to the Almk*hty, the following
 words of an old writer are earnestly recom
 mended to be read with prayer and careful
 ness.
 “Behold in the day of your fast you find
 pleasure, and exact all your labors. Behold
 ye fast for strife and debate, and to smite with
 the fist of wickedness ye shall not fast as yc
 do this day to make your voice to be heard on
 high.
 Is it such a fast that I have chosen a day
 for a man to afflict his soul 7 is it to bow
 down his head as a bulrush, and to spread
 sackcloth and ashes under him 7 wilt thou call
 this a fast, and an acceptable day to the
 Lord
 Is not this the fast that I have chosen 7 to
 loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the
 heavy burdens, and to let the oj’pressed go
 free and that ye break every voke 1
 Is it not to deal thy biead to the hungry,
 and that thou bring the poor that are cast out
 to thy house 7 w hen thou seest the naked that
 1 thou coveifhnn artd that thou hide not thyself
 from thine own flesh I
 Then shall thy light break forth as the
 morning, and thy health shall spriug forth
 speedily and fhy righteousness shall go before
 thee; the glory of the Ix»rd shall be thy rere
 wared.
 Then shalt thou call, and the Lord shall
 answer; thou shall cry, and he shall say,
 Here I arn. If thou take away from the midst
 of thee the yoke, the putting forth of the fin
 ger, and speaking vanity: And U thou draw
 out thy soul to the hungry, and satisfy the
 afflicted soul then shall thy light rtae in
 obscurity, and thv darkness be as the noon
 day
 And ihe Lord shall guide thee continually,
 and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat
 thy bones and thou shall be like a watered
 garden, and like a spring of water, w hose wa
 ters fail not.”
 And as this nation hare gre»iou»ly sinned,
in that the; have held three millions of their
 brethren in bonds, to show that we are sin
 cere in our repentant for this our sin, it is
 also earnestly recommended, in accordance
 with the just views of the writer above, that
 “we break every yoke, let the oppressed go
 free, and undo the heavy burdens.’’ And, asj
 it becomes the chief magistrate of this nation
 to show such an exunple of repentance, I,
 Zachary I ayloi, will on the day appointed
 namely, the first Friday in August, release
 from their bonds Cm) slaves whom, with
 shame and deep sorrow I confess. 1 have
 held in unlawful and unchristian bondage.
 And in accordance with the promise of Heav
 en, that “if the wicked shall turn from all his
 sins that he hath committed, and do that
 which is lawful and right, he shall surely
 live he shall not die,” —I trust and believe that
 the destroying hand which ia now lifted up
 against us, will be stayed.
A Great (inine at Brag.
 Brave little South Carolina noble Palmetio
 State! your sistpr States can talk; but their
 talk when compared w ith youis is like the
 common conversation of an ordinary person,
 set against the. vollubility of a Billingsgate
 huckster or the poufing out of a tub of
 water with the full flood of Niagara. You out-
 Herod Herod. You set all competition at de
 fiance. You certainly win the day at the
 national game of brag; and are clearly
 entitled to all the honor or profit accruing
 therefrom. But with all the bluster of South
 Carolina,her honestv is commendable. There
 is no sneaking under provisoes and guaran
 tiesm ihe direct language of her son 9. They
 speak out what they mean, and that in very
 square English. The Charleston Mercury
 contains an account of a glorious celebration
 of the “glorious Fourth,” at Orangeburg, in
 the Calhoun State. The politicians met on
 that day set apart for the celebration of Am
 erican Independence, in a slate of small-beer
 explosiveness. After dinner the cork was
 drawn and forthwith such a volley of froth and
 fury came pouring out! It was well that
 Independence day came at the time it did.
 If it had been but one or two days later it is
 impossible to say what might have happened.
 The pent-up steam not finding any outlet,
 would doubtless have distended the enclosing
 vessel most enormously. The least mischief
 which it could have done certainly must have
 been, that many a panting spouter would
 have found himselt, like a fish out ot water,
 gasping for its native element—if not like the
 frog whichjfancied itself as big as a bull,
 actually burst with long-continued continence
 of its own wind Brave wind-bags it’s a
 pity you have not a better cause but in the
 midst of it all you said some good things—
 more perhaps, than you were yourselves
 aware of. At least with very immateria
 amendments, your gasconading resolutions
 may be turned to good account, and made tc
 mean very direct and honest truth.
 The Constitution of the United States —Des
 igned by its framers to secure Equal Bight!
 to the members of the Confederacy, it has
 been rendered to the South an instrument o
 Oppresssion and a Curse.
 “The members Confederacy”—whe
 are they If from the Confederacy were
 meant to be the colored inhabitants
 of this country, most undoubtedly the eflect
 has been, whatever the design was, to secure
 to all its members equal rights to rob, crush,
 plunder, and oppress the negro-American.
 A large portion of the compact is expressly
 framed to make such oppression legal, and to
 bind all parties to its inviolable preservation.
 That it has also been “rendered an instrument
 of oppression and a curse” to a very large
 proportion of the inhabitants of the South,
 ir very apparent,—tor at thus moment up
 wards ol' three millions of the Southern popu
 lation are kept, under its deep
 and intolerable slavery.
 The Unton —In its purity we would cling
 to it with filial devotion. As now corrupted,
 it is not worth preserving.
 Abolitionists have been accused of holding
 opinions very much in accordance with those
 of the South Carolinians but some of them
 will be surprised to find so many points of
 agreement as there are between them. The
 above assertion is most true. “The Union, 38
 now corrupted, is not worth preserving”—
 nay more —it ought not to be preserved.
 Cemented as it is by the blood, and tears,
 and agonies of the perishing slave, it ought
 to be shattered. It is a most unholy alliance,
 on which the curse of Heaven does and must
 rest. Take youiselves away, say we; rake
 with you your slavery and your shame con
 tinue, if you can by yourselves to buy and
 sell, and bruise the downtrodden image of
 God But for us we wish to have no part
 nor lot in that matter. “The sin of it is rank,
 and smells to Heaven.” We wash our
 hands of it. We leave you, if you choose it
 so, revelling in your filth and disgiace. We
 would gladly that you should stay with us,
 and share in the advantages of our growing in
 telligence and morality but if you will not
 1 if you w ill continue to hold slaves, we w ant
 no share of the profit; we are determined
 to share no longer any of the shame and
 disgrace. If you can by your own power,
 keep three millions of human beings in bonds,
 do it; if you cannot, you alone must bear the
 i fearful retribution which awaits those who do
 I wickedly.
 i By General I). F. Jarnison (the Orator of
 the Hay:) The Surth and the South —I*et the
 issue between them lie made at once if the
 Union is jeopardied thereby, we care not, so
 the South be safe.
 We cannot swallow this sentiment with
 out some slight amendment. Some at the
 1 North do not consider the jeopardizing of the
 Union a matter of very great importance.
 They can even see some cause |of rejoicing
 to the world, when it is jeopardized. But as
 both the North and the South, in so far as
 they support the wrong, are deserving of
 I condemnation and as all they can do, jointly
 and separately cannot prevent the final prev
 alence of Justice, a slight amendment at the
 end of this sentiment seems desirable —name-
 ly, instead of so the South is safe,” say—
 ‘‘for the Right is safe.”
 By Dr. J. H. Morgan Resistance to ag
 gressions upon Southern rights, by the whole
 South if it will: but by South Carolina any
 how, at all hazards, and to the last extremi
 ty—
 ••Carolina' Carolina' Hraveo’* bfe*&lt;ni»gt attend her,
 Through life w* will rbrrwb, fev*, and defend her
 Though w-ofler* nui *cocn. and Ulings detune her,
 Our heart* beat with pcid* whenever we name tier.
 There seems reason to suppose that we shall
 have to take issue with our John C. Calhoun
 friends entirely on this sentiment—especial
 ly the poetry “Theieli hut coe iiep” says
the adage, “from the sublime to the ridicn
 iouv.” Dr. J. H. when he con
 cocted the above, undoubtedly took that
 step, “Carolina Carolina'*' “Oh Sophor
 i*ba Soph on u«ba &gt;h little* demoiselle#
 without wing#, ought notto stand on great
 heights they are apt to get dizzy, and to
 come toppling down, after a very ungraceful
 fashion, reminding one irresistibly of the hula
 child’s doggr*], which by the wav is ;ust as
 good poetry, and has a great deal more mean
 ing, and is more germane to the case, than
 this halting attempt of !&gt;r. J H. Morgan
 "Hufthuta loin on i i*r tree top,
 hen the w inri blow the cradle w ill
 When the tree 4v»kf. u*» cradle will 1,15
 And dow n tumbles Inin- cradle a id a!|'"
 Dear little South Carolina' have a cate
 in your venturous flights, some such catastro
 phe should betal yon, and then the dry
 eves there will be at your e\j»ense Do be
 ware Still w e honor you for your candor
 and intrepidity. Thu trouble is, that your
 valor all explodes in speech ar.d on paper,
 and there’s an end on’t. Do try for once
 what mil happen, if you stick to it. Don't
 take steel for it though for as Butler sa\s.
 “Great aretheili»mn'r&lt;i that environ
 Those who meddle with cold iron.”
 You better not have any fighting about u,
 —that's worse than useless—it would on!v
 cut a few throats at.d takeoff a few heads
 which perhaps are not of much use to anv
 but the owners—still they might miss them.
 You can do it all peacabely. Just take your
 selves out of the Union, and “don't sav noth
 in' to nodody,” and look, on m sublime
 complacency, while the world goes to wreck
 in consequence.
 The orator of the day made a speech about
 the causes in operation in the Northern
 States, destined to prove fatal to free institn
 lions; the superior adapledne?3 of Southern
 institutions to preserve, under a republican
 form of government, a well regulated liberty
 the gradual progress of the slavery question
 and the utter, hopeless, and universal ruin
 which must overtake the South, if it be nut
 arrested," &amp;c. all of which was doubtless
 intended to be understood ironically. Instead
 of free read “slave,’’ and how true is his
 assertion for there is a moral sentiment now
 in progress in these Northern States, which,
 as surely as there is power in Truth, will
 overthrow the slave institutions of this coun
 try. Instead of Liberty,” if we read sla
 very,” again how true the assertion is!
 How well Southern institutions are adapted
 to preserve a well regulated slavery 1
 Every regulation in town and country is made
 with a view to this paramount object; every
 thing else is made subservient to it; no diffi
 culty is too great—no danger too terrific—no
 shame too infamous to be encountered by the
 South for the preservation of her darling
 slave system. And then the universal ruin
 which must overtake the South,” if the
 slavery question be not arrested—oh. the
 keen irony of the speech must have been irre
 sistible ()f course the orator meant to make
 an abolition address, lie knows that South
 Carolina is becoming depopulated of all but
 slaveholders and slaves he sees that the few
 free whites who remain there are gradually
 sinking into deep ignorance and barbarism
 he is well aware that, the lands throughout
 the slave States are rapidly losing their fer
 tility, and that ere many years of the present
 improvident mode of culture have passed over,
 they will be utterly exhausted lie hears the
 voice of the civilised world lifted up against
 slavery he feels in his own conscience that it
 is vvtong —that the blasting curse of Heaven is
 upon the slave .States —he can appreciate all
 this, and therefore the speech quoted from—■
 clothed in irony, it is true, but none the less
 forcible on that account. If he did not mean
 it to be understood thus—if he meant it to be
 understood just as it reads, with all its glaring
 absurdities sticking out of it —we can but sav
 of hirn and his windy compatriots, that they
 afford an admirable confirmation of the truth
 of the old Roman saying, that whom the
 gods wish to destroy they first make mad.”—
 j. d.
 The Phonetic Advocate. A Prospectus
 of a new semi-monthly magazine, to be pub
 lished under this title, has been put into our
 hands. This magazine will be published hi
 Cincinnati, by Longley Brother, It will
 take the place of the Phonetic Magazine,
 published in that city during the past year
 The object of this periodical will be, as its
 name implies, to promote a reform in English
 Spelling. It will he printed in the phonotype
 character, a complete assortment of which has
 been imported from England expressly lot
 the purpose. We w ish it success.
 Revelations or Cholera or, ii* Causes and
 •Jure, By Sami, el Dickson M. D.
 This is the title of a pamphlet recently pub
 lished in Ixmdon, and reprinted in New York,
 with a Preface byWra. Turner, M. D. Dr.
 Dickson says that Cholera is not contagious,
 but is dependent on local—sometimes very
 contracted atmospheric causes, in favor ot
 this opinion he instances bis own experience
 in the British army in the East Indies, and
 on board the ship President. There is much
 in this pamphlet that is worth knowing. We
 like the following from Dr. Ti rnek’m Preface,
 on the means of prevention.— l. d.
 It is perfectly notorious, that cornpar
 auveiy few of those who are in vigorous
 health, or who have opportunities of occa
 sionally breathing fresh country air, or who
 live in good houses, and are not over worked,
 nor over nor under led, nor crowded together
 in sleeping appartinents, nor addicted to in
 temperance, are attacked by Cholera. If a
 deficiency of electricity in the earth or atmos
 phere, or any disturbance of the currents of
 that a'l-pervadmg influence, bring on Chol
 era, by depriving us of our vital electricity,
 and so paralyzing the nerves thst give life to
 the lungs, stomach, and other vital viscera, it
 is still certain, that by far the greater num
 ber are enabled to withstand the deprnation
 or disturbance, w hatever it may be. Instead,
 therefore, of perpetual apprehension at the
 approach or near neighborhood ol holers,
 there should be the most active exertion made
 by every one to get into the best condition to
 resist it, and they must be very lew indeed
 who cannot succeed in insuring their e*-i
 safety, if they take the trouble and practice »ut
 fuctent aelf denial.
 Of all protective# against Cholera, the imM
 effectual is a clean skm
 To preserve the *km in such c.eiwufss,
 assures its perfect lone and health., it
 ficieot to bathe occasionally, or even once
 week, the enure person should be waabe
 ery day, and that for the very reason U«U
 makes roost person# think it unoecesarv
 because we tre so closely covered by
 clothes. Do that very account the p**«&gt; o
 th* akin, which may b« csltei the
"
