"v a lr&lt;»*, are clogged by the deposits of the in*
 it,sensible r aspiration.
 ft msv tAkai as a proved lart, that the
 i It, lera &gt;t caused by any pestilent e\ha-
 j a t lu n. it f not rise from choked up sewers
 ~r CP v. or open stagnant drains, or the
 rtmihiH of a city's tilth up and down its riv
 ,-r*. I&gt;i!t i and all of these debilitate, and
 (i t. ami weaken the power of resistance
 tod"-c/.‘c I ndcr such circumstances, the
 healthful alternations ot motion and tempera
 tore a »n the condition most easy of dt*
 turh e, and mo«t liable to bo ujwvet by the
 cor,,i.nons, whatever they may be, that give
 n«e to me epidemic of the daw It becomes,
 thereiore.the public duty of cverv|indmduai,
 to see that government and the local au
 thor.ties do not sleep over sanitary meas
 ures, and that no pretence of vested rights be
 allowed to stand in the way of the prompt re
 moval of every cause of predi?ponton to dit
 easp.
 In eonculsion, it may be well to remind our
 readers, that although in some instances at
 tacks ot Cholera scorn to come on with the
 utmo*t seventy, almost instantaneously, and
 without anv premonitory symptoms; yet, in by
 far the majority of cases, the patients are dis
 ordered in the stomach and bowels, and are
 out of spirits and oppressed with a feeling of
 lassitude and uneasiness tor Mime days. In
 everv such case, the best advice is, to avoid
 ipiack media nes.
 Tur Ch.ufra seems now, beyond dispute,
 to have made its appearance in this city.
 1 luring the week ending Tuesday, July IT,
 il.e board of Health reported 1 cases, ihe
 Lrgest number of cases reported on anv day
 during the week, was seven. Those seven
 occurred on Tuesday.
 Cholera in Cixcinatti. —Reports of
 cases are suspended for the present, lhe
 number of interments on the 16th, was 87.
 Fire in Am.euhany City.—A telegraph
 ic report from Pittsburg to the Democrat, on
 the 16th, says, that a tremendous lire is now
 raging in Alleghany city. Some 3U build
 ings are in ashes. There is a dispute between
 the firemen and the city council, and no water
 is thrown to stay the progress of the flames.
 'Hie Pittsburg companies are on the spot, but
 the mob will not allow them to work. A
 Inter de-patch says that the military have been
 called out, to enable the Pittsburg lire depart
 ment to do effective service in quelling the fire,
 and to protect the lives ot the citizens.
 1). J. Peck, M. J).—'Hie friends of this
 gentleman in Philadelphia will be pleased to
 learn that he passed through this city, on
 Monday last, on his way "NV est, in excellent
 health and spirits.
 A Preac her Flocioed. —The Shelby, Ky.
 News gives an accoun* of the cow hiding of
 the Rev. C. W. Robinson, by the Chief
 Patrol of the town assisted by his deputy.
 Mr. Robinson's offence was that he had es
 tablished a Sabbaih School for certain negroes
 under his control, and such others as had per
 mission from their masters to attend.
 The cow hiding w as performed of a Sunday
 in the School-room, the ruffians claiming that
 they acted under the directions of the trustees
 which they deny. When the heathen of
 foreign lands, and of all the i.-les ot lhe
 ocean shall have been supplied with Christian
 teachings, th*‘ yearning of philanthropic
 hearts will h'” c leisuie to embrace the w orse
 than heatf .on a land that boasts, how
 loudlv, of* iristianity and the largest libeity.
 •yorthn. f,/;m Ilnnhl.
 Iforu i(&lt; iikei.kv, Mditor of the 'J rilnme,
 was thrown limn his carriage, while riding 1
 •vvitii hi- w ife and child, on Friday last—the
 horse having become unruly and ran away
 with the vehicle, which was almost demol
 ished by the accident. Mr. Greeley was se
 vertT. bruised and cut on the head, hut is
 now convalescent, and able to attend to bu
 sifif'S-*. The lady and child were but slightly
 hurt-( Dm/ Book.)
 St Riots Disturbances in'California.
 Letters from California lo the Newaik Dai
 lv Advertizer, dated in April and May,report
 a bloody affray between a large party ot Or
 egonian? and diggers, and a detachment of
 tome lot) Indians. The latter were the ag
 gressors. having robbed a squad of seven Or
 egon men in the diggins, and killed several.
 The diggers in the neighborhood made com
 mon cause, armed, went in pursuit ot the
 savages, and succeeded in a desperate en
 counter in Killing 1?». of them, including a
 chief, and taking some 50 prisoners. These
 were cunlmed over night m the tort, wheie
 several were butchered by the survivors of the
 original Oregon patty with bowie knives.
 Extensive Svvinmli.no in Canada. On
 ot about Wednesday,the 30th nil. upward of
 jlTu.ooo was abstracted from the Provincial
 chest, by a party of men disguised as legisla
 tors, and who, vve regret to say, have made
 oil with their booty. .Some fellows, supposed
 to be part ot the gang, were seen the same
 evening on board the Qu6bcr boat, and
 others have since been traced to Fpper Cana
 da. We understand that one of the set,
 called Couchon, narrowly escaped being ta
 ken, suspicion having been excited by his en
 deavoring ti&gt; change a ten dollar debenture, at
 Sorel. On being questioned how he became
 possessed of so much money, lie said begot
 H from a gentleman named Wickstead, and on
 his examination was foolishly allowed to de
 part. lie was a steerage passenger and a re
 maikably ill-looking felh-vv. Quebec[(atia~
 ua] British Whig, June 29.
 Discovery of a Fuoitive. —The schooner
 T. I*. Johnson, Capt. M. W. Cornell, from
 Savannah, bound to Philadelphia, put in here
 on .Sunday, having discovered a negro man
 secreted on board, who says his name is Sam
 uel Lafett, and that lie is ftee, and it was his
 intention to go to Philadelphia and re
 lurn. He was lodg' dby the captain at lhe
 guard-house yesterday morning. The vessel
 was out a day and night, and about 25 miles
 off Charleston liar when lie v as discovered.—
 Charleston Mrcnry.
 Peter Pence. lhe New ork Tribune
 savs the Catholic Churches contributed liber
 ally to relieve the Pope—one church a?
 much as £750, another £5OO, and it estimates
 that the 25 Churches of New York and its
 vicinity contributed an average ot 250 each,
 &lt;»r £&lt;&gt;2so.
 Tire Boston Times thinks it was' quit&lt;
 otherwise in tins city. So we would tain
 believe.— hronott/p*
 From Yr&lt; \ian, —The Buletin of the It'll
 June contains an account of a sanguinary atlai
 between the Vucateco troops and the Indians
 which took place at a distance of a league Iron
 the town of l ituc, and in which the lbrnie
 were routed with great slaughter. It appear
 by the report «&gt;l the commanding officer, Col
 Jose DoleV«-a Pa&amp;os, that for w ant of provision
 lie was obliged to evacuate Tituc with hia de
 tachmeut, consisting of 535 men, w hich w a
 Affected ■of’ '*e morning of lhe 11 tit. Mhe
 distant o' league from the town he was in
 tercepted v an overwhelming force of Indi
 aiM, uiii. tucked him w till the greatest fury
 Alter standing their ground until a grea
 number were slam, the Y.ucatecoes fled, leav
 ing all their baggage,arnmumiion, in tin
 JiTmls of I heir foes.
 Oi the whole detachment only 187 will
 then cohmel made their escape. They man
 aged to reach Sabau, carrying ofi only tw&lt;
 officers ;nd fifteen soldiers of the wounded
 on the 13th, however, one hundred mor*
 ot the fugitives, with two sub-lieutenant*
 uude fbeir appewaoct; al
Communications.
The Redemption of aba.
 Of ti e many who speculate on the affaire
 of this country, there are but few who un
 derstand »tf&gt; real state and condition it*
 population and resource* —the strength and
 means for sucres* on die part of the oppres-,
 sed whe never the time coma* —the demise
 hour —that eventful moment, which as cer
 tain as the heavens inuat and will come, when
 the oppresold and bondmen of every origin,
 grade, and hue under the despotism of the
 white race, shall determine to strike the fatal
 blow and rend the yoke from every neck
 A colony of the Spanish crown and
 isolated from the parent country several thou
 sand miles in the Cairibeean Sea, stands the
 Island of Tuba. It is true that this island
 stands rather contiguous to and not more
 than forty-eight hours’ sail of a good steamer
 from the American coast. But she is also
 contiguous to and surrounded by the innumer
 able Antilles or other West India Island*
 each of which is well peopled w ith descen
 dants of the African and Indian race, all of
 whom are (save the Danish colonies who are
 partially so,) in the full enjoyment of equal
 rights and privileges, and in many instances
 forming the main force, strength, safety and
 dependence of these colonies. Offices of
 profit, trust, and honor, and the executive
 chair in many of these colonies are now filled
 by this class of the inhabitants, who of course
 will form no trivial opposition against the
 attempt on the part of the oppressors in the
 United States to lend their aid to the oppres
 sors of Cuba.
 The revenue derived by the Spanish gov
 ernment from this colony is immense— twelve
 millions of dollars per annum, chiefly derived
 from the commerce in slaves—a certain per
 centage upon the valuation of each victim
 sold at the Barracoons, with an additional
 siun per “head"’ for each slave held and
 worked on the plantations. I he slave trade
 is enhanced in proportion to the efficiency of
 the Viceroy or governor of the island. r lo
 this end he is allowed the extraordinary per
 quisites in addition to a fixed salary by law,
 besides perhaps other emoluments, of ten
 dollars per “head” on each slave imported
 I into the island, whether or not such slaves
 are detained there; hence, the great policy of
 'making Cuba the great Western slave depot.
 Here it will be observed, that on the impor
 tation of five hundred slaves, the large sum
 of five thousand dollars are realised by the
 executive of the island 1 Of course the in
 terested party, such as the governor, and all
 either directly or indirectly under the patro
 nage of the government, will maintain its
 alliance to Spain with unerring tenacity and
 fidelity; and this party may be accounted by
 far the majority of the whites in Cuba.
 From the foregoing it is evident that the
 government or adhering party must be very
 strong, and it might reasonably be inquired
 into, how the suspicion ever arose or the
 expression found vent, of a desire on the part
 of any portion of the inhabitants of Cuba to
 annex to the United States. The w hole popu
 lation of Cuba is one million two hundred
 and fifty thousand, two fifths of whom are
 whites, and of these, there are probably fifty
 thousand either belonging to or formerly resi
 dents of the United States. Add to this the
 fact that citizens of the United States hold
 interests to the amount of forty millions of
 dollars—these will at once explain the origin
 of the annexation party in Cuba. These fif
 ty thousand Americans are the source and
 origin of all dissatisfaction that has arisen
 against Spain and in flavor of a separation from
 the parent country. Though f by far the min
 ority as such, and totally unable to accom
 plish their object, yet, this American party
 is sufficiently strong and influential* to keep
 up an effective division and disuhion among
 the white inhabitants of the islahd, and an
 eternal hostility in sentiment apd feeling to
 ward each other. The designed negociation
 on the part of the United States for the pay
 ment of the Spanish debt to England, in se
 curity for which a mortgage on Cuba was to
 be obtained as proposed by President Polk,
 is abandoned us a futile measure from its im
 practicability—the debt of Spain to England
 being ascertained on investigation to be the
 enormous sum of three hundred and forty
 millions of dollars! the interest of which
 alone at six per cent, would amount to the
 sum of two millions one hundred thousand
 dollars —a sum so great that the free and free
 dom-loving working people of the non-slave
 bolding states would resist it to the last. '1 his
 there need be no fears but they would oppose,
 because it touches in the right place—tlieii
 intrust; it feels in their pockets. But for this,
 we should place no reliance on their opposition
 to the nefarious project; but were Cuba an
 nexed to the United States, knowing us they
 do that it must be effected for the interest ol
 slaveholders, and that the slave slates art
 already a burden to the free —of course the
 project will be exposed to an effectual defeat
 however much the slave party may desire it
 This is now a settled point —at present the
 project of the Annexation of Cuba, to the
 i United States must fail. Though this pro
 ject fails as it may now be considered a cer
 taiuty, still the strife will continue and tlx
 dissatisfaction theie increase.
 The Captain General as the viceroy it
 styled, is evidently, from his great authority
 the master spirit of the island, and conse
 quently from his immense wealth and powei
 is regarded with an eye of suspicion, hatrec
 and fear, and looked upon with more anxiety
 than the autocrat ol Russia by his serfs. In
 vested with all the powers of government
 civil and military, he is regarded as mort
 potent than the ciowned head of Spain him
 sell. 1 his personage, the tame alike wilt
 predecessors and successors, is so determinec
 i on gain, that, not satisfied with the immemx
 fortune dcnved from the African, slave trade, lx
 has positively effected arrangements, ant
 there are now being brought from Ana thi
 native ol that country—the Mongolian als&lt;
 the native InJmm of ucatan the abongina
 Mexicans, who arc reduced to abject slavery
 And tins will explain the sale of the Indtaj
 boy which recently took place in New Or
 leans—and the change of trade, ar.d thii
 t novel article of commerce in human flesl
 be farther accounted for by the very
 recent scouring of the ester.i coast ol
 Africa by the British, and instruction of all th&lt;
 slave factories known m that part of the con
 nnent, with the continuance of an effective
 squadron Iqi that purpose on the coast. I
is said that there are now six hundred of
 these Asiatic or \fongoban slates in the no
 lle citj of Hanna. Ths number throughout
 the island is considerable, as well as the
 number of Yucatecnea and other Indians.
 These Mongols and Indians, like the Afri
 cans, are obtained from their native country
 by kidnapping and purchase, as prisoners of
 war.
 Ilut one fifth of the population being
 whites, the colored inhabitants are seven hun
 dred and fifty thousand strong—one fourth, or
 one hundred and eighty seven thousand and
 five hundred of whom, are free colored peo
 ple. The sustenance of the colony and its
 loyalty to Spain are dependant upon the
 colored subjects, and the military, the main
 stay of the law —the protector and defender
 of the Captain General and his authority, is
 composed of this class both bond and Iree.
 The slave of Cuba has a right unknown to
 the American slave. He has a right to pur
 chase himself whenever he so desires, and
 the slaveholder is obliged to grant him the
 time whenever he requests it to make the
 money w ith which to purchase his freedom
 hence, the slave is continually obtaining his
 freedom, and only remains in slavery there,
 in consequence of his ignorance of his right
 in that respect by law. Hereout of a popu
 lation of one million and upwards, there are
 nearly eight hundred thousand of the oppres
 sed, nearly two hundred thousand of whom
 are free—the others a hardy race of natives
 from the coast of Africa, Asia, and Centra!
 America—men whose spirit is unsubdued,
 and whose souls have not yet lost the panting
 aspirations of freedom—whose ma jestic forms
 and manly necks have not yet yielded to the
 degrading conditions of slavery—and others
 of like character still coming by importation
 —this is the material ere long that shall
 form the unyielding timber in the political
 machinery of that country's structure, and
 henceforth become the master spirits of the
 island. We thank God, that the Asiatic
 and Indian have been brought to share the
 miseries of the African in Cuba it must be
 a design of heaven. Let them now make com
 mon cause. A oneness of interest, harmony
 of sentiment, concentration of purpose,
 means, mind and talent, and concert of action
 —only well devise these, and but one stroke
 of their ponderous arm will lay the Island in
 travail! —A fearful lamentation—a terrible
 retribution a waits the oppressor at the bands
 of the outraged colored inhabitants of that
 misruled colony!
 Should it be argued that the w hole force
 of the white population backed by the milita
 ry of Spain would bo brought against the
 blacks in the event of a revolution, we answer
 that tins can never prove effectual, since an
 oppoitunity would at once be sought on the
 pait of the Annexationists, to take every ad
 vantage of the issue, and knowing this, as
 the government and loyalists do, the Spanish
 crown, as has already been expressed by an
 otgan of that sovereign located in the city of
 New York for the purpose of sustaining the
 Spanish claims to Cuba, would rather see
 the Island fall into the hands of the blacks
 than annnexed to the United States; or in
 other words that rather than Cuba should
 fall into the bands of the Americans, the
 “slaves shall be armed and the Island laid in
 destruction and blood." This is the deter
 mination of Spain backed by all the loyalists,
 every officer of whom, holding positions in
 Cuba is from the parent conntiy —hence, their
 continual watchfulness, trustworthiness, and
 fidelity to the home government. There is
 indisputably an irreeoncileable division exist
 ing aiming the whites of Cuba —a breach of
 earthquake portention—an obstruction as im
 movable as the lime-aged and valley-deep
 glaciers that fill the vast depths in the moun
 tains of Switzerland—a barrier as insur
 mountable as the loftiest summit of the
 Hammalavahs.
 Nor will the authorities dare the attempt
 to abridge the privileges and rights already
 provided by law and enjoyed by the oppres
 sed of Cuba—the experiences of others have
 taught them a different lesson. The Emper
 or Napoleon during his mad career, alter
 having decreed the slaves of St. Homingo
 and other colonies of France free, made the
 wild and distracted attempt to reduce them
 back to their former condition; but to his
 utter astonishment and dismay, they resisted
 to the knife—the knife to the death. \N ith
 sword in hand, they defied the unequalled
 martial cohorts of France united with Spain,
 and directed by the skill of the man ol
 Corsica—the renowned Napoleon Buona
 parte, the greatest captain of the age who
 j whatever ability he possessed as a military
 chieftain and director of armies, certainly
 betrayed great ignorance of the philosophy
 of human nature. Indeed we have always
 conceived,in the history of this great warrior,
 1 this to be the most defective trait in his char
 acter. Napoleon received far more credit in
 this respect than he ever merited. There are
 instances recorded of great sagacity, deep
 penetration, and seeming great and unerring
 knowledge in this respect —but it was noi
 derived from a thorough and searching know
 ledge of human nature, but simply from a
 knowledge of individuals or classes of indi
 viduals—having learned their characteristics,
 national or local traits, he could manage foi
 the tiipe such individuals or classes, but r.c
 farther. Napoleon’s great power was ic
 1 the strength of his military forces, and his
 success in the policy ol “eternal vigilance'
 —continually on the wing—ever moving
 Irom place to place, ar.d as frequently chang
 ing the form aud policy of his government
 Napoleon was from lime to time, Consul
 I Director, President, Dictator, King, Emperoi
 of the French, and could not have ruled
 over any other people or nation —and not
 even over these, had it not been for his con
 tinual political revolutions—the changes ol
 policy in his government. Napoleon was a
 soldier but not a civilian—a general but not s
 magistrate. Power and skill may make a
 general, but it requires talents and ability—
 judgment and decision deliberaton, and
 more than a slight know ledge of human na
 lure to constitute a good and efficient civil
 magistrate. For the want of this, Napoleon
 failed —totally failed in his attempt to sub
 due the blacks of St. Domingo. Haiti is
 free, and ever shall be. So shall it be in the
 1 of the blacks and colored inhabitants ol
 Cuba —and the first attempt on her at re*-
 itiering the privileges now enjoyed, will b«
 the first staggeTing-step to her death-stneken
 overthrow. Thw was tried after the lau
 II attempt »»insurrection four yean ago by a
decree of that monster-ruffian, the late cap
 tain general, O’Donnell, ordering all the/r«r
 colored people to lease the Island in
 time, elae their peraotif to be imprisoned and
 tbeir ptopertv corfiseated. Bat w« the de
 cree respected 1 Nay, being instituted for the
 purpose of intimidating the oppressed, find
 ing it to fail, they soon discovered tbeir mis
 take and as readily repealed the tnfamoaa
 decree is impolitic and impracticable. Any
 attempt of this nature must fail in its object.
 The world at present is in a state of politi
 cal and civil revolution—contending for equal
 privileges and constitutional liberty. Free
 dom is heard as the theme of every tongue
 —ljberty is shouted as the watch-word of
 the oppressed of every nation. hen Poland
 fell beneath the crushing weight of Russian
 despotism, American indignation was aroused
 to madness. When Greece dared to brave
 the power of the Turks, America was the
 first to offer the struggling people succor
 When Franee but as yesterday sent flying
 before thp enraged multitude an overthrown
 monarch and declared her self free—America
 was the scene of a universal jubilee, and now
 calls loudly upon all nations and people to
 follow these glorious examples—throw off" the
 yoke, strike down the oppressor, and defy
 the powers of despotism. In this America
 is dishonest and hypocritical— she does not
 intend to extend appeals and sympathies to
 the oppressed millions of colored races through
 out the world. With three millions of op
 pressed in her own borders, she overlooks
 entirely these and sees clearly at a distance
 the oppression of the white race.
 Let the colored races look well to their
 own interests—let them act for themselves.
 This we have determined ever to do. Tlitee
 millions of our brethren and kinsmen groan
 in servitude in the United States of America
 —in bondage and degradation unsurpassed by
 any that ever disgraced the world and out
 raged humanity. For these there are many
 moral agents now at work, by which means
 we shall hope and trust for success, and by
 whom we shall ever stand and never yield,
 while the stench of their affliction continues
 to pollute the air, administering to their ne
 cessities as far as in out power lies to reach
 them bv the balm of moral consolation, until
 every fetter shall he riven, and every shackle
 shall be shattered, and the bondman of Am
 erica is made every whit whole. But the
 oppressed of Cuba have not this moral conso
 lation at hand—no moral agencies at work
 directly for them. They must take there cause
 in their own hands, and use the means ade
 quate to the ends—the means within their
 reach. These means they have. Let them
 hut remember the masterly and noble reply
 of Henry Christophe, one of the oppressed ol
 St. Domingo, who in answer to general Le
 clerc the able captain and brother-in-law of the
 emperor Napoleon, said, “It is needless to
 count on numbers or means. My determina
 tion to be a man and fireman, is the sum ot
 my arithmetic!” But let them come to this
 noble determination and conclusion, and the
 colored races of Cuba are free.’ —Slavery
 must and will fall!—The slaveholders’ doom
 is irrevocably sealed !—Sealed forever there
 The blood of the murdered Placido and his
 brave compatriots, still cries aloud for justice,
 and vengeance must soonei or later overtake
 tbeir guilty oppressors and inquisitors of that
 memorable event. Take courage—courage,
 discomfited bondman of Cuba—your redemp
 tion draweth nigh! Already is that anxious
 and eventful morning approaching—its dawn
 is visible in ihe distant horizon —the day-star
 appears in the midst and gives additional
 splendor |to ’its brilliancy. Hold up youi
 heads—cheer Up your spirits—let your hearts
 even be glad. Brace your muscles—nerve
 your arms wi«h a full determination to strike
 for Liberty, and never cease until you have
 gained it.
 Send up your aspirations to high heaven—
 invoke the aid of the Lord of hosts—beseech
 him in righteous solicitude to satisfy you
 whether or not it be his will to
 “Sec Afric’s sons and daughters toil,
 Oav after day, year after year,
 I'pon this blood bemoi«iened soil,
 And to tbeir cries turn a deaf ear l
 t'anst il*mi the white oppressor bles=
 With verdant hills and fruitlul plains,
 Regardless of tlte slave’s distress
 I'limiudful of die black man’s chains 1
 No, the day has arrived when the colored
 race must advocate their own cause—when we
 must defend ourselves and the cause of our
 brethren, regardless of consequences.
 Too long have we been diffident upon this
 subject, and featful to speak—too long have
 we submitted to be gulled by our white op
 pressors by permitting ourselves to believe
 that to be criminal in us which is commend
 able in them—vicious in us which is virtuous
 in them. Let this no longer be the case,
 but whenever you are ready, hoist the flag
 and draw the sword of revolution, and put
 your oppressors in Cuba to a terrible flight.
 In this you will have the prayers and appro
 bation of all the assimilated oppressed through
 out the world in general and in America in
 particular. —And to far as is consistent with
 our idea of right, our aid in approbation, en
 couragement, advice and counsel, were it
 possibl%to give it, shall ever be at your ser
 vice. If it were just and right for Poland,
 Greece, France and Rome, to strike down
 tyranny and assert their light to civil liberty
 if i t W ere an act in France, worthy the
 commendation, praise, and honor of the
 American people, to stake down the oppres
 sor, throw off the burden of an unjust govem
 i mer.t, and declare in favor of “Liberty, Equali
 ty. Fraternity,then will it be just and right
 in you.
 “Armed with d* vindicatingbraud—
 For once the tyrant's heart should feel,
 No milk-sop |dea should May my hand—
 The slave’s great wrong, would drive ibe aieel’”
 And should ever the time come when we
 become so re rear.t to the cause of our op
 pressed brethren as to refuse them our aid in
 the righteous and sacred cause of hberty
 auy the earth—the grave refuse our body a
 resting place, and “vaulted heaven"’ our
 spirit a home.
 ••How h»og -di Lord ere tb&lt;&lt;u wik *prah
 In thy Almighty—^ihui.i.rmg
 To b*d liw oppressor*’ fetter* break,
 And Ethiopia's sou rejoice
 M R. D.
 St Lot is, UUh—Number of death*
 from cholera for the past 24 hours 58.
 Bi ff *i-o— l~«b.— Thirty-one cases of chol
 era and 8 deaths for the last 24 hour*.
 New Yoti, -July 17—3 M —Tha
 Board of Health report 101 case* of cbokn
 and H death* etoct ynurday.
Commercial.
Rocriitii, Jah W, IMS-
 The pa«t week ku hem aw of extreme dull
 Mii. There hare not heen any trxamctiow* in
 produce worthy of notice, and but fr»
 from the country. It will be recollected that it
 now the *wm bu«y time in the yrur with farmery
 awl they have rn*» to be thankful fee the neh and
 lUwhit reward thot they are now pretty certain
 to receive fer their hhor, in an ample harvest.
 Rochester Wholmlc Pncet fiireil.
 FI.OI'R asd MEAL—Dart 30 |p c »d ral
 Flour, Ud 4 Titfs 00
 Com meal. ff h»**h 45 S 30
 PROVISIONS —Duty; Beef.Pork.Ham*, Bacon.
 Butter and Lard, 20 fp c; Cheee* 30 ead val
 Pork, (meat) 00 W 12 0t»
 Do. in hoe
 Beef, cwt. 4 00 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700 0 8
 Lard (tried) tt Sb
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked) 7
 Shoulders, do. 5
 Butter 9 11
 Cheese 05 07
 T urkeys if !b
 Chickens _®4
 Potatoes, Irish 50 (6 7a
 GR.YIN—Doty; 20 (p e ad Tal
 Wlieat, bush 1
 Corn ®..50
 Rye M
 Oat*
 Barley W
 HIDES—Duty; 5 cad val
 Slaughter S|
 Calf
 Sheep Pelts T 40 0 i-i
 SEEDS—Duty Linseed 10 *c; Mustard 20
 r ad val
 Clover S&lt;sl®•&gt; 00
 Timothy .15043223
 Flax 1 °0
 FISH— Duty on foreign caught; 20 *cad ml
 Whitehall bbl '99
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, bbl 125
 Apple*. (p bu*
 Do. dried bush. 62J
 FVjgs, If doz W
 Deans, (f Ixish &lt;5
 Hay, If ton 700 fit 11 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood i
2V&amp;»ertisemcnts.
 JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with new Job Type, for the execution of every
 deaeription of Printing with neatness and despatch,
 at the lowest prices for cash, viz:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, Bill-heads,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Isabels, &amp;o.
Antislavery office and Reading Room,
 No. 25 Buffalo St. Rochester, opposite the Arcade.
 THIS office has been newly stocked with the
 latest and best works on slavery and other moral
 questions. Among them are the Young Abolitionist
 —Poverty its illegal causes and legal cure—The
 Power of Kindness—The Branded Hand—History
 of the Mexican war—'Tlieodnre Parker’s Ser
 mon on J. Q. Adams—do on the Mexican war—
 do his letters to the People of the United States—
 flie Church as it is or the Forlorn hope of Slavery
 —Despotism in America, and Archy Moore.
 I intend to have in connection with office a Cir
 culating Library, as soon as I can get a sufficient
 number of useful and instructive books of a moral
 and scientific character.
 JOHN S. JACOBS.
New Watch aad Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE having changed his partnership
 relation*, lias removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where he is prepared
 successfully to compete in the sale of an entire new'
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 English, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Fingpr-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a Variety of I-adies’ and
 Gentlemen** Breast-Fins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Fens,
 best quality. Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, &amp;c. &amp;r.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired that the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, w arranted at pure as Ame
 rican coin.
 Will also keep an assortment of Arcordeons and
 other Musical Instruments, which will he sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eight-day, 3U hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REPAIRING, faithfully done and war
 ranted bv an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. 11 State Street.
 1 J. KEDZIE Co.
 i p tg To die Farme. t in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variely of Barometers
 which w ill give that knowledge of the changes of the
 weather, so as to he able to adopt Ins business to its
 variations. Pie -se call and examine them, as ever-.
 i man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15,1848. ,n
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform tlie citizen# of Rochester
 and surrounding country-, tlrat I Itave removed mv
 office tiorn No. Hh Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl lor past favor# in tlie line of my profes
 sion, and flattering mvseif that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who mav favor me with their pa
 trona-'p. I would invite all those who are de
 «iron* of having operation# performed on tlie teeth or
 ofhaving teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operation* performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate YVork warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf.
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 rail-road;
 CHANGE IN TIME- —The trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-dajr at the following time
 Eastward—at la. m., 84 a. m., Ir. m. 7|p.m.
 YY e-tward—at 4j a. m., 9 a.h., 2j V. x. 7 r.x.
 Rochester, May 1, 1849.
Lraud I’elebralloi.—Freedom’s
 Annual Jnbllef.
 THE Anniversary of YVe*t India Emancipation,
 w ill be celebrated at the city of Buffalo, on tlie
 Fir*t dav of August next. Grand and extensive
 preparations are being made Dr make it one of the
 most brilliant affair* upon record. A general in
 vitation 1# given to all Freedom’* Friend* through
 out the Stale and eLewhere.
 Come one I come all I
 GEORGE YY EIR, Jr.,
 Hec’v of Committee of Arrangements.
Central tran4 lelebratien.— Free
 iom’s Annual Jubilee.
 THE Anmver»ary of YY'e*l Imiiz Emancipation
 will be celebrated in the city of Auburn, on the
 First day of August next Extensive preparation*
 are being made to make it one of the mo*t brilliant
 affair* upon record. A general invitation i» given
 to all Freedom’* Friend* throughout the .State and
 elsewhere. Come old and voong' mo# oar, come
 all. J- W.'QUNCT,
 Sec of Com. of ArrangemeoU.
 Ifav 11, 1849.
The 0U Cirasity Shay,
 r .4f No 48 Eidumgt Street Rochester.
 LUJ YD SCOTT, grateful fer the patrrmage
 awarded him, would re#y** tfudy tnferm hn
 tri*-ad* aad the public genentily, that he ha* receailv
 eularged hr# establishment and aogmemed hi# *t'#
 of Men’*, YY'otnen’#, and Children’*. New and
 .Sec-mG hand apparel. In adiiitmn to this depart
 ment he will buy and mil Hoorn and Store L urar
 tjre, B*xhk«, Jewelry, Fancy article*, Mechamal
 and agriculiural implemenL*, and indeed all tar»m
 vanou* odd* and ewi*” ®f which may nos In
 readily obtained at other place*. It i* kit u*e«t»o&gt;
 to, keep The Old Cmtmly Shop” well fermaiw.
 with an eadfe** varietv of articles fee wh*eh he w»l
 pav liberally and of at *an»facu*ry price*.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with acaiMM
 ,wd denpatch.
 Dout ferget The Old Curcwity Shop.
 Rorhester March 184*.
James w. mondormi.no *.u coM.noe*t«
 keep the Groacry Struod Street, comer of
 Elm, North aide, lia* eoa-taatiy oa hand every
 vanetv of Grunerie*.
 Ctawwihi*, Ohio, jaly If, lb#v
Narrative of the uff. ok frf.df.r
 ICK DOUGLASS. wmtm* by himaelf. to be
 bad at this oftrr. price 9© rents; new Edrt. 37 *c
Bair-fitiiK and Drrssii* at
 Ralph francis*# B*ww», erw ik r.v£v
 jo) 14—S*n
SEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
&lt;tiered Sailers' flewr,
 33d, Pearl Sir erf, .Nev* York.
 FRIENDS of the skive, and stranger* nn a vi&gt;i»
 to New York, can d»« he accommodated &lt;*uh
 a# good Board, and at a# low a price a* m any other
 hou-r in the city. TV house is large and con
 venient will fe&gt;U eomfenabh seventy persons.
 Families ran have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their rorofott. YY M. P POyVF.LL,
 May 11, IMS.
JJR. J. M CU.NF. SMITH. 93. West Bread-
MRS. PFTTIT would respectfully inlorm her
 Friends ami the Public, that #be ba&lt; removed
 from 150 to a commodious boose No. 162. t'hnrcb
 Street, wliere #hc will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Beard ami Lodging.
 New York, May 11. I*fB.
PHI I. \DEt.PHI V ADVERTISEM'TS.
 Central Intellieenre 0 flirt.
 (N F.O. W. GOT NFS having opened an Establish-
 T ment at tlie Phii. ADRLPHi v litsrtTPTt,
 l,oml»ard Street, above Seventh, for tlve puryvose ot
 ;&gt;roeurmg honest and faithful domestics for those
 who inav require them, and obtaining places for
 such as arc qualified and in want thereof. Vg* leave
 to refer to the following nameJ geniletnen, who h ive
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 rkffrfxcfs:
 Awrrew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of tlie Inquirer
 Jasper Herding, Publisher ot the Inquirer
 Cliarfe# J. Peterson, Editor ot Neal’s Garotte
 Titos. B. Florence, Editor of Times ami Kc\ stone
 Roliert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catlterine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. l v —36.
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. lv—36
CHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848. mf9
Free Labor Loo«i*.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. !&gt;l, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black anil white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton, j
 &amp;c. &amp;o.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, HI, North
 Filth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. AWo a hnndaom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, anil usetu
 and Fanry Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to lie directed to J. Miller McKim, HI, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul —tl
UNPARALLED IX THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered
 TIME ami have billy proved that this
 I'NIYKRSAL UEMF.ITY lias not it* equal
 on the list of popular medicine*, having lieen before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of tlie most disinterested character ot its won
 derful effect* on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spi
 nal remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OT THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted tlie attention of
 tire Farrier and Farmer, aud the wonder of tlie
 publtc generally, it has Iteen successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies w hich
 AFFLH’T THE HUMAN RM E.
 Ignorauce of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can |&gt;o#si-s* w ithin
 tUeif tlie virtue of curing many disease*. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen sears lias nevertheless
 established the tact, tlrat Merchant’* Uelebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Emin or ation,
 w ill cure most vases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remed.es have completely *aded:
 RHEUMATISM, PAISFUI, NE'RVOI.'S AE
 fection*, Bites of Animal*, Fro*t Bites, C’oi ns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burn*,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strain#, hpinin*,
 Ulcer# from local cause*. Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the inus
 ele*,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Al#o a host of diseases
 in Horses and otlier
 animal#,such as
 SPA 17-Y.V,
 Sweenev,
 RINGBONE,
 YVindgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Tracked Heel#,
 Gall* of all kinds,
 Frc-h Wound*, Bruises,
 Fistula, !Bitfa-t, Strain#, Lame e- s,
 Sand Crack#, Foumlered Feet, Bcr.ltrl.es,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARC Y, 4- 4"
 Numerou* are the unno iicited nt'itement* of pa
 1 tient# them*elve#,aad others who have used the Oil
 I of' cures which in theiu.#eive« appear *o reinarkabl*
 that weretiwy at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 1 they could hardly have In-en credite I.
 'l ire celebrated Dr. Parker also write* a# fellows
 Dear Sir. 1 luve preserved your Gargl ng Oil ai
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 a* a liniment, with marked «ucce.-s, and woul I rone
 j Loend it to pfiysidau* generally lor external use ir,
 tail contusion*, tumor#, sprain#, white •welling*
 and in all rheumatic affection#, where exicrun
 i mean* are necessary. A* a discutient, it 1. harm
 j lev* where iJ&lt;e febrile tyrrq tom* fiave lier-o reduced
 Iry general treatment. In #och case#, it i# tlie nio»i
 efficient remedy wunin lire circle r&gt;f mean* now in
 u*e.
 j I would ain recotnmerei it to community at lari'*
 as a #afe ami powerful remedy wliere titers- ie
 general fever in all tin: al#iVe disease*, to uw.i
 freely, an&lt;t to counteract uiffaumiatwsn in a remark
 aide manner. In loxnseii wousui* it preteat# •well
 ing, and cotwequeut wsrencs* in hot weailwr.
 From the peculiar nature of tin# Ort, and tlw
 uaparaiieied *ucce#* it ha* met with in the hare!# ol
 the FARRIER, FARMER aeui STAGE PRO
 i PRJETOR, it 1* hut ji»tire In -ay, lb*t of lh»
 1 great number of medir uri whah have lee# offered
 resoe Gave been well adaptei! to tlie prompt cur.
 cA Dl*s-a*ea to which Horse* ore lutde ,r has heei
 very ju*ti» railed a Complete Panacea t# ihe lior*e
 For inManre, read the toilow mg
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 Thi* i* to certify that l have has! fer many years if*
 j rare of from one hureireif to two tune it ed hnnen
 1 ami have tnaile uae ol Merchant'■ Gary bug Oil
 two year* part, ami ran «afe!y uy, that i&lt;* ail tl«
 di*ea*ev that fee«e* are balile to, I oeVi-r *aw tl
 eqial. I u*e ats.ut ~-ue hoCtle per month, amf re
 j eommeml it to Ute puidtc a. tie be.r unlviae fo
 bus mi now m use. E 1&gt; MINOR.
 All order* addressed to live propneGif will b
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Ageut, ami *ee what woo
 d*r» are arcianpluhed by ihe u*e of th»» lurdicmr
 Hohl by rewiiertabte deafer* generally 1* the 1
 led Mate* »r*i anfeia.
 Also fe Po*t 4* Willis, YY n.
 S«AR, WiltLOW It lot 11. D- »Y ah*
 Hoc tie tier.
 M k E Gavferd. !leuder*oa k
 kmi, C».; G Dmg It Mm. ted—T O
 h Israel, Cmmumt,. O
 Hhff»»wr k Co. B«*»fe; Oremm
 f D Orw k Tr« 7»
sloavs toinn,
 (XJ* n»,)«i*N advertised by W. B. Blowa
 are sold lw Post f. W,jy,. W im k. w Yowaf. Ro
 rliestrr; S. Keo»la* ,4'rvnkfrwi A. S. Baireio It
 Co., I/*i*t T. k A. Frye, Reorkport; Caleb
 Nve, fxtdurd; YY. Yl'iHuuw, Bofttb by
 mo-t drngg»#t* throwfboot the l ailed Stateo.
 family ointment.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT now imivervaily ac
 knowledged to lie an infallible remedy, m rvery
 ra-e where it ba« be. n tartkfedK applied on lb* hu
 man ‘v-tern for promoting Insensible Perepiratroa.
 drawing out tbr inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of ever* and m it# healing q«ah
 t»rs the world Joe« not peodore it* eqoal, arvl the
 pofdn- pronounce it the cheapest and beat 1 amdy
 Oiatment that ha* ever been used. AH Urseases at
 the Fle&lt;b. Obatmate l leers, OM Soce«, Chi Wain#,
 Sore Throat. Burn*. Cuts. Couaeous Fjuptioo.
 Sore Nipple-. Sore Breast*, Diseases ot the Eye,
 Ague in the Uce, -ide.Vurk, and the other part* ot"
 the system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald Head, Braise*.
 Fresit YY ,mnds, and every kind of .-ore* contatnugf
 the least particle ot' inflamtmt ion are permanency
 cured bv this great retnrdv.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 (•ratal Depot,4o Lake Chicago, 111.
 W( can’t GET ALONG WtTHOVT IT.
 film’s Grove, YY id Co., lU.,
 tVtolwr 24.1848 V
 Ylr. Stitts—Sir: I have tented the virtue of
 your Ointment m the c««re of rattlesnake lutes, me*
 ihnat, hum, and many other injuries, and in every
 case it Iwt i surjws-eil our exprciatioos. A* a fami
 ly Ointment l hive nevet seen its equal, and fur
 lx'a.‘t« we can’t get along wiiKhU «i.
 Yours, fcc
 MILES M- JOHNSON.
 kVCTT LENT OINTMENT.
 Y|r. Si.osx—Dear Sir. F&lt;*r a cnn.iderald,*
 length of time I mi «evtou«fy afflicted with the
 Rheuinatir complaipt,and applied freely the various
 liniment*, pain killers, Str., without oinammg any
 relief. .Allrr which \mir agent at this place influ
 enced me to trv tour Ointmeut, and within two
 week* from the time I commenced u*mg it, tltepnm
 ceased, an&lt;l l was effectually cured; and *hall re
 commend all who are -iuiilatlt all!tried w ith the dis
 tre.*«ing complaint, to procure tour exceUent oint
 ment without delay. Resp’t v&lt;mv*,
 OSCAR F. MOTT.
 Princeville, Peoria co., 111., May 1, 48.
 finger rittkn entirely off'
 Two Miles Smith of Chicago,
 Sept. 14, 1848.
 Dn. Stott—Sir On tlie Bth inst. my son had a
 linger bitten cut irclt ofl by ahorse. YY e immetli
 atelv applied votir celebrated Ointment which re
 lieved him of j’xrin in a few minutes, and prevented
 the linger from swelling the least particle, and the
 wound i* now healing rapidly.
 Respectfully yours,
 S. ROCKWAY.
 miNfF AHTICI.r.
 Arc any afflicted with (mins,bruises, cuts ov*ore.v
 of any kind 1 Let them read YV. B. Sloan’* ad
 vertisement in another column, Y\ e believe this
 ointment to tie a prime article tor auv thing ot the
 kind and no hmnUig. Trv a little ..l it helore
 aiffer any longer. It can be had at nearly till the
 stores in-this place. —[kuov Intelligencer.
 the best and cheapest
 HO USE MEDICINF.
 IN TUB wont.o.
SLOAN'S OINTMENT
 CONDITION POWDR
 have earned a great name.
 t'm- Puntp, Mildness, Safety, Certmniy
 and 'l'hornw’hnfss SLOAS'S
 OINTMENT Facets,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointment* am'
 Liniment* now in use for I lie cure of the following
 disease#
 Fresh Wound#, Galls of all kind#, S ora ins.
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringlione, YVindgttll#, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavin#, Sweeney, Fistula, Silfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sami Cracks, Foundered feet.
 Seralelies or (itease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengtlien every part of tire liody and
 has proved a sovereign remedy lor the following
 disease#:
 Distemper, Fliile-lioruid, lam* of Appetite, In
 ward Strains, Y ellow YY ater.elnflannnation of the
 Eves, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rhcmn.i
 tisin, (eoinnioiilj called *tifl eomphiint,) winch
 prove* so fatal to many valuable horses in tin*
 country. It i* also a *ale and certain remedy foe
 coughs android*, which generate so man\ fatal dii
 easts. YV. 11. SLrtAN,
 Grand lh-pot, f 0 Lake st., Chicago, lllinojs.
 EYTIt At l FROM THE “GALENA NORTH-WESTERN
 GAZETTE.'’
 Bv the u#e of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 Powder, 1 have entirely cured a Fistula on rny
 Ikirre, and otherwise unproved In* condition more
 titan 500 jier cent, on tlie cost of tire medicine And
 a cow winch was #o feeble a* to lie bonsnJe/ri)
 wortlik-* by rntself nnd neighbor*, waa restored to
 good health ami strength by tlie line of lea* than hail
 a package ol the powder, an I is now doing la-tier
 I Iran an v other cow I have. YYWf. YLNCENT.
 .Small Pox, May 13,1848.
 POPrf.AR OPINION.
 If popular opinion ii any criterion of tlie woith
 r&gt;| an article, we invite the incredulous to read at
 lea*t a few of tlie many voluntary certificates whiiii
 appear in ot r column# respecting the great variety
 of remarkable cure# effected l*y tlie use of Sloan’*
 celeliraied Ointment ami Condition Powder.”
 These remedies no longer remain among tho*** ol
 doubtful utility; they have pa*»ed from tire tide &lt;4
 experiment, and now stand higlier m reputation, ami
 are becoming more extensively used than all otliei
 article* of the kind.—[Yliehigan City News.
 mr. half ham not been told.
 Fox River, June 12, *4B.
 Dr. Sloan-—Dear Sir: Please arid by rhe hear
 er a new supply of your llor-e .Medicine*. 7hev
 are tlie la-st article# of tlie kind that i have ever
 u&gt;ed»never hating la-en disappointed irt their effret
 a* I have lieen in tlie u*e of oilier, even die most
 celebrated Ointment#, Liniment#, fee,, of tire day.
 I tike very much tin* feature m them, viz: that they
 do all that i* firoiiiived, and npoii a thorough trial,
 one i» constrained to add that “half lia* not l*ten
 loUL" Reepect frilly,
 M. DUDLEY
 the difference.
 Tlie oroinan Ointments ami Liniment#, it nr well
 kru,wn, are severe ami partial in tlreir Operatsori.
 Sloan’* Ointment is mild, yet thormiglr-— it reaclir.-
 ami remove* tlie cause, hence it give* real ami pei
 isaw-nt relief.
 Lor purity, iinklne*', safety, certainty, arid tlior
 oughoe*-, Mk.an’* tJuitment excels, ami is rapidly
 superseding all Other oiatment* ami liniments oow
 in use.
 GOOD MEWft.
 Chicago, Jan. Bth, 184 fl
 W. B. HLOA*—Sir fine of my lsor*e*wa* Issil
 bound ami also wouniied in the utiffe, m wlmh t*e
 took colii, ami lieeame u&gt; erijiplcd ilut lie couUl
 scareely travel. By tlie free application of vooc
 v.ihsabk' Giotinent, his hoof* were ism w,ftehe*f ami
 lire stifle permanent tv cured.
 I have also uaesl llie tiinlua-nt m the Case of Poll-
 Evil amt wi »evere gall# wnii equal »ue«e»*.
 On a masiied finger that was very paiului it oje
 eratnd like a charm. Yours, Itc,
 A. VAN OKDFN
 EXTRAORDINARY Ct’RE.
 F&lt;air mile* north of Chicago, (on road to i
 M dwaukte,) C««»k co., HL.Apsil 13, '4B J
 Mr ,Bloa %—l)eat Si/ &lt;hr id my hor-e* had
 large I jon&gt; Ti«»ic &lt;sa lit* liteaM ia#*&gt;i»t#ly
 I under the collar, wbirb iarned him ami remhred his
 serve cs 4 very Utile vaW. I f-Hhfady *,mise.t
 •ereral IsrMlle. of lb Tavloe’#
 Liiiiiner.t, w.thosM ihe 1 '"f.
 cured YV.kle,’. CeW-atmi
 ,med Om. mud I to*—- i
 I .trf- auitnab Firiailv, I &lt;a4alned a
 ins's vahmlde f&gt;-«ti«e*», aad &gt;a feta
 titan bU ’.an fe— ffAdwatma H-
 *»l the imr*e was well.
 turiy KDYYAKD ARMSTRONG.
 gratifying nmixictNCk.
 ftrm every |*srt of the country where Sto*U&gt;’«
 r*e OaianM ami C«adu.o*i I'uwdee” have tmea
 iWUmlacesi, the pruprirGs* ha* received the most
 gratify o'.g uiGlligewe of their reasarkabW rS«- t an
 papaferity In a multitude of nwUzsre#, (he, have
 t/i.anphed over unraaes whw h had laflltj u*r ahi.i
 .f rrWirsifii I'sroiNt, aad were coMsletwi rnrura
 tde. These laedsctnea are ropalK vaperaading afl
 vthrr r.iordm WWilht.kt vkKNUtd hur*e* aafl
 cauli.
"
