"p 0 C l V
Jn 1 *3l, lh« following efbmon wa&lt;
 w.delv priu(W in the American newspaper* —Souil
 a* well North—reckleis of u* appUcation it
 .Amet tea a ilavery
 SONG FOR THE FOURTH OT JULY.
 The trumpet ol Liberty immd* thronfh the wot Id,
 And tl e oni»fr*« vtart* at the totind;
 Her standard I’htl.wpht’a hand hat unbilled,
 Ai’dlhe nnuoni are thronging wound,
 mono,
 r »11. tyrant* fall'
 These are the days of Ldtetlj j
 Fall, tyrant*, lull!
 il w noble Urn ardcr that »eire» the soul!
 Mot* it burlt* from the joke an«l the chair*’
 hat power rail the teivot of Freedom control,
 Oi as teniMe remain!
 Fall, tyrants fall, kc.
 Ye atern tower* of despot*! yt dungeon* atvi celh
 Tlie tempest ahall *t*eep jou away
 From west to t!&gt;e eaat tlie (Wad hurricane swells,
 Aud tjranta grow pale with dismay.
 Fall, tjranta. fall, Uc.
 Trie eIaTC ow whoee neck tlie proud despot ioi tre*
 Now teel* that hmuelf i* a man;
 An,l the lord!) ttaarper, wlio ruled with a rod.
 Hide* hi* in-ad ’midst in* »eir,le divan.
 Fall, tjranta. tail, &amp;e.
 Die ntiel dominion of Priestcraft is o’er,
 It* thunder*, irs ftggnw, it* chain*,
 tDuk■ nd will endine the \ile liondage no more,
 VN hile Religion he, freedom in.unta na.
 Fall, tvrant*, fall, Bic.
 1 i.e hvtr.rt of the bee “hail Americans hear
 W ,tli a cold ami ui*en*ihle mind!
 |N each freeman Ins |iart in Hie cltontf alwil bea
 And contend for the light* of mankind.
 1" ill, ijnutf, fall, kc.
 J ndm Bull do Coinmerr tal,
 I HE NEGRO GIRL.
 Mft S. H. Ji. “HUH.
 I tie Nadivillc Ameiicafi v.iv* a neqro gnl 1&gt;
 to&gt;to,i&gt;” to Eoiur ILi*l&gt;\ committed suicide la
 week. to avoid giving iidortnation of her inothei
 place of concealment, who inn aw at.
 And must tin mother feel again
 'l in dungeon rack, the crushing tltain?
 Tlie stinging ncoinge, rite Inttei icer,
 Again fall on mt tortured ear—
 A all defenceless thou hast stood,
 Bi-oeuth the inliuiale I i&gt;h —t), God!
 Anil si melt cared to I ill on high
 'iliy look ol •|«».-echlefs agony
 T hou vtho ua-t e.vei good ami kind—
 To duly all day thought* inclined—
 Whose love ha* keen the one hriglu ray,
 &lt;‘heering my dreai and toilsome way,
 Before my toileting steps could strav
 From the lone eubiu where I lav,
 Anti sohbed awav the weatv bout's,
 'J ill tltou eliouhlH come at shut of llowers;
 The sultry tasks of daylight done,
 To greet me, underneath the moon,
 Stretching my atin* in eager glee.
 At the- litst sight I caught of thee,
 Seat-returning trout tli\ close cm'race
 T’o note g.tj buds wliiclt thou didst place
 W itin n my hand —though dearlv Itouglit
 The toy d thj weary steps hud sought.
 And when my growing strength could share
 Thy mid-daj toils, if noon’* hot glare
 Fell on my shrinking head, how soon
 Thy mother’s heart lias hid me come,
 And smiled to see me gently laid
 Beneath the cool Magnolia’s shade,
 While thy own love-nerved arm ha* wrought
 T he double lask, tnv rest that bought.
 And O. when o'er me sickness came,
 J nnimdtul of thy toil-s(K-nt frame,
 '.in I forget the tender care
 Which seemed each pain to sooth and shared
 i could have deemed it sweet to die
 Beneath that soft, that loving eve,
 i\ Idle thou didst hold mv fevered hand,
 And whisper—of the letter land, y?
 Blight Vision*, winch no longer cheer
 Mv darkened path ol gloom and feat
 !\o* by thy love and hv thv woes,
 Alv inotliei I can ne'er disclose
 T hy lefuge, though mv spirits fri.it r
 At the strange pang* tJieir threatening- paint
 k et I shall quail lieneatii the glunce
 «&gt;l those stem eye*, whose look, peuhanre,
 May read wulim my trembling breast,
 'J he aerret by no words Confessed.
 Rut unapprdli d, the death-closed eat,
 T lien fieire ineimriug tones ina&gt; heal.
 And no ifveahng word lie wrung
 i itiiii deatliV cold lip, and palsied tongue.
 n i- fearful thus to die—
 S «-l, in that brightei woild on high,
 M.iv some svve,-t angel pleati forme,
 r Dear Mother. that l died for thee!
 From the .Nonpareil. 5T
 u milts or t nr.Eii. t[
 r.Y I.llMRrril vi. KC. r KT.
 1 p vvnli thv panting, lamtmg spoil, up’
 Not .-lunik thee at the lonely, toilrome wav
 Hj»li frniii tli* lip to earth tlie drowsy cup.
 And iik &lt;l and toiiqiHi all that vvould delav!
 NVii.*i though the path l&gt;e loitgh and all uuirod,
 \&gt;ul ni-vei footmark meet thv weaiy eves’
 Enough for tine to know there i- a God*
 Enough, that up the itt-cp thv pathway lie#’
 Enough to know that path is tiling *till—
 Ano In |ai up the cliff* storm? never tome;
 Eootlgn, Ui.il rveiv hit 11 Kit would do ill.
 s l ‘iy pmt stu j;, «eek as liome.
 1i ar in,. I j*oii the t.u i,|| inotuil.iiu* come,
 fileanings ot light and IHw-tty and |.,ve!
 Aa t.ioo ji U low ale *toil|,s anj loud* and glOOtf
 Iny paiu Ilf* fhtouyh tl,. i 0 Uic taliu alxjvc!
 A PUTLItE
 rI (iiiruo o r.arm
 I he itunsi rat in In* c.i-v di;i„,
 Smoking In* p,pc ol «lav
 illle Ills iialc old wile, wit], bu-v f.uf.
 W .a clearing the dnuiei avvj,
 A »we*t little gul, with tine trine e\	
 A In lit i giaiiJf.itliei knee wa* caU liiue fw*
 'i’iie old man laid in* hand on hci he ~J,
 W ith a teat on In* wi inklrd la,
 He tin,tight IIOW often tier mother, d«-j.|.
 Had »at m the self same plate;
 A* tire tear stole down horn hi* lialf-.*hut eve.
 “Don’t smoke,” said tlit child, hotv it u,,,hr
 you cry!”
 'I I* lionte dog Liv *iretched out on li»e fl«*or,
 \f Ulr the si.a.le after noon u*ed to
 'J n« Ui*y old v ile, by tne oj«n door,
 War in,mo- tl»c fpiniung-vviiet'l,
 And the old bra*.# clock &lt;m the rriauti l-tiee.
 Had pUehled along almost to liirwe.
 /sidl tlie tacinei s*t (tt j,,* ea*\ chair,
 hile eloae to 1,,, la-4* ,,g breast,
 Jhe moistened lieow uu.l Use he r h *t. fair
 Ml to* sweet grwruh mid we,e messed.
 Mi* Iwsd, (town ‘.it la:i vdi U.lll L&gt;
 J a»t a«l««p wet? lire* ta.lf Ilia; luauiiVl v)»*!
Selections.
Fiom llie ritrcnotvpe.
 STORY OF ELLEN CRAFT*.
 In a city about nine hundred mile#
 tooth of Mason Dixon's line, Ellen
 L’rafts wai held a# a slave. Because
 ivc find her in this degrading condition,
 let it not he understood that she is a
 negro. Ellen rafts, though a slave,!
 is white; or, rather to he strictly cor
 rect, a brunette. She is now about
 nineteen or twenty years of age, and
 w ill readily pasg in any circle as a dark
 coiored white girl.—-Girls dark as
 Ellen, are as often met with, as those
 of fairer skm9 We are not describing
 the chief attraction of a ball-room, but
 something more, when we say that
 firmness, intelligence, and persever
 ance aie distinctly and impressively
 marked upon her countenance. Her
 hair is long, straight, and dark colored,
 l nose prominent, eyes dark, large and
 I expressive. Wc are thus particular, to
 show her connection with the Anglo
 Saxon, and to show how little there is,
 j of any feature by which the enslaved
 race is so readily recognized.
 In the citv from which Ellen tied,
 she acted os body servant or slave to
 another young woman, possibly her
 i sister —for our knowledge of the ‘-pat
 riarchal institution'’ leads readily and
 naturally to that inference.
 While in this situation, she married.
 It is lor the profit of the master that
 early marriages should be a law o!
 custom. The union contracted by
 Ellen proved to a a happy one. The
 husband, William—slaves have no
 right to other numes— has proved him
 self to be every w ay w orthy of her. By
 his industry, and by turning night into
 day, he contrived to procure enough
 money to purchase n portion of his
 time from the man who claimed to own
 hun It cost William all he had, but
 it procur ed him privileges which enabled
 j him, by assiduous application, to lay
 by another store,-a larger portion o
 which, the lion’s share, went to swell
 the master’s illgotten gains,—lor new
 and dear-bought privileges.
 By dint of saving and starving.
 William contrived to accumulate for
 .himself and wife, enough to purchase
 j for each, many tittle coinlorts and priv
 ileges. Tliev were thus enabled to
 ameliorate their condition, and weto
 for a lime happy. Though not permitted
 i to see each other oftener than once a
 I week, tlrev had many sccict mcet-
 I
 mgs.
 i Thesd stolen interviews were sweet
 and precious. ere they not, ye who
 love the wife of your affections
 i Thoughts of their condition, their hard
 lot, mingled with unavailing regrets,
 without doubt, were the principal ones
 exchanged between them. But this con
 dition they were constrained to endure,
 almost joyfully, in view of the greater
 deprivation and sufferings of their fel
 low slaves.
 Privileges like these, however, were
 destined to bear their rich harvest.
 [Thoughts of liberty are never long ab
 i -sent lrom a slave or prisoner. Hope
 beckons forever, even through sorest
 ills. This was the great subject, be
 tween Ellen and William. In the long,
 j lone hours of the night, that w ere but
 ushering in, to them, another day ol
 bondage, the spirit of liberty visited
 them. Not inappropriate to their con
 dition is the exclamation of David;
 j“As the hart pantetli after the water
 brooks. so pantetli my soul alter thee,
 |O God.
 It is quite certain that they could
 have escaped from the city in which
 {they were. But whither could they
 flee r Without a place, without means
 of support, hunted by every slave
 catcher, “like the partridge upon the
 mountains.” surrounded by enemies,
 j their capture was certain: and stripes,
 .(separation, accumulated woes, would
 be their lot.
 These considerations filled theii
 hearts with sadness. But liberty, ever
 bright and fair, bid them to hope on.
 For many weeks they thought over
 j every plan of escape, which promised
 success, but could find none.
 j They had heard vaguely, of the abo
 j litionists ofthe north; but they had beer
 represented to them as monsters more
 to be dreaded, than the slave-drivei
 i himself, and their hopes led them nol
 that way. Still they would inquire
 concerning them, and one day sutbcieni
 j was learned to determine their course
 They would tlec to the abolitionists.
 Their star in the east, had indeed
 risen, but how could they follow iti
 glorious path? The nearest city te
 them was Philadelphia, u distance o
 I&lt;&gt;oU miles, a weary way for fugitive*
 from slavery. But the determinatior
 ■once formed, every obstacle was to b&lt;
 ■overcome. Accordingly tindr sleeping
 and w aking thoughts were given to tint
 out the way to the spot w here liberty
 dwelt.
 J lie first obstacle to be overcome
 was to secure the necessary funds foi
 'the proposed flight By double toil, In
 a more than miserly saving, a suflicien
 I sum was acquired. They w ere, foi
 slaves, really rich, and now freedom 01
 death, rather than slavery, was then
 joint language.
 The plan adopted, displays a degret
 of ingenuity which could not have beet
 acquired under the ordinary circutn
 stances of life. —Solitary confinement 01
 a life of perpetual bondage are the on
 ly incentives which bring out all the
 latent ingenuity of the man. The
 thoughts ol the captive are upon on&lt;
 point. The whole energy and streugtl
 ot his mind ate duected to one aim
 Eel such an one sec but the slighter
 probability ol success, though it be bui
 the faintest glimmer, and that faith
 which overcomes mountains, lifts the
 into the paradise he would gain
 flint laMh secures the boon
 It was decided that Ellen sboulc
 personate an invalid young man, anc
 that»\\ illiain -'lould represent the ser
 vant J he plan proposed involved a
 Isijje expenditure, since young mer
 who travel wah their servants ure sup*
 posed to bo rich. But it secured this
 great, this abounding advantage by
 this disguise they could take (he public
 highway, and the most rapid convey,
 ances. Besides the very boldness
 the originality ol the plan w-*s designee
 to be their greatest safeguard, for t wht
 would look for u fugitive from Slavery
 under the hat o| p pol*
yotdA, pursuing Ins way noHh. in quest
 of health, attendedj by a serving man
 So for the plan. Its execution was
 now the great point. C’nuld disguise,
 impenetrable to the slave catchers,
 whose scent is like the blood-hound s
 and with the blood-hound, be pro
 cured' Over tins vital question fallen
 and William pondered day and night,
 with palpitating hearts But that
 genius which gave the bold scheme
 birth, was vet fertile in resources. I he
 first idea was a prestige of Us lull ac
 complishment.
 There w as no point, however minute,
 in the habiliments of a young man. that
 was not studied with as much care as
 ever Newton or Herschell studied the
 heavens. This was necessary, for a
 young woman who first attempts mo
 apparel of a boy, is sure to he discover
 ed at the first glance, by an accir-ate
 observer. Hence Ellen practiced
 nightly in her new garb until she had
 become thoroughly trained.
 But to the dress itself. A slave can
 not purchase a suit unquestioned, as
 another person may. Therefore ex
 treme caution became necessaiy, else
 the cherished scheme of months would
 have been discovered and overthrown.
 Then they must die, for “it hope he
 dead, why seek to live.’
 William was the purchaser. At
 various places and different times, un
 der numerous pretexts lie bought the
 required articles. The hat was a very
 high bell crowned, or as he stated it,
 “a double story hat Next lie bought
 a sack, which, on being pot on, proved
 “a world to wide," but Ellen thought
 that was no objection, ns “sacks never
 lit!” The vest proved to be a very long
 one, reaching below the hips, hut tash
 ionablv cut; and as it was “all the go,
 was adopted without demur, especially
 as the sack could he buttoned over and
 hide the disproportion ot its size.
 Then the pantaloons were oi most liberal
 (dimensions, and boots, more easily ob
 tained, completed this part ol the ward
 robe. A pair of green glasses were
 j procured for the purpose ot making
 Ellen look older, lor when fitted out in
 her new rig, she looked exceedingly
 j young, besides, her features might be
 recognized by any person whom they
 j misfit meet, that knew them, while up
 on'thelr journey.
 1 These preparations having been
 made, a day was appointed for their
 flight. That day, io fraught with all
 their wildest hopes, arrived. Nothing
 had been omitted. Two trunks were
 obtained, sufficiently ponderous for the
 baggage of a young man on his travels.
 1 Nothing had been forgotten. As it be-
 I came necessary to register names al
 j hotels and sign a certificate for the
 slave, “the servant who accoinpaniei
 young master," a bandage and a sling
 for Ellen’s right arm was thought ol;
 why? She could not read or write.
 impertinent travellers might scan the
 young id?a s face too closely, a con
 venient swelling, which required poul
 ticing, enveloped her checks. As vol
 uble and inquisitive persons might b:
 too particular in their inquiries, sick
 ness, fatigue of travelling and the svvel
 I ling would be sufficient excuse agams
 rudeness for not answering.
 Thus equipped, William, having
 nerved his courage up, w ent boldly t&lt;
 the ticket office and purchased i
 “through ticket” for “young master’
 and myselt to “Filadelfy.” No ques
 tior.s were asked and the tickets w r er&lt;
 obtained.
 Next morning, the fearful and danger
 -1 ous passage was commenced. At the
 depot, Ellen was not recognized. Sc
 I complete was her disguise, a portei
 there, one of her early suitors, addres
 sed her as “young master." She kind
 ly bestowed upon him a small trifle ft
 encourage him in politeness.
 Along the road, at the various stop
 ping places the “sickly youth” receiv
 ed the blessings of many for In* liberal!-
 I ty in rewarding any slight service
 Their custom was to put up at the firs
 hotels, for they determined to travel a*
 “big-buga.”
 i They passed through many perils am
 hair-breadth ’scapes, but not once dii
 Ellen’s courage fail, or her inimitable
 i and unapproachable endurance am
 perseverance give way, during all I licit
 k journey through the slave states. Aft
 er the cars left Baltimore, for Philadel
 phia, William, wearied with anxiety
 J and watching, laid himself down t&lt;
 sleep in the “Jim Crow car," when
 he invariably rode, for a slave eouh
 not presume to ride with his master. Ji
 was iii* invariable practice to rur
 I nervously back at every stopping phicr
 to see that “young in&amp;sier was safe.’
 Tor this affectionate attention, ht
 f received the approbation of many pas
 sengers. and was rewarded w ith severa
 k present'. And from W ashinpton ti
 Baltimore, his devotedness to Ins mas
 iter’s health was pointed out to severa
 J Northern gentlemen as an evidence o:
 the close bonds of affection subsisting
 between master and slave.
 We led William sleeping in the
 “Jim Crow car.” At Havre tie Grace,
 where the Kerry is crossed, Wilhanr
 remained sleeping. Ellen was caileti
 upon with other passengers to changt
 cars. But, where was her husband:
 Her courage began to fail and des
 pair to seize upon her. She dreader
 the worst, a woful disappointment, sc
 gear the goal of their desires. She
 could be comforted until the bag
 gage master ri!.** 1 her, by rudely
 waking the “black lasca.' ht
 neglected his master. We will not at
 tempt to describe Ellen’s feelings when
 she was relieved from her tears.
 They arrived in Philadelphia on
 Sabbath morning, Goo’s dav of rest—a
 day of rest to them, from all their toils
 and sufferings.—What an appropriate
 •ending for such a journey. Jt was
 commenced on NN ednsdav, and they
 consequently traveled om ihemand
 miles in four days atul a half, through
 the enemy’s country. An escape as
 difficult, —and to them far more glori
 ous—than Bonaparte journey from
 Egypt through a coast and sea studded
 with the British fleet.
 Tom t it ho t on ihl London Srwrßv
 How few ol all the curious and intel
 ligent. inhabitants ot London have any
 conception ol the v ust channels which
 have been formed under our leading
 thorougfares, to convey the refusa of
 to its present destination.—We
 wish we could induce some of them to
 accompany in «subletraoean cxcur-
Sion from Oxford slreot to the outlet of
 King Scholars Pond Sewer. In the
 good old time of the heptarchy ol dirty
 waters, when it was not thought amis*
 to preface annual or biennial ceremo
 nies by substantial breaktasts dtjtunrrt
 a la fourchctl', the officials and a privi
 leged few were wont to fortify them
 selves for the important tour of inspec
 tion by such creature comforts. The
 consolidated commission eschews all
 such extravagancies, and serves the
 public without fee or least, about the
 expediency of which proceeding we
 have a misgiving or two, for we confess
 to a prejudice in favor ot paid officials.
 But be this as it may, the breakfast
 under the old sy stem was a right good
 one, and as satisfactory a preparation
 as could be desired tor our descent into
 the realms of darkness. But the break
 fast was not by any means the only
 preparation required of us. There
 was a toilet to be made, by the help of
 certain strange raltts chumltre, and
 certain vestments to be put on, which
 would have effectually disguised an
 Irish rebel. Thick leggings of felt,
 greased leathern boots reaching to the
 middle of the thigh, a mackintosh ol
 ample dimensions, and a slouched hat,
 were the chief items of the costume.
 Down there we dived, till we splashed
 into the waters of the far-famed tributa
 ry, and on we toiled with the black
 stream above our knees, erect under
 the substantial arch of brick work,
 lighted with fragments of candles.
 There was something very striking in
 this world of brick and mortar, stretch
 ing as far as the eye could reach, echo
 ing with the roar of mimic cataracts,
 pouring from the higher levels, and
 resounding with the shouts of the pre
 siding genii as they hunted a poor soli
 tary rat, till he suffered the unexpected
 fate of being squelched, after Carly le’s
 fashion, beneath the merciless heel ol
 his pursuer. Thus always and every
 ‘where has man the spirit of the chase
 moving in him. We shall scarcely be
 believed when we affirm, that the clue
 inconvenience in the excursion consist'
 ed in the heat of our strange garments
 and the fatigue of wading through sc
 many hundred raids of tlowing water
 But so it was. The atmosphere wai
 much less objectionable to the sense:
 1 than most men would think.— Fraser'i
 1 Mag.
From tl&gt;« Hartford Kepttblicuii.
 j THE D\\ ELLER IN THE SHADOW
 OF THE C ROSS.
 BV ELIZABETH SARGENT.
 Tlicre wag a Spirit missed in Heav
 en.—And a child awoke to a new an&lt;
 troubled being. Very strange vert
 the sights and sounds to the eye ant
 the ear of the child, and its blue eye:
 were filled with wonder. The chili
 I was beautiful, and a halo of golder
 hair encircled its brows, yhcre the sun
 shine lingered, and then threw off t
 ‘thousand sparkles.—Deep blue \vei&lt;
 the eyes that mirrored the Heaven i
 had left. The child grew* in years
 and by and by the gray of earth crop
 into the blue eyes, and tjie halo of gold
 l en hair was dimmed, and a brow&lt;
 shadow rested thereon, save when it
 the sunshine, and then (he curls threw
 off gleams of the olden Glory. Very
 gay and gleesoijie was the child, sav&lt;
 when, at some moments, a shadow
 would sterjl across the spirit—a shad
 .ow that dimmed the sparkle in the cy&lt;
 with sudden tears, like the big drop:
 that come before the storm. The tear)
 made holier the spirit, and washc&lt;
 away the stnins from its whiteness. Th&lt;
 child became a Pilgrim like its fellows
 i for their rest was not on cflr!b.
 Cheerful and singing it went its way
 save when the shadow fell across it
 The Pilgrim knew it was but a Shad
 ow, but there was in the soul a pro
 plietic feeling which bade it gird asel
 for a stern warfare. No harm hai
 come to it as it went its lonely way
 Hours of rest the Pilgrim knew, sea
 sons of sweet sleep—sleep whereii
 pale shadowy Dreams hovered ovei
 the Slumberer. And the Dreams lei
 him into the land of Symbols, and llii:
 was what he saw' there:
 They led him across a barren, sandj
 plain. The morning sun was shininj
 brightly, but he was sad, for the wa\
 was toilsome, and a dark spirit was bt
 i his side—a dark spir it w hich clung t&lt;
 the hand of the Dreamer, nor w ould hi
 shaken off.
 Palsied was the Dreamer with dread
 hut still he went on, and the sun rost
 higher—The heait was fainting anc
 the soul sick with the wearv road
 when suddenly there rose to view t
 fair tree. A tree w hose branches wer«
 laden with roses, all glittering wit!
 dew-drops in the morning light. The
 Dreamer went beneath the rose tree,
 and a shower of dew-drops greeted bin
 and cooled the lever of his brow
 Strength gathered he from their cool
 ness, and new life from the fragrunci
 of the dowers.—He went his way witl
 this new-gathered strength, and sought
 again to shake off the gnasp of the
 Dark Spirit. The Dark Spirit grew
 1 pale, and as the Dreamer thrust bin
 aside, he became as one dead, and the
 Dreamer went on bis way with his soul
 I lull of prayer for the strength g»vei
 him b&gt; the dew-drops and the fragtanct
 ol the rose-tree.
 The Pil grim awoke, and kept the
 Dream in Ins heart. On went he
 through the long years, and the Shad
 ow tell across his pathway more tre
 que"!. lv al he grew to loving iu
 gloom.
 There were many spirits who in."'*"
 tered unto him, and one more frequent
 than the others presented a crystal
 chalice to his lips—Bitter was the
 draught to the taste, but his soul was
 purified by it. Very pale and beau
 tiful grew the Pilgrim. Grey and deep
 grew the eyes, like a twilight sky seen
 through a summer shower,
 t At length the way of the Pilgrim was
 all m the shadow, and he knew that the
 hour had come, and when the heavy
 burden was laid upon him, h.s spirit
 sank not, lor he was strong with the
 f aith that had grow n like a star out
 Irom the gloom that had shadowed hia
 young years—and ihe star of F aith led
 him onward, till his heavy burden was
 a burden no longer, but became as
 wings to the tired Pilgrim.-—And he
 went upward, and I saw him no more—
 but I pray for the Faith w hich was born
 in the Soul of iho Dweller m the shad
 ow of the Cross,
SVbucrtiscmcnts.
A«rlum for the Kick who have been con
 fined to their beds from 1 to 20 yenra*
 DR. HAMILTON Hydropathic nad AbvsMm
 Asylum. No 217 Fxrhaage **tT«rt, W nl
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N-V• This Institutiot
 if now firmly emhiislier 1 »rjd in «»rce*»ful opera
 lion. The proprietor analyzes eTerjr diseas e:bat n
 admitted ilirrt, iml applies tbr natural and sppro
 pt iate reined v. A hboujh water i« used in every »i;
 that is applied in an* water-cm* establishment u
 the United Suites, vet the proprietor wishes it to bt
 e\pr*&gt;s«lv understood that it i« not relied oa a- tbe&lt;m/j
 or principal remedy in the treatment ol disease sub
 milled to hi* care.
 Tliis Establishment is designed for that rla«s o
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by al
 other systems af iironice. and are still unabletc
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to then
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope ofevei l«iug any belter.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution 00l
 only entirely remove disease l*ut S‘ vr lorreaiec
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many harr
 been brought here from different part* ol (he roun
 try, vv ho had neither walked or borne their weigh'
 on their teet from five io fifteen years; and sou«
 who have lecn unable io dress or undress, or ever
 to feed tbem*elve*. and in the course of a few week
 would be walking with tlie elasticity ol youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at tliein
 selves, and surprising their fiietvls and all who saw
 them when they, hi st came. Tlie treatment ol (ini
 Institution is pariicularlv calculated remove thf
 diseases peculiar lo female*, '*l*
 Ist. The falling i f tlie Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in jiatients, from twelve years ol ag»
 up to sixtv, and even if they have been confined
 their beds from one io twenty, nimble to stand, vvaik
 dress, or undress themselves or even too feeble tc
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. \Veakness and Falling of the Bowels; Fait
 in tlie Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spina
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation a
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsu
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arilioea, Suppression of the Menses, F.wessivi
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Colt
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters ol
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its woist form.', Neural
 gia.Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consuroptiod ii
 its fust stage®, General \Yeakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his w hole aitenlion t«
 the aliove diseases for the last ten years, and ha:
 treated them in an entirely different way from ant
 other private practice or public Institution in the
 couutrv and such lias been his success, and so cer
 tain are hi- remedies in their effects on those dis
 ease-; that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, lie ui.-hes to give that rlass ol invalid:
 seekin to obtain their health a sufficient gimraulet
 against any lake pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need l&gt;e to an;
 c\|m use in this Institution vv ithout Ijeing banetited
 Tlie proprietor will enter into a special contrae
 with any one who vvi-hes lo do so, that lie will ad
 I n ,jt into the Institution, to advance the money aiu
 I pay all the ex|ifuse-from any part of the Uuitei
 State* here and huk home again, liefore he com
 menccs the tuat.ncnt.aiul give a bond to lioard them
 to"cthfi with his professional services, fur nothing
 it lie docs not help them according to contract. An;
 one thinking the above- proposition not a snffieien
 guarantee against and tx|ier,3i
 i without receiving equal lenefit, can let the proprie
 j tor know wliat wil lie satisfactory, and it shall b
 i dulv coi sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tiee bv the influence of those who have lieen lielpei
 i here, as nothing has ever lieen published liefore
 i the proprietor means that it diall sustain itsc!
 by its own merit-*, or pay tlie expense of those win
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. Th
 design of iliis Circular is not to make known th
 cures that have been made in this institution, liecau
 diet must toon lie believed; but to let it lie inor
 extensively known to the jioor suffering invalid
 that have" spent hundreds of dollars in trying a!
 other systems of practice, and without much or an
 lienefit, and »tiil remain confined to their lied* f»ot
 C,ve to twenty years, that there is an Institutio
 1 whose treatment "is different from any other one th
 United States, »ml is particularly adapted to tfwi
 situation, and ran have it cost tliein nothing miles
 thev are materially lienetited.
 J From the nature ol treatment in this Institution
 .ho nr.mber ofpatients must be limited, therefore th
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight an
 ordinary rases which may Ire easily helped by othe
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one t
 come, unless they wish to get well, anil are ivillin
 to lie made well enough to walk from live to tvvent
 miles at a time, anil follow it up day after day i
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of peopl
 that call themselves well, as lie means that ever'
 one that goes through a thorough course oftreatmen
 in the Analytic Institution shall show hv their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness o
 texture, capability of endurance, and improvei
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 pd on the natural laws of organized matter, am
 consequently i; a superiority over every oilier dif
 ferent system ol practice.
 All communi ations addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receivi
 immediate attention. If requested, reference wil
 lie made to tiiore who have lieen lielpod in this Insti
 pit ion ami also good re ten me* a.« to responsibiiiti
 orthe proprietor to meet tlie above exjienses if,’
 tequired.
‘'Every Jlau his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JI’ST priiUSllfin, a new and valuable boo
 for every family in the country, anil one that ma
 l&gt;e consulted witli perfect safety A; its title pag
 indicates it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Fdinil
 Manual, giving the causes symptom? and treatmei
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while i
 health, aijd rules for pre-erviug that state. Appci
 j tied to which are recipes for making various medj
 l cines ami articles for diet for the sick room. Th
 whole written for general use anil daily Jpraetice, h
 John B. Newman, M. If”
 Also, accompanying this hook, or separate, i
 “THE HERB BOOU, a licak devoted e\rjusivel
 j to Herbs, giving tlieir names, varieties,destripiioi;
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gatlterinp
 and manv other directions very useful for every fait
 ilv to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Papular &lt;\lm
 cal Botany, sn&lt;l "ill furnish on that point all th
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together an
 contain 200 pages, price 2j cents, or sold c-eparat
 at 12£ cents.
 The symptom- of each disease are carefully given
 so mat one may Lie recognized from anolher, to phi
 vent practising in the dark; abo the treatment
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keepse
 i in liealtli, together w ith observation* on titer, cau.-oe
 1 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and sim
 other remarks a- me deemed appropriate, foi
 uuxU uhd fk'iu'lr-
 The liook lias lieen writilu With great care, In:
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to mi
 t derstood bv every |»erson, and by a practical physi
 ciau and a llwrough botanist. We can icioniineui
 it w ith entire confidence, as lieing a work snpriio
 in all ie»pects to any otlier Iwok ol tire kind eve
 published «u die price.
 t Families in the country, and especially lltose hv
 mg in new countries and unhealthy climates, sis,oh
 not tail to procure a copy and have it at all limes a
 lamd, in i.ise of sickness as they might thereby Ir
 boine riinple remedy save an expensive and |»rotrai
 ted doctoi bill. \V lteiht r well or s«ck, »uch a bool
 ,-hould lie in ever' house a. a safe and sure advisei
 in time of need, ilie direction given for person* ii
 health cannot i too strictly attended to by all.
 1 oe price at which tiie txx.k i« sold is so low tha
 every t.unily may have a c*&gt;pv,a»d none slroukl bt
 wit trout it.
 lln buok is put up m paper binding, and eai
 easily lie sent Irv mail. Pottage only bj cents to any
 aaitot the L niieil State*.
 u |*r!iiq sciulmg us one dollar bv mail, anc
 jmd |«aying portage 01l fi*. letter, shalf have font
 Copies sent him frr* ofpotiagt
 fekud in your orders*, tliere is r,o risk in tending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the boohs
 always reach lh"ir destiuat toils
 w-f our bum lie* can t lnb together and send a
 dollar bill, ;u»d have four liooks sent to one address.
 AN TEH—Agent* in most of the Slates u&gt; sell
 tin* work, almost evetv fattulv will purchase it tl
 tamed to thetr d «ors, small capital of from »2ti
 t£j bt J*«*»arv for each agent. Addtess,
 oJ'paul, u
 April I, l*)tl. 6 Eicliange-ti, Rochester, N.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 THE public are rf pfttlulJy informed, uwt since
 ilie phi! optica I &lt;jetlu&lt; non* of the learned I&gt;r.
 Means, of Emor\ College, Ga and tbe| scientific
 experiments of Mr. Hemmer of Enjoiel,* have
 recently and indubitably established (be U't, that
 tlie concliuiuoa at which die undersigned arrived l»x
 I tie sense &lt;if toorb, in 1 st-44. aie in harmony wilii
 natural ami physiol* 4; ieul law —to wit, that the
 human l«d\, in a beaftbv condition. is in a /oatirr
 We* tncai mute, and Unit the electrical emanation*
 irotn the cutu-ul.tr siutare, imlimir lieallh, or tie
 symptoms ami character of Jisea.-**-—there i* some
 reason to hope, that certain physicians, ifm&gt;raut of
 U»e*e (Wim iples or natural law*, a knowledge oi
 which is **-*■utial to tlte safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will reuse tbeir rocileratioos
 araiust tlie positiv* rin tkiiu srsti ufthe
 hmiiun Lsnty, ami will hesitate to dissuade those
 shiPi lliey liave lulled to relieve of llieir complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at tbs .NohTHsne
 t&lt;iS W in k Cm. 'I ha» sustained lit llie light
 ol sc truce, the undersigned may le permitted tirre
 iv repsai his expense, ibid, &gt;u »ll f*H# where the
«rr&lt;si. *to»*eii. or are the w™**™ i«uv#
 condition, die pattern is beyond the power of waaei
 to afford relief. On the otlier hand, when the pun
 of the body allrvirrl to, are 10 the e*ectro-p&lt;jsii,M
 state, bos*eTe/ disarm g*d, there U ground to iiopt
 for a rnrs
 Had not the results of past years’ prartirt
 already convinced the public of the safety or til th
 fulne®- of the principles bv which the uwlersizned ii
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and charactei
 of d»«ease f and practising lie- cure, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of tbeir corrcctne**. by I’rofessoi
 .Means and Mr. llenimer, could nut fail to con*met
 the most increduloa*.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so genernw®h
 awarded for his sntfess as a'Hydropathic Pmcti
 lionet, by a discerning public, ami tl»e gratitude
 evinced by those whom he lias had the pleasure to
 relieve ol their romplainr®. the iimlersigoeil will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the r a®e of ever* invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by hi
 original ami philosophical method ol practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure i« pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville. on the wcrl hank of l.akin;
 Water, or Mill River, alout two ami a ball miles
 from the centre of the town. It i« conveniently
 arraneeJ, w ith separate parlors, lathing ami dre*.--
 ing-room®, for Indies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of hatlis. supplied w ith water, whu h, lor
 abundance, purity, and adaptedne** to water-cure
 purposes, i- unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 blishment ri thi' country." Tlie scenery in this
 vicinity is picture «que and romantic Tiiero are a
 variety of pleasant walks, surticieotly r*tired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear n® they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying iheir ranibl. s without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are lierulaelie. tendency of blood to tlie heaii,
 colii extremities, general and nervous debility, la-on
 chilis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jann
 dire, arule or chronic inflammation of tlie biuelr,
 piles,dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spina!
 affection®, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rltcuni. scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patient* who visii this establishment for a
 cour-e of treatment, should furni.-h tiiemselves w ith
 three romtortuhk s, thief- woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sdieeis, two pillow rases,
 «i\ or eight rra-li towels, some well mini linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old t !0..k or nunth-, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippei
 Terms for treatment and hoard are S 3 50 to
 £8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extia.
 A patient who from choice or the characier of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 w ill pay !s8 ot&gt; per week—on live first and second
 floors, SfS 50 per week. Patient* leipiiiiug exira
 attention or tire in their rooms, (except lot swath
 ing pm pose®,) will furnish their own niuns ami fuel,
 or pav an extra price.
 D- UI’GGLEg.
 Northampton, March IS 18.
 N'.B. Visitors to the EelaMi-iiment, from tlie
 east, west,-or south, can take the cais of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always lie in readiness ut the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of tlie human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of tlie
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 1 ing off in silence from the reticular surface, so thai
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. He minor ol
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicates
 the presence of positive electricity. This snrplusagt
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to l&gt;e indis
 pensable to the healthlul condition of the w holt
 animal economy, and that when, bom any cause, is
 l ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues. 1
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College o
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., 51.1)., Professor o
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor ofPhysica
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 ATHOL WATER CERE.
 THE Subscriber liegs leave to call the attentioi
 of Invalids, especially those suffering Iron
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment ii
 i A &gt;l.r&gt;l v»-
 ...ass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient
 I last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 lies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 patiiy. The supply of water is abundant, and ii
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on i
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, lieing bu
 a short distance from the V. &amp;i M. railroad. Tin
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. SBo tha
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, am
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain (hi
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 B wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Man®., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to mp last
 August. Iler ca®e presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, ami left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to tlie
 ground. If lieing well supported, she made an
 i effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would mus the
 oilier. She had been in this condition ne.iriv a
 year. Her treatment commenced the Ititli of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25ih Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to lie able to walk hail a
 mile with ease. hinre her return to her family, she
 has continued her liatl.s, witli corresponding im
 j provemenl to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 j girl, does the work of her family,
 Patients are de.ored to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blanket®, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with uld keen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars (x-r week, accord
 ing to ihe necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are ie&gt;s particular m the selection ol
 room®, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with oilier®, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE JJOVT.
 British Periodical Literature.
 77. lytiu/rin Quarter! tj llrt itn the Edinburgh Rnttu,
 The .Xurth linlnh Rtfnw t lht M esfmintttrr ftnttu,
 &lt;iuii Black tvooti’s Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cal* renders it ueedle-.» to .-av much in tlieii praise.
 A® liteiarv organs, they stand lar in advance ol
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion ol each is marked by a dignity
 candor, and forlieaimice, not often found in work
 of a party character.
 Thev embrace tlie view® of the three great parties
 ill England—Tory, Whig, ami Radical. Black
 wood and the Ixindnii Quarterly are Tory; tin-
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ister Review Radical. I in* North }ftlriti*li Re
 view is more of a religions chaiacier, having tieen
 original!* edited by l&gt;r. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, l»eing eonducteit by his son-in-law lJr.
 Huiuia, associated with &gt;u David Brewster. Ji
 literary eharacier is of the very liighc,i order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is poblireed in England under the title of I he For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fart a
 union of the; wo Reviews tormeik republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It ha.-, tin relote,
 the advantage by this combination ol unit ing in mu
 work the best feature- ol both as heretoloie issued.
 '1 tie above Periodicals ai. reptinied m New Vork,
 immediately on Hair ariivaiby ;ln I’.iiiirh .-oaimrs,
 in a beautiful cleai t\|»c, on line white pi|«-r, and
 are faithful copies ol the oiigmal-, Rlu&lt; kmssl’s
 Magazine, being ail exatt/«t-ji ..dr of the Ldiiilmr|h
 edition.
 RICES FOR 1840, (ir SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of tlie four Reviews, £3 00 jx-r annum.
 For any two tl u 5 00
 For any three do 71»
 For all f.jur of the Review®, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 300
 For Black wood and tfx- 3 Review*, 9 00
 For Blackwood ic tl»e 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made m all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 F*an copies ol any or all the above works v* ill h
 sent to one address on payment of tlie tegular .ub
 scnpciou for three— the lottrth copy faring gratia.
 EARLY COPIE.B.
 A late arrangeineiit with the Briti.h p*rbli.her* of
 Blackwood's Magazine secures to n* e«rly slieets ot
 that work, by which we shall lie able to place tlie
 eutire number in the hands of sulwcrdiers before an*
 DviUbtt of it can be reprinted in any of die American
 Journals, for tins and other advantage. *ecntrd u&gt;
 u«r .ufi«ciiliers we pay so bige a con-eieralion, thai
 we may be compelled to raise tie- {a»ce of tlie Maga
 zine. Therefore we repent “mb«rnbe cark wlnl*-
 the price i* low.
 Remittances and commui..ration. »bo*ikl be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD SCOTT k &lt;*o
 70 Fulton street, New ork.
 ‘IITILLIAM B- LOfiA.N, Dealer iu Fa*hioaal*k
 v» iXtola and Shoes, 81), Purchase Street* New
 Bedf.wd.
 B. L. keep® constantly on laid a good assort
 meat, amt Will eell cheap for ra*h. Htrirt attmtioa
 Kid to eu-ioui-ioaale work, l«y Mismi. Parker and
 svia.
 \\J AS||l.\V,TON’?4 Daguernan fialh-rv, 136,
 V Main Birst(, Knllogg's Bunding®, Hartford
 Connsaiu ui.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 S AMI'LL WILSON, 10, Brattle »«eet, having
 made recent aUilimu loin® stork, is preimred t.
 furnish BOVB* CLOTHING, of as rood material
 *nd W, and ai a* ;he*p pr.tei, a 4 Yah b$ vbt|n»fd ia
 m
POVE K T t
 ITS ILLEGAL CAUSES AXD LEGAL
 CURE.
 »roostt.
 Aftmotr Patriot raj}* it— \bp atpamraUet
 frrv remark able production
 Whether all the ant K-ipat„, n J Mr s
 wouki be reeled Kr the fall adopt*,,, of hi' thee*,,
 f l re iIO P squire; but w r |y rottl
 m wj !&gt;i* en.&gt;ar»r t the ootire of a fc, Te m
 tranaparert rfd.Je dtciMm— intrepid i.tdepe:v*»ce—
 ori«ii«J thoo^bt—a»i rntirr fwdom frntu the not
 -rt nr party A&lt; a judir.il n nrer, be ha« a depth
 a r r yoiK&lt; any »a»e whose prodart*&gt;3«
 n **f r.rr* r\*• m 4 l »ny rirou.*'
 Hunt’* Mrrrh.tnT* .Magazine «ay« abrjad
 in bold and oricin.il thought*. Ihr ,:W a n
 p'-Tf rti ir* stated, and a number »f in»p.. n pr
 -iti hearing on the 's- b 1 down. mwl/milm
 "b.le, w* con-hjcr it a woik wrf! worth Mod’,, nr
in
 mr.ri and political economist.
 Tlie p.angor Gazette nays—“ An able and cem.a.
 lv original work, from the pen of I and*.- Spooler"
 E-wp-author of that powerful wind, dernot
 jtratpj tlie uurooMitutionality of Atnrrirau Slater*
 There it no wri'cr of tie agr.of logical aru:nen more
 •ffrehins than Spooner.,’ Tin* new wrik i&lt; deri
 lined io trad to a re examination of all Ibrnn v
 terns of political economy.” At first Mu I, to* ru
 rvimicat proposition' strike ns a-. «u«tai liable—ar* 1 .f
 they are «o, hi'work w ill prevail, jod produce an
 important rrvolution in llte present prevailing M
 tem.
 F.verv one sHe•«.»!. 1 pend it.”
 MARSH, Pobtisher. 80-tan.
 Part i. Pi ice 2 i (Vnt*.
Han's Yfgftablr hxirart
 I the only remedy th.it r:.n If tt!iid t&gt;a for tins
 permanent curr of S|«nsmodie bun-anion*,
 Run of the Nerv* Nervous m Sick H-adol-e
 Xervnm Tremor', Neunlgie Affection-, Crner.,
 Debility, Deficients of Nervon- md l’li\&gt;,ral Kwr
 g\ ni!.l ail Nerv* i I»i «.1 r., ti, t w J )ju&lt;f
 dreadful of :ili di-ra-es that alien il human race
 Efulepsy, or ratio,; Sitkee.«. W viwNtl I'll*,
 Coiiv iihooti.-, Spa.-n .he It i* will known, n,,-’
 ln»ni time iiiiinen.oi i.il, I'ln.icai:- have pronounced
 Epileptic Fit* incurable. It hrt* (Kittle.l o Mir
 skill, anil the* I loaned powrr of all medicine, *,,j
 consequently th-ai-and- have snlli reel through a an-.
 eralilfCoictrnrf, u.kl at last yielded op then In,
 th»* Altar nf ~aintij. —Tlx* proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, hnui \	 r, leels no delicacy in .mying
 that it ran la- cured. He would, tin letm,', re-.]*, t.
 fully invite physician", and all oilier- who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony which i- lute oriereJ.
 If it is deception, let it le exposed hut it it ,4
 true, then in the itaai*' of humanity, no longer let it
 be &gt;a,d that Epilepsy i- incurable.
 Heart's Vegetable Extract. —For sixteen yenre
 has been tested by many per-on* who have suffered
 with this dreadful dissase, and in every rase whn*
 it has liad u fair trial, |i(U effected a j-erßiuuxnv
 cure.
 Col. Denslow of Yonkers, New York, states tl,ht
 his daughter has been aft]tried w ith Fits lor inorr
 than nine yrars, and lias been rured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, IL") On hard ,tree», New York,
 states that &gt;he has lieen t» abject to Fils Ibr many
 years, and has been restored to perfect health (alter
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 Dr. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell eo
 Alabama, who is one of die first phyaltdana m thJ
 State, .-ays that he lias I jvii much lenelitted by tl e
 use ol die ,‘getabje Extract, and that lie unlit--it.,t.
 in r ,lj presences it in every ca=e ut Epihp.-y which
 comes under his knowledge.
 urtis (i. Maylx-n y, 1.-&gt;cp, fortr.erly Postmaster
 at Lime Mills, Cjaw ford Ccr., Pa now living m
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many years past he
 has been sorely afflicted with Fn*, and lt j 8 n w
 happy to state liiat a per.-evering use of Dr. Han’s
 Vegetable Extract, hits restored him to ►ouncl health,
 1 being entirely heed front that worst of all diseases,
 judge Randall, X. loft Henry street, New York,
 having used die Vegetal.le Extract successfully
 his family, highly reeoiumeuds it to all persona who
 ate afflicted with Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Piatt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 i and 1 wentv-Jiixtlt street, New York, states that
 Mr. C’lias, 11, i'uttgliton, a memis rof Ids family has
 been so severely afll.cie l with Epileptic Fit* h r
 many years, dial lieAv as obliged ""in relinquish lug
 busine-s. Having used Dr. Han’s Vegetable F.x
 traet (snvs Mr. Pratt,) lie was soon restored ta
 perfect health, and left tins city for the Stale of
 i Ohio to resume his bu-inesu.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churcn,
 Spots wood, Xew Jersey, who lias been afflicted
 with F.pileptic Fits for more titan for tv tears, state
 that he has u.-ed Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, an.l
 f his health has lieen so much improved that he hopeg
 l by Hit ine blessing, t.i h ive no more l it*.
 Ejiihpti Ett —For twenty even tears and sin
 months, cured by the u.u of tin- indy wwnduiful
 medicine.
 Read the following remaikable ca«e of the wn ol
 Mm. Secore, l.sq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six month*
 After travelling through England, Scotland, tier
 many and France, con-ulting the most eminent
 physic lans, and expending for medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thou»nnd dollars, returned
 With Ins sou to tins country in November la-t with
 out receiving any liencfit w hatevr-r, and was core.)
 by using Hem's Vegttuble Extract. 1 have
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and im-du si
 attendance. 1 was advised to take a tour to Eu
 rope with him which I did. I lust visited England,
 I consulted the most emintnt physicians there m
 j respect to hi- ease; they examined him and pie&gt;rn
 beil accordingly. 1 remained there three mouth*
 without perceiving any cluing. |i*r the better, which
 Cost me al&gt;out two hundred and liliy dollars, poc 1
 j et»-d by ttie physicians, and the nu. t that 1 received
 was their opinion that m\ son c a-e was hopeless,
 and POr-I lIV ELY IXt l RABEE I accordingly
 leli England trayt ljed through Scotland, (Jermanv
 ainl f r. litre, and returned home in tin- montli &lt;A
 XovemU'r la-t, with my son a-i lar Iron) lemgcuied
 ,i“ when I lell, i *aw your adverti einetit in one oi
 the New V oik ptqxT', and concluded to li\ Hart’*
 Vegeialile Extract, seeing your slat-toenl- ami
 certtlieati r c.t so many cures, some of twenty amt
 thirty Years .•lauding, and I can a au- y,,u lam not
 j f»orry &lt;ini m&gt;, ih l»y ()&lt;c R’h* ui Haic n
 Extract alone he was re-i,,ti I to PERI E( 'i'
 HEALTH. II i j reason, which wa o far gone a* to
 until him lor busmens is entirelv restored, with tV
 pros|)ci t now U-liire Inin ol'lile, Iwalth and u.etu!
 ness, lie i now 2* years of age, and 27 yeais ti
 month, of tins time has U-*-n afflicted with tin*
 lie,st dreadful ol diseases, but thank Hod i» tie,**
 enjoying gocel health.
 .Now, sir, faith without works f don’t t»-li--ve
 in. To -ay I -hall l&lt;&gt; evn gritclid to teat i» one
 thing, and :i- I here me m ,„ie handled dollars,
 I have no doubt (*m yon will tinnk tin. another and
 quite a different thing. 'J he debt &lt;1 gititutMle I »t*il
 owe von; but phase accept tin.- amount as interest
 on tin-debt in advance.
 loins, verv re-pecifwlfy,
 (signed) W ILI.IA V| «ECORE,
 TESTIMOW t PON TESTIMONY.
 la letereiwe to lb* almo-i muaeuloiM etbroev of
 ibis tiuly wondeitul medicine, retu I tl**- follow tug
 b iter trout l&gt;r. VV 1.. M.nirur, of &lt;iuill&lt;*r&lt;i, Ohm,
 one of tin naj-t eminent phv*iriunx m tlut place
 tiuillonl, Ohio, August 17,
 Brodier l.d»orer in ilte iminamiv—J)ear
 mi It is with no small degree ol pleasure dial I
 am eiiMtiW-d to tniuonnce to yon the rorupb-te triumph
 ol your invaluable medicine *n ca*e. ol Kpilep*v. i
 liitve pteseiil*-l it ia four iinfanee* in tin v*ci/irly
 and it lias lieen highly »iKc*-s*fuJ all. Three o
 ti*« patient*, I Intel, lint*- teen radically cured.
 Tb** fourth one is rapidly iutwoving, and will, 1
 think without doubt recover. I nor »n tiie luhit
 of prescribing or [silent ine,],-
 Isit wlren I see an article which promises to rum It
 fot die relief of suffering humanity, 1 (eel my duty
 to lecoiuirartKl il, and 1 have no hesnatiin to »a\
 ing mat di -cK&lt;n as the faculty are fully acquainted
 with tlte real u«erit ol y&lt;air medicine, they vtill
 close then eyes against pp-judice and lend you 4
 wiping hand.
 1 suU.rtbe tnsxtif voiir*, suKerelv,
 (Signed] VV L. MO.NkOE, 3)L I&gt;&lt;
 To Dr. sL Hart, New \oik.
 THE TIME 1H NtiT EAR DISTANT
 VVI-en tlsaieiah wie, are now Irernblmg urnier
 tfie hand of this dreidhd disease, un-J fcaring that
 every attack may prove fatal, will hml pernuurut
 relief and t* ustored to new ha-, |,y us,,,* ttiu
 celebrated medicine.
 OVER ONE IHOIHAND CERTIFH’ATE-1
 Have be*n received in le»un*on V of rlie IlrnetK ,*l
 result produced fry the uve U Dr. Ilart’* \e 4eia
 hie Excr-w t.
 Hy Prepared by H HART, M D New York.
 roce, emu (snkage yj |w
 I&gt;o lour pac kagea |c| tp)
 Do e,gut [Xu kagev Ifit iPJ
 D)* carefully ke»! up in i*oxe« for tianr
 poiuiion, and wtul to any trut of Use Imie-i
 Pexa*, Mexico, and VVe-t Indies.
 THOMAS k Mil li&gt;9 .Mini itieet, Ein
 rmravti. Of. to, (tenriai Agettla for the l i.iieJ
 State*, to whom all touutuiun utiun* matt l* ad
 dressed Post Paid.
 A li k 11. Saisda Corner of Fuhou and VV tliiaun Zil
 New York.
 H. I). V\ .tde, Mutu St. Paul* Rochester,
 E. Ilollidge, 217 Mum street HufUs&gt;,
 H. k 1* Oayiord, Agent* for LieveUtal UiuJj
 Fav k RiUfxjurnr, Coiuutiwt*,
 J.llk (J. 11 Hill, Detroit, Michigan,
 VV m. Cuuuuigitum, Miliwuohu- Wu.
 J. K Reed, and Co., Clncago 111.
 Dort. T. Mason, Dubuque lows.
 11. Dlacksley, and Co., Si. Loui* Mr.
 Amt fot Male by tisoet ol the pr-m-pwl Dr-gft 'tr,
 ilusughoui the l luted Sum
 1 Mti.VLV.*' k JUiLI V# Mam Mreet,
 fisep. «-lj( CtlKlhtMtqUar^

"
