"FREDERICK DOI’GLASS, E»-™«
VOL. 11. NO. 31.
Thp NORTH STAR i* published every
 Friday, at \o. 2,», Hntlalo Slrcet,
 (&lt;)ppontt IV A id'
 TERMS. j
 Two dollar* per anna n, a.V-flji in airon'. No
 twiner ipt ion will ie received fm a le* term than
 six month*.
 Advertisement* not exec. tiaz ton lino* inserted j
 hre«&gt; tini«*«i tor nr*e doll; Mery »utac&lt;|neiit inser- i
 lion, twenty-live cent*.
 In i: ulijn iof the Non hi Sia r» will lx* to attack
 Sr. avfry iri all ii&lt; f &gt;rms and aspects; advocate
 I Mvmm. Em ancipati exalt the standard j
 of I’i m.ic Morality; pi o.note the moral and in
 t- lie Inal improvement of the Co I, OR r.D People;
 and the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Mu i.hm of our Enslaved Fellow Cocs-i
 T R M I V.
 prm.ISIIF.R’S NOTICES.
 'r Y All r.iininitnicati'iiiJi relating to the husin'ts
 of the paper, name* of surncrilier.*, remit*
 ta ii.c. t t.ionld addressed to John Dick,
 J iihli-lser.
 •&gt;d“ Agents, and all a them sending name*, are
 r (jue.ied tube accurate, and give llie Post
 the County, and the Stote. Each Subscriber is im- 1
 ni'nllately credited for money received.
 (£j**Any person sending in the payment for four
 *iib*&lt;rril&gt;ers, to lx* forwarded to one address, may j
 have a fifth ropy for one year.
 £J* All letters and communication* must lie post,
 aid.
 ElSl OF A CENTS.
 M ass acHL'SK i rs.—H. F. Walcutt, 21, Corah ill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 Fo t«-r, Iyowcll; James N. Bnffnm, l.ynn; George j
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Claries H. Seth, Springfield; David Ruggles,|
 Northampton; 11. Carpeuter, l pton.
 Maine.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Rohinson, North Fer-j
 ri-hure.
 OoNNECTtci T. —Jonathan lvonard, New Haven
 N r Hampshire —W’eare Tappan, Bradford.
 New York.—Sydney If. (lav, 142, Nassau
 Street; James M&lt; Cune Smith, fid, West Broadway:!
 Joseph Post, Westhury, Queen County; Mary liar-
 per, Alhanv; Elias Doiv, Mnceilon; \Vdletls Keese,
 Pent, Clinton Countv; William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J. I\ Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode. Ist. and. Ainaraney Paine, Providence, j
 Pen ns yi.v a n i a.— J M M *Kim, 21 North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. \V. Gobies, H, Exchange!
 Place, Ditto; B. Ilnwn,Pittsburgh Win. Whipjier,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob 1.. Paxoti, Norris
 town, Motiigomery County, Milo A. lwwnsend,;
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; W at
 *on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, liar*
 vevsburgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel I*. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co j
9 c l c c Ui o n s.
 Fioin tlie l*&lt;Miis\lvania I leiinati.
 EXTKACT
 l', um ,1 ijpmr. l,u th- Rev. M. I'liUrftss *y Pful
 in'',‘fihia, Itnl July t, ltf4M.
 ,l |!f I.ail) iiul ii&lt;alt will) any nation”
 I'v alm rxlvii- 20.
 To many, the recurrence of the
 season which celebrates the Declara
 tion and commencement ol our natiou
 u\ independence, usually brings merely
 an occasion of idle and boyisli amuse
 ment. It commonly-"comes, and it
 departs without suggesting one kind
 ling thought, wirhont awakening any
 deep emotion. It is simply a day of
 relaxation and festivity. But now when
 we are so rapidly approaching some
 great crisis in human ullairs, when
 every child among us must be stiuc k
 with the contrast between the large
 measure ol security existing in this
 country and the alarm which over
 shadows the nations ol Kurope; now,
 when older communities are struggling
 in the lire snd smoke of Revolutions,
 there is a significance —an emphasis
 in our great national anniversary,
 which must stir and kindle our deepest
 thouchts. At least, we cannot fail to
 congratulate ourselves tlrut we are
 here. Of some sentiment almost akin
 to devout religious thankfulness, we
 must become involuntarily conscious,
 ns] the tidings reach us of burning
 cities, and streets running with blood,
 and a great horror Ailing upon nations,
 while over our homes, Peace and
 Prosperity are emptying the full horn
 of their blessings.
 But, my friends, it is not only or
 chiefly on account of the abundance of
 our personal blessings, or for the sake
 of our national prosperity that our
 great anniversary is to be welcomed
 with grateful thoughts and remem
 brances. It betokens a low and seltisli
 mind to exult only in what we our
 selves possess. Flic glory of our Dec
 laration of Independence is not that it
 broke the yoke of foreign oppression,
 and introduced the state of tilings in*
 which we now share. Its value is toj
 be estimated not by any definite results,
 by which it lias been followed, but by
 the principle which it asserted. Here;
 is the glory of that declaration—for
 this should the whole nation doit hom
 age —this should awaken our gratitude,
 our reverence, our loyalty—this, name
 ly, that, as at the first, so upon every
 return of the birth day of our nation,
 the principle of the equality, the broth
 erhood of ull mankind is most distinct
 ly and solemnly declared.
 When we consider it thus, as it cer
 tainly is, as a declaration ol the inde
 pendence not of one nation, but oi all
 nations, as the charter of universal hu
 manity who is not impressed with its
 greatness and its power! Notwith
 standing some facts to the contrary, it
 has not been and it will not he a dead
 letter. It sustained thirteen humble
 collides m their bloody struggle with
 the mighty empire which sought to hold
 them iu subjugation to its power. It
 breathed the breath of life over this
 western wilderness. It wrought like a
 word of magic upon one of the fore
 most nations ol' Durope, and as the
 infant cp of freedom was wafted over
 the Atlantic, France burst asunder the
 chains of despotism and madlv strove
 to clutch the bright vision of liberty,
 and then tumbled headlong under the
 chariot wheels of military power. The
 influence of our example, the power ol
 the truth here declared, spread over
 the southern continent ol this hemis
 pbce‘, and the tie which hound it m
 political bondage to the old world wan
 broken. The declaration and estab
 lishment of our national liberties, like
 |he pillar of lire and awoke which led
THE NORTH STAR
Israel from Egyptian slavery, has con
 ducted a vast procession of the oppres
 sed from the old world to the new, and
 still they come, an ever increasing host
 to conquer and adorn the w ilderness of
 the West, under the guidance of bet
 ter institutions. And now', the specta
 cle of this great and thriving multitude,
 living here under the formal recogni
 tion of human rights, acknowledging
 no privileged classes of kings and no
 bles, —does it not unite with the sense
 of oppression and wrong which is
 stinging to madness the names of Eu
 rope, to inflame their noblest aspiration
 and nerve them to the contest with their
 oppressors? The form of government
 here established, and upon the princi
 ple of human equality is now the great
 European Idol. P it ah! not in a day
 can the institution.) of freedom es
 tablished. If they have gained any
 strength here, it is because the people
 of this land, from its very first settle
 ment were trained and prepared for
 them. Our fathers came to the world
 and emancipated from all the oppres
 sive influences of feudal Europe, here
 in a condition, in which no artificial dis
 tinctions of rank, but only personal
 energy, was of any avail, they grew
 up naturally to the stature of freedom;
 and our simple forms of government
 sprung from the character and condi
 tion of the people. Hut now in Europe
 the general mind is perverted and turn
 ed away by the unequal forms of socie
 ty under which, and by which it has
 been fashioned; and the masses do not
 know what that liberty is for which they
 are contending. It will yet he a long
 time, we fear, before the ancient mon
 archies of Christendom can be trans
 formed into free republics. Still dis
 tant as that change may be, Europe
 will never settle back again on the old
 foundations of arbitarry power. There
 is a light shining upon her from across
 the ocean, which, so long as it con
 tinues to shine, will hinder the sleep of
 despotism. Our Declaration of Inde
 pendence, though as yet but partially
 carried out, is nevertheless the hand
 writing on the wall, which disturbs the
 repose of monarchs, and portends the
 doom of the oppressor. \Vhat will be
 its effect; how will it glare, with a
 b finding splendor, when the foul wrong
 of domestic slavery shall be abolished
 j on this soil, and we shall give the lov
 ers of despotic power no occasion to
 1 mock at our professions of freedom?
 When we turn from considering the
 influence of our declaration of human]
 rights upon foreign nations and look ati
 home,’ here too we behold most animat
 ing tokens of its pow'er. It is true,
 when this declaration was made, broad
 and emphatic as it is, many of those,
 who were its most ardent advocates,
 and who pledged life, fortune and honor
 in its defence, were at the .same time
 flatly denying its fundamental truth in
 practice. They were holding men not;
 as their equals hut as their slaves; and
 blinded by custom and interest, they!
 seemed to be utterly insensible to the 1
 great truth which they declared. Near
 ly three quarters of a century have,
 passed away, since the great declara-,
 tion was made, and until within the last
 few years, the anniversary of it was
 celebrated year after year through the
 whole length and breadth of the land,
 and the conscience of the people seem
 ed to be cast into a deep sleep. The
 author of the Declaration of Indepen-'
 dence did, indeed, in his day, confess
 that he trembled for his country when
 he thought of the Justice of Heaven.
 Hut still, as I have said, throughout
 the whole land, there was an utter
 unconsciousness of the lact that there
 were thousands and hundreds of thous
 ands of dwellers on this soil to whom
 our boasted freedom was an unmitigat
 ed and most bitter despotism. And on
 our national birthday it was asserted
 over and over again that this country
 was the home of freedom —that all its
 children were equal in the eye of our
 free institutions; that here was the
 refuge of the oppressed; and this while
 throughout that portion of the country
 which controlled the councils of the
 government, men, women and child
 ren w’ere bought and sold, treated like
 chattels and not like human beings.
 The very existence of as many slaves
 on our soil, as there were people in the
 land when our independence was de
 clared, w as utterly ignored, and lor only
 one reason that can be imagined, be
 cause they were of a different com
 plexion. Thus nearly a century of our
 national history passed, and excepting
 an occasional lamentation uttered here
 and there, over the existence of this
 deep blot upon our freedom, the gene
 ral sense of the country was dull and
 dead. Hut then, at lust, a solitary
 voice was raised calling public atten
 tion to the fact of American Slavery,
 denouncing it as a direct violation of
 our great National Charter, and as
 direct a violation of the law of God,
 and insisting that we must cease from
 doing this great wrong instantly and
 on the fcpot. 1 hat voice was met bv a
 storm of public denunciation; still it
 was heard above the storm. The lone
 ly assertor of the fundamental princi
 ple of the Declaration of Independence
 and of the law of the Christ and of
 (iod, soon drew others around him,
 and mighty in the strength of freedom,
 in the spirit of a noble Christian pat
 riotism, they demanded simply a faith
 ful application of our own professed
 principles. And though they used nc
 weapon save such as reason and con
 science furnished, though they shed nc
 blood but their own, yet their wort
 has gone forth with power, and tU&lt;
 truth of our ualtonal declaration ha:
 been re-u-serted with a broader am
 more glorious meaning. Altbougl
 mobs have gathered, and there hav&lt;
 been burnings and bloodshed, yet tin
 cause of human freedom has gone tri
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR— GOD IS THE FATHER OF I S ALL, AND ALL \VF. ARE BRETHREN.
umphantly onward. From one end ol
 the country to the other it has been
 made the absorbing topic of thought
 and conversation. It has penetrated
 into the heart of powerful ecclesiasti
 cal organizations, and broken them in
 twain. It has entered the halls of out
 State Legislatures and made persona!
 liberty a controlling principle of theii
 action. It has withstood every effort
 to keep it out of our national coanciis.
 It has engrossed the attention and time
 ol Congress, pushing all other busi
 ness aside. It has commanded the
 services of the wisest and most eminent
 of our countrymen —of Adams and ol
 Channing. It has forced politicians
 carefully to trim their sails. In fine,
 it is everywhere assuming in the pub
 lic mind that importance which right
 fully belongs to it, and now it is felt to
 be the one great question of the count
 ry and the age. It is true, the most
 desperate exertions have been made to
 suppress it, but we may estimate its
 power and its success by the very ex
 travagance of the measures to which
 its opponents have been driven. They
 have denied the right of private judg
 ment and the freedom of speech. They
 have disowned the right of petition.
 They have violated the sanctity of the
 Post Office. They have entrapped
 the nation into a bloody war, avowedly
 for the security of the slave power.
 They have contradicted the principle
 of human equality. They have im
 prisoned Iree men, and made it peril
 ous for a free man to enter a State
 where slavery exists. They have
 claimed a right to violate the first prin
 ciple of our Declaration of Indepen
 dence, and to carry Slavery where it
 never existed before.
 But all these things only show how
 mighty is the truth which drives its
 enemies into such folly and madness.
 Notwithstanding all this resistance, or
 rather in consequence of this resis
 tance, the free spirit of the North is
 steadily awaking into life and activity.
 It is slowly and steadily becoming a
 commanding element in the public
 opinion of the North. And in view ol
 all these cheering tokens of the pro
 gress of the Anti-Slavery sentiment, I
 verily believe before (jiod, that there
 arc some sitting here (Ids day who
 shall live to see the kingdom of liberty
 come. It cannot be, hardened as our
 hearts have been against our brother
 man and sister woman, crushed to the
 earth and kept there by our institu
 tions; it cannot be, that when all Eu
 rope tain arms, clamoring for the rights
 of our common nature; it cannot be,
 that, when evert barbarian powers are
 knocking off the chains of the slave; it
 cannot be,‘that when all the world is
 awaking up to the simple claims of
 equal justice, we, claiming as v 4 &lt;kJ to
 be the special advocates of freedom,
 shall continue to strengthen the arrn of
 the oppressor. We cannot much long'®
 er hide from ourselves the fact, that
 the very first principles of our religion
 are involved, and that as believers in
 Christianity, as those who glory in the
 Declaration of Independence, nay, as
 men, endowed w ith the common sympa
 thies of humanity, we can have no
 plainer duty than to aid in all ways
 possible in the emancipation ol the en
 slaved. I pray you, brethren, as you
 would render to the old world the great
 est service that you can render it, as
 you would help the cause ol oppressed
 nations, hold back no longer from th®
 cause of humanity at home. Let nev
 er a word again'pass your lips in justi
 fication of holding men as property
 Honor the declaration of human rights,
 by recognizing those rights in the
 person of the humblest ol your breth
 ren. Celebrate the return ol this,
 season, bv consecrating yourselves to
 the help of the slave, to the held ol the
 weak against the mighty. Let there
 be no question on which side you are,
 whether for the oppressed or for the
 oppressor.
 I know very well that this simple
 work of humanity to which we are
 now summoned by ’so many voices at
 home and abroad, is represented as a
 mere political afiair. But it involves
 the essential life of religion. In the
 progress of this cause, I behold the
 influence of whatever religion there is
 in this land. They who are toiling for
 justice and mercy for the slave seem
 to me to occupy at this day the same
 position which was held, by the early
 Christians in their day. 1 look not to
 the increase ot churches, to the zeal
 with which church going is observed;
 I look not to the forms and ceremonies
 of worship, to the measures which are
 adopted, the societies that are lorraed,
 the monies that are collected, I regard
 not these things as the indications of
 the life, and power and progress of
 religion. True religion before God is
 to do justly and to love mercy—to feel
 for the slave as enslaved w ith him—to
 condemn the sin of oppression—to pro
 claim liberty for all men of every name
 and color. I cannot, his not in me, to
 have any respect for the religion which
 while it observes forms with scrupu
 lous exactness and regularity, passes
 over justice and the love of man. *II
 the love of freedom, if sympathy for
 the wronged AlncHn f is increasing in
 our land,"then is true religion flourish
 ing. This is the true religious Re
 vival. For the sake of Religion then,
 as we would be truly religious, wc must
 be humane, and use all our strength to
 undo the heavy burdens and to let the
 oppressed go free. Even though no
 effort of ours could liberate a single
 .lave, still, for our own soul’s sake, as
 Iwe would know the power of religion
 •in our own hearts, and by our. own
 personal experience, we must commit
 ourselves to the cause of man’s eman
 cipation from wrong. There ts no
 alternative, no peace, no hope, no life
 foru*, but in cherishing that *ptnt of
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1849.
love, which feels instantly and deeply
 for the injured, and knows no rest until
 they are righted. That spirit is the
 spirit, the life of God in the soul of
 man. Oh, not in doctrines nor in
 forms, is our life, but in loving what is
 right with all our strength, and our
 neighbor as ourselves.
 Finally, brethren, upon the return
 of this season, I rejoice in it as the
 most cheering indication in the condi
 tion and prospects of this country
 the agitation, which has commenced
 and is going on in regard to human
 rights. There is no more salutary dis
 cipline for an age and a people than to
 be engaged in the contest for great
 principles. It is a regenerating pro
 cess. Our fathers learned the value
 of liberty by doing ind enduring in its
 behalf. We can learn its value only
 in the same way. We can know the
 truth only by doing the truth. Once
 work for it, once suffer for it, and you
 will know’, as you never can know oth
 erwise, what a treasure, what a foun
 tain of life it is. So mighty is Truth,
 that if we only grasp at the hem of her
 garments, with a hearty good will, a
 healing and life-giving power will shoot
 through our whole being.
From the 'iti-Slavery Standard.
 PROGRESS ON LONG ISLAND.
Our friends the Fosters, who have
 always been distinguished for the per
 tinacity with which they pursue an
 object which they have once under
 taken to accomplish, without regard to
 obstacles, are still on Long Island.,
 j Their experience of the intelligence ot
 the people of Hempstead did not pre
 vent them from going to Flushing and
 holding the meeting under George'
 Fox’s Oak in accordance with the
 notice published in the last Standard,
 though they probably foresaw the re
 ception which awaited them. They,
 would, we have no doubt, had they
 lived in these days, have been behind
 Lot’s wife in the flight from the doomed
 city, without any fear of a saline cat
 astrophe; and in the devout hope of
 j still finding some who would listen to a
 call for repentance; so they could not
 turn away from a spot where the great
 Quaker had preached, trusting that a’
 few might still dwell there who had
 some perception of the truths taught
 by early Friends. But had Fox him
 self appeared in his leather breeches
 and we can conceive of no more dread
 ful apparition to modern Quakerism —j
 he would hardly have met with a worse
 reception. Of what that reception
 would be, they had a foretaste in a pre
 vious meeting which is of
 in I fie Flushytg Journal:
 “Mobocracy —Onlifonday evening
 last, Stephen -S-. and Abby K, £ostsr
 undertook to deliver a Lecture tin
 Slavery at National Hall. The room
 was crowded with listeners. The
 tone and tenor, of the remarks of the 1
 speakers were so objectionable* that a
 portion of the audience; who had evi
 dently come prepared to be dissatis
 fied, commenced throwing eggs at
 Abby and Stephen. The meeting
 broke up in a row, the speakers bare
 ly escaping with whole bones. A
 more disgraceful affair never occurred
 in this village, than this attack of a
 pack of rowdies to use violence against
 a helpless man and woman. Abby
 and her helpmate are entitled to their
 opinions, whatever they may be, as
 much as those who would use violence
 to restrain them from utteriDg their
 sentiments. If the speakers uttered
 objectionable sentiments, the proper,
 way to treat the offence was to leave
 the* room. The speakers would not
 have continued to .address empty
 benches. It is too bad that some ten
 or a dozen mobocrats should be posses
 sed of the power to disgrace by such'
 actions our beautiful village. We are
 the more particular in speaking of this,
 affair, in order.that the respectable.
 portion of our people—we mean those
 who are attached to law and order,;
 may advise with the proper authorities
 upon some means to restrain the spirit
 of rowdyism, which is becoming rather j
 too rampant. There are some dozen
 or so of geniuses, who have for some
 months been paving their way to noto
 riety hy sundry acts; and they should
 not be disappointed of the legitimate
 consequences ot their devility. It is
 quite time that something should be
 done to abridge their ability to disturb
 the public quiet
 We learn from a private letter that
 the Sunday meeting which was here
 foreshadowed, and to which some
 friendly hand thus endeavoured to give;
 a uew character, fulfilled the prophetic j
 fears of this writer. Notwithstanding
 the day was Sunday, and the place
 “Fox’s Oak,” under which the disor-j
 ganizer and fanatic of his time had;
 preached, and is held venerable—we,
 will venture to sav not one in a hun-
 dred of them can tell why—by tbe peo-j
 pie of Flushing, and m spite of the in
 fluence of Samuel Parsons, a Friend, j
 and one of the most respectable citi
 zens of the place, who declared that
 the lecturers should be protected in
 their right to addresi a public assem
 bly the meeting was broken up by the
 shrieks and screams, hisses, cat-calls,
 beliowings, and other characteristic
 noises of the Sunday-pious, and patrio
 tic people of that town. The intelli
 gesi magistrates of the nlluge proved
 themselves Us civil fathers—according
 to the Long Island fashion, we suppose
 _by ordering the Fosters ofl the
 i ground, and threatening them with
 prosecution if they persisted id break
 ing the peace by affording an object for
 t the brutality of tbe people, thus beaded
 by these civil fathers, on which to vend
 itself. Mrs. Foster was struck in the
 faceby an egg, which fortunately how
 f ever, contained tmbrjq chicken—
an instance of the prodigality of the
 1 Flushiogites for which we were nol
 prepared, though it proves the sinceri
 ty of their admiration of Slavery, thal
 1 they are willing to rob their own hen
 roosts to show’ how entirely they ap
 prove of a higher sort of theft.
 Mr. and Mrs. Foster have, this week,
 gone more into the interior of the island,
 and we have some hope ot hearing bet
 ter accounts from them there.
 We subjoin a communication which
 we find in the Hempstead Inquirer,
 which would find a fining place among
 the specimens of the literature of the
 South which we are wont, from time
 to time, to give upon our first page. It
 is a fitting defence of the cause it advo
 cates, and properly holds up the hands
 of the editor of the Inquirer, from
 whom we quoted last week, and who,
 we hear, by the bye, is a pious member
 lof the Methodist Episcopal Church—
 whether North or South our informant
 sayeth not:
 iCp In the last number of the Long
 Island Farmer, its editor expresses a
 great deal of regret that the spirit of
 “misrule” should have broken out in
 this village, in connection with some
 lectures which were delivered here by
 the notorious Foster, and his more no
 torious wife, Abby. Now we by no
 i means intend to become the defenders
 of any who resort to turbulent means to
 deter any person, however disreputa
 ble from the expression of any senti
 ments however disgracelul. There
 are other and better ways of prevent
 ing or at least of remedying the mis
 chief. But we hold him. who, with a
 full knowledge of the nature of the
 opinion which Foster and his wife pro
 fess to entertain, and of the nature of
 their method and style of propagating
 them, would defend those opinions, or
 justify the language oftheir exponents,
 as one whose judgment should not be
 relied upon as a public teacher, and
 whose notions of what is due to public
 decency, are neither safe nor respect
 able. The object of the lectures, as
 far as we could understand it, was two
 fold,—to demonstrate the enormity of
 slaveholding, and to suggest means of
 its abolition. And to illustrate the
 first, it was considered necessary to
 proclaim in the most positive manner
 that the great majority of the people of
 this republic have thought fit from con
 fidence in their integrity and honor, to
 entrust the making and the execution
 of our laws, and in whom we have
 confided the safety of our iifstitutions,
 and the honor of our country, are in
 the most literal apd emphatic sense,
 “liars, thieves, and pirates And to.
 ppint* out the second, it was recom;
 mended that the'Gonstitutfon and
 of the Country, shonld.be boldly and
 deliberately Violated, trampled and
 spurned, with the view of a* fence effect
 ing n dissolution of afid des
 ignedly exposing the southern section
 ofthe country to tjie horrors of a sty
 vile insurrection; whereby it is fondly
 hoped that the negroes there might by
 fire and the sword, rapine and murder,
 establish themselves as misters of that
 region.
 The arguments by which these views
 were upheld w’ere* as little respectable j
 in point of logic, as the sentiments
 which they were intended to justify are
 in point of morality. And whenever)
 any person of respectability, actuated 1
 by right motives, will endorse the one
 or espouse the other, we hold ourselves
 ready to make it manifest.
 That a leading motive which prompts
 the crusade in which Foster and his
 wife are engaged, is notoriety, no one 1
 who listens to them can doubt. That
 they in effect invited disturbance, say
 ing that they expected to be insulted
 and probably assailed, is equally well
 known to all who were present. And
 ito engage in any discussion with per
 i sons of such character, Would not only
 be affording them the readiest m|ans
 of accomplishing their unworthy object,
 but derogatory to any one who would
 become their antagonist.
 From the article furnished by F’oster
 to the Farmer, from which the editor
 of the F'armer has evidently imbibed
 the tone of his own, we should be led
 to suppose that Hempstead had been
 the only place in which these whole
 sale slanderers had ever experienced
 any disturbance; whereas in fact they
 took peculiar pleasure in telling, in
 the course of their tirades, how fre
 i quently they had been inaulled and as
 saulted. And in truth if auy confidence
 is to be placed in their own statements,
 they were treated here, not only much
 better than they deserved, but with less
 interruption than they have generally
 met with. The disturbance at most
 i amounted to some boyish interruptions
 ‘in the lecture room, and some funny
 expreaaions, such as “go it Spec
 “Hurrah for Aunt Abby” and Caen
 equally innocent, which occurred dur
 ing a bar room discussion in which the
 S worthy who plays second fiddle to the
 late Miss Kelly, chose to engage him
 j ae^’
 We fervently hope they may fare no
 i worse elsewhere. As to the editor of
 the F’armer in connection with this
 matter, he has been evidently misled as
 to the manner in which bis new ac
 quaintances conducted themselves.
 I Had he beard tbe lectures he would
 i hove been as prompt as we to have con
 demned them as not only offensive in
 manner but disgraceful in substance.
 And we have only to hope that hcre
 after, he willjadopt the principle, “audi
 alteram partem,” before he bears dowr
 too hard upon “Old Blue.” We mighi
 “carry the war into Africa,” and sat
 something concerning a descent upor
 the Court House one fine night—bu'
 i at present we prefer peace. Verbun
 sapient! sutficit.
 The Pope has sea* 9,000 francs for tb&lt;
 relief of distress in Ixelaai,
Fruoitlic F&lt;ii»l«r;ii (Bco{.) Evcniag Coumnt
 EDI. "I BURGH LADIES’ EM ARC IP A
 TIOX SOCIETY.
 The annual meeting of tins societ;
 was held in the Religious Insti utioi
 Rooms, York Place, yesterday. Th&lt;
 attendance, which was chiefly of la
 dies, was numerous and highly res
 pectable.
 The Secretary read the annual re
 port of the society, which stated tha
 the committee had, d iring the past
 year, kept up regular monthly meet
 ings. and circulated much intormation
 particularly in reference to the intro
 duction of free labor produce instead o
 that of slave labour; besides this, i
 box of contributions had been des
 patched to the Anti-Slavery Bazaar ai
 Boston, United States, which was val
 ued at £157, and assisted materially
 the pecuniary success of the Bazaar,
 which as a whoje realised the sum o!
 3300 dollars. The report then pro
 ceeded to give a slight sketch of the
 anti-slavery cause at large, trom which
 it appeared thatslavery in America
 still continued to I great extent, 3,000,
 000 being there held in slavery; that
 the churches, with some exceptions
 whicn we are glad to find are in
 creasing'), bear no testimony against the
 sin of their land; but rather, on the
 contrary, lend their sanction to the
 guilt of the slaveholder. The con
 duct of the American Board of Com
 missioners for foreign missions was
 brought forward to show the inconsis
 tency of their course, in leaving the
 3,000,000 slaves at home in heathen
 darkness, and suffering the tribes, to
 whom they professed to carry the gos
 pel, to continue in the sin of slave
 holding. The discussions in the 1 louses
 of the Legislature were then referred
 to, respecting the question of whether
 slavery and a slave market should con
 tinue to exist in the district of Colum
 bia, the seat of the Government of the
 free republic of the United States, and
 also as to whether slavery should be
 extended to the new territory added to
 the Union by the conquest of New Mex
 ico. Several interesting cases were
 introduced of the sufferings endured by
 those who, from a sense of benevolent
 and Christian duty, assisted slaves in
 their escape trom bondage to freedom,
 fwo of these were fined the respective
 sums of 5-100 and *2500 dollars; other
 :wo have been sentenced to virtual
 long life imprisonment; and another, a
 respectable colored citizen was senten
 ced to pay a fine of 500 dollars and
 costs, to be imprisoned for ten months,
 and tfren sold into slavery to the high-,
 est bidder for fourteen The re
 port then alluded to the satisfactory re
 sults. of emancipation in the colonies
 belonging and flenmark, aud
 then proceeded to span up tite number
 of slaves still in id by professedly Chris
 tian nations: this is computed at 7,000,*
 000! the African slave trade is carried
 on to an enormous extent; and from a
 carefully prepared statement recently
 laid before a select .committee pf the
 House of Commons it was ascertain
 ed that during the last forty ypars 4,
 "(01,800 of Africans had been imported
 into Brazil, 1,440,0*47 into the Spanish
 colonies, and 502,000 into other coun
 tries: the mortality during the middle
 passage 1,121,*290; -captures by British
 cruisers since the year 1810, 117,380
 making a grand total of 5,048,500, as
 he victims of the foreign African slave
 ;rade from 1807 to 1817. Added to this
 :ruly appalling statement is the dread
 ful fact demonstrated by Sir T.E. Bux
 ton, that for every slave embarked one
 is sacrificed in the wars and tiie deten
 in the baracoons, and thus we have the
 result, that ten millions are the victims
 of the slave trade for the last forty
 years, of whom three fourths have
 perished in Africa and in the middle
 passage, and the remnant are letl to
 linger out a wretched existence, and to
 meet a premature death. The report
 concluded by entreating the aid, co-op
 eration, and earnest, prayers of the
 friendsofthe oppressed. The treasur
 er’s statement showed the receipts to be
 £43, 7s. 7d., aqd the expenditure to be
 £35, Bs. The committee and office
 bearers were then appointed for the
 next year, and a circular was read,
 stating that the committee had resolved
 to send this year, as formerly, a box
 »f contributions to the Boston Anti-
 Slavery Bazaar, and the contributions
 requested to be prepared as usual be
 fore the Ist of November.
 The meeting then proceeded to con
 sider a memorial proposed to be for
 warded to the Qtieen, with the signa
 tures of the women of Britain: it is to
 the effect that her Majesty w.ll do all
 in her power for the extinction of the
 g'ave trade, and the promotion ef the
 use of the produce of free labor. The
 meeting agreed to adopt the memorial,
 and to endeavour to interest friends in
 the city and country, with a view to
 promoting its extensive signature. They
 also proposed to circulate many pub
 lications on the free labor question, ol
 which several copies were distributed
 at the meeting.
 We hope the ladies of Kdinburgh wil
 not neglect this opportunity of uniting
 in a testimony to anti-slavery prince
 pies, and that the memorial wilt b&lt;
 signed m a manner to reflect credit on
 our fellow towns-women.
SLAVERY IX CALIFORNIA.
 The latest and muni approved HchetiM
 of slaveholder* and their accomodating
 allies in the Northern State*, m tin
 pretence that slave* cannot he em
 ployed, and that Slavery will he t y l
 crated, in California. How tna»/ 9r
 to be deceived by the arhiice re, V*"''
 to be seen. We hope bat
 •lave* can be employed m an form a
 and that 81av«ry an ioftitution a:
JOHN PICK,
WHOLE NO. 83.
be carried to that territory, we have
 an abundance of proof. It was only*
 last spring, just at the close of the last
 Congress, tiiat the present Attorney
 General of the l nited States said in
 the Senate, that Slave labor could be
 employed in California and should be
 employed there, and that the South
 should unite to bring about such a re
 sult. Such has been the doctrine of
 Southern politicians (thoae who have
 been honest enough to speak their
 thoughts) ever since the first blow
 was struck in the Mexican War. There
 are doubtless many in California who
 would gladly keep slavery from that
 territory, but there are others, and a
 much more numerous class, who, im
 mersed as they are in schemes of wealth
 ami impelled ouwnrd by the most re
 sistless current of avarice which pre
 vails among the present population of
 that country, care little whether slavery
 is introduced ihere or not, too little to
 take any trouble themselves about it.
 And there is yet another class of
 Californians, who, instead of being
 indifferent to this subject, are decidedly
 in love with the scheme of carrying
 slavery to that region, and stand ready
 to participate in the business when
 ever they shall be allowed to do sp.
 The following of intelligence
 furnish additional proof of w hat w e are
 saying:
 Slaves wanted tv California.—
 W e gave an extract the other day, s B ys
 the Baltimore Sun, show ing that though
 it was declared the people of California
 would exclude slavery, yet a merchant
 at San Francisco, from Rhode Island,
 had bought a negro woman and child
 for nMMIO In addition, L. W. Boggs,
 formerly Governor of Missouri:
 “In connection, let me say if your
 sons will bring out two or three
 negroes, who can work and attend at a
 hotel, your brother will pay cash for
 them at a good profit, and take it as a
 great favor.”
 A San Francisco letter fron a New
 Yorker, written in April also says:
 “Good boys that a man could hire
 cheap are wanted. A good negro
 would do well. If l could buy a good
 slave at the South, lie would be a good
 thing if 1 could keep him.”
 Who, then, believes that there is no
 danger of Slavery’s being extended
 over this new territory? Nothing is
 more certain, than that slavery will be
 carried to California, and that soon,un
 less by*an act of Congress, a tree gov
 ernment is guarantied to the people of
 tlmf country.- I Northern Citizen.
 A .'ir.iuc an *Wuman.— The deaf ajul
 r dumb indiffejKmce of the gneat mass oti
 American oman to tire crying wrongs,
 of tHe slave, oue of the stAngestf
 problems of tho times. Wfr camTet
 solve it* at alf. td our Satisfaction.
 Woman are cither wholely Dr meaaura-
 W Y .clear ot some of the most potent
 mHuc.net s that keep men in the wrong"
 —that is certain. The vile lust Of
 ollice—the use of, and Iraftic in intoxi
 cating liquors—the thousand dishon
 est means employed in the acquisition
 of wealth —these things, we suy, are
 mostly confined to the masculine gen
 der; and of the stupid ignoiaace, the
 foolish pride, and miserable prejudice
 that deform and disgrace humanity, a
 full share falls to tfie male side/ Add
 to this,that women are always conceded
 to have quicker and deeper sympathies
 than men, —and we cannot explain the
 almost universal indifference manifes
 ted by the former in regard to the mil
 lions of slaves in our land. YV r e believe
 the women alone, it they would but ar
 rouse and wield it, possess the power
 to kill W ar, Slavery andjintemperance.
 Why will they not exercise it?— Htrk
 Freeman.
Tiif.Capital Plmsment Question.
 —lt behoves all Christians to get as
 much light as they can upon this sub
 ject of choking people to death. If tho
 gallows is a Divine iusrumentality for
 making men better, we ought not to
 give it up but if is not a Divine instru
 mentality, the sooner we get rid of it
 the better. In a late pumber of the
 Exeter England) Times, we find an
 ably written review of a sermon preach
 ed by the Dean of Exeter, and just
 published under the title of “The Sa
 credness of Human Life and the doom
 of Murder.” The Dean takes for bis
 text the passage, “Whoso sheddetli
 man's blood, by man shall his blood be
 shed;” and the reviewer, who evident
 ly understands what he is talking about,
 denies the authority of LUeac xiorda,
 and gives the following reason:
 1 say, these are not the words of
 God. It may seem strange for lay
 man, to contradict s cTergUnsn, on
 such a point ;but this is not the iiist uuus
 ecclesiastical dignitaries have been set
 right in their theology; nor will it ho
 the last. 1 must, therefore, he pardon
 ed for my presumption. The words of
 God are these Whatsoever sheddetli
 man’s blood, its blood will be shed:”
 and* if Mr. asks me bow I prove
 this, I refer him to the original Hebrew,
 to the to the Vulgate, and
 to the versions (among others) of Wic
 liff, Calmet, Scio and OstervaW. The
 words “by man” are an imUrpotaiwn,
 and were placed in the passage by Inc
 “Bishops, Priests and Deacons, who
 produced one common version, ane
 Ica.ed .1 &lt;o &gt;h«
 lr.n« James, »be burned
 ibJUude of old women Cot wilcbcr.ft.
 I opoo Bible authority. Wore.
 Wu-mi, the voeabst, died on the 9th inst,
 Usehtw. Canada, from exposure while on a
 Mb mg excursion.
 j J«m» &lt;2. tW said to be lying*
 dangerous') ill »t 1.4 ftfedeocs ia MkHi
 g»n
"
