"Tribute of Respect to William Lloyd
 Gnrritoii.
 I rom the Boilov Emux ipttor ami KepuWican
 The meeting of colored citizens held ai
 Bromfield Hal), on Monday evening', was 0T
 ffanized by the choice of John i Ho'on,
 President; Henrv'W. Weeden, Thomas Dal
 ton, Robert Morris, Jr., Coffin Puts and John
 T Smith, Vice Presidents Isaac H. Snow
 den and Wm T. Raymond, Secretaries. Ihe
 President stated that the object ot the meeting
 was to present to Wm. Lloyd Garrison a
 testimonial of their affection and esteem, and
 to extend to Wm. W. Brown the right hand
 of farewell, on his departure as a delegate ot
 the American Peace Society, to the Congress
 of Nations, to be held in August. Mr. Wm.
 C. Nell was introduced to the audience and
 in a very appropriate speech tendered to Mr.
 Garrison, in behalf of the colored citizens ot
 Boston, a heautilul silver pitcher or» which
 were inscribed the following words
 “Our Country is the World,
 Our t’ounirynw'n are all mankind.”
 Prcttnted to \Vit.i.t am Li otd GrSMios.bj tl»e
 Colored Citizens of Boston, in grateful testimony
 of his undeTiating devotion to ibe cause of
 I. itivenial Emancipation.
 July 16.184 H.
 Mr. Garrison replied at some length, and
 with great eloquence, giving a condensed ac
 count of his labors in the Anti-Slavery Re
 form, and ihe obstacles overcome, nnd closing
 with the request that if ever he proved re
 creant lothe Have, and betrayed his interests,
 that they should U’ke back their gift, for u
 would be no longer his. Mr. Thomas P
 Smith in a few remarks which drew forth the
 hearty applause of the audience, tendered tc
 Mr. Brown the congratulations ofhis friends,
 with their earnest desire for a successful mis
 sion to the Old World, and a speedy return tc
 his native land. Mr. Brown (who is a fugi
 tive slave, and has never had an hour's school
 ing m his life,) responded in a manner thai
 would have done credit to a man of finished
 education. After a few remarks from Wen
 dell Phillips, and Rolert Morris Jr., Esquires,
 and the passage ol resolutions complimentary
 to Messrs. Garrison and Brow n, the meeting
 broke up with enthusiastic cheers for Georgt
 Thompson of England, and the great cause
 of Emancipation. A.
 We had the pleasure ot attending the meet
 ing and listening to the addresses, and w t
 readily endorse the commendation of our cor
 respondent. The occasion was one of deej
 interest, and must have been highly gratify
 ing to Mr. Garrison. He appeared somewhai
 oppressed and embarrassed at the evidence o
 affectionate regard on the part of the colorec
 citizens of Boston. He may well feel grati
 fied at the evidences of confidence which the
 colored people of Boston and the country
 inaiulest towards him. He has richly earned
 their confidence and regard. For twenty
 years he has fought the battle of their race
 with heroic devotion. At all times, in pros
 perity and adversity, he has been as true tc
 them as the needle to the pole. Persona
 friendships, party attachments, religious as
 nociatious, all have been made to yield to his
 devotion to the rights of the colored race.
 Statesmen, Patriots, Philosophers, and
 Political Economists have advocated the
 abolition of slavery for the best interests ol
 the country, but to William Lloyd Garrison
 belongs the glory of advocating the cause ol
 emancipation for the sake of the poor, des
 pised and degraded slave. History will give
 him that glory—the world will accord it to
 him. He took his position at once by the
 tide of the slave. Fro m that point he has
 viewed and judged political parties, churches
 and governments. He has embodied and
 uttered the sentiments of the colored race
 towards the institutions that oppress that race.
 No wonder, then, that he has the love and
 confidence of that oppressed race of man.
 They will give him their confidence while
 living, and when dead, they will revere his
 name and cherish his memory, and water
 with their tears the sods that shall lie on his
 bosom.
 Mk Rkmond’s Address.—On last even
 ing a large and highly .respectable audienci
 attended at the City Hall to listen to the ad
 dress from Mr. Remond upon the Conditior
 of the Free People|ofColor in the Free States
 It was a masterly vindication ofhis race, and
 conclusive in its proofs as to the cause ol
 their inferiority, where any exists. —Thai
 cause the eloquent lecturer showed to be an
 unnatural prejudice, alike unreasonable and
 disreputable to the whites who indulge it
 The treatments received by Mr. R. while
 in Europe was admirably contrasted with that
 which his race is subjected to in this country
 And we may say, the picture was one on ac
 cotfnt of which we, as Americans, havt
 cause for deep and painful humiliation. Wt
 cannot do Mr. Remond so much injustice as
 to attempt a synopsis of his speech. Wlier
 vve say that it was impressive, eloquent
 earnest, brilliant, and scathing w idi a just anc
 honorable indignation to the oppressors oi
 his brethren and our brethren, we have giver
 but a faint idea of what we conceive to be
 one of the noblest and manliest efforts it has
 been our fortune to listen to this many s
 day.
 Mr. Remold's visit to this plaee cannot but
 be productive ot much good. Every one whn
 hears him or comes in personal contact with
 hint is charmed by his singular eloquence, his
 polish and suavity. He is a living refutation
 of the) stereotyped falsehood of inferiority.—
 And what is more, his prssence forces this
 conviction upon the minds of even the most
 deeply prejudiced. We are gratified to learn
 that Mr. Remond. at the earnest solicitation
 of numerous trienda, has consented to de
 liver another lecture before leaving the city.
 W e hope he will feel lmnself able to delivei
 several more.
 Mr. Monroe, a gentleman of color also, ad
 dressed the meeting last night We were
 too late to hear him, but are informed that ii
 was an able effort.— Chicago Tribune.
 Erom ilic Chronotype.
 “What ahull we Eat
 ihe cry is every where, what shall we eat 1
 —Some ask, ‘Whatsha’nt we eat The
 cholera is come. How shall we escape 1 1
 cannot get away. “I am in jail.”— ‘‘on the
 jury,”—“on the bench”—‘‘nailed to the
 counter,” —“a marriage intended,” and what
 not, —”1 can’t go.” ‘‘lt’s no go with me.
 "hat shall 1 eat 1 Of “what shall we
 dnnk r the question is small. Men and wo
 men drink pretty much what they please, and
 no question asked—at least there is none for
 ‘‘conscience sake. From aqua C'oolutuata
 down to aqua vita-, they all and each choose
 as they please, and drmk thru, ‘‘Plague on
 all cholera, say they, “we will drink.”
 And who asks, “wherewithal shall we be
 clothed ’’’Nobody.—From jacket to Tack-
 Lorn broadcloth to drill «v e v wears
 w hat he best likes or most easily Kets [l( j
 who is not satisfied 1 From the pauper, uh u
 lies down, all standing and gets up as he laid
 himself down, —who carries Jus whole w ard
 robe upon him, and sometimes something
 —to the nicest gentleman juat loose from
 Huntington's, wlio complains ofhis dr«ss
 Nobody—man, woman, nor child.
 But “what shall we Eat j I stopped at a
 pronsioner’s shop yesterday. He sat solita
 ry on bis meat-hlock. His hat was on Ins
 head, fox nobody’s presence bad asked so
 much courtesy of him aa to take it off. Tlie
 radishes were wilted, the asparagus withered,
 the spinage yellow, the potatoes sprouimg.
 Every green thing looked askance as if they
 wondered why they had not been bought 1
 piued the silly things, and in my turn won
 dered they had taken the trouble to grow.
 I spoke to my useful neighbor and kindly
 asked how was business. “O, nothing, no
 thing,” cried, or sighed he, “Mrs A. sent
 word to send no more lettuce and sent back
 wbst I had sent.—Mrs U. sent back the as
 paragus and said she should want no more till
 next spring Mr*C«. said as much about
 spinage, and my poor potatoes you see are all
 rujiJUDg to trtl-d.
I went on and csJ led on a medical friend.
 A patiest was in his study.— Take,” said
 he, “every now and then, P. r. n. ten drops
 laudanum Stop at Dr Place, and
 get some no lake a prescription, for they
 won't sell you the beat without one. What
 shall I eat I “For dinner a bit of lean heef
 or mutton —broiled or roasted—with boiled
 rice or stale bread. For breakfast and sup
 per boiled milk and rici or bread and if you
 are not better in three days, come again, and I
 will tell you what to do next.” ‘There,'
 added mv friend, “Mr. X. you see the second
 who has called within an hour on account of
 very small maladies, and want as much ad
 vice as if they hod the cholera with collapse
 But they do wisely for you know obsta prin
 cipal is the word now-adays.”
 “What shall we eatl quote the Bible
 for niy answer, not being a medical man.
 “Eat the bread of carefulness.” “Pray
 what sort of bread, Mr. X., is that,” said
 Mrs. Partington. “Is it sweet bread, or is
 it shew bread 1 The lady’s question is per
 tinent, and I can answer it. “The bread of
 carefulness,” is the bread one makes, or
 earns for himself. It comes from clean hands,
 a pure and honest heart, and a firm mind. It
 is always light, and white, and sweet. You
 cannot starve upon it, and of u you will rare
 ly eat too much' and if you do, it won't
 hurt you. It brings with it easy digestion,
 or it finds it. It is full of contentment,
 which says the Bible, with Godliness, is
 great gain. It fears the cholera no more than
 u does the bailiff. If the woid is “die,” 1
 which a never says itself, it responds, “die.”
 It does not regard life so much as truth, and
 does not fear death so much as wrong. Now
 is not this good biead 1 I*et the people make
 it,’ and eat a.”
 Such, Mr. Editor, is my homily for,the
 times—not your neighbor exactly, or special-
 but for the people, and for him amongst
 the rest. We are, they say, in a panic be
 cause of the cholera. This is the suresMvay
 to get a. It is going after a, and a will
 pretty surely find it Now tell the people to
 forego all such folly.—Tell them to. keep to
 work as they have been for years. Let them
 eat and drink and wear things agreeable and
 convenient for them And do caution them
 not to ask, as the sweet and graceful morsel
 travels over their clean and healthful tongue,'
 if it have not cholera in it. Tell them that
 they must feel sure of being well, and then
 “go ahead.” Mr. X.
Louis Kossuth ol Hungaiy.
 Jt is often said that a great man is the crea
 ture of an emergency; the product of ‘.he
 times. Without disputing that great enr.er-
 I gencies develope the highest human energies,
 we can usually gobeyond these emergencies,
 and find their cause in those very men who
 manfully meet them when they appear. In
 this view, many a hero who seemed thrown
 up by a popular wave to be the leader of a
 nation, becomes doubly great as the cause cf
 the tumult, which by the popular voice, he is
 called upon to direct or allay. Such a man
 is Louis Kossuth, the present master-spirit
 of Hungary.
 liouis Kossuth is of noble birth, and is now
 forty three years of age. At the age of
 j sixteen, we find him in Pesth, engaged in
 the study of law. He was extremely poor,
 but his industry and energy precured him
 malty strong friends, and among the rest,
 several membeis of the Hungarian diet. They
 paid his debts, and furnished him in clothes
 and board, and even paid his lecture fees.
 He finished his course of studies, entered into
 picture and succeeded in making a living,
 though nothing more. For three or four
 years he lived in comparative obscurity, and
 then burst upon the stage a public man; and
 such, except during three years of most cruel
 imprisonment has he been ever since.
 The Hungarian constitution, established in j
 1822, knew no law or provision against the
 liberty of the press. Notwithstanding this,*
 j the Austrian Government has exercised for
 1 ths last forty years, a most severe censorship,
 i This censorship was not accomplished by any
 1 processes of law, but the authors of the ob
 noxious articles were secretly thrust in prison.
 Kossuth who lived in Presburg in the year
 1835, conceived the idea of learning the art
 i of stenography, and himself reporting the
 Legislature. He did so, and published his
 reports in lithographed copies. The Gov
 ernment tried every method of checking their
 i circulation, and at last ordered Kossuth to
 discontinue the practice. The people now
 I took the matter into their hands, and the
 papers were carried to the houses ol the sub
 scribers by the privileged messengers of the
 ‘‘Comitates” or counties. This went on,
 I until, immediately after the sudden proroga
 tion of the diet, Kossuth, several oth
 ers, suddenly disappeared. The exciciement
 was great, hut the Government declared it
 self ignorant of the whereabouts of the miss
 ing men. Three years after this, Kossuth
 with the unfortunate men who had been en
 tombed in a dungeon svith him,appeared before
 i their families. Ofhis companions in misery,
 one was blind, and another mad, but lus
 own firm constitution had sustained him.
 Kossuth, the martyr was now the man
 of the people. He became editor of the
 Pesth Gazette, and in one year the paper
 I multiplied its subscribers twenty times.
 Kossutb’s power of writing was felt every
 where. The Hungarian became the predom
 inating language. In many villages the
 peasants learned to read so as to be able to
 peruse the Gazette.—The attacks upon the
 Government and its officials were unceasing,
 anu decided improvemennt in the adminis
 tration of iaw was perceptible every where.
 Government at last bought the paper of the
 proprietor, and Kossuth was of course cut a
 drift. He then endeavored to establish a
 paper of his own, but did not succeed. He
 at this time suggested the idea of a pro
 tective Union, ft had its basis in this It
 had been three hundred years the policy of
 i the Austrinn Government to extract as much
 wealth as possible from Hungary. This was
 vione in various ways. The system of absen
 i teeisrn was encouraged,the noble and wealthy
 weie drawn and kept at ienna; and every
 thing exported from Hungary into the Hered
 itary .States, went duty free. In considera
 tion of this,Kossuth became the head of a so
 ciety, which, in a short time, numbered more
 than half of the nation, and which resulted in
 the establishment of manufactories; while
 the noblest ladies, instead of foreign silks,
 wore coarse Hungarian cottons. The nature j
 and objects of this society are indicated in the
 original proposition, as follows:
 Hungary is divided in 52 komitats (coun
 ties.) If we should succeed in inducing
 two in-‘uufactureis to settle in each county,
 if we could give them the nescesary lands,
 it would be to the interest of those manu
 facturers to build the roads neecessrv to a
 communication with the surrounding markets.
 If successful we should thus have at least
 four principal highways in each county. To j
 empower these men io carry ontheirmanufae
 tories and to bring them to perfection, we I
 must guarantee them not only a maiket, but
 for the first years even pecuniary aasistanee.'
 The whole nation, therefore has to bind it-;
 self by its word of tionor, not to use or pur-!
 chase the products of any lereign manufactu
 rer, until its own manufacturers should be a
 ble to produce articles equal to that |of for
 eign countries.
 This Union was at last dissofved by the;
 cunning of Mettermcii and his tools.—Kos-
 auth retired, slandered. But he could not j
 remain idle, and immediately expended his
 energies in endeavoring to create a free har-
 bor m h lume. to be connected with Pesth by j
 railway. 1 his was to be followed by a Hun-
 gaiiaii Navy, and the people look up the idea
 wall enthusiasm. Here he was foiled again,!
 •m ll 1 we IJUi ,n the
 ilie Emperor of Austria opened his Diet,
 and Kossuth immediately became the soul of I
 it. From November 1h47, to March 1648, j
 he accomplished more by bis power of pei-
 suasion and eloquence, tfiau France had
 effected with the bayonet.—Here the events
 ofhis fife crowd so quickly and startlingly j
 upon owe another tb»t we have wot apace to
chronicle them. He made Minister’of Finance,
 President of the Ministry, and carries avery
 measure that he proposes. Since the abdo
 cation of the Emperor Ferdinand on Decem
 ber 2d. the history of Kossnth has been the
 history of Hungary-
 That he is the prominent man now upon
 the world's stage, none doubt who know his
 recent history. He is a powerful writer, an
 eloquent orator, a statesmau of consummate
 abiluy.and m all points s truly great man. His
 oratory is astonishing. He has fine features,
 and a commanding presence. He addressed,
 and carried the Germans in German. He
 spoke to the Sclaves in the mountain cities in
 the Slovak languages, and raised them to a
 pitch of fearful excitement.—The Catholic
 j clergy he gained in their assembly Council
 |at Sumog, by a thrilling speech in
 He has already run a career of glory, and
 the way seems clear before him for yet high
 er renown. He hai succeeded in fastening
 the attention of the world, and engaging the
 sympathies of all true friends of freedom
 fy-nngjicld Republican.
George Thomson of England.
 Groton, July 9, 1849.
 Friend Garrison
 We were favored yesterday with a visit
 from an agent of the American Colonization
 Society, the Rev. Mr. Pratt. He occupied the
 pulpit of the Orthodox Church in the morning,
 and the Unitarian in the afternoon. His dis
 course (the one to which 1 listened —and both
 were alike, I suppose) was made up of the
 absurd, contradictory and wicked arguments
 usually advanced in support of African expa
 triation. Ido not propose to allude to them
 particularly, but simply to notice an assertion
 in reference to George Thomson, which
 greatly surprised me. He said that the Hon.
 George Thomson asserted in his place in the
 British Parliament, that the scheme ot Afri
 can Colonization, as advocated by the Ameri
 can Colonization Society, was the only means
 of destroying slavery and the slave trade, and
 elevating the colored race In other words,
 that he advocated the claims of that Society.
 How is it
 I ought to say, perhaps, that Mr. P. said
 nothing abusive of abolitionists.
 Yours for the rights of all,
 S. C. WHEELER.
 Touching the Colonization discourse of the
 Rev. Mr. Pratt, at Groton, as described by
 our correspondent in another column, we
 deem it necessary merely to say, for the pre
 sent, that vve have no more doubt that the
 assertion in regatd to Mr. Thomson is utterly
 false, than we have that the American Colo
 nization Society is upheld by lying deception,
 cant and brutality.— JJbrrator.
 Peace Congress at Paris. —As some
 apprehensions have been expressed by our
 friendsjt hat the state of siege tn which Paris
 is at the present time, may prevent the con
 templated meeting ol the Peace Congress at
 Paris on the appointed day, vve are happy to
 allay them by the publication of the following
 extract from a private letter from Mr. Burntt,
 dated at London. June 22d.
 “We are waiting a few days for the politi
 cal agitation and the cholera to subside in
 Paris, before vve goto make the final arrange
 ments. We shall assume that the Congress
 will certainly be held in Paris but if any
 awful convulsions occur to render it imprac
 ticable, we shall arrange so as to change our
 place of meeting to Brussels at the shortest
 notice. So I hope you will not entertain a
 doubt for a moment of the Congress being
 held at the appointed time. It will not make
 an hour’s difference, in time, or a farthing in
 expense, to shift to Brussels, if anything un
 forseen should occur to induce us to go thith
 er.”
 In addition to the above, our friend Ed
 mund Fry informs us that Mr. De Tocque
 vtlle, the present Minister for Foreign Affairs
 in France, has given in his name, to be one
 of the committee of arrangements in Paris.—
 Ch. Citizen.
Proscription in Ohio.
 Henry C. Wright, in a letter to the
 Liberator, dated Massillon, Stark Co. 0., has
 the following account of a shameful instance
 of proscription on account of color, enacted
 by the hypocritical religionists of that town.
 Wherein is Christianity better than heathen
 ism, if it authorises such violation of right
 There are some six or eight families ol
 i colored people here, having some twelve oi
 fifteen children of suitable age to be in the
 school. When the school was opened last
 year, under the management of the present
 trustees and teachers, the colored children
 were admitted with others, and were treated
 by teachers and scholars the same as others.
 The children associated with them in free
 and loving intimacy, and so did the teachers
 and trustees. None made their complexion
 their leproach. The colored children, as to
 talents and behavior, were on a par with the
 others; and some of them were the brightest
 and best behaved scholars in the school, as
 teachers and trustees assure me. But this
 was not to be endured. Soon, some parents
 began to cry out against having their children
 i associated with colored children. A petition
 j was circulated by George Hine, a church
 member, to gel the colored children* excluded
 i from the school. A meeting was called ol
 the voters of the town, and, by a formal town
 vote, the colored children were excluded from
 the school. This was done under the fol
 i lowing act, at that time iu force, and now it is
 but little better. The past winter, the law
 was amended so as to make it optional with
 the trustees to exclude them or not
 j Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
 iin every city, incorporated town or village,
 seat of justice, or organized township m
 this State, containing a less number than
 twenty black or colored children, desirous of
 attending school, it shall be the duty of the
 'directors of any school district, organized for
 the education of white children, to admit
 said black or colored children upon the same
 terms, and they shall be entitled to the same
 benefits as they would he if they were white,
 under the acts to which this is an amendment.
 Provided, no written objection be filed with
 the directors, signed by any person having a
 1 child in such school, or by any legal voter of
 'such district.
 Thus, you see, any drunken, polluted
 vagabond of this town is, by law, empowered
 |to cast all the colored children, however in
 tellectual, w ell-behaved and desirous to learn,
 from the public schools. So George Hine,
 a member of a church, in good and regular
 standing, volunteered to do tlie deed, or to
 lead on others to do it. There are no other
 public schools in town but this. There are
 no private schools, this public oue having
 swallowed them all uj&gt;. And lam told the
 daughter of George Hine, before this school
 Was opened, taught a private school, and
 went to the colored people and solicited their
 patronage, and urged them to send their chil
 dren to her school. The colored people are
 too few and too poor to susta.n a school con
 sequently their children are without school
 ing. Then, the very persons who drive them
 fiom the school are ever taunting them for
 their ignorance. Never was malignity more
 satamc! What else can colored people be
 but deadly enemies of the whites l It is the
 government and the religion that make them
 enemies, that drive them to ignorance and
 vice, and then punish them. There are no
 instances, in the records of man, of more
 commendable forbearance, and suppression of
 revenge and its murderous promptings, than
 are found among the oppressed of this re
 public.
 In this action ot the Church and State,
 what makes it peculiarly hateful is, that the
 law and the fact are a direct violation of the
 Constitution of the State, which they both
 recognize a* tbeir supreme law. When
 Congresa framed a government for the Terri
 tory of Ohio, it set apart one section of land
 ui each town, to constitute a fund for the
 education of til the children. The State
Constitution was framed in 1802. The fol
 lowing u the section touching schools:
 Sec. 25. That no law shall be passed to
 pteveol Ihe poor in the several counties and
 I townships within thia State from an equal
 participation in the schools, academies, col
 leges and universities within this State, which
 are endowed, in whole or in part, from the
 revenue arising from donations made by the
 United States for the support of schools and
 colleges and the doors of such schools and
 universities shall be open to the reception ofi
 scholars, students and teachers, of every]
 grade, without any distinction of preference,
 whatever contrary to Ihe intent for which said i
 donations were made.'
 Nothing could be more explicit. This pub-]
 lie school of Massillon receives, annually.]
 over 600 dollars of that donation, given by j
 you, by me. and by every man and woman,]
 to educate all the children of Massillon, ‘with-]
 out any distinction or preference whatever;’
 and yet George Hine, the church member,
 and his allies, break into our schixd, and
 thrust out some twelve or fifteen of the schol
 ars. solely because of their complexion, j
 Ministers and churches are dumb about it.
 Nay, not duned, they hound on those who
 perpetrate this mean, satanic deed, and then,
 denounce us as infidels and atheists, because,
 we wdl not worship at their shrine, and allow j
 them to call over us the name of their God.
 THEIR god is a FIEND; their reli
 gion, an imposition: and for one, 1 intend so
 to treat it and him, and to call on all the out-
 raged and oppressed to join me. That fiend,'
 to whom the perpetrators of 9uch atrocities
 build churches rung, make prayers and ser- j
 mons, and perlbrm*« orship whom they dig-1
 nify with the title of God, must be dethroned
 from the hsarts of the people, before they!
 can admit the reign of humanity and justice
 and before they can be made to have any j
 just conception of Him, who created this;
 world, and engraved on the constitution of
 our social emstence, the law—*Do to others,
 as you would that they should do to you.,;
 Will not the Convention of Colored People, j
 to meet August Ist,in Cincinnati,take up this 1
 matter 1 Where are the Free-Soilers of Ohio*
 Why do they not make the abolition of these
 laws; and the vindication of the rights of thair
 colored fellow citizens, rest questions of their
 party 1 Will the colored people be earned a
 way by their appeals, unless they will?
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JULY 27, J 649.
Bibles and Testaments for distribution
 among the Colored People.
 We have received, through a benevolent
 friend of the oppressed in this country, one
 hundred copies of Bibles and Testaments,
 which are at our disposal, for gratuitous dis
 tribution among colored families destitute of
 the Sacred Scriptures. It is proper to state
 that these Bibles have been generously given
 for this purpose, by the British and Foreign
 Bible Society, and that the same Society will
 be happy to furnish us with an additional sup
 ply, if more shall be needed. Any person
 destitute of a Bible and wishing to obtain a
 copy of either Bible or Testament, will be
 provided with pleasure at the North Star
 office.— f. d.
Charles Lenox Kemoqd.
 Intelligence from the west assures us of the
 interest excited in that quarter by the hap
 py efforts of this talented and eloquent
 advocate of equal rights. For a very hand
 some notice of his first lecture in Chicago,
 we refer our readers to the article in another
 column copied from the Daily Tribune of
 that City.
The first oi August Celebration at
 Cincinnati.
 It is now certain that 1 cannot fulfil my
 engagement to be present at thia interesting
 anniversary. The searching illness to which
 I have been subjected during the past fort
 night, has left me in a condition wholly unfit
 for the fatigue of the journey and the labors
 expected of me on that occasion. I shall
 share mutually with my beloved friends and
 co-workers in Cincinnati, the regret and pain
 of this disappointment. To say that i have
 looked forward to this occasion with far more
 interest than I ever contemplated a similar
 anniversary, is but weakly to express ray
 feelings. I have long desired to visit Cincin
 nati. A good report has gone forth of the
 enterprize, spirit, industry, intelligence, and
 independence of the Colored Citizens of that
 place, and I wished to see them face to face,
 to press their industrious hands, and commune
 with them on the destiny of oar enslaved and
 oppressed fellow countrymen. I expected
 to see them and to return home refreshed,
 strengthened and invigorated by my fellow
 ship with them. I his great happiness is
 denied me, for the best undoubtedly but how
 hard is it for short sighted beings like our
 selves to submit to disappointments without a
 murmur. I shall not, however, despair of
 meeting my fellow sufferers under the ban
 of oppression in Cincinnati. 1 still hope that
 the day is not far distant when I shall have
 the pleasure of meeting and confering with
 them on the great subject nearest our hearts.
 —F. D.
W e call attention to the letter of our vigi
 lant British correspondent, as containing the
 latest synopsis of the affairs of England, and
 ol Europe in general. We share deeply the
 indignation he feels for the unnatural and ex
 traordinary conduct ot the French Republic
 towards the friends of liberty in Rome. The
 position of France in this matter is but ano
 ther proof that the spirit of tyranny and op
 pression finds a place as secure in the bosom
 ot a Republic as in the heart of a despotic
 Names are nothing. The
 shouting ot “liberty, equality, and fraternity”
 l in Paris—and the slaughtering the friends of
 freedom at Rome, is like the conduct of our
 own Republic, which, fills the world with its
 boasts of liberty, while it holds, in the most
 abject bondage, oue sixth part of its entire
 population. Many of the basest acts of our
 government against freedom and justice have
 been perpet rated in the sacred name of Liberty.
 The annexation of Texas the Mexican
 war—the Florida war though each and
 all intended to strengthen and sustain sla
 very, were defended in the name of justice
 and right. If we go on at this rate much
 longer, these terms will lose their significance;
 republicanism will change places with des
 potism, and the birth of a republic, instead of
 being hailed with delight by a freedom-loving
 woild, will be greeted with groans, as the
 appearance of a monster of oppression. The
 eonduct ot France towards Rome, and that
 ol the I nited States towards its colored in
 habitants, strengthen the arm of tyrants
 throughout the woild, aod serve to make the
 very names of republic and republicanism vile
 before all the people, in classing France
 with the United we would not be un*
derstood as regarding kn guilt equal to ours.
 France has emancipated her slates; and
 though her conduct, in the instance above
 alluded to, ia at variance with this noble act
 of her Provisional Government, it places her
 in a position far more creditable to her hu
 manity and sincerity, than that occupied by
 our boasted republic.— -r. o.

 Rev. Henry Highland Gnrnet.
 This individual, we understand, is to leave
 the I’nited States for England during the
 approaching autumo. The particular object
 of bis mission to that country, is not positive
 ly known—but from the well known views
 of the party by whom he has been invited
 andbywhomhe is to be supported while
 there, it is probable, that he goes out as the
 Champion of the ‘‘Free Produce Cause.” Mr.
 Garnet is a man of talents and address. As
 a speaker he ranks deservedly amongst the
 first and most eloquent of his race, in this
 country. To an English audience, he will
 doubtless prove a most acceptable speaker,
 and will excite ranch interest whetever he
 may go. His complexion will be a help,
 rather than a hindrance to his success. He
 will find that the warm right hand of human
 brotherhood, will be extended as freely to
 him in old England, as to any other man—
 of whatever color, caste, or clime. He w ill
 look around in vain among tho crowds of
 white persons whom he may meet to observe
 a single averted eye, or the slightest mani
 festation of the bitter and malignant hatred
 with which the colored man is haunted in
 this boasted land of Liberty. He will find
 to his entire satisfaction that color is no crime
 in England. We.predict therefore that per
 sonally the visit of Mr. Garnet to England
 will be a very pleasant one.
 As to the actual good that the cause of
 the slave will receive from his labor in that
 country, doubt may be very innocently en
 tertained. On thisJ point, duty requires us
 to be plain, and while we would neither de
 tract from the talents nor the zeal of Mr
 Garnet, but freely give him the full benefit
 of our testimony to both—we deem it due to
 ourselves, as a friend of the cause of Eman
 cipation, and the elevation of the oppressed—
 as well as to fair dealing, to give the public
 on either side of the Atlantic, in the most
 explicit manner, our views of the man and
 his mission. In the first place, Mr. Garnet
 has again and again declared that he had no
 faitli in moral means for the overthrow of
 American Slavery. That his hope for suc
 cess was in the sword. He has held up moral
 suasion repeatedly, to the scorn and contempt
 of the colored peoplejn our presence, and
 made many speeches in favor of insurrection
 among the slaves, and these sentiments have
 never to our knowledge been recalled uor
 repented of. Now for such a man to appeal
 to the moral sense of England, and ask the
 moral aid of England lor the aboliton of
 slavery, is the veriest hypoersy and hollow
 ness. The man whose conviction do not
 go with his words, is not fit to plead this
 cause—and his eloquence will merely be
 sound and fury signifying nothing.
 Another reason which leads us to suspect
 no good from the visit of Mr. Garnet to
 England—is, that he goes there to espouse a
 cause, which we believe he has never advo
 cated here, either by precept or example.
 Now a man who will advocate a cause a
 broad with respect to which he is silent at
 home, does not give the best evidence of sin
 cerity, and leaves the impression that his
 motives are at least questionable. When and
 where has Mr. Garnet written or spoken a
 word in this country in favor of abstinence
 from slave produce? We have attended with
 him many Conventions where he has taken
 an active and even a leading part, but we
 never remember to have seen the first line
 from his pen, or heard the first word from his
 lips, stating him to be an advocate of the use
 of free produce. He may have become con
 verted recently, but if so, one would suppose
 that he would have made his conversion pub
 lic at home, at least as soon as he published
 it abroad. But no such profession has been
 made here, and the natural inference from

 the fact is, that this profession of faith is in
 tended for a foreign market rather than for
 home Consumption. The party who has
 invited him to England, hires him to advocate
 a givent movement; and Mr. Garnet likej a
 practical man, prepares himself for his office.
 We do not hesitate to say, that no reliance 1
 may be placed upon any statements which he 1
 may make respecting the “North Star” or
 its editor, should he condescend to notice eith
 er while in England. His feelings towards
 us so far as we have been able to learn them,
 aie those of bitter hostility. His course
 here has been that of an enemy, and we have
 no reason to believe that his course abroad j
 will be that of a friend. We now take leave 1
 of Mr. Garnet, having honestly given our i
 opinion of hirn. He is at full liberty to slan
 der and misrepresent us in England, or else
 where, as he has done most liberally in j
 various parts of the Uuited States. We pre
 fer an open enemy, to one in disguise we
 therefore without any cowardly disclaimer of i
 any kind, wish it to be understood that Mr.
 Garnet and ourselves are on any other terms
 than those of good fellowship.— t n.
Calhoun and Beaton.
 The reply of Mr. Calhoun to Col. Benton,
 of Missouri is cow before the public, and
 shows the intensity of the hatred and bitter
 ness which exist between these two slave
 holders and civil politicians. As usual, Mr.
 Calhoun affects the utmost contempt for his
 antagonist; but by the ruirmuieness of his
 rejoinder testifies to the ability and power ol
 his opponent. We rejoice to see these Sen
 atorial defenders of slavery embroiled and at
 open war. Much truth will be told on both
 sides, to the detriment, perhaps of both par
 ties. Meanwhile, attention will be directed
 to slavery—the bone of contention, and
 agitation will be increased. In any event,
 good must result to the Anti-Slavery cause
 from this fierce controversy. In Mr. Calhoun’s
 repiy to Mr. Benton, he takes the same
 ground as that occupied in his Southern
 Address, and places slave property on the
 same footing with property of other kinds.
 It is perfectly horrible to observe the pirate
 like coolness with which he reasons about
 his constitutional rights of property in the
 bodies and souls of men, and about the in
 justice and violence done to the slaveholders,
 by refusiug to treat slaves as other property.
 The iron-hearted blood socker never seems to
 tftiect (os one moment,3 upon the fraud,
wrong, and flagrant injustice, which he is,
 every hour perpetrating upon his victims—at
 the same time that he is audaciously prating
 about the rights of slaveholders. It is most
 astomshingvat a reasoner so logical, with
 perceptions so keen, should involve himself
 m contradictions so palpable, and in inconsis
 tencies so glaring as those into which Mr.
 (alhoun is constantly placing himself. A
 man tn his position, an atrocious robber of h,s
 fellow-creatures of their daily toil and of all
 their rights and liberties, should tremble at
 the very utterance of the terms —Might and
 Justice. Yet this wretch can discourse as
 eloquently on these subjects as though his
 guilty soul were not stained with the foulest
 injustice and the most terrible crimes. Some
 years since, he hid dow n the doctrine, tn his
 place in the American Senate, that the la
 borer has a nghUo the fruit of his toil against
 the universe, and that he who deprives him
 of it is a robber. By his ow n standard blind
 ing Mr. Calhoun as a robber of the worst
 kind.— r. n.
Democrats nod Free Soilers. Union.
 The late rupture in the Demoaratic camp
 seems in a fair way to be healed. Overtures
 for union are being made on all hands. We
 have already recorded notices of the uniteu
 platform of four or perhaps five of the Slates,
 The basis of union must of necessity in all
 such cas i be brought down very nearly to the
 level of the most conservative party. Th*
 Free Soil men lose much in character and in
 fiuence by such movements. It is, in every
 case, a sacrifice of principle to interest—oi
 conviction to expediency—of honest and truth
 ful independence to the expectation or hope ol
 political gain and preferment. Why should
 free Soilers wish to unite with any party, or
 any basis, were it not from some such motive 1
 Two or three are sufficient to make a party,
 if a party must be made one is sufficient tc
 stand alone, if he is only satisfied of the truth
 of his principle. This descent of tho Free
 Soil party from the platform which they
 erected at Buffalo, low and inadequate as that
 was, is additional confirmation of the utter
 inetficacy of any plan for bringing the Truth
 into successful operation, which depends upon
 the external power of a majority, and noi
 upon the irresistible influence of conviction.—
 Let the Free Soilers merge themselves intc
 the Democratic party, and they are lost for
 ever to the cause of freedom, except as (wlier
 not under government pay, or the expectatioi
 of it,) restive units opposed to an overwhelm
 ing majority.
 A consulting Convention of Barnburner:
 and Hunkers,it seems, is shortly to be held ii
 Rome in this State, to devise ways and mean:
 to bring about the desired result. Convention:
 have already been held in some of the eoun
 ties. The following resolutions were adoptei
 at one held in Onondaga co
 Resolved, That we, tho delegates repre
 senting the two sections of the Democratn
 party in the county of Onondaga, having me
 in County Convention, and consulted togcthc
 in relation to the unfortunate division now ex
 isting among the Democracy in this count:
 and State, and on such consultation, having
 ascertained that there is no substantial differ
 ence of opinion between us in relation toques
 lions of principle, nor sufficient difference o
 opinion in relation to questious of expediency
 to justify the continued separation of thost
 who desire to unite in support of common
 principles, have resolved upon the Re-union
 and Re-organization of the Democratic party
 in this country.
 Resolved, That in our estimation, Slavery,
 in its moral, social and political character and
 influence, is an evil, and that its introduction
 into the territories recently acquired by. our
 govenrment, ought not to be permitted.
 Resolved, That under the Federal Consti
 tution, all power of sovereignty over the ter
 ritories prior to their admission as States, and
 also the District of Columbia, belong to the
 people of the United States, and are to be ex
 ercised by their representatives in the Federal
 Government.
 These resolves are tame enough—inoffen
 sive enougli; yet the Hunker members of the
 Convention made many wry faces in the swal
 lowing of them. The first resolve asserts
 that the two sections of the Democratic paity
 are the same in principle; and that there is
 little difference of opinion in relation to ques
 tions of expediency. What did they divide
 about, then or have either party come up to
 the standard of the other* Look at the
 Hunker resolutions immediately before the
 last election, and these, which they now
 swallow with so much difficulty, are not u
 circumstance to them. The hope of keeping
 themselves in office, made the Hunkers pro
 fess liberality then the expectation of re
 trieving their fallen fortunes,and reaping again
 the fruits of office, leads the Free toilers to
 become parties to such an impotent conclnsion
 now. The second resolution affirms slavery
 to be an evil; [most marvellous discovery
 and that its introduction into the territories,
 ought not to be permitted. Ought not to
 be permitted An evil ought not to be per
 mitted Discovery still more marvellous’
 Did these gentlemen ever hear of an i?vil that l
 ought to be permitted* If they have, they
 surely will not fail, for the benefit of humani
 ty, to make their discovery known. The
 prevailing opinion has hitherto been that no
 evil, whicli can by any possibility be prevent
 ed, ought to be permuted. \V here and J*ow
 have the parties to this resolution been spend
 ing their days, that they have just awoke to a
 knowledge of this fact The third resolu
 tion, however, is doubtleea the one aboul
 i which difficulty was prmcipaily experienced,
 j It affirms the doctrine that all power over the
 District of Columbia, and the territories,
 previous to their admission into the Union as
 .States, belongs to the people. The assertion
 of this doctrine is dangerous ground for the
 I Hunkers. If they allow that power over
 the territories belongs to the people, they must
 also be prepared to grant that any evd which
 is likely to find a place in the territories, and
 [which the power of the people can prevent, j
 ought not to be permitted. Aud here is then
 [dilemma. It lias been a favorite mode of
 shirking the question of preventing the allow- i
 ed evil of slavery from being extended over:
 the territories, for them to say, with the Mis
 souri Senator, that it is a mere dispute aboul
 “goat’s wool”—“slavery cannot be mro
 duced into the territories'' it is a creature
 of local law”—“and as there is no law in the
 territories authorising it* existence, it caanot
 constitutionally exist,” &amp;c. This has been j
 their course of action, and by it, they
 either intentionally or ignorautly —probably!
 the former—been for years past playing into
 the hands of the slave-power, and furthering
 the extension of the sum of all villamea,”
 and it payment lot then subserviency, they
hive got an occasional crumb and a smile from
 their imperial masters, and the contempt and
 disgust &lt;.f all honest men. Previous to the
 I annexation of Texas, Slavery crea
 ture of local 1m was the erf raised by the
 Southern annexationist*, and immediately the
 Northern jackalls chimed in most industri
 ously—adding, There 15 no danger of sla
 very in Texas After the annexation of
 Texas, what happened’ I*t those who affirm
 slavery to be a creature of local law, answer.
 So with respect to New Mexico and Califor
 nia. it has been a favorite doomne with th p
 Democrats of the old school, tint the Wilmot
 Proviso is unnecessary with General Cass
 and his admirers, that 11 is “unconstitutional,”
 and the result of this policy is— wbait Why,
 simply, that slaveholders are going to Cali
 fornia with their profkhty in droves, n d
 there is now every probability of that territory
 fiudine a place ;n the I n;on as a slave State
 This result, it is not to be denied, might pos
 sibly take place, even were the Wilmot Pro
 viso to become law for slaverv knows no
 restraint —it acknowledges no law which is
 not framed to favor its perpetual and constant
 ly extending dominion but this only show s
 how necessary it is for those who trust to
 political action for the restriction of the slave
 system, to wield the power which ihey pi.a
 -i sess, weak and inefficient as it is, for the
 I accomplishment of their purpose. If, as they
 •ay, the people have all power over the tern
 tones of course it is to be expected that the
 j people, if their wire-pulling leaders will it
 so, will exercise that power for the prevention
 of the evil of slaverv. Hut wnen will they
 will this f W lien their slave-holding masters
 will it. Nut a minute sooner. I here is not
 an atom of faith to be placed in politicians.
 They work lor pay, and p&gt;ay they must
 have. If they cannot get paid lor doing de
 cent work, they will do dirty work for pay.
 Slavery holds the purse-stnngs. She deals
 out the cash. She casts a rough bone now
 1 and then to one and another Northern dog,
 just to keep them from barking at the wrung
 passenger, or from baiking at all. This has
 been, and is now the policy of Slavery, and
 by this policy she succeeds in quelling opposi
 tion, and in scattering conscientious scruples
 to the winds. There seemed to be reason to
 i hope, when the Free Soil party adopted a
 separate organization, that they would take
 their place as the advance guard of the po
 litical friends of freedom. Their re-union
 1 with the Hunkers on tins platform, or on
 i any plalform, deals a death-biow to all such
 hopes. They must be thereafter, just what
 i their party make them. They must go to
 1 make up as heretofore the sum total of Bahi
 -1 more Conventions, and lend their hands and
 1 their voices in devising cunning and w icked
 schemes for the perpetuation and extension
 1 of slavery, and the aggrandisement of slave
 holders. What a falling off is there, my
 countrymen —j. i&gt;.
 From tli«‘ Louisville Democrat.
 e give place to the following as an act
 of justice to a large denomination of Chris
 tians. We are always gratified to receive
 r a correction lronr such a reliable source as tins
 [j is
 “Messrs. Kditors i saw an admission in
 i'i your paper last week, which I think is calcu
 lated to do a majority of the ministers of the
 gospel, in this State injustice. You gavo as
 J your opinion, that most of this class of men
 I are in favor of the present movement for the
 emancipation of the slaves. In this I think
 i you were mistaken. The Baptist is th,
 most numerous denomination in Kentuckye
 having more communicants than the Method
 ists and Presbyterians united. 1 speak ad
 visediy, when I assure you that most of the
 Baptist preachers are opposed to agitating the
 I subject of Slaveiy in any way, in the ap
 proachirig convention. As an evidence of the
 I feeling of our ministry upon this subject—al
 though we number several hundred—there
 j were only two present at Frankfort at the
 Anti-Slavery Convention, according to their
 published account. As a ministry we are op
 posed to mingling in polities. But being ard
 ent friends of good order and the interests of
 our beloved State, we ate unwilling that any
 undue influence should be secured to North
 ern fanaticism, or its legitimate offspring,
 (Anti-Slaveryism in Kentucky,) by assigning
 us a wrong position.
 I also understand—and I derive my in
 formation from those acquainted with the facts
 in the piemises—that the ministry among the
 1 Reformed, v ho are also a numerous denomi
 nation, are generally opposed to the present
 wild and unreasonable movement upon the
 subject of emancipation.
 I feel, sirs, that it is due to the denomina
 tion of which I am a member, as well as
 necessary to the interest of the cause of truth,
 that your attention should be called to the a
 bove facts.
 Hoping that success »will attend every
 laudable effort which is made through the
 columns ot your valuable paper to thwart the
 schemes of the present agitators of Slave
 ry-
 I remain yours, &amp;c.,
 A BAPTIST PREACHER.”
incredible There must surely be 3omo
 mistake here. The idea of a man who pre
 tends to teach Christianity carefully clearing
 himself by such a disclaimer as the above,
 trom any share in that work which is one the
 main objects of the Christian system—uamely
 the promotion of the brotherhood of man,
 seems to be utterly irrational and impossible.
 He does this, besides, not for himself only,
 but for the entire denomination in Kentucky.
 “I assure you (says he) that most of the
 Baptist preachers are opposed to agitating the
 subject of Slavery, in any way in the ap
 proachmg Convention and in confirmation
 of this statement, he mvj that only two, out
 of several hundreds, were present at tin?
 Frankfort Convention. The Baptist denotnin,"
 anon in Kentucky aie therefore the upholders
 of Slavery. This ‘“Baptist Preacher,” is
 very desirous that they should lose none of
 the high honor attaching to their character of
 friends of the inanstealiog, woman-whipping,
 licentious slaveholder. I«t the Baptists ot
 Kentucky have that honor I It will hang
 like a mill-stone around their necks, drag
 giog them down to the lowest depths ol in
 famy and disgrace. IJo the Baptists ol the
 .■erth associate with these Kentucky breth
 ren 1 It they do, they are equally wah them
 the 1 1lends of the slaveholder, and the ene
 mies of Christianity and of man. Their claim
 to the name of Christians is unfounded. They
 are no more Christians than they arc fire wor
 shippers. IJtl them dip, or sprinkle, or what
 they will, and call themselves Baptists. The
 above letter from a Baptist Preacher, helps
 us to a knowledge of what a “Baptist'’ A
 pan of his creed is, that slavery is right, that
 tho present movement on the subject ot
 emancipation is wild aud unreasonable, and
 that the schemes of the agitators of this
 Slaveiy question should be thwarted. An
 excellent church this/or Blatter and the glori
 ous company of s)tvtftU#l*j
"
