"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor
VOL 11. NO. 82.
The NORTH STAR i* published every
 Friday, at &gt;’o. 3.’i, Buffalo Street,
 (Oppemt* the Arrant.
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, alirayt t* adivtnt*. No
 i!&gt;*rript«on will l»e received l&lt;*r a l«**» term llian
 «i* month*.
 not
 11roe tune* fir one dollar over&gt; •ulwerjoent
 tton, twenty-five cent*.
Th e object of the North Star will he to attack
 St.AVERT in all it* form* and a«|&gt;ect*; adrocate
 j «,vkkui. AsciP atiot; exalt tlie *tandard
 of l’CRLic Morai.itt; promote the moral and in*j
 -i.e to.vl improvement of il** Colored People;
 and ;iv*ten ti&gt;« day of FREEDOM to tire Three
 Millio** of our L&gt;*laved Fellow Coon-,
 TkV'tft.
 PUBLISHER’S NOT IC ES.
 r»y. All communication* relating to the lufinest'
 of the pnjier, name* of »uitn ilicr*, remit-1
 itie., should be addressed to John Dick,
 1 üblislter.
 Ajents, and all other* sending names, are
 r to lie accurate, and give the Post (tflice,
 ounty, and the State. F-acVt Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 drj* Any person sending in the payment fur four
 eubscialters, to lie forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letters and communication* must lie post
 «td.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R. F. Walcutt,2l,Coruhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford Horatio W.
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 diaries H. Seth, Springfield; David Buggies,
 Northampton; H. Car|»entcr, Upton.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 risilinrg.
 Connecticut. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New Hampshire. —Wcaro Tappan, Bradford.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street; Jamc&lt; McCutie Smith, 93, XV est Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westburv, Queen Countv; Mary H.ir
 pi r, Albany Elias Doty, Maredon; Willetts Keese,
 Peru, Clinton County William S. Baltimore, Trov;
 J F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Atnarnney Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. M’Kim,3l, North iflh
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Gobies, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Wm. lupjier,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norus
 town, Montgomery County, Milo A. lownsend,
 New Brighton.
 0n,,,. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; "at
 -on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vevsburgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 SliciiiuAN.—Roliert Banks, Detroit,
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, XX ayne Co
Selections.
 Correspondence of the Boston Allas.
 A VISIT TO MOUNT VERNON.
Washington, July ’J, 1 849.
 Yesterday, in company with several
 friends, I made a pilgrimage to Mount
 V'ernon. So much has been written by
 others respecting that venerated spot,
 that the subject has become in a good
 degree hackneyed. And yet there is
 so much ot national and historical in
 terest associated with it, that our peo
 ple love to read about it, and therelore
 it is that I have concluded to give the
 readers of the Atlas my impressions in
 relation to it.
 Leaving Washington at ten o clock,
 in the steamer, we reached the old
 town of Alexandria, six miles distant,
 in about an hour. The sail down the
 Potomac was exceedingly pleasant.
 Nature appearad dressed in her most
 gorgeous drapery. The banks of the
 river arc adorned with pleasant tesi
 dences and cultivated iields though
 these bear a small proportion to tho
 vast extent of wood and forest, which
 stretch as far as the eye can reach, in
 almost unbroken grandeur, on both
 shores. At Alexandria, we engaged a
 hack to leave us at Mount V onion. Al
 exandria is a town worthy ot a more
 thorough investigation than we were
 able to°give it. It is as unlike one of
 our thriving New England villages as
 it could well be. The bouses are most
 ly of brick, and have an ancient, dull,
 conservative appearance. 1 lie streets,
 which are paved, appear as if car
 riages and trucks were not permitted
 to pollute their surface. The grass is
 literally growing in the most public
 thoroughfares. The town appears to be
 in the sere and yellow leat, as having
 been finished a* quarter of a century
 ago, and, like a picture by one of the
 great masters, it only requires age to
 mellow and’soften the rough points, to
 complete the impression of decay.
 Here and there you meet with houses
 which command your attention trom
 their venerable centennial look, and
 which bring forcibly to your mind the
 days of auld lang syne, when men
 wore short clothes and powdered hair.
 In my travels in the Old World, placet
 and scenes like those in Alexandria
 have fallen athwart my path, but nevei
 have they before in the New World o
 America. The effects of them upon
 n y mind were similar to those which 1
 have felt in entering the sacred pre
 empts of a ruined monastery or feuda
 castle. Few people were seen in th&lt;
 streets —the silence of the place pene
 trated even to the hotel, and one It-li
 unwilling to speak aloud, lest lu
 should disturb the quiet general repost
 which every where prevailed.
 The hack at length drove to the dooi
 of the hotel, and wc took our seat!
 therein. The driver was a venerabk
 Ethiop, who bore the appellation o
 ‘Uncle Colover.' He belonged to the
 gentleman who owned the horses anc
 hack. He was nearly sixty years o!
 age, and is well known to gentlemer
 who visit the tomb of Washington
 Wc were told tiiat the roads to Mounl
 V'ernon weie very good now, ns the
 long spell of dry weather had hardened
 the surface and dried up the streams
 Trie distance from Alexandria to Mounl
 Vernon is short ot ten miles, and H lt
 time occupied in making the journey
 thereto was two hours. After gettinj
 Fid of the rough pavement ’of the town
 our road lay through a thickly woodet
 country. At times, when wc reuchet
 a boHi point in the road, broad and ex
 tensive valleys of great pictaresqu.
 beauty presented themselves, with hen
 and there a wheat or corn field break
 i*| lira monotony of the woody soli
THE NORTH STAR.
tude. And on n gentle declivity, almost
 1 embowered within the rich folaige ol
 ratal pas and shrubbery, were to be
 seen the white w alls of the home of the
 proprietor. Tho land, as a general
 j thing, appeared to he worn out and ex
 hausted, and such 1 believe is the fact
 in this part of Old V irginia. In the
 days of Washington, great attention
 was paid to the cultivation of the tobac
 co plant but tobacco is a crop which
 requires great skill in the cultivation,
 in order that the land may not become
 I exhausted and worthless. Land can
 now be purchased any where in this
 region for five dollars an acre. The
 i land has been so long tilled by dull un
 intelligent slave labor, that it is hard
 ly of any valuo, and nine-tenths of it
 is overgrown with wood and brush.
 The roads are truly awful, and a Yan
 i kee driver would be astonished to
 i witness the skill with which ‘U ncle
 Colover’ put his team over them with
 out upsetting the carriage.
 About four miles from Mount Ver
 non, our road lay across a fine level
 plain, a mile at least in extent, on
 I which were growing some of the finest
 1 oaks I have ever seen. At a compara
 tively small expense, the underbrush
 and smaller trees might be cleared out,
 and a park made which would compare
 I favorably with ths most celebrated in
 (England; but the same poverty, ne
 -1 gleet and premature decay marked this
 quiet landscape, which was visible
 everywhere.
 Crossing this plain, we came to a
 small brook where tho driver stopped
 Ins horses to give them water. The
 brook forms the dividing line of the
 present Washington estate, though in
 I the days of the great Washington, the
 estate extended beyond and included
 the oak plain which I have just referred
 to. The brook, at the point at which
 j we crossed, is three miles from the old
 homestead, which, as ‘Uncle Colover’
 said, included the worst part of the
 road. After a ride of two miles, we
 entered what even now, in its waste
 and decay, bears the unmistakable
 I marks of having been a well wooded
 and well taken care of park. We
 passed between the ruins of what had
 j in other days been the Porter’s Lodge.
 The walls remained, but the gnte was
 gone, and the fences which had en
 closed the beautiful grounds were no
 where visible.
 After w r e got inside, the roads be
 came worse than ever, and we had to
 get out of the carriage and walk in
 order to relieve the poor horses, whose
 i whole strength .was taxed to draw the
 empty carriage up the steep and broken
 acclivities. At length we approached
 human habitations, about a third of a
 mile from the venerable mansion. They
 were the dwellings of the plantation
 hands. They were decayed, and part
 -1 ly in ryins. The fences were out of
 repair,—the old brick wall and con
 servatory of Washington’s garden
 was likewise broken and out of joint.
 The gates were off’ the hinges, and
 nettles, and noxious u'ecds, and parasi
 tical plants clung to them, as if to hide
 their deformed nakedness. The only
 living thing about this cluster of dwel
 lings were a few geese and goslings,
 who amused themselves by wading
 through a small stagnant pool, near by.
 It being Sabbath, the inmates had gone
 to Alexandria to meeting.
 We passed on about a hundred
 I yards, (having left the carriage,) down
 a lane which soon brought us in front
 of the home of Washington. A few
 outhouses, occupied by negroes, were
 on cither side, a short distance from
 j the mansion. While standing on the
 greensward before the mansion, or
 seated within the shadow of the old
 trees which grew thereby, I was forci
 bly reminded of Scott’s beautiful des
 j cription of Tully Veolan, upon the
 return of Waverly to that sweet spot,
 after the wars were over, and the
 king's troops had broken the fountains,
 cut down the old oak 9, and endeavored
 to set lire to the dwelling.
 Every thing appeared as if it was
 going to ruin. Decay appeared im
 pressed every where and on every
 tiling. Passing across the lawn, we
 passed by the stables and down a cart
 road which led to the river. Diverg
 ing to the right into a small valley
 1 which was filled with brakes and briars,
 we scrambled down the sides, and in a
 t few minutes we stood before the tomb
 of Washington. It is built in the side of
 f the hill. In looking through the barred
 gate, two marble sarcophagi are seen,
 in one of which repose the remains of
 George Washington, and in the other
 those of Martha, his wife.
 i. 1 cannot describe the feelings which
 impressed me, when standing thus in
 t front of the earthly remains of one
 who, take him all in all, was the best
 and the greatest man that ever lived—
 j one whose name is venerated through
 out the world by every lover of liberty
 i and order.
 Even the tomb of this great man
 fj bore the same evidence of neglect that
 impressed every thing around it. The
 I bricks which supported the marble
 f were crumbling, and the mortar which
 i held them together had fallen from be
 tween, and left them Lose. Every
 thing was wild, and rude, and neglec
 ted, and I turned away with a inelan-
 II choly frame of mind, and sat for hall
 an hour by the shore of the Palomac,
 listening to the ripple of the waters
 upon the beach, and the sighing of the
 winds amid the forests that lined its
 5 banks.
 No stranger is permitted to visit the
 1 house on the Sabbath, and even during
 i the week daya only a part of the houst
 is open to the public. The estate I
 c believe now comprises some sixteet
 p hundred acres. The part that is culli
 vated is probably lass than a hundrcc
 acres, i'hcre are enty Mmc twenty
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
 f-
five colored persons on the estate,
 most of whom are stares from one
 of w hom, a female, wc purchased some
 hoe cake and milk, and from her hus
 band we purchased each a hickory walk
 ing stick which were cut on the estate.
 I know of few places upon which a per
 son of wealth and taste could better
 make an expenditure. The location of
 the mansion is singularly fine, and the
 great number of large oaks and other
 trees around it, many of which were
 planted by General Washington, give
 to it a rural beauty and charm which
 can bo felt, but not fully described.
 Many of the walks arc still distinctly
 visible, though covered in a good de
 gree with a coating of verdure.
 The present proprietor, Mr. Wash
 ington, is quite a young man, and we
 have heard that he is vr»!' -.g to sell the t
 old mansion with several hundred
 acres of the land to the National Gov
 ernment. He, of course, will not sell
 it to strangers. We do not believe
 that any person ever visited this hal
 lowed spot, without going away with
 the conviction that the purchase of it
 should be made by Congress. Let
 the nation own it, and fit it up in a
 manner worthy of the Republic and of
 the illustrious dead, whose name is our
 richest inheritance, and whose life was
 one uninterrupted flow of the highest
 and purest actions that ever marked
 the family of man. It is disreputable
 that it should longer remain in its
 present state. If we had Mount Ver
 non in Old Massachusetts, if Washing
 ton had been her son, and his body
 was lain within her mould, how the spot
 would be treasured in our hearts, and
 beautified by our hands! The people
 of our Commonwealth would count it
 as their richest treasure, and our maid
 ens would keep the tomb dressed with
 flowers in perennial freshness.
THE TREE DEMOCRACY.
 The Cleveland True Democrat of last week
 has some remarks in excellent spirit on the
 course which ought to be adopted by the Free
 Democracy. The F.ditor is opposed to union
 with either party, “until the people teach the
 leaders of one or both, that servility to the
 South is infamy, and a slavish obedience
 to party or power the basest and blackest of
 all political sins.” Unusual language this for
 the editor of a party paper, and commendable
 as it is rare. In another article in reply to
 some strictures by one of his neighbors, he
 continues the subject thus
 Wo despisq, special pleading. It
 seems and sounds like a very mockery
 to talk of forms, and dwell upon dog
 mas, when a living principle is at stake.
 It is so. And the man, or party, that
 does it, will deaden spirit, and dwarf
 intellect, and destroy whatever vital
 energy they possesss. The Herald, of
 last evening, is full of this special
 pleading, and nothing else, while re
 plying to us.
 Our objection to its course, does not
 lie in its declaration, that the gentle
 men named by it were Democrats, nor
 any thing of the sort. We care not
 what they were. If right now —if
 forced by public opinion to take a right
 position now’ —there is not, there cannot
 be, in the nature ofthings, one earnest
 man who will not rejoice in the change.
 In religion—do we cavil at the past life
 of the repentant man? We hail him
 with joy; cheer him on; stand by him.
 In morals—do we abandon the outcast?
 We clutch him as a brother, and cling
 to him while there is hope. Andwhv?
 Because we know that this is the only
 true way to reach and reform him. So
 in politics. If a slavish spirit, on any
 side, is awakened to a sense of right,
 by feeling its own or other’s degrada
 tion, we must, if true to principle, or
 the feeling it awakens, hail this evi
 dence of change with joy, and lift it up
 and on, by our generous aid, or hearty
 sympathy. This is a law of Heaven,
 and, as a test, tell us and others,
 whether w’e are right or wrong —whe-
 I ther we are making a sham, or a real
 defence, in any good cause,
 i Slavery lives or dies by public opin
 ion.—Breath makes, and breath will
 destroy it. We may pile up law upon
 i law; we may fence it round with statute
 upon statute; but if the voice of an
 united People, roused by a quickened
 moral sense, and a lofty patriotism,
 shall but touch it, it falls. What but
 this conviction, makes nearly the whole
 South cry out, for non-intervention
 What but a knowledge of this fact,
 causes the ultra to threaten civil war
 and disunion The party or people,
 the man or set of men, then, that
 checks or seeks to check, any expres
 j sion against slavery—that weakens or
 helps to weaken, this voice, and its
 i utterance, is a foe to freedom, and a
 defender of human servitude, no mat
 ter what professions he may make, or
 what principles he may proiess.
 Examine this position patiently and
 fairlv and by living examples.
 When the Buffalo Convention was
 called, pro-slavery was in the ascen
 dant. It ruled triumphantly at Wash
 ington. The leaders there were ultra,
 domineering, exacting in every way,,
 and insulting in every respect.—The
 result of the appeal to the North was
 doubtful. If was sneered at in Wash
 ington, and denounced in the Free
 I States.' But the day came; and with
 j,t such a gathering, and such a spirit,
 ns had never been witnessed in our
 land since the Revolution; and the fact
 sped on the electric wires, and wa&gt;
 borne in letters, and by the press, ali
 over the country, and to its National
 centre. What followed? The Slave-
 Power was defeated, downcast, depen
 dent; the friends of freedom, of all
 parties, were alive with zeal, full ol
 courage, bold, successful,
 j Well, remembering this result, and
 i the cauiea which produced it, ft lew
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, AUGUST 3, 1849.
friends of Freedom resolved to cele
 brate the anniversary of the Ordinance
 of 1787; and in doing it, not to evoke
 party action, or use it for party ends,
 but to see if they could not rally the
 People, and let the country know—let
 the South feel—that they would never
 submit to any extension of slavery in
 new States, or free territories, or to a
 continuance of the curse in the District
 of Columbia, or yet more, to any
 Governmental influence or action,
 which was not wholly on the side of
 freedom. We met on the day appoint
 ed, with this motive, and for this end.
 And how are w e greeted by the Herald
 How treated after we had met? By j
 sneers; by attempts to sow' jealousy!
 among our friends; by declarations that
 the Convention was a great failure; by
 telling the country, and the South, es-,
 pecially, in effect, that the might of the
 moral power which gathered in the j
 hearts of Freemen at Buffalo, had died
 out, or dwindled away to a Corporal’s
 Guard!
 Our neighbor may talk about “bil-
 lingsgate” and “canting,” and all that;
 but it will not answer. He strikes a
 blow against freedom, he works for the
 South, for slavery, whatever he may
 design, whenever he labors, in any|
 way, to lessen the weight of the pub
 lic voice, come from what party it may,
 uttering itself in behalf of Liberty and
 Humanity. It was this conviction
 which roused our indignation. It was
 this startling belief, and not any nar
 row special pleading, or low partizan
 zeal, or what the Herald styles, “these
 truths,” which impelled us to use to
 wards it, the strong language we did.
From tlie Liberator.
 REFORMED PRESBYTERIAN SYN
 OD OF TIIE U. STATES.
 The Synod of the Reformed Pres
 byterian Church met in Philadelphia,
 May 22d. The following were its pro
 ceedings on the subject of slavery.
 They stand in honorable contrast with
 those of the Old and New School Gen
 eral Associations of the Presbyterian
 Church, and their religious bodies. It
 will be seen tiiat this Synod makes
 clean work of it. Both in Church and
 State practically carrying out the
 motto of the American Anti-Slavery
 Society—‘No Union w'ith Slaveholders,
 either religiously or politically.’
 The Special Committee on memori
 als on the subject of slavery reported.
 Report accepted and adopted, and is as
 follows;
 Thu Committee to whom were refer
 red certain memorials on the subject of
 slavery respectfully report.
 The petitioners, lamenting the pre
 valent ignorance of our testimony
 against this great evil, and the coun
 tenance given to it by most Christian
 denominations in the United States,
 respectfully ask Synod, Ist. To re
 assert their position in regard to the
 exclusion of slaveholders from|her fel
 lowship, and her dissent from the United
 States Constitution, on this, with other
 grounds. 2d. They ask that, if prac
 ticable, some more eflicent means may
 be adopted for the diffusion of our
 doctrines and testimony on this subject,
 particularly that a remonstrance may
 be addressed to the principal slavehold
 ing churches.
 In regard to the first of these peti
 tions, we remark, that the declarations
 contained in the historical part of our
 testimony, published, of course, by the
 Presbytery itself, furnished ample testi
 mony of the position occupied on
 Slavery by this church. We refer to
 the following statement—‘The Presby
 tery resolved to purge the church of
 this dreadful evil; they enacted that no
 slaveholders should be retained in
 their communion.’ ‘The Presbytery
 required of their connexions a general,
 emancipation.’ ‘No slaveholder is
 since admitted to their communion.’
 See Hist, Test. pp. 154, 155, Ed. 1835.
 Now, while it is true, as stated in one
 of the memorials, that we have not in
 our hands the original acts excluding
 all slaveholders, we have the Presby
 tery itself as evidence that this was
 the purport and design of their actions.
 This with the uniform practice of the
 church, for in the language, of the tes
 timony, ‘No slaveholder is since (1800,
 admitted to their communion’ —in the:
 judgment of your committee as com
 pletely defines the position of this
 church in regard to ecclesiastical fel
 lowship with slaveholders, as it is pos
 sible to do. A sight of the original
 acts might gratify curiosity, but could,
 not shed any additional light upon that
 which is already as clear as noon-day. J
 No slaveholder can have privileges in
 the Reformed Presbyterian Church, j
 We sav the same of our position as a
 church in relation to the civil institu-j
 tions of the country. Historical j
 Testimony, pp. 25*2, 153» 104, and
 frequent incidental actings since, are j
 sufficiently explicit on this point. Cov
 enanters have not sworn, and do not;
 swear oaths to the institutions ot the
 country, among other reasons, because
 the Constitution ot the United States
 contains compromises with slavehold
 ing interests, and guaranties lor the
 institution itself, protection so ,ong as it
 exists in the slaveholding states. W e
 have no further action to recommend
 on either of these points.
 2d. In regard to a remonstrance to'
 be*addressed to slaveholding churches, i
 we agree with the petitioners that it is
 important that this church take some
 i measures to bring her testimony more
 directly before the churches, and would
 recommend that a Committee of three
 .be appointed to prepare a remon
 strance of the kind contemplated em
 bodying the views and position of this
 church on the whole question, said
 committee to publish the remonstrance
 on their own responsibility, t 0
 arguments and expressions *htcb tot/
may see fit to employ; and that they
 be authorized to draw upon the Liberty
 fund for any sum not exceeding ten
 dollars, to defray the expenses of pub
 lication. All which is respectfully sub
 mitted.
 James M. Wilson,
 Chairman.
THE GLORIOUS FOURTH.
 But whether or not the fathers are
 entitled to so much credit, one thing is
 certain. It is certain, that they were
 resolved to submit to no infringement
 of tneir freedom.-another thing is
 equally certain; and that is, that their
 sons are not so resolved. And the
 two facts show how unworthy are the
 latter to celebrate the excellence of the
 former. The fathers, rather than en
 dure the imposition of an unjust tax on
 their tea, rose in bloody rebellion a- t
 gainst the Government that attempted
 to impose it. But there is hardly a
 right which the three million of our
 revolutionary fathers valued, that a
 larger number of the degenerate sons
 have not permitted to be struck down in
 their own persons; not, it is true, by a
 King, Lords, and Commous, —there
 were a comparative dignity in suffering
 wrong 9 at such hands, but by a con-!
 temptible oligarchy of some 250,000
 slaveholders- The fathers were men;;
 at least, they behaved like such when
 their own rights were invaded. Their
 children are slaves, “ay, slaves of.
 slaves.” All the oppressions ever'
 heaped on the former by George the
 Third and his Parliament were but a
 sand-grain to the desert, or a drop in
 the ocean, in comparison of those to
 which the latter have submited, and do
 still submit. And no villains of the
 old feudal times, no collared spaniels,
 even, ever submited more unresistingly
 to their masters, than the sons of our
 revolutionary fathers now submit to
 theirs. Twenty columns of the Pio
 neer would not suffice to exhibit the
 villainies to which we unresistingly
 submit. Our letters and papers, instead
 of being allowed to be circulated in
 the public mails, supported chiefly by
 ourselves, are taken from them and
 burned. Our sailors, guiltless of crime,
 are cast into prisons, and often sold
 into slavery. If we send our wise men
 to enquire into the lawfulness of such
 violations of all law, those wise men
 are threatened with coats of tar and
 feathers, and think themselves happy in
 getting back to us with unbroken scon
 ces. Our citizens are sometimes kid
 napped from their hearth stones. If
 one of us, having a skin somewhat dar
 ker than the President’s, wishes to vis
 it a foreign country, and applies to the
 State Department of the Government
 of honest Old Zach, for “a passport
 or protection,” he is told by Mr. Secre
 tary Clayton, that passports are not
 granted by this department to persons
 of color; and that protections are only
 given to them when they are in the
 service of Diplomatic Agents, &amp;c. t of
 the United States, going abroad.” We
 are denied the right of locomotion. Re
 wards are offered for the heads of some
 of us, for daring to affirm, that the sell
 evident truths oftheDeclaration which
 Americans plume themselves so much
 upon ought to be practically regarded
 thronghout the land. In addition to all
 this, our pockets are plundered of hun
 dreds of millions of our hard earnings.
 And these indignities, these outrages,
 this enormous plunder, why are we
 subjected to them? Solely to bolster
 up and perpetuate the negro slavery of
 these 250,000 Southern oligarchists.
 That is the use made of us. And we
 seem to be hardly conscious, that we
 are fit, or were ever intenled, for any
 other. Indeed it is doubtful if we are
 fit for aught else, whatever God may
 have intended us for.
 The white slaves of tho old feudal
 barons might have found some apology
 for their cringing servility, in the fact,
 that they were conquered by their op
 pressors. We have not the benefit of
 even that poor apology. —W e never
 put our oppressors to the trouble of
 conquering us. They had but to pre
 sent the yoke, and we eagerly put our
 necks into it; humbly beseeching our
 masters to plunder and oppress us, to
 any extent ihey might deern necessary
 to the support and perpetually of their
 Negro slavery. And yet, in execrable
 mockery of that was ever before meant
 by the name of Freedom, and as if re
 solved to raise a laugh through all the
 despotisms of the old world, we get to
 gather, on every return of our
 Glorious Fourth,” and burn vast
 quantities of gunpowder, split the
 welkin with hosannas to Liberty, and
 swear, before high Heaven, that oars
 is “the laud of the free and the home
 of the brave,” that, of all the nations
 on this green globe of God’s, we are the
 freest. Lynn Pioneer.
Col. Benton. —This gentleman,
 who has been nominated
 cratic papers and meetings in all the
 Northern States for the Presidency,
 since his famous Jefferson City speech.
 is greatly distracting the “Democratic”
 party by his numerous repetitions of
 that celebrated expose of the intentions
 of Mr. Calhoun and his friends. We
 take from the St. Louis Union the fol
 lowing summary ot the remarks which
 Col. Beoton, made recently at New
 Hartford, Howard Co., near the resi
 dence of Claiborne F. Jackson, who in
 troduced the slavery extension resolu
 tions into the Missouri Legislature and
 made himself ao conspicuous in pro
 curing their passage, and is also an as
 pirant for the Seoatorabip to succeed
 Col. Benton.
 “He noticed the circumstance that
 the two extreme portions if both the
 contending parties on the Slavery
 questjoo, the moat violent of the
 AboUtioniftf and of the Southern Agi-
tators agree in one point, in both ur
 ging a dissolution of the Union—the
 overthrow of the C institution. Mr.
 Benton said that for his part he was
 equally opposed to Northern and South
 ern fanaticism —equally opposed to dis
 union, whether it came from Nullifiers
 or Abolitionists: but justice requires,
 him to say that in this design upon the
 Union,the Abolitionists were the least
 dangerous, for the reason that 'there
 was among them not a single State a
 dopting disunion resolutions, whereas
 the Nullifers had four, to wit: South;
 Carolina, Virginia, Florida, Missouri.
 He the discussion ot
 the question or questions of Slavery in
 Congress, and imputed blame to both
 the factions for bringing it there. It was
 the bane of ali legislation, and leading i
 to disgraceful scenes on the floor of
 Congress. It was brought into every j
 measure, mixed with every debate, and'
 prevented the passing of the most nec
 esary laws. It was like the frogs of,
 Egypt, which were found in the knead-j
 ing troughs on the table, and in the
 bridal beds, poisoning all the enjoyments
 of life.
 Mr B. spoke also of the Pacific
 Railway—of the advantage it would be
 to Missouri.
 “He made a very close compari
 son of the legislature resolutions with
 those of Mr. Calhoun, showing their
 great similarity, and demonstrating
 that Mr. Jackson was not, as he had
 supposed himself, the author of the res
 olutions! Also, he showed that these
 were nullification resolutions. His il
 lustrations of these points were new and
 convincing.”
FATHER MATHEW AT HOME,
 The following short account of a visit to
 the residence of the Apostle of Temperance
 is part of a letter by the Editor, to the Liber
 ator. The letter is dated, Cork, Oct. 28,1815.
 “On the 21st inst. Father Mathew
 the living savior of Ireland from the 1
 curse of intemperance gave a splendid
 soiree, as a token of his sympathy andj
 regard for friend Buffum and myself.
 It was decidedly the brightest and hap
 piest company I think I ever saw any
 where.
 “Ne.tt morning Father Mathew in
 vited us to breakfast with him at his
 own house—an honor quite unexpec
 ted, and one for which I felt myself
 unprepared. I however accepted his
 kind invitation and went. I found him
 living in a very humble dwelling, and
 in an obscure street. As I approaehetl
 he came out of his house and met me
 about thirty yards from his door, and
 with uplifted hands in a manner altoge
 ther peculiar to himself and with a face
 beaming with benevolent expression
 he exclaimed, ‘Welcome! welcome!
 my dear sir, to my humble abode;’ at
 the same time taking me cordially by j
 the hand, he conducted me through a
 rough, uncarpeted passage to a green
 door leading to an uncarpeted stair
 way, on ascending one flight of which
 I found myself abruptly ushered into
 what appeared to be both drawing and
 dining room. There was no carpet
 on the floor, and very little furniture
 of any kind in tho room; an old-fash
 ioned side-board, a few chairs, three
 or four pictures hung carelessly round
 the room. The breakfast tabic was
 set when I went in. A large urn stood
 in the middle, surrounded by cups,
 saucers, plates, knives, and forks,
 spoons, ice. &amp;cc. t all of a very plain or
 der—rather too plain I thought for so
 great a man. His greatness however
 was not dependent on outward show,
 nor was it obscured from me by his
 plainness. It showed that he could be
 great without the ordinary attractions
 with which men of his rank and means
 are generally anxious to surround
 themselves. Upon entering the room
 Father Mathew introduced me to Mr.
 William O’Connor, an invited guest, a
 gentleman of property and standing,!
 and though not a teetotaler, yet an
 ardent admirer of Father M. The
 presence of this gentleman at breakfast j
 table afforded me an excellent oppor
 tunity of witnessing Father M s faith
 fulness. I found him entirely uncom
 promising. Mr. O’Connor complained
 a little ot‘ his severity towards the dis
 tillers of Cork, who had large amounts
 invested in distilleries, and who could
 not be expected to give their business
 up to their ruin. To which Father M.
 replied, that such men had no right to
 prosper by the ruin of others.”
Henry A. Wise has renounced
 politics, and refused to enter into the
 crusade against Thomas H. Benton
 Hangman Foote, of Mississippi, ad
 dressed him in a long letter, re
 cently, reviewing Senator Benton’s
 great Free Soil speech and charging
 that eminent man with treachery to the
 South. Mr. Wise was not quite fool
 ish enough to respond favorably to this
 pro-slavery epistle.
 Tn reference to Mr. Wise reminds
 us of an anecdote. In the w inter of
 1830-7 when Congress was agitated by,
 anti-slavery petitions, and the blood ol
 the South was at fever heat, Mr. Wise
 boarded at ihe same hotei with a North
 ern man, before whom he was constant
 ly uttering the severest denunciaton of
 the whole North, and the Abolitionists,
 in particular The Northerner one day
 asked, “Wise, what is the matier with
 you Southern chaps, that you arc so
 sensitive to the denunciation of abolition
 ists. True they call you robbers and men
 ktealers, but what of that? If a set of
 fanatics down South were to organize
 Societies to deprive us of our cattle,and
 denounce us as a set of sheep stealer*;
 and wooden nutmeg pedlers, we should
 only laugh at their folly. Why don’t
 you treat the Abolitionist in the same
 I way?’ “I tell you,”*a*d the V.r»iu**o
 archly, “there te a great difference m
John dick, p*«.»*«■•
WHOLE NO. 84.
the two cases. The fact is, between
 you and I, that what the Abolitionists
 say about us is too d d true!”
 Perhaps a graver conviction of the
 truth thus unwittingly confessed bat
 saved Mr. Wise from the folly of com
 ing out at this day as a pro-slavery
 champion.— Buglt..
Human Sacrifices Many of our rea
 ders will no doubt be surprised to learn
 that the horrible custom of offering hu*
 man sacrifices still prevails in some
 portions of India. An American mis
 sionary, Mr. Winslow, bas recently de
 scribed the practice as it is observed in
 the district of Hoamsor, among the peo
 ple called Khonds, where it is said three
 or four hundred victims are annually
 torn to pieces as offerings to the earth
 goddess. The victims are procured by
 fraud or kidnapping among the poorer
 classes ofHindoes in the low country,
 and must be bought for a price by the
 offerer. At the time of offering, every
 form of gross and abominable excess
 is practiced for three days. The vic
 tim is taken to a consecrated grove and
 fastened to a stake,annointed, crowned,
 and almost adored, and then taken to
 the presented placo. As it is required
 that the victim should neither be bound
 nor resist, his legs and arms are bro
 ken; he is then’struck by the priest wtth
 an axe, when the whole multitude rush
 upon him, and exclaiming, “We*bought
 you with a price, and no sin resfa on
 us,” they tear his flesh in piece* from
 his bones! and thus the horrid rite is
 consumated. Each man then bears a*
 way his bloody shreds to his field*, and
 from thence returns directly to his
 house. The Friends of India, Jin2£&gt;th,
 1841), says the government is using new
 efforts to suppress this horrid system.
Progress of Free Principles.—
 The Presbyterian Herald, of Louisville,
 referring to the laws of Southern State*
 against teaching slaves to read, say*
 ‘Whatever views may be entertained
 upon other points, wc think all good
 men will agree, that the Christian citi
 zens of those States ought never to rost
 satisfied until they have done all in their
 power to eradicate such laws from their
 statute books. They are a standing
 monument of disgrace to the States
 that have enacted them, and ought to
 have no binding force upon the con
 science of the Christain muster.’
Bathing. During my residence in
 Ohio,” says a correspondent of the
 Agriculturist, “I knew the wife of
 farmer who, with his boys, worked hi*
 little farm, and lived comfortably by
 dint of the most persevering and pati
 ent industry. This woman had been
 born and educated in one of the Atlan
 tic States; and she considered the daily
 hath of so much importance to health
 and comfort, that in all her difficulties
 it was rarely omitted. Her log house
 was small and inconvenient, consisting
 only of two rooms and a wood-shed
 below, and three small chambers
 above. The kitchen, as in most farm
 houses. was the largest room, and, in
 one corner of this, she had placed for
 the winter, a hogshead, cut down and
 screened from sight, when m use, by
 bed cover hung from the joist* above.
 In the summer, it was in the wood
 shed; and in this primitive kind of
 bath, she dipped, first the children and
 then herself, every morning, while the
 men were feeding the stock, and the
 kettle on the fire preparing for break
 fast; and, certainly, a more healthful,
 merry set of children never rewarded
 a mother’s care.”
Elwood Fisher.— TheJ Cincinnati
 Atlas runs pro-slavery
 argument into the ground as follows:
 “In fact, this whole idea of proving
 one-half the community to be richer
 when they own the other hall, than a
 community where the people own
 themselves, is the most superb piece
 of absurdity—the most naked piece of
 nonseuse we ever happened to meet
 with. Progress in Society, and at last
 Perfection, according to Fisher, may
 be represented in a tabular view
 thus:
 Condition. Freemen. Slavet.
 Bad State of Soc. 10,000 0,000
 Improved Society, 5,000 5,000
 Good Society, ‘2,000 8,000
 A Perfect Society, 1 0,099
 This rnav be regarded as the grad
 uated scale of Progress in Human
 Communities, according to the pro
 found philosophy of the Calhoun
 j School. Bad Society, according to
 their scale, as represented in the above
 table, may be considered for example,
 as existing in Ohio; Improved Society
 in Virginia; Good Society in South
 Carolina; but perfection we have, of
 course, not arrived at!”
Chinef.sk Justice. —The Chineese
 Mail, published at Hong Kong, says:-
 “The grand son of one of the large de
 faulters to the government, has been
 sent to prison to expiate guilt of hie
 grandsire, who has been dead many
 years.”
Petrie actio.vs. The leg of a child
 has been found in a state of petrifaction
 near Cincinnati, Ohio, on the lands of
 Mr. S, Hazen. Kach muscle was
 distincly observible, and the t
 nails were perfect.
The Stimclv*. cel.br.led
 Jeremy Bentbam, of
 made the following remark, if
 which no men of ‘he lease
 and reflection w.ll doubt for
 ••Only bv makiog the rul \j
 easy, can the oppreaaed rof
 particle of relief.” I
 The Northern papers
 bullying spirit of the Soul
 yield to it, and that n all I
 of ihem.— Jbwnll Amtrti
"
