"i,i, but failed in reaching him. The boatman
 ,oon got into the boat. Bell, however, notto
 be done, ran after us. swearing vengeance or
 die in the attempt He continued to do no for
 upward# of three miles. The expression of
 hi# countenance at this time, was truly horri
 ble. It was haggard looking, and the blood
 streaming down from a deep cut which
 he ffad received on the temples. The boat
 man at this time was swearing that if he at
 tempted to do anything, he would leap out
 again and kill lorn right out. Now 1 am sorry
 10 think that this sad affair, instead of liemg
 viewed with pity by the great majority of the
 passengers, was entertained with ardent de
 light, and not one word of sympathy was
 spoken for the injured and misguided negro
 In fact, there was a strong desire expressed
 by tome Southerners on board,that this melo
 dramatic affair should be at once finished off
 by murdering the poor infatuated man, who
 at this time was crowing by-roads and cross
 ways to be at us In process of tune this was
 accomplished. He reached us very exhausted
 and broken dow n looking, at the next lock.—
 The impression now was that a tragedy was
 about to be realized but no. Poor Bell was
 done; and he could do nothing but rage—
 swearing that if the lead would spare him,
 he would have justice on the captain. The
 captain told him that if he did not get off im
 mediately. he would commit him to jail.—
 Hell, without hearing this, rushed off again,
 as before, to find a magistrate, as we thought,,
 at the next town, which was about five miles
 distant. As we held on our way, we saw
 poor Bell running on the highway. At last
 we suddenly missed him. He had given up
 the strife. 1 suspected he had fallen down by
 the way, through fatigue and loss of blood.— 1
 1 did not learn his tale, it is to be hoped,
 however, that some good Samaritan, who
 regarded all men alike, and equally entitled to
 his philanthropy, bound up his wounds, and
 assisted him to some place of refuge.
 Comment upon this brutal and bloody out
 age is unnecessary. The treatment meted
 out poor Bell, is that to which any respectable
 and spirited colored man is liable, w herever
 he may venture to travel, and he has very
 little means of redress. There are ten chauces
 to one against him at the law, since his color
 alone is universally treated as a crime in this
 country. —f. i&gt;.
 (toman and Hungarian f.ibeilv. j
 On the afternoon of July 4th, a very laigc
 and enthusiastic meeting was held in Phila
 delphia, to express sympathy with the Ho
 mans, Hungarians, and other European na
 tisns, now struggling in achieve national lib
 erty and independence. Amongst the speak
 ers were l)r. Landers of Germany, and Dr.
 Elder of Philadelphia. It is not likely that
 the latter gentleman would neglect to ask the
 assembled Americans, what light they bad to
 sympathise with the oppressed of foreign na
 tions, w hile they are themselves the upholders
 of the most intolerable system of oppression
 now sustained in any country. Frequent oc
 casion is met, in this boasting land of “Free
 institutions,” &amp;c., to mike American hypo
 crisy and gasconade the subject of comment;
 and the friends of and of freedom
 w ill not cease to taunt them with then sham
 regard for liberty, until the last bondman on the
 American soil is released. The resolutions
 passed at that meeting coining from any peo
 ple who practically showed their esteem for
 the principle of Freedom, would have been
 excellent. Coming from Americans, un
 connected with any denunciation of slavery
 at home, they only showed how very clear
 sighted men can be to the sins of their neigh
 bors, and bow very blind to their own.
 Amongst the resolutions were the following:
 Resolved, That while the Republic of
 Rome, has given to every citizen as much land
 ss two oxen will plow, and while Kossuth
 and the Republic of Hungary are enfran
 chising their serfs and also bestowing upon
 them grants of the public domain, which they
 have so heroically defended, that the Russian
 and Austrian Generals are acting up to their
 best chnvicttons in scourging delicate women,
 and in shooting and hanging prisoners of war
 without quarter.
 Resolved, That the idea so speciously put
 forth by tyrants, w hen they contemplate some
 colossal wrong, that a people must be pre
 pared for liberty, before they can be worthy of
 it, is met by the whole American people,
 with their plain response, that the only pre
 paration for the enjoyment of Freedom, is
 Freedom itself.
 Resolved, That we regret that the French
 Constitution should have made the term of her
 President so long that his acts of tieachety
 become irreparable and drive a maddened peo
 ple to revolution, and that the conduct of
 Louis Napoleon, in sending an army of regular
 soldiers, bearing the name, but without the
 hearts ol Frenchmen, against the Republic* ol
 Rome, will forever stamp him in history sa
 the Iscariot of Liberty, the Benedict Arnold
 of the world.
 A meeting of llungaiians and others was
 slso held at New S'ork on the Tth ult. L.
 R. Briesach, a Hungarian, took the oppor
 tunity of pressing upon the F. S. govern
 ment tlie propriety of recognising Hungarian
 independence. The following is isecietar*
 t ;.av ton’s reply
 Department u» State. f
 Washino io.n, June 25th, lf&gt;49.
 1,. R. Bheisach Esq. New York.
 1 am requested by the President tc
 acknowledge the receipt of your letter to him
 ol the Tth mat., and the printed account ol
 the meeting of Hungarians and others in Y
 Y. These proceedings had not escaped at
 tention.
 The Government and the people ot this
 country are profoundly interested in the event!
 which are now passing in Hungary, and ol
 information caleuliled to throw light on inr
 present struggle between that country anc
 Austria and Russia cannot fail to be welcome
 It ia the policy and practice of the 1 mice
 Elates to recognise all Government* wind
 exhibit to tlie world convincing proofs of then
 pow er to maintain themselves.
 If Hungary sustains herself in this unequa
 contest, there is n» reason why we should no
 recogn.se her independence. Congress, it u
 believed, would sanction such a measure, am
 this Government would be moat happy in ilia
 event lu etiU-r into commercial as well as di
 plomalic relation* with independent Hungary
 1 am air, your ob’t serv't.
 J. M. Glavton.
 The piesent struggle of the lluugaiisni
 for an independent national existence, hai
 awakened a lively interest m lelatmu to ths
 hitherto little understood country. To tin
 uninformed amongst out readers, the follow
 ing extract, showing the extent and tesoureei
 of that country w ill not lie uninteresting
 “Hungary is divided into 5 province*, con
 laming JT Its principal livers an
 the Danube, the Drave, the Marescli, Uu
 March, the White Do reach, the lzainos, th&lt;
 Ttwyw the Waag. and ihe Ternes.
 t It contains i towns, VM marks
towns. 11,707 villages, 1,3072, houses, 2,-!
 885,500 families, 5,917.202 males, 6,179,00
 females. Total population, 12,096,202. Of 1
 these, 5.500.000 are Human Catholics, and
 about 2,000,000 of the Greek Church, and
 about 1,000.000 Lutherans, 2,iO«0,000 Calvin
 ists, 250,000 Jews, and its regular army be
 fore the war. 59.000 men. There are 15,-
 000.000 of arable land, American measure,
 1,350,000 in vineyard, 4,800,000 in gardens, j
 4, 650, &lt;K&gt;o in pastures, about 15,000,000 acres
 of woodland; 4,500,000 head of horned
 cattle, 650,00 t) horse*, and 6.000,000 sheep.j
 Huda. the capital, stands on the right bank i
 of the Danube, and ha 525.000 inhabitants,
 It was once the residence of the kings of
 ifungary, when it was taken by the Turks, j
 For 160 years it was contested between them
 and the Christians, and it was finally surren
 dered to the Utter in 1686. In 1810, 600
 houses were detroyed by fire, but they have
 been replaced w ith improved buildings. Im
 mediately opposite Huda, on the east side of;
 the Danube, is Pesth, or Preaburg, which is
 the largest city in Hungary. It i» well built,
 containing manv elegant buildings, and man
 sions of the Hungarian nobility. Ita Tniver
 sity is one of the most richly endowed on the
 continent of Furope, and this city of Peath
 contains about 60,000 inhabitants. I: is about
 130 miles cast south east of Vienna.
 Throughout Hungary the Sclavonians are
 the most numerous. The Magyars, or origi
 nal Hungarians —though generally illiterate,
 area spirited and intelligent race, fond of
 active employment, and a military life. In
 1837, there were no lesa than 259,618 privi
 leged noblemen. The number since that
 time has considerably increased; but they are,
 by the recent laws of the Republic, placed on
 an equality with other citizens. No slaves
 of any kind are held.
 The Foreign News
 Of this week is iniereeting. In England
 nothing of importance haa transpired. I)'ls
 raeli's promised movement in the House of.
 Commons, designed to test the viewsot Mem-
 bers in regard to the present Free Trade poli
 cy of the British Government, has been ne
 gatived by a vote of 2h6 over 156. The wea
 ther lias unusually hot. Monday is said
 to have been the hottest day ever experienced
 in London, and in Liverpool and vicinity the
 heat has been not less excesssive. On the
 9ih, at Liverpool, the thermometer stood at
 86, in the shade and 120 in the sun. The,
 Cholera is steadily on the increase in Ixindon.
 Last week there were 152 deaths, and in
 Liverpool 201.
 The liish papers contain most distressing
 accounts of the intense suffering and misery that
 prevail in many parts of that ill-fated country j
 .—particulary in the S. districts. Smith
 O'Brien, Meagher, McManus, and O’Dono
 hue, have at last set sail for the penal settle-!
 mentat Van Dieman’s Land.
 In Fiance the elections to fill 35 vacancies
 are going forward quietly, and the results as I
 far as ascertained, are in favor of the moder-.
 ate candidates. In Paris the ministerial can- j
 didates were all returned. In the Provinces,
 Lamartine and a few Socialists have secured
 their election. An Ambassador Extraordina
 ry has been dispatched to the English Court,
 with the object, as has been conjectured, oF
 neutralizing Lord Palmerston’s apprehended
 intervention in favot of the Homans. It is j
 said that the Marquis of Normanby has pres-1
 ented a note to the French Government from i
 Lord Palmerston demanding explicit explana-1
 lion as to the intentions of France with re- 1
 gard to Home.
 The Eternal City has been forced to open j
 her gates to her French invaders. On the
 evening of the 3dult. the French troops en
 tered Home, more disgraced by a victoiy over
 such a foe, than they would have been by a
 thousand defeats. .A proclamation from the;
 National Assembly announced the arrival o!
 the French, and recommended abstinence
 from all vengeance, as useless and unworthy j
 the dignity of Homan citizens. The Assem- i
 bly in its last sitting unanimously voted the j
 Constitution of the Republic and ordered it to
 be deposited in the Capitol as the expression
 of the unanimous wish of the Homan People.
 The Constitution is by a vote of the Assem
 bly to be engraved on marble and placed in
 the Capitol. They also ordered a funeral
 service to be [celebrated in St. Stephen’s,
 lor those who had fallen in defence of the
 Republic. Garibaldi succeeded in escaping
 from Rome w ith 10,000 men. He was loudly
 applauded as he passed through the city.
 In speaking of ariangements for the future
 settlement of the Roman States, the Pans
 correspondent of the Times says, that the
 French Minister at Gaeta has concluded an
 arrangement not only with the Pope, but with
 the Austriain representative, to the effect
 that His Holiness is to return to Rome; that
 the French are to evacuate the city, leaving
 only a garrison of 5,000 men and that the
 Austrian representative has agreed ou the
 part of his government, that the Austrian
 troops shall evacuate Bologna and
 Ancona, leaving a small number in the forts.
 Venice still holds out against the Austri
 ans, and continues to make a vigorous resis
 tance. The Austrian shells do not reach
 farther than 400 yards within Venice. Pro
 visions aie very scarce. Nothing hut black
 bread, half baked to be got, meat and wine
 are become luxuries. Still a calm determina
 tion to resist reigns among the enetians.
 The Hungarians continue to carry on the
 unequal struggle with indomitable energy and
 couiage. The statements about the victory
 won by the Han Jellachioh at St. Thomas
 proved to be altogether unfounded. The Ban
 is still in the back com try and though be has
 bad an engagement with the Magyars, the
 affair seems to have been of little importance.
 Russutli issued on the 2,th ult. at Hilda
 Pesth. a proclamation calling upon the people
 S ill the most emphatic language to rise in arms
 I against the invader. The campaign against
 the Austro-Russian t.riny is called a crusaJe,
 and it is manifestly intended to work on the
 religious feelings of the people, and its style
 ,is said to be most eloquent and impassioned.
 Kossuth left Pesth on the 2d for Szegsdm.
 i
 i liadtn.— Rnstadt was fearfully bombarded
 on the 7lb, but according to the last accounts it
 held out and the gariison Lad hoisted the
 black flag in token that they would rather die
 than surrender. Europe presents a melan
 -1 chol y picture. War is iidmg roughshod over
 1 the entire continent. The ad\antage* gamed
 irnrnt he great to compensate for so much
 ij bloodshed and barbarism. Sull, we cannot
 1 help giving our best wishes fur i)i« wronged
 of all nations.
 j William W. H*own, sailed for Europe
 'on U»ard the Canada, from Beaton
 on Wednesday la«. Mr. H.
 goes out in company with Tlaw A. Tuck,
 of N. H., and Preatdeot Mahan of Oberhn,
 t Ohio.
To the Editor of the Xorth Star. —The en
 closed note was, written by ourmuchjcsteeni
 ed friend Gerrit Sjiitb, in relation to ray
 Narrative of American Slavery. Will yo«
 be ao good as to give the same an insertion
 in your paper* By ao doing you will oblige
 an bumble advocate in the cause of down
 trodden humanity.
 HENRY 8188.
 PkTEKBORO, July 17, lb!9.
 Hmv Bibb Mv Dear Sir.—] hare juat
 read your deeply interesting Narrative. 1
 would that every reader m the nation and in
 the world might read it.
 What a horrible thing slavery is in the
 light of your Narrative And your Narra
 tive is true for I know you to he a man ol
 integrity.
 With great respect, your friend
 GERRIT SMITH.
 ll~r Why have we not seen this Narra
 tive? We should be glad to see it. Will
 the author favor us with a copy.
 The Hartford Republican.— We regret
 to learn that the publication of this able Free
 Soil paper has been suspended for want of
 funds. It does not give one a very exalted
 idea of the Free Soilers of Connecticut that
 they should allow such a paper as the Repub
 lican to languish. They will never get a
 better.
 I he Anti-Slavery Reading Room is removed
 from the first floor No. 25 Buffalo street, to
 the floor above.
 Extracts from Mr. Peabody's review of
 Narratives of Fugitive Slaves, are crowded
 out this week. They will appear in next
 number.
 An exchange paper says Mr. Duncan,
 who has a plantation on the .Mississippi river
 has lost ninety-one negroes by cholera. His
 other cat;le” were in usual health.”
 Another Straw* in the wind of Public
 Sentiment.—A colored student in Middle
 hury College (Vt.) will graduate in a few
 weeks, having passed honorably through his
 four Jyears’ course, receiving the best treat
 ment from his classmates and from all the
 students.
 Effects of Slavery.—ln I*lB, Charles
 ton, S. C\, ranked as the fifth city in the un
 ion in 1830, she was the sixth and she
 is now the sixteenth—Cincinnati, Brooklyn,
 Albany, Louisville, Newark, Pittsburg, St.
 Louis, Buffalo, Rochester, Lowel, and per
 haps Washington, Providence and Troy, hav
 ing outstripped her since 1830. Slavery
 blights everything within its influence.—
 Philadelphia Sunday Dispatch.
 Necessity fop. Knowing Spanish.—Ad
 venturers bound to California should acquire
 some title knowledge of Spanish, or they will
 be puzzled when they get into the Spanish
 country where even the mules understand no
 other language. One of a company who start
 ed from Vera Cruz could not get his mule to
 budge, though lie kicked, beat and abused him
 in choicest English. The mule only pricked
 up his ears at the strange sounds. At length
 a Mexican gave him the word, mulas
 ramos, sst sst,” and away the animal went
 at the top of his speed. The rider now had
 as great difficulty to stop him, for he knew
 no Spanish word, and was obliged to hire an
 interpreter between him and his rnule.
 Office Seeking.—The New York Tribune
 of recent date thus alludes to the office-seek
 ing mania now so prevalent in all parts of the
 country “It is a melancholy fact that the
 public mind has been grossly perverted by the
 rise and spread of the office-seeking mania.!
 Every third man you meet has a sneaking
 notion about an office. He wouldn’t touch
 the best thing going if he were not situated
 just as he is but his health or his family, or
 his poverty constrain him to put in. People
 are not asking what the Government is likely
 to do for us by its public policy, but what it
 can do fur brother Nolles or neighbor Giles in
 the way of providing him with an office.
 There will have to be a new leaf turned, and
 we care not how soon.”
 In Brandywine Hundred, Delaware, a
 young girl, pretending to be in a trance and
 holding conversation with God in Latin, at
 tracts crowds of visitors.
 Justice!— Three slaves were hung on Fri
 day at Charleston. S. C. for striking an offi
 cer of the work-house.
 A JSlave was recently hung in Farquhar
 county, Ya., for stealing some pork from his
 master's meat-house. Why didn’t they hang
 the owner of the meat-house by the slave’s
 side for first stealing the poor fellow’s entire
 earnings?
 Southern Politeness.—A man whipped
 his female slave the other day at Glasgow.
 Mo so that she died in consequence. A
 coroner's jury was called, who brought in a
 verdict “that the woman died of apoplexy,
 brought on by excitement*”
 Slaves Going to California. —Mr.
 Row e, formerly one of the publishers of the
 Belfast Journal, but now on thejroad to Cal
 foniia writes to that paper,May 13, in camp,
 20 miles west of Independence—“l have seen
 many a dozen teams going along with their
 families of slaves.’’So slaves go to California.
 Mark that.
 Sinci lak and Fatal Accident.—On Sat
 urday last about lo ’clock A. M. a most sin
 gular occurence took place at John Price's
 store, at Sassafras Neck, in this county. A
 little boy, about 11 years ol age, entered the
 Store, and called fur some goods, and while
 waiting for the storekeeper lo put them up
 for him, a barrel of rum, near w hich he stood,
 exploded with a loud noise, covering him
 with the contents, and enveloping him m a
 sheet of flame at the same instant. He ran
 out of the store into* clover lut, and falling
 amongst the clover .succeeded in extinguish
 ing the flame; but he was burnt so badly that
 he died in fifteen minutes after the accident
 happened. The proprietor succeeded m ex
 tinguishing the fire in the store w about sus
 taining much injury. No cause is assigned
 for this strange and unfortunate occurance.
 Price said there was no fire near the panel
 when it exploded, and that about two thirds
 of the liquor had been drawn out of it, as he
 supposed. Cecil Md.)Drui 27 ih.
 Grave Stones for California.—A resi
 dent on the Island of Nantucket, being fully
 persuaded that “the fever"’ would soon de
 populate the place, has put his stock of mar
 ble and slate on txard a schooner bound fur
 the gold region; and stones, which were in
 tended for s*«ne of the old inhabitants, begm
 ing “Sacred to the memory of,” and “Erec
 ted by hi* brother,"Ac. have actually been
 shipped from that island, to mark the resting
 place of many of its inhabitants in the Do
 rado of the present time. There is an impres
 sive moral iu this-
 A new Invention. —Messrs. J. W. Howe
 and H. M. Butter, natives of fonneetirut,
 but now residents of this City, have, as we
 sre informed, invented a machine for cutting
 clothing of every description, which entirely
 lb© u®© of ibotfi. \%iife lb©
 assistance of two men, U is said to perform
 ss much work u» one day as fifty men could
 accomplish in the ordinary way. A working
 model will be exhibited to the public in a few
 week*.
Dame* or Gold Sexxjso —Col. i. D.
 Stevenson, in a letter from California, which
 is published in the New York Herald, thas
 speaks of the penis which surround the ad*
 venturous gold seeker
 “Let do man (latter himself that gold is to
 be gathered without toil sod pen! toil th«
 most severe must be endured, aod peril to life,
 health, good morals and habits, hourly sur-i
 rounded them snd many who leave their
 homes pure snd good, free from the terrible
 vices of gambling and drunkenness, may re
 turn (if indeed tl»3j ever do return) with gold,
 but without those possessions infinitely more
 valuable than gold or diamonds to the man,
 hia family, or his country. No one but those
 who have witnessed it, can form the least
 idea of the penis and temptations that sur*|
 round all, and more especially the young aod
 inexperienced. W beo the day of toil is over,
 the; have no home or social circle to enter.
 The tavern tent is the resort of all; here thet
 cards are the only books that are to be found
 or looked into—-At first they drink and play i
 lightly but if suvressful, the thirst increases,
 •lakes are doubled, more liquor is drank, snd
 many seek their bed (mother earth and S|
 blanket—few have any other) with aching
 heads and empty purses. The latter is re
 garded as of little importance, when from
 $2O to $5O can be earned by the next day’s
 toil. Many avoid gambling at the mines,
 who fall into the vice w hen they cume here
 and in the other towns they find themselves
 suddenly possessed with more wealth than
 they ever had before as they have no home
 but the bar room, the gambling table is the
 resort for excitement and amusement, and a
 few days finds them, like the sailor returned
 from a long voyage, and at the end of his frol
 ic, ‘cleaned out,’ and ready to embark again 1
 for the golden ocean.”
Another Slave Abduction. —On Wed
 nesday. a man named Geo. Scott got on the
 cars at Green Valley Depot, accompanied by
 a negro woman belonging to Joseph Harness,
 Ksq., residing near Old town in this county.
 Arrived at Cumberland, Scott took seats fur
 himself and woman in the coaches for Browns
 ville. In about two hours and a half after
 their departure, Mr. Harness arrived with
 the intelligence. Messis. Asa Wilson, Win.
 O. Sprigg, of Joe, and James Stoddard, Jr.,
 instantly started in pursuit. They overtook
 the coach at King's, twenty tmles from this
 place, and returned yesterday morning with
 Mr. Scott and his inamorata, who weie
 safely lodged in jail. The woman will prob
 ably go South and Mr. Scott to an institution
 in Baltimore —(meaning the penitentary we
 suppose.)
No Cholera among the Shakers. —The
 Lebanon (Ohio)Star says that no case has
 ever occurred in one of the Shaker villages
 of our cnuntiy —a ciicumstance indicating the
 value of cleanliness and temperance in all
 things.
Juan Fkrnandez.-A letter front this fa
 mous island, published in the Journal of Com
 merce, gives the following description of its
 appearance in May last. It will be interest
 ing to the young, in whose minds the name
 of the island is associated with that most
 captivating story oflJe Foe’s—Robinson Cru
 soe:
 j “Perhaps adescription'ofthis picturesque!
 i and classical island may not be uninteresting j
 |to y ur readers. It is composer! of high
 and rugged peaks, the greatest elevation be-
 I ing 2800 or 3000 feet. Masses of porous
 lava rock and reddish sand, show' it to
 have undoubteldy been the result of a vol
 canic eruption. There are many caves; that
 inhabited by Robinson Crusoe was entered
 by ouf party. It is about fifteen feet square
 and twelve high, its sides and top were black
 ened by smoke, rude niches were cut to
 place aitides, and spikes were driven in the
 wall; many pieces were broken ftom the in
 side of the cave as mementos. The trees
 here are stunted. Myrtle and cypress are
 the principal. Peaches, figs, quinces, ground
 apples, and radishes are foun'd wild in great
 abundance; wild oats cover the sides of the
 hills. The bays and little inlets abound in
 fish of all kinds. Goats, wild dogs and hor
 ses, and mules are partly in possession of the
 place.—The population now consists of fifteen
 souls—six men, five women and four children
 —all Spaniards or Chilians but one, and he
 is an American named Pierce, of Maine. He
 says he has been here and upon Massa
 fueio, west of this, for two years past. He
 lives peaceably with the rest, and enjoys life.
 They dwell in wretched caves and huts.
 Several years ago, the Chilian Government
 held this as a sort of Botany Bay. The con
 victs made their escape in a vessel stopping
 there. The artificial caves in which they
 were confined are still to be seen.”
Negro Representatives at the Court
 of St James. —The London Times of May
 21st, devotes three columns to the names of
 Sarties who attended the Queen’s Drawing
 loom, on her Majesty’s Birth day. In the
 ist of diplomatic personages present, is the
 name ofM. D. Delva, (Senateur Haytien)
 Minister presented N. E. Sequy Killevaux,
 Secretary of the Haytien Legislation. In hon
 or of the same occasion, Lord Palmerson en
 tertained the corps diplomatique. Among
 the guests at the banquet we notice the names
 of the United States and Haytien Ministers.
Indi an and Yankee. —The water at Mack
 inaw is very eleai and cold, so cold as to be
 almost unendurable. A gentleman lately
 amused himself by throwing a small gold coin
 in twenty leet of water, and giving it to any
 Indian who would bring it up. Down they
 plunged, but after descending ten or twelve
 feet, they came up so chilled, that after
 several attempts they gave it up.
 A Yankee standing by, observed that “if
 he would give it to him for getting it, he'd
 swing it up quicker than lightning to w hich
 he consented when Jonathan, instead of
 plunging in as was expected, quietly took up
 a setting pole and dipped the end in a tar bar
 rel, reached it down to the coin and brought
 it up, and slipping it into his pocket, walked
 off, to the amazement of the ludian divers,
 and the no small chagiin of the doom.
One united voice from Mcllenrv and]
 Lake Counties Dr. Sloan—Dear Sir :In
 my late excursion through McHenry and
 Lake counties, I heard one uuited voice in all
 pans of ihe country in favor of your piepara
 tions. The Ointment has earned a great
 name, the Condition Powder is highly prized,
 and the Tannin Paste fully sustains your
 statement. Very tespectfully,
 statement. J{ JORDaN
 Little fort, March 31, 1»48.
 tj'y* jSee Agents names at the head of
 Sloan s Column. F&lt;* father particular* and
 testimonials, get phamphlets of agents.
Receipts
 /V the North Stab M t&gt;* MV** n«.W
 1,
 Mi** Freeman, New Vori City 1,00
 Mir* M. C. Hopki«*
 MIMM a kT. G«.udrkh, Lockf»«t, N Y 2.U0
 T. B. Cncajp', It. 2^o
 U*nr&gt; O. Viitzomr
 Am. O. Hif rock
 Henry Braitford, 2,00
 Heavy Ka.Rta,
 George Grant
 Fowl k Bomatr
 W». Johiwon
 Ghee Patrick
 n«a*e, Vaßej Fall*, R. I.
 £Z ii—i
 4h&gt;m Gerry Cjo». 1
 Ur, nmq, Norita»p*«a. 00
M IR RI E D
 la W- JJy A
 STEWART, Dott■ P. J. Paca of Phdadrfpln..
 lo Mim Mam fc LfWl*! of Chicago,
Commercial
Rocinm, A ago*
 Reports of (k &gt;'f* York auiirt of JMf
 Ib». dot the J—ad m heavy for Urn aad okriw
 grade*. The drmaiH for .vport hunted-
 qMh Ike mfol brew aart
 The deamad for food flour is oa| kanr
 trade receipt* 1 united S»b* BUOO W*W 4*4.
 87; for foie and tunospreted 4*4. C mm 4,62»4,
 75; Old Western nod Stile 4,81*5,87; CoaMwo
 Western 4,97*4,94; good Michigan.
Rochester Wholesale Price* Correal.
 FLOUR a*o MEAL—Dart 19 p e id ml
 Flour, U 4 4 75*5 00
 Com meal. bosh 45 *5O
 PROVISIONS. —Duty ;Beef.P«rk,Ha«is, Bacon,
 Batter ami Laid, c; Choe*« »fc ad ml
 Pork, (mes.) 00 00 12 00
 Do. in hog •5 50
 IW, eoT* 4 00 5 00
 Do. bbi. (mes.) 700* 8 00
 Lard (tried) *!b J 3
 Do. (leaf,)
 Him*, (bAH)
 Shoulders, do. 5• »i
 Butter l 1*
 Cheese 05 07
 Turkeys p h 64
 Chickens J&gt;4
 Potatoes, bush. 50 75
 GRAIN —Duty; 20 f r id nl
 Wheat, bush e 1
 Com *8)
 Rye g
 Chat
 Bariev 50
 HIDE&amp; —Duty; 5 p c ad ral
 Slaughter 3|
 Calf 10
 Sheen Pelt. 40 75
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 20 p
 e ad ml
 Clorer 575• 5 00
 Timothy .150*2 25
 Fla* l 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 pe ad val
 Whitehall übl J 00
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, p bbl 125
 Apples, P Ims
 Do. dried bush. S2J
 Eggs, P do* «jp 10
 Beans, p bush 75
 Hay, p ton 700 900
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood E 9
2lJn)crtiocments.
JOB PRINTING.
 THE NORTH STAR OFFICE, is furnished
 with nrw Job Ti/yr, fiir the execution of every'
 description of Printing with neatness aid despatch,
 at (lie lowest prices for cash, vi«:
 Hand-bills, Blanks, BiH-head-,
 Programmes, Circulars, Bills of Lading,
 Pamphlets, Cards, Labels, kc.
New Watch aad Jewelry Store.
 JOHN KEDZIE liaving chwiged his partnership
 relations, has removed his Shop two doors
 North to No. 11, State Street, where lie is prepared
 successfully to compete in tlie sale of an entire new
 Stock of Goods, consisting of Gold and Silver
 F.nglish, Anchor, Horizontal and Vertical Watches,
 Gold Guard and Fob Chains, Gold Seals and Keys,
 Gold and Silver Pencils, Spectacles and Thimbles,
 Gold Ear-Rings, Bracelets, and Finger-Rings—a
 good assortment, cheap; a variety of Ladies* and
 Gentlemen’s Breast-Pins, new style; double and
 single Hunting gold and plated Lockets, Gold Pens,
 best quality, Silver and Shell Combs and Cases,
 Fine Cutlery, kc. kc.
 The above and a variety of other desirable Goods
 usually kept in our business, are offered on more ad
 vantageous terms than usual; and it is particularly
 desired tliat the goods should be examined, and
 prices ascertained, before purchasing elsewhere in
 this market.
 We manufacture and keep on hand a good assort
 ment of Silver Spoons, warranted as pure as Ame
 rican com.
 Will also keep an assortment of Accordeons and
 otlier Musical Instruments, which w ill be sold very
 low.
 We intend to keep a good assortment of the best
 Brass Eiclil-day, 30 hour, and alarum Clocks, as can
 be found in this city.—Call and see them.
 WATCH REP AIRIN G, faithfully done and war
 ranted by an experienced workman.
 Farther particulars at No. T 1 State Street.
 J. KEDZIE Co.
 p. S.—To the Fanners in particular we would
 give notice, that we have a variety of Barometers
 which will give that knowledge of the change* of the
 weather, so as Pi lie able to ailopt his laisiness to its
 variations. Pic ise call and examine them, as ever
 man ought to ha e one.
 Sep. 15, 1848. om.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 1 would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 aud surrounding couutrv, tliat I liave removed my
 office Irom No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Ihankfnl for |&gt;ast favors in tlie line of ray profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give jierfect
 satisfaction to all who may fovor me with tiieir jw
 tronage. I would invite All those who are de
 sirous ofliaving operations performed on tlie teeth or
 of liaving teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves. _
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operation* performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848.
AUBURN and ROCHESTER
 rail-road:
 CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at tlie following time
 Eastward—at la. 8j a. IV.
 Westward—-at A. it., 9 A.M., 2j P. M. 7 P.M.
 Rocliester, May 1, 1849,
 Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cynt*; new Edit. 37Jc
Hair-Uttin* an* Dressiag at
 RALPH FRANCIS’* Saloon, under tlie Eagle
 Buffalo-street i ll 4 3m
Tke 014 (urosiiy Shop,
 •At No 48 Flrchange Street Rochester.'
 LLOYD SCOTT, giaielul for tlie patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform hi*
 friends awl tlie jiublic generally, that lie ha* recently
 enlarged his e*taMi*hmenl ami augmented his .tuck
 of Men’*, Women’*, awl Children’*. New aud
 Secondhand aj&gt;parel. In ad.iit*,u to thi* depart
 ment he w ill huv ami sell House and Store Furni
 ture, jewelry Fancy article*, Mednaical
 awl agricultural implements, awl indeed ail tb.«*e
 various o&lt;kL* and ewL” of wbieh may not be
 reaility obtained at other pb cee. It i* hi* intention
 to, keep The Old Curosky Shop” well famished
 with an eialltwi variety ol’ ansrles for which lie will
 pav liberally and di»po-e of at rati*foctory prices.
 Clothing'rejaired and ixwovated with nealura*
 and despatc h.
 Dout forget Tim Okl Curouty Shop.
 Rudester March 1849.
James w. mondorming nifl continue* to
 keep the Groerry on Second Street, corner of
 Elm, North side Has euastaotly on hand every
 variety ot Groo-rie*.
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July IS, 1849.
KEW 10RK ADVERTISEMENTS.
C«lore4 Sailors* U«if«
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS of Ihe *L*e, aad *tnager« om a *wit
 to New York, can now be a«oaiiw«fated with
 a* guuti Board, ami a* a* low a jwire a* ia aay other
 tea* ia the city. The houae w Urge aad eo«*
 vemeot; »iU hold naforubi) *eveuly per*oa*.
 Families &gt;~*m hare pritste room*, aad every atten
 itei paid to their ruafot, WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11, 1849.
DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH. 93, Broad-
MBS. PI7TTIT amU reapeetfoUy ioforw her
 Freak aad the Potahc, that she ha. retaoved
 foam 159 to a tumaa»liw&gt; kuae No. 162, (hot)
 Street, where she will entaiaoe toreiritan re*pe«-
 abb rofored peraoa* with Hoard ami Ludfiaf.
 New York, May 11,
T.Ui.lB A. POTIXII* Heady Made Clothm*
 Jj Huxr, HI (W Bif«, kH««n (WHi S(««
 wi Wert Hruedwav, York. Al*&gt;—A (tern
 «ml Amotubmi of lieatkmTs Pwiikisf Artselns,
 -srws*-i-- T
HOSTS* tUVKRTISESEMS.
HOMB FDR lIIPOIUIKW.
 THE whvrßef ha* wanted to that oeat, rn*ve
 *mvM. tad &lt;sratr*J hoarding-hcane. No. 2) Centre
 Coart, where he wilt be owl happy t» weln*me wane
 of the Frawds of Reform, at itaxasUf eharge*
 He wuhri hi* host** to be the central pfore m Bo*
 toa. where the fir lends of Traipe rawer. Peace. Parity
 Freedom, the Piisasrr. for .am meet together,a—
 euy&gt;»y a c —furtable sod quiet bone.
 t entrai Coart open* at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boa too. Aog, 21, 1848.
 ROBERT MORRIS, j*., Attorney ami Cowa
 tellur at Law, Prater’* Budding, State Street
 Boet.Ni.
 JOHN D. RF.VALEON, Hair Outing 8»foou
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Bhfl*('*e
THOMAS P. SMITH. No. Brattle Sweet
 sign of the Golden Ball. New ami Second
 band Clothing Store.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISEJTTS.
ttneral litetligficf Officf.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an F-staMifoi
 rneut at tlie PHit.auri.rHlA IxstitcTE,
 Loirdiard Stieet. ahove Seventh, for the jtorjx.se ol
 procuring honest maf faithful ifomestic* foe tho*e
 who »av require them, and obtaining place* tiw
 such a* are qualified ami in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to tlie follow ing named gentlemen, who have
 kindly jiermtlted tlie use of tiieir name* as
 Hiriß exces:
 Anarew M’Makin Editor of tlte American Courier
 Robert Morri*, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Hanlmg, Publisher of the Impiirer
 (diaries J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Tho*. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88. Che*nnt Street
 Hilliam J. Mnllen, 278. Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1,1848. Iv— 36.
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, alwve
 Seventh. h—36
CHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, lietween Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market ami Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find tlie North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortahle House in Phihnlelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1948. m 49
Free Labor Good*.
 MANTFACTI ’RF.I&gt; by the American Free Pro*
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, tinbleaclied; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, ot various qualities mid
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an er
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 kc. kc.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 mav be aihlresscd to J. Miller McKiui, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tt
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a ha ml sum
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and iisefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letter* relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller Mclvun, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tl
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered l
 TIME and exjieriencc have fully |&gt;roved that (his
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY ha* not its equal
 on the list of jxqiular medicines, having lieen lielbre
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of it* won
 derful effect* on die animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of *pe
 cial remark, that beside die great ami extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OP THE HORSE,
 in which it* virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and die wonder of tlie
 jiublic generally, it has lieen successfully employed
 in a great variety of die maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion tliat any one remedy can jxissess within
 itself die virtue of curing many disease*. Exjieri
 ence of more than fourteen tears has nevertheless
 establislied the fact, that Merchant’* Olehrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most eases and relieve such a* die! follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil lias lieen completely successful ami in which oili
 er pretended remedies leive completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections, Bites of A iiimal-', Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 ami Scalds, Cramjis, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of tlie mus
 cle*, Wounds, Swellings, kc.
 Also a I lost of disease*
 in Horse* and otlier
 as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 WindgaM, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Gall* of alt kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Hitfast, Strain*, I-amene**,
 Sand Cracks,Foundered Feet, Seratci.es,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, +i., tfc.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statement* of j«i
 tient* themselves,and others who have used tlie Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 tliat were they at all interested in a pecuniary jjoint,
 thev could hardly have lieen credited.
 'f'he celebrated Dr. Parker at*o write* a* follow*
 Dear Sir: I hare prescribed your Gargl ag Oil in
 various case* of
 FRA C77C A L S UR G ER Y,
 a* a liniment, with marked surer**,and wool I com
 mend it lo physician* generally lor external use in
 all contusion*, tumor*, Niniw, white swelling*,
 ami in all rheumatic afleetwais, where external
 mean* are necessary. As a diseotient, it is b.um
 less wliere tlie febrile symjUom* liave Ijeen reduced
 l/y general treatiuenl. In »uch rases, it is tlie tno-i
 efficient remedy within tlie circle of mean* uaw in
 use.
 I would als&gt; rewan metal it to community at large
 a* a »a(e aud jiowerfal remedy wliere there i* no
 general fever in all tlie ahove diseases, to tie used
 freely, awl to counteract milaiimtation in a remark
 aide manner, in Isuiwil wound* U prevenis sweil
 i:ig, cou*e,jueiit *#renes« in b.t weatiscr.
 Fr'Mii the jrecuhar nature of thi* 0,1, and lie
 unparalleled -tn e-» it lias met with in the liarei* ol
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE FRO
 FKIETOR, It IS l«l )U»IM* to say, that of the
 great oursita-r id’luedieine* wbirb liave Ijeeu ottered,
 mw bar* lieen well arfopted in I hr jjrtonjjt cure
 of Dw-un to which Huraea are iialde; it has i«ren
 very justly railed aCuaiplete Panacea fur die Horse
 I For uisiaiwe, read die totlow mg
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 Tbs* ta to certify that 1 bate had for many yean tin
 i care of from one hundred to two Inns'red l«or»e«
 and have made use &gt;4 Merchant’s Gargling Oil f*
 two years put, aad can safoiv way. tlsat for alt tin
 diseases that hooee are liable to j never saw it
 eijuai. I use that owe Lottie per month, srwl re
 ruawt«i it U&gt; the a* the best medicine
 teases now us use. K D MINOR.
 AU orders addressed to the jaoprsetor will I,
 promptly re-poudrd to.
 Get a pomfdilet &gt;4 the Agent, aad see what won
 tiers are so nja.phvhe l by the sse ef tins medic■ or
 Snbt by respectable dealers gear rally us the L m
 led States and Caiiah.
 Alio hy Post k Wif.tr*, Wt*. Pints,L. H
 3&lt;tAS, WtstLow It You so, M D. Waur
 Kijf
 HkC Gav ford, I lender sun k Paudersoa, CVvt
 had. ft.; fillisj k Hnn, Cufoudst*.
 k Israel, Cow in nan. O.; Nd'lat k (a, ANnsy
 Hollister It Co, Bukin, Greeimtaa k fioitb Lo
 ea; P D Orris k tfo.Troy, N Y. July 13-**
 WM. H. TGPP, Merchant T.tfor, 5*
 way. Abo km extensive asaurtm** 1 «f trsv
 Stocks, lioMory, Gfose*. kc _ k
 Afottay, 11, UHO. 4&gt;\~
COLINH#
 TJ W B Sfoaa
 me wdd t» P r 4 W,fo, W.rwkm k Yoao,. Ro-
 Ae*ter; S Krashaw. Frsukfoei; A 9 BsTrsl. k
 C&lt;*.. lesitew. T. k A. Irw, *—kwnn Cwlsfo
 Nve, Pittsford; W. Wilfosu, Bwtfofo; sud te
 ofo-l druggists thmagVwH the I sited KmVes.
 FAMILY OINTMF.NT.
 SLOA.VB OINTMENT now uniTersafty
 knowirdged to he an tnfalhble remedy, is every
 case where it ha* been fsithfisilv apfdted the hu
 man s*stem, for prasotisf loseoutble PersfMratioa.
 drawing art the inlUminsliou from a wototd. re
 lieving jam of every kind, and ia it* healing qwali
 (&gt;e* the wsatd does prisfore its ftpsnl. *M the
 poldic Jironotowe it the cheapest and low* Faasdv
 O’ntiarsi that bus ever lien tarsi All diseaeee ot’
 •he le*h. OlsiiMir l icet*, Old Sore*, Oulhlajne.
 Sore I’hroat, Runts. Cm*, (Nitaueosm
 Bore Nippies, Nut Breast*. Duraeee of the Eye,
 Ague in the fore. *ide, ls»rk. and the other part* ol*
 ftw sy*tem, BoiU, Lifer*. Bc*W Heud. Braiwa.
 rr *h ouod*. and every kind of aorea
 the lra*t particle of mflamiuation are permanently
 Cured by this gteat remedy.
 W. B SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake m Iducago, ill
WE can’t CET ALONG WITWOfT IT.
 BEser.’* Grots, Will Co., IH., t
 October 24.1848 y
 Mr. Bmhx—Sir: I have tested the virtue of
 ymr Ointment in thr cure of rattle*»akr bites, sore
 throat, Uirn*, and many other in;snes, and merer?
 c.i*e it ha« surpassed ««r exjiecta’ hit. As aFauu
 i ly Ointment I have never seen it* equal, and tor
 ben.*;s we can’t get along without it.
 win, kc.,
 MILES M. JOHNSON.
excellkst ointment.
 Mr. Sloan-—Dear For a conaiderable
 length of time I wa* wriowh utflicted with tho
 Klw um:Ui&lt;- compbint.anrl ajyjdied frceK the variotM
 liniments, pain-killer*, kc., without obtaining any
 relief. After which your agent at thi* place inllu
 enced m*» to try your Ointment, ami within two
 week* front the time I commenced using it, the jam
 ceased, and l wa* cfiectually cured; and shall re
 commend all who are similarly aftltcted with the dis
 tressing complaint, lo jirocme your excellent oint
 ment without delay. Resp’v yours,
 (&gt;B(’AK F. MOTT.
 Princt ville, Prviria co., 111., May 1, ’49.
A UNGER BITTEN ENTIRELY Of E
 Two Miles South of Chicago,
 Sept. 14, 1849.
 l&gt;R. Si.oav—Sir Oji the 9th in*t. my son had a
 linger bitten entirely oft bv a horse. e immedi
 ately ajijilied your celefoated Ointment tvhtch re
 lieved linn of jxihi in a foyy minute*, and jirevented
 tlie linger from swelling the* least particle, and the
 wound is ißivy healing rapidly.
 Re.spectfuuv \&lt;&gt;urs,
 S. RIH KWAY,
A PRIME ARTICLE.
 Are any afflicted yyith pains. Imiises,cuts or sores
 of any hind Let tliem rearl W. B. Sloan’s ad*
 vertisement in another column. We believe this
 ointment to lie a jiritne article lor any thing ul the
 kind and no huniliug. Try a little ol it before you
 suffer any longer. It ran lie had at nearly all the
 stores iu this place.—[Knox Intelligencer.
 THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 lIURSE MEDICINE
 IS THr. WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 c O NDITION Pow D E R
 iiavk earned a great name.
 Em Furitl/, Mihlnrx*, Sajrly, ’rrtiusfj
 anti 'l'httrtyughneiix SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT EsctU,
 And is rapidly superwding all otlier Ointments and
 Liniment* now in use for the cure of tlie following
 disease*
 Fresh Wound*, Galls of all kind*, Sprain*,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, \V mdgalls, Poll*
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Swe,-uey, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The PoyypKßrvill remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse tlie
 water, and strengthen every jiart of tlie body and
 has proved a sovereign remedy lor tlie following
 diseases:
 Distemjier, Hide-hound, Lo** of Ajqietite, In
 ward Strains, Vellow Water, Inflammation of tlie
 Lyes, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheuma
 tism, (commonly called *tift complaint,) which
 prove* so fatal to many valuable horse* in thi*
 country It is also a safe und certain remedy for
 coughs and colds, which generate so many fatal dis
 ease*. W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Dejiot. lO Lake at., Chicago, Illinois.
EXTRACT f ROM THE “GALENA NORTH-WESTERN
 GAZETTE.”
 By the iihc of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 I’owder, I hare entirely cured a Fistula on my
 horse, and eitherwi*r unproved Ins condition more
 Guru 500 per cent, on (he cost of tlie medicine. And
 a cow which was *o feeble a* to lie considered
 worthies* by m&gt;*elf and neighliwr*, wa* restored to
 good health and strength by (lie use of le** (hail half
 a jiackage of the powder, and i* now doinir better
 than any otlier cow I have. WM. VINCENT.
 Small Pox, May 13. IH4M
POPULAR OPINION.
 If jiojiiilar ojiiuion is any criterion of the worth
 of an article, we invite the inerednlotM to read at
 least a few of tlie many voluntary certificate* which
 apjiear in our column* reflecting the great variety
 of remarkable cure* effected by tl»- u*e of Sloan
 ceh-faated Ointment aud (.’ondition Powder.”
 The«e remedie* no longer remain among thoae of
 ihmlAful utility; tliey liave I*i**ed from the lute of
 exjieriment, aud now aland luglier in rejxitation, aiut
 are lje«-r,ming more extensively used than all other
 article* of the kind.—(Michigan City New*.
THE MALE HAS NOT BE JIN TOLD.
 Fox River, June 12, ’49.
 IIK. St.o* &gt;—lfoar Sir: Please semi by tlie hear
 er a new siipjdy of your Ilor*e Medicine*. 'l’hey
 are tlie l*-*l article* of tlie kind tliat I have ever
 used, never liaving tieeu di*aj&gt;(M,in(etl in flieir efleet
 as I liave lieen ia the use of oilier, even llie most
 celebrated Ointment*, Liniinents, fce., of Hie day.
 I like very much tin* feature in litem, vu: tliat tfiev
 do all that i* jjromised, ami ujjoii a thorough trial,
 one is constrained to arid thai half h»* not lwe«
 told.” Respect folly,
 M. DUDLEY.
THK UirrKRS.HCE.
 Th*. or.»i*»r&gt; Ointment* and Liniment*, i» i* well
 known, are nrrrrc ami partial tn (heir
 rtlouii’* hutment i* inild, ve! tlioroogh—tl rear.he*
 ami reamiiex (lie rau***, heme H give* real ami pel
 Hia nr lit relief.
 tor parity, tnildnea*, »uiely, certainty, ami ikoc
 nuclinran, Sh.au’, Ointment carets, ami »a rapidly
 xu(a-r«r&lt;ijnj' all '/(her ointment* ami liniments now
 ooor&gt; mews.
 Hit ten, Jan. Bth, 1849.
 W. it. Mt-oas-Sif: One of my huraeawa* hoot
 Ix/uixl ami alt./ wounded an the atdir, in which hr
 took roll, ami became hj crippled tliat lv could
 xearrely travel. Bv (he free application of root
 valuable Ointment, he hoof* were mx/u anftrumi and
 the /tide perinaia-ntU cured.
 I have also uml lie- Ointment in the raw of Pull
 Kvd am! &lt;*i »ev»re gall* Midi cjual uactaa.
 On a Meulrd linger (iu( was very poinlui it op
 erated tike a charm. Your*, ttr,
 A. VAN OKDF.V
imT*AO*DIMA*y CfiE.
 F«/or link north of (Vajo, (oa nail to
 Milwnokte,) Cook to., Ul.,Apiil 13,‘41*
 Mk Sluik— t)*ar Su One of my hor*e» had a
 Large lam* Time* nu hi* lireaat hour, nwnelhid*
 muk-r the collar, nhirb Uue.l hum awd render**! hm
 •erVKev ol mi little value. I fa ahdmtty*
 several Utile* of Ihr Taylor*. Nerve nod
 luntmetii, widen* the h-a*« be*** 4
 mwd that rnat.l I became /daamed a
 never reuse the mrnmmj.
 l!T ilu-hrat apphealio* the tmwot
 Umn W J£e
 Orel, dman-arw 1 AMD AlMXTKOftti.
 loan*.
onaTirviH« iKraxiantCK.
 P rr part of (hr emmlrv where Miami’a
 Hutment ami C‘f lilitm Powder” hate bee*
 the pruprW he. received the mem
 eratifviuß atriiiwt lkt remark nhl* dhtt an
 u.uM*Witi. In a multitude of matawm, thry have
 uruuuphed over Vieaws whsrk had ImMwd the skill
 of repeated Farnee*, and were nmetdarad iscava
 blr. Those medicine* are rapidly aonerseding oil
 other reawedM* now ut fee diseased harm* m 4
 cauls r*»*3S
"
