"tJoctrs.
THE REFORMER
 ST JOHN O. WHITTII*.
 All grim mnri *Ol ted, aad brwwn with tu,
 1 mw a Strong One, in hi* wrath,
 Smiting the godlew »hnn«* of man,
 Along hi* path.
 Tbe Church, beneath her trembling dome,
 Earaved in rain her fhoetly charm;
 Wealth *hook within hie gilded home,
 With pale alarm.
 Fraud from hie eecrct chamber* fled
 Before the eunlight hunting in;
 Bloth drew her pillow o’er her bead,
 To drown the din.
 Spare!” Art implored, yon holy pile;
 That graad, old, time-worn turret rpare;”
 Meek Rererence, kneeling in the ai*le,
 Cried out, Forbear!”
 Gray-beaded t T *e, who, deaf and blind,
 Groped for hie old acctutomed none,
 Leaned on hie atafl, and wept to 6nd
 Hi* aeal o’erthrown.
 Young Romance raised hi* dreamy eye*,
 O’erhung with paly locks of gold,
 Why amite,” he a*ked in »ad *.urpri*e,
 The (air, the old!”
 Yet louder rang the Strong One’* *troke,
 Yet nearer flashed hi* axe’s gleam;
 Shuddering aud sick of heart I woke,
 As from a dream.
 I looked; aside the du»t-c!oud rolled
 The Wa»ter seemed the Builder too;
 Cpsptinging from the ruin old,
 1 saw the new.
 *Twa* but the ruin of the bad—
 The wasting of ihe wrong and ill,
 Whate’er of good the old time had,
 Was living still-
 Calm grew the brows of him I (eared;
 The frown which awed me |&gt;a*sed away,
 And left behind a smile which cheered,
 Like breaking day.
 Green grew the grain on battle-plain*,
 O’er swarded war-mounds grazed the cow
 Tlie lave stood forging from hi* chains
 The spade and plough.
 Where frowned the fort, pavilions gay,
 And cottage-windows, flower-entwined,
 Looked out upon the peacelul bay
 And hills behind.
 Through vine-wTeatlied cups, with wine
 once red,
 The lights on brimming crystal fell,
 Drawn, sparkling, from the rivulet head
 And mossy well.
 Through prison walla, like heaven-sent hope,
 Fresh breezes blew, and sun-beams strayed,
 And with the idle gallows-rope
 The young child played.
 Where the doomed victim in his cell
 Had counted o’er the weary hours,
 Glad school-girls, answering to the bell,
 Came crowned witli flowers.
 Grown wiser for the lesson given,
 I fear no longer, for I know
 That where the share is deepest driven,
 The liest fruits grow
 The outworn rite, the old abuse,
 The pious fraud transparent grown,
 The Good held captive in the use
 Of Wrong alone—
 These wait (heir doom, from that great law
 Which makes the past time-serve to-day;
 And fresher life the world shall draw
 From their decay.
 Ob’ backward-looking son of time!—
 The new is old, the old is new,
 The cycle of a change sublime
 Still sweeping through-
 So wisely taught the Indian seer;
 Destroying aeva, forming Brahm,
 Who wake by turns Earth’s love and fear,
 Are one the saue-
 As idly as in that old day;
 Tbou mournest, did thy sires repine,
 So, in his time, thy child grown gray,
 Shall sigh for thine.
 Yet, not the less for them or thou,
 Thj eternal step of Progress beats
 To that great anthem, calm aud slow,
 Which God lepeats!
 Take heart! the Waster builds again—
 A charmed life old Goodness hath;
 The tares may perish, but tl*e grain
 Is not for Death!
 God works in all things; all obey
 His first propulsion fiom the night
 Ho! wake and watch! the world is gray
 With morning light’
 RESIGNATION
 BY H. W. LONGFELLOW.
 There is no flock, however watched and tended,
 But one dead lamb is there!
 There is no fireside, howsoe’er defended,
 But has one vacant chair!
 The air is full of farewells to the dying,
 And mournings for the dead;
 The heart of Rachel for her children crying,
 Will not be comforted!
 Let us be patient! these severe afflictions
 Not from the ground arise,
 But oftentimes celestial benedictions
 Assume this daik disguise.
 We see but dimly through the mists and vapors;
 Amid these earthly damps,
 What seem to us but dim funereal taper*,
 May be heaven’s distant lamps
 There is no death! What seems so is transition;
 Thu life of mortal breath
 1* but a suburb of the life Elysean,
 W ho*e portals we call death.
 She is not dead 1 the child of our affection,
 But gone into that school
 Where she no longer needs our poor protection,
 And Christ himself doth rule.
 In that great Cloister’* stillness and seclusion,
 By guardian angels led,
 Salia from temptaliou—safe from sin’* pollution—
 She live* whom we ca-l dead.
 Day after day we think what she i* doing
 In those bright realms of air;
 Ymt after year tier lender thoughts pursuing,
 Behold tier grown more fair.
 Thai do we walk with her and keep unbroken
 The bond which nature gives,
 Thinking that oar remembiance though unspoken,
 May reach her where she livei.
 Hot as a child shall we again behold her;
 For when with raptures wild
 la our embraces we again enfold her,
 She will not be a child;
 Bat a fair maiden in her Father’s mansion,
 Clotlied with celestial grace;
 And beautiful with all the soul’s expansion
 Shall we behold her (ace.
 A*d though at time* im|*toous with emotion
 And anguish long suppressed,
 Th» swelling heart Leave* moaning like the ©COM,
 That cannot be at rest;
 Wo will he patient and asiuago the feeling
 We cannot wholly stay;
 By tPo-** sanctifying, not concealing
 The grief that must hare way.
0 flections.
THE USE OF LEARNING
 BT T. S. ARTHUR.
 ’Tin tired of going to school!* said
 Herbert Allen to William Wheeler, the
 boy who sat next to him, ‘I don’t see
 any great use, for my part, in studying
 geometry, and navigation, and survey
 ing, and mensuration, and the dozen
 other things that I am expected to learn.
 —They’ll never do me any good. I
 am not going to get my living as a
 surveyor, or measurer, or a sea cap
 tain.’
 ‘How are you going to get your liv
 ing, Herbert?’ his young friend asked,
 in a quiet tone, as he looked up in his
 face.
 ‘Why I’m going to learn a trade;
 or at least father says that I am.’
 ‘Andso ami,’ replied W T illiam. ‘And
 yet my father wishes me to learn every
 thing that I can; for he assures me that
 it’ll be useful some time or other in my
 life.’
 ‘I am sure I can’t see what use I’m
 ever going to make, as a saddler, of
 algebra and surveying.’
 ‘Still if we can’t see it Herbert, per
 haps our fathers can, for they are older
 and wiser than we are. And we should
 endeavor to learn simply because they
 wish us to, even if, in everything we
 are exepeted to study, we do not see
 clearly the use.’
 ‘I can’t fee! so, ‘Herbert replied,
 tossing his head,’ ‘and I don’t believe
 that my father sees any more clearly
 than I do, the use of all this.*
 ‘You are wrong to talk so,’ his friend
 said, in a serious tone, ‘I would not
 think as you do for the world. Our
 fathers know what is best for us, and if
 we do not confide in them we shall
 surely go wrong.’
 I am not afraid,* responded Her
 bert, closing the book over which he
 had been poring reluctantly for half an
 hour, in the vain attempt to fix a lesson
 on his unwilling memory; and taking
 some marbles from his pocket, com
 menced amusing himself with them
 from the teacher’s observation.
 William said no more, but turned to
 his lesson with an earnest attention.—
 The difference in the character of the
 two boys is too plainly indicated in oqt
 brief conversation we have recorded, to
 need further illustration. To their
 teacher it was evident, in numerous
 particulars in their conduct, their habits
 and manners. William recited his les
 sons correctly, while Herbert never
 learned a task well. One was always
 punctual at school—the other a loiter
 er by the way. William’s books were
 well taken care of—-Herbert’s soiled,
 torn, disfigured, and broken, externally
 and internally.
 Thus they began life. The one
 obedient, industrious, attentive to the
 precepts of those who were older and
 wiser, and willing to be guided by
 them; the other indolent, and inclined
 to follow the leadings of his own will
 rather than the more experienced
 teachings of others.

 As men at the age of thirty-five, we
 will again present them to the reader.
 —Mr. Wheeler is an intelligent mer
 chant in an active business, while Mr.
 Allen is a journeyman mechanic, poor,
 in embarrassed circumstances, and pos
 sessing but a small share of general
 information.
 ‘How do you do, Mr. Allen?’ said
 the merchant about this time, as the
 latter entered the counting-room of the
 former. The contrast in their appear
 ance w T as very great. The merchant
 was well, and had a cheerful look,
 while the other was poorly clad, and
 seemed sad and dejected.
 ‘I can’t say that I do very well, Mr.
 Wheeler,* the mechanic replied in a
 tone of deep despondency. Work is
 very dull, and wages low, and with so
 large a family as I have, it is tough
 enough to get along under the best cir
 cumstances.’
 ‘I am really sorry to hear you say
 so, Mr. Allen,’ replied the merchant in
 a kind tone; ‘howmuch can you earn a
 w'eek now?’
 ‘lf 1 had steady work, I could earn
 nine or ten dollars a week. But out
 business is very bad, the substitution ol
 steam engines on railroads for horses
 upon turnpikes, has broken in serious
 ly upon the harness making business.
 The consequence is, that I did not av
 erage six dollars a week the year
 round.’
 ‘ls it possible that railroads have
 wrought such a change in your busi
 ness?’
 ‘Yes—the harness making branch
 of it—especially in large cities like this
 where the heavy wagon trade is almosl
 entirely broken up.*
 ‘Did you say that six dollars a week
 were all that you could average?,
 ‘Yes, sir.’
 ‘How large is your family?,
 ‘I have five children, sir.’
 ‘Five children, and only six dollars
 a week?*
 ‘That is all, sir. But six dollars o
 week will not support them, and I an
 in consequence going behindhand.’
 ‘You ought to try to get into some
 other business.’
 ‘But I don’t know any other.*
 The merchant mused for a while,
 and then said, ‘Perhaps I can aid you
 in getting into something better. lam
 President of a newly projected rail
 road, and we are about putting on the
 line a company of engineers, for the
 purpose of surveying and engineering,
 and as you studied these sciences at
 school at the same time that I did, and
 I suppose have still a correct knowl
 edge of both; if so, 1 will use my influ
 ence to have you appointed surveyor.
 Ihe engineer is already chosen, and
 at my desire will give you all requisite
 instructions, until you revive your early
 knowledge of these matters—The
 salary is one hundred dollars a
 month.’
 A shadow still darker than that
 which before rested there, fell upon the
 face of the mechanic.
 ‘Alas! sir,’he said,‘l have not the
 slightest knowledge. It is true I stud
 ied it, or rather pretended to study it
 at school—but it made no permanent
 impression on my mind. I saw no use
 in it then, and am now as ignorant of
 surveying as if I had never taken a les
 son on the eubject.
‘I am very aorry, Mr. Allen, 1 the
 merchant replied in real concern. ‘lf
 you were a good accountant, I might,
 perhaps, get you into a store. hat
 i» your capacity in this respect?’
 ‘I ought to have been a good ac
 countant, sir, for I studied mathemat
 ics long enough; but 1 took little inter
 est in figures, and now, although I was
 for many months at school, and pre
 tended to study book keeping, I am
 utterly incapable of taking charge of a
 set of books.
 ‘Such being the case, Mr. Allen, I
 really do not know what 1 can do with
 you. But stay! I am about sending
 out an assorted cargo to Buenos Ayres,
 and thence round to Callao, and want a
 roan to go as supercargo, who can
 speak the Spanish language. 1 remem
 ber that we studied Spanish together.
 Would you be willing to leave yoifr
 family and go? The wages will be
 $lOO a month.’
 ‘I have forgotten all my Spanish,
 sir. I did not see the use of it while
 at school, and, therefore, it made no im
 pression on my mind.’
 The merchant, really concerned for
 the poor mechanic, again thought of
 some way to serve him. At length he
 said, ‘1 can think of btit one thing that
 you can do, Mr. Allen, and that will
 not be much better than your present
 employment. It is a service for which
 ordinary persons are employed—that
 of chain carrying to the surveyor,
 on the proposed railroad expedi
 tion.’
 ‘What are the wages, sir?’
 ‘s3s a month.’
 ‘And found?’
 ‘Certainly.’
 ‘I will accept’it, sir, thankfully,’ the
 man said. ‘lt will be better than my
 present employment.’
 ‘Then make yourself ready at once,
 for the company will start in a week.’
 ‘I will be ready, sir,’ the poor man
 replied, and then withdrew.
 In a week the company of engineers
 started, and Mr. Allen with them a 9
 chain carrier; when, had he, as a boy,
 taken the advice of his parents and
 friends, and stored up in his memory
 what they wished him to learn, he
 might have filled the surveyor’s office
 at more than double the wages paid
 him as chain carrier. Indeed we can
 not tell how high a position of useful
 ness he might have held, had he im
 proved all the opportunities afforded
 him in youth. But he perceived the
 use of learning too late.
 Children and youth cannot possibly
 know so well as their parents, guardi
 ans, and teachers, what is best Or
 them. Men who are in active contact
 with the world, know that the more ex
 tensive their knowledge on all subjects,
 the more useful they can be to others;
 and the higher and more important use
 to society they are fitted to perform,
 the greater is the return to themselves
 in wealth and honor.
 RICHARD lIOODLESS THE
 HORSE SWIMMER.
 Had the following narrative not ap
 peared in a rnaga^ine—Chamber
 Edingurgh Journal —favorably known
 for its respectability of character, we
 should consider it fabulous. It is
 marvellous, to say the least. It reminds
 one of the fable of Neptune driving his
 chariot over the sea.
 We supposed we had heard of all
 sorts of heroes, but find ourselves to
 have been mistaken. A hero in humble
 life has been made known to us ol
 quite a new order. This brave man,
 by name Richard Hoodless, following
 the occupation of a farmer near Grain
 thrope on the coast of Lincolnshire,
 has for many years been devoting him
 self to the saving of mariners frorr
 drowning, and this without any of the
 usual apparatus for succoring ships ir
 distress. Unaided by such appliances
 and unaccompanied by any living crea
 ture but his horse, Hoodless has beer
 the means of saving many unfortunate
 sailors from perishing amidst the
 waves.
 Cultivating a small piece of ground
 which is, as it were, rescued from the
 sea, and almost cut off from the adja
 cent country by the badness of the
 roads, this remarkable man may be
 said to devote himself to the saving o
 human life. On the approach o
 stormy weather, he mounts to an open
 mg on the top of his dwelling, and there
 pointing his telescope to the tumultu
 ous ocean, watches the approach o
 1 vessels towards the low and dangerom
 shores.—By night or by da/ he ii
 equally ready to perform his self im
 posed duty. A ship is struggling a
 midst the terrible convulsion of waters
 no human aid seems to be at hand; al
 on board give themselves up for lost
 when something is at length seen t&lt;
 leave the shore, and to be making ai
 effort to reach the vessel. Can it b&lt;
 possible? a man on horseback? Yes
 it is Richard Hoodless, coming to th&lt;
 rescue seated on his old nag, an ani
 »nal accustomed to these salt water ex
 cursions! Onward the faithful beas
 swims and plunges, only turning whei
 a wave threatens to engulf him in iti
 bosom. There is something grand it
 the struggle of both horse and roan—
 the spirit of unselfishness eagerly try
 ing to do its work. Success usually
 crowns the exertions of the horse ant
 his rider. The ship is reached; Hood
 less nI? UDts two or three mariners ei
 crovpe, and them to dry land
 returns for another ."‘•talment.
 That a horse could be tra. ne&lt; t(
 these unpleasant and hazardous enter
 prises, may seem somewhat surprising.
 But it appears that in reality no train
 ing is necessary; all depends on the
 skill and firmness of the rider. Hood
 less declares he could manage the most
 unruly horse in the water; for as soon
 as the animal finds that he has lost his
 footing, and is obliged to swim, he be
 comes as obedient to his bridle, as a
 boat to its helm. The same thing is
 observed in this sagacious animal when
 being hoisted to the deck of a ship. He
 struggles vehemently at first against
 his impending fate but the moment his
 feet fairly leave the pier, he is calm
 and motionless, as if knowing that re
 sistance would compromise his safety
 in the erial passage. The only plan
 which our hero adopts is this, when
 meeting a particularly augry surf or
 swell to turn his horse’s head, forward,
 and allow the wave to roll over them.
 Were a horn to face the larger billows.
tad Attempt to pierce them, the water
 would enter hit nostrils, and render him
 breathless, by which be would be soon
 exhausted.
 In the year 1833, Hoodless signa
 lized himself by swimming his horse
 through a stormy sea to the wreck of
 the Hermoine, and saving her crew,
 for which gallant service he afterwards
 received a testimonial from the Royal
 Humane Society. The words of the
 resolution passed by the society on
 this occasion, may be transcribed, for
 they narrate a circumstance worthy of
 being widely known.
 “It was resolved unanimously, that
 the noble courage and humanity dis
 played by R. Hoodless, for the preser
 vation of the crew of the 'Hermoine
 from drowning, when that vessel was
 wrecked near Donna Nook, on the
 coast of Lincolnshire, on the 31st of
 August, 1833, and the praise-worthy
 manner in which he risked his life on
 that occasion, by swimming his horse
 through a heavy sea to the wreck,
 when it was impossible to launch the
 life-boat, has called.forth the lively ad
 miration of the institution, which is
 hereby unanimously adjudged to be
 presented to him at the next ensuing
 anniversary festival.”
 As it may not be generally under
 stood that a horse can be made to per
 form the office of a life-boat; when the
 vessels of that kind could not with safe
 ty be launched, the fact of Hoodless
 performing so many feats in the manner
 described cannot be too widely dis
 seminated. On some occasions, we
 are informed, he swims by himself to
 the wreck, but more usually he goes
 on horseback; and is seldom unsuccess
 ful in his efforts. About two years ago
 he saved the captain of a vessel and
 and his wife, and ten seamen some on
 the back of the horse, and others hang
 ing on by the stirrups, Should a ves
 sel be lying on her beam ends, Hood
 less requires to exercise great caution
 in his approach, in consequence of the
 ropes and rigging concealed in the
 water. On one occasion he experi
 enced much inconvenience on this ac
 count; he had secured two seamen,
 and was attempting to leave the vessel
 for the shore, but the horse could not
 move from the spot. After various in
 effectual plunges, Hoodless discovered
 that the animal was entangled in a rope
 under water. What was to be done?
 The sea was in a tumult, and to dis
 mount was scarcely possible. For
 tunately, he at length picked up the
 rope with his foot, then instantly pull
 ing a knife from his pocket, leaned
 forward into the water, cut the rope—
 no easy task in a stormy sea—and so
 got oft*with safety!
 Probably Innocent.—At a public
 meeting held in Boston for the discus
 sion of “Crime and its Remedies,’’Rev.
 Charles Spear said (we quote from the
 report in the Cronotype,)
 “That since the execution of Goode,
 strong doubts had been raised whethei
 he was the man who struck Harding
 There are two men—seamen —at pres
 ent in the city, who were not far of
 then the deadly blow was |struck,
 They saw the mau who inflicted it bul
 supposing at the time that it was s
 slight street brawl, they did not notice
 it any farther than to recognize the mar
 as a white man. One of these wit
 nesses was horror-stricken when he
 learned, after the executiou, that Goode
 was a black man. Mr. Spear had ar
 interview with the unfortunate man the
 afternoon previous to his execution
 He asked him, solemnly, in view ol
 immediate and certain death: “are yoi
 guilty of the murder of Harding?” He
 declared in the sight of God: “I am a
 perfectly innocent man.”
 Chased by a Locomotive.—The
 following is a “Hoosier’s descrip
 tion of his first sight of a locomotive,
 and his adventures consequent thereon:
 “I came across through the country
 and struck your railroad, and was ply
 ing it about four knots an hour. Now,
 I heard tell about locomotives, but
 never dreamed of seeing one alive and
 kicking; but about two miles from here
 I heard something coming, coughing,
 sneezing and thundering; so I looked
 around.—Sure enough, there she
 comes down after me, pawing the airth
 up, and splitting the air wide open,
 with more smoke and fire flying than
 orto come out of a hundred burning
 mountains. There was a dozen wag
 ons folerin’ arter her, and to save her
 f tarnal black somky noisy neck, she
 couldn’t get clear of them. I don’t
 know whether they scares her up or no,
 but here she come foaming at the
 mouth, with her teeth full of burning
 red coals and she pitched right straight
 at me like a thousand of brick. I
 couldn’t stand it any longer, so I
 wheeled around and broke down the
 road, and began to make gravel fly in
 every direction; uo sooner had I done
 that than she split right after me; and
 every jump I made, she squealed like
 a thousand wild cats! She began to
 gain on me cornin’ up a little hill, but
 we come round a pint to a straight level
 i on the road. Now, thinks I, I’ll gin
 you ginger, a 9 I’m great on a dead
 level; so I pulled to it, and got under
 full speed and then she began to yell
 and cough and stamD, and come on full
 chisel and made the hull airth shake.
 But I kept on before bounding at the
 rate of twenty feet at every step, till I
 got at a turn in the road; and I was
 under such headway that I couldn’t
 turn: so I turned head over heels down
 a bank by a bouse, landed cosmolick
 into a swill barrel, and my feet stuck
 out and up in the air- dust at
 the time the J°comotive found that I
 had got away from it, ll commenced
 spitting hot water iuto me, and just iil*
 erally spattered it all over me; I
 thought in soul that mount Vesuvius
 had busted in aome place in the neigh
 borhood. But do you suppose I stayed
 there long? No, sir! I just walked
 right through that barrel, and came
 out ao quick that it really looked a
 shamed of itself. Now here I aim, a
 real double revolving locomotive Snol
 ly Gloster, ready to attack anything
 but a combination of thunder and
 lightning, smoke, railroad iron, and
 hot water.”
 Two Cold Liquids maze a hot one.
 —Mix four drachms of sulphuric acid,
 (oil of vitrol,) with one drachm of cold
 water, suddenly,in a cup, and the mix
 ture will be nearly hall as hot again
 aa boiling water.
2Ult&gt;tttioctnnilo.
Atyhm for Ike Sick who hare beei eo«-
 ftae4 to their bods fro os 1 to 30 years.
 DR. HA MILTON *3 Hydropathic nod Aayaljtic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Stirrt. opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, "N.Y. This Institution
 u now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyse* every diseas e:bat it
 admitted thera, and applies the natural aad appro
 priate remedy. Although water ia used in rmj way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as thecWy
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his rare.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever heing any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different ports of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated te remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The (ailing of the \Vomb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costivene9s, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet arid Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakilcss and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 ibe above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are bis remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long Iret of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that lie will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all tlie expenses from any part of the United
 States here and hack home again, before he com
 mences the tieatment.and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepiesentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, car. let the proprie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall lie
 duly coi sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing lias ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of ibis Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by othei
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one tc
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day it
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show bv their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 i All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 ortlie proprietor lo meet the above exjienses if,
 1 required.
“Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 TIJST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it i* “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptom* and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for tlie sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily’nractice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties arid doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish on that point all tlie
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12$ cent*.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully girem
 so that one may be recognized from another, to phi
 vent practising iu the dark; also the treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keepser
 in health, together with observations on theircausoe,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and snuc
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for
 male and female.
 The book lias been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-senae style easily to be un
 derstood Ivy every per'on, and bv a practical physi
 cian and a tfiorough botanist. W e can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 publislied at the price.
 Families in the country.and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctor* bill. W'hether well or sick, such a bock
 should lie in eyery house as a safe and sure adviser
 m time of need, the direction given for persons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which tlie book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 Tlie book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only cents to any
 aartofthe United State*.
 OT* Any person sending ux one dollar by mail, and
 pud paying postage on the fetter, shall have four
 copies sent hun fret of postage.
 Send in your orders*, there is no risk in sending
 money by mad, it comes to us daily, and the bucks
 always reach destination.
 OT* Four families can club together ami send a
 foil* have four book* sent to one address
 AN! ED— Agents in mo*t of the Btates to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 earned to tlieir doors. A small capital of from 820
 to 850 will be necessary for each agent. Addiess,
 GEO. W. FIBMER,
 April 1,1848. 9 Rochester, N. Y.
Northampton water cure.
 Elwtricit* amd ll,ili®p®lkv.
 T’HE public are respectfully informed, that since
 A the pluloNpiiicaJ deduction* of (be learned Dr•
 Meant, of Einorv College, Ga., and tkej scieotihc
 experiment* of Mr. Hemmer of England,* hate
 recently and indubitably established die foet, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived b&gt;
 the sense of much, in 1444, are ia harmony with
 natural aad physiological laws —to writ, that the
 human laxly, in a brauiiy condition, is in a potun*
 electrical Halt, and that the electrical emanations
 from the cutur ular surface, indicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease —there is some
 reason to hope, that cartatn physicians, ignorant of
 these principles or natural taws, a knowledge ot
 which is essential to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the healing art, will eease their »ociterations
 against the tobitite electrical state of the
 human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have foiled u» relieve of their complaints,
 from seeking nature’s remedy at the NuiTBAMf.
 tom Water Core. Thus sustained by the light
 of science, the undersigned may be permitted here
 to repent his expencocc, Utt, m kU cmm wfcwt U*
writ*., stomach, or fonts, are in the electro-negative
 condition, the patient is beyond the power of water
 to afford relief On the other band, when the parts
 of the body alluded to, are in the electro-positive j
 state, however disarranged, there it ground to hope
 for a cure.
 Had not the remits of post years’ practice
 already convinced the public of the ’safety or truth- j
 fulness of the principles by which the undersigned is
 governed, in detecting the symptoms and character
 of disease#ami practising the run?, the recent scien
 tific demonstration of their correctness, hy Professor
 Means and Mr. Hemmer, eouM not foil lo convince
 the most incredulous.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for hi* supers* i* A Hydropathic Practi
 tioner, by a discerning public, and the gmtiimle j
 evinced by those whom he has had the pleasure to
 relieve of their complaints, the undersigned will
 assiduously endeavor to sustain the credit, and merit
 that gratitude, in the rase of every invalid who may
 afford him an opportunity to effect a cure, by his
 original anti philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Lure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Beiwonville, on the west hank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, ai*»tit two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with separate parlors, bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, supplied w ith water, which, for
 abundance, purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 Eurposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other esta
 lishment in this country* The scenery in this
 vicinity is picture sque and romantic There are a
 variety of pleasant walks, sufficiently retired, to
 allow water-cure patients to appear a 9 they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their rambles without
 being exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here sucerssfulN
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the hratf,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun-1
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of die bowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a 1
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,!
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms for treatment and board are 35 50 to
 38 50 per week, payable weekly-—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 w ill pay 38 00 per week—on the first and second
 floors, 38 50 per week. Patients requiring extra
 attention or fire in their rooms, (except for swath
 ing purposes,) will furnish their own nurses and fuel,
 or pay an extra price.
 D. RUGGLES.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state,
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer ot
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricitv. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to lie indis
 pensable to the healthful condit' &gt;n of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, is
 ce diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College of
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hy dropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass,
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, anil in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bill
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M, railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged;
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno-,
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left tin-'
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the!
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a!
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,!
 and was continued to the 25tli Oct. only, when she j
 left, so far recovered as to lie able to walk half a J
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she!
 has continued her Oaths, witti corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.,
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol j
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common!
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review,
 The North British Review, the Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood’s Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodi
 cals renders it needles* to say much in tlieir praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, \Y ing, and Radical, Black
 wood and the London (Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North {British Re
 view is more of a r eligious character, having lieen
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. It*
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 estminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publiseed in England under tlie title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 tlie advantage by this combination of unitii giu one
 work tlie best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on tlieir arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being au exact fac-sinalt of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 RIC? 3 FOR 1949, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR tAHfIY.)
 For any ooe of the four Review*, 83 00 per annum-
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 Of)
 For ail four of the Review*, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood it the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payment s to fa made in all cases in advance.
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular tub
 scription for three—tlie fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIER.
 A late arrangement with tlie British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secure, to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 eutire number in the hands of subscribers before am
 portion ol it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and Other advantages wcured to
 oar subscribers we pay so large a consideration,that
 we may be compelled to raise tin? price of tlie Mafa- i
 tine. Tlierefore we repeal “subscribe eariy wfoie
 the price is low.,
 Remittances and communications should la- always
 addressee, po«-t£*d or franked, to the publishers,
 LEONARD BCOTT k CO.
 70 Fulton street, New York.
 YI7ILLIAM B LOGAN, Deafer w Ftshiouabfe
 W Boots and 3hoes, 80, Pmcbast buret, New
 Bedford.
 W. B. L. keep* constantly on haznl a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for rash, fitnrt ain-ntton
 gud to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker and
YI7ARRINGTON’S Dagueman Ualfera, 136.
 VV Main bireel, Kellogg’» Buiklmgs, Hartford
 Connecticut
BOYS* CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 10, Braute Street, having
 made recent additions to his stock, ia prepared to
 furnish BOYS’ CLOTHING, of as good material
 and fa, and at as cheap prices, as can be obtained in
POVERTV:
 ITS ILLEGAL AI SES A!*D LEGAL
 C l RE
 LVSkNPER SPOONS*.
 Ibe Albany Patriot call* it—“ A neat psmpnhlet
 remarkable product,
 Whether all the anticipation* of Mr. Bpooner
 woukl t* realized by .be full wWfoo of hi.
 we do not here .top to enquire; but we heartily com
 mend bis endeavor to the notice of all who IL.
 transparent forcible diction- mtrepid mdepeHrere
 original thought—and entire freedom the rant
 of seet or party Asa judicial w r.t&lt; r he ha. depth
 compa*,. for beyond any one whose productions
 have met our eye in a long time.”
 Hunt’s Merchant’.Magaiine t*y*—“
 in la.kl ami original thought*. The hleg*) rause.
 poverty are stated, ami a number of impr.rmm prop*
 sit ion* hearing on tin* subject laid down, arid,onTim
 whole, we consider it a work well worth studying—
 affording as it does many valuable hints tothe .tares
 man ami politwai economist.”
 The Bangor Gazette says—“ An able ami certain
 lv original w-rk. from the pro of Lyunder Srooner"
 F.sq.—author of that powerful hook which demo;
 stra.es the unconstitutional!.y of American Slaverv
 There is no writer of the age. oflogieal acumen more
 searching than Spooner.,’ This new work is des
 tined to lead to a re examination of all former sys
 tems of political economy.” At first blush hi* eco
 nomical propositions strike ns as sustainable am' it
 they are so, his work w ill prevail, ami produce an
 inqiortant revolution in the present prevailing
 tern. 1
 Every one «hould read it.”
 BELA MARSH, Publisher, Boston.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cents.
Ilarfs Vegetable Extract
 I s only remedy that can lie relied on for the
 permanent cure of Spasmodic Contractions, Irrita
 tion ol the Nerves, Nervous or Sick Headache
 Nervous Tremois, Neuralgic Affections, Genera
 Debility, Deficiency of Nervous n d Musical Ener
 gy, and all Nervous Disorders, including the most
 dreadltil of all diseases that affect the human race——
 Epilepsy, or Felling Sukrf.it. llvsterical Fits,
 Convulsions, Spasms, &amp;c It is well known, that
 from time immemorial, Physicians have pronounce*!
 Epileptic Fits incurable, 'it has boffled all their
 skill, and tlie boasted power of all medicine, and
 consequently thousands have suffered through a mis
 erable existence, and at last yielded up their lives on
 the Altar oj Insanity. —The proprietor of the Veget
 able Extract, however, feels no delicacy in saying
 that it ran be cured, lie would, therefore, respect
 fully invite physician?, and all others who are inter
 ested, to examine the testimony w hicti is here offered.
 If it is deception, let it lie exposed but if it is
 true, then in the name of humanity, no longer let it
 be said that Epilepsy is incurable.
 Heart’s Vegetable Extract.- —For sixteen years,
 lias been tested bv many persons who have suffered
 with this dreadful dissase, and in every case w here
 it has had a fair trial, has effected a permanent
 cure.
 Col. Demdow of Yonkers, New York, states that
 his daughter has been afflicted with Fits for more
 than nine years, and has been cured by the use of
 the Vegetable Extract.
 Mrs. J. Bradey, 115 Orchard street, New York,
 states that she has been subvert to Fits for many
 years, and lias Ixen restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 Vegetable Extract.
 l)r. Charles A. Brown, of Dover, Russell co.
 A lab ania, who is one of tlie best Physicians in the
 State, says that he has been much benefit ted bv tlie
 use of the Vegetable Extract, and that lie unhesitat
 ingly prescribes it in every case of Epilepsy which
 comes under hi* knowledge.
 Curtis G. Mayberry, Esq., formerly Postmaster
 j at Lime Mills, Craw lord Co., Pa., now living in
 Erie Co., Pa., states that for many y—ars pa*t he
 has been sorely afflicted with Fits, and he is now
 happy to state that a persevering use of I)r. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health,
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases.
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry street, New X’ork,
 having used the Vegetable Extract successfully in
 his family, highly recommends it to all persons who
 are afflicted w ith Fits.
 M. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 j and Twenty-Sixth street, New York, states that
 Mr. Chas, 11. Houghton, a member of his family lias
 been so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 j many years, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 I business. Having used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Ex
 i tract (says Mr. l’ratt,) lie was soon restored to
 I perfect health, and left this city for the State ol
 l Ohio to resume liis business.
 Rev. Mr. .Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churen,
 Spotswood, New Jersey, who has been afflicted
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, states
 that he lias used Dr. Hart’s Vegetable Extract, and
 his health lias been ho much improved that he hope*
 by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 Ejnleptic Fits. —Fur twenty-seven years and six
 months, cured by the use of this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read tlie following remarkable case of the son ot
 Win. Secure, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven years and six months j
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting tlie most eminent
 physicians, and expending tor medicine, medical
 treatment and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last,, with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was cured
 by using Hart’s Vgetable Extract. —l have s|&gt;ent
 over three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a lour to Eu
 rope witli him which I did. I first visited England,
 I consulted tlie most eminent physicians there in
 respect to liis case; they examined him ami prescri
 bed accordingly. I remained there three monihs
 without perceiving any change for tlie better, which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that I received
 was their opinion that ihv son case was hopeless,
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I accordingly
 left England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and France, anil returned Some in the month of
 November last, with my son as far from being cured
 a* when 1 left, 1 saw your advertisement in one of
 the New York papers, and concluded to try Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty years standing, and I can assure you 1 am not
 sorry I did so, as by tlie use of Hart’s Vegetable
 Extract alone he was restored to PERFECT
 HEAL I H. His reason, which was so far gone as to
 unfit him for business is entirely restored, with the
 prospect now lielbre him of lit*-, health and useful
 ness. He is now 28 years of age, and 27 year? 6
 months of this time naa been afflicted with this
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good health.
 Now, sir, faith without works 1 don’t believe
 in. lo say I shall be ever grateful to you ia one
 tiling, and as I here enclose you one hundred dollars,
 I have no doubt but you will think this another and
 quite a different thing. The debt of gratitude I still
 owe you; but please accept tins amount ks interest
 on tlie debt in advance.
 Yours, very respectfully,
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to the almost miraculous efficacy of
 this truly wonderful medicine, read the following
 letter from Dr. VV. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of tlie most eminent physicians in that place:
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 1846.
 Brother laborer in die cause of humanity— Dear
 sir: It is with no small degree of pleasure that 1
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triumph
 of your invaluable medicine in ease* of Epilepsy. I
 lieve preseribed it in four instance* in tins vicinity,
 and it lias been highly successful in all. Three o.
 the patients, I usi-i, hate been radically cured.
 ’Pile fourth one is rapidly improving, and wdl, l
 think without doubt recover- I am not in tlie habit
 of prescribing or recommending patent medicines,
 but when I see an artu ie which promise* so much
 for tlie relief of suffering humanity, 1 feel my duty
 to recommend if, ami 1 have no hesitatnii in sav
 ing that as soon as the? lacuily are fully acquainted
 with tlie real merit of your medicine, they will
 close tlieir eyes against prejudice and laud you H
 helping band
 I sulstcribe myself yours, sincerely,
 (Signed] YV. L. MONROE, M. D
 To Dr. 3. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME 13 NOT FAR DISTANT
 When thousand* who are uow trembling under
 the hand of this dreadful disease, amt fearing that
 every attack may prove filial, will find pernume t
 relief and le restored to new life, by using this
 celebrated me&lt;licme.
 OVER ONE THOUSAND CERTIFICATES
 Ha»e letn received m testimony of the Beneficial
 result produced by the use of Dr. Hart’s Vegeta
 ble Extract.
 Prepared by S. HART, M D New York.
 Price, one package $3 00
 Do four packages 10 00
 Ikj eight packages 20 00
 OT- It is aretully packed up in boxes for trans
 |&gt;ortatioo, and :iend to anv part of live l rnted
 States, 1 exas, Mexico, and West Indies.
 I HOMAM It MILS. 169 Main street, Cia-
 CMin.lt 1, Ohio, General Agents for the L lll ted
 States, hi u hoi 11 ail communications must he ad*
 dressed Boat Paid.
 A. B it I). Mantis Corner of Fulton and W iilnmSf
 New York.
 11. D. Waite, Main St. Pauls Rochester,
 E. Hotlidge, 217 Mam street Buffalo,
 H. k E. (say lord, Agent* for Cleveland Ohio,
 Fay It killbournc, Columbus,
 J. GItG. 11 llill, Detroit, Michigan,
 W in. L.'unurnghaiu, Miiiwauku- W is.
 J. R Reed, and f 0., lll.
 Duct. T- Mason, Dubuque Inwa
 ll. Blacks lay, and Co., St. Lmu* Mo.
 And for S»alie by most uf tha principal Druggitt*,
 throughout the Culled State*.
 THOMA 3 h MILLS, Jfitf Main street,
 0«p. a—ly CiiwiMMi.oLt
"
