"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, kmw.
VOL. 11. NO. :{:i.
The NORTH STAR in published every
 Friday, at No. HuHalo Street,
 Ippotit* fkf Arr/idf.
 TKRMS.
 Two dollar |&gt;er annual, aieiyi n a&lt;ivcn r. -No
 •utxu'rijriion will l&gt;e reoriveil lor a le*s term thanj
 ei\ month*.
 Ad»'ei 1 inewint* not exooe ling ten lino* inserted
 hree time* |&lt;&gt;r one dollar; rrer)’ »til»«)iK*irt inser
 tion, twenty-five rent*.
The object of the North Sur will lie to attack
 SutlßT iii all its form* nod a*|wrt*; advocate
 I tiTrßttr Emancipation; exalt the standard
 of IVrlic Morality; promote tlw moral and in
 tellectual improvement of tlw* Colored People;
 Mui hasten tin* day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our Enslaved Fellow Coln-
 TM Ml
PFBUSHERS NOTICES.
 [yY All communications relating to tin* hu*inr*t
 *\at!r~* of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, Ate., should be addressed to John Dick,
 i dblislwr.
 i&gt; Agent*, and all others sending names, are
 r ((nested to lie accurate, and give the Pont
 •he County* and tlw Strut. Each Sulisorifier is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 (0* Any person sending in tlte jiayment for four
 subscribers, to lio forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 ■0- All letters and communications must lie [*nst
 aid.
EIST OF A CENTS.
 Massachusi tts. —K. E. Walnut, 21, Coruhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio W.
 Foster, 1,0 we II; James N. Buffmn, Eyntr, (ieorge
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Charles 11 Seth, Springfield David Buggies,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, 1 pton.
 Maine. —-Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 ri“burg.
 Con n E CTicr t. —Jonathan l.eonard, New Haven
 New Hampshire. —AVeare Tappan, Bradford.
 N'f.w York. —Sydney H. (Jay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James .McCune Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Weslbury, Queen County; Mary Har
 per, Albany Elia.- Doty, Macedon; \V illettc Keese,
 Peru, Clinton County William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancv Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. W’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; (1. W. fioines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittslnirgli; Win. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Rolwrts, Jacob 1.. Paxon, Norris
 town, Montgomery Comity, Milo A. Townsend,
 N ew Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 aon and Caines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vevslmrgh, NVarren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.— Roliert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel I*. Davis, Economy, Wayne Coi
Selections.
Frum tli*' N. y. Trilmii**.
 LAW IN SOLTII-CAROLINA.
 A man named John M. Barrett is
 now in jail at Spartanburg, S. C. on
 suspicion of being an Abolitionist, and
 is quite likely to sutler smartly, under
 the Code Lynch, if some provision in
 the bloody statute-book ot Carolina
 cannot be stretched to roach his case.
 Vet it is not pretended that he has
 been engaged in inciting the Slaves to
 insurrection or flight, nor even that
 he has approached them in any manner
 whatever. But he is accused of hav
 ing had an agency in w hat is far more
 dangerous—in enlightening the n Me
 Non-Slaveholders of South-Carohnu
 with regard to the glaring oppressions
 to which they are subjected by reason
 of the dominance of Slavery—the In
 equality of Representation between the
 strong Slaveholding and comparatively
 non-Slaveholding portions of the State
 —the rigid monopoly ot Office by the
 great Slaveholders—the degraded con
 dition and gloomy prospect of the white
 Kreernen of South-C arolina who do
 not own Slaves, f*c. The letters which
 fully though briefly exhibit this subject
 in its true light were written by a na
 tive of South-t 'arolina, himself tormei
 ly a Slaveholder and thoroughly ac
 quainted with his subject. 1 here is
 no such thing as answering him—the
 only safety ot the Aristocracy is to be
 found in keeping all knowledge of his
 letters form those he addresses. Ol
 course, the South-Carolina journals are
 guiltless of any such ‘incendiarism’ as
 would be involved in their publication.
 Somebody out ol the State has
 strongly desired to bring these letters
 (signed ‘Brutus’) to the knowledge ol
 the class to which they are addressed,
 and, knowing that Mr. Barrett was
 about to travel through the upper part
 of South-Carolina, has requested him
 to drop packages ot the letters (printed,/
 into some specified post-oflices, addres
 sed to various citizens of the State.
 As yet, no particle of evidence has ap
 peared showing that Mr. Barrett knew
 what was in the letters, or that they
 were obnoxious to any party in Caroli
 na. Yet ‘The Spartan’ of a late date
 says:
 “The charge under which he was
 arrested is punishable by twelve
 months’ imprisonment and one thousand
 dollars fine. But he may be indicted
 under the arrest for any crime of which
 the State Attorney may think himself
 able, by competent testimony, to con
 vict the prisoner. 1 here is more than
 a possibility that Barrett may be in
 dicted lor an offense, the penalty ol
 which is dratli, without benefit of cler
 gy; and assuredly, if convicted, all the
 abolitionists in the United States cannot
 save him.”
 But it is not so easy to convict a man
 legally of crime as to threaten it, even
 in South-Carolina, and Slavery has
 tuken another step in its own direction
 at Spartanburg There is in the Post-
 Oflice at that place a letter directed to
 ‘John Kdward Thomson,' which the
 accusers of Mr. Barrett assert was in
 tended for him, or that he has author
 ity to take it from the office. He
 respectfully declines to have anything
 to do with it. They then summon the
 Postmaster to appear in Court us a
 Witness against Barrett, and bring this
 letter to be broken open and used m
 evidence against him.— TUt Spartan
 says:
 “Mr. Legg was arrested and brought
 betore the Magistrate He said in his
 defense that he was a sworn officer of
 'tie Government, and had given hia
 Uond md security for the faithful dis
 charge of hi s duty; that he was not au
THE NORTH STAR.
thorized (o deliver the letter to any one
 but the patty or his agents; that before
 the next Court of Sessions he wai
 bound to forward the letter to the De
 partment in W ashington; that he was
 as w illing as any one to discharge his
 duty to the State ns a good citizen
 that w ith due deference to the dis
 tinguished authority under which the
 Magistrate was acting, he felt himsel:
 compelled to decline delivering up th€
 letter, or to enter into recognizance ex
 cept for his personal appearance. This
 defense, though strictly correct, was
 not deemed satisfactory by the Magis
 trate, who thought that the post-office
 was not intended to enable criminals to
 perfect their scheme of crime with im
 punity, and that, upon a reasonable
 showing, if the post-office contained
 the evidence of some crime perpetrat
 ed, or about to be perpetrated, the
 postmaster, like any private individual,
 w as bound, upon the requisition of the
 State authorities, to produce the evi
 dence.
 “Mr. Legg was therefore committed
 to jail, until he shall have given bond
 and security for his own appearance at
 Court, and the production of the John
 Kdward Thompson letter. By the ad
 vice of Counsel, and in order to re
 lieve himself from his painful and disa
 greeable position, Mr. Legg finally
 complied with the order of the Magis
 trate, and is now under bond to appear
 and produce the letter. Mr Legg’s
 conduct in this whole affair was wholly
 irreproachable and becoming his gene
 ral character. It was firm, temperate,
 and respectful, showing a conscientious
 determination to do his duty, accord
 ing to the best of his knowledge and
 ability both to the State and the Gene
 ral Government.
 “Thus has been made the first fea
 sible issue at law with the General Gov
 ernment. The State must succeed
 while she rt tains her sovereignty, and
 before she will give up that, she will
 give up all that trammels or interferes
 with it. We commend the precedent
 to the Magistracy of South-Carolina,
 and none of them will refuse to ac
 upon it when called upon. They could
 hardly have a higher or more reliable
 authority than the venerable Judge
 Johnson. Self-defense is the first law'
 of Nature, and that law is a part of the
 code of each sovereign State in the
 Union. No law or regulation of the
 General Government can deprive us of
 this inalienable right, nor will we suffer j
 ourselves to be cheated, tricked, or bul
 lied out of it by any human power or!
 form of law.”
 The Charleston Mercury hereupon!
 ‘mixes in’ to the fray in the following
 fashion:
 “The issue raised is this: Have the
 criminal authorities of the State the
 right to compel the attendance of the
 agents of the Post-Office Department
 in this State to bear testimony as to
 any crimes perpetrated through the
 Post-Office against the State, and to
 bring and lay before the Courts any
 letters in their possession proving such
 crimes. The Laws of Congress make
 no provision for the case which has
 arisen, because it never entered into
 the minds of former Administrations
 that the action of the General Govern
 ment could become perilous to the
 safety of a State; that instead of be
 ing a protector and supporter of order
 and law, it should, in any of its branch-,
 es, be used as an instrument of incen
 diaries to carry out their schemes of]
 insurrection and bloodshed. Now, we
 know not what Postmaster Collamer
 may do in the premises. Mr. Kendall, j
 one of his predecessors inoifice, issued a
 circular to the Postmaster in the South
 er n States, directing them not to cir
 culate incendiary publications through
 the Post-Otlice in those States. We
 should suppose that if a Postmaster can j
 suppress a letter or document, hei
 might, for the same reasons which justi
 fy its suppression, carry it into Court,
 in furtherance of the criminal laws of
 a State. But w hether the Postmaster
 General shall pursue this course or
 not, we have no idea that this Stale will
 flinch from protecting itself against the
 flagitious conduct of the Post-Office,
 or its agents, within its limits. If her
 laws are not clear or strong enough for
 her protection, they will be made so.
 if the Federal Government thinks pro-|
 per to attempt to shield its officers with
 privileges and immunities incompatible
 with the peace of the State, let it do so.
 One of two things will occur: they
 will have either to leave the service of
 the General Government, or sutler the
 penalties of our State laws, though life
 itself should be the forfeit.
 “We would put a few questions to
 our readers before closing this subject.
 How comes it that the very first fruits
 of the existing Administration, which
 the South lifted to power, have been
 the vigorous exercise of the only
 branch of the Government which direct
 ly reaches us—the Post-Office Depart
 ment —to assail and overthrow our
 Slave institutions? May not the fact
 that we have Abolitionists in the offices
 of Vice-President of the United States,
 Secretary of the Interior, and Postmas
 ter General, by Southern co-operation,
 lead to the conclusion that the South is
 now ripe for all sorts of Aholition ex
 periments? In the face of these re
 sults, can any true Southerner, who,
 from mistaken viewrs. aided iu produc
 ing them, do otherwise than abandon
 the Administration, and turning his
 back on Taylorism and Abolitionism,
 stand by the South in maintaining her
 rights and honorr
 It is very fortunate that our steam
 1 communication by water between the
 North and the less lunatic South is
 already no neatly perfected that it will
 uot be very luconvenieut to carry the
 Mails around in case South-C arolina
 txpeU them from her soil. It is quit#
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
clear that Mails are very much out of
 place thereon, and it is scarcely proba
 i ble that the disunionists will soon find
 a better excuse for expelling them than
 the present. We should prefer to let
 i things go on as they hare gone, but
 between a rifled, spy-haunted, dog
 eared Mail and none at all we could
 not hesitate—our choice is None. We
 greatly mistake the present Postmaster
 General if he will suffer the law to be
 trampled upon to humor Mr. Barrett’s
 ravening persecutors. If there is any
 law to justify the opening of this let
 ter, of course let the law be obeyed;
 if there is not, (as ‘the Chivalry’ seem
 to cy r let them open it at their
 peril* If Slaverv wi'l make an issue
 with the Law, the sooner it is done the
 more welcome.
 Mr. Barrett, we learn from our
 Western papers, is a highly respecta
 -1 ble citizen of Indiana—a leading Free
 Suiler, but not an Abolitionist. He
 is in a perilous position, from which he
 may never emerge with life, but we
 trust lie will at least preserve his honor
 unsullied. South-Carolina has bullied
 j Northern freemen out of their rights
 at least once too often already.
 From tlie Hyperion.
 ADDRESS TO THE COLORED PEO
 PLE OF THE EJSITED STATES.
 The Hyperion comes before you in a
 large and improved form.
 The publication of the first numbers
 on a small sheet, was an experiment,
 called forth by the belief that we, as a
 people, have a part to act in human his
 tory, and that by no means can we so
 readily find oOt what that part is, as by
 having a common medium of communi
 cation and intercourse between our
 selves, such as it is our purpose to
 make the Hyperion.
 We may be asked some questions
 with regard to our specific objects;
 j and especially whether we might not
 have promoted these better by suppor
 ting existing journals, than by estab
 lishing a new one. In as brief a man
 ner as possible, we shall endeavor to
 satisfy all enquiries of this kiud.
 There are valuable papers in exis
 tence, devoted much to the interests of
 fhe free colored people—and many anti
 slavery periodicals which plead fur
 their humanity and their rights. The
 ground is perhaps well covered, so far
 as it regards our relative social position
 in the Northern States. But it is not
 so, to our apprehension, with respect to
 our wants as a people, among our
 selves. We need In take u broader
 view of our connection in the human
 world—to act upon a broader basis than
 we have been accustomed to —to take
 the facts ofhistory, and by their con
 stant and repeated affirmation in many
 forms, substantiate them in the popular
 mind. Let us state some of the chief
 of these facts:
 We are a division of the human fam
 ily by ourselves. Having nothing to
 do at present with our ancient father
 land, we bok only to the western hem
 isphere; and we find our number to
 fall a little, if any short of twelve mil
 ions of people. According to the best
 authorities, they are distributed thus;
 in the United States and Canada, three
 and a half millions; in the West Indies
 two and a half millions; in Brazil, four
 and a half millions; in other parts of
 the South America, one and a half
 millions. Of this large population,
 about six millions, lying mainly be
 tween the 10th and 38th degrees of
 North latitude, in the West Indies and
 the United States, may be regarded as
 within the range of a common social
 destiny.
 This is an imposing mass; and with
 the rapidity of its growth, we must con
 nect the fact of its gradual and inevita
 ble concentration within narrower lim
 its.
 When we want to speak of wants as
 a people, w e mean this mass of six mil
 lions. It constitutes one half of the Af
 rico-American family. We are that
 family. We are the Africo-American
 People.
 From the Saxon conquest of Eng
 land, came the Anglo Saxon race
 from the American conquest of Africa,
 comes the Africo-Amencan people.
 It is not, now, with us, a question of
 “the tree colored people”—“the Amer
 ican Slave”—“the colored people of
 New Vork or Philadelphia”—but a
 question concerning the Africo-Ameri
 can people, who are to be hereafter u
 nited by a common bond of fraternity
 and interest. We wish to think, to
 to write, and to act for the whole
 mass, and for the future, as well
 as for the present. We wish to culti
 vate the broadest identification of each
 member of the race with the whole, and
 at the same time to guard against that
 narrow spirit of the prejudice of race
 which has wrought so much injury tc
 ourselves. The Anglo-Saxon arogancc
 of superiority over all other division!
 of the human family, and the conse
 quent assumption of despotic powei
 wherever and whenever avarice or am
 bition has required it, is a chapter o
 history, which we desire may never bt
 repeated.
 Our fathers were denationalized
 when they were torn from their native
 shores: but we, their children, are ac
 quiring the powers and the rights of a
 new nationality under circumstances
 highly favorable to me growth of an
 and knowledge. By nationality, w&lt;
 mean, not necessarily to point to an in
 dependent political confederacy, but t&lt;
 equal civil and political rights in a gov
 eminent. It we be asked “to what na
 tiou do you belong?" we may answei
 “to that which protects us in all th&lt;
 rights of citizenship and man.
 Ofthis new territory, we shall be
 come heirs, in the despite of Slavery
 and prejudice. We are marching for
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, AUGUST 10, 1849.
7 ward towards it, with the march of time
 itself. To prepare for it,by discipline,
 education, and labor, is at the same
 ij moment a privilege and a duty,to both
 of w hich we may, and must prove our
 selves equal.
 Oppression is a sore school, but
 i enough has been done by its jupils in
 ages, past and enough among our
 selves, to show that its cruelties cannot
 destroy the love of liberty, nor the ca
 pacity for its right use and enjoyment, j
 It has lowered long over us with its
 dark shadows, and may yet coitinue to
 turn day into night, and life into bitter- 1
 ness; but even in the night see
 the unchanging star of our redemption,
 nnd from thti bitterness of our lot we
 may draw severe instruction.
 To every part of the Africo-American
 race, we owe, and shall maintain, equal
 fraternity. We acknowledge no right
 in one man to denationalize and enslave
 another. Neither shall we respect in
 any way the authority by which such
 outrage is perpetuated All men are
 free by the endowment of God and na
 ture. Chains and stripes and forced
 labor, and human laws can no more
 make a slave, than unjust punishment
 can make guilt, or an undeserved ac
 quittal cleanse from crime. In the Af
 rico-American, we see a man and a
 brother; and as such, we shall council
 him, aid him in extremity, speak for
 him, write for him, and act for him.
 Is this ground too broad? Do some
 I fear that we shall lose our hold of what
 is practicable by aiming at too muchrDo
 they say, that the best wisdom is, to se
 cure all we can for the present, within
 locai reach?
 YVe are not indifferent to this, and
 similar suggestions. It is not our pur
 pose to neglect the local, whilst pursu
 ing the general and the broad—nor to
 sutfer the advantages that may be made
 out of the present, to escape by an ex
 clusive regard towards the future. T e
 well know, it is by the right use of the
 one, that we are to secure the other.
 But our approach is rapid, and near,
 to a new state of things. Twenty-five
 years,w ill well nigh double our number.
 The manhood of our children will find!
 itself in the midst of twelve millions of
 people, over whom, we dare affirm An
 glo Saxon tyranny shall hold doubtful
 sway, if any! It sleeps uneasily on its!
 pillow, now in this country, with but
 one fourth of this number. Spectres
 haunt its sleep, and disturb its waking
 hours.
 If then we are so near to a new state
 of things, is it not time that we should
 be preparing for il? WUiever it mey
 be, it should find us ready, and4here is
 no room for delay. YVe must educate
 our children, cultivate our energies,:
 contrive to organize our social condi-!
 tion, get rid ot our vices and jealousies
 —in short, fathom our resources, and
 know our capacities.
 The Africo-Americans are said to be
 much given to sectional and party
 jealousies. It is the cry of their ene
 mies, that they cannot bear to see
 each other excel in any thing. So far
 as this is a slander, let it go; hut let I
 us profit by the impeachment. Is not:
 this spirit of jealousy, the natural fruit j
 of confineing our thoughts, and feel-
 ings and hopes,to too small a compass?
 Y\ T e may trace it back from the popu
 lar meeting, through the debating cir
 cle, to the clique, and finally to self.
 Selfishness is its root. Now this comes
 of taking narrow view s. It comes ot
 habituating ourselves to acting on a
 small scale, the gradations of which we
 do not extend beyond the local and the
 present.
 YY 7 e have no fire from heaven with
 which to touch the hearts ot our people
 to rouse them from lethargy, and urge
 upon them a preparation for the new
 state upon which they are to enter;
 we can only place before them facts,
 and show inducements, and stimulate
 ambition, that they be not found wan
 ting when the day comes.
 A dark cloud lowered over the Af
 rico-American people, when Texas
 was annexed,as a slave territory to the
 United States. It seemed to envelope
 our future in the deepest gloom of
 midnight. A vast extent of new soil,
 the life blood of slavery, was added to
 the old, to take off its young and vig
 orous victims for increase, and to res
 tore the sceptre of political sovereignty
 to the Southern States. That was a
 dark day which seemed almost to ex
 tinguish hope. —But as the North Star
 beams through the storm clouds, so
 does the flame rekindle in our minds—
 the flame of liberty, fanned into a
 brighter blaze by the winds that sweep
 over the ocean from the great fields of
 Europe.
 The Annexation of I exas connot
 arrest the march of the human family
 towards freedom. It cannot quell the
 rising moral energy of combined na
 tions. It cannotcrush these sentiment of
 Justice in men’s minds It cannot rob
 us of that new nationality to which we
 look, with as sure confidence, as we
 do to the spread of light and knowledge
 throughout the world.
 It is on this spread of light and
 knowledge that wc depend for relief
 and not on the employment of physical
 force. In allusion to recent events in
 Europe we do not wish to be under
 stood as deriving hope and strength
 from the resits of physical conflict there
 or elsewhere. These are but the
 proofs of the spiritual hie that lies be
 neath Whilst we are creatures of pas
 sion and resentment, such results will
 follow the awakening ol man to a con
 sciousness of his suffering, and his
 rights. But meantime the inward
 growth goes on. Truth shed. more
 light, and more love, with every ad
 vancing hour and it &gt;s to light and love
 that our hearts may turn, as the source
 of hope, amidst allj the claatunge of
 outward thing*.
The moral sentiment of the people o
 the United States as a whole is improv
 ing.—The evils of Slavery, its injustice
 its cruelty, and the necessity tor its
 dissolution, become every day more ap
 parent. It arrests the march of civiliz
 ation; it dwarfs,both morally and intel
 lectually, its victim and its minister
 The conviction of this fact spread!
 w ider and w ider. Now is a favorable
 moment for us, to adopt such means o
 I self-improvement, as shall aid to assure
 the world, that we are w orthy of regard
 as a people—that we possess capabili
 -1 ties for government within ourselves,
 and that we are not blind to the marck
 of *-»c«ts that carries iw swiftly o* wa. I
 to that time, when “Ethiopia shall
 j spread abroad her w ings and rejoice/
 It is not necessary now to go into
 special detail of the plans by which we
 hope, in the publication of this Journal,
 to assist our people in the improvement
 of their condition. We prefer to be
 broad and general in our prospectus,
 i leaving the ground open for the adop
 tion and incorporation of the views ol
 others, whose experience, and knowl
 edge may be better than our own.
 Industry, economy, education, intel
 ligence, virtue and usefulness—these
 are the consecutive steps of the laddet
 by which we shall go upward and as-
 I sume among the people of the Earth,
 the “equal station to which the laws ol
 Nature and of Nature’s God entitle us.’
 One of the first measures we shall
 adopt in the pursuance of the genera!
 purpose of our labors, is that of setting
 jon foot a system of enquiry into the
 present condition and w ants of our peo
 ple. We shall hold an open record for
 statistical information, as to the various;
 kinds of employment in which they are
 engaged—the branches of art most cul
 tivated among them; their literary op
 portunities; their associations for mutu
 al support; their schools, churches and
 other institutions; the number, resi
 dence and qualifications of their teach
 ers, and so forth; thus we shall come
 to a knowledge of our resources, and
 be enabled to make the best practical
 use of them for the promotion of the
 general good. In this labor we shall
 need the co-operation of others in all
 J parts of the country; and at the earliest
 possible moment, shall issue a circular
 address to facilate and simpliitiy the
 task.
 Economy is one of the first and indis
 pc-nsible conditions ol prosperity. We
 have reason to fear it is but little observ
 ed by our people. The cruel prejudice
 of color has excluded them from the
 opportunities of saving, which society
 provides for all other classesloflaborers
 —an exclusion which operates injuri
 ously on their morals, as well as on
 their industry.
 With this general sketch of our ob
 jects and principles, we are content to
 take the chances that may befal, of suc
 cess or failhre. No amount af exertion
 or dilligence shall be spared to secure
 the former; and if we fail we shall have
 the consolation ef having employed our
 tallents in a good cause, and of paving
 the way for a more fortunante effort,
 which may prosper at a future day.
EXTRACTS
 From an article in. the Christian Examiner, of July,
 rntitleil Narratives of Fugitive Stares,' by the Rev.
 Ephraim Pkabodv D. D .,of Boston.
 There is nowhere a more settled acd
 bitter detestation of Slavery than is
 sometimes met with at the South. And,
 strange as it may seem, so entangled
 is the w hole subject, so complicated are
 the relations and powers of the several
 States and of the Union, that, though
 the slave may find the most sympathy
 personally at the North, our main hope
 of the abolition of slavery as an insti
 tution depends on the efforts of the
 enemies of slavery at the South.
 If the question, By whom is the work
 to be done? is answered more particu
 larly, it becomes obvious that the bur
 den and heat of the day is not to be
 borne by ‘gentlemen at ease,’ who
 make speeches in I" aneuil Hall or the
 Tabernacle, nor by the members of
 our anti-slavery Societies, nor by any
 persons at the North. They may con
 tribute more or less of aid, but the
 work is to be done, the sacrifices to be
 made, the battle to be fought, by those
 whose homes are in the slave States.
 If slavery is to be removed, it must be,
 at the final stage, through legislative
 action in those States, and over this
 the inhabitants of other States can
 have only a slight and indirect infiuence.
 The great mass of whites
 and blacks are alike unprepared for
 freedom, have both grown up under
 the influences of slave institutions, and
 there is not any method of making such
 fundamental changes in the very con
 stitution of society which does not
 involve perils and immediate evils from
 which a thinking man may not reason
 ably recoil. How, then, are
 we to regard the friends of Freedom
 at the South? For ourselves, we look
 on them with the profoundest interest
 and sympathy. They compose the
 only class of anti-slavery men, whose
 existence is absolutely vital and es
 sential to freedom. Freedom can dis
 pense with the eff&lt;fiit cf others, but nol
 with theirs. On the other
 hand, those in the slave States who are
 desirous of the abolition of slavery are
 not helped by northern abuse. AJI
 loose, uodiscrunmattng denunciations,
 all that rbetoncal reviling which en
 deavors to make a bad and restless
 temper pass for righteous indignation,
 all those careless judgments which
 show either ignorance or disregard of
 facts, interfere with their efforts. They
 have to defend themselves alike against
 the ignorance and mi»judgtnent of the
 North and South. And such is the
 natural weakness of man, that many
 draw from these misjudgmenU an ex
 cum for doing nothing. Whoa they
find that they are classed among man
 stealers and murderers and that the
 least sympathy and the bittrrest denun
 ciations come from those wh« profess to
 be the friends of the slave, but on
 whom none of the sacrifices of freedom
 are to fall, they recoil from any seem
 ing companionship with them, and
 easily acquire a distaste for a cause
 which subjects thera to such unde
 served abuse. It becomes
 the North, at all times ami at all
 hazards, to be faithful to freedom; but
 in doing this, it should remember the
 real position of the South, i here is
 needed, in this great work, not only
 zeal and firmness, hut information,
 justice, kindness, truth; and, so far as
 the North is concerned, what is most
 to be dreaded will come from haste, in
 tolerance, self-conceit, political am
 bition, and a philanthropy which goes
 far enough to be indignant, but which
 will not take the trouble to be just.
 One of the questionable rhings,—whe
 ther it lias or ha 9 not compensating ad
 vantages we do not pretend to say,—
 about the Free Soil party, as a party,
 is, we fear, its tendency to cripple the
 friends of freedom in the slave States.
 We have no doubt that Southern em
 ancipationists are aided and strength
 ened by all discussions at the North
 which show r the evil ot extending slave
 ry over soil now free. There are mul
 titudes at the South, who are ready to
 respond to all arguments for keeping
 those territories free, which, as yet,
 are not cursed by the presence ol
 slavery. But an organized Northern
 party, w’hich, as such, bands itself
 against the South,--and especially if it
 become a mere political party managed
 by, and for the benefit of, political lead
 ers, who have given in their past lives
 no special pledges of regard for free
 dom, —must have a very different re
 sult. It arrays section against section,
 the North against the South, and the
 Southern man who is opposed to slave
 ry feels compelled, by all those social
 instincts which are more powerful than
 our reasonings, to unite with his neigh
 bors against what seems to them all
 the organized aggressions of strangers.
 Of the narratives at the head of
 this article, the first four possess no
 especial interest beyond what must be
 long to the life of almost every fugitive
 slave. They are records of degrada
 tion on the part of both blacks and
 whites, —of suffering and wrong and
 noral corruption. They give, doubt
 ess, a just idea of what slavery is to
 :he slave. But, on the other hand,
 white we have no reason to quß»tio«,
 the truth of particular facts respecting
 individuals, we have no doubt that I hey
 convey an altogether erroneous idea of
 the general character of the masters.
 The best qualities of the masters are
 likely to appear anywhere rather than
 in this connection with the slave. And
 except it be an easy kindness, the
 slave is in up position to estimate aright
 ;he virtues of one who, towards him
 self, appears simply as a power whom
 rie cannot resist. They stand in such
 jtterly false relations to each other,
 hat their whole intercourse must ne
 lessarily he vitiated, and the worst
 qualities of each, and these almost ex
 clusively, must be perpetually forced
 &gt;n the attention of the other. But hu
 nan society could not long exist were
 he great body of slaveholders like
 hose whom these narratives describe.
 The narrative of l)ouglss9 contains
 he life of a superior man. But
 vhileour sympathies go strongly with
 urn, and because they go with him, we
 ire disposed to make a criticism on a
 node of address in which he sometimes
 ndulges himself, which we believe is
 ikely to diminish, notjonly his useful
 iess, but his real influence. We would j
 lot detract from his merits, and we can 1
 easily excuse in him a severity ofjudg-'
 nent and a one-sidedness of view
 ivhich might be inexcusable in another.
 IV e can hardly condemn one who has
 jeen a slave for seeing only the evils
 sf slavery, and for thinking lightly of
 :he difficulty of remedying them; but
 *e have wished, when we have heard
 aim speak, or read what he has writ
 ten, that he might wholly avoid a fault
 from which a natural magnanimity does
 lornething towards saving him, but to
 which he is nevertheless exposed. His
 associates at the North nave been
 among those who are apt to mistake
 violence and extravagance of expres
 sion and denunciation for eloquence;
 —men who, whatever their virtues
 otherwise, are not in the habit of using
 discrimination in their judgment! ol
 men or of measures which they do not
 approva. To him, they have doubt
 leas been true and faithful friends, and
 he naturally adopts their style of
 speech. Butitia a mistaken one, it
 the speaker wishes to sway the judg
 ment of his hearers, and to accomplish
 any practical end. No matter what
 the vehemence of tone or expression,
 whenever a speaker indulges himself
 in violent and unqualified statements,
 and in sweeping denunciations, he not
 only makes it apparent that lie is de
 ficient in a sound and fair judgment,
 but what is worse, he creates in his
 hearers a secret distrust of hts real
 earnestness, a vague feeling that,
 ilt&gt;r all, he is thinking more of his
 speech than of the end for which he
 professes to make it. When men are
 profoundly in earnest, they are not apt
 to be extravagant. The more earnest,
 the more ngidly true. A merchant,
 in discussing the politics of the day,
 about which he knows or cares little,
 freely indulges in loose, extravagant,
 and violent declarations. But follow
 him to his counting-room; let him be
 making inquiries or giving direction*
 about some enterprise which be realty
 has deeply it heart, and the extra*-
 agance is gone. Nothing will an»** r
 fiert but truth, »od tfi« ifuio.
JoHN DICK. Pi tusHi*.
WHOLE NO. 85.
His earnestness makes him calm. It
 is seen in the moderated accuracy, as
 well as in the decision and strength, of
 his statements, K.\	ravag*nce and pas
 sion and rhetorical flourishes might do,
 when nothing which he greatly valued
 was at stake; but here is something
 too serious for trilling. Just so it is in
 other cases. A flippant, extravagant
 speaker, especially if he he gifted with
 the power of sarcasm, will probably
 be listened to and applauded, bat noth
 ing comes ot it. They who applaud
 the most, understand very well that
 this is not Kind ot person'fwhose
 judgment is to be relied on as a guide
 in action. His words are listened to
 with much the same sort of interest
 that is given to the personated passion
 of the theatre. A few sober words
 from a calm, wise, discriminating mind
 are, after all, the ones which are fol
 lowed. Nothing is less effective, for
 any practical end, than the ‘withering
 and scorching’ eloquence with which
 American speeches seem so to abound.
 It conciliates no opponent, and though
 it may light up the momentary pas
 sions, it gives no new strength of con
 viction to the friends of the cause. It
 is the last kind of eloquence to be
 cultivated by those who are heartily in
 earnest in their desire to promote any
 great reform. While upon
 this topic, we will take advantage of
 the opportunity to express our regret
 that there are so many who consider
 Mr. Clay a fitting subject of abuse.
 We have no doubt that their denuncia
 tions of this eminent statesman ars
 very sincere, but it is a mournful fait
 that they can be sincere. In most
 cases, it is hardly possible to retain
 confidence in the good faith of those
 who profess to desire the abolition of
 slavery, and who yet attack Mr. Clay
 with unmeasured virulence, because of
 his recent letter on emancipation.
 While we should be utterly opposed to
 his particular scheme of emancipation,
 we cannot fail to see that Mr. Clay has
 nobly identified himself with the great
 interests of humanity. At this moment,
 he is doing incomparably more for free
 dom than any living man—and we be
 lieve more than all the anti-slavery
 men of the North united. The appetite
 for calumny and denunciation must be
 ravenous and insatiate, which can lead
 those who profess to wish well to the
 cause of freedom to attack Mr. Clay.
 IN TIME OF PEACE PREPARE
 FOR WAR.
 The injunction, “In time of Peace
 prepare for War,” is of Heathen ori
 gin. As a rule of international con
 duct, it is unworthy of an age of
 Christian light. It can be vindicated
 only on two grounds. First, by assum
 ing that the Arbitrament of War is the
 proper agency for deciding controver
 sies between nations, and that tho
 V\ ar System is therefore, to be main
 tained and strengthened,—as the ea
 sentiul means of international justice.
 Or, second, by assuming the rejected
 dogma of an atheist philosopher, Hob
 bes, that war is the natural state of
 man. Whatever may be the infirm
 ities of our passions, all must] perceive
 that that natural state of individuals,
 in which they have the highest hap
 piness. andjto which they tendjby an ir
 resistible heavenly attraction is Peace.
 And this is true of communities and of
 nations, as well as of individuals. The
 proper rule should be, “in time of
 Peace cultivate the arts of Peace.” So
 doing you will render the country
 truly strong and truly great—not by
 arousing the passions of War, not by
 nursing men to the business of blood,
 not by converting the land into a flame
 arsenal, a magazine of gunpowder, or
 an “infernal machine,” all ready to
 explode—but by dedicating its whole
 energies to useful and beneficent
 works.
 The incongruity of this system of
 armed Peace may be illustrated by an
 example. Look into the life of that
 illustrious philosopher, John Locke, and
 you w ill find that in the journala of hi*
 tour through France, describing the
 arches of the amphitheatre at Nisrnts,
 he says, “there is a stone laid about
 twenty inches or two feet square, and
 about six times the length of my sword,
 which was about a philosophic yard
 long.” Who is not struck by the un
 seemliness of the image of the author
 of tho Kssay on tho Human Under
 standing, travelling with a sword by
 his side? but in this he only followed
 the barbarous custom of his time. In
 dividuals then lived in the same rela
 tions towards each other, which now
 characterize nations. The Waf Sya
 tern had not yet entirely retreated from
 municipal law and custom, to find its
 last citadel and temple in the Jawa and
 customs of nations. Do not forget,
 that, at the present moment, our
 own country, the great author, among
 the nations, of a new Kssay on the
 Human Understanding, not only
 travels with a sword by its tide, but
 lives encased in complete armor, bur
 thensorne to its limbs and costly to Us
 treasury. —Charlee Sumner
The Gahdejier Toad.— The let*
 lamented Mr. Bennett, of Woburn,
 was deemed somewhat eccentric, but
 he often had excellent reasons for hi*
 peculiarities. Being one of th« ino*
 successful and enthusiastic horticultu
 rists, he carefully petted a tainily of
 toads in his garden, until he
 having seven generations living. I'no
 venerable parent was a curiosity Ho
 keot them for their services in devour
 r«?bug* end flies, which they d»4
 mast industriously. Give them a cool
 tnd fixed shelter in a c orner, and they
 will pay good rent.
 Giii.ii' kxi&gt; Kntivu^.—Punch asjrs there
 .s frequently snore pleasure m giving a thing
 than receiving it. This applies ruo&lt;e espeo*
 **iiy k&gt; Hwtao*) tdviw, m 4 M*
"
