"Notices.
The Fall Campaign.
 Fmdemck Douonw will visit and lectute
 at the following places
 Tueadat, 4th September, in W f*\ Wal
 worth
 Wedneadsv, ith, at Marion.
 Thursday and Friday, 6th and ?th, a
 Palmvra
 Thursday, Friday and Saturday, 13th, 14th
 and 15th, at Oswego
 Sunday and Moud|v, 16th and I7th, at
 Fulton lllape
 Addition* will be made to this list of ap
 pointments in our next week’s paper
 Our fuoade in these different localities, will
 •ee that suitable airangements are made foi i
 these meetings.
 Anti-Slavery Fair at !*ac«4oa.
 The I.adie» and friend* of the Western N.
 Y. Anti Slavery Society will hold an Anti-
 Slavery Fair in Macedou, N. Y., on Sat
 urday, Aug. 18, 1849., commencing a: 10
 o’clock, A. M.
 The Urge and elegant assortment of Ladies'
 Goods, Trocn England, will he especially
 worthy of attention, consisting of Ladies’
 Collars, Gloves, Armlets, Purses, Handker
 ehiefs. English Landscapes, Portfolios, Ac.
 Th* Ladie* will furnish a Refreshment
 Table.
 AH who would aid to enlighten public sen-!
 timent, remove Prejudice, and hasten the
 Freedom of the Slave, are respectfully invited
 to aitsnd.
Colorphobia on Steamboats. —On Mon
 Jav evening, lf-th ult., Mr Newport F
 Henry and family, (colored; took passage or
 board ilie Steamer Kip Van Winkle, at AI
 btny fur New York. After procuring tickeii
 fv&gt;r the passage, Mrs. Henry repaired to the
 promenade deck, in order to avoid the crowd
 of persons who were then coming on board
 She had scarcelv seated herself when one of
 the hirelings came up to her and in an insult
 mg manner ordered her to go below, saying
 this .i no place for you. Hi 9 mandate was
 respectfully declined until Mr. 11. made his
 appearance upon the promenade deck. See
 ing that all was not light, he inquired what
 the difficulty was, when lie was ordeted to
 go below immediately.
 Mr. Henry then took his family,icturned hit
 tickets to the office, received his money, left
 the boat, and took passage on board the
 steamer Oregon, where he was not insulted,
 but on the contrary kindly treated by the
 officers
 Wo trust that every man of honor and
 light fueling, who shall have the opportunity,
 will give practical proof of his api reciation of
 the disgraceful conduct of the officers of the
 Rip Van Winkle, and the honorable contrast
 given to it bv ihe officers of the Oregon.
 Men who can insult and outrage respectable
 women, on account of their e&lt; mplexion,
 generally have an avenue to their consciences
 through the pocket, if all others are closed,
 and the public cm make an appeal to them
 which they will feel. Such an appeal should
 never be omitted.— Pain. Freeman.
 1 J istick, in Suith-Carolina. —It appears
 that on Friday, the 13th day of July, some
 disturbance occurred among lire negro prison
 ers at the work house in Charleston, S. C.
 The number of colored peisous confined in
 this establishment was .about eighty. They
 seem to have been permited to herd together
 and run at large in the yard, no distinction be
 ing made between those who had been con
 victed of heri'-uB crime*, and tin* mimpr
 •US portion who were temporarily detained fo
 vagabondism and trivial offences. Of course
 under these circumstances,discipline and quie
 subordination could hardly beexpected amon(
 the prisoners. On the day above-named, an
 offiejr attempted to remove a negro womai
 from the work-house, but was resisted by r
 slave named Nicholas, who said she should
 not go, because she was of his family and
 should not be separated from him.
 Other negroes joined Nicholas, and inter
 posed to prevent the removal of the woman.
 A scuffle and light ensued,during which some
 of the party employed by tne authorities, both
 white and coloied persons, were wounded,
 but not dangerously. From the little evidence
 drawn out on the subsequent investigation of
 the aff.nr, it seems, that the number of the
 prisoners prevailed over those attempting to
 maintain order, and that they escaped from
 ihe jail and scattered themselves through the
 towu. Ihe next day a court of magistrates
 and Ireeholders was organized for the trial of
 Nicholas and others of the slaves who had
 been re-captured. Three of them, Nicholas,
 George and John, were found guilty of woun
 ding an officer,and were sentenced to be hang
 ed on I" irday the 2uth, and we suppose the
 sentence was carried into execution on that
 day. —Evening Past.
Latter From California.
 '1 he Steamship C rescent City arrived at
 New York last Fridav evening having left
 Chap res July IG. The news from San Fran
 cisco is to June 20th.
 I litre was no sickness at the mines, and
 everything was quiet. The number of per
 sons at the mines is estimated at 20 to 30,000
 one halt foreigners. Among the home
 bound passengers were six disappointed gold
 seekers, and one gambleT who had realized
 53U.000.
 The new s oi the greatest importance is that
 which relates to the government ot the tern
 tory.—lt seems that Gen. Smith has been
 superseded in ihe chief command by (Jen.
 R ley. That officer on the 3d of June, issued
 his proclamation at Monterey, m which he
 itilormed the inhabitants of the territory, that
 in virtue of his military commission, and com
 mand, and of the orders of the Executive of
 the l.rutod States, he was ;he civil governor
 of California; and that the old Mexican Jaws
 and forms, so far as not inconsistent with the
 united States were in force, and would be
 executed bv him. His instructions, he say*
 roiu the War department, direct hun to ie
 urganiz-at the de facto government and ntfLan
 i C llL 6 lwu!d d,| d existing in vuioe ot
 tie .lexif'an lawt:, and the system of provin
 tiiu government prevail.ng under that repub
 lic, fort Wa i,e lhe proceeds to call the
 ZIZ'Tu I'l Pm a,IS wh,ch he deems best
 c iculated to avoid the embarrassment of the
 present position of Gahturma-Concrcss hav
 ing tailed to legislate for a-and suggests the
 mode of electing such officers ait recogni
 zed by tii. .r,«s now governing the territSry
 among which urea Territorial legislature a
 Superior Court, consisting of four Judges
 and a fiscal, a Prefect, and a s u b i&gt; rt L,'
 »n each district. Al C ades,&amp;c.,andapp oim#
 -th day of August next tor the special election
 of Delegates to a Genual unveuUon, and of
 Officers of the peace.
 The Alto Cahfurnuu ot the I4th*bf j ulie
 contains a proclamation by Gen. Riley, warn
 ing the settlers not to countenance the“LtJ[
 lslature Assembly of the District of San Fran
 cisco,” either “by paying taxes, or bv sup
 porting or abetting the officers of that illegal
 and unauthorized body,” and calls upon ail
 ffood caucus to assist m ‘‘restoring to ih» u
 awful keeper,” the public records of the
 District of San Francisco, which were “for
 cibly taken, from the custody of the First
 Alcade of -aid District. The same paper
 condemns the terms ot Gen. Riley's proclama
 tion, and defends the action of the Legis
 lative .Assembly alluded to.
 lire latter body as the “San Francisco
 Assembly, have published an address, which
 covera a page of paper, and calla on the peo
 ple to act promptly for therusgjve* in the or
 ganization of a regular State- government.
 J hey are aow without aaiy government, a
mixed imm of human beings from all regiooa
 and of alt tongues and habits, impelled by the
 pome feverish desire of fortune making. The
 United States has assumed the right to tax
 them, not only without giving them any gov
 ernment at ali,making them bear the burthens
 of the Union wit lout enjoying its benefits,thus
 violating in them the first principles of free
 dom. Thereby Congress has so to say, abdi
 cated its authority to control them, and
 thrown then back on their natural rights, e*»
 pecially on the right of instituting a gove fit
 ment.
 In this emergency what sort of a govern
 ment can they set up which wil be in accor
 dance with the United States Constitution,
 and violate no duty to their beloved country
 or her institution* It is not necessary they
 should pass through a territorial administra
 tion in order to become a State. Texas did
 not. And for population they certainly will
 have enough aefore the meeting of Congresa.
 By organizing a State government they may
 also settle “a great and harassing political
 question in the United States,” which must
 certainly defeat 1 territorial organization for
 a long wrae. That question California has
 to settle for herself, and the sooner the bet
 ter
 The Assembly accordingly lecommends a
 Convention of twelve delegates from each dis
 trict, to be held at San Jose on the third Mon
 day in August next, for the purpose ot framing
 a State Constitution and setting it in opera
 tion. And til) the new government is adopt
 ed,the people arc advised to keeplheir district
 organisation.
 The Alto Californian of the 20th of June
 contains a circular, issued L&gt;r men
 tioned committee, in which, for the sake of se
 curing unanimity of action but without
 recognizing the least power as a matter of
 right, in Brevet Brigadier General Riley to
 appoint a time and a place for the election
 of delegates, and the assembling of the Con
 vention” —they recommend thef time for the
 elections appointed by that officer. The com
 mittee condemn the appointment of delegates
 made by Gen. Riley, and virtually disregard
 his declaration on tint point.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST 10, 1849
The Ladies of the Rochester Anti-Slavery
 Sewing Circle arc invited to meet at the
 house ot Frederick Douglass, Alexander-st.,
 on Thursday next, at 3 o'clock, P. M.
Narratives oi Fugitive Slave*. By the
 Rev. Ephraim Peabody
 Since the publication of the last North
 Star, we have received a copy of the Chris
 tian Examiner and Religious Miscellany,”
 containing the article from the pen of Mi.
 I Peabody, upon extracts from which we
 commented last week. We have read the
 article, and find nothing in it to alter the
 opinion we then expressed, except that we
 must give its authoi credit for a deeper sym
 pathy with the slave, and a clearer perception
 of the evils of slavery than w r aa evinced in
 the extracts to which we made reference.—
 We have no doubt that much of the mist and
 darkness by which he is now enveloped, as to
 the means ot getting rid of slavery, will dis
 appear in proportion as he contemplates the
 monster evils of the system. We thank him
 I sincerely for his eloquent and powerful por
 traiture of the horrors of the internal slave
 trade, and foi his exposure of the miseries
 which it inflicts, not only upon the individual
 slave, but upon the whole slave population.—
 ■lt will certainly be of service to the anli-sla
 r very cause, and create an inteiest lor the
 bondman hi a quarter hitherto unpenetrated by
 j anti-slavery effort. We respectfully solicit a
 continuance of his labors ih this department.
 i —F. D.
Proposition
 j To abolish the Colored Schools and to repeat
 the ordinance for excluding Colored childrer
 from the District Schools in Rochester.
 The following Report of the regular meet
 ing of the Board of Education is taken frorr
 the Daily Magnet of August 7th:
 The regular meeting of the Board ofEdu
 cation was held last evening, at the Citj
 Hall,and having a leisure moment on oui
 hand's, we dropt in. After the transaction o
 some unimpoitant business, Hitam C. Smith,
 Esq., from the Committee on Colored Schools
 made an able report on the subject, which
 we trust will be extensively published and
 read. The committee say we may as well
 make the religious sentiments of the parents,
 or the physical organization of the children,
 a test for admission, as the color of the skin
 They concluded the report by a resolution
 declaring it inexpedient to establish anothei
 colored school, to be located on the east side
 of the river; recommended that the school
 on North Washington-street be discontinued
 and that the ordinance forbidding the admis
 sion of colored children into our dist irci
 school*, be repealed. The report canvasses
 the whole ground in an able manner, but as
 it is to be published, we refrain from attempt
 ing a synopsis.
 After the reading of the report, Mr. Ams
 den made a few* remarks, stating that it did
 not exactly suit his views, but hoped that
 some compromise ground might be taken, and
 suggested a modification of the recommeuda
 non, by which the colored children should be
 admitted by consent of the Trustees.
 Mr. Smith defended the positions of the re
 port in an able manner, and was followed by
 Mr Hatch in support of it.
 Mr. Quinn said it was an able report, but
 thought it did not originate in the board. A
 proposition was now being urged to classify
 the public schools, put the girls and boys ol
 the same studies and capacity together, and
 no citizen would want a colored boy sitting
 in school beside his daughter. For one he
 could not vote for abolishing the present sys
 tem now.
 The wl o’e subject was finally deferred un
 til the next regular meeting, on motion of Mr.
 Parsons.
 Mr. Porter, from the Committee on Clasifi
 cation make a report recommending the adop
 tion of a system of classification founded up
 on capacity and advancement alone, without
 regard to sex. The recommendation was ad
 opted.
 l hi* ts certainly an important movement,
 and should meat with the warmest encour
 agement ot the Rochester prcea. iCtr. Smith
 has done himself high honor in taking the
 lead in a measure so just and wise, and yet so
 unpopular W e have not seen hia report;
 but aa it is to be published, we hope to be
 able to lay it before our readers in our next
 week s papei. R u high time that this un
 christian and sou-democratic distinction in our
 district school was abolished. The pride and
 prejudice which it fosters, are fraught with
 untold injuries upon the most helpless and
 least protected portion of the community
 e shall have more to say on this eubjact an
 other time.— f. a.
Ihi lxfAßtiAj. Citizen.— Mr. Ward j
 earnestly endeavoring to argue slavery out
 of the American Constitution but as be
 brings no new light to the subject, and all hie
 arguments have been triumphantly refuted, he
 must excuse ua from making any reply. The
 paper is much improved in its aoe and typo
 graphical execution. —r, v,
Tfc* I nioaofthe Oppressed for tk« take
 •f Freedom.
 l
 We have placed this rootto at the head of
 oat editorial column, not as a rhetotical flour
 ish, nor as something to catch the eye for a
 moment, and then lobe withdrawn, bat at ao
 important and solid end to be attained. Much
 has been said about uniting the free colored
 people m a general organization for opposing
 alarery and improving their own condition
 but as yet all efforts haTe been unsuccessful.
 We hare been, and still are a divided and
 •entered people; and, in consequence,we have
 not distinguished ourselves by doing much for
 our elevation and improvement. It has ever
 I* been the policy of our enemies to divide us,
 and to create jealousies among ua, and thus
 to render union as difficult as possible. Tbey
 well understand that we are more easily man
 aged and viotimized, while disunited, than
 we could be if protected by a bond of union.
 We are now without this protection. We
 have no general understanding among our
 selves, and the question foi every colored man
 to answer, is, Shall we have it f Different
 answers w ill undoubtedly be returned to this
 questiou. Some will say, with our oppress
 ors, tnat any general union among us is out of
 the question that, as a class, we are too ig
 norant, and too suspicious of each other, to
 organize ourselves iu a comprehensive man
 ner for prosecuting any important measure, or
 for achieving any great purpose whatsoever.
 It will be contended, that we are too indifferent
 to our condition, and too well satisfied with
 our degradation, to rally in behalf of our own
 rights. Such will be the gloomy apprehen
 sions of the faithless many among out selves.
 Incapable of doing anything towards bettering
 their own condition, they are ever ready,with
 their doubts and fears, to discourage others.
 Against all piecedents—against all luke
 waimness —against all doubts and fears, we
 believe that the oppressed colored population
 of this country can and will be largely and
 effectively united; and, single handed, we
 mean to bend our energies to this end, until
 I we are convinced of its hopelessness or grati-
 I fied by its success.
 As a means of having something definite
 before our people, we take the liberty to sub
 mit the rough outlines of a constitution, or a
 basis of Union, which may serve the betterto
 j illustrate our subject and facilitate our object.
 PREAMBLE.
 Whereas, the voice of reason, and the ad
 moni.ions of experience, in all ages alike, im
 press us with the w i9dom and the necessity of
 I combination; and that union and concert of
 action aie highly essential to the speedy sue
 cess of any good cause; that as in division
 there is weakness, so in union there is strength:
 1 and whereas, we have long deplored the dis
 tracted and divided state of the oppressed,
 and the manifold evils resulting therefrom,
 and desiring as we do to see an union formed
 which shall enable us the better to grapple
 with the various systems of injustice and
 wrong by which we are environed, and to re'
 I gain our plundered rights, we solemnly agree
 to unite in accordance with the following
 CONSTITUTION.
 Article i.—This Society shall be desig
 nated, “The National League.”
 ARTiet* 2.—The sentimema of the Society
 are, that slavery is a heinous sin against Goc
 —a monstrous outrage upon man—a fruitfu
 source of pride, prejudice and oppression; anc
 that it ought to be immediately and forevei
 abolished; that resistance to slavery is the
 right and duly of every member of the humar
 family that, of all other men, it is especiallj
 the right and duty of the oppressed to vindi
 cate their own rights; that, if they are indif
 ferent to their condition, it is idle to hope tha
 others will be interested for them that to be
 worthy of human freedom, we should seel
 to attain it; that the best evidence of 3 man’s
 fitness for social equality, is to make the besi
 use of his civil rights; that no people evei
 obtained their freedom worthily that did noi
 manifest a willingness to make sacrifices ir
 reaching that end.
 Article 3.— The object of the National
 League shall be, the abolition of slavery, anc
 i the elevation and improvement of the free
 colored people of the United States.
 I Article 4. The Society will seek to at
 j tain these objects by means of lectures and the
 t press, and all other means w ithin their power,
 consistent with Christian morality.
 Article s.—The officers of this Society
 shall consist of a President, Vice President
 Secreiaiy, Treasurer, and a Council of nine
 Article 6.—lt shall be the duty of tht
 President, (arid in his absence, of the Vice
 j President,) to preside at all the meetings oi
 ihe Society, aud to sign all public documents
 1 emanating from the Council or from the So
 ciety. It shall be the duty of the Council, ir
 j connection with the President and other offi
 cersof the National League,to meet four time*
 a year, w ith a view to consider the best mean*
 I ol piornoting the objects of the Society, anc
 j to re P ort their proceedings in all the news,
 j P a P erß published by colored persons in this
 country. The Secretary shall keep an ac
 j curate record of the names and residences ol
 ail “embers of the Society, as well as a faith
 I ful transcript of the proceedings of the vari
 ous meetings which shall be held. He shal
 also keep a faithful account of ail donations
 received by the association. The Treasure)
 shad reoeive ail donations, aud hold the same
 for the disposal of the Society. His accounts
 shall always be subject to the examination 01
 the Society, and he shall also make an annual
 report oi the receipts am] expenditures during
 the year
 Article i. It shall be the duty of the
 j President, in connection with the other officers
 d the Society, to prepare and publish a call
 j for convening the Society either in New York
 J or Philadelphia, during the month of Septem
 ber in each year.
 Article b. Ih e officers shall be elected
 annually by the delegates from the branch so
 cieties assembled in general convention.
 Article 9—Societies may be formed aux
 iliary to the National Society, by adopting
 constitutions m harmony with that of the par
 ent Society.
 Article 10. Persons may become mem
 bers of such auxiliary societies, by subaenbing
 to tbeir constitutions, and by paying into the
 treasury fifty cents per annum.
 Article ll.—The branch societies com
 bined, as represented by their delegates in
 general convention, ltuli constitute the Na
 tional League.
 Abticlx 12.—. The funds of all tbs branch
 societies efatll b, forwarded a,tonally 10 the
Treasurer of the National Lea&lt;ru*. These
 associations shall keep the Council of the Na
 tional League informed of all tbsir public
 moTemenis, atd the former shall elect one or
 more delegate* to attend each annual meeting
 of the Nitiotal League, and shall furnish
 each delegate with a certißeats of his elec
 tion.
 Aeticle 13.—The rules which shall gov
 em the meetings of this Society, shall be
 those usually adopted by deliberative assem
 blies
 Article 14.—Amendments of this Coo.
 stitution cat be made at any of its annual
 meetings, bj a vote of two-thirds of the dele
 gates to the same provided, that notice be
 given of sich amendments, three months pre
 vious, either to the Council in writing or thro’
 the medium of newspapers published by col
 ored persons.
 We msy remark, that this constitution is
 merely thsown out as a means of directing at
 tention to the subject of union. It makes no
 attempt at perfection nor do we propose to
 insist upon its adoplion, in its present form
 but we present it to the consideration of our
 people, as a means of leading them to adopt
 something better.
 We shall be happy to receive any commu
 nications on the subject; and as we anticipate
 that roany may wish to make their sentiments
 known, we would recommend ttatviTY to all
 who may write for the North Star. The'
 subject is one of vital concern to us all, and i
 should receive our most serious and earnest
 attention.—f. d.
The Lynn Pioneer and Herald of
 Freedom.
 Our old friend, Bradburn, in his accustomed
 spirit, his come to the rescue of Mr. Garnet,
 and defends him from ihe animadversions
 upon his conduct, made in the North Star
 two weeks ago. We are not disposed to en
 ter the irena with one so skilled in the use of
 certain weapons as ihe editor ot the Pioneer.
 We cannot meet him on his own grounds.—
 Should we do so, we are sure that, how vic
 torious soever we might be, the clothes worn
 in battle would be rendered useless forever af
 terwards; but we must venture a few words, j
 even at this hazard, on his defence of Mr.&lt;
 Garnet.
 In answer to the charge we prefeired against
 Mr. Garnet, as having no faith in moral!
 means for the overthrow of slavery, and as
 believing that the sword is the only successful!
 instrument for its abolition, Mr. Bradburn
 comments as follows:
 If Mr. Garnet has so declared himself,
 then, we are happy to know, that Mr. Gar
 net’s practice is better than his faith, in that
 tegard for, to our certain knowledge, he
 has been, during these many years past, busily
 plying moral means for the abolishment of
 slavery. And we do not understand him to
 differ at all, in respect of the matter in ques
 tion, from Charles Lenox Remond, who, in
 the same number of the Star in which the
 former is bo flagellated, is very justly lauded
 as a talented and eloquent advocate of equal
 rights. We have heard Mr. Remond,
 “again and again,” advocate the right of the
 slaves to serve their masters just as our revo
 lutionary fathers served their English op
 pressors. Ellis Gray Loring, we remember,
 in one instance, felt it to be his duty to pub
 lish a disclaimer of all sympathy, as a mem
 ber of the American A. S. S., with that sen
 timent of our friend Remonil’a
It is Surprising that one so straightforward
 ,as Mr Bradburn, should attempt to disguise
 J an inconsistency so glaring as the one in ques
 tion. We maintain now, as we didin the
 article to which he takes exception, that Mr.
 Garnet has repeatedly held up moral suasion
 not only as abortive, but as contemptible; and
 that for such a man to assume, at any time,
 to be a champion for the abolition of slavery
 by moral means, is proof of hollowness and
 hypocrisy. He believes in the sword, but
 carefully abstains from the use of it; he con
 demns moral force, and appeals to it for suc
 cess when it suits him. When in Zion
 Chuich, New York, he makes capital among
 the colored people, by avowing his faith in
 the sword; —when among more enlightened
 reformers, he makes his appeal to public opin
 ion. Such a course of double-dealing proves
 him to be an unprincipled man.
 Mr Bradburn attempts to confound the po
 sition of Mr. Garnet with that of Mr. Re
 mond, and in this shows that he knows little
 about either. It is one thing to assert the
 right of a slave to gain his freedom by force,
 jand another thing to advocate force as the
 only means of abolishing slavery. We un- 1
 derstand Mr. Remond to assert the former— i
 but to deny the latter as iirmly as we do.—
 All that Mr. Biadburn says in justification of
 a slave insurrection, on the ground that it is
 consistent with the conduct of the revolution
 ary patriots, we have said, and do now say;
 this, however, is no authority With re
 formers. We contend that the only well
 grounded hope of the slave for emancipation,
 is in the operation of moia! force.
 Mr. Bradburn, having disposed of our ob
 jections to Mr. Garnet, with a marked love of;
 good English, tries to mend our grammar, but
 with as little success as his attempt to wipe'
 out the inconsistencies of Mr. Garnet. The
 sentence in our article, ending, “either by!
 precept or example,” .be amends so as to
 &gt;read, either by precept or by example.”—
 We have consulted no authority as to the
 necessity of Mr. Bradburn's amendment, but
 shall accept it as a correction, until we are
 corrected by higher authority, if there be any
 such m (he country or out of it. A second
 amendment is in that sentence saying, the
 pariy who has invited him to England,” Mr.
 Bradburn corrects by inserting the word
 “which" after parly, instead of who.”—
 He seems not to know, with ail hia acquaint
 ance wuh good English, that the term jnrty
 may be as correctly applied to one individual
 as to a body of persons; and in this instance
 it was so applied. Therefore, while we ac
 cept of one of Mr. Bradburn’s amendments,
 we insist that he should thank us for exposing
 one of his blunders.— F. d.
To Correspondents.
 Rev. Saucel J. Mav bn our cordial
 thanks for the parcel receded Wednesday
 last. The Anu-Slarery Scrap Book shall be
 oade useful io the extent of our power
 Hie next f»» 0 r we solicit of our friend May,
 will be, ao Anti-Slavery riait to Rochester.
 C. H., Fulton, shall bear from os soon.
 His letter breathes the right spirit.
 S. M —Hi* directions will be attended to.
 —r. o.
Fa TMLk Miituw is mil engaged to ad*
 “““•••Bog the pledge id Boston He ha»
 okuMd w the whole eo®e 18,000 pledges.
First of Attest (ele trillion at Buffalo.
 On Wednesday Morning August Ist, pur
 suant to preT.ee» notice, the Committee of
 arrangements, strangers, and cititens in gene
 ral met at the Michigan Street Baptist
 Church, between the hours of nine and ten
 o’clock A. M when the meeting was called
 to order by the Secretary, who announced
 that in consequence of sudden illness, the
 President of the day would not be able to
 discharge the official duties decoding upon
 him. \Y hereupon on motion, IftNav Biaa
 Esq, of Michigan was called upon to preside.
 1 he President on assuming the Chair made a
 few brief and pertinent remarks; when, on
 motion, Messrs ('has. Lenox Remomd of
 Massachusetts, David J. Peck M. D. of
 Pennsylvania, Georoe W. Tucker of Michi
 gan, and John YV. Ellis of this place, were
 appointed N ice President#. After reading the
 call for the celebration which was heartily res
 ponded to, on motion a Committee of three
 consisting of Messrs. Franc is of N. V.
 Tucker, of Mich gan and Peck, of Pennsyl
 vania were appointed to designate the place
 for the next celebration, to report prior to ad
 journment. The Committee alter a short
 absence returned and reported that in view' of
 the disadvantages under which the Committee
 of management have labored in consequence
 of that dreadful scourge the Cholera pervad
 ing over midst at the present time—thereby
 preventing the attendance of large numbers
 who would otherwise be present, they would
 recommend that the next celebration to be
 held August Ist 1850,should beheld in the
 city of Buffalo. On motion,
 Resolved, That the report of the Com
 mittee be adopted.
 It being formally announced that the Rev.
 Hcnrv Highland Garnet who had been
 published as one of the Orators of the day,
 would not be present, it was on motion
 unanimously Resolved, That the Correspon
 dence between Mr. Garnet and the Com
 mittee should be read. The correspondence
 being read, produced satisfactory evidence of
 Mr. Garnet’s unfaithfulness to his pledge
 and his wanton disregard of his moral and
 legal obligation. Hts letters fully and ex
 plicitly setting forth that “if life lusted
 or Providence permitted, he w'ould be in Buf
 falo at the appointed time.”
 The Preliminary business being disposed
 of, the meeting adjourned t(f form into pro
 cession in front of the Chiyrch.
 At eleven o’clock the Grand Matshal,
 Benjamin F. Goury, assisted by his Staff,
 gave orders for the procession to form which
 was done under his direction agreeably to
 the order of arrangement, the entiie proces
 sion forming with carriages from which were
 displayed beautiful and appropriate Banners,
 presenting a grand and imposing spectacle.
 The procession moved under a splendid Brass
 Band through the principal streets of our
 city, to Judge Bennett’s Park where the fol
 lowing exercises were had.
 1. —Song of the Free.
 2. —Prayer, by the Rev George Weir.
 3. —Remarks by the President of the Day.
 4. —Solo and Chorus.
 5. —Reading the Act ol Emancipation, by
 George Weir, Jr.
 6. —Ode, written for the occasion, words
 by J. M. Whitfield.
 Music byG. W. Clark.
 From bright West Indies’ sunny sea*,
 Comes, bor. e upon the balmy breete,
 The joyous shout, the gladsome tone,
 Long in those bloody isles unknown;
 Bearing across the heaving wave
 The song of the unfettered slave.
 No charging squadrons shook the ground,
 YVlien freedom here her claims obtained
 No cannon with tremendous sound,
 The noble patriots’ cause maintained
 No furious battle charger neighed,
 No brother fell by brother’s blade.
 None of those desperate scenes of strile,
 Which mark the warrior’s proud career;
 The awful waste of human idle,
 Have ever been enacted here;
 But truth and justice spoke from heaven,
 And slavery’s galling chain was riven.
 Tvvas moral force which broke the chain,
 That bound eight hundred thousand men;
 And when we see it snapped in twain,
 Shall we not join in praises then,
 And prayers unto Almighty God,
 Who smote to earth the tyrant’2 rod 1
 And from those islands of the sea,
 l iie scenes of blood, and crime, and wrong,
 The glorious anthem of the free,
 Now swells in mighty chorus strong,
 Telling th’ oppressed where ei they roam,
 Those islands now are freedom’s home.
 7. Oration, by Abner H Francis, of Buf
 falo.
 8. —Music by the Band.
 9. —Oration, by Rev. Amos G. Bentan, of
 N ew Haven, Conn.
 10. —Song, “Be free oh man be free.”
 11. —Benediction.
 At the Close of the exerceves the following
 were oflerred and unanimously adopted
 Resolved, That a motion of thanks be and
 hereby is tendered to Messrs. Francis and
 Beman, for the able and highly interesting
 Orations to which we have had the honor ol
 listening upon this Occasion.
 Resolved, That a motion of thanks be
 and hereby is tendered to the Hon. Phii
 lander Bennett for his kindness and
 liberality in gratuitously granting us the
 use of the splendid Grove in which we have
 been permuted so peaceably to assemble upon
 this occasion.
 Resolved, That a copy of the addresses
 together with the proceedings be published
 in the North .Star and such other papers as
 will publish the same, and also in pamphlet
 form.
 After which the meeting adjourned to par
 take of a splendid dinner served up in the
 grove. The dinner was served up in the
 best style by Messrs. Barker and Jarvis
 After dinner the following toasts were of
 fered and each one responded to by three
 hearty cheeia or thiee times three, with a sip
 of pure cold water
 Regular Toasts.
 Ist. The event vet celefjratc —ordamed by
 God, sanctified by Jesus Christ and approved
 by the good and virtuous.
 sind. The first of August —Dear 10 the
 heart of every Christian and philanthropist as
 the peaceful birthday of civil and religious
 Liberty to eight hundred thousand human be
 ings in the \\m India Islands.
 3d. Universal freedom the birthright of all,
 the only safe-guard to a Nation’s welfare,
 greatness, and glory.
 4ih. The act of British West India Em
 ancipation an instrument worthy the head sod
 hearts of the Noble Council of the wise men
 from whom it einauated pure, free, and ex
 alted. A model for the World.
 &amp;h- May the aun of liberty which has so
 gloriously arisen upon ibe British Isles, con
 tinue to abrne with increasing splendor until
 it* rays shall illuminate the moat remote cor
 ners of the earth.
 &amp;th. The memory of Claseson, YVilses
 aoaca and O’Cc.nnku., friends to the cause ol
 freedom m every land, may their virtues never
lack imitator*, their talent* admirers, nor their
 principle advocate*, while a vestige of op
 pression remain* to curse the earth
 7th. The Declaration of American inde
 pendence the first promulgation of the theory
 of aJI men’a right to life, liberty and the
 pursuit of happiness. And the act of British
 W eat India Emancipation, the fust reduction
 1 of that theory to practice.
 Bth. Liberty F/uahty Fraternity lie
 I trinity of principle* which form the basis of
 I all righteous civil Governments.
 1 9lb Our brethren i?i Ixmtft. —May we re
 member them as being bound with them.
 10th. Our Country at al! times —to sustain
 her when right and to right her when wrong.
 oli’ntecr Toasts.
 By A. H. Francis F.nglaud and Ameri
 ca-—The former has seen Julius Caesar, and
 all the Caesars pa«s away as a dream while
 she remains unmoved by receding nations
 around her, while from the banks of the
 Ganges to the mountains of ihe Moon the
 story of her piowess and valoer echoes back
 her greatness. Nevertheless, let American
 Slavery be abolished, and all in truth receive
 what the declaration of independence declares,
 and America, in deed and in truth, will be
 greater than she.
 By John T. Hii.ton of Massachusetts—
 William L. Garrison —the first in America
 who pledged his life, property, and sarred
 honor in the cause of the slave.
 By A. H. Francis, The Ladas— the
 almoners of the tace of man, superior to the
 opposite sex in all the offices of benevoienee
 andikindness, fully moral, mental and
 intellectual endow meats, in short, entitled to
 an equal participant in all the designs and
 accomplishments allotted to man during hi*
 career on earth. May the accumulated ev il*
 of the past, and those of the present, which
 superstition and bigotry have prescribed for
 them as a test of inferiority, be buried forever.
 By Geoge H. *1 ucker of Michigan—The
 Star spangled Banner that flourishes so irunn
 phantlj over out heads, the only black spot
 in it is American .Slavery. Remove that and
 all is Godlike. i
 By George Weir .lr. of Butlalo,—Ameri
 ca, our own native lahd—rnay the day be noi
 far distant when we shall ire called upon to
 commemorate her second and most glorious
 independence. VVheai the chains shall be
 struck from the limb of the captive, and
 liberty shall resound throughout her borders.
 By David J. Peck, M. D. of Pennsylvania
 The American F.agle Its head and
 tail unsullied white; iisbody resplendant black.
 Virtue is not designated by Colors.
 By Geo. W. Tucker, of Michigan—
 Biquality in its broadest sense —the rights and
 privilege extended from citizen to citizen.
 Presewe that and all is well. Destroy that
 and all will dwindle away into a sea ol
 oblivion.
 By Geo. Weir, of Buffalo Gekp.it
 Smith the noble philanthropist, a vicegerent
 of God in the deliverance of the captive,
 His deeds of benevolence have immortalized
 his Name. May hia counsels be regarded and
 his acta of charity be fully appieciated.
 By J. M. Whitefield of Buffalo —Out
 distinguished guest C. L. Remo.nd, from his
 powerful advocacy of freedom in both hemis
 pheres, entitled to the lasting gratitude ol
 every philanthropist.
 By G. W. Tucker of Michigan The
 great western Xorth Star —She ha* already
 arisen and her rays are extended over the des
 tinies of our Country, with her fearless and
 able editor F. Douglass. May she continue
 to shine, and by her illuminating rays hasten
 the day when the oppressed of this land can
 stand erect and exclaim—All is well we
 are free
 By J. W. Whitfield The Ladies, the
 only tyrants whoae chains can be borne with
 out resistance
 After which the meeting adjourned with
 nine cheers for Liberty.
 ID nry Bibb President,
 Gep.oe W eir Jr. Secretary
 CL. Remono, "j
 D. J. Peck I v 0
 Geo. W. Ticker Vm
 J. W. Ellis, j
elebratiou at Auburn
 Agreeably to notice, the Committee, met at
 the M. E. Church, Washington St. at half
 past 10 o’clock.
 The meeting was called to order by the
 Rev. H. H. Garnet when, on motion, the
 Rev. H- Johnson was called to the chaii
 and Rev. H. Hicks appointed Secretaiy. It
 was resol veil on motion, that there be a Com
 mittee of three appointed to nominate officers
 for the day. Messrs. Garnet, Losiuen, and
 Quincy were appointed, who repotted the
 following:
 President— Rev. J. H. Syracuse.
 Vice Presidents.
 Sandy Hrant, Elmira
 B. Co tidal,
 H. H. Garner, Ptnn Van
 J. S. Jacobs, Hoc/inter
 Secretaries.
 J. W. Johnson, Canandtguu
 J. W. Quincy, Auburn
 Moses Sand Port Plain.
 1 he report was received and adopted tin-
 arnmously. The officer* took their seats,
 and the meeting proceeded to the appoint- j
 merit of a Committee of seven, to report res
 olutions for the business of the day.
 On motion it was resolved, That Messrs.
 H. 11. Garnet, H. Hicks, H. Johnson,
 Mr. Minion, J. Granby, J. Pattirsoh,
 and Mr. Johnson, be that Committee. The
 Committee retired, and on returning reported
 tesoiutione. The report of the Committee
 was accepted and unanimously adopted.
 I he meeting then proceeded to determine
 the place for holding the next celebration.
 A debate here aroeo. Several placet were
 proposed and votes taken, which resulted as
 follows Elmira 43 Syracuse 37 Cortland
 ville 9; Ithaca 16. Elmira having received
 the greatest number of voters, it was finally
 decided and voted unanimously that the cele
 bration be holdco m the village of Elmira,
 on the Ist of August, 1850. The meeting
 then adjourned, after a session of nearly two
 hours spent n the mostTp)eastng| and harmo
 nious manner
 A procession was then formed under the
 direction of the marshals of the day, and
 pioceeded to the city Hall Tba exercises
 at the Hall were in brief as follows
 The meeting waa called to order by the
 President Prayer by tbe Rev H. Htcxs, of
 Auburn Liberty Ode by the Geneva Choir
 Remarks and jtading of Um Emancipation
A?t by lfi* Rpt H Hicks fn'roductoTj
 remarks by the President, who uprn taking
 bis seat, introduced to the audience the Rrr.
 S. R. W set'. Mr *en «n received with
 i unanimous approbation, and spoke id a style
 hitn an orator and scholar H,e
 i speech has been seldom equalled—never sor*
 passr-d He retired frorr the platform armdw
 a deafening outburst of applause A collec
 tion was then taken up and anOde sun* to
 tii satisfaction of the entire audience \fter
 n ii ,„r
 duccJ, and spoke with equal satisfaction to
 the audience Mr U**vrr'sspeech *u
 iretne’t affecting, and it wu not a rare
 thing to see numbers in that great audiene#
 bathed mseats. Hui address was eloquent
 thrilling, and sound, from begmn.og'to end
 The Msa of these gentlemen to Auburn will
 long be remembered by her citizens The
 day and festivities sped away m good glee
 i and order
 P S. I«orig live the tieneva vocohats
 They acquitted themselves with credit, O 4
 to the great gratification of the enure au«
 thenre.

 Bibles ami Testaments lor liistnbutioit
 among the t olored People
 We have teceived, through a benevolent
 friend of the oppressed m this country, one
 hundred copies ot Bibles ind I cstaments,
 which are at our disport!, tor gratuitous dish
 intuition aiming colored families destitute ot*
 the Sacred Scriptures. It is pioper to state
 that these Ibhles have ki’tt gcnetuuslv given
 for this purpose, by the Briti.-h and Foreign
 Bible Society, and that the same Society will
 be happv to furnish us with an additional supw
 plv, M more siiall he needed. Any peiaou
 destitute of a Bible, and wishing to obtaiu a
 copy ot either Bible or Testament, will be
 provided with pleasure at the North Stac
 office. —k. u.
 The oration ot Abrcr II Francis, and
 other matters of the elebration at Buffalo,
 are crowded out this week. T hey will ha
 given m next number.
1&gt;»« tor Hi ai kuki.i,, —Extract from 4
 Paris letter in the Journal ol t ommeree
 “1 he medical community of Pan* ima
 been set a talking by the arrival in this city of
 the celebrated American doctor. Miss Blacjv
 well. Ihe lady has quite bewildered the
 learned taculty, by her diploma all in duft
 form, authorizing her to dose and bleed and
 amputate with the best of them. Soma of
 them are certain that Miss Blackwell is a
 Socialist ol ihe most furious class, and that
 her undertaking is the entering wedge to a
 systematic attack on society bv the fair sex.
 j Others, who have seen her, say that there is
 nothing very alarming in her manner that,
 i on the contrary, she appears modest and un
 assuming, and talks reasonably on other sub
 jects. The ladies attack her in then turn.
 One of them said to me, the other day, ‘Oh
 it is 100 horrid. I’m sure 1 never could
 touch her hand. Only to think that those
 long lingers ot hers had been cutting up pso
 pie 1 1 have seen the doctor in question,
 and must say, in fairness, that her appear
 ance is quite prepossessing. She is young,
 i and rather good looking her maimer indi
 cates great energy of character; and she
 seems to have entered on her singular careser
 i trout motives of duty, and encouraged by res
 pectable ladies at Cincinnati. Alter about
 ten days’ hesitation on the pait of the direc
 tors of the Hospital of Maternity, she has at
 last received the permission to enter that in
 stitution as a pupil.”
 J 1 ATHKft Mathew was icceived by the
 Mayor and Alderman at Boston on Wednes
 day of last week and visited Faneuil Hall
 Quincy Market, the Custom-House, Mer
 chants Exchange, Beacon Hill Reservoir,
 and expressed Ins satisfaction and delight at
 all he saw. He administered the pledge to
 some dozen of bis countrymen, among whom
 was Mr. Donohue, the Editor and publisher
 of the Boston Pilot. The friends of Temper
 ance arranged a neat and chaste banquet lot
 i their distinguished advocate, to be celebrated
 at Faneuil Hall last evening.
 Southern Moot ot Argument.—ln reply
 ing to a letter from a Southern correspondent
 com! iaining of the way the anti-slavery cause
 is managed at the North, the Editor of the
 Tribune narrates in a brief but perspicious way
 his owq experience in arguing the subjeot of
 slavery with southern men, which baa hadit*
 i counterpart, or worse, in more instances than
 one. It discloses so well the kind of spirit
 which slavery engenders, and dispose* h
 thoroughly of a current objection, that it if
 worth reproducing.—. Vie \'ork JEwngfhst
 A Lousianian thinks the slavery question
 has never been properly argued between the
 North and the South. That is quite likely.
 W e once undertook to argue it very mildly
 ami kindly with three slaveholders who com
 menced the discussion and they vety soon at
 .etripled to throw us into a convenient river,
 and came very near executing their pur
 pose. It was certainly not through want of
 will that they failed. I his was m a free
 Slate. How is it further South' One after
 another fioiu ihe tree States has gone into the
 slave States lu reason ihe matter calmly *od
 kind y, and they have been mobbed, tarred
 and feathered, whipped, imprisoned, rodeo®
 a rail, and sometimes treated worse than lh*t.
 It is most notorious, that if one thousand ire*
 citizens were to set out from ihe North to moi
 row, to travel and lecture on slavery m the
 South—no rnattei how ternj*eraiely—that no
 prudent company would tusure their hv«,
 even for fitly per cent, while ten to one would
 belrei ly bet that not ten of the whole number
 would reach the Mississippi, without having
 sutle ed personal violence. And yet u«
 Southern man has ever been mobbed at the
 Noith lor advocating slavery, nor many man
 ner prevented or constrained to desi-t. We
 will lie personally responsible for ihe safety
 and good usage of all Southern champions
 who may traverse the North detending sla
 very, if the South will hi like manner giva
 hostage lor her good treatment of those who
 may see tit to travel Southward preaching
 anti-slavery. “Is not that fair'”
A N'tvr MoTi»k Puwm.—“Another tuo
 i tire power will be in operation soon. Elec
 tricity will yet be applied to that purpose.
 The principle is already settled, and in a tew
 •years we have no doubt of iu being at work.
 The discovery to which we refer, however, u
 ,aaid to be applcable to coairnon road*. The
 matter seems to work in this way, your
 hide is at the door—you climb the steps—
 take the reins or the rudder—twitch yout
 thumb, press yout to®, or do some other tn
 signihceol ihiug, aftei the manner of free
 masonry, and you are off at an ummagioabis
 degree of speed. Tbe result in the water is
 not yet stated, perhaps not yet tried, but any
 power which can more wheels n land caa
 move them on water, and that suffice# for lo
 comotion, if the vehicle keeps afloat, which
 we shall secure in oer case by the virtue* of
 gutu perchaorcork mattresses. Wnh these
 »mj»B before u», it ut highly probable that
 *o*ll, for nothiug, eicept the original buii4
 and equipment of his vehicle, which may not
 be expensive, will be enabled by and by w
 leave the North Bridge, Edinburgh, at half
 past one, make a short call at Vork, and dio«
 with his triend at Hyde-Bsrk comer, London,
 on the same afternoon, precisely at h*c. W•
 know not what n coming. K always may be
 on their last legs.’’— TaU't Mj gaunt
 C'molska does not increase m this city.
 There are not more than one—oecaaioeiJJy
 wo caafs reported in each day.
"
