"{J o e t r g.
From the Dover (N. H.) Mom mg Star-
 THE FL'OITIVF.’S WIFE
 T 1. W.
 hu &lt;w.. —T'"T
 ofCVoliM, or ,b.
 b..
 would Ml' co«frrt«l.- Hr,
 O where have ye fwrnc them, the friends of my
 heart’
 They are gone from mv cabin away!
 Have thev fallen a prey to the slaveholder’# mart.
 While I have been toiling to-day!
 1 miss the kind hand and the care-eoothing voice,
 r bat were all upon earth I could claim;
 1 call for tin rt that alone can rejoice
 At ro\ pleasure, or iqp**., mv pain.
 It echoes not back at the eoond of mine wn,
 No footsteps are lightsome and free;
 O where have ve borne them awav from rov home,
 My friends that were all unto me!
 Methinks I can hear, far away in the South,
 Mid the rice swamps, a voice of despair
 l pon every breeze it is murmuring forth,
 That my w ife and my children are there.
 1 can hear it resound mid the rustle of canes,
 Iu the fields of that whitening soil;
 Tlie crack of the slavcdriver’s merciless whip,
 That is urging them forward to toil.
 And the tear that is scalding tiiat fair sable cheek,
 As she bend* by the dark orange tree,
 Hath volumes of tenderness tongue cannot speak,
 That her heart is still lingering with me.
 She was mine, till the leek of the slavedriver
 power
 Hath summoned her quickly away.
 To toil mid the cotton-fields far in the South,
 ’Neath the snn of a longjweary day.
 O talk not of otliers that can comfort my heart.
 And banish thi* night of despair,—
 The friend of tm bo«om, the friend of my youth,
 1* toiling in loneliness there.
 Come lock to my bosom, it beatethfor thee,
 in dream* of out long-vanished bliss;
 Come (rack—hut the fetter on spirit and heel
 Penietli us pleasure like this.
 Great God, in that land where the spirit residps,
 That tliey tell us is glorious and fair,
 Will the slavedriver’* whip lie heard on that shore!
 Arc there shackles and auction-blocks there!
THE TIME TO DIE.
 1 arked the glad and happy child,
 Whose hands were filled with flowers,
 hose silvery laugh rung free and wild
 Among the vine-wreathed bowers;
 I crossed her sunny path, and cried,
 When is the time to die I”
 Not yet! not yet!” the child replied.
 And swiftly bounded by.
 I asked the maiden. threw
 The tresses of her hair,
 Grief’s traces o’er her cheeks I knew,
 Like pearls they glistened there;
 A flush jwssed o’er her lily brow,
 I heard her spirit sigh,
 Not now,” she cried, oh no, not now,
 Youth is no time to die.”
 I asked a mother, as site pressed
 Her first-born in her arms,
 As gently on her tender breast
 She hushed her babe’s alarms;
 In quivering tone her accents came,
 Her eyes were dim with tears—
 “My boy his mother’s heart must claim
 For many, many years.”
 I questioned one in manhood’s prime,
 Of proud and fearless air;
 His brow was furrowed not by time,
 Nor dimmed by woe and care;
 In angry accetrs he replied,
 And flashed with scorn his eye—
 Talk not to me of death,” he cried,
 For only age should die!”
 I questioned one for tomb
 Had ng been all prepared;
 For Death, who withers life aud bloom,
 This man of years had spared;
 Once more his nature’s dying fire
 Blazed high, and thus he cried—
 Life! only life is my desire!”
 Then gasped, and groaned, and died!
 1 asked a Christian Answer thou
 When is the hour of death' 1
 A holy calm was on his brow,
 And peaceful was his breath,
 And sweetly o’er his features stole
 A smile, a light divine;
 He spoke the language of his soul—
 My Maker’s time is mine.”
 SLAVE PETITION.
 Natives of a land of glory,
 Daughters of the good and brave,
 Hear the injured Negro’s story,
 Hear and help the kneeling slave.
 Think how nought but death can sever
 A our loved children from your hold;
 Still alive, but lost forever,
 Ours are parted, liought, and sold.
 Seize, O seize the favoring season,
 Scorning pleasure or applause—
 Justice, Truth, Religion, Reason,
 Are your leaders in the cause.
 Follow faithful, firm, confiding,
 Spread our wrongs from shore to shore;
 Mercy, Hod, your efforts guiding,
 Slavery shall be known no more.
WRONG NOT TIIK LABORING POOR,
 BY tBKKK7.tR ELLIOTT.
 V\ rong not the tailoring poor, by whom ye live,
 V\ rong not your humble fellow-wormi*, ye ptoud,
 For God will not the poor man’s wrongs forgive,
 But heat his plea, and have his plea allowed.
 Ob,be not like the vapors, splendor-rolled,
 That spring from earth’s green breast, usurp* tbe sky
 Then spread around contagion black and ©old,
 Till all who mourn the de*&lt;i prepare to die.
 No- ;-iuae the bounteous clouds, that rise
 Freighted with bliss from tiver, v*le, and plain,
 The thankful clouds which beautify the skies
 They fill the lap of earth w ith fruit aud grain.
 Yes, emulate the mountain and Use tlood,
 That trwde in blessings with the mighty deep.
 Till soothed in peace aud satisfied in good,
 Man’s heart be happy as a child asleep.
A DUNCE.
 He laeint well eoougb, but m»s still in the way,
 At a dunce aiwaya if, let him be where lie may;
 Indeed they appear to come into existence
 To impede other folks with their awkward assist
 aoce.
 If you set up a dunce on the very North Pole,
 All alone with himself, I believe ou my soul,
 He'd manage to get betwixt somebody's shias,
 And pitch him dowD bodily all iu his sins,
 To the grave polar bears sitting round on the ice,
 All shortening their gtace to I* in for a slice;
 Or, if he found nobody else tlicre to pother.
 Why, one of his legs would trip up the other;
 For there’s nothing we read of in torture’* iriven
 lions,
 Like a well-meaning dunce, with Use lest of inten
 tnnt. J R. Lowiti.
Selections.
From C'urton** "Vhil» to Vl*r MonatlrrH* is the
 THE FOOLIsn BIRD?*.
 AN eastern allegory.
 “In the day* at King Solomon, the
 son of David, who by the virtue of his
 cabalistic seal, reigned supreme over
 genii as well as tnen, and who could
 •peak the language of animals of all
 kinds, all created beings were subservi
 ent to his will. Now, when the king
 wanted to travel, he made use for his
 conveyance of a carpet of a square
 form. This carpet had the property
 of extended itself to a sufficient size to
 carry a whole army, with the tents and
 baggage; but at other times it could be
 reduced so as to be only large enough
 for the support of the royal throne, and
 of those ministers w hose duty it was to
 attend upon the person of the sover
 eign. Four genii of the air then took
 the four corners of the carpet, and car
 ried it with its contents wherever
 King Solomon desired. Once the King
 w as on a journey in the air, and carried
 upon his throne of ivory over the va
 rious nations of the earth. The rays
 of the sun poured down upon his head,
 and he had nothing to protect him from
 its heat. The fiery beams were begin
 ning to scorch his neck and shoulders,
 when he saw a flock of vultures flying
 past. ‘O, vultures!’ cried King Solo
 mon, ‘come and fly between me and
 the sun, and make a shadow’ with your
 wings to protect me, for its rays are
 scorching my neck and face.’ But the
 vultures answered and said, ‘We are
 flying to the North, and your face is
 turned towards the South. \V e desire
 to continue on our way; and, be it
 known unto thee, OKing! that we will
 not turn back on our flight, neither will
 we fly above vour throne to protect you
 from the sun* although its rays may be
 scorching your neck and face.’ Then
 King Solomon|lifted up his voice, and
 said, ‘Cursed be ye, O vultures!—and,
 because ye will not obey the commands
 of your lord, who rules over the whole
 world, the feathers of your necks shall
 fall off; and the heat of the sun, and
 the cold of the winter, and the keen
 ness of the wind, and the beating of the
 rain shall fall upon your rebellious
 necks, which shall not be protected
 like the feathers of other birds. And,
 whereas, you have hitherto fared deli
 cately, henceforth ye shall eat carrion
 and feed upon offal; and your race
 shall be impure till the end of the
 world.’ And it was done unto the
 vultures as King Solomon had said.
 “Now it fell out that there was a
 flock of hoopoes flying past; and the
 King cried out unto them, and said, ‘O
 hoopoes! come and fly between me and
 the sun, that I may be protected from
 its rays by the shadow of your wings.’
 Whereupon the king of the hoopoes
 answered and said, ‘O King, we are
 but little fowls, and we are not able to
 afford much shade; but we will gather
 our nation together, and by our num
 bers make up for our small size. So
 the hoopoes gathered together, and,
 flying in a cloud over the throne of the
 King, they sheltered him from the rays
 of the sun.
 “When the journey was over, anc
 King Solomon sat upon his golder
 throne, in his palace of ivory, whereo
 the doors were emerald, and the wind'
 ows of diamonds, larger even than the
 diamond of Jemshid, he commandee
 that the king of the hoopoes shoule
 stand before his feet. ‘Now,’ saic
 King Solomon, ‘for the service tha
 thou and thy race have rendered, an&lt;
 the obedience thou hast shown unto thi
 King, thy lord and master, what shal
 be done unto thee, O hoopoe? am
 what shall be given the hoopoes of thi
 race, fora memorial and a reward?
 Now the king of the hoopoes was con
 fused with the great honor of standing
 before the feet of the King; and, ma
 king his obeisance, and laying his righ
 claw upon his heart, he said, ‘O King
 live forever! Let a day be given t&lt;
 thy servant to consider with his queei
 and his councillors what it shall be tha
 the King shall give us for a reward.
 And King Solomon said, ‘Beit so.’ Am
 it was.
 “But the king of the hoopoes flew a
 way; and he went to his queen, wh&lt;
 was a dainty hen, and he told her wha
 happened, and he desired her advice a
 to what they should ask of the Kin|
 for a reward; and he called togethe
 his council, and they sat upon a tree
 and they each of them desired a differ
 ent thing. Some wished for a lon&lt;
 tail; some wished for blue and greei
 feathers; some wished to be as large a:
 ostriches; some wished for one thing
 and some for another; and they debar
 ed till the going down of the sun, bu
 they could not agree together. Thei
 the queen took the king of the hoopoei
 •part and said to him, ‘My dear lor&lt;
 and husband, listen to my words; am
 as we have preserved the head of Kinj
 Solomon, let us ask for crowns of gol&lt;
 on our heads, that we may be superioi
 to all other birds.’ And the words o
 the queen and the princesses hei
 daughters prevailed; and the king o
 the hoopoes presented himself befon
 the throne of Solomon, and desired o
 him that all hoopoes should wear gold
 en crowns upon their heads. Ther
 Solomon said, ‘Hast thou considered
 well what it is that thou desirest?’ Anc
 the hoopoe said, ‘J have considered
 well, and we desire to have golden
 crowns upon our heads.’ So Solomon
 replied, ‘Crcwns of gold shall ye have:
 but behold, tnou art a foolish bird; and
 when the evil days shall come upon
 thee, and thou seest the folly of thy
 heart, return here to me, and I will
 give thee help.' So the king of the
 hoopoes lelt the presence of King Solo
 mon with a golden crown upon his
 bead. And all the hoopoes had golden
 crowns; and they were exceeding
 proud and haughty. Moreover, they
 went down by the lakes and the pools,
 and walked by the margin of the water,
 that they might admire themselves
 w re ,a i laM And the queen
 of the hoopoes gave herself airs, and
 sat upon a twig; and she refused to
 •peak to the morops her cousins, and
 the other birds who had been’ her
 friends, because they were but vulgar
 birds, and she wore crown of gold
 upon her head.
“Now there was a certain fowler
 who set trap* for birds; and he put a
 piece of a broken mirror into his trap,
 and a hoopoe that went in to admire it
 self was caught. And the fowler look
 ed at it, and saw the shining crown
 upon its head; so he wrung off its
 head and took the crown to Issachar the
 son of Jacob, the worker in metal, and
 he asked him what it was. So lssachar,
 the son of Jacob, said, ‘lt is a crown
 of brass.’ And he gave the fowler a
 quarter of a shekel for it, aud desired
 him, if be found any more, to bring
 them to him, and to tell no man there
 of. So the fowler caught some more
 hoopoes, and sold their crowns to Is
 sachar, the son of Jacob; until one day
 he met another man who was a jewel
 ler, aud he showed him several of the
 hoopoes’ crowns. Whereupon the
 jeweller told him that they were of pure
 gold; and he gave the fowler a talent
 of gold for four of them.
 “Now when the value of these
 crowns was known the fame of them
 got abroad, and in all the land of Israel
 was heard the twang of bows and the
 whirling of slings; bird-lime was made
 in every town; and the price of traps
 rose in the market, so that the fortunes
 of the trap-makers increased. Not a
 hoopoe could show its head but it was
 slain or taken captive, and the days of
 the hoopoes were numbered. Then
 their minds were filled w ith sorrow and
 dismay, and before long few were left
 to bewail their cruel destiny. At last,
 flying by stealth through the most un
 frequented places, the unhappy king of
 the hoopoes went to the court of King
 Solomon, and stood again before the
 steps of the golden throne, and with
 tears and groans related the misfor
 tunes which had happened to his race.
 “So King Solomon looked kindly up
 on the king of the hoopoes, and said
 unto him, ‘Behold, did 1 not warn thee
 of thy folly in desiring to have crowns
 of gold? Vanity and pride have been
 thy ruin. But now', that a memorial
 may remain of the serv ice which thou
 didst render unto me, your crowns of
 gold shall be changed into crowns of
 feathers, that ye may walk unharmed
 upon the earth.” Now when the fowl
 ers saw that the hoopoes no longer wore
 crowns of gold upon their heads, they
 ceased from the persecution of their
 race; and from that time forth the fam
 ily of the hoopoes have flourished and
 increased, and have continued in peace
 even to the present day.”
JUDAISM IN TIIE UNITED
 STATES.
 Dr. Lilienthal, the chief Rabbi in
 the United States, represents the pros
 pects of Judaism there as most encour
 aging, and promises for it, that, in the
 course of years, it will obtain a firmer
 footing than in Europe. The princi
 pal congregations are in New York,
 Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston,
 Albany, Richmond, Cincinnati, and
 New Orleans. Dr. Lilienthal himself
 is indefatigable in his endeavors. He
 thus describes the process by which
 new Jewish congregations are formed;
 “A single Jew settles in a small town,
 aixl there lives, separated from Jews,
 and everything that is Jewish. No
 one knows that he is a Jew, for he does
 not observe any Jewish commandment,
 oi ceremony. In process of time, an
 other Jew settles there, and then a
 third.—The sacred period of a New
 Year arrives, and the day of Atone
 ment draws nigh; the people think of
 God, look at their prosperity, and at
 Him whom they have to thank for it,
 then cast a glance on their irreligious
 life, and are ashamed of it. The desire
 to return to God rises in their hearts;
 they count themselves, and find that
 their number amounts to ten; they can
 form a minyan; one of them proposes
 that they constitute themselves a con
 gregation, the others cheerfully agree;
 money is raised, a letter is written to
 New York,or some other large congre
 gation; they buy a sepher torali, tephil
 in, mezuzoth, and talethim, appoint a
 chasan, and in the course of five years,
 a congregation is perfectly organized,
 a synagogue is erected, and a burial
 place established.”
 The number of Jews in North
 America is estimated at five thousand,
 and in the West Indies 700 more.
 Explanation. —Minyan, the number
 required; sepher torah, book of law;'
 tephilin, phylactories; mezuzoth, pieces
 of parchment, containing portions of 1
 Scripture, and fastened to the door
 post; talethim, four cornered vest
 ments, in which every Jew must be at
 tired at the time of prayer, chasan.
 reader.
THE TWO BREAKFASTS.
 The foundry bell rang and Matthews
 hastened home to his breakfast. The
 first sound that met his ears on open
 ing the door of his house was the
 squealing of the children, while hisoth
 er senses were regaled with a bad
 smell of ashes and steam, and the si«ht
 of his wife in the act of mopping up a
 puddle of brown and white slop, which
 was spreading itself over the floor.—
 1 The character of poor Matthews, domes
 tic comforts generally might been seen
 in his wife’s toilet on the morning in
 I question. Her uncombed hair sticking
 out under the border of a dingy night
 cap her gown open behind, apron hang
 ing by one string, and boots dirty and
 unlaced, completed the appearance of
 the thorough slattern. Her husband
 was up to work regularly at six but
 she laid in bed till the last minute,’ and
 then all was hurry to get breakfast
 ready in time. On this morning, as
 usual, she brought down the baby
 which, uncomfortable in its wet night
 clothes, lay screaming in the cradle
 A little boy, tired of being left alone
 had crawled to the top of the stairs and
 there sat crying in turn. Mrs. Mat
 thews had made the coffee, and put the
 milk on to boil, and had only jus| run
 up to smack the noisy undressed urchin
 on the stairs, when she heard the milk
 boiling over, and hurrying to snatch it
 off the fire, she upset the coffee-pot and
 was mopping up the wasted beverage as
 her husband entered. She eyed him
 with an angry frown, meant to show
 that she was not atraid; he said noth
 ing, and looked around. On one side
 were the supper things of the night be
 fore, on the other the extinguishen fire
 m front the table covered with dust
 and the sloppy floor. He turned on his
heel, aud went to breakfast at a coffee
 house, which h« bad visited so often
 under similar circumstances that he
 looked upon it «s a much more comfor
 table place thai his own house. Rich
 ard Cooper, ilso a workman in the
 same foundry, went to his breakfast at
 the same hour. No sooner did he open
 the door leadiig into his kitchen than a
 little girl, the picture of cleanliness, ran
 for a kiss, anc a little boy, just able to
 crawl, seetnej eager to jump from his
 mother's arms. Richard's wife was a
 tight and trin little body, always neat
 ly dressed, ntver looked slatternly even
 when at work. The room was clean
 and cheerful, breakfast quite ready,
 the bright coffee-pot stood steaming on
 the hob, aid a dish of porridge and
 milk on the table for the children.—
 Richard snipped his fingers to the lit
 tle boy, kisied the girl, lifted them both
 into their chairs, and sat down opposite
 his wife looking and feeling happy.—
 His half-hour’s visit to his family every
 morning sent him back to his work
 with renewed hope and confidence.—
 The secret of his comfort and good
 temper lay iu his wife’s habit of early
 rising, and careful management. Fam
 ily Economist.
Electricity Developed, &amp;c.—
 That elegant and correct experimenta
 list, Faraday, has shown that zinc and
 platinum wires, one-eighteenth of an
 inch in diameter and about half an inch
 long, dipped into dilute sulphuric acid,
 so weak that it is not sensibly sour to
 the tongue, will evolve more electricity
 in one-twentieth of a minute than is
 given by thirty turns of a large and
 powerful plate electrical machine in
 full action; a quantity, which, if passed
 through,the head ot a cat, is sufficient
 to kill it, as by a flash of lightning.—
 Pursuing this interesting inquiry still
 further, it is found that a single grain
 oi water contains as much electricity as
 could be accumulated in 800,000 Ley
 den jars, each requiring thirty turns of
 the large machine of the Royal Insti
 tution to charge it,—a quantity equal
 to that which is developed from a charg
 ed thunder cloud. “Yet we have it
 under perfect command; can evolve
 direct, and employ it at pleasure; and
 when it has performed its full work of
 electrization, it has only separated the
 elements of a single grain of water.”
Answering our own Prayers.— ln
 the vicinity of B lived a pool
 but industrious man, depending foi
 support upon his daily labor. His wift
 fell sick, and not being able to hire a
 nurse, he was obliged to confine him
 self to the sick bed and the family. His
 means of support thus cut off, he soor
 found himself in need. Having a weal
 thy neighbor near, he determined to gc
 and ask him for two bushels of wheat
 with a promise to pay as soon as his
 wife became so much better that he
 could leave her and return to hi 9 work
 Accordingly he took his bag, went tc
 his neighbor’s, and arrived while the
 lamily were at morning prayers. As
 he sat on the door stone, he heard the
 man pray very earnestly that Goc
 would clothe the naked, feed the hun
 gry* relieve tho distressed, and coinfori
 all that mourn. The prayer concluded
 the poor man stepped in and made
 known his business, promising to pay
 with the avails of his first labor. The
 farmer was very sorry he could noi
 accomodate him, but he had promisee
 to loan a large sum of money, and hac
 depended upon his wheat to male ii
 out; but he presumed neighbor
 would let him have it.
 With a tearful eye und a sad bean
 the poor man turned away. As soor
 as he left the house the farmer’s little
 son stepped up and said “Father, die
 you not pray that God would clothe the
 naked, feed the hungry,* relieve the dis
 tressed, and comfort mourners?”
 “Yes; why?” “Because, father, if
 had your wheat, I would answer thai
 prayer.” It is needless to add, thal
 the Christian father called back his
 suffering neighbor, and gave him as he
 needed.
 Now, Christian reader, do you thus
 answer your own prayers.— jY. Yorl
 Evan.
Power of the Soil to absorb
 Odors —it is well known that onions,
 if buried in the earth for a few days
 previous to being cooked, will have lost
 much of their rank flavor. Wild ducks
 which are often too fishy in flavor to be
 good, may be rendered much more pal
 atable by being wrapped in absorbent
 paper and buried in the ground for a
 few hours. Dried codfish Joses much
 of ‘ts austerity of flavor (if we may coin
 a term) by similar treatment. During
 the plague in Europe, clothing was of
 ten buried to disinfect it. The absorb
 ent property of the soil is due to the
 presence of carbonaceous matters; for
 clear sea-beach sand will produce no
 such results, while pulverized charcoal
 will act with much greater energy than
 common soil. On this principle, ani
 mal matters coated with uncleaned ash
 es, and then buried in pulverulent peat
 or muck, will not only decompose with
 out giving off offensive odors, but the
 muck will also, by absorbing the re
 sulting gases arising from decomposi
 tion be rendered highly valuable as a
 fertilizer. Dr. Dana says that a dead
 horse, if cut in pieces and treated as
 above, wj|J render twenty loads of muck
 equal in quality to the best stable ma
 nure. ffurk'ing Farmer.
A C 4L c i l a t, on.—Suppose a tobac
 co chewer is addicted to the habit of
 chewing tobacco fifty years of his life:
 eac 1 a J of that time he consumes two
 inches oi solid plug, which amounts to
 six thousand three hundred and seven
 ty-live leet, making nearly one mile and
 a quarter in length of solid tobacco, a
 hall inch thick and two inches broad.
 I he above calculation is not exactly
 correct, but our Joe, who is a snorter
 ,l,al hematics, and an inveterate
 chewtr oj the weed, may improve on
 the idea.
 Would it not, we ask, be a dreary
 prospect to the young beginner in this
 nasty habit, if he had the whole amount
 stretched out before him, and he were
 told that to chew it up would be one of
 the exercises of his life, and also that it
 would tax his inc sne to the amount of
 one thousand and ninety-five dollars?
 before you leap.— BaUimort Clip
A*flm for tke Sick who k«re be» cob
 b««*4 to their bed* from 1 to 30 ye»r».
 DR. HAMILTON'S Hydropathic ind Aonlvtif
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asvlum. Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 w now firmly established and in «nrce«sfiil opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every diseas e:hat it
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is need in every way
 that is applied in any water-core eatabluhmeot m
 the l oiled States, yet tie proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it i* not relied on a« the un/y
 or principal lemedy in tb* treatment of diwase «ttli
 milled to his rare.
 Tins Establishment i« designed for that class of
 invalids who have foiled to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to tlieir
 beds, nearing nut a life oftniserv and suffering w ith
 out any hope of ever hem* any better.
 Tl»e remedies made use of iu this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of tlie coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne tlieir weight
 on their feet from five t 0 fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or eveu
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would he w alking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, «uch as
 Ist. The falling of the YVomb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if thev have been confined to
 tlieir beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress tliemselves, nr even 100 feeble to
 bear anv noise or speak aloud.
 2&lt;i. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head' Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation of the Heart, Dyspepsia
 in all its forms and stages, Piles, Costivoness, Di
 arrhea, Suppression of tlie Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in iu worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumntiod iu
 its fiist stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the aliove diseases for the last I eu \ears, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has lieeu his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in tlieir effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wislies to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need lie to anv
 e\[»eiise in this Institution w ithout being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 pay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and b.uk home again, he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Anv
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against mierepiesentalions and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, car. let the proprie
 tor know what wil. Ire satisfactory, and it shall lie
 duly coi sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those w ho have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itscl.
 by its own merits, or pay the ex|&gt;cnsc of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon lie believed; but lo let it lie more
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars iu trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or°anv
 benefit, and still remain confined to tlieir lieds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 thev are materially benefited.
 Prom the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 1 ordinary cases which may lie easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willin'*
 to be made well euougli to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day xn
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. Il requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor lo meet the above expenses if,
 required.
 ‘•Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 TLSI PI BLISHLD, a new and valuable book
 O for every family in the country, and one that may
 lie consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 rules fi.r preserving that stale. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various ujedi
 l cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailv'practice. by
 John B. Newman, M. I).”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 ‘‘THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fain
 tly to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to PopiUar Med
 ial Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general u&gt;e.”
 Tlie two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12| cents.
 Tlie symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so that oue may be recognized from another! to phi‘
 vent practising in die dark; also the treatment ,g
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keepser
 in health, together w ith observations on tlieircausoe,
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and untie
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for l££ t
 male and female,
 The book has been written w ith great care, in a
 plain, simple, common-sense style easily to lie un-
 I derstood by every |x rson, and by a practical physi
 cian ami a thorough botanist. YVe can recommend
 it with entire Confidence, as being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 puhlislied at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries antf unhealthy elimatrs, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors bill. \Vhether well or sick, such a hook
 should lie in every house as a safe and sure advi-er
 in time of need, ihe direction given for persons in
 liealtii cannot be 100 strictly attended to by all.
 Tlie or ice at which tlie liook is -old is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should tie
 without it.
 The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily I* sent by mail. Postage only cents to am
 aartofthe United States.
 (JCP* Any person sending us one dollar by mad, and
 pod [laying postage on the letter, “half have four
 Copies sent him fret of postage.
 Send in your orders*, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it routes to us daily, and the books
 always reach th' ir destination.
 W* Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four hooks sent to one address,
 j YY ANTED—Agents in most of the States lo sell
 I this work, almost every family will purchase it il
 carried to tlieir door*. A small capital of from £2O
 i to £5O will be necessary for each agent. Addiess, i
 postpaid, GEO. YV. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-*!, KocJtesu-i, V Y.
 .NORTHAMPTON fI’ATER CUKE.
 Electricity and Hydropathy.
 I’H E public are respectfully informed, that since
 the philosophical deductions of the learned Dr.
 Means, of Emory College, Ga., am) ihej seieutihr
 experiments of Mr. Heuuuer of England,* have
 recently and indubitably established the fart, that
 the conclusions at which the undersigned arrived by
 the sense of touch, ia 1844, are in harmony with
 natural and physiological laws—to wit, that the
 human budy, u, a healthy condition, is in a ponttvt
 electrical mate, and that' the electrical emanation*
 from the ctiticular surface, iudicate health, or the
 symptoms aad character of disease —there is some
 reason lo hope, that certain physician*, ignorant of
 these principles or natural laws, a knowledge of
 which is esseutial to the safe and intelligent practice
 of the hrwtg art, will cease their vorileratvous
 against the rosiTivg iLtCTIKU state of the
 Human body, and will hesitate to dissuade those
 whom they have failed to relieve of their rompbmu,
 from seeking nattint’s remedy at the NoariiAlir.
 TOW Watt a Crag. Thus sustained by the ligh. i
 of srieore, the undersigned may be permuted her.
 to repeat hi« experience, that, u&gt; all cases where tb i
wrui. •tow M-h. or lung?, are in the eWiro-iwgaore
 cootlitkio, tbf ptlmrt 19 beyotri the power of wnver
 lo aflbH rnjit Om the other hand, mhtm thr mm
 of the body alluded to, Bre n efeflro-poru.re
 rUlr, however disarranged, there in ground to hot*
 for cure.
 Had not the rrralu of p,« t Urt
 already the public ()f MfeU
 tulne«* of the principles by wh.rh (b&lt; W|^i
 .n detect mg the mp&lt;o-M &lt;ln() (Untn
 o( d,sense, Wjd prarur.ne the err, the rece„, .ce*.
 tjK drmon,jrat,on of «be lr correctness. ~v p r&lt;(&lt;
 Mrant and -Mr Hrmtner. c«W fad to convince
 tbr moat incredulous.
 fin.lrfuHy .pprrcianny ,he credit «o generous!,
 awarded lor hi* surer*. Hvdropnth.c Bract,'-
 liooer. b&gt; a discerning p«M,c. and the gram.*!,
 evinced In tlmse whom he hi h
 rrlM-vr o their rompl:, 10N&gt;
 uaiduousiv endeavor lo sustain die crcdn. and merit
 that gratitude, in the PV( rv inTalW roat
 affoni him an opportumtv to ettect a run, by hiV
 original ami philosophical method of practice.
 I he Northampton aicr ure i* pleasantly ‘dil
 ated near Bensfwviile, on the «m kmk of lacking
 Water, or &gt;l,ll Kim, .Unit two and a hall mik-s
 ln.m the centre of the torn. ft is conveniently
 with ««*panifr parlc&gt;r«, lathmtr ami drr«9-
 mg-rooins, lor Ladies and tientienien, well ventil
 ated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of hath., supplied ah water, which, f.,r
 abundance, purity, ami ad.aptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier esta
 blisbment in this country. The scenery in thi
 vicinity is picture Stpte and romantic There are a
 variety ot pleasant walks, sutliciently retired, to
 allow water-cure patient, to appear a* they should,
 plainly dressed, enjoying their ramble* without
 lieing exposed to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaint, which are here successfully
 treated, are lioadaclie, tendency of blood to tl»e bead,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary a fieri ion, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of tin- liowels,
 piles, dyspepsia, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, latne limbs, partly sis, fevers, sail
 rheum, scrofulous ami erysipelas humors.
 All patients who visit this establishment f.,r a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one ot
 two linen and Uiiee cotton sheets, two pillow rases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, m
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Term* for treatment and board are £5 50 to
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly—washing extra.
 A patient who from choice or the character of his
 complaint, occupies a room alone on the third floor,
 w ill pay 88 00 per week—-on the first and second
 floors, £8 50 per week. Patients requiring eMlll
 attention or tire in their rooms, (except fiu'swatli
 iug purposes,) w ill furnish their own nurses and fur l,
 or pay an extra price.
 D- kuggles.
 Northampton, March 1848.
 N.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars ol the
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, ti
 convey them hither.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the human system, is in a positive state
 which is constantly maintained by the activity of th
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ing off in silence from the cuticular surface, so tlia
 out of 856 experiments made by Mr. Ilemmeci
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicate
 the presence of positive electricity. This suqrlusag
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to U- mdi
 pcnsable to the healthful condition of the wliol
 animal economy, ami that when, from any cause, i
 ee diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.
 Geoaddress, delivered before the Medical College
 isSrgia, at the opening of its annual session, ,\i&gt;y
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physics
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 ATHOL WATEH (IKE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attentio
 of Invalids, especially those suffering fro;
 i chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment i
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception ofpatien
 I last season, and it is lielieved offers excellent facil
 j ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydrf
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and i
 purity lias bcrni pronounced equal to water on
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, lieing hi
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. Tli
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So tin
 1 w ith the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, an
 exercise, patients can scarc-ely fail to obtain th
 hrnhliful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs
 8., wife of Pea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., age,
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me las
 August. Her case presented the follow ing pheuo
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to tin
 ground. If being well supported, she made ai
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross tin
 other. She had been in this condition nearly s
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when sh»
 left, so tar recovered as to aide to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
 has continued her baths, with Corresponding j, n
 provement to her health. She now attends to bei
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a rmal
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are de.-ired to bring three comfortables
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen loi
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients
 Those who are less particular in the selection o
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in cuminoi
 with others, will be charged less.
 I Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 British Periodical Literature.
 The Ijjttdon Quarterly Review, the EJtnhurgh R&gt; rim-
 The North British Renew, tlu Westminster Renew
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread tame of thes* splendid periedi
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 As literary organs, they stand far m advance o
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion ol each is marked by a dignity
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, big, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; th.
 Edinburgh Review Whig; anil tfie Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North ;Briti-h Re
 view is more ol a religions character, having been
 originally edited by Hr. Chalmers, and now, since
 Ins death, lieing conducted bv his son-in-law Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Bir David Brewster. It‘
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publi-eed in England under tl»e title of The For
 eign Quarterly anil Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Review* formerly republished an&lt;j
 reprinted under separate titles, !t has, therefore;
 the advantage bv tins combination of uniting in ont
 work the l*st features ot Isjth as heretofore i.-sued,
 Tlie above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on tlieir arrival by die British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white f»ajs-r, anil
 are faithful copies of the originals, Biarkwood’i
 .Magazine, being an exact/ac-*i«ugirol the Edinburgh
 edition.
 KIC KS FOR 1849, (tF SLBsc KiBKD FOR t.ARLV.)
 For any one of the fair Reviews, 83 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three ,fo 7 Off
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For RLockwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood k the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payment* to he made in all cases m advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all tie- alsive work* will I,
 sent to one address on payment of the regular suh
 •cription for three—the tourth copy Is-mg gratis.
 EARL I COPIEB.
 A kite arrangement with die British [Kihli.lwr* ol
 Biackwixjd’s Magazine secures to us early sheets
 that work, by which we shall Is- able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers ta-fore any
 portion ..f it ran lie reprinted in any of die American
 Journals, for this and od*rr advantage* secured to
 our lulurrilen we pay *o large 4 considentiou,that
 we ntav la* Compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. therefore we repeat subaerdw early while
 the price i* low
 Remittances and communicat was shouhl l&lt;e alwaya
 addressed, post-paid or fnankeil, to the pufdishers,
 LEONARD SCfJTT h U.
 70 Fulton street. New York.
117ILL1AU B. IiXiAN, linkf in
 B&lt;juu aud Shoes, IjO, Purchase Street, Mew
 Bedford.
 .B. L. keep* coiuUutfH o»» hand a f rood a»**t&gt;
 ®enl, and uill a** 11 cheap for talk Huift atb-Kliou
 gwd b&gt; rmum-uade work, by Mr»»r*. Parker and
IXT’ASIfINfiTO.VS Dafitnaa Gallery, 1)0,
 Mam Street, Kellogg’* Buiklin|i, Hartford
 Cemeeneut
 JOSKPH C. HuL.LV, Boot and Shoe Maker
 No. 07, Craabery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the
 (Mice awl v« the woti rcae/oahk Hers*
iPO?E R T
 ITs ILLEGAL CAT'SF* AMD LEGAL
 &lt;1 RE
 T Y LT**stt* sroonKt.
 lft i h Afhany Patriot r a |J, it—" A neat naror r.LleI
 u f "T r ,r! r *»M* production.
 "i 7 r V aatseipatm**. rtf. Mr. Spooner
 ■’7 7"' 1 by 'be Gu! &gt;f h,* ihforr,
 P T/*’* Mo P U* we heart- k raiih
 mend bis endeavor to the KiOr* ©f a
 t'jir*parer l iV.rrihle dictum—intrepid irxirw
 origmal thr^fl.t—.nri «H»re frmUi frj, canl
 ofM-.. W( «,iv. A* Jml teal writer, be ha* a depth
 jaw*, far brvowJ *«y one »h.,*e
 bare rwt n*tr e\e m a longtime.”
 Ilimf'* Mirrtant’* Magmitf «av* i.
 .n bold an.] original thought*. The ,lfe.,i
 poverty m.l aumfer of .mr» rte
 MtKtn* bearing nn the mb ect laid down 3fwi P
 Hi.oJr.. tr onsi.k r a w &gt;rk well wn,,h
 affording JMt d« many valuable hint. lotbeWL
 nwn an political economist.” n
 The Bangor Gaw.tte.ay.—* An able aiy rrtui
 \y or.KM.aU rk. fr m the r n of I ;*nn,W S,™!
 K*q.—author of flat powerful look „h„-h 'irnn*
 the unronMitul.on.ilii) of American SUterv
 I hrrr i« no snirr of rf .•.ge.oflog.ral irtmvn moie
 &gt;rarrh.n? than Sportm-r.,’ Thi* nr« .ork &lt;lf*.
 tMWsi to lead to a rr rxamin.it ion of all former v
 tem* of political ecoißmiv.” At br*t blush hi- eco
 nomical proposition* «trike u* a* &lt;=u*! unable a,,'
 they are so, his work w,U prrr;„|, and pr-nlta-e a
 important rrTolufion in thr present prevailing
 tern, i
 Lvery one diouid read it.”
 i J’M-V 'R&gt;H. Publisher, Bo*ton.
 Part 1. Price 25 Cent*.
 Ilarfs lrgrtable Extract
 I- the only mne.lv that tan U- r. lied &lt;&gt;n fir the
 permanent eure n| &gt;|,a*modic Contractions, Irrita
 tionol ihe.Nerv, Nervous or S„ k Headache
 n iT rtV ,M rS Affection.*. Gene,*
 Debdity, tVfioiene) of Nervous and Phmcal Ener-
 Ualf I l7r'“" h.. 10 the inont
 dreadful of all di,fa«e s ii.,t ..ffecf tl e 1,.m an rare—
 t.jMlrjxy, or Path*, .\,rL*. *.~Hy Mer ical Fits
 oiivulsion*, Spasm-, &amp;c It well known, that
 Iroui time iininen.onPln*irians hate pronoiuieed
 hpi eptie h ,r- inrunMe. It ha* Ikifiled ail their
 skill, and (lie l&lt;oasl.d power of all ineiiicine, and
 ronsr&lt;i|iit ntl\ U ve s.iflercd thronah a mi*.
 er.ihlee\i«tfnee. and it la&gt;t vielded up their live* on
 the Altar rf Irtiwtiity. he jm.pMHorof the VrfM
 able KxtnieMmwem feel,,, sating
 that it ran ruled. He would, therefore, respect
 lullt intite phv.-ie.'aii-, and all others who air inter
 esieo, to vanii'ie the teslimonv whieii t- here offered.
 II it I- deception, let it lie exposed but if it i*
 turn, then m the name ol humanity, no longer let it
 lie -aid that Kpilepst is incurable.
 Heart v rgrtaHe Kxtrart. —For sixteen year*,
 ha- been t. sled l&gt;\ mant persons who have suffered
 with thi- dreadful dissase, and in etevt ease where
 it has had a tail trial, has effected a tieimaneni
 eure.
 f ul. Ih'nslott ol linkers, New oik, states that
 his daughter has Ueu afflicted with Fils for more
 thani nine years, and lias been cured hv the use of
 the vegetable Extraet.
 Mrs. I. I'nadey. 11.1 Orchard efreet. New York
 stales that she has Urn subject to Fits for many
 tears, and lias Ueu restored to perfect health (after
 every other means had failed) by the use of the
 c^e table Extract.
 Hr. Charles A. Brown, of Ib.vrr, Russell co.
 Alabama, ttho ,s one of the best Pht*ieia„* in the
 .date sat s that lie has lieen iimeh lienefitfed by the
 use of the eatable Ext,., and that he
 ...oi) preserilies it every ease of Epilepsy which
 comes under his knowledge.
 ,li 'ii lMi ,&gt;err lonr.erly Postmaster
 at lame Mills, rawford Co., Pa., now living m
 'i slates that for inanv years past lie
 has l&gt;een sorely afflicted w ith Fits, 'and lie is now
 happy to state that a pel severiii-* u-e of Dr. Hart’s
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health
 being entirely freed from that worst of all diseases!
 Judge Randall, N 156 Hem v street, New York
 h.iving usetl the Vegetabl** F.xtraet successlullv in
 lus family, highly recommends it to alt iicrsons 'who
 are aft)ii ted with Fits.
 iM. Stephen E. Pratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 i and rwentv-SiMh street, New York, states that
 Mr. lias, 11. Houghton, a inemlwr of his family has
 lieen so severely afflicted with Epileptic Fits for
 many yeais, that he was obliged to relinquish his
 business. Having toed Dr. Hart's Vegetable Ex
 tract (says Mr. Pratt,) he was soon restored to
 perfect health, and left this city for the State ol
 i Ohio to resume Ins business,
 j Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. Peters Churcn,
 I Spot snood, New Jersey, who lias been afflicted’
 with Epileptic hits for more than forty vears, statei
 that lie has used Dr. Hart’s V egetable Extract, and
 his health lias lieen so much improved that he hop* a
 j by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 EptlejAic Fit*. For twenty-seven years and *ix
 Seme™ e U-C 0i tb,B ,rUj WHukrful
 Read the follow ing remarkable case of the son of
 m. Secore, L S q, 0 f Philadelphia, afflicted wiSy
 Epileptic Fits twenty-seven year, and six months
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, Ger
 many and France, consulting the most eminent
 physicians, and expending lor medicine, medical
 ti ewement and advice three thousand dollars, returned
 with his son to this country in November last, with
 out receiving any benefit whatever, and was’ cured
 by Using Hart’s l rgrtabh- Extract. —l have spent
 ov&lt; r three thousand dollars for medicine and medical
 attendance. I was advised to take a tour to En
 tope with him which I did. I first vi-ited England
 1 Consulted the most eminent physicians then* tr!
 respect to hi.-&gt; ea*e; they examined him and nre»cri
 lied accordingly. I remained there three months
 Without perceiving any change for the better which
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollar*, .«cF
 eted by the physicians, and the rnoM that I received
 was their opinion that niv son V ca« e was hoi^-le,-
 garosiWEu in.:, iublb!
 Jett England travelled through Scotland, Germany
 and I irinee, and returned home in the month of
 November last, with m\%,n as far from l-emg cured
 as when l left, I saw your advertise, in one of
 the New l ork and conclmled to trv Hart’s
 Vegetal* Extract, seeing your statements and
 certificates ol so many cures, some of twenty and
 thirty year* standing, and I can assure you I am not
 .*ony I did so, as by tlm use of Vegetal.le
 liruTii ir Wiii restored to PERFECT
 HEAI.I H. His reason, which wa* so fai gone as to
 until him tor business is entirely restored, with the
 pro-pect now liefore him of Jde, health and useful
 ness. He is now 2H years of age, and 27 years b
 months of this time has lieen afflicted with tin*
 most dreadful of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjuyitig
 Now, sir faith w.rho,.» work* I don’t Inhere
 in. In say I shall be ever grateful to you is one
 thing, and as I here en&lt; lose you one hundred dollars
 1 have no doubt but you will think this anotlier and
 quite a different thing. Ihe debt .U gratitude I stdl
 owe you; but please accept tins amount a* uilereM
 on the debt m advance.
 Yours, very respectfully
 (signed) WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY I PON TESTIMONY
 In reference to the almost miraculous ettieacy of
 Urns truly wonderful medicine, read tin- lolloJm*
 one ot tlw most eminent phy.iciarw in that place:
 Ouilford, Ohio, Auguxt 17
 Brutlier laborer in the cause of humanitv-Dear
 sir: It with no small ilegree of pfe a «or. that I
 am enabled to amiounee to you tlm complete triumph
 of your invaluable medicine in c ases of Epilepsy I
 heve preaeribed it in four instance* in Uo* vicinity
 and it lias lieen inghly smeessfuj m all. Three o!
 'be (latienls, 1 trust, have been radically cured.
 Ibe touttb one is rapidly improving, anil will, I
 think without doubt recover. I am n«»t in tiie habit
 of jiresc ribing or recommending patent medicines
 Imt wlien 1 *ee an article which prummes m&gt; murli
 lor tie* relief of suffeung humanity, I feel my duty
 Vt recommend it, and 1 liave no liesitatuu m say
 mg dial a* soon a.- rh- faculty are fully acquainted
 with tlie real merit of your medicine, they will
 close their eye* against prejudice ami land'you u
 helping hand. 1
 I sulwcrilje inyM-lf yours, sincerely,
 fSigoed) VV. L MONKoE, M. I»
 To Dr. ri. Hart, New York.
 THE TIME is NOT FAR DISTANT
 Ulan tDmtandv wlio are K ,w tremblmif uwler
 tlie hand of this dreadful fearing d»i
 every attaik may prove t»UI, w,U f „nau*ul
 relief ami U rested to new Sifr, by usun, this
 OVER ONE IHOISAND CERTIFICATES
 Have l*tn received testimony of the Benetk...
 '.TvXZt y ,&gt;r&gt; Vegeta-
 OTF Prepared by R. HART, M D New York.
 Price, one package 00
 Do four package, 10 00
 lb. eight package, M
 It carefully pa- ke-t up for trans
 portatiou, and vend to any part of t«a- I n,led
 ‘t'T.’: J. rXAM Mexico, sue! Wot Indie-
 THOMAS L MILS, 169 Main vtreet. Cut
 cmnati, Ohio, (senerai Agents for the f'mtcd
 late,, to whom all wsiubuiiiciliijm must be ad
 dressed Post Paid.
 A P Corner of Fuhoo and Wiiitatn St
 New York.
 ade, Mam k St. Pauls Rochester,
 HolUdge, 217 Mum street Buffalo,
 H. Jr E. Gaylord, Agents for Cleveland Ohio,
 Fay it KiUbourae, f '«lw&gt;Uu,
 J. G It G. Ii FliU, Detroit, Michigan.
 Wm. Cuiuuitghais, Miliwaukie VVu
 J. K Reed, and Co., Chicago Id.
 I*oct. T. Mason, Dulutquc lowa.
 H- Bhuktlry, aud Cx»., J*t- Lour* Mo.
 Ami for Hale fry most of the principal Dnqggittj,
 threughuut the Furled States
 THOMAS MILLS, 1«V Mam .tx W
 Sep a.—ly r .tv. y, .GsWMt^OSiji
"
