"FRKI'ERH'K MCtiIASS,
VOL. 11. NO. :U.
1,0 NT\lt j» rvpn
 rinlay, nl So. 25, Huflalo Hirer!,
 ((kftpovit* tht A't/uif.)
 TF.RMS.
 TVo j**r rtnntrt), er/wiv* i* A'hnnr*. No
 #u'.»(Tipt|, n will tw* r«v(?iv**&gt;l I.&gt;r a lr&gt;.» term than
 r niOHtllH.
 A rH'iit not *&gt;\r*"&lt;Min|{ ten line* in-*ert«l
 lire;* ti no. |.ir nr,o ct.illir; r\err' Mll;i«*&lt;jneiit in««-r
 -tum, twenty-iivr* rent*
 I'll» ohiret i.f tl*e No r r II S I t R will lie to attack
 Fi.yti kv in til it* form* an.l .i«|*rrt.; advocate
 I mmoi Kn t mi r trios exalt tiie Marulanl
 l’i hi ii M .p, vi u y, promote the moral and in*
 1 Ill'll impin' erne,lt of live CoIOHFIi f*»OPI I
 -ten ilie L»v &lt;&gt;t FRF.F.tniM to the Three
 M. x of mil Fsxtvtf li Feii.ow ('ol’!l
 -mo&gt;
 I*l r.USUKK s NOTH’EM.
 j- comm i ii&lt; a!i&lt;ms r« laiimy to the butinrtt
 t/ft i *|.e !»t|&gt;ei, name n| *ulr o itirr*. rein it
 l U Mild lie addrer ed ro Jon x Hn K,
 J l,r i
 if -ind all other* ‘■ending name*, are
 I 111 le irrui ole, and five tie* i'oxf &gt;jft‘
 m l the Vj/» 1 irh Soli rril» i i i:n
 .iitteh etc.tiled I n iii.owy received.
 V..y prison on loin hi the pavtnent ho four
 tolk-i*. to I,* I. tw arded to one ad.lie may
 h tve i fifth ro t v I &gt;i one ten
 i./- til leii, i oid i •inmilnn Htioii.r mu-t l» po-l
 a.d.
 1.1" I i*F M.I’ATS
 Mv VI ill &gt;ll K I W ahull Zl, ('-.lulull,
 1* ton ■lion I &gt;1 ■;i ./i, N.-.y Bedford: Horatio W
 i t. i, I .owe 11 lon. N linffum, l.ynn: Georye
 Fr iii-, Worce-ma l*&lt;i,nine Spooner. Flymoiitli
 f'narle 11 S.ili, Spi in -In l.i Ihivid Uuggks
 .Northampton; II 4* ,i[&lt;*-:ii&lt; i, I pton.
 Mum —till,n lii-niien, I’oitland.
 S t ioinvi lc,n I an 1 I li.,hin«,n, Nortii Fer
 tl htlU.
 i'i.v.l iii ii Joiiiili iii Leoiiar 1, H iven
 Ni n II t M i*mi IK r i .ue 'I ijip.in, Bradford.
 i \v York. -Sydney II Gar. 112, .\:i--au
 Sued; J iiiie* Met line Simih Mil. e.-t Bioadrv ay
 J ej,!i W i-linn v, ((iiis-ii &lt;'minty Mary ll.u
 p i 11, uty Fli.i' 1 1 Ma*'i lon ilh tt Kee»e,
 Peni In,ion t'onntr illi.im S Baltimore, Troy;
 .I t 1' I ,i i, I', nn Nan; J. Ji ifrev. Genera Id. I
 -1-1.1!. Hath.
 Ihinin Im.imi.— Xniarciiry Paine. Providence.
 |'i vr vi r y m v. .1. M M 1\ nn, 111. l\m ih f ill Ii
 So. l. Plnl i lelpina G. Gome-, K F.H'lia me
 PI i e, liltin', B. P.i,yvii.Pilt*lnir»li; Win. W liip|Ki.
 f '.ilninliia I-.l ie ItuU rh, Jaml, 1,. Piivo.i, N«.m—
 i.,w a, Moiitootiieiy t'oiiatr, Milo A. Town end.
 N. P.liahlon.
 41it i«i. —4 'nri-iian itonaldson, ineinnagi; at
 ,ii and Go.lie-, 1 lit to il&gt; i.tine i. Itol-oii. Hal
 ve’. Gin'll. ail,’ll 4'.,.; '-aiulH’l Brm.he, Sah-nl.
 Vl i iin.tr. Kolea I Bankl htioil.
 I in y y.—.l .1 P. Haris, Ihonomy, Wayne &lt;’o
 _ j
 Selection s.
 I i. in liir A in i-Slavri r Standard
 Al H. f AI.IIOI N.
 It is a satisfaction now anil then to
 see a Man in those l nited States.*
 Kven a had man is better than none at;
 all. It is encouraging, lor it looks as
 it there wt-re a possibility ot the Amer
 ican race regaining its stamina and re
 covering something ot the rough
 strength ot’character which ii had sixty
 or seventy years ago. It is a comfort,
 too, to meet with an actual, tangible
 Idea, how ever wicked it maybe, occa-j
 jon.allv. An idea that stands up by it
 self, in its own natural proportions, in
 stead of being razeed down to the reg-'
 illation «hmensious. Kven the sight ol
 Satan, liunsell, would he a welcome re
 freshment in the Limbo ol N anit\, or
 Paradise ofFools among
 tin* iiii.vi oinplolw-d ryiiih, ul.Nalui i- h.iud.
 Alioniv*', ui.'ti'lti'ii', m imhiiiiiU mixed.”
 And even tin* idea of the absolute Kx- j
 celleuce ofSlan-rv tbougb it may be,
 much worse, is much less disgusting
 titan the abortive monstrosities which
 trv to unite theoretical abhorrence ol
 Slavery with a daily practical support
 ol it.
 it is for this reason that we like to
 s&lt;-e Air. t 'alhottn stand up belore the 1
 Nation,and boldly give utterance to t he j
 idea with which hois possessed. He is
 not absolutely admirable, it must be
 admitted, anti bis doctrine is the very
 Abomination of Desolatitm; but one
 cannot help feeling a -oil of respect
 for a man who takes no council til ex
 pediency, even in the \v&lt;n«t of causes,
 and who has a scitletl, thslmet, definite
 purpose, however abominable, to which
 he bends till his powers and every etr-
 r (instance he can control. As was
 ml ul Lala\o|fe, when he set out on
 mail-cap t:\peililiou to Ami-iica,
 vyhatever vve may think ot Jus prudence
 we cannot help admiring his spirit, lie.
 holds slaves and he defends it He
 iii.imtaue slavery to he the natural
 condition of the colored race,beneficent
 towards them, ano essentia! to a yvell
 ordered t ‘ontmonw eallb.anil.ol course,
 Be promo!t:s it. i lie light tuthe Anglo
 Saxon to make lieu yvith ilit; African lie
 regards as hnunb d in Nature and j
 j uarantee«l h&gt; tin* people ot the 1 mted
 States Therefore he icm-is any tit
 leillpt to Coniine the e\	:rcise of this
 natural and social privilege within any
 spec tie territorial limits. Wherever
 i free and 4&gt;nlightened \menean may
 incline to go. thither he may he follow
 ed bv a Negro, as the shade pursues
 Die substance. And lie is proportionally
 indignant at those Peter Nchlemipls uho
 would not only striji otftliejr own shall
 ows bill then neighbour s too.
 It is a characteristic of the Amen, an
 People; yyliirn has been losteM'il by
 tl.i u institution-, that they prefer ball
 an id» a t,» a whole one. I hey not
 merely think that half a loaf is better
 iban no hn ail Put (hat is is better
 Hi »u awbolo one Therefore 'alhoun
 and In- party ai the South, and I iarris
 uii and hi- friends at the North, are
 equally i ejected by Du men of their
 generation. Loth go too thoroughly to
 tin; root ot llie matti i for those who
 hate to look beyond the tips of the brail'
 i hi* Lai b arc l*»i whole measures
 and iii**'* s-a ll i\ make iitti omfortablc
 thos«* who hv&lt;* m halt ones. They are
 equally b*&gt;li! and uneomjiromising in
 their opinions, their language and their
 policy, ami they unavoidably shock the
 timid and the timeserving: those on tin
 one hand, who a-r** content with their
 practical enjoyment of their slaves tin
 ier the Constitution, and those, on the
 other who feel mole the scandul than
 the -jui of Slavery, and wlio ask only to
 permitted “to live in decencies forev
THE NORTH STAR.
er.” To this claw South and Xorth.
 such politicians as day and Benton
 are perfect Godsend*. They serve as
 “Feather hel twixt cattle wall
 And heavy brunt of cannon bail.”
 They furnish a teriium quid, a middle
 quality equally removed from two ex
 tremes of the National problem. They
 take an idea and split it in two and
 triumphantly hold up the moiety as a
 proof of the truth of Jthe philosophic
 paradox of old time, that the half is
 more than the whole. Anything that
 shifts responsibility, that defers action,-
 that puts farther off the evil day of dos
 ing something, is a welcome boon.
 Clay's adjournment ol the question to
 the Greek Kalends, or the next day af
 ter never, as the children say, and-
 Benton’s movement to restrict Slavery
 within its existing boundaries, carefully
 holding on to his own slaves and letting
 his neighbour's slaves alone in the
 most resolute matiuer, both meet a
 want in the American market.
 There is'a tine vein of contempt per
 vading Mr. Calhoun's last Address to
 the People of the South, towards Mr.
 Benton, which comes from him with a
 good grace. Whatever else he may
 he, Mr. Calhoun is consistent. He
 does not reprobate Slavery, and cleave
 to it at the same time. He does not
 flunk that what is good in South Caro
 lina will become bad by being trans
 ported to California. Through life he
 has been faithful to the Peculiar Institu
 tion. Nobody could ever mistake bus
 position. There was never a question
 made about that. He has never blown
 hot and cold upon the mess of potage
 which he prizes as his birth-right. He
 has a complete and peifect idea for his
 guide. Mr. Benton has hut a very
 imperfect fraction of one for his. Sla
 very is an Absolute Good, says Mr.
 Calhoun, and is, therefore, to he cher
 ished and propagated. Slavery is in
 itself an Evil, virtually says Mr. Ben
 ton, and therefore should not he per
 mitted to curse a country which is now
 free from it. Why not endeavour to
 remove it from your own State, w hich
 already suffers from its blighting influ
 ences' is the natural and inevitable
 question which arises. Why retain
 your properly in your own chattels, if
 such be the nature and effects of man
 ownership: If Slavery he bad as an
 article of exportation, it cannot be bet
 ter as an ai tide of home consumption.
 If an embargo should he laid for the
 protection of California from Slavery,
 sui'ely an effort should be made for the
 deliverance of Missouri from it. If
 rum and brandy be ill-assorted with
 missionaries in a cargo to Heathen
 'ands, they call loudly for extermina
 tion in our own. Admit Mr. Calhoun’s
 premises, and hjs conclusions will
 beat-the test of the severest logic. Mr.:
 Benton’s conclusions, on the other hand
 trip up the heels of his premises. Or
 rather, he has, logically nor morally,
 neither premises nor conclusions to his
 reasoning. It is a chain loose at both
 ends and can serve neither as moorings
 for Slavery nor Liberty.
 In fact there are hut two ideas in
 the United States. The one is Slavery
 and the other is Anti-Slavery. All
 others are but the disjecta membra, the
 scattered limbs, of massacred Ideas.
 Tariff and Anti-tariff, Free Trade and
 Protection, Bank and Sub-treasury,
 yea, even Free Soil itself, rest upon no
 great principle, appeal to no Eternal
 Truth for their sanction. The first are
 mere schemes of policy, about which
 men differ according as they affect
 their interests, present or prospective.
 Their ultimate appeal is to the Day
 Book and Ledger, to the returns of Ex
 ports and Imports, and to the quarter
 ly statements of the Revenue. And
 the last carefully abstains from going
 to the foundations of things existing,
 and scrupulous ly protests against being
 supposed to intend tj shake them.
 With Slavery within the United States,
 and as protected by the Constitution,
 it does not pretend to intermeddle. It
 shudders at the extension of what it is
 willing to tolerate. This is, plainly,
 hut a very small segment of the Great
 Idea which is to abolish Slavery. That
 Idea aims at the entire and utter exter
 mination of its Antagonist, now, with
 out delay, wherever it exist*, and at
 whatever cost of political institutions
 or pecuniary interests. It takes no
 counsel with flesh and blood. It sees
 the uiiliness of Slavery and its inherent
 abominations, and considers the past
 and present consent of the Nation as
 of no account, except as an increas
 ed motive for instantly getting rid of it.
 No oilier idea has vital power and en
 ergy enough to meet the necessities of
 the case. It is this alone that will fi
 nally triumph. All attempts to do its
 wink by employing its fragments must
 fail. Even their success, were it a
 possible thing.would h*3 imsehiveous as
 distracting the general mind from the
 real question at issue,from the solu
 tion of the great Enigma.
 The more distinctly the two opposite
 ideas can be brought into palpable an
 tagonism, tiie better. The mischief ot
 every half measure, and imperfect idea,
 is that it presents or retards their join
 ing buttle. It is the great strategy of
 the best friends of Slavery to protract
 the day of battle. Their policy is Fa
 bian. Their hope is in delay. And
 the ill-advised schemes of well meaning
 persons for the restriction of what
 they should destroy, helps this policy of
 these Teneinies of the human race.
 Now Mr. Calhoun is honourably dis
 tinguished from all these classes of men
 bv the definiteness of ins position, the
 unmistakableneas of his doctrine, aud
 the uncompromising consistency of hie
 public and private life. It is an meati
 a,able advantage to have an eneni)
 that you know where to find. He u
 no Proteus that will change his »hap«
 as soon as you grapplt with him. I 1
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TR!'TH IS OF NO 001/IR— OOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
i will be a fair combat until the dead
 struggle. Let us ha\c the questioi
 fairly stated 11 Slavery be a blesser
 thing let us all acknowledge its divimtj
 and submit to its sway. If übe of it:
 father the Devil, let us exorcise it an&lt;
 send it back to the bottomless pit Iron
 whence it sprung. Hut let u« no lon
 j ger try to make it out a sort of hybiu
 j between Heaven and Hell. Let ui
 settle its character and behave our
 selves accordingly. Had v'c no antag
 i onists but those of character and tein
 Mr. Calhoun, we should soon Ik
 j able to bring tbe matter to a point
 I And our endeavour should be to com
 pel all man to take as decided grount
 ias he, on the one side or on the
 joflter. While we arc ever willing t&lt;
 frtake allowances for imperfect reach
 j iogs after the rigid, we should be evei
 careful lhat they should never be look
 led at area flMaininc.J, Or even a nea
 approach of it. It we learn of our one
 inies and are but as wise in the genera
 tion as Mr. Calhoun is 411 his, w&lt;
 need not fear for the result.— f.. *4.
 From ilw* ("lirononi*-.
 SOI Til CAROLINA.
 Though we have already called atten
 tion to the rich case of the Liberty o
 the press and the Post Office in tin
 little kingdom, we cannot pass it b\
 without giving in full the document!
 which illustrate it. Let it be remcnv
 bored that the only crime alleged 01
 suspected against Mr. Parrott is tlx
 dropping into the Post Office of a cer
 tain printed document signed ‘‘Brutus.’
 1 This was printed word for word in the
 Chronotypc of July *JOth. It is noi
 an anti-slavery document as our read
 ers know. Indeed, it has not a word
 directly condemnatory of slavery, an&lt;
 not one questioning the right of the
 planters to own and Hog the slaves al
 tlieirwill. It merely exposes the injus
 tice of the large slaveholders towards
 the free white laborers, and showing
 that the Constitution of South Carolina
 is not in fact republican, proposes
 meetings of the citizens according to
 constitutional tight and form to make
 it so. The whole address is merely a
 constitutional discussion of points of
 difference between two classes offtec
 white men. For circulating such a
 document, the following beautiful pro
 ceedings are had against a free citizen
 of Indiana. The private letters picked
 out of his pocked do prove, to he sure
 that lie and his friends proceeded with
 some caution and secresy, hut it damns
 South Carolina below all Austrian, be
 low all Russian, below all Turkish,
 below all CVim Tartarean, below all
 Holy inquisition Despotism, that for
 such an object they had any need of
 caution and secresy.
 If there ever was on earth, in the
 heavens above it or the waters under it,
 or ever will he, any suiollieration of
 thought and discussion so cowardly and
 complete—if there ever was a hand of
 slicep thieves, or hen roost pirates, put
 upon a hush more jealous, utter and
 profound, we heg to know it. The Eu
 ropean chokers of the Press cannot be
 gin to come up to what lias been ac
 complished in South Carolina. Why,
 these precious republican scamps cool
 ly taunt with dishonesty the men who,
 in the exercise of their constitutional
 rights, in order not to he lynched by
 their “Vigilance Committees,” keep
 their own counsels. Silence they take
 as plain proof of mischief.
 God knows w e are no Pharisee, and
 do not despise our fellow men because
 they are either weak, foolish or wicked,
 knowing our own multitudinous infirmi
 ties, sins and iniquities. We can see
 and admire goodness in a slaveholder,
 and even venerate, lor many things, a
 man w ho perpetrates what we conceive
 to he a self-evident wrong. But the
 nabobcracy of South Carolina assume
 such a kid glove sanctity and unap
 proachable holiness at the altar of re
 publicanism, they affect to he so much
 better and braver than anybody else,
 while human petticoats never yet con
 cealed sucli hysterical timidity at any
 thing as they show at the sight of a
 printed hook, that we fairly confess
 we never more enjoyed the fun of stir
 ring up a nevt of rattlesnakes with a
 long stick, than we do that of pestering
 them on the subject of slavery. Here
 is the evidence of “guilt,” published
 in the Spartanburg Spartan.
 We will give the curious affair with
 the Postmaster Legg, to-morrow.
 JOHN M. BARRETT, THF. ABOLITIONIST.
 This personage has, doubtless very
 unexpectedly to himself, achieved an
 unenviable notoriety in a very short
 tune; what may he tiie penalty of this
 notoriety remains to he seen by the
 aw ard of the law. The charge under
 which lie was arrested is punishable by
 twelve months' imprisonment and &gt;ll*oo
 tine. But he may he indicted under
 the arrest for any crime of which the
 State’s Attorney may think himself able
 by competent testimony to convict the
 prisoner. There is more than a possi
 bility Barrett may he indicted for an
 offence, the penalty of which is death
 without benefit of clergy: and assured
 fv, if convicted, all the abolitionists in
 the United States cannot save him.
 If this man be the innocent victim,
 as lie pretends, of unknown incen
 diaries, who write to him at almost
 every point in the State, and charge
 him with the care and distribution of
 their infamous documents, why the re
 petition of the kindest advice and cau
 tiuii: Why the delicate flattery for his
 services r Why the enigmatical char
 acter of a portion of the correspondence
 addressed to him? They are his friends
 at least and appear to know and aj&gt;-
 preciute their man. Ihe billowing let
 ter fixes we think conclusively the
 place of publication of the “Brutus’
 and true “Carolinioiao. In the lettei
 are two enclosures addressed lo twe
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1819.
i ■highly valjcd citizens of this Stale,
 i! containing copies of Brutus:
 T» J M: If am It Fosf tnarktd
 Cincinnati, May 1*», |kU*.
 Dear Sir.:—Having learned that
 you arc traveling in South Catalina,
 1 I take the liberty of requesting you to
 ’t drop into some post office along vor
 route the enclosed letters. Although
 comparatively a stranger to you, I
 take,this liberty because I wish to
 oblige a “Caroliniau who desires me
 to take some plan of communication
 w ith his friends, which will not by the
 post mark reveal bis present location.
 Be kind enough to destroy this when
 you have read it. You will pardon ine
 for not signing iny name, but that you
 may know I am to he relied upon, 1
 w ill just name that Messrs. E. Har
 wood Co., have, sjtnt you S'2o to
 Columbia, S. OV“*
 The following letter contained some
 j twelve to fifteen enclosures addressed
 tovniious portions of the Slate, and
 containing the Brutus address. It was
 directed to Charlotte, N T C\, and for
 warded to Barrett at this place. This
 is the letter referred to last week, the
 handwriting of which is probably known
 to a friend of oin s, and w hich w e ex
 pect to verity soon; and here we will
 add for the benefit of Berrett’s corres
 pondents in Cincinnati, Ohio, and
 Dublin, Indiana, that our Committee
 of Vigilance will take the necessary
 measures to procure the real names of
 j those anonymous gentlemen who are
 so very desirous of remaining unknown.
 YVc will strip off their incognito, and
 I if we can do no more will hold them
 up in their true characters to the scorn
 and contempt of the honorably disposed
 in every poiiion of the country; the
 traitorous gentleman shall have the
 most conspicuous niche in the temple
 of infamy. The Rev. S. F. Chase is
 a gentleman compared to him.
 Cimcnnati, Ohio, June l.’», 1810.
 Mr. Barrett, Dear Sir: A friend
 of mine from South Carolina w ishes
 me to write to some one there, and
 get him to deposit in some office with
 in the State the letters accompanying
 this. I thought of sending them to
 some one of my friends who reside
 there, hut as they are also acquainted
 with him his object would ho defeated,;
 as he does not w ish them to know of
 his being here. While you arc travel
 ing intuit State I thought it would not
 he inconvenient for you to accomodate
 hirn in this matter. I have sent some
 also t-&gt; other persons, with the same
 request. As lie pays the postage on
 these packages, it will cost you and
 them nothing but tito trouble «l' deposi-,
 ting. For his own reasons he desires
 ttliattlicy he dropped into different offi-j
 ccs, and he particularly desires that j
 you should not deliver them to any ol
 the persons yourself, should you have
 them in your way. it is unnecessary j
 for you to know the object he lias in
 view’.
 You will much oblige flic, and in
 deed I will take it as a great favor, itj
 von will not give the slightest hint to
 any one of this matter; and in your
 correspondence with your friends here,
 you need not allude to it at all. You
 need not even acknowledge that you
 have received the package from me,
 except it he in a letter addressed to
 myself. 1 hope you will return in bet
 ter health than you left us. —I am, dean
 sir, very respectfully yours.
 P. S. 1 was about signing my name, 1
 hut iny friend suggested 1 had better
 not, as by some means this may tall
 into other hands, and thus his friends
 in C. get a hint of his being here, j
 You will therefore excuse me for not
 doing so and guess at mine.
 But the Rev. Dr. S. f Chase, who
 probably has no affinity with South
 Carolina whatever, scorns the anony
 mous in addressing his dear John, and
 boldly signs his name, setting the
 chances at defiance, probably desiring
 i that the “floorer” of Dr. Curtis should
 he more widely known than he was
 likelv to he by ordinary means. This
 champion of the “Ph” alter the signal j
 and disgraceful defeat ot Dr.
 and Dr. Smith, annihilating Dr. urtis
 in the argument, and alter praying for
 the soul and body of dear John, gives
 the result of the tight, w ithout touching
 details. The Dr’s prayer has been
 answered, for John s sole, or even
 so/e*, are in little danger ol damage
 before next October. It thi3 emptv
 headed Levite who blows the horns of
 the temple, for the people to lister, to
 his own glorification, is not satisfied
 with his honors, we trust the University
 of Ohio will add to that of Doctor, the
 honorary and honorable degree ol A.
 S. S.
 Cincinnati. Ohio, April &gt;W
 Dr John: Yours came safe to
 hand todav, finding us in the mercy of
 Hod, all well. I was glad to see vour
 name at the bottom ot the letter, and
 was still "lader to here of your welfare,
 and l hope ,u Sole and body. May
 the Lord bless you, and ifuc meet not,
 in time, may we meet in heaven. O,
 let us try for this. I found your friend
 well at' Dublin, V«ur father seemed
 well pleased to hear from you and ol
 your welfare, he thought it a hue thing
 and seemed well satisfied. Will,ami
 ,s working with brother Mommy and
 was much pleased to hear from you j
 The people of Dublin seemed very dif
 ferent towards me, all seemed glad to
 see me down my enemies. I could not
 get off until I gave Dr Curtis a t.mn
 -and l gave him a hard one. Your,
 lathe, was present and took quite an
 interest ,n the debate. It was toe
 opinion of many ot the citizen, that
 he was too hard for Dr. Singar, as he
 could not .peak offhand and Curtis
 rather a good .peaker. The people
 thought Singar’s written lecture wa.
 respectable, but the maaije. judge from
 other thing.. Curt«« had used up Dr J
I Smith on the evening I got there so
 bad. 1 left the room, they reported that
 II was afraid of him, this you know did
 not suit me, so 1 resolved to learn him
 a lesson and the thought 1 did
 learn him one, which will be of service
 to him before he commences another
 discussion. I never saw such a reac
 tion in the public mind before, the
 people would have plucked out their
 eyes for me.
 Our little Society is doing well in
 Dublin and their prospects are flatter
 ering for the future, many of the old
 friends spoke of you m kind terms.
 We commenced the exhibition of the
 Panorama in College Hall, Sabbath
 evening and our prospects arc flatter
 ing, I expect to go east by the middle
 of this month, I saw’ your epistle to
 Harwood k Co., this morning, your,
 letters are well received and will do
 you credit—the “Ph” ia growing and
 the meetings are interesting, and your
 letters give much intereit to them. If
 you regain your health and do good
 and get back safely, which I pray you
 may, the season will be ,well spent. I
 can’t say write soon, for I don't know i
 where I shall be. May the hand of
 heaven direct you in all you do. You
 w ill remember the importance of taking
 due precaution in matters when you
 reach your destination, the tone of the
 press in that quarter is quite fiery, they
 feel the charge of manitism, but don’t,
 know who charges the |ivire9. Many
 friends sends greeting, kc.
 S. F. Chase.
 This letter was directed to Barrett,;
 at Ashville, and forwanied from that
 place to Greenville, from there to
 Spartanburg, C. H. where Barrett
 took it out of the Post Office. It
 seems to us comment is unnecessary to
 point the irresistahle conclusion, that
 Dr. Chase knew he was writing*to an 1
 accredited agent of the&gt; Abolitionists
 whose Held of labor was South Caroli
 na. We present our readers with
 an extract from the secret correspon
 dence of Barett. Honest men, in an j
 honest business, with honest purposes, 1
 are not apt to need or use such modes
 of concealment, and it furnishes n
 strong presumption that Barrett had his
 reasons for shrouding in secresy these
 matters; undoubtedly he had the knj
 to unlock the enigma.
 1 Having written
 Should receive. I would
 Where you could most
 4 Should it be opened.
 I Letters to Greenville, Anderson
 •2 Urge the propriety of your
 ;t Safely get them, one of
 4 It is the one containing
 1 And Spartanburg, which
 •2 Having them forwarded
 Then especially may
 4 A letter to the P. Master
 I It is important you
 *2 To you to sonic point
 :I Give you some trouble
 1 General, as soon as you—
 The reader w ill commence at l and
 then go through all of them—then take
 the first ’2 and go through all of them'
 —then;! and 4 in the same way, and he
 has the secret; though it must be con
 feessed that even with this key our
 friends here have not been able to un
 derstand portions of the correspon
 dence.
 We submit to an enlightened public,
 that the exposition we have made ot
 the actings and doings of Barrett leaves
 no moral doubt of his lull guilt, and
 that our community stands justified
 in the eye of the country in de
 manding a legal investigation. It is
 true we have not given all the evidence
 in our power, policy ‘forbade that; but
 we have given enough to satisfy any
 reasonable man that our people have
 acted neither rashly nor harshly. It is.
 also true that the whole people of the
 State are indignant at the numerous
 and covert assaults made upon them,
 and that a few more detections will exas
 perate them to a degree wdiich will
 render even a jail a very unsafe place
 for the incendiary.
 Reason, argument, law, and even
 the Constitution of the country have no
 effect in staying the bigots, fanatics,
 and political knaves in their mad
 career. The decree has gone torth,
 Ur Inula esl Carthago," and Carthage
 must defend herself the best way she
 can. Kach State in the South must
 make her sovereignty felt, a.s well as
 make her voice heard, or their institu
 tions perish. If we cannot meet our
 foes in the field of battle, we have dun
 geons and scaffolds for their miscreant
 agents, and will use them.
 As this subject is one of deep and
 paintul interest to all of us, we shall in
 another article take up some matters
 collaterally connected with Barrett’s
 arrest and imprisonment, which will he
 found not only interesting but positively
 useful to the magistracy of the country.
 Weak of the Niagara Falls. —The
 710,000 tons ot water which each min
 ute p /ur over the precipice of N iagara,
 are estimated to carry away a foot of
 the cliff every year. Taking this aver
 age, and adopting the clear geological
 proof that the fall once existed at
 tiueenstown, four miles below,wc must
 suppose a period of twenty thousand
 years occupied in this recession of the
 cataract to it* actual site—while in the
 Della of the Mississippi, nearly four
 teen thousand square miles to extent,
 an estimate founded on its present rate
 of increase, and on a calculation of the
 amount of earthy matter brought down
 the stream, has justified Mr. Lyell iu
 alleging that sixty-seven thousand years
 must have elapsed since the formation
 of this great deposite began
 ftrltj Rtr'uw.
 Exolishml* asd the Slavl-tbade.
 People of all nations participate in
 the profits of slavery; a nrtat part of
 the brokering is conducted by respect*
able English houses: and indeed Eng
 lish people, after sojourning long ir
 Brazil, feel as little repugnance to the
 business as Spaniards or Portuguese
 English engineers build steamers foi
 for the trade, and then go in them a*
 first drivers. One of those vessels, ir
 May last, succeeded in landing, a little
 to the North of Rio, IUUO negroes, a
 cargo worth from €*£"»,tMM) to £30,000.
 This would have bought the ship and
 all she carried out for barter five times
 over. An acquaintance of mine, an
 Anglo-American, had a little before
 this brought safely’ to port, in a little
 brig, TmO. He as oommauder, earned
 between £OOO and £7OO and his crew
 in proportion. The sufferings of the
 negroes and the crews, during the
 now necessarily protracted voyages,
 are well known; and it is also a fact,
 known to those conversant with the
 subject that while the horrors of the
 passage are infinitely enhanced by the
 influence ot French and English crui
 sers, the trade is still supplied at the
 ratefof Oo.OOO,annually,and so long as
 there remains a market it will be so
 supplied, unless, instead of employing
 a few brigs and schooners, we could in
 reality wall in all Africa.
 C OLORED SCHOOLS.
 The American of the lOili iust., publishes
 the following Report of the Committee on
 Colored Schools. It is as interesting docu
 ment.
 Gentlemen:—Your Committee to
 whom was referred the petition of a
 number of citizens, asking the estab
 lishment of a Colored School on the
 east side of the River, and also the
 petition praying the removal of the
 Colored School on North Washington
 Street from that neighborhood, would
 respectfully report as follows:
 The questions presented in the two
 petitions are so identical and intimate
 ly connected, that we propose to give
 our views upon both in one report.
 Your Committee arc well aware ol
 the importance as well as the delicacy
 of the subject matters involved in the
 petitions-, and as the views herewith
 presented may he deemed a departure
 from other acts and precedents here
 tofore established by the Board of Edu
 cation in this city, we think it proper
 that the reasons which govern us, and
 the conclusions we have formed, be fully
 submitted.
 The subject of separate schools for
 colored children has often been agitated
 in our city. In January IHII, the sub
 ject was brought before the Common
 Council by a petition of a colored
 man, praying to bo relieved from pay
 ing taxes for school purposes, on the
 ground that colored children were not
 admitted into the public school. The
 petition having been referred to the pro
 per committee, [the Recorder being
 the Chairman) reported, “that no legal
 provision existed for th# education of
 colored children separate from other
 children, and that they have a right to
 attend common schools in Districts
 where they live, and arc liable to be
 taxed.”
 Such was the law as it then existed.
 Colored children then had the same
 right to demand and receive the bless
 ings of public instruction equally with
 white children. No inspector of color
 had then been placed at the door of our
 “Free Schools,” with power to exclude
 those whose only sin was the color of
 their skin, though more cleanly and bet
 ter behaved than scores of their more
 fortunate white neighbors.
 And it is here worthy cf remark, that
 in the erection of each of our School
 Houses and all the attendant expenses,
 those of the colored population owning
 property were taxed, and paid in pro
 portion equally with other citizens.
 By an act passed April 11th, 154.3,
 conferring certain powers upon the
 Board of Education in this city, it is
 provider! in Sec. Ir, I oat said Board
 shall have power to establish and cause
 to be kept, such number of schools
 for the instruction ot colored children
 as they shall deem expedient.
 Sec. IS provides that until such
 schools for the instruction of colored
 children chall be so provided, it shall
 not be lawful to impose any tax upon
 the property of any colored persons
 for the support of common schools
 Sec. 10 provides, that when the
 Board shall determine to establish
 schools for the instruction of colored
 children, they shall divide the city in
 to districts, and make an estimate ot
 the cost of erecting a suitable school
 house in each of said districts, and oe
 termine the sites thereof, and report
 their doings to the Common Council.
 See. '2O provides that the Common
 Council shall have jmwer to raise by
 geueral tax on a separate warrant such
 sum as shall be necessary to build a
 school house in each district or as many
 as they ma) beem expedient, not exceed
 ing in the aggregate the sum of $.7000.
 Sec. '2l provides that in case the
 Common Council shall refuse to raise
 such tax, the Board shall have power
 to provide suitable rooms or buddings
 for the accommodation of such schools,
 but the annual expenditure for this
 purpose shall not exceed five hundred
 dollars.
 By section Ist of an amendatory act,
 passed April llth, it is provided
 that the Board of Education, in addition
 to the powers and duties prescribed by
 the act hereby amended, shall have
 power, and it shall be their duty to
 pass such by-laws and ordinances for
 the regulation, government, control,
 and management, of the common
 schools in said city as they shall deem
 expedient.
 On the !3th of August, 1 the
 Board by an ordinance declare, tha&lt;
 “No teacher shall permit the atten
 dance of any colored child at nl
 ithe public school* other thwi tbon
JOHN DICK, Pi sushi*
WHOLE NO. 86.
organized for colored children, except
 with the consent of tlie Board of Edu
 cation.” Hee Section 11 of the Ordi
 nances,
 Such is a brief synopsis of the
 on this subject, under which the color
 ed school is now organized, an j under
 which another is now sought to be es
 tablished on the east side of the River.
 By the report of the late Superin
 tendent, B. R. Me Alpine, of Sept.
 1847, it appears that the whole number
 of colored children of school age in
 the city on the first of January of that
 year, was only HO, and that ail except
 1;] of them resided on the west aide of
 the River, that a sc! ol had been kept
 on North Washington Street ten
 months of the year, that the average
 attendance was only 148, that the whole
 expense for the ten months was $459
 SO. Without charging that school
 with any part of the sum for Superin
 tendent's salary and contingent expen
 ses, which was $llOO, one ltith of which
 is properly [chargeable
 and w hich would make 75
 to he added to the 4.79 HI
 and making the total sum of 55
 which for the average attendance
 would be---- II
 ami seventeen one hundredths per
 1 scholar.
 To what extent tlie colored popula
 tion on the east side of the River have
 increased since that period is unknown,
 and there is no certain or official in
 formation as to the exact number of
 colored children in the city of school
 age, but from such information as wc
 have been able to obtain, the whole
 number is now only about *O, and in
 the new City Directory, recently pub
 lished. we find only “H colored house
 holders on the cast side of the River,
 i and less than there were as stuted in
 the directory of 1817.
 The average attendance at the color
 ed school on North W ashington Street,
 the past year, as stated by citizens
 who have had ample means of informa
 tion, would not exceed while the
 expense of maintaining that school will
 amount to the sum of $4OO INI
 which sum if wc add, as be
 fore the one sixteenth of
 Superintendent’s salary
 and contingent expenses 08 7.7
 the total amount will then he $4OB 75
 or $l5 O*J per scholar for the average
 attendance, a sum entirely dispropor
 tionate, w hen we consider the expense
 on the average attendance of main
 taining the “Free White schools,” is
 less than $5 00 per scholar.
 Your committee believe that if the
 colored children were allowed free
 access to the public schools in etch of
 the districts where they reside, the
 whole numberthat would attend would
 not exceed sixty, and which would
 average four to cacli of the fifteen
 white “Free Schools” from which they
 are now unjustly excluded. This would
 not in the least increase the expense of
 those schools, and would save to the
 city the cost of maintaining any sepa
 rate schools for colored children, and
 which sum, if we should add another
 on the east side of the River, would
 amount to about SIMH&gt; 00 per year.
 Upon the ground of economy, then,
 we see that this system cannot be up
 held nor maintained a moment longer.
 And it is not believed that a separate
 school for the colored children is ad
 vantageous to them, but on the con
 trary they are seriously injured by
 such a system. The almost utter im
 possibility to procure a competent tea
 cher of their own color, the mortifica
 tion they must feel in being forced
 from the districts in which many of
 them were born and have ever lived,
 and where the property of their parents
 has been taxed to build commodi
 ous school houses which they are
 not permitted to enter, the dis
 tance which many of them would be
 compelled to go in our city, which
 covers an area of more than six square
 miles, many of them living upon the
 very borders of the city, grouped to
 gether in some “Rented Rooms,” in
 darkness and ignorance, there to seek
 education with all the attending disad
 vantages, arc objections to the system
 of sufficient weight to demand its re
 peal provided there were no others.
 If then, as we trust we have shown
 that the system of exclusive schools tor
 colored children cannot be maintained
 upon the ground of economy nor utili
 ty, upon what ground, was the system
 first established, and why has it beeu
 maintained' Wc, answer, it was first
 conceived and has been maintained
 solely m consequence of the “prejudice
 against color.” The system was es
 tablished in order to gratify a morbid
 public sentiment against the colored
 race, a species, yea, a relic of the
 organic remains of that public opinion
 which a lew years ago could stone and
 mob those who dated to assemble in a
 peaceable and lawful manner and speak
 the truth in relation to the bondage,
 degradation, and suffi-tmg of the color
 ed race
 But we trust that the enlightened,
 generous, and plulanthrapic portiou of
 the citizens of Rochester are as will
 ing to open the doors of their “I*re®
 Schools” to those whose only impedi
 ment is their color, as they are and
 ever have been to the poor destitute
 and degraded of other nations and
 climes. Why shall we close the doors
 of our school, upon those who can boast
 that they c,,, cn, crea
 ted by the *mt.e overruling Providence,
 children “hunger and thirat”
 for the bleasing* of knowledge and
 education— who have as much natural
 eight to enjoy the l*enet»cent effects of
 our “Free Schools” as those of a light
 er hue?
 Po not the colortd population h*&gt;« a
"
