"common interest, ye* a common roomr*’ Are
 *••7 not entitled to the common blessing*
 with us all I —Then let us no longer ester to
 the false and arbitrary distinction of a few or*
 pretenders. If these distinction* in
 and of themselves are without anv foundation
 in reason and juwice, as.
 “U* true, sad pity *tis, ,nw
 They are
 If u-s havs a right, if it J»*‘
 discriminations as to the complexion. V
 not the same right, *"d ual
 )T just. fore* to make the religious senti
 ments ol parenu a rest, or the physical for
 mation of children in other respect* as well
 as the color of the skin.
 Yv«r committee have searched in vain for
 a reason for continuing this barrier to out
 school*; none has been suggested worthy of
 the name of reason We have been told that
 the colored race are degraded, that many of
 them are filthy—that if they are allowed free
 acceas to our schools, many of our respecta
 ble citizens will withdraw their children and
 their encouragement from the schools. In an
 swer to such objections we can onlysav that it
 is a lamentable fact that many children (who if
 clean could boast of a white skin) attend our
 schools who are more degraded and more fil
 thy than colored children, aud we are free to
 say from personal observation that the col
 ored children of Rochester, so far as cleanlit
 ness it concerned, will compare favorably
 with an equal number indiscriminately selec
 ted from other children. And if we compare
 ihe number of colored persona charged with
 crime in proportion to the numbers of each,
 we And that they lose nothing by the com
 parison, taking into consideration their rela
 tive advantages If these reasons prevail, the
 •bjectora will be forced by their own argu
 ment to withdraw their encouragement froir.
 the schools, for perfect cleanliness and str.ct
 moral deportment, .with ail, even the white,
 cannot be found in any public school tn this
 city.
 One of the p.ominent causesot crime ia ig
 norance. Shall we aid in perpetuating it, by
 keeping in existence a system which has a di
 rect tendency tonvei the chains of ignorance
 upon the colored race by lending our sanc
 tion to the building up of unjust unnatural
 and cause-ess distinctions and castes in society l
 If we sav by our acta to the colored children
 “we are holier thrui you’’ we creite in them
 a feeling at once hostile towards us, we de
 grade them and we degrade ourselves. In
 stead of encouraging them to do good, we
 drive them to evil.
 Our country lias opened wide her doors
 and invited ttie oppressed of every land tc
 our shores, and they are admitted to all the
 right* and privileges of the native born—thus
 encouraging and stimulating all who mavseek
 their fortunes here 10 become good and wor
 thy citizens. Shall we do less with those
 whose birth place and homes are here—wliuat
 claim upon our justice and philanthropy ii
 uesistable*
 We therefore offer the following resolu
 non:
 Resolved. That the colored school on Nortl
 Washington street be d.scontmued, and tha
 it is inexpedient tc establish another culoret
 school in this city and that the ordinance for
 bidding the attendance of colored children 11
 our “Free Schools” be repealed.
 Hiram F. Hatch,
 Samuei, L). Porter,
 Edwin Pancost,
 Hiram C. Smith.
 August ttth, 1849.
 The report was accepted, and on motion U
 adopt,
 Mr Amsden said that although he con
 curred in the general sentiments of the report,
 he must withhold his assent from the recom
 mendation to discontinue the colored school.
 He thought that such a step would not meet
 the approbation of the patrons of the colored
 school or of those of the other schools, or ol
 the citizens generally.
 He suggested that the sense of the public
 in the premises might be tested bv granting
 permission to the colored children to attend
 the schools in the districts in which they re
 side, provided ihe trustees of such districts
 should concur therein, to which end he offeree
 an amendment to the report as follows:
 Resolved, that the ordinance of tha Boart
 of Education w hich prohibits the attendant
 of colored children at any but the colorec
 3chool be so amended as to allow those resi
 ding on the east side of the river to attend the
 schools in the districts in which they respec
 tively reside, provided that the consent of the
 trustees thereof be previously obtained.
 On motion the farther consideration of the
 matter was deferred until the next meeting ol
 the Board, and the report and resolutions
 were ordered to be printed.
 As ynexpected Sermon.—A correspon
 dent of the Ram s Horn, giving an account ol
 the First ot August Celebration, and thi
 matters connected therewith, in New Bed
 ford, Mass., relates the following. It is an
 example worth imitating.
 The richest thing of all w as what happened
 to-day, the President's Fast Day. Our friend
 Richard Thayer of Bridgewater, thinking the
 celebration was to-day, came to the city to
 attend] it, and fi .iding his mistake, he cast
 about |hmiself to see where he should go.
 Hearing the bell ringing at one of our Ortho
 dox churches and that being the only place
 he could seeui to find, he dropped in to hear
 what might be said on the occasion. Well
 the man of God who was to hold forth did not
 appear, and one of the pious (negro hating)
 deacons commenced the services, a- d after
 piayer and tuning and reading ihe Bible, and
 other j reliimnaries of a Congregational
 Church of 1849, which I do not understand,
 the good Deacon made known that they had
 been disappointed in their Minister; if there
 was any one in the house who had anything
 to sav; “ihe audience would be glad to hear
 from them.” Up rose Thayer and for aboul
 iilteeu minuted gave a real out and out Anti-
 Slavery discourse about individual sins in
 general, and national sins in particular. The
 audience was completely “knockstomshed.”
 The Deacon dismissed the meeting as quietly
 a» he could. 1 was told by one who was
 there that it was really rich.
 No Colonization. —We copy from the
 Bugle the foluw iug account of ptoceedings at a
 meeting ol the colored people ol Fort Wayne,
 lud. The meeting was called to take into consi
 deration the merits of an appeal made to the
 colored people of that state, by Win. W.
 urging them, if they would enjoy
 social, civil and political privileges,to colonize
 in Liberia. Ilete is the answer to that ap
 peal
 Resolved, l hat the enjoyment of life, liber
 ty, arid the pursuit of happiness belongs to us
 as an inalienable right trom our Creator, in
 common with all mankind
 Though denied in some things the full en
 joyment ol libertv and the pursuit of happiness
 at present, which are awarded to the wtm es
 yet we are determined to u*e all lawful means!
 and to continue m so doing, until we shall be'
 allowed the full privileges of American Citi
 zens, for oui foreUihers fought, bltd and died
 to secure for us and to us these things, m com
 mon with other citizen soldiers, m the Rev
 olutionary War.
 That, because wc are at present denied
 some of these rights in tfos State, we shoulc
 not abandon the hope of attaining justice lbr
 ourselves and our posterity, when ahead)
 the leaven of justice is beginning lo show m
 perfect work in huh* of the Eastern States
 and in some of the Western, though not ve
 arrived to a state of maturity, is so far un
 proved a* to assure us that patience and per
 reverence are onlv needed on our part; au&lt;
 we should at such a nine flee our country
 iontake the graves ol our fathers, desert Un
 places of our birth and the sceues of our child
 hood, we should show ourselves un worth)
 n.« enjoyment of those, ihiugs now withheh
 IiVW us.
That the Prince of SUverv and Stare
 holdio* .»«ver sprung o?oo tbeAnencan Peo
 ple a ivtorr sore and deetroetive scheme for
 ihe annihilation of the Free Colored People
 „f this lend, than the scheme of colonization
 in Africa. It never designed to do anything
 far our benefit but tn destroy. Let tt speak
 for itself “The moral, intellectual, and po
 litical improvement of people of color within
 the United Stales are objects foreign to the
 powers of thi* society.”—Address of Am.
 Cnl.Soc. to its Auxilaries, Af. Rep. vu. 291.
 That since the Colomxatiou Society ha*
 sent forth to the world this broad declaration,
 we feel insulted when asked to emigrate to
 Liberia, and when a colored man become*
 the tool of such society, or on his own re
 sponsibility advocates Colonization, we look
 npou him as recreant to the best good of hi*
 race.
 That, while we will labor to elevate our
 race and secure to them the enjoyment of
 equal civil and political privileges with the
 whites, we feel bound to labor to prevent our
 people from colonizing in Liberia; for every
 one that leaves this country for that Ameri
 can Golgotha, weakens onr hands and throws
 obstacle* in our way that arc hard to be over
 come.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST 17, 1849.
Colored Schools.

 On the first page of this week’s paper,;
 will be found a Report of the Committee on
 1 colored Schools, recommending the abolition'
 of such schools, and the admission of colored
 children into those of the districts. The Re- 1
 port is now under the consideration of the:
 Educational Committee, and may be defeated.
 We uodeistand that strenuous efforts will be
 put forth to compass its defeat; and that, as
 usual, the opponents of this just, wive and,
 liberal measure, will seek to attain their object j
 by means of the colored people themselves.
 It has been proposed that a petition should j
 be circulated among the colored people, pray- i
 ing the Committee to continue the colored,
 school on Washington street and, notwith
 standing the general intelligence of the colored
 people of this city, it is to be feared that many
 will take the side of proscription, sign such a
 petition, and become the instruments of their
 own degiadation, and that of their children.
 Nothing on earth would better please the
 I negro haters of Rochester than such a peti
 tion. It would be the most powerful argu
 ment in favor of the blind prejudice and
 haughty contempt with which the colored peo
 ple arc usually treated in this country.
 Wo should feel the most intense mortifica
 i' lion if, while many ol the most respectable
 white people of this city should be in favor of
 admitting our children to equal privileges in
 the use of our common schools, a single col
 ored man should be found opposed to the
 measure. It is very clear to us that the only
 way to remove prejudice, and to command
 the respect of our white fellow citizens, is to
 repudiate, in every form, the idea of our in-
 I feriority, by maintaining our right to civil,
 social and political equality with them. If
 we are in doubt on this point, our despisers
 may well be resolved. If they can only say
 that the colored man himself is impressed
 with a sense of his unfitness for equal privi
 leges, their own prejudices may be plausibly
 justified. For our own part, we are resolved
 to battle against all complexional distinctions
 among men. They are unnatural, and work
 nought but mischief and oppression in any
 community w here they may exist; and no
 j where may their injurious effects be seen more
 j clearly than in the condition of our colored
 children. They find themselves excluded
 from white schools, and they early learn that
 their complexion is the cause of their exclu
 sion. Tiie consequence is, they are induced
 to undervalue themselves, and to look upon
 white children as their oppressors. From this
 source may be traced hatred, combats, insults
 arid numerous other vices, vVhich serve to
 keep up a perpetual enmity between the white
 and black members of the community. There
 I is no reason, nor can there be any reason why
 a colored child should not be taught in the
 same schools with white children. The fact
 that one is black, and that the other is white,
 j makes no difference as to the office of educa
 tion. Both are in need of instruction, and
 both possess the capacity for it; and for one'
 class to deny to the other any right of educa
 tional privilege, on complexional grounds, is
 an insult offered to that God who made of
 one blood all the nations of men, for to dwell
 on all the face of the earth.”
 But w e put this question on another ground.
 It is evident that colored people will continue
 !to form a part of this commuity; and that
 j their influence in it, for good or for evil, will
 be considerable. They may either contribute
 to its prosperity, virtue and happiness, or they
 may become a serious drawback upon all
 these. To elevate and improve the colored
 people, is but contiibuting to the general good
 of the whole community and as it is evident
 that colored children will be in a much better
 position for improvement by sharing the ad
 vantages of the whites in the common schools,!
 than they can Ire in a separate and proscribed j
 establishment, no appeals to prejudice and
 pride should induce the Committee to reject!
 the Report in favor of admitting colored child- j
 ren into the district schools. The abolition of
 the colored school on Washington street, and
 the admission of colored children on equal
 terms with the w hites iuto the district schools,
 would be a noble example of justice and liber
 ality worthy ot the city of Rochester.
 We are happy to observe that the press of
 all parties approve the Report; and that, so
 i rtr as *ho more respectable of our citizens are
 concerned, there will be no serious objection
 to its adoption. '1 he only sources from which
 we have reason to expect opposition. are from
 a few ignorant colored men themselves, and
 from that low vulgar herd of whites, whose
 chief sense of then own consequence is de
 rived Irom their ability to abuse and insult
 w ith impunity those w hom they are pleased to
 term niggers.”
 It remains to be seen whether this under
 r!l,a of Rochester society shall rule the city
 on a question which iovolves, more or less,
 the happiness of all.— f. d.
Fair*! Fair*!
 Tne Ladies of the Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society are actively engaged in
 preparing for holding a setiea of Anti-Slavery
 I:r m neighboring towns. They have
 already mai* arrangements for two. One is
 U&gt; be held at Maced on, on Saturday next
 another on the following Tuesday, at Pal
 myra, and other* are tn Tbe
 Fii» to each of these places will be preceded
by Anti-Slavery meeting* We have rqasoo
 to believe that these assemblages will tend to
 quicken the slumbering seal of tome, and to
 stir ihe spirit* of all to greater activitv in this
 holy caune —r. n.
Father Matthew and Slavery.
 Nothing reveal* more completely and
 mournfully the all-prevailing pretence and
 power of the spit it of slavery in this land,
 than the sad facl, that scarcely a single for
 eigner that venlurres tn onr soil is found
 able to withstand its pernicious and seductive
 influence. Man after man has appeared in
 our midst, from whom, in view of hi* previous
 history, vte had reason to eipect a bold and
 uncompromising stand against this giant
 wrong, baa fallen before it. and drifted away
 m the pro-slavery tide of public opinion
 Many names might be montiooed —especially
 tboee of divines— England, Ireland and
 Scotland, known and distinguished at borne as
 the friends of the anti-slavery cause, who
 have, almost immediately on landing, deserted
 their principles, abandoned the cause, and
 linked themselves with the oppressors and
 haters of liberty, finding it much easier to sail
 with the popular breeze than to maintain their
 integrity. It would seem that the foul demon
 stands ready, upon all our borders, to reduce
 or overwhelm every man who comes within
 his reach.
 From our acquaintance with Father Matthew,
 we had fondly hoped that his would be a
 better fate; that he would not change his
 morality by changing his locality; but that he
 would nobly avow and stand hard by the
 principles he professed to cherish in his own
 land. We are, however,grieved, humbled and
 mortified to know that he too has fallen in the
 wake of his predecessors, and forsaken the
 cause of the oppressed, by pledging himself
 to the oppressor that he will remain dumb on
 the subject of slavery during his sojourn in
 this country. A more melancholy spectacle
 cannot well be imagined and though most
 painful to us, wre should be false to onr high
 obligations to liberty did we not expose this
 disgraceful apostaev.
 In the year 1842, Theobald Matthew signed
 an address from the people of Ireland to their
 countrymen and countrywomen in America,
 calling their attention to the subject of Ame
 rican slavery, denouncing the system as a
 foul blot, declaring that our land never
 could be glorious 90 long as its soil is pol
 luted by the footstep of a single slave”;
 affirming slavery to be the most tremendous
 j invasion of the natural, inalienable lights of
 man, and of some of the noblesi gifts of God;
 and say, What a spectacle does America
 present to the people of the earth —a land ol
 profesaing Christian republicans, uniting tneii
 energies for the oppression and degradation ol
 three millions of innocent human beings, tha
 children of one common Father, who suffer
 i the most grievous wrongs and the utmost de-
 I gradation, for no crime of their own, nor ol
 their ancestors! Slavery is a sin against God
 and man. All who are not for it must be
 against it; none can be neutral. We entreai
 you to take the part of justice, religion and
 liberty. We call upon you to unite with the
 abolitionists.”
 Such was Father Matthew's advice to hia
 countrymen in America, when he stood under
 the shadow of the British monarchy but oh!
 how different, how changed is hi* tune, when
 be treads the soil of this Republic! Within
 a few days, a train of circumstances has
 'compelled him to define his position and,
 j sadly enough, he has sought to find for him
 self a refuge, of which, seven years since, he
 denied the existence.— None can be neutral
 he then said. upon this point his mind has
 undergone a change. He note thinks he has
 found neutral ground. The circumstances
 leading to this development are briefly these
 The committee of arrangements appoiuted by
 the American Anti-Slavery Society to make
 preparations for celebrating the anniversary
 of West India Emancipation, addressed tc
 Father Matthew a letter, respectfully inviting
 him to be present, and to participate in the
 celebration. To make assurance doubly
 sure,” a committee was appointed, consisting
 of W. L. Garrison and Dr. H. I. Bowditch,
 to see that Father Matthew received the said
 letter; and at this interview, Father Matthew
 declared what it appears to us will be his
 policy during hia sojourn in this country. He
 said on that occasion, I have as much as I
 can do to save men from the slavery of intem
 perance, without attempting the overthrow
 any other kind of slavery. Besides it would
 not be proper for tne to commit myself on a
 question like this, under present circum
 stances. I am a Catholic pnest; but being
 here to promote the cause of temperance, 1
 should not be justified in turning aside from
 my mission for the purpose of subserving the
 cause of Catholicism.” He further said, “I
 am not in favot of slavery. 1 should never
 think of advocating it, though I don't know
 as we can say that there is any specific in
 junction against it in the scriptures.” Such
 seems to be the present position of Father
 Mathew and it is one of which, we have no
 doubt, his countrymen at home will be heartily
 ashamed. It is needless for us to expose the
 aophisttv by which Father Matthew seeks to
 defend his position. The case which he puts
 of being a Catholic priest, is the last which
 he should have taken to illustrate the relation
 he shall maintain to the anti-slavery cause in
 this country. He was a Catholic priest in
 Ireland, and a temperance man in Ireland; and
 though pressed on all sides with engagmenta,
 he found time to express himself fully and
 clearly in behali ol the anti-slavery cause
 and it ie not to be believed that what he then
 said against American slavery in any deg Tee
 lessened bis power against the slavery of in
 temperance. His assumed unwillingness to
 turn aside from the temperance cause, to
 promote Catholicism, would wear the appear
 ance of impartiality, if the cases were alike—
 which they are not. Every one knows Father
 Matthew to be a Roman Catholic every one
 does not know hi.n to be an abolitionist. On
 the one queotioo he is openly committed, and
 is willing to stand committed on the other,
 he is entirely opposed to committing himself.
 He has no occasion to turn aside” tn pro
 mote Catholicism. He does promote it, and
 cannot help promoting it. In every good
 word that he speaks, and in every good deed
 that he pet forms, be promotes the cause of
 Roman Catholicism, while he is openly iden
 tified with that system of religion. But it is
 not so on the subject of slavery. The anu
 alavery cause derives no influence in its favor
 Irom a man who declares himself unwilling to
I ‘commit hunseff” tn its behalf. Tbe reader
 must remember that our Bostoo fi tends made
 ne exorbitant or unreasonable demand upon
 Father Matthew s time They assured him
 of their unwilling new* to divert turn from the
 •real purpose of hts mission to this country,
 ami they simply wished bun to attend this
 celebration as an appropriate opportunity in
 which to make known bis sympathy with the
 cause of the oppressed/ The length of lime
 required for this could not exceed ooe d*j% so
 that, on this score, Father Matthew is without
 exeuse.
 It is obvious to common sense, that, the
 policy of Father Matthew will fail ii| it*
 object. Thank God that it i* withn# the
 power of the anti-slavery press of tbe country
 (feeble as a is) to make hts treachery to liberty
 known throughout tbe land and although he
 may luxuriate for awhile in the smiles of
 American flesh-mongeis. and eat the bread
 wruhfe out from the sweat and blood of the
 bondman, the time will come when his treach
 ery must recoil upon him. God will “con
 found the wisdom of the crafty, and bring
 to nought the counsels of the ungodly.’
 But we will not be too severe. We hope
 that Father Mathew may yet see hia error,
 confess his fault, and nobly identify himself
 with the cause of tbe long-degraded and
 deeply injured-bondman, before he leaves this
 country. f. d.
The Union of the Oppressed.
 We hope, in a few weeks, to be able to
 lay before our readers the thoughts, words
 aud action of our colored brethren in different
 parts of the country on the subject of union
 as presented by us in last week’s North Star.
 It is to be hoped that the leaders of our peo
 ple, in their different localities, will at once
 call the attention of our people to the subject,
 and obtain their views and opinions with re
 spect to it, in the fotm of addresses, resolu
 tions, or letters. Tnere should be a full and
 free investigation as to the propriety and
 practicability of the scheme suggested and
 our people should be well instructed in every
 particular connected with the subject.
 It would be easy for us to anticipate the
 objections to the scheme; and perhaps as easy
 to answer them; but we leave the field open
 to objectors, and they may occupy it if they
 please. What we w ish is, to ascertain the
 voice of our brethren on the subject; but
 whether we are followed by many or by few,
 if thirty persons can be found in the Union
 who are willing to form such a League, we
 shall be heartily in favor of its formation, as
 we believe that, from this- -m ill beginning, an
 institution may be erected, fraught with untold
 i good to ourselves and to posterity. But we
 wait for the voice of our friends cn the sub
 ject.—F. D.
Rev. Henry H. Garnet.
 I When we penned our portrait of this gen
 i ileman three weeks since, wo had no idea of
 administering to his vanity, and are not sur
 prised that he should seize on the first oppor
 tunity to manifest his spleen towards us on
 t account of it. The only part of hia speech
 delivered at the Auburn celebration, which
 Mr. Ward has allowed to see the light, or
 I perhaps thought worth reporting, is a denun
 ciation of us and our esteemed friend, C. L.
 1 Remond. Mr. Garnet begins with the fol-
 J lowing solemn warning to hi* hearers Be
 ware of the baneful and hell-born doctrines
 i which are cunningly scattered among you,
 and that, too, with an industry worthy of a
 better cause. I speak plainly and pointedly,
 because the poison which I am about to ana
 lyze emanates from a high and respectable
 source, so far as talents and influence are con
 cerned. Mr. Frederick Douglass tells us we
 have no country.” lu one sense, and in the
 sense in which this sentiment was uttered,
 this is perfectly true —“we have no country.”
 In making the declaration, we meant only to
 exhibit forcibly the glaring fact that the col
 ored man is denied the rights and privileges of
 an American citizen, by the American gov
 ernment and that, in this respect, he is an
 outlaw in the land. This was the meaniug
 which we attached to rhat declaration when
 we uttered it, and no man knew letter at the
 time that such was our meaning than Mr.
 Garnet, yet he has the unfairness to affirm
 that the view we take of it is the same taken
 by John C. Calhoun Nothing can more
 i clearly indicate Mr. Garnet’s own sense of
 I the utter weakness of his cause, than a resort
 1 to palpable falsehood in his defence. If any
 colored man wants to know whether he has a
 counity, let him go to Charleston, South
 [Carolina, under the protection of the Ameri
 can Constitution, and his country will be lim
 ited to a prison. That the colored people
 have a right to a country here, we have ever
 affirmed aud Mr. Garnet will never succeed
 in trying to make the colored people, nor any
 other enlightened people, believe the con
 trary.
 Charge 2d.—We have spoken lightly and
 contemptuously of the religious conviction of
 the colored people, and of their religious
 hope.” We deny the charge, and demand
 the proof; and if the former be not with
 drawn, or proved, its author must rest under
 the infamous disgrace of being a Reverend
 false-witness.
 Charge 3d.—We were once a preacher in
 the Methodist Church, and deserted it. This
 is very true. Those who are acquainted
 with the character of the Methodist Church,
 and have a spark of self-respect, or feel a
 single; pulsation of sympathy for the down
 trodden slave, will commend us for our
 coarse.
 Charge 4th.—We deny the inspiration of
 the Bible.” This is a broad charge, and if
 well founded, Mr. Garnet will, of course,
 produce the proof; meanwhile, we utterly
 disavow that have ma&lt; j e suc h a denial.
 Charge sth. We are “unstable.” It
 might perhaps be better for biut if we were
 so he might then expect that at some future
 time be would be able to deceive us into tbe
 belief that Mr. Garnet ia a man of veracity
 and honor; no such hope* oor expectation*
 need ever be chetiahed. “Unstable” though
 we may be, we shall ever maintain a consist
 ent view of hu character, and abape our con
 duct towards him accordingly.
 Charge 6th fa, that we ask the colored
 people to bow down to the unreasonable
 and unnatural dogmas of non-resistance.”—
 hat Mr. Garnet term*, unreasonable and
 unnatural dogmas,” (though we have never
 insisted upon them before any congregation ot
 our people,) may be found ia that said volume
 which ns aflecu to hotter, and whjch w* an
presumed to alight We should like to bear
 a sermon from this Reverend man of blood
 and pretended disciple of the la»rd Jesus
 Christ, on the following pas***** of CT, P*
 turn Ye bare heard that it bath be»n said,
 an ejra for an ere, and a tooth for a tooth
 But 1 say unto you, that ye nr* ml
 but tchowartr shall smVr the* on the right
 cheek, turn to him the other also aod if any
 man will sue tbee at the law, and take away
 thy coat, let him baTe thy cloak also. and
 whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go
 with him twain." Will Mr. Garnet denounce
 these as unnatural and unreasonable deg*
 nuN” 1 and if so, how much respect has he
 for Christ or the Bible We believe that be
 has no more recard for the Bible, than had
 Abner Kneeland or anv other infidel; and he
 merely follows that pait of it which he deems
 roost in accordance with his bloodthirsty dis
 position, and as a means of putting money in
 his purse. This Reverend gentleman bound
 himself under the most solemn obligations to
 be present at the Buffalo Celebration, saying,
 that if life lasted, or Providence permitted,
 he would he in Buffalo at the appointed tune."
 He was not there but was pouring out tha
 via s of his wrath upon us, at Auburn'!
 adding to the sin of his breach of faith with
 his Buffalo brethren, bv.fabricating falsehoods
 against us' From such teachers of morality
 and religion, we say, in the language of “the
 Book of Common Prayer," “Gout/ Lorditc
 liver us." The whole philippic of Mr. Gar-'
 net, delivered against u£ at Auburn, mft tis
 sue of dishonesty and falsehood, from begin
 ning to end. He tells liiydiparars that we
 are opposed to giving the slave the Bible, but
 has not the honesty to say that we are in favo t
 of giving Bibles to free men. He says we
 ridicule religion hut has tin) much contempt
 for truth to say it is the slaveholder's religion.
 He condemns us as a non-resistant, and in
 the same speech charges us with holding to
 the light of self-defence. He charges us
 with saying that the Bible would make the
 slave wretched, and basely leaves the infer
 ence to !&gt;e drawn that we think it pernicious
 book, when our assailant knows that the re
 mark was made as an argument in favor of
 giving thr slave himself, as the only condition
 upon which he could realty own a Bible.
 Mr. Garnet next tiies his venomous toffth
 on our esteemed friend and co-laborer, Charles
 Lenox Remond. He charges him with
 “draining the wine cup"—with descending
 from the consecrated desk, and repairing to
 the ball chamber" denounces him as a
 sportsman, and warns the people against him,
 jas a “dangerous" teacher. Mr. Remond is
 well known. He makes no high pretensions
 to religion. He does not profess to believe
 (that dancing is a sin, and then contradict his
 profession by dancing at a ball. As to his
 l draining the wine cup, we might he disposed
 i to believe the charge, if the man who brings
 it did not stand openly convicted of gross de
 reliction of moral piinciple, and of a scries o
 falsehoods. We shall, however
 leave Mr. Remond to speak for himself.—
 “He is of age,” and we are sure that he h
 fully equal to the task. v. d.
[Human Life—lllustrated in my Individual A Ex
 |)crience as a Child, a Yott.li, and a Man. Bi
 Henry Clark Wright.
 This is a neatly bound volume of more that
 1400 pages, and contains, as its title imports
 the individual experience of its author. This
 is illustrated by descriptions of his parentage;
 I bis occupation; the religious tenets of hit
 parents the scenery suriounding the place ol
 his biith the amusements of his childhood
 1 his school-boy days his early impression ol
 religion; his dislike of cruelty to animals;
 the changes that have taken place in his mind
 on various subjects his studying for the min
 istry, and a great variety of other topics.
 While the book has little pretension toordei
 in its arrangement, and is thrown together in
 a manner that indicates haste on the part ol
 its author, it is nevertheless a highly instruct
 ive and interesting woik.
 In bearing this testimony, however, we can*
 not withhold an impression which struck us
 jon first taking up the book. It was a feeling
 i of regret that its author had not left the pre
 paration and publication of his Biography to
 other hands. Mr. Wright is notan obscure
 man his writings and speeches on a variety
 of topics have been widely published and
 read in this country, as well as in Europe.—
 One so extensively known, and whose public
 career has been so marked as las, need have
 no fears of leaving posterity in datkness,
 either with respect to his origin or history.—
 He has been the common property of the anti
 slavery world during the last sixteen years,
 and has surrounded himself with a host of
 friends who could never have allowed las
 memory to slumber in oblivion. He would
 have been more just to himself, if he had
 committed this work into other hands. But
 the work is published, and will be found en
 tertaining and useful. It may be had at the
 store of Bela Marsh, 23, Cornhill, Boston.—
 f. i&gt;.
Narrative or thf. Life of Henry Hibb,
 with an introduction by Francis C. Matlock,
 New- York, 5, Spruce Sr.
 After waiting several weeks, we here re
 ceived a copy of this little work. Why it did
 not come to band sooner, we do not know,
 unless iu author felt it proper to serve a
 black editor last. Although we dislike the
 principle thus acted upon, we arc disposed to
 do justice to his book. It is certainly one of
 the most interesting and thrilling narratives of
 slavery ever laid before the American people.
 The exposure which the author makes ot the j
 horrors of slavery the separations the
 Yrhippings, and the accumulated outrages in
 flicted on the sDve, must stir the blood of
 every reader who has the pulsations ot a mao.
 The description of the slave's longing for
 freedom—-of his deception, tricks and strate
 gems to escape hts oonditioo, is just, though
 humiliating. His narrations of the cruelty of
 individual slaveholders, is natural, and we
 doubt not in every essential particular true.
 We deem the work a most valuable acquisi
 tion to the anti slavery cause and we hope
 that it may be widely circulated throughout
 the country.— r. d.
To CosscsroMDEXT*. Charles Lenox
 Remond.—Your letter has been received.
 You are much needed in Western New
 York. When shall we see you 1
 W. C. X., Boston.—Sorry to be compelled
 to postpone the publication of your letter.
 Look for it next week All well.
 Hcceipt* oext **k
F ore if ffevrt of tte Week,
 At date of sailing of tho America from
 Liverpool, the English Parliament was in the
 flurrt of winding up for ibe season, and Ms
 proceedings were, as usual, marked by indis
 creet and undignified baste, ia disposing, in
 .name way or other, of the mountainous aeeu
 muTation of unfinished business. If the le
 gislators in F.ngland and Other countries we
 wot of, would talk less and do mote, or rather
 if they would both talk less and do less.it would
 be infinitely better foi all parties. The Cho
 lera is still on the increase. If* Ijondon, fhe
 last week’s deaths were fisB on the2sth ult
 persons were attacked —died. A very
 small number, however, when we consider
 that the population of Ixmdon is considerably
 oter two millions. In Liverpool, the deaths
 in one week amounted to 375. The mortality
 is gieat in other parts of the kingdom. Great
 attention is being paid to the subject of public
 health. Engineers, writers and orators are
 all interested in it. The result will doubtless
 be beneficial. Ixjrd Aahley, in his usual
 spirit of humane legislation, recently brought
 forward a motion for providing the well-con
 ducted boys in the Ragged schools with free
 passes to Australia and elsewhere. Hon. G,
 Gray objected, that there were many persons
 still more deserving amongst the agricultural
 poor, who would be glsd of the opportunity.
 The argument is conclusive, and goes to show
 how wide spread is the destitution amongst
 the laboring classes in England, and how ne
 cessary it is that some liberal and comprehen
 sive scheme should speedily be attempted for
 their relief. The present Mayor of London,
 Mr. James Duke, who it seems is also candi
 date for the vacant seat in Parliament caused
 bv the death of Mr. Pattison, has been making
 himself popular by giving entertainments to
 the literary men of the metrop &gt;lis, and the
 Irish members of the House of Commons.—
 The latter entertainment is supposed to have a
 reference to the fact that the corporation is
 becoming a large proprietor of the Irish soil.
 Railways and steamboats have become the
 means of very frequent interchange of civili
 ties between England and her Gallic neighbor.
 Twice every week excursions start from Lon
 don to the French capital. This is a new
 feature of the times, and must have a very
 important bearing upon the relations of those
 heretofore too frequently belligerent nations.
 Amity and mutual understanding must be
 greatly promoted thereby. Let this friendly
 intercourse continue, and extend to other
 nations, and kings and governments, and
 those who make a trade of war, will find it
 j difficult to rouse the martial demon in the
 breasts of the people. Crime appears to be
 on the increase in England. Poisoning is ol
 very frequent occurrence. Whole families,
 in particular villages, have been made away
 with by this means while accounts of othei
 flagiant crimes appear with frightful frequen
 cy in the newspaper columns. The meeting
 recently held in London for advocating Par
 liamentary and financial reform, promises ai
 least one result of importance—namely, the
 fusion of the two classes of reformers, the
 Radicals and the Chartists. At this meeting
 Fearous O’Connor, the Chartist leader
 gave in his adhesion to the instalment of re
 forms for which the Radicals are contending.
 The Nonconformist has the following remarke
 on this subject
 “Time and events have wrought this sig-
 I nificant change. For many a day the Char
 tists have had to chew over, in si’ent
 rumination their past indiscretions. Physical
 force has been discovered to be but a miser
 able substitute for moral and peaceful agna
 tion. Events, both at home and abroad, have
 j been reading a continuous and pertinent lecture
 upon the folly of linking a great political
 question with violence. Doctrines of this
 class have rapidly died out. In fact, reverses
 have wrought a happy internal revolution
 2mong the Chartists. Deep-rooted prejudice
 i against the middle class is beginning to give
 way, and the truth that the union of the two
 classes is absolutely necessary to the accom
 plishment of a great political change, is
 making quick march into iheii judgment,
 i Men begin to suspect that there may be a
 little wisdom beyond the back parlors and
 drawing-rooms of the time and, strange to
 1 say, even surmise that a man wearing a
 seedy coat may be trusted with the franchise.
 A little longer continuance of this process,
 and “the powers that be’ will be startled at
 a united people in the attitude of a quiet and
 peaceful determination to redress their
 wrongs.”
 The government, pursuing the cowardiy
 gagging policy ot despotism, and of those
 whose actions will not bear scrutiny, has re
 fused to stamp or transmit through the post
 the Nation newspaper, the property of Mr.
 Gavin Duffy. An old act of Parliament has
 been raked up out of the lumber of centuries,
 •o authorise this proceeding. Of course any
 other obnoxious publication may be suppres
 sed by the same means The English jour
 nals are employed in the discussion of M. J
 Thiers’ speech on the muzzling of the
 French press, by which he is said to ha\c&gt;
 annihilated the Socialists and gamed great
 glory. Such glory will be evanescent j
 rather.
 On the 23d of July, a crowded meeting l
 was held in the larndon Tavern, sympathis
 ing with the Hungarians, also vindicating
 the people of England from any participation
 in the sentiments of a portion of the press, in
 reference to the hostile efforts of the Austrian
 and Russian powers. Among the speakeis
 were Mr. Gobdeo, Lord Nugent, "Lord Dud
 ley Stewart, Wra. iiowitt, Ac. Mr. Cob
 den, from his personal knowledge of Russia,
 administered to the Czar a will merited casti
 gation. He said that Russia could not carry
 on two campaigns beyond her own frontier
 without coming to Western Europe for at
 loan, and made an application of the fact on
 this wise
 “Now, will any one in the City of Ixmdon
 dare to be a party to a loan to Russia, euher
 directly or openly, or by agency and copart
 nership with any house, in Amsterdam or
 Pans 1 have heard such a project talked of.
 But let it only assume a shape, and I pro
 mise you that we, the peace pany, will have
 such a meeting as has not yet been held m j
 Londou, for the purpose of fixing an indeli
 ble stigma of infamy upon the men who
 would lend their money for such a vile, un
 christian, and barbarous purpose.”
 Among the resolution* adopted at this
 meeting was on* proposed by Lord Dudlay
 Stuart, to the effect That the Koglmh gov
 ernment do immediately recognise the mda-.
 peodence of Hungary.” It is a Tery encou
 raging feature for the prospects of tbs Hun
 garians. that men of so much talent sad
 influence in England, are thus forward to
 lend the gieat weight of their moral power
 against the Auatno-Russian invasion.
 The of the New
Yor« Tribune, after giving a svnopsis of the
 «fl«.rs of France, says, sod apparently w *h
 reason. that we are advancing towards the
 reaAoiatioa of monarchy i.- f ranee. A re
 act!* n towards Cvlh« Ik.orn is supp&lt;*ed to be
 going on io the French hamber. Jesuitical
 influence continues in the ascendant. The
 legislative Assembly was expected to adjourn
 from t! 13 hof August to the 30th of Sep
 temb&lt; r.
 On the tlih of July, Gen. Oudinol had
 succeeded in forming a ministry at Rome
 On the Istb. the yellow and white barms,-
 was hoisted at the Ca*tle of St. -SngpJo, and
 saluted by 100 guns, while popular re» 4 *eei
 was at least outwardly secured bv the par
 aded force of the whole French gvrnson
 At the order td Gen. Oudinot, a T* l&gt;ntm
 was celebrated at St. Peter's. While these
 forced rejoicings were in p*ogress, a patnotic
 band of young Romans repaired to the gat®
 of San Pancrazio, the fatal scene of many
 murderous engagements, and chanted a rciji.
 erere in honor of the dtpaited The Romm
 Municipality, which had held office since the
 25th of April last gave in their res gnation on
 the same day, ami a new Provisional Muni
 opal Commission was appointed by the Gen
 eral. The Romans are a conquered people,
 and are treated as such by their French
 masters. On the 16th, the Papal swat was
 fully ie-established in Rome but the pr.ests
 have lost all popular sympathy, and can rule
 henceforth only by coercive and despotic
 measures. This cannot bst Jong
 The chief centre of interest at present is
 Hungary. Amongst the mint conflicting
 accounts which reach tins country, it is ditti
 cult to arrive at a very clear understanding of
 the progress ot the war in Hungary. The
 Austrian and Russian powers &lt;&gt;t course bring
 the mnch larger number of men into the
 field but the Hungarians are animated by
 the hope of preseiving their country and
 their liberties, and their leaders are undoubt
 edly superior to thos-» of the Austrio-Uussian
 armies in skill and knowledge of the country
 The last accounts scein on the whole to give
 a more favorable impression of the prospect*
 of Kossuth. It is clear that at least one
 victory has been obtained by the Hungarians
 over their Austrian invaders under Paskie
 witch, at Waitzen. It seems also pretty welt
 authenticated that a desperate encounter took
 place between an army of Austrians and
 1 Groats under Ban Jellachieli. and the Mag-
 I
 i yars, near Hegyes, which ended in the entire
 defeat of Rie Ban. Fever and the cholera
 are committing great havoc in the Austrian
 and Russian camps. Gomorn is still under
 siege, at the latest accounts, and the scenes
 enacted hv the besiegers a»e described as fear
 ful. When the smoke of war has rolled
 off from the nations of Europe, may it be
 j found that the cause of the oppressed his
 gained, and not lost, by the conflictj. n.
 Oration bv A. 11. Francicsof Buffalo,
 on the first of August, ISI9.
 Friends and Fellow Colntrymen
 When Hook into the multitude of faces before
 me, the question comes, For vvliat purpose
 have we here assembled 1 And 1 venture to
 assert, that I speak your sentiments, negative
 ly, when 1 say, that we did not come here to
 make an ostentatious show, or to give counte
 nance to any new theory or doctrine deroga
 lory to our interest, or the well being of the
 human race. Neither did we come Here to
 plant the seed of discord, nor to injure or
 excite bitterness in hearts already too deeply
 I wronged. Not to lay violent hands upon
 long cherished customs or usages, let them be
 clothed in ever so black a garb of injustice
 and villainy. Not to malign the errors—ana
 lyse the design—or ask for retributive justice
 for the conduct of others, and for which our
 hearts bleed. But to. celebrate an event,
 lightly as it may now lie esteemed by millions
 of the human race, unequalled in its accom
 plishments ami suceedtng results, by any oth
 er recorded in ancient or modern history—
 the immediate and unconditional emancipa
 tion ol 800,000 human beings from the most
 deplorable state of abject servitude to freedom.
 This event has filled the souls of every phil
 anthropist with joy and gladness, and every
 lover of music has sung it in glad stra ns of
 the finest melody.
 Without further preliminaries, 1 shall pro
 ceed to notice some of the prominent reason*
 why we should rejoice on an occasion like
 this, and make an application ot it to our
 own circumstances. If we look back but fif
 teen years, we see nearly one million ot
 humau beings inhabiting a small group ot
 Islands a few day’s journey on the Westward
 Atlantic coast, writhing under all the bar
 barity of that pseudo-Christian refinement,
 which reduces humanity to a elate of chattlu
 ism. They were compelled to work from
 youth to old age, late and early under the
 lash of an overseer, without remuneration,
 badly fed, c lothed, and lodged, deprived ot
 social enjoyments, wile ami husband, parents,
 tnd children, friend and relations torn asunder
 at will, by the lordly tyrant, religion and
 inoraluy disregarded and despised, education
 forbidden, protection wit Wield from the wife
 and daughter, their tender flesh lacerated by
 the whip, their persons violated in short,
 all that can buoy upihe human soul and make
 life desirable, all that they could grtup m
 expectancy, yea, all ihat reiaied to the bappi
 ness ot the parent or children or their child
 ren’s children, was cut off from their hojes.
 This is but a faint picture ot the sad condition
 of those whose happy redemption we this
 day rejoice to celebrate.
 We have reason to rejoice that from such
 a condition the day dawned in light and
 erty, kindling w thin the flame of hope and
 joy, of bright prospects and future happiness
 (.’an any one with the most vivid imagination,
 who has never felt the iron of slavery in his
 soul, portray the first dawn of joy lighting
 up the soul of the redeemed slave 1 Through
 •offering and sorrow, oppression and wrong,
 in earlv life, the patent whose locks had
 blossomed for the gtave, was now consoled at
 the prospect of seeing hut progeny redeem
 ed from the crushing effects of servitude, and
 through the dim vista of time, he could with
 the prophet’s #ye, see the final redemption of
 his race. The affectionate mother with b ri
 little loved ones around her, awakened from
 her lethargy to listen to the decree of justice,
 with all the feelings of her nature aroused to
 the pleasing reality, that they were no loogei
 to he asciificed on the altai of unrighteous
 mammon, And above all the principles ol
 morality and religion, their acceptance aod
 refusal, their power and influence no more
 mtfiuwd. 1 **i, felfo* *&gt;w»uy®c*&gt;
"
