"FREDERICK DOI’GLASs r
VO I, 11. NO. ito.
I'he NORTH STAR i* pabii«hnl ver&gt;
 l'liday, at No. 2j, Rullalo Ntrort,
 (fHjv.it.',- the
 TERM''
 T« «!.»ltnr« per amtiini, i*&gt; &lt;i/f-i«re. N&lt;
 t -script,on will l&lt;* received It a (“i twin tiiaif
 month*.
 A {aertue-nent* not pvi'fi iinr ton linn* in ene
 Jinn* tine* t&gt;r one il.di.ir; cu n }.e&gt;*er t orut in*er»
 t..m, twcnt v-five rent
 lit t o!i|«vt ol tlr \&lt;&gt;n nt tv n \vilt to attack
 -t tvrnv in nil its firm* an! a i*ect- ailr.x'ato
 i \	vrr.*Ai K M\!*f tr ri&lt;»*r; *'.a!t tin* standarr
 vt n M ißtinv; prom.He the inorai and in
 i ,e t i.ii oro'ettntt of tho C i&gt; rit Pfopi f
 uh* litynl FRFCDOU t«i the '('unfit
 Mll i ion ,1* our KlM.iUl&gt; Fr Ir o a
 1 i t v t
 PIRUSUER’S NOTlfli.^.
 y- I commn-iioistion* if-uitv? m lie /uTi'n***
 i i tin paper, na.net* “I *ul*-ct ther r« nit
 1, *botlld !e 3ii !re«*n*ti In JOHN Dll t*
 I -lie,
 Agrut', and all other «eudinj; narne j are
 r t tie arcuate, and ffive the }‘&lt;a! ii'tirt,
 tt,e f inly, and the Stole. Each Sobw ri!&gt;ei t« Hie
 me hatch credited invne\ received.
ii nt t- *r Imti
 undue, diets, to !»e 1 awarded tii one addi e ~e, may
 litre a fifth copy tor it- veil.
 ,ry Ml |ett&lt; I end I■ liniii.iiin atim- liet-l 1«C |**Ht
 aid.
 I I- I ul* MiF.NTS.
 Mil a( hi Mr ii*i U F. alciiu, 21, &lt;ol it hill.
 Hu ton Nathan John m, N« w 15-dt n I, H
 Foster, 1/iivrll; .lam.-- N Rtfhnn, i vti-.i; t.r-oi o
 K.van.*, Worcester Ronne- .Spooner, Plymouth,
 Charles 11. Seth, Spri.othll; David Haggle*
 Noithairipton 11. Carjienter. I p 1"
 Mairf..—Oliver Dennett. Portland.
 V F rmiPIT. —Rowland T. Kohin-on. North lei
 ri“bur2.
 Ciivnh Tirrr. —Jonathan t.emiard, N• w ll.ini
 N f iv HA.ttFMtinr.-Wi ire Tappan, Rraiiord.
 Nf av VortK.-Svdt.ev 11. 1 12.
 Street; Jam.- Met „l,e Smith, MX Hroadw.v
 Joseph l’osl, i'ihury, tiii'*en minty -M ar\ nr
 l» r, Albam Elias Dotv Maeedotr, N iNctts Ke*-i
 Pern, Clinton ('oinitv; William Haliunore, I ro%
 .1. F. Hiatt. I’etni N »u J. Jeflrey, tiem-va; F.. 1,
 Platt, Hath.
 |{noiit Im am*. Nr.iaram'v Fame. I rot id.ince,
 pfnnsvi. v a n i a —J. M• hi l*i mi, ,i 1, Nonh 1 dti
 Street, Philadelplna; &lt;«oin&lt; s i
 Pl,re Ditto; H. Hown.Fitt-lmrgli; in. W
 Columhia; Dane Jaeoh 1.. Pn-v
 town, Montgotin rv County, M»‘ lov. n end.
 .New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, t niemtitifi;
 son and (Jaines, Ditto; Valentine Nithols ni, Har
 vcvshnrglt, Warren Co.; Samuel Hroohe, Salem.
 MlCIt Ir&gt; As. —Ro'oert linns'. Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel p. Davis. Economy. ante (n
Selections.
SOI 1111:11* UKSPOI ISJI-J. .11.
 HAH HI TT.
 The state of South 'arolma is again
 in the field perpetrating her little tricks
 of unparalel meanness upon (lie de
 fenceless traveller through her tento
 rics. Mr. John M Barrett, a young
 man from Indiana, aged 21, who bv the
 advice of his physipau went to S. Caro
 lina for his health, has been seized and
 imprisoned at Spattanshnrgh on suspi
 cion of being an abolitionist. Ih p -Anti-
 Slavery Standard says, Air. Barrett
 happens to be the unfortunate man
 whom the Committees of Safety have
 been able to seize, and the probability
 i* that it will go hard with him. The
 r h'arg says the jSpartan, of the 19th
 olt., under which lie was arrested, is
 punishable by tewlve months imprison
 ment, andSUM)!) fine. But he may be
 indicted under the arrest for any crime
 of which the States Attorney may think
 himself able, by competent testimony,
 to convict the prisoner. It is more than
 than possible, Barrett may oe indicted
 lor an offense. the penalty of which is
 death, without benefit of clergy, and,
 assuredly, if convicted all the abolition
 ists in the Uuited States cannot save
 him
 And what is Nlr. Barrett anested fur.
 What crime has lie committed' ihe
 following from the Cleveland True
 Democrat, will show
 “There has been an old quarrel in
 the Palmetto State, between the Low
 and Up Country,' on the question of
 the State Appointment. That question
 Mr. Calhoun has silenced by overshad
 owing it with the great issue ol Slavery.
 Vet with all this, the T p Country’ is
 dissatisfied; likes not the distribution ol
 power; is restive under it. and vvoult.
 break its vassalage, il it dared.
 A waiter, a native of South Carolina,
 participating in this feeling, wrote a
 tract, and alleged that politicians by
 affecting to be champions of Southern
 mtetests, meant to perpetuate their
 supremacy, and that of a few men in
 the State
 He proceeds tu .-.how
 That South Carolina had no Repub
 lican iovei ninent.
 That the form of oiie only existed.
 That the incrests and lights of the
 mass ot her citizens wa re not protec
 ted.
 And this writer, ‘Brutus, did nil this
 without once insinuating that Slavery
 was wrong, or even appearing to
 know that it could be so cousiderd.
 His address was given to the whites,
 t)f them he spoke, for them he
 wrote. It was in short a political tract
 which under the Constitution, any man
 could write, without having his motives
 questioned, or his right assailed.
 His mam position was that South
 Carolina was governed by a privileged
 class.
 hues. Sen. Reps.
 Pleven districts 77.1 WU vis t»4
 Kighteen districts 1-1.1 J 7 «&gt;0
 fleie one-ihud of the whites con
 trol And who are the\ The heavy
 nee and e.,uon plant. „f |ho low
 country' Indeed mi of the districts
 therein, name!/ ha, 1, ,ton, Collcttun
 (.eorgctowu, Beaufort. Orangeburg.
 Smntcr, have a majority tin* Sen
 ate ol the State' iu.lv mtn: thousand
 nine hundred and tint*. s -jL can over
 balance the whole population, and vein
 any law 01 policy mey may &lt;i. bm
 Take another v jew
 Thirteen of the district aie ,11 the
 “Up Country,” and have the majority
 of the white population of the tatr- If
 war or insurrection come, they alone
 can defend it. They are us bone and
 Mtifew et the two districts of Charles
 l4i and Colleton, with a hardy popn-
THE NORTH STAR.
lation of twenty seven thousand souls,
 master and manacle them as they will. j
 These two districts —the home of the
 rice and cotton planters—have thirteen,
 Senators;the thirteen upcountry districts*
 consisting mostly of small farmers, me
 chanics and non-slaveholders, and num
 bering one hundred and thirty-four
 thousand five hundred and forty-five|
 souls have only twelve! In figures
 they stand thus:
 Population. Senators,
 Twojdistrict*. *70,705 13
 Thirteen districts. 134,513 12
 This power, thus centralized, makes
 monarchs of the ”‘W. For instance
 Tlte Legislature c.s.ct» nearly all pub
 lic officers—Presidential Electors,
 Governor, Judges, Solicitors, Justices
 of the Peace, See. The ambitious men
 of the “Up Country” know this, and
 are silent, or else ultra, in whatever*
 the “Low Country” may demand,
 thus the majority lias no voice, and no
 way to express it. if they desire ever so
 much to do so.
 Rut like all men born to station, or
 having it, these “Low countrymen”
 have so worked the political machinery
 as to keep down the poor and the hum
 ble. and pull up only the wealthy and
 the strong. Thus:
 To obtain a seat in the Legislature,
 i a man must be dear of debt, have real
 estate worth seven hundred dollars, or
 live hundred acres of land and ten ne
 i groes.
 To he a Senator, double this amount
 of real estate.
 To be a Governor, seven thousand
 dollars is required, in settled real es
 tate.
 .Now for having on his person two
 tracts giving tins information, and ap
 pealing to tne people, to the majority,
 to assert their just rights—mind, rea
 der, not lor distributing them, as that
 was neither alleged or proved—J. M.
 Barrett was seized, imprisoned and
 treated as a felon in South Carolina.
 Judge ye, honest men, whether this
 is a despotism which yields, or whether
 it l? not a despotism which must be inet,
 and made to know that wrongs of this
 kind will not be tolerated, and that Sla
 very itself, which feeds and fosters
 them, must not only he limited, but
 ANNIHILATED.
 HORACE MANN ON SLAVERY.
 The following is the response of
 I lon i M to an invitation to be
 present at the recent Mass Convention
 at ('ieveland, to celebrate the Ordi
 nance of 17*7:
 West Newton, July 9, 1849.
 Gentlemen, —I have received your
 kind invitation to be present at Cleve
 land, on the 13th inst., to celebrate the
 anniversary of the great “Ordinance,”!
 which excluded slavery forever, and!
 secured freedom forever to the North
 Western Territory. Ifl could tell you
 how deeply 1 sympathize with, you in
 this movement, and how much my souT
 desires not merely to celebrate, hut to
 hallow the event you would then be
 lieve me when I say, that I have had
 a hard struggle not to forego all consid-,
 orations of business and of health, for
 the purpose of joining in your festival.,
 I regard the Ordinance which redeem
 ed a territory of more than two hundred
 and sixty thousand square miles from
 the unspeakable sin and curse of sla
 very, and consecrated it to freedom, as
 one of the grandest moral events in the
 annals of mankind.
 Without that Ordinance, tliedeclara
 ration of independence itself, in its ap
 plication to the vast and fertile region,
 would have been deprived of its power
 to confer blessifigs and prosperity upon
 it and it is a fart never to be forgotten
 that the original Declaration and the or
 iginal Ordinance were both drawn up
 by the same great Champion of human
 rights, whose hatred of slavery grew
 strong and deep by ins persona)
 knowledge ol'its wrongs and itscalami
 11C‘S.
 W ithout the Ordinance, the revolu
 tion itself, in its application to that ter
 ritory, and the treaty of 1783, by which
 its ample domain was secured to the
 l nion, would have been shorn of their
 glory and robbed of their value.
 Without the Ordinance, the discov
 ery of this Western Continent,so far as
 that territory constitutes a part of it,
 would have given us no occasion to re
 member the name of Columbus with
 gratitude.
 Without the Ordinance,it would have
 been better, at the creation of the
 world, that all that part of it which now
 constitutes your live beautiful and
 flourishing States, with a residuum of
 space large enough lor still another,
 had been left us a “Dead Sea,” whose
 hitter and poisonous waters would not
 have allowed a live thing to swim be
 neath its surface nor to lly above it, nor
 a green thing to grow by its shores.
 And without; the Ordinance,the om
 nipotent spirit of God, working for hu
 man progress and numan blessedness,
 would have inot with bathings and
 threatenings in its operations and influ
 ence fortlie redemption of the race.
 As I cannot have the pleasure of be
 ing witli ou, allow me to submit tire
 following sentiment:
 The Freemen of the United States,
 whether at the North or the South.
 Deeply'lamenting that there was not
 an anti*Satanic "proviso to exclude
 the Devil from the garden of Eden, let
 them now be admonished to pass an an
 ti-slavery “proviso’ to exclude his
 most loved institution from all the ter
 i itories of the Union.
 Accept, gentlemen, the assurance of
 rnv sympathy and regard.
 HORACE MANN.
 Messrs. J. C. Vaughan, Thos. Brown,
 oinmiltee.
 More than 98,000 received the
 pledge from Father Matthew in a fort
 night m NeW'Yorit and Brooklyn.
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO OOLOR—GOD IS THE tATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRFTHRF.N.
From the N. Y. Evening Pom.
 SEC RETARY C LAYTON’S LAW Ol
 PASSPORTS.
 We noticed recently, in one of oui
 exchanges, the statement that Mr
 Clayton, President Taylor's Secretary
 of State, has recently refused a pass
 port to a citizen of Pennsylvania, 01
 the ground that he was a “person o
 color.” We questioned the truth o
 the statement when we read it. taking
 it for granted that there were somi
 facts connected with the Secretary’:
 refusal, if he had refused, which niigh
 -ypUin a n d justify the course he har
 irfnr... \V did not suppose any pub
 lic Junctiona y in this roudfry wascapa
 ble of an act so nnjnst, so intolermr
 and so mean.
 To our utter surprise we find tha'
 in all these particulars we were mistak
 en. Mr. Clayton has refused a pass
 port to a free colored man, and In
 lias done it upon the sole ground tha
 the applicant was a person of color, a
 appears by the following letter whicl
 has found its way into the public praits
 Department of State, t
 Washington, June, S, JKlft.
 Sir: Your letter of the 7th instart
 soliciting for Henry Hamhleton, i
 colored man, a passport of protection
 is received and, in reply, have to in
 form you that passports arc not gi ante&lt;
 by this department to persons of color
 and that protections are only given t&lt;
 to them when they are in the service o
 diplomatic agents, Sec. of the Unitec
 States, going abroad.
 Hambleton’s certificate of nativity
 is herewith returned.
 I am, sir, respectfully your obedien
 servant,
 JOHN M. CLAYTON.
 Kdward Hurst, Esq., Philadelphia
 Penn.
 A more llagrant outrage upon the
 rights of an American citizen was nev
 er perpetrated in this country, out ol
 the State of South Carolina. There
 are, in more than half of the States ol
 this Union, many thousands of men,
 recognized by the laws of those States
 as citizens, entitled, before the law,
 to enforce all I lie rights and privileges
 of citizenship in their respective Slates,
 who, by Mr. Clayton, are denied the
 protection of the American flag the
 moment they put their feet upon for
 eign soil. Our shipwrecked seamen,
 discharged servants, outraged or in
 sulted citizens, who find themselves
 destitute, in foreign lands, if they arc
 persons of color, are to be thrust from
 he doors of our foreign ministers and
 ;onsu!s, and to be denied the aid, sym
 pathy and protection which our diplo
 natic functionaries were sent abroad
 nainly for the purpose ol dispensing.
 The State of New York extends the
 privileges of citizenship to persons of
 tolor. Within her bounds reside many
 housand such citizens. By the Con
 stitution of the United States these
 citizens “are entitled to all the privi
 eges, immunities, and rights of
 ;itizens in the several States.” One
 )f the paramount rights of every citi
 zen of every State is the protection of
 he American government, not only in
 tus own but in every foreign land. This
 protection, the Secretary of State vir
 tually denies to a larger number of the
 citizens of the State of New York
 alone than are contained, all told, in
 the little State where he has played
 the Triton for so many years, and
 where he earned for himself the privi
 lege of occupying a wider sphere in
 which to display a serpent’s cunning,
 and more than a serpent’s inhumanity.
 Mr. Clayton has just as good a right
 to refuse a passport to any white citi
 zen of New York as to any colored
 citizen. He has no more authority to
 deny the protection of the American
 government to a man with a dark skin
 than to a man with red hair, or with a
 pug nose, or crippled, or distinguished
 in any other way, by some physical
 peculiarity. If the people of the State
 of New York are content to admit any
 or all these descriptions of men to the
 privileges and immunities of citizens,
 it is not for the Secretary of State to
 jay, that the protecting arm of the na
 ional government shall not extend over
 hem when they visit foreign shores.
 That Mr. Clayton is fully aware of
 :he outrage he is perpetrating upon
 :hc rights of the States where colored
 persons are recoguized as citizens, is
 ipparent from the discrimination he
 makes in favor of these who “are in
 lie service of diplomatic agents going
 ibroad.” If it be improper to give
 lassports to»persons of color at all, by
 vhat authority are they allowed to have
 hem as servants of a foreign minister
 f they can be granted to the servants
 &gt;f a foreign minister, by what authority
 ire they withheld from colored persons
 vho wish to travel abroad at their ow n
 •xpense, for the transaction of busi
 less, or in the pursuit ot information
 jr amusement. Mr. Clayton’s distiuc
 sau absurdity, and his refusal of the
 ipplicatiou of Hambleton is a crime.
 The letter above quoted dishonors the
 ldministratiou with which its author is
 jonnected, it dishonours the country
 n which he was born, and it insults
 ►very State whose citizens he has* vir
 ually disfranchised.
 We presume that the Secretary of
 state will attempt to justify his course
 t&gt;y appealing to the usage of the de
 partment over which he presides.
 What that usage may have been we
 arc not advised. As the State depart
 ment has been in the hands of slave
 holders almost uninterruptedly since
 the foundation of the government, it is
 very possible that Mr. Clayton may
 find a precedent for his course, which
 his instincts and associations would
 make him but too happy to observe,
 if any such precedents exist, in our
 judgment, it is jtwt as disgraceful now
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, AUGUST 24, 1849.
to follow them as it was to
 *j establish them. An act s&lt; f clearly
 wrong cannot be palliated, rath less
 justified by usage.
 THE SOI'TH I VROLIAAfORK
 IIOUSE I\Sl RRETTJA.
 i We find in the Liberator ie follow*
 f ing accountof this great insrrection,
 f whicii has so alarmed the gaat nation
 of South (’arnlina. This islhe petty
 State that is continually taling about
 dissolving the I nion.
 Piiilidelfiii t, July I,
 I, Ib.*R Snt:—l presume iat before
 this reaches you, you will hive read a
 .j partial account of a late insfrection in
 4the 'harlcsion V\c.k Mause,” as
 published in the pa pc.&gt; of that citv
 (if you h ave not see.slip enclosed.)
 My object at present is to give a
 candid statement of facts, which «an
 he relied upon for their truthfulness,as
 well as to show the doijgs of the poqs
 of chivalry in the sunn) south,
 ij First then, if seems necessary that
 you should understand what is mean!
 jhy the “Charleston Work House.’
 Let me say that it is not a house ol
 industry; neither is it i. house of con
 finement fi»r ohstrrperms youth, nor a
 place in which vagrant? are taken care
 of; but, alas! is is a house of blood, ol
 )i cruelties and of murders; &gt;4 is an in
 stitution erected and licensed by the
 city authorities, sole!) for the imprison
 i ment and corporeal punishment of the
 poor degraded slave. The “Charles
 ork House” is fir more horrible
 that any Spanish Inquisition that you
 jhave read of—deeds are enacted there
 which are a disgrace, a reproach, an
 everlasting stigma upon the dignity of
 man.
 It is in this abominable place that
 the tyrannical master, for the most
 J tiivial fault, or for the hellish purposes
 of lust—or the jealous and termagant
 mistress, for u mere dislike, or some
 thing saucy w hich she perceives in the
 countenance of the abused slave, is
 allowed, fur w ill and pleasure, to send
 their slaves, of either sex, age or condi
 tion, to be “corrected.” And how?
 j In what manner? Before high Heaven,
 1 speak truly:—this is the mode: Iron
 l rings for the feet are fixed in the floor,
 through which the foot passes to the
 instep; the hands are tied together, and
 by a block and tackle raised over the
 head, drawn up to the ceiling of the
 room. During tins operation, the joints
 jof the victim are often heard to crack;
 for be it remembered, that the victims
 are in a state of nudity when thus pte
 i pared. The whifping-uiaster a
 strong, athletic fello*—deals out twen
 ty lashes, with a towhide three feet
 long, and about one quarter of an inch
 in circumference at be small end ,each
 blow upjnthe flesh d the poor stretch
 ed slave causing the blood to flow; for
 an incision is invaiablv made upon
 the skin. After tie whipping, the
 wounds are washed n srtlt and water
 to prevent mortilicaion, and the slave
 sent hack to the otfner. This is no
 fanev sketch, but stern reality. For
 each slave thus handed, the institution
 receives the sum of fifty cents —twenty-
 five cents turnkey fee, and twenty-five
 cents whipping fee.
 Formerly, until wihin the last ten
 years, this Work Hruse was let out at
 $3,000 per annum; hit the city fathers
 have discovered tha! the lessee was
 making a fortune by the shedding of
 blood, taking in annually upwards of
 $3,000, refused leasing, and hired a
 master or superintenlent, at a salary
 of $2,000 per annum, tnereby securing
 the profits to the citv.
 It was also formeify, customary to
 publish the monthly irports of the in
 come, the number tl slaves whipped
 and otheywi.se punisltd, (I had a copy
 I of said report, but it is somehow mis
 placed, in the paper* of the city; but
 lit has been though: prudent, since
 1838, to omit this publication.
 It was in this abouinuble house that
 the brave Nicholas was confined; it
 was amid such seems that he lived.
 No wonder that his manhood was
 aroused; and to this add the fact that a
 female relative, a dear sister, was also
 there incarcerated, soon to be sold—
 in fact, the slave trader named Gilchrist
 had already bought her, and had come
 to this very house to remove his pro
 perty; —this so aroused Nicholas that
 he swore vengeance; he declared that
 his separation should not take place
 but by death. Hismannerso terrified
 Gilchrist, that he immediately called
 the master of the Work House, J. C.
 Norris, who threatened Nicholas, but
 seeing that he was determined, and not
 to be intimidated, sent an express to
 the Mayor of the city with notice of
 this insurrection.
 In a little time, the vhole city was
 alarmed. —The keeper of the Jail—
 which is adjacent to the Work House
 —whose name is James McCollin,
 having heard the noise, girded on his
 sword, and. with pistols in hand, went
 to the aid of his valiant countryman,
 Gilchrist and Norris. Hut the three
 pale faces, with swords and pistols,
 were afraid to approacn this roused
 man, until his Honor, the Mayor, ar-
 rived, with his posse, when, being out
 numbered, and hacked by the sword,
 j Nicholas was subdued, with his few
 followers. McCcftin slated at the trial,
 that Nicholas exclaimed at the top of
 his voice, “Set us at Liberty, and we
 will show you what we are;” which
 expression, alone, lrom a slave, is wor
 thy of death, «ys the chivalry of the
 South.
 After a night of agony—for be it
 known, that the city that night wa*
 doublv guarded; no slaveholder went
 to bed without a loaded pistol under
 his pillow, and his chnmber door locked,
 barred and bolted, for “conscience
 make* cowards of them all —to their
 great relief the morrow arrived, and
Nicholas and his follow eis were
 brought to trial before a court of free
 holders and magistrate*!—a mock trial.
 I ire men who are freeholders, and
 two magistrates doomed these men,
 Nicholas, George and John, to death,
 after a trial of a few hours; and in hve
 j days it was carried into execution.
 The court was continuing its sittings
 upon the others implicated when I ob
 tained the information from which I
 quote. How many more will be mur
 dered by hanging or the bloody lash,
 a few days will evince
 Thus it is that men are murdered
 under the cloak of law; Southern
 Christianity, with bishops, priests
 deacons, sanctioning such bloody pro
 ceedings.

 BIBLES FOR SLAVES.
 Dr. Plumer stated on the floor of
 the Old School General Assemble, that
 in the *23d Report of the American
 Bilile Society was a long list of con
 tributions for sending the Bible to
 slaves. More than had been
 appropriated for that purpose. The
 Assembly are-said to have taken action
 in favor of giving the Rible to the
 slaves. This is good; to take also
 such action as would break down all
 the harriers which slavery sets up
 would be yet better, and not any less
 Christian.
 The cause of truth demands a coun
 terpart to the above, showing how the
 business of distributing the Bible to
 I the slaves is (at least sometimes) con
 ducted. It is the usual, if not univer
 sal policy of the American Bible
 Society to leave the ultimate distribu
 tion ot Bibles to the local auxiliaries
 j within whose limits the work is to be
 done. Consequently it may often hap
 pen that the oflicers of these auxiliaries
 are themselves slaveholders.
 The case is thus presented by Mr.
 Henry Bibb in a a speech befoie the
 j Am. For. A. S. Society.
 He said he called on Dr. Brigham,
 Secretary of the American Bible So
 ciety, to ascertain what steps had been
 taken, if any, to supply the Slaves
 with the Bible, as he saw from month
 to month in the Record published by
 the Society acknowledgments of
 “money for the slaves.” Dr. B. un
 utrtook to show him what was doing
 for the circulation of the Bible among
 the slaves. He turned to the Annual
 Reports, and showed a list of the aux
 iliaries. “He asked me,” said Mr. B.
 “what state I came from.” I said
 Kentucky. “Look here,” said he,
 “and see the auxiliaries we have in
 that state.” He came to Bedford
 county, the county I came from.
 ‘,Who are the officers here?” “Mr.
 A.” “I know him well. He is a
 slave-holder.” “Who next?” “Mr.
 Gatewood.” “That is my old master.
 He an officer of your auxiliary!”
 (Marks of astonishment.) Yes, Wil
 liam Gatewood was the man, who in
 183 ft loaded me with chains—took me
 to the blacksmith’s shop to have the
 chains riveted—had niy feet tied under
 the horse —had me handcuffed—said,
 me to a company of gamblers on spec-,
 ulation, who too,; me to New Orleans
 and sold me. He it was, who separat
 ed me from my wife and dear little
 child, whom I shall never see again
 till 1 meet them at the judgment day. I
 (Great Sensation.)
 My wife was sdd at a great price to'
 a French profligate for vile purposes.;
 This Gatewood, said Mr. 8., was a
 brother in the Methodist church. That
 is the man who is the Secretary of one
 of the auxiliaries of the American Bi
 ble Society! What were the slaves!
 to expect from such a man As well i
 might they expect the fo\ to guard the'
 geeese, or the wolf to protect the lamb,
 as to think that slaveholders would
 circulate the word of God among their
 slaves. The slaves had prayed lor
 the Bible, but their prayers had been,
 in vain. The liberty and spiritual sal
 vation of millions depended upon the
 sacred volume. Where were they to
 go, if not to the freemen of the north?.
 O, Great Spirit! how long has crush
 ed humanity to plead in vain? When
 wilt thou break down the guilt of the
 nation ft estern Christian.
 The President’s Fast.— To return J
 to the idea ol a special divine visitation
 for the sins of the land—which the
 Presidential proclamation obviously
 recognizes—it is a fact worthy of note,;
 that no call to repentance is made by
 the President. His proclamation Dif
 fers from that of the King of Nineveh,
 who, when the prophet Jonah predicted
 its oterthrow, proclaimed, in addition to
 lasting, humiliation and prayer, that
 the people should “turn every one
 from his evil way, and from the vio
 lence that is in their hands.” And it
 is written that “God saw their woiks,
 that they turned from their evil ways, j
 and he repented of the evil that he said
 he would do unto them and be did it
 not.” Not their prayers, be it observed,)
 but their turning from sin averted the
 threatened calamity. With that res
 pect which is due to the Supreme Mag-.
 istrate of our country, wc cannot but
 feel that his proclamation u fatally de
 ficient; much more so coining from a
 Christian ruler, as compared with that
 which came ot old from a heathen king,
 and was effectual.
 Again; says the prophet Isaiah to!
 the Jews, ‘ls not this the fast that I
 have chosen? to loose the bands of
 wiededness, to undo the heavy burdens,
 and to let the oppressed go free, and
 that ve break every yoke TbeA shall
 they light break forth as the morning,
 and /Ay htullh »hall torrng JoriU »peeai
 ty.' Is. Iv«ii. 6—What moral gran
 deur would have invested such a pro
 clamation, coming from the President
 of these slaveholding and slave oppres
 sing United States! The late procla-
mat ion seems based on tne vaia notiou
 entertained bv the Je'* s, that humilia
 tion, fasting and praver are alone
 sufficient to avert evil aud it is to be
 feared that over the vast south and
 west where the calamity has been
 most felt, and where either iirectly cr
 indirectly oppression has been most
 exercised; especially is it to be feared
 that throughout the great Presbyterian
 church, and the Baptist and Methodist
 church South, the day will only he
 observed in the manner in w hich the
 Jews observed it, and the great moral
 evil of the land w ill be utterly ignored!
 When, in the course of events, the
 scourge shall he staved, as indeed it
 is already beginning to be stayed, let
 not the churches take to themselves the
 assurance that God has heard their
 prayers. One right use of the appoint
 ed day will be to show the immense
 inconsistency of prayer without turning
 from sin. —Boston Christum Register.
 WHITE SLAVERY IX GEORGIA.
 The Muscogee (Ga.) Democrat
 gives the following details of an inci
 dent which occurred in that neighbor
 hood, and which is only one of many
 going to show that slavery is by no
 means particular in the color of its
 victims:
 “On Tuesday last, a young white
 girl of the name of Nancy Fann, who
 had for two years been an inmate of
 the house of James R. Jackson, form
 erly of Alabama, hut latterly of Shell
 Creek, in this county, was on petition
 of her mother, a Mrs. Gilder, from
 Huwkinsville, brought before his
 honor, Judge Alexander, on a writ of
 habeas corpus, and after an investiga
 tion of the case, delivered in charge
 of her maternal parent. The circum
 stances of the affair are briefly these:
 Fann’s wife had obtained, several
 years since, a divorce from him, for
 some cause, and subsequently married
 a man by the name of Gilder, who has
 since deceased. The girl Nancy, was
 taken off by her father Fann, and
 brought to Girard, Alabama, whence
 he removed to Wvnnton, where about
 two years ago, she was sold by him
 for a blind horse and Jersey wagon to
 James R. Jackson, as a slave. By
 some means the mother heard of the
 situation of her daughter, now 17 years
 of age, and came on here three months
 ago, with a view to release her from
 bondage to Jackson. Accordingly she
 visited the house of the latter and staid
 three days, when she was ordered off
 and otherwise abused tor seeking sub
 sequent interviews with her daughter,
 wtio was treated in all respects as a
 negro slave by Jackson and his family.
 This becoming known in the neighbor
 hood, Mr. Jas. M Guire and other
 gentlemen interested themselves in the
 matter, and by the generous and vol
 untary aid of Col. S. Jones and Col.
 Rutherford, the Sheriff assisted the
 mother in the recovery of tier child, as
 aforesaid, by a writ of habeas corpus.
 To the credit ofthc has of this city and
 of Girard, not one oi the lawyers
 would undertake to defend the illegal
 claim of Jackson to the services and
 person of Nancy. Indeed, the public
 Jeeling was getting excited both
 against Fann, the seller of his own
 white child, and Jackson the purch
 aser. The latter is a church member
 and cxhorter in holy things, and yet
 treated the female most shamefully.
 She was the only servant about the
 house, or in the field of Jackson, and
 was compelled to perform the most la
 borious and menial drudgery As to
 Fann, he is said to he a rowdy of the
 lowest class, and is now living in open
 concubinage, in the neighborhood of
 the Wvnnton Female Academy, hav
 ing selected that quiet and respectable
 village as a “city of refngc” from the
 lynclnug threatened him in Girard, if
 he did not leave the latter place w ith
 dispatch!”
 Debt ok Gratitidk.—Our friend
 Samuel May, Jr., having been invited
 to attend tiic meeting for the presenta
 tion to Mr. Garrison of a Silver Pitch
 er, in behalf of his colored friends in
 Boston, wrote a letter from which we
 copy the following extract. it em
 bodies a sentiment to which every true
 friend of the slave will heartily res
 pond:
 We all owe a great debt to Mr.
 Garrison for the light and truth which
 he has compelled this unwilling and
 guilty people to see and acknowledge,
 and tor the unshrinking and unhesitat
 ing devotion he has manifested in
 behalf of the enslaved, as well as of
 all other suffering men. Jn this res
 pect, it is not the colored people alone
 whom he has made his debtors. Much
 as they owe him, under God, the debt
 which the slaveholder and his abettors
 —his brother-oppressors in every part
 ot the Lnion—owe, is even greater,
 though not recognized, and bv the
 most of them never to he perceived in
 this world. For the wrongdoer is in
 a worse and more deplorable bondage
 than even his most outraged victim;
 and whatever tends to bring an end to
 the abominable system which thus con
 nects tyrant and victim. i« a benefit to
 them both, and to the former certainly
 not less, all ihings considered, than to
 the latter. This cruel and cowardly
 nation, therefore, and every individual
 member of it, who has been brought to
 see the sin of slavery, and the duty
 ot its immediate abolition, is a debtor
 to an unspeakable degree, to the roan
 who, firm and fearles,, luted up his
 voice in our midst with the nob‘e decia
 ration,‘! will not he silent, I will not
 extenuate; 1 will not retreat a single
 inch, and 1 will be heard.’ 8
 J°M* P,a*roiii _Th* Chroaoiype
 learns that Rev. John Pierpont has ac~
 ,l *c m'ltaUon ofthe Ist Pariah
 in Medford, to become their pa*t«r.
PlfK, lYttt*HfK.
WHOLE NO. 87.
PI BLIC OPIMOX SOITH.
 A Correspondent of the CT rors.type.hu tbs
 i following Does it not afford widens® that
 th* ticth slowlv, eurdy gsumag
 ground ~i the South ami is not this a rsibsf
 important result of that inq-racusable, do
 noth lag peltry The first step towards the
 reformation rf the criminal, to esannae
 htm of hi&gt; gmjj.
 'But nothing can be more unjust
 than to take South C’atolina as a tvp*
 ot the South. Heruttraism finds cim
 paratncly little sympathy beyond her
 own borders. Ihe people of the South
 generally have no strong love for tii*
 institution of Slavery.’ 1 *av this de
 liberately and with the most sincere
 conviction of its truth. Fn this matter
 their prominent presses and orators do
 not truly represent tiie views and feel
 ings ot the mass ot the Southern peo
 ple. Among the mountains of Kentuc
 ky, rennesec, North Carolina and
 f /jieorgia I have found as strong Eman
 cipationists many of them slave
 holders by necessity, it seems to
 them) as can he found in Massa
 chusetts. In other sections of tha
 South where slaves are more numerous
 and more profitable, I have conversed
 with hundred* of slaveholders on thu
 subject of their “peculiar institution,’*
 and the defenders of Slavery, as in
 itself absolutely a good institution and
 one that it is desirable to extci.d and
 perpetuate, 1 have found the exception
 I and not the rule!
 There is a very general feeling that
 j slavery is an evil—a curse to the
 South. One may not find In re many
 who will admit slaveholding, in those
 who are slaveholders by inheritance
 and by what seems to them the abso
 lute necessities of their position, is a
 sin. Neither will these people admit
 that slavery is a curse to the black
 race. The negroes, say they, instead
 of deteriorating are advancing in in
 telligence and civilization, notwith
 standing their unfortunate position.
 But they see that the chain which is
 1 fastened to the ankle of the slave encir
 cles the neck of tl e master. “We,”
 say they, “are cursed, and not the
 negroes.” We have grown up as a
 part of a false social and industrial
 1 mechanism, which we see no way, at
 present, to change. We wish from the
 i bottom of our hearts that we were rid
 of the institution, hut we sec no practi
 cable plan by which we can he freed
 from it. Immediate emancipation,
 without provisions for the removal of
 our black population or an entirely
 new and unique industrial organization,
 J which tvc arc not prepared for, is neith
 j er possible nor desirable.”
 For the soundness of these viuw* I
 should not be willing to he heid r*s
 ponsible. I simply wish to show that
 there exists less attachment to slaver/
 r l'«re than is generally supposed, ami
 1 that ‘he way is already prepared for
 the icception ot more correct opinions
 FEM\LJ: IIAHAt T^K.
 If the female who flirts and plays the
 I coquette, could bu realize the detri
 ment to her reputation which is sure to
 follow upou her thoughtless levity,
 there would ho less cause for, ami lens
 actual repentance, among tlio lair'sex,
 I than one meets with, at this tunc, m
 every day life! Could every lovely
 woman feel and believe how differently
 the sensible oi the opposite sex enjoy
 the socie!y and smiles of the sober
 minded and well-informed fernalo, a*
 compared will, the silly, giddy, heart
 less “belle” of the day—how different
 would be the deportment of thousands
 ot society, who are now reared only
 for display and coquetry.
 And yet, such is the present forma
 tion of society, that woman is not over
 cautious in regard to her good name, m
 the above particular. She has been
 taught the ait of aiming to please the
 other sex, and she flaunts, and chats,
 and smiles, and frowns with hut one
 object-—that ot rivalling some other
 “belle in the cotterie where she flirt*
 for the tune being and this is fashion.
 V\ ell and truly does a contemporary re
 mark that “to women, reputation is in
 deed a jewel so intimately connected
 with her true happiness, that to barter
 it tor any consideration, were a loss
 eventually irreparable.”
 There is certainly something in the
 ordinance of human affairs, in the or
 ganization of society, which demands
 from the female sex the highest ton*
 of purity ahd strictest observance sf
 duties pertaining to woman’s sphere.
 There has always existed a marked
 difference in the measure of reproach
 cast upon the sexes for similar faults.
 Woman must suffer in the dust, sh*
 may he cast dow nin an instant, from
 the loftiest eminence, for trivial faults
 while man walks proudly upright and
 penetrates the highest circles, thou-h
 covered with his vices. Reputation
 all to women, yet a breath may sod a.
 ould she preserve the priceless jewel,
 “he cannot be too cautious in her de
 portment,or in choosing her associates.
 By all means should she avoid giving
 encouragement to a long tiain of dif
 ferent admirers.— i m Vnum.
 Dvm.eii or Rtvtaic.—Do anything
 innocent rather than give up to reveri#.
 I can speak on this point from experi
 ence. At one period of my life, I was
 dreaming cattle builder. Visions of
 the distant and future took the place
 of present duty and activity. I spent
 hours m reverie. 1 suppose I was
 seduced in part by physical debility.
 But the body suffered as much as th*
 mind. 1 j'o*nd, too, that the irntnagm
 ■at mu threatened to inflame the pas
 sion*, sod if I meant to be virtuous, 1
 must dismiss tnv muting*. The con
 flict was a hard one. 1 resolved, pray
 ed, reswted,sought refuge id occupation
 and at length triumphed. 1 beg ve«
 •to avail youmlf of my eipenenct.'
"
