"wining with and murdering Catholics h
 Mexico, scoffing at their religion, dessctatiiH
 their temples, throwing down their altars, a
 the same time pretending to sympathise wttl
 Catholics in Europe, that we lose them sih
 desire to see them freed from oppressor
 laws.
 How do intelligent Europeans look ope
 such conduct T —what do they say of it II
 referred to a carricaturc illustration lately pu
 forth ui the London Punch, representing a:
 American slaveholder scaled in a chair, anno
 with a bowie knife and revolving pistol in hi
 belt, s slave-whip under his arm one foot t
 placed upon the bust of Washington, fallei
 on the ground. Before him are t.wo kneelinj
 and manacled slaves. Oa one side arc tw&lt;
 traffickers in human flesh. Before him, in th»
 distance, is a liberty pole —to it is bound a
 slave, fastened bv one end of the Amenear
 banner of stars and stripes, which hang!
 trailing down. Near to that is a whipping
 post, to which is chained a naked slave, whik
 one is applying th j lash. In the background,
 are representations of some of the battles be
 tween Americans and Mexicans, embellished
 with some of their horrid accompaniments—
 conflagrated towns, broken walls, blazing can
 nons, exploded bombshells, the ground strewn
 with horses and men dying and dead.” Said
 Douglass This picture is characteristic
 and as truly American as Bunker llill, and
 as Webster said of it, It looks, it speaks,
 it act*.’ Thus intelligent foreigners regard
 vs. Well rnigiit the poet Whittier, filled
 with sorrow and indignation at our attempts
 to divert attention from our damning sins, by
 proffering sympathy to foreign nations, ex
 claim
 Go let u* a«k of Constantine to loose his grasp on
 Polani’s thrf»at,
 And Ik-4 tlw; Lord of Mahmoud’s line to spare the
 Straggiing Suliote;
 Will n-&gt;t the scorching answer come, from turban’d
 Turk and fiery Russ.,
 Go loose your fettered slaves at borne, then turn and
 ask the like of us.*
 We cannot conceal our great sin every
 attempt to do so, but the more loudly pro
 claims it, seems to raise it up in bad emi
 nence’ to the abhorrent gaze of mankind.
 Men arc coming to hold religious bodies,
 with their almost omnipotent instrumentalities
 for good os evil, as responsible for the giant
 sins of the age, and especially for American
 slavery. What are the Conferences, Synods,
 Presbyteries and Religious Conventions all
 over the land, doing upon this question?—
 With few exceptions, opposing its progress,
 •tilling discussion, furnishing scriptural argu-i
 rnents, either to justify their criminal neglect i
 in passing by on the other side the wounded
 and bleeding victims of slavery, or in the
 support of slavery.” Here he read extracts
 from a sermon written by Bishop lledding, to
 be preached to slaves, founded upon the
 golden rule, “All things whatsoever ye would
 that m m do unto you, do ye even to unto
 them.” I verily thought that to enforce the
 'doctrines of that rule, would be to abolish j
 slavery; that, if being held as a slave, wc
 should wish to be made free so, holding an-
 other as a slave, it would be our duty to re
 store him to liberty. It seemed a simple
 truth, respecting which none could err. I
 could imagine no other interpretation, and no
 other but a slaveholding Divine, or u pro
 slavery Theologian would dare give it any
 oilier interpretation. But hear Bishop lled
 ding explain If you (slaves) were in your
 master's places, and your masters were in
 yours, you would wish them to obey you at
 all times, in your presence and when you
 were absent. Then 3ince, in the providence
 of God, you are slaves, you should obey your
 masters, not with eye service,as men pleasers.
 but as servants doing the will of God, from
 the heart: all things whatsoever,’ &amp;c. Is
 not this wrenching scripture into the support,
 of an unholy thing Just Heaven! and arc j
 these thy ministers?”
 Douglass, in closing his remarks, made an
 appeal to the friends of the cause, bidding
 them go on as heretofore, with the approba
 tion of God, and the blessings of those who
 are ready to perish. Mr. James B. Congdon
 here made some excellent remarks, com
 mending the Star and its Editor to the sup
 port of the public. The circumstances under
 which the paper was established, were pe
 culiar, and reflected honor upon Mr. Doug
 lass. Praised in Great Britain and caressed,
 he could not be persuaded to stay from Ins
 oppressed and enslaved countrymen, but pre
 ferred to return, to suffer with and labor for
 them. When about to embark for America,
 his friends gathered around him, and taking
 him by the hand, asked, What shall we
 give you as a token of our love?” “Give
 me a press give me a press It was the
 great heart, sacrificing the thought of self to
 the claims of a great cause—a noble end. As
 we love that cause and hope for that end, it is
 a guaranty that in supporting his press, we
 are sustaining a worthy laborer. About 20 j
 persons subscribed to the paper.
 It was a meeting long to be remembered.—
 I had better have written nothing than to have
 written less yet tins is but a mere sketch of J
 the meeting.
 J. B. SANDERSON.
East Lexington, Mass., Feb. 7. '4B.
 F'ditou of the Star— Dear Sir:—-In
 long article in a late number of the Star,
 (it btung an article which had previously ap
 peared in the Iloston Courier,) occurs a para
 graph something like the following: “He
 (Mr. Palfrey) is no advocate for that Liberty
 party bigotry which w ill not rote for a slave
 holder under any circumstances,” 4c.* I
 perceive that you enter no disclaimer to this,
 and therefore would call your attention to it.
 I am proud of being one humble individual
 member of any party who possess a bountiful
 tupply of that kind of Ingotry which leads a
 ■tan to conscientiously refrain from voting for
 a Man T/urf. It may seem right to rote for a
 alareholder, to a Massachusetts Conscience
 Whig,” but I trust it does not to any one who
 glories in the name of Abolitionist.
 Yours, GEORGE W. SI.WONDS.
Dcath or Mbs. Dawson—The death
 of this lady ia announced in English paper*
 of last antra!. She was eldest daughter of
 the late Sir Robert Peel, and consequently
 sister of the ex-premicr.
We hawre-perwed the (Menre of Mr. Palfrey,
 BMUislki-d in the iltrMH* Courier and ropied into the
 Nurth Httr, and find nothing abuut L'htiiy party
 *r*'y ‘-Editor
Air AMEBIC AX IXQUUITIOX.
 In the dark age* of European history, a
 mquaitonal conclave of Popieb prints ptk
 its infernal instruments of torture, in vai
 attempts to (rag Uw expression of though
 and to perpetuate the reign of ignorance an
 error; in the time of the good queen Bess,
 M iu famous Star Chamber tried to smothc
 the budding growth of free inquiry and tyi
 annical kings, and emperon, and government
 have oAeoumcs, in later days, used othe
 means to prevent truth from finding an uttei
 ance, lest their base designs against the ngb l
 J and libertic* of their subjects should be di
 teeted and exposed but it has been reserve
 for the free people of the United States, i
 the nineteenth century, in the midst of cn
 lightenment and intelligence, to make a
 attack, more atrocious, because more inex
 inisa'ole, upon the free thought and free ex
 pression of their fellow-citizens.
 ‘•The land of the free,” is it! What
 misnomer what a mockery what an insul
 to the name of Liberty That is not free
 dom of discussion, in which only one party i
 allowed to speak that is not freedom of in
 quirv, which looks only at one side of ai
 argument; that is not—cannot be. a frc&lt;
 country, in which, if an editor expresses him
 self on any subject in a way that happens no
 to coincide with popular sentiment, he expose
 himself to the midnight assaults of lawless
 ness and ignorance. This, then, is not a frei
 country. It is a country iu which men an
 bought, and sold, and outraged, and held it
 bondage and the American people, not beinj
 themselves imbued with the true spirit o
 freedom, arc even now attempting to fasten
 yoke of bondage on the neck of a neighbor
 ing republic. Their deeds are evil, and wi!
 not bear exposure. Therefore it is, tha
 when an editor rebukes the jierpetrators o
 those evil deeds, and exposes their bascnesi
 and their w ickedness, a cowardly assault is
 made upon his house and printing-office by i
 lawless mob of free Americans. Alas! foi
 the freedom that manifests itself after this
 sort! Alas! for the brutality and ignorance
 of the people that can be guilty of such ar
 outrage But in this way has the world evei
 rewarded its benefactors. Prophets, ami
 reformers, and teachers, have not failed, cithei
 through ignorance or design, to be thus re
 compensed for their disinterested efforts or
 behalf of their kind. Poor short-sighted
 humanity when will you learn to recognize,
 in tfie man of fearless speech and free thought,
 the real pioneer of progress! Errors abound;
 iniquity prevails a monstrous wickedness it
 being committed by our country men sigh
 amid the evils of ignorance and injustice and
 liccause an editor attempts to remove the one
 —to expose the other, he is assaulted,
 mobbed, injured
 "W hy is it that the land rings not with the
 sound of the outrage upon the editor of the
 I Charter Oak, in Hartford? Why is it that
 when, not more than two months since, in
 Canton, Ohio, an editor, sixty years of age,
 was dragged from his bed and beaten unmer
 cifully, because he dared to speak plainly
 about certain officers who were recruiting for
 the Mexican army in that part of the coun
 try, little, if any notice is taken of the fact
 How comes it that such atrocities ss these
 are passed over by the press in almost utter
 silence It can be accounted for only on the
 ground that they too are under the influence
 of the miserable conquest mania, which is
 gnawing like a cancer at the heart of the
 American people; that they too crave more
 blood—nmre glory, and care not that the
 atrocity of the Mexican war, and the w icked
 ness of its instruments should be made mani
 fest.
 Such, however, is the invariable conse
 quence of any transgression by a nation of
 the laws of eternal justice and morality. It
 corrupts and vitiates the very heart-fountains
 of the entire people. Every attempt that is
 made to exeuse or palliate the crime produces
 a plentiful harvest in the destruction of moral
 sentiment and right feeling and the result of
 the whole—crime, palliation, apology —will
 be, the retarding for years of the progress of
 humanity. At the present time, the cor
 rupting influence of the Mexican war upon
 popular sentiment, is obvious enough—it is
 mischievous enough hut when the men who
 have been employed in this wicked crusade of
 rapine, violence, and slaughter, shall return,
 with degraded natures, to their peaceful
 homes and families, in the quiet towps and
 villages of our country, how much more ap
 parent and how fearful will be the inarch of
 demoralization and iniquity It is still true
 as ever, in reference to such transgression—
 Sow the wind, and ye shall reap the whirl
 wind.”
 But the cowardly and ruffianly attempt of
 the myrmidons of war in Hartford, to gag
 the editor of the Charter Oak, will not be
 successful: he says
 Wc i»&lt;end to do right— to be true to our
 convictions of duty— to speak out unfalter
 ingly, as we have heretofore spoken, in con-j
 damnation of the rapacity of our government.
 of its infernal crusade against Mexico, and
 of all who intelligently participate in the
 crime. We intend to strip off the mask of
 glory, with which interested demagogues
 seek to hide tfic grim visage of war, and show
 the ugly blood-smeared visage beneath it.
 Our pen, our tongue, our press, shall be free, I
 Brute violence may destroy them; but while
 they have the power of utterance at all it
 shall be a free and fearless utterance.”
 It is well that there are some such spirits
 as the editor of the Charter Oak in our land,
 else were there not reason to fear that the,
 day of our downfall is nigh l —j. D
Pawti-ckr t peb. Bth, *4B.
 Mr. F. Douglass Sir—l hare received
 your very important and raluable paper,
 The North Star,” up to this date, with the
 exception of the No. 1, which would be
 glad if you could forward, if conreniem.
 Though 1 hare not as yet Interested my
 self, or but little, against the ab.rminablc sys
 tem of slavery, yet I ever felt a sympathy
 j toward9 Buch outraged vtetuna of humanity
 I was therefore happy to hear you announce
 m this town, your intention of lotting the
 world ace that talent and good principles are
 not to be estimated by the color of the akin
 that you would turn Editor,” ud
 teiW another powerful battery against the
 strongholds of the slaveholder, under the
 shelter of the National Constitution, State
 Rights, Ac., which will contribute, as it can
 not fail to do, much towards the emancipation
 of your race, even aa much so as the opera
 tions of an Exmouth,, and a Decatur, before
Algiers, tint compelled the poetical dr spot,
 the Dey, to ddhrer «p his captive Christian
 while lioat.
 j tiooa fur reprint each aa the wry interesting
 I speech of toe Hoe. G. Thompson, epos
 Free Trade,” and the Rov. Theodore Par
 ker a poo Slavery, and the very important ar
 tides and speeches in relation to oar brigandish
 outrage upon Mexico; likewise with your
 exposures of the profiemors of Christianity,
 of the various sects of Christians, whose min
 isters and congregations sul) hold fellowship
 with their siavebolding churches mod pastors
 iof the South. Thus are they piously carry- j
 I ing the cross with one ana, and linking whb
 the derit, arm in arm, with the other.
 In the No. 164 of Littell's Living Age,”j
 j there is an extract from the “Charleston Mer
 cury,” w hich represents the Island of Jamaica
 as in a ruined condition since its emancipation
 from slavery. Instead of over 200,000 h«*gs,
 heads of sugar exported as formerly, it has
 diminished to 30,000. The negroes are de
 nounced as indolent, because they do not
 work as when under the lash of the slave
 driver yet it is acknowledged that they are
 enabled to maintain themselves with little
 work, and that sufficient labor cannot be had j
 and that “all the whits inhabitants able to
 leave the island, have gone sway.” The dif
 fore nee of export is proof enough of the
 means used and inflicted upon the poor slave I
 to extort the greatest amount of unjust labor
 whilst the abolishment of this, gives the
 amount of over-taxed labor to the industrious
 free laborer—transfers it from the tyrannical,;
 avaricious slave-driver, to the free working-j
 man and if Jamaica, or any other island, or
 nation, or United States, cannot thrive*
 without slave labor, then they ought not to
 thrive, and the sooner they go down the better
 for humanity, morality and justice. If the
 free laborer is able to maintain himslf with
 little work there, it is what he cannot do here;
 and if the white laborer there is not satisfied
 with being ab|e to maintain himself with but
 little work, then let him leave, to where he
 wdl have to do so much more work for his
 support. Thus we see the very arguments r
 brought foiward, which are never founded’
 upon a better basis than interest and extortion,
 —humanity, truth and justice being uf the
 question arc shown to disprove that which
 they would endeavor to establish —that slavery
 would be ruinous to abolish.
 Yours, most respectfully,
 JOSEPH LAWTON.
WEST Vienna, Feb. 11, 1848.
 Messrs. Douglass and Delant Dear
 Sirs, —On looking over the 6th Number of
 the North Star, I noticed iu the report of the
 l Winfield Fair and Meetings, statements made
 respecting myself, which need a little cor
 j rcction not that I charge the reporter with
 any intention of misrepresenting what I said,
 or what I meant to say.
 The report says—
 Mr. Walker’s discourse was chiefly made
 up of statements respecting his own suffer
 ings.”
 If my memory is not very defective, very
 little of my remarks consisted of statements
 of my sufferings; and what I did say in
 allusion to them, was, if possible, to induce
 others to the great work before them, and
 place in the hands of their neighbors and
 i children the means of information respecting
 the condition of f he slaves, and their claims
 on us and our kidnapping government.
 There wxs one statement respecting his
 poverty, which he made—that his family
 1 were now living in a miserable cabin in Ply
 mouth, the only covering of which w'as a
 piece of cotton cloth.’’
 I am confident I did not say, in so many
 words, that the only covering cf my miser
 able cabin was a piece of cotton doth but
 i that it was composed of a few rough boards,
 battened with laths on the sides, and over
 head was covered with a piece of cotton
 cloth. I here remark, to prevent being mis
 understood, that the top of the cabin is nearly
 flat, with common cotton sheeting lacked over
 it, and paid with turpentine, to make it shed
 water. This being put up with my own
 hands in a hurry, was the best I could do to
 shelter my family from the elements and the
 materials of this I am yet in debt for, w ithout
 the means of paying.
 It is a little too bad, that a man who has
 suffered, as Mr. Walker has done, in the
 cause of the slave, and who labors as he now
 does, should be allowed to live in such ex
 treme destitution as he now does, or to be
 compelled to expose his poverty before every
 meeting he addresses.”
 This idea, that I make it a part
 of my discourse to make statements respecting
 my poverty which is very incorrect: for it
 is seldom I make mention of it in public, and
 should not have made the statement I did at
 Winfield, had I not been requested to do so,
 while speaking.
 The collection taken up on the occasion,
 was loss, instead of more, than ten dollars.
 It was more, however, than all the collections
 taken up for us, since leaving home in No
 vember last. We do not take up collections,
 and have consented that any should be taken
 up for us only on three or four occasions, to
 defray expenses.
 Yours, for the best cause,
 JONATHAN WALKER.
 P.S. Friend J. S. Jacobs and myself will
 probably be at your place in three or four
 weeks we arc now working our way
 through Oswego County westward. J. W.
Philadelphia, Feb. 8, 1848.
 Friends Douglass and Delaxy- —ln
 reading your valuable paper, from the first
 number to the present, I hare looked over
 your correspondence carefully for something
 1 from our city of Brotherly Lowe, hoping that
 some more able pen than mute would take
 hold and rouse our people from their slumber
 ing condition.
 You are aware that Philadelphia contains
 as great, if not a greater number, of colored
 persons, than any other city in this slave
 holding Union.
 There are a number of topics occupying
 the minds of the disfranchised in this city.
 The church is the great place of resort;
 thousands flock to the church, to hear any
 thing but anti-slavery; for lam sorry to say,
 that the ministers in Philadelphia have not
 yet learned the first principles of human
 rights. The majority of our churches are so
 connected with sliTeholding, that they have
 almost forgotten that tins is a land of slaves.
d those that do net stand so connected,
 4
have no 6afmd6m t» ope* their tea, to
 have the claim of —Mining hsmsuty pn
 ■csted to their penile. Yet I an pleased to
 he able to state, that oar oomiiuua a orach
 better than it area fifteen pears ago.
 We have a Lyceum and Library, where
 there is a lecture sod a debate oooe a week.
 The qnestaoo that has beea discussed for the
 last few evenings, is, Have we a reasonable
 prospect that prejudice sgamst out color will
 cease, and that ore shall Dve oa a social sod
 political equality with the whites in this
 country 1 The question has called forth
 some singular remarks sad notwithstanding
 the rapid progress our people have made, and
 are making, in general intelligence, there are
 these in our midst, from whom we should
 have expected butter things, supporting coo
 s icntiou 1 fie negative aide of the quet on.
 The Sabbath question occupies the atten
 tion of some; hut it is astonishing to hear
 how little the majority of persons know or
 have thought upon this subject. They take
 it fur granted, that what their minister says
 is correct, without ever lucking fur them
 selves.
 The attention of the people has been called
 somewhat to petitions. The word wAito, in
 our constitution, which debars us from the
 elective franchise, has not as yet created that
 feeling of indignation in the minds of our
 people, that it ought.
 1 am, gentlemen, Yours,
 CEO. W. GOINES.
TIIE FIVE ERAS.
 The Patriarchal—tl« Warlike—the Commercial—
 the Free—tbc Brotheily.
 In the world’s youth, when its inhabitants
 were thinly settled here and there on the
 oases of Arabia, we see the patriarchs sus
 taining in their own persons the united offices
 of prophot, priest, and king. Abraham,
 Isaac, and Jacob, and their contemporaries,
 rule, teach, and intercede for their families.
 They seek no other power —make no further
 conquest; but living in one spot, as long as
 that spot will sustain them, with those under
 their care—with their flocks, and their herds,
 and their cattle, pass their time in simplicity
 and innocence. Man’s wants are few; his
 knowledge limited; his aspirations humble,
 llis God is ever present, to watch over hint—
 to lead him in the green pastures, and be
 side the still waters.” Always depending upon
 m Almighty power to sustain—an Almighty
 inn to uphold, his faith fails not —his religion
 fades not; his days, and months, and years,
 glide smoothly along, till his earthly exist
 ence terminates in a peaceful old age of a
 hundred and forty years.
 But the stream of time rolls on! Men
 multiply and increase, and spread over the
 face of the earth. Agriculture is followed,
 and cities are built, and countries are peopled.
 The warrior steps forth —a man of fearless
 heart and iron frame—a man of action. He
 galhers his friends and dependants around
 him. The earth resounds with the rumor of
 his valor and the glory of his fame. He
 subjects countries to his sway robs his fel
 lows of their share of God’s earth, by the
 power of his might; becomes the king, the
 conqueror, the emperor; and in subduing,
 civilizes man.
 Still time rolls on New principles arise
 in the world new wants arise. The ever
 craving, ambitious aspirations of the human
 soul, ceaselessly striving after something
 higher—something belter, will not rest satis
 fied under the iron yoke of conquest. Inven
 tions are made science extends; ships are
 built; new worlds are discovered. Men g(
 to all the ends of the earth in search of gain
 the scorching regions of the tropics—th&lt;
 freezing precincts of the poles, are ransacked
 for gain. They dive into ,the depths of tht
 ocean, for gain they dig into the bowels o
 the earth, for gain they live, to count thcii
 dollars and, dying lose them om
 merce extends its sway and by it, men ar&lt;
 robbed of their birthright, through fraud—a.«
 they were by the warrior, through violence.
 Selfishness becomes the all-governing prin
 ciple gold the all-worshipped deity. The
 ignorant, in their weakness, are oppressed
 and plundered. Kings, constitutions and
 laws, being all arrayed on the side of wealth,
 the rich become richer, and the poor more
 poverty-stricken. W ant, misery, and wretch
 edness prevail in the huts of the poor and the
 mud-hovels of the injured. The claims of
 brotherhood are despised; the bands of kin
 dred are severed; man, in the image of his
 Maker, is sold, chained, scourged; he is, at
 one and the same time, civilized, robbed, de
 graded and the most paradoxical of all para
 doxes appears—in the midst of inexhaustible
 supplies of clothing, many want raiment; in
 the midst of abundance of the gifts of Pro
 vidence, many also want food.
 Still the wheel of Time goes round, and
 faster than before! People run to and
 fro, and knowledge is increased.” Men sigh
 in thoir prison- house, and groan in their
 bondage, and seek for a way of escape.
 They labor for the means of subsistence, and
 strange to say, their efforts are ineffectual;
 they produce abundance, but like the 1 an
 talus draught, it still eludes their reach.
 They see the beneficence of their Creator
 everywhere displayed, and each one asks
 himself the question, Am not I one of God’s
 children and if I am, why am I not a sharer
 of his bounty! It is then they learn that
 Commerce is robbing them of their share.
 Then they turn to the rich and mighty, and
 ask their protection against the robberies of
 Commerce; but selfishness and gam having
 blinded their moral vision, their reply m,
 “Commerce does nothing contrary to the
 laws of man.” Then they tern to the reli
 gious— to the professor of that religion
 which teaches to do justly and Jove mercy,”
 and ask his help against the aggressions of
 their enemy; but he too deaf to their en
 treaty, for he is a daily and devout wor
 shipper at Mammon’s shrine and his answer
 Commerce doss nothing conn ary to the
 laws of God.” Then they resolve to seek
 no more the aid of tbc nefa, or the mighty,
 or the professedly religious, hut trusting in
 the strength of then good cause, they demand
 from the oppressor, and the miser, and the
 selfoli, in th; sacred namss of eternal
 Truth and Justice, 41 the inalienable right
 to life, liberty, and the person of happiness,”
 with the means snd the power to sustain life,
 to maintain liberty —to follow after happi
 ness and, amid the bunting of hoods, and
 the breaking of chains, and the throwing o f
 of fetters, «mc n«f»f shoot of gnre&amp;sl j*»v
We an free! we are free
 “Roll on, ye dark brtnra yeara,** sad
 usher in the dawning of a better time! flee
 there is a higher steadily to attain —a nobler
 doty to perform, than in comprehended tn the
 politician's moat extended idea of U ous:
 ftart! lama aOar! Peace, Love and Friend
 ship, mat* yet be the fudaf stars of hu
 manity the wide world oae country, and all
 men oae family. Errors wiU then vanish,
 tike the mists of Burning, before die opening
 dawn of Troth's bright day and the fruits
 of sympathy wiU ripen and arrive at their
 perfect growth, beneath the summer sun
 of Universal Lore. Ob, peaceful day! oh,
 better time! when will your glorious morn
 ing dawn? Come in thy splendor! shine
 in thy beauty! pour forth the rays of thy
 light and thy love! Scatter the mists of
 Prejudice; dispel the gloom of Ignorance;
 chase away the dink vapors of Vice! And
 then will the sweet song of the new dispensa
 tion arise; in one glad chorus of thrilling me
 lody, from the children of Earth of every clnue
 and every color—“ We are bn threa !we
 are brethren !’*—j. n.
NOTICES.
WESTERN NEW YORK ANTI
 SLAVERY SOCIETY.
 The Executive Committee will meet on
 Tuesday evening next, Feb. tfUth, at the
 house of Isaac Post, 36, Sophia Street.
 Attendance is requested at 7 o'clock pre
 preciscly.
 W. C. NELL, Rec. Sec.
 anti-slavery meetings.
 Charles Lenox Rcmond and J. C. Hatha,
 way, A gents of the Western New York Anti
 Slavery Society, propose to hold Anti Sla,
 very Meetings, at the following places
 Geneva, Thura. and Fri. Feb. 17 18.
 Vie ma, Sat. and Sand. 1!) 50.
 Faimington,Tucs. and Wed. 22 A 53.
 Palmyra, Thun, and Fri. 24 25.
 Williamson, Sat. and Sund. 2C 27.
 Ontario, Mon. and Tues. 28 29.
 Th 3 meetings will commence on the after
 noon of the first day, at 2 o'clock.
 I Frederick Douglass has engaged to at
 tend nearly all these meetings. The Agents
 j hope to have his aid at all of them.
 I fiends rtf the Slave! will you come to j
 these meetings, prepared to speak, to hear,
 and to act This nation is in the midst of a
 mighty moral revolution—
 And have ye chos-n, oh, my people,
 On whose patty ye shall stand,
 Ere (he Doom from its worn sau:!al
 Shakes the dust against our land 1”
 By bold, united, and decisive action, all
 j may yet be well with our slave-cursed couu- j
 j try. At any rate, we can discharge our duty, j
 and thereby maintain our integrity. Angels
 can do no more, and we should do no less.—
 Means will be taken at the above meetings to I
 secure the active co-operation of the friends of
 the slave, during the coming year. Never;
 was there a more auspicious moment to strike
 a blow for freedom, “Upward and onward!” f
 is the motto.
 The friends in the different localities are
 expected to make all necessary arrangements.
ANTI-SLAVERY LECTURES.
 Jonathan Walker, (a victim of the slave
 i power,) and John S. Jacobs, (a self emanct
 pated slave,) will lecture at the following
 specified places and times:
 Colossc, Oswego Co., Saturday, Feb. l!&gt;.
 Union Square, Sunday,’ 20.
 Mexicoville, Tuesday, 22.
 New Haven, Wednesday, 23.
 Scrtba, Thursday, 24.
 Will the friends of the slave, at the above
 j places, make the necessary arrangements for
 the meetings, and be prepared to carry the
 J lecturers from place to place, without charge.
 NOTICE.
 K. D. Hudson's appointments, in company
 with an American slave, in Heikmicr, Otsego,
 and St. Lawrence counties
 Bracket's neighborhood, 4 miles from Lit
 tle Falls, Herkimer county, Thursday, Feb
 ruary 17.
 Nieholsville, St. Lawrence county, Friday
 and Saturday 18 and 19.
 Little Falls, Herkimer county, Sunday, 20.
 Fairfield, Herkimer county, Monday, 21.
 Norway, Herkimer co., Tuesday. 22.
 Fort Plain, Herkimer co., Thursday, 24.
 Newville, Herkimer co., Friday, 25.
 Springfield, Otsego co., Saturday, 26.
 Richland, do Sunday, 27.
 Winfield, do Monday, 28.
 The meetings to commence at 6 o'clock, i
 P.M.
PUBLIC MEETING IN BOSTON.
 On Monday evening l the 14th inst., a pub
 lic meeting of the colored citizens of Boston,
 'assembled in Belknap Street Church, to hear
 an anti-alavery address from the Her. Joseph
 C. Lovcjoy, of Carabridgeport.
 The meeting was called to order by Mr.
 Bibb. C. H. Roberts in the chair Wm. G.
 Allen, Secretary.
 The following resolutions were then offered
 by Henry Bibb, the fugitive slave, and accept
 ed
 Whereas, from a late report of the Canada
 Missionary Society, we learn that the under-j
 ground railroad is in successful operation, over
 one thousand slaves from opa State alone, j
 having escaped to Canada West and where-,
 as, the climate is more congenial with tbeir
 health and prosperity than the Colony at Li
 beria therefore,
 Ist. Resolved, That we recommend the
 Canada Colony to the support of the commu
 nity, in preference to Liberia and the linrt
 fact alone is a striking proofthat, if “the slaves
 are not able to take care of themselves,” they
 are able to take off themselves.
 3d. That we congratulate all fugitive slaves,
 who have set their feet on free soil, or who
 m iy hereafter do so, and rejoice with them in
 the enjoyment of a right guaranteed them by
 law, namely, the right of attf defence.
 3d. Resolved, That we recommend to all
 such persons to defend themselves ag-cnal ail
 attempts made by slaveholders, or their abet
 tors, to retake them back iato bondage, to the
 sacrifice of human life in self-defence, if ne
 cessary, and to seller the penalty of the lav,
 w hich would be hr belter litas to be taken
 back to hopeless bondage.
 Hr. L., gave one of bis able sad encourag
 ing add mart in behalf of suffering humanity,
 for which s vole of thank# was tendered him.
 A motion was then made, after a spirited
 debate, for the adoption of the renolotious.
 The third resolution was opposed by W.
 W. Brown, and defended by Messrs. Cum
 mings, Bibb, and others; after which, it was
 adopted by almost a unanimous vote.
 Moved by Henry Bibb, that the proceedings
 of this meeting be published in the Emanci
 pator, the CTmmotvpe, the Lib rumor, and the
 North Star, and that we invite all other aau
 siavery papers to copy the same.
 WM. O. ALLEN, Secretory.
 Boston, Peh. |sth, I*4s,
Tax tlrranmnm. —A co respoadect of
 the Boston WaahmftOMßß says:
 “We hid rather tear Abby Hutchinson
 than iatai to the muotc of all lha Don
 nas and Signoras in Ch ptcsxkan. She sings;
 they anaudmiae sod scream. Them are
 otters &lt;’f the icuu.- optoioji. as the audince
 ut the MMmfeon Lst Monday night testified.
 A* for the brothers, v« w rhsHgC in
 ,7’- ll *T w just as God made Uwvn,
 full of heart and If for no other wwoo,
 love them for then philanthropy. Tbev
 tel for humanity =a
 w.-11. They rein mber ibu poor slaie in’ hi*
 gmlhng chains the drttnkaru in his dreams
 uudnem; the «u!o» in her hours of loneli
 ness and the orphan in us helplessness It
 for tlmae traits of true nobthly that they are
 beloved row, and will he honored and cher
 ished hereafter. They are the heralds of a
 j IT***! time coming,’ and by their tare talents
 and extnumimnry gifts, they arc doing more
 to hasten the triumph of right over might,
 than any equal number of persons within our
 ken. May God bless them in all their move
 j meins, and abundantly reward them according
 to their nch ilr-sen ins*.
 ILr* 1U- New Drieaiiseorrespoouvnt of the
 New York Tribune, says:
 With sorrow I enclose you the within state
 meat of the result of our election of a U. S.
 j Senator.—This was effected by bnbtry roost
 undoubtedly—so all say. Mr. Myles (the ab
 j sentee) declared that he had been offered four
 negroes if he would stay away and not vote.
 JHe did stay away. The House investigated
 the matter io day. I hope there is honesty
 enough and coupgs* enough to probe the in
 iquity to the bottom, but I fear not. Soule is
 no American and no Statesman, but a gentle
 man and a man of taleut. I can hardly be
 lieve that he will allow himself to be made the
 instrument and beneficiary of such corruption,
 even though his party require it. Wa shall
 i see. The State, the Country, and the Ame
 rican character are involved in the issue, s.
DIED
 In Princeton, (Mass.) on Sumhay, tlie 22J ult.,
 Mia. Sally It. Everett, wile of J.«i&gt;ua T.
 I Everett, aged 37. Her richness was Log and
 painful, but her mind caiiliiiueJ clear and calui to tin
 last. Among tlie various messages that sire left for
 be. friends, and others, was a special request to
 say to die Baptist church, fi-um her, that she had wo
 unpleasant reflections in relation to her leaving die
 Church, but warned thcmjto see to it, drat the blood
 j of souls was not in tire skirts of their garments—
 (alluding, of course, to tlrcir indirect connection
 with tire guilt of slavery.) Site loved the Auti-
 Sluvery cause pre-eainie.itly, though she felt ajjjlivrlv
 interest in every righteous canse relating to the re
 demption of cur rare from sin and su.Tcring.— Lib.
COHMEIUIAL.
Rochester. Feb. 16.1848.
 Tlic roails are nmv very had, and very little pro
 ducc coming in. I.i Wlie.it ami Flour there are no
 I transactions worthy ofuoticc. Tlic former nomiivd
 ly SI 18421 20; the latter to retailers at ss&lt;?s 50.
 In Bcr’ey, Corn, and Oat-, no change in prices.
 Com Meal 50 ct*; Hams 7to 8 cts; .Shoulder*
 sto 6 cts; Potut-x-* 44 to 50 cts; White Beans
 87 {rfo ~1; Cheese 6to 6jrla; Rutter 16 cts; hggj
 12cts.
Xew York, Feb. 23.
 Flour and Meal—The Flour market has been tint
 and tendency of price* if anything upward. Sale
 about 6000 bi t* at 5.6 OCJiKti Ist for cdimu-m am
 j good brands Western aud Gene see, and $6 25 fo
 1 favorite hrand*. N. Oilcan* f 6 for common, an
 $6 37J extra. Sales 1000 Ibis fancy Genesee a
 •i $6 75. Demand entirely from tlic East and trade,
 ■j Meal heavy at 2 C2| fur Jersey. Suia
 1 sales Rye Fl..ur at -j; 44? 4 25.
 i Crain—\\ heat in moderate enquirs for milling
 sale 600 bu. interior Soiitlicrn ai f i 12|; 2000 d
 western on private term*.
 j Corn lias been active; the low price of height
 inducing ship owner* lo buy for shipment instead t
 axe pti'ig Inv freight*. Sal to-day are 35 to 40,
 000 Ui. at o'2/ii 57 tor new and old white and yellow
 neatly all for .shipment. Sale 15,000 do prime whit
 Southern at 57c. aud some old yellow at same,
 j Saie 2000 hu. Rye at 88tfr90; Barley is Hb©Su
 Oats lf4£46i f.»r Northern.
 j Provisions—Market steady for Poik; 2or 3rt&lt;
 bbls -old at 25 for mess. Beef firm at cl
 6C3 for city; Pickled Meats thin at 64(87) and 3.
 for good lots.
 Lard firm and in fair demand; sales 1.500 ke&lt;*
 at for fair to grmd.
 Butter and Cltersc arc in good rerpiest, and im
 proving. Tallow firm at 8| for pi sine.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FI.Oi,R a.vd MEAL——Duty 20 yc ad val
 FI »ur, V" Lbl 500 to 5 50
 Corn meal, bush 56
 i PROV I.SIONS— Duty; Itecf,Pork Jlarns, Bacon,
 Butter and 2O ye; Cheese 30 rad val
 Pork, (me**) .llsoe 12 50
 Do. in hog 500® 5 25
 j Beef, cwt. 400&amp; 4 50
 Do. bid. (ines*) 700® 8 00
 I■‘“rd (tried) p!b .-7j 8
 Do. (leaf,) Si 10
 Dams, (smoked) 7 8
 StuHilders, Ho. 5®.. 6
 Turkeys yft 7
 Chicken# ..7
 Potatoes, hush 50
 GRAlN'—Duty 20 (f r a-J val
 Wheat, bur K... 125
 C»rn 37 41
 Rye ..00
 Gats 34
 Bai Icy €5
 lIIDEJd—Duty 5 (f c ad val
 8 laughter 31
 taJf ..8
 Shrqj P« Its 75 1® 1 00
 SEEDB—Duty; LirjeeJ I3(f c; Mustard 20 p
 e ad val
 Uuvcr 4 50 St 550
 Timothy 12518 2 00
 flu* J 25
 FISII—Dutv on foreign caught; 20 e ad val
 Whitefiali LI4 7 50
 Codflehcwt 4 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Sab, lbl |3l
 Apples, t» bush 25
 I&gt;o. dried 56 O f 3
 Egg*, V dor 12
 Beau*, ty hub 87 0t 100
 liar. Vi-*n .1000« 12 50
 Hard »ixd 300 4 00
 Wofi wood 2 73
A FARM FOR SALE.
 A Edß*| containing ltd acre*, lilnao- in fTiiti,
 s ,D from the »v ij,*. Utimt Citv of lia-h
 -(hi* rnfU nce of J 4&gt;n D. (i«wiv-»,/*oil Z'ttA,
 P tonn* i*:o.*uU*-, i ll till*- iuii.jut.bie.
 It will le •old togetheror t„ -tri- oureteuei
 If uot ».U ii »ill In rettrJ from the ».t of Apn!
 scat- lof fisttv-r pcit!&lt;nktif ei-Mwe of
 BLN JAM IS
 _ Wc*r North Sve.t, Roehret t.
 Feb. 25, IH&amp;. tt.
 i UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 r r!IE SdsrriUti are itwouGrturm-' this mvahi s h)
 1 CwAiag feKove, tlesignrd for f fit) Bf
 vwriW d to (Mrl any oth-t Move ever inveatid.
 M.I r l mi icth upon philoaopbkal p. .utipir..
 »V l-Hea Watnl by liui air, (Uw ouh hot dir oven
 pale.se,J.) an I to take u aril u
 any hrirk ovea. k&lt;a aale only bv the wlnnfMd,
 i **bolto«h sad retail, Ladtoag* Stieet.
 H. Blrffl k CO.
 PhfT AND bmp, Uedi
 fhc:ukai», |Le Paint., V
 Bbtovra.r, Bnntm.'prff.aM-,.,
 Stock, Fsewh a»l fhnaaa Chretalt, Arn.u*
 olnv*. ftnmhrw aaj Cuvua, Likiu) Oil, CioLl
 letiftoi Foil, hr. itr.
 Beme Aset* tr cf tie celebrated F«#iK
 *m4 valuable Patent Ureiiriare, &gt;mJ reeetvinx the
 jar diroeth fnaa the Mi oaf alarm or «kr»r .htnu,
 thev are remhied to miply *ti ortlera at aholreale
 mad retail, oa the aret uvovahlr term*.
 t IfreMfatkir Rain, Ntditma, aad fnih
 Caaer, aah hB dai«cUa«, Only «gau fur Wnl
 era .Near York.
 Phermoarf*. Vibratory Mafneree MneLuve*.
 with, direct inae.
 i PfenpeM bw; ah', (llvtol Oil nJ Lamp, for
 hurwnf (he .tor. Thoaa *ht wmLl con-alt
 reaay mad mevetiimre are iniatl to mane iVa
 j Lamp*. TV atient mm *4 Ci, matey Mmbto. Bt*
 Fasulw#, md there, wimittj stab
 above r.ia&gt;, h renaraaej at the AfOTltFf-'ARfES
 1 MALI, t, Ei'b tg Jtrm.
otrif xotKitr cm Bnße*r.
 rmtrtsr sciu«—hu ruHit A uo*«is.
 MR. MORRIS was in the enqik-y Mr. Mattss
 Morse foe seven ycwiv, s*»J Swmt that tun*
 pmcsnil for Hh» tlw Silver Msbb, for the best
 Mckrug .4 Book B'uvlrng, nhilited at d» Mt
 rhimtw* Fstr* held in this trty swd Euffsfo.
 tieulksuro's LArurie* flttnd op and required
 Mtwir Paper nisi; Mwir and I’ttiu.icdi b«nd
 and ftntshed t» w-j s»rt.fti- Pbink Account Bw&gt;ks
 evented at th:» ertallinteifnt h*w anerpwlied
 •at,•fortma. tw tfo-sr ilwaLfort and ekgance. Strki
 arte«r« aik.ye pafo w tfo et
 »o r ndcr tfoio nwal to foe last in foe t mtvd bustca
 &lt;*r the-*- importer.
 LjoVs’ Bc»ap ate Kw** 1
 PoitfolnM., m ah their variet***, aMMwLiutsrrd to
 or*lrr in tbe test alylr.
 Back-, I, -r turn Sere-tie*, foe.* *w»y
 wnud of wotk bring ikst vs foe most auvanfogevuu
 hriM.
 (imllcmm residing at a disranee. by •oJ
 f v»»r.!in* vofo-e to the slctc dircclmn*. »tatu&gt;f
 prh-e anrt am* r*K wn*vi forw being wed bound
 on tlw Most tstuifoc a. 1 wo, afou carrtuUy and
 punc!nib\ rrfucor!.
 N-B. Tin- pwificmr ha* framd *n expense M
 m&gt; the r*r.-binfonriw. is| isto
 \Vc*trrn New Uw lao »t ,«q rv'CucuU i»
 Ikuk I'uhiiu^.
 mvr.N Mt'IRRIS,
 City Hnwieiy min the M.mmb.
BOSTOX ADI ERTUvK.HK MS.
C LARKSO N,
 LONDON EDITION—WITU PORTRAIT.
 A FEW copie* id CLARKSON’S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOLITION Ok THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with pretatory mark* on ik vwi-vcqweut
 ala,iitK&gt;ii ot’ SU&gt;ery 1 .-.unif«l L.imfon c Siw,
 with a tine Portrait of the Ai tb**r, »k&gt;ne on steel,— a
 UnA which cr.ull net Is- imputed Wss tiwtn tlueu
 dolktis, ran U- ba&lt;! at 2), Corn!’.ill, if atpiiet) f-&gt;r
 uumetiiateh, at tlw v»-r\ I w juice of O* r i&gt;«'LL »a.
 cash. Abo. EI LOGU M t*N A LARKSON, by
 \l,.um&gt;u Ckcvmkll, at the inkicii pm vt
 twelve aiwl a toil cent*.,
ROBERT MORRIS, Jk., A tun my ami Coun
 sellor at law, bniKt't Bunding, Stale Stiret.
JOSEPH H. TI'RPIN would invite tlw sttentm*
 his lriet»d* and tlx- jn-bhc to ht» DAGt Elt-
 RIA.N GALLERY, A&lt;*. 138, ll&lt;rw*r*r btmt, whetu
 lie pledge# himself to execute Jlmiatmes with a hfo
 like fmi-lt. and on as Moderate terms as as; ctbc:a
 1 tlw profession.
 MACON B. ALLEN, Att'-rnrv and Counsellor
 at I ju Massachusetts Block.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WII.BON, 14, Brattle Street, having
 made recent addition* lohis sti'ck, i* pteparvd t
 tumish BOY S’ CLOTHING, of a* m**l material
 and tit, and at as clicap price*, as uu be obtained in
 tlte city.
NLW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING ST()KE,
 No, 56, I’mos Strllt, Boston.
 JOILN WRIGHT keep* com tout S on hand a
 grent variety of New and Seurnnl Land Clothing,
 Goods of all kinds, n’rdi a* old clothes, W. 1. goods,
 Watclu**, Boots and Shoo, &amp;c., excltangstl h&gt;r ne»*
 elcthing. Cash advanced on all ki.nA ..f g ods,
 from one to one hundred dollars.
 JOHN D, REVALEON,* llair tinting Saloon,
 auJ perlumcry Emporium, 11 1, liiackvious-st.
 YTTILLIAM RICH,.Hair Dressing ami Rathiag
 »V Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New Votrk.
SEW YORK ADVEKTISEHFMS.
 PHILIP A. WHITE, Druggist, corner of Fraak
 lint ami Gold Street.
 ■\T T ILLIA.VI S. POWELL, Sailor’s Home, *l.
 rV lieiiy Street.
 DR. J. M’CCNE SMITH, 93, Wsst UtoaA
 way.
 r P JI.NNTN'tiS, Suigeou-Dsntiat, R 5, North
 1 Broadway.
 lUM. 11. TOPP, Merrbnni 'l'aifor, 646 Broad*
 tv way. Also an extensive assortment ofCravats,
 Stocks, llosity, til vi f*. &amp;,c.
 Alliany, Ftb. 11, 1848.
 GENTEEL HOARDING JIOI SP
 tHARLES HIGHGATE, would n-rpectfully in
 \y fo. in his friends and tlic public, that he continues
 .fj i!evote every attention to those piea-ol to lavi r
 ins home with a call. Flic huuic is pleasautly
 located at 632 Broad wav, Albany.
 f Feb. 18, 1848.
NORTHAMPTON WATER Cl RE.
 T K undersit'.H.-d, grateful!} appreciating the aredit
 t;i;r.erou.'dy aw arced ly a discerning pul.lie u» hi*
 a* a Hydropathic I'racliti. mi, would res-
 inform the friends of llydroputhv, that hi*
 establishment in pleasantly situated near lirnsotivillc,
 mi llie west lank i f the lacking Water, or Mill
 Kiver, about two and a halt mill* frotu the centra
 of tin* town. It i* thirty-six l.y seventy tret; rl.it*
 stories high, with a piazza on the south si V. Tim*
 are sepaiate pallors, ladling and dressing rooms, fir
 ladies and gentlemen. Tlarr are also Intents lodging
 riKiins, tali ol which i* well ventilated and «&gt;&gt;u*
 rcaiiently furnished h r ti*e aeeoiaint.elation n| twi&gt;
 iiei son*. Anioii” the variety of l aths in llie c»r«-
 blishment are, the plump, douche, drencher,* and
 s|&gt;r»y hnllur. I’lie ladies’ nluiigc i* nix hy kt feet
 threi; and a halt deep; tn*r gentlemen’s, eight Li
 twelve, three an-1 a hall deep. I hrrr are also two,
 eohl chairhes, one of which is Initiated a mile, iukl tha
 other half a mile from the establishment. Tlw tdrriKr
 has a tall ol twenty-tw o leef, tlw latter cighhi n.
 I lie scenery' in tin* vicinity is pi-tum-pH; and
 romantic. Tlkic are a variety of pleasant walk*,
 passing near and to springs of jane water. Tha
 walks are stdhcfeidiy reined to allow water-etna
 patients Pi aj pear as tin y should, p'ai.dy dressed,
 eiijojing their rambles, without be ft g r*[«.«ed t»
 (sihlic gaze or oUcrvatn n. Since daily experience,
 for the last three years, lias strengthened his epniiou*
 tliat the* condition of tlie skin rlewrlv indicates tlm
 elaineter of many diseases, a,si tie hil tyor oi i/./i/y
 of an invalid Pr laar tin; water treat:.ant in us
 various f..rin# alio* tlie necessity of applying the
 dry wiav'len hlankrt, or the; wet sheet, to promote
 evaporation or a sweat, whim ecther tuny be neces
 sary and frmn results w hich have attended hi* »t pli
 aation of die treatment, he hesitate* not to say, that
 tlie rlti Inc symptom of tin* skin in.iieate* iih'Uly or
 p urr, and that an invalid, whose skin i» not attended
 with tin* symptom, cams it U* safely or successfully
 treated with water. Among the complaints which
 are here s&gt;jee***sfu!!y treated, are pulmonary aflietiem,
 liver Coiimlaints, jaundice, acute or c hronic inflam
 mation of the bowels, piles, dyspepsia, gaiieral de
 bility, nerTou.4 an 1 spinal a flection*, iutlummator/
 or rh/unie rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica, lam*
 tiiiiLa, iiaruiysi*, levers, salt ilau.i, s..r .fuLtu *aui
 m»iie!ai humors.
 All patients wry. vi.it this establishment for
 course ut treatment, tiiould furnish tUn.ic.vi* with
 three rotniortublm, time woollen Lla« kefs, c i s hum
 in I three cotton sheet*, two pith w eases; six crush
 Is, vane well worn linen, P» ut Ur l&gt;in«uiU«ii.t*
 an old clock or foam!* arc! a tinge,*
 Term* fer lonrim-ot and hoard me
 week fir timse who occupy reins .*i the third flr*&gt;r,
 in llie tii»t and second tfoors, J b U&gt; &gt;er week,
 fuyabk* weekly; washing extra. A patient, wla&gt;|
 from choice or necessity, occupies a J „J
 la- third four. wdl p* 00 per week on the
 fast ais I ter.aid flno,»,*S 30 |er week. Ineahl*
 who are so feeble as Pi need tu,* attention aw. be*
 •a their room, (exeej t fee twa'hmg pur; os. will
 [a-&lt;amre their own uu«rs and fuel, or cay aa exua
 price.
 P. KL'GtiI.KS.
 A 1*47.
 X.B. Tire afflicted, denial* of hrsr- ruwinnl in.
 reg ud P» tlwir rctr.j Umi-, ,i» I of tb#
 -wtapti'W** of lie w *lll-c t«in t&gt;*&lt; ir isitHihtl
 ewne, showkJ rail on Tar*. 'ay unci I" i.
 This rnsereatrm a*ey be obtsaad at tka estx-
 Hiiwi at.
II It.LIAM B. IJM»A th+lri in I
 a»HI Htb&lt;«s. H), KtrcL V«*
 BmKiH.
 W.H. L k«*p* MfldMtlr on hn»i a |&lt;*«J
 »im, a»! »i!l mII r\* 6«
 r*»*l rwMu ciaik U I’*»k** ««1
 llmm.
II'AMHIWTONW n»rwrfri*» f.aitft*, IS#,
THE DELAW ARE ABOLITIONIST.
 i pifCk «f iw *k' ,r U »Wi*W'l w
 il W iluii***"'’. l l&gt; lAkwifi AukkikTMf
 SurMM*. I* N* *4 mua.tUr, ami »!l
 t* j Liiinfi~ J mi*» I,cmi ahr*i, a t«rHy-&lt;u
 r»«m MNtAjrtf. |t«,UI«
 fc» rtn*wip*ii‘i« tu fvL«u», ar *l Mill
 m *r'o*nf)h*i«P«l k* U«f„l t,r*rr.
 *iß h* pdiiiibnl irwHMi itfiiK, tl ns**** *i«
 «rr okn* tkc wir.V•« U «lt*n«L
 JAMES H rjkoOKL
 Pul tailing Ag»*^
"
