"From tbe Liberator
 Mt Wta Euictpailoi-Cdebnuoi
 ttWoimtet.
 Of the celebration ttaelf,aod the day choecn
 for it, something ought to be said n out col
 umns. And first aa to the day on
 the 3d of August— substituted tor
 with great wisdom and propriety.
 Board of managers of the Massachusetts An«-
 Slaverv Society, that was the day appoin
 ted hv President Taylor for national lasting
 and praver on account ot the cholera Such
 a rebuke of thia hollow governmental device
 was as unexpected as it will prove effectual.
 \(ready it ha* been felt throughout the land.
 Bigotry raTes, hypocrisy grow s furious at the
 Joss of us mask, formality threatens and turns
 pale, and political cunning ta deeply incensed
 at being caught in its own craftiness. It is
 thus that the God of the oppressed accom
 plishes hia mighty purposes sitting in the
 heavens,he laughs at the impodent attempt
 of the oppteasor to outwit him, and holds in
 dsnaion tbs ‘solemn assemblies’ of canting hy
 pocrites.
 The issuing of the Presidential proclama
 tion was a wicked act. There ate not ten
 nnbiassed men in the nation, who regard it
 as an evidence of contrition or piety on the part
 of its author or the people. Religiously, it
 was nothing be'ter than a farce, politically, 11
 was deemed to be a good stroke of policy.
 There is nothing in the manners, morals, pre
 tentions, professions, station or career of
 Zachary Taylor to justify its publication. We
 have not room, nor would it bo necessary it
 we had, to dissect his character As the em
 ployer of bloodhourfds to hunt -down, maim
 and capture the poor Seminole Inmans, in or
 der that they might be either exterminated or
 banished from their homes and council tires,
 solely because they gave shelter to the fugi
 tive slave, h’.s memory deserves to he execra
 ted to the latest posterity As the leader in
 two wars waged fur the protection and exten
 sion of the hellish slave system, he is to l**
 classed with ihe basest of men. As the en
 slaver of his fellow beings a man-stealer
 he stands convicted of crime that, even under
 Jewish law, was punishable with death, and
 by American law is treated as piracy when
 commttedon the coast of Africa. In any ol
 these cases, has he ever given any sign of re
 pentance 7 None whatever. He ttiil glories
 in hu shame —his slaves are yet clanking their
 chains'
 Now fora man so polluted,so blood stained,
 and so unrepentant,to issue a proclamation for
 a day of fasting and (prayer, was a Jheaven-dar
 ing act. Yet his proclamation was heeded by
 the American church and clergy with as much
 readiness and servility as did the people
 in the days of old, the royal command, at what
 time they heard the sound of the cornet, flute,
 harp, sackbm, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds
 of music, to fall dow n and w orship the golden
 image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had
 set up. Thank God that,as in the days of old,
 so now, some were found contumacious and
 disobedient, heeding not any thieat or pros
 pect of punishment. The observance of the
 day, by the church and clergy, was another
 impious act, and illustrative of their real char
 acter as a body. Theirs was the fast ol iheii
 audacious Jewish predecessors, who, while
 full of uncleanness and oppression, were bow
 ing their heads as a bulrush, asking of God
 the ordinances of justice, and pretending to
 take delight in approaching to God'
 Next, as to the celebration. To it was at
 tached all the popular odium arising from the
 fact, that it was to be held under the auspices
 of the Massachusetts A. S. Society—a society
 composed of‘fanatics,’ ‘madmen,' ‘incendia
 ries,’ ‘disorganizes, ‘traitors,’ ‘comeouters,’
 •infidels,’ and the like, aecoiding to declara
 tion of men-stealers, and their abettors, phari
 sees, hypocrites, bigots, demagogues, time
 servers, cowards, and wolves in sheep's cloth
 ing It was a bold and uncertain experiment
 to attempt it on a day appointed bv the Exec
 utive for fasting. As it was to be held so far
 from Boston as Worcester, (44 miles,) and
 especially during the prevalence of the chol
 era, the committee of arrangements deemed
 it prudent to pledge only a hundred passen
 gers, as an inducement to the Rail Road Com
 pany to run an extra train from the city a
 number not exceeding the capacity of two cars
 —our main leliance for numbers at the meet
 ing being on Worcester co., yet not less than
 fourteen cars were required to carry the mul
 titudinous throng that gathered at the depot in
 Boston! One glance at the magnificent train,
 speeding onward to‘the heart of the ommon
 wealth,’ and freighted with the best blood ol
 the age, amply sufficed to compensate for
 years of toil and hard service in the cause of
 freedom. Along the whole line it excited
 great surprise, and significantly indicated in
 what manner anti-slavery is ‘dying away.'
 Essex, Plymouth, Norfolk and Middlesex con
 tributed w ith {Suffolk towards the effectiveness
 of this inspiring demonstration. 1 here were
 few who went from mere curiosity; the mass
 of them were ‘good men and true,’ and women
 of genuine anu-shverv stamp, —very many ol
 them conspicuous for their early espousal ot
 the cause, ami their unwearied labors in the
 field of conflict. The entire gathering ai
 Worcester was one of the largest we have ev
 er seen in the Commonwealth, however at
 tractive the occasion —certainly not less than
 four or five thousand being present, and by
 far the greater portion of them being senous,
 earnest, and worldwide in their spirit and
 purposes
 They came from a distance of nearly a hun
 dred miles in almost every direction!—from
 Plymouth rock, fiom the outlet of the Mer
 rimac river, from ‘Concord, and Lexington
 and Bunker Hill,’ from the regions of Mount
 Holyoke and along the meadows of the Con
 necticut, from busy {Springfield absorbing all
 tributary streams downward, from Rhode
 Island, the home and Tefuge of Roger Wil
 liams, a time-honored schis natic and disturbei
 of the peace, and from Long Island Sound
 So many cherished friends, so many active and
 devoted abolitionists, coming from so many
 quarters and at sucii remote distances, we di
 not recollect ever to have seen brought tugelh
 er before. Nobody seemed to be absent, ant
 yet there were other thousands, who wer&lt;
 not able to be on the spot, except in spirit—
 •o multitudinous has become the anti-slavery
 host' Our only regret was, that we could no
 sit down with each one, and have‘an all day’i
 talk,’ and social interchange of thought ant
 feeling.
 As to the grove in which the meeting war
 held, it was not sufficiently level, and wai
 very deficient in shadiness; so that it was no
 comfortable either to stand or sit on the ground
 Numerous seats had been erected for the ac
 commodatiun of the throng, in a substantia
 manner it was detuned, but these all gav«
 away, one by one, under the mighty anti-sla
 veiy pleasure that was upon them—signifying
 how slavery is yet io be crushed beneath the
 same pressure, which ii takes ‘the firm set
 earth’ successfully to resist Fortunately, and
 singularly too, no one received any injury
 though many a limb was in imminent peril.
 For the space of six or seven houis, with only
 an hour's interval, densely and uncomfortably
 crowded together, the multitude
 remained, though hundreds of them were un
 able to hear connectedly the words that f«|
 from the lips of the speakers. For their sak&lt;
 al least, as well as ottiers who were unavuid
 ably absent, wo are glad that a skilful reportei
 was present, by whose aid we are enabled u
 lay before them the sentiments they desired e&lt;
 much to hear, though the exhilarating aighti
 and incidents of the occasion cannot be put oi
 paper. Towards noon, the heat being \er;
 great, and almost every seat broken down, i
 proposition was made to adjourn to the spa
 cious town ball. It was asked, ‘How man
 people will the hall hold 7 ‘Twenty-five hun
 dreo, was the re-j&gt;on6e. ‘Then not inor
 than half of those who are assembled can ge
 inio it,’ was the rejoinder; and so it was vote«
 pretty unanimously to remain in the grote
 even without seats, and great bodily discom
 fort. Liming the proceedings, several song
 and hymns exceedingly appropriate in sen
 timed and language, were sung with grea
 effect, our Hopedale inands taking the lead
and the jvast throng joining m the chotos.
 At flo’doek, the proceedings terminated, and
 i bps cMhed a memorable day observed ir&gt; a
 memorable manner—thus was the fast which
 Cavlor recommended set at nought,
 and the'last in winch G.*J lakes delight, and
 around which cluster his sure and precious
 pro? we*. reverently and faithfully observed.
 Fitmh the Christian C'iUteu.
 IV anniversary of the abolition of Siave
 iv in the British cat Indies, was celebrated!
 in this city, on Friday of last week, by ap-i
 propnate exercises, under the auspices of tbei
 American Anti-Slavery Society, at the Hoe-I
 pita! Grove. The meeting was through the;
 day with only one hour's intermission at noon.,
 and the attendance was very large. Al
 special train from Boston consisting of four-J
 teen long cars brought about 1000 delegates!
 from the eastern part of the Slate, and
 multitudes came in from the adjoining towns.
 Mr Garnson presided, and upon taking the
 chair briefly addressed the multitude upon
 the subject of the interesting eTent thev had
 met to commemorate; after which Rev.
 .Samuel May. one of the Secretanea of the
 Society, read letters from John G. Palfrey,
 and Charles Sumner, Esqr., in replv to the,
 invitations which had been extended to them
 to be present upon the occasion. Mr. Charles
 C. Burleigh then addressed the meeting in a
 •train of eloquent remarks for nearly an hour,
 and wan followed by Rev. Theodore Parker,
 of Boaion, who enchained the attention of
 the audience for some tune by the power of
 his eloquence, the originality of his ideas,;
 the vigor of hin thoughts, and the beauty of
 the language in which they were clothed.;
 Anti Slavery songs were then sung and the
 meeting then adjourned for an hour. In the
 afternoon the exercises were commenced by
 a speech from Rev. Adm Ballou, of Hope-,
 dale, which we were not so fortunate as to
 hear, lie was followed bv Wendell Phillips,
 Esq., ol Boston, Ralph aldo Emerson,
 Concord, James V Buffum, of Lynn, and
 Win. Lloyd Garrison, of Boston. Mr. Phil
 lips was suffering from ill health, but he did
 full justice, notwithstanding, to his high rep
 utation as an orator. Mr. Emerson was too;
 unwell to speak, but upon being called on,
 be said he felt it his duty to make some sort
 of a response to the call. Unaccustomed as
 he is to addressing mass meetings of the pen- 1
 pie extempore, he seemed to find much diffi
 culty in getting Ins great ideas into a proper
 clothing of words. Several times he looked
 up into the sky and far off into the woods and
 fields as if for help in his difficult and unac
 customed task but the ideas only seemed to
 put on more fantastic airs in the scholar's
 brain, and savings remark or two, the audi- j
 ence only caught a glimpse of what he was
 striving to exp ess. However, all knew that,
 the root of the matter was in him, and that
 you had only to Jet him sit down by himself
 in his study and put his hand to paper, and
 Ins thoughts would run as cleat as a fountain,
 and his great loving heart would expand with
 the kindliest sympathies for humanity after
 quite another fashion, and so all were satis
 fied.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST i&gt;4, 1849
Father Jlntthew.
 We have received a letter from our friend,
 Mr. Schermerhorn, regretting the remarks we
 made last week on the course pursued by
 Father Matthew, with respect to the subject
 of American slavery. He says, 1 do not
 myself understand the motives which induce,
 any to endeavor to thw'art the purpose of
 Father Matthew’s visit to our country. In my
 opinion, the attack which has been made upon
 him is entirely without reasonable provoca
 tion and as it is calculated to inflict severe
 injury on the cause of temperance, it should j
 be met whth the firm rebuke of every sincere j
 friend of the cause.”
 We think our friend wholly mistaken as to
 the spirit and object of our remarks, as well
 as to the effect which they were calculated to
 produce. Nothing could be further from our
 intention, than to thwart the purpose of
 Father Matthew ’s visit to this country and
 we have no wish, in any way, to turn him
 aaside from that high mission of good will
 to man” in which he is engaged; but we
 cannot be silent, even with respect to such a
 man, when he lends his influence to the
 cause of the oppressor, and withholds his
 testimony from the cause of the slave, with a
 view to standing ■veil with the slaveholder.—
 The invitation extended to him by our Boston
 friends to attend the celebration of West India
 j emancipation, on the Ist of August, was not
 only reasonable, but respectful. Considering
 f ather Matthew’s reputation at home as an
 anti-slavcty man, it was just what he had a
 nght to expect at their hands. If he could not
 comply with their invitation because of his
 numerous temperance engagements, he could
 easily have said that such was the case, and
 have bade them, in a private way, God-speed
 in the good work of giving freedom to three
 millions of imbruled, outraged and helpless
 people m our land. Such a course would
 have been gratifying to the abolitionists, and
 honorable to Father Matthew. But no, he
 did not even deign to reply to their letter, r.or
 offer a word of consolation or encouragement;
 but virtually summoned the Bible to the sup
 poit of the horrid system of rapine and
 j wrong—daring to assert that he did not know
 that there was any scriptural injunction against
 it, and thus throwing the whole weight of his
 religious and philanthropic character on the
 side of the slaveholder’s argument. What
 could the slaveholder ask or desire more than
 this Grant that the Chnst.an scriptures do
 not condemn slavery, and you have given the
 slaveholder a moral license to perpetuate sla
 very forever. Calhoun himself could not ask
 a larger admission in favor of the institution;
 of slavery, than that so gratuitously made by
 tins great apostle of temperance. It is on J
 this account that we have felt it to be our duty l
 to exj»ose and dem tut e the conduct of Father,
 Matthew. His great popularity as a temper
 ance man, and his high standing as a priest
 and philanthropist, ought not, arid shall not,
 shield him from tin* rebuke which his unwar
 rantable and injurious course nchly merits. If
 an angel from heaven should array himself
 against the cause of freedom, and caat his
 influence with the oppressors and tyrants of
 our land, his fate should be no better than that
 j °f father Matthew. Ob, when will men
 learn that there is a God in the universe, and
 i that He cannot look upon sin with any degree
 j of allowance 7 When will they learn that
 i they cannot serve God And Mammon, nor
 promote the cause of righteousness in one
 particular, by sacrificing it in another 7
 1 atfier Matthew proposes, we understand,
 to share the hospitality of President Taylor,
 j Tins may be, perhaps, an explanation of hu
 unw lilmgness to comnut himself" on the
 subject of slavery—at the same time that it
 elucidates the cause of his inability to ue
 anything in tfu titbit against ilacery .j, p.
fair at lacrdoa
 I hie ann-stavery exhibition of art and skill,
 was conducted with much spirit; and pawed
 off 70 *he gratification, we believe, of every
 one present. The loom in which it was held
 j was very tastefully and abundantly decorated
 with evergreens and the tables were beauti
 fully furnished with useful and fancy articles
 of a rich and choree description, arranged
 with neatness and elegance. The refreshment
 table was abundantly supplied with delicacies
 of various descriptans.
 Macedon is not distinguished foi its anti
 slavery. There are bat few abolitionists m
 that town so that the burden of making the
 necessary preparations for it, and especially
 the furnishing of the refreshment table fell
 upon two or three families. We were par-
 Ucularlv indebted for aid to Mr. and Mrs. Doty
 and family—to Mr. Esick Wilbur and family
 —Asa Smith and family, and William Getch
 ell and family, to all of whom we return our l
 sincere and heartfelt thanks. Several towns
 around were represented at the fan. Our
 friends from West Walworth made them
 selves very efficient, and contributed much
 towards the success which attended this anti
 slavery effort. The receipts of the fair, as
 was expected, were small, being little more
 than fifty dollars. The value, however, of
 the fair is not to be estimated by the money
 realized. Those who labored industriously
 aDd zealously in n» behalf, must seek their
 reward in the happy moral effect produced by
 the occasion. A large assemblage of persons
 was secured to heat the anti-slavery subject
 considered, and to see anti-slavery principles
 practically carried out in a manner that they
 had never seen before; and w*e have good
 reason to think there was much prejudice re
 moved, and much interest excited among
 them They saw, perhaps for the fiist time,
 that white and colored persons could meet
 together in the same room, and treat each
 other with kindness and respect —an important
 end attained in this Christian country
 The evening previous to the fair we
 delivered a lecture to the Macedonians, in the
 Baptist Church, which W3S kindly thrown
 open to us by the trustees, without cost; but
 there was so little anti-slavery in the place,
 that no one volunteered to light up the house,
 and our meeting would have been defeated
 but that our friend Doty succeeded in pur
 chasing a few candles, at a late hour. After
 the house was lighted, the villagers came in,
 giving us a large audience, who listened with
 attention, and manifested considerable interest
 in the important subject which we humbly
 strove to set before them.
 The moral daikness here is great, and
 must be keenly felt by any anti-slavery lec
 turer who may visit the place. We obtained
 three subscribers for the North Star, and have
 the promise of four more in a few days. We
 hope the lecture, together with the fair, has
 prepared the way for other laborers in this
 part of our anti-slavery vineyard, and that the
 seed now sown w ill yet produce a large anti
 slavery harvest.— f. d.
Union of the Oppressed.
 We are glad to find that the scheme pro
 posed through the columns of the North Star,
 for the formation of a National League, is
 attracting attention. We want to have the
 views of our colored brethren on thi* subject.
 The spirit of the following letter is encour
 aging
 Chicago, 111., Aug. 17, 1849.
 Frederick Douglass :—I have read with
 great pleasure in your paper of the 10th inst.,
 your article headed The Union of the Op
 pressed for the sake of Freedom.” The idea
 and general plan, or rather platform, which
 you have thrown out in the article, I am con
 strained to think is an excellent one; and
 taking into consideration the various circum
 stances connected with the condition of our
 fellow-countrymen of the free States, it is, in
 my opinion, well calculated to bring about the
 desired result, namely, Union, which is so
 much needed. The truth is, a union of sen
 timent and concert of action, in our cause, as
 in all others of like national character, is the
 i starting point to any successful national re
 -1 foim and I am encouraged to contemplate
 that reforms, once wisely commenced, never
 go backwards. No people have ever achieved
 anything favorable to their united or general
 1 prospcriy, without harmony, union of senti
 ment, and concert of action.
 Now, as for my own part, I most heartily
 subscribe to your plan of organization, in
 order to bung about an union of our brethren
 of the free States; and I sincerely hope that
 every colored man has the least spark of
 public spirit about him, will give you every
 encouragement to pushpins plan forwaid, and
 to bring it into practical operation as speedily
 as can l&gt;e done. Go on, friend Douglass, in
 your efforts to abolish slavery, and to elevate
 j and improve, the iree colored people of the
 j United States, and Heaven will crown your
 efforts with success.
 Respectfully yours,
 H. O. WAGONER
The Anti-Slavery Bugle says, in refer
 ence to the scheme.
 ‘‘lt has long been a source of grief to Abo
 litionists that the Free Colored People of this
 country are to widely separated from each oth
 er by sectarian and party lines as to impair
 their efficiency in the work of their own eleva
 tion and in breaking the chains of the enslaved.
 Frederick Douglass, the last North Star,
 avows Ins determination to labor to piomote a
 better understanding among his brethren, and
 to secure their harmonious co-operation in such
 measures as are necessary for their intellectual
 and moral improvement.
 Mi. Douglass presents an outline of a Con
 titution for the consideration of his brethren,
 in which he proposes to form a Society to be
 designated "The National League.” We
 highly approtethe plan of organization pro
 posed, and admire the courageous and hopeful
 spintofour fnend. May htseffjrlsbe crown
 ed with complete success.”
Thanks. The Committee on colored
 Schools in thia city, will pleaae accept our
 thanks for a qopy of their Report, in pam
 phlet form.
 The (Join mu tee of the Rochester Athen
 eum will pleaae accept our thanka for a copy
 of tbe published Discourse of Rev. J. H
 M llvatn, upon tbe Power of Voluntary at
 tention,” delivered before the members of the
 Atheneura.
A Sic wine ant Fact—ln 184$, ihe ex
 n&lt; station from the Mauritius and the West
 Indies, amounted to 5/ft*,ooo cwts., which
 wu far more than the expo nation of any
 year during Uie period oi slatenr. —London
 Standard of Frttdem
M r *J“ Tk Pl,&lt;
 DuccTfm.
 I'hfoUMrfeg proclamation baa been iraood i,
 by tbf&gt;resident, in reference to a plot which j,
 m la 4gre« for in armed invasion of Cuba, i,
 clear! with the object of annexing that
 islandb the Umtal States How will the
 preset •iaveholdiog Administration proceed
 in th*t»iter 7 It will douhUeea outwardly
 of tb« movement but our tua
 picioas te f that covertly it will take a dif
 ferent Such was the mode of opera
 non of ilk’a Administration in relation to
 Texas. *hisgame was played so suecesa
 fnlly oo %t occasion, that it would be won
 derful w$ not its projectors tempted to a
 second tri* We shall hear more of thia
 conspuacjnon.
 Washington, August 14,1849.
 Procla%tion it tHi President of the
 U. Statea—There is reason to believe
 that an anad expedition is about to be fitted
 out in the %ited States, to invade the Island
 of Cuba, of the Provinces of Mexico.
 The best mrmation which the Executive
 has been afc to obtain, points to the Island
 of Cuba as object of the expedition. It is
 the duty of |jg Government to observe the
 faith of Treves and to prevent any aggression
 by our citizet upon the leritories of friendly
 nations-
 I have lh(*fore thought it necessaty and
 proper to this Proclamation, to warn
 all citizens shall connect themselves with
 an grossly in violation of our
 treaty obligatoos, that they will thereby sub
 ject ihemselvts io the heavy penalty denoun
 ced against them by our Acts of Congress,
 and w ill forfeit their claim to the protection of
 this country. No such persons must expect;
 the interference of this Government, in any
 font, in their behalf, no matter to what ex
 tremity they maybe reduced in consequence
 of their conduct.
 An enterprise ti invade the teiritorries of a
 friendly nation, sA on foot and prosecuted
 within the limits o’the United States, is in
 the highest degreecriminal, as tending to en
 danger the peace ind compromise the honor
 of the nation; and herefore, I expect all good
 citizens, as they our National reputa-;
 tion, as they iespett their own laws and the
 laws of the nations, as they value the bless- j
 ings of the welfare of their country,
 to discountenance aid prevent, by all lawful
 means, any such enerprize; and I call upon
 every officer of this Government, civil or mil
 itary, to use all the efforts in his power, to
 arrest for trial and pimshment, every such off
 ender against the laws for the performance of
 our sacred obligates to friendly powers.
 Given under iny hind the 11th day of Au
 gust, year of our Lard 1849, and the 74th
 of the Independence of the United States, j
 By the President: Z. Taylor.
 John M. Clayton, Sec’y of State.
 The Republic says:
 Information has been for some time in pos
 session of the Government, to the effect that
 detachments of men were being levied and
 drilled in New Orleans, New York, and other
 cities in the Union; that money to a consider
 able amount has been contributed; that arms
 have been provided, an 4 arrangements made
 on an extensive scale, with a view to some
 military expedition. Tieir movements have
 been conducted with gieat secresy, and the
 object of the enterprise has been concealed
 even from the individuals embarked in it. Suf
 ficient evidence, however, has been obtainid
 to satisfy the President thit the design of the
 expedition is an invasion of Cuba.
The Union Coxvcntlon*.
 The Conventions of the two sections of the
 Democratic party met at Rome on the 15th j
 16th, and 17th inst. Thi Hunkers assem-
 bled in the Presbyterian Church, and the
 Free Soilers in the Baptist Church. The two
 Conventions agreed on the general principle
 that slavery is an evil; hut they could not
 agree as to the powe* of Congress to pro
 hibit its extension over territories of the U.
 States. On this quesion difficulties arose.
 The Free Soilers perthaciously adhering to j
 the doctrine of the ilVilmot Proviso; the
 Hunkers endeavouring to bring their more
 liberal friends down o the idea that the
 subject of slavery should be dropped, and
 every man be allowed to enjoy his own op
 inion. On the third lay, the Conventions
 separated, without hating accomplished their
 object. John Van Burtn said on winding up,
 that the Barnburneis vould henceforth hold
 the Hunkers asmnch their political opponents,
 as the Whigs.
 We are rather rejoiced at this result. Ths
 Free Soil party, thotgh in some measure
 standing in the way &gt;f radical anti-slavery,
 more than compensate for that evil by keep
 ing up the agitatiory and carrying their
 views where extreme (pinions cannot obtain
 a candid and unprejudiced hearing. Their
 anti-slavery, it is true, is of rather a mixed
 character —still it is better than none at all,
 and must help to prepare the way for the free
 course of the whole xuth. Had the two
 parties united on any platform to which the
 Hunkeis couid subscribe, the Free Soilers
 must have sunk down irretrievably into the
 fathomless gulf of Democratic pro-slavery
 and Doughfaceism. They are saved for the
 present ftom that large measure of disgrace.
 Time will show how l«ng they can withstand
 the fiery temptations which will beset them,
 to sacrifice their principle for the sake of par
 ty and preferment. We do not anticipate
 for Free Soilism a very vigorous vitality still,
 iit may live along for a while, and die in the
 j course of time of mere inanity. It is a rather
 j melancholy prospect; but it is the necessary
 and inevitable fate of all such half-measure
 imovercenia. j. d.
Charles Lenox Keaiond. —This able and
 celebrated colored ltcturer held a senes of
 Vntislavery meetings last week, in the Wy
 lie street t.'burch. We were preTented by
 constant engagement from attending, but learn
 that he has made a great impression on hts
 audiences, and done good service in the glori
 ous cause. The f:ee colored people are
 awakened and uniud more firmly than ever
 before, and will display more ardent zeal for
 their brethren in bonds They contemplate
 forming a Douglass Club among the males,
 and a Remond 1 ni«n among the females for
 the purpose of promoting the cause. Funds
 will be collected aud sent in to Fred. Doug
 lass, in aid of his “North Star,” Mr. Re
 j mond, with his eloquent friend Douglass, the
 fugitive slave, are among the best speakers in
 the Union—whether white or colored.—
 They are expected soon to re-vimt this city.—
 Pittsburgh Ehrpatih.
Cure iobCholara. —Four Irishmen (says
 the Cleveland He*ald)were at work on our
 road some SO miles from here, near a small
 village. Ooe was attacked with cholera,
 cramps &amp;c. A dsetor was called, who ad
 ministered mediate and left directions with
 the other three tomb his body aod limbs an
 ti! the surface looked red. They stretched
 him out naked on a rough board, and at it they
 went with clothsm good earnest fora while,
 but got tired, aid finding no symptoms ol
 ritahty coming to the surface, they concluded
 to try something note substantial. One held
 him on the board, while the other two, each
 w ith a brickbat, went at him again, aod later
 ally dunned their companion and saved his
 life* He is sul] safienng from the loss of his
 bide, but is out of danger of Cbolara.
Foreign New* rf Week.
 The steamer Hibenu* arrived at her wharf
 in Cast Boston, on Wednesday, the 15th,
 after a passage from Liverpool of eleven and
 a half days. She brings intelligence from
 Loo don up to the 3d mat.
 England.—Parliament was prorogue! by
 royal commission on tbe Ist lost., to the 9th
 of October The Queen's speech from
 Woolsack contaiDs nothing important. It bj
 as usual made up of assurances that the
 nation is in tranquility and security at home,
 and at peace abroad. Her Majesty s faithful
 Lords and Commons hiring voted the esti
 mates, are dismssed with tbanks, and a re-1
 commendation to carry into the country the)
 seeds of wisdom and good-will, and sow them
 among all ranks and conditions of the peo-j
 pie.” At latest accounts, the Queen, Prioce
 Albert, and suite, were on their way to Ire
 land, and were expected to arrive in Kingston
 Harbor on the 3d inst. Punch says of this
 Queen's visit, that she goes to make her
 morning call on her poor sisther Hibernia.
 The visit is supposed to be a private one; but
 the Dublin authorities, probably thinking they
 may catch a stray baronetcy or two, were in
 tending to improve the occasion, and make it
 as public as possible, and had issued a procla
 mation for a procession and other rejoicings
 and instructing the citizens to illuminate on
 the evening of tbs Queen’s arrival. The
 Dublin trades, however, who have no expec
 tation that the rays of royally will shine upon
 them, are otherwise minded. They say that
 the Queen should “give them back John
 Mitchell.” Ore citizen who had an invitation
 from the Mayor to join in the procession, re
 plied to the messenger—•“ Give my compli
 mertfs to the Lord Mayor, and tell him, that l
 will do no such thing; and that, on tbe night
 of the illumination, 1 will take out my win
 dews, lest they should be broken.” The
 s&gt;irit of this man is of course highly com
 nended by the more vio’ent of the Irish pa
 tnots. If it was meant as a personal insult
 to the Queen, in our humble judgment, this
 manifestation of singularity was scarcely
 worth while; for the Queen, as everybody
 knows, is only a tool in the hands of her aris
 cratic advisers. If, on the other hand, it was
 meant as a reproof of the Queen’s Whig
 counsellors, and an expiession of disapproval
 of their course towards the Irish rebels, we
 imagine again, that with a few exceptions oi
 oppressive restrictions of the press, the steps
 they have taken have been characterized by
 justice and moderation. The chief cause ol
 complaint against the Whigs seems to be, tlial
 while they are energetic in suppressing in
 surrcction, they are miserably pusillanimous
 in cirrying out the proposed remedies for the
 causes of discontent. We cannot join witli
 some writers on this side of the Atlantic ii
 ihe hang-dog cry of Saxon misrule, as pecul
 iarly applicable to the Irish, in any respeci
 that it is not equally or even more applicable
 to the English and Scotch. The Irish suffei
 most, because they are the most ignorant
 priest-ridden and improvident; not because
 they are the victims of a peculiarly oppressive
 misgovernment. We object to the entire ays
 tem of aristocratic and irresponsible legisla
 tion; we object to it, however, not because
 the Irish suffer from it; (for what but suffer
 ing can be expected for those who are from
 their cradles taught to place implicit reliance
 upon priests, or any other human and neces
 sarily self-interested authority but because
 all irresponsible power is, always has been,
 and always will be abused. The idea of the
 ruler being the father of his people, is pretty,
 and it is founded on what seems to be a natural
 tendency of the human mind to hero-worship;
 but it is false. The world’s kings will and
 must govern the world— not, however, by the
 power of the sword, but by the power ol
 mind. At Cork, the popular voice has pre
 vailed against an illumination. Great com
 plaints are made against the hurry in which
 business has been huddled through Parlia
 ment at the close of the session; and the min
 istry are chiefly blamed for it; but it is very
 clear that if 680 persons, all talkers, are seni
 to Parliament, and are all expected by theii
 constituents to make themselves heard or
 every subject that comes up, the talk musl
 occupy the larger portion of the time, while
 the legislation is lost sight of. Some rule tc
 limit the endless garulousness of a few legis
 lative old women, must be adopted in the
 English House of Parliament, before any
 other result can be expected. The constitu
 encies, too, must cease to expect their mem
 bers to be all the time expressing their sen
 timents.” It is better, however, that nothing
 should be done, than that subjects requiring
 attention, and which both Whig and Torj
 ministers are only too willing to pass by ir
 silence, should be allowed to rest. On the
 31st of July, Lord Monteagle presented a pe
 tition from Marylebome, agreed to. at a meet
 ing of 3000 persons, relative to the war ir
 Hungary. On the day following, Mr. C’obder
 presented another from Leeds, on the sam&lt;
 subject. In reply to a quest on from Lore
 Nugent, LorU Palmerston said, that He
 Majesty’s government, in common with every
 body else, bad read Gen. Haynau’s prod a
 mation with the deepest pain; but as tin
 government were not in possession of anj
 information on the subject, it was impossibh
 to say whether it was genuine or not.” Ir
 reply to another question from the same quar
 ter, Lord Palmerston replied, that govern
 □rent would reserve to themselves a diacre
 uonary power to act as they might deem fit.’
 The proclamation referred to was issued bi
 the Austrian General Hay nan, to the inhabi
 tants of Pestb, on the 24th of July, and is i
 most atrocious affair. It would disgrace
 savage. It says, among other barbarities—
 Doomed to death is eveiy person, n
 matter of what rank or aex—doomed to in
 stant death on the spot of the crime, is ever
 one who dares to assist the cause of the rebels
 by words or by deeds, or by revolutiooar
 dress, doomed to mstsnt death is every on&lt;
 who dares to mao it any of my soldiers, or o
 those of our allies doomed to mstaot deati
 is every one who enters into traitorous com
 munication w ith the enemies of the Crown, o
 who maliciously presumes by rumors to asms
 the rebellion, or to conceal weapons. Th&lt;
 disloyal inhabitants of Brescia, who, liki
 yourselves, repeatedly deceived by tbe nog
 leaders of the insurrection, set about treat
 treason, may serve as an instance whethe
 rebels have to expect any indulgence front
 me Reflect upon the chastisement whtel
 visited that city, and bew are lest, by neglect
 ing my warning, you force me to inflict tin
 tame upon you.
 The Cholera is still rather extensively pre
 valent in Ixmdoo For the week ending Au»
 4, the deaths were "93, an increase of ahovi
hundred on the weolt preceding. In luvcr
 pool there were ?33 rases, a decrease of 12
 The public health movement still advances.—
 Mr. Chadwick, one of the moet enthusiastic
 enemies of undeanneae, is said to have rid
 den a* a little pony twenty miles in one day.
 through the London sewers, in pursuit of ob
 structions. We cannot admire his taste,
 though it is impossible to deny him credit for
 considerable energy The Right Rev. fid
 lower of the Gallilean fishermen, I&gt;r. Phil
 potts, of F.xeter, has gained a triumph over
 one of his clergy. Rev. Mr. Gorham was
 presented by the Ixjrd Chancellor with a living
 in the diocese of Exeter. The Bishop re
 fused to confirm the appointment, on account
 of unsoundness in doctrine. Mr. Gorham
 took the case before the Arches Court, and
 tbe judge gave the cause against him, on the
 ground that the church clearly held the doc
 trine of baptismal rrgenero/i&lt;m,whichjthe plain
 tiff did not. Such is Church-of-England ism.
 Strong doubts are expressed in some quarters
 on the subject of Lord Brougham’s sanity
 It seems that in a recent divorce case tned in
 the House of Lords, he exhibited more than
 his usual eccentricity, and gave expression to
 some indecent ribaldry. We have not thought
 him much other than insane for a number of
 fears past. Henry Brougham was a man.
 Lord Brougham has seldom given evidence
 that he is anything but a fool. An import
 ant discovery haa been made in Ireland,which
 promises to be invaluable to that country. A
 Mr. Rhys, a Welshman, has lound that the
 peat or turf of the Irish bogs is capable or
 being converted, by a very simple process,
 into a variety of very valuable materials—
 carbon of ammonia, soda, vinegar, naptha,
 candles, camphine oil, common oil,gas, ashes.
 Lord Ashley gives a statement of the produce
 of 100 tons of peat. He gives it on the au
 thority of the patentee, a Mr. Owen, also a
 j Welshman, whom he knows to be a man ol
 integrity. The 100 tons of peat cost £S
 and the labor of converting it about £8 more
 The result, distributed in different quantities
 amongst the materials above named, amounted
 to the sum of jC9I. lf&gt;s Bd. Mr. Owen had
 I tried the experiment on thousands of tons,
 and was willing to stake his character and In:
 I fortune on the issue of a trial by the govern
 i ment. The soil, after the peat has been re
 moved, is said to be unusually fruitful. The
 discovery, if it be such as it is represented
 must be of incalculable value not only to ire
 land, but to every other uncultivated country
 The Western wildernesses of this country
 I abound in the material of which those valua
 ble articles of merchandise are composed. I
 will be strange, if peat-digging should corn*
 to be more productive than gold-digging; bu
 such will be literally the fact, if the procesi
 of Rhys and Owen is all that it claims to be.
 France. —The prorogation of the Assetn
 bly has been voted from Aug. 15 to Sept. 29
 The vote, however, did not pass without somt
 misgivings. The two dates, it appears, an
 rather ominous, the one being the eve of th«
 festival of Napoleon—the other the festiva
 of St. Michael, the patron saint of Henry V'
 who, as the Legitimists expect, is to crus!
 the revolutionary spirit in France; and many
 from superstitious considerations, voted agains
 the prorogation. Cavaignac, from this oi
 some other reason, was among the number
 The tour of the President along the banks ol
 the Loire, is the chief subject of interest.—
 He was greeted at a review of the troops, at
 Angers, with the cry of “Vive Napoleon,”
 from the troops and the clergy; from the Na
 tional Guards, the magistracy, See., “Vive la
 President;” from the people,”Vive la Repub
 lique;” two or three shouts of “Vive I’Em
 pereur” were heard from a few old soldiers.
 This is significant. Public feeling in France
 is at present quiescent. People seem to be
 waiting for some fresh organic change in the
 form of government. The Gazette de France,
 an organ of the Legitimists, says:
 “It is proposed to make the President Con
 j sul for ten years, and thus provide for the
 Government until the Count of Paris shall
 attain his majority. M. Thiers is the chief of
 this movement, and consequently the chief of
 the Royalists, who aid in this movement with
 out knowing it.”
 It is reported that the ex-king is about to
 J demand of the Fiench Gonernment permis
 sion to make a pilgrimage to Dreux, where
 the bodies of the Duke of Orleans and other
 members of his family are deposited. The
 ex-king, on this pilgrimage, will take the
 title of Count de Ponthieu; will remain only
 two days, and then return to England. His
 object, it is said, is one of pure piety. f
 Italy. —The Pope has issued a proclama
 tion to his beloved subjects,” telling them
 that God hath raised his arm, and hath
 commanded the tempestuous ocean of impiety
 and anarchy to stop, and hath guided the
 j Catholic armies to the support of the Holy
 See and our sovereignty;” informing them
 1 also of his fervent desire for the coming ol
 the day when “weshall return bearing conao
 lation unto you.” He also tells them that in
 I tbe meantime a Commission will shortly be
 named, which, with a ministry, will direci
 the government of the State. A differed
 kind of proclamation has also been addressee
 Vto the Romans by Martini, in which he re
 commends them to endure with constancy anti
 firmness the calamity of foreign intervention
 I I and lemtnds them that it is impossible to im
 prison a who’e nation. An amnesty is talkec
 of, from which, however, the members of the
 triumvirate and others are to be excluded. Ii
 appears, from an ordinance published in a Ro
 man journal, that “numerous assemblages o
 people have been seen to parade the towr
 1 during the night;” and orders that “as sue I
 i assemblages cannot be otherwise than ctimi
 inal, assemblages of more than five dunrif
 the night might be expressly prohibited, iik
 that transgressors be immediately arrestee
 I and punished according to tbe rigor of tb&lt;
 r I* w The citizens, it appears, decline tt
 &gt;j associate in any way with tbe French.
 Huwaiy.—A wist still hangs over ih&lt;
 affairs of this country. Either owing to th&lt;
 r carelessness or ignorance of those who furmst
 intelligence,e th accounts are fearfully con
 ft tnsed and contradictory. It appears now, tha
 Dernbinski, the Hungarian leader, is at th&lt;
 i head of a large force, operating against Pas
 oWl fro™ (be South; while Gorgey .fence*
 inaccessibly by tbe Carpathian mountains, i
 ****dmg the seme line from the North ’j'b
 f V o the le*Urs consider*
 “cure, kJ d lUcJ prospects bnghteomg. Th
 ln, *U»r*»ce of tbo defeat of Ban Jellacbich a
 'Vaaxeo, has been fully confirmed. Report
 I ate in cueulaiion that the Magyars, led b
Bern or Guvon. had been defeated at a place
 railed Till and had lost two batalhorts and
 thirteen gi n*. In the South, ad the nis's
 population have in favor ot the Mag
 v» r s. Nothing definite has as yet trans
 pi red The Hungarians are concentrating
 thru force at Feti wardein. and it is here
 thai ihe campaign will probably chwc Hus
 a s strong fortress. Its garrison has been
 recently relieved and victualled f&lt;*r eight
 months. Bern says, in a letter to Kossuth,
 announcing the victory over the Ban of Croa
 lit Our army requires to conquer only two
 generals more—Julius and Augustus, (I.at n
 for July and August.) If such be the cas?,
 it seems probable that Hungarian independ
 ence is for the present »'-cure. Ii does not
 appear likely that, although the fortunes of
 the Hungarians may not bo altogether pros
 perous, they can be so decidedly the rev«rs*»
 |as to put an end to the war in ihe course of
 j one month. The Tribune rejoices over the
 intelligence of this week, and winds up bv
 saying, that there is now “nothing to prevent
 the greater part of the Hungarian force from
 being thrown upon Haynau. driving him out
 of the country. The A list i aan power is com
 pletely destroyed by Bern in th*- South
 Thank God We heartily join in this ex
 pression of thanks. We fear, however, that
 the wish in this case is, in some measure,
 father to the thought. j r&gt;.
Communications.
Letter to Rev.B. R Hurd.
 Buffalo, N. V. Aug l-qy
 Sir The undersigned, on behalf of them
 selves and their 'associates ol the t omrmttee
 of Arrangements, beg leave to call attention
 to an editorial on the Auburn celebration,
 and an extract from H H. Gamct's speech,
 which appeared in the //ipartial Citizen ot
 the Bth inst. \ou seem disposed to accuse
 the Committee of illiberal because thev
 would not, in addition to the nine arid money
 necessarily expended in making arrangement*
 for the celebration, tax themselves some
 seventy or eighty dollais to plaint the cu
 pidity of yourself and Mr. Garnet. The
 imputations contained in your private letter,
 unjust and ungentlemamy as they were,
 might have been suffered to pass unnoticed,
 but your public repetition of them in the
 Impatlial itizen, calls tor a public explana
 tion which, we trust, you will allow to be
 made through the same impartial medium.
 To have a coirect understanding of the
 subject it is necessary to state a few facts. A
 Committee, was appointed to makearrange
 tnents for celebrating theanmversaiy of West
 India Emancipation, in accordance with the
 resolution passed at Rochester in 1848, ap
 i pointing the next celebration in this city
 By looking at the programme, as set fotlh m
 the large hill*, (and which, with the e.xcep
 tion of H II Garnet s (Iration, was carried out
 .to the letter) you will see that a great deal ot
 labor and expense was necessary in order to
 perfect the arrangements. This, as usual,
 1 fell upon a very few individuals aud we
 presume it is within bounds to say, that every
 man actively employed on the Committee, ex
 pended as much, in time and money, as S.
 R. VV ard or fl. H, Garnet would have
 done, had they attended, made speeches, and
 paid their own expenses.
 )(ou say you doubt whether the Committee
 asked Mr. fleman to come from New Haven
 simply for his traveling expenses. The ex
 pression of this doubt shows that, you do not
 understand the character or motives of either
 party and suppose the Committee to be as
 regardless of truth and their plighted word,
 and Mr. Beman to be actuated by the same
 mercenary motives, as yourself and Mr. Gar
 net. You also ask, When will black men
 learn to pay their own laboiers as liberally a-*
 ihey pay white men f and desire that Buffalo
 folks may improve in this matter. In answer
 to your query, we would say, that had it been
 our desire, it is probable that we could havo
 obtained white speakers as cheap as colored,
 and probably gratuitously. But, on such
 occasions, we want no hireling advocates ot
 freedom of any color ,no matter how great
 their talents. We want those who have
 souls enough to apeak in favor of freedom
 for her own sake, as well as f« r the almighty
 dollar and you need never expect to see
 any improvement in the people of Buffalo,
 that will cause them to prefer the mercenary
 advocates of freedom, however talented, to
 those who act from philanthropic motives,
 however humble.
 I he Committee invited as speakers on that
 occasion, S. R. Ward, H. H. Garnet, A.
 G. Beman, and A. H Francis. Mr. S. R,
 Ward replied, that fie wanted twenty-five
 dollars besides his traveling expenses and
 wastoid in answer, that all the Committee
 could afford, was to pay his traveling
 penses, and make provision for his accommo
 dation while in the City. These conditions
 !he accepted and said he knew nothing that
 would prevent his attendance. Some time
 after he wrote to the Committee again, stating
 that his pecuniary embarrassments were such,
 l that it was necessary for his whole tune to
 be devoted to his business and asking to be
 released from his engagement as a speaker
 adding, that if it were m his power he should
 endeavor to attend as a sj»ectator. Tbe
 om mil tee, on this representation, generously
 released Mr. aid fiom his engagement
 a step, which, if it allowed him at then ex
 pense to form a mote profitable engagement
 elsewhere, ought certainly to nlueld them
 from Ins unjust censure*. H H Garnet
 replied to the Committee, that he would corne
 on the same terms agreed upon with other
 speakers, but soon after, about the same
 lime that Mr. Ward receded from his en
 gagement, Mr. (farnet wrote again to the
 Committee, saying t hat in his first letter
 he had not fully stated his teiou, which would
 be forty dollars. The Committee replied,
 expressing theu regret at hu receding froru
 In* engagement, and stating their inability to
 engage him on any other terms. This letter
 seemed to give offence to Mi. Garnet, snd
 |he answered stating if hie lasted, and
 I rovuience pet tin tied, he should be in Buffalo
 on the first of August, without asking or
 receiving anything f lotn the Committee and
 that when we saw him id Buffalo on
 that day, recomog nothing for his aeivicts,
 we would learn that he did not seek our
 money, but only to carry out a great princi
 ple. We did not see Mr. Garnet in Buffalo
 oo that day but lor all that, we at* wu
 tt rained to believe that he is actuated not
"
