"0(1 'u by one principle, but bv wen namely,
 the fiveloaves and two finite*. lire Com
 m lice wishing to have a lull understanding
 with Mr Harnet, addressed to him another
 letter, inquiring if they were at liberty to use
 In* name as one of the speaker* They
 received an answer, sating that it was not
 j v r him to dictate to the Com miltcc, authoriz
 ing them to make what m they pleased of
 hi* nime, and repeating the assurance that
 it hie lasted, and Providence permitted. h«
 would be heieonthat di\. So dosed 1 lie
 correspondence with the Her. Henry High
 land Carnet. From the published exit act of
 Im speech delivered on that day. it appears
 ihrst life lasted, and in what manner Provi
 dence prevented lus attendance we are un
 able to tell we have heard it intimated, how
 ever, that it was a special proud* n&lt;v in the
 shape of twentv-five dollai* that prevented him
 from coming to ifutTulo, and carried In in to
 Auburn. Perhaps you can inform us ac
 curately about tli,a, and at the same time do
 the public some service for it fie is in the
 market, as it appears, it is well that the peo
 ple should know his price
 Mr. Homan on being asked, with a spirit
 ot philanthropy which more noisy and avari
 cious advocates of liberty would do well to
 imitate, replied, that it was not his desire
 to make a speculation out of such an occasion;
 but from the great distance w hich he would
 have to nave),the tax would be too great
 fur huri to prepare a speech lor the occasion,
 and pay his own expenses; but it the Com
 mittee would be responsible for the neces
 sary traveling expenses, it would afford him
 great pleasure 10 serve them I pon these
 equitable terms he came, and nude one of
 the most powerful and eloquent speeches in
 behalf of universal freedom that ever lell
 from the lips of any human being a speech
 which did honor alike lo the head and heart,
 from which it emanated, and which will ever j
 be remembered by those who had the pleasure
 of listening to it. We expect that it will be
 published shortly, in connection with the able
 and eloquent Oration of A II Francis on
 the same occasion when you, and the public
 will have an opportunity of contrasting the j
 noble and exalted sentiments, the pure and
 loftv principles, and enlarged philanthropy
 which they inculcate, with the bitter and
 Vindictive spirit manifested in the speech of
 Mr. (iarnet. We are glad that Providencu
 prevented him from coming here, and
 spared us the humiliation of listening to such
 a base and cowardly attack, made in the
 name of liberty and religion upon two uf the
 most able and devoted advocates of free
 dom.
 W e cannot conceive how a man occupying
 the high position of Mr. flaruet, as a reform
 er, philanthropist, and minister ot the gospel,
 could so far forget himself as to lake advan- j
 tage of such an occasion lo make a wanton
 attack upon an absent opponent. one, to",
 who, with the magnanimity which should
 ever characterize honorable and right minded
 men, had freely offered the columns uf Jus
 paper to discuss ail points of difference be
 tween himself and Mr. (larnet, wheic the
 statements and arguments on both sides;
 could be read and calmly judged by the same i
 parties which, ol course, was all that any 1
 honorable opponent could ask. To add to
 the turpitude of the affair, lie wilfully mil-
 represents the position of Mr. Douglass, and
 charges him with sentiments which he never
 uttered, and which the whole community J
 know him to hold in abhorrence. He brands
 Mr Douglass as an infidel, because he de- j
 nounces the American t hurches as corrupt,
 pro-s?avery, and therefore anti-christian yet
 in a resolu. Mon presented by himself on the
 same day, as c»V.'^ rnian a oinmittee, he
 denounced them for «.V ,e same cause, and in
 language which might hav*' een 4 ,lom
 Douglass. His assertion that ou g' ass
 h not a believer in the iiible, every ne lo
 has read the writings of Mr. D. knows t,*'
 false, it is because of his belief in the high
 and holy truths contained in its sacred pages,
 that lie denounces those organizations that
 prostitute its glorious doctrines to the support;
 ot such an abomination as slavery, that receive
 women whippets and baby stealers to their
 communion, and fill their pulpits with dealeis
 in the bodies and souls of men.
 We respect religion, and religious institu
 tions and, as far as their conduct will allow,
 all religious teachers hut we know of noth
 ing so well calculated to disgrace religion,
 and promote infidelity, as to see distinguished
 ministers of the gospel, under the pretence of
 vindicating religion, and sustaining liberty,
 resorting to such a tissue of gross misrepresen- j
 tation, and t low as is contained j
 in the short extiact from Mr. Harriet's Ora-j
 tion And we feel to regret this the more 1
 deeply, flora the high estimation in which
 we have heretofore hold Mr.- Harriet, and
 the general approbation ot Jus measures of t
 moral and political reform and we sincerely t
 hope,that both he and Mr Douglass may
 be led to see the folly of expending ibeir
 strength upon thus,- who ditler from them j
 *jhl\ in regard to the means neceessary to
 a comphsh the same ends, and disregarding j
 those minor differences oi opinion which all
 men may honestly entertain, direct their 1
 blows, each in the maunci In- may deem most j
 effective, against the common enemy. And
 i! Mr. Harnet has not sufficient Hluisiuu
 spirit, or manly honesty, to retract hi* unjust
 and malicious slanders, we hope ihat mure
 »oidel motives may teach him to relinquish
 acnnsj, which if persisted in, miht im ait j
 tu* usefulness by convincing the people of
 hi* dishorn st V. 1
 fours for tiuth and equity.
 J. VV. WinTKHfc.i.n,
 Heo. Weik Jr.
 H. F. Yoi'su.
 c
 Ht tFAi.u, Aug. 7, 1849. j
 Ihe Committee ot Arrangements for the e
 f irst of Augu-:» flebration, lake tins medium a
 ot acknowledging 1 1.,- receq tof sundry let- jt,
 Itxs from different g, nikuic, among whom ip
 tt.ey would mention the names 0 f lho F
 Hon Millar i Fillmore Kt lVstdeul of jla
 I niled Stat*
 John T ftlillo Hu ton Nh„ u
 John h Williams, Haiiisburgh. |V IID
 John A Templeton, g
 John i&lt; Diigged, f-hainbeiftburgh, j,
 J W. Duftiu, Heneva, N y
 Kev M. M darke, Pittsburgh. I'enn
 Peter idlackson,
 Herat ‘‘Suniti. F.-u JVierboru N
 Ml
 iimiige Shrove, Fisq Trenton, N J
 K«v .Samuel H Ward, Syracuse, N. V ,'j c
 fUr.ry Bibb. Detroit. Mich,
K**t. Honrv High laud Garnet, Peterboto,
 N. V.,
 Charles 1/pnox Retnond, Salem, Mass.,
 William B. Raiterjr. Oswego, N. Y
 Ralph Francis, Rochester,
 Mrs. Anna K. illiams, Harrisburg, Pa.,
 and several others GEORGE W'fclß,
 Sec'r, in behalf of the Com. of Arr.
 Host os, July 15, 1K49.
 Hie fouith oi July passed over with (if
 possible) more than ila accustomed animation
 1 and patriotism. Among the incidents deserv
 mg a North Star notice were first the anti
 sla\erv celebration at Abingtoo under auspices
 of the Massachusetts Society. The Pic-Nic
 was held in Island Grove, a well adptaed
 spot. Ihe number in attendance was more
 j numerous than on any previous similar occa
 sion. Appropriate speeches and singing was
 the older of the dav and when the names ol
 William Llovd Garrison, Wendell Phillips,
 Kdinund Quincy, Caleb Stetson and William
 W. Brown, a constellation of freedom's
 Orators—are mentioned, as participating, the
 adjectives eloquent and impressive are su
 perfluous.
 Henry Hot Brow n narrated his hazardous
 escape from slavery in a box as merchandise
 marked “This side up.” The appeal seemed
 to reach every heart, even those who had not
 before been moved by a recital of suffering
 and perils peculiar to American Slavery
 William Crafts, whose romantic exodus frorr
 the Southern prison house (with his wife
 Ellen in man's attire) mingled in the crowd,
 holding groups in close attention while he
 detailed the evils of the Patriarchal Institu
 lion. He engaged in controversy with ont
 pro slavery specimen of humanity (charac
 teristic of himself as a volunteer in the
 Mexican \V ar) who rashly ventured todefenc
 Slavery, reiterating the threadbare assertiot
 that slaves were better off as such than wher
 fieemen. It was cheering to notice the fact
 that not one person present manifested th&lt;
 least affinity with his sentiments, while or
 the contrary they lavished expressions o
 sympathy and approbation on the slave argu
 mg for freedom. Mr. Crafis is now endeavor
 ing to do what slaveholders affirm theii
 property unqualified for—that is “taking can
 of himself having recently opened a furni
 ture establishment; and as he is reputed to
 be au fait with his tools, it may be fairly in
 ferred that Ins handicraft will yield him a
 good support I remember having heatd
 Joseph C. Hathaway, at a western New York
 Anti-Slavery meeting make an eloquent and
 happy allusion to the fact that slaves at the
 South not only took care of themselves, but
 of their masters also, w ho, but foi their labor
 and skill, would evidently become paupers,
 adding that he once had his heart made glad
 by beholding a fugitive just redeemed from
 ehattelism to manhood, in the spirit of inde
 pendence, making his own bargains, uncon
 trolled liy the presence of an overseer,
 unawed by whips arid chains.
 Mr. Garrison referred to the change of
 public opinion relative to colorphobia, citing
 m illustration, that a few years since a dis
 tinguished i lay lien gentleman, whose reputa
 tion and learning were those of a merchant
 and scholar, could not succeed in obtaining
 accommodation in either a public or private
 hoarding house in Boston but that within
 the past few days a Hay lien of equal stand
 ing w ith the former and whose complexion
 was not of an Anglo Saxon stamp, was admit
 ted to first class fare at one of our most popu
 lar city Hotels.
 Second. This year for the first time the child
 ren of the Smith united with the
 white pupils of the vaiious public school*, in
 the procession and festival in honor of the
 day. They would have been colonized or ex
 cluded had not Rev. J. T. Sargent, whose
 heart heats right for humanity, demanded
 through the public press, the why and where
 fun; and thus a good word spoken at the
 right time secured a triumph of justice to a
 'h injured portion of God’s heritage. The
 mlored c ilizens aie a B ain a g ltatin g for equality
 A school pn vlle o e3 a &lt;»d victory is destined
 *re long to rewai their persevering efforts
 —their motto is i' c know our lights and
 lt
 knowing dare maintain then.
 Among the various sects in tin.* Cl^ l^e
 Wesleyans present perhaps the boldest f roTil
 to pro-slavery. It is rare indeed to find an
 American religious organization ready to ex
 eud the hand of impartial recognition to a
 mlored brother or sister but the pastor and
 Tiembers of tins branch, preach, pray and
 mortise antiidavery. Their Treasurer is a
 mlored man and is in all respects regarded as
 i brother beloved.
 Ihe presentation anil farewell meeting to
 dr. Garrison, and of William W. Brown,
 was a most auspicious occasion, of which 1
 vould forward a special outline,but presume
 he Liberator report will occupy a place in
 he North Star columns.
 W ilham W. Brown sailed on the 18th in
 lia noble steamer Canada, in company with
 ’resident Mahan of Oberlin Institution, and
 ther delegates to the Peace Convention in
 ’aris Of course no manifestation of Color
 hobia is looked for, but should the evil
 emus show its forked tongue, Captain
 udkins will again prove himself a man with
 soul, us he did when commander of the
 ambiia, and Frederick. Douglass’s presence
 abed up the wrath of American Republican
 laveholders. Th.a prejudice against color is
 great torment to these who cherish it. A
 ’arisian corrrespondeut gives the following
 ecetu teslimocty, that Americans are sadly
 candalizedto fit id uegroesm National Assem
 ly, at Balls and. private parties, while their
 lortraits look down on the visitors from the
 vails of the pali.ee of ersadlea/or from those
 t the i uilleries. Poor fellows !—there is no
 elp lor them! the day will certainly dawn
 ven in the l nited when the color of
 man a sk jn wili be no barrier to his ingress
 stations ot honor and emolument. But a
 •w years since, that gifted philanthropist
 rudence 1 nodal! was mobbed by the popu
 ice and in dieted by the legal authority of
 onoectici it for the heinous crime of teacli
 g colored girls in her own school on the
 ime terms as while ones, and now in a sister
 late, emit ml —colored young men share the
 mors at College and seimunes wuh white
 How student and astonishing to tell, no one
 injured, and the sun moon and stars per
 rui their rev* aluitooa an&gt; regularly as jf no
 cli innovation upon a people’s prejudices had
 er been made A colored young man be
 nging to Rutland, Vermont, graduated re
 fitly at the Midi Hewn College A clan mate
•peak* of him as being one of the best speakers
 and w titers of any graduating clast in New
 England. As a tribute «&gt;f kind feeling and
 respect, he was assigned the salutatory ad
 dress. He appeared the second time in an
 English oration, which for force of thought,
 terseness of expression, and high tone of
 I moral »entiment. as well as fur the propittty
 1 and grace of us delivery, has rarely been ex
 celled. Shade* of Calhoun and Clay what
 is the world coming to’
 The civil diaeensioos on the ill fated island
 of Hayti hare scattered many of ns inhabi
 tants to seek refuge in othet climes. A Bos
 tonian recently visited Philadelphia, and
 became acquainted w ith one of whom be
 I thus narrates through the Atlas. “He has
 been here about two months and speaks the
 English language very correctly, though a
 little broken. He told me that he is a Hay-
 Ucn refugee. He was concerned m the late
 revolution in Hayti, and the tide cf war
 having gone against him and his party, he
 fled to the .States. He is a very intelligent
 man, and speaks and writes the French arid
 Spanish languages with great facility. He
 was an officer hi the Haytien Customs, and
 is evidently a person of education and re
 finement. In our free and happy republic he
 sinks to thejlevel of a bootblack and lacquey.
 He appeared contented, and consoles himself
 with the reflection that Louis Philippe was
 once an outcast, and wandered like himself.
 The former, said he, ‘taught w-pnraie aehool
 in this city for a livelihood, and I am waiter
 at the hotel for a like purpose.’
 Fathei Matthew has performed wonder*
 herein securing thousands to the Temperance
 pledge; for which good work, he lias the
 thanks of all Christendom. At home he was
 conspicious in his efforts not only to break the
 the chain of king Alcohol, but also labored
 to undo the heavier burdens of the slate ot
 American avarice and w ickedness, the victims
 of Southern whips and fetters and with
 Daniel O’Connell signed the memorable Irish
 Petition (containing sixty thousand names)
 —to their brethren in the United States, urg
 ing them to co-operation with the cause of anti
 slavery and to manifest his interest for the
 colored man, tendered a reception to Fiederirl
 Douglass. It is to be hoped that some ot he
 influence so potent in behalf of temperance
 may be put forth while in this country, to re
 deem the American slave. W. C. N.
 P. S. In my last—your types made mesa)
 elegant instead of eloquent speech of Robert
 Douglass, Jr.— w. i. n.
From the Liberator.
 Meeting of Colored Citizens.
 Agreeably to a call, a meeting was held on
 Monday evening, July “J3d, 1849, for the pur
 pose of obtaining the opinions of the colored
 people relative to the ‘Continuance of the
 Smith School as a separate School for the in
 struction of Colored Youth.* A largo num
 ber were present, and great interest was man
 ifested. The meeting was organized in the
 choice of J. W. Butler for the President, G.
 Washington, Vice President, and E. B. Law
 ton and Isaac If. Snowden as Secretaries.
 A Committee of three was appointed to pre
 pare business for the meeting—John T. Jlil
 ton, B. F. Roberts, and Lemuel Burr. They
 presented the following Resolutions:
 Resolved, That common rights are the un
 disputed claims of every inhabitant of this
 Commonwealth.
 Resolved, That when a portion of the
 people, in consequence of a long established
 custom, are deprived of the enjoyment of their
 rights, it is their duty to use every ellort to
 obtain an unqualified and an uncompromising
 possession of them.
 Resolved, That as common school instruc
 tion is refused to all persons who differ in com
 plexion from the whites, in the cily of
 we regard the sufferance of such a distinction
 as a disgrace to civilization.
 Resolved, That all ‘exclusive schools’ are
 injurious to the welfare of the community, and
 therefore should be discountenanced.
 Resolved, That the school known as the
 ‘Smith School,’ located in Belknap street, in
 this citv, being a caste, an exclusive school,
 we regard it as a gteat public nuisance, which,
 Bhould he immediately annihilated.
 Resolved, That we will not regard with
 confidence, any contrivance to quiet our efforts'
 in relation to its abolition.
 Resolved, That it is our hope, that no indi-,
 vidual who is identified with us in complex- j
 ion, will suffer himself to be used as a tool, to
 prolong the existence of that school.
 The above Resolutions were unanimously
 passed. The Committee then presented the
 following ‘Appeal to the Mayor and Alder
 men,’ which was also unanimously passed
 Appeal of the Colored People of the City
 of Boston, to the Honorable, the May
 or and LDERMEN 0F SA,D City.
 Gentleman v P orlion of the people of your
 uenueirum. elicit your influence
 ettv take this methou
 in regard to a subject ui crea
 that of Public School Instruction.
 It is no less than true, that in the g7 ca enr!
 porium of New England, the head-quarte. 0
 teaming and civilization, the city ot the Pil
 grims, a portion of your constituents are re
 fused common school privileges, solely on ac
 count of complexion. It is rather annoying to
 our feelings, when we perceive not only aii.
 other citizens in the enjoyment of the right ol
 common schools, but foreigners ot all kinds j
 too, who are white, are not rejected. 1 his is i
 to us a serious grievance, as many among us
 can refer to the services of our ancestors, w ho i
 felt in the times which‘tried men's souls,' thai J
 their lives, their fortunes, aud their sacied hon
 ors were nought in compariMin to the enjoy-j
 ment of certain ‘inalienable rights.’
 It is with feelings of amazement that we
 witness Englishmen, Frenchmen, Irishmen,
 Germans, Scotchmen, and others in our com
 munity, w ho enjoy all the local privileges, and
 are not ignorant of the fact that we are shut
 out from the institutions/onearning in the lands
 of our nativity. These Foreigners, in their
 native country, see nothing of this kind of in
 justice; but on the contrary, they know a col
 ored man enjoys the same rights as another.
 We ask your honorable body to aid ns in
 the possession of our rights. We have ever
 been in favor of a due observance of the gov j
 ernment of our city. We have ever been rea
 dy to support the institutions of our city.j
 We are not in the back-ground in relation to,
 reform in the community. We have endeav-!
 ored to gain for ourselves the appellation of
 good citizens.
 There has been established in this city, par-j
 tiallv by private donation, an ‘exclusive school' j
 for the education of colored youth. That)
 school is located in Belknap street. On ae-
 count of its existence, whenever application is
 made to the district schools lor the admission
 of our children, we are referred to that school.'
 This is a great inconvenience to many ou ac
 count of the scattered state ot our residences, i
 This inconvenience is small, when compared to
 the injury that separate schools create in the
 community. Their existence strengthens aj
 feeling of prejudice between white and colored
 children, while their abolition will foster a re
 gard for each other. hir city is the only;
 place in this Commonwealth where ‘exclusive
 schools’ are in existence. And we do not
 learn that any bad lesults have grown out ofj
 the consequences.
 As citizens, we ask our rights in the prem
 ises. It is our desire that Ibis ‘exclusive
 school’ be abolished, and free access to schools
 for the education of the young, be the privi
 lege ol all. The unanimous feeling ot the col
ored people in opposition to the is the
 consequent cause of the very small rdance
 at that school; ii* abolition, therefas the
 expenditure for its support. r« a usefcippio
 p nation. will be a great mating ttfe cittr.|
 Nothing ‘‘(’oil *’t the lull our
 rights as citizens is it our duty to benefited
 with.
 In behalf iif ihe cuiorari ritiz* ns ofe-ton,
 John T. fftLTOV,
 B F. fioßKars, j f‘.i#ttee.
 Ltv. Ft Bi er, J j
 Ihe above appeal ww adopt bv the
 meeting, and the whole proceeds were
 marked with a degree of unanuf seldom
 witnessed in public meeting*.
 V oted, That this appeal be senate May
 ur aiid Aldeimen, asking tlieir ijnce in fa-!
 tror of our rights to common sc ii of struct ion. I
 oted. That the proceedings tmblished
 J W BFTLER. Pre«i*.
 &lt;»KO. WASHINfiTO.T. Pres.
 E. B. Lawtos. t
 Isaa. H.*N„wr„s, i Sm ie
 Sloan’s Hohm Ointmln r Condition
 Powder .-Hare become populaft mg Phys
 cian« and of Science forfe cure of
 certain diseases which afflict fetes. Cattle,
 and Brutes generally,and suehf the intrinsic
 merits of surh medicines, that once used
 they establish for themselves aaracter fully
 e*iual to then recommendation
 See Agent's names at the gd of Sl-jau's
 column. Tor further parlicu§ and Ustimo
 nials, get Pamphlets of agent
Police.
 The Fall Canip^u.
 1 gJEDt'RIi K vviljviaf mid lecture
 at the following places I
 Tuesday, 4th Sppn&gt; 41 be'» in Wes Wal
 -1 worth.
 Wednesday, bill, at lirioii.
 rhursday and F’rid;i f*:h and Til, at
 Palmyra.
 I hursday, Friday aupaturday, 13tli, 14th
 and 15th, a 1 Oswego. i
 f
 •Sunday and MouJi 16th and l?th at
 Fulton Village.
 Additions will he wle to this list of ap
 pointments in our nexleek’s paper.
 Our friends in localuies, will
 see that suitable airgements are made for
 these meetings.
 An appeal in Inf If'of the Western
 New VorK Ay-Slavery Fair.
 Earnestly desmngje abolition of Slavery
 in this land, and beirnleepiy convinced that
 I this result can only hfccompiished by renew
 i ed efforts to change present corrupt moral
 j sentiment, the unsigned members and
 friends ot the ork Anti-slavery
 Society, again, nrfe their appeal to the
 friends ot tlie S!avr*i behalf of their annual
 Bazaar, which will a held in Rochester in
 Decembbr next.
 luie we huvelin cheered and gladdened
 by the progress a 1 fdy made, and the good
 already done, and tile we rejoice to observe
 that It tends have l«i raised up to plead the
 cause of the hondm among persons, and in
 ipiatlers where wand least expected them,
 we stiil see “the host to be great and the
 i laborers to he lew and instead of relaxing
 j our dibits we are ipressed with a sense of
 the duty of &lt;!owh'i&gt; our diligence, anu ap
 plying more close our energy to the means
 of advancing this iv cause. We appeal the
 more boldly to outriends because those for
 whom we plead onot plead for themselves.
 While we are grounded bv our domestic
 circle, with none I molest or make us afraid,
 there arc three miiois of men and women in
 our own land, douml to abject slavery and
 chains, robbed of vary right—civil—social
 personal—and Remembering those
 in bonds as bountiith them', we desire to
 plead their cause rf tough they were on our
 own limbs and the lotted lash were applied
 to our own backs.
 bile to obtain jans lor enlightening the
 publicmind, is thdrong motive lor holding
 our annual Fair, ifc not the only one. A
 great amount of gd may be traced directly
 to such occasions. Many who are now ac
 tive workers in beH of this holy movement
 became first interefd in it through the in
 strumentality ot tlfe annual exhibitions of
 anti-slavery industr tact and skill.
 1 he present obje. ot the Rochester anti
 slavery Bazaar is t the general enlighten
 ment of the public ltd on the subject of sla
 very. Recognizing(e North Star,(published
 in this city) as an client Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, we topose that the funds'
 raised by the .Sale articles at the Bazaar
 (on behalf of whichfe here appeal) shall he
 mainly appropriated!) the suppport of that i
 important paper.
 e gratefully aclouledge the prompt as
 sistance rendered ;j our last Fair by our
 friends and various parts of our
 own State, Wiseonsi, and Michigan, and we
 earnestly solicit thei, continued co-operation
 with us in the good fork. That no time may
 be lost, we especial! recommend to them the
 immediate formationjf sewing circles in their
 various towns with rview to making articles
 for the Rochester Itniar. We would also
 in this connection our heartfelt thanks
 to our British friendfor the valuable aid ex
 tended by them to ar last year's Fair.; and
 we would again wartjy solicit their generous
 assistance. It is da to our trans-Atlantic
 friends to say that fomueh of the interest fell
 in our last Bazaar w were indebted to them,
 and we are persuufd ihat their continued
 eo-oj'cration will tss*tially promote the suc
 cess of dur approach ip llecernber Bazaar,and
 the advancement of lie cause of the slave in
 our land.
 We hope that t(» foregoing appeal will
 commend nself to ouiphilanthropic ft tends on
 both sides of the Atlantic, and that they will
 cordially unite wilting in the edoft here pro
 posed.
 Itr-I uot inrloriuAs rent
 t ib-nutit,
 mrinrs 1 -—’ii- U-he-.lt
 Fiil up liltVillle Spaa
 With deed* —u is die lert
 Te t of i|*&lt; tic'll l&gt;,rn soul,
 ■And loltsXiui
 'i Ik* i in tiuof) scroll
 Ot every ti*ored uaine—
 None bui the Br*. -hall win die goal?
 Signed on behalf of tb Fair Coromitee,
 AMY POST.
 Appeal of the Association
 The “Women's Asociation of Philadel
 phia’’ appeal to a bcnfolent public, and to
 the friends ot the &gt;!4e every where, to aid
 them in tin ir approving Fair, the ob
 ject of which is to su-Uu the “North .Star
 To those who are faimhr with the pages of
 this pap r it is unneefary to speak of U*
 merit. To those who ave not seen it we
 tnavsav. tint vve regartit 3s one of the very
 best anti-slavery i ns t rut* utilities now in the
 field.
 We ate the riior intreaied in it, because
 the editor to one oJ i i.ppif used race, and
 admirably i,ual,.it.l ay as talents and moral
 worth, to perform witbrredu the arduous
 task of editing a paper dvou-d to our eleva
 tion. We believe and tnst that our friends
 will give us their liberal* td.
 l*o tnir own people w4uok earnestly and
 hopefully. Sabers. BroiFr*. shall we look
 m vain’ The iron ha* coifed mu* your souls.
 Ve go heavily, bowed doifi u&gt; the very dust,
 dispirited, cru.sl.ed by the weight of oppres
 sion. Ye hear the ladts of the enemy,
 “They are so ignorant am unrefined' They
 are jealous of one other! Yes, they unite
 but it w only P ul douarme who is more
 intellectual than the F'ove by the
 unerring languige of oonfiet Ural these as
 sertion SO oft u throw ua nur faces are ma
 licious slanders. Sustain F. DougUu»% be
 cause hi* talent* and ctdect principle de
 mand your respect and Onfidence .&gt;o?tau»
 butt because it »a right to Jo so, aq4 because
of :he sweet peace the performance of so vroi
 thy an action will assuredly bring it into yoor
 boemres.
 1 he Fair will be beid on I'bnsimu week
 Donations tor it mar be sent io
 Harriet smith, aiy Lombard sueet,
 RA&lt; HEL LI/)\ I), 303 Ptne-siirel,
 AMY M. CASSEY, 113 I*omhard-street.
 Or to any member of the Association.
 ELIZABETH AfPF, LtOU A** BISTILL,
 Mary Basrott. Hetty Brat.
 Los Isa Bristol, Hclen Johnson,
 Hester Bi still, Eliza Jones,^
 Charlotte Mills. W
 SARAH M. UOTGLASS, Cor. Sec y
 No ol Mullberry st
 Philadelphia, 6ih mo., 25, I^l9.
 Receipts
 /V tht North Star, frwm rAe djt- of Um
 ledgmmt te August 22, 1849.
 William J. Bow ditch, Boston 5.00
 J. Baxter, Jr. 2.00
 W. D Norris, WelbvilJe, Ohio 2,00
 George Weir, Jr. Buffalo, N Y 2.00
 Ur Beers 1.00
 .Mr*. Sawiforil 1.00
 .Mary ClapprilV, Man. 1.00
 John Jmdcs Carey, Tornnto, C W 1,00
 11. Minton, Philadelphia 1,00
 Susan Bean 2,00
 Aaron Settles! Jeffersonville, lod. 2,00
 Tabor Colvin, Honeoye Falls, N Y 1.00
 John N. M’Kenzie, Osweffl, NY 1.00
 Alexander Smith, Chicago, 111. 2,00
 Wm, H. Butler, Springfield, 111. 2.00
 George Be Baptist, Detroit, Micb. 2,00
 Wm. I.ambert, 2,00
 Alfred Butler, Buffalo, N Y 2,00
 James M. Whitfield, do 1.00
 D. R. W hippie, Cleveland, Ohio 2.00
 Pittsburg Subscribers—
 Gibson Jones 2,00
 John 11. Butler 2,00
 Mrs. Elias Edmunds 1,0.1
 Mrs. Julia Brake! 1.00
 Rev. George Scott 1.00
 Wm. Dixon 1,00
 Nelson Moss 1,00
 George Perry 1,00
 Lyman Lyon# 1 &gt;OO
 Mr#. Elizabeth Ogieton 1.00
 George Gardner ROO
 Mrs. Frances Turner 1.00
 Henry Wiggins I &gt;OO
 Geo. F. Goens 1,00
 Mrs. Loretto Smith 1.00
 Mrs. Pha-be Blakely 1,00
 Eli/.«b&gt;th Smith 1.00
 Sarah Aun Harris !&gt;OO
 James A sherry I&gt;oo
 James Barbridge 1,0
 Kanina H. Cole 1,00
 Mr. Nancy Scott, A.leghany City 1,00
 Thomas Higgins 2,00
 i Mrs. Mary Freeman, Sandyhook, Coni. 1,00
 Harrisburg Subscribers
 Edward Gant/. 1,00
 Henry Bradley 2,00
 Mrs. Jane Stewart 2,00
 Manut-I Hall 1,00
 Elizabeth H. Johnson 1,00
 Mrs. Ruth Carr 1,00
 Jacob Smith 1,00
 Charles J Davis 1.00
 Miss Charlotte Chester 1,00
 James Williams 1,00
 Peter Hatfield, Macedon, N V 2.00
 A. R. Bullis 2,00
 James Tripp,Galloway Corners, N Y 1,00
 Philadelphia Association, for the North
 Star, from an unknown Friend 10,00
t£ ommc r 11 aI.
Rochester August 22, 1849.
 Tilt- business of the past week has l&gt;een satisfy c*
 torv, at least a great improvement on the two or
 Miree pre viotis weeks.
 Wheat arrived freely by wagons on Saturday, and
 sold at 9s 3d (®3s 6d. On Monday there was but
 little offering. There was a good deal of competi
 tion among the street buyers, and the price was ad
 vanced in the after part of the day to 9s 6d. r l hare
 was but very little wheat offering yestarday.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR Aim MEAL —Duty 20 cad val
 Flour, bbl -4 7&amp;@5 50
 Corn meal, bush 45 50
 PROVISIONS. —Duty;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20&gt; c; Cheese 30 ?c ad val
 Pork, (mess) 00 00 &lt;B&gt; 12 00
 Do. in hog
 Reef cwt. 4 00 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 7006 b 8 00
 Lard (tried) fb
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked) &lt;6&gt; 7
 Shoulders, do. 5 5i
 Butter 0
 Cheese 07
 Turkeys (p lb c 1
 Chickens J*4
 Potatoes, bush 100
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 rad val
 Wheat, bush 112
 Corn a BO
 R\e 53
 Oats 31
 Barley 50
 HIDES—DuIy; 5 c ad val
 Slaughter 3^
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts .•40 0) 75
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 yc; Mustard 20 f
 c ad val
 Clover 3 7&gt; i® 5 00
 Timothy 1509 b 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 (p cad val
 Whitefish bbl 7 00
 Codfish cwt 3 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, y bbl 1 25
 Apples, bu s 37
 Do. dried bush. (0) f&gt;2£
 Eggs, doi 12
 Beans, tf bush 9b 75
 Hay, V ton 700811 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood
'Tliiocrtisnnfnts.
 DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I w ould respectfully iuformihe ritiieusof Rochester
 ami -‘urroumliug cowwtnr, that I have removed my
 othce Irom No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 liankfnl lor past favors in tl** hue of my profi-*-
 sion, aud flattering myself (hat I can give perfect
 sati-* faction to all who may lav.jr me with (heir pa
 tronage. i would uivne all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operation* performed on the teeth or
 •&gt;f having teeth inserted to call ou me and salofy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All ooeratious pet finned by me on the
 teeth and Pble Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1848. tf
 The 014 C'aroitj Sfc«p,
 iAt So 4« Flxekngt Strtrt Roctiester.
 II.OVD SCOTT, rratetul fur the peurouage
 *a warded him, would re»p«-i Uutly mlorm his
 Uietais an&gt;i the public generally, that hr has recent hr
 enlarged hi* establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’*. New ami
 Second hand apffereL lu to this depart
 ment he will boy and sell House Store Furai
 tort*, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 ami agricultural implements,' ami indeed all those
 various ‘aids ami ewds” of which may not be
 readiiv obtained at other places. It is hi* intention
 to, keep The Old f ortuity Shop" well fitrutafacd
 with an eudkss variety of ankles lor which he will
 pav liberally ami dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing "repaired and renovated with araiaeaa
 and destwtsh.
 (hot fisget The Old (Narusity Shop.
 Rnrbnster March 1849.
 James w. mondurming mii r««.awit«
 keep the (Jraeerv aw Second Street, corner &lt;4 j
 Elia, North sale- Ha* cnwaiaatly on hand every
 aiiety of Groceriea.
 Cincinnati, Ohio. Jply.lt, 1&amp;49. 9m
At KI RN and ROCHESTER
 BAII-ROtD.
 riHANGEIN TIME —TV tr,.«# w,ll mwiww
 V-' to leave r at the Lilnaiiy tune
 Eaftvrard—m la. 9} v .If.
 Westward—at m., 9 r. a. 7 r v.
 Knrhe*trv. Mw 1. I***
 VTARKATIVi; l»F THE LIFE OF FREDKR-
 Iv |CR IN M'(.LASS, written l*y h,merit, to le
 had at tin* other. price SO cent*; new Edit. 37 jc
 Hair-1 nitinff and Drrsniif at
 Ralph Francis s*k»n., m.ier the tagi*
 BuTjJo-etreet jt»l lA—Jm
AEH YORK ADVERTISEYIEYTS.
 tolorrd .Sailors' Hoatf,
 330, Pearl Street, .Vnr York.
 FRIENI&gt;S of Ibr *h»e, and Rmjm on a vieit
 to New York, can n»&gt;w l» accommodated w»ih
 a* good Board, and at a.« io» a (.rice a* in any oilier
 Iwtw in lie city. Tie house is large ami con
 venient; Will bold comfortably seventy per* l
 Families can have private room*, ami every atten
 tion paid to their conduit. W.M P. POA’ELL.
 May 11. ISIS.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93. West Broad
 way.
 MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform lier
 Frieuti# and the Public, lh.it slie ha* removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 Street, whore she will continue to enfertuin respect
 able colored person# with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1849
 131I 31,LIS A. rOTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 li Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentleruea’s Furnishing At tides,
 constantly on laand.
 Mav IS, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADYERTISEH'TS.
 General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. W. GOINF.S having opened an Establish
 ment at the Ptiii.APt i phia Institute,
 Lombard Street, aG&gt;ve Seventh, lor tiie purpose ol
 procuring Imiiest and faithful domestics tor those
 who may require them, and obtaining place* for
 such as are qualified and in want tiiertof. begs leave
 to refer to tlie follow ing named gentlemen, v, ho have
 kindlv permitted the use of then uamts as
 RFFERESCKS:
 Andrew- M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor ol the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of tlie Inquirer
 Cliarles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Cliesnut Street.
 Hilliain J. Mullen, 278, Catlieriue S.rset.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36.
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
 ('ll! ARLES JONES, North Star House, No. 25,!
 J North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and 1
 Market and Arch street-, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will fend the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1. 1848. m 49
Anti-Slavery Office*
 No. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a hand sum
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to ls&gt; directed to J. Miller McKitn, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tl
y 1 8?
 G, W, MERCHANT'S
 A T K I&gt;
 GARGLING OIL,
 FOR HORSES k HUMAN FLESH.'
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THK MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY lias not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having lieen lie fore
 the public for more diait fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won- j
 derail effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented U» the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the;
 public generally, it has lieen successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 afflict the human race.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many disease#. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen tears has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant*# Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation, i
 will eure most eases and relieve sucli as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in w hich otli
 er’pre tended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM PAINFUL. NERVOUS AF
 feet ions, Bite# of Animals, Frost Bites, Coins,
 Boils, Whitlows, A-thma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contraction# of tlie mus
 cles .Wounds, Swellings, ke.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses anil other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Gallon*, Cracked Met!-,
 Galls ot all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, BiuGes,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strain-!, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE FARCY, ft., r
 Numerous are die unsolicited statements of pa
 j tients themselves,and other- who lave ttked the Oil,
 j of cures which in theuiselve# »o remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have Gen credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker aiao wrues as follows
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed yoer Gargl rig Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SIRGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success,and would com
 mend it to phy-iti.ut* generally tor externa! use in
 all contusions, tumoi*, sprain*, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic aftectio.u,, v. nerc extcr.ia!
 ir aus are nece--ary. A* a Oioc-tieat, it is haras
 tes# w litre die febrile symptom* Lave been reduced'
 by general treatment. In such ca*c», it is the most
 efficient remedy withiu the circle of aseans uc m in
 j use. j
 I woukt ats recommend »t to conaainsty at !arg
 j a* a sate and powerful remedy v here there u or.
 general fever in all ti»e above c.fcrjie*, to be is*ed
 j freelv, and to couotetart tathMaxatans tr. a ranssrk
 ‘able n anner. In laui»ed wounds »t prevents swell
 j ng, and conserpieiit soreness t» hot weather.
 From trie peculiar nature &lt;#f &gt;h j O:!, and the
 unparalleled soccers it h.»g met with in the hard* of
 i Us FARRIER, FARMER end .CIAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it i* Git justice to «ay, that of the
 I great numfier of mede-ines whe-h have l&gt;een offered
 j none have fieen trt well a«Upted to tlie prompt mre
 of Diseases to which Horse* are liaMe, i* lias Useu
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse i
 For iu*tance, read die tollowiog
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This i» U&gt; certify that I have hail for many year* the
 care of from owe imudred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’a Gargling fill
 j two IW» past, and can safely say. that ha all i)w
 diseases that Gorw-s are liable t0,.1 never saw ,t
 -equal. 1 use afs&gt;ut one bottle per month, ami re
 eouunemf it b&gt; the public as the t«at medic use tJf
 j horses now in iee. D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the jcoprietor will I*.
 promptly res{*&gt;mied to.
 Liet a pmopltiet -,f tlie Agent, and see wkil won
 ders are a* oiupliatw-d l&gt;y lie use ol thos n«-dw ine
 tboLi bj respectabe ilealer* geis railj in (he I
 ted 8 tales and Uamofa.
 Also by Post k Willis, W m PiTim.Uß
 Swa.v, Wiv slow k kot*o, 11. D. Wap*,
 Rochester.
 H A Gaylord, Henderson k Pandersoti, CVve
 laad, O.; G Ding k Hum, ofumbus, O.; Govtka.
 k lerael, Uiuriaaati, O.; McClure k &lt;a», AlUny.
 Hollister k Co, Bnffalo; fireemuan k Muiitli, Uii
 cai; P D Orris k Uo.Trny, NY. Jnly
 lITM. H. TOPP, Merchant Tatkar, Be&gt;*»d
 vf Way. Also ururwitr «miiUSSSttsCm»iii
 Stock*, Hosiery, Glove*, kc
 AKwiy..Feh. 11, I*4». I
sloavh roiim.
fyy- All the rrte.fK-&gt;v sHvrrtised fn W. B 81own
 are sold by Post Wiltis, \V lf *p, w fc V«w*g. ft.-
 rioter S. K'ish*., Frsnkfrat; A Ua.r *tok
 Uo.. Lewiston; T. fc A. Frye, I\r.ekp» r Caieh
 Nve, Pittsfcrd; W. William*. Buffalo.
 mi,druggist* thmuffmiS the I ruled tttaie*
 FAMILY OIJITir.JtT.
 SLOAN’S* OINTMENT I* m»w oniversallr sr
 know lpifge*i to l&lt;e m infallible remedy, m every
 cave where it hn* fsitWitfly applies} *»a the fw,-
 man *v*trtn, fnr prr rnot&gt;nf In*en*ib4e Persf-iration,
 drawing w the infci.noatei’i frr.tti a Wf-und. re
 lieving |Min of (u ri kind, tiki in »t.« henhng quali
 tH-» the w ,tld d«e« «,t pnw’oee it* equal, »n*f tl&gt;e
 public promsas-r it tlie cheapest ai«t last .Family
 (hAtm-nl tltat ha* ever lern need. All diMSie* *&gt;l
 the K le-h, Oiwtmate Ulcer*. Ok! Sore#, InlWhm#,
 S&lt;*re lhr&gt;&gt;at. Burn*. Uwt*. f"utaneou* Kniptuai,
 Sure Nipnfr*, Bate llrea*ts, Di*ra«e* &lt;&gt;t th«- Eye,
 Agwr in tfie tace, hdr, lark, and tin other i»rt* ot
 tbr system. BoiU, l leer*. Scald Head. Praises,
 K re*h ound*. and every kind of *ncr« containing
 tG- k i*t part trie of intf.trumatuMi arc pcnuqpent! v
 cureil lw this great renedv.
 W. ft. SLOAN,
 tirand IVpor, 40 Like *t., Chicago, til.
 we can’t get a:.ong without it.
 Be bee'} Grov x. Will Iff.,
 Ortohrr 24, IM 1
 Mr. Sioax— Sir. I have tested lie virtue ot
 voor Ointment in ti» cun* o! rattlesnake lutes, -ore
 throat, tairn*. .uml inauv otG-r injurie*, arni in every
 case it ha* surpassed our expectation*. A* a Fami
 ly Ointment I have never *»*en its equal, and tor
 loeast* we can’t get aking wiiGnit it.
 Your*, kc.,
 MILES M JOHNSON.
excellent ointment.
 MR. Stiivx—lbur Sn K\&gt;r consithnl»G
 length of time I was seriously afflu ted with tire
 Rlreuuiattc complaint, and applied freely the various
 liniments,pain-killer*, kc.. without ;vu%
 relief. Alter which vour agent at thi* lace inthi
 enced me to trv vour Ointment, and within two
 weeks front the time l commenced using if, tf«&gt;(Kiiii
 ceased, an&gt;l I was effectually cured; and shall re
 commend all who arc similarly afflicted with the dis
 tressing complaint, to procure vour ex'-elleot oint
 ment vvitlkHM rielav Resp’v vows,
 Oscar f.
 Piinceville, P»s&gt;ria ro., 111., May I, ’4B.
 V FINGER BITTEN ENTIRELY OFF*.
 Two .Miles South ol Chicago,
 S»*(»t. 14, 154*.
 I&gt;K. St&lt;i\v—Sir 4&gt;n th* M :h m*t. my’-on had a
 finger bitten entirelv &lt;&gt;h by ahorse. W«* iinmcJi
 atelv aj piicd vour celebialed ttiHlHß’nt which re
 lieved him nt pain in a ti vv niiuules, and prevented
 the tinger from swelling the hast particle, and the
 wound is now healing rapidly.
 Respectfuilv vours,
 S. ROUKW A\
A PRIME Af’.TII I.K.
 Are any afflicted with pains, bruise*,rut# Or sore#
 of any kind Let iGmii read \V. 15. Sloan’s ail
 vertiseraent in another column. c Gdieve tin*
 omtoient to he a prune article for any thing of die
 kind and no humbug. Try a little of it before you
 suffer any longer. It can lie had it nearly all the
 stores in this place.—[Knox Intelligencer.
 THE BEST XN I» CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN' THE WORLD.
SLOAM’S OIMT.MKNT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 hwe earned a ckeaY name.
 Far Puritu, yUblnras, S.ijity, rrttunty
 awl 'l'hfimiiiiha‘ss .S/.0.1N’.V
 &lt;&gt;[\TMi:\T Utah,
 An&lt;l is rapidly superseding all other Ointment* and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds, (ialls of all kinds, Sprain*,
 Bruises, Cracked fleets. Ringbone, indgall.-', Poll
 F.vil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Hiilii-t,
 i Strains, Lameness, Sunil Clacks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratclies or Crease, Mange and lloiu Di*leni|MT.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, clenu-c the
 1 wafer, and strengthen every part of the borfv anil
 I lias proveil a sovereign remedy lor the follow no;'
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Apatite, In
 ward Strains, •Vellow Watt r. Inflammation of Hie
 Kyes, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Kheiiin.i
 tisru, (commonly tailed stdi complaint,) which
 proyes so fatal to many valuable horses in this
 country. It is also a sate and ceil in remedy tin
 coughs and colds, which generate so many fatal di--
 eases. W. 15. Sl.O.yV,
 i (irand Depot, 10 Like st., Chicago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT FROM THE “GALEN A NORTH-W EsTERN
 GA7.ETTE.”
 the use of Sloan’s Ointment mid Condition
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula* on mv
 I horse, and otherwise improved hi* condition mote
d
 a cow which was so feeble as to Is- eon-id,-red
 worthle*.* by myself arid neighljors, was restored i&lt;*
 good health anil strength by the use of less t 1,.,,, half
 a package of the powder, and is now doing U tter
 than any other cow I have. M. V INCK.VI’.
 Small Pox, May Id, IK-IM
 POPVLAft OfMN’fOV.
 If popular opinion is any criterion of the worth
 of an article, we invite Hie incredulous to read at
 least a few of tin* many Voluntary certificates whnU
 appear in our column* re |s*cting the great vanity
 of remarkable cures e the ted by tin* use of “Mom's
 celebrated Ointment and Condition Powder."
 These remedies no longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility; tiny have passed from the ’tide of
 experiment, and now stand higher in reputation, net
 are becoming more extensively used than all other
 articles of tlie kind. —[Michigan City .New*.
 THE HALE HAS NOT KEEN TOLD.
 Fox River, June 12, ’IK.
 Dr. Si.oan—Dear Sir Plea*&lt; send by liw Ivar
 er a oe.w supply of your Horse Medicines. Tfny
 are the best articles of tin: kind tl.ai 1 fmve ever
 used, never having lieen disapfwiiiite l in Ha ir effect
 a* I liave lieen in tin* use of oilier, even the most
 celebrated Ointments, Liniment-, of lh»- ila,.
 I like very much this feature in fltrm, vi/ tliai tin y
 iioalllh.it is promised, anil upon a thorough Inal,
 one is constrained to add liiat liait Ims not lie&lt; u
 told.” Ib stsectfully,
 M. DCDLL*.
 THE mi'PERENCK.
 The oruinary Omtiieiiii ami Lmtmenfts, n is well
 known, are revere and partial m dan operation
 Sioan Ointment is mild, yet tli -riaiglv— It reai lie
 and removes the cause, la nce it n real and \*-t
 roaoeat relief.
 For port y, mildness, safety, certainty, -ami tlwir-
 Ciiiljmwr, Hlikui’i Omit,wot excels, amt is tuindly
 tupereediag ail other ointments amt huiineuts now
 in u.*e.
 GOOD NEW*.
 Chicago, Jan. «th, l«qd
 W B. Si oav—Sir; One of my b,j*»es wa lus.f
 oouad and also wounded m tie* stifle, i n winch
 took cidd, .oaf beiruue «o crippled that he could
 •rarcOy Havel. By tire free wpplio.,tnu. of,
 *aNjald' Ointment, hi* hoof* were soon ■ofteind.nd
 tlie stiHe permanently cured.
 I liave also laserl the Omtmeut in ti»e .sc of poll
 Lvii ami on .revere galls with espial success.
 On a mashed Anger that was very painful it op
 erated like a charm. Yours, X
 A. VAN OKDLV
 EXTRAORDINARY l RE.
 F*wrr mib-« north of I hsrago, (mi road to f
 MliW lilkse.) C&lt;s,k CO. IH., A [ml 13, ’4K
 -Mn SlOar— l)r*r Su. &gt;u* &lt;4 uiy Uos res had a
 Urge Issfiy Toils a on his breuat Isom-, iwHssiuld,
 under the collar, winch lamed hint are! reiki »e&lt;l Ins
 vnnti iA very I title value. 1 taiikfnfH applied
 reveral bottir* &gt;4 Dr Twvlor’* Nerve *n&gt;J ILme
 Liniment, without Uve least lent hi- J then pro
 rurnl V\ ihier’s Celebrated 11 or»e Oimncul, -oxl
 uscii tint until I leesne fully •f“ 11 would
 •ever rebeve lie acin&gt;a|. 1 obtained a
 U,X (4 VOW rml, tafttsbh ointment, M»f in Is
 titan 60 .lav* fr* m ihrmu application Ms lurnw cn
 urelv .l.satas arna and the inure waa welJ.
 KDW ARD AKMmTKO.M;.
 ogATirviKo t*rmrcf*f r.
 From every l ,4rt r&lt; ,r V where ''Nlnon't
 lliare Ointment mn! ComlM.o* PowUea" fcaVe
 Htfutaxi. tin* pri*pr letor lav* received the n.,.,
 gratify mg uHctbferwe &lt;4 their rnnaiValsh- eflaet an
 popularily. in a mufertrek- .3 I'renutesre, the*
 tnuuuihed over Ji*eaae» winch hw&lt;l Iwtfled ,g (il
 4 ceWsrated wrrters. aud were uaimli lea ~t o
 tde There mrdn ure. are ra|4&lt;i!y
 wher itcmcdiO iww m we, fcsT d»re*re,i Uo,re« .mi
 ie^
"
