"significance. A* Mr. Benton is a Democrat,
 will you «av that Mr. Benton abhor* alswv
 h mat I* s so. and before I WlB 11
 might bo true but it is not the ein of pn tti
 o.ans to bo righteous over much a,I K ts ‘‘J
 and applause.) 'There is nothing that
 know in the past history or present character
 ot that distinguished man, whom eertainly I
 honor tor manv wise counsels and some noble
 deed*.— nothing m his past history or pie*eni
 character, which would lead me 10 euppose
 th o he sets a higher estimate than Su Robert
 IVel, on disinterested philanthropy. I lake
 him, therefore, as a Mngnrficant sign of the
 times, and for the present purpose, he is
 inure valuable as an indication ot the times,
 than if he had all the heroism of some men
 whom 1 will not name. 1 look on him as a
 great thermometer, hung up in our )&gt;olinca!
 wea'her. and he shows the anti-slavery heat
 It is that which makes his mercury rise up
 to the Free Soil point. (Renewed, applause.)
 These, my fnenda, are signs not to be
 mistaken, signs ‘not to be s|«»ken against,'
 (if 1 may speak out ot my own profession,}
 which show that the anti-slavery sentiment
 has got kindled, and the anti-slavery ideadif
 iuaed These men have not labored m vain
 Mr. Calhoun tells ut&gt;, m that famous lettei
 emanating from the Slavery Committee ru
 Washington —Mr. Calhoun tells ns that the
 anti slavery men have done a good deal to
 wards effecting then end. It is a great con
 fession. bet H la not fully Hue. They have
 done a good deal towards their beginning, noi
 towards their end, for the end is not yet
 These men will not be satisfied with having
 no more slave territory not be satisfied wit!
 restricting the slave trade between the States
 not be satisfied with abolishing slavery it
 the capital and in the territories. No, —they
 witl rend it ft ora the Constitution they
 will tread it out ol the land, and write tht
 words, freedom and liberty, making a cross
 therewith, in great broad letters, Horn tht
 Bay of Fundv to the Gulf of California, and
 backwards from ape Sable to the Lake
 of the Woods and they will not be satisfied
 until they have done that. [A voice Never j
 Never —.io let ns ail say, ?i‘cei f Ap
 plause.J
 Men u'iT work in very different ways. 1
 do not expect all men to work in tny wav.
 I should be sorry il they tried No one man
 is so wise as millions of men. The Free
 Soil party has done much already. They
 may not come up to the standard of my
 friends here behind me. Rut they have done
 much already and I thank God, and 1 ihtmk
 them for what they have done. One
 at least, they have done. They have set a
 fire in the rear of our doughface Represen
 tatives that we send to Congress. (Ap
 plause.) Still, there is much to do. Now
 is not the tune to relax oui energies. Now,
 rather, is the time to push, and bj active. Tor
 the first time since tin-adoption of the Fede
 ral Constitution, the Slave Power has trem
 bled, lias recoiled, has been defeated, and ha;
 turned back.
 The President of the United States ha
 asked us to come together, to-day, and this,
 1 think, is the first time that an anti-slavery
 meeting was ever called by proclamation ol
 the Executive. (Laughter.) 1 will not be
 so unjust to the intellect of the Cabinet ot
 General Taylor, or of that gentleman him
 self, as to suppose that lie really partakes ol
 the motives w hich seem to animate the pro
 clamation. 1 have lug tier respect lor the
 intellect of those men than to believe iJiat
 they share the superstition so apparent in
 their proclamation, and so apparent in the
 proclamation ol our own Governor
 Ret in old times, on a Fast day, there
 v**re two things to he done. One thing was
 to repent. Wo are told that the cholera has
 come as a judgment lor national sins. The
 national sin is slavery. The national sin iros
 the Mexican war, hut that is ended. .Slavery,
 then, is the national Bin to be repented of.
 Rut the proclamations invite us to ask the
 Almighty to withdraw his hand. They do
 not ask us to repent of our sin et that
 is the put pose of a fast such as the Lord
 loveth, —such as our friend [the Chairman|
 read out of that grand significant Md Testa
 ment. Well, then, repentance is the firsi
 duty. Here let us all repent us of slavery.
 Let us repent us of our coldness in this ami
 slavery enterprise. Lei us repent us ol
 cowardice in having sent cowardly men u
 represent us, where cowards should not go
 Applause.)
 Rut the next object of a day ol fasting
 was, after ihe lepentance, the resolution,
 and the vow. Here, than, let us make tin
 vow to oppose, by sentiment, by ideas, ant
 by actions, slavery in every place and ii
 every form, and to promote freedom in even
 place and m every form. I would appeal u
 \ou who are men, and have votes to cast
 and see fit to cast them, so to east them tha
 they shall tell on the side of right 1 wouk
 appeal to you who are women, who art
 wives, who are mothers, tu take your chil
 dren, and train them up so that when they
 arc seven years old, they shall take tin
 solemn vow of hostility to slavery, here am:
 there, now and every where. (Applause.)
 EXTRACTS FROM IHE SPEECH 01 WLNhELL.
 PHILLIPS.
 1 am sorry, friends, that 1 am not well
 enough, to-day, to addiess you. The only
 reason 1 came to W oreestei was, I was not
 walling that any one would have it m hit
 power to say, that speakers were announced,
 and then not present. Rut, out «&gt;i many,
 you will not be surprised if some are detain
 ed, or some are ill.
 This is Zachary Taylor's fast for tin
 cholera If the Lord lias sent the cholera
 here lor any sin, 1 suppose the great sin ol
 the American people is slavery. Iho&amp;e whi
 feel guilty ot it may last I oonut. To me
 therefore, it is a feast, and not a fast I.ei
 the sinners last, the saints rejoice. ‘Let tht
 galled jade wince our withers an: unwrung.
 We have nothing to do with the great sin o
 1 ho American people, tor we have spent om
 lives in protesting against it.
 Doubtless it would be well for the Ameri
 can people to fast, hi sincerity, for this great
 national n.quitv but we have other employ
 ment more attractive, on this day, than u
 bewail ihe sms of the American people
 These hours represent lor us the greatest dav
 in the sweep ol mile, when nearly a million
 of fetters wore stricken from human limbs;
 when, as Lamm line has so beaulilully said,
 dbertoii-c went up to the throne of tht
 Eternal wivn a innlion of broken felleis in
 lna hands, as sv,det.ee ot a file well spent.
 (Applause tsuc-h is ihr dav we com
 memorate. Ibis is ihe refoun, the great
 Anti-Slavery relotm whose f,uiu wecdebrai
 to-day.
 The anti-slaveiy enter;,r;* was the normal
 school ol ail reforms. u was the rat tj 1)n
 the F.nglish people to elkci a great tutioi a
 change by moral means. Tins was the effort
 which first tauglu the people their jsi r&lt;ul&gt;tf,
 Previous changt-3 hud been wrought !,v t;,, v
 eminent, —lew to he sure, and insignificant
 and m the wrong direction, —b\ the high,-,"
 classes struggling lor iheir own rights,—t n
 violent means and just so far as they ‘i&lt;*A
 the sword,’ relied on violence, these had bee
 failures West India Emanripat n is tht
 civjc crown which the British noddle clasj
 wins lor its brow wins by no othciai influ
 ence—not by wealth —nut by partv organs
 tion —not on the battle-field but by leaven
 ing slowly, and in patient faith, the publn
 mind wul. the true. Wilberforce and Clark
 son re educated the Hrmsh people 11 vu:
 the school-boys of ft*? (the year they be
 gin) who, in 1*33, pronounced the emanci
 psuon ot the Islands. Over Parliament, ant
 not through it, —in spue of office and noble
 —by the press, by public meetings, by liver
 of se.l d*-volton, by appeals In men wfu
 weighed nothing singly but were mighty in
 masses, ihev gained day bv day on the giant
 evil, as the gnawing ocean gams on lhe
 strand and like that, n&gt; ver lost an inch
 once iheirs ‘Nothing permanent was eve.
 done by violence,' said Napoleon from M
 Helena Never since the establishment ol
On i inanity hate men set purposely to work
 nn the plan of the fim abolitionists. Their
 entire, triumphant, unequalled success is the
 motive, while their Course is the example,
 and their veterans ollen tlie leaders, in the re
 forms which have since b en effected, and
 those which are now in proxies#abroad. The
 ami slavery cause heiaided the wav, and
 limited the soldtets for these. The hour of
 its triumph was the first time that the heart
 and thought of the common people had been
 markedly arid peaceably felt tn that Govern
 ment. Their hand* weie felt at Naaeby. In
 1*34. you heard their hearts heat.
 Our friend Parker said, with a great deal
 of until, that the anti-slavery sentiment of
 Great Britain was often exaggerated that
 some seemed to suppose, very erroneously,
 that it embraced all daaaea in Great Britain.
 He was undoubtedly right. The nobility, the
 high-church, conservatives, pro-slavery party
 in the House of Lords and the House of
 Commons, were active.'powerful, overwhelm
 ing 1 doubt whether they had not. to the
 last, it not a majority, at least a very large
 rninonlv of the English people upon their
 side
 It was. at la»t, the earnest, God fearing
 men treading down the craven, afraid or
 ashamed,’in the ItUh century, to act out the
 opinions he was not ashamed to hold. Cer
 tainly, he was correct, tt&gt;o, in saying that
 the anti-slavery enterprise was different in
 E gland from what it is here. Still, tny
 opinion ia that, taking all things into eon
 s.deration, emancipation, though a different
 work, was not, in any gieat degree, an ea?ier
 one there, than it may be here. They had
 some aid we want, hut again, they lacked
 manv advantages we possess. Certainly there
 was great truth in his remark, that if you
 now stir in England iho rights of her lower
 classes, you are met as fiercely as we are here
 on this slave question. He might even have
 gone further, and have said that many of
 those who had borne the burden and heaL ot
 the anti-slavery da\. would be among your
 j sternest opponents. There vs a? truth, enough
 to make it a libel, in Byron's petulant cry,
 when p eadtng, vainly, for the weavers, ‘O’
 that my clients were black, then they’d get a
 heating!’
 If 1 recollect right, our friend thought that
 the English people wouid not have so soon
 abo'ished slavery, if the slave had been in
 their island. I have no doubt liiai it la true.
 If the slave had resided in London, if the
 slave nad been m the county of Kent, the
 enterprise would have been moreexacily like
 I ours. Still, if the slave at a distance is some
 advant.ge, it has its disadvantages also.
 They had their Latimer, but no William and
 Ellen Crafts, no B&gt;x Brown. This irresis
 tible appeal to that sentiment which Mr.
 Barker made the first wave ol the agitation,
 was, trom the nature of the case, impossi
 ble, or neatly so. Again, the situation of
 their slave population was such, that they
 nad no Douglass, and could hardly have had
 one. Besides, ev«&gt;d the slave himself was
 m the West Indies, the slaveholder was in
 the House of L iras —the slaveholder was in
 the House of Commons. hen the aboli
 tionists argued ihe question, they argued n
 with Slaveholders for their direct personal op
 ponent much of the wealth of England was
 pledged to that side, The plantations of the
 West indies were owned in the House of
 Lords, and that of the Commons. Some of
 these owners—to the honor of England be
 it spoken —stood by the abolitionists, though
 they were not abolitionists in our sense ol
 i the word, and not, 1 think, in any proper
 sense, for they did not lree their slaves. T'ne
 illustrious head of the House of Fox was
 possessed, at the commencement of the
 emancipation movements, of West-India
 property, and yet stood side by side with the
 anti-slavery Lords, and was actively engaged
 with the anti-slavery committee in behalf of
 their enterprise. True, English s avery was
 abolished in spite ot the West Indians; still,
 the law which abolished U passed through
 two Houses, which, like our own, contained
 i many slaveholders.
 1 It is common to say, tho anti-slavery suo
 cess of Great Britain was easier earned than
 we c:nt expect to have it here, because Parlia
 merit had sovereign power over the colonies.
 I As if the Parliament of Great Britain was
 not, at that time, itself, as pro-slavery a
 body as our Congress. The North is to
 abolish Southern slavery by the same means,
 at the same odds lias over the subject gene-
 I rally the same power as the freedom-loving
 dissenters and churchmen of Great Britain
 had over the Islands. To be sure, the North
 lias not the same technical legal powers, but
 law lorms are only parchment. Hearts,
 Thoughts, Dollars, Truth, rule the world.
 Give the American people, give the North,
 the wish, and any unptincipled Democrat or
 W lug (perhaps the adjective is superfluous)
 j will find tlie way.
 Great as was the political and official in
 fluence brought to bear against the movement,
 u is cheering to observe the maiked contrast
 between the conduct of British siaiesmen and
 that of Urn hale men here who claim that
 title. From 1787 down to 1833, no man
 there, blessed with a name which has any
 t claim to live, dated to go down to his grave
 without leaving on record his protest agam&amp;i
 tins iniquity. The anti-slavery vocabulary
 culls jts most forceful expressions from the
 most eloquent lips of St. Stephens. Tonuni
 ber up her champions were only to read the
 list of the tenants of Westminster. There
 is no time, here, to analyze the reason why
 lit did not at once succeed. The lact is, i
 believe, as i state it.
 There is one great, and, I confess, most
 j important support to the slave system in Una
 country, which was wanting in England—
 social prejudice against color. This is, to
 be sure, a most important item to show that
 Mr Parker’s estimate is, in a degree, correct.
 •South Carolina is. in one sense, as dependant
 on Massacuhsetts as Jamaica upon England,
 lhai important .Slate ‘wastes, to be s ,ie, a
 great deal of veiy excellent indignation’ on
 (this subject. .Still, while she can ‘say her
 little speeches, and move her little motions,’
 it is Northern inind that rules this land—
 Northern enterprise has subdued its millions
 ol acres, it is Northern reputation that gives
 weight to our public acta. It is Northern
 trade, Northern commerce fills our lieasury.
 It is the Not them voice that is to pronounce
 the end of slavery.
 But does not me veiy prejudice, which he
 at oi.ee astonishes and surmounts, give some
 additional weight and effect to the eloquence
 ol Dotigiass 1 it is one of a despised race,
 whom they were hardly willing io reckon
 men, that thondeis and lightens, and shakes
 j ail Christendom ere theie time, perhaps
 1 coni,i show therefore, that even with this
 obaiac e in our way, we have means, on these
 accounts, and in our stale of society, religious
 iiObiis, omnipresent press, and form ol Gov
 ernment, which leave us even with our Eng
 lish predeccessors.
 O, noble la«itssnrss Christian trampl
 j Ung on majorities Holy rebellion But 1
 j want ail organized rebellion. I w ant a legal
 j icbellion. I waul a recognized rebellion. I
 want a Stale rebellion. I want a legislative
 rebellion. I have no regard for what i» called
 conetitulional law. The day has gone by
 when tlie Constitution was any thing more
 man a roll ot parchment, and we are contmu
 |«i.\ paying less tegaid to it Free Soilers
 j 11:11 Ufc that they shad act without regard to
 i d Almost any nun wouid deem it an insult
 i-&gt;e tu,d here, to-day, that he would return
 a lugitive slave to Ins master, that in this res
 peet he would obey the Constitution of the
 nded States There is hardly a man who
 been m the Legislative hails of ibis State
 tor the last year, ol any party, who would
 not deem it an insult to be told here u&gt;-day
 that ill this respect he would obey the very
 Constitution ot the In tied sut«s which he
 solemnly swore to uphold and support
 Then, if this is so, why not make that IW
 'for Massachusetts 1 Why not pa w lt &gt;s a
 statute, and annul the onstituUoo of the
 I mttd States' And if South Carolina says
 nay to it. you can pUad her own example as
 preeedent
hy lie any lorger bound by obligation*
 which are fitter* only to lb. and weapons to
 °*ifoe* f Come, fellow citizen*, let u* riso
 up, and make elean tho statute book of our
 lathers hat if this course be unconstitu-;
 tional r We mean it to lie so. e. too,,
 are living men. and cm make Constitution*.!
 as well as our lathers.
 j This is a great da\. because it is the day
 on which England tried for us the expeument;
 «*f freedom. I do not know but the larger
 part of my audience are acquanted with the
 circumstances of West India emancipation,
 hut 1 do not believe that you have all reflect
 ed upon the complete proof which that exper
 iment affords of the safety and duty of
 immediate emancipation reflected that the
 experiment never can be tried again in
 6U&lt; h unfavorable circumstances as it was
 tried then Men say it is not wise to free
 the slaves immediately. Men say it is not
 safe to free ;he slaves immediately. Men
 wav that a great political revolution like that
 must take half a century for its accomplish
 ment —that it cannot be done in a single year,
 or a single generation.
 Now the slaves in the West Indies were
 about *30,000 m number. There were about
 130,000 whites in those islauds. There
 were nearly ten blacks to one white in some
 of the m. In one small island, there wefe
 ihree hundred blacks to two white men. In
 Jamaica, there were ten blacks to one white
 man. Those islands were 4000 miles Irom
 the civilization, and order, and government
 of Europe. If the black man had risen in
 I his strength if he had remembered for one
 moment the century ol oppression which be
 had suffered if he had wished to revenge
 i the wioiigs to which he had been subjected
 long belore the tale could have been told in
 Europe, the white race might have been
 trodden down under the very feet of the
 people of the West Indies. Without a wpapon,
 i they might have been trodden down by the
 masses of emancipated men, walking to the
 sea shore, and treading the puny pale face
 beneath their feet.
 This experiment of justice was to be tried
 j now with a w holly uneducated race, ten timer
 outnumbering their white oppressors, ii
 is and* thousand of miles off from the very
 I possibility of hope or help. The First ui
 August came. The slave, —fretted with tbt
 long delay, deceived again and again by
 promises of emancipation which had not been
 tulfilled by the tr.ckeiy of the masters, who
 had once and again deleaied the honest in
 tentions of the British Government,—slowly
 saw this eventful sun about to rise. The be
 iiever injustice; the believer in the safely
 of obedience to Gud's government, mighi
 well be allowed to tremble for a moment,
 though ever so sanguine, at such an hour.
 To the honor of the colored race, to the hopt
 of humanity, to the joy and gratitude of every
 believer in a just Ruler of me Universe, we
 are able to look back upon that eventful scene
 in the history of the race, and recollect that
 ii was not sullied by one smgie act of ven-
 I geance by one single expression of unkind
 ness; by one single drop ot bloodshed when
 800,000 slaves, whom white malice and in
 genuity and lust had done their utmost to im
 brute, were made men in a day. Here and
 j there was a regiment of British troops, it is
 true; but what were they to the proud force
 of 800,000 men in the first movement of lib
 erty Look at St. Domingo. How long did
 the veterans of Napoleon how long did the
 i choicest tioops of ihe English government
 stand before 600.000 naked, unarmed Hay
 tiens, when they were told at midnight, in
 the French Cummissioner's alfiight and dis
 may, that they were freemen, and might
 defend How many of the Eng
 lish tioops ever set foot again on the
 English strand 1 The same thing would
 have been repeated, if the slave had but
 dreamed for a moment of vengeance upon the
 First of August.
 1 say, nevermore can the experiment be so
 liried. Never again can such a conjunction
 of circumstances take place, when man can
 even plausibly distiust so much the policy of
 giving immediate freedom to masses of slaves.
 God seems to have given to us a nation, our
 I beloved mother country, willing to believe
 that justice was expediency. He seems to
 have placed in its hands the problem in the
 ugliest of aliapes, and most dangerous of
 ciicuinstances, and then to have blessed it to
 a most successfclul issue. The anti-slavery
 cause is deeply the debtor ot this day for the
 pioudestand noblest lesson humanity has
 ever learned, faith both in the white race and
 m the colored.
 j It is a sad commentary upon such an event
 i to look at the spoil will* which it has been
 i criticised. Almost eveiy book which has
 been written referring to the subject, labors
 most as to the number of pounds of sugar, or
 hogsheads of rice, or puncheons of ruin, the
 quantities of this thing or that tiling that are
 exported. The West India experiment,—
 was it succisaful 1 ask the American clergy
 and people throughout. Oh, yes' And why?
 Because the exports did not fail 1 The slave
 f w oiked on the second day of August! He
 I went out to the plantation, and made as
 many sugai cane holes as ever! There is as
 1 much sugar in the Liverpool market from
 those islands as before they were treed
 As if there was nothing but sugar in
 God’s world As if man was made to work,
 and for nothing but work As if the Ameri
 can people were to testa great moral event by
 hogsheads of sugar and puncheon* of rum
 I do not care whether the slave worked oi
 out. Ido not care whether ihe slave made
 one ounce of sugar or one pint of rum. It
 J would not gneve me much to learn that he
 I lay lazily under the graceful palm of his
 native land. I do not care much to know
 what he did. There is nothing worse than
 J slavery, if he did not cut his master s
 j throat, if there is a white man living in Ja
 inaica to-day, the experiment was successful.
 Tnere is nothing but anarchy that is worse
 than slavery. Tell rne that anarchy does not
 exist in the British West Indies, and you tell
 I me that the experiment has succeeded.
 Some say that Hayti is a pro&gt;.f that eman
 -1 cipatmn will not do for the slave, llayti has
 been alluded to often. It is a monaichy,
 they say. Grant it so it is. It may be a
 despotism. What then 1 What is despotism l
 It is the baby step of civilization. Despotism
 is the first ground that man touches in hi*
 ascent from Anarchy to Liberty. Monarchy
 is the second step. Well the Haytiaus
 have reached monatchy, and that is two steps
 from slavery, which is nothing at all noih
 uig at all to the moral man i othing but tm
 brinn g the ir.telleciual nature of man.
 This is looked upon as a great effort in the
 British people. I nJoubtedly it was. But
 m this country, strong as it is, nothing
 i compared with the energy of* the American
 j jieople, nothing at all. Twelve hundred
 millions of dollars, I know are lending to
 slavery their influence. I know that the poii
 j \ics of the country are mortgaged to the slave
 system. I know lhat the Northern Church
 .»infected to th&gt;- c&lt; re. The iitenuure of the
 country is proemuted; I confess it. The ed
 ucation of the country is qualified by the pro
 slavery sentiment; I know it. But nobody
 has seen yet the mighty energy of a free
 people.
 Do not hesitate, therefore Have no fear
 noj trembling; no quaking, or any trembl
 j mg knees; as it this great people, these glori
 ous Stales, were powerless—lor they are
 glorious, with ail thetr hypocrisy, then blood
 i guiltiness, and their indifference to the *lave.
 We are still a noble people. All we wan; is
 to re-educate this slumbering con*cience
 I Show them slavery, and then duty to gel ric
 J of it, and they ill spring to the work w»th
 i all the convulsive energy of a people walking
 ne w and fresh to their duties.
 And who will do a for you* Any of the
 little insignificant men that crowd anu-aiaven
 platforms and hold acu slavery meetings’
 Ob, no' Go home make anti slaverv to be
 every thing, a reality arid 1 will find you the
 men ou shall have the most eloquent lip®,
 «f yoa want them Go home, and call fo
 torn,and you shall have Robert Wmthrop foi
 an anti-slavery lecturer. (Laughter.) G&lt;
 home, and call f*&gt;i him, and the Mighty Dan
tel himself Stall become a speaker fat imme
 diate emancipation; only »et up m steeple
 w the weathercock* setuaf
 Norllt in*^o7 kpoulh. 1 lies* men dwell 10
 so higo| s»acold an atmosphere that the
 flood high indeed which weta their
 steuy SStili yon hare in your power to
 stir ihecrLup, hy the energy ol a Iree preaa
 and of a Wee people, and to ciH out all this
 God-given talent to do the work. Then we
 shall hare a First of August when we may
 •peak well of ouraelres instead of the English,
 and we shall hare feasts instead of fasts, one
 end of the country to the other. (Applause.)
From the Pittsburgh Gaielle.
 Anniversary of Emancipation in the
 Weal Indies.
 The first of August being the ann irersary
 of the day on which, bv a decree of the Brit
 ish Parliament, liberty was gtTen to 800,000
 human beings, who had hitherto been held in
 bondage in the West Indies.our colored fellow
 citizens assembled in a grore opposne the
 residence of Mr. Arthurs, in Laceyville, to
 commemorate that glorious event.
 The Meeting w hich was organized at 10
 o’clock, a. m., by calling the Rev. S. John
 son to the Chair, and appointing J. Peck
 Vice President, and James Jones Secretary,
 was opened with prayer by the Rev. L.
 jGross.
 Appropriate addresses were made by
 Messrs. John Peck, T. A. Brown, Matthew
 Jones, and the Rev. Mr. Green, after
 which the meeting adjourned until this after
 noon.
 The large assemblage which was present,
 then took dinner at the various tables
 which were scattered through the grove.
 The meeting was again called to order be-i
 tween two and three o’clock, when addreses
 were made by the following gentlemen:
 Rev. Charles Avery, and Passavant.
 Messrs. J B. Yashon, M. R. Delany,
 James Jones and several others.
 After the delivery of the addresses, the
 meeting adjourned until the evening, when
 the grove was very prettily and tastefully
 illuminated by lights being placed among the
 trees.
 The addresses, of the Rev. Messrs. Avery
 and Passavant, were exceedingly eloquent,
 and altogether the day passed off very har
 moniously.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, AUGUST 31, 1849
"The Labors of the Past Week.
 We were absent from our post most of last
 week, attending anti-slavery meetings and
 fairs, which were held at Macedon, Farming-:
 tun and Palmyra. Of the meeting and fair at
 Macedon oui readers have alieady been in-j
 foimed. On Tuesday, the 19th instant, we
 held a meeting in the (Orthodox) Friends’
 Meeting House at Farmington, which wasi
 attended by a large audience. Faimington
 has long enjoyed the reputation of being an
 anti-slavery town, but with what propriety it
 is difficult to determine. There is evidently
 very little active anti-slavery there of any kind
 at this time There seems to be a general
 falling off of effoit on the part of those who
 formerly acted in favor of the abolition cause.
 We attribute this change to the impatience
 and want of faith which, too often, display
 themselves in the movements of enthusiastic
 reformers. Instead of waiting for the slow',
 but sure and certain results of the foolish
 ness of preaching,*’ they have sought after
 what they conceive to be more efficient instru
 mentalities—have been disappointed and dis
 heartened, and, at length, have become apa
 thetic and indifferent. Starting with Wm. L.
 Garrison on the broad platform ot the Ante
 riern Anti-Slavery Society, they, with few
 exceptions, have deserted, and have united
 with the Liberty party, and that party being
 swallow-ed up by the Free Soil party, they have
 now no distinct plan of operation against sla
 very, but appear to be waiting for some other
 and more feasible mode of acting out their anti
 slaveiv principles. As an evidence of the pro
 slavery influence of the place, we may mention
 the fact, that the large meeting-house of the
 Hicksite Quakers is closed against anti-slavery
 and all other reformatory meetings. It is
 hereafter to be exclusively devoted to religious
 purposes. This house was applied for, a few
 weeks since, by Joseph Dugdale, a man of
 spotless purity of character, and of deep devo
 tion to the cause of freedom, and not only was
 a refusal given to this application, but one of
 the professed followers of Elias Hicks went
 so far as to nail up the doors and windows.—
 When will men learn that “mercy” is above
 1 “sacrifice;” that true Christianity is not to be
 advanced by the shutting up meeting houses
 against reform, and turning a deaf ear to the
 cries of God’s poor
 On Monday evening we had the privilege
 of addressing a large audience in the Baptist
 Church of Palmyra. On Tuesday, the ladies
 of the W estern New York Anti-Slavery So
 ciety held an Anti-Slavery Fair in that place,
 by which they realized the sura of $53. A
 larger sum might have been received but for
 the limited character of the notice.
 A series of anti-alavery meetings and fairs,
 in connection with the Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society, are to be held during
 the autumn—which we have no doubt will be
 found highly beneficial in awakening and
 keeping alive an interest in the cause of the
 slave.— f. D.
The National League.
 e suggested, a few weeks since, the idea
 of an organization under this title, which we
 are happy to find has been well received j
 among our people, so far as they have been
 heard from; and we are encouraged in the
 hope that some efficient steps will be taken to
 carry this idea into effect. It is certainly high
 lime that the oppressed colored people of the
 Lmted States should awake to the impoi-1
 tance of presenting a united front to this
 nation. W e have, too long, allowed our-'
 selves to remain obscure, separated and scat
 tered. W e are not seen by the world, nor bj
 the American people, scarcely, contending
 against oppress on for our own rights, and for
 our elevation. We present no tangible form
 of opposition to siavery; and are known only
 to the world as a divided and apathetic people,
 submitting, without effort, to wrongs which,
 if endured by others, wonld nerve them to the
 adoption of almost any means for (heir redress
 It is quite true, that we have occasionally
 j held colored national conventions, passed re
 solutions, trained addresses, and published
 our proceedings to the world, and it is also
 true, that these conventions have been of
 great service a directing public attention to
 our wrongs, and in awakening an interest in
 our improvement and elevation. But even
 1 these conventions have been l.ttle better than
 failures, for want of previous organization io
 the various localities of the delegates.
 hat we now want, and what we niutt
hare, is a National Union, baaed upon broad
 and well defined prmciplao, which shall unite
 the free people of color throughout this coun
 try in an undivided effort to promote their own
 cause.
 It w a shame to us, that while men are
 struggling for freedom throughout the world,
 even with “carnal weapons,” we are com
 paratively indifferent spectators of our own
 degradation and oppression, and do not even
 put forth a united moral effort in the cause of
 our own freedom; too often forgetting that
 Self-ahttaemcM pave* the way
 To villain hoods and despotic *way-”
 We call upon our brethren to commence, 1
 at once, to organize branches in their various
 localities, with a view to the formation of
 The National League.” If but five persons
 in a town, village or district, can be found in
 favor of a union, we would have them imme-|
 diateiy band together, atid give notice of the
 fact through the columns of The North
 Star.”— f. d.
Father Mathew.
 The invitation extended to this gentleman,
 to attend the celebration of West India Eman
 cipation, (an event grateful to every true
 British heart, as well as to the heart of every j
 lover of mankind.) has called forth a flood of
 the most malignant and bitter denunciation'
 against Win. L. Garrison and the gentlemen
 who acted with him in presenting it. Father 1
 Mathew must (if he has not lost all power of!
 discernment,) see that he has thrown himself
 into the arms of a Hass ot men who are as,
 hostile to the cause of human freedom as the!
 most inveterate despots on earth.
 His reasons lor declining to attend that
 celebration were bad, but the spirit which
 characterizes his defenders is incomparably
 worse. Among the last whom we expected
 to see arrayed in his defence are George
 Bradburn and the editor of the Chronotype;”
 for, although we know them to be most vio
 lent and biller haters of W. L. Garrison, we
 yet supposed that their clear perception of
 truth and duty, and their great admiration of
 straightforwardness and independence, would!
 have lifted them above the paltry position they;
 now occupy. Both Messrs. Bxadburn and
 Wright well understand that the celebration of:
 West India Emancipation in Massachusetts is,
 not a party demonstration; and no men know
 belter than they, that the entertainment of
 disunion views is not made a sine qua non to
 a welcome to the platform on such occasions; j
 yet ihey adduce the revere of all they know 1
 on this point in defence of Father Mathew’s
 refusal to attend the celebration in question.
 Straws show which way the wind blows; a
 chip may tell the direction of the tide. Mr.
 Bradburn, who lectured us sometime since,
 on the ground that we declined to discuss a
 theological question in our columns, because
 the paper is especially devoted to the anti
 slavery cause, would now defend Father
 Mathew from rebuke on account of his being
 especially devoted to the cause of temperance.
 Times have changed: Mr. Bradburn has
 changed with them. Suppose Daniel O’Con
 nell had lived to tread our soil, and to speak
 to the people of thjp country in favor of
 j repeal, and had owned himself opposed to
 “committing himself” on the subject of sla
 very, would George Bradburn and Mr.
 Wright have defended him with the contemp
 tible excuse that he came here especially to
 promote repeal J udging from their present
 j course, we have reason to believe they would
 so have stultified themselves.
 The following extract from a speech deli
 j vered by Mr. Bradburn, in Faneuil Hall,
 seven years since, on the presentation of the
 anti-slavery addiess signed by Father Mathew,
 Daniel O’Connell, and 70,000 otheis, will
 show the high point of detestation of slavery
 from which he has fallen:— f. d.
 Slavery strikes at the interest of every
 laboring man. I want the Irishmen to know
 this. I WISH FATHER MATHEW OR
 DANIEL O’CONNELL WERE HERE
 TO GIVE THIS FACT FIT UTTER
 ANCE. Let me tell you, Daniel
 j O’Connell said in a speech w hich I heard him
 make last year—one of the most noble-hearted
 men that God ever created, for he makes
 moral conduct, not color, the test among men
 He had long desired to visit America, but'
 he would never do so as long as its soil was
 I polluted by the foot-piints of a single slave.
 The American Republican? he regarded as!
 the vilest of hypocrites and the greatest of
 liars.’ .Such is his abhorrence ol
 slayery, that he will not shake hands with
 American slaveholders. With what scornful j
 intonation does he pronounce the very word j
 He considers them, as they are, the basest
 among the base. Again does he send his!
 j voice thundering against the westerly breeze,’ j
 [pointing to the address,] and it rings through
 our meeting to-night. He asks you to join
 me abolitionists to destroy this accursed sys
 tem
failing Him Out!
 Mt. Ward, in a letter addressed to the
 Rev. Henry Highland Garnet, calls upon
 that gentleman to state whether he holds the
 views we attributed to him, (in our remarks!
 upon hi* mission to England,) or not.
 We shall be as happy as Mr. Ward to have,
 Mr. Garnet’s affirmation or den.al of any pari 1
 of the article in question. We aim at all times j
 to give a fair and candid statement of the views
 of an opponent; and if we have misstated him.
 ihe columns of The North Star are open
 to him. The impeachment of Mr. Garnet’s
 motive* was derived legitimately from well
 defined premises and the latter must be over
 thrown before he can escape the charge of
 hollowness and hypocrisy.— f. d.
 Henry Highland Garnet is about to vis
 it Great Bntain, where be is to be employfia
 in lecturing to promote abstinence from ted
 production of Slave Laybor. Mr. Gametthe
 one of the few colored men of this country who
 lias been fortunate enough to acquire a classi
 cal education. He posesse* a vigorous mini
 and i* an able and energetic speaker, but he
 is filled wuh the spirit of violence, and is
 withal an incorrigible priest. He has done
 every thing in his power to injure the reputa
 tion and destroy the influence of Frederick
 Douglas*, by echoing the charge of‘lnfidelity,'
 brought against him by a pro-slavery Church.
 Many of the colored people, unfortunately,are
 bitter sectanans, and Mr. Garnet has done hi*
 worst to array this class in hostility to the elo
 quent Fugitive That he will misrepresent
 and malign Douglas* in Great Bntain we have
 no doubt, and therefore we anticipate that he
 will do vastly more harm than good.—-4. S.
 But’ 1
A slave was arrested on Sanday week in
 New Orleans for playing a fiddle in a coffee
 house, arM thereby violating the Sabbath'
‘Tell your father,’ said John Randolph, to
 a young friend, ‘that I recommend absti
 nence from novel reading and whiskey pooch.
 Depend upon it, nr, they are both injurious to
 the brain
Pedtiirr.
 Will our pedantic friend Brad*urn do us
 the favor to point out the grammatical errors
 which he a/hgrt exist in the following sen
 tence 1 Mr. Bradburn, having disposed of
 our objections to Mr. Carnet, with a maik -d
 love of good English, tnes to mend our gram
 mar, but with as little success as his attempt
 to wipe out the inconsistencies of Mr. Garnet
 Although we defercntitllv accepted one of
 our friend’s corrections, (substituting “either
 by precept or by example for “either by pre
 cept or example,") we by no means regard Jus
 criticisms as just. Perhaps we evince an
 unca’led for sensitiveness in noticing at all
 what Mr. Bradburn miv say of our grammar;
 for we believe he plays the schoolmaster to
 the whole nation. He asks, (in last week's
 paper,) What is the reason that so few of
 our American officials can write like Lord
 Elg.n, or can write English at all 1”! liis
 vanity, on this point, reminds us of a story he
 used to tell, of a lady, who thought that her
 self and the minister were the only persons in
 the church that would get to heaven. He
 evidently thinks that he and John C. Calhoun
 are the or.ly writers of good English in Ame
 rica.—f. n.
Fairs! Fairs! Fain!
 The ladies and friends of the Western New
 \ork Anti-Slavery Society intend to hold a
 Fair at Victor, on Saturday, the Bth of Sep
 tember, at which a large assortment of elegant
 and useful articles will be presented the
 majority of which were made in England,
 Iteland, and Scotland. The friends of the
 slave are earnestly invited to attend.
 The refreshment tables will be amply pro
 vided with delicacies, including ice-cream and
 lemonade.
 Frederick Douglass will hold an anti
 slavery meeting at Victor on the previous
 evening, Friday, September 7th, at seven
 o’clock.
 There will also be an Anti-Slavery Fair
 held at East Bloomfield on Monday, Septem
 ber 10, which will be preceded by an anti
 slavery meeting on Sunday, the 9th inst.
 The energetic co-operation of the anti-sla
 very friends in these towns is earnestly soli
 cited.
The Hyperion.
 This paper, the publication of which we
 noticed favorably five or six weeks ago, has,
 we are are sony to learn, ceased to exist.—
 We have not seen a copy of it since the date
 of our notice, and we conclude that it scarcely
 lived to hear our word of congratulation.
 The frequent failure of papeis started by
 colored persons, has induced us to be tardy
 in noticing their commencement, lest we
 should be almost immediately compelled to
 announce their discontinuance. Why will
 not our brethren unite in supporting one or
 two papers, which shall be a credit to them,
 instead of squandering their mosey and mis
 applying their energy on a multitude of papers
 which can never be supported, and the failure
 of which serves only to abase us in the popu
 lar estimation T f. d.
1 he Executive Committee of the Western
 Anti-Slavery Society ha* issued a very urgent
 and eloquent call for a grand convention of
 the young men and women of Ohio. It is
 truly heart-cheering to observe the spirit and
 perseverance with which these Western Abo
 litionists apply themselves to the work of
 emancipation. Convention after convention is
 held in most rapid succession and the whole
 face of the anti-slavery movement in Ohio
 wears the most lively aspect.
 The convention now' recommended to meet
 at Berlin, Mahoning county on the 21st, 22d
 and 23d of September next, will doubtless be
 a brilliant and powerful demonstration in be
 half of the slave. God speed the Western
 Abolitionists! We shall try to imitate their
 example to the extent of our ability. But we
 are comparatively alone in Western New
 Aork; and, although not disheartened, we
 feel greatly the need of fellow workers in this j
 part of the anti-slavery vineyard.— f. d.
We observe, with pleasure, that the dis
 graceful and dastardly treatment which we
 received, in company with two English friends,
 at the hands of Captain Frederick Stone, on
 board the Alida, some months since, is widely
 exposed and suitably commented upon by a
 most respectable part of the British press.—
 Our skin-deep aristocracy (whose only sense
 of its superiority is found in it* ability to in
 sult colored persons wuh impunity,) receives
 a well merited rebuke from the trana-Atlantic
 press. The description of this brutish out
 rage (found in another column,) copied from
 the Birmingham Mercury,” i*, in every re
 spect, true. Out upon the miserable pretence
 of the American people to liberality and civi
 lization It is all stuff! The man must have
 the heart of a tiger who could sit down at the
 table, satisfy his own hunger, and chuckle
 with delight, as did the passengers on board
 the Alida, becane a colored brother was re
 fused food I—f. 1 f. D.
Ihe Cuba Project.—A letter written
 from New York, to the Washington Union,
 makes some rather remarkable additions to
 the prevatbng rumors, respecting this affair.
 He sa?s, that a large uumber of w’ealthy
 Creole families are preparing to assert the in
 dependence of the island on the first favor
 able opportunity and have bought a large
 quantity of arm*, military siores, Ac., in this
 country and in England. He says also
 “There are now a large number of wealthy
 and patriotic Creole* of the island in the if.
 States, ostensibly traveling for pleasure, but
 really picking men out of among those who
 distinguished themselves in the Mexican war,
 whose names and experiences would, if iden
 tified in the first movement, be likely at once
 to create a deeper sympathy in their cause in
 the breast of the American people, while it
 could not fail to inspire confidence in their ul
 timate success on the part of all residents of
 the island.”
The Missouri Republican gives further m
 foitnahon respecting the movement, and those
 concerned to it.
 “It is stated to us that a company of fit teen
 hundred men is beineenrolled in N. Orleans,
 who are to serve twelve months, and be paid
 one thousand dollars each for the year. They
 are informed that they ate to fight, but not
 told against who.u ibetr wartare is to be
 directed. It is said that half a million of dol
 lars are on deposit m the anal Band, to uae
 in the enterprise. Nearly the full comple
 ment of men baa been obtained, and it is
 probable that devekipn&amp;enu will aoon be
 made aa to the design of the expedition
The Pence C ongre«s In Pan?
 This enterprise bids fair to prove a mevt
 efficient demonstration in favor of petmaiert
 peace among tie iat ion? The 2lst of Au
 gust will .mother auspicious rlav in
 th? anna!? ol the ami hi'? progress, and not a
 few will be found ii i* tftf-r to refer to it is
 the day when the old and n&lt;*w world united
 in the tr representatives to unfurl the standard
 of universal p«mc*&gt; on the most warlke foil
 in the world Ihr delegates from America
 (many of whom are already on their way)
 will be headed by theveoeiable Joshua Gid
 ding?. Esq, the father of the House of Hep
 i reseniatives, and oiher gentlemen of influence
 in the I ruled .Slate*. It is expected that they
 will ihiml»er iot less than one hundred per
 sons. Richard Cobdeii, Erq, M. P.. W.
 Ewart. Esq, M. P.. Charles Htmllev,
 Esq.. MP. and several men.hers of the House
 of Commons, have signified their intention of
 attending the Vongress.beisdt s a large num
 ber of other influential gentlemen from the
 provinces, the know ii leader? ot public op
 pinion in their several localities. The com
 mittee of arrangements have evidenilv com
 bined economy with comfort in engaging a!i
 the expenses ol railway t.ansit each way,
 and the hotel accomodation in Paris for one
 1 week.at—for the first classfl/. 10s. and second
 class, 5/. 10s. While a great object is ad
 vocated, this arrangement makes it at the
 same time one of the cheapest “trijs” ever
 vet undertaken.
 A committee of organization lias been form
 ed in Paris, consisting ot MM. Horace Say,
 Bouvet, Girardio. Cnevalier. Garnter.Victor-
 Lefranc, and other eminent men, ail of whom
 have manifested a deep interest tn the subject
 They have opened up an extensive cotrts
 pondence with leading men in Germany,Hol
 land, Belgium and the French Departments,
 and the respon es havebeen most encouraging
 The direct authorisation ol the French
 Goverment for the holding of the Congress
 i has now been given through the medium ot
 the Minister of the Interior, who gave his
 consent with ttic inmost readiness. The
 friends of the undertaker, therefore, have the
 greatest reason to he encouraged, and to go
 forward, strong in the assurance that the
 Congress at Paris will deal another success
 ful blow at the most monstrous system that
 can disgrace the civilized world.— London
 Standard of Freedom
 Strike for Wages. The Chionotyp c
 gives a report of a meeting of Journeymen
 Tailors and Sempstresses, recently held in
 Faneuil Hall, from which it appears that
 England can no longer boast (us it has been
 sometimes said she might do) of being the
 j only country in the world that starves her
 workmen Equality-loving America bids fair
 to rival, if not to outshine her in the glory of
 1 that bad pre-eminence One of ihe speakers
 exhibited articles made for the clothing esta
 blishments in Boston, and stated the low
 I
 prices which were paid for making them.
 He showed vests that were actually put toge
 ther for the enormous surn ot—what think
 you, reader 1 twenty cents For the informa-
 I tion of our English friends, we mav say that
 i this is elevenpence sterling shirts for seven
 cents —fourpenco sterling Ac.
 There are tw o cures for this state of things
 both in this country and in England—less
 competition and more honesty. Ihe first is,
 in this country easily gained—not so easily in
 the Old World There are thousands of acres
 in the West and far est, calling, as it were,
 j to the sickly and struggling inhabitants of
 our cities, Gome, cultivate us Why will
 men stick bv a calling that does not yield
 them a livelihood 1 They might have learn
 ed by this time, that when they can’t get a
 fair remuneration for their kind of work,
 there are too many at it. The remedy, a*
 before observed, is comparatively easy in this
 country. Strikes can't much mend the mat
 ter. When successful, they are, at best,
 only a partial and temporary relict from tha
 evil. He who would eradicate the disease
 must cut deeper. A proper distribution ot
 labor would doubtless be the best remedy
 but failing of that, as we aie likely to do for
 many years to come, it seems that the best
 course for each to pursue is to do what will
 be most productive. Then let the unem
 ployed or ill-paid citizen take his spade on
 his shoulder, and his axe in his hand, and
 make the woods ring with the echo of fall
 ing trees, arid the upturned earth will speedi
 ly bloom under his persevering labor, and
 bring forth abundantly, ft is as shameful
 as it is irrational, that any should be unem
 ployed, when there is so much to be done.
 If individual means are not sufficient for this
 purpose, let them be supplied by the .State
 In the end, as is abundantly obvious without
 illustration, even a large outlay will be amply
 repaid.—j. l&gt;.
 The Kentucky Movement. —The result
 of the election of delegates to the proposed
 Convention for the revision of the Constitution,
 has turned out even worse than the least aan
 gums auticipated. It i? supposed that not a
 single candidate of the emancipation party
 has succeeded. But great good has doubt
 less been done by the vigorous agitation ol
 the subject of slavery, which this movement
 called into being. The ude must turn in
 that state ere long. There are many good
 and true men in Kentucky who are not to be
 discouraged by such an apparent defeat. Our
 hope is, that the knowledge which this re
 sult imparls of the strength of slavery in
 their midst, will lead them to redoubled and
 more energetic effort If u*e leaders in this
 cause only learn from henceforth to have
 mote faith in the power ol a great principle,
 and taking the higitest [ground ot right, to leave
 expediency to demagogues and politician*,
 they will gain, and the cause of the slave
 will gam more than u loses, by the defeat ol
 this movement. i. u.
 Official Colorfhobia.—-Th* aeculitr pa
 per* are discussing, w t th an earnestness
 which indicates the strength that the anii-eia
 very feeling ba?e acquired, the refusal ot
 Secretary Clayton to give a passport to a
 colored freeholder of Pennsylvania,who desire
 ♦d to go abroad. 1« is pleasing to oteeive, in
 this discussion, that both accusers and apoo!
 ogista of the Secretary conduct, take special
 pains to abhor th* deed. The cowardlv sub
 serviette* it evinces to slaveholdmg pride and
 prejudice, finds no favor with either political
 party at the North Ihe pressure of opif.-
 lon has reachtsi even the Secreiary himself,
 who has been const rained tojustitv his course,
 by *n appeal to the usage ot the Department
 I hi» has been proved untrue—several mstan
 ces ol passport* given to colored citizens,
 and in some instances by Secretaries, them
 selves slaveholders, having been cited But
 what if precedents were against it' No one
 pretends that these arc of binding authority,
 and any man, whose mind was not tainted
 with unworthy prejudice, or iiiVarrd by feat
 of the South, would on his own im
 pulses if jusnee arid right, have granted the
 passport. It would not in the lea?t extenuate
 the conduct of Mr Clayton, if his line ol pro
 cedents had l*-*n broken We hope that so
 i liberal a man a»Mr. Clayt**n. will be
 1 ashamed of his prejudice, and that the mdtg
 nation with which such paltry mjusuc* i* ts
 garded. will put au end lu ibis absurd defer
 i ence to the supposed w ishes of slaveholder!
 pod neg T- halers—.V Y Ftangihn
"
