"Foreran New* of ihf
 l hf fanada apt- Judkins.) arrived at
 u Yotk, on Thursday morning. the 23d
 ir]it SP ,i buns'- a week'* latet intelligence
 f .-n Europe
 I Hie ratifications of a treaty ol
 (&lt;v an- «■-&gt;nmorce were exchanged on ih*
 Ui r s'. between (treat Bntain and the
 X(M nt j Hcpublto ol Liberia. The article!
 were signed h) I-»rd Palmerston and Hon. C
 l.aboueheie on the part of Great Britain, ant
 bv Joseph Jenkins Huberts on the pan of th«
 \f:ioan Repuolio ill not the governmen
 ..1 these United States, bv a similar act. ontoi
 i.pon their first instalment of j istico to th*.
 tailored race Such a treatv entered into b&gt;
 tins fountrv, would be a graceful act. a?* ab
 staining from all recognition and acknowledg
 ment of the infant colored republic will sene
 in render more indelible tiic sterna aflixed to
 the American name, and be an additional proof
 oi the unyielding supremacy of pro-slavery
 counsels in the Cabinet. I'he treatment o!
 Ibvii docs not give much encouragement on
 th.s point. It »s a burning disgrace to this
 sha r-republican, professedly equality-loving
 on&lt; that to thi« day, there never has been
 v acknowledged emissaiy trom Hayti re
 rt. VP i at Washington, nor any recognition
 whaler ‘d the existence rf such a State.—
 Piobably the Calhouns, and McDuffies, and
 r»vlors. are afraid (ami not without reason,)
 U,a: they might be outdone in intelligence,
 refinement, and m real manliness of character,
 by a black Hay turn ambassador. What a
 bl o w it would be to their arrogant pretensions
 of extraordinary intelligence, if they found
 themselves outstripped bv a half-man-halt
 xnonkey. Let them by all means adhere to
 their present course a change might l*e dan
 gerous The truth, as long as it can be hid
 den, IS |ust as innocuous as if it had rio exis
 tence they wrap tf up.'' Cholera is
 su'd prevalent and on the increase in London.
 The Times reports 265 and 110 deaihs
 on the yth of August; and in other parts ol
 F.ngland and in Scotland, for the same
 r.y, r3 e&lt;i and 241 deaths. Harvest had
 roiittncnced in the south and south-western
 pails of England, with the prospect of a more
 than average crop. All tears respecting the
 had subsided. There are here and
 ihere instances ol the disease, but the aspect
 ol the crop is generally healthy and promising.
 \s a iesult of this, the demand lor Indian corn
 has fallen off 10s. per quarter. The price for
 wheat has also fallen off considerably, more,
 however, in consequence of the anticipation
 of a large foreign supply, than because of any
 present abundance. Ihe papers give very full
 accounts of the Queen's progress in Ireland.
 The royal party arrived at Cork on the 2nd
 inst at night, where the authorities were
 caught napping, as they had not expected the
 visit so soon by twenty-four hours. The
 royal squadron sailed trom ork on Saturday,
 and arrived at King; ion on Sunday evening.
 The day following, Her Majesty and suite
 disembarked and proceeded to Dublin by rail
 way. The reception of the Queen at Cork,
 Kingston, and Dublin, was enthusiastic in
 the highest degtee. The poor, ignorant, but
 generous mm! impulsive Irishman, can shout a
 welcome to royalty, even m his rags. hat
 real good, if any, lie supposes this Queen’sj
 visit will do him, it is rather difficult to,
 imagine. As a political mano-uvre, it may,|
 and doubtless will, have its use. The popu-j
 larity of the Whig government will without
 doubt be thereby promoted, and the carrying
 out of Whig measures for ameliorating the
 condition of' that suffering portion of lier
 Majesty’s subjects, will be in some measure
 rendered more easy. But ibis is probably all.
 ]t would he much, however, if there were
 any prospect of the present ministry really
 taking the difficulty in hand in earnest. Bui
 this vvoik must be reserved, it is to be feared,
 from any prospect which as yet presents itself,
 for a man of larger calibre and more compre
 hensive and generous sympathies than Lord
 John Russell. He is as good a premier as
 anybody else, when there is nothing to do;
 but he has no soul for a gieat enterprise.
 The Liverpool commercial summary says that
 every department of trade continues in a
 healthy state. The manufacturing districts
 are actively employed, and there is a good
 demand for cotion and woollen goods. Money
 it abundant, but in little demand.
 France.— On the 3d inst., the Minister ol
 Finance laid before the Assembly a statement
 of the Treasury, showing that during the last
 ten years there had been a constantly increas
 ing deficit. It appears that the revolution of
 lu; ,ear has added 265 millions to the expen
 ditures, and reduced the proceeds of the indi
 rect taxes 150 millions M de Lamartine
 has, it is said, been compelled to obtain trom
 the Legislative Assembly an unlimited leave
 ot absence, m order to sell his estate, and
 liquidate his pecuniary engagements. The
 editor ot a paper named Le People has been
 a second time condemned by default to fLe
 years’ imprisonment and ti.OOOf. fine, for
 having published articles exciting the citizens
 to hatred of ihe government, to civil war, &amp;c.
 The President has returned to Paris from his
 visit to the Western Provinces. Some of the
 French journals say that this visit has turned
 &lt;-,tt a failure, and thereupon found the conclu'
 -ion, that the country is not ripe for an Em
 peror, whatever it may be for a King A
 new political paper will appeal m Paris m
 the yoth of September, which will advocau
 the views of the Legitimist party This i:
 lather significant of the growing popularity o
 that cause The President, referring to th&lt;
 rumors which were floating about, relative t&lt;
 an intended elfoit of the Administration t«
 change the lorui ot government, denies tin
 charge, and Have foreign armies in
 vaded our territories’ Is France lorn b)
 war Is the law without vigor, and th«
 government without force No we are noi
 n condition to mnsMtaH- such heroic reme
 dies General Hoaiolau has appointee
 Commander-m duel of the army in Italy, li
 i lie place *&lt;t (icn Gudinot, because, as ta said
 of the inability of the latter t„ w o «k in har
 mony wall the Pope, who ha- always looked
 upon him with -u-p.rion A l.ange of Min
 isters is very generally looked lor M Mule
 it is said, will be Prune-Minister.
 It*M .—The Pope was expected to i. iun
 to the capitol on the 10th nisi I heJParisiai
 correspondent ol tin Morning Jlciald write;
 that orders have been issued lor the return o
 a considerable portion ol the army from Italy
 'i i.iis the Hera d’s correspondent thinks, rna;
 he ittnhuted chiefly to the unceasing rernon
 atrances of the British government, whici
viewed with great occupa
 pat ion of Rome. Geo. Ovidinot U un.versally
 unpopular amongst all parties.
 SwrritßLAsn. —Difficulties, it seems, have
 arisen beiween this country and Germany,
 though the precise ground* of the quarrel do
 not now appear. An extraordinary session
 of the Federal Assembly commenced on the
 Ist inst. The levy of tmopa which had been
 made was unanimously approved of. The
 French Ambassador has made a communica
 tion. on the part of his government, to the
 President of the Confederation, to the effect
 that he advised the termination of the dispute
 as speedily as possible, and at any price.
 France, he says, looks with displeasure upon
 the armament, as keeping up the revolutionary
 spirit, and producing a useless agitation. The
 Swiss General Du four has published a proc
 lamation, in which he tells the troops that
 their present duty will be to protect the fron
 tiers.
 Hungary. —The state of affairs in this
 country is still very difficult to be understood.
 The war is still being carried on, with various
 success on both sides. It seems to be ascer
 tained, however, that on the 4th inst. a sharp
 attack was made upon the Austrian garrison
 at Raab, which resulted in that city falling
 into the hands of the Hungarians; and they
 found in it 80,000 bushels of oats, 2,400 head
 of cattle, and large stores of miscellaneous
 provisions, which they carried to the citadel
 of Cotnoin. They captured, also, six guns,
 and took two companies of Austrian Infantry
 prisoners. Bern has also taken possession, as
 it is said, of Hermanstadt and Cronstadt. The
 Austrians lost in this engagement 10,000
 killed and wounded, nearly all their artillery,
 and 8,000 prisoners. Upon the whole, the
 position and prospects of the Hungarians
 seem to be improving. The intelligence,
 however, is not entirely to be relied upon.
 Ttiere is evidently much intentional or ignor
 ant misstatement on all sides—probably the
 most to, on the side of the Hungarians, the
 spmpailiy of the British journals, from which
 the news is gathered on this side of the At
 lantic, (being all or nearly all in their favor,)
 with the best intentions is distorted and ex
 aggerated to meet the wishes, perhaps more
 than the knowledge of the writers. From the
 other countries of Europe there is nothing
 of sufficient importhoce to demand special
 notice. j. d.
Communications.
Brooklyn, L. 1., Aug 28, 1849.
 Mu. Editor:— Two weeks since, there
 appeared in the Irish American (published by
 P. Lynch, an Irish refugee, for which 1
 honor him) an attack upon abolitionists gen
 erally, and more particularly upon William
 Lloyd Garrison and Frederick Doug
 lass, denouncing them for denouncing oth
 ers as the greatest enemies to and the great- 1
 est obstacles in the way of speedy emancipa- j
 non. A colored young man of this place
 replied to Mr. L., defending the motives and
 to some extent the measures of the aboli
 tionists, though disapproving the particular
 act that gave birth to the articles above men
 tioned, vjz Mr. Garrison’s mission to invite
 Father Mathew to attend the anti-slavery
 festival at Worcester. This brought out the
 I. A. in a long explanation, withdrawing his
 censure of motives, and only censuring the
 measures of Messrs. Garrison and Douglass.
 He says, that Wm. Lloyd Garrison and
 Frederick Douglass are the greatest enemies
 to abolition and the greatest friends to the
 continuance of slavery in America, of all I
 living men. One threatens the dissolution of
 the Union. Fot this he should be attainted
 as a traitor. Frederick Douglass threatens a
 slave insmreclion, together with an invasion
 of all the colored races of the West Indian
 and South American Islands, to tear up and
 destroy everything American, and slay with
 out remorse every white man. The writer
 of this heard him more than once broach this
 doctrine.” We would like the Irish Ameri
 can to point out one recorded speech of F.
 D.’s, containing an avowal of such doctrine.
 We confess we have never heard nor read
 such threats coming from him, and hardly
 think that it can be produced. It is very con
 venient to assert; now for the proof.
 Mr. L.’s recommendation that Mr. Garrison
 be attainted as a tiaitor, besides being uncon
 stitutional and anti-iepublican, comes with an
 ill grace from him, being himself an exile for
 advocating a dissolution of the British Union,
 (Great Biitain and Ireland;), and speaking as
 he does in the most eulogistic terms of
 O’Brien, Mitchell, Meagher, and others who
 are attainted as traitors and doomed exiles for
 threatening the British United Kingdom with
 insurrection, and an invasion of all the race
 of sympathizers.”
 It is a fact, that a parchment union exists
 I between England and Ireland. It is also a
 I fact, that a written compact exists between
 the North and the South and it is equally a
 1 fact, in morals, that tbe support of good men
 to |such unions depends upon wheiher they
 promote civil, social and rekgiuua liberty, and
 secure individual and conventional rights.—
 it was ard is the opinion of Messrs. O’Brien,
 Mitchell, Meagher, and compatriots, that the
 union of England with their native country
 was and is fraught with evil; that it enables
 the few (whom they rightfully denounce as
 j traitors to their country) to trample upon and
 I tyrannize over the many, for which they re
 j ceive the title of “good loyal subjects to their
 i rightful soveieign.” They believe that the
 union is abominable and intolerable, and that
 the people have a right to dissolve it by any
 ineaus Providence has permuted them to have
 control of, and if failing, it shall not be lor
 want of their support to the death, if neces
 sary, as a sacred duty to their country, to
 their countrymen, and to their God. How
 noble —What exalted patriotism Even he
 who holds that no reform is worth the spilling
 of one drop of human blood for, must feel m
 the inmost recesses of his heart an admiration
 for that devotion with which they offer up
 themselves upon the altar of their country’s
 hcerty. For my part, I love to dwell upon
 their memories whilst they yet live, and be
 lieve that they will be honored for their hero
 ism as long as there is a heart to leel, a head
 to dictate, a hand to write, an eye to see, or
 I ail ear to hear the English language, what
 ever may lie the views of its possessor in re
 lation to mural or physical suasion. Who
 believes them to be fanatics’ who that they
 i are enemies to or obstacles in tbs way of
1 their coentry’• enfranchisement* The no
 bler heart give* the lie to the baser tongue*’
 of the loyalist who uttera it. Where ia the
 Irishman who dares say that they should be
 attainted as traitors* They might troly say
 to such—No, we are not traitors but in our
 ardent loTe to our country, we proclaim him
 one' Messrs. Garrison, Douglas? and com
 patriots believe that the unhallowed and ini
 quitous Union entered into between the North
 and South, is fraught with evil; that it ena
 bles the few (300,000 slaveholders) to traro
 t pis upon and tyrannize over the many, (non
 slaveholders and 3,000,000 slaves.) They
 want no other weapons than truth, “the coals
 of which they scatur broadcast over the na
 lion’s heart,” together with the influeuce and
 testimony of good humane men, such as they
 1 believed Father Mathew to be, who hate
 slavery, as well as other evils, and are wil
 1. ling at all times to give their voices and influ
 ence against it, regardless of indignant
 frowns” or any amount of odium that may be
 5 cast upon them—men who would rather be
 right than popular, consistent than comforta
 ble. They also believe that this Union is
 abominable and intolerable; and, by hypothe
 sis, that if the Revolutionary fathers of this
 1 country were right in throwing off by physical
 force an oppression which, when compared
 with American slavery, one hour's endurance
 of the latter is more than ages of the former.
 then ate the slaves and all sympathizers,
 without respect to color or division of race,
 justified in using the same means (all others
 failing) to remove slavery.
 These are parallel cases they have points
 j parallel and equi-distant, are situated in the
 same plane, run parallel, equidistant, and
 therefore must be equal. Can you approve
 the one, and condemn the other 7 Can you
 adjudge Mr. O’Brien and compatriots as
 worthy of all praise, for advocating the disso
 lution of oppressive ties, and condemn Mr.
 Garrison and compatriots, for the same thing*
 Can these be fanatics, and those escape 7 can
 one party be enemies to what they profess to
 desire, without subjecting the other io the
 same charge 7 The mercenary, time-serving,
 truculent, scribbling suppliant must be aware
 of its falseness whilst he pens it. The
 memory of the fearless champions of univer
 sal freedom, whose exalted patriotism impels
 them to be loyal to right, to humanity, and
 to God, rather than to compacts and to kings,
 to ties and tyranny, both transand cis-atlantic,
 will be cherished and perpetuated; while that!
 I of their traducers will rot w ith their w orthless
 carcases. In regard to the particular of the
 Boston abolitionisis, I differ alike from the
 editoi of the I. A. and his correspondent.—
 'From the previous writings of Father Ma
 i thew, they had a right to invite and to expect.
 j him to be present at their gathering, and re
 peat his testimony against slavery. They
 j had no right to presume that one bearing such
 a reputation as a reformer and a Christian
 would he deterred either by indignant
 frowns” or any amount of odium that he
 might have been subjected to from advocating
 anything that his convictions urged him to
 subscribe to, and bate his breath, and cringe
 his knee.
 They supposed, very naturally, that to all
 such frown and odium, he would exclaim
 “We speak the truth, we will be Iteard,
 Though all creation crack,
 We will not bate a single word,
 Or take a letter hack.
 We speak the truth, and what care we
 For hissing and for seem,
 Whilst some faint gleaming we can see
 Of Freedom’s coining morn!
 Let liars fear —let cowards shrink—
 Let iraitors turn away;
 Whatever we have dared to think,
 That dare wc also say.”
 Mr. Lynch, while condemning Mr. O’Con- j
 nell for bringing the anti-slavery question into
 Repeal Associations, admits his right to have
 gone on the anti-slavery platfoim, or to have
 called meetings for that special object. If j
 Mr. O. had such rights, why not Father
 Mathew* Did the abolitioniets ask Father
 Mathew to introduce the subject of slavery
 in a repeal, temperance, or any other than
 an anti-slavery meeting They simply in
 vited him to attend and partake of their hos-,
 pitality, and thns throw the weight of his in- 1
 fluence against slavery. Was this asking too
 much of the man who called upon his brethren j
 in this country to identify themselves with the
 j abolitionists 7 Was this entrapping or at- 1
 tempting to inveigle him into snares 7 I love i
 the temperance cause as much as Mr. Lynch
 and others, who seem so solicitous about the
 singleness of Father Mathew’s mission but
 I love to see it advocated by men who are so
 convinced of its beneficence that they cannot
 be frightened by the frowns of lumsellers, or
 seduced by the smiles of rumdrinkers into si
 lence or indifference.
 In reply to Pluleleutherus, 1 would re
 mark that it is not enough that Father Ma
 thew breakfasted F. Douglass in Ireland, took
 him by the hand in Brooklyn, or received a
 deputation of colored gentlemen at the Irving
 House any slaveholder, on a like mission,
 might do the same without impairing his
 standing with Mr. Calhoun Co. I well
 remember how kindly I have been received,
 and taken upon the knee and by the hand, and
 breakfasted by slaveholders, when a boy, at
 the South. This, although an evidence of the
 absence of prejudice against color, was not
 ••more effective testimony against slavery than
 the roost labored denunciation, such as Mr.
 Garrison would approve.” 1 suppose that
 Father Mathew has no more prejudice against
 a black coat or black boots, than slaveholders
 have against the same, or white slaves. It is
 worthy of remaik, that Mr. L. is opposed to
 inconsistencies
 Yours for Liberty and Reform J C. H.
Joseph Barkfr. —Most of our readers will
 remember the honorable mention made by
 our Dublin Correspondent, R D. Webb,
 of this English Reformer, and those of them
 to whom he is personally known, will be
 glad to learn of hi* arrival in this country.
 He proposes to remain several months, and
 w ill pass most of his time in the Western
 States, in the examination of lands and lo
 calities, with a view to a future permanent
 settlement in this country w ith a eolooy com
 posed mainly of his own class. We bespeak
 for him the hospitality and kind attentions of
 .»ur friends who may happen to meet with
 him. The section of country eventually that
 counts him and his companions as among it*
 citizens will be a fortunate one. ProbaOly no
 other inan in England exercises a wider in
 fluence there among the laboring classes, and
 should he remove to the I mied States, he
 will not (ail to make himself felt in the wider
 field opened to the exercise of his energy sod
 talents.— 'A, 8 Standard 4
ELrrrio!i Riot is Loiurriixt. Kr.— Jett
 before die &lt;»pcnm? of ths poll* yesterday morn
 ing, some convention commenced between
 some persons in a crowd, sr»d a man who ex
 pressed his intention to vote the Emancipation
 ticket. At tins moment, Paul .Seymour,
 publisher of the Examiner, who was stand
 ing near by, raised his bat from his herd and
 accidentally dropped some eb-etton tickets on
 the ground While stooping to pick them up.
 he was assaulted, and as be rose he made an
 effort to escape, but was followed by several
 who struck him with sticks as he ran. De
 fore reaching the opposite side of the street,
 Mr. Seymour succeeded in getting a revolver
 out of his pocket, and turning round, he shot
 Mr. Preslev Means in the breast He wa?
 immediately knocked down and stamped and
 beaten until he was senseless, when he was
 earned into a house near by. Mr. A. J. Bal
 lard, who was near by, rushed to t!&gt;c assis
 tance of Mr. Seymour.aod discharged a pistol
 but without effect, at Mr. Jos. Selvage, who
 was kicking Mr. Seymour. Selvage then
 picked up Seymour's pistol, which was ly
 ing on the ground, and discharged it at Mr. j
 Ballard,|who was in few momenta there
 after knocked down and had his head severe
 ly cut. During the melee several pistols
 were discharged, and a boy some 14 or 15
 years of age. a son of Mi. Ovid dark, was
 shot through the hack. The wound it is
 feared, will prove mortal.
 Mr. Means’ wound is quite a severe one,,
 although not considered dangerous.—Louis
 rilie Courier. August nth.
Blac k Dan. The Hon. Thomas Corwin
 has been somewhat notorious or a couiplex
 j ion so nearly approaching the sable that he
 has often been subjected to inconvenience and
 even insult io consequence. It now appears
 i that another Senator belongs to that proscri
 bed class. A few days ago the Hon. Dan’l
 W ebster and family went to Edgartown, for
 the benefit of their health, as well as to tke
 a little recieation. On arriving at the Hotel
 the landlord was sent for to accertain if the
 Senator could be accommodated. He came,
 but casting his eyes upon the swarthy coun
 tenance of the “God-like expressd his sur
 prise that the driver should bring black men
 to his house, and suggested the propriety of
 taking him to some of the huts “up back
 there.” After some difficulty he was made
 to understand that a bona fide Senator was be
 fore him; and then a change came over the
 spirit of his dream. Theie was plenty of
 room, attentive waiters, an obsequious land
 lord, and everything else in readiness that the
 heart of man can wish. It ts well for these
 honorable gentlemen that they live in the
 country, where the color of the skin is not
 particulatly objectionable.— Rochester Adver
 tiser.
Notices.
Anti-Slavery Lectures and Fairs.
 Frederick Dovglvss will visit and lectuie,
 and Fairs w ill be held, under the management
 i of the Ladies of the W. N. Y. A. S. Society,
 at the following places in the course of next
 month namely
 East Bloomfield, lecture, Sep. 4th.
 I trion, lecture. Sep. sth.
 Palmyra, 6th.
 Victor, 7th.
 Fait, Bth.
 Oswego, Lectuie, Thursday and Friday,
 Sept. 13th and 14th.
 Fulton Village, Lecture, Sunday and Mon
 day, 16th and 17th.
 Mount Morris, Lecture, Thursday, 20th.
 Fair, Friday, 21st.
 Caledonia, Lecture, Sunday, 23d.
 Scottsville, Monday, 24th.
 Fair, Tuesday, 25th.
 Honeoye Falls, Lecture, Thursday, 27&lt;h.
 Fair, Friday, 28th.
 Lockport—day not fixed.
An appettl in behalf of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Fair.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slavery
 in this land, and being deeply convinced that,
 this result can only be accomplished by renew-;
 ed efforts to change our present corrupt moral
 sentiment, the undersigned members and'
 friends of the Western New York Anti-slaverv
 Society, again, make their appeal to the
 friends of the Slave in behalf of their annual
 Bazaar, which will be held in Rochester in,
 December next.
 While we have been cheered and gladdened
 bv the progress already made, and the good,
 already done, and while we rejoice to observe
 that liiends have been raised up to plead the
 cause of the bondman among persons, and in
 quarters where we had least expected them,
 we still see “the harvest to be great and the
 laborers to be lew,” and instead of relaxing
 our efforts we are impressed with a sense of
 the duty of doubling our diligence, ana ap
 plying more closely our energy to the means
 i of advancing this holy cause.—We appeal the
 mote boldly to our friends because those for]
 j whom we plead cannot plead for themselves.
 While we are surrounded by our domestic
 circle, with none to molest or make us afraid,]
 there are three millions of men and Women in
 our own land, doomed to abject slavery and
 chains, robbed of every right—civil—social—
 personal—and political. Remembering those
 in bonds as bound with them, we desire to
 plead their causa as though they were on our
 own limbs and the knotted lash were applied
 to our own backs.
 While to obtain means for enlightening the
 I public mind, is the strong motive for holding 1
 our annual Fair, it is not the only one. A
 great amount of good may be traced directly
 Ito such occasions. Many who are now ac
 j live workers in behalf of this holy movement
 became first interested in it through ihe in
 strumentality of those annual exhibitions of
 anti-slavery industry, tact and skill.
 The present object of the Rochester anti
 slavery Bazaar is lor the general enlighten
 ment of the public mind on the subject of sla
 very. Recognizing the North Siai,(published
 in this city) as an efficient Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, we propose that the funds
 raised by the Sale of articles at the Bazaar
 (on behalf of which we here appeal) shall be
 mainly appropriated to the suppport ol that
 important paper.
 We gratefully acknowledge the prompt as
 sistance rendered to our last Fair by our
 friends and coadjutors in various parts of our
 own State, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and we
 earnestly solicit their continued co-operation
 with us in the good work. That no time may
 be lost, we especially recommend to them tue
 I immediate jormanon of tew ing circles in their
 various towns with a view to making articles
 for the Rochester Bazaar. We would also
 lQ js connection render our heartfelt thanks
 to our British friends for the valuable aid ex
 tended by them to our last year’s Fair, and
 I would agur) warmly solicit their generous
 assistance. It due to our Iran*-Atlantic
 friends to say that for much of the interest felt
 in our last Bazaar we were indebted to them,
 and we are persuaded that their continued
 co-operation will essentially promote the suc
 cess of our approaching December Bazaar,and
 the advancement of the cause of the slave in
 oU \Ve°lhopj that the foregoing appeal will
 ■commend iuelf to our philanthropic Atendson
 both sides of the Atlantic, and that they will
 cordially unite with us in the effort here pro
 posed
 r Re#* oot —uigiorKHJ* rest
 Innrrvr* tlw mou,
 «s truffle —’ut God’* t*4*«t'
 Fill up life** little «pan
 VV»ib 6.*i-like ilev.ls—it it the te»t
 Te*t of the htfli burs soul,
 An i luftj »nn
 The rc.-t is hi*lory’* scroll
 Of every honored taw—
 None I the Brave *h*H via the goal!
 Signed on tehx f of the
AfPWI of Ike Pklladeifkia VaiociaUai
 The “YY mnrti’s Association of Philadel
 phia” appeal to a benevolent public, and to
 the friend? of the Slave everywhere, to i»d
 them in their ippmarhiaff Fair. the ob
 ject of which is to sustain the “North Star
 To those who are familiar with ibe pa?es ol
 this paper tt is unnecesary to speak of it*
 merit. To those who have not weo it we
 may say, that we regard it as one of the very
 best auti-slaverv instrumentalities now in the
 field.
 We are the more interested m it, because
 the editor is one ut our oppressed race, and
 admirably qualified It y his talents and moral
 worth, to perform with credit the arduous
 task of editing a paper devoted to our eleva
 tion. We believe and trust that our friends
 will give us their liberal aid.
 To our own people we look earnestly and
 hopefully. Sisters, Brothers, shall we look
 in vain 1 The iron baa entered into your souls.
 Ye go heavily, bowed down to the very dust,
 dispirited, crushed by the weight of oppres
 sion. Ye hear the taunts of the enemy,
 “They are so ignoraat and unrefined! They
 are jealous of one other! Yes, they unite
 but it is only to put down one who is more
 intellectual than the mass'’' Prove bv the
 unerring langutge of conduct that these as
 sertions so often thrown in our faces arc ma
 licious slanders. Sustain F. Douglass, be
 cause his talents and correct principles de
 mand your respect and confidence. Sustain
 him because it is right to do so, and because
 of :he sweet peace the performance of so wor
 thy an action will assuredly bring it into your
 bosoms.
 The Fair will be held on Christmas week.
 Donations for it may be sent to
 HARRIET SMITH, 319 Lombard-street,
 RACHEL LLOYD, 303 Pine-stieet,
 AMY M. CASSEY", 113 Lomhard-street,
 Or to any member of the Association.
 Elizabeth Appe, Lydia Ann Bcstill,
 Mary Barrott, Hetty Birr,
 Louisa Bristol, Hplen Johnson,
 Hester Bi still, Eliza Jones,
 Charlotte Mills.
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS, Cor, Sec’y.
 No 54 Mullberry st.
 Philadelphia, Cth mo., 25, 1849.
Like the Telegraph.—W B. Sloan—
 Dear sir: Your Ointment goes “like the
 Telegraph.” Enclosed please find cash for
 the payment of two dozen of your Horse Oint
 ment, 1 dozen of Family Ointment, and 1-2
 dozen Condition Powde.s—deliver them to
 the bearer Y T ours, &amp;e.,
 P. G. YOUNG.
 Bloomington, 111. Oct. 11th, 1949.
 Er See Agents names at the head of
 Sloan’s Column. For further particulars and
 testimonials, get Pamphlets of agents.
DIED
On Friday, August 3, in Sandusky City, of
 cholera, Mr. DAVID BURNER.
 Mr. Burner was a young man highly esteemed
 for his many good qualities. He endeared himself
 to bis friends by the amiability of demeanor which
 on all occasions marked his conduct. As an anti
 slavery man, he was devoted to the cause, and with
 a willing hand and cheerful heart, always contribu
 ted his mite to the furtherance of those righteous
 principles for which we contend. In his death*
 society has to mourn the loss of a good member. He
 leaves behind him a large circle of devoted friends j
 to mourn his untimely end. He died, as he lived,
 peaceably and calmly, in the hope of a happy re
 ward. R 1
Commercial.
Rochester August 31, 1849.
 gfThcre has been a fair amount of business doing
 for the past week, for this season of tiie year.
 Our Dry Goods Merchants are receiving large
 supplies of Fall Goods of every variety and discre
 tion. TlieJ present, large demand, and a desire to
 do a large business at a small profit, enables them
 to sell all kinds of goods remarkably low Dry
 Goods arc probably sold as low at retail in this
 city, as at any place in the United States.
 FI.OUR and MEAL—Duty 20 cad val
 Flour, bbl 4 7805 50
 Corn meal, If bush 4o Jf 50
 PROVISIONS.— Duty;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20&gt; c; Cheese 30 If cad val
 Pork, (mess) 00 00
 I)o in ho® 50
 Beef cwt. 4 00 0 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700® 8 00
 Lard (tried) Vft 8
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked)
 Shoulders, do.
 Butter
 Cheese 05 ®J.
 T urkeys ft
 Chickens J?-*
 Potatoes, bush 1 00
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 If e ad val
 Wheat, bush
 Corn 50
 Rve *3
 0&amp;
 Bariev 50
 HIDES—Duty, 5 f c ad ral
 Slaughter
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts ••40 75
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed lftf c; Mustard 20 f
 875 0 500
 Timothy 150&amp; 2 25
 Flax
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20yc ad val
 Whitefishbbl
 Codfish cwt 350
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, y bid 1 25
 Apples, If bus _ 37,
 Do. dried hu-h. 62^
 Eggs, If do* 2
 Beans, If bush *5
 Hay, If ton 700®11 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood f I
meats.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citizen* of Rochester
 auid .-urroundiug country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’* Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl lor past Crvor* in the hne of my profes
 sion, and flattering myaelf that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operation* performed on thr teeth or
 of ha* mg teeth inserted to call on ine aad satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by' me on the
 teeth aad Plate YVori warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13. 1848. tf.
The 014 drisltj Sh*&gt;&lt;
 At Xo 48 Kxchange Street Rochester.
 LLOY'D SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, wrjnid respc, tfully inform hi*
 irteod* and the public generally, that hr ha* recently
 enlarged bu establishment and augmented hi* ttixk
 of Men’*, Women’s, and Children’s. New am!
 Second hand apf^rel. lu additvon to this 'lepurt
 neat he will hoy and sell House and Store urm
 ujre, Books, Jewelry, Fancy article*. Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, aad indeed all those
 various od*ls and ends” of which may not I*
 readily obtained at other places. It is lu- intention
 to, keep The Old Curo*ity Shop” well furnished
 w ith an endless rariety of articles for which he will
 pnv Lhrrally aad dispose of at satisfactory prtce*.
 ('lothmg repaired aad renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Hunt forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
James w. mondorming *t.u u.
 keep the Grocery on Becond Street, enrner of
 Elm, North tide Hat constantly on hand every
 arieiv of Groceries.
 CiM-taaali. Ohio. July 12, 1849. 3»
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY. Bm aad Shs Maker,
 No. 97, Craabery Street, Brooklyn
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 notice end Oh the most rvMtmabk ifw-9
ALBTTUf sad BCW HESTER
 lAlLslbkD.
 CIHANGEIN TIME —The lnm« will mtrwmrr
 to Irate Korhwslrr 10-dnv at the filfossing tone
 Eastward—mt 1 a. 1 r. iV. 7jf.si.
 4' reward—at 4| *m 9 a.*., 2j r. a. 7 f.a
 May 1, 1819
 NARRATIVE of Till. LIFE OF FREDER
 IC K DO l GLASS, nuUra i*y turner it. I*
 had at this dtce. price 30 rents; next Edit. ;I7 jc
HaiM'atti** aid llrrssiic at
 RALPH FRANCIB’* SbWshi. Imirr lie Eagle
 Butum-street ».j 11—3« i
.YEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
C olored Sailors* Rome.
 330. Pearl Street, Xtxe York.
 FRIENDS of thr slave, and stnngew on a visit
 to New- Y ork, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in anv other
 I muse in the city. Thr house is Large and con
 venient will hold corof»&gt;rtal&gt;h- seventy permit*.
 Families can hare private rooms, atwl evert atten
 tion paid to their cocnfctt. \VM. P. I*O\VELL.
 Mat 11, 1849.
DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad
 way.
MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friends anti the Public, tliwi &gt;he has removed
 from 150 to a commodious U.usc No. 162, (.'hurvh
 Street, where she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and Lodging.
 New Y’ork, May 11, 1849.
ELLIS A. POTTER'S Ready Made (.lothmg
 Store, 91 Canal Street, i&lt;etv»e?n Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York Also—A Gen
 erallAssortment ofGentleiren'- Famishing Articles,
 constantly on liand.
 May 18, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADI ERTISE.M'TS.
General Intelligence Office.
 GEO. YV. GOINES having opened aii Establish
 roent at the Fhilah* lphia IhsrtTt’TF.
 I.omhard Street, above Seventh, fi r the purpose ol
 procuring honest and faithlul domestics t&gt;r those
 who may require them, and obtauu.ig places lot
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the follow ing pained gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted tite use of their names as
 REFERENCE'':
 Anctrew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Charles J. Peterson, Editor «&gt;f Ncal’* Gaze’te
 Thus. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, (’liesmit Stree’.
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine oureet.
 Philadelphia, Sept. I, 1343. Ty—&gt;36.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician a..d Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—33
CHARLES JONES, Norti. Stai House, No. 25,
 North Street, between Fiflh and S.xth, and
 Market and Arch street; Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the cit\ will find tire North
 Star House the most central, coaverficiu m.d com
 fortable House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia. Dec. 1. 1843 it. 49
Anti-Slavery Office,
 Xo. 31, Xorth Fifth Strut, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a haarlsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and uselu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to lie directed to J. Miller McKu.., 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jnl—tf
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 as; the mosi
 Remarkable Exterual Applfratiou
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have Sully proved tliat tl,i&gt;
 UNIVERSAL REMEI)\ has not it.-* equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having Gen Irefore
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 dertul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that l»e.*ide the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES Or THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of tire
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUM A. V RACE.
 Ignorance of farts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion tl»at any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen rears has nevertheless
 established the fact, that .Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most gases and relieve sucli as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has Gen completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies liave completely failed:
 RHE UMA TISM, PA IS Ft L SER VO US AF
 fectious, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Coins,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burn;-, i
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strain-, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local cause*, Caked
 Brtasts, Contractions of tiie trm*-
 cles,Wounds, Swelling-, 4tc
 Also a host of di-eases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such a-
 SPA VISS,
 Bweeuet»
 RISC BO SE,
 Windfall, Poll L&gt;.!,
 Callous, Cracked Met
 (jails ol all kind:,
 Fresh Wound-, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Stiaina, Lio.et.ess,
 Sand Crack-, Foundered 1 eet, Se ratcf.es,
 OR UREASE, MASUE, FAR* Y, fjc.
 Numerous are die unsolicited statements of pa
 tient.* themselves,and other- who l ave used the Oil,
 of cures which in tlirin-clve* ipptar so remarkable
 that were limy at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 thev could haroiy liave been credited.
 'lhe celebrated I&gt;r. I'ai+.-r aho &gt;”:tes as follows
 Dear Bnr I have pre-oriGd your Gargl ng Oi! ia
 various cases ot
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with tnarkc 9oece:»,x&lt;ai woui! com
 rneiwl it to physicians genreaiiy t&gt;-.’ external u.-c in
 all contusion-, tmnoi r cpmi. Lite s-relhags,
 ami in all rbenmatie aff-cuo™-., .-ere exiernal
 means are i&lt;eee*-aty Y- '.i-c-t.. ot, it's &lt;rrrj-.
 less where tiie tefri'o .jv. c *xa rtd
 by genera! treatment. In vici oases, tt tiie irost
 efthdent reme-fy within rlie ouCjJ 0; .traits iw» Ja
 use.
 I would als recommend t a; L-r
 at a sale ami powerful ieu« y -altc.c tfarre is no
 general fever in all the above d.»ca*e«, L&gt; be u-ed
 freely, aad to rouutenct luitan. LUSu.. io a rer.ia: k
 able inauuer. lu iTurned wovids It eic-t» :welj
 iiig, ami consequent *&lt;atnea&gt; 4 .x,. weather.
 From tin- peculiar iauure ot O*., the
 ouparadeleti -occe-.s it Ls ;wt w .r. use haods of
 the FARRIER, FARMER -i ST.'.GE PRO
 PRIETOK, it i* iwt ji*tice to t.y.that of Lie
 great numlier &lt;A nsoii* me* v bet have -cet offered,
 none have been mi *d auapteo to the care
 of Disease* to wdtich Horse* are ..ibis .trait t&lt;e*n
 very justi) called a Complete Praan i* r the llorse.
 For instance, read tite lotlnw is**
 TO OWSERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify dial I liave \»A forsjaay vtarr the
 care &lt;A (tom one hundred to two ksudred horses,
 aod have maiie &lt;A Merchant’* Garglmg 0:1 for
 two years past, and &lt;an safely Mt\, that fo: s!l the
 dnease* that lerf »e» are ItaMe v&gt;, I -a:Ver saw it#
 equal. I u*e slnot &lt;rue bottle :r.yrrth, aad re
 eonn.oemf it to the (ssih a, tin- oe-t aedicte for
 hMses now 01 use. L D MINOR.
 All order* ak!ri-»sii to tiie proprietor wjl be
 promptly re&gt;p&lt;&gt;n«ir&lt;l to.
 Get a pwnphlet &lt;4 tiie Agent, am: *ee what won
 der* art accomplished by the use of this medicine-
 S'Ad by respectable dealer, generally ia ibe Uni
 ted States am) Canada.
 Alio U Post A Willis, Wm. Pirns,L. IJ
 Bwas, Wisslow k Yotso, (I D. Wsde.
 Rochester.
 H A E (iavlurd, Henderso* It P tmlersoo CW**-
 bnd.O.; G Diwg A Ba, CvlimhUs, 0., r«o*-to&lt;*
 k Israel, CraciuoaL, O.; McClure k Co,
 Hollister k Co, Buffalo; (sreenwau k Bmid*, l t&gt;
 ea, PDOrru A Co. Troy, NY. July I*-^
WM. H. TOPP, MerrW
 w»j. AUo aa e&amp;teiuivc *««t«oeot of
 Blockii Hojtm, Glow, tc
 AJUay, P«t&gt;; 11, IMS.
9LOA s COLIMA.
 r XF AH the ne-iiow. wlv-ti,***! tr&gt; W. R
 j Are mU fj Po*t h W»lh«. (A hnlnw |L
 rfiestrr, fit. Ken-tww, a It7ir*&lt;nfc
 Co., T A A Fr.e, Bmekport;
 i Nve, Pittsford; M W illmm*. Boffalo,
 j mo-t driggists thf&gt;&gt;»igt*&lt;Kit the 1 nited St.te*
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 OI.OAVS (»|\TYir\T i« now twitrrwlly
 C* knn.W:*'! to le «n mfiilbMr remerfy, m every
 cj»e »liefe it h.i« l»en Uithl’wllv »|&gt;pl»e&lt;f on thr hw
 man •v.imi, j.,r j hk.i ih L»en.*d4e PersptratM**,
 draw mg rnit ti&gt;»- tiid.imuo.tion from a wound, re-
 Itevmg (wm U ev.iv kuxi, and in iU healing qwuii
 ties th»&gt; wi&gt;rkl d«jr-&gt; iw&gt;( jn»'iK'e itr cvfual, and the
 pwb'ic prowuunee it the rheupe-t and l«e*t F»m»ly
 Ointment tint has ever l»en uwed. All dine*see of
 t the f lerii, (ilmimate l Icei., Old Sores, hdMauie,
 *3ore Thro.«t. Burn*. I m., Cutaneous KngMM,
 *B«fe Nirilt*. Ser Breast*, Dtsrawrs ut the Crf,
 Agur in tiie lace, back, ai»&lt;l the other n»rt« of
 the system, BoiLs, Ulcer*. Sold Head, Bruise*,
 f resh Wound*, amt every ktrd of sore* mntumag
 (he least pnrticlr ol inti.oniuatiox .*rr prmmealU
 cuml by this great remedv
 W. B. SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, 40 *t., Chicaga, 111.
 WE can’t GET ALONG WITHOt T IT.
 Bran’s Gnorr. Will Co., 111., l
 Ortohrr 24, 1848
 Mr. Si.»o—Sir I have tested the virtue of
 your Ointment in the cure of rattlesnake lutes, Mre
 threat, I air ns, aiui manv oilier injur ns, ami in every
 I ca«e it has ittipofsed ewr expectations Y« a Fami
 ly Ointment I have never se*'n its c*;uat, and lot
 beasts we can’t get along wnh.a«it it.
 Y our*.
 MILES M JOHNSON.
 EXCELLENT OINTIUNT.
 Mr. StLova—Dear Sn For a considerable
 length ot tune 1 was seriousfv afMictetl with the
 Rheumatic complaint,and applied freely the varkan
 linimeuts, pain-killer*, Ate w ttiiout obtaining any
 rebel. After which votir agent at thi« place inffij
 enced me to try your Ointment, and within two
 weeks truin the time 1 commenccHl using it, ihe paiu
 ceased, and 1 was effectually cured; and -hall re
 commend all w ho are similarly afflictetl with the dis
 tressing complaint, to procure \our excellent oint
 metit witlxxtt delay. Rcsp’v urs,
 OSCAR F MOTT
 Priitceville, Peoria co., lit., '1 &lt;y W.
 A FINGER RITTEN ENTIRELY OFF ’j
 Two Miles South of Chicago,
 S.pt. 14. 1348. V
 Dr. Slow—Sir On the *ih n: t. mysen bad a
 finger bitten entirely off by i hor-e. YY e imnwii
 ateK applietl your celebrated Ointment which re
 lieved him ot pain in a few mtniiitand prevented
 the linger from swelling the least jiartiole, and the
 wound is now healing rapidly.
 Respeetfuilv ynurs,
 S RtKKWAY.
 V PRIME ARTICLE.
 Are any afihrted w itli (tains, l&gt;rnise*,euts or sores
 of any kind Let them r*-a&lt;l \Y B. Sloan’s iul
 vertisement in another eoluino. NVe believe this
 ointinetit to a prime article tin any thing ot the
 kind and no bunding. Try a little of it before you
 safipr any longer. It ran lie had at nearly all fliu
 I stores in this place.—{Knox Intelligencer.
THE REST AND CHEAPEST
 lIORSE MEDICINE
 IS THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AM)
 CONDI T lON POW D E R
 Have earned a great name-.
 Fir purity, MMnrsv, Snjtty, Certainty
 nrul Thnrttnghnnut SIJ/A N ’.S'
 fjrXTMKYr Excel*,
 And is rapidly superseding all other (Imtments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure ot the following
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds, Galls of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringlmnc, Windqalis, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Hitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and I loin Distemper.
 The Pow pKKwill remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every |iart of the Laly; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy tor tlie following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Apfietite, In
 ward Strains, Yellow Water, liiilaimuation of the
 Eyes, Fatigue from bard exereiw;. Also, Rheuma*
 tism, (commonly called slit) complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable horses in this
 country. It is also a safe am! cert in remedy for
 coughs and colds, which generate so many fatal dis
 eases. W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT FROM THE “GALENA NultTH-V\ EXTERN
 GAZETTE.”
 By die u*e of Sloan’s Ointment and Conditio*
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on my
 horse, and otherwise unproved Ids condition more
 than 500 jier rent, on the coat of the medicine. And
 a cow which was so feeble as to lie Considered
 worthless by myself and neighbors, was restored to
 good health and strength by tin- use of less than halt
 a package of the [towder, and is now doing lietter
 than any other cow I liave. WM. VI,\('ENT.
 Small Pox, May 13,1848
 POPULAR OPINION’.
 If popular opinion i- tnv criterion of die worth
 of an article, we invite the incredulous to read at
 least a lew of the many voluntary certificates which
 appear in our columns respecting die great variety
 of remarkable cores effected Gy die use of Sloan
 celebrated Ointment and Condi in n Powder.”
 The-e remedies no longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility bwj have passed from the tide of
 experiment, and now stand higher in reputation, uud
 are becoming more exrensively used than all other
 articles of the kind.—[Michigan City .News.
 rHK HALF HAS NOT BEEN TOLD.
 Fox KIV 14, June 12, '4B.
 I)h 8l&lt;)AS —Dear Sir Plea-c -end l»\ tiwlje-ar
 er i new supply of your Hor-e Medicine*. Tliey
 are the best artick-s ot the kind t.,at I liave ever
 use i, never having lieen disappointed m then elle«-i
 a 1 I have )*-en in die use &lt;.t other, even d»- most
 celebrated Ointments, l.iiiiment-, Kc., ol the da&gt;
 I like verv mucli this leaiuj&lt; m then, vi/. licit tli«y
 do ai! tiut is promiseit, and upon thorough tnaf.
 Cite i* ronetrained to add that “hall ha* not teeti
 li-y Re*pe&lt; dully,
 M. Dl DI.F.Y.
 THE Him RFNeK.
 T ordinary Ointment- ,o»l l.lluuieiil*, it welt
 known, are sure and |*«iti.il m rhr-ir operatirx,.
 Sloan’s Oiatioera &gt;s mild, \et thorough—,t readie*.
 and remove* die cause, hence it ,i»e* real am) per
 xaaneat relief.
 lor punty, miklness, safety, tertamty, am! dior
 ooghnev* Skin’s Ointment excel*, and i* rapidly
 ripe reeding ail otl-er ointment* and liniment- now
 id use.
 GOOD NEWS.
 Chicago, Jan. fiih, 1-411.
 W fe. Sue as—Sir Oie ot my Inrv* »4* hoof
 oo.jnd a/Ki also wounded m tiw »tdh&gt;, m which he
 :m,k cohi, ami betame so crippled that l*e cmki
 .carceiy travel. By the free applu-atioo of \uui
 valrable Ointment, in- IwoU were *-dteiwdami
 Lie f.iT-e permanently cured.
 I ii*ve aI»o a*ed dte (&gt;intrnent in trie case of Pol)
 Evi! aml &lt;*n -even; gal!* with equal mcce**.
 On a mashed ting* r that wawvrrx (•ainful it
 erated like a charm Yours, kt&lt;
 A. V AN ORDKN.
 EXT S. AUK DIN AK V I.VRE.
 f'W mile* north uf Clin ago, (mi road to
 Mdwa.ikie.J '«s.k 10.. 111., Apili 13, ’4“ i
 Mr 8l OA *—JUar Sir Or*- „f mr hoi si a
 Urge brmy Tubs-r &lt;«n In* 'uoni lonr, noiue»J«arri»
 tinnier the collar, wha h iaiia.l him and insl* red his
 *erVif*s ol veiy litlW; idle. I Lilholiy t[Sii*f
 sa-vera! IjuUlm of Dr T-'G'« Nt-rvc aisl Itwns
 Loiifoent. ailhuul Use *ca»i l tiwn pro
 cured VV 1 kief’s t ealjraie-t llorse Otiilffieiit, and
 used lhat land I b*ra«a- tally
 never relmve the am-,.ah k.-alh. I oOa.ned a
 Gi* 4 vo«r oaly taWatb aad less
 than 80 da&gt;. from the -Wdnatem the tumor ea
 tirt-K rfiaweneirisl dsc tax*, was well.
 LDVVAKD AKM.BTKONG.
 OIATIIVIX6 IXTUXI(stN( K.
 I'fuMi every jail of lire c-aaary where SWau.'*
 Ifi.rse OiaUDent awl Wiliuu Powder” Itave Itee-a
 intrudtaed, the pr&gt;*fselef*a ha* received tite ntosi
 grairlyiag latedtgeore of then reasui r Be* t au
 pupsiUrity- la a attiilittale ol in.Uner., they have
 triumplsed over dtseaar. which had UstiJre uw- »4i)|
 of reWaat-d Farrier*, and were roasuWiol iwrara
 ble. The** toed&lt;,o** ar* rep.dlv lupereednii all
 other reawdica now in ure, (hr Oraraw-d hot*** «od
 C*Ul« ya
"
