"}KI.I'MUCK. 1)01 GLASS, Editor
VOL 11. NO. :H.
rue NORTH sT\fl I* jwbll«be* rvrr&gt;
 Friday, at No. 25. Iluflalo Strict,
 (fjppott.'r tkt Arr*dr.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* p*r annum, ulioiv* ,fl No
 H«*r«p*i'Tn will I* received fi*r a le-s term than
 it month*. _
 IrertiKiMt, not pxiwtiog l( n liaM inwrto:
 „me« for one dollar; rTtn nibM(|MM in*er
 t twenly-llw cent*
 Tmk object &lt;*t too Nortb St vk w ill be to attach
 s o rm in a!! us fot.n- and asjiect*; advocate
 qutnl F.simi; ATiot; exalt the standard
 r p. Mor.Ai.rtt promote the moral and in
 i,„pr ivcment of th&lt; Col.«Rl d Promt;
 1 the day of FREEDOM to the Thrit.
 Mutto*' &lt;S iHir si.oro FstLOtv Cj&gt;t?R*
 TRl"^
 PEBi IS!IKRS NOTICES.
 vi romiminirAiion* r, luting to tlte bu*inr**
 itr-t o' the paper, names of subset iliert, reniit-
 dioulil Is- ad.lrc ~d to Jons Dick,
 publisher.
 m -j- etit». and all others sending names, arr
 rioted to be accurate, and C ive the /’o* (Jgice,
 ■M onafV. and the Ststt. Each Sttbscrilior I* im
 f.v i.atrk credited f■« money rereved.
 ftj. Anv ending in the payment for four
 *«.b*cri»&gt;ers, to be f- warded to one address, may
 (live a fifth copv t &gt;r one year. _
 rj, y|| and communications must he post
 aid.
 MSI OF AGENTS.
 M V &lt;A( hi trs.- R. I\ Walcutt,2l. Coruhill,
 flo«,.»« Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio W.
 Foster, I swell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 F.va t#, W’orcester Honrnc Spooner, Plvtnouth;
 t'hsrle- H. Seth, Springfield David Haggles,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Upton.
 X .—-Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 VrßVtost. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 ri«hare.
 i'hvv rtict?T. —Jonatliati ls-onard, New Haven
 NK W 11 am r SHIR r Wean-.Tappan, Bradford
 \rw York.—Svdnev 11. Cay, 142, Nassau
 S:net; June- McCW Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westburv, Queen County; Mary- llar
 p.r. Albany; Elias Do'tv. MaCedon: Willett* Kee-e,
 Pom, Clinton County"; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J F. Platt, Penn Van; J- Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhouk Isurp.—Amarancv Paine. 1 rovidenre.
 I’r nssvt.v a it i a .—J -M. M’Kim, 31, North F ifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Come.-, H, Exchange
 Plan, Ditto; B. Bown.^tt-lnirgh; Wiu. \\lnp|&gt;er,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 own, Montgomery County, .Milo A. 1 ownsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Mat
 on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, llar
 vevsUirgh, vVarren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 MichkiAN.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Ism as a.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
EXTRACTS
 Fro'P Addretse* delivered iti Cincinnati, at the etlebra•
 lion on the First of August,
 J. I. GAINES.
 Fellow Citizens:— We have con
 vened in this beautiful grove, amid
 refreshing breezes, and under the
 bright orb of Heaven, to pay homege
 -to this day—The day that saw the
 shackles in the British West India Is
 lands fall from 800.000 souls.—Let us
 in view of this fact rejoice; let the old
 and the young, the lame and the blind
 join in the chorus, until the earth itself
 shall ring with praise.
 Yes, let our hearts leap, but oh! let
 us not forget *the poor bleeding slave,
 the husband and wife, parent and
 child, who while we arc offering up
 our feeble petitions and prayers to the
 throne of God, hundreds, nay thous
 ands are groaning and toiling under
 the lash beneath a Southern sun. Fel
 low Citizens, turn your mind’s eye
 back to the time when our glorious
 Declaration of American Independence
 was declared. Thomas .Jefferson, an
 eminent Statesm in and scholar was
 ike author of that admirable document.
 He was a Virginian by birth and a
 slaveholder, but could not find it
 m his heart to take sides with the op
 pressor. Hence he gave vent to the
 manly instincts of h.s soul, when he
 spoke to the tyrant King of Great
 Britain in the following bold lan
 guage:—
 “We hold these truths to be self
 evident that all men are created free
 and equal; that they are endowed by
 their Creator with certain inalienable
 rights; among which arc life, liberty
 and the pursuit of happiness.” This
 declaration was ratified and signed by
 56 or 7 of the revolutionary fathers on
 the 4th day of July, 1770. Twelve
 years afterwards, in 1788, and the
 Constitution of the United States was
 adopted; but before this was finally ac
 complished a w arm discussion arose on
 the slavery question, and so imbued
 were the men of those times with the
 spirit of the revolution that they
 would not, nor did not acknow
 ledge slaves in the .National instrument
 as properly. This clinches the much
 contested truth beyond the power of
 successful cavil, that Congress that
 framed the Constitution and laid the
 corner stone of this Union was anti
 slavery in feeling and principle.
 I p to notwithstanding this
 great truth, no very great efforts had
 been made against slavery in the States,
 and its concomitant evils. The coast
 wise slave trade was carried on to an
 inhuman extent, and is to this da y.
 es, at the very Capital of the Nation,
 where the Stars and Stripes may be
 seen floating m .the air, hundred s ol
 men, women and children are chained
 together as beasts of burden.
 Neither had the humane and philan
 thropic turned their attention to the
 hec colored people. They appeared
 to be content with limiting the evil ol
 slavery—of curtailing it* power—ol
 teasing and fretting it, scarcely ever
 dreaming that the true Interest of the
 country and human ly demanded its
 entire overthrow, /ibold, self sacri
 icuig/, and intelligent spirit was need
 e to combat the heathenism and idola
 o the age—llsat man was found in
 of W flliam Lloyd Garrison,
 lie seized the quill and commenced
 ic publication cl the liberator in the
 city of Boston.. Oj the merits or de
 ments ol this journal, I will leave for
 posterity to decide.
 It opposed slaver y in the States, in
 H»*trict of C olumbia, upon the
 high sea*, and acknowledged the com
 tttoa brotherhood y'f man. Thi» feature
THE NORTH STAR
j in its vocabulary fell upon the car o
 ihc negro-hating, liberty loving people
 of the North, as a death knell. Hence
 the noble hearted Garrison was taker
 by a vile mob and dragged like a dog
 through the streets of Boston! And, at
 our Saviour, was spit upon, reviled ant!
 abused by the rabble. This howevei
 did not quench the patriotic fire tkal
 burned in his bosorn. The “Libera*
 j tor" still sounded in the valleys and
 I upon the hill tops; sounded upon the
 cotton plantations of the South; thence
 it crossed the billows of the Atlantic,
 and wherever it touched, its power wai
 felt and acknowledged. The slave
 holders becamfe alarmed and offered
 1 five thousand dollars for his head.
 O execrable wolves, who not content
 with having robbed us of the dearest
 boon God ever vouchsafed to man,
 I Human Liberty, would murder one of
 our truest and best friends to satiate
 their greedy appetites. Surely if Bene
 diet Arnold deserved death for betray
 ing his country, these worse than
 traitors ought to have been bung upon
 the highest pole for seeking the life of
 a true American citizen, because he
 chose to serve God rather than the
 devil.
 But the bribe availed nothing, and
 hundreds now joined the cause of the
 persecuted man and his coadjutors that
 had hitherto stood aloof, and have
 from that notable day to this, done no
 ble work for God and Liberty. Lec
 turers and writers sprang up in every
 quarter, men of stout hearts and firm
 intellects; and like the great John
 Howard, they went with their tongues
 •nd pons into every hamlet and village,
 town and city of the North, and ex
 hibited in true characters the raw body
 and blood hones of slavery.
 I After giving a statement of the progress
 of ami-slavery agitation and of events favor
 ii g slavery, the Orator goes on to say:—
 Admirers of Adams—followers of
 the glorious Ordinance of 1788—Sons
 of the Pilgrim Fathers—Descendants
 of that brave hand of sable soldiers,
 who gallantly defended the land of
 Columbia, I do not wonder that your
 indignation has been kindled into a
 blnze; and that you have hoisted the
 flag of American Libert/ with his
 rnotto inscribed upon it:
 “Liberty for the white, the few
 “From the oppressors thrall'
 “!Vay! but liberty, liberty too
 “For tl»e blacks, for all!
 “Slavery shall not stamp her bait
 “Oil uny men or man.”
 Colored Americans, awake! for the
 days of that hydraheaded monster that
 has made us aliens in the land of our
 birth are numbered. Yea, it is written
 in indelible characters on the tablet of
 the American heart, that slavery shall
 and must die. Else what mean those
 demonstrations that come to us by
 every gale. The press of the North,
 with scarcely an exception, has borne
 testimony against slavery and its fur
 ther extension. The highest courts of
 law have reiterated and adopted the
 great maxim of Lord Mansfield—that the
 moment a slave crosses the bloody line
 that made him a chattel, his chains
 fall, and he stands up in the spirit of
 British law “redeemed, regenerated,
 disenthralled.”
 Now turn your eyes to tho South and
 smypathize with her in her strug
 gles many of her best minds and
 hearts are with us, and only desire a
 favorable omen to give in their udhe
 sion. Already some of her bolder
 spirits have sounded the alarm. Alex
 ander Campbell, the distinguished di
 vine of Virginia has issued a pamphlet
 to the Baptist friends of his persuasion
 in Kentucky, catling on them to unite
 with the emancipationists in forcing
 the chains from the slave. The leader
 ship of the cause in this State is under
 the masterly hand of Cassius M. Clay.
 His eloquence and power is like that
 of Demosthenes, which moves as a
 thunder storm, carrying every thing
 before it.
 Henry Clay, the favorite Statesman,
 has at last placed himself partially on
 the side of the free. He recently pre
 sented a system of emancipation for
 the people of Kentucky. It does not,
 it is true, come up to our ideas of jus
 tice, but withal, it has one redeeming
 quality, for it has taken sides with
 the emancipationist, and at a time
 which tries men’s souls.
 Thomas H. Benton, of Missouri, is
 also moving. The Legislature of that
 State instructed him to vote against the
 Wilmot proviso. He positively re
 fused, and appealed from the instruc
 tions to the people, who are soon to
 render a verdict. Meanwhile he baa
 been canvassing the State, and as the
 great Irish orator Curran, or the still
 greater Sheridan of England, he has
 handled his subject, the subject of truth
 and justice—Liberty against,Slavery
 with an ease, power and eloquence,
 that command the veneration of his
 enemies. He will, I have no doubt
 triumph. Honor then and success to
 Thomas H. Benton of Missouri, and
 the other master spirits of the South.
 Heaven grant that they may never fail
 ;to do their duty, duty to themselves,
 duty to their country, duty to their dis
 franchised fellow citizens and theii
 God. —May they live to see the day
 when the cursed name of a slave shall
 not be heard in all this boasted “l*iw
 of the free and home of the brave.”
 And if it should not be my happy lot
 to join in the Hallelujah and Hosann*
 of that anticipated hour, when al
 Heaven and earth mog*ng *h&lt;
 praise, my ejaculation is, God bteee H
 God preserve it, God booor it, tot
 hand it down to posterity ae the bright
 est relic of the nineteenth century.
 j. u. per*iks.
 Fellow CfT has beei
 from time immemorial, a practice
 among alt nations to celobrttt sertsu
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARF BRETHREN
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1849.
important events, wherein some 'great
 calamity has been averted, or unusual
 blessings bestowed by Providence, or
 the birth of some distinguished indivi
 dual, or a brilliant conquest 09 the
 held of battle. There have been and
 are different manners of celebrating
 different occasions by returning
 thanks to God, feasting and rejoicing,
 bonfires and bacchanalian orgies. We
 have assembled to celebrate ag oc
 casion that has few parallel cases in
 the history of the world—a day sfered
 to liberty, one of the brightfir®tn her
 calendaff is wteck- her loveliness has
 stood, on bjfijjfi with the curse of
 blood. It *4' one of tbs «iL*nt and
 peaceful triumphs of Christianity, there
 fore when time ushers in this glorious
 morn, and Heaven's chandelier from
 the vaulted sky pours forth its flood of
 gold, how many hearts that are swelling
 with love and gratitude, send up their
 pure offering to him who has said “is
 not this the last that I have chosen to
 loose the bands of wickedness —to
 undo the heavy burdens and let the op
 pressed go free, and that ye break
 every yoke.”
 The cause of universal liberty is
 progressing in keeping with the dis
 semination of the gospel. It is the
 hand-maid of religion, and whitherso
 ever the one goeth, the other will be
 found there also. From the days of
 Nimrod the mighty hunter, to the
 present time, there has been carried
 on a deadly contest between justice and|
 injustice, liberty and tyranny —an effort
 upon the part of the people to regain
 their rights which tyrants have usurped
 from them.
 But, fellow citizens, what is our con
 dition in this land “of the free heart’s
 only home?” Our slightest faults are
 engraven on stone, end our brightest
 virtues written on water. I know all
 of our countrymen are not guilty of
 this wholesale injustice, yet popular
 opinion has done it, at the quiver of
 whose lip justice breaks her sword, and
 politicians and piiests turn pale and
 tremble. Where are the people that
 could live under the oppression that
 we endure Has pot every bulwark of
 our liberties been assailed? the liberty
 of speech and the pr&amp;s stifled? Are
 we not deprived of the right of trial by
 jury, and of all protection from the
 Federal gevernment? Yet we feel
 ourselves to be citizens, and that we
 are entitled to the rights and im
 munities of other citizens; and it is my
 prayer that some of us may live to see
 the day that every word, aye, every
 letter shaft be erased from our !law
 books that determine the rights of man
 by the color of his skin. Painfully
 have we felt the conseqences, debarred
 of all political privileges, we have no
 part in making the laws which govern
 us; therefore powerless to correct the
 abuses which oppress us. Shorn of all
 that enlarges the aspirations or beauti
 fies the soul—stript of rights, the ten
 dency of which is calculated to alienate
 those patriotic sentiments which should
 fill the breast of every man towards his
 native land—the anti-American legisla
 tive enactments which prevent us pass
 ing to and from the various States of
 the Union —the black and hellish laws
 which incarcerate an unoffending citi
 zen and exaet a heavy fine for his
 release, and if unable to satisfy those
 unrighteous demands, is sold into sla
 very or sent to a state prison! These
 are burdens too heavy—too heavy to
 be borne; and this at the capital of our
 country, where the voices of Clay,
 Corwin, and Webster, mingle their
 sound with the clank of chains on inno
 cent limbs, and the shrieks of sorrow
 stricken mothers torn from their babes.
 This is no over-wrought picture, but a
 true tale. This is done to free citizens,
 tax-paying citizens, guilty of no crime
 but the color of their skin—yet are we
 free and of the manor born, and claim
 this as oar home by the gift of heaven,
 our inheritance by the right of birth.

 But a new era is coming in. The
 world has been awakened from a long,
 long sleep of stolidity and stupor. A
 voice from the indwelling of eternity
 has gone out upon the four winds to all
 the world, the voice of Omniscience,
 proclaiming liberty to the nations.
 From the freemen of France is heard
 the shout of no more kings, liberty,
 fraternity and equality. Along the Alps
 is heard the shout, and the seven-hilled
 city answers back. The shout is heard
 along the Danube’s shore, and the
 German catches the heart-cheering
 sound. Still the sounds roll on amid
 the Carpathian terraces and Julian
 Alps, and the sturdy Hungarians, with
 souls eager for the scene, buckle on
 their armor. Behold!
 M wake* in region* where darkness veiled
 the people.”
 And now, fellow citizens, as the
 world is on the advance in morals and
 intelligence, and men are becoming
 free every where, we may look forward
 with renewed hope that the day is not
 far distant when we may become the
 happy participants in this general joy.
 To prepare our posterity to assume
 a higher position in society, we must
 educate them, morally, practically, and
 intellectually,* niske them mechanics,
 and tillers of the soil, producers as well
 as consumers. We should en
 deavor to make their lives proverbial
 for virtue, industry, economy and tem
 i In educating our children,
 1 ui us have particular regard to moral
 culture* To be learned in books alone,
 is of but little value. It is virtue then,
 I gays Locke, direct virtue is the hard
 and valuable part to be aimed at in
 education; and I T"™"* P*" o
 or any little arta of shifting. All other
 coiwdcrationa and accotnpliahmeola
 i should give wujr to this. Thu it the
 solid substantial good which tutors
 1 should not ooty read ledum and talk
of, but the labor of education should
 furnish the mind with, and fasten there,
 and never cease till the young man had
 a true relish for it, and placed his
 strength, his glory and pleasure in it.”
 Fellow Citizens doctrine of the
 natural inferiority of the colored race
 has long since been exploded; it has
 grown too old for the intelligence of the
 nineteenth century. The book of
 books, teaches us from its sacred pa-
 Ses, that the Lord hath of the same
 esh, and the same blood, created all
 the nations of the earth; all children
 of the same common parents and com
 ngftnded by the Author of our existence
 to love one the other. TeU row, Ibou
 mysterious palladium of the human heart
 can man in this age of hypocrisy, blas
 phemy and oppression, look upon these
 burning truths and not blush, and hang
 his head, to think himself a man? His
 tory informs us that the sciences were
 partial to the sable children o! the sun,
 and made their abode among them ere
 they had condescended to look upon
 the rest of mankind. The father of
 Grecian poetry hath sung that the Gods
 deigned to be present at the feasts of
 the wise and virtuous Ethiopians
 The dire of gods ami all the ethereal train
 On the warm limit* of die furtherert main,
 Now mix with mortal, nor diadain to grace
 The (cants of Ethiopia’* Matnehs» race.”
 Though this is a picture of the poet’s
 brain, it shows the high estimation in
 which the people were held when
 Egypt boasted of her 20,000 cities, her
 hundred brazen towers and eternal
 pyramids, I assert, and am prepared
 to prove, that the Africans can boast of
 more greatness than any other people
 on the face of the globe, under the
 same c rcumstanccs. They were the
 first in wisdom and policy; the first in
 astronomy and mathcmatics;thc first in
 philosophy and letters. None will dis
 pute that we are indebted to Africa for
 the very language that wc speak: and
 now, her children are the lirst in meek
 ness and humility, patience and long
 suffering.
 Yet we are charged with being indo
 lent, immoral, and unenterprising.
 Why is it that enemies when speak
 ing of us, invariably select some par
 ticular cases of inoral depravity, and
 set them up as standards of moral worth
 characteristic of the whole, ascribing
 natural and essential causes to things
 which have but accidental existence;as
 if all fallible oeings have not their por
 tion of evil connected with good? This
 principle, if carried out would burn our
 sacred scriptures, because the world
 has been deluged in blood from an im
 proper use of them. It would drive
 education from odr doors, because it
 by contingent circumstances brought
 on treason, sedition and stratagem in
 States. As weH we might say that the
 fair fame of the fcincinnatians must be
 branded with thd odious epithet of be
 ing a inobocratic and insubordinate
 people, from the fact that a few lawless
 ruffians.have trapipled on our laws, and
 set the precepts ef our institutions at
 defiance.—Why do eulogistic friends
 never refer to such men as Toussaint
 L, Ouverture, the colored Washington
 of St Domingo, or Alexander Dumas,
 the Historian of France, the scholar
 and gentlemen? If these are too far
 fetched, we have those among us who
 are not only creditable to the U. States,
 but would be so to any of the civilized
 nations of the earth.
 But our enemies refer to the'Hotten
 tot, point to the Bushman, seek out the
 brothels of vice, the inmates ol the
 houses of licentiousness, the drunkard’s
 hell, and the dens of thieves, and set
 them up as the standards of the moral
 and intellectual worth of the colored
 citizens of the United States. As well
 might we resort to the jails and peni
 tentaries, for the moral standard of the
 Anglo American character.
 Unfortunate Africa!—who shall num
 ber thy wTong9, or bind up thy sorrows?
 When the ignorant blue eyed Saxons
 gathered round their Vola and listened
 to her strains of prophecy, or stalked
 nomadic wanderers o’er the world, with
 no covering but the skins of beasts, no
 shelter but the oaken tree, little did
 they think that the day would come,
 when their commerce should whiten
 every sea, and their colors float on ev
 ery soil.
 Then let us not be discouraged, bul
 animated with a renewed taith.
 “Heard are the voice*,
 Voice'of the safes,
 World and the age*,
 Choose well, your choice is
 Br»ef, and yet endless;
 Here eye* do regard you
 In eternity’ »stillue«s,
 Here is all frloess
 Ye brave to reward you,
 Work and despair aot.”
Passports to People of Color. The
 editor of the Salem Register has writ-!
 ten to Mr. Clayton, Secretary of State,
 for further information in relation to bis.
 refusal to give pasaports to colored men.,
 Mr. Clayton replies that his refusal
 was wholly io accordance with the!
 usage of the office, as he had been as
 sured by the officers of the Department.
 He accounts for the passports given to
 Robert Purvis by saying that Mr. Pur
 vis was at first refused a passport. Mr.
 Vaux of Philadelphia then wrote, rep
 resenting that Mr. Purvis was a gen
 tleman, a man of property, of scarcely
 perceptible African descent,and wished
 to travel with his wife to Europe. A
 passport was granted to him, says Mr.
 Clayton, “but not as a colored man.”
 But he was a colored man, for all that;
 as hiehly colored as many of the South
 ern slaves. As for the case of Wil
 liams, Mr. Chew, an old clerk, testi
 fies that the paesporiwaa given to him
 under the belief that he was a white per
 son What a dreadful mistake! Mr.
 Chew further says that be was pass
 port clerk under Mr. Forsyth, and
 that it was the established rule not to
 grant passports to people of color.
The Salem Register seems delighted
 to get this letter from Mr. Clayton, and
 thinks it a perfect justification of his
 course. There can be no justification
 of his course. It is an infamous out
 rage. The precedents of our govern
 ment have been almost universally on
 the side of slavery. We thought we
 were promised a change of this policy
 when “Taylor and Free soil” came in
 to power. But it seems that Slavery
 is to hold sway for the future, because
 it has in the past. Precedent would
 hold Mr. Clayton to a continuance of
 “Locofoco” policy generally. Does he
 feel.bouod by precedent in all cases, or
 only where the precedent is on the
 aide of oppremioo ?—Lowell American.
CONVENTION AT MIDDI.ETON.
 The Convention held at Middleton
 last Sunday was attended by about four
 hundred people—a majority of them in
 telligent young men and women, who
 will soon be called to bear the respon
 sibilities of active life, and for whose
 enlightenment in respect to the duty
 they owe to the slave, Abolitionists
 must ever feci peculiar anxiety. The
 prevailing religious influence in Mid
 dleton is that of Orthodox Quakerism
 of the straightest sect, and it is hardly
 necessary to say that it is implacably
 hostile to the Anti-Slavery Movement.
 The ‘blind guides’who wield this influ
 ence seek, of course, to veil their hos
 tility to abolitionism under the guise
 of a zeal against ‘infidelity’ and sancti
 monious regard for religion. Their
 meeting house is hermetically sealed
 against the advocates of the Slave, and
 all that they could do was done to pre
 vent us from getting a hearing in the
 place. A grovo near the village,
 which the owner would gladly have
 permitted us to use, was yet denied us
 in deference to parental opposition.
 Our warm hearted friend, Jonathan
 Marsh, very kindly welcomed us to the
 shade of his beautiful wood, about
 three-quarters of a[mile from the village,
 where, taking an old sled lor a platform,
 Isaac Trescott, Jesse Holmes and the
 Editor of the Bugle, successively ad
 dressed an interested and deeply atten
 tive audience, some of whom were
 seated upon rude benches and others
 in wagons, while many were compelled
 to stand. Lot Holmes presided.
 A self-conceited and impertinent man
 named Hick tried to win a little noto
 riety by opposing and thwarting the ef
 forts of those who called the meeting,
 but succeeded only in making him
 self ridiculous. ‘Wages slaves’ were
 the objects of his special sympathy,
 and whan reminded that the wrongs oi
 that class were'not legitimately before
 the meeting, he announced the won
 derful discovery that Abolitionists were
 hot opposed to slavery at all—that they
 were obtaining money under false pre
 tences, &amp;.c.; and he was extremly anx
 ious to meet the Editor of the Bugle in
 a grand discussion of these propositions
 His threats as to what he would do to
 us, if he could only get us fairly within
 the range of his intellectual battery,
 ‘were very terrible.’ —Sorry to say we
 can’t accomodate him now, but if he’ll
 wait till after the Jubilee, and it shall
 then appear that Abolitionists have suf
 fered materially from his assaults and
 stand in need of defence, we may per
 haps undertake the job.— Bugle.
From llie Clironnlvp*.
 THE KINGDOM OF SOUTH
 CAROLINA.
 This Kingdom came when the sover
 eign States entered into this laion.—
 How soon it will go, depends upon cir-j
 cumstances; but it is pleasant to see it j
 manifesting a disposition to be o-p-h.
 Our readers will well remember that
 address to the people of South Caro
 lina, signed “Brutus,” which ws
 copied lately. That address was writ
 ten by a distinguished son of South
 Carolina, formerly a slaveholder there.
 Some philanthropic and unsophisticated
 men at the north were willing to spend
 some money to circulate it among the
 white non-slaveholders ot South Caro
 lina. For this purpose they requested
 a gentleman of Indiana by the name of
 John M. Barrett —not an abolitionist
 but merely a Free Soiler—who was
 about to travel through the upper part
 of South Carolina, to drop into the
 post offices in that rejgion some pack
 ages of the aforesaid address, enclosed
 to different individuals. He actually
 committed that awful crime, and is bow
 in Spartanburg jail for it.
 The Spartan a newspaper publish
 ied in that delightfully free locality,
 says:
 “The charge under which he is ar
 rested is punishable by twelve months'
 I imprisonment and one thousand dollars’
 fine. But he may be indicted under
 the arrrst tor any crime of which the
 j Stale Attorney may think himself able,
 i by competent testimony, to convict the
 1 prisoner.—There is more than a possi
 bllity that Barrett may be indicted for
 an |offence, the penalty of which is
 death, without benefit of clergy; and
 assuredly, if coovicted, all the aboli
 tionists in the United States cannot
 save him.”
 Just so, exactly. For circulating
 such a document, whether he kuew
 what was in it, or not, be may just as
 well be hung as fined, for is not the
 “Address” perfectly unanswerable?
 Not a fact of it can be denied. No
 paper in Sooth Carolina dare publish,
 even to refute it. Calhoun Jupiter C.
 has not brass nor logic enough to meet
 it. Therefore it is clearly a crime,
 worthy of death, to circulate it in the
 Kingdom of South Carolina.
 VVe do hope it will turn out that Mr.
 Barrett has no nervous wife nor chil
 dren dependent upon him for support
 and sympathy, for it is extremely desi
 rable that the South Carolinians should
 haog him *o illustrate the peculiarities
of the “peculiar institution.” Hi*
 death would give abundant publicity to
 the Address of “Brutus,” and be &gt;UC i
 a complete refutation of its arguments!
 But this is only half the beauty of
 the case. Mr. l*egg, postmaster of
 Spantauhurg, was vupjxjsed to have a
 letter designed for Mr. Barret, not ad
 dressed to him, hut which ho was au
 thorized to receive, in which the
 shrewd accusers of Barrett supposed
 they would find evidence to convict
 him of circulating “Brutus.” Mr.
 Barrett declined to take the letter
 from the office. His accusers sum
 moned Legg tuto court as a witness,
 and commanded him to bring the letter
 with him. He modestly, and with hum-
 Wo ayalsgifg, Jo to violate, hi*
 oath of office to the United States, m
 favor of the kingdom, and was conse
 quently committed to jail till he should
 give bonds to appear in court and bring
 the letter. By advice of counsel hu
 finally gaVte said bonds and was re
 leased. So the royal will of the king
 dom is to triumph over the oath to the
 laws of the United States, and it re
 mains to be seen whether Postmaster
 General Collamer will be as auccvmbent
 as P. M. G. Amos Kendall was. Possi
 bly in these days the confederate re
 public can get along without doing the
 mail service of the kingdom.
FARTHER PARTICULARS OF TIIE
 CHARLESTON TBACiEDY
 Extract of a letter from a resident in
 Charleston S. C., dated ‘Charleston,
 July 22d,’ to a gentlemen in Boston:—
 We have had quite an excitement
 here; the inmates of the Work-House
 mutinied, and.the keeper was compelled
 to let them into the street for his own
 safety. He notified the Mayor of the
 fact, and the alarm was given. Men
 ran in all directions with guns and bay
 onets, pistols, swords, caws, hatchets,
 &amp;c. I could not imagine what was]
 to pay. They arrested three, and had
 them tried the next day, and hung on j
 Friday las£*just eight days from their
 trial and —There are said\
 to be one hundred and fifty up the road,
 part of whom are from th Work-
 House; they have burnt several houses'
 or plantations. Several companies'
 have gone to hunt them.
 Last Tuesday, ex-Governor Akin’s,
 coachman was taken to jail for being,
 at the head of a plot The three men
 who were hung divulged the plan, and;
 told the leaders.
 The three rnen were hung one at a
 time, and when the first was dead, he
 was laid under the scaffold, and the
 second brought under for his turn, and
 soon the third. The scene showed a
 revengeful disposition on the part ot
 the people—hanging one at a time, and
 allowing the other two slaves to be
 spectators to the scene.
 As near as I can ascertain, one of
 the fellows that was hung was a mason'
 by trade, and paid his master twenty
 dollars a month, and at the same time!
 had paid his master seven hundred
 dollars in part pay for his freedom,
 which his master agreed to give him
 when the amount agreed upon was
 paid.—wjjlus I understand, wa?$l,?00;
 but his fibster put him up for sale, and
 he was sffld. He refused to go with
 his new master, and ran. Officers
 were sent after him and he was over-,
 taken; he struck onqgifthem, and I be
 lieve killed him. He*was tried, and
 sentenced to be hung; but his old mas
 ter, Kelly, said he was deranged, and
 got a new trial granted him. Ho was
 put in the VVoik-Housc, to await the
 trial, when he headed the insurrection, j
 His name was Nicholas; the other two
 George and John. There are several
 more to be tried, who will probably he
 hung.
INTERKSTUTC; HLAVK CAST.
 A few months ago a slave, name*'
 Brown, belonging to a Mr. Somerville
 of Maryland, was murdered by lus
 mastet. Some time after, the master
 himself was murdered, and a brother
 of the murdered slave was taken up
 and tried for the offense. Notthc small
 est evidence could be made out against
 him, and he was acquitted. Acquittal
 of a colored man in such a region of
 the world must be held as a most con
 vincing proof of his innocence. But
 the relatives of the deceased sold
 Brown into the desolating bondage of
 the South. Ha made his escape from
 New Orleans and reached Philadelphia,
 where he expected to live in safety.
 But the man-stealer was on his track.
 Brown had a wife and seven children
 in Maryland, whom be was desirous of
 rescuing from bondage. He had as
 sumed the name of Russell, but a cor
 respondence was commenced from
 Philadelphia in his real name; the let
 ter reached the sieve-owners, and tbev
 determined to be revenged Mill farther.
 The tbievea of Maryland had no
 longer any control over his body as
 property, for they had made it over to
 tbo thieves of New Orleans; but two
 iof them appeared at Ph'tadr'phia,
 claiming Brown as a murderer!! This
 l is a favorite and rm.de of
 seizing a victim. The applicants knew
 well that they bad no ngnt to claim thr
 persecuted man as a mutdercr, for he
 had been tried and acquitted and
 could not be tried again. Bui, if they
 had him once in their posaessi &gt;u, they
 'could easily do privately what they
 I could not do judicially, and, at least,
 they could punish him severely for
 running away, and restore him to
 chains and bondage. Two blood
 hounds appeared at the magistrate's
 office in Philadelphia, claiming their
 victim. He was clapped into prison,
 but the warrant was informal, and on
 that grouud he was released. Seizing
 i. the favorable moment, before the to*
 i'formality could be remedied, Browc
Iffi V |*t «t rawti
WHOLE NO. 8«.
made track r passing through
 New qrk. Kc* dr mini;, «f that
 city, kindly agrrrt: f«&lt; the
 persecuted man t rnda
 W ithmjt itit- ;of n moment, they
 proceeded t&lt; M ntr* it, and laid the
 case before l. u! Elgin. claiming
 that protect: n which it is the glory of
 the Britt-di law I give to the innocent.
 Proofs of th trial nod acquittal, which,
 with other particulars, had been pub
 lished in pamphlet form, were laid be
 fore the Governor-General, who gave,
 hi* unqualified assurance that the
 hunt* d man would not be surrendered
 to his persecutors The appeal was
 not too soon. Next day the two
 bioodseekers presented themselves be
 fore the Governor-General, demanding
 the surrender of Brown, aiut, is al
 most unnecessary to say, they met with
 a pointed refusal. And now, this in
 jured man. with his wife and seven
 children, who had also escaped, are in
 Canada, safe from the hands of the
 man-stealer. Some magistrate, troni
 ignorance of the facts, may give him
 up on a charge of murder, although
 this is not likely. However, to pre
 vent it, wc have to request our con
 temporaries, as au act of justice and
 humanity, to hand around this note of
 warning.—Let it never be said that
 there is a single magistrate in the
 length and breadth of British North
 America so ignorant or so indifferent
 as to surrender a fellow’ man into the
 hands of the relentless slaveholder.—
 Toronto Manner.
 •♦NOTICE.
 “Was committed to the jail of Wash
 ington county, 1). C\, on the 10th of
 May, 1949, as a runaway, a negro man
 calling himself Edward Brooks. He
 is of a dark color, with whiskers under
 his chin, about tidily years old, five
 feet six and a halfirrchcs high, has a
 scar on the side o l the fore linger of his
 left hand; had on when committed a
 dark clotii frock coat., black bombazine
 vest, striped cassiuct pantaloons, and a
 fur cap. He says he is free, and was
 born in this city. He says he has
 been absent from this city fifteen or six
 teen years, and that before he left here
 he was known to Samuel Redfern,
 James Eslin, Richard Butt; and in
 Richmond, Y.rginia, by James Evans,
 Esq., and Mr. O W. Carter, clerk in
 the Bank of Virginia, and has a pass
 purporting to *'u in him, stating that
 he is free, at.d l a I ».-t his papers.
 “The own; r o. m rs, if any, ofthc
 above desen'a i ;ru man are hereby
 requested toe m uaid, prove him
 and take him ;r ay.
 “Thomas A Hawke, for
 “R. VY.vLf E, JMarshal I). C.
 The forego:;;'* ftp-urn thus an adver*
 tisment in the In)', i nctr. It shows
 how some things iuu done in the capi
 tal city of our m del Republic. A man,
 claiming to he free, to wnom no per
 son has setup ae! :n of ownership, is
 committed as a slave ton jail, built and
 supported with the moneys of the peo
 ple of the United States Nay, the
 presumption i strong, even in this Dis
 trict, where rohr i absurdly, regard
 ed a sprimu facie .a eneo of slavery,
 that he is free. He refers to citizens
 of this plure, a wua s in his favor,
 and produces a p; i from the? cashier
 ofthc Bank of Virginia, ?tating that
 he is free, and has lost his papers.
 Who, then, has thrown him into jail?
 On what ground cun his detention be
 justified r Why did not the marshall
 take the trouble to ascertain from those
 citizens of Washington, whether his
 account of himself were correct, or
 from Mr. Carter, of Virginia, whether
 the paper purporting to be written by
 birn was genuine, before advertising
 him as a slave, and virtually inviting
 a fraudulent claimant.
 Meantime wc call upon the good peo
 ple of the United States to note what
 deeds are done bv officers holding their
 commissions from the Government
 they have instituted. —JValional Era.
Tut Shoe Business in Lynn gives
 employment to ten thousand and fifty
 eiglit persons; of whom four thousand
 nine hundred and twenty-five are girls
 —who hind and new the shoes and gai
 ters. The number of pairs of shoes
 made tne lu.st year was three mill
 ion five hundred and forty thousand, at
 a total cost of two millions three hun
 dred and ninety two thousand five hun
 dred and seventy live dollars.
Tne Br.vr 1 rh.no.— The most agree
 able of all corn pant ns is a simple,frank
 rnan, without any high pretensions to
 an oppressive greatness; one who
 gives life, and understands the use of
 it; obliging alike at all hours .above all
 of a gelJ* n tempt r, and steadfast as an
 anchor.— l* or ‘inh a. one we gladly ex
 change the gr* atest genius, the most
 brilliant wit, the profoundcst thinker.—
 Liming.
Gt?i Cass.—The Chicago Tribune
 says: \V« understand fr*»in reliable
 authority that Gcn. Cass will resign hit
 seat in the Senate during the ensuing
 winter. The Michigan Legislature
 having instructed him to vote for the
 Proviso, he j ropoac* waiting unlit that
 question comes up, when be will make
 a great speech against the Proviso and
 Col. Benton, iu.&lt;. tf.cn resign. Like a
 iCamanche, h- wdl “fire and run.”
Cast forth thy ,:cv thy word, into the
 ever living, v r-v iig universe; it
 is a seed giam ti tt cm. not die Un
 noticed to day -at one it will be
 found flouri' rove' l
 perhaps, alas, us a hemlockjßKtVfl
 ,ter a thousand year- CarhjU.
h lushed ()i s Ihe C anadian league
 has thrown aside annexation with the
 the U. State!*, and now rccotnmdsa fed
 erative union of all the British Provin
 ces, 1
"
