"hut vou became frightened at the
 mfr€ “shaking of my gooae quill.” V r &lt;m
 h' wIM You affirmed that
 the protect to give the slaves the Bible, it uo
 vroithv of the attention of philanthropists,
 j JuFflnt tr.mi vou entirely.
 Your servant,
 jHKNtn HIGHLAND GARNET.
 prriaio'... Aug. 31.
 Ret. Henry Highland Gurnet.
 Th individual, we undcnMaod, i* to leave
 the 1 States for England during the ap
 proaching autumn, The particular object ol
 f,js mission to that country, i' not positively
 known —but from the well known vi«we ol
 the party by whom ho ha* l»een invited and
 to whom ho is to be supported while there, ii
 it probable, that he goes out as the 'hampion
 iif the “Free Produce Cause. Mr. Garnet
 i* a man of talents and address. As aspeak
 tt he ranks deservedly amongst the first and
 nH,st eloquent of his race, rn this country. To
 tn Kugliah audience, he will doubtless prove
 s m ost acceptable speaker, and will excite
 m lC h interest wherever he may go. lit*
 omp’cxion will be a help, rather than a hin
 drance to his success. He will find that the
 warm right hand of human brotherhood wiP
 extender! as freely to him in old England,
 w any other man—of whatever color,
 i&gt;r c itne. He w ill look around in vain
 &gt;w)n g thr crowds of w hitc persons whom he
 mar nseet to observe a single averted eye, or
 the slightest manifestation ol the biller and
 inal.gnant hatred wuh which the colored man
 haunted in this boasted land of liberty. He
 w.l! find to his entire satisfaction that color is
 no crime in England. We predict therefore
 that personally the visit of Mr. Garnet to Eng
 land will be a vwy pleasant one.
 As to the actual good that the cause of the
 ave w jli receive from his labor in that coun
 try doubt may be very innoeentiy entertained.
 On ilus point, duty requires us to be plain,and
 .vhiif «e would neither detract from the tal
 ents nor the zeal of Mr. Garnet, but freely
 give him the full benefit ol our testimony to
 l&lt;ot h—- we deem it due to out selves, as a
 mend to the cause of Emancipation, and the
 elevation of the oppressed—as well as to the
 fair dealing, to give the public on either side
 of the Atlantic, in ihe most explicit manner,
 our views of the man and his mission. In the
 tint place, Mr. Garnet has again and again
 oechred that he has no faith in moral means
 i the overthrow of American Slavery.
 ..at h.s hope for success is in the sword.
 He l.as held up moral suasion repeatedly, to
 &gt;t s orn and contempt of the colored people
 L..i presence, and made many speeches in’
 iuvor of insurrection among the slaves; and
 ,-5e sentiments have never to our knowledge
 ten recalled nor repented of. .Yow r for such
 man to appeal to the moral sense of Eng
 land, and ask the moral aid of E ngland for the
 jjolition of slavery, is the veriest hypocrisy
 aid hollowness. The man whose convictions
 do not go with his words, is not fit to plead
 ilus cause—and his eloquence will merely he
 sound and fury signifying nothing.
 Another reason which leads us to suspeet no
 nuod from the visit of Mr. Garnet to England
 —is, that he goes there to espouse a cause,
 which we believe lie has never advocated here
 either by precept orby example. Now a man
 wiio will advocate a cause abroad with res
 pect to w hich lie is silent at home, docs not
 j»ive the best evidence of sincerity, and leaves
 the impression that his motives are at least
 questionable. When and where has Mr. Gar
 net written or spoken a word in this country
 in favor ol abstinence from slave produce?
 We have attended with him many Conven
 tions where lie has taken an active and even
 a leading part; but we never remember to
 bare seen the first line from his pen, or heard
 the first word from his lips, slating him to lie
 an advoctae of the use of free produce. lie
 may have become converted recently, but if
 *o, one would suppose that lie would have
 grade his conversion public at nome, at least
 toon as he published it abroad, Bu) no
 •uch profession has been made heie, and the
 •atural inference from thu fact is, that this
 profession of faith is intended for a foreign
 market rather than for home consumption.
 The party which has invited him to England,
 hires him to advocate a given movement, and
 Mr. Garnet like a practical man, prepares
 iiitriself for his office. We do not hesitate to
 say, that no reliance may be placed upon any
 jtatements which he may make respecting the
 ‘‘North Star” or ns editor, should he conde
 scend to notice either while in England. His
 feelings towards its, so far as we have been
 able lo learn them, are those of bitter hostility.
 Hi* eourse here lias been that of an enemy,
 and we have no reason to believe that his
 ••ourse abroad will be that of a friend. We
 now take leave of Mr. Garnet, having honestly
 given out opinion of him. He is at full liber
 ty to slander and misrepresent ais in England,
 or elsewhere, as bo has done most liberally
 in various pans of the Timed States. We
 prefer an open enemy, lo one in disguise; we
 therefore without any cowardly disclaimer of
 any kind, wish it to be understood that Mr
 Garnet and ourselves are on any other term*
 than those of good fellowship.— v. o.
 Klv. Hcnki H. G a knot*, a colored clergy
 man ol decided talent, is about leaving for
 England, for the purpose of lecturing upon
 'livery in that country. He is the chief oppo
 nent of Fkeolrk k Douglass, and differs with
 m on many questions pertaining to the ele
 ■aG&gt;n of the African race. He is sound and
 H.ute m his views, and entirely opposed
 1 die violent and denunciatory' course of the
 ,l &gt;hi Mjs school of abolitionists. —Rochester
 ri uttcrat.
 ■I\V not the reverend gentleman exclaim
 t,al h'“ v 1 done, that the wicker! praise
 iHr f 1
 Hocse o* Refkeskntativc*.
 1 ue New \ork Tribute publishes a table ol
 of Congress already ehossn,
 m.n which it appears that the House thus
 no Aland*—Whigs mi, Ixicofocos 9!?, Free
 Whips 8, and Free Soil Wofucos 5.
 Here are 18 member* yet lo by chosen, 9 of
 •tocb the Tribune will b v Whig*, 8
 Ucofocos, and I f ree Soil. Making lbs
 sund—Whig* 110, l.oeofocoA jo7,
 i d Free Soil 14. No uaitv will have a clear
 majority m the next House, if these calcu
 are correct. 'The prominent, candidates
 r Speaker will be Kobert C. Winthrop.
 of Masaachusetts, and Howell Cobb,
 Hicofoeo, of Georgia,
 To KirhaiiKCA.
 II our esteemed friend George Dawi»o&gt;
 the Hirmiiigliam Mercury to lie sen
 'eortjuf!y to the North Star office, Rochestei
 ti.-ill lif greatly obliged by Hr. Camfskli
 Hrwardmg Ihe British Banner.” We can
 dupense w|tli any one of our Briush ex

Foreign Near* of the Week.
 The Caledonia arrived tt her wharf at East
 Boston, on Friday I**l, *nd brings intelli
 one week later from Europe.
 England. The intelligence from Britain
 is not important. There appears at preaeot to
 be nothing above the political boriaon. The
 House*, of Parliament having disposed of their
 business, and been dismissed, the London pe
 per* seem to be under the necessity of filling
 up their collosaal proportions with the smaller
 fish of political, religious, and scientific meet
 ings occurring in different towns throughout
 the country. Emigration, Hungary, Anti
 j State Church, and now and then a radical
 reform, or Chartist meeting, supply the read
 ing material. Peace and Anti-Capital Pun
 ishment, also, in different parts of the country,
 attract a share of popular consideration. The
 Total Abstinence Cause has not yet in Log
 land assumed the importance in the estimation
 of the people which it has in the Northern
 States of this country though it is by no
 means without its able and admired advocates,
 and ta gradually though aursly working the
 overthrow of those too prevalent drinking
 customs, which press not less ruinously on the
 morals, than on the limited means of the
 laboring classes. Public sentiment, thst teal
 Parliament of England, as it is of all civi
 lized countries, where the pres* and the pen
 make themselves heard, is now holding it*
 sittings and it is not difficult to discern, that
 the character of its legislation is every day
 becoming more liberal, humane, and expan
 sive. The doctrine of feudal rights is rapid
 ly dying out. The masses are demanding
 and will obtain a hearing. 11)# many are
 becoming educated and intellectual, and their
 int elligeoce cannot fail to secure for them a
 more rational and equable system of govern
 ment. The subject of emigration is attract
 ing much attention. It is doubtless the sub
 ject of the time, and the calm and candid
 spirit in which writers of all parties consider
 it, seems to promise that it will be made
 the means of relieving some of the
 most pressing difficulties.
 Amongst the subjects of discussion in Lon
 don, not the least important is a movement
 for the total abolition of all taxes on know
 ledge. Under this designation are included the
 newspaper stamp tax and the tax on paper.
 The former of these, in conjunction with the
 large amount of security required from the
 publishers of newspapers, places a very seri
 ous obstacle in the way of the cheap diffusion
 of The stamp costs a penny Eng
 itsh—nearly two cents American money on
 each newspaper. This however, pay* the
 postage to any part of the kingdom. The
 tax on paper is one of the most oppressive
 and injurious that can well be conceived.
 Paper of whatever quality is taxed three
 half-pence per pound. This, of necessity
 also greatly enhances the cost of priming in
 England. It is high time that all of those
 hindrances to the cheap and universal spread
 of literature were for ever abolished.
 On the 16th of August, the report of
 cholera cases in London was 358 —deaths
 157; the rest of England and Wales, cases
 407 —deaths 193; Scotland, cases 27
 deaths 15. Total—caaes 793—deaths, 384.
 So that, taking the entire country, the epi
 demic cannot be said to be very prevalent or
 alarmingly fatal. Since our last (says the
 European Times) nothing has occurred to
 warrant uneasines in the probable result of
 the harvest. A considerable quantity of
 rain has fallen, but the showers have been
 partial, and having been followed by briak
 drying breezes, no mischief has resulted. On
 one point, however, the accounts are not so
 universally favorable as was the case a week
 or two ago, complaints having reached us
 from the western part of England in reference
 to potatoes. But our own impression is that
 the early sorts have almost wholly escaped, and
 that the later kinds are more free of the dis
 ease than has been the case in any season
 since its first appearance in these islands.
 The papers are still full of the royal visit,
 arid its anticipated effects. A correspondent
 of the Times, whose wits have clearly been
 turned topsy-turvy by the honor done to “ould
 Ireland,” thus writes—“ Such a day of jubi
 lee S uch a night of rejoicing has
 never been beheld in the ancient capital of
 lieland since first it arose on the banks of the
 Liffey. No ovation of olden Rome enriched
 with the spoils of conquered nations, and il
 lustrated by the wealth of captured kings,
 was so glorious as the triumphant entry of
 Queen Victoria into Dublin.”
 An enthusiasm of loyalty seems to have
 silenced for the time, the murmurs of faction
 and the groans of poverty. Radiant smiles
 and happy faces were all that the Queen saw
 in her Irish capital. Disloyalty would aeem
 to be unnatural to the Irish. They are rebels
 only by constraint; and under happier aus
 pices, might be relied upon as the most faithfnl
 adherents of monarchy, and most zealous de
 fenders of the crown against all inimical as
 saults. The London Inquirer, speaking of
 this Queen’s visit, says,
 “We are very far from saying or supposing
 that the maladies of Ireland are imaginary.
 Unhappily they are but too real; but it is
 no less certain that their pressure is aggtava-
 I ted. We should not be surprised if a belief
 in the advent of better times were to operate
 like a charm on the Irish mind. This belief,
 1 whether it be reasonable or unreasonable,
 does seem to spring up in her Majtsty foot
 steps. What though it should excite fanci
 ful expectation, if at the same time, itstimu
 tales men to a new development of then
 i powers 1 The fable of the children who dug
 up their whole inheritance in search of an im
 aginary treasure, is of perpetual applicability.
 Strenuous and hopeful efforts are never thrown
 away”
 The harvest in Ireland promises well. In
 most districts Oats and Barley will be abun
 dant, beyond the usual average; but it ia
 feared that the potato blight will-be fgain
 partially expeiiemied. A writer in an Irish
 paper says “From Connemara I have had a
 very melancholy report. The blight appears
 to lie there in its most aggravated type.” A,
 Clonmel, it is also said that the disease has
 appeared in sheltered places. The Cholera ia
 fatal amongst the upper class, in various parts
 of Ireland.
 j A very melancholy accident occurred or
 the Uth of August to the Glaroorganahiit
 colliery, in Wales. 112 colliers descended
 the Uleity Shenkin shaft of that great cos
 basin, and no leas than 52 of the number trl
 victims to the deadly fire-damp. The Duki
 ol the eoe*io*law ol the cm
 peror of Russia, has lately arrived in Eng
 land. It was at first thought that hit veil
 wa* of a political oharacter, hot R appear!
that he is going to Ms deira to peas the winte
 It was observed that one of the first visits his
 highness paid was to Prince Metterntch, who
 ia living at Richmond, a few miles from Lon
 don, in greet retirement. The Duke has
 been visited by Lord Palmerston, sad dined
 with Lord John Russell, who h is to bo hoped
 took the opportunity of informing him of the
 abhorrence in w hicb tbs barbarous proceed
 ings of his augoat father-in-law are univer
 sally held in England. Even he, surrounded
 by his Cossacks, and in the plenitude of im
 perial power, i* not beyond the reach of
 moral influence. It ia not difficult to endure
 the reproach of the ignorant and the vicious;
 but he moat be indeed lost to all right feeling,
 who can seo with indifference the finger of
 acorn pointed at him by the intelligent and
 the virtuous.
 Our Eaglieh exchangee give very full re
 ports of the recent trial of the Countess of
 Landefelt, alias Eliza Rose Anne James, alias
 Rosanna Gilbert, better known as Lola Mon
 tes, on a charge of bigamy, which would be
 interesting to readers who have a taste for
 such things; but we have not room for it.
 The facta in the case, ate thi* lady was
 married lo a youth of the name of Heald, a
 Lieutenant in the army, on the 19th of Jnly.
 She had been previously married to Capt.
 James, who ia now- with his regiment in
 lodia but declared om her trial, that she
 had since been divorced from him by Act of
 Parliament. The conclusion of the matter
 was that the prisoner was liberated upon find
 ing two sureties in .£5OO each, and herself in
 1000, to reappear on a future day and the
 silly youth with bis dear spoto made tracks
 for the continent. The Times says, that im
 mediately on the marriage of Lteut. Heald
 with the Countess of Landafelt, the Marquis
 of Londonderry, Colonel of his Regiment, re
 commended to her Majesty that this officer’s
 resignation be insisted upon. It was wrong in
 the judgment of the Colonel, that the Lieu
 tenant should marry Lola Montes. Another
 course, according to the military code of honor
 and gallantry, would probably have been per
 fectly honorable and right.
 France. On the 10th ult., a rather excit
 ing scene occurred in the Assembly. It was
 on the occasion of the presentation of a peti
 tion for leave to prosecute two repiesentatives,
 MM. Soumier and Richardet, for the pub
 lication of seditions articles. One of the
 members, in his speech, somehow or other
 dragged up the name of the President, and
 asked—
 Where was the President at the execution
 of the assassin of Ganeral Brea? He was
 resting from the fatigues of the ball the night
 before, and recruiting his strength for the ball
 of the next night. What was it to him?—
 Had he not his 600,000 francs a year to
 spend?” M. Gastier, an aged representative
 belonging to the left, exclaimed, “It is quite
 true!”—M. Pierre Bonaparte, who happened
 to be sitting near him, immediately addressed
 him and said, “Oh, you do not know my
 cousin, or you would not say so. It is not
 true.” The other Tetorted, Oh, I know bet
 ter; it is quite true.”—M. Pierre Bonaparte
 then said, “No, 1 say it ts not.” On which
 M. Gastier hastily exclaimed, “You are an
 imbecile.” which was replied to on the instant
 by a slap on the face from M. Pierre Bona
 parte.
 The members of the left immediately rush
 ed to the assistance of M. Gastier, and those
 of the right to protect M. Pierre Bonaparte.
 The ushers ran up to atop the tumult, but
 the crowd had in a moment become so com
 pact that they were unable to effect their ob
 ject. A number of members were then seen
 struggling together, and the confusion was one
 of the most painful description so that the
 President at once put on his hat, to intimate
 that the sitting was suspended. The strug
 gle, however, went on, until, at the end of
 about ten minutes, the members of the dense
 crowd gradually unclosed their hold, and with
 disarranged dress and heated faces withdrew
 to their places.
 On the 11th the President presented a re-i
 quisition for authority to prosecute M. Bona
 parte, for the outrage committed the previous
 day. Tltis was granted unanimously.
 The Paris journals, of course, comment
 upon the singular affair. It is rather unfortu-;
 nate for the cousin of the President that M. I
 Gastier is an old man, upwards of seventy,
 and public sympathy is therefore more in his
 favor than it would otherwise have been.
 The Moniteur announces that the President
 has authorized Mr. Jacob Brett, an English 1
 man, to establish on the coast of France, at 1
 some point not yet determined upon, between
 Calais and Boulogne, a sub-marine telegraph*
 to communicate with the English coast at
 Dover. The works are to be completed be
 fore the Ist of September, 1850. Gen. Oudi.
 not is daily expected in Paris. It is rumored
 that to make amends for his recall from Italy,
 in addition to the rank of Marshal already
 conferred on him, he w ill be nominated Grand
 Chancellor of the Legion of Honor. It appears
 pretty*evident that the President looks forward
 to a continuance or extension of his power,
 and is not particularly anxious about mere
 presidential authority. M. Bertin, the mayor
 of Havre, on a recent visit of the President to
 that city, in his speech on the occasion, said:
 Let the love of France be your crown, and
 the glory will be immortal. Washington had
 no other, and his memory will be eternal.
 Long live the President of the Republic!”—
 For this the President snubbed M. Bertin
 rather sharply, as was thought at the time,
 more after the fashion of a Prince than a
 President. He ia not desirous of being a
 second Washington.”
 Rome. Gen. Oudinot, having resigned bis
 power in Rome, a commission of three cardi
 nals have been authorized by the Pope to
 form a ministry and re-establish the temporal
 authority of the supreme Pontiff. This com
 mission seem resolved to govern after the
 most approved manner of despots. The capi
 tal, under their direction, has resumed quite a
 warlike aspect. Bodies of infantry and cav
 alry are encamped during the night on the
 principal squares. Four pieces of artillery
 are pointed on the Plazzo del Populo, towards
 the four principal streets of the city. The
 other acts of the priestly commission are
 equally ominous. They have to-established
 the ecclesiastical courts; repealed all laws
 enacted since the 6th of November, 1848;
 dismissed all government functionaries who
 served under the republic. Their proceed
 ings, in short, are such that nothing hot tb«
 presence of the troops prevents a general
 convulsions. Thia is what France has done
 for the Romans. Te the eternal infamy
 that slum- republic be this kept in remem
 branpe.
 Austria and news ol
 last week seems to be coafirm ed. If the ac
 counts may be relied on, the Hungarians are
 making rapid prog rest in driving tb* wemy
from their country. It is agreed on all bands
 that Ihe report of a great victory being gained
 by the Hungarians at Raab, is writ founded 1
 The only account of the affair hieh the Ass- 1
 trians have seen fit to publish, is an unintelli
 gible dispatch from Gen. Caorich. But it
 must be confessed thst amidst all the accounts
 of brilliant victories obtained by tbe Magyars,
 the Hungarian army seems to be losing
 ground. The Vienna papers stale officially
 that General Haynau entered Szegedea on the
 2d ult. without experiencing any resistance
 The Weiner Zeitting of the Bth. publishes
 private letters from the head-quartets of Gen
 eral Haynau, dated Szegeden, August 4th.
 It thus appears that this city, which nuti] that
 date, bad been the head-quarters of Kossuth,
 had fallen into the hands of the enemy. It
 docs not now appear where Kossuth is. Tbe
 movements of General Gotgey are also quite
 uncertain. It seems beyond dispute, however,
 that tbe main body of tbe Hungarian army
 have retreated across the Theiss. It also ap
 pears that on the 4th ult. General Haynau
 crossed tbe Theiss, and attacked the fortified
 camp of the Magyars, under the command of
 Dembinaki and two other Generals, and all
 the entrenchments were taken, after a deter-;
 mined resistance. The imperial troops were:
 then said to be advancing victoriously on all
 sides. From the western theatre of war, the i
 accounts are more encouraging. The Polish
 Gazette of Posen, which of course is friendly
 to the cause of the Hungarians, states that on
 the 2d and 3d of August, tbe Hungarians en
 tered Gallicia, and took possession of several
 districts of that province. It is also admitted
 by a Russian Bulletin, that the Magyars have
 entered Moldavia with a force of from 4000'
 to 5000 strong, and had previously defeated
 the Prussians in the pass of Ojtu. From
 Transylvania, where Bern has been operat
 ing for some time past, the news is suffi
 ciently discoutaging. Vienna papers of the
 12th ult. contain an official dispatch from the
 Russian general Luders, that on the 31st of
 July a battle took place between the forces
 under his command and the Hungarian army
 under Bern, in which the latter was defeated.
 One thousand Hungarians arc said to have
 been killed in this battle, and five hundred
 prisoners captured by the Russians. The
 Russian loss was 44 killed, and 108 wounded.
 Seven field-pieces, two standards, a large
 quantity of amunition, and a travelling calash
 in which wete important papers belonging to
 General Bern, also fell into the hands of the
 Russians. It is new asserted, that in conse
 quence of the representations of England
 and France, the Prussians will evacuate
 Hungary in the course of forty days, and
 have resolved on proposing terms of concilia
 tion to the Magyars. From the other coun
 tries of Europe there is no news of import
 ance.— j. d.
Notices.
Anti-Slavery Lectures and Fairs.
 Frederick Douglass will visit and lectuie,
 and Fairs will be held, under the management
 of the Ladies of the W. N. Y. A. S. Society,
 at the following places in the course of next
 month namely:
 W T est Walworth, lecture, Tuead. Sep. 4th.
 Marion, Wednesd. 6th.
 Palmyra, Thursd. 6th.
 Victor, Friday 7th.
 Fair, Saturday Bth.
 W. Bloomfield, Lecture, Sunday 9th.
 Fair, Monday 10th.
 Oswego, Lecture, Thursday and Friday,
 Sept. 13th and 14th.
 Fulton Village, Lecture, Sunday and Mon
 day, 16th and 17th.
 Mount Morris, Lecture, Thursday, 20ih.
 Fair, Friday, 21st.
 Caledonia, Lecture, Sunday, 23d.
 Scottsville, Monday, 24th.
 Fair, Tuesday, 25th.
 Honeoye Falls, Lecture, Thursday, 27ih.
 Fair, Friday, 28th.
 Lockport, Lecture, Thursday, Oct. sth.
 Fair, Friday, 6th.!
 N.B. The Lecture at each of the above
 named places will commence at 7 p.m. pre
 cisely, unless some other hour is named in a
 future notice.
Appeal of the Philadelphia Association
 The‘“Women’s Association ofPhiladel-i
 phia” appeal to a benevolent public, and to
 the friends of the Slave everywhere, to aid
 them in their approaching Fair, the ob
 ject of which is to sustain the “North Star
 To those who are familiar with the pages of
 this paper it is unnecesary to speak of its
 merit. To those who have not seen it we
 may say, that we regard it as one of the very
 best anti-slavery instrumentalities now m the
 field.
 We are the more interested in it, becausej
 the editor is one of our oppressed race, and
 admirably qualified by bis talents and moral
 worth, to perform with credit the arduous
 task of editing a paper devoted to our eleva
 tion. We believe and trust that our friends
 will give us their liberal aid.
 To our own people we look earnestly ank
 hopefully. Sisters, Brothers, shall we foods
 in vain? The iron has entered into your souls.
 Ye go heavily, bowed down to the very dust,;
 dispirited, crushed by the weight of oppres
 sion. Ye hear the taunts of the enemy,
 “They are so ignorant and onrefiaed! They
 are jealous of one other’ Yes, they unite
 but it is only to put down one who is more
 intellectual than the mass!” Prove by thej
 unerring languige of conduct that these as-|
 Bert ions so often thrown in our faces are ma
 licious slanders. Sustain F. Douglass, be
 cause his talents and correct principles de
 mand your respect and confidence. Sustain
 him because it is right 10 do so, and because
 of the sweet peace the performance of so woi
 thy an action will assuredly bring it mto you:
 bosoms.
 The Fair will be held on Christmas week.
 Donations for it may be sent to
 HARRIET SMITH, 319 Lombard-street,
 RACHEL LLOYD, 303 Pme-stzeet,
 AMY M. CASSEY, 113 Lombard-street,
 Or to any member of the Association.
 Elizabeth Appe, Lvdia An* Bcstill,
 Maby Babbott, Hetty Bcrb,
 Louisa Bristol, Hcle.n Johnson,
 Hester Bi still, Eliza Jones,
 Charlotte Mills.
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS, Cor. See’y.
 No 54 Mullberry at.
 Philadelphia, 6th mo 25.
Imccath National AaU-*ta*eiT Bazaar.
 The Committee of the National Anu-Sla
 very Bazaar, deeply feelingjhe.r Wonaibili
 ty to the My cause of Freedom Humani
 ty with which they are identified, have re
 solved anew to make their exertions for its
 promotion correspond with the greatness of
 its demand* and the rapid"?
 Ji i. unnecessary at this lais &lt;Uy to enter
 upon anv formal eapewuoo of the principles
 tod measures of the American Anti-Slavery
 Society to the support of which the funds re
•citing from this effort are devoted. The lin
 C«ag« of our last year's Call will eif*e»
 better than wit other nor preeest convict tom
 of iu necessity and value. “Yews of ck*e
 observation of its righteous principles aod nn
 compromising practical »urkiogs aasore as
 ibat it has the eleniems of success. It coo
 tinualljr sends forth lecturers to enforce the
 principle* of just ci and humanity among the
 people, and in a few years is found thereby
 to have exercised a controlling influence for
 good throughout the country. It dictates the
 course and bends the policy o( every political
 party; and speaking as it does from'a height
 above thek selfish persona) struggles, its
 words of everlasting truth are heard and more
 and more obeyed. It has no local attach
 ments, no sectarian or partisan partialities,
 no hidden aim, no double purpose." With
 this Society in a word, reals the hope of the
 American Slave. Its continuance and in
 creased success, the number of its agents and
 the circulation of its periodicals depend great
 ly on the amount of funds which ws through
 thi* yearly effort are enabled to place at is
 disposal.
 We zegard the importance of the American
 Anti-Slavcrv Society as paramount to that
 of any other Anti-Slavery oiganixation, and
 of coursejrts claims tor help and sympathy par
 amount to those of any other. Boston and its
 environs indeed supply us with a market, but
 with a trifling exception barely sufficient to re
 munerate the expense of Anti-Slavery adver
 tisments, not a cent of our receipts is expen
 ded in Massachusetts. In sustaining the
 Cause in her own borders, she asks no aid
 from beyond them, but relies entirely on her
 own efforts.
 These being our circumstances, we appeal
 to Abolitionists everywhere, earnestly invo
 king of each aid and assistance proportionate
 alike to the dignity and necessity of the work
 we have undertaken. We are laboring for the
 estahli shment of those foundation principles
 on which of all men must of necessity
 rest. Therefore to All we appeal in confi
 dent reliance on that common human heart
 whose unsophisticated instincts furnish our
 best hope of success.
 The Sixteenth National Anti-Slavery Ba
 zaar will be held at Boston during Christ
 mas week, and all desiring to co-operate
 w ith us are requested to communicate with the
 undersigned.
 Anne W. Weston, Louisa Losing,
 M. W. Chapman, Mary May,
 Eliza L. Follen, Sarah S. Russell,
 Ann T. G. Phillips, Ann R. Bramhall,
 Susan C. Cabot, Helen E. Garrison,
 C. Sargeant, Maria Lowell,
 H. Sargeant, a Abby Francis,
 T. South wick, Harriet T. White,
 Harriet B. Hall, Mary G. Chapman,
 Francis M. Robbins, Sarah B. Shaw,
 Eliza F. Eddy Hannah Tufts,
 Caroline Williams, Harriet M. Palmer,
 Lydia Parker, Mary Willey,
 S. N. Southwick, Elizabeth Gay,
The Child was Healed.
 York Prepint, Du Page Co., 111.
 December 27th, 1848. j
 Mr. W. B. SLOAN*-Sir: Last summer
 one of my children was badly bitten by a rat
 tlesnake. We applied your Ointment freely,
 and the child was healed.
 Also, I had a horse wounded in the stifle
 joint, in which he took cold, and it became so
 much swollen and distressed, that the horse
 was supposed worthless, but by a free use of
 your Ointment was soon cured.
 We have used the Ointment in a great many
 other cases, with equal success.
 WALTER WHITBECK.
 KJ 3 See Agents names at the head of
 Sloan’s Column. For further particulars and
 testimonials, get Pamphlets of agents.
Commercial.
KdCKESTXR, Oept. «rt», 184 R.
 The Wheal market for the past week has been
 rather quiet at from 9stf?9* 3d. Tlrere was consid
 erable w heat on tire market yesterday. We quote 9s
 We have no alterations i t die price of other ar.
 tides.
FI.OUR AND MEAL—Duty 20 c ad val
 Flour, W bbl .4 78®5 50
 Corn meal, If bush 45 ®5O
 PROVISIONS.— Duty;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20&gt; c; Cheese 30 *c ad ral
 Pork, (mess) 00 00 12 00
 Do. in hog
 Beef c\vt. 4 00 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700 &lt;8) 800
 Lard (tried) tb 8
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked) 7
 Shoulders, do.
 Butter
 Cheese 0o 07
 Turkeys ft
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bush. 1 00
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 If e ad ral
 Wheat, bush
 Corn 50
 Rve
 Oats "4
 Barley 50
 HIDES—Duty; 5 If c ail val
 Slaughter *3
 Calf
 Sheep Pelts 40 75
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 (p c; Mustard 20 t
 cadnl _
 Clorer .I 71• 5 00
 Timothy 1500 2 25
 Flax
 FISH— Duty on foreign caught; 20 cad val
 Whitefish bbl 700
 Codfish cwt 8 50
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, y bbl 1 25
 Apples, Ip bus
 Do. dried hush. O 024
 Egg». I?
 Beans, f bush 75
 Hav, Ip ton 700®11 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood I
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL BURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citiaea* of Rochester
 six! surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl for part farors -in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed oo the teeth or
 of baring teeth inserted to call ota me aad satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed hy me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
The ©M Caraitj Sh«p,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public genera fly, that he has reeenthr
 enlarged his establishment aad augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New aad
 Second hand apfjsrrl. la addition U&gt; this depart
 ment he will huy and sell House and Store Furas
 lure, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 aad agricultural implements, aad indeed all those
 carious odds aad ends” of nhieh may not he
 readily obtained at other prices. It is his .alewtioa
 to, keep The Old Curosity Hhup” well famished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 per liberally sad dispose of at saturicuay prices.
 Clothing repaired aad renovated with arataeae
 and despatch.
 I font fotget The Old Curosky Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
JAMES W. MON DOR MING Mil) ruatiaueo to
 keep the Grreerv «a Second Street, corner «f
 Etta, Norik side lias renelally on head every
 ■rieif of Groceries.
 Ciacmoaii, Obi*. July If, 1040. Is
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shoo Maker,
 No. 97, Cranbrry Street, Brooklyn.
 N B. Repairing neatly executed at the she* not
 notice and oo Uk most rove—Ms term.
AIBI RM u 4 ROCHESTER
 RAIL-ROAD.
 CHANGE IN TIME -The trams w ,11 freeware
 V' to Ira v* RntbwlH NMhn mt the fotfentng tww
 Eastward—at I a. a., I) a. a.. I r. 7|r.w.
 Westward—at 4| a.,S a.*., 2| r. a. 7
 RnrbMtff, tta&gt; I, lAff.
 Narrative &lt;»f the life or Freder
 ick UOI'CLASN. anttn by bt wise If. to b*
 bad at this olict. price SB irati act* Edit. S)|e
■air-fffttii* asf Dmsli* at
 Ralph francis* Haw*. «*.w uw F*gfe
 Baflafo-street |uJ 14—Ska
NEW YORK ADVERTISED!ENTS.
OtorN Salters’ Hoar.
 330, Pearl Street, fine York.
 FRIENDS of the slave, aad rtringer* on a visit
 to New York, out now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in aay other
 boose in the city. The house is large aad cna
 venicot; will bold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can bare private moots, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM P. POW ELL.
 May 11, 1849.
JJR. J. ITCUNE SMITH, 98, Weat Broad*
MRS. PETTIT woold respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she* has removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 Street, where she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11,1849.
ELLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made nothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, hetween Church Street
 aad West Brood wav. New York. Also—A Gen
 eral’Assortment of Gentlemen's Furnishing Articles,
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADYERTISEM’TS.
Lfifral littllifftnce Office.
 GEO. W. GOINES having opened an Establish
 ment at the Philadelphia Institute,
 Lombard Street, above Seventh, for the purpose ol
 procuring honest and faithful domestics for those
 who may require them, and obtaining places for
 such as are qualified and in want thereof, begs leave
 to refer to the following named gentlemen, who have
 kindly permitted the use of their names as
 references:
 Anorew M’Makin Editor of the American Courier
 Robert Morris, Editor of the Inquirer
 Jasper Harding, Publisher of the Inquirer
 Cliarles J. Peterson, Editor of Neal’s Gazette
 Thos. B. Florence, Editor of Times and Keystone
 Robert Howell, 88, Chesnut Street
 Hilliam J. Mullen, 278, Catherine Street.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 1, 1848. ly—36.
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, alx&gt;ve
 Seventh. ly—36
CHARLES JONFS, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market ami Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House in Philadelphia^^
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, i«49
Aiti-SlaveryDffice,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadzlpkia.
 of anti-slavery publication
 is on hand. Abo a bandsom
 variety publications, and usofu
 and Fanc^ffißtioDciy.
 All letters relating to the business, of the office
 to he directed to J. Miller McKiin, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jufe-tf
UNPARAUED IN THE HISTORY OF
 AS TH It MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered I
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY lias not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 derful effects on the animal economy is almost daily]
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe- j
 cial remark, that beside the great ami extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES Or THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farmer, and the wonder of the
 it has lieen successfully employed
 in a of the maladies which
 THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignoranß of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curinumuy diseases. Experi
 ence of more than has nevertheless
 establislied the fact, Celebrated!
 Gargling Oil, or Embrocation,
 will cure most eases and relieve such as tlte follow, i
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which otb-
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF-
 lections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from focal causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles. Wounds, Swellings, fcc.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and oilier
 animals ,sueh as
 SPA VINE,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds* Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfest, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *c., tfc.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa- i
 tfonts themselves, and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear to remarkable.
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 thev could hardly have been credited.
 /he celebrated Dr. Parker also write* as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargl ng Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumor*, sprains, white swellings,*
 and ia all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discnueal, it is harm-/
 levs where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatsaeat. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in!
 use.
 I would ab recommend it to community at large
 as a safe awl powerful remedy w here there is no j
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract mflaiuiuatioa ia a remark-
 able‘maimer. lu hruiaed wound* it prer eats ladl
 ing, and consequent nraeu ia hot weather
 Frusa the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with m tfie hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER «nd STAGE PRO
 PRIET&lt;)R, it is but justice to say, that of tin
 great number of taetheme* which bar* ueec offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt •nr*
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has urea
 very justly called a Complete Panacea fig fee Hone.
 For mats nee, read the following
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is In certify that I have had for many years tee
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’* Gargling 0:1 for
 two years past, and can safely way. that for all the
 diseases that horses aro liabie to, I never taw its
 equal. 1 use about ome beetle per month, and re
 commend it to the poUfo as the heal medicine for
 bosses now ia use. E D MINOR.
 Alt orders addressed to the proprietor will be j
 promptly crspnmfed to.
 Get a pamphlet A the Agcsst. and see what won
 ders are accompli*bol by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally ia the Uni
 ted Saits and Canada.
 Auo by Post It Willis, W*. Pitkiv, L. B
 Bwas, Wiituiu At Yoess, H. D. Want,
 Rftriu iirr
 H It E Gayford, Header sow A Pamferae** Qrre
 lead, O. G Dmg A Sou, Cshadm, O.j Gvrduo
 A Israel, Cincinnati, O. MeChwe A Co, Albany
 Hohister A Co, Bsido; Greeamaa A Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Orris A Co, Troy, N Y.
 W" VMUr.ML^-
 V way. Alsoaaeueam«tMMftaMaiu(bv«ws.j
 Stocks, Hosiery, Gloves, Ac
 41bwj r«A 11, IMS.
SLOAVs COLIMA.
 OCP AH the medicine* •drrevtwd VV R. Sloan
 •re void by Pi»t R W’illii, W X Ymw, R*.
 rfceMev. S. Ketwlatw. Fmv.kfwt, A, ft. R.,n«o4t
 Co., lew. T k A Frye. (W&lt;irknnrt; t'afeb
 Nye, pMUlocif; W. Wilh*m*, BoiGlo; and to
 n,.| druc!•)-(- the United Stole*.
 FCRILY OINTMENT.
 SIXIAN’S OINTMENT now mimwlb nr*
 hnwwfeflftd u. Iw an mfoliddr remedy. m every
 case where a has Iren foabfidly applied on the bw
 m. ntxa, for j n muting ln*rr*»l«lr Perspiration,
 draw am the mtl »t* mate.n frem a wrena), re
 lieving pain of eveiy kirn!, ami in it* Nr (bag qnaln
 ie* the world (W&lt; m&gt; ivwiarr its opal, .id U-e
 public pniwonr, a tfe* ,hr ip*t ami fort Family
 Ointment that In- nrr let. wed. AH rfinwr* of
 tbe Ffe*h, litmale 1 leer*. OMSores, t hilibss,
 Sore TWint, llurn-, t ('&lt;;lanc«i* frqSKsi,
 Sore See Bre a-ts, ot the Ere.
 igtir in tbe focr. side. l*»ck amt tbr other parts of
 tbe system, BoiU, l leers. ScaUl Heml. Itruu**,
 Fresh Wound*. ami very kind of sort s t onfaituag
 tbr ba«t particle of infl imm.ition are jermaatwy
 curd by this great remedv.
 W. It. SLOAN,
 Grand IVpot. W* L.ikr st., Chuagw. ItL
 w* can’t GET ALONG WITHOUT IT.
 Be kef’s Grove W d) Co.. Ilk. t
 October 24, I*4B S
 Mr. Sloan—sir. I have tr*tcd tin- virtue of
 your Ointment in tin* cure f rattlesnake bites,sore
 ihroat, burns, ami main other injuries, and m every
 cane jt b.t&lt; surjsus j «&lt;r expectations. .Vs a F.um
 ly Ointment I have never *mi is* eqieif, and toe
 beasl« we can’t get along without it.
 Your**, ter.,
 MILES M. JOHNSON.
 EXCELLENT OiNTMKNT.
 Mr. Sloan—Dear Sii For a c &gt;n*ider\Uc
 length of time I was s«vionsly afflicted with the
 Rheumatic complaint.ami applied freely tin various
 liniments, pain-killers. &amp;r., witluKit iditammg any
 relief. After which your agent at this place influ
 enenl me to trv &gt;uV Ohumeot, and within i»"
 weeks from live time 1 coiamem e.l using it, the pain
 ceased, and I was effectually cured; ai*l -Imll re
 commend all who are similarly afflicted wi:h the dis
 tressing complaint, to jvriH'ure MWir excellrnt oint
 ment without delay. K»&gt;p\ v or-,
 OSf’AU F MOTT.
 Princeville, Peoria co., 111., M n I, ’H.
 A FINGER BITTEN ENTIRELY OFF!
 Two Miles Soiiiii of Chicago,
 Sept. 14. 1818.
 Dr. Sloan—Sir On the S»l- in-t. my son had a
 finger bitten entirek «*IT b\ a hoi c. \l e immedi
 ately applied your celebrated bnimeut which re
 lieved him of pain in a few minutes, ami prevented
 the finger from swelling ti&gt;o least particle, and the
 wound is now healing lapuitv.
 Respectfullv in-,
 S. ROCKWAY.
 A PRIME ARTICLE.
 Are any afflicted with pains, fouises,cuts or sores
 of any kind them rr id \V. B. Sloan’s ad
 vertisement in another rolmim. \N’e Udicve this
 ointment to lie a prime article for any thing of the
 kind and no humbug. Tin a little ot' it before you
 suffer any longer. It can he had at nearly all the
 stores iu this place.—[Knox Intelligencer.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMKNT
 AND
 CONDI T I O N PO W DER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 For Purity, Mtlduam, Unfity. Certainly
 and Iharnughnex* SLOA N ’*N
 OI ATM FAT Fred*,
 Ami is rapidly suficrscditt" all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds, Gulls of all kinds, Sprains,
 HnmM,tWFt'tt Heels, Rieylwiu., \Y indgalls. Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfost,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand (.‘racks, Koundcretl Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Morn Distemper.
 Tlie Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, (turify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, anil strengthen every |kh t of the liody; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy lor th,- lidlmving
 diseases;
 Distemper, Hide-lvouml, fonts of Appetite, In
 ward Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of tbe
 Eyes, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheuma
 tism, (commonly called stiff complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable horses in this
 country. It is also a sate and cert in remedy for
 coughs and colds, which generate so many fatal dis
 eases. W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot,4o Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT FROM THE “GALENA NORTH-WESTERN
 GAZETTE.”
 By the use of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on my
 horse, and oilier wise unproved his condition more
 than 500 jier cent, on the coat ol' the medicine. And
 a cow which was so fictile as to l.e considered
 worthies—bv myself and ncighltors, was restored to
 good health and strength by tin- use of le s iltan half
 a package of tlni |s*wd»T, arid is now doing better
 than any other cow I tiave. WM, VINCENT.
 Small Pox, May 13, 1M I 8
 POPULAR OPINION.
 If popular opinfon is any criterion of the wrath
 of an article, we mviie lb incredulous to reail at
 least a few of tlu- many voluntary certificate* wlm U
 appear in our columns respceiiii" the grr-at variety
 of reniai kable cures effected by its- u«r- o| iSliidß't
 celebrated Ointincut and (‘onrlition Powder.”
 These rernerlies no Iratger remain among ttirvse of
 doubtful utdity; ifoy have p.r.- -ed from the tide ot
 experiment, and now si amt m pui.ition.aail
 are becoming more extensively o-ed Ilian all other
 articles of tire kind.—[Michigan City News.
 THE HALF lI\S NOT BEEN TOLD.
 Fox lIIVER, June 12, ’4*.
 Dr. BloAN—llear f*ir. Please »-l hy ifiefoar
 er a new supply of your llor-e \l&lt;«hcines. They
 are the fost articles of tin* kind tl.al f have evr r
 used,n«;ver liaving l»-» n in tla-ir effei-t
 as I liave been in the use of other, even lire most
 celebrated Ointineots, l.rminents, fe&lt; ,of lire ilay
 I like very uurh this fi ituri in tl.em, vi/ thattliey
 do all that is promised, tod ii;s»n a thorough trial,
 one is cottsiraiued to add that Irall lias not treo
 told.” ResirorUully,
 M D» DLEY.
 THE DfEPEKE'teK.
 The, oromary Oinins-i t t Lu.no jgs, it is well
 klKswn, are severe ami parti .1 nr their operation.
 Bloan’s Ointna nt is irofit, yet tin f ai; »l rear he r
 aod removes tie- cause, Itei&gt;&lt; it vire real and jier
 mauent ref*ef.
 For purify, mildwss, afs-ty, »*-it;,ioty, .uml itvor-
 Mfbtm, H!nw’» t iei ami is rapidly
 sujier*ediog all other ou'uots *n\ liniments now
 in use.
 GOOD NEWS,
 MiCA«»r&gt;,Jaa.Btb, 1848
 B. 81.0A.A-Sir four- of toy hor&gt;e.«WM I«J
 b&amp;aod and also wounded in ilie stitfe, m wkkh Ire
 UMjk oo id, ami became so erippU-J tfot fo r&lt;mU
 •carixty travel. By lue free application of ww
 valaabie Ointment, h feeds wer*- smm *of:&lt; nedami
 the st;fie permaueniK i*red.
 I Irave also used tfo- Ointment &gt;n the case of Poll
 £rd aad on severe gall* with equal success.
 On a mashed finger that very paiutol it op
 cratec like a charm. Your*,
 A. VAN OK DEN.
 KXTRAURDiNARY Cttfc.
 F*ar ntrle* north &lt;d Imago, (no rood to
 Milwaukee,; Osh so., lil., April 13, W.
 Jitt BLos %~l)‘fsr Sir One of my fe.rte* l«ad
 brae finny Tumor on his for art boor, lauoeiirntrtjr
 •Oder the toflu, which lamed him ami iemh-red hM
 services &lt;4 verv little vahie. I fiiifcfilh sjv|*ed
 several boulea of Dr Taylor’s Nerve and Bone
 Liniment, without the least fomfit- I
 cured Wilder*. Cefelrai.d ifore* V 555 2 m
 ured that ruHil I lerasne tolly
 never relusve the a udomL
 box of Tour truly »»hsdJe f buttw ri, anil t lews
 than 60 days (kau the tost tousor
 lkrl3 IfclAfoVKD AKHn t KOVO.
 o*ATtrtl* li INTELLIGENCE.
 tmJ a ,4 the country where “fitom's
 j Cu* ditosu Powder” have ins
 .'amAicrd. the |sn*ftftrl«r has rweitrsl the mum
 Trlif) *~y of tfoo resnar kabir rflrr t an
 Laghrsp In a isulaiu* of iMrtanrea, thry hate
 gPMkcil over iluraer wboh tout IsUßed tin- sfctU
 «f (sUsslol Farviet*. and were rotuude *d ire or*
 hi*. Three medicines are rapntty Wfconiug alt
 ether ram*o*4a now tn tsse, for deteasud horses and
 4Mfo teft
"
