"POETRY*
MEMORY.
 TTf'c* como* a voirr that aw ak*n» m;
 i» th&gt;&gt; r.tx* of vi*iu* that hit th&gt; y roll befcn
 with all Untir &gt;W* I*.—O»UR.
 Titer** f iitetli a jflatful Roy at tlic door
 Hi* tiin.l t* Hitting fere;
 Ilia tin* f'-rt i»- hi l in the rami,
 Ami linyrth car*l*&gt;lr.
 Attl he an'l t!iinl&lt; of hi* hnrwt ami ftia
 lie lft on the pailjr tmt,
 Art-1 mi w ith eVer fisxl tlrai there.
 Hut *tnj&gt;* t*&gt; UiiaK mi rixHT.
 There h ninth a Youth annulj the •l*ruu.U
 t*t a *!&gt;ip at mm;
 lie lire* in tin; lr».*e a ill w in U to ait,
 Art! court f.»nj Menton
 A n l com* tti« eye ***r tie fatniaf «tir*»,
 Knt’, tlie wi ll’* *n l far;
 JTrt Ik think*—he think of a moLW'i kirc.
 And tun* with t?ar&gt; aw; y.
 An Oil Mat *itt&lt;*t!i ln—i a grare,
 ll»« Ink* all cilveml o’er;
 1100 thn* tmuiihr now. a* he *!i;»kcth hi* hva I,
 And nir.gi'tii— Alt? n i in in
 And he ttclmh with a nt*f\ kriif*,
 To fra**)* tlx; letter*oil;
 Ami Iw draw* hi* nogli lu 1 1 o*cr hie eje*,
 I’or tix; Idler* he hath to! I.
 An 1 he nsr-tii hi* eve on a hill tek neaf,
 With a i ol 1 m cor«rv i m-w»;
 Ail weqK'..i t think of hi* car U frismi.
 An i eroa.v'li—“ All -tl'in
 But he tt i« n &gt;1 lone, f./r lx* *.it there still,
 An I jo; t'.xir Ciir.jKir,
 A»l thar* Ik* rat a »cf&gt;ulchre
 To rej'ivc .Memory.
 From the Pcmtßjivanin Freeman.
 Fftr.i.iif&gt; m \s ciati i i:ri ncl
 A voice ii i* sr 'tc forth, an I the I ind is awak**,
 Our fr n?!i s'«:i!l j-ith«*r from oeean f i Lkr
 Our cau«t i.« as pare as the earth ev-r saw
 A id our fail i \\c will pi* ii ill* thnliiiig huzza.
 Tiio.i buizi' lie n huzza!
 Truth’s s’iucrinj lalc'iiri fn fret* lain we draw.
 l,rt tiwrri lilarken our name*, and pursue ns irttu.iil,
 t).ir Ix-atT* s!i til lx; fiithful to liliorly still;
 Then rally! 'hen rally! came one -rad come all,
 M ith harass well gir&lt;lc I, and rrh*» the rail,
 Till in tntai an 1 valley, an I forest, and river,
 lies mad with the watchword of Freedom forever!”
 Thy hdl-t.ips, New K i dual, s'rail leaji at the cry,
 A a the prairie an 1 tar-distant South shall reply;
 li shall roll o’er the land til! the farthermost "lea
 C»ives lit; k the "la sum n ms again and again.
 Oppression shall hear i.i Isis tempi* of liluod,
 An l road hi its Midi tii h:ta l-untiri" of (Jod.
 IS'ia":u ,’s t irrent slid! ihuader it forth—
 It shall burn in the sentinel sUr of the North;
 It shall Id.iz&lt;* in the Jijhtiiiii", an 1 speak in the
 thunder.
 Till Slavery’s f**U.*r« are riven asunder.
 An I tree Ima her rig its iia« triumphantly won,
 A.riour country l»r ganraats ot luautv put &lt;in.
 Then huzza! then liuzza!
 Truth’* glittering filchioa lor freedom we draw!
 l.et ch'* ii lilaekc i our names, and pursue os with ill.
 We bow at thy altar, bright Liiwrtr, still!
 As tlie breeze of the mountain sweeps over the river,
 So, caung'dess an! free, shall oar thoughts lie for
 ever.
 Tli"n on l tli** conflict fir Freedom and Truth;
 Cmm* matron, com*.* maiden, c me manhood and
 youth;
 C*o:n ith ;r! com" gatliei come one a id come all,
 A*i soon shall the altars of Slavery fall;
 lit r captives exulting shall 1 up from their cliain.-'J'
 And justice shaii give them tlveir birthright again, j
 The firests shall know it, ml lift tip their voice
 To In 1 the gr* *n prairies and valleys rcjoic-;
 And the Father of Water* join Mexico’s sea,
 la the aatlicin of Nature tor millions set free.
 Th*n huzza! then huzza!
 Truth’s glilteru'g faiediion for fieedornpvcjdraw.
 Through shame an 1 through honor, through good
 and through ill,
 Wo Isuv at thins altar, bright Lilv*rtv, still!
 Timagli fierce lx* the conflict, yet faint nor. waver,
 Hat ung out the battle-cry’Freedom forever! j
 _
 TO THE LA ROUE !l FOR lILMAMTY.
 BY ALICE CARET.
 Sharpen t’.ic axe, thou man of iron nerve,
 And from thy steady purpo*" never swerve,
 Ffut lay it ut the roots of tliat cirr I tree,
 Tiic growth of ec ituries, whose fruit is pride—
 Darkly it* *ha low fell where Jesus died,
 And the rixl bosom ofol 1 Bigotry,
 Forg’tful of our cwiiimon lirutherh jo
 Jo the deep sham*- of Christianity,
 Hath nursed its jiuisoii nxit* with innocent Hood!
 D al death-blow:.- to Oppression! Rase the wail
 That keeps the I’oor from Opulence apart
 Butter the corner-stone out, though its fill
 Jar to the tin,*-heart
 Of queenly iieauly scoli at t iio b ild dee
 ’Twill let the common su ir-hine and tlie air
 Come to tlie hut ari 1 hovel; an I thv tneeJ
 Shall Ik* a tribute of true tears and prayer!
 Wrench out tli" liatnmer from the grasping hand
 Of the loath 'd trafinkrr in flesh and blood,
 And h*t tlx* bondman tree and upright stand,
 Just as floil made him, who pronounced him.
 Loosen hi* cramping chain, and let him go
 Hack tojths “nurse ol lions,” and there grow good!
 To a more |x*rfert stature. Who dare fin I,
 Or fix a limit to 'he immortal min
 Be faithful io’Couvicti&lt;i**f Never pause
 In a feigned reverence to unrighteous law*;
 But tear the drapery of Custom I sick,
 An*l l i the hideous giblx-t and the rack
 Show us their bloody heads; an.i let us sec
 The blaze &lt;&gt;f the grim afdhld. That were light
 d\ hereby tlx* hand J limest In Justly
 Might cut th hang man’s curds, am! knot them tigh,
 'i’o traces for the exen!
 On the png"
 Ot tlie worl I’s hist iry a new era date!
 K'xit out the th irn., but f*-r the -garden wait,
 ’1 ili the y n i; eh.Lln*n of n loilx *g.*,
 M hen rich and d.*ep tlx* the ri t H:ned liarvesl stands,
 Slmll bind tlx- gol leu ve* with their w hitc hands.
 A*i I fin i knt t; iw ts am ng l!n*m. 'llk.-g shall Lc
 1 hy la*ueL, I.jihaier f u ILiinanitv
 From the Dublin Nation,
 WF.RE I HI T Ills OWN WIFE.
 Were I but hi* own wife, t. guard a i t, grjdc him,l
 ’Tis little i.f t &gt;rr iw sa.mil 1 tali o*. my dear;
 I’d chant I &gt;w love-verses, stealing L .-i !e him,
 ft.i I'.iint ax! so te i 'cr his beast would but lx *r: 1
 I’d |m!! tin* wil HI :oni* from v «!k*y au-i highland J
 An*.; there a! hi- f* &gt;*t I w.*a! i lay timni ail down;
 I’ l *iii" him the *im*"s of o* |w M &gt;r *ti ieken Irefan I,!
 Till ins h n.t was on .nv witha bve l.kc in*. o ~n.
 Tlier**’* a rose by his dwelling—l’d tend tin* loti:
 treasure,
 That h* might have flowers when the Summer!
 would com
 Tlien 's a harp in his hub—l woull wake it? sweet
 measure,
 For he must luve uiusie. to l rightmi hi* home.
 Were 1 liut hi* own wif**, to guide and to guard him,
 l i. little .*f utov. sh in!.! fill on iny dear;
 For every k!.il gl.cire iny whole life would reward
 him—
 In siekfies* I’d sooth", ami in #adne*n JM cheer.
 My h. :ul i» fount, welling upward firever—
 heti I think of my true ‘..vc nigtif or Iw *!ay,
 1 hat ix;ait keeps it, fii a, like a fast-flowing river
 M inch g'i*h'-s forevi, .o. miig* o&gt;i its wav.
 I lutve thought* full ol jx a-efn his soul to repouc in. 1
 Were I bet bi* own wife to win n r! to woo
 Ol' •WC.-'t, I. tlx.: »l dlt of mist*Mill if* weir clrsill
 To rx—. Ilk* »V U«*S tier* ir oil \.Mf
SELECTIOim.
Fm«n the LAieffr BHI.
 COME AJTD DO IT BETTE B.
 The err is often raided against the
 Anti-Slaver)' folk, “Thejr work is a
 good one; the end srood; perhaps the
 motive—hut the method foolish and the
 spirit bad. We also hate Slavery in
 the abstract; res more, we hate it in
 the concrete; hut we do not like the
 measure* of the Anti-Slavery men, and
 we dishke their spirit.”
 To all such we say —That sound*
 I very honest.—You like the aim but not
 the means. Come and do it better.
 There is room enough and to spare. Il
 i you hate Slavery, abstract and concrete
 1 —let your hatred appear in your action.
 If you like not our path travel in your
 own, with what progress you may, and
 j G d e-K.*ed you, say We. If you like
 not our society, r,r our name, why,
 work in simh company as you will, and
 i with such a name as you shell get;
 only work.
 1 Then; are two ways of criticising an
 action—one is to s!t down and tell how
 bad the action is, how faulty, hou
 inadequate; the other is—to set exnrn
 j pies of better actions. One is criticism
 by censure, the other criticism by
 creation. Now the Anti-Slavery men
 I have been so abundantly blessed With
 i the first kind of criticism that they are
 almost afraid it is lost upon them. Pray
 give them a little of the latter; criticise
 them by example. Reform their bad
 hand by setting them a good copy.
 The politician—that is, the party-man
 j says,“ Hut the Anti-Slaverv men actu
 ally abuse the State. We like their
 work, not their abuse. To such we
 say again: Come and do it better.
 Oppose Slavery; prevent its extension;
 get it ended, and all that without abus
 ing the State. Only oppose it manfully,
 openly, and with a continual front—as
 the Democrats oppose Protection; as
 the Whigs, Free-Trade. You say—
 The Anti-Slavery men do not like the
 Constitution, call it pro-slavery and
 the like, —so they are enemies of their
 country.” They have small reason for
 liking the Constitution as it is now. It
 is no great wonder that a mail who
 1 bclives “all men are created equal,
 endowed by their Creator with certain
 unalienable rights,”—should dislike
 that part of the Constitution which per
 petuates Slavery, which bind’s men to
 defend Slavery, to bear arms in its
 behalf, to pay money for supporting it,
 to deliver up a fugitive who makes his
 declaration of independence—setting
 up on his own unalienable right to life,
 liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
 Remove this blot out of the Constitution
 and no Anti-Slavery man, as such, will
 quarrel with it.—But as things now go,
 the Defender of the Constitution as
 it is; as onr fathers left it t&lt;&gt; us,” is
 in daiiger of becoming a defender not
 of Freedom, but of Slavery; nat a
 friend to his country., but a foe who
 fastens about her neck a mill-stone
 which must, at last drown her in the
 depths of that sea which swallows up
 wicked States. Get a Constitution
 which does not protect the robber of
 men, and what Anti-S!averv man will
 wag his tongue against it.'' Oppose
 Slavery iri your own way, without
 abusing the State.
 The sectarian—the man of a theolo
 gical party —says likewise: But the
 Anti-Slavery men abuse the churches,
 speak ill of the orthodoxy of our times,
 and have no great faith in the clergy
 themselves. —We like their work, but
 not their abuse of the churches.” To
 them also we say: Come and do it
 better. Oppose Slavery with the same
 zeal that you oppose heresy, infidelity,
 unbelief, and without abusing the
 churches, slighting the orthodoxy ol
 the day, or without underrating the
 clergy,—only oppose it. Take as much
 pains to teach (Mmsttanity, with all
 that belongs thereto —the whole coun
 sel of God—to the slave and the master
 in the United States, as you take to
 send missionaries to India, China, and
 the Sandwich Islands. Perhaps the
 negro, ou the Gaboon river, docs not
 need a missionary to help save his
 soul more than the negro-driver on
 the Potomac or the Cattahooclr*. The
 heathenism of Eastern nations is very
 had—no doubt; but the heathenism of
 America is a little nearer at hand uml
 more inexcusable. But oppose Slavery
 if you can and not oftend the churches.
 Is it true that the Anti-Slavery men
 speak ill of the churches except so far
 as those churches uphold Slavery by
 speech or silencer It has net yet been
 shown. In opposing churches, church
 doctrines, and church-servants, the
 Anti-Slavery men only meant to oppose
 them so far as they upheld Slavery.
 Surety they never thwarted the efforts
 of any church which aimed to promote
 goodness and piety amongst men. Put
 suppose they have erred a little in
 opposing the churches which never
 liked an opponent —and you see the
 error. Why, extend a little charity
 toward them; criticise them bravely by
 setting a better example while sparing
 the churches. Contend you, with all
 vour might, against Slavery. The old
 opponents of Savery will never disturb
 you: the slave shall bless 'ou. One
 day the churches shall call you a
 Saint —which is a trifle. To-day the
 angel of the churches shall sav:—
 “Well done, good and faithful ser
 vant!”
 Good, s'-ber, quiet inen.say: “The
 Anti-Slavery men are light in the main.
 Slavery is not the only wrong of our
 times; but the worst and the most in
 excusable. W e find little fault with
 what they say about the State or the
 churches, thinking that pretty well de
 served. But they quarrel with one an
 other: the Old School, is bigoted, the
 Eibcrty party sectarian, both hate one
 another in »st cordially, nnd wust**
 their lives in mutual coulcnmn. We
 like their w ork, but not their quarrels.”
 To such likewise we say: Come and
 d-&gt; it better. Do it without bigotry,
 without sectarianism, without quarrel
 ling. But be sure and do it.
 Quarrelling i*» no new thing. Some
 times tie re has been a little jarring
 among political nipn—one has known
 of such things at Conventions, when
 only men of one party met together.
 A quarrel amongst sectarians is a
 thing that has happened. Perhaps
 thcie was never n council of divines
 the most orthodox, or most heterodox,
 but they separated after a little strife,
 and went h&lt;une with heart burning*
rmtf l i 1 g
 at least fome of them. Meo who
 I to discu&amp;a the method of Prison
 pline bring their old quimh from the
 Convention or the street, and bardljr
 keep the peace. Still notwithstanding
 the great age and undeniable respeeta-
 L Itilit v of the habit of quarrelling, calling
 hard names, and getting red in the
 faco—it is a bad habit, and we are glad
 1 to ace you dislike it. Therefore set
 1 Abolitionists an example; oppose sla
 very wit bunt quarrelling. Spend all
 jour strength on the enemy don t
 »a**te a shot by any random fire, or in
 any private quam I. Who knows but
 1 you are exactly the inen that are need
 ed to bring down the game after the
 bush has been so long beaten and so
 much ado has been made on all sides:
 Criticise by superior creation. Coinc
 ‘I and do it better!
 Ij THKOUORE PARKER.
 c
 j bLAV£KOLDf&gt;G IESII.MONI TO THE
 Value of Freedom. A projiosition
 has been before the Legislature ot
 South Carolina, to grant permission to
 a Mr. Adams to emancipate one of his
 slaves. The slave was the servant ol
 h s son, Lieut. Adams, of the Edge
 ficld Volunteers, engaged in the Mexi
 can war. Eicut. Adams fell at the
 liattle of Chut übusco, and the devotion
 of the poor slave Charles to las young
 master, and his zeal in fighting the
 butties of bis country, hare induced the
 father to wish to bestow upon him the
 boon of Freedom. He therefore asks
 the Legislature to permit him to do so.
 Chivalrous S. Carolina would scarcely
 deny such a request.
 What a testimony is here borne re
 specting the slaveholder’s estimate of
 freedom to the slave! A father mourns
 the loss of a beloved son. Over
 whelmed with grief, his atfections go
 i out to ail who loved that son. The fi
 delity of the slave who fought by his
 side on the battle-field, and watched
 with affectionate sorrow by the dead
 body of his young master, through the
 long day and night, awakens the
 fataer’s gratitude, and he longs to re
 compense such untiring devotion to one
 so dear to himself, by the best gifts
 which he can bestow. And what gift
 does he choose? The slave’s freedom,
 lie feels that no greater can he be
 stowed, and that nothing less than this
 will satisfy Ids own heart. He asks
 permission to set the slave free. It has
 been ever thus, when an individual or a
 State has wished to confer reward upon
 a slave for some highly meritorious ser
 vice, freedom lias been the first thought.
 Aye! give him freedom. They know
 that they can give him nothing more
 precious. In acting thus they are true
 to their own nature. But are they so,
 when they declare, as they often do,
 th.it freedom would he a curse to the
 slave—that he desires it not,and is con
 tent with his condition? If they really
 believe their own assertions, they have
 a strange way of manifesting their
 gratitude. But they do not believe
 them. A voice from the depths of their
 soul protests againt the words of their
 lips. Let no one, then, be deluded by
 those stale falsehoods respecting the in
 capacity of the slave for the enjoyntent
 of freedom, and his contentedness in
 bondage.— Penn. Freeman.
 MOTHER AMELIA.
 HY EDMUND QUINCY.
 A few weeks since, I paid a visit to
 a revered and beloved relative, who en
 joys the evening of a long and well
 spent life, in one of the most beautiful
 of our inland towns. Our conversation
 was chielly of the past. We talked of
 the people and custom of times which
 preceded the Revolution; of the siege ol
 Boston; of (.lenerai Washington and
 lJr. Franklin, and of tlie officers of the
 French licet, v. ho, at a later period,
 were in habits of Ultimate intercourse
 with the family of her father—my great
 grandfather, at Braintree, now kiuincv.
 Among other things, wc talked of the
 “patriarchal system,” as it existed in
 New England, seventy years since.—
 She told me of the attention which was
 paid to the religious instruction of her
 lather’s slaves; of thi ir attachment to
 the family; which, however, did not
 prevent their running away upon occa
 sion;) and of the kind treatment they
 received. Uistiactions, however, were
 made between them aud the white ser
 vants, and they always sat at separate
 tables, though they were on the best
 possible terms.
 Mv aunt spi-ke with particular affec
 tion of one of the slaves, who was her
 nurse, and who w as known in the fam
 ily as mother C’crlia. I had before
 heard of Mother Cm ha; for an uncertain
 tradition had come dow n in the nursery
 of the family, even to my times,
 about her. 1 well remember the mys
 terious idea I had of her, as a child;
 and that, after dark, I would have made
 any reasonable circuit to avoid passing
 through the room in which she was'
 said to have died. My aunt, at my re
 rpiest, gJive me a connected account of
 her; some particular ot which stem to
 me worth preserving,
 Ccelia was brought to Boston from
 Afi ica at seven years of age. and was
 immediately purchased by my great
 grandfather. In his family she remain
 ed tiil her dcr.th. She believed that she
 was made of the true porcelain clay of
 Africa, and that she we;u!d have been
 entitled to the lank aud precedence of
 a princess of the Blood, had she re
 mained in that country; and her opin
 ion was confirmed hy a'sort of tattooing,
 supposed toLe peculiar to royrffty. Si;e
 was an uncommonly handsome woman,
 of a strong mind and a tiue hcait.—
 She had, t*.*o, as good an education as
 was generally thought necessary at that
 period fer women in any rank of lile;
 that is to say, she had been taught to
 read and write. i&lt;he received into her
 arms the n&gt;e*mbers ol a numerous iutn
 ily at their biith, and closed tire eyes u(
 many of them in death. Mie tenderly
 loved her master aud his children, aud
 was regarded by them rather as an
 humble friend, than as a slave; but her
 high spirit cculd never become recon
 ciltd to her servile condition. The
 draught of slavery was still hitter, tho’j
 commended to her lij* by a kind and
 friendly hand.
 Mother C-otiia would gather the little
 inhabitants of the nursery around her, j
 and tell them how, at their tender age, j
 &gt;he was literally token by force out of
 her fmher’s sum*, and carried away'
into a strange land, and sold into hope
 leu captivity.
 I do out telT jo** these things," in;
 dears, she would add, to nnute yot
 think hardly of your lathe/ for buying
 inr; for he only did wliat everybod;
 else does, and be has always been i
 good master to me; but when yon grov
 up. don’t you buy slaves.’
 44 From that lime, said my ex
 cellent aunt, 44 1 have been an aboii
 to i rust.”
 Ca iia, in the course of her pilgrim
 age, bad been married, ami had tei
 children, all of whom died young. On*
 day, my aunt, when sitting at play b;
 her side in the nursery, said in all th*
 hrcdlessness of childhood: “Mothe
 Crelia, are you not sorry that ail you
 children are dead
 44 No, my dear, she replied, turoin*
 quickly upon her; no, my dear, 1 d&lt;
 ngt w«ut slaves to live!”
 Just before the revolutionary wai
 broke out, when liberty W3S as familial
 in men’s mouths as it now is, and some'
 what nearer their hearts, many of th&lt;
 slaves throughout New- England wen
 unreasonable enough to think that th«
 principles w hich I hey heaid daily main
 fnined applied to blacks as well as
 whites; and unscrupulously helpec
 themselves to their freedom. Ot thi;
 number were most of the slaves ot nn
 great-grandfather. He was a zealotn
 Whig; and to the credit ol his consis
 tenev, be it told, he took no measurer
 for the recovery of his property.”
 Codia had made up her inind to fol
 low their example, when her iutentionr
 came to the ear of her master. He, ir
 all kindness, expostulated with her or
 her determination. He told her he
 should make no opposition to her plan
 if she chose to adhere to it; hut he re
 minded her that they had grown old to
 gether, that she had ever received tin
 kindest treatment at his hands; and Ik
 described to her the difference she
 would find in her situation, when en
 tirely dependent on her own industry
 for support, Compared with what il
 would be if she had him to look up to,
 1 know very w ell,” said lie, thm
 vou can get a good livingju Boston a&lt;
 a cook or confectioner, as long as youi
 strength lasts; but the time must scor
 arrive when you are too old to work;
 and your health may fail before thai
 time comes. In such an event, yoi
 must be left to the charity of strangers,
 or come upon the parish; w-hereas, i:
 vou remain in my service, you may de
 pend upon being treated, in age or ir
 sickness, with the same tenderness 1
 would bestow on a sister or a daughter
 If you persist in your intention of leav
 ing me, I snail give iny consent; bui
 I wish you to take a few days to re
 flect upon what I have said, and tlicr
 decide.”
 These arguments, combined w ith hei
 affection for her master’s family, pre
 vailed over her thirst for freedom, ani
 she remained with him to the end of hei
 days.
 A few' years after, she was scizec
 with her last illness. On her death
 bed her master addressed her to this
 effect: Ccelia, did I not advise you
 well? You have now in your lust sick
 ness all the comforts and luxuries
 w hich iny fortune can command, or thal
 I would bestow on my wife or daughter,
 Are you not satisfied that you arc
 much better off now, than you would
 have been had you taken your freedom,
 as you wished?”
 No, sir,” replied the slave, turning
 her dying eyes upon her master—“No,
 sir, for then I should have died
 Free
 I do not know whether others will
 deem these traits worthy of a record;
 but it appears to me, if tlic.se replies
 had been made by a Roman Matron,
 carried captive to Carthage, or into
 Pontes, historians would have inscribed
 them upon their pages, and Ccelia
 would have been as honored a name
 upon the lips of all posterity, as those of
 Arria or Cornelia.
 The Slave Trade. —The following
 is an extract from a letter recently re
 ceived in this city from respectable
 sources at Rio Janeiro:
 Ilcrc there is nothing particularly
 new, tilings jogging on much the same
 as when vou left us. The slave trade
 is brisk. The recent orders which the
 Consul has received, to grant sailing
 certificates to any American vessel
 which may be sold here to American
 citizens, whatever the destination may
 be, have given a great impetus to it.
 We are very sorry to learn this. Il
 orders have been given to the American
 Consul, of so very general a nature as
 is here said, it is the very method to
 encourage, to protect, to pamper, in
 fact, the slave trade. Let us see how,
 then, this is managed.
 It is desired to fit out a vessel for a
 slave expedition from Rio. An Ameri
 can is found unprincipled enough to
 lend his name—the same name will
 serve for a hundred transactions of the
 kind—and there is no dishonest strata
 gem by which money is to be made,
 which cannot, on taking a little pains,
 find a fitting agent. The vessel is sold
 to the American, and the Consul gives
 a certificate of nationality. The Por
 tuguese captain, a veteran perhaps in
 the Slave trade, aecutComcd to skulk
 along the African const, is put on beard
 ar.d sails with American colors. On
 the sea the vessel is American or Por
 tuguese, a 3 may serve its turn; it comes
 back w ith a cargo of slaves, and lands
 them on the liiazi ian coast as a Por
 tuguese ship. Thus our flag, the cer
 tificate of our consul, and the American
 name, arc abused to the most atrocious
 of purposes. —Rrenlng Post.
 Trie Courage. —He that thinks,
 speaks, writes, and publishes truth
 only, without fear, favor, or speech cf
 others, and lhat in kindness to all sub
 scribers, possesses it. If a portion of
 the publishers of newspapers should
 form a league of brotherhood, to pub
 lish truth, without respect to party,
 sect, or denomination, tlicr would
 double tbeir subscription list in a very
 short time.— tlx.
 otJt o*—l have livrH to know that the
 great secret &amp;f human happiness is thi*—
 never suffer your energies to stagnate. The
 old adage of too many irons in the fire,' 4
 conveys an -hon.mahle be. Yoa cannot have
 too many pofcrr, tongs, and aH—keep them
 »n ptmg -Dr. Untie.
ItATVRE.
 A nobler want of man i§ served by
 nature —namely, the tore of beauty.
 ,1 Sock is the constitution of all thing#, or
 such the plastic power of the human
 i eye, that the primary form, as the aky,
 the mountain, the tree, the give
 us a delight in and for themselves a
 .pleasure arising from outline, color,
 motion, mmf grouping. And as the eyre’
 is the best composer, so light is the first
 of painters. There is no object so foul
 t that intense light will not make beauti
 luL And the stimulus it afford* toi
 the sense, and a soit of infinitude which
 it hath, like space and time, will make
 ail matter gay. But besides this gener
 al grace diffused over nature, almost
 all the individual forms arc agreeable
 to the eye, as is proved by our endless
 imitations of seme of them; a* the acorn,
 the grape, the pine-cone, the wheat-ear,
 the egg, the wirgs and forms of most
 birds, the lion’s claw, the serpent, the*
 butterfly, sea-shells, flames, clouds,!
 i buds, leaves and the forms of many
 I trees, as the palm.
 The influence ofthe forms and actions 1
 in nature is so neceful to man, that, in
 its lowest functions, it seems to lie on
 the confines of Commodity and Beauty.
 1 To the body and mind which have been
 cramped by noxious work or company,
 nature is medicinal and restores their!
 tone. The tradesman, tho attorney,!
 comes out of the din and craft of the i
 street, and sees the sky and the woods, i
 and is a man again. In their eternal
 calm he finds himself. The health of
 the eye seems to demand a horizon.—.
 We are never tired so long as we can
 sec far enough.
 But in other hours nature satisfies the,
 soul purely by its lovliness, and without
 any mixture of corporeal benefit. 1
 i have seen the spectacle of the morning'
 from the hill-top over against my house,-
 from day break to sunrise, with erno-i
 tiona which an angel might share. The
 j long slender bars of cloud float like
 fishes in the sea of crimson light. From j
 t the earth, as a shore, I look out into
 that silent sea. I seem to partake its,
 rapid transformations; the active cn-
 ehantment reaches my dust, and I di
 -1 late and conspire with the morning
 I wind. How does nature deify us with a
 few and cheap elements! Gire me
 i health and a day, and I irill make the 1
 pomp of emperor 8 ridiculous. The
 I dawn is my Assyria, the sunset and
 j moonrise my Paphos, and unimagina
 ble realms of fairie.”— Emerson.
 JENNY LIND AND THE
 COTTAGERS.
 It seems that Miss Jenny, being one
 of those young ladies who much delight
 to see what can be seen, whilst staying
 at the Bath Hotel, ordered out her
 (carriage, and, accompanied by her
 j friend Mrs. Grote, and other parties, 1
 took a drive for the purpose of enjoy-j
 ing the beautiful scenery for which our
 much favored neighborhood is so cele-l
 brated. Amongst other places thus f
 visited, was the picturesque village of
 j Henbury; and here, as a matter jfj
 course, the party were shown the Hen-,
 bury Cottages. Jenny w as much grati
 tied, nay, positively enchanted. She
 praised the neat arrangements of this
 peaceful spot, in whose very quietude
 and simplicity she seemed intuitively to
 sympathise. Having taken the round
 and surveyed the exterior of the build
 ings, she at last entered one ofthe!
 dwellings, where she was received by
 two of the aged occupants. The old
 t women were busily employed with their
 knitting, whilst high above them, in a
 cage, a prisoi blackbird warbled its
 woed-notes wild, making the low ly cot
 resound with its charming melody.— 1
 The old cottagers and Jenny were soon
 on intimate terms; she examined their
 knitting, and chatted away in a mo*t
 affable manner. “What a beautiful
 bird is yours,” she at last remarked.,
 Yes my lady, ’tis indeed a pretty
 creature; we calls un Jenny Lind.”—
 “Oh! indeed,” remarked Jenny, with
 a smile; I fear you aie too compli
 mentary to that person; have you ever
 heard her sing?” “La! no, my lady;
 it ain’t the likes of we as she would
 care to sing tor” “Then would you
 like fo hear her, do you think?” “Ah,
 that l should, indeed,” was the reply
 of one. “And I, too,” said the other
 she must he a dear crectur.” “Well,
 said the fair questioner,” as something
 very like a tear glistened in her clear
 blue eyes, I am Jenny Lind, and I
 shall be happy to gratify you.” Where
 upon she. immediately sang one of her
 pretty melodies', to the great delight of
 her aged auditors, who, with many pro
 testations of thankfulness, vowed that
 they should “long remember the dav
 when the sweet voung ladv paid ’em a
 visit. —Bristol Mirror.
 Murder of two Overseeks.—The
 Columbus, (Ga.) Lnquirerhas the par
 ticulars of a murder committed in
 Randolph Co. upon two Negro Traders,
 Trvtter and Bolton, by two of their
 slaves. They had encamped for the
 night in a wood, and while lying to
 gether on a matrass, asleep, the negro
 men took position, one on each side of
 their victims, and at a given signal cut
 their throats w ith a razor. Trotter was
 not so fatally cut as was Bolton, and
 w as able to jump up, when he was de
 spatched with an axe! The bodies
 were then carried off a mile distant,
 and thrown from a bridge into a creek,
 when the hiurderers proceeded to se
 cure the money and burn the notes and
 papers of the deceased, and having set
 on fire the bloody matrass, put out 11
 with the carryall and horses in the di
 rection of Marion Co., taking the hoy
 with them. The fire having communi
 cated to the woods, the murders were
 discovered, and the slaves pursued and
 caught. j
 _
 Kextuckv Slave Law.—The bilk
 w hich had been for some time before the j
 Senatorial branch of the Kentucky Lc-, 1
 gislature, to repeal in part and other- 1
 w ise modify the lawr of 1833 against thi*
 importation of slaves into Kentucky, re-
 reived ita quietus on Saturday last.— 1
 Strenuous efforts wpre made to amend
 it, but without nictiM, and it waa final-
 ly lost on ita third reading, by a vote of J
 19 to 17. A prolonged and very oh- 1
 annate effort was made in 1830 or ’43, 1
 to repeal the non-importation law, but
 failed. The subject has been up, with 1
 |ike *uccc««, nearly every session birice. I
Tfflp BLimetS OP MITOT.
 Thw if nothing more touching in
 tfc* history of literature than the mis
 fortune which befel the Bard of Paradise
 Lost, as related by himself.
 It is now, 1 think, about ten years
 since I perceived my vision to grow
 weak and dull: and at the same time,
 I was troubled with pain in my kidney*
 and bowels, accompanied with flatulen
 cy. In the morning, if I began to read,
 as was my custom, my eyes instantly
 ached intensely, but were refreshed
 after a little corporeal exercise. The
 candle w hich t looked at seemed as it
 it were encircled by a rainbow. Not
 long after the sight in the left part ot
 the left eye [which I lost some years
 before the other j became quite obscured
 ami prevented me from discovering any
 object on that side. The sight in my
 other eye has now been gradually and
 sensibly vanishing away for about three
 years; some months before it had en
 tirely perished, though I stood motion
 less, everything which 1 looked ht seem
 ed in motion to and fro. A stiff cloudy
 vapor seemed to have settled on my
 forehead and temples, which usually
 occasions a suit of somnolent pressure
 upon my eyes, and particularly from
 dinner till evening. So that 1 often re
 collect wiir.t is said of the poet Phineas
 in the Argonautics:—
 A sttifx-r tlceplii* cloudy temples bound
 And when he wnke-l he spouted a* whit lint; roun-J.
 Or in afreLle ti nner in* la_&gt;.
 I ought not to omit that, while l had
 any sight left, as soon as 1 lay down on
 my bed, and turned on either side, a
 flood of light used to gush from inv
 closed eyelids. Then as my sight be
 came daily more impaired, the colors
 became more faint, and were emitted
 with a certain cracking sound; but eve
 ry species of illumination being, as it
 were, extinguished, there is diffused a
 round me nothing but darkness, or dark
 ness mingled and streaked with an ashy
 brown. Vet the darkness iu which 1
 am perpetually immersed seems always
 by night and by day, to approach nearer
 to a white than a black; and when the
 eye is rolling in its socket, it admits a
 little particle oflight as through a chink.
 And though your physicians may kindle
 a small ray of hope, yet I make up my
 mind to the malady as quite incurable;
 and often reflect, that as the wise man
 admonishes, days of darkness are de
 stined to each of us. The darkness
 which I experience, less oppressive
 than that of the tomb, is owing to the
 singular goodness of the Deity, passec
 amid the pursuits of literature and the
 cheering salutations of friendship. Bui
 if, as it is written, man shall not live b}
 bread alone, but by every word tha
 procccdeth from the mouth of God
 why may not any one acquiesce in tin
 privation of his sight, w hen God has s
 amply furnished his mind and his con
 science with eyes Milton's Pros
 Harks.
 TRIFI.CS.
 Somebody has said, there is no sncl
 thing in the world as a trifle; and al
 are ready to acknowledge, that th&lt;
 most trivial event of our fives mav lx
 followed by the most important results
 A step to the right or the left preserve:
 the soldier from the unseen bullet. A
 hasty word has cost many a man hi:
 life, and an idle laugh or u carcles
 jest has broken the ties of the strongest
 friendship. Coniines, the historian,
 was once visiting the duke of Bur
 gundy, and returning from hunting, he
 sportively commanded the Duke to pull
 off his boot. The duke performed the
 service for him, but concluded by
 thrusting the hoot into the histo
 rian’s lace. l or this otfoncc Com
 ines ever afterwards sought by his
 writings to render the duke infamous;
 ar;d when many years had passed, his
 books wore tinctured with the venom
 of hatred.
 It is impossible for the full results ol
 any action to be foreseen. The future
 cannot be reached from the highest
 pedestal of the present. Many deeds,
 at first, seem as insignificant as the
 little mountain stream, that sends out
 into the valley a slender tiny thread,
 but which goes on enlarging and ex
 panding until it becomes a mighty
 river. “No man can at the same
 time fill his cup from the source and
 lVorn the mouth of the Nile.” The
 little waters that genius calls forth from
 the rock of truth in this day, are des
 tined to become the salvation streams
 of future generations. Who of the
 living of our time will be denominated
 greatest in future ages is all a mystery,
 Perhaps he is now bending over his
 flickering lamp, in some dim closcl
 which the world’s cold eye has never
 penetrated, or perchance is in the fur
 row toiling for his daily bread.
 Tamerlane, afterward the mightv
 conqueror of Asia, once, when a young
 man, rested from his labors despondent.
 Musing upon the difficulties of life, his
 eye fell upon an ant climbing up a
 steep bill with a giain of corn. Re
 peatedly it fell back w ith its burden, and
 not until the seventieth trial were it?
 efforts successful. The warrior ir
 after life, crowned with the glories ol
 Conquest, declared that in counties?
 emergencies he had been preserved
 from despair by the recollection of the
 perseverance of the ant. When thal
 monarch swept through Asia at thr
 head of Jib countless legions, like a
 destroying whirlwind, he rode on tin
 back of that insignificant ant. And
 when he built his pyramid of seventy
 thousand human skulls, lie might have
 appropriately crowned it w ith the ani
 and its burden.
 Robert Bruce, once hopeless tiiat hr
 should liberate Scotland, retired to s
 hut, and threw himself on a heap o:
 straw, almost overpowered with inenta
 agony; and looking round, he saw i
 spider endeavoring to awing itself by a
 thread from one beam to another. De
 feat seemed but to add vigor to its
 efforts; and at the eighth attempt ii
 gained its end. Bruce rememberer
 that he had been defeated just sever
 times. He considered the occurrence
 a presage of bis own future success
 lie called his followers around him
 inspired them with fresh courage, am
 released his couutry from the grasp o
 the oppressor,
 Helen,, the most beautiful woman o
 her time, having been prevailed upoi
 to abandon her husband, by Paris, th
Trojan, and fly with him to Troy, tho
 Trojan war, which lasted ten years,
 1 1 and resulted in the destruction of Troy
 was the consequence. Greece sent
 one hundred ships and one hundred
 thousand men to recover her; and some
 of the most renowned warriors of anti
 j quity were engaged in the enterprise.
 This woman was enticed from her hus
 band—in itself not a very uncommon
 event —three thousand years ago, and
 thq world, since that time, has been
 repeating the story. It was upon this
 subject that the greatest Greek and
 Latin authors wrote inspirediy. Homer
 I and Virgil found in it their theme, and
 j thus this little occurrence, like the little
 breeze playing in the harp strings,
 awoke melody on those human lyres
 that charms the w hole world of soul.
 44 Overlook nothing,” was the motto
 of Talleyrand. The gnat may sting
 the lion to madness, and the smallest
 breath of air blown into a vein, will
 extinguish life’s etherrn lamp, as sud
 denly as a cannon-bad. in the heart.
 An iron pike has been driven into a
 i soldier's eve and through his brain,
 and yet the wound has not proved:
 mortal. Put the great anatomist, Spi
 gelius, gathering U p {he fragments of a
 broken glass, after his daughter’s wed
 ding, scratched his finger slightly, and
 death was the result. There is a subtle
 poison, so deadly, that if a single atom
 oi it he placed in the system, it instant
 lv contaminates every fibre ofthe frame,
 and palsies the heart. And thus it is
 i with our interior life. It may be ione—
 culated with a virus so minute as to
 escape our uotice, wrapped perhaps in
 a single word, but which may empoisonr
 our days.
 Nothing, therefore, is so much a
 tride that the greatest limy not derive
 advantage from it. Nothing is so small
 as to be beneath our notice. We*
 would not have men constantly occupy
 ing their minds with little objects, and
 drawing from them mighty inferences.
 It is the province of small* minds to
 magnify small matters; but it is also
 the province of large minds to give
 small things their legitimate place, rc
 membering that the richest gem is but
 little larger than n grain of sand, and
 that the whole globe is composed of
 j atoms.
 t.■
 I Female Kin cation. —It was a judi
 cious resolution of a father, as well as
 a most pleasing compliment to his wife,
 w hen, on being asked what he intended
 to do with his girls, he replied, l in**
 tend to apprentice them all to their
 excellent mother, that they may loam
 the art of improving their time, and be
 i fitted to become, like her, wives, mo
 thers, heads of families, and useful
 members of society.” Equally just,
 but bitterly painful, was the remark of
 the unhappy husband of a vain,
 j thoughtless, dressy slattern: “It is
 hard to say it, but if my girls are to
 have any chance of growing up good
 fin- anything, they must he sent out of
 the way of their mother’s example.”
 Ladies, observe!— A young lady
 from Philadelphia has made her ap
 i pearance as a student in one of the
 I Lecture Rooms in Boston. Tho Mo
 dioal Journal of Boston speaks thus of
 this new candidate for medical honors:
 44 Miss Blackwell made her appear
 ance about two weeks ago. She re
 gistcrcd her age at twenty-six, and her
 tutor as Prolessor Dickson of South
 Carolina, now Professor of Theory and
 j Practice of Medicine in the New York
 University. She comes into the class
 wit’u great composure, takes oIT her
 bonnet and puts it under the seat,
 i exposing a line phrenology. She
 takes notes constantly, and maintains
 throughout an unchanged countenance.
 I he effect on the class has been good,
 and great decorum is observed, while
 she is present. She wrote a capital
 letter when she was admitted, and
 brings recommendations from eminent
 physicians of Philadelphia.”
 Singular Courtship.— l&gt;ea. Mar
 vin, of Connecticut, a great landholder
 and an exemplary man, was exceed
 ingly eccentric in som of his notions.
 His courtship was as follows: Having
 one day mounted his horse, with only a
 sheepskin for a saddle, he rode in front
 of the house where Betty Lee lived,
 and without dismounting, requested
 Betty to come out to him. On coming,
 he told her that the Lord had sent him
 to marry her. Betty replied, 44 The
 Lord’s will be done.”
 Abby I* olsom. —In a Jate speech at
 Tremont Temple, Boston, Abby Fol
 som stated (he following facts, relative
 to her early history. She said she was
 the youngest of thirteen children; that
 her father was once w ealthy for an in
 habitant of an inland town in New
 Hampshire; that he once advanced a
 consul rable sum for public use to the
 selectmen of the town, for which they
 gave him an acknowledgment, by w hich
 they were held individually liable for
 the re-payment ofthe loan; that they
 afterwards got him drunk, and while in
 that state induced him to tear up and
 destroy this security. In this way he
 lost ail his property, and became very
 poor. His sons sought their fortune*
 in the south and west, leaving Abby
 and her sister to support their father
 and mother as w ell us they could. Tho
 house and other property was seized on
 execution. Abby resisted the officers,
 and obtained help to such an extent,
 that it was necessary to call out the
 militia company of the town to enforce
 the law. 'l*he family were then turned
 out of their old home, and neither
 father nor mother recovered from the
 shock. Hence arose Mrs. Folsom’s
 antipathy to legislatures, laws, courts,
 and officers. In speaking of these
 events, she loses all command over her
 feelings, and falls into maniac ravings.
 Gov. Young, of New York has par
 doned I£9 convicts during the past
 year.
 New 'papers. —A bill has been intro
 duced into the Legislature of New
 Jersey, 44 for the preservation of news
 papers,” which authorizes the clerks
 of the counties to subscribe for, sad
 preserve in bound form, all tho news
 papers published in ihcir several coun
 ties. The advantages which must
 result from this measure are too ap
 parent to require comment, for news*
 I papers arc the true chronicles of the
 times.
"
