"K n l» »rr,i v&lt;\ r
VO!,, n. mo. 3K.
rt,r NOltTlI STAR i* pnblished ever?
 I’uiar, at No. ltnltnlo Street,!
 (f tppomtt the Art *4'
 TF.HM«
 T'vo dohar*' p*r annum, No
 f jrriptjoß will l&lt;&gt;r a lc*s t**rin limn
 month*.
 \&lt;!Trrt,!*-neo!« not oxrot*.ling t**n lino* nwrtnl
 r time« fir ojw dollar: rrm-«bM«|neii» ins**r
 i n, Iweatv-fitre a rin
 IMI tile .No KTH St AK will lir to JltUCk
 M »»inr in all iti fnrm* ant a* ports; ndrrvair
 I Vl vrA al Km i.icn* ition fvnlt the slirvUid
 pc nf ir Morality promote tl*r* roiral and in-
 Rrtu.’tl mproA’etiwrtt of tlv* Coi.or.rt) fron i
 Uaoen tl* day of FREEDOM to «1* Thkfe
 tin i io*■ ot (Mir Ki‘i wrp f-i i t° w C. o s*
 i v v 'i i s.
 IM RUSHER'S NOTE IH
 XY- All rommu-.ioation 1 rehrlne u- tin
 tnmrr, of thr p:i|«er, mmri of r-m.i
 fWrc., fcr «ho,.M U A.lilr**-e&lt;i t.. JollM
 f try A trim, aiul .it other i •vndt.iz V,] Aj
 riucied to be amirair, ut'l tlw 1 c*t J/f^e,
 .J Od-i, and ttw Sf.xt'. Each Pubscrihrr is im
 ic.iiateh rrediled f..i luoiiev jeceived.
 \j- Any person &lt;en«iing in tlw piyment lor tour
 .■uh.rriberi, to t« forwarded to oiw addrew, may
 liivo 3 fifth ropy l&lt;»r one year.
 (Cj* All l- rter and rononuniniiniw tm’-'t le poit
 id.
 El.vi nr AGENTS.
 HUSI.TTS ~R r Walrnu, 21.Conili.il.
 I’u Natiuiii JohiiAon, New Bedford Horatio AA.
 Forter,’Lowell; Jam-- N. F.ufhun, Lynn; George
 Evan*, Worre tct IWnr Spowier, Plymouth;
 Ktrk.) H. Srih, Spn ipfwl! D:;\:d Kn"S&gt;
 N orthahpton II Carpeirter, Epton.
 V| AM r —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 i rmont. Rowland T U-»h&gt;n«on, North er
 Cnssi r Tint T.—Jonathan Leonard, New H;»ren
 u IIAMfSHtHt —W. .re Tappan, l.radlord.
 Nl W VdKK.— Sydney l! FI-, N, va
 Jamr- McCone Smith. M c-t Broadway;
 J wnh ro«t, AVeethurv, Hueen County Marv Ilai
 p r Albany Elia* I»otv, Macrdnn; AA .llelK h«&gt;e«o,
 Peru, Clinton Countv; William S. Italnmon-. Troy.
 .1 F. Platt, IVnn A an; J. Jefirrv, Geneva; E. 1..
 Kii’uio Island.— Amaraney I’aiiw, Ero v, ‘*ence.
 p, nssvi VANIA.—j. 'I M’Kint.»l. North*■«“&gt;.
 Street. Philadelphia; G. W. &lt;io.ne&lt; K 1 vrhan-e
 Clare, Ditto; P llown.Pitt-burab; Shipper,
 Columbia; Daae IF-be.t Ja-ob E. Faxon, Noms
 own, Montgomery County, Milo A. 1 ownwiul,
 ,\ew Brighton.
 (lit to.—-Christ ian Dotiald-on, 1 u'emn.Mi,
 and Gaines. Ditto; Valentine Nieholson. Hm-
 Warren Co.: Samuel Unnike, Salem.
.—Kolwrt Banks. Detroit.
 15,., v y.—J.h 1 F. Davis, Economy, A' aytte
 Selections.
 j ROM “SL AV EIIOLDINC;
 FAAMINF.IV*.
 11Y~YV. H. BP.ISBASK.
 Having as 1 liclievo fully proved in j
 ik first place, that God never, cither!
 a the Old or Now Teata.nent, tolcra
 ted slavery, as l have defined it; and
 secondly, that he positively condemned
 it; shall now proceed to show that
 those who are held in bondage in the
 Southern States of America arc the j
 subjects of a cruel and oppressive
 system.
 Let me repeat my definition ot slave-;
 rv
 Slavery is the condition m winch one,
 is 1/1 the power of another whom hr is
 compelled to serve, without the means oj j
 redress ichcn i pronged.
 Southern writers say that those cir-j
 cuinstances that are adduced as oppios-|
 •dons and cruelties in slavery aie the j
 "abuses of slavery." But 1 contend
 that these things are essential elements
 of slavery. It 1 have a proper under-j
 standing of the use of language, I
 should say that to abuse any thing is to j
 detract from its use, i. e. to weaken
 it. If I abuse my liberty, and become
 licentious, 1 am losing my liberty and
 becoming a slave to tny lusts. If lj
 abuse mv purity I am becoming im
 pure; to abuse my honesty is to be-j
 come dishonest. So to abuse slavery
 is to destroy slavery. But is tl not so
 that the more you oppress a man the
 greater slave he This oppression i
 therefore is not the abuse of slavery,
 u is the of liberty, it detracts
 more and more liom the man’s liberty,
 and involves him deeper and deeper in
 slavery. Now, how comes it to pass'
 that the more a man is oppressed the}
 greater slave he is, if oppression be
 not an essential element ol slavery f i
 Take away all oppression, and what)
 then? The man may not he out ofj
 bondage, but lie is no longer a slave.
 Freed from oppression, be is freed from 1
 slavery* If he remain in bondage, it 1
 is for Ids own benefit. He has his
 means of redress, should lie suftVr
 wrong, and his master is hound as well
 as himself. He hus all tlie liberty he
 wants, and he remains in bondage be
 cause it is for his own happiness. It
 would be foilv to call such a condition
 slavery.
 The slaveholder holds ids slave by a
 legal tenure. He could not retain the
 man in servitude if the civil law and
 its administrators did not guard and
 defend his claim. The laws ol the
 country determine the extent ol the
 master's claims, and limit the extent ol
 the servant's powers accordingly. To
 ihe laws, therefore, must we resort to
 ascertain the real condition of the
 servant It they give tlie servant pow
 er ol prosecution and means of redress
 when imposed upon by the master and
 others, there is no slavery in the case.
 K u i. they do not, and the master
 luv- ihe power to compel service in
 his own way, just as he might an ox or
 a mule, *hc man is oppressed b) the
 very law that places him in that condi
 tion.
 What then, is the law of American
 slavery? The law of South Carolina
 'tetines slavery thus:
 Slaves phall be deemed, Mold,
 Ukcn. and reputed to be chattel* per
 sonal, in the hands ol their owners
 And possessors, their executors, ad
 ministrators or assigns, to all intents,
 *oti at ructions, and purposes whatso
 tvfcr.”
 Goes not any one see at a glance
 'hat a man or woman subjected to the
 o ptratious of such a law, must be in
 »n oppressed condition The msn who
 "»too blind to «ec this is not fit to be
THE NORTH STAR.
reasoned with. Here is the essential
 element 'of slavery; a .c'edition in
 which one is in the complete and entire
 possession and power of a maater, jusl
 like a horse or a cow. Vet this is the
 law under which professed believers o:
 the Bible are holding their fellow men
 in bondage.—But why wa&lt; this, and
 similar laws in other States enacted
 Evidently, because it was found essen
 tial to slavery. Let the law now be
 repealed, and another passed in these
 words
 Slaves Bhall not hereafter he
 deemed, sold, taken and reputed to he
 chattels,” and what then becomes of the
 slaveholder’sclaims? Hehasnone. His
 servant is no longer a slave. Nc
 longer a chattel. He is no longer a slave
 he can not be sold. What then is he
 worth-— Nothing, in the market. He
 cannot be transmitted to heirs; he is
 not a chattel—-he is now a inan, with a
 will and a purpose of his own
 Thus the very basis upon which
 slavery is erected, is a law that places
 men in the condition of cattle, ‘‘to all
 intents, constructions, and purposes
 whatsoever.” Can any one, in the
 taco of this law, say slavery is not op
 pressive' firacious God have mercy
 upon the man whose heart is so hard,
 that he cannot feel for a servant in
 such a condition!
 But to make the bondman as power
 less as possible, he is not permitted to
 give testimony, or to enter a suit in
 law or equity, either for himself, or his
 wife, or children. Why such laws, if
 they he not essential to slavery?
 These two things, defining the slave
 to be a chattel, and debarring him
 from entering a suit in law or equity,
 to recover damages from his master,
 or to secure his wife and children from
 wrong and injury, are all-sufficient to
 prove the oppressive character of slave
 ry. And as such laws are absolutely
 indispensable to the system, it follows
 that oppression is its essential element.
 But let us draw up a catalogue ot
 some of those things, that some might
 be pleased to call the “abuses of slave
 ry.”
 1. Punishments, of kind and degree
 at the option of the master.
 •1. Delegated powers to agents and
 overseers, who may be cruel and
 hearties men.
 3. No legal rights of property.
 4. Liability to be sold at the option!
 of the master.
 5. Liability to be sold for the mas
 ters debts.
 No right of redemption.
 7. No choice of masters.
 8. No reedvery of damages, if in-j
 jured, cither by others, or by their
 masters.
 No power of making contracts.
 10. Subject to descend by inheritance
 to persons of the most cruel and des-,
 potic dispositions.
 I
 From the New Yorx Evangeu»l.
 EDUCATION OF FREE COLORED
 PEOPLE.
 BY W. L. CHAPLIN.
 I cannot but hope that the period
 has at length arrived m the progress
 of the anti-slavery cause, when no in- 1
 considerable group of persons, notj
 heretofore very definitely identified!
 with the objects of the enterprise, are!
 prepared to listen with candor, to the,
 claims of the colored population onj
 this continent, and to lend heartily a
 helping hand in the work of their en
 lightenment and elevation.
 Among the results from anti-slavery
 agitation collateral to the main issue
 with slaveholders, one of the most pre
 cious and gratifying, has been its effect
 upon the free colored people. What;
 waking up, what advancement among
 them, have we not witnessed in the last i
 fifteen-last ten years! To under-,
 stand this matter fully, one must have
 had his eves upon the colored people
 all alongj from some point of observa
 tion near at hand. The anti-slavery
 movement, if it has not at all times been
 perfectly calm, circumspect and forgiv
 ing, in its tone and spirit, has been as
 “life from the dead” to the young men
 and women among our colored people.
 It has touched dormant sympathies, ar
 oused benumbed faculties, and kindled j
 up new, nobler, and juster aspirations, j
 They have demonstrated a capacity for
 developement and progress, which the!
 most skeptical cannot gainsay—which
 has often won homage from the lips i
 and hearts of the least genial and hope
 ful persons in the community. It is in
 no way an extravagant assertion to
 say. that \he colored people of this
 country are at least as susceptible of
 improvement, and are as likely, with
 fair opportunities for culture, to reach
 a high state of civilization, as any oth- 1
 er division of our people. Why not,
 then, open the way lor m at once—
 speak to them words ofctioo and let
 them feel the cordial grasp of a broth
 er’shandr
 In this case, ns in all others, the real
 improvement of the colored population,
 must be the result of rallying their own
 energies, and putting in ceaseless re
 quisition their own faculties. Not all
 the law-making, by all the parliaments
 and conquerers in the world, can make
 a people genuinely free, unless the peo
 ple themselves have within them the
 seeds ot true freedom, and they are
 cherished among them in their habits
 I of thinking, and their social activities,
 i Whatever else may be designed or
 attempted for the overthrow of slavery,
 and the restoration of their rights to the
 j entire colored population in the United
 States; I submit that universal free
 education ought at once to be exten
 ded to them by their friends, so far and
 fast as they can be brought within
 reach of its appropriate means. This
 measure, as it seems to mt, is no less
 the dictate of a wise policy, than of a
 (wise comprehensive philanthropy. The
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRFTH IS OF No COJ/JR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF FS ALL, AND ALL WE ARK BRETHREN
whole matter shapes itself in my own
 mind on this wise: In the 1 nited
 States there are, in round numbers,
 three milions ot slaves, with half a mil
 lion, more or less, of free colored pco
 pie. Upon the islands in the Gull ol
 Mexico and the contiguous seas, the
 colored population, slave and free,
 amount to not less than two and a hall
 millions—with say, seven millions in
 Mexico, somewhat variously composed
 j as to origin, complexion, and progress
 in the arts and refinements of life, yet
 agreeing very nearly in outlines of
 j character, and in general condition and
 prospects, without raising any ques
 lion ofeurious speculation, it seems on
 j ly rational to conclude, that these thir
 teen millions are linked to a common
 destiny, are to commingle and live in
 contiguity on this continent, at some
 point most agreeable to their tastes,
 'temperament, and the natural arrange
 ments of an ill-wise Providence. Most
 obviously those fragments of the color
 jed people, scattered at intervals over
 the cold North, have been forced by
 the pressure of slavery upon them, from
 their natural position—the locality con
 genial with their constitution, habits
 and strong predilections. Ho that ns it
 may, however, these thirteen millions
 of people are to form communities and
 I States, whether temporarilly or perina
 i nently distinct from their paler faced
 1 brethren, is entirely immaterial, so far
 forth ns the question of duty urges it
 self upon our attention. They arc to
 constitute a leading and controlling el
 ement in these communities and States,
 I in spite of anything that the w ildest
 projects of foreign colonization can
 achieve, or the wickedest theories yet
 devised by the imagination of the
 most frantic pcrpetualists, have hated
 to assume.
 These thirteen milions! ques
 tion urges itself home to the bosom of
 every considerate Christian man, what
 can he done to diffuse among them
 such a fullness of intelligence—educa
 tion in so comprehensive and enlarged
 a form, that tyranny cannot, by any
 possibility, sway its scepti c over them.
 How shall they be put upon the career
 of Christian civilization in its highest
 idea? How shall they be aroused to
 a keen perception of their rights and
 dignity as men, and induced to seize
 upon the means indispensable to their
 complete vindication? It may be ho
 ped that our free colored people and
 their brethren, as fast as their fetters
 are broken, will be borne along by the
 general current of events, and imbibe!
 the spirit of improvement and self-cul-i
 ture, peculiar to our times. I wish it
 might be so. If such should be the
 case, that fact would prove them to be
 the most remarkable people the world
 has ever seen.—Massachusetts is now
 two-hundred and twenty-nine years
 old. Her people came to this coun
 try to educate themselves, and for no
 other purpose. They have been at that
 task, more or less earnestly, from the
 beginning, and yet her wisest citizens
 have but lately conceived the idea of a
 true education as applied to the mass-j
 es ofthe community.
 Let the drop generalities and descend
 to a particular or two, and that shall
 end what i have to say at present. In
 some ofthe slave States, the free col
 ored people are accessible to school
 arrangements. —They can be legally
 taught. The alphabet and multiplica
 tion tables are not objects of such pe
 culiar jealousy and alarm to society, j
 as to demand the restraint and terror of;
 legislative penalties. With this small!
 measure of indulgence in this respect, I
 the colored people are yet under great
 disabilities and embarrassments. As-:
 sistance and co-cperation in the estab
 lishment of schools among them, entire
 ly free for the poorest, would become’
 a source of encouragement, hope and
 progress, such as words cannot easily
 describe. For instance, in Washing
 ton are, say five thousand free colored
 people. They have acquired a con-
 siderable amount of property in the
 gross, and are taxed for every dollar of
 it, for the support of white schools,
 while not a single dime is in any way
 contributed by the white pupils tow ards
 the education and training of the col
 ored children. There is among the
 colored people here, a commendable
 desire to reap the advantages of educa
 tion. A number bf subscription-schools
 are sustained by them. A few of the
 teachers are worthy of all praise for
 their exertions in the cause to which
 they are i.e voted, yet the number of
 scholars actually in the schools is ex
 ceedingly small in proportion to the en
 tire colored population. It will be
 long, 1 fear, before education in the
 most humble and meagre form, w ill be
 come general among tnc people, with
 out impulse and aid from abroad.
 Three to four hundred children, upon
 an average, are all that are found in
 attendance upon the eight or ten
 schools.
 Can seven to ten thousand dollars
 be appropriated in any way more likely
 to bu effective for good in the cause ol
 freedom, than by placing in this city a
 free school, on the best model as yet
 known, to be open to all the colored
 families and other families that choose
 to avail themselves of its bene tits?
 Well, then, why should not the friends
 ofthe anti-slavery cause undertake it
 To what object .can our sympathies
 and money be morB fitly appropriated,
 than in wisely directing attempts to ed
 ucate the entire colored population in
 the United States, and on this conti
 nent, so far and fast as it is accessible i
 i Give this people, who are already free,
 education—teach them to know them
 selves, physically, intellectually, in
 their moral relations, and the balance
 ol their brethren would not long remain
 slaves. Chattledom would soon be
 stripped of its victims. The tyrant’i
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1849.
occupation would be gone. The death
 and burial of the slave system would
 not be postponed for the enactment ol
 Wilmot-Provisus, or the rattime of
 ballotboxes’ We should goon rejoice
 over a vast people, all equal in the eye
 of the law- all protected in their rights
 by the noiseless action af a beneficent
 government.
 As to possible anti probable objec
 tions that may he raised,in any number,
 as to plans of action. I have nothing to
 say in this connection. Let the enter
 prise, in all its aspects, be fairly con
 sidered. Just conclusions will be
 reached without difficulty
 Washington, l).(
 Tur following 8 the well-known Bnitu&lt;
 Address, for the alleged circulation of which
 .1. M. Barrett is now in tail in the Calhoun
 State, Talk of foreign de*qiotj'&lt;m “Charity
 begins at home," is an old adage. Is there
 another spot on Cod's earth where such an
 atrocity would l*e perpetrated 1
 Fellow Citizens:—l desire to nd
 dress you on an important subject, one
 of momentous interest to all of us.
 Mirpnlitirians areabout topiecipitate
 us into evils from which nge-= will not
 recover the country.
 Every effort is being made by them
 to perpetuate a system which has al
 ready nearly ruined us, and in which
 if they succeed they will forever blast
 the hope of elevation and prosperity to
 the mass of our population. Fnder
 the name of Southern Kights, they are
 demanding the extension and perpetua
 tion of a system of policy runious to
 our own State, and disastrous to our
 personal interests. A lew among us.
 having wealth, having political power,
 having the monopoly of the govern
 ment of the State, are determined to
 secure their own interests, and per
 petuate their own power, and therefore
 they arc resolved to rend the union of
 these States rather than not preserve
 their own supremacy. Knowing they
 caunot succeed by a true representa
 tion ofdheir own position, they are
 crafty enough to present themselves as
 the standard-bearers of southern inter
 ests, whilst in truth they only represent
 a small fraction of the South. They
 cunningly declaim in favor of State
 rights, whilst they know they arc them
 selves despisers of the people, and are
 trampling under foot the true sovereign
 ty of the State.
 Fellow citizens, before wc suffer
 ourselves to he hurried into the
 schemes of mad politicians, it be
 hoves us to enquire what true
 condition of our State, and whether or
 not it will be to the interest of the
 mass of the people to follow these men
 in their wild purposes to dissolve this
 Union rather than not perpetuate their
 own power.
 This state is said to have a repub
 lican form of government. It may be
 the form, but the substance is wanting.
 By a republic we understand a state
 where the interests of all the citizens
 are cared for, and their rights protec
 ted. Is this the condition of the citi
 zens of South Carolina? I speak now
 of those Who are recognized as citi
 zens, not the whole, but only the white
 population.—Are these in the full en
 joyment of the rights of citizens? Do
 all stand on one political platform Is
 the government alike regardful of the
 interest of all? Or, is it not rather the
 case, that the great mass of the peo
 ple are virtually disfranchised, their
 interest utterly disregarded, and their
 voice not heard in the Councils of the
 State? Let facts determine this in
 quiry. Look at the follow ing table, and
 it will be seen that the constitution
 secures the government to a privileged
 class.
 Districts of South Carolina arrangid
 in the order of llu relative number oj
 Whites to Stares.
 bisiKu rs, Wliilc Slaves. Sen. Rep.
 Georgetown, 2,093 15,933 2 4
 Beaufort, 5.950 29,082 1 0
 (’ol. St dial. 20,795 77,785 13 32
 Sumpter, 8,*&gt;41 18,875 2 5
 Williamsburg, 3,327 0,908 1 I
 Kershaw, 3,988 8,043 l 2
 Richland, 5,320 10,604 1 4
 Orangeburg, 0,301 11,934 2 3
 Fairfield, 7,587 12,505 1 4
 Newbury, 8,208 9,904 1 3
 Edgefield, 15,020 17,538 1 0
 Abbeville, 13,880 15,148 I 5
 Darlington, 7,109 7,&lt;700 1 2
 Barnwell, 10,533 10,503 I 1
 Marlboro. 4,118 I 2
 Union, 10,485 8,*154 I I
 Chester, 9,889 7,722 I 3
 Lancaster, 5.505 4,23-» 1 2
 Laurence, 12,572 8,911 I 4
 Lexington, 7,401 4,065 1 2
 Marion, 8,593 5,251 1 3
 York, 11,44? [0,825 1 4
 Chesterfield, 5,537 2,871 1 2
 Greenville, 12,491 5,305 1 4
 Horry, 4,1&lt;54 1,571 I
 An. Pick., 24,295 8,398 I 7
 Spartanburg, 17,924 5,080 a
 Total. 259,084 328,036 45 124
 A fair inspection of the above table
 will show the following results: —the
 eleven first named districts in a com
 parison with the eighteen others stand
 thus.
 hites. Sen. Rep.
 Eleven districts, 77,939 28 04
 Eighteen districts, 181,145 17 0(
 Here we see that less than one
 -1 third of the free population have th&lt;
 j supreme control ot the State, and tho&lt;
 j occupy that portion of the State, for th«
 most part, where the rice and loog-sta
 pie cotton interests chiefly prevail. Bui
 it is worse than this, as the columo o
 senators will show. The six distncti
 of Georgetown, Beaufort, harlestown
 Colleton, Sumter and Oraogeburg girt
 a majority in the senate. Nothing there
 fore can become law if these six dis
 tricts [embracing a population of onlj
 49,503 white*,j combine it
Tunt is those districts embracing about
 one-fifth of the whole population of the
 State can veto any demand which the
 great majority of the people may deem
 it their interest to make.
 The thirteen districts last in order in
 the abova table comprehend the majori
 ty of the white population of the whole
 State. But wl- a is their strength in
 the legislature? They have only twelve
 senators. The tw o districts of Charles
 ton and Colleton with less than
 white population, can outvote them in
 the senate.
 And why does this inequality exist
 For no other purpose than to guard and
 secure the interests of the large rice
 and cotton planters. The interests of
 men who have to work w ith their own
 hands are entirely unprotected. The
 upper districts may go to ruin. The
 rice and cotton plantations of the lower
 country are amply protected.
 But to guard these interest mark how
 everything in the political machinery
 is adapted exactly to suit the purpose.
 A proper qualification is required for
 a scat in the legislature. Keal estate
 of the value of about seven hundred
 dollars, clear of debt, or live hundred
 acres of land and ten negroes must be
 actually possessed In* a candidate for
 the house of representatives, or he is
 ineligible to a seat. To be a senator
 requires double the amount of real es
 tate. He may he a thrifty farmer, an
 excellent mechanic, an enterprising
 merchant, a skillful physician, or an
 aide lawyers, and withal a suitable
 man to represent the true interests of
 the people; but it is all in vain if he
 have not in real estate the amount re
 quired.
 Will any thing ever be done by such
 a legislature for the interest of the
 people?—Never, unless it be to the
 special interest of the favored few to
 allow’ it. Blit over no department of
 the government can the majority have
 control. The governor must heve $7-
 000 at least in settled estate; and to
 make it certain that he shall be from
 the planting rather than the farming
 interest, the people are nut allowed a
 vote in the case: he is appointed by the
 legislature.
 The appointment of the judiciary,
 from the judge on the supreme bench
 to the common justice of the peace, is
 entirely by the legislature.
 Senators in Congress arc appointed
 by the legislature. The legislature
 lays off the State into congressional
 districts, from which the people as
 guarantied to them by the United
 States’ Constitution may elect the rep
 resentatives in Congress; and mark
 how they arrange it to suit the strong
 planting interest. To the low district,
 with a white population of 115,47 ft,
 they allow four congressional represen-,
 tatives, and to the upper district with a
 white population of lift,till, only
 three.
 Nor are the people permitted to vote
 for the electors of the President and
 Vice President of the United States;
 evidently from an apprehension that
 they might cast the vote 8f the State
 for a President who will promote the
 welfare oi the people, instead of the
 interests of the wealthy planters.
 Thus is the interest of the large rice!
 and cotton planters fully guarded in
 every department of the government;
 and to have it doubly secure, the con
 stitution cannot he amended, unless
 this monopolized and monopolizing leg
 islature lirst recommend it by a vote of
 two thirds of both branches of the
 whole representation; and not even
 then, unless the succeeding legislature
 also concured by a vote of two thirds of
 both houses.
 And what is the consequence of all 1
 this despotism As a matter of course,
 the white population are emigrating, j
 although there are fourteen millions
 of acres ot land in the State yet un
 cultivated. What can the poor man
 do here? He can make nothing to lay,
 up for his family. He cannot get his
 children educated. He and his family
 are doomed to poverty and ignorance,
 and to the contempt of the favored aris
 tocrat. Here or there one of pecu
 culiar tact, or extraordinary talent may
 obtain an independent property, but for
 the most part there is no hope here for
 the citizen in moderate circumstances.
 And yet our so-called statesmen and
 their partizans are moving heavpn and
 earth to prevent the poor man off'aro
 lina, crushed down a-* he is by this ter
 rible Slave power, from finding a spot
 in all the vast territory lately acquired
 by the U. States where lie can have
 the full reward of his free labor. Nay,
 New Mexico, California and any other
 genial clime, must be under the domin
 ion of this man-crushing powfy-, or the
 disunion of these States must be threat
 ened; and the great body native
 Carolinians themselves can have no
 voice in their own legislature to rebuke
 this arrogant demand.
 And what is the remedy for those who
 cannot leave the State, or who wish to
 remain by the graves of their fathers?
 They have no power to amend the con
 stitution, for this guaranties every
 thing to the privileged class, and they
 alone have the power to alter it. Shall
 the sword be resorted to, and thereby
 effect a revolution? United States
 soldiers will crush the first attempt at
 violence.* —And is there no remedy?
 No means of redress? —I think there
 may be if we can only arouse the peo
 ple to demand their rights. Shall up
 wards of two hundred thousand white
 citizens of Carolina be virtualty dis
 franchised whilst mocked with the idea
 of free suffrage, and lie still under the
 iron despotism that crushes them?
 Surely it caonot always be so. We
 must teacli these masters of overgro wo
 plantations that we cannot always en
 dure this state of things. It is time to
 demand our rights, aod to do eo with a
fixed nnii settled determination to have
 them
 hat then i« the proper course tci
 «&gt;btain redrew Permit me fellow citi
 j zens* to point it out Lit the j&gt;eople ol
 the &gt;tate meet in then prituaiy as&gt;em
 i blies. tu ilirir resjHctive neighborhoods,
 parishes. and districts, anti appoint
 delegates to a 'Hate Convention. Let
 that ''ta?e omtMUion draft anew con
 stitution lot the State, in which the in
 terests of the frit laborer shall he pro
 vided for, ami an equality of represen
 tation established. Let them lay this
 new constitution before the legislature
 ot the ''fate, and demand that thev
 take measures for its adoption and
 ratification; and it then the legislature
 will not take the proper measures, eali
 another convention of the people, and
 appeal to the Federal 'ongress to &gt;c
 cur? to the people, a truly republican
 form of State Government. Thev are
 t bound by their oaths to respect tlm de
 mands of (he majority in the State, and
 to carry out the guarantee of the Fede
 ral Constitution. W hen this method
 of t edress shall have been tr.ed ami
 failed, we may then consider what luvr
 is to be done.
 Yours for the Right,
 BRUITS.
 THE SISTERS.
 The Inllowing account of a scene in the
 slave market of Constantinople i* ta
 ken from a work entitled “‘Way faring
 Sketches:”
 I “A most interesting group presented
 itself betbre us; two young female
 slaves,both with most pleasing counten
 ances, stood togather, closely embra
 ced, the arm of the one closely round
 the neck of the other; their attitude, as
 well as the strong likeness between
 them, pointed them out as sisters. By
 their side was an African slave dealer,
 in whose furious countenance it ‘cem
 cd impossible to discern a trace of hu
 man feeling. He was armed with a
 large, heavy stick, vvitl\ which he
 drove them to and fro, literally like a
 herd of animals. Three or four 'Turks
 were discussing, with tolerable animu-i
 tion, the price of one of the women;,
 but the bargain had been struck justj
 before vve came hi, arid one of the par
 ty, a stout good looking man. paying
 down the money. When this was
 completed, with an impel ions move
 ment of his hand lie motioned to his
 newly purchased slave to follow him.
 It was the youngest and most timid ofj
 the two sisters, whom lie had selected.
 Nothing could lie more painful than to
 watch the intense, the terrified anxiety
 with which both had followed the pro
 gress of the sale; and now it was con-'
 cliyled and they knew that the moment j
 of separation was arrived, she whosei
 late had been sealed, disengaged her-
 self, and turning round, placed a tirm
 grasp, and gazed into her eyes. Not)
 words, nor tears, could have expressed j
 one-half of the mute, unutterable des
 pair that dwelt in that long, heart-ren
 ding gaze. It was hard to say which
 was the most eloquent of misery; hut
 the Turk was impatient; he clapped
 his hands together This was the well
 known signal. A &gt;!igbt tremor shook
 the frame of the young slave; her
 arms fell powerless at her side, and
 she turned to follow her master. The
 voiceless but agonizing farewell was
 over. In another moment we could
 distinguish her slender figure thread-)
 ing its way through ibc crowd, in corn-;
 panv with other slaves belonging to the
 Turk, ller sister bad bid hersclt be
 hind her companion, and now sat on
 the ground, her head sunk upon her
 folded arms.
 And just such scenes may he w it
 nessed in our own free land, ten thou
 sand times in a year
 i
 THE I,AW OF HE HAN PROGRESS.
 Look at the cradle of the nations and
 races which have risen to grandeur, and
 learn from the barbarous wretchedness
 by which they were originally surroun
 ded, that no lot can be removed from
 the influence of the Law of Human
 Progress. The Fegee Islander, the
 Bushman, the Hottentot, the Congo
 negro, cannot be too low for its care.
 No term of imagined “finality can at-,
 areat it. The polished Briton, whose
 civilization vve now admire, is a descen
 dant, perhaps of one of those painted j
 barbarians, whose degradation still lives;
 in the pages of Julius Cu-sar. Slowly
 and by degrees, he has reached the
 position where lie now stands; but he
 cannot he arrested here The improve
 ment of the Past is the earnest of still
 further improvement in the f uture.
 And who can doubt that in the lapse of
 time, as the Christian Law is gradually
 fulfilled, the elevation which the Briton
 may attain will be shared by all his
 fellow men.
 The signs of improvement may ap
 pear at a special period —in a limited
 circle only among the people, favored
 of God, who have enjoy ed the peculiar
 benefits of commerce and of Christi
 anity; but the blessed influence, cannot
 be restrained to any time, to any place,
 or to any people. Every victory over
 evil redounds to the benefit of ail.
 Every discovery, every humane
 thought, every truth, when declared, is
 a conquest of which the whole human
 familv are partakers. It extends, by
 so much their dominion, while it lessens
 by so much the sphere of their future
 struggles and trials.
 But there shall be nobler triumphs
 than any over inanimate nature. Mao
 himself shall be subdued to abhorrence
 of vice, of injustice, of violeuce—sub
 dued to the sweet charities of life—
 subdued to all the requirements of duty
 and religion—subdued according to the
 law of human progress, to the recogni
 tion of that Gospel law, by the side ol
 which the first is tho scaffolding up-
."•H\ pi. p r
WHOM'. NO. !*O.
on the saerrti the Law ot Hu*
 man Brotherhood Übnr tor this
 oml man wa&gt; *w nt tori.j mio iti&lt;» world
 —not m the littleness &lt;4 idle perfec
 tions, hut endowed v, i*!i infinite capaci
 ties, inspired l&gt;\ infinite desires, ami
 commanded loMrnr perpetually art**i
 excellence—am dst the encouragements
 1 ot .hope, the promise-; of final success,
 and the inexpressible delights which
 spring from 1 pursuit —Thus does the
 I-aw ot lluiuati Progress
 i 'crn.it Frnv iC&lt; iic',
 -list JtWUi'. tie l,«l U,
 l&gt;\ showing evil no longer ns a glooms'
 mystery, holding t!ie world in ©verlast
 mg thrall, but a- an accident, under
 ttic laws ot t»od, to be slowly subdued
 In tne works ot men, as they press on
 to the promised coal «&gt;t happiness
 harlt Sumner.
 t’nns the Oni»ltsn l'iii?cn.
 **K NOW U'lH.t: IS I&gt;o\	 i;h. m
 Knowledge is power. said Bacon,
 a'ter he had reflected tor a life-time up
 on all the cognizable powers and pro
 perties in the universe. “Knowledge
 1- power, lisped the dandy in the
 streets ot London, as he separated
 two bull-dogs with a pinch of snuff,
 aifer the rude rabble had vainly twisted
 their limbs 111 the attempt to draw them
 asunder. The sago and the fop—those
 extremes ot the mental world—have
 repeated the same grand truth in the
 ears of their circles: and yet the world
 does not believi the fact. Alas, poor
 world.' From the depth of the foun
 tains ot thy tears ami sighs, and in the
 agonies ot a sail experience, the truth
 must he learned
 Republicanism, above all political
 beliefs, is emphatically a faith. There
 is in it a principle of life and enthusi
 asm which no other political principles
 can excite. Trial, tubuJation, self
 sactdice, ami high devotion, are em
 phatically the cliarncterietics of a true
 republican, above all other partizatis of
 political forms; and yet, m spit* of
 (hose proud elements ot moral being,
 the republicans o( Kurupc are now
 routed and discomfited, and therepub
 lics—at least one ol them—am descen
 ded into the very lowest grade of
d why is this
 Why is that hum of (ioveinmeut, so
 just, so generous, and so well adapted
 to devclopc ail the genius ami re
 sources ol nations, already lying
 trampled beneath the heels of tyrants
 and ol plotters' Simply because man
 kind have not yet generally learned the,
 great tact that “knowledge is power.”
 Ihe impulse ot the heart of Franco
 decreed, m lS|s, tint she should be
 come a Republic, and she was so in
 name and form. **l nu la rejialthq^ie!"
 shouted the grey-hmred mu:i, ms he
 lifted his sunken eves to heaven. “Jin
 la reiwhlitjtu■!" screamed the little
 go mm 111 the streets. But there was
 neither power nor vitality in these
 cries, for they were horn ol impulse,
 not ot knowledge. Franco did not
 know two principles of 1 epuldiramam,
 ami she was destitute ol a political
 faith. The hollow fabric of her repub
 licanism has withered awav, as the
 erratic sentiments, winch in her egot
 ism she terms ideas, have impelled her
 from one extreme of suicidal folly to
 another. She did not know republi
 canism; she did not know herself; and
 90 she is power less to move in the.
 course of definite mid continuous ac
 tion. Like a harpooned whale w hile
 in its flurry, -die bounders about in thv
 ocean of politics, destroying her own
 offspring by those energetic cunt oil ions
 winch herald her ignominious death.
 The revolutions of Kurope have
 surely taught men that the bases of
 despotism and republicanism are equally
 hollow-hearted, when planted on an
 ignorant soil; and that bayonets, whe
 ther w ielded in the name of tyranny or
 liberty, have an equality of power
 Knowledge truly is power; it Is the
 invulnerable basin ol public opinion;
 it is the index of ordinate purpose—the
 adamantine wall that defends liberty
 from every cunning assault.—Amongst
 a people who have knowledge, the
 licentious Inhumations of demagogue
 isin on the one hand, and the falsehood
 and fraud of despotism on the other,
 are powerless; it ih wdh the plastic and
 flexible subjects of ignorance that they
 prevail never with the men whose
 minds have acquired knowledge, and
 with it, consistency Let the true re
 publican, then, evei bo t teacher,
 seeking to build up a brother m ideas
 and virtue; for these, and not bayonets,
 arc the weapons of u triumphant war
 fare against wrong and falsehood in all
 their tonus. I&gt;.t the watch-word of
 the freedom-lover now and forever be,
 “Knowledge is power.” j. u
 A Nation'sße*i I)l&gt;lxcl.—lf you
 have a nation of men who have risen to
 that height of moral cultivation that they
 will not declare war or carry arms, for
 they have not so much madness left in
 their brains,you have a nation oflovers,
 of benefactors, of true, great, and able
 men. Let me know more of that nation;
 i shall not find them defencletu* with
 idle hands swinging to their aides. T
 shall bud them men ot love, honor, and
 truth: men of an immense industry; men
 whose influence is tclt to the cud of the
 earth; men whose very look and voice
 carry the sense of honor and shame;
 and all forces yield to the energy and
 persuasion. H lie never u&lt;* see the doc
 trine of peace embiaccd by a nation,
 we may be assured it »dl im4 be oik*
 that invites an injury but one, on the
 contrary, which has a friend in the
 bottom of the heart of even man, even
 of the violent and the base; one against
 which no weapon can prosjiei, out*
 whodi looked upm as the asylum of
 1 the human race, and lias to* tears arid
 blessings of mankind. £mtr'&lt;m,

"
