"From ihs Libecsto*-
 Sfeetieft of Colored Bo to
 ON THr. fCUBCT or Ml*!- WHOOI. RIGHT*.
 Agtooablo to not toe, a very large and fti
 thaauatic aodrenee ewureoed h
 er,i Baptist Church, Belknap street, on Mon
 ur;
 »n«i I«ac H Snowden and George A'*'
 leri, Secreuriea
 On motion, the following committee was
 -elected «o draft resolution* for the meeting,
 vrz, -Wm C. Nell, Henry Thacker, Jtr-*
 *ph W. Butler. John 1 Hilton, Henry
 VVeeden, Wm. Johnson.
 Thoma* Paul Smith and John H. Roberts i
 spoke in opposition to the majority—the for-
 meT alluding significantly to the fact, that he
 knew he was in the minority,Ac. To which
 John T. Hilton replied, that he was mistaken
 in representing himself in the minority, tor
 John C. Calhoun, Henry Clay, the Amen-;
 can Colonization Society, and the entire pro
 slavery community, were with him.
 The chairman called attention to the report,
 remarking that the present crisis was as im
 portant to them as any this ride of eternity, it
 being none other than the cause of truth and
 right against prejudice and expediency.
 Wm. C. Nell r in behalf of the committee,
 submitted the following resolutions..
 Whereas, in all great and important under
 taking*, it has ever been necessary to adopt
 systematic efforts for their promotion, as seen
 in our Savior's example, in the appointment
 of twelve efficent men to root up old evil cus
 toms, and establish upon their ruins a better
 and more healthy state of things. There
 fore,
 Resolved, That we do hereby apppoint
 twelve men, m whom can be placed implicit
 confidence, to superintend our School Right
 matters, and to pursue the same to the extent
 of their abilitiea—pledging ourselves to meet
 the contingent expenses thereof
 Resolved, That the recent attempt to de
 fame iljc fan reputauon of Mr. Ambrose
 Wellington by a certain clique, in raising the
 cry ot infidelity against him, is alike inhu
 man, unchristian and dastardly in design, and
 that while under unjust persecution, we ten
 der him the hand of sympathy.
 Resolved, That we again renew our pledge
 to each other, never to countenance fur one
 moment an exclusive school, and that although
 we have often so decided, we are not wearv
 in our efforts in so just a cause
 Resolved, That in our present etrupglefor
 equal school privileges, we shall not be frown
 ed down by the active opposition of the ene
 mies of human piogres-s; nor shall our zeal
 be in any degree abated by the insidious e:-
 forta of those identified w ith us in complexion,
 but who, alas’ to their shame be it recorded,
 are reverting, by their animus, the hand upon
 the dial-plate ol our Imerties.
 Resolved, That sustained as we are by the
 opinions of those eminent in legal authority,
 viz. Hon. Justices Richard Fletcher and
 Charles H. Warren—encoutageed* by the
 precedent in oilier citizens of ihe Old Bay
 :&gt;iate, where proscription tor complexion’s
 sake is now unknown—justified in out course
 by an enlightened public opinion, we will not
 be satisfied wiili any equivalent for our rights
 but slia 1, God helping us, contend for victory
 like men who know their rights, and know
 ing dare maintain.
 Resolved, That believing as we do, that
 special legislation regulated Uy complexion
 or any physical ditlerences, is anti-Republi
 ean and anti-Christian, we shall ever be found
 using our best exertions for the supremacy of
 equal rights.
 Resolved, 1 hat duly appreciating Uie mer
 its and dements of the arguments pro and con
 relative to our rights, as published in the
 newspapers of ihe day, and knowing, as wc
 do, the sources whence they mainly emanate,*
 we feel called upon here to assert, that if
 there was ever a cause in which a majority of
 the people were united and prepared tor an
 advanced position, that cause is an equality ot
 school previliges in Boston, and we, colored
 citizens, arc that people.
 Resolved, That all articles that have
 appealed in the public journals in opposition
 to our cause, arc the sure and ceitain agents
 of the prejudice against the welfare of the ri
 sing generation.
 Kematks were made in support of the above
 resolutions by several gentlemen, and heartily
 concurred in by the meeting. The whole se
 ries were adopted by a rising vole, and or
 dered to be published.
 The meeting then adjourned.
 ROBERT JOHNSON, Chairman.
 Isaac H. Snowden, c
 George W. Allen, JSecwuw*-
 Slavery, Ac. in California.
 The Alto California of July i?d, publishes
 ionie inteifsting paiticulars respecting the
 now inhabitants of California, and discusses
 several points which it is will be
 acted upon by the Convention which was ex
 pected to assemble in that country. The Alto
 California gives its views ol what ought to be
 held essential in ihe structure of a eonstitie
 tion, as under
 The prohibition of Slavery.
 The refunding by the United States of the
 duties collected in California since the peace,
 to be made a general fund for the support oi
 a state government
 The limitation of the amount ol expendi
 ture to be made in any one year for internal
 and other improvements
 The basis for the establishment of banking
 or other incorporations
 The prohibition of imprisonment lor debt.
 The rights of married women to iheir indi
 vidual property, acquired before or after mar
 riage.
 The right of universal suffrage.
 The estab ishment of a branch United
 States Mint in California, the net proceeds of
 which should ho devoted to the suppmt of a
 state Gorernment
 The writer goes on further, to give his
 views on the all absotbmg question of slavery.
 Every person appears to be convinced that
 the slavery question, under the complexion
 that it now wears in the Atlantic states, de
 feated she numerous attempts made in the
 last Congress to give to California a territo
 rial organization, and all men ought to be as
 firmly assured that, unless the citizens of
 California settle that question lor themselves,
 and do so at once, it will prevent, defeat, or
 at lean protract, for years to come, the estab
 lishment of any government in the country.
 Independent of ilie moral considerations w hich
 weigh so heavily in the balance against slave
 ry, and which we have neither time nor
 room to repeat, as a matter of expediency—as
 a means of giving to this country a govern*
 inent—it ia necessary that the people should
 insert in their constitution a clause forbid
 ding the introduction ot negro or other slave
 ry. The highest, noblest dictates of humanity
 demand it; the progressive doctrines of re
 publicanism cannot be maintained without it
 and the interests of the mass, the people,
 those who dig and delve, and earn their bread,
 and learn sell-respect and enterprise from the
 necessities of labor, render it imperative
 There must be no slurring over or avoiding
 the question. The South have contended
 that it is a question which should be left to
 the citizens of each suite to decide, and they
 cannot complain if wc decide against it:
 whilst the North have asaeited that it was a
 principle with them which they arc bound in
 maintain it any and all hazards, and that
 therefore they can never consent to the exten
 sion of tltvery into California. True, the
 men who are the most vociferous are probably
 the least sincere but the political character
 of the question has become such that the
 great controlling mass of the North would
 undoubtedly agree with and sustain their rep
 resentatives.
 We do not fear to assert, ihen, that a State
 Constitution for California which does not
 contain a provision against slavery will never
 he allowed to go into effect by the Congress
of tbe l aited St.tr., *nd -ill m««
 film in uarmfKMM »b«t tbe people of Cali
 fornia wo«M never app»*e aueh a document.
 The following pertietilaii of the cotnpaot
 noa of ihe population of Celifomi. taken
 froos the same journal, will .id in forming 10
 eimin*te of there moral worth and intelli-;
 fence
 From the beat id formation in our powwioo,
 we are of opinion that up to this time (30th
 lune) there hare probably armed in this
 ;ountry since the lat of January last, about'
 15,000. Of tbeae about 5000 are Americana,
 8000 Mexicans, 2000 Chilians, and tbe re
 maining 2000 from nearly .eery country. It
 will thus be Men that a preponderance of the
 emigration thus far is foreign.
 The number of inhabitants in tbe country
 on the first of January last, waa probably not
 far from 15,000, excluaire of Indiana. Of
 this number 9000 were Californians, 5000
 Americans,and 1000 foreigner, of many na
 tions. This would give, then, the character
 of the present population as follows
 Americans 10,000 1
 Californians 9,000
 Mexicans 6,500
 Chilians 2,500
 All other nations 2,000
 Total 30,000
 By the last account from the Atlantic
 States, there were about 17,000 emigrants
 for this country by sea. Some 3000 of this
 number hare already reached here and the
 others will probably arrive by the end of Oc
 tober. In addition to this, there will pro
 bably be an emigration of 8000 by land,
 which will reach here about the same time
 and it we set down the number which will
 come vis Panama and Mexico at the moderate
 computation of 3000, we shall have a total
 of Americans in California at that time of
 thirty-fire thousand.
 If we add to the above figures the probable
 number of emigrants which will reach this
 country from Europe and all other countries
 by the last of October, we shall then find the
 total statement something like this
 Americans 35,000
 Californians 9,000
 All other nations 16,000
 Total 60,000
 Of the thirty thousand already in the coun
 try, it is supposed that one-half (including wo
 men and children) are engaged in the various
 business pursuits, and the other half are en
 gaged in digging. We apprehend this will
 not be found far from carrect.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 14, 1849.
Anti-Slavery Meetings at West Wal
 worth, Marion, Palmyra, Victor, and
 East Bloomfield.
 It seetm necessary that 1 should report the
 character of my anti-slavery meeting: al
 though very little can be said of them th«i is
 either new or peculiar. The one held at
 West Walworth on Tuesday evening last
 was well attended by an audience that mani
 fested a lively interest in the subject of sla
 very, as presented in the lecture. At the
 close of the meeting 1 disposed of a number
 of copies of the Narrative” of my experi.
 ence in bondage, and obtained one subscriber
 to “The North Star.” I may state here,
 that there are already ten copies of the Star
 in circulation in this place.
 1 found, as usual, the slaves’ Inends, Wil
 liam G. Barker and Hicks Halstead, and
 families, ready to receive and cheer ine on
 ward in the good work.
 On Wednesday I held two meetings in
 the Presbyterian Church—one in the after
 noon, the other in the evening. The former
 was well attended, and the latter was throng
 ed—a great many being compelled to stand
 during the meeting. My frienjß Samuel
 Smith, though quite feeble in health, had
 exerted himself to circulate the notice, and 1
 am indebted to him for rquch of the interest
 created on this occasion. He is what 1 would
 call a working abolitionist—-making the ad
 vancement of the cause one of the constant
 duties of his life. It is always heart-cheering
 to meet a man who labors disinterestedly and
 earnestly in a cause so unpopular as that of
 abolition.
 I had the pleasure of meeting, in Marion,
 that long-tried and faithful ftiend of the slave,
 [Griffith M. Cooper. He came over to
 'attend the meeting, and, in the spirit of true
 abolitionism, brought not only his family, but
 1 some ot his neighbors, to help to swell the
 numbers, and to enliven the zeal of his fellow
 I workers. Friend Cooper exercised on this
 occasion his right of free speech, and his re
 marks were listened to with attention and
 respect by the audience. Besides my own
 address in the evening, Mr. Wade, a Baptist
 i minister, from Williamson, entertained the
 audience with a highly interesting narrative
 lof his own expetience while traveling in
 Kentucky, in which he illustrated the fiendish
 spirit and murderous cruelty that slaveholders
 usually manifest towards a man suspected of
 sympathy for the poor slave. In one or two
 instances his own life was put in jeopardy on
 account of the mere suspicion that' e was an
 abolitionist. While in Frankfort he had the
 temerity to visit that martyr for freedom,
 Calvin Fairbanks. This simple fact was
 sufficient to shr up against him the fury of a!
 uiob, consisting of many hundreds, fiom which
 he barely escaped with his life. I hope that;
 friend Wade will often be induced to attend
 'anti-slavery meetings, and thus relate his ex
 perience. Others may tell the honors ol
 slavery as experienced by the black man, but
 it is advantageous to know its cruelties as
 they aie sometimes felt by the white man.—
 Mr. Wade has it in his power to render the
 cause of freedom in this legion essential ser
 vice by giving lectures on the subject of
 slavery and 1 earnestly hope he may find it
 convenient to do so.
 On Thursday evening 1 delivered a lecture
 hi the Baptist Church in Palmyra. On ac
 count of another very popular meeting being
 held at the same time, and tbe unpopularity
 of the anu-slavery cause in that place, the
 meeting was but thinly attended. However,
 such as were present seemed to be quite at
 tentive to and interested in what was presented
 to them.
 On Friday evening, agreeably to public
 notice, a large meeting was convened in tbe
 Fniversalist Church of Victor. It was one
 of the most satisfactory anti-slavery demon
 strauons which I ever atteoded in that pises.
 I Thera appeared to be s greater willingness to
 listen to tadteal anti-ala very sentiment* than I
 usually find in the country towns of this
 region.
 On Saturday the ladies of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Society held Fait
 in the hall of Mr. Pick's Hotel in Victor, the
 gross receipts of which amounted to more
 than fifty dollars.
I mart end this bn f report with ikoit
 account of ray meeting in East BloomneU on
 Sunday. In consequence of a mistake is the
 advertisement tn the North Star, there had
 been no general notice of the meeting given
 by the friend* in the village before my arrival,
 and then there was but time for a very limited
 one. The meeting was large the spacious
 vestry of the Presbyterian Church m which it
 was held, was crowded to overflowing; and
 my address was listened to with the beet at
 tention
 The New: York Observer.'* containing
 an artide in reference to the approaching
 meeting of the American Board of Commis
 sioners for Foreign Missions, furnished me'
 with a text for my discourse on this occasion.
 This artide is in keeping with the spirit of all
 that emanates from the brains of the Rev.
 Sidney E. Morse on the subject of slavery—
 cold, obdurate, Jesuitical, and aboundiog in
 hypocrisy. He writes, as he says, under an
 apprehension that an attempt mil be made at
 this meeting to obtain some action of the Board
 fat or able to the views of the religions anti-sla
 very party." And he adds, as tf in solemn
 warning. “If the Board yielding to the
 storm of nltraism which ts now raging with
 such violence in some of the religious bodies in
 England and America, shall leave the firm,
 upright, consistent and tndy Christian posi
 tion it has hitherto maintained, it mil be
 regarded by many of our best men as the pre
 cursor of the direst cals to our country and to
 the cause of evangelical religion." Here, then,
 is the influence brought to bear upon the ap
 proaching meeting of the Board. Look at it'
 1 w ould call the particular attention of British
 Christians to the statement. First an attempt
 is apprehended that 11 some action of the Board"
 will be had favorable to the views of the reli
 gious anti-slavery party." What is the char
 acter of these views, that their adoption by
 this Board should lead to such disastrous and
 dire consequences 1 They are (if I understand
 them) simply these That the Board shall
 no longer send out men stealers as missiona
 ries of the pure Gospel of Christ; that slave
 holders and polygamists shall no longer be
 fellowshipped and esteemed as Christians in
 the mission churches established by the Board;
 and that the Board shall no longer lend the
 sanction of its great name to the countenance
 and support of the deadly sin of American
 i slavery; but that it shall exerfciae its mighty
 influence on the side of the righteous cause of'i
 immediate emancipation.
 Herein consists the U/traism" which the
 Rpv. Sidney E. Morse professes to dread so
 deeply. He appears to have no wish to have
 either the church or the world purified from
 the foul stain and curse which now rest so
 heavily upon both, and which especially inflict
 so deep a wound upon the cause of Christi
 anity in our own country, making it a bye-!
 I word in the mouth of infidelity. Jt is to Sid
 ney E. Morse, and to such men as him, that

 the infidel is indebted for the most powerful
 weapons he wields against the cause of reli
 gion. While it can be said with truth, that
 under the cloak of religion may be found the
 most cruel systems of wickedness; and that
 the professed ministers of the Gospel are
 exerting their ingenuity to defend and protect
 from exposure and rebuke the guilty perpetra
 tors of crime, it is impossible that any high
 respect can be cherished by the thinking por
 tion of the community for such a religion and
 such a ministry. The Rev. Sidney E. Morse
 affirms that neither Christ nor his Apostles
 require the slaveholder to emancipate his
 slaves; and he denies that the church or the
 ministry have any direct duty to petform to
 j wards the abolition of slavery. According to
 him, the moment a sin obtains ihe sanction of
 human law, it is at once beyond the legitimate
 action of*the church and ministry of Christ.
 Now, it cannot be necessary for me to expose
 the sophistry by which this damning heresy is
 sustained. Upon the very face of it when
 nakedly stated, it carries its own confutation
 to every honest mind. This it is that makes
 Christianity appear to pander to all the popu
 Ur forms of human villany. Instead of puri
 &gt;j fying the states, it leaves the latter to decide
 sj what sins shall be denounced and what ones
 L shall be defended from the Christian pulpit.
 How unutterably low and degrading to the
 character of the church is this position In
 i stead of being the hope of the world, she thus
 becomes the receptacle and cage of every
 I abomination which the state may commit to
 i her rare. But 1 have no time to dwell further
 l on this subject. The article in question is but
 i another proof of the truth of the oft-repeated
 charge that the American church and clergy
 i ate the deadliest enemies to the cause of
 i emancipation, and that they form the most
 i powerful bulwark around the foul system of
 f| American Slavery.—r. d.
A few weeks since we published an ac
 couut, which we met going the round of the
 press, of a disgraceful election row, in
 which the publisher of the Louisville Exam
 iner was said to be engaged. The following
 explanation from that paper places the mat
 ter in rather a different light. Eveu this,
 which may be understood to be the truth,
 does not entirely excuse, as nothing can ex
 cuse a resort to the cowardly practice of the
 chivalry whocary fire-arms and other murder
 ous weapons of otfence and defence, but it
 in some sort explains llie circumstances so as
 to make it evident that this was not the usual
 course of the person referred to. Mr. Sey
 mour, in our humble judgment, had no right
 to be in such bad company. If respectable
 men will use, and strive to make otbers use
 the ballut-box and the majority-power, either
 with or in opposition to such scoundrels as
 Means and the “fighting men,” and the
 slavebofdmg, slave-breeding, slave-whipping
 sons of Infamy in Kentucky and the other
 slave states of this union, they must even
 endure the consequences. But it will be no
 matter of surprise to learn that they have got
 either shot or kicked to death by a vulgar
 and ignorant mob whose highest knowledge is
 the use of the bowie knife—whose onlv con
 clusive argument is brute force.— s. d.
 Affray ia the Tim Ward.
 Most of oar readers know that an affray oc
 curred in the First Ward,during the late elec
 tron in our city, in which Mr. Seymour, the
 publisher of the Examiner, was attacked,
 anda Mr Means was shot by Mr. S. We
 expected the matter to undergo a jodieai
 investigation, and determined to aay nothing
 on lb« subject until after the investigation
 should have been placed in proper light, fiat
 as erroneous accounts of the affair have got
 abroad, we will aay a w ord or two on the sub
 ject.
 The editors of this paper ate utterly op
pofd to the earn ing of anna hjr private ciu
 m, and they would hate attempted to dis
 suade Mr. S.'frooi doing i", if thev
 •■y knowledge of the matter. But we coaid
 have employed nothing hut advice. He is a
 free agent, and would hare taken his own
 course. We have made this statement that
 oar own position msv be known. —Now s
 word or two in regard t the affray.
 It has been stated that Mr. Seymour went
 to the polls, “cursing and swearing’ that
 he called some one *“d d son of a b -b,
 die. Now, there is not one man in a thou
 sand ui the citv of IxMiisville who believes
 such a statement. Certainly no one believes it:
 who has any acquaintance with Mr. S. oe,
 have never heard bun use anything approach-:
 ing to profane language during onr acquain
 tance with him; and the most delicate lady in
 Louisville is not more fastidioas in avoiding
 vulgar language than be ts. On the first day
 of the election, be saw several persons beaten
 for voting according to their sentiments. Af
 ter s particular instance of the kind, he re-,
 marked that it was a shame that in a republt-j
 can government men should be so abused for
 exercising their rights. His language it
 seems, was reported to some of the “fighting
 men.’’—ln the evening a triend of Mr. S.;
 who, we believe, is a pro-slavery roan, told
 him that he was in danger of getting a beat
 ing. Mr. S. mentioned the matter at his
 boarding-house, and a friend told him as be
 was going out after dark he had better take
 a pistol which the gentleman offered to lend
 him. This explains the fact that Mr. S. had
 a pistol. He is not in the habit of carrying
 weapons.
 The next morning, he again went to the
 First Ward. The weather was very warm,
 and Mr. S. to relieve himself, raised his hat,
 which was full of tickets. Some of the tick
 ets fell to the ground, and while Mr. S. was
 stooping to pick them up he wss struck by
 Mr. Means, an athletic man. Mr. S. at
 tempted to'tnake his escape from the crowd.
 Means and several others pursued him, and
 while running[Mr. S. turned partly round and
 fired at Means, who was nearest to him. Both
 fell. A J. Ballard, Esq. ihen fired at a
 man who was beating Mr. S. as he was ly
 ing on the ground. This probably saved Mr.
 Seymour’s life. The man who was shot at
 turned from Mr. S. to fire at Mr. B. Anoth
 er gentlemen also fired a pistol. During the
 affiay a littlle boy was shot. All the parties
 are now recovering. Mr. S. was badly
 bruised, having been severely kicked in the
 face and head. Gentlemen of unimpeachable,
 veracity who witnessed the whole affair,have
 told us that Mr. Seymour had not said a wotd
 to Mr. Means when he was knocked down.
 They expect to make the statement in the
 court.
Colonization, Sailing of the Liberia
 Packet.
 The twin-sister of slavery is still at her
 post, fostering prejudice against the colored
 roan, and scattering abroad her hateful, un
 pluloaophical and unchristian dogmas about
 th§ inferiority of the negro, and the necessity
 of his expatriation, both for his own well
 being and that of his white fellow countiymen.
 It is gratifying to find that this movement, in
 stead of growing moie popular, is every day
 sinking lower and lower in public estimation.
 The white American has to learn, and will
 learn this lesson—that the color of a man’s
 skin is no sign of either mental or moral deg
 radation. Facts beyond dispute are constantly
 occuiring, which prove the negro, when cir
 cumstances and education favor him, to be as
 capable of brave and manly deeds as his white
 despisers. They may affect to doubt —to dis
 believe this. Let them. They may continue
 to despise and insult the colored man. Let
 them. They may hope, by stopping their
 ears against all testimony, to keep up in their
 own minds the long-cherished delusion. Let
 them; hut only the more sudden and complete
 will be their surprise and discomfiture when
 they awake to right reason, and find them
 selves lagging far in the rear of society, in
 company with the low and the vicious. They
 may as well learn this now, as hereafter. It
 would be better that they should learn it now.
 Better for themselves—better for those whom
 they injure and insult. It is a settled fact
 that colored men will form a large proportion
 of the inhabitants of this country. For good
 or for evil, or as a matter of indifference, just
 as men choose to consider it, this must be. If
 white Americans cannot bring themselves to
 the rational and Chi tain conclusion, that the
 color of a min’s si au, or the shape of his
 nose, or the form of his eyes, does not afford
 a quite infallible rule as to the morality of his
 character or the force of his intellect, —then,
 doubtless, it will be for evil to them, inasmuch
 as they will constantly make themselves and
 those around them miserable by their absutd
 prejudices. But if they learn to consider all
 men alike, —all “created equal,”—all the
 children of one common Parent, —all human
 beings,—all immortal beings,—the life and
 1 happiness of every one—black, white, brown,
 or any other shade of color—equally impor
 tant and worthy of consideration, so far aa]he
 is himself concerned, with the hope and hap
 piness of every other one—how little difficulty
 will there be in the way of removing all doubts
 and clearing up all differences.
 We want colored men, when colonization
 ists press upon them the propriety of emigra
 ting to Liberia, or any where else, to give
 them this simple and decided answer: We
 will not go' Americans, under the guidance
 of irrehgion and selfishness, have well nigh
 exterminated the Indian aborigines of this
 continent. They would long ere this have
 done the same, if they could, with the negro,
 had they not found that he could be converted
 into a beast of burden, to do their bidding,
 and perform tl*eir labor. He will not do this
 long. He is learning to respect himself, and
 l to know that he is entitled to a higher position
 1 than that of dogs and cattle. It has been, and
 is exceedingly difficult for him to attain to
 even this limited measure ot intelligence. The
 i tree of the knowledge of good,” at least, if
 not of evil, has been guarded against his ap
 proach by more vigilant and jealous watchers
 than even the cherubim with flaming sword
 who kept off intruders from the gates of
 Paradise. All the possible sources from
 which he might gather information are poi
 soned or closed against him, in ordar that be
 either should not know at all, or that hia
 knowledge should be very imperfect. But
 this state of things cannot —must not continue.
 Humanity protests against it. Christianity is
 loud in her denunciations of those who rob
 the laborer of his hire.” God himself, who
 impartially just—who is oo respecter of
 persons, cannot behold without abhorrence,
 »oeh s flagrant violation of that law of right by
 which be wills the world to be governed. We
 rejoice in the anticipation that slavery will be
 rooted oat of this continent We are as cer
 tain of it as we art that the son will continue
 to shine. Every paper that is printed—every
 medium of conveyiog intelligence that is put
 in operation, is helping on this result.
 And the negro, when liberated, will not go
 to Liberia. This is his native lend. He, if
any on*, bu a right to the soil of this couti
 nea t. Far many long aad tedious years baa
 be cultivated it with the labor of his hands,
 aad watered it with his tears. He will re
 main on this continent. There is abundance
 of space for him her*. There are still in
 this wide domain thousands of acres on which
 the foot of man has never trod. Why then,
 should he seek a new home in a far-distant
 continent T This matter may be looked upon
 as decided; and it would be well for the
 ruling and power possessing majority of this
 country to begin at once to shape their
 course accordingly. Delay only increases the
 difficulty. It is well for every country tka t
 its citizens should be intelligent. Then let
 the colored man receive such an education as
 will tend to make him intelligent; and by be-.
 coming intelligent he will become useful.
 It is well for every countiy that its citizens
 should be virtuous. Then let the colored man 1
 receive an education calculated to draw out
 his moral nature and what has been consid
 ered a curse will be converted intc a blessing.
 This opinion is rapidly gaining ground. We
 have much pleasure in copying on the outside
 of this week's paper, an article by W. L.
 Chaplin, which affords satisfactory evidence
 of this. No colonization humbug can ever
 drive back the flowing tide of liberal popular
 sentiment to where it waa only a few years
 ago, or to where it was last year even. Col
 ored men, themselves have also learned some
 thing in the course of that time; and they will
 continne to learn. Last year the Colonization
 Society boasted, as if they had done a migh
 ty deed, because they had managed to ez
 patnate four hundred and some odd peisons,
 under the name of emigrants, to the Liberian
 colony. This year, we doubt whether they
 w ill be able to effect even that small amount
 of mischief. We do not wish to be under
 stood to say that colored men may not go to
 Liberia. We Aay they may go, if ihey are
 s minded, just as white men go. So we say
 they may go to California or to Nova Zembla;
 hot they ought also to be allowed, as white
 men are, to consult their own interest, and stay
 at home, if they happen to have formed an
 opinion that neither Liberia, California, nor
 the North Pole, is precisely the place best
 suited to their tastes and constitutions. It is
 right that every one should go where he
 thinks lit; but it is wrong that he should be
 subjected to any undue influence in the forma
 tion of his opinion. The weight of prejudice
 presses heavily upon the colored man. Let
 him battle with—not yield to it. Jle may
 have and doubtless oftentimes has doubts,
 whether it would not be better for him, could
 he find his way to a country where he would
 be recognized as an equal man. In such a
 mood of mind he is the ready prey of the col
 i onizationisis. Let him banish forever all such
 I thoughts, and resolve to struggle on manfully
 in this land, for the full possession of his
 1 rights. It is a republican theory that all
 I men are “created equal.” Republicans in
 this country must therefore either prove that
 colored men, in many cases their own offspring
 1 —are not men, or they must violate and deny
 the first principles of their boasted republican
 ism. Eiiher dilemma would not be very flat
 tering to their self-love. It is probable, that
 when they are forced into this corner, they
 will rather try to avoid the inference that they
 beget monkeys. Then the conclusion is in
 evitable that these men are entitled with
 themselves to the tights and privileges of all
 other men.
 But we have wandered somewhat from the
 object which we had in view. We have be
 i fore us a number of the Colonization Journal,
 j from which we learn that the Liberia Packet
 which sailed on the Ist of August, took out
 six cabin and twenty-one steerage passengers.
 We trust that the next effort at expatriation
 will not be any more successful. The entire
 scheme has been frequently shown to be a gross
 deception. It has lost nothing'of its fraudu
 lent character. Liberia is probably a very
 respectable place. We have no desire to
 stigmatise the colony. It is mayhap as good
 or a little better location for those who have
 become, in some measure accustomed to civil
 ized life than the banks of the Gaboon river,
 or the kingdom of Dahomey. All that we
 affirm is, that it is not expedient for Ameri
 cans to emigrate thither. There are many
 circumstances in Liberia which cannot fail to
 exert a very injurious influence, at least for a
 time, upon the settlers in that country. They
 are surrounded on all hands by hordes of the
 most ignorant and degraded savages. Are the
 majority of the slaves sufficiently intelligent,
 and have they received a moral education
 that will enable them to resist and to over
 come that tide of barbarism 1 Who can help
 having some misgivings on this point 7 We
 are more anxious for the welfare of the color
 ed American, than we are for the success of
 the colony at Liberia; and with alt the disad.
 vantages under which he at present suffers in
 this land, we fee! persuaded that he is better
 here. Therefore we say again, that it is not
 for his advantage to go to Liberia, and those
 who advise him to go thither, under the pre
 tence of friendship, are his worst and most
 deadly enemies. Giving themselves up to the
 guidance of low and vulgar prejudice, they
 entirely forget to recognise the demands of
 Justice. Mistaking their own inferior na
 tures for the common standard of humanity,
 they judge that all the inhabitants of this
 country except a score or two of fanatics, are
 influenced by the same motives, and actuated
 by the same unchristian principles as them
 selves. May they and that speedily discover
 their mistake, and learn that there is a higher
 morality than any they have yet dreamed of,
 which is summed up by an old writer thns
 “Do justly, lovt mercy and walk humbly with
 thy God —j. o.
Education a Crime.— It is a crime in the
 Southern State*, for any person to undertake
 to teach a slave how to read and write. The
 New Orleans Courier of the 16th, contains the
 annexed:
 “John Vening, arrested some days since
 on a charge of teaching slaves to read and
 write, was yesterday examined before Recor
 der Baldwin, and commited for trial before
 the First District* court. The accused, it ap
 pears is the principal of a school lor free col
 ored children on Apollo street. John n.
 Henderson having missed for some time lac
 daughter of a negreas belonging to him, and
 who was employed in hia house as a servant,
 instituted a search for her and found her in
 hia school. The charge was brought by Dr.
 Heoderson, ami the accused pled that he was
 ignorant that the girl was a slave, and that
 she was sent there by her mother, whose
 condition he knew not. Dr. Heodetsou, tes
 tified, that after informing him the girl was a
 slave, »od cautioning him against receiving
ber, b* will received her i» his school, and
 con tin m 4 instructing ber.”
 W bat a sad ramwourjr this, upon tl&lt;e in*
 stitatMM of slavery* I&lt;* f while wjth fact*
 »i« related to us. any wonder, that abolition
 l*m at the north should geeersliy prevail. A
 enma for endeavoring to teach the mind how
 to burst from an ignorant bondage into light!
 and reasoo’ A dreadful law* indeed
 and Keystone.
 Letter aad !few*peper Postage.
 We have received a circular from Joshua
 Leavitt, Secretary of the Boston Cheap
 Postage Association It is addressed particu
 larly to the publishers of newspapers, but the
 object which it has in view is equally interest- 1
 ing to all classes of a reading community.
 Every one is interested in ihe subject of
 Cheap Postage. The idea of raising a reve
 nue out of the transmission of intelligence
 must be entirely abandoned. All that the
 Administration should ever dream of from
 this source is the mere return ol the required
 outlay. That this object can be gained at a
 much lower rate of postage than that now
 charged in the Free States, has been demon
 atra ed, time and again, beyond a shadow of
 doubt. Of the Slave States the same cannot
 be asserted without hesitation. We rather
 apprehend, that even at the present rates,
 they do not meet their own expenses. But
 they never will so long as they are Slave
 States. There cannot be much ot cither
 reading or writing, where, for a large propor
 tion of the population, the possession of
 knowledge is a crime. This is one of the
 items of subsidy which Freedom, by the
 union of the Northern with the Southern
 States, is compelled to pay to Slavery.
 The immediate cause,” says the circular
 ‘‘of the failure to pass a bill for Che3p Pos
 tage, was a division among the friends of
 postage reform, to send newspapers postage
 free.” It will be recollected that in the
 House, last year, Mr. Ashrnun offered an
 amendment to a bill abolishing the franking
 privilege, the provisions of which amendment
 were intended to bring the rates of postage »n
 i this country very nearly to a level with those
 of Britain, namely, a uniform rate of two cents
 on all letters weighing not more than half an
 ounce; more than half an ounce, and not
 more than one ounce, four cents, &amp;c. This
 measure of reform, its projectors w ere encour
 aged to hope by the successful example of
 Britain, would be earned out, to the great
 advantage of the public, and without any loss
 to the revenue. But it failed, by two votes,
 solely, as the circular states, because it did
 not embrace the newspaper provision. It
 seems that under the present regulations, as
 appears from Majoi Ilobbie’s letter of last
 December, one-third of the expense of news
 paper postage is a charge to the Department.
 Now r it is very evident, that the expense ol
 transmission of newspapers must be paid by
 the public in some way. We are no friends
 to indirect taxation; and we imagine that tin 1
 majority of our readers are equally with our
 selves convinced that the postage and every
 other Department should meet its own ex
 penses. If we cannot at present have news
 papers carried free of expense, and, at the
 same time, have a cheap letter postage,
 (though we are fully persuaded that a little
 experience of the cheap letter system will
 show the practicability of this also,) then let
 us have what is next best— namely, an imme
 diate trial of a low postage on both letters and
 newspapers. The proposed plan by the
 Cheap Postage Association is given below.
 The reasonableness of this proposal will be
 allowed on all hands.
 1. That the uniform rate of postage on
 newspapers should be one cent, paid in ad
 vance. (i. e. we suppose, at the office
 where they are taken, and not at the otlice
 from where they are sent
 2. All regular subscribers tube allowed to
 pay their postage quarterly in advance.
 Otherwise, the postage to he doubled, or the
 publisher notified to stop the paper.
 3. AH papers not sent to regular subscri
 bers to be paid in advance at tbe office where
 they are mailed—except the usual free ex
 change papers, which will be continued of
 course.
 4. Publishers prohibited from including oc
 casional papers in the bundles sent to subscri
 beis.
 5. To facilitate the prepayment ot postage
 on occasional papers, let the Post-Office fur
 nish stamped strips or wrappers, for one cent
 each, to be used in all cases except of papers
 sent to subscribers. These to be kept for
 sale, at every Post-Office.
 6. It would probably be for the interest of
 the department to sell these newspaper stamps
 in quantities, of 1000 or more, at a liberal re
 duction; of one-fourth, or even one-half—the
 increase of business more than compensating
 for the discount.
 But, at all hazards, we are in favor of
 cheap postage, and hope that this year, this
 much needed reform will be carried to a suc
 cessful issue. For our own part, we have no
 vote, nor anything to say in the matter; but
 if we had, and fell disposed to use it, we
 should be very much aided in deciding that a
 candidate was deserving of our suffrages, il
 we found him willing to aid in every measure
 which had for its object the promotion of tbe
 education and brotherly feeling of the people
 Cheap Postage is one such measure. If the
 sums that are expended yeaily in war or pre
 paration for war against a foreign enemy
 were expended in waring against that interna
 foe of this, as of all other nations—lgnoiance
 whether by transmitting intelligence free o!
 charge, or in some other way, how much
 more rational would it be, and how infinitely
 more glorious and world-improving its re
 suits J- d.
Liberty in the Model Republic. The
 Louisville Democrat an out-aDd out pro-sla
 very paper gives the following
 Wanted to Vote. A negro, ot mulauo,
 pi evented himself before the Judge.* of the
 Seventh Ward precinct, on Wednesday alter
 ooon, and offered his vole. H« 5000 fuUwl
 out that Joe Jeans, one of the city watch, was
 on hand, and that he believed sables were not
 quite entitled to that privilege yet. He
 knocked the fellow over for his impudence
 Verdict of the crowd —served him right.
National Leaoue of the People or
 Colo*. —Frederick Douglass urges the for
 mation of a National League by the colored
 people of this Country, in which all their dif
 ferences of sect, party and clan, and all petty
 jealousies and fends ahall be absorbed and
 forgotten ia the one great object —the pro
 tection of their rights and promotion ol their
 welfare. The proposal generally meet* *&lt;h
 a warm approval from the more intelligent &lt;»fi
 their number, and will, we trust, »e*d to more,
 harmony and a closer unity among them
 Their petty divisions and feuds perpetuate
 their wrongs. They are too weak lo aflimJ
 to imitate the quarrels of their oppressors, but
 such a people can never be subjected and op
 preaaed if cordially united ia feeling and ac
 tisa.— Pa. Freeman.
Wm. IlfOirn in Dabli&gt;,-?lo ('oloutiai,.
 there.
 Th« Dublin Freeman's Journal of th« p,
 ult.,givcaan interesting report r 'f a xoer
 held in Dublin, to welcome Wm Bro«
 to the capital o( Ireland. Fverv v*»t cf tr
 spacious Hall (say* the Journal,) f
 at an early hour Javi:** Haixhtov,
 tool; the chair I'he following ire
 from the speeches
 The hairman opened the proceedings
 a few brief prefatory remarks H e ?3 d V
 was thcic for the purpose of mtrod o, n c
 the meeting a man f, r twent, vearahw
 been subject to the stripes on ,he r
 the tr.cntal nmnolu imposed on lhf
 man by the Curse of s W,. Who co 2
 hoa, the a bom: nab cmbmai/0,, of
 bmed in the word, human slavery ,h.
 feel w.,h.n turn ,h, ra S“
 Wl h "—m U m
 •o abhorrent to human reay M
 .n the »ghl .h-U.^'rt tT ,bl
 (hear, hear.) Hut would nbo beUveiTh*
 men wete foun«l who attempted m 11)3
 system ot human slavery bv argument d
 duced from the sacred waitings 1 but t,«
 chairman) would ask, what connection cu L
 exist Ivtween the d.v;ee teaching* ot
 Saviour, ami the atrocious system wh.cn*,
 ered husband from wile, mother from ch.'j
 ami subjected fellow bumgs to treatment mute
 cruel than was given to the beasts
 and made ya* it was nothing Jess) wretch*)
 man the arbiter of the life of his fellow wotu
 to huy and n. sell and dispose to the highs*
 bidder ol the persons of h.s fellow -creatures
 who were in a thousand instances found gift*
 w ith souls and minds, wuh energy and geolll
 tar superior to those «u the grovelling v
 sensual brutes who impiously dared
 rugate to themselves a right ol ownership
 traffic in human beings, tar elevat &gt;,j jJbore
 them ir» all that constitutes the moral »tai 1
 'of manhood and excellence &lt;rheers
 would beg to introduce to them M r
 ihereMr Drown rose and stepped JZr
 and was received wnh loud and cord,a!
 and he would leave u to the meet.n* 0
 cide (when they would have heard him)
 ther he was one upon whom the braid
 chattel ownership could be placed b&gt;
 pious slaveowner (cheers i
 Mr. Webb then came forward and rea
 son™ passages IT. m the Anti Slavery UareuV
 in the highest degree coniplunentarv t,&gt;
 i Brown s talent and sterling w„,,h J tieir
 1 axtracts were received w„h OUli ch T'
 i the meeting.
 Mr. Brown, the emancipated dav* x it
 came forward in front of the platform and waa
 received with repealed rounds of ihe warmest
 and most cheering plaudits. H e bowed
 1 graceful and evidently heartfelt aoknowkv
 ment, and said, that m general j&gt;erson&gt; j‘
 i pearing before an enlightened public auii«w
 •uch as he had the honor to address, e;t
 I enabled to sustain tlieir part, and felt e j, ilr
 i hesitation consequent on so piomment iw.
 tion by the knowledge in themselves that the
 perhaps possessed something m the shape ot
 acquirement or capability to recommend them
 (hear, hear.) 1 lie best aeeessorv towards
 that certainly liberal education, but that
 blessing he unfortunately had not ken bori
 u. enjoy. Ihe little he possessed m the »hii*
 ot acquirement was the result ot unaided ami
 laborious exertnyi (cheers It could not
 otherwise, tor I'.veiit v of his best and youngest
 years had heen spent, riot under tie* gentle
 guidance of a preceptor, hut under the hum
 iash.d the taskmaster in hopeless and help
 less slavery (cheers.) Jle mm but came be
 tor« that enlightened meeting to 3 within
 their view a simple statement ot the miseries
 and suffering entailed on on** unhappy section
 •1 their fellow creatures, wlio were made th,
 ■ubects of the tyranny and captive 0 f men
 i calling themselves Chnstians anil boasting oi
 freedom, and when he had done, if he onh
 succeeded in impressing all who heard bin
 with even a faint notion of the iinchutwi
 barbarity of the slave system of the A roman
 states, he would feel that he had done niuth,
 feeling convinced that no truly t’hnstiin a
 1 setnbly, once convinced ol even a part of Ui«
 horrors of that system, would hesitate lor 4
 moment one and all to exert every faculty for
 *Hes purpose of denouncing, and, it possible
 I overturning such a vile outrage against Bod i
 j law, and human reason, and feeling He
 knew that he addressed many who still held
 in revered remembrance a man now departed,
 whose life was one continued and nobis itrag*
 gle for the religious and civil liberty ,l h'»
 native land—Daniel O. Connell (loud and re
 peated cheers.) Mayhap there were intuy
 now present who would recollect that when
 j the Liberator of the Irish people w 3S m tbs
 zenith of his well earned popularity, hu
 friendship was sought by the representin'*
 i of every power at the court of St James'*
 Stephenson, ihe American, was anxious to
 know and to have to boast of the friendship
 O’Connell, and that friendship— the friend
 ship of the illustrious Irishman, would have
 been gladly given to him who sought it, but
 the rumour was abroad that Stephenson uu
 a slaveholder, a buyer and seller of hums:
 flesh, and the free soul of O’Connell spurnsc
 the proffered hand of theslavedealrr (cheers
 That hand was outstretched to O’Connell, but
 before he could think ot taking it, he asked,
 Arn you, or are you not a slaveholder
 The answer was, “I arn” “Then,” said its
 hater of slavery, “1 will not press the bint
 of a trafficker in the flesh and blood of m&gt;
 j fellow ruen” (cheers Tha American mom
 hostile challenge toO’Connell, hut he wt:.*
 courage had been painfully tried before,
 well refuse, and without reproach, to acei
 even as an enemy, the man who had itweA
 so many of Cod's children of then U*r.&gt;
 (cheers
 After having placed the subject of A«*r
 can slavery in tis fullest light before the au
 j diencfc, Mr. Brown concluded with a for .bis
 appeal to the Christian aympailno oi List
 I men to use every effort, arid tr add t' e we.gbt
 J of their influence to the endea-urs wtuch
 j becoming every d*y more snvceaful in poi
 ting an end for ever to the ile s stem oi
 human slavery which, until at-diahe*!, wooid
 remain a deadly blot on the uarac ;i of tns
 American nation. Mr. Hie wn ihen
 down amidst fond cheering
 Mr Webb then briefly addre xd thj meet
 ting, and proposed a reuolulioa, w« h oming
 Mr Brown to this country, and asser irig that
 ri ,he friends ot abolition of slavery vete tbs
 beat fitends to the ptospenty of the I mted
 1 States, and deflating those who w
 maintainnegtoslavery lobe the worst enerni**
 of America.
 Thus resolution was pot and earned b«
 clanntton, after which thanks At:&lt; »*ned a
 the chairman, and the meeting sej
The Cromwell Fajhilv.—Oiw iVS4!
 iccordsthe death of Mrs. Ru**ell, it*
 ter of the late Mr Oliver ‘romwcll, &gt;J
 gtapher of bis illustrious ancestor -tn&lt;s
 take. Mr. Cromwell ru lineally de^ce 0^*1
 from Henry Cromwell. He had no t* 4
 heir, and it is said to have been hr* wish
 his &gt;on-in-law should lake the name ot Cro
 well* hut George JV. had the meanness u
 withhold bis permission Ihe Ime ol KcA
 ard Cromwell ler.rioated in a female dsscec
 dant, Mrs. Mary Cromwell, who died uuziae
 iit-d at an adv*need ago, honored tor beres
 emplarv woith and unaffected piety A**'
 fan Palrtol
Slave Eweite.-A’seriousaffrav occur*-
 oear Helena, Arkansa*. ou the Iftb ul l&gt;
 between an overseer and a negro man v
 Murphy, ttie overseer, was dia*tw«f
 slave's wife, when the slave interfered,
 tng the overseer a blow with an iv*
 desperate struggle ensued, but Morph' 0
 raped to a neigh Inin n g plantation- -the
 reiuaiuing. When the .Sheriff, aivunipa j
 by two others, attempted to arrest tb*-
 he strongly resisted, exchanging
 with the posne. He escaped to the
 j mortally wounded it is supposed.
"
