"I FREDLRICK DOUGLASS, Kditor
VOL. 11. NO. 39.
The NORTH STAR in published every
 Friday, At No. U, Buffalo Street,
 1 Jppon.tr tht Art nit
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, ahroyi in adits net. No
 subscription will l« received lor a less term than
 ein month*.
 Advertise newt* not exceeding ten line* inserted
 ’'ree ti ne* for one dollar; ever*’ subaequeut inver
 sion, twenty-five cent*
 1m object ot U»e .Vo K ni Six* will lie to attach
 Si x' rut in ail iu f«*rm* and aspect*; advocate
 I'iurrtiiAL Emancipation; exalt the standard
 Pcpi.ic Morality; promote the moral and in
 -IVeiuaJ improvement of the Colored People;
 »n.i ha*ten tlie day of FREEDOM to tire Three
 Millions of our Enslaved Fellow Coun
 trymen.
 PCDLIOtiER’S NOTICES.
 All comtacaication* relating to tlie burin tt*
 r,j(n of the paper, names of eubscilliers, remit
 tance*, Ur., should be addressed to John Dick,
 I uhtiftber.
 f Agent*, and &amp;11 others sending name*, are
 r qur»te&lt;l to Ixi accurate, an*i the P"*t Opice,
 the (xm-iljs and tie Stott. Each Subscrilier is un
 mediately credited for money received.
 Any person sending in tlie payment for four
 subscribers, to le forwarded to ore addr*-*", may
 bare a fifth copy for one year.
 All letter* and Communication* must l* posl
 aid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.—R. F. Waleutt, 21, Conihill,
 Boston; Natlian Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio \V
 Foster, l-owell; James N. Buffum, I.ynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bomne Spooner, I’lvmouth;
 Charle* 11. Seth, Springfield; David Buggies,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Upton.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Robin«on, Nortlr Fer
 risbttrg.
 Connecticut. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 New Hampshire. —Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 New York.— Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; Jame* Me Curse Smith, 93, West Broadway;
 J, »eph Post, Westlwiry, Qihtii County; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Dotv, Maccdon; Willetts Keese,
 Peru, Clinton County; \Villiam S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J- Jeffrey, Geneva; F. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Ainaranrv Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania. —J. M. M’Kun,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; VVm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob 1,. Paxon, Norris
 own, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 Net* Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; V\ at
 on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vevslnirgh, W arren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.— Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
From ihe Liberator.
 WENUEI.L PHILLIPS TO JAMES
 11A1JGHTON, OF DUBLIN.
 Boston, Aug. 20th, 1849.
 JiMEs Halghton, Esq., Dublin:
 Dear Sir, —Vou will have heard,
 before this reaches you, of Father
 Mathew’* decision to be silent, while in
 tht9 country, on the subject of slavery.!
 The Abolitionists have learned it with
 deep regret. Being all of us, with
 hardly an exception, teetotalers,
 utaly acquainted with and deeply in
 terested in Father Mathew’s labors,
 grateful for the noble protest he sent
 here against slavery in 1842, and tor
 the welcome be has given to American
 Abolitionists abroad—accustomed our-'
 •elves to give a fair proportion of our
 efforts to the temperance cause,
 hoped for a cordial sympathy from the;
 great teetotaller.
 We did not expect, and you will oh-|
 serve, we did not ask Father Mathew j
 to take any prominent part, or give
 any great amount of time to the anti
 •lavery enterprise. We recognized, I
 with the rest of the world, the peculiar
 sphere which Providence seems to have
 marked out for him, and approved, as!
 W-ll as admired, his profound devo
 ton to his'one idea.
 But no one, much leas no one upon
 whom the eyes of millions are fixed,
 can be ao exclusively a teetotaller, or
 anything else, that his opinions on oth
 er points may not be known, and his
 influence counted on. All .ve asked of
 Father Mathew was, that he would em
 brace “every suitable opportunity to
 bear a clear and unequivocal testimo
 ny, both in public and private, against
 the enslavement of any portion of the)
 human Family'; and again, “with noi
 wish or design to divert him from his
 great mission, we trusted that he would
 occasionally find an opportunity to ad
 monish his countrymen to be true to
 liberty.”
 Must a traveller do nothing but flat-!
 ter? If he may be excused from this,
 then, surely, the man who, onjanding,
 had alluded, in every speech, in glow
 ing terms, to the “free institutions” of‘
 the soil' on which he trod—and pro-1
 mtsed to carry back a faithful picture
 of the “workings of our admirable
 moral, social, industrial and education
 al establishments”—who could dis
 cuss, with his American admirers, his
 relations with the British Government
 is a pensioner, Su\ &amp;c., might, we
 thought, find time, in some of bis thou
 sand speeches. for, now and then, a
 word worthy of a Christian man, as to
 those bloody laws which doom every
 sixth person in this land to worse than
 death—on that “sin against God and
 rnan, of whose “horror,” “degrada
 tion, “oppression,” and “withering
 curse, had spoken to the Irish
 here, eloquently, in 184*2.
 We ventured, it is tiue, to ask his
 presence, if he had tune to spare, at a
 celebration of the great British Act of
 Emancipation in 1834; deeming that to
 be an occasion of such universal in
 terest that a foreigner, and especially
 an Irishman, might share in it.
 Father Mathew replies thut he shall
 uol “commit himself” on this subject
 while in America Perhaps we ought
 to have expected as much from one
 who, years ago, declared that he
 would rather the temperance cause
 were lost, than that the Catholic order
 should be injured.” But we hoped
 better things. Ono thing we must
 praise—the prudent Father's frank
 ness. He vu no Juamt then. He
 lairly confesses that, m his opinion no
 one, however world-wide his repute,
 cao bt of use in America, unless he.
THE NORTH STAR.
I
 I consent* to be gagged on the subject ot
 Slavery; and be contentedly puts tfu
 gag on. A poor compliment, to be
 sure, to the land he visits, to Saj?,
 "Your freedom is so nominal, that no
 man, however fenced about by good
 deeds and the world’s love, can be al-
 I lowed to speak his miod.” But suejb
 is Father Mathew's declaration, in
 i substance; and many of our papers en
 dorse and applaud hits.
 Perhaps you will say, I judge him
 too harshly—that he tees the country
 divided into two parties on this ques
 tion, and chooses to side with neither,
 Remember, then, that the
 i.wuuuage, worse than murder,
 according to Coleridge—-"the sum &lt;gl
 all villanies,” according to Wesley: thit
 ou its side are many millions- against
 it, a few* thousands. A Christian sword
 would leap from its scabbard in such a
 cause; and lips which God had touch
 ed could not forbear speaking. "On
 Slavery,” said Father Mathew himself,
 in 1842, "no one can be neutral. He
 who is not against it is for it.” This
 excuse, therefore, dees not avail.
 I Our opponents have sometimes
 charged us, you will remember, with
 j exaggerating the influence of the slave
 system, and the servile corruption of
 public opinion on the subject. Judge,
 i now, which party is right. Father
 Mathew, a world’s wonder, almost
 sainted in the love of his contempora
 ries, must keep silence on this dreaded
 subject, if he w’ould retain his influ
 ence! How’ heavy, then, do you judge,
 j the burden must rest on more coinrnun
 men? .If he cannot be allowed to
 speak, W’ho can? Like the maiden in
 Spenser, the philanthropy of his mis
 sion had tamed into admiring silence,
 religious bigotry, national antipathy,
 and the bickerings of party. There was
 one dragon whom no life of saint-like
 devotion could appease, and Father
 Mathew’ vails his crest to the slave
 power of America, in order to retain
 his influence!
 Is is, 1 think, a fatal mistake. He
 who in this way seeks to save his in
 fluence shall lose it. Americans knew
 Father Mathew to be an Anti-Slavery
 man, and expected him to be himself
 everywhere. They may profit by the
 treason, but, as in ail other cases, will
 despise the traitor.
 What has he gained? He has lost
 the confidence of reformers. Every
 Northern Doughface sees the great
 Teetotaller belittled to his own level.
 Is that a gain? W’ould a frank ex
 pression of his opinion on this subject,
 “occasionally,” (oil wo ttj*ked,) liaro
 injured him with the Irish? Of course,
 he could never expect to have much
 influence with slaveholders themselves.
 Indeed, few native born Americans
 dream of taking the pledge at his
 hands; and a slaveholding teetotaller
 finds no true description but the trite
 one in Butler—compounding
 f or sins he it inclined to
 By dam.iing ihoae lie lias ro mind to.”
 An Anti-Slavery teetotal saint promis
 ing silence on Slavery, that he may
 win such, —how far is he from the king
 dom of the same condemnation? What,
 then, has he gained? A noisy reception
 wherever he goes, from wine drinkers
 —civic feasts from the old foes of the
 temperance cause—the hurras of the
 newspapers! And thus he sells
 the wide scope of his large honors
 For so much trash as may be gra»ped thus!”
 True, this glitter has its effect upon
 the ignorant class he addresses; but to
 injure the slave with one hand, as much
 as he helps the Irish laborer with the
 other, is but a poor claim to a world’s
 gratitude. It was the boast of O'Con
 nell, that he would never set foot on
 American soil, while it was polluted
 with slavery. Father Mathew not only
 visits us, but consents to go padlock
 ed that he may be feted!
 The Reverend gentleman underrates
 both his own importance and the ser
 vile worship we gladly pay to rank.
 When Lord Morpeth was in South
 Carolina, he commented freely on
 slavery. His tuft-loving hearers, re
 membering ‘the blood of all the How
 ards,’ ate their leeks in silence. Had
 Father Mathew been true to his own
 conscience and fame, we should have
 recognized him as noble by the right of
 an earlier creation, and submitted still
 more respectfully to his rebuke.
 You will observe, also, that he has
 gone too far in his submission, even for
 our latitude. All the papers which
 criticise this matter, presume that the
 interview must be misrepresented! No
 attempt, however, worthy of notice,
 has been made to impeach the accura
 cy of Mr. Larrison’s account, and the
 recent interview of Mr. Rogers with
 1 Father Mathew fully confirms it. But
 you will observe that, taking it for ac
 curate, even our papera cannot defend
 it. If so, why hasten to presume that
 he did not say what he is stated to have
 said? The Reverend Father has got
 so humbly on hts knees before the
 slave power, that even our editors, who
 are ‘native here, and to the manor
 born,’ cannot get low enough to be
 level with him.
 Each man chooses, according to his
 taste *nd abilities, the particular sphere
 to which he will devote himself; but,
 above and beyond that choice, we owe
 each our countenance, the ex
 pression ol our opinion and testimony,
 whenever that expression will relieve
 suffering, or correct wrong? How else
 i shall proud majorities be stay«d? Ire
 land looks for aid to the public opinion
 of Christendom given her incidentally
 by those immersed in their own cares
 and struggles. That is the fulcrum on
 which she rests her efforts against the
 cruel indifference of the British peo
 ple. Slavery is in the same condition.
 Laws and oceans interposed, cannot
 break the brotherhood of the race;
 and Father Mathew owes the eUre this
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRT'TH IS OF NO COLOR-OD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL. ANT) ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
testimony, in obedience to that fait
 which both profess, which bids th
 strong help the weak. He has n
 right to sell his silence on Slavery, thai
 with thirty pieces of silver, he ms
 swell the treasury of Irish teetotalisn
 Silence from such a visitor is most sig
 mficant tuppori and no purpose, how
 ever holy, can justify a visit to ou
 I shores at the price of such a com
 promise.
 YVe arc aware that the eyes of th
 world are fixed on Father Mathew, am
 that whosoever censures his course
 has the world fur .v--^
 auioe its verdict on the issui
 between us. A Christian minister, con
 fessing that he can innocently stani
 face to face w4h the sinner, and pre
 mise not to rebuke him! A Catl«oli&lt;
 submitting the spiritual to the civil pow
 er, in that he allows human laws to ex
 cuse him from delivering his divide
 message, “Do as you would be dont
 by”—“Open thy mouth for the dumb,
 in the cause of all such as are ap
 pointed to destruction.” An Abolitionisl
 coming to a land where humanity
 wages her battle against such fearful
 odds—to remain no neutral, but by
 marked silence, in such circumstances,
 give comfort to the foes of truth—
 throw discredit on the slave’s friend:
 —and lull into false security the half
 awaking conscience of the oppressor!
 A man, gathering into his hand more
 influence than any other of the age can
 boast, and cowering before a guilty
 people, instead of rebuking them in
 the majesty of his God-given power.
 We deny the right of any man, es
 pecially one of commanding influence,
 to be silent on one question, that he
 may enhance his weight on others.
 W’e do not allow a foreign birth to ab
 solve any one, whose position gives
 him influence here, from speaking in
 behalt of the American slave. If there
 be anything in the character of the
 temperance cause to break down na
 tional distinctions, and allow interna
 tional influence, there is tenfold as
 much in the Anti-Slavery agitation.
 The slave, a man, denied education,
 robbed of the Bible, of his wife, his
 :hildren, of himself hopelessly im
 bruted—wnmam doomed almost of ne
 cessity to licentiousness—marriage an
 lihilated what stands between the
 servant of Jesus Christ and such a
 jicture to bar him from rebuking the
 vretch who creates it? A law? It
 he slaveholder made slaves, as he
 Irinks wine, of his own free will, the
 &gt;rudent Father would feel at liberty to
 teal with hirn. But he nas maae pro
 ititution tawful —made murder lawful
 —made the selling of his own children
 it auction lawful —and so the true
 apostolic successor of Peter and Paul
 s disarmed, and cries out, “We ought
 ;o obey man rather than God.’, “No
 aw can sanction slavery,” said O’Con
 lell. What murder is on the pirate
 deck, that precisely is slavery on the
 American soil. Every lover of justice,
 every Christian, is free, and is bound
 to denounce it. A Christian minister,
 hailing a pirate ship, and promising to
 say nothing against their occupation, if
 they would let him offer them the
 pledge, would be a fit type of a teeto
 taller bound to silence on slavery to
 advance teetotalism. We consider
 free speech no favor granted us by
 man, but a right, the gilt of God, and
 abjure the policy of yielding any por
 tion of it to save the rest.
 We hold the truth which God shows
 us, as no play thing, or counter with
 which to traffic; but to ne uttered, all
 of it, indue time, and especially before
 those whom it concerns.
 We hold it to be the first mark of
 goodness, and the highest privilege of
 greatness, to speak what you think;
 and especially in times when words are
 deeds and mighty to work wonders.
 Painful indeed would it he to a sincere
 Abolitionist*, if God condemned him to
 go up and down this land drying up the
 sources of intemperance, and forbade
 him, full of powers as he was, to lift
 his little finger for the relief of that
 hideous bondage he was daily doomed
 to witness. Oil all these points at issue
 between ourselves and Father Mathew
 we shall cheerfully abide the verdict
 of the world and posterity.
 According to Father Mathew, while
 Ireland is starving, all the world not
 British born must keep silence on tho
 cruel mistakes of Government which
 have ruined her; and any great Briton
 may be innocently still, if, so doing,
 he can husband his influence for the
 peace or the anti-state church cause!
 Was it indeed so, when he saw the iron
 entering the souls of hs countrymen?
 Did he nut summon the world to her
 rescue? The American Slave, a hun
 gered, with none to give him bread—
 athirst, with none to give him drink—
 sick and in prison, with none to visit
 hi, n&gt; asks of the great Irishman the
 bread of his testimony asks that he will
 not allow his potent name to be added
 to the list of those who justify silence,
 in any circumstances, ot such a sin.
 Father Mathew thanks us, Ameri
 cans, that we have given the world the
 doctrine of total abstinence. He would
 fitly return the favor by holding to oui
 lips the biller cup of Anti-Slavery.
 God says to this nation, Let »ny peo
 ple go"— but Father Mathew is so very
 proper a ptiest, that God’s message
 must be countersigned by the national
 authorities, before he will consent to
 deliver it—unless, indeed.it be to* a
 people, like the Irish, who do not hold
 slaves, and will not feel offended.
 Father Mathew is so enthusiastic a
 teetotaler meanwhile, that a man may
 sell his own children at auction un
 earned, if ha will but do it aober! Fa
 ther Mathew is such a protestant, suen
 a stickler for the right of private judg
 ment on this question, that he can see
 nothing specific in the Scriptures
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FJIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1819.
hi against Slavery; though successive
 c| Popes infallible ha* denounced it as
 o unchristian and a a!
 Still, in 1842, Fiber Mathew could
 exhort his poor, ueducated couutry
 i, men, to exert “aI their influence''
 agajnst Slavery—,-hen for them to
 sp**ak was to sacrifie their daily bread,
 r j Now, being here, biaingle word worth
 all the influence of Jl the emigrants
 who ever landed, ancto be spoken at
 no cost—Fattier Matfew means to do
 j nothing at ail in the premises.
 We inigh t *pect he Jesu
 ..flying* j bat «od justiftp/f c/itr
 means—that, as lies were allowable in
 i mother church's cause, io winking at
 II Slavery might be for temperance sake.
 But then, hov* Xav er vould have
 laughed at a Catholic Chriitian allow
 ing human laws, or mtionfcl lines, to
 stop the mouth of his rebjke? And
 so he cannot be a Jesut, but is simply
 Father Mathew Americanized! whe
 ther for better or worse. Ireland will
 determine.
 Every Irishman, the victim of cen
 turies ot oppression, woild, we should
 suppose, sympathize with the oppres
 sed; and when we have seen it other
 wise, in the emigrants tfat crowd to
 our shores, we have attributed it to ig
 norance and degradation. But Father
 Mathew, “the brignt consunmate flow
 er of your Isles, seems too seal up the
 lesson, and show your umappy race
 s *de by side with the Saxor, the Pro-
 I tesfant, the Puritan, Covenanter and
 1 Baptist, ail races and all sexes, who
 j have ever failed to learn, ii the school
 I of their own persecution, sympathy for
 ,the persecuted.
 But we shall never despair of Irc
 i land while wc remembei the tried
 fidelity of O’Connell. He never sacri
 ficed the Hest Indian nr ,imerican
 Slave even to Irelai}d.
 Tow ell Buxton told me, and O’Con
 nell himself has somewhere repeated
 the story, that when he first went into
 the House of Commons, the West
 India party, then strong enojgh to car
 ry or defeat any measure, offered him
 support on his Irish question, if lie
 would absent himself from anti-slavery:
 meetings. His answer was, “Come;
 liberty, come slavery to myself, I will
 never countenance slavery at home or
 abroad. 1 will take my part at anti-]
 slavery meetings; and though it should,
 be a blow against Ireland, it is a blow
 in favor of human liberty, and I will
 strike that blow'.” Again, when the
 Repealers here threatened to withdraw
 their contributions, unless he wmuld
 denouncing mnerican slavehold
 ers—what was his reply? “Let them
 blame me—let me be execrated by
 them—let their support be taken from
 Ireland: Slavery, 1 denounce you.!
 wherever you are. Come freedom,
 come oppression to Ireland, let Ireland
 be .as she may, I have my conscience
 clear before my God. Come good or
 evil, 1 am the enemy of slavery in eve
 ry form.” And on another occasion—
 “l enter into no compromise with
 slavery.”
 A different tone this, from the “non- 1
 committal” of Ireland’s living idol,!
 Spite of the proverb, I think the dead
 lion the better of the two.
 When Howatd was dining with the
 English Ambassador at Vienna, he de-|
 nounced in strong terms the prisons of
 Austria.
 “Hush,” said Sir Robeit Keith,,
 “your words will be reported to the
 Emperor.”
 “What,” exclaimed the model Eng
 lishman, “shall this tongue of mine be
 tied from speaking truth by any King
 or Emperor in the world? I repeal
 what I asserted.”
 God grant the world another How
 ard, and may he visit these States.
 Yours, truly,
 WENDELL PHILLIPS, i
The Porscrjpli vf. Spirit. On
 Thursday, the day after our election,!
 the Rev. Howard Malcolm, D. D., who!
 has so long and successfully occupied j
 the Presidency at Georgetown College, j
 felt compelled, by the violent excite-!
 inent produced by his voting for the
 Emancipation candidate, to hand in to
 a called meeting of the trustees his
 immediate resignation, which was ac
 cepted.
 Here is a manifestation of the pro
 slavery spirit. It wishes to make
 slaves of the white as well as of the
 blacks. It lays its hand upon the white
 man, and says, “Obey my bidding, or
 you shall suffer the penalty! I am
 your master, and you must not attempt
 to resist me! Do so if you dare!”
 j
 Dr. Malcolm, for thesake of peace,
 had yielded everything he could. Hej
 had not subscribed for the Examiner— j
 had not circulated handbills—had not
 even conversed openly on the subject, i
 But he was not wiiling to give up the!
 last privilege of a freeman —that of!
 voting according to his sentiments
 —and the pro-slavery spirit said to him,
 “Go! No man shall set himself up in
 opposition to ine with impunity. I will
 be obeyed! Don’t assume the airs ot
 a freeman before me! VV hite and black
 shall do as I bid!”
 But this voice of the Pro-Slavery
 spirit w ill w ake up a response different
 from that which it expects. The spirit
 of Freedom will be roused from its
 sleep, and hill and valley will re-echo
 with its voice. From the mountain
 will be heaid the sound, “I will be
 free!” and th* plain will answer, “I
 will be free!” —Louisville Examiner.
Novel Decision Westetn Jus
 tice.—A woman was convicted of
 stealing a piece of linsey, in Randolph
 County, la end the justice sentenced
 her husband to jail for Uie offence. The
 Boston Post is responsible for the truth
 of the above.
From the Morning Star.
 VICTIMS or LAND PIRATES—MAI
 THEY BE SECRETED’—J. R
 GIDDINGS.
 A man is stolen from the shores o
 Africa. He is planted a slave in ou
 Southern States. With all the terror
 of despotism constantly frowning ove
 him, he toils hard on harder fare. Hi
 thinks of the sunny hills and vales
 fanned with the genial breezes whief
 he is to drink no more! Every reflo
 thought is a sting in his sensibility
 Every nrpsneciiye L
 arrow in hw ne-n. poisoning the soul
 He is alive in a grave so deep that h«
 cannot climb out. He pravs in vaii
 for a kind hand to cover him, that he
 may sleep away his sorrow’ in the bosoir
 of his mother earth.
 Time passes on.miseries multiply, in
 tolerable evils thicken. Mind and both
 both suffer, both erv out, both art
 ready for any enterpr se. however haz
 ardous, if, in the midst of a thousand
 chances for failure, there he one foi
 success. The victim becomes thought
 ful, and though hemmed in with diffi
 culties, insurmountable lo anything but
 despair, resolves on one effort for free
 dom, though su: ported by but one
 taint gleam of hope. His plan is laid,
 and either in his own person, or in the
 person of one of his posterity, he is
 midway between chains and freedom,
 advertised and pursued, fainting with
 fatigue, atjd half delirious with fear.
 But knowing that liberty is before him
 if anywhere, and that nothing but the
 refined cruelties of slavery are behind
 him, his resolution falters not, his feet
 stumble not, so long as a nerve can
 hold its tension, under the inspiration
 of liberty and slavery, life and death,
 hell and heaven. But his pursuers are
 at hand. By day their voice and tread
 are in his ear. But he lies still, pant
 ing beneath the shelving sod, in the
 rivet lie overhears them say,
 as the turf above him candles beneath
 their leet, that search is to be renewed
 for him by a part of the company the
 n°xt day, while the rest of the company
 proceeded onward. Now who will not
 say, that that refugee is a poor outraged
 man? And whose sympathies will not
 side with him, m this struggle, so dis
 tressing on his part, and so diabolical
 onjtlie part of his pursuers?
 It is the still hour of midnight. The
 sky is overhung with clouds. The
 winds are chanting their most melan
 choly nocturnal dirge. The imagi
 nation of the wakeful is peopled with
 strange un«i I'.u rn* while the sleen
 er is revelling in dreams. Hark, a foot
 fall on the back door step, followed by
 a timid tap on the door, Who’s there.”
 No answer. Again, “Who’s there?”
 No reply, hut a low moan, and halt
 suppressed “God bless you massa.”
 I rise—l open tbe door. The form ot
 a man is before me. It is a man. He
 says, I’m starving, will you give me a
 crust of biead, and God bless you.”
 I strike a light and he stands confessed
 before me, the emaciated, worn and
 terror consumed fugitive slave! I give
 him bread, I give him water. He is
 thankful in every feature. But still he
 looks around wildly .and I am ill at ease.
 My humanity and Christianity are mo
 ved to think his pursuers sleep in the
 same neighborhood, and will cettainly
 find him to-morrow. His enemies are
 also ahead, and will effectually cut off
 all hopes of his advancing in gaff-tv. I,
 alone can save him. I can do this by
 secreting him. Shall I do it and dis
 appoint his pursuers? or ahall I shrink
 from it and let hirn fall into their mer
 ciless hand:? 11l d&lt;* the former, he
 will soon be free and happy. If the
 latter, the triumph of his capture w ill
 soon be celebrated in his torture.
 What of mercy now “Shall I g:ve
 or shall I not give r”
 In lavor of interposing to save my
 lone, trembling midnight guest aie
 some weighty reasons, both negative
 and positive. They who pursue him
 have no just right to capture him.
 Having already suffered much, unjust
 ly, he deserves not the torments ot the
 body and mind, which await his redoonr
 to slavery. The aspiration for liberty
 which he breathes, is of God! The
 scriptures require us to “remember
 those in bonds as bound with them.”
 Reason says help him. Christianity
 says help him. Humanity supplicate.-
 for his aid. And I feel it my duty to
 aid him under the great law of Chris
 tian reciprocity. What shall l do? I
 must not forget my relation to the gov
 ernment under which I live.
 This article is written in view of tit**
 sentiments of the extract of a speech ot
 that noble champion of liberty, J. R.
 Giddirgs, published in the Star, No 14.
 Referring to the decision o r the Sup
 preme Court, on the obligation to de
 liver up the fugitive slave, he says,
 “These slaveholding judges do not
 pretend that the government, or the
 people of the free States, are bound to
 encourage or sustain slavery; on the
 contrary they solemnly declare that
 our whole duty is to abstain from se
 creting, defending, or rescuing the
 slave. These obligations wc observe to
 the very letter. They may have been
 violated by individuals; but 1 have nev
 er known an instance of the kind. 1
 have heard and read of cases where
 citizens of my own State have been
 convicted of violating these stipula
 tions, and have suffered the legal pen
 alties attached to such violation. But
 no such case has ever come under my
 observation, nor have 1 heard of such
 an instance in Northern Ohio.” In
 another place he says, “We will lend
 him (the slave) all the aid in our pow
 er without violating the constitutions or
 laws of the land.”
 If these quotations mean anything,
 and, most certainty, such a man as
 Giddiugs does not speak to mean noth
 ing, they mean that he would not a*«
sist my midnight petitioner to the extern
 i of secreting him. For, he says the ob&lt;
 ligatioa to abstain from secreting, fee
 we keep to the very* letter. Aud s*
 vre intonates, do the people of Nortberc
 1 Ohio. But he says that these Ohic
 1 Northmen regard the slave pursuer as
 a moral pestilence,a legalized pirate.'
 But pirate though he be, they will
 not, at least Giddings will not bless Ins
 i victims with secrecy from him. Would
 ‘I he secrete a tender, harmless crafi
 i from an Algerine Corsairr
 he jgivc shelter to th* 4 c T!
 i irom a thunderstorm of death ould
 he have secreted a babe at Bethlehem,
 his own, lor instance, from the infant
 cut-throat Herod Why then not se
 j crete the terror stricken innocent refu
 gee against the “moral pestilence —the
 legalized pirate,” that pursues him?
 But will Giddings not do it? Does he
 mean all that lie says? and does he
 mean that the thousands who take him
 for their Anti-Slavery Oracle, shall
 feel themselves under no obligation to
 secrete the refugee Or, at least under
 a counter obligation so much sironger
 j that they would leave him to perish
 rather than to hide him. It is well
 known that the aid of secrecy often
 does more to defend the slave’s retreat
 than any thing else. Is this most nrc
 i essary atd to be withheld? We raise
 no .constitutional question here. We
 j know many differ from Giddings on its
 j obligations. But the masses think with
 him. And must it be believed, that,
 from nil these no mercy shall come
 for the refugee when his pursuers are
 at hand, and he needs a hiding place?
 O, tell it not in Gath, tell it not in Al
 giers, tell it not in the Vatican, tell it
 not to a Turk, tell it not where mercy
 orhumanity or justice live. Tell it not
 to the enlightened friends of mercy, lest
 i they weep. Tell it not to her enemies
 lest they rejoice!!
 But no! Northern Ohio will secrete
 the slave, and J. R Giddings will. But
 we fear there arc some who would have
 done it before reading Giddings’s
 speech, who will not afterward. His
 theory of the constitution is doubtless a
 consistent one, hut it is so inconsistent
 1 with humanity, Christianity and jus
 tice, that it will do no more to restrain
 the expansion of such a heart as w’e
 think he has, than the parchment upon
 which it is written. If we thought it
 would,ue would direct the slave to shun
 him as “a moral pestilence and land pi
 rate!” Because, in that case, for the
 refugee to fall under his auspices, when
 salvation depends on secrecy, would be
 tv.ii »i, A r v.
 M. J. s.
 ABOLITION OF SLAVERY IN THE
 PORTUGUESE COLONIES.
 We arc gratified to learn that there
 is now a fair prospect that a law will
 soon he passed in Portugal for the Abo
 j lition of Slavery in all the colonies of
 that country. A hill for that purpose
 was read in the Chamber of Peers ot
 Lisbon on the of May last, and
 I the Committee on Colonial Affairs, to
 whom it was then referred, made their
 report on the 15th of June, approving
 the bill and recommending its adoption
 ;by the Chamber. The bill provides,
 I. That the children of slaves born
 after the date of the law shall he free
 from the moment of their birth.
 ‘J. That all slaves who enter any ter
 ritory or ship of Portugal, after the
 date of the law*, from whatever motive,
 shall he considered free from the mo
 ment that they enter such territory or
 ship.
 This clause is thus qualified: In
 those countries where Slavery is sanc
 tioned by law, if slaves go on board a
 Portuguese ship, while in any port of
 1 such country, that they are of course
 amenable to the laws of that country
 while the ship is in port; but if they be
 carried out of the port, they shall be
 free from the moment the vessel is
 clear of the port. The persons who
 decoy them or tako them away, how
 ever, are to he held responsible for
 their value. Slaves accompanying the
 embassies which African potentates
 send to the Governors of Potuguese
 colonies, may be held as slaves while
 the embassy is in the country, but will
 he set free if they remain after theem
 bassy has left the Portuguese territory.
 ‘3. The transportation of slaves from,
 one Portuguese port to another, oi
 from a Portuguese port to a foreign
 country, is strictly prohibited.
 4. All slaves now belonging to the
 State are declared to be immediately
 free, on the publication of the law; and
 all who may hereafter become its prop
 erty are. at the moment they become
 j so, declared free.
 5. Every person throughout the
 Portuguese empire, is to be considered
 a freeman unless he can be legally
 i proved to be a slave.
 ti. In each Portuguese ultra-marine
 •colony, there shall be kept books for
 the registry of the slaves; and it shall
 be the duty of every slaveholder to see
 that the names of his slaves are enter
 ed, with the descriptions necessary for
 their identification. No person who is
 not registered can be held as a slave
 7. If a slaveholder shall cause to be
 registered as a slave the name of a
 person legally entitled to liberty, he
 shall forfeit ail his slaves, who are to
 he immediately declared tree; and he
 himself is to suffer the penalty usually
 imposed on the kidnapper.
 Slaveholders are also required to re
 port every half year any alterations
 which may have occurred in relation
 to their registered slaves; and if they
 omit to make this report for three suc
 cessive half-years, their slaves are all
 to be forfeited and declared free.
 8. The slave, or any of hie friends,
 may demand hia emancipation at any
 time by paying hia master the price
 Axed by arhuratort, choten one Aetf bf
 i j .-cjftdL 1H
JOHN HICK. PrpL!s»£R
WHOLE NO. 91.
the master and one-half by ihe civil au
 j tborities.
 9. Curators of slaves shall be ap
 pointed m each of the ultra-marine
 Colonies, whose duty it shall be to
 superintend the execution of the law.
 and to do all in their power to protect
 the slave and promote emancipation,
 j From this outline of the provision* of
 the proposed law, it will be seen that
 the triends of emancipation in Portu
 gal are disposed to do. tiieir work tbor
 ■ujjniy. —it the passes. Slavery
 will cease at no distant day in every
 part ct the Portuguese empire. The
 i number ot slaves m that empire, since
 the separation of Brazil, is computed
 at front 50,000 to 00,tHX&gt;, nearly
 000 of whom are in the settlement*
 along the eastern coast of Africa; about
 ft,ooo in the ape de Verde Islands;
 and the remainder, chiefly in the mil
 tlements and on the islands along the
 westeru coast of Africa.—,V. Y. Ob*
 AM Kim A,
 “THE t.\M» OF Till. FRF E WD TUK
 HOME OF THE HR WE.”

 The bruised and burdened of every
 elime have heard of America as the
 land ol the free. The wan and wretch
 ed victim of capricious tyranny, ironed
 to the floor of eastern dungeons, has
 heard of America, and lifted his shack
 led hands to t tod in praver. for one
 draught of that country’s air, which
 whoever breathes, is free. The grey
 headed exile, banished from his native
 land, his Polish home, to the far soli
 tudes of Siberian wastes, has heard ot
 America, and while, by the sickly light
 of the pale moon, he w aded back to his
 dreary shelter beneath the shapeless
 drills—he sighed for the pinions of the
 swill winged dove to bear him to
 our shore, beyond the reach of the ty
 rant s arm. The oppressed of every
 name and nation have heard of Ameri
 ca, as a kind of heaven, lying beyond
 the jurisdiction of despotism, where the
 wicked cease from troubling, where ev
 ery yoke is broken, and the captive is
 free. But these have only heard the
 melody of its jubilees. They never
 listened to the half smothered wailings
 of despair, which God hears both night
 and day ascending to the throne from
 human beings,bought, beat, and bound,
 in the very capital ol‘this boasting na
 tion. They uever saw the shambles
 under the shade of our great Temple
 of Liberty, where human souls nnd im
 mortal destinies nrc bartered for the
 merest merchandize ol the earth. They
 never henrrl &gt;*i'i
 the little child, bought in its mother’s
 arms, and torn forever from her em
 brace. Tory never witnessed the fa
 ther’s agony, as he held out his mana
 cled hands to say a broken farewell to
 his children, as they were led away to
 some distant, unknown scene of bon
 dage. They never fathomed the des
 pair of the mother’s heart, when her
 late weaned infant was knocked off bv
 the sheriff’s hammer to some stranger,
 who tore it from her arms. They nev
 er witnessed the unavailing anguish of
 that moment, when the strong ties in
 terwoven with tho fibres sf every hu
 man heart were torn asunder by the
 sons ot those who fought and fell for
 freedom. They never saw how human
 nature, like a delericless, unmurmuring
 lamb, bled on tho very steps of the
 eapitol, while the appointed champion*
 of liberty were speaking long and loud
 of the sacredness of human rights.
 They never witnessed the unavailing
 night-scenes ot this modern Aceldama,
 where, for years of disgraceful history,
 Man, blood-redeemed man, has been
 nailed to the uccursed tree of slavery
 under the very dioppings of our great
 sanctuary of liberty; under the statue
 of that goddess, which like a shameless
 harlot disguised in the immaculate
 vestments of virtue, dares stand upon
 the pinacle of that Temple which our
 fathers built,and lift her brazen, un
 blushing face to heaven, and say to
 men and God —An. men are free axo
 EQUAL. K. Bl P.RITT.
 Slave Trade in Brazil.— The
 slafe trade from all accounts, is car
 ried on almost as actively as ever, be
 tween Brazil and Africa. The dealer*
 in Brazil first send a vessel with goods,
 which the traders in Africa use in buy
 ing slaves, or “black diamonds,” a*
 they arc called. Small craft are uaed,
 and a vessel of fifty tons often carries
 as many as 150 slaves, at from $OO to
 $BO each. A Baltimore clipper i* »aid
 to have made eleven voyages to Bahia
 (where there are a dozen vessels en
 gaged in the business; in four years,
 and cleared $lOO,OOO. The traffic i*
 illegal, hut the Brazilian government
 winks at this abuse of the laws. The
 goods sent out to purchase slavea with
 are generally of British manufacture,
 and composed of munitions of war, rum
 and things of like character.
 Formerly, by Treaty with frreal
 Britain, France and the Lnited States,
 Brazilian vessels engaged in the trade
 were lawful prize*, but that treaty ex
 pired tome two years since, and ha*
 not been renewed.
 The English are charged with taking
 slaves into Kio de Jauerio, and appren
 ticing them out for a term of year*, at
 so many pound* per bead.—Lika all
 slave countrws, laboryn Brazil hi dis
 reputable—,V. Y Erprea*.
 Not bad.—.Mr being asked
 by a correspondent Do what season of
 of the year a gold hunter should rtart
 hence for California, replies, gravely:
 We consider of *f/m/ as good
 a season as any!”
 A California advent
 Mazatl»n v MM3Z***
 Mexico with***
 treated h,t
 u could lay
 ii
"
