"From the I jOihJoh Inquirer
 Tk( Pence Coickm Pari*.
 On Tuesday rooming the delegate* and
 visitors, about seven hundred in number, left
 London,and reached Pan* soon after midnight
 having enjoyed in the passage, and through
 out the day, the mo*t delightful weather.
 On landing at Bou'ogne, the authorities pre
 sented an addreaa of welcome, which was
 briefly acknowledged by Messrs Ewart,*M P.
 Sturge, and Fry.
 OPENING OF THE SESSION
 On Wednesday the Congress opener! at
 Paria, in the Salle St. Cecil*, Rue de la
 Chausseed’Antin, a large and handsome halt,
 ordinarilv appropriated to the principal con
 certo, and which, almost immediately after
 the opening of tho doors, was filled ip every
 psrt by delegates tnd visitor* from all parts
 of the world Considerably upwards of a
 thousand persona were present, the ladie* be-:
 ing accommodated with seats in iheatdc-p-!
 lenes and on the raised benches of the orches
 tra. Fites representing the various coun i
 tries of Furope were grouped around the
 platform in which ihe leading members of'
 the aaaociation were assembled The plat
 form waa occupied by the gentlemen who
 form the united committee, and each as he
 appeared was received with applause. Mr.
 CoOdcu pn-KiutJ u......ir u i k nnr
 accompanied by the gentlemen who had,
 come with him from England, and the mo-i
 meet it was known that he was present the!
 bon. gentleman jyas received with the most,
 enthusiastic acclamations, men and women i
 rising from then seats, and saluting the great
 apoatle of Free-trade. The American gen
 tlemen met also with an enthusiastic recep
 tion.
 Mr. H. Richards, one of the English sec
 retaries, read the list of the principal English
 members.
 M. J. Garnier read the list of the French
 members
 M. Garnier read the list of the committee
 President, M. V. Hugo, representant du
 peuple. Vice presidents for France, M. P.
 Appe Duguerry and M. Coquerel; for Eng
 land, Messrs. Cobden and Hindley.for Amer
 ica, Messrs. Buritt and Walker; for Belgium,
 M. W lechers, &amp;c.
 The secretary then announced the nomina
 tion of M. V. Hugo as president.
 The Archbishop of Paris had been solici
 ted to preside, but excused himself by a letter,
 which in the course of the day was read to
 the meeting.
 M. Hugo then commenced an address to the
 meeting. The speech was greatly applauded,
 notwithstanding that the fact of reading it from
 manuscript must have more or less diminish
 ed its effect. It was however, an exquisite
 piece of composition, and replete with the
 moat benevolent sentiments. We give it en
 tire.—
 "Gentlemen, —Many of you have come
 from the most distant points of the globe,
 vour hearts full of glory and religious feelings.
 You count in your ranks men of letters, phi
 losophers, ministers of the Christian religion,
 writers of eminence, and public men justly
 popular for their talents. You, gentlemen,
 nave wished to adopt Paria as the centre of
 thia meeting, w hose sympathies, full of grav
 ity and conviction, do not merely apply to one
 nation, but to the whole world. You como
 to add another principle of a still superior—
 of a more august—kind to those that now di-i
 rect statesmen, rulers, and legislators. You
 turn over, as it were, the last page of the
 Gospel—that page that imposes peace on the
 children of the same God; and in this capital,
 which has as yet only decreed fraternity
 amongst citizens, you are about to proclaim
 tho fraternity of men. Welcome, then, to
 us' Gentlemen, this religious idea, univer
 sal peace, all nations bound together in a
 common bond, the Gospel lor their supreme
 law, mediation substituted fur war—this re
 it nracticablf* Can
 it be realized’ Many practical men, many
 public men grown old in the management of
 affairs, answer in the negative. But I an
 swer with you, and I answer without hesita
 tion, Yes, ("bravo, bravo,") and I shall
 shortly provelit 10 you. Igo still further. I
 do not merely say it is capable of being put
 into practice, but, I add that it is inevitable,
 and iu execution is only a question of
 and may be hastened or retarded The law
 which rules the world cannot be different
 from the law of God. But the divine law is
 not one of war—it is peace—(applause.)
 Men have commenced in conflict, as the cre
 ation did in Chaos—(bravo') Whence do
 they proceed’ From wars—that is evident.
 But whither do they go 7 To peace—that is
 equally evident. When you enunciate those
 sublime truths, it is quite simple that your as
 sertion should be met by the negative;
 by incredulity; it is easy to understand that
 faith is encountered by incredulity, it is evi
 dent that at this period of trouble and dissen
 sion the idea of universal peace must surprise
 and shock, almost like something impossible,
 and only ideal; it is quite clear that all will
 talk of Utopias; but for me, who am but an
 obscure laborer in this great work of the 19th
 century, 1 accept this resistance without be
 ing astonished or dismayed. Is it possible
 that you can turn aside your head and shut
 your eyes, at if in bewildermeut, when in the
 midst of the darkness which as yet envelopes
 you—(bravo!) you suddenly open the door
 that let* in the light of the future 7 Gentle
 men, if four coniuries ago, at the period
 when war was made by one district against
 the other, between cities, and provinces—if,
 I say, some one had dared to predict to Lor
 raine, to Picardy, to Normandy, to Brittany,
 to Auvergne, to Provence, to Dauphiny, to
 Burgundy, A day shall come when you will
 no longer make wars—a day shall come when
 it will no longer be said that the Normans
 axe attacking the Prcardians, or that the peo
 ple of Lorraine are repulsing the Burgundians,
 you will still have many disputes to settle, in
 terealft to contend for, difficulties to resolve;
 but do you know' whom you will select in
 stead of armed men, instead of cavalry, and
 infantry, ol cannon,of falconets, lances, pikes,
 aworda 7 You will select, instead of all this
 destructive array, a small box of wood,
 which you will term the ballot-box, and from
 which shall issue—what 7 An assembly—an
 assembly in which you shall all live —an as
 sembly which shall be, as it were, the soul
 of all—a supreme and popular council which
 shall decide, judge, resolve everything—
 which shall make the sword lab from
 every hand, and excite the love of justice m
 every heart—whch shall say to each, ‘Here
 terminates your right, there commences your
 duty. Lay down your arms—(great ap
 plause,)—and in that day you will have one
 common thought, common interests, a com
 mon destiny; you will embrace each other as
 children ol the same blood, and recognise
 each other as of the same race: that day you
 shall not be hostile tribes,you will be a people;
 you will no longer lie merely Burgundy, Nor
 mandy, Brittany, Provence—you will be
 France —(bravo) —you will no longer make
 appeals to war—you w ill do so to civilization
 —(great applause);—if, at tho period 1
 apeak of, some one had uttered these words,
 all men of a serious and positive character, all
 prudent and cautious men, all the great poli
 ticians of the period, would have cued out,
 ‘what a dreamer' what a fantastic dream'
 How little this pretended prophet is acquain
 ted wuh the human heart! What ridiculous
 folly! What absurdity', Y et, gentlemen,
 time has gone on and on, and we find that
 this dream, this folly, this absurdity has been
 rsaliaed—(bravo!). And I insist upon this,
 that the rnau who would have dared to utter
 to sublime a prophecy would have been pro
 nOufoed a mad man for having dated toprv in
 to the design* of the Deity—(bravo'). Well,
 theft, you at this moment say-- and I say n
 with you,—we who are assembled here, say
 to France, to England, to Prussia, to Austria,
 to Spain, to Italy, to Russia,we say to them,
 ‘A day will come whoa from your hands al
 so tho arms they have grasped shall fall. A
 day will come when wax shall appear as im
 possible, and will be as impossible, between
 raris and Loudon, between Si. Petersburg!!
and Ber&amp;n, between Vienna and Turin, aa it
 is now between Rouen and Amiens, hetweoo
 Boston and Philadelphia,—(applause). A
 day will come when you, France—you, Rus
 sia—you. Italy—, you, England—you, Ger
 many—all of you, nations of the continent,
 shall without losing your distinctive quali
 ties and your glorious individuality, be blen
 ded mto a superior unity, and shall consti
 tute an European fraternity, just aa Norman
 dy. Britunv. Burgundy, Lorraine, Alaace.
 have been blended into France. A day will
 come when bullet* *nd shells shall be replaced
 by rotes, by the universal suffrage of nations,
 bv the venerable arbitration of a great Sorer-!
 cign Senate, which shall be to Europe what!
 tbe Parliament is to England, what the Diet
 is to Gerroany.what the legislative Assembly
 is to France—(applause). A day will come
 w hen a cannon shall be exhibited in public
 museums just as an instrument of torture is
 now—(applause)—and people shall be aston
 ished how such a thing could have been A
 day will come when those two immense groups j
 the United Stales of America and the United j
 States of Europe, shall be seen placed in
 presence of each other, extending the hand
 of fellowship across the ocean, exchanging!
 their produce, their commerce, their industry,;
 their arms, their genius, clearing the earth, j
 peopleing the deserts, meliorating creation,
 under the eyes of the Creator, and uniting,
 c,r the good of all, these two irresistible and!
 casary that four hundred years shall past;
 aw ay for that day to come. Wo live in a j
 rapid period, in the most impetuous current j
 of events and ideas which has ever borne
 awav humanity; and at the period in which,
 we live a year suffices to do the work of a
 century. But French, English, German*,
 Russians, Sclaves, Europeans, Americans,
 w hat have we to do in order to hasten the
 great dav 7 To love each otner—(applause.)
 To love each other is, in this immense labor 1
 of pacification, the best manner of aiding God.'
 God desires that this sublime object should be!
 accomplished. And to arrive at it you are
 yourselves witnesses of what the Deity does 1
 on all sides. See w hat discoveries arc every
 day issuing from human genius—discoveries
 which all tend to the «ame object—Peace';
 what immense progress' What simplifica
 tion* How Nature is allowing herself to be
 more and more subjugated by man' How
 she every day becomes still more the hand
 maid of intellect, and the auxiliary of civiliza
 tion' How the causes of war vanish with the
 causes of suffering! How people far separ
 ated from each other so lately, now almost
 touch! How distances become less; and this
 rapid approach, what is it but the commence
 ment of fraternity—(applause) 1 Thanks to
 railroads, Europe will soon be not of more ex
 tent than France in the Middle Ages.
 Thanks to steam-ships, we traverse the
 mighty ocean more easily than the Mediter
 ranean was formerly crossed. Before long men
 shall traverse the earth, as the gods of Homer
 did the sky, in three paces' But yet a little
 time, and the electric wireof concord shall
 encircle the globe and embrace the world—
 (great applause.)
 And here, gentlemen, when I contemplate
 this va9t amount of efforts and of events, all of
 them marked by the finger of God, —when I
 regard this sublime object, the well-being of
 mankind—peace,—when I reflect on all that
 Providence has done in favor of it, and human
 policy against it, a sad and bitter thought
 comes to my mind. It results from a com
 parison of statistical accounts that the nations
 of Europe expend each year for the mainten
 ance of armies a sum amounting to 2,000 mil
 lions of francs, and which, by adding the
 expense of maintaining establishments of war,
 amounts to 3,000 millions. Add to this the
 lost produce of the days of work for more
 than 2,000,000 of men—men the healthiest,
 the most vigorous, the youngest, the chosen
 of our population—a produce which you will
 not estimate at less than 1,000 millions, and
 vuu mm ot; convince*! uuu uie suniuing ar
 mies of Europe cost annually more than 4,000
 millions. Gentlemen, peace has now lasted
 thirty-two years, and yet in thirty-two years
 I the enormous sum of 128,000 millions has
 i been expended during that peace on account
 of war—(applause)! Suppose that the peo
 ple of Europe, in place of mistrusting each
 other, entertaining jealousy of each other,
 hating each other, had become last friends—
 suppose they said that before they were
 French,or German, they were men, and that
 if nations form countries, human kind forms a
 laraily and that enormous sum of 128,000
 millions, so madly and so vainly spent in con
 sequence of such mistrust, let it be spent in
 acts of mutual confidence—these 128,000
 millions that have been lavished on haired, let
 them be bestowed on love '—let them be
 given to peace, instead of war—(applause)—
 give them to labor, to intelligence, to indus
 try, to commerce, to navigation, to agricul
 ture, to science, to art; and then draw your
 conclusions. If, lor the last thirty-two years,
 j this enormous sum had been expended in this
 manner, America in the meantime aiding Eu
 rope, know you what would have happened 7
 The lace of the world would have been
 changed. Isthmuses would be cut through.
 Railroads would cover the two continents;
 the merchant-navy of the globe would have in
 creased a hundred-fold. There would be no
 j where barren plains, nor moors, nor marshes,
 j Cities would now be found where there are
 only deserts. Ports would be sunk where
 j there are now only rocks. Asia would be
 j rescued to civilization Africa would be res
 i cued to man abundance would gush forth on
 every side, from every vein of the earth at
 the touch of man, like the living stieam from
 the rock beneath the rod of Moses. Misery
 j would be no longer found and with misery
 what do you think would disappear 7 Revo
 lutions—(great applause). Yes, the face of
 the world would be changed In place of
 mutually destroying each other, men would
 pacifically extend themselves over the earth.
 In place of conspiring for revolution, men
 would combine to establish colonies In
 place of introducing barbarism into civiliza
 -1 tion, civilization would replace barbarism—
 (great applause). You see, gentlemen, in
 I what a state of blindness war has placed na
 tions and rulers. If the 128,000 millions giv
 en for the last thirty-two years by Europe to
 j the war which was not waged had been given
 to the peace w hich existed, wc positively de
 clare that nothing of what is now passing in
 Europe would have occurred. The continent,
 in place of being a battle field, would have
 become an universal workshop, and in place
 l of this sad and terrible spectacle of Piedmont
 I prostrated, of the Eternal City give.i up to the
 miserable oscillations of human policy, of
 Venice and noble Hungary struggling heroi
 cally, France uneasy, poor, and sombre, mis
 t cry, mourning, civil war, gloom in the future
 —in place, 1 say, of so bad a spectacle, we
 i should have betore our eyes hope, joy, be
 nevolence, the efforts of all towards the com
 mon good, and we should behold the mysteri
 ous ray of universal concoid issue forth from
 civilization—(great applause). And this
 fact is worthy of meditation —that revolutions
 have been owing to those very precautions a
 gainsi war. All has been done—all this ex
 jietuhture has been incurred, against an
 imaginary danger. Misery, which was the
 only real danger, has by these very means
 been augmented. VV# have beea fortifying
 ourselves against a chimerical peril; our eyes
 have been turned to all sides except to the
 one where the black spur was visible. We
 have beeri looking out for wars when there
 were none, and wo have not seen the revolu
 tions that were coming on. Yet, gentlemen,
 let us not despair. l*et us, on the contrary,
 hope more enthusK. tically than ever. I -et us
 not allow ourselves to be daunted by momen
 tary commotions—convulsions which peimd
 rentiirc are necessary for so mighty a produc
 tion. us not be unjust to the unae in
 w Inch wc live—let us not look upon it other
 wise than as it is. It in a prodigious and ad
 mirable epoch after all and the nineteenth
 century will be, I do not hesitate to aay, the
 greatest in the page of history. As 1 stated
 a few minutes since, all kinds of progress be
 come revealed and manifested almost simul
taneously, the one producing the other—U»
 cessation of international animosities, th
 effacing of frontiers on tbe map, and c
 prejudices from tbe heart— tbe tendency Is
 wards unity, tbe softening of the ‘manners
 the advancement of education, tbe diminutio
 of penalties, tbe domination of tbe mo*
 literary languages—all is at work at the sam
 time—political economy, science, industry
 philosophy, legislation and tend to the saro
 object—the creation of happiness and of good
 will, that is to say,—and for my own part, i
 is the object to which I shall always direc
 myself,—the extinction of misery at home
 and the extinction of war abroad—(great ap
 plauae). Yes, tbe period of revolutions ii
 drawing to a dose—that of amelioratioi
 commences. The education of people is n&lt;
 longer of the violentUtmd it is now aasnminf
 the peaceful kind. The time has come whet
 Providence is about to substitute for the die
 orderly action of the agitator the religious anc
 quiet energv of the pacificator. Hencefortl
 the object of all great and true policy shall be
 this, —to cause all nationalities to be recog
 nised, to restore the historic unity of people
 and enlist this unity in the cause of tbe civili
 zation of peace—to enlarge the sphere o!
 civilization, to set a good example to people
 who are still in a state of barbarism —to sub
 stitute the system of arbitration for that ol
 battles—and, in a word—and all is comprised
 in this, —to make justice pronounce the lasi
 u#ed to Pvonounce.by
 that mankind are on thia providential course.
 In our ancient Europe, England made the
 first step, and by her example before us now
 fur ages, she declared to the people, ‘You
 are free France look the second step, and
 announced to the people, ‘You are sover
 eigns" Let us now make the third step
 and all simultaneously, France, England
 Germany, Italy, Europe, America —let us
 proclaim to all nations, ‘You are brothers!
 The he nor able speaker resumed his seat a
 midst ihe most enthusiastic cheering.
 A list of rules which are to be observer
 during the session, one of which prohibit:
 "any direct allusion to the political eventi
 of tire day," were then unanimously agreec
 to.
 It was then proposed that the Archbishop
 of Paris should be appointed Honorary Presi
 dent of tho Congress, whieh was carrier
 unanimously.
 Several letters containing adhesions to th«
 Congress from various persons were ther
 lead.
 A discussion then arose as to whether tht
 lettei of the Archbishop of Paris should b&lt;
 read in English, and on its being decided on
 Mr. Cobden undertook its translation. Or
 introducing it to the meeting, he stated tha
 he was about to read the letter m o( the Arch
 bishop of “Canterbury," which excited con
 siderable hilarity.
 M. Yisschers, President of the Brussel
 Peace Society, and of the last Congress a
 Brussels, then addressed the meeting.
 The President then delivered the prizes t&lt;
 the successful candidates for the essays, ant
 announced that the Christian Moral Society o
 France now offered a prize of a gold meda
 of 509 francs to the author of the roost com
 plete collection of peace sentiments—extract
 not only from religious books of all sects, bu
 also of books of profane antiquity, and of tht
 works of tho most celebrated modern writer
 of all nations. The essays may be written it
 all languages, and must be deposited befort
 the Ist of April, 1850, in the hands of M
 Renzi, administrator of the Society of Chris
 tian Morals, Rue St. Guillaume.
 M. Bonnetier advocated the reference t&lt;
 arbitration by nations in lieu of an appeal t&lt;
 arm%.
 The Rev. John Burnett made an address, ii
 the course of which he said, “The large as
 sembly of to-day is a practical refutation o
 the slander that France and England ar&lt;
 natural enemies"—(immense applause).
 4 fmr n «dilrpc«oH ftnm nthe
 gentlemen present, the President put to thi
 i Congress the first resolution, which will b&lt;
 found in the subjoined programme, which wa
 adopted and the meeting was adjourned at i
 o’clock.
 Peace Congress, 1849.— Programme o
 Resolutions.
 "Recourse to arms being a usage condemn
 ed alike by religion, moiality, reason, ant
 humanity, it is the duty of all men to adop
 measures calculated to bring about the aboli
 tion of war and the following resolution!
 will be submitted to the friends of universa
 peace, assembled in Congress at Pari* on th&lt;
 22nd, 23d, 24th, and 25th, of Augu*t
 1849
 “1. As Peace alone can secure the mora
 j and material interests of nations, it is the dut*
 of all Governments to submit to arbitration al
 1 differences that arise between them, and ti
 respect the decisions of the arbitrators whon
 they may choose.
 "2. It is of the highest importance to cal
 the attention of Governments to the necesai
 ty of entering, by a general and simuitaneou
 i measure, upon a system of disarmament, fo
 I the purpose of reducing tbe national expendi
 ture, and of removing at the same time a per
 manent cause of disquietude and irritatioi
 from among the nations.
 "3 The Congress recommends all th
 friends of Peace to prepare public opinion ii
 their respective countties for the formation o
 a Congress of Nations whose sole object i
 should be to frame a code of internationa
 laws, on just principles, "and to constitute i
 Supreme Court, to which should besubmittei
 j all questions relating to the reciprocal right
 and duties of nations.
 "4. The Congress condemns all loans an&lt;
 taxes intended for the prosecution of ware o
 ambition and conquest.
 "5. The Congress recommends its mem
 bers to endeavor to eradicate from the mind:
 of all, in their respective countries, both b;
 means of a better education of youth, and b;
 other practical methods, those political preju
 dices and hereditary hatreds which have
 i often been the cause of disastrous ware.
 "6. The Congress addresses the same invi
 tation to all ministers of religion, whose sa
 cred mission it is to encourage feelings o
 good-will among men; as well as to the vari
 ous organs of the press, which exercise
 powerlul an influence over the progress o
 civilisation.
 “7. The Congress earnestly hope* for th&lt;
 1 improvement of the means of internationa
 i communication for the extension of posta
 reform; for the universal adoption of the sam&lt;
 standard of weights, measures, and coinage
 and for tbe multiplication of peace societies
 which shall keep up a correspondence wit!
 each other.
 “8. The Congress decides that the com
 mittee be instructed to draw up an address ti
 all nations embodying the resolutions of thi
 Congress, and that this address shall be pre
 sen ted to the various Governments, and iha
 special means be taken to bring it under th&lt;
 attention of the President of the French Re
 public.”
 The Free Democracy. —The Worcest*
 Citizen gives a report of the proceedings of i
 Convention ol the Free Democracy held ii
 Worcester, on Wednesday, 12th inst
 “Charles Sumner, Esq., of Boston," aayi
 the Citizen "briefly addressed the audience,
 in that graceful eloquence for which he is re
 Downed. Mr. Sumner also read an addresi
 to tbe people of the State, which showet
 the blighting effects of slavery not only upon
 the slaves themselves, but also upon theii
 masters, upon the States, upon the nation an&lt;
 the world."
 Among the resolutions adopted at thi*
 Convention were the following
 Resolved, That Liberty is the equal birth
 right of all mankind, without distinction ol
 color or rsce.
 Resolved, That we repeat the language ol
 Daniel Webster, at Plymouth in 1820 "Jj
 any practices exist contrary to tbe principle
of justice sod homey- within the resehof
 our laws or oor mflDce, we are INEXtI
 SABLE, if we dot exert ourselves to res
 train and abolish wm; that recognizing
 Slavary as such a aetiee* **l! °P?° tb&lt;?
 people everywhere restrain aod abolish it.
 Resolved, That is our special duty to
 call upon tbe Ferel Government to use,
 without delay, all constitutional powers for
 Ibis purpose— -am&lt;z which is the power t*
 abolish Slavery id* District of Colombia,
 in American vesae on tbe high seas, »n our
 national territories nd in all places under the
 exclusive juriwTicUi of Congress; to the end
 that this Governmft may be divorced I roro
 all support or ssncSn of this wrong, and we
 may be absolved frn all responsibility there
 fore.
 Resolved, Tha*e are admonished by the
 recent efforts of’laveholders to introduce
 Slavery under th nationnl flag into New
 Mexico and Calififia, and by tho wellknown
 facts that Slaves large numbers have al
 ready been earrieto one nr both of these
 territories, to urgCipon Congress the imper
 ative necessity of 'roistering these territories
 against Slavery,-nd of refusing to receive
 them at any tiraiinto the Union, except as
 Free States.
 Resolved, Tht no more Slave States
 should be admittd into tho Union.
 Resolved, Tht in determining what na
 tive-born pei/ wa we citizens, and to whom
 States know r o distinction of color; and any
 auch diacrim nation by the Federal Govern
 ment is unaucionzed and unjust.
 Resolved, That the Post Office every
 where throughout the country, like the
 Press, muit be free from censorship, and that
 all efforts to in.erfere with the freedom of
 either, should meet with the indignant con
 demnation of tb» Federal Government.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 21, 1849.
Leter from the Editor’
 I am now in Oswego, a handsome young
 city on the banks of Lake Ontario, and at
 the mouth )f the river from which it derives
 its name, is finely located for trade and
 manufacturing purposes. The w hole place
 wears an ictive business like appearance.
 There is a plank road all tha w ay from here
 to Rome, a distance of sixty miles, and a;
 Railroad aid Canal to Syracuse. These
 great thoroughfares give Oswego great
 and it will doubtless one day be
 come a laige and influential city. The pop
 ulation of the place is now twelve thousand,
 and from present indication of prosperity, it
 it will dotble that number in the space of ten
 years. Like most of the young cities of the
 west it'is largely stocked with newspapers, of
 which there are four—one daily, and three
 weeklies. Churches and ministers abound
 here, and if the people are not what they
 ought to be, it results from no lack of these.
 There appears to be as much competition
 among the ministers, as among the mill own
 ers of the place every one wants to bring
 grift to his own mill. Such is life. Method
 ists, Baptists, Presbyterians,and Roman Catho
 lics are all struggling for the mastery in sav
 ing souls of men but neither Presbyterians,
 Baptists, Methodists nor Roman Catholics seem
 to have any special care for the bodies of
 men. The soul is all important with them,
 •they are anxious 10 save men iroiu nut ii C
 after, but care nothing about saving men from
 hell here on the earth. Among these soul
 loving Christians, the slave stands no chance.
 The Antislavery advocate is refused admis
 sion into the Churches, and the Ministers,
 elders and Deacons, like the priests and
 Levitts of old, pass by on the other side; and
 as in the days of Christ it is only the common
 people who hear the truth gladly. When
 my friends in this place heard of my intention
 to visit them, they made an effort 10 obtain the
 use of one of these houses of worship for me
 to lecture in, but it was refused on the ground
 that I would speak against the churches. My
 meetings here have been held in the Market
 Hall, and despite of the pro-slavery influence
 of the Church and the Clergy, I have had
 crowded meetings, and have been greatly
 cheered by the kind and respectful manner
 with which ray addresses have been received
 by the public. The meeting last evening
 was thronged. Many were cpmpelled to stand
 during the evening, remaining till the last,
 although may lecture occupied three hours.
 At the close of the meeting six subscribers
 were •btained to the North Star, and sixteen
 copies of ray Narrative were sold. 1 am in
 formed that many present heard the snbject
 of slavery discussed on this occasion for the
 first time.
 Soon after my arrival hero on Thuisday,
 Henry Clay passed through on his return
 trip westward. I caught a glimpse of him
 as he passed. He sat in a barouche drawn
 by two black horses covered with white nets,
 and was followed by an admiring crowd.
 There was no black servant by his side. His
 attitude in the carriage was erect and proud,
 disputing the sway of old king Time.” His
 face was red, but wrinkled, and careworn.
 I did not follow him. I found myself facing
 the crowd as who were all rushing the
 other way, all anxious to touch
 the hem of the slaveholder's garment, and to
 obtain a smile from the great compromiser.
 Poor man what will ail this applause and
 adulation avail him at the bar of God T Of
 what consequttoce will it be to him when the
 tears of sundered families, and the scarred
 hacks and broken hearts of his plundered
 victims, shall confront him at the judgment
 seat 1 As I looked upon him I felt differently
 from what I expected I should do on seeing a
 man who had done so much to injare my poor
 despised people. My emotions were those of
 deep sorrow that one so gifted, now on the
 verge of another world, should have made so
 bad use of his talents. But the time is past,
 the hour is gone, the sand has nearly run out;
 lamentation is vain. He, with all others like
 him, are in the hands of a Power beyond and
 above him, and eternal Justice must and will
 be vindicated.
 There are in this city about one hundred
 colored persons.
 My visit baa afforded me a good opportuni
 ty of meeting with my suffering people. As
 a mark of their esteem, and regard, they,
 made a collation at the house of Mr. Gray,
 where ail were invited to meet me and have a
 friendly interview. They manifested much
 interest in the subject of the proposed **.Ve
 tional league,” and I have do doubt that a
 branch of the League will be formed in this
 plaee. Among those who are most active
 and interested in the cause of elevation and
 improvement are Messrs. Grsy, Grant, and
 Dickens, all active^business men, and do bon
or to the character of oar pro*cnbed and in
 jured people. I go fiora this place to “Ful
 ton trille," thence to “Bed Creek,” thence
 to Paltnevrille, and I on to my
 appointment* as already announced.
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 Oswego, 15th Sep. 1&amp;49.
(olorphobin uw»| the Sob*.
 We bare sometime* been in doubt as to
 the precise object of the Sons of Temperance.
 We hate supposed it to be the benevolent ooe
 of promoting temperance in the community,
 without inquiring whether those whom it ben
 efitted were white or black—tail or short.—
 We have the small consolation of knowing
 now, as we did not before know, that we have
 been considerably mistaken. This may be
 one object; but it certainly is not the only aim
 of these secret societies. There is another
 purpose which they also answer; that is,
 the building up of caste and prejudice. Here
 at least, it might have been expected, where
 the ostensible object is a purely benevolent
 I one, and no theological mist can possibly be
 brought to hear upon it, the colored man
 would be admitted on equal terms. Is not
 drunkenness as immoral in a colored, as it is
 in a wmiv t« nt disgusting l la
 it not to himself fraught with as ruinous con
 sequences Why, then, shut him out from
 the much-talked of benefjta said to be afforded
 by these societies, of mutual counsel, en*
 couragement and countenance 1 It is a fact,
 and we are grieved to be compelled to the
 conclusion that the assertion is most true, that
 Sons of Temperance Lodges are the very
 spawn of slavery.” After this, we shall not
 be surprised to find that the hellish spirit of
 American hate towards the colored man,
 would, if possible, shut him out from heaven
 itself, and condemn him to everlasting perdi
 tion even the perdition of the orthodox,
 rather than that he should share an eternity
 of happiness in company with white men.—
 Organized societies, political, scientific and
 religious, in this land, do all they decently
 can to effect this object. The doors of all are
 as religiously barred against him, as if he bore
 about with him an infectious leprosy. He
 i cannot, with few exceptions, as an equal
 man, enter the door of any of our large
 churches, but must be stowed away like so
 much lumber, in some far-distant loft in the
 ceiling. He cannot at all, either as equal or
 unequal, become a member of a literary so
 ciety of white persons; and there is now pre
 sented an illustration of the all-pervading
 spirit of proscription in Temperance Lodges.
 No matter what may be the color of their skin,
 whether black, or white, or brown—we main
 tain that men who can rise superior to such
 degrading and demoralizing treatment, have
 in their composition a large proportion of the
 material of which heroes are made. There
 are few white men who could go through this
 ordeal, and come out unscathed. The treat
 ment of the free colored people in the North
 ern States, is only equalled in disgraceful and
 disgusting atrocity by the odious slave system
 of the South. The one is the natural off
 spring of the other. It may be useful to re
 mind Northern men that they have something
 more to do than to shout, No more slave
 Oiatoo," owutciliiiig more, oven, than to nhout
 No more slavery.” After both of these
 objects are secured, they have a task to ac
 complish nearer home. They have to take
 the spirit of slavery out of their own hearts,
 and learn to acknowledge really not in
 words only, but in deed and in practice, that
 the colored man is a man. All the silly ha
 berdash that can bo strung together about
 man’s equality, is jnst so much idle wind, un-
 I til they accomplish this. It will then mean
 something, until then—nothing.
 We do not intend, from these remarks, to
 be understood to favor the destruction of all
 order in society. Far from it. We know
 full well, that so long as there are intelligent
 and uninformed men in society—so long as
 there are educated and illiterate men—so long
 as there are men of low and men of refined
 tastes—so long as there are sensuous men and
 men of high intellect and morality, there must
 be orders in society. These very differences
 of mental progress of themselves, without
 any of the supeiadded circumstances of
 wealth, make these orders. The sensuous
 man, though he inay have the wealth of
 Croesus, is not at home in the company of the
 refined and intellectual His proper place is
 amongst the low loafers, whose tastes and
 inclinations are similar to his own. What we
 desire, and what all men desire, who are
 really actuated by the true spirit of democ
 racy, is that those orders in society should be
 abolished not by mixing up uncongenial
 elements, but by elevating the brutal, ignor
 ant and sensuous to the level of the re
 fined, educated and virtuous. One means of
 doing this is, to put within the reach of all
 the means ot moral and intellectual improve
 ment. If the colored man is a little more de
 ficient than his white neighbor, that seems to
 us to ho only an additional reason why lus
 requirements should be attended to with more
 carefulness and assiduity, and he of all others
 should be invited and encouraged to constant
 and persevering effort after self improvement.
 The very reverse of this is the case. He is as
 far a? possible shut out of the schools, and then
 abused for his ignorance. He is neglected,
 and allowed to grow up destitute of all moral
 training, and taunted with his vice. The first
 wrong is made the excuse for the second; and
 both of them clearly lie at the doors of the
 respectable and the professedly religious in
 this land. A change must be effected here,
 before any great improvement can take place
 in the organization of society. Will our so
 cial reformers take this matter into their seri
 ous consideration. This is oue of the ele
 ments in social life which they are too apt to
 lose sight of.
 We have been led to reflect on this subject
 by reading in a recent number of the Impar
 tial Citizen, the correspondence between Rev.
 S. R. Ward and Mr. Pinkerton, of Dundee,
 m reference to the proceedings of the Sons
 of Temperance in Mr. Ward’s own case.—
 From this correspondence, it is abundantly
 .evident that Temperance Lodges do not admit
 colored men. Mr. Ward is well known to be
 an intelligent and polished gentleman, and
 even if admitted, his admission might not
 have been considered a concluaive argument
 in favor of the liberality and absence of pre
 judice prevailing amongst tbe Sons. But as
 if to make assurance doubly sure, and seal
 their disgrace beyond the possibility of mis*
 take, he was first admitted, and then expelled
 The proceee "C will give in hta own words
Our Division sent oat a committee to in i
 quit* whether it were contrary to rule to ad
 mit black members. The committee repotted
 that a resolution again *t the admission otj
 blacks had been passed bv tbe Grand Division
 Upon this, we dissolved, and threw up our
 charter, for we were most of us believers in
 the Bible. i
 Note particularly a few facts
 1- Mi. Deputy Land advised my expulsion.!
 2. Special Deputy Cadv advised it in behalt
 of the Grand Division.
 3. The District Deputy who initiated,
 me, was censured and remojed tor ini
 tiating me
 4. The Grand Division approved of and'
 endorsed this removal of the District De-j
 puty.
 Capt. Cady paid the highest compliments to j
 my character, and reported distinctly to the
 Grand Division that niy complexion was the
 sole objection against me. In reporting to the
 Grand Division against the District Deputy. 1
 he uses the following words, “having actually
 initiated a colored man.”
 The Grand Division. I repeat, endorsed the
 whole of thw report, as you will see tn then
 proceedings
 One tact more. The Grand Division will'
 not allow black men charfcts to form subor- 1
 dinate Divisions under them. That was tried
 in New York, and they refused. Hie black
 Divisions are all independent of the G. D.,
 having received their charters from the Calc
 donia Division, a Division of Scotchmen.’’
 After this, who will dare deny to the
 LoflgCS OI UIC »;uu j xrt T-.-.j. »U/&gt; ht
 to arrogate to themselvea the title of benkvo
 .LENT AND PHILANTHROPIC SOCIETIES 7 The
 pass-woid, it seems, is not enough to admit a
 man to their meetings. They also require
 that his skin should be of a particular color.
 W e have heard individual members of socie
 ties assert that their Lodge would admit
 colored men. They dare not do it. Their
 charter would be taken from them, and their
 Lodge dissolved, if they persisted in treating
 their colored brother as a man. We pity those
 respectable men who have got into the meshes
 of such an inquisitorial and tyrannical despot
 ism. For ourseives, we might be well content
 to be forever excluded from such societies.—
 jWe do not pietend to have any strong par
 tiality for gew-gaws, ribbons and child's play.
 There are many, however, who attach a high
 value to these things. To such it must be
 some deprivation to be shut out from them.—
 The attempt to prove them mischievous, or
 even useless, would perhaps cost more than
 it comes to; so we will not try to disturb the
 complacency of those who have a high opinion
 of temperance lodges but let them not pre
 tend to be benevolent societies, for the reclaim
 ing of the drunkard and the debased, while
 they pass by that class who, the Sons them
 selves being judges, stand the most in need of
 their aid and encouragement.— j. i&gt;.
Address
 To the Anti-Slavery Ladies of Hi eat Britain ami
 Ireland from tiro Kniflish friends.
 i
 Through the medium of the columns of
 the North Star, we earnestly desire to
 solicit your aid and co-operation in the good
 Anti-Slavery cause; and we would plead
 with you more especially for assistance, on
 behalf of the Western New York Anti Sla
 very Society.
 One of the objects of this Society is to
 help to sustain the North Star newspaper,
 which is, we believe, one of the best Anti-
 Slavery instrumentalities now in operation.
 The Annual Anti-Slavery Fair will be
 held at Rochester towaids the close of the
 year; and a series of Anti-Slavery Fairs are,
 now being held in the towns and villages of
 Western New York; consequently then* is
 an unusual demand for useful and fancy arti-'
 cles. We earnestly entreat our British!
 friends to send us renewed help in the way
 of contributions.
 To our London friends, aud to those living
 ,n Birmingham, Coventry, Leeds, i
 Sunderland and Bristol, we would suggest
 that they forward their contributions, by the j
 third week in October, to Miss Carpenter, of,
 Bristol, who has this year kindlv consented
 to forward the London box.
 To the friends iri Carlisle and Manchester,
 who sent boxes to Rochester last year, we
 renew our appeal, hoping and believing that'
 they will continue to give ua their aid and;
 we trust that the Friends in Newcastle-on- 1
 Tyne, Northampton, Colebrookdale, Edin
 burgh, Belfast, and Cork, who then joined
 them in this good work, will testify, on the
 present occasion, that they are not weary in
 well-doing.”
 JULIA ELIZA GRIFFITHS.
Fairs! Fairs! Fairs!
 The Ladies and Friends of the Western
 j ew oik Anti-Slavery Society intend to
 hold a i air at Mount Morris, on Friday, the
 01st of December, at which a large assort
 ment of elegant and useful articles will be
 presented, the majority of which were made
 in England, Ireland, and Scotland The
 friends of the slave are urgently invited to
 [attend.
 f
 j There will be a Refreshment Table, lor
 which contribution* are earnestly requested,
 fakes, Pies, Fruit, Collee, Tea, Sugar, &amp;c.
 will be most acceptable gifts.
 Frederick Douglass will hold an Anti
 j Slavery meeting at Mount Morris on Thurs
 day evening, the 20th of September.
 f There will also lie an Anti-Slavery Fair
 held at Scottsvdle, on Tuesday, Sept. 25,
 [which will bo preceded by a meeting on
 Monday evening, Sept. 24.
 An Anti-Slavery Fair will likewise be
 held at Honeoye Falls, on Friday the 2fcth
 September, which will be preceded by a
 meeting on the evening of the 27th inst.
 The meetings will commence at 7 o’clock.
 The energetic co-operation of the Anti-
 Slavery friends m these towns is earnestly
 solicited.
 Love and Politics. According to the;
 correspondent of the Daily News, the artairs j
 of the 1, niled States, in Chili, have been
 somewhat complicated by a curious circum-i
 stance in the private history el Colonel Bar-}
 ton, the American minister to hili. It ap-1
 pears, that gentlemen fell in love with a lady i
 who was a member of the Roman Catholic j
 Church; the archbishop refused to sanction
 their marriage, because the minister would
 not renounce the Protestant faith. The lady
 consented to be married by the American
 chaplain of the flagship. "The archbishop
 immediately addressed Mr*. Barton a letter,
 charging her with becoming the concubine of
 a dissolute foreigner, threatening her with
 the anathemas of the Church, Ac. Colonel
 Barton then appealed to the Minister of For
 eign AfFatis for the protection of the govern-j
 merit, but was informed that it could not be
 granted, because the archbishop was a roem-f
 ber of the government. He then immediately
 struck bta dag, and has retired from «he coun
 try, leaving the difficulty to be settled here
 after as it may. Thus we see that still——
 “Love ntW&lt; the cow*, «hs c*u»p, th« grove,
 tt
Dfnocralic ('■ion.
 As has been long expected by every or*
 who thought at all about the matter, the
 sections of tbo l&gt;emocratic party hare seen fit
 to unite It has been long evident that the
 Free Soilcrs, the other political orgao.ra
 uons of the dav, were oound together eolely bv
 the tic of self-interest, and the expecut.on nt
 political prefeiment. What each party cal:*
 ii# “principles.” is merelv a sort of Shiboleth,
 serving to distinguish the Whig from the
 Democrat—the Free Soiler irombou.. There
 are some units in all parties w ho are doubt;#**
 atuai’tcd by puris impulses, and hire no eec
 ondarv motive to subserve by the prevail ne
 of the organization to which they hare Unk
 ed themselves. hut, without their knowing
 it, their political creed has become eo unbed
 ded into their very being, and the? hare be
 come so entangled in the racVhe* o{ in
 fluence, that they will not, and dare not,
 they will, presume to question the propriety
 of the doings, oi the truth ot the
 they have adopted. The few
 mm who occasionally get mixed up with
 lineal organizations are and must be ill at en*
 in their position Like those of the cripple,
 their motions are halting and irregu v hec
 they would go forward tinder the guidance of
 their better impulses, they find themself*
 '""peded and dragged back again by l&amp;*
 rotten carcase ot their political necessities
 One dav, you may imagine respecting on*
 such politician, that he has broken loose,
 is resolved to go forward in the strength of t
 higher truth, even if he should have to go
 alone. The next day, when he hears in*
 more calculating and less impulsive taeocc
 ates uttering on all hands their remonstrance#
 you aru rash” “inconsiderate'' “will
 you desert the party and hpars their plau
 sible sophisms about the loss of influence,
 and the ineffectiveness of divided eflbtt, the
 bold innovator is fain to fall back again
 amongst the ranks of his friends, or even to
 sneak behind them, for protection from ths
 shame ol retreat. Political parties advance,
 it is true, but they advance in a body. When
 one goes outot the beaten path, and resolves
 to think for himself, and if possible carry the
 mass along with h*sn, he must either lie re
 jected by those with whom he has been iden
 tified, as a rash and heedless projector, or a#
 sometimes —perhaps once in a century happen#
 —his idea will be adopted and carried ontbv b&lt;
 party. If the former of these alternatives bt
 falls him, if he be a man of strong principle
 as well as generous impulse, he forthwith
 finds his position as a politican untenable, and
 retires from the conflict, disheartened and
 disgusted. If the latter alternative—hi#
 i
 praises are. forthwith heard in everv mouth,
 and he becomes the leader —the great man ut
 the party. In the one caso, he is the rebel,
 in the other the hero of political life. This
 is the chief difficulty in the way of the onward
 progress of political organization#. Success
 is the health of their existence. The fear or
 the anticipation of failme makes failure cer
 tain. The voter who places his confidence on
 his political power and political action, very
 speedily gets discouraged at the prospect of
 using that power, and bringing to beat that
 action, without their producing, so far as he
 can discern, any tangible effect; aod he fa))#
 back upon sotne more crowded platform, con
 doling himself with the assurance that he u
 at least doing something, and if he is not
 getting all that he wants, he is getting a pirt,
 and half a loaf is better than no bread.”|
 Men must take higher ground than that W
 any political organization whatever, it they
 would act consistently and act honestly. W*
 have thought that there were discernible
 among the Free Soilers some symptoms of s
 desire at least, if not a determination to stand
 upon principle, let the result be what it would
 But the evident incornpetency oi their number#
 for the securing ot political power to carry
 out their measures, taking the highest motive
 ol action which politicans advance, and lear
 ing out ol the question the lower one of so
 curing the loavss of office, has had its effect
 among them T hey have in several Stitei,
 lost their first love, been discouraged, rad
 laid themselves gently down on ths soft bosom
 of Democracy, This is the alma mattr «t
 their hopes, from hence a/one can they de
 rive the sustenance necessary tot lb sit poliU*
 cal existence.
 It is only a few weeks since John Vin
 Buren declared at Cleveland, that the “great
 Democratic party was Jesolved." Sull later,
 at the Rome Convention, he said, that he
 “would henceforth hold the Democrats as
 much his political opponent* as the Whigs
 I Where is he now, and that party of whom
 nc is the leader* The following resolution
 1 passed in the ratification Mass meeting it
 .Syracuse the other day, supplies the answer.
 Some of our too good-natured and credulous
 friends have been anxious to believe that Prince
 John and his associates would at least hold
 fast by the Wilmot Proviso. They did no*
 much; but even those very limited
 hopes have been disappointed.
 Resolved, T hat Congress baa the constitu
 tional power over slavery in the District oi
 Columbia, and has no power over the subject
 in the States That it possesses, in the opo
 10a of this Convention, full power oyer *b*
 subject in the territories ol the l s
 should exert that power on ill t rcMlo f a
 of attempts to establish it there, but, as t e
 constitutional power is questioned, we art
 willing to tolerate the free exercise ,J moiv.
 dual opinion upon the &lt;~n among men
 hers of the democratic latmly, who ate wi -e
 to rally under one standard, and sepport
 ticket nominated by the action oi
 Syracuse arid Ctica Conventions.
 This, of course, coupled with ihe D 4
 ledge of the way in which the old ifeewe**-*
 party have always been in the habit «f shin
 ing the question of human rights, u ,der cor* 4
 of just such resolutions, is simply giving
 the whole ground and the Free Soiiers l
 New York State those of them at who
 adhere to the ticket, may henceforth be con
 sidered as forming part and parcel oi the
 corrupt mass of Jlunkemm, ready at all
 limes, to sacrifice the right* lh lf free
 men for emolument and office. The Cleveland
 True Democrat »aya, and this exhibition ut
 political frailty gives pointjoit* remarks—
 Name, if you can, reader, the leader* »r
 Statesmen of any nation who have naked
 popularity or place for Right. Mention,
 you are able, a large party, m ali polmw
 history,that ha# forgottenauccees, atm tro*d#y&gt;
 under-foot the very thought of ape,;*,, a*
 labored earnestly, fearlessly, fox man They
 have yielded, only, when they could uvt beV
 yidding They have ju#ti'«, *h*
 justice could be n/j longer denied Whater* 4
 they have they have been fi&gt;r*du&gt; dj
 b* Vue direct outetde pressure of «h« if ooll 46
 true, or in ftoUcipuea of what
"
