"Poetrs.
For the North Star.
 A SCENE ON LAKE ERIE
 A/y, 18*.
 The take «nu caho, *nd o’er iu brea*t,
 la cramp*! beauty played
 Vafue fiittiaf flfwe* uly drewd,
 la oingtiof nun an&lt;i etude:
 The rcene to rich aa.i grand did arena,
 I ahaoet fancied ’twaa a draata.
 And an the Arrow awift did glide,
 I anxil earaptured gated
 On thy, on aea, and all beat tie.
 For all in beauty blazed,
 Aad lifted up ay heart to His
 Wboee aau hleaa ekitl created toe«
 Aad when by twilight were diapelled
 The fading buea of eren,
 The moon and atari together held
 Their coocart tweet ia Hearer,
 And all baneatb their radiance united,
 Ac tlwugb their influence had beguiled
 Alae that man raid ncenea like thia,
 Dtecordant aounda ahouid hear.
 Preferring to eweet ayapboniea
 The wailinga of despair,
 Or by hi* own deceit and wrong,
 A brother'# grief and woe prolong-
 Cosrerting thia fair Eden ground
 Into a field of at rife,
 That scarcely now a spot i* found.
 Where blooms the tree of life,
 And scarce one ray of lore ia giren
 To point the weary aoul to Hearen.
 M. M. W.
 Arrow is the name of the steamer, plying
 between Sandusky aad Detroit, on board of which
 the writer sailed.
 The following lines were addressed by a Lady to
 her absent husband:
 THY SPIRIT’S INFLUENCE.
 Thy spirit, it hath power to chase
 From o’er my brow each tiace of sorrow,
 And though the present,dai k may seem,
 It stealeth o’er me like a dream.
 And from the future’s unknown space,
 Bright rainbow hues doth borrow,
 To light my way, and from abore
 Soft accents stealing, whispeis love
 If round thy nightly couch of rest,
 Dark, gloomy visions hover near,
 Of foul ileceit, or wrong, or pain,
 Thy spirit’s breathings bring again
 A calm contentment to my breast,
 And sweetest muaic to mine ear;
 And every duty pleasure seems.
 When thou art sovereign of my dreams.
 Though care, with all her sister train
 Of toil, and pain, and anguish,
 May hover round my path awhile,
 And from my lips dispel the smile,
 The thought of thee brings joy again,
 And bids me not to languish;
 And then thy spirit, tike a spell,
 Whispers unto me: Peace be still!”
 M. M. W.
 Zanksfjeld, Ohio, July, 1849,
 THE SLAVE SINGING AT MIDNIGHT.
 »T HENRT W. LONGFELLOW.
 Loud lie sang toe psalm of David'
 He, a Negro and enslaved,
 Sang of Israel’s victory,
 Sang of Zion, bright and free.
 Songs of frinmph and ascriptions,
 Such as reached the swart Egyptians,
 W hen upon the Red Sea coast
 Perished Pharaoh and his host.
 And the voice of his devotion
 Filled my soul with strange emotion;
 For its tone* by turns weie g&lt;ad,
 Sweetly so'emn, wildly sad.
 Paul and ?*ilas, in their prison,
 Sang of Christ the Lord arisen,
 And an earthquake’s arm of might
 Broke their dungeon-gates at night
 But, alas! what holy angel
 Brings the slave this glad evangel?
 And what earthquake’s arm of might
 Breaks his du tgeon gates at night?
 From the Anti-Slavery Standard.
 KOSSUTH.
 BT J. R. LOWELL.
 A race of nobles may die out,
 A royal line may leave no beir;
 Wise Nature set* no guard* about
 Her pewter plate and wooden ware.
 But tliey fail not, the kindlier breed,
 Who atairy diadem* attain;
 1 o dungeon, ax, and stake succeed—
 Heirs of the old heroic strain.
 The zeal of Nature never cools,
 Nor is she thwarted of her end*;
 When gapped and dulled her cheaper tool*,
 Then she a saint and prophet spends.
 Land of the Magyars! though it tie
 The tyrant may relink his chain,
 Already thine the victory,
 A* the just future measures gain.
 Thou bast succeeded! thou hast von
 The deathly travail’s amplest worth;
 A nation’s duty thou hast done,
 Giving a hero to our earth.
 And he, let come what will of wo,
 Has saved the land he strove to rave;
 No Cossack hordes, no traitor’s blow,
 Can quench the voice shall haunt his grave.
 1 Kossuth am: O, Future! thou
 That clear’st the just and blott’st the vile,
 O’er this small dust in reverence bow,
 Retnemhering what I was crewhile.
 I was the chosen trump wherethrough
 Our God sent forth awakening breath;
 Came chains? came death? the strain lie blew
 Sounds on, outliving chains and death!”
 THF. TRUE ARISTOCRATS
 ur c. V. STEWaRT.
 Who are the nobles of the earth,
 The true aristocrats,
 Who need not bow their heads to Lords,
 Nor doff to King* tlwir hats?
 Who are they, but the men of toil,
 The mighty and &lt;be free,
 Whose hearts and hands *ul.due the earth,
 And compass all the sea*
 Who are they, but the Men of Toil,
 Who cleave the forests down,
 And plant amid the wilderness
 The hamlet and the town?
 Who Gght the battles, be ir the scars.
 And give the wo-td crow u
 Of name, and fame, and history,
 And pomp of old renown?
 These cltim no gaud of heraldry.
 Awl #c*r.. ar knighting rod.
 Their coats of «rtas are noble deed*
 Their peerage is f r .,m God*
 i hey take not tr.au ancestral glares
 The (lory of their oam«,
 But win, as rrst their fathers woo.
 *1 be bore! wreath of Fame
 MAGNANIMITY.
 Thy conquered toe do cot .iespl&gt;e,
 lot treat him nobly white you sea,
 la every u*ae knm marrow hee
 ls every jacket there's a aaa
6 elections.
ADELA.
 I happened to be reaiding ml Naples
 during the reaction and proscriptions
 which succeeded the return of Ferdi
 nand after the revolutionary crisis of
 1799. Many of the victims were de
 nounced by the priests as much for
 their suspected heresy as for their trea- j
 •onable practice. Father Don Alvez
 was particularly active in this "pious
 work." He was a younger member of
 a Castilian house, aod had been bred
 in the strictest discipline of the Jesuits.
 He had spent his life in penances and
 intrigues, the former, I presume, to
 give him a keener relish for the latter,
 and the latter to compensate for the
 tedium of the former. At the time 1
 knew him, he was past the middle age,
 his features were already wrinkled with
 years, but were marked by that haughty
 and cruel expression so apt to be pro
 duced by the indulgence of arbitrary
 power- He had come to Naples with
 high recommendations to the court, to
 assist in purging the city of the disaf
 fected. His diligence in this pursuit
 was truly beyond parallel. 1 am yet
 unable to conceive by what process he
 became so minutely conversant with
 the previous history of such an im
 mense number of persons in so short a
 time. His information was never at
 fault, and his measures very rarely j
 thwarted by miscalculation either in
 design or e ecution. As soon as he
 had made himself masterof a suspected
 person, he did not at once act upon his
 evidence to bring about an instant in
 fliction of punishment, but used to give
 the prisoner the benefit of a dogmatical
 exposition of what he called “the sal
 vation of the holy church.” If this had
 the desired effect, after a little longer
 confinement, the captive was liberated
 on his good behavior. But if the here
 tic persevered in his rejection of the
 prescribed process, he was forthwith
 I handed over to the headsman.
 The society in which I moved made
 me acquainted with Father Don Alvez.
 I was then young and fond of adven
 ture, and very naturally conceived a
 strong desire of visiting with him some
 of the unfortunates w..om the police
 were constantly arresting by his orders.
 By practising some courteous assidui
 ties, as well as a little flattery, I ingra
 tiated myself with him, and obtained
 permission to accompany him on his
 dismal visits to the prison.
 After visiting one or two cells, in
 which we found inmates quite willing
 to believe any thing and every thing
 which my guide thought proper to pro
 pound, we entered a narrow, dismal
 hole, surrounded by walls down which
 the damp trickled almost ia a stream,
 and with the floor composed of granite
 of uneven surface and sharp edges.—
 The torch carried by our attendant dis
 covered a bundle of straw in the corner
 farthest from the door, aud resting
 upon it a young girl. Don Alvez mo
 tioned to the jailor to withdraw. The
 creaking of the hinges disturbed i he
 prisoner. She started from her recum
 bent posture, but her eyes had been
 too long accustomed to darknes to en
 dure the glare of the torchlight. She
 arranged her disordered hair and cloth
 ing as fast and as completely as she
 could, and when at length she ventured
 to scrutinise her visitors, 1 marked the
 deep crimson that suffused her face
 and bosom.
 I had been accustomed to behold the
 exceeding beauty of the women of
 Spain aud Italy, but when I saw this
 unfortunate captive, I felt at once that
 I had never met with any one whose
 loveliness was so perfect. When I say
 that she was a Greek, and bore in
 every lineament the impress of her
 clime and nation, I need not attempt a
 description.
 Don Alvez told me, previous to en
 tering the cell, that it contained a
 heretic who had been some time under
 confinement, and appeared resolved to
 reject every chance of "salvation.”—
 "This,” he added, "is the last oppor
 tunity of repentance I shall give her.”
 These words still echoed in my ear 9
 as I contemplated the stern front of the
 Jesuit and the pensive innocence of the
 Greek maiden.
 "Perverse child!” commenced Don
 Alvez; "I have come once more to
 offer thee liberty, and the favor of the
 Virgin, if thou wilt embrace the holy
 faith.”
 Adela (so the jailer had whispered
 ine she was called) had now sat down
 on her coarse bed, and, with her hands
 folded on her bosom, seemed prepared
 for any calamity which might await her.
 She returned no answer to the priest’s
 observation.
 What!” continued he; "dost thou
 treat with contempt the servant of the
 church? Mark me, perverse infidel!
 Thy fate is in thy own hands. Thy
 death, I swear by all the blessed saints,
 shall be the penalty, if thou persistest
 in thy unbelief; but if thou wilt listen
 to the truth, not a hair on thy head
 shall be injured. How sayest thou?
 Caust thou endure death? or wilt thou
 liver”
 I am heedless of my fate,” replied
 Adela, in a tone of melancholy, which
 pierced my heart. Still not heed
 less,” she added with animation, "so
 long as I know not the fate of Conrade.
 Tell m®, piicst, I conjure thee, is he in
 thy power?”
 Why is the fate of that young man
 so dear to thee,” replied Don Alvez,
 "that it is preferred to thine own sal
 vation?”
 Adela met the look of the Jesuit with
 a calm and penetrating glance.
 "Thou inayest be learned in thy
 faith,” she said, but thou art a novice
 here, [laying her hand upon her heart,]
 if thou knowest not that a woman**
 love, in dusting upon its object, forgets
 all other interests.”
 Then it is sinful, and deserves per
 dition,” replied the priest.
 Then it is impossible that 1 can be
 saved,” quietly rejoined the youne
 Greek.
 What if I tel! thee,’* after a pause,
 said Don Alvez, that Conrade is not
 in my power, but hast left Naplee with
 another paramour.”
 Adels’s blood mounted to her cheeks
 with indie nation, as she exclaimed*—
 Then I till thee thou art a liar as
 well ss a barbarian' Not for a moment
 will 1 believe ao base a calumny!”
 iuevleai bciettt I replied my com
panion; "I will for'the last time in
 quire, dost thou refuse the mercy of the
 church?”
 "Do I refuse the mercy of the
 church said Adela. Why, wretch
 dost thou call these bolts and bars, thi'
 dungeon, this darkness, my long impri-,
 sonment, my wasted health, my tor-i
 lured mind, my almost broken heart—
 dost thou call these mercy? I know
 not what is meant by the church, and I!
 care not; I despise and reject both it;
 and thee. You dragged me hither be
 cause 1 worshipped according to the I
 customs of my fathers and my nation;'
 and you would have dragged hither
 also one who was too noble, too gene- j
 rous, all too worthy to commit the
 smallest wrong. But he hss escaped
 —thank Heaven, be has escaped. O,
 Conrade!” she exclaimed, clasping her
 ham's, "who shall love thee when
 Adela is gone?”
 For a short time, sobs convulsed her
 beautiful form. She soon recovered,
 and then added, with an emphasis I
 shall never forget:
 I do reject thee, thy mercy, and
 thy church: 1 cannot believe that truth j
 is allied to cruelty, or that Heaven has
 given you power to destroy its own
 creatures. I know not who is your
 God, but I feel that the great and good
 Intelligence, who rules the world, will
 not punish me for serving him as I have
 been taught, for believing as my simple
 1 reason dictates, and, above all, for re
 jecting your creed, so full of cruelty,
 bloodshed, and oppression. Leave me
 now; in an hour I will be ready to do
 your bidding.”
 Enough!” said Don Alvez, sternly,
 and moved towaids the door. I took
 advantage of his position to whisper to
 Adela, Do not hope too much, but 1
 will be your friend. Her lurge dark
 eyes spoke a gratitude which I am
 confldent I shall never again receive
 from any human being.
 The jailor fastened the heavy door,
 and 1 followed Don Alvez, who was
 hastening from the building. W hen 1
 overtook him, I inquired his resolution
 as to the fate of the young Greek.
 She dies to-morrow, at noon,” was
 the laconic reply.
 It was then near evening. He was j
 at first very unwilling to answer any j
 questions concerning her, but, by dint
 of close application, I extracted as
 much intelligence as put ine on a track
 by which I at length discovered Con
 rade. 1 have not the abilty to describe
 the gallant youth. There was the
 genuine Attic stamp on his character
 1 and frame. He entered eagerly into
 my plan of rescue; it was sufficiently
 perilous, but that to him was a recom
 mendation rather than otherwise. The
 design was to bribe the jailer to connive
 at our admission to Adela’s cell, and
 then to bring her away with us, and to
 fight a passage through all opposition.
 A friendly fisherman engaged to await
 us in the bay w ith his skiff, at a point
 trom which, fortunately, the prison was
 not far distant. With some difficulty 1
 obtained an interview with the jailor,
 and for one hundred piasters received
 his promise to admit us.
 He was as good as his word. We
 found Adela in a calm slumber. Per
 haps she dreamed of Conrade, for the
 instant ne stepped towards the couch
 she sprang into his arms without a mo
 ment’s doubt that it was any one but
 him. She willingly resigned herself to
 our direction. When we had emerged
 from the cell, we gained the outer gate
 before it was discovered that we had
 with us the condemned captive. The
 first and second assailants were laid at
 Conrade’s feet by stabs from his rapier.
 We were now in the street, fleeing for
 our lives—Conrade first, with Adela on
 his left arm. I defended the retreat.
 The fate of the two men had a salutary
 effect in checking the temerity of their,
 companions. After some hard blows j
 had been given and received, we gained
 the beach. The fisherman placed A
 dela in the boat, while Conrade and
 myself stood at bay, and repulsed our
 pursuers. I think another life was
 sacrificed in the struggle. The case
 was now desperate, for the number ol
 enemies increased every moment.
 threw ourselves into the boat, and the
 first stroke shot us into deep water. A
 volley of musket-balls whizzed over our
 heads, without doing us any damage.
 The night was daik, and we were row
 ing with our utmost strength, two things
 which every moment diminished our
 danger. I cannot tell why no attempt
 at a chase was made, but so it happen
 ed that all our obstacles were at an
 end when we left the shore.
 Before daybreak we reached a con
 trabandista in the offing; and when the
 sun shone in full lustre on the city of
 Naples, we were many leagues distant
 down the Mediterranean.
 My part of this adventure, of course,
 exiled me from the Neapolitan metrop
 lis for a time.
 As the* excitement of the crisis died
 away, Father Don Alvez found more
 difficulties in procuring victims. His
 zeal could not be satisfied with a soli
 tary delinquent or two; so he retired to
 Rome in a pique at the aversion of the
 Neapolitans to undergo martyrdom.—
 When he was gone. I had less difficul
 ty in negotiating an indemnity. I was
 attached to the locality, or I should not
 have troubled myself to return.' But
 now I regard Naples as the scene ol
 the action which, of all others, I have
 most occasion to look back upon with
 pleasure.
 Adela, I heard may years after from
 an English captain, was the mother of
 a numerous family. My informant had
 visited her home; and, because he was
 my countryman, had been treated with
 the most distinguished respect.
Principle.—Never confide in the
 principle of' a tiniid Iran. He who has
 no courage cannot be said to have
 principle; he may be disposed to virtue,
 and uiav prefer pood to evil, but ht
 is Hie sport of chance, and the slave of
 circumstances. What avails the best
 lucLumiulw, it ivauluiioii ue wanting to
 put them in practice? A feeble and
 irresolute man, who means well, is
 more dangerous than an audacious aud
 confirmed villain. You know the latter,
 and are on your guard against him;
 you rely upon the good intentions ol
 the former, and discover too late, hk«
 the son of Israel, that he is unstable a*
 water, and shall not escel. A timid
 man wan never become great; if he
possesses talent, he can never apply it;
 he is trampled upon by the envious, and
 awed by the staggering: he is thrust
 from the direct path which alone leads
 to honor and fame, by every aspirant
 who possesses more spirit than himself.
DEFINITION OF “SNOBS
 There is no way of defining this word
 but by illustration.
 The snob showed itself in Alexander
 the Great, when he remarked, (lint
 "were he not Alexander, he would
 wish to be Diogenes,” alter s *me iuier- j
 change of repartee between the vagrrnt
 and himself, in which he (the Great)
 had come off second best.
 It was strongly developed in the con
 duct of the Black Prince after the baitle i
 of Poitiers, when he made his triumph
 al entry into London, riding, bare
 headed, on a very s-mall horse, meanly
 caparisoned, while John of France, his
 prisoner, who rode by his side, was os
 tentatiously furnished with a splendid
 charger.
 It whs displayed in the behavior of
 Cordelia, when she refused to humor
 the whim of her already half-cracked,
 doatmg, poor ola father, who wish'd
 her (whom he had petted beyond Ins
 other daughters) to say that she |«v* &lt;1
 him very dearly. An eminent divine
 observes—How much of misery might
 have been averted by a good spanking.
 But a more familiar instance is af
 forded in what may he called the "mer
 chant prince snob,” of our own.day;
 with a palace for a residence, lie oc
 cupies but the basement, the patlors
 being devoted to the four-times-a-year
 reception of dinner or hall guests, un
 less a domestic funeral should put in its
 claim; with carriages and horses in
 plenty, yet riding in an omnibus, the
 fare of w hich, in the form of a sixpenny
 piece, he geneially pulls from his
 mouth, whfre he deposited it on enter
 ing the vehicle, "that he might have it
 handy;” lie pares and cleans his nails
 with a sharp-pointed pen-knife during
 the ride. With a library containing at
 least a dictionary, he writes to his sad
 dler for a self of harness—i hut all snobs
 spell set with a double t) —and lie talks
 to his tailor about pants.” lie stbp&gt;
 at the Wall street auction room in
 company w ith another of the same spe
 cies, and gazes through his hollow
 hand at an "undoubted original,” in
 the shape of a fouitli-rate copy of a
 very had master, and talks over shoul
 der of "tone” and "fore-shortening” to
 his fellow, who pokes the ferule of his
 cane against the stomach of one of the
 figures in a brick-red cloak, and says
 it "stands out.” He frequents wine
 sales, and tastes every sample of Te
 nerifi'e, Maderia, ami Honduras-port,
 j until he "feels fine;” then he buys a
 dozen of stuff that would he poison to
 any hut his own set. He says lit
 thinks he lias read all Scott’s novels.—
 When he hears, and happily compre
 hends, a witty remark, he approbates
 by saying that it is "not so bad.” Hi
 classical know ledge extends to the cull
 ing of money "rocks;” for indeed ru
 pees would have so signified vvijh the
 Romans. His oricul facts are much
 confined to Queen Anne farthings, ot
 1 which, he states, there are but two
 and the guillotine, by which he tell?
 you the inventor was the first to perish,
 j He carries his portmanteau from the
 steamboat through Broadway, (pushing
 aside the hungry hoy who applies foi
 i the office) that the people u ay see that
 j he is not proud—contriving, however,
 to hold it in a very awkward manner,
 j to indicate that he lias not been accus
 tomed to such work; nor has he, for In?
 father was u journeyman bricklayer,
 and he hirnseii commenced by selling
 old junk. He sometimes suffers In?
 hair to grow on his upper lip, but is
 discouraged on overlie wing a person
 say lie looks like a billiard-maker. He
 i tries on your glove, and considers it no
 stretch of familiarity. He reads the
 I newspapers silently, yet moving Ins
 lips, and pours vinegar on his oysters.
 When he goes to the country a week
 in Ihe month of August, he assumes tin
 neglige dress which looks sufficiently
 well on a thorough bred, hut knocks
 i him hack at once into the bricklayer’s
 son, assisting him to an air of latliei
 more dissipation, perhaps, than would
 he likely to insure him an eligible situ
 -1 alien as hodsmun. His salutation is,
 1 Sir, your most.” He has a great
 fund of humor in the barber’s shop, and
 "rui s” the hoy he is putting much
 grease on his hair. He computes
 fineness of labric wan a brother snob,
 who, like himself, has just "mounted a
 I new pair of pants.” He quotes, and
 says he is "a looker on in Venice.”
 To sum up. his constant aim is to
 "cut a figure,” which indeed lie does
 —he is a vulgar fraction.— Lift for the
 Lazy.
A Cool Operation. Hallo there,
 capting,” said a brother Jonathan to a
 captain on a canal packet on the Erie
 Canal, "What do you charge for a
 passage?”
 Three cents per mile, and board
 ed,” said the captain.
 "Wall, I guess I’ll take passage,
 capting, seein’ as how I’m kinder gin
 eout walkin’ so far.”
 Accord'ngly lie got on hoard ju*t as
 the steward was ringing t'le hell for
 dinner. Jonathan sat down and began
 to demolish the "fixing” to the utter
 consternation of the captain, until be
 had cleaned the table of all shat was
 eatable, when he got up and went Mi
 deck picking his teeth very comfort
 ably.
 How far is it, capting, from here
 to where 1 came aboard?”
 Nearly one and a half miles,” said
 the captain.
 "Let’s see,” said Jonathan, "that
 would be just four ao*i a half cents;
 but never mind, capting, 1 won’t he
 small; here’s five cents, which pays
 my fare to here; I guess I’ll go ashore
 now; I’m kinder rested.”
 'I he captain vaunted for the cabin
 and Jonathan went ashore. ihe cap
 tain did not take anv more wav nas
 «r»rnTr&gt;” *Lr&lt; Ti’i J Cl'
 Js' ut *„e wiisuii.
 Yankee Blade.
A young married lady being told
 that St. Paul said (hat "they who mar
 ried did well, but they who did not
 marry did better,” replied, that "she
 did not want to do any better than well
Tmk lioi%iil.!,,i .itaiia .Monk died at
 the Alma House on Blackwell island,
 a lew daya since
“Every Wan lII* PfcTslflan."
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 ITBT PI BLISHKO, a w«in.l bw&gt;k
 for etfn family in I fur country, and one that min
 t hr consulted Kith [irrltTt laldv. A* its title pa*-'
 imiiratf*, It i*“THF HOME (KKTOR.orFuiiHlj
 Manna), firing ihe causes, symptom* amt ti eat men
 •4 Oiv-.wi; with «n srn.Kiiit ot the ftilrm while n
 iie dth. ami rule* f&gt;r preserving that Male. Appeu
 teii to htori) are recipes for making various medi
 cine* and at tides for diet for the «&gt;rk room. Th*
 whole written for general use and daily ptartice, h\
 John B. Newman, .M. It.”
 ALo, accompanying this hook, or srpartte, ii
 ‘‘THE HERB BOOK, a liook devoted adantrh
 to Hcrin, giving tbcir names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gxibrru.g
 ind many ctlier directions very useful f«»r everv lau--
 ily to know, and wrnten expressly for f.milv use.”
 Tlie Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular M d-
 I cal BtAan y, and will furnish on ttu»t point all tb«
 Desired iuloruialion wanted for general use
 The two books are put up and bound together row
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separati
 at 12 1 cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully givn
 *o t.iat one may le recognised hum anoilier, to plo
 vent practising in tlie dark; also the treatment
 sketch of geuer-d physiology and rules lur keepsri
 in liealth, together with observations on their causoe.
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and mum
 other remaiks a* are deemed appropriate, for i
 malt tl'd frmnlr.
 Tlie B ok has been written with great care, in a
 plain, simple, rummon-sen.-c style easily to be tm
 ieistooil by every person, and by a (Manic*! physi
 cian am) a thorough botanist. e cm) reeouunem
 it with entne confidence, l*iug a wink supcrioi
 ni all respects to any other book of tlie kind eVe
 published at tlie price.
 Families in the country, and es| ecially those liv
 mg in new Countries and unhealthy thin.. tea, slioul
 not tail to procure a copy aihl have it at ail times a.
 hand, in case ot sicklier* its they might I licit by by
 s me simple remedy save an eipensi'e and piotrin
 trd doctors bill. \i hetliei vtell or sick, such a book
 sltould lie in every house as a safe and sure advisei
 hi tune of need, the direction giten for (lers-ms in
 liealtn cannot lie too strictly attended to by all.
 i lie jiue at which tlie book is sold is so low that
 ••very family may have a copy, and none should la
 without it.
 The book is put up in Fajier binding, and cai
 easily lie sent by mail. I outage only cents to iuy
 aailofthe Limed States.
 (jLj“ Ally pci son sending us one (toiler by mail, am
 pud paying postage on the letter, shall have torn
 copies sent linn free ojpostage.
 ?scnd in your orders*, tlieie is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it rouies to us daily, anil the book
 llw.iys reach th *ir destination.
 OCJ“ Four families can club together and tiend a
 dollar bill, and have lour books sent to one ail. re.*s.
 IV AN I ED—Agents in most of the States to sel
 this w&lt; ik, almost every family w ill pm chase it u
 carried to tlien d sirs. A small capital ol Irom s2t.
 o t5O will lie necessary for each agent. Addiess.
 »*t paid, CiEO. W. FISI'.ER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Excliange-st, Rochester, Y.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 ELECTRICITY HYDROPATHY.
 I’IIE imjxn triiil principle of Cutaneous Electricity,
 the discovery ot which by the undersigned, h.i 1
 ■liened So wide a field far scientific ami physiological!
 investigation, though ridiculed and opposed at n.-
 iiist announcement in 1844, by medical and profes
 sedly scientific men, being nmv sustained hy eminent
 nen of" philosophic and scientific knowledge, and In
 die t xperience and testimony of thousands, wliohavi
 lested his theory hy examinai ions in their onn cases,
 i lie undersigned is confident that this princi jle 01
 I atmal and physiological law, needs only to la; tin
 erstood to lie justly appreciated by an intelligent
 md i lives ligating public,
 j Sustained by snob testimony, and more than five
 I .ears’ practical experience as ;i Diagnosian and Hy
 -1 Iropathist, the undersigned would'here lepiat the
 i :oiuilusions at which he has arrived by the sense ot
 much. Ist. That the human body, in a healths
 conditibfi, is in a positive tltctncal state. 2d. I lia't
 here arc electrical emanations from the cuticlai
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature ana
 -yniptoins of disease. 3d. That in all rases where
 lie wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an clectro-posi
 ive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of a
 lire; but when the parts of the bodvalluded to aie
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 ao relief.
 j Had not the results of his practice already coii
 j ilicet 1 the public of the truthfulness of the principles
 j &gt;y which the undersigned is governed, in detecting
 i be natuic and symptoms of disease, the recent pln-
 I Misoplucal and scientific demonstration of tlieir cor
 ectuess, by Professor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 ieiiituer, of England, and tlic fuels and corrobora
 te testimony adduced by I r. Forbes, Mr. Smee,
 j md others, should be sufficient to convince the most j
 j sceptical.
 i Gratefully appreciating the credit so generousb
 iwarded for Ins success is a 1 iaguosiic and Hy
 tropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, am.
 lie gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 j deasuie to relieve of their complaints, the iinder
 igned will endeavor to meri: thu confidence of ah
 »lio may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 i &gt;y liis virginal and philosophical meUiod of practice.
 The iNortliam, ton Water Cure is pleasautly situ-
 I ded near Bensouville, on the west bank of lacking
 •V ater, or Mill River, about two and a hall miler
 iom the centre of the town. It is convenient!v
 ■rranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 iig-rooms, lor Ladies anil Gentlemen, well venti
 ntcd and conveniently furnished lodging rooms,am.
 i variety of baths, al undantly supplied witfi water,
 •illicit, lor purity, and adaptedness to water-cun
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodious
 tuikiing liae just been completed, containing a »pa
 cions dining ball, and pleasant lodging looms, which,
 ith the main buil.ing, will accomuiod..tc from 6b
 J to (iO patients. A t •yiuuasium Connected with tin j
 suiblishment, afford* an agreeable and berhhfu
 1 mdoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity i-
 icturesi|ue and romantic. 1 here are a variety oi j
 [pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa
 tents to enjoy their rambles without being exposer. i
 i o public gaze or observation
 Among tue complaints which are here successful!* i
 italcii, are headache, tendency of blood to the head, i
 ■old extremities, general and nervous uehility, Lrou-1
 j chilis, pulmonary affection, liver complaini, jaun
 lice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles,dnqiepsy, general debility, nervous and spinal;
 j dteetiooa, inffaumratory and chronic rheumatism j
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 i iheuiii, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit tins establishment for j
 .:oiirse ol treatment, slioukl furnish themselves with
 Three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi j
 iwo linen and tlnee cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, t. j
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an uqi-
 J hrelia, and a pair of slippers.
 1 t kms. For treatment and board from •'ss 50 r&lt;,
 t 50 i week, payable weekly. For a paiiem i
 (from choice or Hie nature of In.? complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second Hoots,
 9 bO—w ith room-mate, 6,50. For one alone on
 the third floor, .~8 60—with room mate, £5 50
 i al “‘)ts retjiiii ing extra attention or tire in tltei.
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnish
 iheir own nurses and luel, or pay ail extra price.
 For patients ret ivmg treatment al In.me, £l 00.
 Tetuis for examination, from $2 00 to £5 00.
 P.-st paid letters, wall one do.lar enclosed, sohei
 ing a n ice, will receive attention. Com-»pomimg
 pa euis should lie jKirticular in statii.g their last
 (i eat meat and its effects.
 DAVID RUGGLES.
 Northampton, ilasi., 1849.
 Visitors to tlie Establishment, from die
 east, west, or south, can take die cars of t!i« Co nn
 River Railroad at Springfield, Carriages will
 ilway lx- ill readiness at Hie Northampton depot i«
 convey them hilher. That tlie s.ck ami ne.vJm,
 mat o be disturbed after letirmg, visitors ariivm
 m il a evening tram are reque-L-.l to take lodging
 at a bo el. s
 l he human bl&lt;K&gt;d,iii a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, which
 is constantly maintained by tlie activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pa**
 mg off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 35b experiments made by Mr. II emmet ol
 England,upon tlie uncovered *kw,”322 indicated
 ,lhe presence of positive efectrieitv. Tbi* surplusage
 ol tlie fluid upon tlie surface, we believe to lie indis
 pensable to tlie healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from j
 u*»uuiiai or ceases, diseased action ensue*.”
 8«-e address delivered before the Medical College ol
 Georgia, al the opening of its annual session. v
 9, 1847, by A. Means, A M., M D., Professor oi
 Chemistry and Pharmacy,and Professor of Physical
 ■Science in F-mory College, Ga., |&gt;age 26
 Dr. John Fo'bes, editor of the Brin*), and jr or
 eija Me heal Revw men sf article o.i um con
 dition and Tunci mu of the skin, says: Peßup
 ila-n&gt; is scarcely any disease in which tin- func
 tion of trie »k:'i i« n.,f 1,, m m,
 Vi, what extent, physicians have nut be.t wrdtul
 licicnt |&gt;auis to learn; n.»r liave they been acciwtoraed
 1,0 S'** ■lie.ila.il to tins pan, m the practical
 &gt;nves:ig.iiiun of diseases. phyamlngy
 caches u« that it is Ine vehicle for convey my uui
 I l **e system a Luge umotMt u( mailer, as wcl, sob
 as l.iusl; ant praciic d ttprrwucc exhibits it a*
 the choincl through which liar ns/eMV avarfe i, I
 u.&lt;n\ Ai. stances, ami tha harthaii ut plei|„„
 ally, had i hro rtil."
 I l» bwWii AM, lu bug lu il* dsacovery of
 ••dUNC rhcliKil) hv Afirv.l -sst (turgaua la ita
 Itaiih ol England, says 11. a ls*l u l.a a I* mini
 •h tio-voh.il* h* has *all«4ad louts. W llrd Ha let
 I aHnaU-a# al UM taaSwl MV*«f si« p.wdi»t pafes at I
a toliaic circuit. while the muscular substance 'he
 net dive pole. The tmnr nerve* are the lelefmphe
 ttktfb carry Ihc *ea*.HK&gt;si u&gt; the brain, end the aw4ar
 nerves eany Issck the voliiW-n to the muscles f*«e,
 N. Y. Tribune. April 7. 1*49.
 IV. II oil irk, no the -u» j»«*t ,f electricity, rrrosi kf:
 Tie re i» ix&gt; 3g**nt ih.it sllec;* the burly store. l»»th
 naturally and artificial!*.” See hi* work on Neu
 ropathy. puUUked m Philadelphia in 1*47, p. 127. 1
 Tlie billon mf extract i* from an mtrreatin* arti*
 cle on electricity, copied by the N. Y. J'-a* na) of
 l.'oaiineice front a trrrijn Scieetihr I men I
 &lt;lo ant prrten 1 to any that a dr6r'ie*ie*y of electricity
 may not occur in one part of the busp-n body, an
 an txciM ia tunc other part, for a time, »n&lt;l that
 may not la* the cause of disease, aorl the resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cnrr l think ibi* bk*»
 likely, and that it is upon thi* piiocirdr, in a great
 mri«\ite, dial tlie wonderful effect* of eleetri nang
 netiatn, in the rare of disease, are to I* rxj tasaed.
 It certain that, alien oor electrical uwhmes nr**
 moat actiTelv productive, we all led mwt tiforota
 (.Hir nervous systems are then moat firm oar difes
 tice oig.w* most activr; our (mud* roost clear
 AT 110 L HATER t'l'RE.
 THE Sidtscriber beg* leave to rail tie attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient.*
 last season, and it is believed offer* snuellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. Tlie supply of water is aUmdant, and in
 purity has lieen pr»nounred “equal to water on a
 hstifled.” 1 he location is quite eligible, being but
 4 short distance from the V. M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ha*
 -harming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, anti
 exercise, {indents can scarcely fail to obtain the
 Healthful results for which they lal»&gt;r.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. B of 11 arwiek. Mass., ageti
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August, her case presented the following plicno
 men*. If placet! in an erect position, and left mi
 ■•iipportPil, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well snpjiorted, site made an
 effort to walk, cither foot, when carried forward,
 despite Iter efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. Site hatl been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16lh of Sept.,
 and was continued lo the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, site
 ha.* continued lier baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to bet
 loinestic duties, and with the assistance of a
 girl, does tlie work of her family.
 Patients are desired to taring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen tot
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars (&gt;cr week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients,
 t hose who are less particular in the selection ot
 rooms, or are willing to occupy tliem in common
 with others, will lie cnarged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 Britihh Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Rt new,
 *Thr A orth British Rnttw, the 11 estminster Rnirw,
 and Blackteood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 •THE wide—pread fame of these splendid period i
 i cals renders n needless to say nuicii in tlicu praise.
 As literaly organs, they staiul far in advance of
 anyt' ing of the sort now pul li-lied, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is maikeil hy a digmtr,
 condor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party cliaiacter.
 1 hey embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinbuigh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Railieal. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having !&gt;een
 originally edited by Hr. Chalmers, and now since
 hi* death, being conducted by hi.* son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir l)avid Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 W esimin.-ter, though reprinted un er that title only,
 is pnl disced in England under the title of Ihc For
 eign Quarterly anil Westminster-—it lieing in fart a
 union of tlie two Reviews formerly republished and
 lepiinted under separate istie*. It has, then-foie,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 woik tlie ltest features of (with as heretolbic issued.
 'I he aliove Periodicals ate reprinted in New York,
 immediately oil'their arrival by the British steamer*,
 in a beautiiul clear type, on fine w hite paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, being an exact fac-tinnle of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES FOR 1849, (IF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of tlie four Reviews, $3 U 0 per an mini.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 OO
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made i;i aft cases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will b
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sub
 script ion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood's Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall lie able to place the
 entire numlier in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can lie reprinted in any of the American
 Journal*. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subsrriliers we pay so large a consideration,that
 w e may lie compelled to raise tlie pi ice of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat sulwcribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should be always
 addressed, post-paid or franked, to the publishers,"
 LEONARD SCOTT CO.
 70 I ulton street, New York.
 Asyium for the Sick nho have been con*
 Rued to their beds Ironi 1 to 140 years.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydiopatliic and Anyalytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. TTiis'lnstitution
 is now firmly established and in succe*slul operu
 non. 'I iie proprietor analyzes every disear r hat ia
 admitted Uieru,and applies the natural and appro
 priate reme&lt;‘y. Although water is used mi every way
 dial is applied in any water-cuie establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to lie
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal iem«dy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for tliat class of
 invalids who have tailed to obtain llieir health bv all
 oilier systems «f practice, and aie still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and aie confined to their
 U*li, wealing out a hie of misery and Buffeting with
 out any hope of ever hemg any better.
 The remedies made use ot in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many Imre
 been brought here from different parts of tlie coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet fiom five lo fifteen years; and soine
 who have lieen unable to dress or undress, or eveu
 to feed themselves, ami in tlie course ol a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 tl»»-quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at tliern
 velvta, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment ot this
 Institution is particulatly calculated to remove the
 •i.scares peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. 1 lie falling o| the \V omb, in all its stagf
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, ami even if tliey have teen courfned to
 ilieir be* s from one to twenty, unable lo stand, walk,
 dies*, or unureM themselves, or even too li-eble to
 (.ear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. W eakm ss and Falling of the Bowels; Fain
 in die Bide, hhoukfers, Back and Head* Bpmal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Bfnking Sensation at
 the Btomuch, Falpitnlicr. ol Uie titan, Dyspepsia
 in all iu forma and stages, files, Coativeness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression uf the Menses, Excessive
 Menstiuation, Whites, all Nervous Hi*, axes, Cold
 Feet ami amis, Si. Anthony’s Hance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its woisl fotuts, Neural
 gia, fie Douloureux. Rheumatism, Consumpliod tu
 its fast stage*, General Weakness and Debility.
 Tlie prupru-t-.r ha* given his whole atteuiion to
 the aliove diseases lor the last ten years, and ha*
 treated diem in an entirely difien-ut way from any
 other private practice or public lnstitutioii iu th&lt;»
 country; ami such has bee-i his success, ami to cer
 tain aie Ids remedies in tkii efl«*« is dis
 eases, Dial instead ot publistn.ig a long hs&lt; ot rer
 ntied cures, lie w is lies to give that class of invalids
 »*ektwg lo oMaiu lh*dr lieahh a snlticieni guarantee
 against any falst pretensious, exaggeration, impo
 sition or iferrption, so tlml no one need he to any
 expense m this Institution without taring bsoafils-tl
 The will enter into a special c..ntiar,
 wiUi any or*e who Slstars tr- do so. that lit wilt ad
 mit urn, dm iiislilulioM, to aDfaucc it*e luuurv aun
 pwy all the expenses from any t*‘ rl ol *he inle-i
 .dt tr* here an I hsi k horns again, befiire lie co«-
 issw«tw» uss|.mmS.s»us»»» **—*m W IMSUlaws,
 KXfthti with Ins profi ssiowal seivies-s, foe is4inug.
 if lie does Dot Iw-lp dieui according to Contract. Any
 one dunking tlie above proposition snttM sm
 giasiaillee agunst unsiep ew-ntalioiis and sqesss
 a ilia ml receiving h—l4t. raa M lb fsronrkh
 Uif know what wiL 1m »-Usla« tor; and it srmlt hr
 hily Co si. triad.
 This InMiiistion has growr up fr-na pwivsi. pvm
 liua try (hr minrnor u&lt; Daws who hat* ari»w«l
 hum, «s imltiing ha* vw pol.l.slwNt tahwa;
 and I hr p*«grw4-« was ths* II «4mM
 Is&gt; It* owm swill, us ps*| I'W d lhai who
 ksw Ao nsslu a *-**d a*t ih feihsse Tha
 «a*ga *4 tins i Mihbr h *M* usaka kfr.-i. ths
 wvs »ha* ha*s mutt 'hhlihUrsh, feigan
thry iwnst aooa be helieved; i 0 let
 kmrmn to the poor rofiO,u&lt; nT
 h»*e .pent hundred* of dollar* in
 erro™* of peart*-*, and nil bout murh'„ r
 nanani, and #i, 11 remain confined to their tT;
 frre *o twenty year*. that lhrT&lt; M
 i* different from any other on* nl
 l #il»«d State*. and i* pari.rulailv adapted ZTil**
 •iiuatK-B, amt car, Kara it cmt them noth,;,*
 lilfv an* nu*trt tally Uorfitrd.
 f'rf&gt;i« tha nature of treatment in (hit I-af ir««
 tt* number of pan**, he limned,
 proprietor tbawnot enfant the patronage*
 ordinary case* which max he e**dv Iwh*. v
 •&gt;«cm* of practice; m.r doe* he want' afty ’J**'
 come, until the, wixh t., get «eii, amt v Hi
 1° "W' l to walk from fi*, a
 mile* at a lime, an.l Win* „„p A r &gt;f fai J
 rucceMKm amt al#o aillmg to t« made ahieo/
 dorr a* n.ueli latmr amt fatigue a* 7 ,a
 th.it call tbemaeleex well, a* he mu, ,v
 one that Cora thr. ~gh a thorough coo,*
 in the Analytic tut..n «h*!J ,k ou k,
 creased strength, efaekAiVv -,f tr* t ior g &gt;r ,!t
 texiure, capability of rinoe of
 health, ttiat ttie treat men! in thiil-J. '^f* o
 ed on itie natural law. of artMilJ
 consequently it* superior.tv over "'S' lr^
 ferent system of pract.ce. "thar dti-
 All communicat or!* addressed to r&gt;- Tim..
 HAMILTON, R-btsier, post paid. J i OMaS
 immediate attention If rrqje«t&lt;x!, r»(* T r r ,f f
 tie made to those who Imre lieen helped ,n
 tut ion and also good reference* a* to reaper*,
 '•itiie proprietor to meet the above n n e,
 required.
ll.irlS Uft iahlt* Lxuatt
 I* the only remedy that can be relied go for u»
 permanent nne of Spasmodic Contraction*, IrriU
 ti.mot the _ Nerve*, Nervous nr Bick Hea.au*
 Nerrou.s Frrmor*, Nror*!** A fleet .on*, fienon
 Debilitx, Deficiency of No,,*, aad |-hy*ic,*d Entr
 *y, ami all Nerrou* Disorder*. mt Riding the r«o
 -dreadful of all diseases tii.it ifleet the human rac'-
 Fprlrpty, or Fa’h-z NtcAr f .**.—H\*tencaJ Fit,
 ronvtilnon*, Sjvwm*. ic It i* wrft koown, ti v
 from lime immemorial, t‘h\sirint&gt;« hive pronouace,-
 F.pileptic Fit* iuctarahle It ha* imfrtoJ %il the,
 skill, and the liouMcd power of ail medicine, iq,'
 consequently thousands iki\c *oflert*»i ihrougb a m
 eraUcexi*te,K‘e, and at last y.ekled up their hv/, 0
 °f fc««tf|-.~Tlie proprietor. the \r &lt;r
 able Fxtroct, fione vtr, lief* no delicacy in a v. w
 h l c;iri f »«-d He u,n,LI, tlwrcfW,
 lull, invite physician*, and all others wiio a r&gt; inter
 fo the testimony u hich is iwre oficr.sl
 II it is deception, let i- lie expo.*e&lt;J but if it n
 true, then in the name of Humanity, no k ngr r let
 w said tlu.t Fpilepsy is incurable!
 //cort’r Vfg,iM&lt; Ejlmct. —For sixteen \car.
 has lieen tested by many ,arsons who have sufl. r.-. 1
 wun this, dreadful d.ssase, and in every case where
 d U* had a fair trial, ha, efleeted a p.-rma,.*n;
 Col. IVi'slmv of Yonkers, New York, state, that
 hi* daughter ha, Iweu :dfl, ctr( lh pj. B
 han nine vr:, r s ami ha* Keen cured by (He u*e
 tile \egelal.le Fxtniet. J
 J Rradey, 11.&gt; Orchard sueet. New York
 states that she has lieen nubject to Fits f., r
 I Palf a,ul has Is en restored to perfect hcal*h (after
 even other means had faile.l) by the use of (i„
 Vegetable Fxtraet.
 Dr. Charles A. Brow n, of Dover, Russel! rn
 AlilKima, who is one of the licet l’liysicians (n ts,
 State, says that lie has lieen much Isnehtted b\ v
 use ol the Vegetable Fxtraet, and that he unhei.tr
 i ,n K'y prescrilies it in every case of Fpilepsy whir
 comes under his knowledge.
 Curtis (i. Ma,berry, formerly I’ostm.vicr
 at Lime Mill*, Crawford Co., a i H .w v r
 Erie Co., I’a., states that tor man&gt; &gt;»ars pa-t lie
 has lieen sorely afflicted with Fits, and he 0(v
 h;‘PPy “i state that a persevering use of M r Han’,
 Vegetable Extract, has restored him to sound health
 being entirely fixed from that worst of all disease-’
 Judge Randall, N. 156 Henry stn-et. New York
 having used tlm Vegetable Extract successfully ni
 h,? ‘atutly, highly recoinniends it to all iiersons
 i are afilieteil vmiu Fit*.
 i phf»E. I’ratt, corner of Sixth Avenue
 and I wcntv-Sixth street. New York, si.„e a )u
 Mr. has, 11. Houghton, a member ol hn fsmih has
 U-en so severely afflicteil with Epileptic Fits' for
 many years, that lie was obliged t„ rdmaui»ii hi,
 business. Having user! Dr. Hart's Vegeta!-te Ex
 tract (says Mf. I ratt,) he was soon resumed to
 perlect health, and left this city f., r tl«. State of
 Ohio to resume his btiMm ss.
 Rev. Mr. Smith, Rector of St. IVters Chure.i,
 Spotswood, New Jersey, who has lieen afthneti
 with Epileptic Fits for more than forty years, »uim
 that he has used Dr. Hart's Vegetable Lxtraei,
 his health has lieen so much improved that he hope*
 i by Divine blessing, to have no more Fits.
 EptJ'pttc Fit*.- —For twenty-seven years and mi
 months, cured by the use ol this truly wonderful
 medicine.
 Read the following remarkable case of die *o n c f
 VV m. Secore, Esq, of Philadelphia, afflicted with
 Epileptic r its twenty-seven year* and six month., 1
 Alter travelling through England, Scotland, (j w
 many and France, consulting the most emineni
 physicians, and expending for medicine, medicd
 treatment and advice three thousand dollar*, returmd
 w ith his son to tin* country in November last, with*
 out receiving any benefit whatever, uod wa.’currd
 by using Hurt'* Vrgttablt Extract. —l have I,era
 over three thousand Hollars for meuicine and ineuical
 attendance. I was advised to Like a lour to Eu
 rope with him which 1 did. I first visited EogWdl
 I consulted the most eminent physicians there m
 resuect to his case; they examined him *nd preset'*
 lied accordingly. 1 remained there three m&lt;nr,L»
 without perceiving any change for die better, wh.ch
 cost me about two hundred and fifty dollar*, pock
 eted by the physicians, and the most that 1 itcxirol
 was their opinion dial my non cas* w*a hot*!*#*,
 and POSITIVELY INCURABLE. I acconJ.Mly
 lelt England travelled through Scotland, Gtrnuuy
 and Fiance, and returned home in die month ol
 November last, with my son as tar from leingcured
 a* when I left, I saw your advertisement io o* of
 the New York |ui|*ers, and concluded to try Hart'i
 Vegetable Extract, seeing your statenienLs *rul
 certificates of so many cures, some of twenty sad
 thirty veais Branding, and 1 can assure von 1 an. not
 sorry 1 did «o, as by die use of Hart'* VegeuWe
 Extract alone he wt* re*tored to FLK?EUf
 HEAL 1 H. His reason, which was so far gout to
 unfit him for l&gt;uaines» is enurely resmied, with die
 prospect now liefore him of life, health *nil useful
 ness. He is now 28 of age, and 27 y**t s 6
 months of this time has been with dm
 most dreadliil of diseases, but thank God is now
 enjoying good liealth.
 Now, sir, faith without works 1 don’t believi
 in. To say i shall be ever rrateful to you is oat:
 thing, and a* I here enclose you one hundred dol.ar*,
 I have no doubt l*it y'-'* l will think this another an.]
 quite a different dimg- I he ilelit of gratitiMie soli
 owe you; but please accept diia amount as iutere-t
 on die debt in advance.
 \	,ur very respectfully,
 (.igned; WILLIAM SECORE.
 TESTIMONY UPON TESTIMONY.
 In reference to die almost miraculous efficacy cf
 tins ti lily wonderful medicine, read tie* following
 letter from Dr. W. L. Monroe, of Guilford, Ohio,
 one of the most eminent physicians in that piace
 Guilford, Ohio, August 17, 18IK
 Brotlier lalrorer m the cause of humanuy—• Dear
 sir; It is with ik&gt; small d*-gre« of pleasure that I
 am enabled to announce to you the complete triumph
 of yuor invaluabb- meiftcim- in ra*es of Epilrp*y. i
 hvve presM-ribed it in tohr instances m dm vicinity,
 and ,t luis lieen highly successful in all. Throe u 4
 the patients, I trust, have lieen radically ruroij.
 Thcfouith one is rapidly improving, and wiif, I
 think without doubt recover. lam not in,the Kil
 of prescribing or recommeislmg puieiit medic. or•
 but wlien i see an aiticle v» Inch proco*t» aMtr
 for tlie relief of suffmug humanity, 1 feel duty
 to recoiiiuumd it, and I i*e*it»t»»*»
 ID* dial a* xcsiu as live ta« uily ate tuity atqpxnd’’'*
 with the rral merit of your medicine, they »i
 rlose their eyes against jirepsiice arvi lend yo* i
 helping band.
 1 subscribe my*«;lf yours, smenreiv.
 [Sigm-dJ W. L. MONKOE. D.
 To Dr- 8. Harr, New lorfc.
 THE TIME 18 NOT k AH DIHTANI
 When thousand* wlki are now UvuibKog
 liie liaisl of this drcatlful disease, and Ican*/ '9
 (T m atuck may prove fatal, will find insir
 rrhtf ami la- re»Uxre&lt;l to new blr, t»y usinf i"
 rrleiirated na*brine
 OVER ONE 'IIIOI HAND KKTlFh’f H
 Have been re* eived in lesliiiajiiy u&lt; the Meuci.&lt;
 rwanlt produce.* ts, |»w 4 H.r*’*
 bk Eatnwt. y i
 jy Fiepwredby HART M u V-
 Eric*, one I-wkage
 IK, fiiur I
 Do eight f&lt;ai kages
 Crf- 1 1 la I aretuily up u» kaae*
 is ata i ion. a ait send to as&gt; f" f
 Btal*«. Tear r, Mexico, jmt l' It
 IUOMAH k MlLl* Man. ‘•J
 &lt;moat i, tffla*. &lt;»eaerai Agewl. K« 'b* J
 Hutes. &gt;o wbusu ei, mi—ii rations
 I* Ba»«ts t ortft at I’wllou and fl
 Ns** u*h
 11. |l Hat*, Main It 8s I'wS K.« laaitrt
 t 11-.'h gi 217 Main *trs*' buflak'
 II A I- Agent* K* i h*»a* G»
 Fay A kiNUiurM, (ohsdMt,
 J G A G. II Hilt, Detroit, MaAigaa
 V% It t WMlighM, MlllSuAs fl I*
 J. K Ute.i, mmi C.* t I"
 Iha I I Ma*oW. I***' *i‘*
 II MWksley. ami lo I an* M
 Awl k*» »«I» M ua a*"*&gt;-*»■
 .ksaSttauM &lt;Ae MVAd
 1 HUM At* A Ml LUt m Mmswwe*
 U- -I*
"
