"FREDERICK DOUGLASS,
 M R. mXANY,
VOL. I. NO. X.
The NORTH STAR is pnblDtoed every
 Fidny, at No. 25, ilulfilo Street,
 ((}mp**Ur thf Arc»4e.)
 TERMS.
 T««d 4bn&gt;per w&gt;r*" mdr*nr*. No
 iahi ri;)b m wilt be received f.ir a le« ‘w® l, aJl
 «i* month*.
 AdvertmuwaWtn not evreediT* It****
 three urn*** (ir one dollar; every itilwj'R# l mser
 tio«, tweatv-fivc cent*.
Til object of the NnRTH Star will be tnnltoek
 QL&amp;VRRt m all it* fiwwßl and a*pert.; vlrocat*
 tiaivKß*At. EnAßCiratiov; c*alt the »undard
 •f Public Moralityj promote tlie moral ami «n*
 teUertuai nnpcwvenw i« the COLOKKD Peon. r.,
 Rod Iweten the day of FREEDOM to the THRF.r
 Million* of «or Enslaved Fallow Covn
 tRTKLV.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 Irt* AH c *m amn atione rrittinT to the bnonen
 •kilter* of the i«pcr, iW’O -ti of Milaw;ribere. remit-
 Ae. 1 .'hhill l&gt;? addiVß*ed ta William t.
 A' E».L, Publisher.
 sr&gt;- Aye it*, an! all other* sending name*, are
 eeqtievted t« lie areorate, and five the I*&gt;*t
 the Crt iljr. an I the Sirtr. Each Suliecriljer is im
 mediately ere life 1 for in Kiev received.
 HCJ" Any per*on aendinij in the payment for f»nr
 subscriber*, to be f.lrivanled to one address, may
 have a fifth ropy f &gt;r on" year.
 fyf- A 8 l-rttcr* »nd communications must be pout
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Mass iculm tts. —U. V'. Waleatt, 21. Cornliill,
 Boston; Nat Hu Johnson, New Berlfwd; Horatio
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evan*, VVoreester limine Spooner, PhnnmHh;
 Claries 11. Seth, Springfield David Rujgles,
 IS’orthampton; H. Carpenter, I’pton.
 Maine.—Oliver l)'noe*t, Portlan I.
 Vermont.—Rjivland T. Rjliiinsn, North Fer
 risburg.
 Cow v r.cTifOT.—Jonathan L-oaard, Meriden.
 New llimmhirk. —Weare Tappan, lliallird.
 New York.—Sydney 11. Gay. 112, Nassau
 Street; Ja n MeCu ie S :iith, fl 3. H cut Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, (luceti County; Mary Ilar
 per, Albany; Elias IMv. Maeedon; illetts Keese,
 Pern, Clinton County; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva.
 F.hodk Island.—Ainirnney Paine, Providenee.:
 Pennstlvania. —J. M. M’Kitn,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; GW. Goines, 8, Lxelia.age
 Plaee, Ditto; 11. Vaslion, 11. Down, Pittslmig;
 William Wliipv. r, Colu nbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob
 L. Paxon, Norristown, M intgomery (xsnly.
 Ohio.—Christian l&gt; Miuldson, Cincinnati; G. AV.
 Carttr, Ditto; Valentine Niclidsmi, Harveyshurgh,
 Warren County; Samuel. Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit. j
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.*
 t
 LAW OF NEWSPAPERS.
 1. Su'os"ribers who do not give express notice to j
 the contrary, are considered a* wishing to continue
 their subscriptions.
 2. If suhscriliers order the d'senntinuance of their
 paper.*, the publishers ma\ continue to send until till
 arrearsjes are f»»id.
 3. If sulwcii's*rs neglect or refuse to take their
 ya;&gt;crs from tlie oili'-e to wluclt they are directed, they
 ■are held res|K&gt;tisible till they settle their Li 11 and order
 thsir papers to be discontinued.
 4. If *ul*.-ribur* move to other places without
 informing the publisher, and their paper is sent to,
 /.be firmer direction, they are held responsible.
 fi. Tiie courts have decided that refusing to take
 newspaper or |&gt;crio lical front tlie office, or removing
 and leaving it uncalled for, is prima facte evidence ol
 intt.iti m'il fraud. _ I
 Removals. —In giving notice of a change of
 ruiJt'ice, be sure i l*o*t OtScs to wtii- h
 the [apvi has formerly liecn sent.
SELECTIONS.
 SI!4CKFORD’S LECTURE ON TIIE
 WAR WITH MEXICO.
 [continued.3
 l'iiere la nothing more so? row fill, re
 vealed by thi. present war, than the
 corrupt state of public opinion in regard
 to right. Everywhere is exhibited the
 lowest standard of moral sentiment.—
 Mere party expediency is unblushingly
 defended as the highest rule of action.
 Every partv is seeking to make the
 most for party, out of the sufferings ol
 Mexico, and the disgraces ot our coun
 try. Advocates of a Tariff make no
 opposition to the war, because by a
 public debt, the Tariff is secured.
 Parties strive to avail themselves ol the
 false renown of some military leader.
 In cateriiig to a false opinion, men
 whose age, experience, and exalted sta
 tion should raise them above the senti
 ment, speak of the glory which hero
 ic deeds and unsurpassed valor can
 acquire.” R. O. NV iuthfop says,
 Our arms have gone on gloriously.”
 Mr. Clay speaks of “the long series
 of glorious triumphs. hig mass
 meetings resolve, that as Whigs and
 American citizens, we rejoice in the
 signal triumph of our arms in Mexico.
 And even tlie venerable Mr. Gallatin
 speaks of splendid successes, and the
 glory of these military deeds.” sVith
 a strange want of moral discrimi€ l!! ‘i‘kmi
 or a subtle pliancy to a low state ol
 moral feeling, which cannot be right,
 lie says, that no men are more worthy
 of admiration, better entitled to the
 thanks ol their country, than those
 who, after war lias once taken place,
 brave death and stake their own
 lives in the conflict against the actual
 enemy.”
 These are tlie admissions, and these
 the approvals which cause a false halo
 to remain about war and warriors. To
 admit that glory can belong to men who
 volunteered in such a cause as this!
 Who that rightly views it, can for one
 moment thus admit.'' \N hat is this war,
 even taking as real and indisputable the
 causes which are alleged in the at
 tempt to justify it
 It is u war waged by a strong and
 wgorou* nation, with all the choiccsi
 means of destruction that money, sci
 ence and in* 'licet cat) command, againsl
 a feeble and distracted people, torn bj
 internal conflict; a helpless sister re
 public, with no friend or ally; 11 mixec
 and half-barburous people, without mo
 ney, credit, or moral strength.
 It is a w-ur of the strong the
 weak. It is a war waged Tor money
 revenge, ami satisfaction.
 In the enjoyment of a bound I es:
 prosperity, at peace with all the world
 with uncounted millions of unoccupied
 acres, with every motive of position
 and honor, of love to man, and duty te
 the cause of freedom and human right*
 to protect and aid, to bless and strength
 en, we staud before the world as the
 conqueror® of a weak and unprotected
 neighbor.
 By a long series of wrongs, we have
 alienated her affections, until at la»t
THE NORTH STAR
our very name has become the nucleus?!
 of hatred, ami opposition to u®, is the
 only tic that can unite her divided
 people.
 We arc engaged in a war in which
 nothing can be gained, and everything
 prized may be lost.
 Wc are spending hundreds of mill
 ion t to get a paltry live.
 We are refusing peace, beause Mex
 ico will not surrender territory which
 we do not want, and which if we obtain,
 w ill be the object of contention and in
 testine discord.
 We arc laying on blows merely for
 the sake of causing the prostrate foe to
 cry, hold, enough!”
 The nature of our present position
 could be distinctly seen, if we would
 dismiss the indefinite wea of nations,
 and look at the contest as between two
 individuals with human form corre
 sponding with their state.
 Look at one with stalwart arm, and
 with the best weapons. Every advan
 tage is his of quick eye, strong limb,
 and the protection which skill in train
 ing and all the science of defence and
 attack can give. Beneath him lies his
 prostrate foe, an imbecile though stub-,
 horn cripple, subject to djzzincss, with-’
 cred in the arm, and partly blind. He!
 has been prostrated by the vigorous
 blows of his antagonist, who now, with j
 foot upon his breast, commands him to
 sue for peace. He will not confess that
 lie is conquered.
 Consent that I shall take from you
 all I wish, and I will let you go,” cries
 out the strong man.
 “Never will I consent,” says the
 other.
 Then the strong man proceeds to
 lop off a limb, and again cries out,
 consent.”
 Never!” is tlie answer.
 “Then, he exclaims, I ‘shall
 proceed to attack your vital parts, and
 by slow degrees, shall exhaust your
 life.”
 Well, be it so; extinction is better
 than dishonor.”
 The glory to be acquired in such a
 contest, is the glorv f our arms in the
 present war. And it is a strange hallu
 cination which speaks of splendid suc
 cesses, glorious triumphs! All the
 terms to characterize its nature, should
 he drawn fr mi tlie cock-pit and tho
 butcher’s shambles. If this were done
 by those parents who read to their little
 ones the accounts of battles; by those
 who profess to be Christian editors and
 conservators of the public morals; if
 the volunteer soldier were regarded as
 a wilful murderer, the foe to virtue,
 poaoo end righteousness, and so the
 toe to his country, instead of its friend; j
 if the successful warrior were spoken;
 of with pity, as deserving tears and
 prayers, not shouts and praises; ii we;
 could still associate with the person of
 the soldier his trade of human butcher,
 and look at the blood as it stains his
 garments, and keep in our nostrils the
 scent of human gore; no longer should
 we speak of splendid successes,
 or of “troops covered with immortal
 glory.”
 If there is any glory in the present
 war, we must give it to the defeated,
 broken Mexican. When the position
 of that Republic was that of one “de
 spoiled, outraged and contemned,” her
 persistent firmness deserves our praise.
 She could not be brought to treat for
 peace, while a threatening hand was
 extended over her. And when at last
 she did consent, when opposng factions
 had weakened her arm, with her army
 scattered, her treasury empty, her
 means exhausted, and her most impor
 tant cities in the enemy’s power; when
 every star of hope had sunk from the
 firmament, her noble refusal to give up
 the provinces which claimed still her
 protection, deserves to receive its meed
 of glory. It is a flash of light which
 reveals an unconquerable spirit, and is
 worthy of better days, and shall be
 blessed with better days. Her answer
 to our demand of New Mexico was
 this: “The government cannot con
 sent to cede New 7 Mexico, whose in
 habitants have manifested their desire
 to make a part of the Mexican family,
 with more enthusiasm than any other
 part of the Republic. These meritori
 ous Mexicans, abandoned to their fate
 during som; administrations, often with
 out protection even to preserve them
 from the incursions of the savages,
 have been the most truly patriotic of
 Mexicans, because, forgetting their do
 mestic complaints, they have remem
 bered nothing but tlu ir desire to be of
 the Mexican family; and many, ex
 posing and sacrificing themselves to the
 vengeance of the invaders, have re
 belled Jagainst them; and when their
 plans were discovered or disconcerted,
 and their conspiracies frustrated, have
 again conspired. And would any go
 vernment sell such Mexicans as a herd
 of cattle? Never! Let tlie nationali
 ty of the rest of the Republic perish
 for them! Let us perish together!”
 Ves, this is the spisit. and these are
 the ppoplc, contending 1 &gt;r their homes
 and national existence, about whom
 glory dwells, rather than w ith those w ho
 would force them to submit to a foreign
 rule. Glory! no glory crowns our
 country’s brow many vears.
 Once she stood before the World with
 the broad banner floating to the breeze,
 on which was inscribed the glorious
 motto, “All men are entitled'to life,
 liberty, and the pursuit of happiness
 'N» e pme was won, after reddening
 many a field with the best blood cd’
 beating, human hearts. And then av
 what then?
 These men, strong in the battle for
 freedom, calling upon the c f
 hosts; these men, brave, prudent, hon
 ored, form a compact to rivet vet
 stronger the fetters of the slave; bind
 ing all, even the sons of New England,
 those who shall tread her free moun
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRLTH IS OF NO COLOR— GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
tains, bathing their summits in GodV
 free who should till her field*,
 and breathe tier atmosphere; binding
 them all by solemn oath and perpetual
 contract, to spend their blood and
 treasure, should there come the need,
 in perpetuating a system full of wicked-!
 ness, black as the open throat of hell
 itself.
 This is the glory which this waT
 heaps tip. It bears inscribed upon;
 its banner, The extension of human
 slavery.”
 Look at it! With a country abound
 ing in every natural resource, w ith inen
 and money, with every improvement in i
 art, with all the appliances of science,!
 industry and skill, how do we use,
 them?
 To win the nations to the love of
 freedom? To protect the weak, and
 aid the suffering? To advance the
 happiness and comfort of our race, or
 even to spread the peaceful pursuits of
 commerce? To aid industry, and bring
 together distant regions?
 Oh, no, this is not our glory.
 With untold millions of acres, —now
 desolate in their solitude, or roamed
 over by the wild beasts of the desert,
 sending up to the noon-day sun and the
 open firmament of heaven their plead
 ing voice for the hand of man to be
 laid upon their bosun, they may
 give hack to him the blessings of sun.
 and dew*, and rain, and the fertilizing
 influences of the lapse of ages; with
 these belonging to us, there are across 1
 tlie water —yes, in our homes, our
 streets, our cities, thousands upon ten
 thousands, listless, starving, dying, 1
 who w ould rejoice w ith.joy unspeakable,;
 to possess and till these fair and fertile
 acres. j
 Oh, glorious nation, which sells these:
 broad lands to the speculator, and ex
 pends the money in war!
 Glorious nation, which gives one hun
 dred and sixty acres as a bounty for
 murder, and cannot give one rod to him
 who is dying for work!
 Glorious government wh icli can:
 spend millions, with all the appliances
 of skill and science; the energies of
 aspiring youth and noble manhood; all
 the wealth of a mighty nation for years
 to come, to subdue a weak, divided,
 miserable country, while a deaf car is
 turned to a whole people of noble-j
 hearted workmen dying for bread. “No!
 money can be given for help, because!
 the money is needed for the war!”—
 No money for charity, none for justice,
 none for the payment of claims long due
 to our own citizens, none for internal
 commerce, for science, for the promo
 tion of the means of human comfort;
 all must betaken to pay the hirelings j
 in this war of slavery! Such is tlie
 glory that encircles onr nation’s brow!
 And how can tlie man of discerning
 intellect and sound moral perception,
 use the words splendor, glory, iuiuior
 tolity, in connection with such a cause
 as this It is the cause that conse
 crates or curses; that crowns with tlie
 chaplet of a true renown, or brands
 with a fiery mark of hell.
 For deeds of individual daring, you
 have but to go to every painted, howl-!
 ing, and demoniac savage tribe. And!
 what, like the pirate’s deck, has ex-!
 hibited a fierce, unflinching courage,
 when the banded crew fought for money
 and the lust of blood? A furious zeal!
 excites every breast, and death is wel-i
 coined w ith a thoughtless joy.
 For thousands of years, in every
 clime, and under every sky, glory has
 been sought in deeds of blood; and to 1
 seek it thus to-day, in contest with an
 inferior foe, is cheap, and mean, and
 dastard, to the extreme.
 Vet what have we heard? Not the
 voice of praise from one, but a univer
 sal chorus of exultation. Professed
 Ministers of the meek and peaceful Je
 sus, thanking the merciful Creator that
 the national feeling of love of
 victory” had been so abundantly grafi-
 fied; professed Christian newspapers,
 spreading forth the sickening detail of
 wholesale, scientific murder, with ful
 some epithets of praise; grave Legisla
 tors, —Whigs, and Democrats, —those
 who denounce and those who defend
 it, vicing with each other in votes of
 thanks to their marauding, blood-stain
 ed countrymen. Every day in the
 journals that go into every corner, pen
 etrate into every house, and fall under
 the eye of young and old, woman and
 man, wise and foolish, arc to be seen
 the words of praise, the expressions of
 joyful admiration, the epithets that be
 long to deeds beloved of God, and
 worthy of his obedient children.
 In one column is seen tlie war de
 nounced; in another, its voluntary
 prosecutors, its willing instruments,
 hired for a few cents per day or a shin
 ing epaulet, to kill and be killed, are
 praised and glorified.
 The war is wrong; but they who
 wage its battles are right. The cause
 is infamous; the men who love the cause
 are heroes.
 'The deeds are accursed, and their
 end is evil; but the willing doers of the
 mighty w rongs, are worthy of eternal
 memory.
 Such is the low standard of moral
 estimate, the utter want of inanlv, Chris
 tian principle, exhibited by the progress
 of the present war.
 Another fact, worthy of notice in this
 connection, is the spit it of apathy andj
 indifference which prevails among us
 all, even those who are opposed to the
 war, both in its cause, origin and prose
 cution. It is worthy of our especial
 wonder.
 And yet whv should we wonder at
 this, when a greater wrong, and of
 which this is one incidental and ulti
 mate consequence, has for many years
 been borne so paiteutly, and has laded
 to enlist such an earnest opposition, as
 to heave it from its base
 fcWc have seen the iniquitous system
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1848.
of Slavery, which at the end of the la-t
 century had become wo unprofitable,
 that the advocate® of emancipation were
 many and poweriW, by the impulse of)
 a foreign market for its products, grown
 to a gigantic size, lord it over all our
 government, dictate the policy of thej
 trample upon that Constitution
 by which aloue its power is upheld,,
 stand forth üblushingly and claim hom
 age from us all, and an equal right w ithj
 that which is good, of protection and 1
 extension. We have seen this system!
 leading to tlie violation of treaties, the
 appropriation of territory claimed by a
 sister Republic, and plunging at last
 our nation into a war oi conquest.
 We have seen, i«*c eighteen months,
 the work of mutilation, crime and death
 go on, each advancing step sunk deeper
 in human gore. By every mail has’
 come some new deed of violence.—
 Cities have been attacked, and the cry
 of helpless women and children hasj
 risen, amid the shrieks and agony of
 death and dishonor. The living have j
 gone forth, and dead corpses encased
 in lead have returned. Thousands of
 widows and orphans have sent up to
 the heavens their pitiful wail. Blood
 and treasure have been j»ourcd fortli as J
 water. Continually has been the cry,
 More living to replace the dead; more
 silver and gold, to spend in the work of
 conquest; more means to penetrate into
 the enemy’s vital parts.”
 And yet all is quiet as under the most
 perfect despotism. There is no united
 appeal, which should malic the rulers
 tremble; no thronging voices of peti
 tion, no indignant rebuke, no prayer,
 “Lord, how* long?” All is still, as
 though a polluted crust of selfishness,
 hard and icy, had bound down all the
 generous, noble instincts cf the human
 heart. All is still, as if Napoleon were
 our emperor, and files of Imperial
 Guards,” with bayonets fixed, were
 ranged before our doors. Oh, for some
 •Peter the Hermit, to kindle the fires oi
 enthusiasm! to traverse this land,tosul-j
 fer even the pains of martyrdom, to!
 rouse us from this heavy sleep!
 There would seem to be no hope of
 -our awakening, if the developments j
 now* taking place, fail to stir us.
 The evidence is clear, in the face of
 all denial, that this, from the first, has
 been a war of conquest. No condi
 tions of peace have been offered, ex
 cept coupled with the demand oi sur-;
 render of Territory. This’is shown to 1
 be the meaning of the favorite phrase,,
 conqueiing a peace.” Fight until
 the enemy gives up the territory we
 demand; beat him until he accepts onr
 conditions, is the unmanly stand that j
 has from the first been taken.
 Get possession of the enemy’s terri
 tory and keep it, has been the soul of
 every instruction.
 When Commodore Sloat was sent to
 the Pacific, only two months after the
 war had commenced, Ins instructions;
 were, to obtain speedy possession ofj
 California; so that in the event ot
 peace being made on the basis of actual
 possession, we should be found in actual
 possession of California. Thus is dis
 closed the fact, that no sooner had the
 war begun, than the scheme w as laid of
 acquiring territory.
 The instructions say, and with an cn-,
 tire unconsciousness of the latent base-J
 ness, The object of the United Statesj
 is, under its rights as a belligerent na-:
 tion, to possess itself entirely of Upper
 California. The object of the United j
 States has reference to ultimate peace!
 with Mexico; and if at the peace, the
 basis of the uli possidelis shall he es
 tablishcd, the Government expects,
 through your forces, I&lt;P he found
 in actual possession of loper Cali
 fornia.”
 This policy of conquest, at first de
 nied, though secretly acted upon, and
 the desire of which has continually and
 progressively increased, with the suc
 cess of our armies, is now openly pro
 claimed iu the last Message of tiie Pre
 dent. He says, I cannot doubt that
 we should secure and render available
 the conquests which we have already
 made; and that with Ais view, we
 should hold and occupy, by our naval and
 military forces, all the ports, towns,
 cities and provinces, now* in our occu
 pation, or which may fall hereafter into
 qur possession.”
 In accordance with this policy are the
 resolutions introduced by Mr. Dickin
 son in tbe Senate, which begin thus:
 “Resolved, That true policy requires
 the Government of the United States to
 strengthen its political and commercial
 relations upon this continent by tlie an
 nexation of such contiguous territory as
 may conduce to that end, and may be
 justly obtained.”
 And everything now coming from the*
 seat of Government, show’s that the
 schemes of ambition, grown huge by
 the conquest® it fed upon, look now
 with disdain upon single provinces, and
 contemplate the entire subjugation cf
 Mexico as a province, or its absoiquic-n
 as a territory by tWtfoited States.
 Even Mr. Calhoun, who has hereto
 fore shown no lack of fere for increased
 dominion, is alarmed" and seeks to fall
 back. He little knew the spirit he was
 rousing. He little kn* w that fi*r the
 safety of our institutions, the spirit of
 foreign conquest ought long ago to have;
 been checked.
 But Dr. Channing wrote years ago, I
 Did this country know itself, or were
 it disposed to profit by self-knowledge,
 it would feel the necessity of laying anj
 immediate curb on it® passioo for ex
 tended territory. It would not trust it
 self to new acquisitions. It would
 shrink from the temptation to conquest.
 We are a restless people, prone to en
 croachment, impatient of the ordinary
 laws of progress; less anxious to con
 solidate and perfect, than to extend our
 institution*; more ambiti.«i» of spread
 ing ourselves over a wide space, than
of diffusing beaofymwffniitfulnesj' over
 a narrower field. Possesst d of a domain
 vast enough for the growth of ages, it
 U time for us to stop iu the career of
 acquisition and conquest. Already en
 dangered by our greatness, we cannot
 advance without imminent peril to our
 institutions, union, prosperity, virtue,
 and peace/*. The truth of these words.
 even Calhoun seems ready now to j
 acknowledge. He has found himself
 far outrun, and now, spent in breath/
 he pants and flutters with exhaustion.
 Too late docs he see the danger which
 he has been one of the m&gt;st tool-hardy f
 in provoking. lie has around spirits)
 of the vasty deep, spirits of tire, earth
 and hell, which words cannot now allay
 or beat back.
 And vet wc are all indifferent! Wc
 feel ns if wc had little concern in these
 events, big with our own fate and the
 fate of our children.
 The open avowal of the rulers of this
 mighty nation, to push on their con
 quests even to the utter annihilation of
 the foe, if that foe does not yield to a
 conqueror’s terms, awakens no deep
 voice of remonstrance from the na
 tion’s heart; falls upon dull, cold ears.
 Truly do we seem almost to have en
 tered into that fearful state, when our
 eyes are blinded and our ears are
 stopped, lest, at any time/we should
 see with our eyes and hear with our
 ears, turn from our evil courses, and so
 escape the deserved judgments of the
 God of universal justice.
 If this indifference could have been
 reached by the appeals of principle, it
 would seem as ii‘ long since it would
 have been disturbed. If this nation
 had a consciencc7 that conscience could
 not hut have been moved. If it had
 a soul of honor, it cculd not but have
 prostrated itself in shame to the dust.
 But principle, honor, conscience,
 seem dead, and men quietly sneer at
 their appeal. No glow of virtuous en
 thusiasm warms the general soul,
 no pulse of light beats in the universal j
 heart.
 Therefore, according to the laws of,
 God’s providence, by which those infiu-j
 cnees successively proceed, adapted foj
 the state of a nation, wc arc now enter-j
 in" into that phase of external and ma-j
 teviul evils, in which every violation of!
 the law of Jove and light must ultimate
 and complete itself.
 We are beginning to witness the
 effects; a degraded moral sentiment, a
 lust of power, a devotion to mere party
 good, a generation trained in the at
 mosphere of carnage and military glo
 ry; a standing army as large as the
 despots of Europe; a flow of specie to
 a foreign'land; an increasing public
 debt; the consolidation of power in the
 hands of the Executive; the exaltation!
 of warlike chiefs to places of civil pow
 er, and political partisans to military!
 rank; the decline of public credit; the
 difficulties of financial embarrassment;
 the imposition of taxes; an increased
 frontier to protect from savage inroads;
 and the seemingly inevitable necessity
 of furthering the extension of human
 slavery.
 [to be continued.]
 From the New York Tribune.
 TIIE .MORMONS IN THE W!LITER*
 NESS.
 We arc a great people for Charity,
 Liberty, Justice, and all that, wiicnevcr
 wc happen to be the suffering, oppress
 ed or injured party, or when wc can
 gratify a cherished prejudice or spite
 against the actual wrong-doers but
 there are few nations on earth whose
 history can parallel the acts of flagrant,
 gigantic robbery and wrong which have;
 been committed by our own Govern
 ment and citizens, and which have been I
 suffered to pass without public chastise-[
 ment or even rebuke. The Jewish
 Captivity, the expulsion of the Moors
 from Spain, the expatriation of the
 French Acadians from Nova Scotia by
 British cruelty and tyranny, furnish no!
 adequate parallel to the robbery and
 exile which we have inflicted on several
 Indian tribes, but especially the Chero
 kces; the Partition of Poland was not
 near so hypocritical and no whit more
 atrocious than our subjugation of Mexi-,
 co; while the Bartholomew Massacres,!
 Witch-burnings and other popular mad
 nesses of dark ages afford the only ade
 quate parallels to the atrocities which
 we have patiently, placidly, unresisting
 ly suffered to be inflicted—in violation
 of every principle of Nationality and of
 the common rights of Humanity—allow
 ed to be perpetrated upon the poor, de
 luded fanatics opprobiiously known as
 Mormons.
 We have not time now to go into the
 history of this National baseness. The
 Country looked on and saw the
 mons driven fjrnm their hard-won homes,
 while their property was stolen or de- 1
 strayed, in violation ofDivinc and Hu
 man laws. Property which cost them
 millions was wasted or rend ere 1 worth
 less, and now the poor victims are wan
 dering over the bleak praries of the
 savage North-west, in bewildering ter-;
 ror and sullen despair, or lying down
 to die by hundred's of far..ine and naked
 ness. Our Government, which ought
 to have protected them, and might have
 done it, let them he plundered of their
 alt; and now they are starving by hun
 dreds for want of the implements of In
 dustry and the necessaries of life.
 Shall nothing be done for them We
 have raised money freely for Jrecce,
 tor Ireland, and for other needy suppli
 cants; can we do nothing tor our own
 perishing countrymen, the victim* of our
 bigotry, our faithlessness and our ra
 pacity? We say, that while Charity
 bade us be liberal on former occasion*,
 here hi a call upon our Justice, which
 we cannot disregard crime.—
 Who will step forward to render it ef
 fectual?
The facts embodied in the following
 letter from Col. Kane of Philadelphia,
 to Major Quincy of Boston, a ill be
 found of deep and general interest,—
 No correct idea of the situation, for
 tunes, sufferings, and aims of* the Mor
 mons, since their expulsion from Illinois
 can elsewhere »w? obtained. Col. K.,
 j has been brought frequently in contact
 j with the fugitive bands since their exo
 dus while engaged in Indian negotia
 tions in the Far West, and has been
 moved to a profound sympathy by theii
 miseries. Through his representations
 and efforts, a public meeting in their
 behalf was recently held in Philadelphia,
 the Mayor presiding, and the most emi
 nent citizens taking part in the pro
 ceedings. lie has since visited Boston,
 in the b &gt;pe of exciting some interest
 among its philanthrope citizens, anti
 while there addressed the following let
 ter to the Mayor, which wc copy from
 the Morning Post:
 Mr. Kane’s letter to Mr. Quiver.
 Revere House, Monday, Feb. It.
 Df.a r Sir: —ln our conversation, I
 had the pleasure of giving to you in
 full the views I derived from personal
 observation and experience with regard
 to the Mormons, during my recent
 journey to the far West. I mentioned
 to you what I saw of their highly up
 right and excellent moral character
 white in the Indian territory, and stated
 j my often repeated opinion of the gratui
 tous injustice of their persecution. It* 1
 judge rightly, however, what is desiret
 in my present letter is a simple, un
 colored narrative, for the ccnsidcratior
 of the charitable rather than the curi
 j ous, of the position, numbers andcondi
 tion of the chief sufferers of the sect.
 To this I w ill confine myself as closely
 as I can, in the limited amount of time
 at my disposal.
 Emigrating Mormons, to the numbci
 i of nearly are to be found wef t
 of the Missouri, from the country of the
 I Platte, belonging to the Omaha and
 Otto Indians, to that beyond the notable
 Bear llivcr Valley across the Rocky
 j Mountains; but the condition of the ma
 jority of these persons, though un&lt;]ouht
 edly forlorn, dors not invite philnntiiro
 i pic invest!!* at ion, since they are gcncr
 j ally beyond the reach of timely help.
 The Mormons, who can be counted ns
 appealing to tiie immediate generosity
 of your townspeople, are certain strug
 gles in the roar of the main body in
 march, and whose camps are on this,
 the Eastern side of the
 or immediately along its course. Ol
 such the unhappy destitution is very
 great. It is, in part, the issue of cir
 cumstances in which their history differs
 i from that of the emigrants farther ad
 vanccd; and which 1 think 1 cannot do
 better than detail.
 They composed, originally, the re
 fuse, lame, aged, sick and pauper mem
 bers of the Church, who were found
 unable to attempt the great California
 pilgrimage of 18if&gt;. Un this account
 their friends, who started at that date,
 concluded, it seems, an especial treaty
 or armistice for their benefit, w ith the
 anti-Mormon mob, and left them be
 hind in Illinois under its protection.—
 'i bis treaty covenanted, with the most
 solemn formalities, that they were in no
 wise to be molested until another asylum
 could be prepared for their reception
 beyond the Rocky Mountains. Just so
 soon, however, as the Mormon host
 had made a progress of some months
 upon its travels, and couhl safely be
 considered out of the way, the instru
 ment —oaths, seals and ribbons—was
 broken by the anti-Mormons without
 ceremony or excuse, and tire cripples
 who relied upon it were ordered to take
 up their beds and walk. Upon this the
 helpless beings, driven to desperation,
 made a remarkably rss*dute defence ol
 their Holy City, which, being hardly
 more than a large hospital of incurables,
 could meritoriously have claimed of
 any other barbarians its privilege of
 sanctuary. It was bombarded, howev
 er, by an overwhelming force, and not
 withstanding, the beleaguered for two
 days supposed, as 1 am informed, they
 were replying to the fire upon them with
 three guns of their ow n, of large muz
 zle, they had Ibrged out of a broken
 steamboat shaft; at lixst, after losing
 some of their soundest men in fight, they
 were glad to fiee forth with their lives,
 that is to say, w ifh little or nothing else.
 I saw most of these poor folks while
 they were yet on the light bank of the
 Mississippi, opposite Nauvoo. It was
 just after the cannonade, and I think
 they had been there a matter of two or
 throe days. Some of them had fled
 over before the assault to escape the
 balls that battered in their houses; the
 remainder had waited till ousted by di
 rect force of anus.
 Few had food enough to satisfy their
 hunger. Exposure and fat»gue had
 combined to vi.,it many of the nominally
 robust of them w ith the ague, and the
 bilious remittent fever, known as favor
 ite indulgences of the system in the
 Western country but, sick ar.d well,
 conscientious yellow souls, they all lay
 down alike among the reeds and s.»at
 lerdock* of the 1 ,w river shore; the fa
 vored ones huddled together under tat
 tered sheets, counterpanes or bed
 spreads stretched gipsy-tcnt-wj'C over
 a tripod ol sticks; others lodging eut
 side of these shelters, and going to
 sleep with their pinched faces to the
 sky. I have not the satisfaction of a
 «iouf4 that among these 1 «t upon
 thus shivering in the sharp night air of
 Autumn, many whom the screening of
 a roof ought have saved, died looking
 across tne stream upon their comfort
 able homes, in which the orthodox bul
 lies of the mob were celebrating their
 triumph in obscene and drunken riot.
 At the epoch of which I speak, they
 were bent on m j\ ing West* ard to over-
WILLIAM C. MUX, lYsusuaa.
 JOHN DICK, Paisvss.
WHOLE NO—X.
take, as they hoped, Ohe rear guard of
 thtir column in the advance, hut wers
 pitiably unprovided with adequate
 means tor doing so. One had a cow,
 may be, which he could yoke to the
 crazy cart of his fellow. Another, by
 disclosing to the cupidity of the lows
 squatti rs, his |k&gt;*session of his watch or
 j °*htr paltry treasure he had secreted,
 was able to hire a lift in a farm wagon,
 j Several, they were lew, appeared to
 own among them a mixed horse and ox
 I team; the rest had no other means of
 transportation than their own bodily
 frames, though it may be observed that,
 by a natural Providence to whose effect
 1 have already adverted, these were
 j nearly everything they had to carry.
 Thus jury-rigged, un provisioned and
 almost unclothed, they started on their
 voyage—an overland voy nge that they
 intended to measure over one-fouith of
 the diameter of the world. It is little
 wonder then, that being unsuccessful
 in overtaking their brethren, they have
 since literally fallen by the wayside, in
 the wildernes, and there having eaten
 up the beasts of burden that helped
 them along so far upon their weary
 stage, now find themselves equally uu
 j able to push forward or to return. At
 i sundry crossing-places of the larger
 1 streams that have impeded their pro
 gress, in wooded clefts aud sheltered
 copses of the prairie, in alatuloned In
 dian villages—wherever, in short, they
 j have found life most easily sustained,
 !or as some of them have said, ns their
 fate has proved in many instances,
 death tnort easily borne, they have halt
 -1 ed and gone to wmrk to strive to keep
 j body and soul together till relief, either
 in the way of alms of of a propitious de
 cease should come up and overtake
 them. With the aid of a quantity of
 Indian corn and garden roots they have
 raised for food, and of groat fires of cot
 tonwood brush—these as a substitute
 for sufficient shelter and clothing—many
 lived through the last winter, and so
 many will doubtless survive this one,
 though it presses upr-ti the whole poo
 pie w ith cold and famine in its train.—
 j But the return of spring is to bring
 them r.o better fortunes. Ihe emacia
 ted and pining survivors, if unaided by
 us, must still continue to be without tho
 power of replenishing their stock of ne
 cessaries, or of charging their pluce to
 ;go to seek it; while it should be noted
 that their gcnciul health is already so
 impaired that they are becoming with
 everyday less capable of vigorous ef
 fort for their own assistance*
 I having limited, my remarks to ap
 ply to individuals, concerning whose
 plight I am possessed of accurate infor
 mation. 1 ought to add that there are
 still others whose numbers would with
 difficulty be coirectly ascertained.—
 j Somewhere beyond the head waters of
 the LYs Moim s, and on the tiibularic*
 j oltlie Uj per. Missouri from theNhdina
 botha to LT.nu qui Ooule River, say
 from bOO to 1100 miles abovt&amp;t. Louis,
 there aie, I suppose, some ft,ooo othef
 dejected human beings, who are proba
 bly without any menus to wave in our
 eyes their signal of distress. Vet n.any
 of these, I know, are dying of chit! and
 hunger, without metaphor or exaggera r
 ticn. They are dying while we are talk
 ing about them.
 I am, sir, very respectfully, your
 friend and obedient servant,
 i THOMAS L. KANE,
 j Hon. JosiAii Qcixcv, Jr.
 A Tart Refi.v.—Alex. Duinns, ihc
 great French dramatist, is of colored
 origin. A capital story is teld of him
 in a late number of Black wood's Maga
 zine. It seems that a person more re
 markable for inquisitiveness than for
 correct breeding—one of those who,
 devoid ofdelicacy and reckless of rebuff,
 pry into everything—took the liberty
 to question M. Dumas rather closely
 concerning his genealogical tree.
 Vou are a quadroon, M. Dumas?"
 he began.
 a n&gt;f sir," quietly replied Dumas,
 who has sense enough not to be
 of h descent he cannot conceal.
 And your lather?"
 Was a mulatto."
 And your grandfather?"
 ‘‘A negro,” hastily answeird th a
 dramatist, whose j nficnce was waning.
 And may I inquire what yeur great
 grandfather was?"
 “An ape, sir” thundered Dumas,
 with a fierceness which made his im
 pertinent interrogator shrink into th*
 smallest possible compasa. ‘‘An ape,
 sir—my pedigree commences wlicro
 youia terminates."— Phil, Spirit &lt;f the
 Times.
 The .Sties.— l cannot say, that it i n
 chiefly the contemplation of their infi
 nitude, and of the imrm-H»urabie space
 tS cy occupy, that enraptures me in the
 Stars. Still less do 1 regard tin m ab
 s&lt; lutely with reference to the* life after
 this. tl e mere thought that they
 are so farihcyond and above everything
 torn striiilj—- the feeling that before* ih« in
 everything earthly so utterly tantalus
 to nothing*—that the single man is to
 infinitely iinsignificar.t In the compari
 son with fh&lt; •r»e worlds strewn over a.J
 space—that his destinies, hi* enjoy
 ments, ard sacrifices, to which he
 attaches such a minute importance,
 how all these fad*! like nothing be fore
 such mm** use objects—th«n tbst tho
 eourtciiation* bind together all *h&lt;*
 race* of fnsn, ar.d all the eras of the
 carlli, that they have beheld that
 has passed since the beginning of time,
 and will sec all that Until »la
 end. In flmtighf* hke these I can a!-
 wavs lose myself, w itU a silent defigbr.
 in the view of the starry firmament.—
 JiumtjclM’s Letters.
 pori t*Tioi or Kcrrcto.—The cen
 sus of Buffalo, just completed, shows
 populauou of 40oJl.
"
