"The Barrett Cate in Soatb Carolina*
 From the X. Y.
 Mr. Barrett continue* a prisoner to the
 Sp irtant, and ia kepi in clow* confinement at
 the Spartanshurgh jail, in defiance fit aH law
 and justice. The case to the individual iseae
 •f peculiar hardship, while to the State «*f|
 S *mh Carolina it is moat dSjfrscefuL Mr. I
 Barrel! ia llfade a prisoner Upon the liare!
 suspicion. and without a particle of proof, that
 he wan abobinmt**. All the documents as-'
 •ociated w ith his name contain nothing more j
 than facts aitri arguments addressed to white
 men, show that the apportionment of Re{»-
 Teseniatives tn that State was unfair and un-|
 just
 One ot two of these documents io envelopes
 were sent to Barrett, without Iris knowledge, l
 and he waampioted to deposit them in the!
 post office. O.i tlna he was arreted and im- j
 pnsont-d.—-But in $lOOO was demanded,
 which Barrett could not give among rang
 ers, but he was assured that when he cm.ld 1
 indemnify security, he could be M out on j
 bail. He finally obtained the moor--, but
 under the direction of a public meeting oi
 madmen, the bs*| was increased and the.
 ptisoncr retained!
 Mr. Barrett has written from his p ace «*t 1
 confinement ihe following letter, which pi &gt;ce*
 the conduct of the w hole Spartan cutto.nm?!-
 in a most shameful light. W«; would as soon I
 look lor mercy among cannibals, or justice a
 tnong b.imiitn, a&gt; to iho**» who l old this man
 a prisoner upon any e'likutce of guilt which
 has yet been made to ap|«ar. We know
 there are tnanv honorable and Intel igt-n’
 Carolinians who condemn this whole .not ced
 ing, and we hope there are enough in the
 Stale to control it.
 Spahtansbckgu Prison.
 20th Aug I*l9. S
 Mr. Ed. Harwc.od Co —D*ar Sirs; —I,
 wrote vou last that measures would be taken
 on the next dav h»« mv releaj-e, as my in- J
 deriiiiity iiad arrived. Ihe magistrate hasj
 refused to bad me in the sum ol 1000, and
 lam still m pritori. Ims was- a in&lt;&gt;si arm*-j
 ful »&gt;d perfidious 3ft and should elicit r. »lh-
 ing but honorable indignation. 1 was cast in- 1
 to prison without the shadow ol a cause a- j
 gainst rue, a= everv one who read ihe show j
 »ng made by the “Spartan,” oi tins place, at
 the tune ol my arrest, must have seen. It
 was because of certain communicaiions ad-!
 dressed me by anonymous wmers who* con- j
 duct 1 could not in the least control and can-,
 not therefore be responsible for. One ol these.
 communications contained three copies, it is j
 said, (for they were violently taken Irom me
 without my being allowed to s e them) ol an j
 obnoxious document, which the writer re I
 quested trie to deposit in some Post Office.
 and although there is not a particle of test!
 mony to show that a document of the kind
 was ever addressed me at anv point in ties
 Stale, or that I ever circulated, or violated a
 law in any other respect.
 1 nm as closely held m prison as though 1
 had committed the worst of felonies, on ac
 count it is said of the above named and other!
 anonymous letters, which have reached my
 self and others since my arrest, a principle i
 which if carried into practice m the Courts of!
 Justice, would make the Post Office an en-j
 gmc of desliuciion, in the hands of any base
 enough to use it, against the best c.tizen-. j
 And although my papers conclusively showed j
 according to the admiss on of the ‘’Spartan”
 at the time of my arrest, that I came into the j
 State to prosecute a legal and worthy hnsi-,
 ness, and although it was an admitted fact;
 that there was no legal cause for my deten-.
 tion; yet the hue and cry was raised against
 me to such an extent, that my legal adviser
 thought it impracticable to 6 ck a release un
 der a writ of habeas corpus, according to the 1
 natural course of justice. But my hud health,! 1
 which was the main reason of my being on
 travel, forbade that 1 s um d lie in prison and j
 therefore 1 thougnt best to enter a recogni-;
 sance for n&gt;y appearance at Court, as the j
 most suie uiui a t ,eedy method for my Te-
 lease. j
 Upon application to the rnng stra&gt;e, Mr. G.
 VV. H. L egg, uhocommr led me, I was mid
 by him emphatically that lie would admit me
 to bail in the sum oi $l,OOO. As none would j
 sign my bond without my intummiy m money, 1
 1 v. rote to yon and finally my lather, request
 ing &amp;n imiTiedi uc enclojtire of the ain iuut.
 Never once dreaming that alter causing you
 the trouble n ,d lit to collecting money ai a
 time when business is so much suspended in
 Cincinnati, your indemnity when it reached
 me would be perfidious'y relused and my sell
 left in prison. 1 looked forward to the lure
 when the $l,OOO should reach me in p!&gt; ;&lt;s-!
 am anticipations of being once more permit- j
 ted to walk the green earth and breath the!
 sweet air w hicii my health so much demand-j
 ed. H. iw shamefully have l been disappointed!
 The people around me knew that I was mak
 ing every exeriioii to procure ihe required in
 demnity, and ilie magisirate, even expre-sed
 his settled purpose to release me i jmn a bond
 of 1.000 w henever I should be able to offer i
 1 t; yet immediately upon the arrival of ihe
 requaite.ajuount a public meeting was held,
 and fiery and vindictive speeches were
 made
 M yself sick and m prison, was branded, as
 I learn, with ihe vilest epuhets and a resolu
 tion passed, denouncing as a traitor to his
 coun’rv, eveiy magistrate who would admit
 me to bail in the sum of $l,OOO.
 Mr. Legg he t lie fore the furious tide, and
 announced on the next day that it the matter
 was pressed upon him he must violate his
 nacred promise and raise the bail. I i ihe
 name of justice why was such a courre pur
 sued' Did these men seeing me a prisoner!
 in the land, in had health, making every
 effort m gaoi an honorable release, upon tin
 terms themselves had proffered ine and there
 by causing my distant friends much expense
 and tinuble, only await their action, till my
 hopes were almust fulfilled, to have the pleas
 ure of disappointing mo 7 1 lea\»- it for the
 country to determine.
 If 1 had committed the mo-t heinous
 crimes, it were no mitigation of the conduct
 of men who could so shamefully violate ih- r
 proflered faith with in* 1 am ju«:lv mdignaoi
 at such peifid*&gt;us c. iiduct. hut am almost i n
 decided what is proper for me iq future, 'ihe
 antipathy againtt Ohio and her people, i so
 cially myself, is so strong In r. mat a res*»ii
 to the habeas corpus would doubtless prove a
 failure; although would not cast unmerited j
 censure upon them, many ihi’-gs indicaie to
 arc that some »&gt;t the most nifloemi:.! men will
 prevent if possible, my bavin a tali ami I ou-j
 orable hearii.g in a enmt of justice. There*!
 fore, although 1 would not create an unwont
 ed excitement, it teems hut ju.-t to me that
 the lulhuiiiifi ot Ohm, of which Slate 1
 claim to be an humble nuien. should sp -ediiv I
 look into my ft jg u.cduiy of her Gov
 ernment to affiid protection to her people*
 when they have not fi,it.- d tx j,y llieu l)Wn
 misconduct, ami v. ,en she lads to afford such j
 protection she (ads to accomplish the pur, ose*
 of her organ.iation. ii it can Lt faiily shown
 that lam justly amei able to th- U v.s' 0 f this, 1
 State for any offence 1 have cummmed against
 them I resign myself ca'mly i&lt; mv pu*on
 If otliuwiae, J demand mi honorable k tease
 Very mpectiutiy, y*,ui*.si C
 J. M., lLr.*kT.
 TJie Secret Expedition to Cuba Frus
 trated.
 On Tnuraday last, Mr. P tacoti H/.1, U. S.
 Dtairict Attorney, received a 1 iigi*,.hic d.&gt;-
 patcli fiom Mr. Clayton, fcecr*taiy f Siaic
 Uirccnng him to sl*&gt;p the prop ii&gt; rs S a u jj
 and Florida, and the fmo steamer New Or
 leans of New Oifeaue, *uppos-d enunec
 ted with a secret war like expedition, ti e ob
 ject of which was to levy vver against G .ha,
 the dependency ot Spam, a Iritndlv (tower.
 Others say that tlu; expedition was inioi d
 •d to co-operate witii the malconteutt cf the
 Northern Suteaof Mexico, hut ti.ia is not (tie
 cute
 A genu of the dteiff'Ctcd sh*e-owners off
 Cubs have tieen here t&lt;&gt;i a&gt;m« time, co-opeca-r
 ling with some of our cit.xenß in arranging
 an expedition having cml war ru Cuba, and
 i
the extension and perpetuation of slavery
 thereby, 1U eaily annexation, when tndenee
 r^‘,nt, to ihe United States, as a sixteenth stave
 state, for us object.
 Collector .Maxwell and Commodore. Mc-
 K*&gt;rr*r declined taking my active part in the
 pirmtse*; the Sea GuH had cleared regulai*
 1 1) for Curacao, on account of Mr. C. L. Cole,
 i her if parent owner and neither the Collec
 tor nor the Commodore had any new ground*
 i nn which to act. Mr. Hall felt that he had
 'he power to detain the vessels, and applied
 to Com. McKeerer for the necessary force
 Com. McKeerer detailed from the Navy
 ard, fuity sailors and ten marines to the
 j support of the Marshal, in aid of the civii
 The sailors turned oat with great
 alacrity, wore only theirsbirta and pantaloons,
 and each of them was armed with eutlam.j
 ou!*ket and pistol*. They ware commanded
 by Lieut. Swartwout.
 The d'strict Attorney did not accompany
 the expedition, but those who did found the,
 i hea Gull at anchor at the lower quarantine'
 i nation. There wa* no resistance, and very'
 lew persons were found on board. The mate
 n It (or professed to feel) quite pleased at the
 j detainer; said he was quite ignorant when
 j ih**y were going, and didn’t know bet that
 be should have run away had not the Mar
 sin I’a |Kwae enlightened him.
 The party found 130 boxes with 1,000
 Maud of muskets, with powder and provisions
 j in plenty, but no cargo. We understand there
 was also a small howitzer battery, but are
 noi posiiive.
 j Tne Marshal took possession of the propel-'
 ler, and she it now in charge of the maiines,j
 and anchored under the guns of the North t
 Carolina.
 The fine steamer New Orleans, and the
 propeller Florida, were taken possession of by
 a guard of Marines, at Corlaer’s Hook, near
 the Grand-st. Ferry. The N. O. was fitted,
 1 up for a transport ship, had accomodation* foi j
 &amp;00 to 900 passengers.
 One of the returned volunteer? tells ihe
 edit, rs of the Philadelphia Ledger, that he
 and mx others from that city were promised
 1.000 “and plenty of plunder.”
 The New Orleans packet Union, with men
 |on boaxd, had already sailed, it is believed.'
 for Cuba. Whether the proceedings of our!
 District Attorney will derange operations, j
 j remains to be seen.
 The delay which has taken place in the'
 i sailing of the expedition had been caused by j
 the failure of anticipated remittances. Prob
 abiy but for ibis the vessel would have been
 i .iff before the Government was ready to arrest
 then:. Tnbvne.
 The Peace Congress.
 We last week gave a portion of the proceed
 ings at the Congress in Paris. Further ex
 tracts follow. The letter of the Archbishop
 j tif Paris was referred to. Here it is—
 “To the Members of the Congress of the
 Friends of Universal Peace.
 Paris, Aug. 17.
 j “Gentlemen—l have been profoundly touch
 cd by the visit which Messrs. De Laroche
 fouc iuld-Liancourt, Victor Hugo, Coquerel,
 and Eiihu Burritt were good enough to pay
 me, and by the letter which you have wrtten
 to me, to offer me the Presidency of the
 Congress of the Fiiends of Universal Peace.
 This, gentlemen, is an honor, the full value
 of winch feel, and for which I should never be
 able adequately toexpress mygratitude. I think
 with you, gentlemen, that war is a remnant
 of ancient barbarism; that it is accordant with
 the spirit of Christianity to desire the disap
 pearance of this formidable ecourge from the
 face of the earth, and to make strenuous ef
 forts to attain this noble and generous end.
 Perhaps, alas! the time has not yet come
 when it will be completely possible for the
 Rations to enter upon the path of peace Per
 haps war will continue for many years longer
 1« bo cruet necessity. But it is allowable, it
 is paaiseworthy, it is noble, to labor to make
 the people understand that they, as well as
 individuals, should endeavor with ihe least
 possible delay to terminate their dif
 ferences by pacific means, and that humani
 ty and civilization will have made immense
 progress on their way when an end shall
 have been put to these fratricioal contests. I
 beg you, therefore, gentlemen, to iuaenbe
 my name among those ot the friends of the
 Ptace Congress; but it causes me deep regret
 that 1 cannot, on account of my health, ac
 cept the honor which you have so kindly of
 fered tne, of presiding over you. If my phy
 sictan, who strongly urges nte to take a tnp
 into the country, to prevent my health be
 coming worse, would nevertheless consent to
 I tme put it off for a few days, and if my
 neuralgic pains were not too violent, it would
 afford me sincere pleasure to be present at
 one &lt;*f your sessions. Receive, gentlemen,
 i together with the expression of these senti
 ments,the assurance of my most distinguished
 consideration.”
 Marie Dominique Auguste,
 Archbishop of Paris.
 The well-known dissenting English der-j
 gyman, Rev. John Burnet* make a very hap
 pv bit at the outset.
 He satd he was rejoiced te sec so large an'
 assembly. This was a practical refutation of
 the slander that France and England were;
 natural enemies.
 [The whole meeting stood up and cheered. J
 The Pasteur Coquerel stood up and repeat-■
 cl tlie expressions in French, amid renewed)
 diet is. j
 Mr, Burnett resumed by saying they were
 .imural friends. It never would do lor next
 1 diKO neighbors to be enemies—it was foolish,
 .uid Franco was no fool. (Laughter.) He
 '.M uton to say that ifEengland and France
 declared against war. It would be impossi
 ble It was asked w hat did they mean to do?j
 Did they want to disarm nations, and let
 them loose on one another? By no means;
 they wanted no arms at all. What they
 wanted was arbitration, established on such)
 principles as that no nation could refuse
 to accept the award of such tribunals. He)
 made a happy allusion to the dags of different
 nations that were eutwined peacefully togeth
 or, which elicited loud cheers. In refer-!
 i tnoe to the greatness of nations, be hoped thei
 t rue u« old come when the distinction oil
 “pieat” would only apply to morals and in-1
 telligence, not to military power.
 On the third day. M. Emile de Girardin,
 the cel biated Paris editor, made a sinking
 Ei eeeh. “Soldiers of peace!” be began by
 saving, be not astonished that I so address
 you, lor there must he soldiers of peace as
 ol wa&gt;' War ts made to end m peace, why
 not have it w ithout having recourse to anna?”
 He then went on to describe the enormous
 expenses of standing armies, and especially to
 insist upon their utter uselessness for the very
 purposes they are kept for.
 No one denies, (said he) that armies are a
 1 gnat evil, and yet it was declared that it was
 impute ble to put them down. Why should
 i that be the case 1 Did not nations exist in
 foimer tmtesperfectly well without them, or
 at least with exceedingly small forces? From
 1500 in 1600, in the time of Henry IV. the
 f&lt;&gt;r. e of France amounted io not altogether
 7000 men. and yet it was with such a force
 that the military glory ol the monarch was
 achieved in 1616 the force of France waa
 240.000 men, and at present, thirty three
 years after the proclamation of peeee, the
 army was not less than 360,000 men. Thus.
 the larthet we withdraw from war the larger
 becomes ihe armed lore* of tbo country.
 Such fact is an anachronism, to na
 ti"°al the permanent misery of
 me people. (Cheers I maintain that we
 h..v« a right to say to the Government.
 Vou ha e no right to take the money of the
 P h,i in order to keep up an army of 600,000
 men; you arc r ot justified m impoverishing the
 country in order to keep up seek a fotce.”
 Mr. Cobdeo’e speech was received with
 great applause. vv« quote a passage:
 r \Vny haa France boao obliged to establish
 i excessive tariff* to eupport her trading inter
 ests? Because what she spent i&amp; emit*
 would have enabled her to escort comfort foe
 I
tb« whole oat too. The upraae of the a my
 from 1881 to 1849, has amounted to Ml tew
 then aix milliards (890,000,000.) If that earn
 bad bees applied to the public works of mm
 metre, and the promotion of the interests of
 the working classes. what a difference weald
 now ha obfombie in Franca. During the
 last thirteen year?.you and wo bate bean con
 stantly increasing oar navies, adding eor
 coast defenses, enlarging oar anenala, build
 inf new basins for steam vessels, aad con
 structing fresh harbors lor refuge. No soooer
 S is the keel of another lino of battle ship laid
 l down in your dock-yards, than forthwith fresh
 hammer* begin to resound at Portsmouth A
 new forge baa hardly begun to work at Cher
 bourg, whoa immediately ibe sparks lie seen
 to fly from fresh anvils at Plymouth, and net
 verm. The consequence ha? been that the
 cosi ot our navies has been increased fifty per
 j cent in a time of peace. My first objection
 to this is its supreme folly.; for as both coun
 j tries increase their naval strength in equal
 proportion, nettbet party baa gained soy thing
 I by the change, the only result being a pare
 waste to the amount of the augmentation. My
 next object too is to the extreme hypocrisy of
 this system; for at the very lime that all this
 increase of armament has been going on, our
 respective Governments have been exchang
 ing assurances of mutual feelings of friendship
 and good will. But my greatest objection to
 these vast armaments is, that tbey tend to ex
 cite dangerous animosities between the two
 nations, and to perpetuate fear, batrqfi and
 suspicion— passions which find their gratifica
 tion instinctively in war.
 The correspondent of the A. S. Standard
 writea—“The thing that most interested us,
 as it will your readers, was the success
 of our fnend William W. Brown in address
 ing the audience. So many are desirous to
 speak on such an occasion that an unknown
 man can hardly hope or fan opportunityjbut our
 friend's color and cause, the two very rea
 sons that would have prevented his obtain
 ing a hearing in the United States, remov
 ed all obstacles here. Our friends R. 0.
 Wchb and Cochran and many others intet
 ested themselves warmly on the occasion,
 and when he rose on the platform die gen
 eral feeling of the assembly sustained him,
 notwithstanding the efforts of the hiisser, in
 the performance of his functions to keep him;
 down, his name not being on the listof speak- 1
 era. He spoke about five minutes imid the;
 most cordial applause, having been intiodu
 ccd by M. Coquerel as a fugitive slave,j
 whose good character and abilities had cna-;
 bled him to attain his liberty and to appear i
 before them iu the character of a delegate of
 the American Peace Society. His idea was
 as follows. 1 cut the slip from the Galig‘
 nani
 Mr. William W. Brown said, that at so 1
 advanced a stage of theproceedingshe should j
 not have thought of taking up the time of the
 meeting, were it not that he desired at the
 Peace Congtess of Paris to protest against
 the existence of the war element,which con
 demned thtee million of men in the United
 States to Slavery, (Cheers.) He had been
 a slave for 20 years,’ and he could speak;
 from experience on the point. He could ut-;
 ter his sentiments with perfect freedom in
 Paris; but he could not do that in the Capi-i
 tal of the Uuited States. Were he to do so,bis
 life would be in danger. Slavery had now
 been abolished in almost every country in Eu
 rope, whilst, shameful to say, it still existed
 in America. France, in her revolutioons of
 1648, had rendered not only her inhabitants
 at homo free, but had set her slaves, in Mar
 tinique and Guadalupe at liberty. He want
 ed to have the same effect produced in the
 United Slates. That could ouly be done by
 the destruction of the element of which he
 had spoken. The dissemination of princi
 ples of peace, he firmly believed, would be
 the best means of leading to the emancipation
 of the slave population in the United States.
 (Hear, bear).
 This was instantly translated by M. Co
 querel, and received moat enthusiastically.
 J. W. C. Pennington (says the Noncon
 formist) another escaped slave, came forward.
 He fully agreed with Mr. Brown that sla
 very was a great element of war, and that
 every man of real Chr stian feelings should
 put shoulder to shoulder to get tid of such a
 curse. He was sure that with the assistance
 of that society, the advocates of the abolition
 of slavery must triumph, when universal peace
 would reign on the earth, and when no other
 sentiment would be heard or expressed than
 that of peace and good will to all men (loud
 applause).
 The rev. gentlemen on leaving the tribune
 was shaken heartily by the hand by the Abbe
 Duguerry and the Rev. M. Coquerel, and by
 the Chairman, and received the congratula
 tions of a number of other parties on the plat
 form.
 After votes of thanks had been passed, to
 the French government, the President, the
 Vice Presidents, and the Secretaries, M. Vic
 tor Hugo rose and returned thanks.
 The immense crowd then slowly left the
 building, and the last day’s sitting of the
 Peace Congress of Paris was closed at a quar
 ter past aix.
 Dismissal. —A telegraphic despatch to the
 Journal of Commerce, received on Monday
 night, slates, “the Piesident has directed that
 the French Miniater, Poussin, be informed
 that his passpoits are ready for him.” An
 important note from Poussin is the cause.
 There is a great deal of speculation as to the
 matter ef the note, and it is generally sup
 posed to have had reference to the appoint
 ment of Mr. Rives as Minister to France,
 which it is 6aid displeased the French Gov
 ernment. A difficulty has occurred, evident
 ly, between the two Governments.
 The following version of this affair, which
 has created not a little excitement, may bere
 garded as the truth:
 Some weeks since M. Poussin made up
 i on the Government at Washington a demand
 fondemnity fora French ship damaged or
 captured at Vera Cruz in the Mexican War.
 Several letters were exchanged between the
 Envoy and Mr. Clayton on the subject, in the
 course of which the former indulged in re
 marks which were deemed positively msul
 ring to our Government. In consequence ot
 this the correspondence was suspended, and a
 copy of the offensive letter was transmitted
 directly to Paris, with the expressed wish
 that he should be recalled without delay. We
 are informed that M. de Tocqueville, the
 French Minister of Foreign Affairs, replied,
 maintaining ihe same ground as that taken by
 M- Pousatn. and declining to recall him. It
 is, however, reported on the other hand, that
 no answer whatever has been received
 from Paris, bat that, after having waited
 a sufficient time in vain, the of the
 Envoy has taken place; but we have reasons
 f*»r supposing the version we have given above 4
 to be more authentic. It wa?, no doubt,
 this very matter which carried the President
 so suddenly back to Washington from bis Nor
 thern tour. W* are told that the quesrioo of
 of Mr. Rives’a reception at Paris was not in
 volved in the affair.
 Frusi (he Liberator.
 Letter from George Thompson
 W e venture to lay the following private
 letter before our rssdera, as we are tun they
 •re eager to bear directly from one for whom
 tbey cherish such strong admiration aed snai
 termble attachment—aa it is a keg him
 tbey have seen anything from his pee, sad
 w, *h lo ksow bis present views aad
 feelings—and aa his letter contains s grea'
 promise that will make all their pulses thril'
 with joyous excitement, namely, to come over
 here next year, Dto telmie, in season to ceie-t
 brate the glorious anniversary of West India]
 snunctpatios! May svery thing work pro
 pnwHJsiy to make certain the rsotcinplaiel j
 MI A wonderful change has been]
 wrought in the opinions of the people of Mae
 smhuseita. New England, ibe free Staler
 aisce his depeunre from them shores, m ref-'
 ereocs to slavery; and we osa mfoly promise 1
 hm as enthusiastic reception wbere once be,
 81
i met with acorn. eo»t«nmlT, and it fiermmt
 i persecution
 WaTMUX¥&gt; PlAtat. lx DO* i
 I Mr Dea* Gu«i«4 j# „«5
 I W. W. Brown callwt of me, ana
 placed in my hands tnw kueri&gt;ftntWuciH»tf,
 dated July iTUi. i fcarc firefi km Jhwtj
 welcome, a* I shall ever do cwy ftfieidoali
 wfeo brings with him a recommendatm from
 you. He, however, needed none. I hast;
 seen all the notices of him that haycaopeared
 in the Liberator, and base read wio deep in
 tereat the aeeooot of lhe*fawwe*kßeeting in
 Washingtonian Hall. W. W B. called
 upon me before be weel to Pap, but I was
 at the seaside with my family Am I hare re
 wired to poet you a few line by this even
 ing's mail, I hare deferred- until my letter t«*
 you ia despatched, any cc.rersation with our
 friend respecting his fetue movements. 1
 will giro him the beat ounsel in my power.
 What aid I can rende him, he may com
 mand.
 You hare, my dea Garhaon, abundant
 ground of complaint agun|t me fur my ex
 treme negligence in with you,
 but I fep confident you will nafct infer* from
 my omissions in thia reject, any declension
 in my lore for yo», tty attachment to the
 anti slavery cause. Tba work I have had to
 do baa at all limes be%i as much, and of
 ten mere, than my were adequate to,
 and 1 hare therefore left nil but necessary!
 letter writing alone.
 1 mourned m srfnpatby vhen I read nf the
 departure of your dear child Charles Pol
 len. My wounds are still fresh, made by the
 death of our dear Elizabeth; and 1 can conse
 quently weep with those who are called to
 bear the trial of seeing the desire of their
 fses taken away with a stroke.
 You did quite right in contradicting the ab
 at'd report, that I had spoken in terms of ap
 rroral of the American Colonization Society!
 nerer referred to the scheme at all in Par
 liament. Hqd I done so, either there or any
 where else, it would have been in terms of
 censure and denunciation.
 Your expectation of seeing me in the Uni-i
 ted States will not be disappointed, if we both
 live till the autumn of neat year. Should I;
 be able to act according to my present pur- J
 poses, I shall be with you to celebrate the Ist
 of August, 1850. This if God will.
 Every column of ihe Liberator is regular;
 perused, so 1 sec how the causa is going.
 If I can, I will send with this a paper, giv-
 ing an account of the Peace Congress. Ii
 was my intention to be there, bull found I
 could not conveniently attend.
 I must conclude. Offer my warmest re
 gards to all friends. I desire to be particular
 ly remembered to my dear friends Samuel J.
 May, Edmund Quincy ,Wendell Philips and
 Francis Jackson.
 Farewell! Accept the renewed assurance
 of my undiminished affection, and of my con
 stant and earnest wishes for your health, hap
 piness, and the triumph of your cause.
 Fraternally yours,
 GEO. THOMPSON.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, SEPTEMBER 28, 1849.
Letter from the Editor.
 I wrote to you last from Oswego. I hare,
 since then, visited Fulton, Pultneyville, Mt.
 Morris, and Scotsvillc. My meetings in Ful
 ton were very successful, and will doubtless
 prove of advantage to the cause. There is in
 that place a number of churches, only one of
 which is opened for anti-slavery purposes, and
 that one is the W esleyan Methodist.
 This house was fieely gtaoted to me for a
 meeting on Saturday evening, anu tw ice dur
 ing Sunday. I found the minister of this
 church to be a most devoted abolitionist, and
 highly intelligent concerning the who e anti
 slavery movement. Although a preacher to
 a Wesleyan congregation, he is thoroughly a
 free man, and wholly unshackled by secta.
 rianism. He sees clearly through the hollow
 ness and impotency of political parties, as re
 formatory instrumentalities, and looks beyond
 them, in humble faith, relying upon the power
 of truth, and the persuasion of love, to re
 deem the world from the curse of slavery and
 all kindred ills. I shall long remember my
 short interview with the Rev. Lyndon King,
 and shall rejoice in the opportunity of again
 meeting him on the anti-slavery platform.
 I had the pleasure while there of listening
 to a powerful discourse on the subject of re
 form, as connected with Christianity, from
 Mr. Mitchell, of Ogdensburgh, in which he
 nobly stood by the cause of the slave, and ex
 posed the weakness and worthlessness of the
 current religion of our land. My intercourse
 with these gentlemen afforded me a pleasure
 which I seldom experience in meeting with
 ministers of any denomination. There was
 in their manneis an absence of all ptieatly as
 sumption and domination, and they conversed
 with me in a manly way, on common ground,
 and on equal terms—a thing rather unusual
 for ministersto do.
 From Fulton I went to Red Creek, a flour
 ishing little town, about twelve miles fiom
 Oswego, whither I had been invited by a
 number of gentlemen, who called upon me at
 the hotel, and solicited me to lecture in that
 village on ray return from the east. The
 I meeting was held in the Methodist Episcopal
 Church, and was densely crowded by s class
 of intelligent looking people. In the course
 of my remarks, I requested the audience ts
 vote on three or four propositions, supported
 by mv speech. All seemed to progress well,
 until I came to the question which involves
 the Christianity of slaveholders, when a Bap.
 list minister of Red Creek arose, end wished
 to be excused from voting, on the ground that
 he believed that a slaveholder might be a
 Christian that education and habit might so
 far warp his judgment and blunt his moral
 sense, as to prevent his seeing the relation of
 master and slave to be sinful; there weTe, in
 sums esses, s aves held because they were too
 old to be emancipated. In the latter case, the
 Reverend gentleman contended that slave
 holders sustained the relation of master from
 benevolent motives; and he said that be could
 never uooseat to unchristian ae such perrons.
 I asked him to mention a single cane where a
 slaveholder found it necessary to continue a
 slaveholder in order to perform offices of be
 nevolence to his slave. He named one ease
 in Baltimore. The plea was good for nothing.:
 There is not a slaveholder in that eity bat has
 the power of emancipating his slaves, and ot
 performing towards them all the offices of
 kindness which can be suggested by the prin
 ciple of benevoleooe and he who does nor
 exercise his power to emancipate, does nor
 give the world a sufficient evidence of Chris
 tian charterer to warrant hit admission and
 fellowship into a Christian church. In respect j
 to the alleged ignorance of Cbnsuan nkro
 bolden, as to the sin of slavery, it any be
 i answered, that such ignorance, where it ex
 is, m itself, the heel evidence that the'
 i MM dretitatc of the light' tad life-giving
power of ChrauaUtf upon all who heartily
 ewhneu it. Tbo Reverend Baptist nrimslei
 makes any unoent of businaps compatible
 •Hb Christianity, by nupporaptf 'be theory,
 that a man any be a Obrnp, althoatgh he
 in the evftrjKlay robber ofsn equal brother
 manof- all hie natural (^p-gi** 0 nghta.—
 Mail monstrous and vantfitng A erttf!
 In Paltneyvtlfc, I found tbe Methodist
 Church readtlyjlbrown open for my meeting,
 and preparation for tbe occasion.
 Mr. John R Jnokla, of that place, had caused
 the notice xgrho extensively gi»en, and, as a
 consequent, a large meeting was obtained.
 A number of our frtenda from VI i Ilia arson
 were present, and did good service, by inter
 esting ihe villagers in the objects of the
 meeting.
 The anti-slavery meeting and fair at Mt.
 Morris, may be set down as htilc better Oran
 a failure. I had tbe misfortune, on ray jour
 ney thither, to be met by a man who, either
 carelessly or maliciously, or perhaps both, ran
 his ugly wagon into my carriage, and broke f
 my axletree. This accident caused me six 1
 hours' detention in repairing damages, and it
 was with difficulty that I induced the careless
 man to pay the expense incurred. Of course j
 the delay prevented my reaching Mt. Morris j
 in time for the-proposed meeting, which was j
 therefore postponed until Saturday evening.,
 Owing to this circumstance, the notice of the
 fair was too limited to secure any success.—
 The ladies, however, with rare industry and
 perseverance, succeeded, by calls, in awaken
 ing some degree of interest, and securing,
 from a few families, contributions for the re- j
 fresh me nt table. Our anti-siavery ladies of
 Rochester feel deeply indebted to Mrs. Sleep
 er for assisting them in their efforts and T,
 would also gratefully mention the names of'
 Bacon, Johnson, Bond, and Green.
 Mt. Morris is scarcely a place for any anti
 slavery enterprise of this kind. Although
 there are many benevolent persons who
 would be willing to assist, by donations, there
 are very few who would give to it their per
 sonal attention and presence. I have seldom
 been in a village where color madness is more
 rampant, and where a colored gentleman will
 meet with more rudeness. In this respect,
 that community is behind the age. The
 churches of the place are all closed against
 the anti-slavery lecturer. The people, with
 such an example before them, treat the whole
 anti-slavery movement as unworthy of their
 attention and respect. Tho trustees and
 ministers of the Methodist church deserve es
 pecial mention, since they deported them
 selves towards me in a most discreditable and
 shameful manner. On my arrival in Mt. Mor
 ris on Thursday evening, I was too late for
 the meeting advertised, and they then prof
 fered me the use of their house, and allowed
 mo to give notice for a lecture there on Sat
 uiday evening; but when that time arrived,
 instead of finding the church open, 1 learned
 from the bystanders that the trustees had or
 dered the doors to be closed against me.- On
 conduct so inhuman, unjust and false, com
 i ment is unnecessary. In ordinary business
 j life among non-professing Christians, such a
 disgraceful breach of faith would be branded
 aa it deserves to be; but unhappily such base
 ness finds securer shelter under the droppings
 of the sanctuary, than it meets on ’change.
 I held no meeting m Caledonia, as no notice
 !of my visit there had been given. The meet
 ing in Scotsville last evening was held in the
 Presbyterian Church, and was very fully at
 tended. Ample notice was given of the fair,
 j and we are at work to-day in fine spirits.
 Since the foregoing was written, the obove
 mentioned fair is concluded. The gross re
 ceipts of it amount to fifty dollars, thirty-one
 dollars of which were taken at one table.
 I ought perhaps to apologize to my East
 Bloomfield friends for delaying until now to
 notice the fair held in that place two weeks
 since. The omission was certainly not from
 a want of gratitude to the many kind friends
 in that place who contributed so generously
 and bountifully for the refreshment table, and
 who otherwise assisted on the occasioii We
 feel all the more gratified with the success at
 tending that fair, in view of the limited notice
 given of it. Tbe ladies of East Bloomfield
 were not informed of the intention to hold a
 fair until the evening previous; yet in the
 I short space of time intervening, they brought
 together a most liberal supply of delicious
 cakes, tarts, jellies, and pies of all deacrip
 j tiona. One gentleman donated a roast pig,
 j which, to all appearance, was gratefully re
 j received by tbe numerous guests who were
 I privileged with a taste of his quality,
 i A large number of friends from Canan
 daigua attended the fair, and added much to
 i the interest of the occasion. It was alto
 gether one of ths most pleasing anti-slavery
 demonstrations of the series. 1 hope that the
 Secretary of the Fair Committee will give to
 the readers of the North Star a minute ae
 i count of the Fair in her general report. The
 friends in East Bloomfield deserve the most
 favorable mention —not more for tbeir liber
 aiity in contributing to the fair, than for their
 bountiful and generous hospitality.
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 Fairer Fairs! Fain!
 The Ladies sod Friends of the Western
 J New York Anti-Slavery Society intend to
 i hold a Fair at Hooeoye Falls, on Friday
 1 Sept. 28ib, which will be preceded by a
 j meeting on the evening of the 37th intt.
 j There will also be an Anti-Slavery Fair
 j at Lock port on Friday, October sth.
 I There will be a Refreshment Table, for
 which contributions are earnestly requested.
 Cakes, Pies, Fruit, Coflee, Tea, Sugar, Ac.
 1 will be most acceptable gifts.
 Frederick Douglass will hold aa Anti-
 Slavery Meeting at each of these plants, on
 the evenings preoeding the Fsirs.
 The meetings will commence st 7 o’clock.
 Tbe energetic co-operation of the Asti
 Slavery friends in these towns is earnestly
 solicited.
 We havt slwavs thought sod said that the
 cause of emancipation is ths esuss of truth
 sod toe cause of justice, and than therefore it
 must oiumaiely prevail. We think no still,
 and so tar from tbe late elections proving
 j that this cause is dead io Kentucky, we firro
 ,iv believe that rightly considered THEY
 PROVE IT STRONGER THAN EVER.
 —Louisville Examiner
 A female owner of human beings tinted
 New bury port a few daye since wuh what she
 oalle **n piece of progeny.” The Union
 aaye the "property” naa become more par
 [tial to liberty than shivery, and hence the
 Virginia hue been deprived of her sot-
 TIMU a,
Jfaunsrtva or Htftv lh&gt;« Baeww, sh
 tafai from Motor y m a bar tkre* fast long, two
 tmle, red turn amt m kalf hsgh. Baas
 Csrmhtit, IMm. Pm* rmf*.
 What w3l not a man do for freedom’
 Slaveholders tell us tbst slaves aw cootemcd
 •ad happy. Behold tbe proof I To escape
 from that state of happiness which, according
 to the Southern doctrine, is the perfect and
 natural condition of tbe negro, we find him
 enduring all sorts of strange sod unheard-of
 hardships. At one time, he is seen, cold
 worn ont, and perishing, hiding from the
 bloodhound—biped and quadruped, in marshes
 and forests, at another time, secreting him
 nelf in tbe hold of a steam-boat in imminent
 risk of suffocation; at another, as in tbit ease
 of tbe adventurous Henry Box Brown,
 cramped up and packed away, like so much
 merchandise, in a box three feet by two.
 America has tbe melancholy honor of being
 the sole producer of auch books aa this. She
 rs so busy talking about the doctrine of human
 rights, that she has not time to pot it in prac.
 tiee. Boasting forever of bet republican in
 stitutions. where shall we find the nation that
 has less reason to boast? Shouting contin
 ually about freedom, and human equality; but
 m practice denying the existence of either.
 The narrator, commencing his story of
 wrong, says that he is not about to harrow tbe
 feelings of the reader by a terrific representation
 of the untold horrors ot Slavery. He will
 present the beautiful side of the picture,
 will relate stories of partial kindness on the
 part of his master, and of comparative enjoy
 ment on his own part. He never, during bis
 thirty years of bondage, received a whipping.
 It was not for fear of bodily torture, that he
 suffered himself to be coffined alive. Is there
 nothing besides this, in slavery, to be feared
 Henry Box Brown was born a slave iu
 Louisa couuty, V a forty-five miles from the
 city of Richmond. His mother was a reli
 gious woman, and used to instruct him in the
 principles of morality. She taught him not
 to steal and not to lio. From some other
 quaner, his youthful mind got hold of the
 idea that his master was Almighty God, and
 his young master Jesus Christ. While a
 young lad, his chief employment was waiting
 upon his, master and mistress, with, at inter
 vals, lessons in the cultivation of the planta
 tion, with the fearful apprehension hanging
 upon his mind, that the time was not far dis
 tant when he should be driven to daily toil
 beneath the rays of the scorching sun. He
 was anxious to learn the condition of the
 slaves on other plantations, and did not lose
 any opportunity of gratifying his curiosity,
 He and his brother were in the practice of
 j carrying grain to a mill twenty miles distant.
 J On one occasion, while waiting for their grain,
 j they saw a number of forlorn-looking beings
 pass, who, as they passed looked wiih aston
 ishment at the two colored persons with shoes,
 vests, and hats on. The brothers followed
 these poor creatures to their quarters, and en
 tered into conversation with them, which was
 soon cut short by the approach of the over,
 seer. They had not gone far when they
 heard their screams while suffering under the
 I lash for the erime of talking to strangers.
 Henry and his brother felt tbankfui that they
 were exempted from such terrible treatment,
 but were filled with apprehension. By and
 ibye their master died. As he was about
 I to expire, he bent for the two brothers.
 iThey ran to his bedside with beating hearts,
 i expecting to be set free. The unrepentant
 slaveholder's dyiug bequest was, ”1 have
 given you to my son William, and you must
 obey him.” After thi», he was taken to
 Richmond, to work in his young master’s
 tobacco manufactory. The overseer of this
 establishment was a bad man. He used to
 rob and cheat his employer, who never sus
 pected anything of the kind. He thought
 ,Mr. Allen was always right. This man was
 church member, and waa very devout and
 J regular in his attendance on public wotship.
 He prayed long and loudly with the pupil# in
 the Sabbath school; but was ofteo heard to
 say that he thought it all ‘‘a d d lie
 I that niggers could be converted; for they
 had no souls. Another part of hia ereed waa
 that a white man might do as he liked, pro
 -1 vided be read the Bible tad joined the church.
 As Henry grew up, he began to think
 about finding a wife and formed an aequan
 tance with a young woman named Nancy,
 i He learned to loye Nancy. Her master was
 a pious roan, and promised Henry Brown; if
 he married her, that she should never be aold.
 After their roastera had talked the matter
 I over, and given their permission, they wct#
 married. About a year after, tho pious Mr.
 Lee forgot his promise, and sold Henry’s
 wife. She now became the property of a
 saddler, one of'Dr. Plummer’s church mem
 ber*. This man’s wife used her cruelly.
 Not long after she waa again sold to a Mr.
 Cartrell, another member of Dr. Plummer’s
 church. This into induced Henry Brown to
 pay him 50,00, to assist him in the pur
 chase and jilso $50,00 a-year for har time
 and for a season all went smoothly. Bat
 soon came the erowning catastrophe. It was
 oo a pleasant morning in August 1*46 (says,
 ,Henry Brown,) I left my wife and threa
 1 little children safelv io our little home, and
 proceeded to my labor. I felt that although
 j I wae a stave, there were many alleviations
 to my cup of sorrow. 1 felt that life was not
 all a blank to me—that there were some
 pore joy* yet my portiea. 'Hist day, as he
 continues his sad story, ss tbe hour approach
 ad when he should take hia little prattling
 children on he was told that hia wife
 and smiling babes were locked in prison, and
 that to-morrow’s auo would sea them oo their
 way to the distant South. He attempted to
 panoede hia master to buy hie wife; but he
 »oold net; he tried to persuade others to do
 it, bat all in vain. Tbe neat day (be pro-
 I eteds) T static &gt;ed myself by t|ie road, aloeg
 *bieh the staves were te peso. The pur
 chaser ef my wife was a Methodist minister,
 who waa about starting for North Carolina.
 Pretty aeon five waggon-loads of little ehiUh
 r ao passed, and looking at the for*meet, I
 atw a Uule child pointing its tiny hand to
 ward# me, sad aaying “There’# mj fatbar
 h waa my ctdasa child. Seoo the gang ap
 proached la which hia wife waa that nod. Ha
 1 locked aad saw har faouhar free. He
 seised bar head, intending te hid hai farewell;
 but words foiled him. Ha arnruapami bar for
 some distinct, with bar haod elaspad in hia,
 hut could not speak, and waa compelled to
 tura sUeatly awaj.
 iw*#*
•Phi# joorxay firm slavery to freedom TL#
 ■tory is soon told. After this cruel sepirx
 two, be eould think of nothing, but how i..
 ••reps from slavery. He prayed earnest)*
 to Heaven for guidance. Tho thougot dsrt
 «d into hia mind “get a box, and put your
 self in it. He got tbe box and carried it to
 his friand who had promised to assist him,
 who inquired, when he saw ft, if ,t was to
 put hia clothes in. No, said he, it is to ptt
 Henry Brown in. Henry’afriend was aston
 ished. as wall he might be; but tpon hia in
 sisting, he finally consented The box was
 taken to the Express office, ami although di
 rected “This aide up with caie,” a was
 placed on its end so That the candidate for
 liberty started with his head downward#
 From thence was carried io the depot, M d
 tumbled roughly into the baggage wagon—
 “right aide up” this time. He was then put
 an board a steamboat,head downwards again,
 and *o remained for an hour and a half; but
 aa he had resolved on “victory or dea;h,”
 ha endured the pam of his eyes bursting
 from their sockets, with the courage of a mar
 tyr. Soon a cold sweat covered him from
 head to foot. He expected that avetv minute
 would be hia last. He prayed to God fo.-
 dehverance. He overheard one of the pas
 aengerasay to another. “We have been here
 two hours and have travelled twenty nulet
 Ist ua ait down and rest ourselves.” They
 turned oveT his box, and sat upon it. They
 wondered what the bow contained. One of
 them guessed it was the mail. On striving
 at again fell on hia head. He
 waa then rolled down a declivity, when he
 thought hta neck was dislocated by the vio
 lence of the concussion and then to add to
 his misery, he heard soma one say, “there is
 no room for this box it will have to remain
 behind,” but in a short time, directions were
 given to place it aboard. The box was
 then tumbled into the car—head downwatdi
 again. More baggage was taken in at a stop
 ping place not far on the road and the good
 Samaritan of a baggage-master placed him
 “right aide up.” The box reached Philadel
 phia at three o’clock in the morning At six
 o'clock a wagon drove up, and a voice wav
 heard inquiring for a box. It waa the box he
 wanted. They were not long in getting it
 carried to the house, where a number of per
 sons were waiting to receive it. Now is an
 anxious moment. They crowd around, doubt
 ing whether the box contains a dead body or
 a living man. At last one ventures to rap
 upon Ihe box, and with a trembling voice
 aaka—“la all right within'” To which the
 one time slave, but now freeman, replies “All
 right!” Then the box is opened, and Hen
 ry Box Brown appears, a noble specimen of
 humanit v, who ha# dared and suffered for
 freedom in such a way as was never before
 dreamed of.
 Such iv a very imperfect aketcli of this trt
 terosting Narrative. We say to all our rsa
 ders, Get the book.—i. d.
 THE NATIONAL LEAGUE.
 Meeting in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Sept. 21, 1849.
 On Thursday Evening 13th, inat. The
 third adjourned meeting convened in Btick
 Wesley Church. The audience wis large
 and respectable. And upon being called to
 order by Mr. G. W. Goinks, Chairman pro
 tem., the Committee appointed at the last
 meeting made the following report, which on
 motion waa considered and by Sections unani
 mously adopted:
 Whereas. This meeting have listened
 with much pleasure to the Communication
 aoniained in the “North Star” of 10th ult,
 purporting to be a suggestion, for the forma
 tion of a National League as an institution
 wall calculated to assist in testormg to 119 lib
 erty sod equal rights, Therefore,
 Resolved, That we cheerfully respond to
 the proposition, sympathise in the object—
 and will to tho best of our ability co-opente
 in its accomplishment.
 Resolved, That we recoguize the necessity
 and utility ol calling a National Congreta ot
 Conventional the earliest practicable moment,
 and in the moat available place, for the pur
 pose of forming the National League, having
 for its object the “Union of the oppressed for
 the sake of Freedom.”
 Resolved, That we respectfully suggest
 tbe additional article to the Constitution pro
 posed that one or more agents be employed to
 travel and lecture under the auspices of the
 institution, to form auxiliaries—collect funds
 —and secure members to the same. We
 would aJao suggest, that the place for hold
 ing tbe first Convention be designated bv s
 majority of tbe respondents remarking,
 should Philadelphia meet their approval,
 cheetfully welcome them to our city.
 Unanimously adopted and ordered to I*
 sent to the “North Star” for pubiieation. Tte
 meeting then adjourned.
 DAVID BOWSER, Chairman.
 .o*. D J. Peck, Secretary.
 Address
 To the Anti-Slavery Ladies of Great Britain »"i
 Ireland, from two English friendi
 Through the medium of the columns
 the North Star, we earnestly dewire t«
 solicit your aid and co-operation in ihe good
 Anti-Slavery cause; and we would plead
 with you more especially for assistance, 00
 behalf of the Western New York Anti-SU
 very Society.
 One of the objects of this Society s
 help to sustain the North Star newsptpcf
 which is, we believe, one of the best A*
 Slavery instrumentalities sow in operat.m
 Tbe Annual Anti-Slavery Fair ml
 held at Rochester toward* the close o the
 year and a aerie* of Anti-Slavery l air
 now being held in the towns and village u
 Western New York; consequently the* a
 an unusual demand for useful and fancy sit;-
 cles. We earnestly entreat our Bd-* 6
 friends to send us renewed help 10 thf» l)
 of contributions
 To our London friends, and to those
 Birmingham, Coventry, Leicester, L* s
 Sunderland and Bristol, we would
 that they forward their contribution*, hr
 third week in October, to Mim Carpeotr,
 Bristol, who has this yeat kindly conse'-'”-
 to forward the London box.
 To the friends in Carlisle and MnnebnU*.
 who sent boxes to Rochester U»» yea,
 j renew 001 appeal, hoping and bel.enni tb*
 they will continue to give u# ihnr »id
 we uual that the Friends in NewcaaßM 1
 Tyae, Northampton, Cofebrookdaie, Ul
 borgh, Belfast, aad Cork, who then
 them to thia good work, will testify, o
 present oeearioa, that they are not we/y
 well-doing.”
 L m uxu
"
