"Pottru-
From the Pwp**’*
 THE SEVEN ANGELS OF THE RE.
 tIAUI* MACKAT.
 Know’ll d&gt;on noI ihr woadrow lyre’
 It, at riugs extend from earth to beaten.
 And erermore the nnfehi neren,
 W ith flowit»f (infer* tipped m ire,
 Draw from the eborde ceicntial tone*,
 That peal in harmonies through alt the sUrnr tone* j
 An angel with a pensive face
 Sita at the key-note erermore;
 Not and, a* If a pang the bore,
 Bat radiant with aopenml grace;
 Her name ia Sorrow when the ainga,
 The woadrona Lyra re*pond« in ah it* golden
 brings
 The second breathe* in harmonic*,
 A rainbow it her diadem,
 And on her braaat the wear* a gem,
 '1 hat trickled from Contrition’* eye#
 Her name ii Sr nr atht; her teara,
 Falling upon the Lyra, make muaic in the aphere*.
 The third ia beautiful aa ahe,
 Unfading (lower* her brow adorn,
 And from her smile a ray is born,
 That look* into Eternity:
 Her name ia Hope; to hear her voice.
 Belted Orion sings, aod all the stars rejoice.
 The fourth, with eye* of earnest ken,
 S?ur»eys the houndkcM universe,
 While her ecstatic lips rehearse
 The promises of God to men:
 Her name is Faith; her mighty chord
 Reverberates through space the glories of the Lord.
 The fifth is robed in spotless white,
 And from die beating of her heart,
 Such heavenly corusrations start,
 As clothe the universe with light:
 Her name is Lora; when she preludes,
 The constellations thiob in all their multitude*.
 The sixth inhales perpetual morn;
 Far through the bright Infinitude
 She sees beyond the present good,
 The better destined to be born;
 Her name is Aspiration; ever
 She sing* the might of Will, the beauty of En
 deavor.
 Crown and completion of the seven,
 Rapt Adoration sits alone,
 She wakes the Lyre’s divinest tone—
 It touches earth—it dwells in heaven;
 All life and nature join her hymn;
 Man and the rolling w orlds, and choirs of cherubim.
 Know’st thou that Lyre! If through thy soul
 Th’ immortal music never ran,
 Thou art but outwardly a man;
 Thou art not pure—thou art not whole—
 A faculty within thee sleeps,
 Death-like,ensepultured, in dim, unfathomed deeps.
 Oh suffering spirit, hear and soar?
 The angel* wave their golden wings,
 And strike the seven celestial strings,
 To give thee joy for evermore;
 Ascend exulting from the sod,
 And join, thou happy soul, llie harmonies of God.
 From the Pittsburgh Saturday Visiter.
 A SKETCH.
 BY CELIA.
 Nay, do not smile at my humble gilt,
 For it hath a hidden lore,
 And a lesson thou dream’si not of is traced
 In the sketch thou art glancing o’er.
 Long years ago, in her silent room,
 A school-girl sat and wept;
 While loud without, with an angry shout,
 The storm its revel kept;
 ’Twas the Autumn time, when the wind had
 words.
 The warm heart’s blood to freeze;
 A* with plaintive tone, and a death-like moan,
 It Hed through the leafless trees.
 The school-girl sat, and before her lay
 A drawing, nearly done;
 And still site wept, wh.le around her crept
 Sad fancies one by one.
 In soothe, she had good cause to weep,
 For she was poor and lone;
 And the world was cold,and her heart grown old,
 Beneath its withering tone.
 And now, as the wind went whistling by,
 To her it seemed lo tell
 Of future years, whose burning tears
 Upon her spirit fell;
 A shadowy pull o’er all was flung,
 No sunbeam lit the ?ky,
 But flashing there, with dreadful glare,
 The lightning darted by.
 While still her eyes with tears were dim,
 They chanced some way to fall,
 With a caieless look on her drawing book,
 And the sketch unheeded all;
 And as she looked, from her pale young brow
 The shadow of weeping fled,
 And a quick bright smile to her lip the while,
 Like a herald of gladnesß sped.
 Twas a quiet scene in the hush of night,
 And a ruin old and grey,
 While calm and still, ’mid vale and hill,
 A lake unruffled lay.
 And nestling down ’mid sheltering trees,
 Peeped forth a quiet home,
 While o’er the scene a silvery sltcen
 Of light the moon bad flung;
 The gentle moon, whose loving smile
 Lay soft on vale and hill,
 Aye, kindly lay on ruins gray,
 And made them cheery still;
 It whispered hope to that young heart,
 A hope for coming years
 Of one on high, whose watchful eye
 Had inaiked her burning tears.
 Ai d that His smile would light her way
 Where’er her pathway led;
 And gild the hall of memory ’s wall,
 When youthful dreams were fled;
 And often since, wheu clouds of care
 Hung daikly o’er her wav,
 Thnt ru _ ned pile and midnight smile,
 Have cheered the saddest day.
 Ami »&gt;w l give Use sketch to thee—
 It hath a tnagi c spell;
 A whispered tone to thee alone,
 Oh list and heed it well!
 And as tby years glide tlowly on,
 And youth a ruin stands,
 Still may this scene a herald seem
 Of higher, fairer laud*.
 The moonlight aye shall speak of One
 Whose smile is o’er tliee still,
 Whose eye each day hath nuuked tby wav&gt;
 And shielded thee from ill
 SONNET.
 ,BY R. S. CHILTON.
 On ike Invasto* of Hurut 6 V tki Frnuk.
 Where weri thou, Freedom, that ikon didst not stay
 The coward arm that dared u&gt; strike at Rome!
 Could not her woe-worn face bring back the day
 When her Eternal City was thy home?
 Inglorious siege! and France,too, struck the blow*
 Welding the chains herself had jmrt cast off,
 To bind the limbs that struggled to o’rrthrow
 The foe she vanquished’-- France' the wide
 world’s scoff
 Wbnh thou become (or (his; the laurel-crown
 Shall wither on thy brow; and Italy,
 Groaning beneath ibj heel, w ill yet be free
 For ia flic ashes of her old renown
 The fire yet lives, though smothered, whose clear
 flame
 Shall light her glory aod reveal ty hahaase
0 elections.
THE DEAD A LITE,
 The subjoined narrative, published
 originally in Chambers’ Journal, is
 stated to be translated from a foreign
 newspaper. It is necessary to remind
 the reader, that the island of Mauritius,
 appertaining at this day to the English,
 was originally colonized by the French,
 and that the population yet consists, in
 a great measure, of persons of that na- 1
 lion, to whom, by a formal treaty be-!
 tween the |&gt;owera concerned, their an
 cient laws and uauages were preserved
 without any material alterations.
 About ten or twelve months ago, the
 Sieur Clodomir Frenois, a rich mer-1
 chant of the island, was found dead and
 frightfully disfigured in his own habits-'
 tion. His body was discovered lying
 on the floor, with the head and face
 mutilated by a pistol, and all doubt as
 to the cause of the catastrophe was dis
 pelled by the discovery of the fatal
 weapon by the aide of the corpse, as
 also of a paper in the handwriting of
 the deceased. This paper contained
 the following words:—
 ”1 am ruined !—a villain has robbed
 me of twenty-five thousand livres ster
 ling; dishonor must be my portion, and
 1 cannot survive it. I leave to my wife
 the task of distributing among my
 creditors the means which'remain to
 us; and I pray that God, my friends,
 and my enemies, may pardon my self
 destruction! Vet another minute and
 I shall be in eternity?
 (Signed) Clodomir Frenois.”
 Great was the consternation caused
 by this tragic event, which was the
 more unexpected, as the loss alluded to
 in the note had never been made pub
 lic. The deceased had been held in
 great esteem over the colony, as a man
 of strict honor and probity, and was
 universally lamented. His attached
 widow, after endeavoring faithfully to
 fulfil his last wishes, found her grief
 too overpowering to permit her to min
 gle longer with the world, and took the
 resolution to consecrate her remaining
 days to the services of religion. Two
 months after the sad end of her husb
 and, she entered a convent, leaving to
 a nephew of the late merchant, a physi
 cian, the charge of completing the
 j d.stribution of the effects of Freuois a
 mong his creditors.
 A minute examination of the papers
 of the defunct led to the discovery of
 the period at which the unfortunate
 merchant had been robbed; and this
 period was found to correspond with
 the date of the disappearance ofn man
 named John Moon, long in the employ
 ment of Frenois. Of this man, on
 whom suspicion not unnaturally fell,
 nothing could be learned on inquiry;
 but, shortly after the division of the
 late merchant’s property, Moon re-ap
 peared in the colony. When taken up
 and examined respecting the cause of
 his flight, he stated that he had been
 sent by his master to France to recover
 certain sums due to the merchant there,
 in which mission he had been unsuc
 cessful; and he further averred, that,
 I if Clodomir Frenois, ia his eviuting
 correspondence, had thrown any injuri
 ous suspicions upon him (Moon,) the
 whole was but a pretext to account for
 1 deficiencies of which the merchant him
 self was the sole cause and author.
 This declaration, made by a man who
 seemed to fear no inquiry, and whose
 worldly circumstances remained to ap
 -1 pearance the same as they had ever
 been, had the effect of silencing, if it
 did not satisfy, the examinators; and
 the affair soon fell, in a great measure,
 out of the public recollection.
 Things remained for a short time in
 this condition, when one morning, Mr.
 j William Burnett, principal creditor of
 the late Clodomir Frenois, heard a
 i knocking at his gate at a very early
 hour. He called up one of his servants,
 who went down and opened the door,
 and immediately returned with the in
 telligence, that a stranger, who seemed
 desirous of keeping his person conceal
 ed, wished to speak with Mr Burnett
 in private. Mr. Burnett rose, threw
 1 on his dressing gown, and descended
 to the parlor. He saw there a stranger,
 of tall person, seated in an easy and
 familiar attitude upon a sofa, with a
 number of the Morning Post in his
 hand. The back of the visitor was
 turned to Mr Burnett as he entered.
 Rather surprised to see a stranger con
 i duct himselfso like an old friend of the
 house, Mr. Burnett said aloud, “Sir,
 may 1 beg to know your business with
 me?”
 The stranger turned round and ad
 vanced to salute his host warmly and
 courteously. Mr. Burnett started back,
 and uttered a loud exclamation of sur
 prise and alarm. Well he might; for
 before his eyes stood his friend and
 debtor, Clodomir Frenois, whom he
 had beheld, nearly a year before, a
 mutilated corpse, and whom he himsell
 had followed to the grave!
 What passed at that interview, be
 tween Mr. Burnett and his strange
 visitor, remained a secret. Mr. Bur
 nett was observed to issue several
 times, pale and agitated, from his dwel
 ling, and to visit the magittrate charged
 with the conduct of the criminal pro
 cesses of the colony. In the course of
 that day, while John Moon was regal
 ing himself with tea under the palm
 trees in his garden, along with a Cir
 cassian female whom he hsd bought
 some-time previously, he was arrested
 and taken to prison by the officers of
 justice. On the following day he was
 brought before the criminal court, ac
 cused of robbing the late Coldomir
 F renois, the crime being conjoined with
 breach of trust and violence. Moon
 smiled at the charge with all the confi
 dence ol a roan who had nothing to
 f car The judge having demanded of
 him it he confessed the crime, the ac
 cused replied that the charge was alto
 gether absurd; that clear testimony was
 necessary to fit such a derelict upon
 him; and that, so far from there being
 ■ny such evidence producable, neither
 e widow of the deceased, nor any one
 I person m his service, had ever heard
 the pretended robbery even once men
 tioned by Frenois during his life.
 ou *hen affirm your inno
 ceace/ repwud ih. JBdg
 after hearing all that the other bid to
 say.
 “I will avouch my innocence," re
 plied Mood, "oven before the body of
my late muter, if that ha accessary
 (Such a thing often took place under
 the old colonial law.)
 "John Moon,,’ said the judge, in
 voice broken by some peculiar emotion,
 “It is before your late master that you
 trill bare to assert your innocence, and
 may God make the troth appear!"
 from the judge accompanied
 the words, and immediately a door
 opened, and Clodomir Frenois, the
 supposed suicide, entered the court.
 He advanced to the bar with a slow
 and deliberate step, haring his eye
 calmly but sternly fixed on the prison
 er, his servant. A great sensation was
 caused in the court by his appearance.
 Uttering shrieks of alarm and horror,
 the females present fled from the spot.
 The accused fell on his knees in abject
 terror, and shuddering confessed his
 guilt. For a time no voice was heard
 but his. However, as it became appa
 rent that a living man stood before the
 court, the advocate for the prisoner
 gained courage to speak. He demand
 ed that the identity of the merchant be
 established, and the mystery of bis ex
 istence be explained. He said that
 the court should not be biased by what
 might prove to be a mere accidental
 likeness betweeu a person living and
 one deceased; and that such an avowal
 as that of the prisoner, extracted in a
 moment of extraordinary terror, was
 not to be held of much weight.
 “Before being admitted here as an
 accuser or witness," continued the
 advocate, addressing the resuscitated
 merchant, “prove who and what you
 are, and disclose by what chance the
 tomb, which so lately received your
 body, mangled with bullets, has given
 up its tenant, and restored you to the
 world in life and health."
 This firm appeal of the advocate,
 who continued steadfast to his duty un
 der circumstances that would have
 closed the lips of most men, called forth
 the following narrative from Clodomir
 Frenois:—
 “My story may soon be told, and
 will suffice to establish my identity.
 When I discovered the robbery com
 mitted by the accused, he had then fled
 from the Island, and I speedily saw
 that all attempts to retake him would
 prove fruitless. I saw ruin and dis
 grace before me, and came to the reso
 lution of terminating my life before the
 evil day caine. On the night in which
 this determination was formed, I was
 seated alone in my private chamber. I
 had written the letter which was found
 on my table, and had loaded my pistol.
 This done, I prayed for forgiveness
 from my Maker for the act that I was
 about to commit. The end of the pis
 tol was at my head, and my finger on
 the lock, when a knock at the outei
 door of the house startled me. I con
 cealed my weapon, and went to the
 door. A man entered whom I recog
 nized to be the sextou of the parish in
 which I lived. He bore a sack on his
 shoulder, and in it the body of a man
 newly buried, which was destined foi
 my nephew, the physician, then living
 with me. The scarcity of bodies foi
 dissection, as the court is aware, com
 pels those who are anxious to acquire
 skill in the medical profession to pro
 j cure them by any possible means. The
 sexton was at first alarmed at having
 met me. “Did my nephew request
 you to bring this body?" said I. “N 0
 replied the man; “but I know his
 anxiety to obtain one for dissection,
 and took it upon me to offer him this
 body. For mercy’s sake," continued
 the sexton, “do not betray me, sir, or I
 shall lose my situation and my family’s
 bread.”
 “While the man was thus speaking,
 a strange idea entered my mind, and
 brought to my despairing bosom hopes
 of continued life aud honor. I stood
 for a few moments absorbed in thought,
 and ts.en recollecting myself, I gave
 two pieces of gold to the resurrection
 ist, the sum which he had expected.
 Telling him to keep his own counsel,
 and that all would be well, I sent him
 away, and carried the body to my cabi
 j net. The whole of the household had
 been sent out of the way on purpose,
 and I had time to carry into execution
 the plan which had struck me. The
 i body was fortunately of the same stat
 ure as myself, and like me in complex
 kin. I knew the man; he had oeen a
 poor offender, abandoned by his fami
 ,y'
 “Poor relic of mortality!" said I,
 with tears in my eyes, “nothing which
 man may do can now injure thee; yet
 pardon me if I rudely disfigure thy life
 less substance. It is to prevent the
 ruin of not one, but twenty families!
 And should success attend my attempt,
 I swear that thy children shall be my
 children; and, when my hour comes,
 we shall rest together in the tomb to
 which thou sbalt be borne before
 me
 At this portion of the merchant's
 1 narrative the most lively interest was
 excited in the court, aud testified even
 by tears from many of the audience.
 Frenois thus proceeded:
 “I then stripped off my clothes, and
 dressed the body in them. This ac
 complished, I then took up the pistol,
 and with a hand more reluctant than
 when I applied it to my own person, I
 fired it close to the head ofthedeceas
 ed, and at once caused such a dis
 figurement as rendered it impossible
 fur the keenest eye to detect the sub
 stitution which had been made.
 “Choosing the plainest habit I could
 get, I then dressed myself anew,
 shaved off the whiskers which I was
 accustomed to wear, and took other
 means to alter and disguise my appear
 ance, in case of being subjected by any
 accident to the risk of betrayal. Next
 morning saw me on b oard a French
 vessel, on my way to a distant land—
 the native country of my ancestors.
 The expectations which had Jed me to
 the execution of this scheme were not
 disappointed. 1 knew John Moon was
 the man who had robbed me, and who
 now mauds at the bar of this court,
 and that he had formed connections in
 this island, which would in all proba
 bility! bring him back to it as soon as
 the nteliigence of my death gave him
 the promise o! security. In this I have
 not been disappointed. I have been
 equally fortunate in other respects.
 While my unworthy servant remained
 here in imaginary safety, I have been
 successful in discovering the quarter in
 which, not daring at first to betray tbs
 appearance of wealth, be bad lodged
the whole of the itoleo money. I here,
 brought it with me y and alio sufficient
 proofs, supposing his confession of this
 day to be set aside altogether, tq con
 vict him of the crime with which he
 stands charged. By the same means,
 continued Ciodomir Frenoia with a de
 gree of honorable pride, in which all
 who heard him sympathized, “will I be i
 enabled to restore my family to their
 place in society, and to redeem tbe
 credit of a name on which no blot was
 left by those who bore it before me,
 and which, please God, I shall transmitj
 unstained to my children, and my
 children’s children.”
 John Moon, whose guilt was thus
 suddenly and strangely laid bare to the
 world, did not retract the confession
 which he had made in the extremity of
 his terror; and without separating, the
 court sentenced him to confinement for
 life in the prison of the colony.
 The news of Ciodomir Frenois’s re-!
 appearance spread rapidly, and the
 high esteem in which his character was
 held, led to an universal rejoicing on
 the occasion. He was accompanied
 from the court to his home by a dense
 multitude, who welcomed him with pro
 long* d shouts. It would be in vain to
 attempt any description of tbe feelings
 of the wife who thus saw restored to
 her tbe beloved for whose sake she had
 quitted the world. She was released
 from her ecclesiastical vows, and re
 joined her husband, no more to part till
 the grave really claimed one or the
 other of them as its due.
WATERLOO-BEFORE AND AFTER.
 We were forcibly struck lately,
 (says the Knickerbocker,) in reading
 Dutnas’ “Shores of the Rhine,” by his
 contrasted picture of “Napoleon going
 to and returning from Waterloo.” The
 two scenes are worthy the pencil of
 Delaroche:
 “We saw two coaches approaching,
 galloping each with six horses. They
 disappeared for an instant in a valley,
 then rose again at a quarter of a
 league’s distance from us. Then we
 set off running towards the tow n crying
 il L'£mptreur! L'Empereur We
 arrived breathless, and only preceded
 the Emperor by some five hundred
 paces. 1 thought he would not stop,
 whatever might be the crowd awaiting
 him, and so made for the post-house,
 when 1 sunk down half dead with run
 ning; but at any rate I was there. In
 a moment appeared, turning the corner
 of a street, the foaming horses; then
 the postilions all covered with ribbons;
 then the carriages themselves; then the
 people following the carriages. The
 carriages stopped at the post. I saw
 Napoleon! He was dressed in a green
 coat, with little epaulettes, and wore
 the officer’s cross of the legion of hon
 or. I only saw his bust framed in the
 square of the carriage window. His
 head fell upon his chest—that famous
 medallic head of the old Roman Emper
 ors.—His forehead fell forward; his
 features, immoveable, were of the
 yellowish color of wax; only his eyes
 appeared to be alive. Next him, on
 his left, was prince Jerome, a king
 without a kingdom, but a faithful broth
 er. He was at that lime a fine looking
 young man of six-and-twenty or thirty
 years of age, his features regular and
 well formed, his beard black, his hair
 elegantly arranged. He saluted in
 place of his brother, whose vague
 glance seemed lost in the future—per
 haps in the past. Opposite the Emper
 or, was Letort, his aid-de-camp, an
 ardent soldier, who seemed already to
 snuff the air of battle; he was smiling,
 too, the poor fellow, as if he had long
 days to live. All this lasted for about
 a minute. Then the whip cracked, the
 horses neighed, and it all disappeared
 like a vision.
“Three days afterwards, toward
 evening, some people arrived from St.
 Quentin, they said that as they came
 up they heard a cannon. The morning
 of the l?th a courier arrived who scat
 tered all along the road the news of the
 victory. The eighteenth nothing. The
 nineteenth nothing; only vague rumors
 were abroad, coming no one knew
 whence. It was said that the Emperor
 was at Brussels. The twentieth three
 men in rags, two wounded, and riding
 jaded horses covered with foam, enter
 ed the town, and were instantly sur
 rounded by the whole population, and
 pushed into the courtyard of the town
 house. These men hardly spoke
 French. They were, 1 believe, West
 phalians, belonging some how to the
 army.
 Toall our questions they shook their
 heads sadly, and ended by confessing
 that they had quitted the held of battle
 of Waterloo at eight o’clock, and that
 the battle was lost when they came
 away. It was the advance guard of
 the fugitives. We would not believe
 them. We said these men were Prus
 sian spies. Napoleon could not be
 beaten! That fine army which wg had
 seen pass could not be destroyed. We
 wanted to put the poor fellows into pris
 on, so quickly had we forgotten ’lB and
 ’l5, to remember the years which had
 {'one before? My mother ran to the
 ort, where she passed the whole day,
 knowing it was there the news mtlst ar
 rive, whatever it were. During this
 time I looked out in the maps for Wa
 terloo, the name of which even I could
 not find, and began to think the place
 imaginary, as were the men’s account
 of the battle.
 “At 4 o’clock, more fugitives arrived
 who confirmed the news of the first
 comers. These were French, and
 could give all the details we asked for.
 They repeated what the others bad
 said, only adding that Napoleon and
 his brother were killed. This we would 1
 not believe—invulnerable he certainly
 was. Fresh news, more terrible and
 disastrous, continued to come in uutil
 ten o’clock at night.
 “At tea o’clock at night we heard
 tha noise of a carriage. It stopped,
 and the Postmaster went oat with a
 light. We followed him as he ran to
 the door to ask for news. Then he
 ■tepped one step back, and cried, It’s
 the Emperor! 1 got on a stone bench,
 end looked over my mother’s shoulder!
 It waa indeed Napoleon; seated in the
 •ame corner, in the same uniform, his
 head oa his breast as before.
A Black Bishop. —A black Epiaeopal
 Bishop it soon to be ordatocd to EogiauJ,
 tad tost to Afoot.
3Umerti«emrnt9.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 ELECTRICITY hydropathy.
 THE nan nut principle* ofOrtiarna* Efaetricity,
 the dim. Terr of which by the undersigned, has
 opened so widen field for scientific and physiological
 iarr«ti|atMa t though ridkaU aad apposed at its
 first imrrarnl in 1844, by medical aad pudee
 •nHjimwific —a, being aomsastsiaed by aaiiaiiat
 mea of philosophic and scientific knowledge, aad by
 the expert*are aad testimony of thousands, who have
 •rated hi* theory by eammtamioas in their owe cams,
 the undersigned tt confident that thia priori tie of
 natural and phvsiological law, aeeda owlv to be un
 derstood to be'joathr appreciated by an iateliifent
 and ißTettiealißf public.
 SwtaineU bv such testimony, aad more than fire
 yean’ practical eaperieace as a Diagnpsian and Hy
 dropathist, the undersigned would here repeat the
 conulusiou* at which K baa arrived by the sense of
 touch. l*t. That the baman body, in a healthy
 condition, is ia a ynitii» rltctncml state, 2d. That
 there are electrical emaaatioas from the entidar
 surface, indicative of health, or the naive aad
 symptoms of diaeaee. 3d.,That ia all cases where
 the wrist, stomach, nr hmf&gt;, are in an electro-posi
 tive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of a
 core; bat when the ports of the body alluded to are
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy caa afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of bis practice already Con
 vinced the public of the truthfulness of the principles
 by which (he undersigned is governed, in detecting
 the natnre and symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical aad scientific demonstration of their cor
 rectness, by *Profe*sor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Heramer, of England, and the facts and corrobora
 tive testimony adduced by !&gt;r. Forbes, Mr. Smee,
 and others, should be mft'rieut to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a I iagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced hy those whom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by Iris orrgmal and piulusiopkteal method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensouville, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from tlie centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate balhiug and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 fiurposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other estab
 ishment in this country. A new and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, will accommodate from SO
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity ia
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa
 tients to enjoy their rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaipt, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels,
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, tc
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an uni'
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Terms.—For treatment and board from $550 tc
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors
 $9 00—with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone or
 the third floor, $8 50—with room-mate, $5 50
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in theii
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnisl
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in stating their last
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID KUGGLES.
 Northampton, Maos., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 alway s be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither. That the sick and nervous
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 in the evening train are requested to take lodgings
 at a hotel.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, which
 is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ng off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Heromer ol
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action eusues.”
 See address delivered before the Medical College of
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor ol
 Cheiqistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science in Einory College, Ga., page 25
 Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and For
 eign Medical Review, in an able article on the con
 dition and function of the skin, says: '‘Perhaps
 there is scarcely any disease in which tlie func
 tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged.
 I'o what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they been accustomed
 to give much attention to this part, in the practical
 investigation of diseases. Physiology
 teaches us that it is the vehicle for conveying out
 -of the system a large amount of matter, as well solid
 as liouid; and practical experience exhibits it as
 the channel through which the mat tries nwrbt in
 many instances, and the burthen of plethora gene
 rally, find their exit,”
 The London Sun, alluding to the discovery of
 voltaic electricity by-Alfred Smee, Surgeon to the
 I Bank of England, says: “By a test which lie terms
 electro-voltaic, he has satisfied himself that tlie ter
 -1 oiinatoins of the sensor nerve* are positive poles of
 1 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is lb
 negative pole. Tlie seosor nerves are tlie telegraphs
 j which carry tlie sensation to the brain, and the motor
 nerves carry hack the volition to tlie muscles.” See
 N. Y. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Hollick, on the subject of electricity, remarks:
 I There is no agent that affects the body more, both
 naturally and artificially.” See his work on Neu
 ropathy, published in Philadelphia in 1847, p. 127.
 Tlie following extract is from an interesting arti
 cle on electricity, copied by the N. Y. Journal of;
 Commerce from a foreign Scientific 1 eview: “I l
 do not pretend to say that a deficiency of electricity I
 may not occur in one part of the huiu--u body, and
 lan excess in some other part, for a time, and that
 tills may not be the cause of disease, and the re*to-1
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; I think this most:
 1 likely, and that it ia upon this principle, in a great
 measure, that the wonderful elects of electCt -mag
 netism, ia the cure of disease, are to be explained.
 I It ia certaio that, when our electrical machines are
 i most actively productive, we all feel most vigorous.
 Our nervous systems are then most firm: our diges
 ive organs most active; oar mind* most clear.”
Asylum for the Hick who have been coa
 ftaedl to their beds froas 1 to 20 yean.
 £|R. HAMILTON'S Hydropsthic and Anyalytic
 'Aiylum, No 217 Ezchange Street, opposite tbe
 pt»« Asylum, Rochester, N.V. Thin Institution
 is DOW firmly established ud in successful opera*
 tioa. The proprietor analyzes every diseas r bat ia
 admitted there, and applies the aataral and appro*
 priate rrm»iy. Although water ia uaed in every way
 that is applied ia any water*cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 eapvesalj oadentood that U u aot relied oa as the «s/y
 •r principal temedj ia the treatment of disease sub.
 mitted to hie care.
 This Establishment is designed for dot dam of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by ail
 otbar systems of practice, and are still enable to
 walk or stand oa their fret, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing oat n life of misery and ariferiag with
 oat any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made aae of ia this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease bat give increased
 •treaeth and elasticity to tha system. Many have
 beta brought here from difa ciit pert* of the cow
 try, nbn bad neither walked or borne their weight
 oathetr feat from five to fifteen years; and son*
 w have been enable to dress «r undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the coarse of a few weeks
 woaid ha waiting with tha elasticity of yonth and
 the quicksets of a pedestrian, astonished at them*
 •elves, sad surprising their friends and afl who saw
 them whan they firm earns. The treatment of this
 Institution is narttawferty nlrahtod to remove the
 disease spraaliar fc—tm, each as
 lm. The feUiag of the Womb, ia all its stages
 and eanditiijas ia patterns, from twelve years of age
 ytosouy.aad even if they bays bees confined fo
 bads from on to twenty, naable to stand, walk,
 dress, or aadress or owea too feeble
 bear any aotse os speak aland.
 P-?—* kver Chmplaiau, Staking Tframtim a
iirfam, BmwH «f Mm Nnmi, Eumin
 MtHiwtwi, Wtow, sil fim*»Diie««w,Coir
 Feet tad Iliad*, St. Anthony's Duet, Tetter* el
 •H kiadt, Sfak Rknu, ie it* wo*at form*, NenraL
 Tie Deeloeren, Rbewatfam, Cun—titiod in
 it* first stages, Geeeral Weakness aad Dehility.
 The proprittes has firraa his whale attention to
 the abuse diseases far the last tea years, sad has
 treated these in aa entirety different way from aey
 other private practice or pabkc 'lnstitution ie this
 country; aad sach has hm his saeeess, aad so eer
 taia are his wwdiei in their edfacts on these dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cure*, he wishes to give that class of invalid*
 seeking to obtain their he Ah a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that ao oaa need be to any
 expense ia this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will eater into a special routine,
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institntiae, to advance the money ami
 Ky all the expenses from any part of the United
 ■lies here and hack home again, before be couh
 meaces the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 togethei with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help then according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against miaiopt escalation* aad expense
 without receiving equal benefit, cat, let the proprie
 tor know what wiL be satisfactory, nod it shall be
 duty co. sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the infloence of timee who have been helped
 here,'as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsrl.
 by its owu merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a conf act in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, becaius
 they must soon be believed; but to let it he moi
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid'
 that liave* spent hundreds of dollars ia trying at
 other systems of practice, and without much or an}
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds freu
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institutioi
 whose treatment is different from any other one tla
 United States, and is particularly adapted to tbeii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing units!
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution
 the number ofpatients roust be limited, therefore tte
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight aix
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by othei
 systems of practice; nor does be want any one t&lt;
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willinj
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twent’
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day ii
 succession; arid also willing to be made able to' en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of peopk
 that call themselves well, aa he means that ever
 one that goes through a thorough course oftreatmen
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness o
 texture, capability of endurance, and improve*
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, am
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference wil
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibilit
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,'
 required.
Halstet’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
 and Water-Cure Establishment,
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment porsued at this Institution, who
 could not find r« lief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have bad renewed hope and courage when lliey have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVA'I URF-S,
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms oi almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—ns I)YS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF .THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 -IIAL INSaNII Y, and a host of otiier diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cvrp—to such
 sufferers we would say, we ore curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 \V e are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments' j yet 1
 we do not rety selety upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,'
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary'
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing, j
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willin'*
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of otliers. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railrpad, who bad not walked for years. 'These
 ladi&gt; s have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such u our knowledge and confidence in tku unpar-'
 altlled treatment for all long etandmg or Chronic die 1
 eates, of whatever ktnd or nature, that we Will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We well enter into a special written agreement with
 such at desire a, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 gwe them our professional services, free of chargt, if\
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 Imped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend their money!
 without benefit, and that no false statement* or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operands of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution. 1
 The most helpless and feeble casts, who have been con
 fisud for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go up
 and down stairs m 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 uslhout fear or trouble m regard to then original dif
 ficulty. To produce tku almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient u subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 m every instance a speedy curs u performed. If an o'
 douUs let them seUct the mS trying and dZ
 cult earn they can find, and test our veracity and sJuli.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about oar
 sy stem of treatment far Lvno diseases or any other
 difkcuky can address us [post puulj and we will
 send them an account of the Institution— Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free of
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the. city ami country.
 P. 8 Our room is noted, there*** w« want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to H alstxd
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 f jM,
 References —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. T. j
“E?ery Hu his ova PkyslcUa,”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 lor every fiunily ia the country, and one that may
 be roa suited with perfect safety. As iu title page
 indicates, it ia “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms sad treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of tbe system while in
 health, and rules lor preserving that stale. Appen*
 dedto which are recipes for making various usedi*
 dam and entries for diet for tbe sick room. The
 whole written for general use and daily practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D."
 a*
 to their varieties,description,
 ■cdscal properties and donee, use, tune of gathering
 sad many other directions very ueefid for every fam
 uy to know, mad written expressly far family me
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Am tUr M*d
 wUI (x^rliiUto
 —sired lafewmatioa wanted for general me.”
 The two bosks are pm np and bound locate swd
 contoia 200 page*. prE* 2 seats,«,
 at 12| cents.
 The symptoms of each disease araeanfallv a Ivm.
 an teat one may be recogaiaad frommS!sr\® i*
 Sm*. o
The hook has been written with great care, in
 dsss*o«niy*eTerf perjoa, and practical
 •maamta thorough botanist We can recommend
 i&lt; wtdi entire conMewre. a* being a *tq»
 iaaNrasMeu to any other book of the kind c». r
 IteNfehed st the price.
 Fswobs* m the country, and especially those h*.
 *1 eoas.tr*-* »mf unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at sll limr* at
 10 r *uT ,K they might thereby fa
 sume simple remedy save an einruM** and protmc
 better well or sick, such a hook
 should he in every ho**, a. am wre *dviww
 in time of aeed, Ihr (iirfciio# given tor penu.n* jr»
 health cannot he too rtriciH aties fed bv all.
 The price at which the book is sold fa *o low tfcr
 erery family muy hare a copy, and none steuki Ie
 without it.
 The book i* put up in Paper l ining, xml can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage oaty cent* to i,a\
 mart of the United Skates.
 (0- Any person sending us one dollar t v m*,', t(Hi
 pndpayinf pontage on the letter, »hui fe.vc tour
 copies seat him/"* postage.
 Semi in your orders*, there is no risk in •wn.'ing
 money by mail, it come* to us daily, nod the h&gt;ok,
 always reach th*V destination.
 OCp* Four families can club together and **&gt;r-d
 dollar bill, anti have four hooks sent to &lt;&gt;r»e r
 WANTED—Agents in most oi the Su?r« t.. t?||
 this work, almost every family w ill porch;.*- it ,f
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from £2O
 to ffiO will he necessary for each agent. Add,***
 vast paid, GEO. FISHER
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange -st. Rochester, Y
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDK INF
 AS Tilt MOST
 Remarkable External Applkatioi
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved that tin,
 UNIVERSAL REMEI) I has not
 on the list of popular medicines, having tern before
 the public for more than fourteen years, Testimo
 ny of the must disinterested chaiacter of its won
 derful effects on the animal economy I- almost daily
 presented to tlie proprietor. It is worthy of spr'.
 cial remark, that lieside the great »nd extr.tordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention ot
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the wonder of ii«*
 public generally, it has been successfully employ!
 in a great variety of the maladies winch
 AFFLICT the human RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philejsophy, .-tart at tin
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue ol curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years lit* nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most eases and relieve such as the follow
 ins, among many others in the cuie of which this
 OH has been completely successful and in w hich oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM. PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 feet ions. Bites of Animals, Fro-a Bites, Corns,
 Boils, hitlows. Asthma, Bruise*, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses ami otter
 aniinals,such ns
 SPA VINS.
 Sweeney,
 KINO BONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfa-t, Strains, Lmneness,
 Sand Cracks, Fotuujered Feet, Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, ffr., sv.
 Numerous arc the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 of ewes which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were lliey at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 Tlie celebiated Dr. Parker also writes as follows
 Dear Sir: I have presented your Gargi ng Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, while swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a dfacutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have teen reduced
 by general treatment. In such eases, it is the inont
 efficient remedy within tlie circle of means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy w here there is no
 J'eneral fever in all the above diseases, to lx- used
 reely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met'with in the hands ..I
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have teen tillered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has turn
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Hors**.
 For instance, read the fallowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many year* the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred Iwirtet,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil h r
 two years past, and can safely say, that fat ill th*
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never *;.w it.'
 equal. I use about ou« bottle per month, ami re
 commend it to the public as tlie te&lt;&lt;i medn me for
 tenses now in use. F, D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will he
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and nee wbat won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in tla lw
 led States and Canada.
 Also by Post A Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B
 Swan, Winslow Young, 11. D. *u*.
 Rochester.
 H It E Gaylord, Henderson It Panderson, CW»-
 land, d.J G Ding ti Son, Columbus, O. Gordoc
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure At Co, A Item
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Greenmail it Smith, l
 ca; P D Orris A Co,Troy, NY. July 13—*w
British Periodica! Literature.
 The London (Quarterly Rmevc, tkr Edinburgh Rntn
 The North BrUuh Renew, the Wntmindn Rem
 and Blackwood Edinburgh Mu^asmr.
 THE widespread fame of the*.- splendid frioi
 cals renders it needless to *a&gt; torn U in tlo-ir pran*
 As literary organs, they stand far m adv dry
 any tiling of the sort now published, while ti*- poti&gt;-
 •cal complexion ot each is walked by dicnit)
 c.iodor, awl forbearance, u»t often found in wofi*
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great
 in Eogtand**-Tor), Whig, ami Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory;
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the W estwfcf'
 tier Review Radical. The North British K
 view is more of a religious eharartrr, havu-g U»»
 originallv edited by Dr. Chalmers, awl n»w,iu*v
 bis death, hemg conducted tiy bo ■on-ui-aw.L l
 Hanna, associated with Hir David Brew-n r l y
 litsrary character is of the very highest order TV
 W estminster, tlioagh reprinted uu. tr that t»&gt; S»*
 is publiaeed ia England under tbe title of I be l&lt;*
 eign Quarterly and Westminster--it being m k' l
 union of the two Reviews form. rU repubfobtd mi
 reprinted under separate tales. It has durrixt
 the advantage by this combination of uniting i»
 work tbe best few to res of both as hereto).*.-
 The above Periodical* are reprinted in .New k d
 immediately oa their arrival by the Britidi
 in a heauiitul clear type, on i\w white
 are faitbfid copies of the originals, Marks-"
 Magazine, being an exact /ac-*,mdr ol the Yxud*t
 edition.
 r«icea ro* 1849, (ir acw kjbku ruz n**-’
 Far any ana of toe torn Reviews, £3 00 per j
 k or any two do 5 00
 For any three do 71»
 For aJf four of the Reviews. 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 w
 rer Blackwood and tne 3 Renews, 9W
 For Blackwood 4 tha 4 Review», 10 00
 Payment i to let made in all casts in adci*
 CLUBBI.NO.
 Four copies of aay or all the above work*
 •ent to one address on payment ol the refute
 acription for three —(he tourth copy being gr*w
 EARLY COPIES.
 A hue arrangement with the Bnti»b
 Black wood's Magazine arctwe* to u* early
 that work, by which we shall be side to
 entire number in the bands of subscriber* bHo&lt;*
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of thr A**
 Journals. For this and other advantage*
 our subscribers we pay so large a ruusnlwatwjj
 are may be compelled to raise the price
 aim. Therefore we repeat subscribe ram
 the price is low. L.i-sfe*''
 4a j rptnr fr &gt;!mukl n*
 addressed, mat-pmd ot fnmked, to tlw tmbJi*Vrf*.
 BCOTT A CO.
"
