"uLi.'KRK k 1)01 GLASS, Kditor.
VOL. 11. NO. 41.
The NORTH STAR i* published every
 Friday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,
 tke Arcade
 terms.
 T»vo d.ilar* per annual, aim;yt w advance. No
 •obacription will l-e received lor k»v term than
 six months.
 Advertieemenn not exceeding ten line* ineerted
 |,ree ti nes for one dollar; every aubeeqoairt iiwer
 iion, twenty-fire rent*.
 The object ol tlie .North Star will be to attack
 Suvkrt in all form- and aspect*; advocate
 I .ivvRSAi. Eaa.v*ipatioii; exalt tlie standard
 Pchiic Morality; promote tlie moral and in-
 Wt-ial improvement of the Colored People;
 hi-ten tlie day of FREEDOM to tlie THREE
 MtU-t *as of our F.nslaved Fellow Coos-:
 rirnrv
 P F BLi SI IF ICS XOT ICES.
 YV VI entnmuni- ations relating to tlie iurtnest
 ,i'y of tlie pajvr, ni.nes of iiiWiilen, remit-.
 4tc., tlnmld Ik* a tiln-aaed to J"H* Dick,;
 üblislier.
 Agent", and all other* sealing names, are
 i &lt;|ur»ted In Is* meunte, and give the Post Office,.
 t r„ niltj, and tlie Stoic. Each Subscrilier is im
 mediately credited for money received. i
 t» Any pen»m sending in tlie payment for four
 su!&gt;»eril&gt;ei&gt;. to Is- forwarded to one atldrc.se, may
 have a fit’ll, mpv f &gt;r one year.
 Ail I'uri -end communication" trnwl l»e post
 aid.
 LIST OF AGENTS. j
 Massachcsei r&gt;. —R. F. Walentt, 21. Conihill,.
 !10-ton; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio\\ -i
 Foster, Lowell; James ,N. Bnffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester; Bourne Sjxiouer, Plymouth;
 t’lnrle* 11. Seth, Springfield; David Kiigglas,
 Northampton; 11. Carpenter, I pton.
 Mais l.— Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vihhost.—Rowland 1 Robinson, North Fer
 ri-b»rg.
 Cos.vecticpt. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 N i. vv H a M p$ H i R r We arc Tappan, Bradford.
 New York.—Sydney tl. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street; James McCune Smitli, 93, VV est Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westburv, Uueen Countv; Mary Har
 p r, Albany Elias IK.tv, Maeedon; Willetts Reese,
 Peru, Clinton Couutv; \Villiatn S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Tan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Aniarancy Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.—J. M. M’Kim,3l, North Fifth
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange!
 Place, Ditto; B. Bonn,Pittsburgh; Win. Whipper,!
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Faxon, Norris
 own, Montgomery County, Milo A. lownsend,
 New Brighton. _
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Hal
 ve vslwrgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Rol»ert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel I*. Davis, Economy, W ayne Co
5 elect ions.
 EXTRACT
 From the Address to th' Fref. Democraci of
 Mass., adrjAtd in Convention at Worcester on
 Wednesday, Sept. 12, 1549.
 THE USURPATIONS AND AGGRESSIONS
 OF THE SLAVE POWER.
 Look at the extent to which this ma
 lign influence has predominaied. The
 Slave States are far interior to the
 Free States in population, in wealth, in
 education, in libraries, in resources ot
 all kinds; and yet they have taken to
 themselves the lion’s share of the offices
 of honor and profit under the Constitu
 tion. They have held the Presidency
 for fifty-seven years, while the Free
 States have held it for twelve years on
 ly But without pursuing the exposi
 tion of this uame of political “sweep
 stakes,” winch the slave power has per
 petually played, let us present what is
 more important, as indicative of its
 spirit, the aggressions and usurpations
 by which it lias turned the Federal
 Government from its original charac
 ter of freedom, and proslituted it to
 slavery'. Here is a brief catalogue.
 Early in this century, when the
 District of Columbia was finally occu
 pied as the national capital, the slu\e
 power succeeded in defiance ot the
 spirit of the Constitution, and even of
 the express letter of one of its amend
 ments, in securing for slavery within
 the District, the countenance of the
 Federal Government. Until then it
 had existed no where within the exclu
 sive jurisdiction of this Government.
 It next secured for slavery another
 recognition under the federal govern
 ment, in the broad territory ot Louisi
 ana, purchased from I' ranee.
 It next placed slavery again under the
 sanction of the federal government, in
 the territory of Florida, purchased
 from Spain.
 Waxing powerful, it was able, after
 a severe struggle to dictate terms to
 the federal government, in the Mis
 souri compromise, compelling it to re
 ceive the Slate into the Union with a
 slaveholding constitution.
 It instigated and carried on a most
 expensive war in b lorida, mainly to re
 cover certain fugitive slaves, thus em
 ploying the unny of the United States
 as slave catchers.
 It wrested from Mexico the Province
 ef Texas m order to xetend slavery,
 and triumphing over all opposition,
 finally secured its admission into the
 Union with a constitution making slave
 ry perpetual.
 It next plunged the country in war
 with Mexico, in order to gain new
 lauds for slavery.
 With the meanness, as well as the
 insolence of tyranny, it has compelled
 the federal government to abstain from
 acknowledging the ueighbor republic
 of Haiti, where slaves have become
 freemen, and established an indepen
 dent nation.
 It has compelled the federal govern
 ment to sloop ignobly and in vain to
 secure compensation for certain slaves,
 who, in the exercise of the natural
 rights ot man, had asserted and
 achieved then freedom on the Atlantic
 Ocean, and afterwards sought shelter
 m Bermuda.
 It has compelled the federal govern
 ment to seek to negotiate treaties for
 the surrender of fugitive slaves, thus
 making it assert property in human
 flesh.
 It has joined in declaring the foreign
 slave-trade piracy, hut insists upon the
 coastwise slave-ttade, and the sanctions
 of the federal government.
 For several years it rejected the pe
 titions to Congress adverse to slavery;
 thus, in order to shield slavery, practi
 cally deny mg the l ight vf petition.
THE NORTH STAR.
It denies to the free colored citizens
 of Massachusetts the privileges se
 cured to them under the Constitution
 of the United Stttes, by imprisoning
 them end sometimes selling them into
 slavery.
 It insulted and exiled from Charles*
 ton and New Orleans, the honored rep
 resentatives of Massachusetts, who
 were sent to those places to throw the
 shield of the Constitution over hei
 colored citizens.
 It has, by. the pen of Mr. Calhoun,
 as Secretary of State, in formal des
 patches, made the Republic stand be
 fore the nations of the earth as the vin
 dicator of slavery. **£oll
 It has put forth the hideous effronte
 ry that slavery can go to all newly ac
 quired territories, and nave the protec
 tion of the national flag.
 Such are some ofthe usurpations and
 aggressions of the slave power! By
 such steps the Federal Government
 has been perverted from the original
 purposes, its character changed, and
 its powers subjected to slavery. It is
 pitiful to see Freedom suffer at any
 time from any hands. It is doubly
 pitiful when she suffers from a Govern
 ment, whose earliest energies were
 I inspired by her breath, and who learn
 ed by her teachings to be strong.
 So the struck eagle stretclied upon the plant,
 No more through rolling clouds to soar again,
 Viewed his own feather ou the fatal dart,
 And winged the shaft trial quivered in his heart.
 Keen were his pangs, but keener lar to feel
 He nursed the pinion which impelled the steel,
 While the same plumage that had warmed his
 nest
 Drank the hut life-drop of his (deeding breast.
 That we may fully estimate the en
 ormity of this system of conduct, we
 must call to mind the evils of slavery,
 where it is allowed to exist. And here
 language is inadequate to portray the
 infinite sum of wretchedness, of degra
 dation, of injustice, which are legalized
 by this unholy relation. There is no
 offence against religion, against
 morals, against humanity, which may
 not stalk, in the license of this institu
 tion, “unwhipt of justice.” For the
 husband and wife there is no marriage.
 For the mother there is no assurance
 that her infant child will not be torn
 from her breast. For all who bear the:
 name of slave there is nothing which i
 they can call their own. But the bond-;
 man is not the only sufferer. He does,
 not sit alone in his degradation. By
 his side is his master, who is compel
 led, in the debasing influences on his
 own soul, to share the degradation to
 which he dooms his fellow man. “He
 must be a prodigy,” says Jefferson,
 “who can retain his manners and morals
 undepraved by su&amp;h circumstances.”
 And this is not all. The whole social
 iabric is disorganized; labor loses its
 dignity; industry sickens; education
 finds no schools; religion finds no
 churches, and the whole land of slave
 ry is impoverished.
 From the Raleigh (N. C.) Register.
 ESPIONAGE OFTHE MAILS.
 jgj
 The doctrines set forth by the Wash
 ton “Union,” and reiterated by the
 Southern Loco-foco Press, in refer
 ence to the powers and duties of the
 Post Master General, would disgrace a
 Russian or Turkish despotism. For
 the sake of turning the excitable sensi
 bilities of the Southern people to pol
 itical account, it is boldly maintained
 to be the duty of the head of the Post
 Oflica Department to authorize his sub
 ordinates to open letters and packages
 supposed to contain objectionable mat
 ter. This principle being once estab
 lished, the liberty of the Press be
 comes a nullity,and the dominant party
 is invested with full powers to suppress
 the promulgation through the mails of
 any opinions which they disapprove. If
 the Post Master General can prohibit j
 the delivery of Abolition newspapers
 and letters, and authorize them to be
 opened, there is nothing to prevent
 him from exercising the same censorial
 power over his political opponents. If
 a Democrat, he may strip the \N hig
 party entirely of the use of the mails,
 and at the same time make them a vehi
 cle for propagating the views of his
 own party. We are not prepared to
 charge that this despotic principle was
 acted on during the last or preceding
 Presidential campains, but certain it is,
 that it is openly maintained by the Or
 gan ofthe late Administration.
 If the principle of espionage is allowed
 to be correct, it is a mere question of
 prejudice and passion in the dominant
 party, as to who are to be its victims.
 In the exercise of it, the Whigs (if we
 can suppose the bigs capable ot
 maintaining such principles,) would
 suppress the circulation of Democratic
 doctrines, and the Democrats those-of
 the Whigs, and the abolitionists, in their
 turn, would close the mails to both the
 other parties. There is no drawing a
 distinction between doctrines which
 are criminal aud hurtful to the comu
 nily, and such as are salutary. What
 is regarded as sound doctrine in New-
 Etigland passes in South Carolina for
 ranting fanaticism. On the other band
 the New Englanders look upon the
 maxims and principles which are prev
 alent in South Carolina as the offspring
 of barbarism. There are a thousand
 shades of opinion in reference to the
 question of Slavery, any one of which
 stopping short of unqualified approval of
 the institution, would be condemned in
 South Carolina as heretical, acd the
 promulgator of them subjected to in
 sult, if to nothing worse. It would be
 dangerous in South Carolina for a man
 to utter the prayer of General Cass for
 the abolition of Slavery throughout the
 world. AH ®uch opinions, therefore,
 would be voted incendiary ny a South
 Carolina Vigilance Committee, and
 the Postmasters would feel bound to
 destroy the documents containing them.
 Th. vi«w* dailjr pr.i»ul*«Md
 CUy
 J't M ill' -ii *'f i t
EIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS the FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
Palmetto State as no better than tree*
 sod, and are believed to have the ef
 i feet of exciting insurrection; yet in the
 State of Missouri and Kentucky, they
 are daily uttered from the Press and
 the stump, and command the respect ot
 thousands. In Massachusetts, the gen
 timents which pass for Orthodox in
 South Carolina, would excite disgust
 or ridicule. There is no standing of
 ri truth and orthodoxy in politics—at
 least none to which all parties refer;
 and such beiug the case, the question
 j can never be settled, for what object,
 j aud to suppress what opinions, shonld
 the censorship of mails be exercised?
 dgttKain it is, however, that tht South
 TshoStd not uphold the right ot r espion
 age. She has nothing to gain by it
 now, and will have less in future
 years, when the North will be so much
 1 1 aggrandized by the increase of popu
 -1 lation, native and foreign, and by the
 I addition of new States.
 The immediate cause of the excite
 ment in South Carolina, as we Isarn
 1 from the Newspapers, is an attempt of
 j some crazy fanatic to circulate an ad
 dress, intended to operate on the class
 of non-slaveholders; and to accomplish
 this object, a ridiculou s air of mystery
 was thrown around the subject by the
 use of cyphers and other secret signs.
 llt seems that no evidence exists, how
 ever, of a purpose to excite insurrec
 tion, but merely to raise up a Free
 Soil, or Emancipation party, and but
 I I for the stupid attempt at mystery and
 concealment, the whole affair would
 have passed off without so much as ex
 citing a remark. If this is the extent
 of the offence of the Abolitionists, there
 would be no justification of the illegal
 proceedings that have taken place in
 Spartanburg. Indeed we see no ne
 cessity for legal proceedings under any
 circumstance. The law is ample for
 i the punishment of the diabolical at
 tempts of Abolitionists or others, to
 excite insurrection; and public opin
 ion everywhere will justify its vigor
 ous exercise. Every arm is nerved
 for the punishment of such villains,'
 and even the summary justice of Lynch i
 law maybe excused, though unnecess-j
 j ary. But for the promulgation of opin-,
 |ions not tending te excite insurrection
 I and not addressed to Slaves, hut to
 i freeman, we apprehend that neither law
 nor justice will justify their forcible
 suppression. We cease to be a free peo
 ple when we cease to cherish the most
 sacred charters of our liberties, the
 Bill of Rights, and the Constitution,
 both of which guarantee the freedom of
 (he Press and of speech. These were
 the rights for diitcW our English fore
 fathers fought against the tyranny of
 Charles II.; and for denying them he
 forfeited his head; and it was in the
 same sacred cause that war was
 waged against James 11. who, unin
 structed by the misfortunes ofhis father,
 commenced the same career of tyranny
 which cost him his throne.
 The legality of arresting Barrett in
 Spartanburg, holding him to bail, and
 in sending him to prison, may be justi
 fied, if he had given grounds for sus
 picion of tampering with slaves, in or
 der to induce them to run away or re
 sist their masters; but the circulation of
 such documents as have been published
 would not warrant, his punishment.
 The pamphlets, or letters, are ad
 dressed to white men, and, as far as
 we have seen, propose no resistance,
 open or clandestine, to the laws of
 South Corolina. But the proceedings
 against the Post Master, Legg, are
 wholly illegal, and amount to a nullifica
 tion of the laws and Constitution of the
 United States. The circumstances are
 these—J. M. Barrett, an emissary of
 tho Abolitionists of Ohio, or Indiana,
 I had been arrested in Spartanburg, and
 it was known that he was authorized
 {to take from the Post Office in that
 place, a letter addressed to one John
 i Edward Thompson, and the Committee
 afVigilance supposing that this letter
 contained evidence of his guilt, deter
 mined to have possession of it. For
 this purpose they induced a magistrate
 Ito issue a warrant against the Post
 Master, G. W. H. Legg, compelling
 him to give bond for his appearance be
 fore the Court of Sessions,with the
 letter, as a witness against Barrett.
 The Postmaster refused to comply,
 j very properly, with this mob requisi
 tion, and was sent to prisou for his te
 merity. It seems that Mr. ad
 mitted, even by the mob, to be a man
 j of honor, and bis scruples of conscience
 are respected; but nevertheless the be
 bests of King Mob must be obeyed.
 Mr. Legg alleged, that being a sworn
 officer of the United States Govern
 ment, he could not deliver the letter to
 j any one except the person to whom it
 was addressed, or his agent, withont
 a violation of his oath; but his excuse
 would not suffice, and he; was sent to
 jail. He subsequently, however,
 thought better of the matter, and enter
 ed into the required security for his ap
 pearance in Court with the letter. We
 j presume he will plead before the Court
 the illegality of the bond as a releasei
 from its condi ions, and certainly an
 American Court of Justice will not in
 sist upon their fulfilment. The law
 1 has already been violated by the mob
 —it remains to be seen whether the
 constituted authorities of South Caroli-
 I n a sanction what has been done.
 The Poet Master did, in the first in-
 I stance, what every men of honor and
 sense would fool to be his doty, if pla
 ced in like circumstances. The law is
 so plain that a fool may run and read,
 and yet the Washington Union and oth
 er unscrupulous Loco-foco sheets are
 1 arraigning Mr. Collamer, and the ad-
 I ministnations because they have not
 1 to exerciM a dispensing power over the
 i laws and Constitution of the United
 t9mm The baaanees of this dema-
 Ifofaiml afTWi, Ute
 •t a «wii u so-*-! e*
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, IB4R
tion, cannot failto be appreciated by
 Southern men.
 There is no power in tha President
 or his Cabinet to withhold a letter from
 I the humblest citizen, without coramit
 f ting the crime of perjury. As to let
 ters addressed to slaves They are not
 i citizens, and the owner can forbid any
 sort of intercousse with them. In fact,
 f they have no surname, by which one
 may be distinguished from another;and
 a Postmaster is not bound to know one
 slave from another, they being in the
 eye of law, not persons, but property
 such is the estimation in which they are
 held by the State laws.
 After all, there is less danger from
 tha sissalsliiis rf such documents
 through the mails than is geaerally im
 agined. In the first place the slaves
 are unable to read; and if white men
 are base enough to read such documents
 to them, they would operate more ef
 fectually. by talkiug with them. As a
 proof of the correctness of this view, it
 may be remarked, that in Maryland
 J and Kentucky, where the opportunities
 of the Abolitionists for disseminating
 their views are of daily occurence,
 the idea of insurrection Is never dream
 ed of; while iu South Carolina, and
 some of the South Western States,
 where no such opportunities exist for
 intercourse with the slaves, the public
 mind is in a constant state of apprehen
 sion and excitement.
 THE SLATE TRADE IN BRAZIL.
 Corre? pendent of the Tribune.
 Bahia, June 5, 1849.
 H. Greeley, Esq.: I write this to
 give you some information of the Slave
 Trade, which is carried on here exten
 sively, from the Coast of Africa.
 The first thing done is to send a ves
 sel with a cargo of goods suited to the
 trade, apparently entirely unconnected
 with anything else—and really so, as
 far as bringing Slaves away in her is
 concerned. This is done to prevent the
 loss of vessel and cargo if boarded by
 a man-of-war, and made a prize of if
 anything be found on board to identify
 f the vessel as a slaver. The capital
 being thus placed where it is wanted,
 the vessel returns in ballast, or with
 what little cargo can be procured. The
 Slave-dealers in Africa, with the goods
 thus placed in their hands, buy up tbe
 black diamonds, as they term them, and
 keep them imprisoned until they get a
 chance to ship them in the swift-sailing
 small schooners and brigs which leave
 here in ballast for that purpose. On
 arriving here they land them on an is
 land opposite to this place about four
 or five mif'&amp;'msiflcnt, dT The cther side
 of the Bay of All Saints, on which this
 city is situated.
 The price paid for bringing slaves
 varies from $6O to $7O for every one
 taken on board, and $5 to $lO addi
 tional for every one safely landed. We
 heard of two arrivals of slavers last
 week with slaves—one little felucca of
 less than 50 tuns, brought 430, and
 landed them; and asmall brig (not half
 full they say) brought 450, and landed
 them also. We hear that the Balti
 morean-built pilot boat Henry Clay is
 now gone on her eleventh vayage to
 the Coast of Africa for slaves in the
 four years she has been owned here,
 and that she has made in that time oyer
 $300,000, for her owners. While
 such profits are realized, doubtless men
 will be found base enough to run the
 hazard of being taken, as no punish
 ment follows—the loss of the vessel
 and cargo being the only penalty.
 It is said that some 10 or 12 vessels
 are engaged in the business from this
 place alone, and probably four times as
 many more from different ports of this
 very extensive Empire, though at
 present the market is overstocked with
 slaves and the price less than usual,
 and consequently the trade is not as
 active as common.
 The goods sent out Jwith which the
 slaves are bought are all of English
 manufacture, and consist principally of
 of guns, pistols, swords, powder and
 ball, rum, &amp;c., fit instruments to per
 petuate such a trade. Formerly, by
 Treaty with Great Biitain, France and
 the United States, Brazilian vessels
 engaged in the trade were lawful
 prizes, but that Treaty expired some
 two years since; and now it the Eng
 lish take them, it is not in consequence
 of any right except the right of strength
 and humanity. The Government of
 Brazil do not exactly legalize the trade,
 though they take no measures to pre
 vent it.
 There are now lying in this harbor i
 a frigate, sloop-of-war, and several
 small Government vessels, and yet
 vessels are daily arriving and departing
 known and publicly talked of as en
 gaged in the business. It is said that
 the English, with all their professions
 of philanthropy, do not by their actions j
 give credit to their great pretensions to,
 humanity; that it is a fact that in on«j
 or more instances slaves taken on thisi
 coast have been taken into Rio dei
 Janeiro, and the slaves mpprtnhted ovi
 I fo r a term of years, at so many pounds
 j per bead, and that tbe apprentices are
 sure to be only blacks that are report
 ed as dying, while one is left.
 This is naturally one of the finest
 countries in the world, producing with
 1 the least possible labor all the produc
 tions, of tropical countries. In tbe
 hands of an industrious and energetic
 Moplc.
 irlobe The climate is said to be, and
 Lpeir*. bMhby. Ul» M .I*™ coun
 tnes labor ia here disreputable, and
 any ither way of procuring a living
 supposed to be more respectable for
 freemen Thank Heaven! such
 ions are not prevalent in our part of
 the world, and 1 sincerely hope they
 may not long influence any part of our
 ii Union.
 With stneera ragarda, yours, fre #.w.
 m
JOHN P. HALE ON SLAVEEV.
 This emioent champion of the cense
 of Free Soil, (says the Providence
 Transcript) who has persevered and
 triumphed over the combined forces of
 and Democrats, in New Hamp
 shire, the ligament of whose union was
 a blind subserviency to Southern dicta
 tion, has witten a let tter declining to
 attend a mass convention in Norwich,
 Vt. a portion of which we extract be
 j low. It reiterates a truth that we have
 stated to our readers, that slaves are
 being carried into the territory which
 we acquired from Mexico, and this
 truth should unite the Free Soil in a
 still closer union, and give new impulse
 to their efforts in the cause of freedom,
 j The extract reads thus:—
 The present is a dangerous crisis.
 There is danger, great and imminent
 1 danger, that slavery will be introduced
 I and ultimately established by law in
 California and New Mexico. To avert
 the calamity so serious to every friend
 of humanity, requires the united and
 energetic effort of all those who would
 avert from our country the reproach,
 which would most assuredly follow
 such an event. It will not avail to shut
 our eyes to the existence of this dauger
 and attempt to deceive ourselves with
 the idea that it does not exist. It does
 exist; it is even now close upon us, and
 while the interested and the venal are
 lulling us with the syren song that
 there is “no danger,” slaves are being
 carried into those territories, the clank
 ing of whose chains, and the cries of
 whose agony, shall fill the ear of the
 Most High, calling for vengeance upon
 us, if through timidity, party spirit, or
 any other cause we hold our peace and
 do not do what we may to prevent so
 great a wrong. From the foundation
 of the Government up to the passage
 of the Oregon bill in 1848, Slavery has, j
 with hardly an exception, triumphed in
 every issue which she has raised. She 1
 has made war and peace, passed and
 repealed tariffs, moulded our legisla
 tion, controlled our diplomacy, and
 made the operation of the whole ma
 chinery of the Government subsidiary
 to her interests. The Whig and Dem
 ocratic parties as they have been here
 tofore organized, have been as bond
 servants to slavery. The ferocity of,
 the attack which the organs of the old
 Hunker pro-slavery Democracy are
 making upon the present Administra-,
 tion seems to originate in the fear that j
 the Whigs, by their course in the last
 Presidential campaign, have done bet
 ter service to slavery, than they with j
 all their servility in years past have j
 been able to render. —S-s-ewryliai nev-t
 eryet, with the exception of the Ore
 gon Bill, met with a defeat in any
 measure which she has seriously ur
 ged. That partial defeat seems only
 to enrage the Slave Power and excite
 it to greater efforts in the great strug
 gle which she is now making.
 These efforts must be met by cor
 responding efforts on the part of the
 friends of freedom. The crisis is near,
 the day and the hour are at hand.
 May God grant that the men for the day
 and the hour may not be wanting.

 FARTHER ENCROACHMENTS OF I
 SLAVERY.
 When placing together, a few weeks!
 ago, several incidents illustrative of the
 tendency of slavery to encroach upon
 the rights of Northern freemen, we&lt;
 had no idea that the most flagrant,
 illustration was yet to be given. But
 such is the case. The Charleston
 Mercury, of August 29th, contains the
 official proceedings of two meetings of
 the citizens of St. Peter’s Parish,
 South Carolina, held at Lawtonville—-
 the first on the Bih of February, 184 W,
 and the second on the 10th of August,
 1849. The object of the first meeting
 is stated to have been to take into con
 sideration the fact that Rev. Wm. H..
 Brisbane, M. D., is in this section of,
 country, and to devise some plan by;
 which to rid ourselves of so unprinci
 pled a personage.' At this meeting,
 which was presided over by Hon. J. D
 Johnson, a committee of five, includ
 ing Hon. H. Smart, was appointed to
 draft resolutions, among which was one
 declaring that forbearance on account
 of Dr. Brisbane’s 'numerous and high
 ly respectable connections,' must have
 a limit. The farther proceedings are
 thus recorded by the Mercury:—
 'About four years sioce, he visited
 this section of country, and after his
 1 return North gave a garbled and false
 statement of his sojourn here, endea-
 voting to make capital for himself by
 recounting the great personal risks he
 encountered in appearing among us;
 when, unfortunately for ourselves, he
 was permitted to remain and depart
 unmolested, sfter having settled his:
 personal aad private business having
 made no public demonstration of him
 self or his abolition principles. But
 i during his present sojourn, be has had
 the audacity to show himself in one of
 oar palpits, there alluding to his es
 trangement from his native place not
 being the result of choice, but of nec
 essity, a necessity brought about by the
 force of conscience; then insulting us
 with the prayer that universal liberty
 might soon prevail.
 In consideration of these facts, and
 regarding him as we do to be an enemy
 to bis country, n traitor to the South,
 and particularly dangerous to this sec
 tion, where be has the sympathy of the
 slaves, having liberated a part of bin
 i own bam, we think he should not be
 i permitted to rest among ns.
 Therefore be it Resolved, That a
 Committee of three wait on Rev. Wra.
 r H. Brisbane, M. D., instanter, and
 warn him to leave the State »u forty
 sight hours, or abide the cotmoquencet
 from a hitherto patient, but mm iadig*
Resolved, That if the Coaunittei
 find Mr. Brisbane unwilling to depart,
 that they wait upon the Chairman anti
 Secretary, who are charged with dis
 seminating the information so as to call
 the people together at an early day.
 Of course, Dr. Brisbane, hearing of
 the above proceedings, fled from his
 native State to save his life. One of
 his relatives, Dr. T. D. Mathews, ven
 tured at the time to say a few words in
 behalf of Mr. Brisbane, and subse
 quently wrote to him, giving some ac
 count of the meeting. Hence a second
 meeting was called on the 10th ult.,
 which Dr. Mathews attended, and at
 which he was accused of having pre
 pared an account of the former meet
 ing, and sent it for publication to the
 North. The Doctor defended himself
 by asserting that more had been prin
 ted at the North than he bad written—
 that he was of Revolutionary blood,
 and was never an abolitionist, but
 scorned and detested them. Through
 this means, he escaped lynching with- i
 out flight. The facts in this case give
 one an idea of the character of slave- 1
 ry, and of that liberty which Northern 1
 freemen enjoy in the slavehoiding
 States. Sabbath Recorder.
 A CONSCIENTIOUS MAN.
 “It is refreshing now and then to
 hear of the reforming effects of consci-,
 ence on men's conduct. We never
 hear of a case of money anonymously
 returned, or property restored, but that
 wc feel better for it, and entertain a
 higher opinion of mankind. It is not
 often, however, that we can record a
 case of conscience so natural, and we
 suspect, frequent, as the following, the
 1 1 nr tie subjects of such scruples mod-;
 stT {.referring to keep their good!
 ictos to themselves. By the Constitu
 tion of Mississippi, in days past, it was
 forbidden to bring slaves into the State
 tor sale; but like most other constitu
 tional provisions this was construed, as
 our Supreme Court, has declared that
 all Constitutions should be ‘according
 to the wants, interests, and convenience
 of the people for whom they are form
 ed,’ that is, it was generally disregard
 ed. A slave trader named Jones, from
 Virginia, brought into Mississippi, for
 9ale, some forty likely slaves, and cot
 ton being fifteen cents a pound, he
 found for them a ready market; in fact,
 they were all purchased by one gentle
 man, who delighted in the name ot
 Brown. By the terms of the sale,
 Brown paid one-fourth cash, and was to
 pay the balance in instalments, of one
 fourth yearly. Sortty after the pur
 chase, Mr, Brown was elected a justice
 ofthe peace, and discharged the duties
 of the station with commendable intel
 ligence and uprightness.—The year;
 passed off and Jones drew a draft on j
 his vendee for the installment due,
 which was protested. He
 immediately pflid a visit to his debtor,
 whereupon the following dialogue took
 place.
 Jones—Well, Mr. Brown, you did'not
 meet my draft.
 Brown—No.
 Jones—But I suppose you can pay
 me the money due on the slaves now
 Brown—lndeed, I cannot.
 Jonep—Why? Have you met with
 any losses or misfortunes, that you are
 unable to pay?
 Brown—No. My affairs were never
 more flourishing. I made an excellent
 crop last year, aud have every pros
 pect of a good one this, and the price
 of cotton is still going up. But I don’t
 think 1 ought to pay you.
 Jones—For what reason? Are not
 the negroes good? have you any fault
 to find with them?
 Brown—Oh no! They are as likely a
 lot as ever was sold, and worth much
 more than I agreed to give for them.
 But the fact is, things are different
 now from what they were then. When
 I bought them I was pretty much the
 same as my neighbors and did’nt care
 much for the Constitution and the law;
 but since I have been elected a
 Justice of the Peace, and have taken a
 solemn oath to support the Constitution
 which forbids slaves being bought and
 sold in the State, the transaction be
 tween you and me was contrary to this
 plain article, and I can’t without violat
 ing my oath, carry the matter any fur
 ther. 1 can’t conscientiously be s
 party to an unlawful act, which I would
 [be by paying you for the negroes you
 had no right to sell. Regard for mj
 oath and duty to my country alike for
 j bid it.
 Jones—Well, damn me! if you are
 not the greatest fool or the datn’desi
 scoundrel in existence. If your cursed
 conscience wont’t let you pay me, give j
 me back my negroes.
 Brown—Mr. Jones, there is no use
 of harsh words, and though grieved at
 the violence of your expressions, I for
 give you! As to returning the negroes,
 1 can’t think of it. You would go and
 and sell them to some one else, in vio
 lation of the Constitution, which I am
 sworn to support, and I would, by put
 j ung it m your power to do so, be equal
 tly guilty with yourself. I cannot be
 jan accomplice in such a transaction,
 Mr. Jones What honest man could
 No. never.
 This was too much for Jooes; bis
 t fury overcome him; and we are sorry
 to say that he snocked Squire Brown
 down; but the Squire was an athletic
 i man. and in the fight that followed,
 i Jones was conquered with much dam*
 i age to hti right eye, and the loan of a
 part of his nose. Finding no saiiefoc
 -11 non from taking the law into bis own
 hands, he applied to the courts for 'be
 1 recovery of his debt, but the learned
 iodaee decided that the original con
 rirSi™, H'&lt;*
 rf Ik* BUW, *2 i* T&amp;taoo* Of (NWUt.
 [lair, tk*ei*i» *f«Wpltmliffw«M
 a*3 m* I
JOHN MCK,
WHOLE NO. 08.
V
 •vet! be cc*nsid«r«i j one* petti lev-*
 /er s fees and corns, and Brown tod
 conscience triumphed.”
 A SHORT* inK*ll»R STORY ABOUT
 HOT I STY.
 One evening a p«or man and his son,
 a little bov, sat by the way side near
 jhp ga‘e of an old towu in Germany.
 The lather to&lt; k uut a loaf of bread,
 which he had bought m the town, and
 broke it, and g»vo half to bis bov.
 “Not so. father,** said the boy; “I
 shall not eat until niter you. You have
 been working hard ail dav, for small
 wages, to support me; and you must
 be very hungry; I shall wait till you
 are done. “You speak kindlv, my
 son,” replied the pleased father;*“your
 love to m*&gt; docs me more good than nay
 food; an*' those eyes of vours remind
 me of your dear mother who haa left
 us, who told you to love me as you
 used to do; and indeed, my boy, you
 have been a great strength and comfort
 tome; but now that 1 have eaten the
 first morse! to please vou, it is your
 turn now to eat.”
 “Thank you, iathrr; but break this
 piece in two, and take you a little more,
 for you see the loaf is not large, and
 you require much more than I do.”
 “1 shall divide tiic loaf for you, my
 bov; but eat it, 1 shall not; I have a
 brnidence; and let us thank God for bis
 great goodness in giving us food, and
 in giving us what is better still, cheer
 ful and contented hearts. He who
 gave us the living bread from fieaven,
 to nourish our immortal souls, how
 shall he not give us all other food which
 is necessary to support our mortal bod
 ies?”
 The father and son thanked God,
 and th&lt;n began to cut the loaf in
 pieces, to begin their frugal meal. But
 as they cut one portion of the loaf,
 there fell out several large pieces of
 gold of great value. The little hoy
 gave a shout of joy, and was springing
 forward to grasp tho unexpected treas
 ure, when he was pulled back by his
 father.—“My son, my son!” he cried,
 “donut touch that money: it is not
 Diirs.” “But whose is it, lather, if it
 is not ours?” “I know’ not, as yet, to
 whom it belongs; but probably it was
 put there by the baker, through some
 mistake. We must inquire. Run.”
 “But, father, interrupted the boy,
 “you are poor and needy, and you
 have bought the loaf, and tho bake*
 may tell a lie, and
 “1 will not listen to you, my o« i y. 1
 bought the loaf, I ut cUd not buy the
 p;old in it. If the baker sold it to me
 in ignorance, i shall not be so dishonest
 ns to take advantage «d h&lt;m; remember
 Him who told us to do to others”? we
 would have others do to us. The haktr
 inny possibly cheat us. I nm poor, in
 deed but that is nosin. ff we share the
 poverty of Jesus, God’s own Son, oh!
 let us share, ul=o, his goodness and
 his trust in God.—\Ve may never be
 rich, hut we in iy always be honest.
 We may die of &gt;tnrvatfc.n, but God’s
 will be done, should mb die in ditng
 it* Yes, my boy, truantJod, and walk
 in his ways, and you shall never bo
 put to shame. Now, run to tho baker
 and bring him here; and 1 -shall watch
 the gold until he comes.”
 So the boy ran for the baker.
 “Brother workman,” said the old man,
 “vou have made some mistake, and
 almost lost your money;” and he
 showed the baker the gold, and told
 him bow it inid been found. “Ia it
 thine?” asked the father; “if it is take
 it away.’’ “My father, baker, is very
 poor, and “Silence, my child;
 put me not to shame by thy complaints.
 I am glad we have ,-aved this man from
 losing his money. The baker had
 been gazing alternately upon the hon
 est father and his eager boy, and upou
 the gold which lay glittering upon th©
 green turf.—“ Thou art, indeed, an
 honest fellow,” said the bak%r; “and
 my neighbor, David, the flax dresser,
 spoke but tho truth when he said, thou
 wert the honestr »t man in our town.
 Now, 1 -hud tell thee about th© gold:
 A stranger came to my shop thr©©
 days ago, and gave me to sell it cheap
 ly, or give it away, to the bonsstest
 poor man whom i knew m the city. Y
 told David to send thee to me, as a
 customer, tins rnnrmng; aa thou
 won!d«t not t ike the loaf fur nothing, I
 void it to thee, as thou knowiest, for
 the last pence in thy purse; and the
 loaf with ail iis treasure— and certes,
 it is not small! —is thiue, and God
 grant thee a blessing with it!” Th©
 I poor father bent ins head to the ground,
 while the tears fi ll from his eyes. Hie
 boy ran and put ins hand about hia
 neck, and si.id, “1 shall always, like
 you, rny father, trust God, and do
 what is right; for i am sure it will
 never put me t«» shame.” —Ldtnbwrgh
 Chn. Mag.
 The VV oiui i iski.n.’—in the year
 1713, one Jonathan Hastings, a farmer
 of Cambridge, New England, used the
 word Yankee as a cant phrase to ea
 j press excellent; a Yankee (good)
 horse, Yankee cider, etc. The stu-
 I dents at the college, having frequent
 j intercourse with Jonathan, and hearing
 i him employ the word on all occasion©,
 I I when he intended to express his appro
 bation, applied »t sarcastically, and
 i] called bins “Yankee Jonathan. It
 soon became a cam phrase among th©
 collegia”* to designate a simple, weak,
 'j awkward person; iron college it
 spread ail over the country, till, from
 its currency in New England, it was
 at length taken up to tlte Englanders
 ,as a term of reproach It was in con
 sequence of this that the song of Ysn
 kee Doodle” was coutpsoed.
 l if*man could lave half hia wuhas he
 I would double hts u?*i»lea.
 A
"
