"For*if* Now* of th« Wnk.
 Tbe Canada, Capt. J udkms, arrived ai Hali
 fax on Tuesday, the 2d mat., in lea* than ten
 data from Lite pool, and bring* dates to th*
 22d alt.
 E.nglxno. Tbe Peace Congress i* still at
 tracting attention in England. Amongst ths
 meetings that hare been held, since the As
 sembly in Paris, one held in Aylesbury, Bucks,
 for the purpose of “ratifying the proceedings
 of the Peace Congress in Pan*/’ teems de
 serving of notice. John Lee, Esq one of
 the county magistrates, was called to the
 chair. A mongst the speakers at the meeting,
 we see mention made of Amass Walker, Rev.
 Joseph Allen. William Wells Brown, and
 other American delegates. The chairman
 invited the American deputies to his mansion,
 where they were entertained with distinguish
 ed hospitality. Hartwell House, the residence
 of Dr. Lee, is celebrated as haring been for
 merly occupied by the Hampden family, and
 as haring been the abode of Louis XVIII,
 curing five years of bis*exile from Francs,
 from 1807 to 1812. In honor of the occasion,
 Dr. Lee had displayed from his houss-top,
 British, French, American, and Swedish
 flags, all waring together, as a type and
 piopheay of th* “good time coming.”
 The scheme lately proposed by the Corpora
 tion, for ths colonisation of Connaught, in
 Ireland, by English farmer* and mechanic,
 seems doomed to faiiur*. At prasent. all
 that has resulted from the proposal, is a few
 leading article* in the Twtcs, and a picture
 in Punch. A majority of the corporation
 committee have reported agiinst the scheme;
 the minoritv however, are so anxious for th#
 realization of their sanguine hopes, that they
 propose carrying out the project as private
 speculators, and with that intent te raise a
 capital of £500,000.
 A preliminary meeting has been held in
 I) Burningham, in order to form an association,
 for obtaining a repeal of all taxes on know
 ledge. The movement is supported by Mr.
 Sciiolfield, P. M Mr. George Dawson, and
 other gentlemen of influence. Similar aa
 rjociaiions are being formed in other important
 towns in England and there is reason to
 hof-e that the repeal of these moat obnoxious
 tax3B will at length be obtained.
 Tbe Manchester Examiner says that Mr.
 Bright has returned from his touraf inspec
 tion in Ireland having visited at least twelve
 counties, in all of which the condition of th*
 peasantry and of the land has been attentive
 ly observed. Say a the Examiner
 “Mr. Bright has seen enough to convise*
 him of hte absolute necessity of a law to
 give security to the tenant for the improve
 ments he may create, and it is not improbable
 that, should the Govemmeut refuse to legis
 late on this all-important subject, Mr. Bright
 will be prepared to bring ihe matter helore
 Parliament at the opening of next session,
 backed by influential opinion from all parts of
 Ireland.”
 The Bishop of Norwich, who has been
 loqg and diservedly popular in England, on
 account of his liberal opinions and manly in
 dependence, died on the 6th nit., of conges
 tion of the brain. He was born in 1779, and
 educated at St. Johns College, Cambridge.
 ‘Dr. Stanley,” says the Daity i\ews, “whilst
 other Whig bishops have been retrogtading
 rapidly towards Puseyiim and Toryiaro, ad
 vanced ia many respects from {mere jwhigge-
 Ty to sound Radicalism, and denounced
 throughout his diocese, the practice# of th#
 Puseyites, which have neitheir root,
 nor found favor in any district over which h#
 had control.”
 A new Fever Hospital has been erected i*
 London, capable of accommodating 200
 patient*. The building cost .£20,000.
 Montes, and the youth who claims to
 be her husband, acting upon the advice of
 thoir legal advisers, have thought beat to
 avoid the decision of the law in the circum
 stance of their marriage, and have sudden.y
 left London for Paris. The bail—X'looo
 fur herself, and two securities at .£*oo each,
 will be forfeited. A most lavorable change
 has taken place iu the mortality from Cholera
 throughout England, and the number ot cases
 has declined about one half. From th# com
 mencement of th© epidemic 12,837 persons
 have been awept away in London. A form
 of prayer, to be used in the churches and
 chapels with the Establishment,
 during the prevelence of the epidemic, has
 been agreed upon by the Queen and her
 spiritual advisers. There is nothing eith*r
 in its atyle or sentiment that entitle# thia pro
 duction of Lambeth Palace to any specirl
 notice. It ia probably neither belter nor
 worae than political prayers usually are. For
 our own part, however, we have very littl*
 respect for, or confidence in either the faith,
 repentance or piety, that can find expression
 through such a medium
 A frightful railway accident occurred at
 Sytham, on the 20th ult. A public Agricul
 tural dinner had come off at that place, ai
 which upwards of 300 gentlemen were pres
 ent. The eompany had barely taken their
 seats in the railway cars, when a frightful
 eolhaion took place, by wliiqh many of the
 paaaengara had their teeth knocked out—
 their limbs broken— and tome more seriously,
 and as wa# supposed mortally wounded.
 The weather during the week has been
 variable but upon the whole the labor* of the
 harvest had proceeded aatisfaetorily and were
 brought nearly to a cloae. The potato disease
 is reported to have made considerable progress
 in some districts; and a alight advance in
 prices has taken place in consequence. Id
 Dublin, ths supplies of diseased potato*#
 are increasing but the disease la still partial,
 and soma kinds of potatoes are not at all af*
 facted
 A alight (iisiuiliatee had taken plaee at
 place called Capp o| n in in Ireland. A poli*e
 barrack was attacked, and one of tb# atorm
 iug party killad They left forty pikea behind
 them. The Queen waa exp&lt;*i#d;to return from
 Scotland abeut the 97th.
 FaxMoa. A Council of-the Clergy b*a
 commenced a# eatings m Fans, and ie attract
 ing considerable attention Th, no&gt;[
 •truss theologcal doctrines are to form the
 subjects o| deliberation/ The meetings are
 conducted with great pomp and ceremony.
 Almost all the biahop# and diatmgmahed
 •lergy of Frence are assisting at the council.
 Fresh protective dunes have been imposed
 upon the importation of fsreign oil seeds,
 with a view to protect tbe culture oi oil
 seeds in Algeria. The cholera appeals to
 have permanently diminished in Pan*.
 Atieiau HiM**av. The last ae*
 tounte from Vienna fxttnd to the 15 th ult..
and announce th« suneodei of Peterwtrdeis
 to tbe Imponal troopa. Comoro had not
 •unendered Tho garrison of tkat fortress
 is said to amount to 96,000 or 30,000 men,
 well onpplied with provisions, but totally un
 disciplined. It is stated that the officers
 bars held a meeting, and reed rod by a largo
 majority not to surronder. It was rumored
 in Vienna, that Bern bad fallen into the
 bands of the Russians. According to the
 Vienna Journals, General Haynan nod
 Kuank art .is busings Comorn, with 90,000
 men.
 TvtKSY. The Russian ambassadors at
 the Porte, hare demanded the delivery of
 Kossuth. Dembinslti, and their companions.
 A Russian Geneial arrived at Constantinople
 on tha 15th. an a special mission to bully tbs
 Sultan into compliance with the demands of
 A ustria. A souneil was held, and the Turkish
 Government resolved not to sarrendor tho
 Hungarian refugees to either the Russian or
 Austrian Governments, and on this decision
 being communicated to the Sultan, he de
 elared in the moat impressive and determined
 manner that the refugees should not be given
 up, let the eonsequeoees be what they might.
 Komutkand bis companiens have been fur'
 nished with passports from the English am
 bassador.—j. s.
 The National League.
 Salem, N. Y. Sept. 20, 1849-
 Frederick Douglass :—lt ia truly gratify*
 tng when one learns that a renewed effort is
 being made for the attainment of freedom. I
 noticed some days since, in the North Star,
 two letters touching the formation of a “Lib
 erty League” among us, by which means
 those of us who fiom various causes are at
 iasue on the abolition question, will all be
 linked heart and hand; when we will rush
 down on oppression like a mountain torrent,
 sweeping away every obstacle which dares
 to impede the march of freedom.
 With a knowledge of the (act that we are
 an oppressed people, what must we do? One
 says, We have tried to be free, we have
 failed therefore freedom is not for ui. Ano
 ther saysr-we are too divided ever to be con
 centrated upon one idea, we had as well give
 up the chase. But not so, let us toil on.
 Let our motto be The union of the oppret
 ted for the sake of liberty let us form the
 “League,” and bind ourselves in sentiment
 with a three-fold cord never to be broken.
 Oh when that bright day of universal sen
 timent shall dawn upon us, what heart so
 hard aa shall not be moved What eyes that
 will refuse to shed tears of joy? What op
 pression that will not give place? What
 mortal that will not bow hia face to the dust
 and' cry, Great God, virtuous and just is thy
 Government! Then away wilt go our clash
 ing abolition views, our prejudices in favor of
 Methodism, Presbyteramaro, Romanism, or
 any other ism extant. We will know each
 other as brothers, and laborers in the cause
 of freedom, working opon the same platform
 for the accomplishment of the same end. I
 would suggest alter the people had become
 fully acqusntod with the subject of the “Lib
 erty League” that a National Convention be
 called to meet at the moat central point in the
 free states. Then, and there, let an instru
 ment of writing be drawn which every mem
 ber will swear to maintain as did the fathers
 Df 76—the instrument banishing forever
 world without end, those opinions on which
 we are almost certain to make shipwreck
 when we come in contact.
 When we shall have reached this summit
 of reform, we can defy all the machinations
 of slavery, all the schemes of Southerners,
 and their allies, for we will have God and
 Justice on our side. We will be like the
 house built upon a rock; against which every
 opposition wind may blow, but can do us jio
 harm. Our children shall have to perform,
 upon the same platform from which we are
 passing. We cannot leave them a better in
 heritance than good and noble examples.
 Gold, houses, and lands perish in thejusage
 but lessons of virtue, loyalty, and unflinching
 adherence to right, follow them through life
 to the grave, and then bloom out upon their
 offspring.
 Cheer up! Come, up brethren, to-the woik,
 with your armor burnished, determined never
 to be conquered. N.
 Kidnapping in Harrisburg.
 Harrisburg, Sept. 30 1849,
 Friend Docglass.—During the past week
 a family of live or six persons arrived in this
 plane, from the peculiar, contented, happy,
 religious, pious and Christian Institution o.
 the South, and feeling themselves secure
 from the grasp of bloodhounds of the south
 aad north, who are ever ready to scent the
 track of the flying bondman.
 They dismantled tbemsrlves of those ha
 biliments by which a fugtive from the pecu
 liar Institution may be known, and set them
 selves nmvn to rest. They, however, were
 not permitted to rest in peace.
 On Saturday the 29th, inst., as one of;
 their number was passing along Front street
 on the river bank, he was pursueed by two
 men, and after a considerable chase they
 overtook him, and endeavored to get him to
 the bridge. Fortunately, two colored men
 observing the chase, joined the parlies, and
 effected the release of the fugitive, hia pui
 suers making good their escape across the
 liver.
 The seizure of a man in open day in one
 of the most public thoroughfaiea of the Cap
 ital, for the purpose of reducing him to bon
 dage, did, as might be expected, meate a
 considerable excitement among tbe citizens.
 The friends of humanity, understanding
 that the “slave catchers,” on the other side
 of the river had a considerable force, thoeght
 it best to remove the fugitives to a place
 where they would be secute until [evening,
 when they would be put onj their northern
 journey. Presuming from what bad trans
 pired that an effort would be made to recap
 ture the fugitives in the evening, same twen
 ty-five or thirty perons assembled in tha
 neighborhood where the fugitives were se
 creted, for the purpose of affording them
 protection.
 The Constable af the Borough,” who
 it was thought was acting in concert with tbe
 slave catchers, came up to the peraoua who
 had thus assembled, and ordered, them to dis
 perse, as As considered the ass emblsge un
 lawful. He was loldßhatthey 'had mat there
 for a peaceable purpose, and tbal they did
 not feel inclined to remote until they had
 that Seeing thst he
 could not accomplish Am
report*ln* iaiereitw w*k dm M Msb,’—ai
 bo atyM it, to the sheriff, arid a* short time
 the sheriff sppesred a ofno in propnm per
 uma m terror**. He without inquiring
 whet was the reuse of the sasentbiafe, afto
 being informed that it was peaceable, orderly
 aad quiet, cotnmeoeed together with hia
 posse, without orderiag them to disperse,
 to beat them with their dabs and sticks.
 The Colored men retaliated, and the resell
 was that Urn Sheriff and his posse were en
 tirely vanquished, and not to flight. Not
 being satisfied with their first adventure and
 feeding, as they said, that the hooor of the
 community was at make, they put a wil
 ful falsehood in circulation, that the colored
 people were assembling h Short Street foe
 the purpose of mobbing Urn whites. Mes
 sengers were dispatched, with this falsehood,
 to the different grog-shops is town, for the
 purpose of raising recruits. Failing, how
 ever, to procure a sufficient number, by that
 course of piocedure, and, after holding a
 counsel at the corner of Short Street, they
 thought it would be necessary to call out the
 military. Accordingly, a requisition was
 made on Captain W. Foster for the use oi
 his Company to quell a riotous disposition,
 that existed among the colored people, in
 Short Street. The Company, with great
 alacrity, obeyed the call, and about 11 o’clock
 other good citizens of the Borough were ar
 oused from their slumber, by the sound oi
 the fife and dram, of Captain W’s Company
 on their way to the scene of the riot, to
 shoot down,as they said, the d d niggers.
 They joined the Sheriff and his' party at the
 corner of Third and Market, and this molt,
 headed by the constable of the Borough with
 two large horse pistols, moved boldly forward
 to the ssene of action.
 Finding on their arrival that the neighbor
 hood was peaceable, and that there was noth
 ing for them to quell, ihey commenced treat
 ing and knocking the colored men who were
 standing before their own doors. One man,
 was knocked down at his own door, and
 dragged to jail, and on the next morning,was
 admitted to bail in the sum of one hum!red
 dollars to answer the charge of riot, at the
 next Criminal Court. Another who was
 standing as a spectator was knocked down,
 ttid kicked and thumped till they got him to
 prison with the cry of kill the d d nigger.
 A third was chased a considerable distance
 and finding they could not oveitake him they
 fired after him, but fortunately, he escaped
 unhurt. On Morxfty morning three airests
 were made but the stool pigeons, not be
 ing able to prove that they had broken the
 peace that they had participated in the
 riot, they were promptly dismissed.
 The proceedings of the Sheriff Shell,
 and his mob are loudly condemned by the res
 pectable portion of the Citizens, and they
 think he has transcended his duty in theis
 case.
 It is generally thought, that the Sheriff and
 Constable were under instructions from the
 Slave-catchers, and that their effort to dis
 perse the colored people, was uothing more,
 than to give the kidnappers a chance to con
 lummate theii object. Be this as it may, they,
 and the kidnappers, were entirely frustrated
 in their design. Mure of this hereafter.
 Yours i* the cans# ef the Slave,
 JULIUS.
 Sept. 99, 1849.
 To Henry H. Garnet —I was sorry to
 tee in the North Star of the J7th inst. such
 i bitter and vindictive reply to Frederick
 Douglass, malignant and slanderous attack on
 thee in reference to thy expected visit to Eng
 land.
 If talented and influential colored men,
 must fill their papers with such kind of Anti-
 Slavery, I apprehend that considerate and
 conscientious persons will not think the cause
 of humanity and the brotherhood of the race
 will be much promoted by their support.
 You certainly onght not to let a disagree
 ment an a proposition to send Bibles to the
 Slaves divide you, any more than a proposi
 tion to send the Slaves to the Moon.
 PUNY SEXTON.
 Morals ok Nashville. —A few days since
 the police of Nashvills(Tenn.)made a descent
 into the house of a low prostitute, known as
 “Dutch Lize," whom they suspected of has
 boring thieves. Instead of wolves, however,
 they found a couple of wolves in sheeps clo
 thing, namely, the Rev. P. P. Weeley, and
 Rev. Mr. Holland, of the Methodist Church
 These men weie dressed in disguise, and at
 the time were bargaining with some of the in
 mates for a night's lodging. Both were ar
 rested and committed to the calaboose. Mr.
 H. was advertised to preach in the Methodist
 church on the morning following his arrest.
 A subsequent dispactfostates that both the rev
 erend rascals have been suspended from fhe
 ministry.— Boston Rep.
 4k
 The Boston Strike. The “striking"
 journeymen tailors of Boston, have opened a
 clothing store on their own account, at No v
 88 Ann street in that city.
 Good Post-Office Regulation.—By a re
 cent regulation of the Post Office Department
 auv letter having the writer's name and resi
 dence engraved on the seal or written on
 the outside, of the letter, aod not finding the
 party to whom the same is addressed, will be
 returned to the writer immediately through
 ihe Post Office, and not through the d *ad let
 ter office, by which regulation considerable
 anxiety and loss of time will be prevented.
 A Truth. —The parent who would train up
 a child in tbs way he should go, must go in
 the way that be would tiain up the child.
 Aye—an ounce of example is worth whole
 tons of precept; and there would be a great
 saving of scolding and whippings, if people
 could learn to govern themselves before they
 undertook u&gt; govern others. Be a living les
 son in your own proper individuality, and
 there is but little fear but that those who look
 up to you will follow in the foot-steps of their
 illustrious predecessor but if you undertake
 to bully or thump juveniles into the practice
 of virtues which with you are only matters of
 theory, the success of the experiment is doubt
 ful, to say the least of it. They are much
 more apt to set as yon set, than to set as you
 say ami you will often find them aa a mir
 ror in which your own faults are reflected, it
 maybe exaggerated. Go, therefore, in the
 way in which you would train up a child—
 leading the van, with all due consideration
 for the weakness and inexperience ef the fee
 ble ones who are thus called upon to follow,—
 not expectif*g too much from untried limbs,
 or rebuking too harshly tbs missteps and
 stumbling of those who are weaker than
 jwrmMSt. Lorn, tetnUe.
 Well Sain.—The Clisabndtroe Democrat
 in alluding to the return of a young man, to
 that city, who voluntumed to aueod the sick
 and dying of the pmtflwm Sandusky city,
 B *rtLs of ibsoa real heroes in life, Amec
 Moore, has just arrived from Suudnaky—
 worn down with tfcu toagum of nararng and
 *T«W4 MM*
will crowd round milrtarv brawler, and boa
 at km. tad hang upon dreeriptioWß of bloody
 deeds sad boms* botdwrr, as if it wore mil
 ranure. And brae ts a real bera, M wba
 has (aaaod the fevered brow of the stnager,
 watched the siek friend, was sane and phy
 sician to all be eoold attend. whether straw*
 get or friend, —one who, amid pestilence and
 death, w» tree—aid who wiW seek to fire
 him bis place, or mole ant to Idm bin reward’
 No matter. He haa it whbia. God will gire
 bun both shore.
 Mr. Moore has left simply for real, and will
 i eturp to Sandusky to-morrow. The scene of
 woe he has witnessed, be declares no too foe
 can describe. The terrors of the pestilence,
 in its fearful malignity,- an imagination can
 eoneetre. Sandnsky has been like a doomed
 pi ace.
 Ftikisa Plates.
 Mrs. Swissbelm shows no merey to tba
 Fashion Plates of our monthlies. She says:
 Oar fashion mongers might gire os any
 kind of a bundle of drapery that pleased their
 fancy, and the effect would be comparatively
 harmless, if they left any room to suppose
 there might be a woman inside. Or it they
 would gire us the shape of a garment hong
 on a clothes horse, and leave the idea that it
 might be put on a woman, it weald simply
 be a fashion for clothes, but it is aot the form
 of clothing which they pretend to regulate,
 but the shape of the people. If people were
 made of tallow ami spermaceti—csrald be
 thrown into a kettle, melted and remoulded
 like broken candles, these fash ion-makers
 could scarcely take more liberties with tbeir
 formation.
 “In the front of a Magazine you will
 likely find a portrait of a woman aa God made
 her that is, given simply as a fancy sketch;
 over a few leaves you will find the reality ot
 life—woman as faskion has made her; and
 very much resembles the earth in the begin
 ning, ‘without fotm and void,’ giving one the
 idea the artist haa taken some days to work
 before his-production can be called finished.’
 Now, if these fashion-monsters are any
 body's ideal of womanhood, why not make
 the naked pictures and statuary —the fancy
 sketches—in the same shape? Or why not
 give us fashions that look as if they could be
 worn by healthy woman with a perfectly de
 veloped form 1
 The idea of dressing the ‘Greek Slave’
 has been very much ridiculed by the lovers of
 art. but the Greek Slave might be conver
 ted into a public benefactor by being dressed
 and exhibited all over the country—by hav
 ing all the new fashions put on her first
 made to fit her, and then sitting or standing
 and giving her portrait for our fashion plates.
 Modists could not squeeze her marble aides
 into the vhape of a funnel or a jug; and if
 •ur fashion plates were taken from her, wo
 men would not imagine this the only gen
 teel shape.
 Wa are not jesting—nor exaggerating—
 the form of most of our fashion plates posi
 tively reminds us of nothing so much as a
 funnel or a jug. Artists say there is no
 straight line about a human form; but in a
 face view of one of these figures, the lines
 from under the arms down to the wsist—-and
 that is the entire distance from the armpit to
 the hip—is as straight as a rule could mako
 it—an inclined plane, a bsvsl, giving the idea
 of the side of a funnel. Thsre is no com*
 such as nature makes, such as health and
 grace require. How artists—who ought to
 have an eye for the beautiful —can be hired
 to commit these outrages on the Graces, is
 more than we can tell. The amount ot dis
 ease and death that have been caused by
 imitating the straight line, by pressing in
 the sides below' the ribs, to form the funnel
 outline, is far past the cholera statistics.”
Notitca.
An Appeal In behalf of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Fair.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slavery
 in this land, and being deeply convinced that
 this result can only be accomplished by renew
 ed efforts to change our present corrupt moral
 sentiment, the undersigned members and
 friends of the Western New York Anti-slavery
 Society, again make their appeal to the
 friends of the Slave in behalf of their annual
 Bazaar, which will be held in Rochester in
 December next.
 While we have been cheered and gladdened
 bv the progress already made, and the good
 'll(eadv done, and while we rejoice to observe
 that friends have been raised up to plead the
 cause of the bondman among persons, and in
 quarters where we had least expected them,
 we still see the “harvest to be great and the
 laborers to be few,” and instead of relaxing
th a sense of
 the duty of doubling our diligence, and ap
 plying more closely our energy to the means
 If advancing this holy appeal the
 more boldly to our ftiantto because those for
 whom we plead cannot plead lor themselves.
 While we are surrounded by our domestic
 circle, with none to molest or make us afraid,
 there are three millions of men and women in
 our own land, doomed to abject Shivery and
 chains. Tobbed of every right—civil—social—
 personal—and political. Remembering those
 uf bonds as bound with them, we desire to
 plead their cause as though they were on our
 Swn limbs, and the knotted lash were applied
 to our own backs.
 While to obtain means for enlightening the
 public mind, is the strong motive for holding
 our annual Fair, it is not the only ooe A
 great amount of good may be traced direvtlv
 to such occasions. Many who are now ac
 tive workers in behalf of ibis holy movement
 became first interested in it through the in
 strumentality of those annual exhibitions of
 anti-slavery industry, tact and skill.
 The present object of the Rochester anti
 slaverv Bazaar is for the general enlighten
 ment of the public mind ou the subject of sla
 very. Recognizing the North Star, (published
 in Ous city) as an efficient Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, we propose that the
 by the Sale of articles at the
 behalf of which we here appeal) ahall be
 mainly appropriated to tht support ot that
 -ISSS&amp; acknowledge the prompt as
 aistance rendered to out last Fair by our
 friends and coadjutors in
 owu State, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and we
 earnestly solicit «be»r continued co-operation
 trilh us in the good woik. That no time may
 be lost we especially recommend to them the
 tJSSm Of Kwißg CM. »nta.
 to out British friends for the valoabte aid ex
 tended by them to our lam yeti’s Fair and
 wTwould again warmly sohcit their generous
 is due to our tiaes-AUanuc
 friends to say that for much of the interest felt
 MrtM u, .ta™,
 co-operation MM
 approach.. Doeetrdm
 and the advancement of the cause of the slave
 1,1 We top* that the foregoing appeal^wfil
 commend itself to out philanthropic friends on
 llh -juipg 0 f the Allan us, and that they will
 eogitally write with w the tftnt here pro
 posed -^^keisrorost
 Slnuh' &gt;til behest?
 |3f.p life’s hole spas
 via flint ca- dssds it t» ths test—
 Test of the high bora sssl.
 Of cvsry hssarod Mh. __
 \om- bm ths Bravo dhah wis the goal-
 Sigoed on behalf of the Fawfjirrj^
Antal «f Ike An«rl«tl*r
 Aimiuoo ofPtoM*
 u&gt; a Jbeoftutan p«Wic,
 STftiiSli rf tht 9l»t#
then m thcfc nihiM Fur. tfci ob-
 Ml of whit* w to aoottia the “Norik- Sim
 To thane who no fearikai wi4h ttafi |*fM of
 fons boor it io uoMMurr to toook of ilo
 ■no. To ihaae who haw oot moo it wa
 maj nj, that wo reward it as ooe of the wry
 boot aoti-obwn ioatnunentmlitiaa aow to the
 field.
 Wo ate the oon ialßMaiodiott, heeanoo
 adambif qualified hf hiataloato and moral
 worth, to perform with credit tho aidaooa
 task of editing a paper devoted to oar eleva
 tion. We believe and treat that oot friends
 will five os their liberal aid.
 To our own people wo look earnestly ank
 hopefully. Sisters, Biol here, shall
 iovaio l The non baaeoterod into yoor snob.
 To go heavily, bowed down to the wry doat,
 dispirited, crashed by the weight of oppree
 aioo. Ye bear the taunts of the enemy.
 “They are so ignorant and unrefined' They
 are jealous of one ether? Yes, they unite
 but it io ooly to pot down one who ia mow
 intellectual than the aaam!” Prow by the
 unerring htnguige of eooduct that these as
 sertions so often thrown in our faces are ma
 licious slanders. Sustain F. Douglas*, be
 cause his talents and correct principles de
 mand yoor respect and confidence. Sustain
 him because it is right to do so, and becaosa
 of the sweet peace the performance of so wor
 thy an action will aaaotedly bring it into your
 beaotns.
 The Fair will be bold on Christmas week.
 Donations for it may be sent to
 HARRIET SMITH, 310 Lombard-street,
 RACHEL LLOYD, 303 Pine-street,
 AMY M. CASSEY, 113 Lombard-street,
 Or to any member of the Association.
 Elizabeth Aprs, Lydia Ans Bvbtill,
 MaBY BABBOTT, HkTTY BcRB,
 Louisa Bristol, Hetet Johnson,
 Hester Bust ill, Eliza Jones,
 Charlotte Mills.
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS, Cor, Sec*y.
 No 54 Mullberry st.
 Philadelphia, 6th mo., 25. 1849.
 “RiTHEIt DOUSTIVr.IT, RUT ITMOrOHTI;
 would try it.” Mr. Sloan—Sir: I had a fiae
 young hone which was taken w ith the scratches
 hot tall. I paid out about three dollars for medi
 cine to cure him but be grew worse. I then bought
 a boa of your Ointment at your office when in Chi
 cago but, (rather doubtingly, but I thought I would
 try it.) Judge of my surprise and my opinion of
 its beneficial qualities, when I found ray horse’s
 legs smooth and well in four days from the timo I
 conuaei ced applying it. Your obed*t
 E. F. COOK.
 WicKLirrc, Cook Co., Feb. IS, ’4B.
 (P* See Agents’ names at the head of Sloan s
 Column. For further [particulars and testimonials
 get pamphlets of agents.
 Remember the only original and genuine WIS
 TAR’S BALSAM OF WILD CHERRY, was
 introdued in the year 1838, and has been well ten-,
 ted in all the complaints for which it is recommen
 ded. Eor ten years it lias proved more efficacious
 as a remedy for Coughs, Colds, Influenxa, Bron
 chitis, Asthma and Consumption in its incipient
 stages, than any other medicine.
 SETH W. FOWLE, Druggist, No. 138 Wash-
 I ington street, Boston, Mass., is the sole proprietor
 of the original receipt for the manufacture of the
 i genuine medicine, aad supplies both at whoesale
 and retail, and of whom agencies can be obtained:
 Dr. Wm. A. Shaw says, I wish heartily the
 1 success of vour medic up. I consider overycase of
 arrest of the fatal symptoms of pulmonary disease
 ias a direct tribute to suffering humanity suid so
 hopeless are these cases generally, that physicians
 are always justified in using any remedy which has
 signally benefitted others. One thing is certain:
 the public have always a guaranty that paient med
 icines will generally oe sustained only just so long
 ias they are well prepared and continue to reliove
 or cure.
 In a more recent letter be says—“ As W istar s
 balsam of Wild Cherry is the only patent medicine
 to which I have ever given ray public recotnenda
 tion, I shall not be suspected by the candid of giv
 ing rash or precipitate testimony to what I bsve
 seeD and heard of its effects.”
 If genuine signed 1. BUTTS.
 For sale by Post St Willis; also by Wm.
 PITKIR.
Commercial.
Rochester, Oct. sth, 1849.
 Rochester.
 A portion of the past week was very wet and un
 comfortable for out of door business. Yesterday
 aud the day before the weather was good, and
 there were an unusual amount of business transac
 tions. Wheat for the past two days has come in
 very freelv. There was a little heaviness m the
 market yesterday, and the price fell off some; the
 fair range was 8s 3d aBs 6d, but few sales at the
 former price.
 Wholesale Price* Caneat.
 FLOUR aud MEAL— Duty 20 pe: adval
 Floor, P bbl _ 4 J^*o
 PROVISIONS^—Duty ;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 4 0»S»
 I-ard (tried) F
 Do. (leaf,) 2**7
 Hams, (smoked) R L,
 Shoulders, do. n 2* I®X
 SS. «5S i
 Turkeys pft Jf
 Chickens J? 4
 Potatoes, bush. 1
 GRAIN —Duty; 20 c ad val
 SS“: b h
 Oats 2
 Barley 10
 HIDES— Duty; Bp cad sal
 Slaughter 7$
 Calf M X
 pelti 4U 75
 SEED§—Duty; Linseed 10 pc; Mustard 20 p
 Cfew* 1 -375 m 5 00
 Ttamhv 150• 2 26
 i nZr? ioo
 piaH Duty on foreign caught; 20 pe ad val
 \Vhitefi»h "bbl 700
 Codfish cwt t 350
 SUNDRIES
 Sak, PbH 1 g
 ‘fit,,.
 iETrV-
 Hard wood 3 10
 Soft Wood f
2U&gt;t&gt; ertisements.
DM. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL BITBGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the ekiseue of Rochester j
 aud wnmmriiuf eouHtry, that 1 hare ressored my
 afece trout No. 80 Smith** Arcade to my dwelling i
 liause No. 92 Mouroe Street.
 lhaukfid lor pest favors in the list of my profits
 noo, and fiatteriag asytelf that I cao gire perfect j
 ■stisfarii to all who usj favor me with their pa
 tronage. 1 would write all those who are de
 siroos ofhavwg operatioos performed*® the teem or
 of having teeth inserted to cal ou am and mttrfy
 thi ‘-m. A CLARK.
 N. B. All oprrssws performed by me s® the
 terth and Phk Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oet. IS, 1048.
Tfee M CurMltj Shot,
 At No 48 Emkmmgt Street Rochester
 LLOVD SCOTT, grateful for the
 awarded him, would respettfidU inform hm|
 Irfeads awl thepnbfee g-mraßy. that hen yorarig j
 awl ChiSCv New and I
 SWowl hnnd nppnrel. In nddkin® tefois hmpmU
 went he wii h®y nnd seR Hnane and
 two,
 nnd ®ndn** of whkh may am hu
 SSaSSacSitti
 poyjihenJfy awl dupcscof at prjran.
 “Thn Old Cmasity Shop.
 Rochamnr March 1840.
l*ir*€«tttafr ni Wnmtm it
 P ALPH nUHCW’i Mm fafii
 tt wwim Htwi
Atrium Mi iocimte*
 MAIL-MOAD
 STHANGEIN TIME-—The trains wib commence
 V Mini* Rochester m by at for fhfoiwijw time:
 Eastward at lift 8* a*., I r.M. 7lr w
 Westward—a&lt; 8| a. 1 r.M.,ft| r.M. 11 r.M.
 BnrhssSar.May 1, W
 VTARRATfVS OF THE LIFE OF FEEDER
 IN KH DOUGLASS. wrisa by hM*rif, to be
 had at fosa effice, price 30 caau; arw Edit. 37ftc
HEW TIKE i»T EITISEMKATS.
 fttoni Salters’ Imm.
 330, Pmrl Street Sett York.
 FRIENDS af the skew, and stranger* aa a visit
 tp New York, eaa bow be accommodated with
 as food Board, and at as lowa price as ia any other
 hmt ia the eitv. The house h large and eon*
 earnest; will hold cearfurtnbiy seventy persons.
 Families am have private rooms, and every atten
 tioa paid to their romfott. WM. P- POWF.LL.
 May 11.1 AM.
JJE. J. M’CLNE SMITH, 93. Went Bread-
MRS. PETTIT woaU reapectffilfy mform her
 Friends aad the Pobfir, that she has removed
 fiom 130 to a cn mam dines house No. 191, Charch
 Street, where she will coatiaae to entertain respect
 aids enlaced persons with Board aad Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1549.
ELLIS a. POTTER’S Ready Made Cfothu*
 Store, 91 Canal Strait, between Charch Street
 aad West Broadway, New York. Abu—-A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gendenen’a Famishing Articles,
 constantly oa band.
 May 18, 1849.
JUST PUBLISHED and for mb at the office&gt;f
 of the Anti Bbvery Standard—
 The Legion of LByty and Force of Troth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of dose
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37| cts. in muslin,
 and 25 rents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights aad Appeal of
 omen from various' am hors, 12 j cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 181 rents,
 m. Brown's L ecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhnrst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cento.
PHILADELPHIA ADTERTISRM’TS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 VTEW GOODS just recived. General reduction i
 1 v in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Abo Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chinti Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities an.l
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.*
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling be.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos.,bleached,brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crashed and Pulverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by tho Managers of tlie Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry -sts
 I Philadelphia 2d tno. Ist, 1848. tf
Free Labor do«4s.
 ■MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro-
 XU duce Association, and for safe at No. 31, North
 Fiftb-nuwet, Philwfelpbia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleaclied; Muslin,
 bleaciied and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Limp Wick; Bed Ticking, an eiu
 cedent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 for Goods, or fetters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on band. j u
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh.
pH ARLES JONES, North Star House, No. 26,
 L North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers Tiflitiog the citj will find the North
 Slur House the most central, convenient and com
 fortubfe House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1. 1848. m 49
Aiti-Slavery Ofice,
 So. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on bund. Also a handsou.
 variety of mineellaneotn puijliCßtfoiui 9 and mefo
 and Fancy Stationery. _
 AU letters relating to the twines* of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—«f
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber be** leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to bis hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Maes.
 His boose was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facile
 ties for a philosophic and thorough coarse in hydro
 pethv. The supply of water is abundant, and in j
 parity has been pronounced equal to water on s
 disUUed.” Tbe location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the VTfo M. railroad. Tbe
 vietaity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely foil to obtain the
 healthlal results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mam., aged
 thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case preseated the following ph&gt; ao
 uwas. If placed ia an erect position, and left an
 •optioned, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made as
 effort to walk, either foot, when earned forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had bees in this cnaditioa nearly a
 ytar. Her treatment commenced the lffth of Sept.,
 had was ooetiaued to the 28th Oct. only, when she
 left, so for recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Btaee her return to her mealy, she
 has continued her baths, with corresponding tm
 provement to her health. She aow attends to her
 mie duties, aad with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her fomiiy.
 Patients an desired to bring three comfortables,
 tme pair of woollen Maakets, one pair of sheets,
 Imlf a doses towels marked, with old linen for
 b *Tenm. from five in tea dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choke of the patients.
 Those who are less pnrtimlsr in the selection &gt;A
 rooms, or ate wiffiag to occupy them ia common
 with others, will bn i-hargtid km.
 Athol, Match, IMS. GEORGE HOYT-
WM. H. TOFT, Mcrebaat T«W, *4O Bn»4-
 way. AiwMMMMttaMNtMMifCnTMi,
 8l»dw, Hotter*, Glow**, Ik
 AftMyJPffc 11,1040.
Pateer*» ArtMcUl Lee.
 THU) Mini} mew, bmmtitd, mmd mmmbiK kt-
 X vidbk liab, vfcidi hem r*c*iT«d tW
 t*w4t tadiMMt hearty T.tiaaaiali of afl t**
 ariaopaJ KttMifc iMiWim a*4 aarpaa**
 ■Mpittlt i* Uuo etrnmj, t* widini t*
 bw «a 4 d» Kab, a* l*ia* ia arary
 limb aawHbgw*i*»ai*arf fr» fa'jgj*
 by Main. PaLMIB, Co**u*»« H***o*-
 7Vy mmrrmmt e*a*fm*
 »*r■•***'*••
 Dr*. Havn.ro* a** 4
 £&gt;w'»w; r 1
Hllt’t C«LfMR.
 RF* AH the medirme* refract,*ed UW. R. Bbaa
 are sold by Pop It Wifb«, Wiaslow Yams, Is-
 Chester; 8. Kroshn* Frank*n, A. 8. Burst*lt.
 Co., Lewiston, T.k A. Frye, IWkpon CaM
 Kye, Ptlttfcrd W. WUHamy. BoffiJo. sad by
 mo-i throMgboat foe l aiard Stares.
 FAMILY OIJJTMFNT.
 S LOAN'S OINTMENT is now noiv«r*aHv *c
 knowfedged to he an iafoHihfe remedy, ia eeery
 care where it has bom fekkfidtv applied oa ib b
 van lor pr&lt;auoLng IsMSoUt Perspiratiore.
 draw tug oat the nfiuiostiu from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, aad ui it* healing qaali
 lie* foe world does on* prodare It* equal, aad foe
 pwbtM- promwmr* it the cheapest aad oes» Farndv
 Ointment tku has ever hcea need. AH diseases of
 the Ffefo. OftMtiaate I leers. Old3ere*. ttfbfcfo*
 Sore Throat, Barm-. Cat*, Cwtaoeoas Bnyftifio,
 Sore Nipple-, Sore Breast*. Disease* M foe Bj*.
 Ague in the foe*. *ide, tack. aad the other parts of
 the system. Roil*. Ulcer*. Scald Head, shames.
 Fresh Wnand*. aad every kind of sore* cuMHUMtaf
 ihe least panicle of inflamiuat too are pstemneatly
 cured b\ this grant remedy.
 W B. SIjOAN
 Grand Depot,4U lakr ei., Chicago, 11.
 wi can't urr twsc without it.
 Bitßßr's Grovb, WiHOo., 1D.,)
 October 24,1948. ft
 Mr. Sloa.v—Sir I liave tested ihe virtue of
 your Ointment in the rare of mtleuaakr bite*,sore
 thtwu, treran, ami many other iujwrire, aad ia every
 case it ha* wnpassed our exprctatiorw. As a Fami
 ly Ointment I have never seen its equal. and for
 beast* we can’t get along without o.
 Your*. Ate..
 MILL* M. JOHNSON.
 oemoi oiNTMtxr.
 .Mr. Sloax—Dear Su Fw u luutkknbh
 length ot* time I was seriously uffiictrd w itii the
 Rheumatic complaint, and .rallied fireely the vartott*
 liniments, nain4tiller&gt;, Ac., yyitliout any
 relict’. Aft c« which your agent at this pber infiu
 eared me to iry y.sir Ointment, and within two
 week* front the time I commenced u-iug it. die pan.
 cease«l, and I was effectually enred; and shall re
 commend all who are similarly afflicted with the di*
 tress in" complain!. to procure tout excellent oint
 ment without debi. Re«p\ mi's.
 OSCAR F M&lt;yrT.
 Piinreville. Pe.viaco.. 111., M.iy I. ‘4B.
 I'INOI K BfTTEN ENTIRELY Oil
 Two Mile- South of Chicago,
 Sept. 14, 1849. ft
 Dr. Sloan—Sit On tire Sih iust. my sou had
 finger bitten entirely »&gt;t) l&gt;&gt; i Itorse. We immeUi
 atelv applied yotu ceblirated tlimment which re
 lieved him ol pain in a feu minute*, and prevented
 the finger from swelling die l» u*i iwrticle, and the
 wound i- now healing rapidly.
 Re*peetfnllv \&gt;nn-.
 S. I«»CKW AY’.
 eKi'li AK rii LL.
 Are any affiictetl with pain.-. l»riti*e*,cuta oi *®re*
 of any kind Let tliem read W R. Sloan’s ad
 vertisemeni in anotlier rolimwi. We believe lit*
 ointment to4ie a prime article any thing of tlie
 kind ami no lininUie. Try a litilo "t' it lieforr you
 sufi'er any longer. It can lie had at nearly all the
 store* in this place.—(Kih&gt;\ InteUi^eacer.
 t’HK BEST AND HtAPEST
 lIORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 ASP
 CONDITION POWDER
 have earned A oreat same.
 For Punt ,j' Mtidntto, Saftty, Crrtamt'/
 and Thuroughnr** SLOANS
 OINTMEST Ercrh,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointment* and
 Liniments now in me lor tin* rure &lt;&gt;f Hie following
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds. C.alls oi all Kinds. Strains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Winjigalle.l’oll
 Evil, Callus. Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitlast,
 Strains, Lome net*. Sand Cracks, Foundered 1 eet.
 Scratclies or Crease. Mange ami Horn Oistetnper.
 The Powder w ill remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify tin- blood, loosen the skin, cleanse tiir
 water, and strengthen every part of ihe Irak anti
 has proved a sovereign remedy hr the li.flowiirg
 diseases:
 Distemppr* Hiilc-liounil) ul lu
 ward Strains, Yellow Water. lidlainmation ol' Uie
 Eves, Fatigue from hard exercise. Abo, fthemna
 tisnt, (eotnnionlv exiled stiff complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable horses in tin#,
 country. It is also a safe and certain remedy tor
 coughs amt colds, which generate so many fetal dn
 pajTa, W. B. .SLOAN,
 Orand lb*pot,4o Lake st .Clucafo, Ulmui*.
 EXTRACT FROM THE ‘‘GALENA N.iRTU-VVEN TERN
 GAZETTE.**
 Rv the use of Sfuuu’s Ouitmeut ami CunditMoi
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on um
 horse, and otherwise improved Ins condition more
 than SMO per cent, on the cost of ihe medicine. AnJ
 a cow which was so feeble sis to lie considered
 worthless by uiv*rlf ami neighbors, was restored to
 good health and sirengfh liy ilie use of less tlnu hall
 ■a oackage of tlie powder, and is now doing better
 thananv othrr row I have. WM VINCFNT.
 Small Fox, Mav 13.1*1*
 POPI'hAR OPINION.
 If populm opinion is any criterion of die worth
 of an article, we invite ihe imimfednmi to read at
 least a few of tlw many voluntary certificates which
 appear in oar columns respecting ilie great variety
 of Vetnarkalde cures fleeted by the use of Sloan's
 celebrated Ointment ami Condition Powder.”
 These remedies m&gt; longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility; tliey have passed from the tide of
 experiment, and now stand higher in reputation, and
 ace becoming more extensively used than all other
 articles of the kind.—lMichigau City New v
 THE HALf HAH NOT BEEN TOLD.
 Fox Kiv'r.n, dune 13, ‘4fl.
 DB. Sloan—Hear Sir Pk ««od by tbnheai
 or sew dupplv oi vour Hor*#' br
 are the best articles of tire kiwi that I have ev&lt;»
 med never haviim in fbrir
 as I have been in the use of other, even the roost
 celebrated Ointment*, Liniments, Iw -.0l the day.
 I like very much this feature m ibe*u, via: that they
 do all that is promised, ami upon a thorough trial
 owe is con-*r line-i to add that hall has not been
 ,„ri ICesuei ilidL,
 10 Yl IH DLFY
 THE DUPEREXc*.
 The ordinary Ointment- awl l.imatsb, it Mwell
 known, are sever.- and partial in Mr Bperatiou.
 Bksm’« Ointmeni is mild, yet ti gMggh i« reaches
 and removes lie- &lt;ause, hew. u «MM real aadper
 manent relief. is
 For purity, wildness, safety, tSMSIM
 iagfelH Sloan’s Ointment ever If, aßßria M|Mp
 superseding all other •nniiuem-' 'feßT BBfeßfeflß BVW
 in «ie.
 %t\kh
 Cmicauo, J an. Ah. im
 W. B. Sloan—Sir Ow &lt;4 ay l.&lt;#sr» wan hoof
 bowl and also wounded in its stifle, in which hr
 look cold, and became so .tippled that he could
 scarcely travel. By the free appiteattoi. of v&lt;~*
 vabmbfe Ointment, si. liooft were .oon softenedand
 the Bide permanently fared.
 twve alw “tt* l the Ointn *-o» in the case &lt;A Fell
 Evil and on severe galb with e»fual tuo
 Os n washed finger that uas very paintul it op
 crated hke s charm Y our., Itr, Kfe.
 A. VAN ORDEX
 iXTR AURCINARV Ci RE.
 Four mike north &gt;&lt;i Chicago. /osd lu&gt;
 Ylilw oikiej f’ook co., IIL, Apt**
 M» Si.oa*— Dmr Sir One sf my had a
 Urge boar Turn-* his U««. bone, mnardmely
 *w»&gt;— gin*!**'
 rIZ-'^VtS
 the lr«s&lt; Lear* I then pro
 febhr*ie.l Horse OiaUßral, &gt;ml
 «m.l 1 berauw f«Hy juried ihat|t ueuld
 „lifTf ihe smmuwL F.rutty, I oMniaed a
 TTL truly safeahfe OratmeM, and M\less
 ir*- andaya bun* 'heirs* appbcalioA the tune* en*
 S, ,u- aw! the horse well.
 Uf^r Vows. ElfWAKlk ARMsmcrVli
 gr Atit v ing nrrawfuci.
 From erery-psrt of the rauatry where Hlaae’s
 Horse Otnoneut and CmßUm Fowfee” hav« Ears
 utroduced, the proprietor law received the me
 gratify ua( .nteiligeare of their tea stkahfe efcti an
 popafeHty. la n awkwadn «f acn, they her*
 over diseaeee uhsch had bedkd the shJlt
 of ceMralcd Farrier*, and were mneideted meat*
 lie. These dictnee ate rapidly Tymidiig ah
 other rtaiAti twm ts ear, fst dfetaned harem aad
 v*r
"
