"NOTICES.
REUTERS *EW YORK ANTI.
 SLAVERY SOCIETY.
AVTTSLAVERT MEETINGS.
 CKarUis R-vnond and J. C. Hatha
 way, Agmrtsof the Western New York Anti-
 JHarerv Society, pro; tone to hold Anti Sla
 very Meetings, at the following places:
 Hopewell, Wed. March 8, at 2 p.oi. and
 evening.
 Vienna, Thursday and Friday, romrncacing
 on first day at two o'clock, p.tn.
 The fricods m tfa; diflbrent localities are
 expected to make all necessary arrangements.
Vote rr Thank*. —At a meeting of thr
 Executive ounniltee T l».dd on Vefcruary 15th,
 1848, on motion, it was resolved unanimously,
 'lYat we tender our grateful acknowledg
 ments to James N. Bum*, of Lynn, for
 his generous donation of Anti-Slavery Books
 to this Society, and thus contributing to
 help the cause along.”
 W. C. NELL, Rec. Sec.
Anti-Si. a vest Mrenro. —On Monday
 evening, Cth March, Frederick Docgliss
 will d diver an Anti-Slavery address in the
 Ford Street Biptist church, Rochester. To
 commence at seven o'clock, p.m. The pub
 lic arc respectfully invited to attend.
A Temi'Ekanck Meeting will he held in
 the Court House at the usual hour on Sunday
 evening, March 5, which will be addressed bv
 Frederick Doucglam.
DEATH OF JOHN Q. ADAMS.
 The venerable patriot and statesman John
 Quincy Ad Ms expired at the Capitol last
 evening, a little after sesen o'clock. He lin
 gered, to all appearance, insensible and un
 conseious, from the period of his attack on
 Monday, until an hour after sunset last even
 isg, when he gently breathed his last, and his
 spirit returned to God who gave it.” It is
 not for us to pronounce the eulogy of one so
 eminent, and so honorably and constantly
 associated with all that was exalted in his
 country's history, from the very foundation of
 the Government to the present tune. That
 task will be fittingly discharged by more com
 petent and more appropriate hands. It will
 suffice for this brief notice to say, that feu
 men have filled a larger space, or acted a
 more important part in the great civil affairs
 of their country that few have commanded
 a higher admiration for abilities, or won a
 wider respect for unwavering integrity and a
 sight adherence to his views of duty. Ilis
 domestic character was not less bright than
 liis public, and was truly above all praise and
 all reproach.— Nat. Intelligencer Feb. 24.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER. MARCH 3, 1848
COLORED CHURCHES—NO- 11-
 In discussing this subject, we will not
 overlook or disregard tha fact, that those
 institutions have a place in the holiest affec
 tions and associations of colored persons
 themselves; and that calling them in question
 will be, by many, regarded a most unwarrant
 able and sacrilegious interference with God
 approved and hcaven-onlained institutions.—
 We say to any such, Pause before you con
 demn. Give attention to what we are about
 to say. Weigh well our words, and judge
 dispassionately. Remember that error may
 be safely tolerated, if truth be left free to
 combat it; and that you are required to prove
 all tilings, and hold fast to that which is
 good and that you arc toll by the great
 Teacher hi»self, to judge for yourselves what
 is right. We do not wish this discussion to
 be all on one side, and shall therefore gladly
 welcome to our columns any views conflict
 ing with our own on this subject. Wc raise
 this question, (and are prepared to discuss it
 w'ith Dr. Smith, Alexander Crummell, or any
 other advocate of separata religious organi
 zations,) to wit: Are churches esjwcially as
 signed to the use of colored persons in this
 country, consistent with the true idea of hu
 man brotherhood, the spirit and precepts ol
 the Christian religion, and the best means of
 improving the moral and religious condition
 of the colored people We recommend this
 question to the consideration of debating so
 cieties, as well as to out entire fellow country
 men.
 In speaking against the existence of
 colored curchos, wc don't wish to be under
 stood as attaching particular blame to the
 persons composing them. They, for the
 part, are without blame. They have
 cone what seemed to them best. In the
 founders of those churches, the motive fur
 tsparating from the white churches was in
 e&gt;ery respect commendable. It was a blow
 ttruek in the cause of religious liberty. It
 v ts a declaration of ecclesiastical independ
 ence and while we dislike the measure as
 unwise and injudicious, we nevertheless re
 *ct the motive which impelled them to
 a ‘opt it. Their white religious brothers had
 proved themselves oppressors. They were
 proscribed, degraded and insulted in the very
 house of God. They were denied equal
 privileges, compelled to be seated in a sepa
 rate and distant part of the bouse of worship,
 ft up as a mark for tha proud finger of
 3cirn. At the very altar, where were dealt
 the emblems of the death and Bufferings
 Him tflio, when on earth, taught his de
 voted followers the equal brotherhood of the
 r.re, by making his bad among the lowly,
 and. drawing about him the poor and ready,
 th:- wretched and the despised, even here
 it. 7 were proscriiied and insulted, solely on
 account of the cub* hi which an allwisc God
 bad clothed them. I*h dr grievances were
 numerous and weighty. They had rai.se for
 their conduct; and th** censure due to building
 uj sects and denouuaafons on the mere com
 plexion of peisons, must fall &lt;&gt;u those who
 forced colored persons ;ilo such relations.—
 Jsot withstanding, wc c*.» mH fe d at liberty to
 censure tluwo who have formed such
 churches. We must insist that it would have
 tioen far better (or them to have stood up man
 fully for their rights in the several white
 churches to which they belonged, treating
 t! &gt;*c churches as mere htanau urgamzatiiius,
 and exposing their uitjOst and unnatural con
 duct before the people. Wo do not bkunc
 men for sitting in w hat is called the negro
 pfvr, but ws blame the ta for having it under
 .stood that they sit th-r from choice, and that
 t ey recoguizu the cbarch as a Christian
 -*dy which b«|uir«» such uisdwtetian dts
 unotion in the bouse of worship. They
 f to ild have earnestly protested, under the
solemn sanction of Christianity Hartf, against
 such an open- tiolWaan of that religion vhasft
 regards all niukri alike. Thii done; And
 if imsucuiaafal, clhacbes might have been
 formed apm the basso of that religion which
 proclaims he doctrine of onitersal brother
 hood and the cmnnasn equality of all its mem
 bers; thus preventing the evil of separate
 organizations for the especial use of colored
 persons, and laying the burden and dtagraee
 on the white churches tor compelling us to the
 measure.
ASTI-SLAVE BY MEETING AT
 WILLIAMSON.
 The Anti-Slavery Convention, held on
 Saturday and Sunday last, in Williamson.
 wan truly a bright and spirited one. The
 audience was large and earnest. As we en
 tered the Baptist Church, where the meeting i
 was held during the first day, Charles Lenox
 Remond was on his legs, pouring forth to the
 excited assembly a must impassioned and elo- j
 quent address, designed to show that the
 I Anti-Slavery was the white, as well as the
 black man's cause. Already we observe the
 fire of freedom burning. After Remond,
 Giles B. Stebbins (a more truthful and clear
 sighted friend of the cause than whom does
 not breathe) took the platform, and engaged
 the attention of the audience in a brief but
 pertinent speech, on the same subject. After
 him, we were called for, and responded in a
 speech which occupied about one hour, and
 the afternoon meeting adjourned to seven
 o'clock.
 In the at the time appointed,
 the meeting house was again well filled.—
 Men, women and children, age, youth and
 beauty, w r ere there, and all alive in the cause
 freedom. It was truly heart-cheering to
 look out upon the warm-hearted assemblage.
 At the very commencement, a* man of a very
 strange name, (which we have forgotten,)
 and stranger views, rose, and in a very
 strange way, proceeded, as well as we were
 able to understand him, to oppose the adoption
 |of several resolutions, affirming the wicked
 ness of slavery and the hypocritical character
 of the American people. To show that we
 had no right to pass such resolutions, he read
 a letter from Elihu Burritt, on using slave
 J produce. He was listened to with attention,
 I J
 and replied to by Remond, in a manner that
 left no doubt as to what was right and who
 was wrong in the matter. We made the clo
 sing remarks, and the meeting adjourned to
 meet again on Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock,
 in the same place.
 During the night there came on a heavy
 snow storm, which continuing nearly all the
 1 forenoon of Sunday, left the earlh covered
 eighteen inches deep, and mantled the forest
 with purest elegance and beauty. At two
 o'clock, the meeting assembled at the Metho
 dist, instead of the Baptist meeting house.—
 We were not present, but were informed
 that the meeting was a good one. Hathaway,
 j Remond and Stebhins severally addressed the
 meeting, and it adjourned to meet again in the
 evening.
 j Again the house was crou’dcd, and the
 meeting passed off in the most satisfactory
 manner. Remond made one of the most
 soul-stirring addresses we ever heard from
 his ever-eloquent lips. The impression was
 deep, and we think it will be lasting. At the
 j close of the meeting, an Anti-Slavery Sewing
 i Circle, auxiliary to the Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society, was notified to meet
 this day at the house of John Mott. Out
 friends in Williamson came nobly up to the
 work. Griffith M. Cooper, the veteran friend of
 the Indian, as well as the African, aided, with
 sympathy, hospitality and money, to help the
 cause along.
GREAT RELIGIOUS REVIVAL*.
 They are, we regret to observe, becoming
 uncommonly prevalent throughout our war
 making and man-stealing, ecclesiastical and
 political Union. Vermont, New Hampshire,
 Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York,
 Tennessee, and Mississippi, are triumphantly
 trumpeted by our slaveholding religious press,
 as being at present favored with a most co
 pious out-pouring of the spirit of God. There
 is a revival now going forward in this city.
 We understand that one has been in progress
 at Waterloo, during the entire winter; another
 too, is on the full tide of successful opera
 tion” in Genet a. Churches and Ministers
 which have during along period, gone through
 the dead form and dumb-show of religious
 worship, with as little life, as if the Holy
 spirit had bidden them adieu aud taken its
 everlasting flight—are at last aroused from
 their stupor by the galvanic operation of pro
 tracted meetings. Of the various plans pro
 posed, for getting up these revivals, none
 seem to be regarded with more general favor,
 than protracted insetings. All praying in the
 closet, and preaching in the pulpit, seem un
 availing in producing a revival without these.
 But to cany on these successfully, extra nrtai
 of a peculiar cast must be employed. The
 usual minister answers very well for the com
 mon occasions of religious service but he
 cannot create or manage the storm of revival.
 A preacher must be obtained by importation
 or otherwise, possessing largely, that wonder
 ful quality—known among old revivalists, as
 the falling power.” The genteel and re
 fined, Jo not usually possess this power—re
 vivals rddom follow the polite and beautiful
 sermons of R-rcrened I)rs. of Divinity these
 tnav do very well for Sunday morning, when
 the heads of the congregation have been cool
 ed, cleared, and chastened by refreshing sleep;
 but such ministers arc wholly ungual to stir
 ring up lira! wild fire ia the passions of a
 community, which is comprehended in the
 i term revival.” ]t requires more ol
 jthe “old Rough and Ready” material, tu
 I create aud earry through these high and bois
 tcrous storms of fiery passion, than is usuallv
 possessed by learned Dn. The latter, there
 -1 fore, are commonly lost sight of during these
 times. Large lungs are found to be far more
 effective, than large heads, while revivals are
 in progress. But when the revival is over,
 order lakes the place of confusion reaaoo
 controls the passions ilte man w ho lias near
 ly exhausted Ins organs of speech, nuned his
 lungs, and through whose powerful and wcar
 ing labors hundreds have beso */t&lt;Ud to the
 church, nun* give way to make plsee for
 some Dr., who, as trough says, u pots the
 p dial iug on.
 One of this unfortunate clam, has long wrho
 bent the bush, while others caught the hare,”
 cotnpkiiucd to us a few days ago, that doc
crrtfit had not bee* ffrea to him by hk man
 refried kethrea of(lbe craft, for hating ben
 *be mem under Goo, of awakeamf soak,
 and getting op a revival in Ua town. He
 gate tt» no ascotl of the very quit, (to one
 Ua ovrn wools,) where the revival “broke
 •at,” aad traced it from one church to another
 all over the vicinity. In oooe ofthoae church
 es, he acid, waa anything mentioned? indica
 ting who bad commenced the work- la all
 the exclamations of this apparently sincere
 and good man, about the value of precious
 souk andthegloryofGed.it waa evident,that
 be had not forgotten the meed of praise doe
 tn himself. Well, could anything else he ex
 pected, when a man who baa toiled and sweat
 ed, and almost worn out his hangs in convert
 ing souk, sees another too bay and lifeless u&gt;
 get up a revival for himself, oat only pocket
 ing the cadi resulting from those labors, bat
 actually carrying off the glory of these revi
 vals we do not marvel, that they feel grieved
 and wronged. It is, however, no part of our
 purpose to remedy this evil—we allude to it
 simply as an illustration of the characters of
 the men engaged in carrying oo revivab.
 The great purpose for which we call atten
 tion to this subject, is because of its relation
 and bearing upon the righteous reforms of the
 age, and especially the anti-slavery reform.
 It is remarkable as it is true, that the high
 claims of outraged humanity, are never more
 disregarded, than in times of what are popu
 larly called religious revivals, and by the very
 persons professing to be most deeply interest
 ed in carry ing on. There may be ex
 ceptions to thi/broad and general statement;
 but our whole experience as a slave, and as a
 freeman at the South and at the North, con
 firms us in the full truth of this statement.
 In these days, humanity has cause to mourn
 rather than rejoice over what is popularly re
 garded, as an out-pouting of the spirit of God.
 It was not so in the days of Christ and his
 Apostles. A revival then, was in perfect
 keeping with going about doing good, reliev
 ing distress* enlightening the ignorant and im
 proving the physical condition of mankind to
 propose such worksto our revivalists, seems al
 most a wasteful expenditure of time they
 treat such works with contempt, stigmatizing
 them as infidel movements, calculated to draw
 off attention from the all important and solemn
 duty of saving souls. During one of these re
 vivals, recently, at Waterloo, the minister
 made us the especial object of attack, calling
 us by name, denouncing us as being a child
 of the devil, and coupling us with the vilest
 of persons. We are informed, that he called
 the names of several others, and his sermon
 applied to them the most disgusting epithets;
 and when an intelligent and highly respecta
 ble gentleman of the place asked permission
 to say a word in behalf of his absent and as
 persed friends, he was vociferously and in
 sultingly told, he should not be allowed to
 speak. This is a fair specimen of our Rever
 end revilers. Availing themselves of the ad
 vantages of the pulpit, to stab and blast the
 character of absent men; and when their
 falsehoods are attempted to be exposed, they
 take shelter under the laws protecting reli
 gious worship. They are very brave men in
 assaulting w hen the hands of their victims are,
 tied. They can utter the most malignant
 falsehoods, when no one is allowed to expose
 them they can talk loudly of meeting all the
 imps of pandemonium, and yet shrink from an'
 open and free discussion w ith an humble
 comeouter.” Ob the cowards We think
 all laws, giving to religious meetings su
 perior advantages to others, ought to be at
 once repealed. Religions meetings ought to'
 be controlled by the same laws of decency and
 order, that check and control the action of
 other meetings. Why should a malignant
 minister of religion, be allowed pulicly to
 misrepresent and asperse the characters of
 those he may wish to harm, any more than
 any other man There is no good reason for
 it, yet such is the case a man in the garb of
 a religious minister, is allowed to deal
 damnation” on w homsoever he may elect, and
 if any reply be attempted, the person so doing,
 is denounced as a disturber of religious ser
 vices.” Oh Rtligion, what deeds are done
 in thy sacred name. Our old master, a real
 revival class leader in the Methodist church,
 used to tie up a young woman, our owm cousin,
 and scourge her naked back, till her w arm
 blood dripped at her feet and in justification
 of his fiendish brutality, he would quote this
 passage of Scripture
 j He who kno wet* i hi* master’* u ill and doetli it
 not, *hall he beaten with many stripes.”
 j We know, that what we say of these wick
 led revivals and revivalists, is not to be set
 i down to the charge of Christianity itself, or to
 j ‘rue piety against these we have nothing to
 say. It is against revivals, that go hand in
 hand with the slave trade—a religion that
 sanctions robbery, murder and wholesale
 adultery—a piety that covers with glory, the
 j bloody pirate—a church which has man-steal
 ers and women-whippers for members and
 ministers—w hich regards as Christians, those
 j who traffic iu the souls and bodies of men, and
 who shelter themselves from our rebuke under
 the pretence, that God is owning and blessing
 their labors, by reviving his work among
 them a band of religious professors, who are
 loud in their real for God, and arc heartless
 and indifferent about the welfare of man. We
 say it is against such as these, that we would
 hurl the most pointed rebukes, and brand
 them with the deepest condemnation.
Thr Blackstonk Chronicle. —The first 1
 number of this paper made its appearance on j
 the 26th of February, un&lt;L*r the editorial
 management of Oliver Johnson, Esq. The;
 paper is of double medium size, neatly print-,
 ed—terms one dollar and seventy-five cents j
 in advance, and two dollars if paymeat be
 delayed. The paper is to be fettered by
 neither sect nor party. The editor informs
 his readers, that the Chronicle is intended—
 first of all, lobe a 4 family newspaper/' We
 however, gather from its preliminaries, that
 it is to be altogether different from the iruAy
 uvsAy trash in the shape of American news
 paper, already too extensively circulated and
 read in the sacred family Circle. Nothing
 need be said in praise of either the industry,
 enterprise, experience, or ability of the editor.
 Ail who know him are aware that he poo
 aesoes every qualification necessary to make a
 most able and interesting paper; and we have
 no doubt of his complete success.
lIT The Hoo. John P. Hale,of the Senate,
 and the Hon. JosWia R. Guiding*, of the
 Hook of Representatives, win accept onr
 thanks for Cq»pcssio»al documents.
bit. mrau H.cwwc*im.
 We see it staked to the New Turk Et»
 gefieit that thft recreant eobed wk Im
 retsraed to this country f sad b «ow in Phib
 ddphia. He west to England tar the pw
 pane of nitaf money, with whiah to build
 aed pay tar ehsreh. Wo nedettaood that
 he has boea very aoeecmtal, and has ooo&gt;
 eroded h getting largo anas Am AJbolitam
 iata fer thb porpooe. While m Setaknd. he
 eras the companion of Beggs, r ■oeinghtm,
 Candliah, *e., of the misnamed Free ChoTch.
 Yea, he wao in tall fellowship with the only
 church in that country, which dares to fellow
 ship with and defend the Christian character
 of, American amaetoafets. He was careaoed
 and honored by the men who cams to this
 country, preached in the pulpits, and collected
 money from manatealen; who saw the slave
 in rags and wretchedntm, whhoot marriage,
 without Bibles, withoat Sabbath-schools,
 without the privilege of learning to read the
 oarne of the God that made them, nd never
 raised a whisper of rebuke to their enslavers,
 nor gave a word of sympathy to the perishing
 slave. Strange companionship indeed for a
 colored minister! We would thank any one
 of our readers in Philadelphia to send us the
 address of this gentleman, published in the
 Ledger of that eity, immediately after the
 mob of 1842, for we desire to pay our res
 pects to this reverend orator at another time.
«ET. ITBPBBJV B»
Commits icATioNs. —lt is a source of ex
 treme pride, and great encouragement, that
 our editorial table is constantly stocked with
 well written articles and communications,
 from the pens of colored writers, many of
 whom, like ourself, have never enjoyed the
 advantage of one day's schooling in their
 lives. If they are intelligent, they are so not
 only without the fostering aid of outward cir
 cumstances, but against their most powerful
 influences. We shall entertain no fears as to
 the ultimate and complete freedom and equal
 ity of the colored people in this country, when
 they shall once adopt and enjoy the custom of
 reading and writing, and seize upon the or
 dinary means of intellectual improvement.
 We proclaim the high mission of our Star
 to be, the awakening of the oppressed to a
 just sense of their wrongs, a high apprecia
 tion of their Heaven-derived rights—the im
 buing of their mir.ds with a manly self-respect
 a spirit of enterprise and industry, and a
 virtuous ambition. In order to this desirable
 end, we shall publish as many such articles
 a^we conveniently can, that as many of the
 oppressed may speak as possible; and that
 they may have the satisfaction of knowing
 that their thoughts and feelings are going to'
 swell the common tide of opinion, which shall
 one day bring a glorious deliverance to our
 race. We counsel such as have written
 articles, not to be discouraged, because they
 may not always find a place in the North
 Star. Want of room frequently excludes
 articles which in other circumstances it would
 be quite proper to publish. We shall do the
 very best we can in this respect.
Fame and Glory is the title of an address
 before the literary societies of Amherst Col
 lege, at their anniversary, August It, 1847,
 by Charles Sumner, Esq. We have.read
 this timely and highly instructive address
 with feelings of intense satisfaction. Mr.
 Sumner, though a highly cultivated gentle
 man and scholar, often alluding to books we
 have never seen, and to the sayings and do
 ings of men of whom we (a poor fugitive
 have never heard, has nevertheless put us in
 possession of his valuable thoughts on fame
 and glory, which, we trust, will be as useful
 to others as we intend to make them to
 ourself.
Pittsburgh, February 19, 1848.
 Bear Douglass —This, probably is my
 last letter hailing- from this quarter, and I
 should have been gone ere this, but Provi
 dential matters, beyond my control, have
 prevented.
 Anti-Slavery, as such, is still at low tide in
 this quarter, the almighty dollar,” the
 over-ruling pelf, being first in thought, first
 in desire, and the first thing grasped at bf
 our fallow countrymen. The Temperance
 cause is begyyiing to look up,” I having,
 by invitation, addressed the Pittsburgh So
 ciety of Washingtonians, on Monday evening
 last, in Temperance Hall, and on the follow
 ing Friday evening, the Rev. Mr. West, of
 the Fifth Presbyterian Church, a Scotch
 gentleman, gave a most edifying and classic
 lecture, before a crowded honse. One of Mr.
 W esl's strongest arguments was illustrated;
 by a simile, in which the kidnapper, the slave
 trader and the slaveholder, were the figure
 used for demonstration. He is an Anti-
 Slavery man, of*the old conscientious Scotch
 school, and does not scruple to avow his sen
 timents, even in the presence of slaveocrats
 and Cokmizationists, as there were in this
 instance a goodly number present. One dip
 more, and the old gentleman would stand
 unblemished in Abolition, as he now does in
 morality—l mean when he cuts himself loose
 from obligations to pro-slavery government,
 and above all, a pro-ehvery church. His is a
 new school.
 The Underground Railroad is in high flight,
 and doing a lair business here and while I
 write, a panting fugitive enters my room, in
 company with a brother, seeking aid and ad
 vice. Of course I immediately sent the!
 brother out lor aid. He returns—a ticket is;
 obtained—and another moment, and be is
 on his way rejoicing
 Ho, the car Emanripatkia,
 Ride* majestic tbruugb oar uatioa
 The Whigs have another long and loud
 call fur a candidate meeting in this city.—
 Scott is the choice of this call. What in the
 world they intend doing with ail their nomi
 nees, they only know. There is also a
 suggestion lor a Taylor meeting. Ilia thought
 that there is not much difference between
 the Clay and Taylontes, as the aim of both
 parties seem to be to support a alavekolder at
 all hazards. When a house is divided
 against itself, it eannot stand.” I am in
 hopes that tbs Whig* will stand long enough
 to overthrow the pro-ebtvery Democrats, then
 fall themselves, never nun to rins, until thin
 whole abveocvatic nation shall have heooaae
 regenerated.
 The Mexicans, it would appear, an not yet
 conquered; so far is this tram being the
 cane, that they, if army reports are at afl re
 liable authority, have now in the field an army
 of *O,OOO able-bodied men,,ready to make, or
mm UJ &lt;—naitrntinns which wj be
 ■ale apui 1 k trar, dwi* an tu
 mors «f peace, (natal without llnddw of
 fiinartitina: m, without doubt, than
 fighting yet to b* done is Mexico —no?, with
 out a speedy issue rf peace, tbe struggle is
 mmlj begin.
 Hayti, aconrifing to tipeiga reports, is asm
 is qaite a paosparoos condition. Tbs IW
 deal is very popular with the people, sad
 afl departments of the Government har-
 I s» that tint most infamous personage,
 O'Doancll, Gsrnnor ot Cuba, ie to be suc
 ceeded by oae whose eap of nsfailjr, is to
 be hoped, will never equal in fuHoem that of
 this man. O’Donnell is one ef, if not the
 largest African slaveholder in tbe trorid, and!
 neat to Pedro Blanco, the wretched proprietor
 of tbe slave factories on the coast of Africa,
 is the greatest slave trader living. Perhaps
 there is not a slave of the hundreds which
 tail out of Cuba, that is sot partly owned by
 O'Donnell. So wealthy has he become by
 this infernal traffic in human beings, that the
 crown of Spain is alarmed at his influence
 over the Colony. He is the same, it will be
 remembered, who, when tbe Memorial from
 the World’s Convention, for the abolition of
 slavery, went forth, invoking the immediate
 action of the crowned heads of Europe, and
 the sore reign ties of the world, in aid of the
 great cause, declared, that though an act
 were passed by the Cortes Councils, sanc
 tioned by the Sovereign, for the abolition of
 slavery in the Spanish Colonies, he would
 never, while acting as the Chief Magistrate
 of that Island, permit such an act to take ef
 fect there.” This stand was taken by him
 in an official proclamation to the slaveholders
 of Cuba.
 It may be well, in this connection, to name
 the fact that Trist, who is ndw in Mexico, as
 the Representative of this Republic, en
 deavoring to treat with an Anti-Slavery nation,
 is also a slaveholder, and the same who, as
 the resident Consul of the U. S., endeavored
 his utmost to"effect the re-enslaveroent of the
 Amiatad captives. Trist is a fast friend of
 O'Donnell, and also enters, it is said, and 1
 doubt not the report is correct, largely into
 the foreign slave-trade. His immediate inter
 est is in the barracoons or slave factories of
 Cuba, and instead of being, as he naw is, i n
 Mexico, the representative of a nation making
 high pretensions to justice, he, by their own
 laws, the act of Congress, 1808, should be
 branded as a felon and pirate. If we except
 Pedro Blanco and O'Donnell, there is no
 one who is more our enemy than Mr.
 Trist.
 The recent re-publication of the- letter of
 the Duke of Wellington to Sir John J. Bur
 goyne, a Major General in the British.army,
 respecting the dangerous exposure of the
 English coast to French invasion, has created
 quite an alarm, as well as thrown into specu
 lation the political world. Neither is it hard,
 for any who at all understand political econo
 my, especially the present history of the poli
 tical world, to determine the cause, at such a
 time as this, when England is at peace with
 all nations,” and especially in friendly rela
 tions with France, of the issue of such a doc
 ument by the Duke.
 Louis Philippe, King of France, is cer
 tainly, in my estimation, a great politician,
 having a great portion of the shrewdness,with
 all the intrigue of Talleyrand, inheriting a
 greater share ofi duplicity than most men liv
 ing. And what no monarch of France, from
 Louis I. to the F.mperor Napoleon, was
 ever able to effect by political intrigue, pow
 er and the sword, Philippe is about to accom
 plish by duplicity, yet carried out in a manner
 the least to be suspected.
 It is known that France has ever desired a
 universal mastery, as shown by the Welling
 ton letter, having, at different periods, occu
 pied every capital in Europe, save that cy
 England. The extension of a royal family
 over different kingdoms, has, in Enrope, ever
 been regarded as a most dangerous precedent,
 and more dreaded by rival powers than fleet
 and armies. For the consummation of a pro
 ject of such mighty magnitude, the Court at
 Versailles has resorted to means unparal
 leled at least in modern ages.
 This subtle monarch, who has neither the
 propensity nor talents for military achieve
 ments, commenced his rapid strides to power
 first by tbe crusade of his eldest son, the Duke
 of Orleans in 1833, upon the Northern nations
 of Africa, whom, with little or no resistance,
 he expected to subdut; and this once being
 effected, would give a pretext for a powerful
 fleet to cruise the Indian Ocean and Mediter
 ranean Sea, and continually act as a check
 upon the formidable Baval force of Great
 Britain. But contrary to his expectations,
 the resistance met from Abd-el-Kader foiled
 and baffled that great project. In the mean
 time, the Duke was killed by a fall from his
 horse, upon his own estate, near Paris.
 The next effort was in 1835 —a demonstra
 tion upon the Republic of Hayti—for which
 purpose an expedition was fitted out, of which
 his second son, Prince de Joinville, was the
 Chief, aided by Baron Lascasses, with whom
 it was left optional whether that demonstration
 should be made by treaty or bombardment.—
 But the Prince and Baron, having before
 their mind's eye the fate of General Leclere, j
 the greatest captain and military tactician
 under Napoleon, considered it no disgrace to j
 enter into friendly negotiations with the war- j
 like Republic. Leaving Hayti, without an
 opportunity of testing the military skill of
 tbe Prince, the next attack was in 1836,up0n
 Vers Crux, by storming tbe Castle of St.
 Juan ds Ulloa. In this, tbe squadron was
 quite successful, the Mexicans, under Santa
 Anna, being repulsed, with the lons of a leg
 or foot by that chieftain.
 The Prince haring proved his military abil
 ity, the old King, as the first link in the great
 chain by which the fidelity of foreign powers
 was to be scoured to Fiance, manages to
 consummate s marriage between his son, the
 Prince de Joinville, and Clementina, daugh
 ter to the Emperor of Brasil. Thie great
 link being wedded, in order to dope England
 mto an indifferent observation of his rapid
 strides, the masterly step was to effect the
 union of Prince Augustus Coburg, brother to
 Prince Albert, husband to tho QnerfU of
 England, with bissecood daughter. Another
 link faiMig completed, he leagues in the tins of
 matrimony Duke de Montspenmrr, his third
 non, to Isabella, Queen of Spam.
 No sooner is this effected, the Inst liak of
 the great eaUs being complete, than the heafeh
 of the lafirott Isabella** bneomro impaired,
or ike aftal rata gim «a my ofpobl*
 Mb, and a prvpomiM at oom b rode u&gt; sbdi
 aaaa tka throe ia flaw at her Duke
 4a Moitf rawer Of conns this it once
 fives Spaia to the Grows of France, which
 wffl thereby sot oa)y bold the key of Eu
 rope, but key of tho Western
 Hemisphere, aho ia her hands. The last
 stroke of the hammer Gehf struck, all
 France being open her leal, each officer at
 hie station and each man at hie post, Loots
 Philipp* looking upon his owsei as sore, as
 the crowning scene ia the drama, efforts the
 appointment of Prince de XoinviDe to the
 Lord Admiralty of the Navy of France on
 office of the same import and rank, bat called
 by another name. All thia ia bat a prelude
 to the design of Eoorpe. Of
 course England would be the first point of
 attack; and there is no man living more ca
 pable, and none who would so quickly dis
 cover and effectually foil the designs of the
 crafty old monarch, aa the invincible conquer
 or of Napoleon.
 But are we no\ interested deeply in these
 movements? Mow certainly vre are. Eng
 land. at present, is the masterspirit of the
 world. Her every example ia to promote the
 cause of Freedom and had she possessed
 the same principles during the revolution
 ary period, in every place that she possessed,
 slavery would have been abolished. Hence,
 slavery in this country could not have stood;
 for the slave ones tasting freedom, all the
 powers of earth and hell osuld not have re
 duced him again to servitude.
 But bow with France? She is a slave
 holding power, deeply engaged in human
 traffic, favoring and fostering the institntion
 of slavery wherever she holds the power or
 influence and with the able politician and
 learned statesman, Guizot, at the helmNfcf
 affairs, the cause and progress of liberty would
 be retarded for years.
 Yours, in behalf of our oppressed and
 down-trodden countrymen,
 M. R. D.
Errata. —ln my first letter, I intended to
 say, Laic had more to do with slavery than
 another honorable calling.
 In my second, speaking of the sum fixed
 by the act of Congress of 'U3, it should read
 at $5OO, instead of $l5OO, as made by the
 compositor. Thera were three slaves in the
 Mitchell case; hence the sura of $l5OO ex
 torted from Dr. Mitchell. M. R. D.
Female Legislators. Two ladies are
 members of the Prussian Diet, and have a
 right to take their seats, and vote, among the
 nobles. They are the Princess of Sagan
 Talleyrand, formerly the Duchess of Dino,,
 and the Countess Kiclmanscgge; these ladies
 have only availed themselves of their rights
 by proxies.
Hayti. —The forty-fifth anniversary of the
 independence of Hayti was celebrated on the
 evening of the 3ist of December and the Ist
 of January, with great pomp. The Fcuille
 de Commerce publishes the commercial treaty
 concluded at Port au Prince, on the 15th of
 May last, between France and Hayti, and the
 forma] ratification thereof, with the proclama
 tion of President Solouque.
ID 3 An English paper says,“ It is rumored
 that a few gentlemen of London have formed
 themselves into a committee for bringing about
 an improvement in the dress worn by men.”
LLr Henry, the slave in Mrs. Spring's
 boar ding-house Washington, who was sold to
 a slave-dealer by his mistress, after he had
 bought himself of her, and had paid her the
 priee within a few dollars, has finally been
 set at liberty through the exertions of several
 member* of Congress. The female mis
 creant who sold him to himself and then to a
 flesh-jobber, was made to disgorge a good
 part of the later plunder. A further sum
 $lBO dollars \v3s subscribed, and his freedom
 secured—until somebody shall steal and sell
 him again Tribune.
ID* Our correspondent Tony is tho
 roughly devoted to the cause of freedom we,
 however, doubt the wisdom of his measures,
 as well as the propriety of his language but
 of the latter wc are willing that he shall be
 the judge. Tony speak* for himself.
 ID* A number of colored persons, both
 free and slave, were arrested in New Orleans
 on Sunday, the Bth ult., for the crime of a»»
 sembiing to worship God A New Orleans
 paper mentions, as an evidence of their crimi
 nality, that one of them had a Bible and three
 prayer-books.
“No Niggers. A Sabbath School
 Teacher in Louisville, Ky., was exhorting a
 poor, pious old female slave to be very hum
 ble—reminding her that she should be like
 the Lord Jesus, who had neither house nor
 home. Yes,” she added with emphasis
 blessed be God—he had no house—no home
 —and no niggers
American Civilization.—The following
 notice, which is posted in the Moyamensmg
 Soup House, will doubtless one day be highly
 prised by antiquarians, as a relic of the dark
 ages:
 Notice.—White people served in the
 house. Colored people served at the window,
 and in no other way. Byorder of the Board.”
ID* A Democratic State Convention has
 been called by the Barnburners in our State
 Legislature, to assemble at Utica on the
 30th of Sept., to nominate Governor, Presi
 dential electors, See. A majority of the
 Loco Foeo membes of each House unite to
 this call.
Debts Ctrl v« fur.—The main building
 of the woollen factory at Northfield, Vermont,
 with the machinery and a large part of the
 stock, vii destroyed by fire on Monday night.
John P. Hale voted alone in the Senate,
 against the bill thanking and rewarding the
 chief botchers in the Mexican war.
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
 S. B. n. tmmtrmi, Phase
 wad da Nils at joar anr tmLmcrtim, at Mt.
 Cam. Marfan* Tboana is Aa aator an mam mm
 mm Bask.
 I. C. 8..1 aataaiiOhn. —Ftk litk,received.
 The papers bn heap rsgahriy aailM
 aaiFak. MhnmvaL
 R&gt; R., MaachesSar, Hm *f»wr at Pik M
 iwaW. Yam papers awe aaihd M Wpaiai.
 D. R., J, C. H., H. t aad S. t Bpria|AeU, an a*.
 avaarfaMy nwaU tai his ssdu
C0!!II(IICATI*N9,
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
 Fbicsd Dotoum :—I hare an item of
 food news for you fren oar littlo State, which
 1 know you Will be glad to bear. Rhode
 bland haa joat declared, through her highest
 legislative authoritj, that she will no longer
 net the part of buD-dog for the South, to
 setae and hold their runaway slaves. She
 baa just panned a law, forbidding any State
 officer, under a severe penalty, Seat seizing
 a person claimed aa a runaway dare also
 prohibiting her magistrates from etrtertainiag
 any claim made by a slaveholder, or hts
 agent for a slave; and also forbiddsag tbe
 use of her jails to confine any person claimed
 aa a slave.
 Then haa Rhode Island, in spite of the
 threats of Southern Legislatures, taken her
 stand, from which she will never retreat, and
 done something to atone for heT former con
 nection with the execrable business of slave
 holding and alavctrading. She has placed
 her seal of reprobation upon it, and hereafter
 the poor fugitive from the Southern prison
 house may repose in her borders, with his
 rights partially recognized at least, and with
 little danger of recapture. The haughty
 Southron may still, if he pleases, make La
 yearly pilgrimage to our shores, to enjoy that
 grand old ocean beach at Newport, or to*
 court health by the waters of our beautiful
 Narraganset Hay; but he must either wain
 upon himself, or, contrary to his usual custom,
 pay for being served. ’Twill be dmgerou*
 to bring his slaves with him. So far, acf
 good. I.et our little State have due praise
 for this timely act; and to those members of
 our Legislature, of both political parties, who
 exerted themselves so strenuously for its
 passage, I would here, in behalf of the slave,
 express my thanks.
 The Abolitionists of this State have for (He
 last three yearn- been endeavoring to vbtaii*
 the- passage' of a law similar to the one just
 passed. At' the session of the Legislature
 one year ago, this same law passed the
 House of Representatives by a large majority,
 but was lost in the Senate. At the session of
 the Legislature which has just closed, An
 act further to protect personal liberty” was
 introduced by Mr. Thomas Whipple, from
 Coventry, and strenuously advocated by him
 self, by Mr. Sherman, of Kingston, Mr.
 Ballou, of Cumberland, and others. Mr.
 Barber, of Hopkinton, declared in his place
 in the House, that while he did not consider the
 act as very important, and (if I am not mis
 taken) was opposed to its passage still that
 he should vote for it, because nine-tenths of
 his constituents were, as he said, determined
 that such a law should be passed; and this
 was the feeling of members from many other
 towns in the State, showing that Abolition
 ists have not been idle or reposing on their
 oars. Notwithstanding all this, the law met
 w ith a violent opposition, and during three
 days the discussion, pro and con, was loud
 and high. Mr. Ames, a distinguished lawyer
 of this city, led on the opposition forces, as
 sisted by Mr. Cranston, of Newport, and
 backed by influences high in rank and station
 without the House. It was stated by one-
 member in his place, that the United
 States Judge lor thi» District was using
 all his influence to defeat the passage of tho
 law.
 On the other hand, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Da
 vis, and other members of our Exec. Com.,
 did what they could by personal conversation
 with the members, and by furnishing them
 with facts and documents, &amp;c., to ensure its
 passage. Mr. Yeazin, and other members of
 the liberty party in this State, also used
 their influence in its behalf.
 Finally, after all attempts to defeat the bil?
 had proved nugatory, and after an attempt to
 have the whele matter postponed until the
 next session, was decidedly negatived, the law
 passed the lower House by the decisive vote
 of more than two to one. Its fate in the
 Senate was still considered extremely doubt
 ful but t*ie leading influences there recom
 mended its passage, and it Anally passed that
 body unanimously, and is now the law of
 this Common v,« i th.
 The passage ut this act is timely, as well
 as very needful. During the past year, the
 fugitives—tbe “happy and contented” victims
 of the patriarchal institution”—have ar
 rived in this city almost by scores. During,
 no one year of my Anti-Slavery experience
 have 1 had so many applications from runaway
 slaves for advice and assistance, as during the
 past year.
 Our Anti-Slavery Office has at time*
 swarmed with them; but we did not dare
 counsel them to remain in the State. We
 knew that any Constable might snest them,
 and any magistrate give a certificate conaign
 ng flcnip to bondage. Bat this is the case nn
 longer, and you will rejoice with me in view
 of this fact.
 But much yet remains for our State, in its
 official capacity, to do. There is the Stoning'
 ton Railroad, almost the only one in New
 England, I believe, still pursuing the nsrrow
 policy of excluding colored people from aa
 equal participation in its benefits.
 You can speak cxperuncntlaly in thip mat
 ter. The Abolitionists are determined that
 the ngbts of colored people shall be respected
 on that road. We think it might be easily
 accomplished, if the colored inhabitants of
 this city would show the politicians that they
 mean to aaaert and maintain their just rights.'
 And so in relation to the public srhoois, and
 many other matters. The entered voters of
 this State have now the power, if they will
 use it wisely, of saying to the politicians, ‘do
 this,” or “do that,” and they will do it.
 But 1 took up my pen merely to inform you
 of the passage of the fugitive slave law,”
 and must conclude. We hope to see you
 with os before long. The Ladies of Paw
 tucket have just held their Auras) Fair, ai d
 met with very flattering success. The La
 dies of are also talking of haviog
 a Tea Party in this city is the course of a
 few weeks, is aid of the good cause.
 You may real assured, friend Douglass,
 that the Abolitionists of this State are of the
 right [sort; they make but little noise or
 parade, but they are silently and surely eer
 reeting the public aestimest on tbe slavery
 qaemaos, and bringing Rhode Island where,
 is justice to her founder, she ought to stand*"*
 is As very vanguard of slavery's fees.
 Truly yours,
 ,GEORGE L. CLARKE,
 i Psovipcxca, R. 1., Feb. 10, IWO.
"
