"iJoetrfi.
From tb* Peuuaytvouia Fwwit
 thoughts,
 Om *f l*' V***** C#&gt;
 Annthor aietim at ihe a*ir»«e
 Qf Muumii'i blood-aUined »doi gild*—
 Another wail of
 Ascends toward a ri|htto*» H«tw-
 Afaia the maa -thief clank* his chain*
 Are aid your horn**, »n.l hearth*, and fanes!
 Amid the gentle household hadH
 That cheered the poor maa’a ImrW am?.
 Midst all tint made ethtnet dear,
 The spoiler found hi* prey
 The wits’* sad prayer* the wild appeal
 Fell on a heart a* cold a* steel.
 No thought of pity stayed the blow
 That serened every dearest tie;
 On hearts unknown to mercy fell
 The wail of agony;
 ’Tast done without one pang of shame,
 A deed that iemls might blush to name!
 Aad this upon the eery soil
 Where Freedom’s higb-souled martyrs fell.
 Where now with smile and look of pride,
 Their patriot deeds ye tell.
 And claim, while pride your bosoms lire*.
 Those glorious spirit* for your sires.
 If still one drop of patriot Mood
 Within your veins is coursing free;
 If yours the spirit of your sires—
 Their steadfast love of liberty—
 Their enmity to slavery's ban—
 Their friendship to the Rights of Man;
 If Freedom still w ithin our land
 Can claim one honest worahipfier;
 If Mercy’s thrilling voice of prayer
 cause one bosom’s chords to stir
 With holy zeal for Truth nml Right,
 And power to «p|&gt;o*e the oppressor’s might.
 I.'p, up, and rally to the ranks
 Where Truth’s heaven-blazoned banner flash
 ing.
 Marks not a scene of mortal strife,
 Nor blood-red swords and sabres clashing,
 But shows the conflict of the free
 With the demon hosts of slavery.
 Then rouse and join the noble band
 Now bravely struggling for the slave;
 Nor longer let God’s outraged |&gt;oor
 In vain your succor crave;
 Bat with true Itcart and earnest prayer,
 Come forth the glorious task to sliafe.
 Speak out in voices loud and iirtn,
 Till every blast from Northern hills,
 Shall bear upon its rushing winds
 A thunder tone, that tills
 Oppression's myriads with dismay,
 And turns the man-thief from his prey.
 Bring tune and talent, tongue and pen,
 All, all that freemen, Christians, can,
 Aad gird yourselves with faith and prayer,
 To plead the rights of man:
 Our work is holy—God and Right
 Have armed our cause with sacred might.
 Tbeo onward! none can stand aloof;
 For he who couirs not to the tight
 With Freedom’s champions, gives his power
 To haters of llie Right.
 No neutral ground between us stands,
 You join with one of the hesti e bands!
 Then rally now at Freedom’s call;
 A firm brief struggle, and tho free
 Will triumph over slavery’* power;
 Oppression’s train must flee.
 The bondman’s chains will soon lie riven—
 Aruund us dawns the light of Heaven.
 S.E. D.
 THE STREAM OF DEATH.
 There is a narrow stream whose tide
 The known and unknown worlds divide,
 Where all must go;
 Its waveless waters dark and deep,
 ’Midst sullen silence downwards sweep,
 With meanless flow.
 I saw where at the dreary flood,
 A smiling infant pi aiding stood,
 Whose hour was come;
 Untaught of ill, it neared the tide,
 Sunk at to cradle rest, and died,
 Like going home.
 Followed with languid eyes anon,
 A youth diseased and jmle and wan.
 And there alone
 He gazed upon ihe leaden stream;
 He feared to plunge—l heard a scream,
 And he was gone.
 And then a form in manhood's strength.
 Came bustling on, till there at length,
 He saw life’s bound:
 He shrank and raised a bitter prayer—
 Too late—his shriek of wild despair
 The waters drowned.
 Next stood upon the suegoless »hore,
 A being boned with many a score
 Of toilsome years;
 Earth-bound, and sad lie left the bank,
 Back turned his dimming eye, and sank.
 Ah! full of fear.
 How biller must thy water* be,
 O death! How sharp a sting—ah me,
 It is to die'
 i mused —when to that stream again
 Another child of mortal man,
 With smiles drew nigh:
 i'is tile last pang,” he calmly Slid—
 To me, oh death! thou hast no dread.
 Savior, 1 come;
 Spread but thine arms on yonder shore
 I see—ye waters, bear me o’er,
 That is my home!”
 From the German of Pauct
 GOOD NIGHT!
 Dark i* the night!
 Yet star* are glimmering through the cope of heaven
 The air sigh* iuttly through the wandering trees;
 Aad innocence unstained by evil leaven,
 All Might within—the outwatd gloom can please.
 With the sweet influence of the calm hour tilled,
 In its clear bosom carry ing iu own laavtn!
 To all who have the day work well fulklled—
 To them good night!
 .Still is the night!
 All day loud noises wane;
 Weary and tearful eyelids own the calm;
 And sleep is lulling n ler soft domain
 The throbbing Mail with Heave d* own tuolhin
 but*.
 To you lor whom her *hadc* descend in vam,
 Who. a care keep* walchiog, peace your care* di
 are;
 Beotbed b* the couch of sorrow and ot pun—
 To such good night'
 Rich is the night?
 Uo man hope here for more,
 Wb*o the dark night of trouble veil* him round,
 Than in bright dreaats to aaa heavaii ope »C# store,
 And each warm w .*h by fancy crowned T
 To yoo f r whoa Hope .miles by day no more,
 May bar *oft wlu»p«&lt;* in your sleep be fuumi!
 To you good night!
 Faith springs by night.
 When all lbs fund hsait hailed.
 Have long howsaih the lonely hillock slept
 Whcu they—the dearly loved, the deeply wail*d~
 Fats's Utter food from thy food arm hath swept;
 Think aaasd all lbs trial* that assailed,
 Oae eya above tha atm s, it* watch hath kept;
 Aad watahaa sub, good might?
Selections.
rREimUKA BREMER,
 f, T
 BT MIIT HOBTITT.
 Of herself, Fredrika Bremer itji:
 if it should so happen that, as regards
 me, any one should wish to cast t kind
 glance behind the curtain which con
 ceals a somewhat uneventful hie, he
 may discover that I was born on the
 banks of the Aura, a river, which flows
 through AJ&gt;q, and that several of the
 venerable and learned men of the uni
 versity were in) god-fathers. At the
 age of three, I was removed, with eiy
 family, from my native country of Fin
 land. Of this part of my life, I have
 only retained one single memory.
 This memory is a word a mighty name,
 which, in the depths of paganism, was
 pronounced by the Finnish people with
 fear and love; and is still so pronoun
 ced in these days, although perfected
 by Christianity. I still fancy that I often
 hear this word spoken aloud over the
 trembling earth by the thunder of Thor,
 I or by the gentle winds which bring re-
 I frcshment and consolation. That word
 ,s—Jumala; the Finnish name for God,
 both in pagan and Christian times.
 If any one kindly follows roe from
 Finland into Sweden, where my father
 purchased an estate after he had sold
 his property in Finland, I would not
 trouble him to accompany me from
 childhood to youth, with the inward
 elementary chaos, ajid the outward,
 uninteresting, and commonplace pic
 ture of a family, which every autumr
 removed, in their covered carraige
 Irom their estate in the country, tc
 j their house in the capital; and ever)
 spring trundled back again from theii
 i house in the capital to their country
 seat; nor how there were young daugh
 ters in the family who played on the
 piano, sang ballads, read novels, drew
 j in black chalk, and looked forward with
 longing glances to the future, when
 they hoped to see and do most wonder
 ful things. With humility, I must
 confess, I alw’ays regarded myself as
 a heroine.
 Casting a glance into the family cir
 cle, it would be seen that they collect
 ed, in the evening, in the great draw
 -1 ing room of their country house, anc
 read aloud; that the works of the Ger*
 man poets were read, especially Schil
 ler, whose Don Carlos made a profounc
 impression upon the youthful mind o:
 one of the daughters particular.
 A deeper glance into her soul, wil
 show' tiiat a heavy reality of sorrow wa;
 spreading, by degrees, a dark clouc
 over the splendor of her youth.u
 dreams. Like early evening, it earn*
 over the path of the young pilgrim o
 life; and earnestly, but in vain, she en
 deavored to escape it. The air wai
 dimmed as by a heavy fall of snow
 darkness increased and it became night
 And in the depth of that endless win
 ter night, she heard lamenting voice?
 from the east, and from the ivest; from
 plant and from animal; from dyiug nu
 -1 ture and despairing humanity; and she
 saw life with all its beauty, its love, iti
 I throbbing heart, buried alive beneath
 chill covering of ice. Heaven seemec
 dark and void;— there seemed to hei
 no eyes, even as there was no heart
 All was dead, or rather all was dyinj
 —excepting pain.
 There is a significant picture at tin
 commencement, in every mythology
 In the beginning there is a bright. an&lt;
 warm, and divine principle; w'hich allie:
 itself to darkness; and from this unior
 of light and darkness—of fire and tear
 —proceeds a God. I believe tha
 something similar to this takes place ii
 every human being who is born to i
 deeper life; and something similar tool
 place in her who writes these lines.
 Looking at her a few' years later, i
 will be seen that a great change ha:
 taken place in her. Her eyes hav&lt;
 long been filled with tears of unspeaka
 ble joy; she is like one who had arisei
 from the grave to new life. What ha:
 caused this chafige? Have her splen
 did youthful dreams been accomplshed
 Is she u heroine? Has she becomi
 victorious in beauty, or renown f No
 nothing of the kind. The illusions o
 youth are past —the season of youth i
 over. A.ud yet she is again young
 for there is freedom in the depth of he
 soul, and let there be light” has pen
 etrated the darkness, and illumined tin
 I night, whilst, with her eye fixed upoi
 j that light, she has exclaimed, with tear:
 j of joy, “Death where is thy sting
 j Grave where is thy victory f”
 Many a grave since then has beei
 opened to receive those she tendfrlj
 loved many a pang has been telt sinci
 then; hut the heart throbs joyfully, anc
 the dark night is over. V es, it is over
 but not the fruit which it has borne
 for there are certain flowers which firs
 unfold in the darkness; so is it also ir
 the midnight hours of great suffering
 the human soul opens itself to the ligh
 of the eternal stars.
 If it be desired to hear anything o
 my writings, it may he said that the)
 began in the eighth year of my age
 when I apostrophised the moon ir
 French verses, and that during tha
 part of my youth I continued to writ*
 in ti:e same sublime strain. I wrote
 under the impulse of restless, youlhfu
 feelings—l wrote in order to write
 Afterwards I seized the pen under the
 influence of another motive, and wroU
 —that which I had read.
 HORRIBLE ADVENTURE.
 The writer of the following letter,
 having been out shooting at Kirdee,
 near Poonah, lay down to rest under a
 tree, when suddenly he was aroused by
 'he furious baying of his dogs. On
 turning round, 1 beheld a anake of the
 cobra da capella species, directing ite
 course to a point that would approxi
 mate very closely on my position: is
 an instant I was on my feet. The mo
 ment the reptile became aware of my
 presence, in nautical phraseology, il
 boldly brought to, with expanded hood,
 eyes sparkling, and neck beautifully
 arched, and the head raised about two
 feet from tha ground, and oscillating
 from side to side, in a manner plainly
 indicative of a relentless foe. I seized
 •he nearest weapon, a short bamboo,
 left by the baaters, and hurled it at my
 opponent ’a head, I was fortunate en
 ough to hit beneath the eye. The rep.
 tile immediately&gt;ll, and lay apparently
 lifeless. Without a moment's reflection
 1 seized it a lulls below tba head, haul*
 ad it beneath the shelter of a tree and
very coolly began to examine (be mouth
 for the poisoned fangs, of which natu
 ralists apeak so modi.
 While in the act of forcing open the
 month with a stalk, I felt the head sfi-
 I ding through my hand and to mr as
 tonishment became aware that I had
 i now to dontead with the moat deadly of
 reptiles in its foH strength and vigor
 1 Indeed I was in a moment convinced of
 this, for as 1 tightened my hold of the
 throat, its body became wreathed
 around my neck and arms. If the]
 reader is aware of the universal dread
 in which the cobra de oapeUa is held
 j throught India, and the almost instant
 I death which invariably follows its bite,
 he will in some degree be able to ira
 agine what my feelings were at that
 j moment; a faint kiud of disgusting
 sickness pervaded my whole frame, as
 I felt the clammy fold of the reptile
 J lightning round my neck. I still held
 the throat but to hold it much longer
 would be impossible.
 Immediately under my grasp there
 i was an inward working and creeping
 i of the skin, which seemed to be assist
 ed by the tightness with which 1 held
 it—my hand was gloved. Finding in
 defiance of my efforts, that my hand
 each moment was forced closer to my
 ace, an idea struck me, that were it
 fn my power to transfix the mouth with
 j some sharp instrument, it would pre
 sent the reptile from using its tangs
 hould it escape my hold. My gun lay
 at my feet, the ram rod appeared to be
 the very thing required, which, with
 some difficulty I succeeded in drawing
 out, having only one hand disengaged.
 My right hand was trembliog with over
 exertion, and my hold became less firm
 when 1 happily succeeded in passing
 the rod through its upper jaw to its cen
 tre. It was not without considerable
 j hesitation that I let go my held of the
 throat, and seizing the rod with both
 hands, at the same time, brought them
 over my head with a sudden jerk, and
 disengaged the fold from iny neck,
 which had been almost tight enough to
 produce strangulation, lhere was
 then but little difficulty in freeing my
 right arm, and ultimately throwing the
 reptile from me to the earth, where it
 continued to twist itselt into a thousand
 contortions of rage and agony. To
 run to a neighboring stream, to bathe
 my neck, hands and lace in its cooling
 h w’aters, was my first act after dispatch
 ing my formidable enemy. This con
 cludes a true, though plainly told tale.
 1' As a moral, it may prove that when
 1 a man is possessed of determination,
 l coolness, and energy, combined with
 reason, he will generally, come off tri
 uinphant, though Ire may have to cir
 ri cumvent the subtlety ot the snake, oi
 the ferocity of the tiger.
 HEALTH OF CITIES.
 As a general rule, when a body it
 examined after death, whether of a
 child or adult, one or more organa are
 found in a diseased state; a fact which
 I induced a physician to state that he
 looked upon every adult he met in the
 1 streets of London, as a walking mu*
 Iseumof morbid anatomy.
 1 One grand means to prevent such
 diseases, is to have well ventilated
 houses, and to keep the air in motion
 for in warm weather the air always
 contains a large quantity of animal anc
 vegetable matter, in the form of ova o
 infusoria and the seeds of vegetable or
 -1 ganisms. The act of breathing, too,
 J is a great cause of rendering the ail
 1 j impure.
 i The air in the lungs is exposed tc
 L 170,000,000 of cells, having a surface
 1 equal to thirty times that of the body
 1 so that during respiration, the air it
 deprived of oxygen amd becomes load
 ed with deadly carbonic acid gas,anc
 is rendered totally unfit for a seconc
 respiration, being no longer atmospher
 :i ic air, but a poisonous gas. A seconc
 cause of the deterioration of air, is the
 1 combustion of lamps, gas lights, can
 -5 dies, 6tc. A single candle is nearly ai
 injurious to the air as a human being;
 two fourteen hole argand burners con
 suine as much ait as eleven men.
 A third source of atmospheric impu
 rity is the vapor, loaded with anitna
 5 matter, given off from the lungs anc
 the skin; each of these parts pour oui
 r an ounce of fluid every hour; so that
 in a church containing 500 people, 15
 gallons of noxious fluid are given of
 1 in two hours.
 J; A fourth source of bad air in towni
 is the large quantity of decomposing
 animal and vegetable matter left tc
 give off efHuvia, and the difficulty there
 |is in the renew al of the air in towns b)
 means of the w inds, on account of the
 1 vicious mode of their construction, anc
 their very large size.
 Certain diseases are traceable to the
 1 want of fresh air; such as fever, con
 -1 sumption, scrofula, deafness, and thai
 most fertile ongin ot numerous disea
 »es, the commoni cold.
 In England and Wales 1*20.000 peo
 pie die annually of consumption, anc
 i the geater number of cases is amonjj
 j indoor laborers; and m the city of New
 York, about 3,300 die of consumption
 per annum, most of these being confin
 ed within doors.
 One grand means ot promoting health
 would be the construction of better ven
 ulated houses. No living, sleeping,
 ior working room should contain lest
 i than 144 superficial feet, nor be lest
 j than a feet high, and it should have
 one window at least, opening at the top,
 also an open fire-place to the chim
 i ney.
 Every building in which uaed
 should have plans to carry off the pro
 ducts of combustion and not allow them
 to escape into the room, and also to
 supply fresh air.
 Diseases that arise from a want of
 ventilation are a scourge to society.
 Those who are merciful to animals
 should not forget that they need plenty
 «#f fresh air likewise. This we are
 sorry to say, is but little thought of by
 the majority; horses are housed most
 miserably, in our cities, and this is one
 great cause .of a disease called the
 heaves.
 The high rents for both dwelling
 bouses among the poor, and for stabler
 of our carmen are no doubt the cause
 of potting op with mall apartments.
 What the remedy for this evil is, we
 sre not able to divine, and a great and
 growing evil it is.
 Slay hot until to-morrow, and yoor
 present sorrow will be weary, and will
 lie down to reel. [Jeremy Taylor
Fra» the Wmr« Cuwm
 JOHH IAHS-THS ILATE OF
 EIGHTY YCABS.
 I vu born in (he Stele of Maryland
 —wee quite i little boy when the battle
 of Bunker Hill vaa fought, but can
 recollect that I carried weter to cool
 the parched lips of our poor aoldiere,
 on that dreadful day. From my eer
 lieet recollection up to the age of four
 teen, I aubeiated on pounded corn,
 which I procured after night, wecook
 ed it in a pot and after aetting it on the
 floor, we ueed wooden ledlea to eat it.
 My master’a doga fared aa well—for we
 lived much the same. My first mas»-
 ter’a name was McKowen. Himself
 and wife both died when I was about
 the age of fourteen, I was sold for a
 bat full of money, to Jas. McChesney
 —who bad some forty or fifty little fel
 lows like myself; our business was to
 tend tobacco— pull off worms, sucker
 it, foe., while the overseer went in the
 rear and watched us, and for the
 least failure we had to take a severe
 whipping.
 I did not live long with him, for he
 soon died, and I was sold to Zady
 Macknigbt, an Irishman; he lived in
 Virginia, was a cruel man; used to tie
 me up to a sapling and give me a se
 i vere whipping, and frequently I did not
 know what it was for, but supposed it
 i was because he was an Irishman. He
 punished all his blacks in this way, and
 i then salted their backs. He made us
 work on the place all the week, and on
 Sunday hunt hogs, sheep, cows, Sic.,
 for him. My master and mistress both
 dying, I was traded, in company with
 i several other blacks, by his son, for
 land on James River. Mv new mas*
 ter’s name was Holman; he was a good
 i man; clothed and fed us much bettei
 than any I had ever lived with,
 i Twice after this, I was traded foi
 H land, and two or three times for money
 i All my life, and you see I am now ur
 old man, has been spent in toiling anc
 sweating for others. Often have J
 I worked till miduight, and frequently ir
 a push—all night, with an overseer tc
 whip us for the least failure in duty
 t while we had no one to intercede foi
 I us. My food for the most of my lift
 has been one peck of corn a week,
 s with occasionally a hog’s head or pinch
 and sometimes a little buttermilk. My
 bed has been a single blanket.
 In this way, have I passed TO years
 of my life; when fortunately falling intc
 i the hands of a man named Cox, and his
 wife wanting money bad, she offered, i
 i I would give her what I had, to give
 me my liberty. I had made by cent!
 and picayunes, the sum of $l5O, which
 r I gave, and am now a MAN.
 I had a wife and three children; twe
 !of them were taken from me wher
 young and sold South; one now lives
 i on an Island in the Mississippi River
 l He was formerly owned by a man
 t living..some sixty miles in Missouri,
 i but on account of some failure, he hac
 his blacks taken from him and publicly
 i sold. Hearing that my son would be
 sold on a certain day, I started on foot,
 to see him for the last time. The dis
 i tance was 70 miles, and I was 80 years
 I of age. I hurried with all my strength;
 when within some fifteen miles of the
 i place, I met an old friend. He said,
 1 your son will be sold to-day at 1 o’clock
 f take my horse and push for your life,
 if you wish to see him before he goes
 South. On reaching the spot, my son
 and wife were both on the block. A
 Southerner was bidding one dollar at a
 time against a farmer who bid a pica
 yune. I sprang from my horse, and
 pressed my way to my child, who was
 5 deepfy affected a to see me. He said
 that he would be compelled to gc
 South; that the individual bidding
 against the farmer, was a slave driver.
 I went instantly to the farmer and
 told him, if he would continue bidding,
 I would give him fifty dollars out of my
 own pocket. Soon the auctioneer criec
 i $B5O, and the farmer’s bid and my
 throbbing spirit had rest.
 You may rely on this statement as
 correct.—l. d. h.
 I Some of the English railway compa-
 I nies now issue insurance tickets to
 t their passengers. A first class passen
 f ger may, on buying his ticket, by pay
 ing three pence extra, have his life in
 f sured for the journey to the extent oi
 £lOOO, payable, if he is killed, to his
 legal representatives, and compensatior
 f for personal injury if life is not lost
 A second class passenger may insure
 for £5OO, for two pence and a third
 r class, £2OO, for one penny.
 i
 Lazv Beavers.—lt is a curious
 foct. says our trapper, that among the
 beavers there are some that are laay,
 and will not work at all, either to assist
 in building lodges or dams, or to cut
 down wood for their winter stock.
 The industrious ones beat these idle
 follows away; sometimes cutting off a
 i part of their taH uud otherwise injur
 mg them.
 Napoleon’s Simple Habits—He
 who disposed of crowns and surround
 ed himselfwdb royal pomp, was simple
 and economical in his habits, and hia
 personal expenses were trifling. He
 dressed in the morning for the whole
 day, despatched his breakfast in a few
 minutes, end then worked frequently to
 •i* in the evening. He dined alone
 with the empress, except on Sundays,
 when all the royal family were invited;
 and on Wednesdays, when the minis
 ters met in council and dined with him.
 He bed only one course to dinner, fol
 lowed by the deaeert, end be drank lit
 tle wine, and eve 2 tbat generally mixed
 with water. Fifteen to twC?ty minutes
 wee all he took for dinner, and as h.'?
 stomach was not overloaded and bts
 head was clear, be wee fit for work
 immediately. He continued hie labors
 after dinner, and seldom put off any
 thing to the next day. He slept well
 at night, aa calm and as sound as a
 child. Ha constitution, naturally
 good, and his great temperance, en
 abled him to undergo aa enormoue
 quantity of labor. Hm industrious life
 was only diversified by occasional visits
 to tha theatre, or by riding or hunting
 in fine wet her. He looked after
 kooeehold expenses most strictly.
 There was neither waste nor parsimo
 ny. He wee an economist because be
 loved order; and ho saved net because
 he was fond of money, hut in order to
 •spent bhcroU/to fltesjeetf.
SUwmifieititnte.
mTHAMPTGNWAIKR CUBE.
 BLKCTIIC(TY 4r~lf Y DROP4THY• j
 mH£ important principle* of Cutaneous Electricity,.
 X tW discovery of which by ibe admifMd, has
 opened *o wide a field for sewntlffe ami ph*ti&lt;&gt;lof»ral
 investigation, though ridiculed Mid opposed at it*
 first umouncement in 1844, by media*l aad profes
 sedly scientific men, being now sustained by eminent
 ma of philosophic and scientific knowledge, and by
 the experience and testimony of thousand*, who have
 tested his theory by examimt ions is their own eaane,
 the undersigned is confidant that this of
 natural aad physiological taw, need* only to be on
 ilerstood to be joatly appreciated by an intelligent
 and inveetigatiiig pabUc.
 Sustained by aacb testimony aad more than fire
 years’ practical experience as a Diagaoaian and Hr*
 dropathisf, the andersigwed would here reprmt the
 I coauluanm* at which be has arrived by the sense of
 touch. Ist. That the human body, in a healthy
 condition, is ia a p-mttrr ilectntni state. 2d. l‘hat
 there are electrical emanation* from the cniiclar
 surface, indicative of health, or the nature and
 I sy mptoms of disease. 3d. That io ail ewes where
 the wrist, stomach, ur lungs, are ia aa electro-posi
 tive state, (hogever disturbed,) Uiere is hope of a
 care; but when the parts of the body alluded to are
 iu the cleetru-oegauve state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of hi* practice already- con
 vinced the public of the truthfuLae** of the principles
 by which tin- undersigned is governed, in detecting
 the nature and symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scieiunic demonstration of their cor
 rectness, by Professor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Hemmer, of England, and the fact* and corroltora
 live testimony adduced by I Jr. Forbes, Mr. Binee,
 and otiters,sltouid be sufficient to convince tlie most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 fur his success as a Diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 thw gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor tu merit th« confidence of all
 i who may afford Inin an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by his arrginal and phdoewpkwal method of practice.
 The Notthumptoii Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Benson vi lie, on the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill Kiver, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 j arranged, w ith parlors, separate bathing anti dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms,and
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 'j which, for purity, ami adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any oilier eatab
 lishiiient in this country. A new and commodious
 building lias just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 i with tlie main building, will accommodate from sti
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with tlie
 establishment, affords an agreeable and heslthfu
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this Vicinity u
 i picturesque and romantic. There are a variety ol
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow tlie pa
 tients tu enjoy their rambles without beiug exposer
 to pqbiic gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the lieatf
 cold extremities, genera! and nervous debility, broil
 chitis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jauir
 dice, acute or chronic iutiammatiou of tlie bowels.
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sail
 I rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, Jliouffi furnish themselves with
 l tltree comfortables, three wooiieit blankets, one 01
 f two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, te
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, au urn
 -1 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 I j Terms.—For treutmeut and board from $550 tc
 $8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors,
 Ij $9 00—with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone on
 i the third floor, $8 50—with room-mate, $5 50
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in theit
 I rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will fur ms 1
 i their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 i patients should be particular in stating th«ir last
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID KUGGLES.
 Northampton, Mass., 1849.
 II N.B. Visitors to tlie Establishment, from the
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always bo in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither. That tlie sick and nervous
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 in the evening tram are requested to take lodging"
 at a hotel.
 i!
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, which
 is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources w ithin—an excess generally pass
 j ng off in silence from the cuticular surface, so that
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer ol
 England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 i the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 of tlie fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 1 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.
 See address delivered before the Medical College oi
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor o
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physica
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 Dr. John Forl&lt;es, editor df the British and For
 1 eign Medical Review, in an able article ou the con
 dition and function of the skin, says: Peihapi
 there is scarcely any disease, in which tlie func
 tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged.
 r« what extent, pliy sioians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they been accustomed
 to give much attention to this part, in the practical
 i investigation of diseases. Physiology
 teaches us that it is tlie vehicle for conveying out
 of tlie system a large amount of matter, as well solid
 j as liquid; and practical experience exhibits it as
 the channel through which the matenes nimbi in
 many instances, and the burthen of plethora gene
 rally, find tbeir exit.”
 f Flic London Sun, alluding t&lt;? the discovery ol
 voltaic electricity by Alfred Sibee, Surgeon to tlie
 1 Bank of England, says: “By a test which lie terms
 I electro-voltaic, he lias satisfied himself that tiie ter
 minations of the sensor nerves are positive poles ol
 a voltaic circuit, w hile the- muscular substance is th
 negative pole. The sensor nerves are tlie telegraph
 which carry tlie sensation to tlie brain, and the inoto
 nerves carry hack tlie volition to the muscles.” Me*
 i N. Y. Tribune, April 7*1849.
 Dr. Hollick, on the subject of electricity, remarks:
 There is no agent that affect* the body more, both
 'naturally and su-tificially. See hi* work on Neu
 ropathy, pul)li*ned in Philadelphia in 1847, p. 127.
 The following extract is from an interesting arti
 cle on electricity, copied by tlie N Y. Jonriial of
 i Commerce from a foreign Scientific (review: ”1
 do not pretend to say that a deficiency of electrici'y
 may not occur in one part of the human body, and
 an excess in some other pail, for a time, and that
 this may not be tlie cause of disease, and tlie resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; i think this most
 likely, and that it i* up u Uiis principle, in a great
 uieasu.e, that tlie wonderful effects of electri -mag
 netism, in the cure of disease, are to be explained,
 it is certain that, wheo our electrical machines are
 most actively productive, we all fee! most vigorous.
 i Our nervous systt-ms are then m-wt firm; our diges
 ife organ* moat active; our minds most clear.”
 Aiylaa fo« the Sick übo have been con*
 j fined lo their bed* Hum year*.
 1 Alt. IL4MIL 1 ON ’es livdiopatiiic and Anya lytic
 JLr Asylum, No 217 Excumige Street, opposite tise
 I Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.V- This lit* Linn ton
 is uow firmly established aad io succe* aful opera
 lion. The proprietor analyzes every diseas e bat is
 admitted ttiers, aad applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water retire establishment in
 i the United State*, yet uw proprietor withes it to be
 expressly uodrrstood that it is not relied on as thews ly
 or principal remedy ta the treatment of disease sub-
 I md fed to hi* care.
 t 'rhi* Establishment ia designed for that class of
 invalids who have foiled to obtain their health by all
 J utber system* «f practice, aad are still unable to
 walk or stand on thatr foci, aad are eoafcned to their
 bads, weuriag out a idle ol misery and suffering with
 ol! *»y hope of ever beiog anv better.
 The re‘■•etlies made use of ia this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hot five increased
 strength ami elasticity to the svsfe*- Many Have I
 been brought here from different parts of the eonn
 try. who had neither walked or borne their weight:
 |oa their fret from five ta fifteen year*; aad some!
 t who have been enable u» dress or naif runs, or even,
 I »o food themselves, aadia the course of a fcw weeks
 j would be walking with (he eiasticiiy of jomlk end I
 l the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, sad surprising their friend* aad afl who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 institution u particularly enfoldsfd In lIHMT* the
 dueaaesjmauiiar In fanulss, such a*
 I*4- The tailing of the Womb, is ad it* stage*
 and conditions in patients, Grom twelve year* of age
 Xto sixty, ted even if they have been r nffasif to
 vr had* fronton* to twenty, auabfo to stand, walk,
 dress, hr mtifooss theaafon, «r cvea 100 foehio to
 hear aay noise or speak aloud.
 td. Weahortt aad Failing of tha Bowel*; Pain
 m Uw foods, tthuehfogs, Beck and. Hand Spmo.
 Dtaaaaat, Liver Uanpjsints, Staking Ovswliua a. I
 aSSTSrS*
arrhora, Sapprassisa of the Meases, Exceseiv*
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nr rasas Disease*. Cot.
 Feat and Hands, St. Anthony’* Dance, Tatters ot
 aU kmos, Bah Rhenas. is Ha worst forms. Neural
 cm. Tie Doufoureax, IrVaaitf o.pi. Ojoruroptiod te
 he lift hirg— General Weukarea and Dvbduy.
 Tha proprintor has given hit whole atteottoo t*
 the above disease* for the last «en years, and he
 treated them ia a&gt; rarirrdy dKerrot way from asy
 othet private practice or public Institution in Uu&gt;
 country aa d such has heen his success. ,uid so cer
 tain are ins remedies in their effects oa those «j«*
 esses, that instead of publishiag a ioug list &gt;f cer
 tifieii etnas, he wishes to give that class of iavalbfe
 seeking to obtain tbeir heslth a isfficiwi gmranie.
 against any false pratnusmns, exaggentioa, impo
 •itioO or deception, so that no oua oee&lt;l be to am
 expense ia this Inst mukm withoat being booef.te.
 'tbe proprietor will enter into a special cortti vr
 with any one wh&lt;&gt; wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mil into the Institution, to adrance the untm so
 pay all the expenses I'mm *ny ;sirt of the Cnite-
 Stitcs here and buh home again, before he com
 mence* the tteatment. an.l give a bond to board tliem
 inert he t with lus pruts* tonal services, for nothin*,
 if he does not help theta according to contract. Am
 one thinking the above proposition not a snffkiem
 guarantee against misiepiesenution* and expense
 withoat receiving equal lenefit, can let the proprie
 tor know what wtL be saiisfoctory, and it shall lw
 duly c«: sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by tlie influence of those who have (wen helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before
 i and the proprietor means tluii it *ball sustain itsel
 bv iu own merits, or pay die ex|x-nse of those wh«
 J eicvw to make a cont-aet in case of failure. The
 I design of this Circular is mu to make known the
 cures tliathavel*en nuule in this institution, liecamse
 they must soon be believed; but to let it tv* met
 extensively known to the p&lt;jor suffering invalid
 that have s|ient hundreds of ilolbrs in trying all
 other wsteuis of practice, and without much or any
 lienefit, and still remain confined to their lirds from
 five to twenty years, tiut there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tlie
 United States, and i» particularly adaptci to theii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing mile-.-
 they are materially benefited.
 From tlie nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number ofpatieut- must be limited, there foie die
 jiroprietor does not solicit tlie patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases whidi may lie easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does be want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and art willing
 to.be made well enough tu walk from five to twenty
 I miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en-
 I dure as much lalior and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show bv their in
 -1 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 i texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment iu tins Institution is found
 ed on (he natural laws of organized matter, and
 'j consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent -ystem ol practice-
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 Jj HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 j immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who liave been helped in this Irwti
 'l tution and also good references as to-responsibility
 i ortlie proprietor lo meet tlie above expenses if,'
 required
Halsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
 i and Hater-lure Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteen y ears, for the cure of alt Chronic
 I Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 i cine alone,
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 j tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 1 1 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could uot find r&gt; lief by any other course of utedi
 i cine. Hundreds who had been confined to theii
 j beds for years, and who were almost in dts|&gt;air,
 have had renewed hope and courage w hen tliey have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by tide
 treatment after every thing else had failed.
 1 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms oi almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM.NEURALGIA, COS
 TiVENES.-, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, I.OW SPIRI l PAR
 TI.tL INSANITY, and a host of other disease®
 arising Cram the same cause—SPINAL WEaK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 7
 We are using water in all the vari.us ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do uot rely se ely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally iftiuerstood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TBf.AI MENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is inagj-
 I cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any otner treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successlul, which is not
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 1 of the wotnb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the oi.-‘eases incident ti
 11 that period known as the turn of hie*—involuntary
 discharge ot urine and injuries from Childtiearnig*,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 [I to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 1 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 r fesanesa and pain, wiien a frw weeks’ or at most a
 tew mouths’tieatiueut, Would remove tlieir difficulties
 f aud restore them to their families, with health to
 I labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 I accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and iielples* the patient may have
 i i been on entering it. Many have t ome humireds of
 -1 miles ou beds, iu easy chans, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had uoi walked for years. These
 1 ladio have walked miles di*ily before leaving tlie
 j Institution.
 Such is our bvuuUdgK and confidence in this unpur
 altUed treatment fim all long standing or Chrome die
 eases, ofi Whatever hind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We mil enter into a special written agreement with
 l rue A as desire it, who enter the Institution, /allow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system ofi
 treatment, ta pay their travelling Expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our /Srofiessional services, free ofi charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyrtcisni from
 i those interested in keeping patients under tbeir own
 charge, and w ill be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who hare spent much of tlieir substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without*
 finding it that here they will not spend tlieir money
 w ithout lienefit, and that no false statements or im
 -1 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operands of curing Female difficulties is
 a new deservery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble casts, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediatety, and ij not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 hour* after commencing treatment,
 without fear as trouble in regard to their original dif
 ficulty. To product lius almost instantaneous rehtfi,
 the patient &gt;t subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. It any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and dip
 cult case they can find, wid test our veracity aad shell.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N B.—Any one w.sbiug to know more about our
 •y.tem of treatment for Li ao dis. are*or any otfor i
 difficulty can address «h» [post |&gt;aid] and we will
 sead them an account of die Imtitution—Certificate*
 of cure—official report of U&gt;t year, foe., free of
 charge— l» gHher with the most respectable refer,
 races iff the eftv and country
 P. t&gt;.—Our room u mu ted, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what other* are not foftWMUtl
 enougu lo do.
 Communications should be a.ldressed to H a Ist r D
 Hall, Medical institute, Rocketer, N. Y., post
 paid.
 Rtf erence. Field Ex-Mayor, and!
 Rev. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 ••tier) Mrs kb sirs Pbjsitn*.” f
 THE HOME UOCTOK.
 JUST PLBLIBHED,• new sod valuable book)
 for every fomily ia the country aad one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. At its title page
 indicate*, it is ‘‘THE HOME DOCTOR, or Famity
 Maanal, giving the censes, symptoms and urewtareni
 «f Diseases; witb sa account ol the*ystem while
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen- j
 iled to which are recipes for making various medi
 cine* and article- for dm for the tick mom. The
 wbqle written for general use aad dady practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.**
 u book, or separale, ts
 "THE HERB BOOR,• book devoted exclusively
 to Hens, giving their'names, varieties, de»criptioa,J
 •*dk»l properties and doses, uae, tim* of gathmaf, I
 aad many other directions very useful fur evary fern- j
 ily to know, aad written exmaash for family uae.”
 The Herb Book ia devoted solely to Pv/mlar Med
 flbeuny, aad will hnrih ea tint point ail ike
 —aired lafomnation wanted forgeaaralase.”
 The twa hooks are pal ap aad bound together aad
 csataia MB pages, pore 25 cents, or sold st parafo
 «tS|eeats.
 The symptoms of each dices are carefohy given
 se tad ami aay he reeegwissd from aaotlssr, te ahi
 veet metieiag ia the dark; sko the fgattaciH j
 sketch of general physiology, mad rake for ’itmihi
 **—saiihi,
 g^jfejiagesfsa
I The hook has been written with great care, in
 plat*, Singh, ewnnaw—wee Mffo easily to be ea
 darstood by every person, tad fw a practical physi
 cieo aad n thomnrh botawist. IF# can retemmrivf
 it wfoh einiro eonsdoars,im beings WOffc septem*
 j in all re.-uetu to aay other (jook of tbe knxf ever
 peblidieu at the prl^c
 i haeidies in the coontrv.and f q-ertslly these bv
 tag in n-w ciwotries and s.ihewhhv f Innate*, shorid
 uot fail lo procare a copy and have it *t fines ai
 baud, ia case of siekaes* ss they mtcht therebv by
 e-me urgderemedy save an exfea»i«eandpsotrst.
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or *kk, secTi hook
 should t*&gt; m every house as a safe awl sera adviser
 n time of r«ed, the directioa given for persoas in
 health car.rxt be too strictly attended to fcy *Jf.
 Tin* nr ire st which the book is sob! is «o Uw that
 every Gtmiy may have a copy, and non* ehosdd N»
 without it.
 Tic hook is pot up ir Paper band tag, and can
 easily !w seat by bmiL Puntxga only 64 cents te any
 xart of tha United States.
 9CJ* Any per*»n reading u# esr dofttr by mail, and
 P“d paying p&lt;wi*sc on the Utter, shell' have four
 c«.p«ea rent him free of postage.
 Send in yreir orders*, there is no risk ia sendisg
 ioogey by mail, it comes to as dwhr, and the book*
 always re-&gt;cti th"*ir uestination,
 W* Pour families can efoh together and ae«d a
 ifoUar biH, nod have four books rent to nee eddies*.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to set!
 this work, a’.oo#t rvery family will pucchaee it if
 earned tn their doors. A small capital of from 820
 to 850 will be uecesserv for each agent. Addies*
 v&gt;st pai l, GF.O. W, FISHER,
 April I, 1K49. Rncliester, N. Y
ITNPAl T NPA RAILED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 A 3 TH* MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Erer Discovered!
 f FIMF. and experienre have fully proved ihAi this
 A V N I V FR o.AL REMEDY' Hs not it* equal
 i on the hat oi popular medicines, liaviug been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested ehaiacter of its won
 derm! effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented lo the projurietor. It in worthy of spe
 rial remark, that lieside the yreat and extraordinary
 i powers in the cure of fo
 DISEASES; of the horse,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Fanner, and the wonder of tlie
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE Hi MAN RACE
 Ignorant e of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one (emedy can possess within
 iUelt the virtue of curin.' many diseaaes. Expeii-
 I eucc ol more than fourteen years ha* nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal aniily Embrocation,
 will cure most muses and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many other* in the cute of which this
 Oil h*a been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remed.es liave completely failed;
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Btiils, \V hitlowri, AsUima, Bruises, burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from lotal causes, f’aked
 Br. asts, Contractions ot tiie mus
 cles, W ounds, welling*, foe.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 unimaU.soch as
 SPA VINS
 Sweeney,
 RINIiBONE,
 Windgal!, Poll F.vil,
 Callou-. (’rucked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, SitluM, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Craeks, Foundered Feet, Scratches,
 OR CREASE, MANGE, FARCY, 4c
 Numerous arc thp uiuolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves,and odiers who have used the Oil,
 of cures which m themselves appear so remarkable
 that were tin y at all mtere-rted in a pecuniary point,
 l they cquid hardly liave been credited.
 1 he c*del&gt;i ated Dr. I’arkei also writer as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargl ug Oil in
 various cases ot
 PRACTICAL SURGERY r
 as a liniment, with matked snece.-s, and woulJ com
 mend it to physicians, generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors sprains, while swellings,
 and in ail iheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessaiy. As a discutient, it is harm
 less vdie. e the lebnie symptom* have been reduced
 by general treatuien'.. In such case*, it i# tiie moat
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
 1-wouldai* recommend it to community at large
 i as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 gt-neral fever in all the above ui sea res, to be used
 tredy, and to courteract inflammation in a remark
 abh manner. In l-ruised uouods it prevent* swell
 ing, and consequent boteness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, a/W tbs
 unparalleled success it baa met with in the hand* of
 the FAIiRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been a- well adapted to tbe prompt cura
 of Dis. uses to which llursea aie liable; it has been
 very justly ealeo a Complete Fatm ea for dm Horse.
 For instance, read the lodowiiig:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that 1 have had for many years the
 care ot fiom one hundred lo two humired horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two rears past, and cansalely #ay, that fox all tbe
 diseases th.it horses are liable to, I never shw its
 equal. 1 use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it lo the public as the l est medicine for
 hoi se* now in use. E D MINOR.
 Ad orders addressed to the proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 t** t a pnni|.h et of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by ihe use of this medicine.
 Sold by req.ectub’e dealers generally in the Uni
 ted fr-tntes and auada.
 Also by Post fo Willis, Wat: Pitkin, L. B
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. vYadk,
 KY&gt;cl»eim'r.
 H foL Gaylord, Henderson fo Pander son, Cleve
 land, O.jG Ding fo Son, Columbus/O.; Gordon
 fo Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure fo Co, AlLany;
 Hollister fo Co, Buffalo; Greenniaa fo Smith, Uti
 ca; i D Orris fo Co, Troy, NY. July 16—6 m.
 Itrhbh Periodical LiieraUre.
 The Iwndon Quarterly Retvew, the Edinburgh Review,
 The Aort/i British Renew, the V\ art minster Review,
 and Blackwood’s Edinburgh Ma^amne.
 r rHE fame of these splendid periodt-
 A cals renders it nt-eniess to aay inucn iu thair praise.
 As literary organs, they siamJ far -in advance of
 anyi ing ol ftie sort now published, while tlie polit
 ical complexion of eat It is rnaiked by a digoity,
 c.indor, and fi.rfjearaitce, not often found in work*
 of a party cbaiacter.
 1 bty embrace the views of the tliree great parties
 in England—lory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the Luwdun Quarterly are lory; the
 Edinljurgb Review Whig; aud the \Sestium
 •ter Review Kadkxl. Tlie North British Re
 view is more of x religious eharacur, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and aow, since
 hi* death, being conducted oy his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, amor is led with S-r David bre water. It*
 bteiary character is of tiie very highest order. Ihe
 «*ttoio»ter, though reprinted an er tliat title only,
 i* pubiiseed ia Lngmu.i under the mle of 'I be For
 mgn Viuarteily and \Ve»uuin»t*i—it being ia fact a
 union of tbe two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate title*. U hue, therefore,
 th* advantage by-this combwatioe of uniting )0 one
 woik the best features of both as heretofore issued
 1 he above l'enodtcxi* are repnuted in New York
 nomad lately ou their arrival by the Brttiek eteaaerv
 in a beautiful clem type, oo hue white paper ufo
 are faithful copies ot the original*. Blackw'ood’s
 b**®* «**ci/gsJ»ufoolf th#Edinburgh
 prices rog 1e49, (if tvshcaißco ro» cably.)
 Jor any one of the four Hevfow,, i* 00 per aauum
 kor any two do 600 tT"
 J." Cfo 700
 For ai tour of the Review*, 8 00
 t'* 660
 l Review*, ff 00
 For Black wood ft the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments tc bt made in all easts tn adttanu
 _ CLUBBING.
 *“T*ZJ* toy or all the above works will b
 toWltoooe addree, on payment of the regular rab
 w torae—the fourth copy bring gratis.
 EARLY COFIEB.
 •rr**V**m with the British pubhehar* of
 nine* wood Magazine secure* to us early aheete of
 by which we »oaii be abfa fo pfoee the
 y,? toinotr fo the hand* of subscriber* before aay
 rt Ife reprinted in any of the America*
 JearnaL. For this ami other advantages aerated tt»
 our »übg[;riber* we pay »w large a ooasrdrrmimn, that
 we my be competed to rawc the price of the Mage
 *i*e. Thai vfom w« reseat **eabacrtha early wffiile
 the prtea it low.
 Keisittauoe* aad resuauuscetieps shoeM be always
 Pi4fW J, aia*-fa*4er fterifofrtoihe ialliiPi i.
 UI6NARD ftCDTT ft Ctt
 70 Prifoa mikiWiw YmL
"
