"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, a,™
VOL. 11. NO. 48.
Tli« NORTH STAR l» publish** «T«nr
 Friday, at No. 35, nmffalo Street,'
 (OppoMte the Arcade
 TERMS. I
 Two n dlsr* per annum. eAatye ti» advance. No
 subscription will he received for lew term then
 six month,.
 ‘Advertisements no* exceeding ten line* inserted
 ref limes for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, twenty-fire cent*.
The object ot the .North Star will be to attack
 Slavery in all iu form* and aspects; advocate
 I'itiTkrsal Emancipation; exalt the standard
 of Pee tic Morality; promote the moral and in*
 r |lectnal improvement of the Colored People;
 aid hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Mu lions &lt;&gt;f our Enslaved Fellow Coun-
 T ATX
PUBLISHER’S NOTICE 9.
 ~J* All communications relating to the buetneee
 nutters of tile paper, names of subscriber*, remit
 t mc&lt;s, lie., should lie addressed to John Dick,
 üblisher.
 £J- Agent,, and all other, sending names, are
 i quested to he accurate, and g»Vg the Poet
 itie County, and tlie State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 Any person sending in the payment for four
 subscribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 All letter* and communications most be post
 S id.
LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.—R. F. Walcutt,2l,Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio W.
 Foster, I .owe 11; Janie* N. Buffiun, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Charles H. Seth, Springfield David Ruggles,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vermont. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 risburg.
 Connecticut. —Jonathan Leonard, New llawen
 New Hampshire. —Weare Tappnn, Bradford.
 New York.—Sydney 11. Ga\, 142, Nassau
 Street; Jame* McCune Smith, 98, V\ est Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Dotv, Macedon; Willetts Reese,
 Peru, Clinton County; WilliHß S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. I*.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. Amanutcy Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania.— J. M. M’Kiin, 3l NoriliFifth 1
 Street, Philadelphia; G. \V. Goines, 9, Exchange)
 Place, Ditto; B. Down,Pittsburgh; Win. Whipper,;
 Columbia; Isaac Rolierts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris- 1
 own, Montgomery County, .Milo A. Townsend,)
 New Brighton.
 Onto. —Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; Wat
 on and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 veysliurgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana. —Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
S elections.
AN ADDKFSS TO THE COLORED
 MEN OF CONNECTICUT,
 From the State Convention, held at New Ha
 rm, September 1 2th and 13 th, 1849.
 Brethren It is unnecessary to set
 forth before your minde the particulars
 of our political condition in the State of
 Connecticut. We are wronged and
 our wrongs are matter of daily and hu
 miliating experience. We are disfran
 chised. Our manhood and citizenship,
 thus are assailed at a vital point. And
 this was done by the authority of the
 State. When freemen, irrespective of
 color, had enjoyed on equal terms, the
 elective franchise for one hundred and
 fifty years, under the Charter of a King,
 n line was drawn proscriptive, unnatu
 ral and unjust, under a republican State
 Constitution But no authority can
 sanctify injustice and oppression. The
 drapery of the law, cannot conceal
 their monstrous forms, nor shield them
 from the darts of truth. Thirty years
 have we been disfranchised. But our
 disfranchisement, odious enough in it
 self, is the prolific source of other forms
 of proscription. It is a monster that
 multiplies itself upon us in each new
 form increasedly repulsive, obtruding
 in our very path of enterprise, knowl
 edge, virtue and religion, until many
 have turned backward in despair from
 all the highways of progress. Two
 years ago, when Justice uttered her
 voice throughout Connecticut, and Lib
 erty held her rendezvous in every town,
 but five thousand heeded the cry, and
 rallied to the standard.
 What then shall we despair shall
 we cease all efforts shall we heed
 those who discouragingly say “you can
 accomplish nothing,” “it will do no
 good 5 A moment’s consideration and
 every one must be convinced, that hope
 lessly to yield the struggle is an unwise
 and ruinous course. “It is an eternal
 law of God that whosoever abandoneth
 himself, will the Lord forsake.” They
 are false to nature, blind to duty, treach
 erous to the interests of the present;
 and unmindful of coming generations,
 who advise us to bear unresistingly the
 burthen of oppression.
 It is no doubtful right for which we
 contend. It lies at the foundation ol
 1 our republican government. The doc
 trine is prominently set forth in our
 country’s Constitution that “all just
 governments derive their powers from
 the consent of the governed.” The
 People are the recognized source of
 power. This is the distinctive feature
 both of our National and State Govern
 ments. But the foundation is over
 thrown, if the expression of choice or
 consent is trammelled, or suppressed,
 by prohibitory enactments. There are
 exceptions to the general law a? in the
 case of women, minors, aliens, crimi
 nals, the insane and idiots. These clas
 ses do not participate directly by vote
 in the affairs of the government. Tc
 mention their names is to suggest a rea
 son. But why are native born colored
 men, innocent ol disaffection toward, or
 crime against, the commonwealth de
 barred the rights of citizenship?
 In casting about to ascertain a rea
 son for our disfranchisement we discov
 er wherein we may justly fey at the
 doors of the people of Connecticut, the
 Charge of ingratitude in addition to’that
 of injustice. Let us review the history
 of the State. Let us consider the posi
 tion and numbers ol its colored popula
 tion at critical periods, from the time ol
 the Dutch and Indian troubles in lfrvi
 to the fight at Stonington Borough, in
 1814. Have we not always been emi
 aently loyal and true citizens, and that
 too in the face of the strongest iocen
 tivei to disaffection
 111 Ukt wgr of the Revolution then
THE NORTH STAR.
were seven thousand of our people in
 Connecticut, chiefly held in degrading
 servitude. When the war note was
 every where heard, when the roar of
 the British Lion filled many hearts with
 tremnling and dismay, many whites turn
 ed over to the enemy, following their
 fears, or dazzled by the seductive glit
 ter of British gold. But is the page of
 history sullied with the names of any
 black traitor, tory or coward Yet
 these were the times that tried men's
 souls. Once only were they subjects
 of suspicion, and then a thorough scru
 tiny proved the suspicion base and
 groundless. More than this, our vir
 tues were not s»gs»tive ones only. Col
 ored men, free and bound, sprang into
 the front ranks of freedom’s hosts, yield
 ing with a “noble enthusiasm,” their
 hardy frames to the toils, exposures and
 dangers of war, giving the first practi
 cal and glorious exhibition of the now
 popular motto, “our Country right or
 wrong!" Could a grateful people for
 get such services? Or having them
 fresh in their memories, would they in
 flict so deep a wrong upon the sons of
 these departed patriots, as to deprive
 them of all participancy in a govern
 ment whose foundation stone was hewn
 out by their toils, securely laid amid
 their prayers, and consecrated by the
 outpouring of their blood? Nay would
 they not revert to times anterior to
 these, and exclaim in the language of
 the noble Ellsworth: “we owe a debt to
 the colored population of this country,
 which we can never pay—no, never,
 never unless we can call back oceans of
 tears, and all the groans and agonies of
 the middle passage, and the thousands
 and millions whom we have sent and
 are sending, ignorant, debased and un
 done to eternity!”
 The question recurs brethren, what
 Mhall we do? We are convinced it will
 not do to yield to despair. There is no
 course of “masterly inactivity,” profit
 able or practicable to us in this our ex
 tremity. Something must be done more
 effective than bewailing our lot in each
 other’s ears. The conviction of these
 truths led to the issuing of the call, and
 finally to the holding of the Convention
 from which this address emanates, a
 convention characterized in an eminent
 degree by a spirit of harmony, unanim
 ity, and enthusiasm. Among the meas
 ures advocated there, that of training
 our youths in the practice of mechanic
 arts, met with much favor. This meas
 ure strongly commends itself to us as
 looking to the abandonment of those
 menial, and servile employments, which
 were the unavoidable Jot of the past
 generations.
 The acquisition of property in the
 soil, homesteads, farms and the pursuit
 Df agriculture, are measures deserving
 of serious consideration, as inducing
 habits of industry and economy. It is
 easily perceived that their adoption to
 any considerable extent, must secure
 comfort, open the way to competence,
 and result in stability and independence
 of character.
 The deep injuries we have inflicted
 on ourselves by partaking of the deadly
 intoxicating draught were not there for
 gotten. Our clergymen are called up
 on to bring the hallowed influences of
 religion to bear upon this subject, so
 thoroughly connected with all our hopes
 and aspirations. Every man should be
 careful to maintain a proper degree of
 self respect, as the infallible method of
 commanding the respect of others.—
 But let no man think to exalt himself by
 standing aloof from his people; but on
 the contrary, everywhere identifying
 himselt with them, and laboring earn
 estly and patiently for the welfare of
 all. In the spirit of resolution, No. 11,
 let each recognise, honor, and defend
 his proscribed and oppressed brother,
 and in all lawful ways seek his advance
 ment.
 The subject of education received as
 it justly deserved, particular attention,
 and assumed a prominent place in the
 discussion of the convention. True our
 educational advantages are not great,
 and on that account should they be
 more highly prized, and no opportunity
 to improve them lost. We find the
 doors of the high schools, academies
 and seminaries generally closed against
 our children. But there is now no stat
 utory prohibition. No teacher need
 now fear arrest, fine and imprisonment,
 for his labor of love in teaching a color
 ed child. No colored young lady need
 tremble at a town’s threatening of “ten
 stripes on the naked back” for presum
 ing to enter Connecticut in the pursuit
 of knowledge.
 Let it be remembered, brethren, that
 these and other measures are proposed
 in answer to a general question, “What
 shall be done?” and not as a means
 necessary to entitle us to enfranchise
 ment. Our title to that is perfect, al
 ready; for did we, as a mass, possess
 every qualification requisite to the good
 citizen in the highest perfection, noth
 ing material would be added to the
 strength of our claim to the franchise.
 Our only argument for that is, and must
 ever be, the broad and conclusive one,
 that it is oua right, as native born
 Men, Citizens of this great Republic,
 and members of the Commonwealth of
 Connecticut. The value and wisdom
 of the measures recommended to you,
 are seen in their tendency to increase
 our strength, to multiply the number of
 our friends, and as a means of enabling
 us to wield more intelligently and effec
 tively the
 “Weapon* Unit amt down u still
 A* snow-flake* tali spon the sod,
 But executes a freeman’* will
 A* liflit-ÜBg due* the wilt of God.”
 And furthermore, we must labor di
 rectly, continually, and unitedly, to ac
 complish our object. It has been as
 serted by a great and philosophic mind,
 that “there is nothing that hath any
 •park of God in it but the more it is
 supwMri tbs pwn it risss.” Ut
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD 13 THE FATHER OF US ALL. AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
verify in ourselves the troth of the max
 im. Let us arise in oor might, and
 scatter the living coals of Truth upon
 the consciences of our follow citizens
 of Connecdfcit; let us repeat the story
 of our wrongs, in their ears, until it
 shall affect their hearts, and influence
 favorably their votes. Let there be no
 hesitancy to make sacrifices, to sustain
 and vindicate our cause. What there
 is of resolution and vigor—what we pos
 sess of manliness and energy, must be
 brought to bear upon the question of
 our rights, with uuwavering hope, and
 firm reliance upon the irresistable arm,
 that will turn and overturn, until Justice
 and Judgment ere prevalent throughout
 the earth.
 We need not fear the result. Wt
 mu«t tucceed. “It is an eternal law
 that whosoever assists himself, him will
 the Lord assist.” The issue is fairly
 between principle and prejudice—be
 tween well founded right, and blind
 perversity—between reason and pas
 sion; can it be doubted which shall
 conquer in such a contest? The peo
 ple can be reached. Their hearts are
 not enclosed within impregnable walls.
 “Connecticut,” says one of her many
 eminent sons, “though slow to move,
 moves sure and strong, when she is
 aroused; she is cautious and prudent,
 but when she sees the reason for a
 change, she will change in earnest.”—
 She will perceive that righteousness ex
 alts a nation. That it is the true foun
 dation of national advancement and
 prosperity. Righteousness towards,
 God in the acknowledgement of His
 divine claims and the practice of piety
 and duty and righteousness toward
 man by the establishment o (justice and
 equity and the recognition of the uni
 versal brotherhood.
 Then shall her righteousness break
 forth as the light, and her glory as the
 noonday sun.
 S. M. AFRICANUS,
 HENRY NOTT,
 HENRY A. THOMPSON.
From ihe Boston Republican.
 WEST INDIA EMANCIPATION.
 On no subject, probably, has there
 been such gross, premeditated, and oft
 repeated misrepresentations, as on that
 relating to the consequences and effects
 of the emancipation of the slaves in the
 British West India Islands, which took
 place August 1, 1838. These misrep
 resentations are published by Southern
 slaveholders, and other journals devo
 ted to their interests, and under their
 patronage and control. Perhaps seme
 allowance should be made for the
 amount of interest they have at stake;
 for the prejudice they feel against eman
 cipation, which baß been cherished in
 their bosoms till it has become second
 nature; and the annoyance which such
 an example, close by them, is adapted
 to impart. But all this is no sufficient
 excuse.
 Books have been published by honest
 and impartial men, who have carefully
 examined into the state and condition of
 these Islands, before and since the
 emancipation of the slaves, which books
 have been filled with well authenticated
 facts, proving the perfect safety, as well
 as happy effects of this emancipation.
 These books contain facts which con
 vinced Gov. Everett and other discern
 ing men of the safety, expediency, and
 beneficial effects of emancipation to the
 former masters as well as slaves. Yet
 with all these facts staring them in the
 face, these Slaveholders in our Southern
 States continue to speak of this experi
 ment as a failure, in order to deceive
 people who have not the means of as
 certaining the truth.
 The following well timed, and well
 applied rebuke of th« constant slander
 and abuse above referred to, is taaen
 from the Kingston Journal, published
 on the Island of Jamaica
 “The allusion to the British West In
 dies is most unfortunate, inasmuch as
 the condition of those colonies falsifies
 all the statements and predictions of
 these Southern members. Who will
 look at this island, for example, and
 say “the existing relation between the
 free and servile races cannot be sepa
 rated/’and the races “cannot live to
 gether in peace, or harmony, or to their
 mutual advantage?” Where is the
 man, however favorably inclined to
 ward the much-loved system of the
 Southern States of America, or preju
 diced against the dark hued inhabitants
 of that portion of the Union, or of this
 colony, who will be bold enough to as
 sert that ‘wretchedness and misery and
 desolation’ have been the result of eman
 cipation? But the Southern members
 appeared to feel that their ground was
 not safe under them. Hence they tell
 their constituents, that “since the
 emancipation,” the British government
 “has kept up a sufficient military and
 naval force to keep the blacks in awe,
 and a large number of magistrates,
 constables, and other civil officers to
 keep order in the towns and on planta
 tions, and enforce respect to their for
 mer owners.” It is very evident from
 this observation that they knew nothing
 ot the true state of affairs in the West
 Indies, and, if they do, have purposely
 misrepresented them. There has been
 a very large diminution of both the mil
 itary and naval forces in the West In
 dies since the abolition of slavery. Some
 years ago the regular troops in this
 island alone amounted to from eight to
 ten thousand men. Now, we believe,
 there are not two thousand in it.
 “As to the naval forces, those who
 knew Port Royal during Urn palmy days
 of Slavery, and look at it at present,
 can say whether there has been a falling
 off in this department of our defence.—
 During slavery, evenr rural pariah had
 four or five constables, and the towns
 a larger number, the total of which,
 we have no doubt, would he found
 fully equal la the number of police now
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1849.
employed for the preservation of the
 peace. Some three hundred and fifty
 of these are divided among twenty-two
 perishes, and a population upward of
 400,000 souls, “to keep order,** as
 these Southern members say, “in the
 towns and on the plantations, and en
 force respect to former owners." But
 there is no police on the plantations,
 nor any necessity for them; and what
 will appear most astonishing to South
 ern alarmists, “the social and political
 superiority of education and talent" is
 still preserved. The Southern mem
 bers of Congress, after crowding a lot
 of misstatements into very nearly as
 manr lines, thus triad up their allusions
 to the West Indies: “But notwith
 standing all this, the British West In
 dia possessions are ruined, impoverish
 ed, miserable, wretched, and destined
 probably to be abandoned to the black
 race.” This, many of our readers will
 think, is going ahead rather too fast—
 running to a conclusion much too rap
 idly. Our reply is, It is not true; there
 never was a period in the history of the
 British West Indies, in which life and
 property were more secure, and peace
 and quiet more universal, or a better
 feeling existed between all classes of
 the community.
HAPPY SLAVERY!
 Slavery is a blessed institution! a happy
 institution a natural state of society shouts
 the slaveholder. Let us see how he proves
 this. The following picture of Southern
 life from the Canton (Miss.) Creole, gives an
 illustration of the happy and peaceful state of
 society under the patriarchal institution:
 PATROLS.
 Mr. Editor: —Permit me through the
 medium of the Creole, to call the atten
 tion of our Honorable Police Court to
 the subject of patrols in our county.
 At this time, when there is such an
 alarming agitation on the slave ques
 tion—every prudential measure that
 will contribute to our internal quiet,
 should be adopted. That an efficient
 system of patrols will do this, I imagine
 few will question.
 On the generally conceded fact of
 exclusive jurisdiction by the Police
 Court over this question—under the
 constitutional term of ‘County Police,’
 I purpose a remark upon the necessity
 of some action on the subject.
 The fearful agitation now threatening
 the Union, on the slave question, should
 be sufficient cause for the utmost vigi
 lance on our part. Add to this the
 more alarming fact of the growing in
 subordination among she slaves of the
 South, and it appears to me as criminal
 in us to neglect any—even the least—
 measure of security.
 I am aware that there are some who
 oppose any system of patrol, on the
 ground that it is the duty of every man
 to patrol his own premises; and in a
 community of large plantations, this
 plan may do; for there the owners are
 tinder the two-fold obligation of econo
 my and interest to keep strict watch.
 But those who own but few slaves are
 not under the same necessity, and in-'
 deed, cannot afford to ‘mount guard.’
 The result is, that after nightfall near
 half the negroes in the county are liter
 ally ‘at large,’ and no more called for
 by their owners until the next day’s
 work commences. What better oppor
 tunity could be asked for organizing a
 deadly plot? This county has proba
 bly never been free from the presence
 of abolition incendiaries and emissaries,
 and but few such are required to cor
 rupt the whole slave population. And
 probably at no time in our history has
 so many suspicious vagrant characters
 been observed among us, as within the
 last twelve or eighteen months. The
 late startling case in South Carolina
 affords a fresh demonstraiion of their
 efforts.
 Looking at all these facts, it seems
 to me strange that there is such gene
 ral apathy in the public mind on this
 subject. Having every civilized nation
 of the earth clamoring against our pe
 culiar institution, and more than half
 of our own citizens denouncing it as a
 ‘great moral and political evil,* we
 should feel that we slumbered on a
 volcano when we are careless on this
 subject.
 The history of odr country will show
 that every insurrection among the
 slaves, from that of 1795, on the coast
 of Louisiana, to that of 1835, in Madi
 son county, have occurred at a time
 when there was the most profound se
 curity, to all appearance. And al
 though no record is made of the fact,
 I have no doubt but it is equally true,
 that immediately prior to each, there
 was no patrol organization, or if any,
 a very inefficient system. Many citi
 zens of this county can remember that
 in *34 and *35 there was scarcely such
 a thing known as a patrol in the coun-
 Q, until the people were aroused to a
 sense of their danger by accident on
 ly, in time to save themselves from
 massacre.
 Scarcely a week passes now, but
 some later evidence of the insubordina
 tion among the slaves occurs in our
 States. Where is to be the end of this
 without some system to force order a
 mong them? 1 see nothing more prob
 able than another outbreak accomplish
 ing the fdeath of thousands of oar
 citizens, and desolating the country.
 Bet I have already said more than
 there is any necessity for, perhaps, as
 my object is only to call the attention
 of our worthy police-men to the sub
 ject, believing they wfll give it the at
 tention due its importance, when con
 sulting the Pcslic Safety.
SeLF-DESTBOTIKG CfIIKiCTU or
 Slavery .-—Our root* lay along Tory
 interesting coootry, portly in the State
 of Maryland, and partly in Vinpaia.—
 Wo beheld a groat number of slaves
 at work m the Urn that I
had seen at their degrading labor.—
 I They exhibited no lift, do activity in
 their occupation; but teemed to drag
 themselves along as if existence were a
 weariness; they plied their implements
 of industry, careless as to the amount
 of work done, or studious to do as little
 las possible. My companion, Mr. Por
 ter, a staunch anti-slavery man, des
 canted on the deleterious effects of
 slavery on the soil itself; endeavoring
 to prove that Maryland and V irginia
 were worn out by this kind of cultiva
 tion. Whether this is so or not, I can
 not pretend to determine; but the whole
 country where these slaves were at
 work has an extremely barren appear
 ance. Such is the decree of God, that
 this enormous evil may wear itself out,
 and the planters be obliged to turn to
 the cultivation of such productions as
 may make it profitable to employ free
 labor. God appears to curse with ste
 rility the land cultivated by the slaves.
 The planters, I was informed, were
 getting very poor; and it was appar
 ently becoming their interest to turn
 their attention to something else in the
 place of tobacco and the other produc
 tions on which slave labor is chiefly
 employed. We passed on, and soon
 lost sight of the haggard, dispirited,
 broken-hearted,oppressed slave. Those
 fields had witnessed the iabor, the
 tears, the blood of their race for gene
 rations; and for aught which appears,
 must continue to witness the same
 miseries in their children, unless Hea
 ven shall, in mercy, increase the inten
 tensity of his malediction, and render
 the country completely sterile. But
 would this be any relief? No; these
 poor wretches would be sold, and sent
 farther South; and if even the same
 fate should follow them into the Caro
 lines and Georgia, still there are Tex
 as, Mexico, and California, to be peo
 pled and cultivated by this unfortunate
 race. The evil seems to be indefinite,
 eternal. Provision has been made,
 designedly or otherwise, by the con
 quests of the States, for the progress
 of this scourge, for all time to come.—
 Methodism in America.
From the Centrerille, (Ind.) Sentinel.
 LETTER FROM J. M. BARRETT.
Spartanburgh Prison, Sept. 12. 1847.
 My Dear Father :—I have not writ
 ten you for some days. But 1 must not
 defer it longer. Nothing of interest has
 occurred with me since my last. lam
 still in prison and most relentlessly per
 secuted by a portion of those around
 me. But you need have no apprehen
 sion of their injuring me fn the end. 1
 am above the injustice and slander of
 reckless petty tyrants, who would rob
 me of character, even life if they could.
 1 have violated no law of this State in
 any way. I know it, and, therefore,
 foresee that the time must come when
 the conduct of those who persecute me
 fiercely will meet the indignant censure
 of the whole country. The last Spar
 tan, you will see, publishes Mr. W. H.
 Brisbane, of Cincinnati, as the man who
 sent me the documents and letters, about
 which lam cast into prison. If this be
 true, by Mr. Brisbane, then, I could
 readily show that those things were
 sent me without my knowledge or con
 sent in any way, previously obtained.
 He is a man of undoubted repute at
 Cincinnati, and his testimony would be
 as utterly unimpeachable as that of any
 man’s in South Carolina, I care not
 who he is. Mr. Harwood is also a man
 of undoubted veracity among his ac
 quaintances, and his testimony would
 go as far in a Court of Justice at home
 as any man’s by him I could prove
 that I came into the country not to cir
 culate documents, or operate upon the
 institution of slavery in any way. The
 above testimony would inevitably clear
 me of the whole matter. Well, what
 think you The heartless injustice and
 tyranny of the prosecution has deprived
 me of this testimony, the only means by i
 which I can make my innocence appa
 rent. 1 was prepared for almost any
 thing else but this. Even the last
 treachery of depriving me of bail as it
 had been promised was not equal to de
 nying me the testimony of the most im
 portant witnesses. It is a law of this
 State to examine distant witnesses bv
 commission, in which both parties join
 or the commission is defeated. My en
 emies refuse to join a commission to
 examine the witnesses before mention
 ed, and thus you see they deprive me
 of their testimony. Let them exercise
 their brief authority” over me, it must
 come to an end soon. They can’t prove
 aught against me by any honorable
 man, and Harwood and Brisbane will
 clear me in this matter before the world.
 My Dear Father, let me exhort you
 to give yourself no trouble, if possible,
 on my account, even if my case was ten
 times worse. If I had committed any
 offence against the laws, that could
 stain my name with infamy, it would be
 vour duty to exercise philosophy and
 that pure religion that is above philoso
 phy, which lifts the soul from the poor
 transient events of this world, into that
 brighter aad better realm, which God
 has stamped with eternity.
 I almost feel that I am never to enjoy
 much happiness in this world, it seems
 to me that I am doomed to be a com
 panion with misfortune in of
 life, be it long or short. But I feel the
 evidence within roe that there is a spirit
 world-a bright etherial existence above
 this dull mortality, where disease and
 death cannot come, and the troubles
 and trials of this world are felt no more.
 Oh God, let us look to this and forget
 that we are dull worms of the dust, the
 creatures of an boor. Let us look to
 that lift eternal that may be enjoyed in
 the world to come.
 Your affectionate Son,
 J. M. BARRETT.
 P. S. The draft on the Cincinnati
 Bank in which your money it depeeitod
will be faithfully kepi, and the money
 will aoon be returned to you.
 My beafch is as good as 1 could ex
 pect. Court comes on in three weeks,
 after which 1 hope to return home im
 mediately. J. M. B.
THE FALL OF HOSE.
 The London Daily .Yews publisher
 n lone letter from Joseph Mazzini ex
 postulating with England for allowing
 the French to crush the Roman Repub
 lic. The following passages will be
 read with painful interest by all who
 believe and rejoice in human progress.
 Rome has fallen! It is a great
 crime and a great error. The crime
 belongs entirely to France; the error to
 to civilized Europe, and, above all, to
 your England. I say your England,
 for in the questions which are now at
 issue in Rome, and which it is in vain
 to attempt to stifle by brute force, Eng
 land appears to me, and did appear to
 us all, to be equally concerned.
 Three questions—the question of prin
 ciple, of international right, of Euro
 pean morality—the political question,
 properly so called, the balance of pow
 er in Europe, influence to be preser
 ved or obtained—and the religious
 question—all were, in fact, raised al
 ready in Rome before the entrance of
 the French. The question of princi
 ple is, thank God, sufficiently clear.
 A population of more than two mil
 lions of men having peacefully,solemnly
 and legally chosen, through a consti
 tutional assembly regularly elected, a
 form of government, is deprived of it
 by foreign violence, and forced again
 to submit to the power which had been
 abolished; and that without the popu
 lation having furnished the slightest
 pretext for such violence, or made the
 slightest attempt against the peace of
 neighboring countries. The calum
 nies which have been for months sys
 tematically circulated against our re
 public are of little importance; it was
 necessary to defame those whom it had
 determined to destroy. But I affirm
 that the republic, voted almost uuani
 mously by the Assembly, had the gen
 eral and spontaneous approbation of
 the country; and of this, the explicit
 declaration of almost all the munici
 palities of the Roman States voluntari
 ly renewed at the time of the French
 invasion, without any initiative on the
 part of the Roman Government, is a
 decisive proof. I affirm that with the
 exception of Acona, where the triumvi
 rate were obliged energetically to re
 press certain .criminal -acts of political
 vengeance, the republican cause was
 never sullied by the slightest excess;
 that never was there any censorship
 assumed over the press before the
 siegj, never did ,the occasion arise for
 exercising it during the siege; not a
 single condemnation to death or to ex
 ile bore witness to a severity which it
 would have been our right to have ex
 ercised, but which the perfect unanim
 ity which reigned among all the ele
 ments of the state rendered useless.
 I affirm that, except in the case of
 three or four priests, who had been
 guilty of firing upon our combatants
 and who were killed by the people du
 ring the last days of the siege, not a
 single act of personal violence was
 committed by any fraction of the pop
 ulation against another, and that if ev
 er there was a town presenting the spec
 tacle of a band of brothers pursuing
 a common end, and bound together by
 the same faith, it was Rome under the
 republican rule. The city was inhabi
 ted by foreigners from all part 9 of the
 world, by the consular agents, by many
 of your countrymen; let any one of
 them arise, and, under the guarantee
 ofbisown signature, deny, if he can,
 the truth of what I say. Terror now
 reigns in Rome; the prisons are now
 choked with men who have been arres
 ted and detained without trial; fifty
 priests are confined in the Castle of
 St. Angelo, whose only crime consists
 in their having lent their services in
 our hospitals; the citizens, the best
 known for their moderation, are ex
 iled; the army is almost entirely dissol
 ved the city disarmed, and the fac
 tious’ sent away, even to the last roan;
 and yet France dares not consult in a le
 gal manner the will of the population,
 but re-establishes the Papal authority
 by military decree. I do not believe
 that since the dismemberment of Po
 land there has been committed a more
 atrocious injustice, a more gross vio
 lation of the eternal right which God
 has implanted in the people,—that of
 appreciating and defining for them
 selves their own life, and governing
 themselves in accordttpce with their
 own appreciation of it.
 Above the questiou of right, above
 the question of politicsl interest, both
 of which were of a nature to excite ear
 ly the attention of England, there is
 another question being agitated at
 Rome of a very different kind of im
 portance, and which ought to have a
 roused all those who believe in the vi
 tal principle of religious reformation—
 it is that of liberty of conscience. The
 religious question which broods a: the
 root of all political questions showed
 itself there, great ai»d visible in all its
 European importance. The Pope at
 Gaeta was the theory of absolute infal
 lible authority exiled frpm Rome for
 ever; and exiled from Rome waa to be
 exiled from the world. The abolition
 of the temporal power evidently drew
 with it, in the minds of all ihoee who
 understood the secret of the Papal au
 thority, the emancipation of men’s
 minds from the spiritual authority
 i The principle of liberty and of tree con
 |ient, elevated by the CoostitotiooaJ
 I Assembly into a living active right,
 tended rapidly to destroy the absolu
 tist dogma which tram Rmm ehas more
 than ever to enchain dm universe.
 The high aristocracy of the Roman
JOHN DICK,PufL!SH£*
WHOLE NO.^s.
Catholic clergy well know the imposes
 bilty of retaining the soul in darknett,
 io the midst of light inundating the is*
 telligsnce of men; for this reuon they
 carried off their Pope to Gseta; for
 this reason they now refuse ell compro
 mise. They know that any compro
 mise would be fatal to them; that they
 must re-enter as conquerors, or not at
 And in the same way the aristoc
 racy of the clergy foit this inseparabil
 ity of the two powers, the French Gov
 ernment, in present reactionary
 march, has felt that the. keystone of
 despotism is at Rome—that the ruin of
 the spiritual authority of the middle a
 ges was the ruin of its own projects—
 and that the only method of securing
 to it a few more years of existence wim
 to rebuild for it a temporal domin
 ion.
 “England has understood nothing
 of this.—She has not understood what
 there was of sublime and prophetic in
 this cry of emancipation, in this prot
 estation in favor of human liberty, is
 *uing from the very heart of ancient
 Rome, in the face of the Vatican. She
 tias not felt that the struggle in Rome
 was to cut the Gordian knot of moral
 servitude, against which she has long
 and vainly opposed her biblical socie
 ties, her Christian and evangelical al
 liances; and that there was being o
 pened, had she but extended a sisterly
 hand to the movement, a mighty path
 way for the human mind. She has not
 understood that one bold word, respect
 for the liberty of thought,’ opposed to
 the hypocritical language of the French
 Ciovernment, would have been suffi
 cient to inaugurate the era of a new
 religious policy, and to conquer for
 herself a decisive ascendency upon the
 Continent.”
 From th* Medical mod Surgical Journal.
 THE SCIENCE OF OPTICS.
 There are two self-taught men m
 Vlassachusetts, who are learned with
 out pretence, and who, were they in
 habitants of Europe, instead of this
 :ommonwealth, would long since have
 )een honored with tho fostering atten
 entions of philosophers, for their dis
 inguished attainments, as Dollandand
 Kraunhofer were, in the same difficult,
 jut exceedingly important department
 )fscience, viz., optics. One who is
 \lvan Clarke of Boston, a miniature
 jainter, who has constructed several
 elescopes, under circumstances very
 infavorable indeed, partly during those
 ractions of time when he could not pur
 lue his regular vocation, but chiaily
 ate at night. These instruments are
 scarcely equalled, and not surpassed,
 by those of the most celebrated for
 eign manufacturers. Mr. Clarke makes
 every part with his own hands—grinds
 »nd polishes the lenses, and hasaston
 shed those who are competent to ap
 ireciate the magnitude of his mechani
 cal achievements, in the construction
 &gt;f a really splendid refractor. This
 lowever, is only a small part of the
 narvel. Mr. Clarke is profoundly fa
 niliar with the laws of light,
 lis own beautiful instrument has made
 limself as familiar with the firmament,
 »nd all the telescopic objects of the
 leavens, as with the canvass on which
 te daily labors for bread. The other,
 equally deserving for his moral quali
 ies, mechanical ingenuity, and pro
 bund knowledge in the same field of
 icience, is J. B. Allen of Springfield,
 i modest, retiring, deserving individ
 jal, who, as in the other case, without
 i patron, without an instructor, and al
 most without the approving recogni
 ion of those who are reputed to be
 wise above the multitude, has few e
 ]uals in the domain of optics. He, too,
 i&amp;s fabricated elegant reflecting telet
 ypes—and it would be an honor to
 he great town of Springfield to pur
 chase one of them for the use of the
 public schools, as the period may come
 when it will be a boast, that Mr. Allen
 resided there. At the late session of
 the American Association for the ad
 vancement of Science, at Cambridge,
 Mr. Allen exhibited a microscope
 which he had made. If we are not
 misinformed he had never seen ona
 himself before. It was admired for its
 wonderfully defining powers, and ia en
 ough to give him a permanent reputa
 tion. Amos Lawrence, Eaq., of Bos
 ton, celebrated for acts of generosity
 and encouragement, purchased it at
 once, and Mr. Allen was elected a
 member.
 These gentleman are not merely me
 chanics—they are philosophers, m the
 highest sense. They have taught
 themselves what scarcely one of a thou,
 •and understands, with .11
 rior advantages of tutor*, text-books,
 lectures, and systematic experimental
 guidance. If onr universities would
 lend a helping hand to geniuses like
 these, instead of plastering over empty
 heads with honorary degrees, to grati
 fy some relative of a trustee’s friend,
 who has neither claims nor brains, how
 much would it redound to their in
 fluence. Let these men have in op
 portunity of exhibiting the power that
 is in them, and they would astonish tho
 world with the grandeur of their a
 cbievements. Since, however, they are
 neither noticed by college professors,
 nor introduced into observatories, their
 appropriate place, the object of thee*
 observations is to elicit an interest m
 their behalf with the medics! profession.
 Physiology can only progress under tho
 microscope, sod there is room enough
 to employ all the forces that can be en
 listed into the service. Those who are
 food of those researches, and are m
 want of suitable instruments, are ad
 vised to call upon Meaer*. Clarke and
 Allen for them, aod we luiva no doubt
 they will be furnished with suck as will
 enable them, with proper application.
 ;to carry physiological researches be-
 I jrond all modern boundaries.
"
