"Fortin New* of the Week.
 The Caledonia reached Boston last Friday,
 jnd brings dates from London and Liverpool
 0 p to Sept. 29th.
 England.—A blank week in Kngland. John
 Ball it resting in peace and comparative plen
 ty. He ia looking forward to a winter auch
 a* w aaually attendant upon a good harvest—
 ot cheap food and improving itnde. Kossuth
 expected by the lost Peninsular packet,
 but in consequence of oliataclea thrown in hia
 way, had not arrived. On the day of hia ex
 pected arrival, the Times in that mean Tory
 spirit of opposition to progress and liberty by
 w hich u has been characterized on Hungaran
 affairs, published a communication calculated
 to damp the welcome and damage the char
 acter of the illustrious patriot. The article,
 it seems, is a translation from one published
 in the Augsburg Gazette, some months ago,
 with the intention 01 checking the sympathy
 then manifested for the Hungarians. This
 attack was at that time clearly refuted by the
 friends of Kossuth. The Times, however,
 makes no mention of that refutation. The
 affair is one of unparalleled meanness, unwor
 thy even of the well earned reputation of tha
 ]/&gt;ndon leviathan for dishonesty and one-ei
 oedneas. This attack will probably do M.
 Kossuth .ittle injury in Kngland. Such an
 example of inhospitable and uncharitable wel
 come wi/f certainly be little followed or sym
 pathised with.
 The mortality from cholera has lurther de
 clined For three weeks ending Sept. 92nd,
 the Bills of mortality in the London Districts
 give the following statement; First week,
 deaths from choleia 2,026; second week,
 1,682; third week, 830. At the beginning
 of the month, the deaths ftom cholera were
 about 40(1 daily in London, on the 27th ult.
 there were only 79 deaths for all I/ondon
 for all Kngland, 331; Scotland 57.
 The Free Trade Club was unanimously dis
 solved on the 20th Sept, and it is intended to
 constitute a new club on the very same prem
 ises, (St. James's-square.)London, to be bas
 ed upon the principles of parliamentary and
 financial reform. It will be railed the “Na
 tional Reform Club.”
 In reference to proposals for a loan to Aus
 tria. the following letter ftom Mr. Cobden
 has appeared in the London papers.
 Oaki.ands, near Sedlescombe, Sussex
 Sept. 25, 1819.
 My dear Sir, 1 have this moment read in
 a London paper the prospectus for a new loan
 issued by the Austrian Government. Now,
 this is the time for the friends of peace and
 disarmament to raise their voices in condem
 nation and exposure to the system by which
 Austria and the other powers maintain their
 enormous armies, and carry war and destruc
 tion, not only into their own provinces, but
 into the territories of their neighbors. A
 public meeting should be immediately cal
 led in London to denounce this attempt to
 evy upon the earnings of peaceful industry
 he means of paying llaynau and his Croats
 or their butcheries in Brescia, and their a
 iroc.ties in Hungary. There is not a friend
 or admirer of the oppressed and slandered
 Magyars or Italians who will not press for
 ward jo swell the chorus of execration at this
 audacious proposal to borrow from the Euro
 peau public the money with which to pay the
 price of successful violence and injustice. It
 is a matter upon which every man is called
 upon to express his opinion for all of us are,
 upon teims of the prospectus, invited to sub
 scribe for the loan. Is there a Jew in Lon t
 don who will not be eager to attend such a
 meeting to repudiate all connection with the
 projected loan, and to denounce the authors of
 those atrocitiies against his co-religionists at
 Buda-Pesth—atrocities in which Haynau
 has surpassed everything that has occured
 since the persecutions of the middle ages 1
 I will be in town on Thuisday next to meet a
 Committee of the Friends of Peace, and if it
 be decided to hold a meeting, 1 shall be there
 to take a part in it. And believe me faith
 fully yours, RICH. COBDEN.
 To E. Fry, Esq.
 The murderer Manning, incarcerated in
 Horsemonger Lane gaol, has been engaged
 writing poetry. One of the pieces, The
 Prison Bell,” (says the Morning Chronicle)
 is worthy of a belter mind. A re-examina
 tion lately took place, the cards of entree is
 sued specially for the occasion, were in great
 demand. It was remarked that the princi
 pal actors in one of the theatres were present,
 and were attentive students. The prisoners
 were again remanded for further examina
 tion
 There is a prospect of some large measure
 of Financial reform being carried in next ses
 sion of Parliament. The Morning Adcerti
 ter says
 We learn from a source on which we
 can rely, (hat Lord John Russel has folly re
 solved on introducing, in the ensuing session
 of Parliament, a variety ofunpoitant financial
 reforms. Theaggiegate saving to the coun
 try will, we are told, be great.”
 C. L. Bonaparte, or as he is otherwise'
 known, the Prince of Canine, w as recently in
 Birmingham, when George Dawson and sev
 eral other gentlemen waited upon, and re
 quested him to accept of a soiree. He re
 spectfully declined, and wrote a reply in
 which we find the following statement, in!
 which, though there may be some overstate
 ment on the one hand, every hater of Amer
 ican slavery, and more especially every col
 ored man in these I. 1 idled States, will lie
 ready to acknowledge that there is much
 truth
 I should have been happy in thanking the
 inhabitants of Birmingham—to thank, at the
 same lime, the noble nation from which I
 have received sc kind hospitality, and to tes
 tify my admiration to that constitution which,
 notwithstanding the faults that in theory you
 may find an objection to, works so admirably
 in practice, and gives this great people so
 much greatness, and happiness, and liberty,
 to an extent that is not possessed in any other
 country, not only of Europe, but of all the
 world; whilst better framed constitutions,
 without the vigilance of an enlightened peo
 ple, can make pseudo monarchies, or, what
 is worse, mock republics.”
 In Ireland, &lt;quiet is generally preserved.
 A Cork paper, o| a late date, gives an ac
 count of the assembling of some five hundred
 persons, variously aimed, at a place called
 Mulloch Mast, not f w f rom Tipperary.
 What their intentions were, or w helber they
 had any'definite object, does not appear but
 from inquiries made by ihe police, it seems
 that a secret organization is extensively in
 progress in the South of Ireland.
 The Ltmenck Eia/mner, has the the fol
 lowing about the expatnated John Mitchell
 The friends and family of John Mitchell
 have, we aie informed, received notification
 from the English Government, to the effect
 that they (the Government,) having taken
 into consideration the condition of John
 .Mitchel's health, have granted him free leave
 anu liberty to go wheresoever he pleases,
 subject (o oo restraint,. with the exception
 that be eh*li OQt rstufo to or settle in any
 pon*on or eofooy in .M* Kingdom,
H* proposes, we are told, to proceed to Ger-
 W, for the purpose of try*, the effect of
 we apes in the restorstioo of life health
 Hia wife and family suit remain ra thin coan-
 Vh Tl l e I f bil t rct1 who n 1 care
 of Ree. John Kenyon. P. P*. Tempkderrr
 will leave to join their fitther aa toon a* be
 •hall be ecu led ia any eligible locality.”
 It ia ie contemplation to erect aroyal marine
 residence on the Irish coast, aboat seven miles
 from Dublin, and within a mile and a half of
 Kingston harbor.
 France —The French President haa been
 employing htmaelf in supreyiog certain imped
 iments to the navigation of the Lower Seine
 which employment gate occasion for some
 speeches, receptions, processions, Ac.
 Mr. Rives, who succeeds Mr. Rush as
 Minister of the United States to the French
 Republic, ban arrived in Paris.
 The Roman question ia Mill undecided.
 General Rostolan has in vain proaeud upon the
 cardinals the publication of tbe President’s
 lettsr, and thus adopt it as an official docu
 ment, of which they, and not the French
 Minister, would bear the responsibility. This
 they will not do. The General in hia perplea
 ity says that he would far prefer tbe diiectioo
 of a siege, or the assault of a beleagured city,
 to the diplomatic skirmishes which he is con
 stantly obliged to keep op with priests, and
 he has expressed his determination to leave,
 and the ‘2oth was to see him depart from
 Rome. Subsequent iuatructtoA will proba
 bly, however, alter bis determination.
 The 83d was the anniversary of the first
 Republic it passed off as quietly as could
 have been expected. The only circumstance
 marking the proceedings was a dinner, at
 which the political prisoners of the Concier
 gerie were present.
 A considerable number of trees of liberty
 in Paris, which not having sent forth leaves,
 bad become bare poles, have just been uproot
 ed by order of the authorities. To prevent
 the possibility of any popular commotion, this
 measure was carried into effect during the
 night.
 The cholera continues to ravage the de
 partments. At Marseilles, there were fifty
 five deaths on the 18th, up to three o’clock in
 the afternoon.
 The Labor question (says Jerrold’s News)
 ie to be brought prominently before the pub
 lic in 1* ranee by a kind of Radical Conserva
 tive paper, to appear on Oct. 1. It will be
 interesting to see whether the French notables
 (many members of the Chambers are to sup
 port the paper in question) have made any
 progress towards practical views on this all
 absorbing subject. Loose phrases and senti
 mental generalities carry no relief with them
 A searching and fearless inquiry will alone
 expose the folly of the French commercial
 system, as lying at the bottom of the poverty
 and privations under which the bulk of the
 people labors.
 Rome.—The correspondent of the Daily
 -\eu&gt;s writes that a granS escape of condemn
 ed, or rather accused priests took place from
 the prisons of the Inquisition, where they
 were confined for trivial offences. They suc
 ceeded in effecting a subterranean excavation
 from their dungeon to upper day, or rather
 night, for they made off about one’clock after
 midnight, without being molested by the
 French sentries in the neighborhood; for, as
 it had been denied that there were any pris
 &gt;nerB in the vaults, the soldiers did not con.
 iider themselves obliged to watch ve.ry strict
 y. Some women of the Trastevars quarter
 ire said to have assisted considerably in the
 liberation of the prisoners, of whom from
 nine to thiiteen are variously stated to have
 escaped. Some of the unfortunate men were
 prevented from emerging with their compan
 ions, by the not unpriestly corpulence of one
 of their number, who got jammed in the es
 cape-hole, and fixed himself so firmly in the
 w all by his own efforts, that, fiading return
 as tedious as to go o’er,’ he was obliged to
 remain until the affair got wind, and he was
 captured midway. Two French artillery
 men, walking from the neighboring guard
 house, saw the first prisoners escape, and pre
 tended not to observe them, saying one to an
 other, Laissons done .echapper ces pauvres
 diables—faut leur tourner le dos.’
 Austria and Hungary.—The Morning
 Chronicle has a letter dated Vienna, Sept. 22,
 which communicates the surrender of Co
 morn castle. It is as follows
 Having nothing of importance to commu
 nicate, I did not intend writing today, buttbe
 news I have just heard is of too great impor
 tance to allow me to remain silent. I allude
 to the surrender of Comorn Caatle. My au
 thority is too good to admit of doubt, and
 there is reason for believing that the public
 are purposely kept in ignorance of the event
 till after tbe banquet has taken place, General
 Haynau reserving the grand piece of intelli
 gence for a post prandium speech.”
 Germany.— Ihe Cologne quoting
 the Nuretnburg Corresponds/, gives the sub
 joined, as the basis cf arrangement between
 Austria and Prussia, relative to the new Cen
 tral Government of Geimany “1. There
 shall be established between the German Gov
 ernments, in accordance with tbe administra
 tors of the empire, a new ad interim Central
 eminent, which shall he exercised by
 Austria and Prussia to the Ist of May,
 2. The object of this is io maintain the Gar
 man Confedeiation as the indissoluble union
 of all the German States. 3. During the in
 terim, the affair of the Constitution of Ger
 many is left to the tree arrangement of the
 States. 4. If at the expiration of the interim
 nothing be done, an understanding shall be
 come to with respect to the Constitution of the
 new Central Government.
 5. A Commission of the Empire, composed
 of four members, two of whom shall be nomi
 nated by Austria, and two by Prussia, shall
 direct, under the presidency of Austria (which
 presidency, however, shall only be an affair of
 etiquette,) the affairs which were attributed
 to the Special Council of the old Diet the
 other Governments of the confederation shall
 send Plenipotentiaries to the Commission.—
 b. The Commission of the Empire shall only
 be tesponsible to those bv whom it is nomina
 ted. 7. At soon as the Government shall
 have given their assent to the preceding prop
 osition, tbe administration of tbe Empire shall
 deposit its dignity and powers ui the hands of
 the Emperor of Austria and tbe King of Prus
 sia.” Other accounts, however, say that the
 negotiations between Austria and Prussia
 have not yet assumed any definite fonp.
 Russia. The Gntoasuin Gazette saya
 that tbe Russians have attacked the fortress
 of Achulga, tbe seat of Schamyi. Aa soon
 ae the first attack of the Russians bad been
 repolaed by tbs Circassians, ths RussiaDj 1
 commenced a fresh attack, and after a bloody
 contest, stormed this fortress that forms the
 key of the enemy's position. Tbs Russians
 lost in dead tod wounded 26 officers and 307
 men. On Jaly 27th s general attack was
 made on the fortress of Achulga. The Cir
 cassians wen fffrywbere repaired. The
Russians loti on tin* day in dead and
 ed W officer* and 883 soldiers.
 Sraw.—Advices from Gibraltar stale Ux
 Spanish fort res* of Metilim had haan rniafac
 ad by troops, and that the expedition again*
 the Moor* was, in consequence, postponed.
 BlnincTr-M—Toloyy, Ac,
 W hkatlaxd, 10th, iatch, 1840.
 F. OoreLAsa, Dear Friend. —l am on mi
 return Iron a short visit to
 While there, I spent ooe evening at Conn
 thian Hall. When I entered, the
 lecture had already commenced. The speak
 er seemed laboring to show the influence o
 mind upon mind. To ooe having a tolcrnbli
 knowledge of human nature, this is no nev
 doctrine. The illustration* ia the expert
 meats which followed the lecture were eer
 uinly an amaaing exhibition of the almost on
 limited control one person may exert ove
 the tastes and prejudices, tflbetioos and re
 pulsions of another^
 After the lecture some fifteen or twentj
 persons of both sexes, voluntarily came for
 ward to ascertain whether they were suscep
 tible of receiving the mysterious influence
 A half dime set in tine was then placed ir
 each of their hands upon which they were di
 rected to place their entire attention—un
 necessary advice, one would suppose, in ibii
 age of acquisitiveness. This being done fot
 some five minutes, the operator in a verj
 quiet manner, made a few passes over tlx
 forehead and eyes of each, and then anothei
 pause when the same operation waa again
 performed, and then another pause, when thr
 operator again passed and took from each tht
 precious metsl which lay before them
 Some were so stupid as not to mind it, while
 others appeared not quite so contented in
 paiting with the attractive gem. Let me
 heie suggest for the benefit of friends Fi&amp;ke
 and Burr, that they obtain some California
 gold to place in the hands of their subjects.
 It strikes me that it would have the remark*
 able effect of quieting their nerves in much
 less time than silver. And if suffered to re
 main there it might have the excellent effect
 of allaying the California fever. But to
 pass on.
 There was another performance not very
 easily described, when it was ascertained who
 were, and who were not under the influence
 of the operator. Four of the number were
 then asked to take seats upon the platform—
 one a lad of about sixteen, the son of a rela
 of mine (by marriage) living near the city.
 One seemed not inclined to go, but the pre
 cious metal being placed before his eyes, he
 seemed unavoidably drawn in the direction of
 and upon the platform.
 Various amusing experiments were then
 performed, plainly evincing that the subjects
 were to a great extent, if not wholly under
 the influence of the operator, and this too
 while apparently awake. Water seemed to
 them to taste like vinegar, honey, pepper
 mint, cologne, or anything that friend Fiske
 chose to have it tasts. They were placed
 in various positions and then told to alter their
 position if they could. Every effort seemed
 anavailing. Their condition was unchange
 able till told “all right,” when they were in
 itantly as if by magic restored to the entire
 aossession of all their faculties and 1
 Their memory was taken and restored at
 will. Objects were made to assume different
 :olors. Now the building w r as a Court House,
 ind their number divided in the court, coun
 jel, officer, and prisoner,—now the scene was
 :hanged and the entire building enveloped in
 [lames, —instantly those magic words all
 rig fit,” would restore them to their wonted
 composure. It was truly diverting to see
 cold water called vinegar by one, and honey
 lay his next neighbor.
 What, sir, do you call that stuff honey?”
 I do sir.”
 Allow me to tell you that you are no
 judge of taste.”
 Do you intend to insult roe, air I”
 Not at at all, only that you are very much
 mistaken sir.”
 Poor fellows, each thought himself right,
 yet both were mistaken. What a picture of
 life
 But a brother hints that I may make my arti
 cle too long to be received. A proposition to
 Fiske and Burr, and I close. You are aware
 that about one in every six of the population
 of this country is a Slave—that this nation is
 so completely under the controlling influence
 of some three hundred thousand individuals
 that they make them believe we have a dem
 ocratic government, and that our institutions
 for the diflusion of Light, Liberty, and gen
 eral prosperity are unequalled. You must
 be conscious that men and women somewhere
 have been too long gazing upon the glittering
 coin,that thousands upon thousands of your fel
 low citizens are in a delusion, and that this
 spell may prove fatal if too long continued.
 Can't it be thrown off? Suppose you place
 yourselves upon the California side of this na
 tion, and place the precious metal sufficiently
 near the eyes of slaveholders and their abet
 tors, to draw them by its magic influence to
 the regions of gold. This should be done in
 such a manner that the victims of their cupid
 ity—their slaves, may be left behind. If you
 can get the thing effected, the mysterious de
 lusion that now rests upon this nation may be
 removed—the spell broken. But if this ex
 periment does not succeed, suppose you
 practice your art of turning white to black
 and black to white. To be sure the blacks at
 the South are gradually turning white, but if
 it could all be done up at once, on as abort no
 tice as you perform this operation io Corin
 thian Hall, it would be exceedingly difficult
 for masters to identify their slaves when they
 chose to leave them. They would make so
 many blunders that they would aooo give up
 the Peculiar Institution u a bad job. Now
 my friends, if you will turn your attention to
 this subject, you will aooo be able to decide
 whether my proposition is a feasible one. If
 however, you will consent to use the subject
 of slavery as well as the Salem Witchcraft,
 to illoetrate your position of the potency of
 mind upon mind, and honestly and fearlessly
 show up the unnatural relation that exists be
 tween Master and Slave, the North and the
 South, the skvebolder sod hie eocthezn pet
 roe—end do no mors than this, you wifi not
 only do a good dead far your country, but be
 doing mm the lus* to advance your favorite
 “1 wish tbs witnaasM on both aides would
 tell the mom story,” Mid a countryman serv
 ing on a jury, “for then I should not be pus-
Notices.
The Execs live Committee a f tbe W«m
 New York Anti-Slavery Sanity vrffl Met at
 the boeae of Isaac Port, SB, Sophia street,
 on Saturday ereniog, October 90th, at half
 poat aix o'clock, P. M. t prmctaally.
 JOHN DICK, Sex.
AntUSlnrery Icetuf la Htariatta.
 Frederick Doo|laaa intends to defiver an
 Anti-Slavery Address io Henrietta, on Son
 day, Oct. 28, commencing at 7e*eloek, r. m
 precisely.
 CJ* Will friends make arrangements.
The Sewing Chela
 Of the Ladies of tbe Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society, will meet at the hooee
 of F BEDcaicx Docqlass, 4, Alexander street,
 on Wednesday, Oct. 84th, at three o'clock,
 r- n. An early attendance is reqseated.
Bfco4e blui AatMbmrr tlirtitj—
 Auiil Meetlag.
 Tb« fourteenth uuiull meeting of the Rhode
 Inland Anti-Slavery Society, will be held at
 Mechanic’a Hall, Providence, on Wednesday
 Md Thursday, Oct. 31st and Nov. Ist, 1849.
 Prominent advocates of emancipation—em
 bracing several who have broken the chains of
 •Uvery, nod are breathing the free air of Heav
 en, in defiance of Southern laws—have been
 invited to be present, and will, it is expected,
 give valuable aid to our own earnest laborers,
 in making the meeting an interesting and pro
 fitable one to all who shall deem it worthy of
 their pieaeoce.
 Much has been done for our cause during
 the past year, but much yet remains for such
 to do as are not soon weary with doing well.
 The geographical boundaries of slavery in our
 own country have been fixed by the public
 voice, and cannot, it is confidently believed,
 be cairied further from the centre of our ini
 quity. But it remains to blot out the foul
 stain where it already exists, and to hasten
 the glad hour when the angel of Time shall
 “7» ‘Thus far hast thou come —but no far
 ther.” 1 o this end we invite the old and the
 young, the strong, the feeble, the confident,
 the desponding, and the faithless, to meet
 with us, at our annual gathering, and
 share in our hopes, our encouragements, our
 joys, and our labors.
 In behalf of the Rhode Island Anti-Slavery
 Society.
 JOHN BROWN, Pres’t.
 Amarancy Paine, Sec’y.
 Providence, Oct. 6th, 1849.
An Appeal in behalf of the Western
 New York Anti-Slavery Fair.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slaver
 in this land, and being deeply convinced tha
 this result can only be accomplished by renew
 ed efforts to change our present corrupt mora
 sentiment, the undersigned members an&lt;
 friends of the Western New York Anti-slaverj
 Society, again make their appeal to th&lt;
 friends of the Slave in behalf of their annua
 Bazaar, which will be held in Rochester ir
 December next.
 While we have been cheered and gladdened
 a progress already made, and the good
 cause of the bondman among persons,, ancf in
 quarters where we had least expected them,
 we still see the “harvest to be great and the
 laborers to be few,” and instead of relaxing
 our efforts, we are impressed with a sense of
 the duty of doubling our diligence, and ap
 plying more closely our energy to the means
 of advancing this holy cause.—We appeal the
 more boldly to our friends because those for
 whom we plead cannot plead for themselves.
 While we are surrounded by our domestic
 circle, with none to molest or make us afraid,
 there are three millions of men and women in
 our own land, doomed to abject Slavery and
 chains, robbed of every right—civil—social—
 personal—and political. Remembering those
 in bonds as bound with them, we desire to
 plead their cause as though they were on our
 own limbs, and the knotted lash were applied
 to our own backs.
 While to obtain means for enlightening the
 public mind, is the strong motive for holding
 our annual Fair, it is not the only one. A
 great amount of good may be traced directly
 to such occasions. Many who are now ac
 tive workers in behalf of this holy movement
 became first interested in it through the in
 strumentality of those annual exhibitions of
 anti-slavery industry, tact and skill.
 The present object of the Rochester anti
 slavery Bazaar is fur the general enlighten
 ment of the public mind on the subject of sla
 very. Recognizing the North Star, (published
 in this city) as an efficient Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, we propose that the funds raised
 by the Sale of articles at the Bazaar (on
 behalf of which we here appeal) shall be
 mainly appropriated to the support of that
 important paper.
 We gatefully acknowledge the prompt as
 sistance rendered to out last Fair by our
 friends and coadjutors in various parts of our
 own State, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and we
 earnestly solicit their continued co-operation
 with as in the good wotk. That no time may
 be lost, we especially recommend to them the
 immediate formation of sewing circles in their
 various towns with a view to making articles
 for the Rochester Bazaar. We would also,
 in this connection render our heartfelt thanks
 to our British friends for the valuable aid ex
 tended by them to our last year's Fair and
 we would again warmly solicit their generous
 assistance. It is due to our trans-Atlantic
 friends to say that for much of the interest felt
 in our last Bazaar we were indebted to them,
 and we are persuaded that tbeir continued
 co-operation will essentially promote the suc
 cess of our approaehiog December Bazasr,
 and the advancement of the cause of the slave
 in our land.
 We hope that the foregoing appeal will
 commend itself te out philanthropic friends on
 both aides of the Atlantic, and that they will
 cordially unite with us ia the effort here pro
 posed.
 Best sot—inglorious rest
 Uaearvea the me;
 Suiuk —’tii God’* behest!
 Fill op life’s little spun
 With God-like deeds—it is the Mat-
 Test of the high have seel.
 And lofty aim;
 The teat ia hiatal's stroll
 Of every hneetW name:
 Noee bat tha Brava shall win the goal!
 Sioned on behalf of the Fair Committee,
 AMY POST.
Appeal o i the rhUndrtpt In Association
 The “Women's Aeaomatien of Philadel
 phia" appeal to »’banevoleai public, and in
 the friend* of the Slave everywhere, to aid
 them in their approaching Fair, tbe oh
 iect of which if to sustain the “North Star."
 To those who are hmiliar with the pages of
 this paper it la naoeeaaary to apeak of its
 merit. To thoon who have not anon it wo
 may say, that we regard it as oao oflho very
 best asd-slavery ieatnimaatalitiea now in the
 held.
 We are the more interested in it, because
 the editor is one of o«r opprrmod race, and
 sdmiiaOlv qualified by tuatalents and moral
 worth, to nerfarm wkh credit the wdoeoa
 task of edmng n *nr
w Wiw —4 tnw that on founds
 will ftre as their bbnral a*d
 Tn on own people wo look earnest! v mok
 SSH? M
 levam* The mm has inland mo yon soak.
 Ye f« heavily, hmi 4m to the sen 4m,
 dwpmtmi, cnahod by the weight of oppras
 aao. Ye hear the tiaou of the enomy,
 “Thejr an so itmant and eneiaed! They
 aie jealous of one other! Yea, they ante
 bet it is only to pet dove one who is nors
 lotelleetaal teas the ansa?** Prose by the
 unerring language of eee4oet that these as
 ■ertioao so often thrown ia on frees are ao
 hckws (bahts. Sastaia F. Douglas*, be*
 cause his talents and correct principles de
 mand your respect and confidence. Sastaia
 bias because it is right to 4oao, and h—
 of‘-he sweet peace the performaoce of so wo«-
 tby as action will assuredly bring it mto yoor
 DOMM,
 The Fair will be held oo Christmas week.
 Donations for it any be seat to
 HARRIET SMITH, 319 T
 RACHEL LLOYD. 303 iWotreet,
 AMY M. CASSEY.
 Or lo toy nesbor of Um Amoiuob.
 Euzaarra Am, Ltwa An Birr ill,
 Mast Baaaorr. Hem Beau,
 Louisa Baistol, Heua Johkson,
 Hcstbu Bcstill, Eliza Jonas,
 Chaalotte Mills.
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS, Cor. Sec'y.
 No 54 Mullberry at.
 Philadelphia, 6th mo., 25, 1849.
Testiwosy raoa Little Foot, lII.
 S lona’s Ovum sad Caadition Powder ac me
 knowiedged bjr all who have used then, lo hr the
 best rowdy for Homo sod Chula. that km* faro*
 discovered. Fresh woaads, gabs, spavins, ring*
 boos, poll evil, sad ia short every ootward disorder
 and injury can be cared by this wonderful remedy.
 The Powder is designed for inward strains, distem
 per, lots of appetite, bide-boasd, fatigue from hud
 exercise, diseased eyes, fcc —LaJu Cm. CknmcU.
 99* See Agents* name, at the bead of Sloan*s
 Column. For further particular* and testimonials
 get pamphlets of agents.
WisTaii’s Balsam or Wild Chkkkt.—
 Wf have not (infrequently called attention to this
 article in the column* of our paper, aad we hare
 done so with the foil confidence that it waa a good
 oae, and deserving the confidence of the public. We
 hare had a chance to witness its effects upon some
 of our friends, which in addition to the high en
 comiums passed upon it by our hrnihren of the
 press, not in paid puffs, but in honest candid state
 ments, from haring derived benefit themselves,
 makes up desirous of advising all those who have
 occasion to resort to a remedy for pulmonary affec
 tions, to avail themselves of it. We have too
 much confidence in Mr. Fowle thefgeneral agent, to
 believe he would thrust this or any other medicine
 upon the community, unless he had bill faith in iu
 efficacy—in confirmation of which the proprietor
 offers a mass of testimony from the most unquestion
 able sources. Neither would we be understood as
 saying that this will always cure consumption after
 it is seated, although it seldom fails to relieve the
 worst cases; but at this season of the year almost
 everybody is liable to a cold, which if neglected
 will lead to fatal results. By taking this medicine
 we doubt not many lives may be saved.—Arw Eng
 land WatktngUmian.
 From the Batavia Spirit of the rimes.
 This is one of the very few patent medicines of
 the day which we can recommend with confidence
 to all who are afflicted with Coughs, Colds or Con
 sumption or who are predisposed to the latter com
 plaint. It has been used with considerable advan
 tage by many families in town, and in a few stub
 born cases bas produced highly beneficial effects.
 None genuine unless signed I. BUTTS.
 For sale by Post Willis; also by Wm.
 Pitkin
Commercial.
Rochester, Oct. 18th, 1849.
 Tbe weather for a few days has been warm and
 pleasant, and the roads which were rendered muddy
 by the continued rains, have dried up and become
 good again. Business is brisk. A large quantity
 of wheat has arrived within a few days both by
 teams rnd canal, and the price has slightly receded.
 A few kits of tbe very best quality Genesee are
 5*3.
 Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 (p c ad val
 Flour, F bbl 4 7805 CO
 Corn meal, bush 45 ©6O
 PROVISIONS. —Duty ;Beef,Pork .Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 y c; Cheese 30 y c ad val
 Pork, (mess) 00 00 12 00
 Do. in hog 6 50
 Beef, cwt. 4 00 6 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700© 8 00
 Lard (tried) Flb 8
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked) 7
 Shoulders, do. 5© 5J
 Butter U|
 Cheese 05 07
 Turkeys (f lb *&gt;4
 Chickens *4
 Potatoes, bush I 00
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 c ad val
 Wheat, bush 112
 Corn 50
 Rye 63
 Oats 31
 Barley 50
 HIDES—Duty; 5 p c ad val
 Slaughter 34
 Calf .10
 Sheep Pelts 40 76
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 p c; Mustard 20 p
 c ad val
 Clover #3 76 ©6OO
 Timothy 150© 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 p c ad val
 Whitefishbbl 7 00
 Codfish cwt 3 60
 SUNDRIES—
 Sait, p bbl 1 25
 Apples, p bus 37
 Do. dried hush. 62|
 Eggs, p doi 12
 Beans, P hush 75
 Hay, p ton 7 00 11 00
 Hard wood 3 50
 Soft Wood S
2l&amp;t&gt;crtioemtnlo.
DR. A. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 I would respectfully inform the citiseaa of Rochester
 and surroundiur country, that I have removed my
 odbee Iron No. 88 South’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Thankful tor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, aad flattering myself that I am give perfect
 salinArtioa to all who any favor am with their pa&gt;
 trooage. I woaid invite all those who are de
 sirous (/having operations performed oa the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to cal aa aw aad satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B- All operations performed by sae oa the
 teeth aad Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 11, 1148. if.
The 014 Cmretity Bhet«
 At So 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 T LOYD SCOTT, gnletol fee the paineagt
 Lea warded him, weald renpettfrily inform his
 (needs aed the public gaasrally, that he hea reeeethr
 enlarged Us rstiNishewat eed angmsened Us stack
 iof Mae’s, Woees'i, aed Children's. New aad
 Sr rani head append. la add wine la this depart*
 ant he witt bey aad sell Hoeae aad Store k’srni
 tare, Books, Jewelry, Faacy articles, Mechanical
 aad agrkafcaral ikpleneU, aad iadaad ail those
 various odds aad eads” of which awy aot he
 readily obtained at other n tares It is hie ialsalioa
 to, keep “The Old Comity Shop” wefl fnmtasl
 with aa eadlses variety s i articles for which he will
 payUherahy aad rtispnoc of at eadefartney pricae.
 Clothing repaired aad raaiiTsrnrt with aeataaes
 “The OU Comity Shop.
 Bacheeter March 1548.
■alr-Citttaf ui Drwtlag it
 RALPH FRANCIS’* Saloon, wader the Eagle
 IMhli strnel f 14— Me
JAMES W. MONDORMING still ceatiaoes te
 haw the Oroaary aa Saeead Stmt, corner el
 Eta, north aide Mao emweamtiy ]w head a eery
 variety a f Groaerise. la
 Ciariaaati, Ohia.Jaif 18, IS#.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boat aad Shea Melee
 J Ne. FT, (Vaahary Stmt, BfwofcJya.
 NJ 1 nfinn —«*7 —end at ffca dm
 ilee ead oa Me met nwoaaUe tmm.
AUBURN t&gt;l ROCHESTER
 RAIL.RO AD.
 pHANGE IN TIME —TV trams w© -—i
 V tofeara RncVmsr t°~dav at the UiratsH
 E««w»nl--wt 12| a.a., 94 a.w., r.aTrjr.a.
 westward—at 8| a. f r.g H S| r.a. II r.a.
 SthwMr.Rfyl.l9©.
 OF THE LIFE OF FEEDER
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by fimdf, to ba
 bad at this otter, price 99 rests; new Edit. 97|e
IKW IHK A»TBKTiSBME.Vrs.
CrisnS gallsn* bw.
 330, Pearl Street, Xm York.
 "PRIENDS sf the efeve, aad strangers oa a visit
 1 to Ny Tark. raa mm be HramaodiMd with
 f prica as ia any other
 ho —t is large aad oaa-
 Jf 1 1 rmmfiiinhl; seventy persona.
 Faatbes caa have private raw, and every tom
 ■■M-?*** rom t WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11, IS©.
m, J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, West Brood-
PL l fIT would respectfailv isdorai her
 ZZL TUF* *hat she has removed
 l&lt;oto rowwodiom boose No. 162, Cbarch
 Street, where she will realises to entertain respect
 co ‘t^,P e TJ o Btmrd Lodgieg.
 New York, May 11, 1849.
T7LLIB A. POTTER’S Ready Made Clocking
 j StwH, between Church Street
 aad West Brondway, New York. Also—A Gea
 oral Assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing Articles,
 conetaally oa hand.
 May 18, 1849.
JUST PUBLISHED and for tale at the oficeW
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of dose
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illutmive engravings. Price 37| cts. in muslin,
 nnd 2b cents in paper covert. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal of
 omen from various authors, 124 cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.'
 m. Brown’s L ectnre he fore the Female AS.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported bv B. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 6 «nte.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISERS,
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 VTEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 Is in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cole red
 Cambrics.
 Cu^'^.Calico Superior fine Chintx Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good ami cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities aud
 styles.
 Fii» and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Strined Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lain?, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flaiuels 4-4 good and price low. Caaton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper ami Cloths, of different style*.!
 Apron and Furtuture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling Slc.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Up*. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Br n good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist tbe Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
Free Labor (roods.
 M. *&lt;iuce P M—ican Free Pro-
 Fifth -street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Me. Me.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 Junes Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
CHARLES JONES, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 St— House the most central, convenient and com
 fortabie House in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1. 1848. tn 49
 Aitl-SlaYery Oflee,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 AU letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
ATHOL WATER Ctfß E.
 THE Subscriber begs bare to call tie attention
 of Invalid!, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house eras opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for aphilosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. It M. railroad. The
 vicusity abounds ia a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely tail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they iaber.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thinv-five years, was brought to tmt uMt
 August- Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in aa erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 grouud. If being well supported, she made aa
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforta to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had beea is this condition nearly a
 year. Her ueauaeat commenced the Iffth of Sept.,
 and was coafinaed to the 28th Oct. only, when she
 left, so for recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she
 has continued her bathe, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends u&gt; her
 dossestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desiswd to hriag three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen Weaken, one pair of sheets,
 half a dosea towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from Cue to tea dollars per week, accord
 ■lff to the accoasitiss or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular ia the selection of
 rooms, or are wilhae to occupy them ia ecaamou
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1846. GEORGE HOYT.
WM H. TOPP, Merchant Tailor, MS Broad.
 AMaajrJFeb. 11, IMS.
Piteer’s Ardfleiil Ur.
 T* 118 TV**" 9 ser.
 A vicaUe Imah, which has received the highest
 awarde aad mm hearty lestuaaaialt of ail the
 anacipal acwoufc iastrtauoae aad ewyaoa. af
 eoaatrv.m addiuaa to those who
 hf« aaed the kwh, as being m every respect supe
 rmrtoaay haab ever before ia vented
 ia ffta— itU »L.. i
 k7 7i?Z.. ll La m o’o 0 0
 aimticit.f
 Dm. Hiintoi aad Spatevt. of Be*ta
 Dr. Ointi, Bautvia.
 Dw. WtatTta aad Mooec,
 P*m», Oarhaaa. (whs woato •m.)
 Dr. Hvrta, Bynon. "f
Iltll'l fSLIMS.
(9* AM Mm Mdiciw&lt; adffrtMd by W. B. Bto—
 •re —id bj Pom A Wilb?, Wiubw ft Yoaag, It—
 ftowtr; 8. I«*tow, Frankfort A. 8. Bahntoft
 C»., Lroirtw; T- ft A. Frye. Brorkport; Catofe
 Nye. Pittsfcrd; W W ilftain*. fMhto; —4 fey
 •met dnftiitf throughout the Is. led Btatee.
 FAJIILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT w m*w oaivento ly v
 know lettoed t*» be an ia&amp;HiMe ref—My, to every
 ew where it he? be— fa totally applied the hu
 i mmm na«n, for promoting IfamKh Pmyintiaa.
 MrawMK oaf tbr iti&amp;iii 4Ui..-.n frjiw t wound, re
 bmaf pam of erery kind, and to he hew bey «—fe
 world doea wot prodace it* equal, the
 pjbbc pronoemre it the and beat Fa—A;
 that Sa? ft&lt;r I era treed- AH dies— to*
 FWh. IMwmitf I Vera, Old Borw,t ktfttoto B,
 Bara*. Cot*. C«u neons En—ttofe,
 B«ee Nipple?, Sore Br*a»u. Burnses ot the lye.
 Af— im the tore, aid.. bark. and the other ear— if
 Boils, f irm. Scald Hand, Bra—.
 obno*, inH evtfy kiftd of pwft coouiiiM
 toe leaat particle of m dan mat ton are penww—ly
 e—ed be this great reme&lt;h-.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 i.rand Depot. 40 luhc et., CVcage, lb.
wi f k n’t get along witkovt it.
 Bmr’i Grove, WiH Co., UL,
 October 24,1M8.
 Ma. St.r&gt;a&lt;t—s«r 1 hare (rated toe airt— of
 vow Ointment in the core of rafth;—xks b»lea,aare
 torowt, Horn*, ami main- other tojariea, aad to —n
 baa wpoord our expectation?- Aa a Fa—i
 KOrntmem I hare uerrr area ita eq— i, and tor
 beaat? we can’t get along w ithout it.
 Yuan, Me..
 MILE* M JOHNSON.
IXCKLUKT OINTMENT.
 Ma. St.oar—Dear Sir*. For a eoosidenhie
 length of time I wa? seriously afflicted with toe
 Rheumatic complaint, and applied freely the various
 liaiaienu, pato-hiHers, Me., without obtaining aay
 relief. Alter which your a?ent at this place influ
 raced me to try roar Ointment, and within two
 week* fro— the time I commenced using it, toeaein
 ceaaed, aad I waa eflectiullv cured; and shall re
 commend all who are similarly afflicted with the dis
 treastog complaiat, to procore your excellent atot
 meat without deiav. Reap’v yours,
 OSCAR F. MOTT.
 Princevilie, Peoria co., 111., May I. ’4B.
A FINGER BITTEN ENTIRELY OFF
 Two Mile*) Smith of Chicago,
 Sept. 14, 1848.
 Dr. Sloan—-Sir: On the dth inst my ton had a
 Anger bitten entirely off by &lt;t liorae. We it—di
 ately applied your’ celebrate I Ointment which re
 lieved him of pain in a few miaotes. and prevented
 the finger from swelling the least particle, and the
 wound is now healing rapidly.
 Respectfully yours,
 ROCKWAY.
A PRIME ARTICLE.
 Are any afflicted with pains, bruiser, cuts or sore*
 of any kind Let them read W. B. Sloan’s ad
 vertisement in another column. W r e believe this
 ointment to be a prime article for any thing af the
 kind and no humhug. Try a little ol it before you
 suffer any longer. It can he had at nearly all the
 stores iu this place.—f Kn&gt;&gt;\ Intelligencer.
THE BEST ANP CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THK WORt t&gt;.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GRKAT NAME.
 For Purity, Mildness, Safety, Cerlmmty
 and Thorortiuhnex* SLOAN’S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly supersedin'; all oilier Ointment* and
 Liniments now in use tor the cure of the following
 diseases
 Fresh Wounds, Gulls of all kinds, Spraios,
 Iktiiyes.JCnv’lupl Riptt**&gt;ne, \V'indg*u«r'“?
 Strains, Lameness, Sami Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Hum Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all mtl .mmationand
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy lor the followup
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, In
 ward Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the
 Eyes, Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheuma
 tism, (commonly called stilt' complaint,) which
 proves so fatal to many valuable iiorses in this
 country. It is also a sate and certain remedy for
 cough* and colds, which generate so many fatal dis
 eases. W. B. SLOAN.
 Oram) Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
 EXTRACT FROM THE “GALENA NORTH-WETTER*
 GAZETTE.
 By the use of Sloan’s Ointment and Condition
 Powder, I have entirely cured a Fistula on my
 horse, and otherwise unproved lus condition mare
 than 600 per cent, on the cost of the medicine. And
 a cow which vn&gt; so leeble as to I* considered
 worthless by myself and neighbors, was restored to
 good health and strength by the use of less than
 a package of the powder, and is now Joim better
 than any other cow I hare. WM. VINCENT.
 Small Pox, May 13, IS4B
 POPULAR OPINION.
 If popular opinion is any criterion of iht worm
 of an article, we invite the incredulous to rsad at
 least a lew of the many voluntary certificates which
 appear in our columns respecting the great variety
 of remarkable cure* effected by die use of Sloan’s
 celebrated Ointment and Condition Powder.”
 These remedies no longer remain among those of
 doubtful utility; they have passed from tbs tide of
 experiment, and now stand higher m reputation, aad
 are becoming more extensively used than all other
 articles of the kind.—[Mictiigiu City News.
 THE HALE HAN NOT REIN TOLD.
 Fox Kivkr, June 12, *4B.
 Da. Sloan —Dear Sir Please aead by thebaar
 er a new supply of your florae Medicines. The
 are the best articles of die kind that I have ever
 used,never having been disappointed in their rfrrl
 as 1 have been in the use of odier, even the most
 celebrated Ointment*, Liniments, Ac., of the day.
 I like very much this feature in them, vis: that they
 do all that is promt uni, and upon a thorough trial
 one is coastraiaed to add tint half hat aot bass
 told.” Kespectfidh,
 M DUDLEY.
 THE DIFFERENCE.
 The ordinary Ointment* and Liniments, it is well
 known, are severe and partial in their "yrtrstitn
 Sloan’s Ointment is mild, vet (through—it rsarWs
 and removes the caase, hem e it gives real and per
 manent relief.
 For purity, mildue**, safety, certainly, sad thor
 oughness, Sloan’s Ointment excels, aad is rapidly
 superseding ail other ointment* and 1 miasmts now
 in me.
 GOOD NEWa
 Chicago, Jan. 3th, 1340..
 W. B. Sloan— Sir: One of my honeswua bso#
 bound aad alao wounded in the stifle, in which ha
 took cold, and became so crippled that be could
 scarcely travel. By the froo application of mm
 vahabb Or Muscat, hi* hoofs were aooa softened aad
 the stifle penaaaeatiy cured.
 I have also wad the Ointmeat in the cans of PolL
 Evil aad oa severe galls with et|uai success.
 Oa a maahad Anger that was very painful it ap
 orated like a charm. ¥&lt;wi, Ac,
 A. VAX ORDF-N^
 EXTRAORDINARY CURE.
 Fear mile* aorth of Chicago, (oa road to
 Milwaukie,; Cook co., 111., April It, *43.
 Mr Sloan— Deer Sor: One of my horses bad a
 large bony Tumor &lt;wi hi* breast bear, isamedsaeiy
 under the collar, whi'h lamed him aad rcadrfad h*s
 services of very little valise. I GithAOH spall rd
 several bottle* of Dr Taylor’s Nerve and Boast
 I raiment, without the lra*t hrarbt- I then pro
 owed Wilder’s Olehrsird H &gt;r*e Onemsat, nod
 used that natil I baraioc fatty otafcd that ;it wa«Jg
 never relieve the suisol. Fmafh. I uctSaiaed a
 box of your trot, mhmUr Oroiracnt. and m &gt;oo
 thaa 30 date (rum the not *ppi*oti«a the turner ea
 tirolv disappeared and the hosrsr was well.
 1 yZms, KDM ARD ARMSTRONG
 GRATIFYINC INTELLIGENCE.
 From every port of the remarry where Slsua’a
 Mane Ointment and (Www Powder” have bow
 iaeefanf, the proprietor haw r&lt;c«.ved dm mm(
 gratifying miolligem-v of tiwir rt noiLbh oflaetan
 I« e mokhuie of instaaceo, they hum
 wiussahai over diseases warn* had UMadths
 of celebrated Farrisis, and were cawndwud mem*
 hie. Thaer modi dare are I fill all
 *her reuse«*i now m use, tot 4m used hwaw aad

■fij
I
 m
 i
"
