"FREDERICK DOUGLASS. Editor
VOL. 11. NO. 44.
The NORTH UTAH i* published every
 Friday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,’
 (C tffmuutkr Arca4».)
 TERMS.
 Two &lt;lolSar» annum, miwmyt n •dunce. No
 •uhccription will ho receive! for a tee* term than
 •i* month*,
 Atlverinewenu not exceeding ten line* inaertel
 hree time* for one dollar; ever}- *«l&gt;*equent inaer
 tinn, twenty-five rent*.
 i Hfc object ot t*ie Noam Si aa will I* to attach
 Slavery in all in ferm* and aapect*; advocate
 OivrataL Emancipation; exalt tl«e atandard
 c P( Kie Morality; promote die moral and in
 fttectiw' improvement of the Colored Peoflv;
 .i the day of FREEDOM to the Tmtir.
 M.llions of o&lt;ur EitsLAvr.D Ff.llow Corw
 in*1
 !lB PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 OTf- Ail communication* relating to the bunnett
 e.ittft uf itie paper, name* of *ut)»cnlier*, renm
 &amp;c., should be addre*»ed to John Die*,
 I number.
 (p- Ag&lt;«nl*, and all other* sending names, are
 qhT.te.l t* he accurate, and give the Poet Qfr',
 ,ne C'owv, and the Stale. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 (p* Any person sending in the jaiyment for four
 lubscrihen, to be forwarded to one address, may
 (iava a fifth v»py for one year.
 All letter J and communications tnu*t he post
 aid.
 LIS I OF AGENTS.
 &gt;l*ssachcs» tts.—R. F. Walcutt, 21, toruhill,
 t Boston; Nathan Johnson, .New Bedford; Horatio".
 Foster, Lowvll; James Buffum, Lynn; George
 F.vans, Worcester Bourne Spooner, Plymouth;
 Grades H. Seth, Springfield David Ruggles,
 Northampton; H. Carpenter, Lpton.
 Maine. —Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 VißMONT.— Rowland T. Robinson, Nortli rer-
 Connecticit. —Jonathan Leonard, New Haven
 Ni vv Hamrshirf.—Weare Tappan, Bradford.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gav, 142, Nassau
 Street Janies McCune Smith, 93, VV est Broadway;
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen C«ttntv Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Dotv, Macedon; illetts lveese,
 Peru, Clinton Countv, Willi!* S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. F. Platt, Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; h. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rhode IsLAJiß.—Amarancy Paine, Irovidence.
 Pfnnsylvania.—J. M. M ’Kim,3l, North r iftli
 Street, Philadelphia; G. W. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm. hipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 own, Montgomery County, Milo A. lownsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio.—Christian Donaldson, Cincinnati; j\at
 un and Gaines, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Har
 vevshurgh, Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan-—Ro!*ert Banks, Detroit.
 Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, ayne Co,
©elections.
SPEECH or lION EDW. L. KEYES,
 At the close of the Worcester Convention,
 Sept. 1 2th.
 Mr. President, —I think it is not
 an evidence of taste or judgment on the
 part of this audience to call upon me
 at this late hour when it would require
 the eloquence of a Sumner or at least a
 Cicero to speak here with success.
 [Loud and prolonged cheering.]
 By the few feeble attempts which I
 have made on other occasions, I have
 learned that the flowers of oratory nev
 er bloomed for me; and that I am wi
 ling to appear upon this platform at all
 must he accepted as a proof that I am
 disposed to sacrifice all, even the grace
 of modesty itself, on the still nobler al
 tars of right and liberty.
 I rejoice that so much attention was
 bestowed upon the remarks af the gen
 tleman who preceded me, but I tear
 we have not yet paid sufficient atten
 tion to the Taylor party.
 We are assembled, Mr. President,
 in the heart ot the Commonwealth
 we are under the guardianship ot hei
 laws—we are assailed by no mobs
 composed of gentlemen of property
 and standing”—we feel no danger as
 we walk the crowded streets, but we
 cannot disguise from ourselves the fact,
 that a large number of persons belong
 ing to the two old parties, regard us
 as intruders in the political field— as
 poachers upon the lordly domains of
 our betters—as stragglers and vaga
 bonds stalking up the broad aisles and
 disturbing the worship of the Whig and
 Democratic Churches. Our first duty
 is to teach them, as our lathers taught
 the Royalists and Loyalists of the Rev
 olution, that we ask no favors and will
 suffer no dictation—that we know our
 rights and dare maintain them, that,
 not unmindful of the power of combi
 ned wealth, we still have learned that
 thrice is he armed who hath his quar
 rel just and, what they will regard,
 perhaps, of still greater importance,
 that like the youthful Hannibal we have
 sworn it on our country’s altar, that we
 will not lay down our arms until
 the victory is achieved. The despots
 ofthe old world may succeed in stifling
 the aspirations for freedom which are
 •welling in the bosoms of their subjects,
 but intelligent free-born men, repub
 lican citizens of a free Commonwealth,
 —-graduates of the free schools of New
 England,— sons of Revolutionary sires,
 ice regard the threatened indignant
 frowns of our new slaveholding Chief
 Magistrate, with indignation, largely
 m ogled with contempt.
 I am reminded by the presence of a
 gentlei ,nan before me, that seventy-four
 tears ag.**» a ou ng and ardent friend
 of America Q independence, whose name
 had been pla ed on the roll ofthe pro
 scribed by the /oyal.st officers' of Bos
 ton, came to this place and resumed
 the publication of a new spaper, which
 had already been, for several years,
 the organ of American liberty in Bos
 ton. The name of that paper was the
 Massachusetts Spy.” [Cheers.]
 And, considering the changing and un
 stable nature of all earthly things, it
 is a significant and cheering circum
 stance, that after the lapse of three
 quarters of a century, —with another
 of its editors proscribed, not only by I
 the royalist officers, but by the royal
 family itself of Worcester, —it is still
 ibt faithful and fearless advocate of the
 doctriuen of the declaration of inde-
 W nt(,
 we assembled here a year
 a B°, supposed that the great crisis,
 uc w*t l 0 dotsnniue ths question of;
 »very or Freedom in the tsrritoriee, j
 M ftirtvtd w# were not mistaken, i
THE NORTH STAR.
The crisis hsd arrived, and as far ai
 j human penetration can detect the op
 eration of moral nod immaterial forces
 it was owing, in some good part, to tba
 Convention, that the vast Territoriei
 of New Mexico and Califotnia, wen
 preserved to Freedom a short time lon
 ger—another year —and that we havt
 a feeble hope they will be so preserve!
 for all time to come.
 Our proceedings had hardly been re
 corded before that genuine Free Soil
 Taylor Whig, John M. Clayton, intro
 duced his motion—on the 12th of July
 for the appointment of that more that
 Janus faced committee, composed o
 two northern and two southern Demo
 crats,and two northern and two southern
 Whigs, charged with the duty of de
 vising some plan for the settlement o
 the question. And here it would b&lt;
 proper, if! had time, to trace the pro
 i gress of the Slaveholding movemen
 i through that, and the succeeding sea
 sion of Congress, that it might be seei
 how narrowly we escaped, and hov
 Clayton, Johnson, and Preston, mem
 bers of Gen. Taylor’s cabinet—uni
 formly battled on the side of Slavery
 against the principle and measure o
 the Wilmot Proviso. But 1 canno
 now pursue the enquiry. “Go on,*
 “go on.” No. The emotions whicl
 already agitate you, inform me tha
 you need no labored arguments t&lt;
 arouse you to a full comprehension o
 i the importance of our movement
 i Your thoughts, mounting upward ii
 contemplation of the great and univer
 sal principles which we seek to cstab
 iish, disdain even the fetters of elocu
 tion, and would rather circumnavigati
 at random the wide empire of civiliza
 tion and of mankind.
 Mr. President, we are told that th&lt;
 Whig party is the only safeguan
 against the extension of slavery an&lt;
 the encroachments of the slave-power
 The brazen impudence of this state
 meat has not been equalled since Sa
 tan uttered his blasphemous counsel!
 to the fallen host. The great gul
 1 which leads to destruction lies conceal
 ed under the hypocritical banners o:
 Whiggery. The plans of Nationa
 Locofocoism—ofthe Cass Democracy,
 are as bold as they are infamous
 They will entrap none but the willing
 and the determined, while the Tayloi
 party, with its slave-holding President
 and slave-holding Cabinet fights for
 slavery like the pirate, under the dove
 like banners of innocence and peace.
 I tell you, Mr. President, that the
 Taylor party —the administration at
 Washington—does not even promise
 any assistance against the extension
 of slavery, much less against the en
 croachments of the slave-power. The
 Washington Republic—the Taylor or
 gan at the seat ofgovernment —founded
 and to a great extent, supported by the
 patronage of the general government,
 says that the Whigs everywhere, north
 es well as south —are in favor of with
 drawing the slavery question from the
 arena of party politics. This is true.
 But suppose it was not so? Suppose
 the Taylor party should put on a north
 ern whited sepulchre face. What
 then? It would not deceive us. It
 has fed us on falsehoods from the com
 mencment. The whole series of its
 violated promises now hang like mill
 stones about its neck. General Tay
 lor, we are told, would not seek to in
 fluence the action of Congress, yet he
 had been scarcely a week among the
 slave-pens of the capital, before his or
 gan was called upon to excuse and jus
 tify his interference. The decisions of
 Congress he would obey in good faith.
 Yet his minions are at this moment en
 gaged in establishing a government in
 California, directly in the face of a
 vote of Congress refusing him authori
 ty to do so. He would not proscribe,
 yet the bodies of fallen office holders
 proscribed for their political opinions,
 are piled in hecatombs all around us.
 In regard to the last, we do not so much
 complain of the act as ofthe violation
 of faith which led to it. General Tay
 lor must proscribe. The Taylor vic
 tory, without proscription, would be no
 ‘victory. The Praetorian Bands, the
 Swiss mercenaries, the Hessian flies
 who dragged him from his camp stool in
 Mexico, and floated him on one unbro
 ken tiamof falsehood to Washington,
 must be paid. The laborer is worthy
 of his hire. The Taylor administra
 tion is upheld by the grand central pil
 lar of proscription. Remove that and
 it would sink—sink hoplessly where no
 fathom line could reach it. But as
 Lord Chatham once said in reference
 to another administration laboring un
 der embarrassments, it is a misera
 ble condition wherein disgrace is pru
 dence and wherein it is necessary to
 be contemptible.” It is but prudence
 in the Taylor party to court the dis
 grace of falsifying all its promises, and
 whenever it ceases to be contemptible,
 its entire distinctive character will be
 gone.
 Mr. President, we were accused on
 every stump during the last campaign,
 not only of being factionists, but office
 seekers —desiring nothing but our own
 honor and profit. Where now are
 those incorruptible patriots, whose lips
 moved by the inspiration of their own
 mercenary hearts, gave utterance to
 these flaming falsehoods: Where are
 the B. Hammett Nortons, the Lawren
 ces the Charles W. Denisons, the
 Hudson., the Lunts the Woodmans
 and also the slaveholdiog Chandlers:
 Where is that brace of beauties who,
 renouncing all other u P. at ‘f na d
 voted themself®* 4*y and night-body
 and soul—to the cause of their suffer
 ing country, a* sectaries of the Whig
 State Committee? Where is that »r
 -ginia born Anpollo—and I might ad«j
 the nine Muses combined—who,
 oo a former occaeion within the tiros*
 honored will# of Fan#oil »od
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
full view of the portrait* of some of the
 Fathers ot the Republic, endeavored
 in vain to lisp his uxorious love for our
 venerable Commonwealth: Where
 are the hopeful heirs of those two great
 Worcester houses who became surety
 for Taylorism in the heart of Massachu
 set.s? Where are those twin cherubs,
 who, tired of obscurity, and panting
 for an opportunity to serve the Repub
 lic, laid all they could of the State ol
 Maine a willing sacrifice at the feet ot
 the slave-driver? Where, too, are
 those craven-hearted men, who, origi
 nally affecting a disgust for Taylorism,
 turned back to pliinge into its filthiest
 pools? Where are they? Fattening
 at the government crib. Haltered at
 the government stalls, where, I trust,
 they may have time and opportunity to
 con over some ofthe contemptuous dia
 tribes, which, in other days, they put
 forth against Locofoco office-seekers,
 and learn, in part, even from them
 selves, something of that full measure
 of contempt with which honest men re
 gard traitors and hypocrites. These
 are the men who trumpet the glories,
 the virtues, and the patriotism of the
 Whig party. These are the men who
 have seized theory of “the one idea
 party,” and have applied it to us, and
 who have, to use a strong figure of Ed
 mund Burke, fly-blown it into all the
 weak and rotten parts of the country,
 in hopes that when the insects shall
 have taken wing, their importunate buz
 zing may sound something like the
 public voice.”
 Mr. President, 1 have already de
 tained you too long. [Go on, kc.] I
 will only add a word or two in a more
 serious strain.
 Other parties promise, it belongs to
 us to perform. The Whig party —if
 promises and good resolutions were
 effectual—might long ago, have scaled
 the Empyrean height, but its ground
 and lofty tumblings of late, have thrown
 into the shade the Harlequins of the
 stage. The principles which we advo
 cate, are destined to triumph in this
 country,whether our party shall triumph
 or not.” Firm and unyielding minori
 ties are always powerful—sometimes
 almost omnipotent. Our strength at
 this moment is immense. The coun
 tenance of many a politician blanches
 at our tread. The temples of Whig
 and Democratic Hunkerism shake to
 their foundations, at the echo of our
 voices.
 In eleven ofthe Free States we hold
 the balance between the two factions,
 and can elevate one or the other to vic
 tory, or consign them to defeat. Two
 Senators and eighteen Members of Con
 gress now hold their seats by virtue of
 our permission, and Hannegan, Allen,
 Breese, Hudson, Rockwell, and others,
 have ceased to play their fantastic
 tricks before the nation, only because
 tee have so ordered it.
 Gentlemen, the path of our duty lies
 plain before u». It is to summon to
 gether the stout Armed Champions of
 liberty, to drive the monster institution
 of Slavery away from the home of Re
 publicanism—to drive it, not through
 the golden gates of the East into des
 potic Turkey—not across the Mediter
 ranean into those Barbary Slates, peo
 pled by the descendants of Pirates and
 Rohbers, for they would spurn the in
 sulting invasion,—but into the deep,
 dark, fathomless abyss of annihilation,
 so that it shall be remembered only as
 years of Earthquake, Pestilence, and
 Famine, are remembered—so that in
 the midst of the broad territories so
 long desecrated by its presence, a mon
 ument may arise to meet the sun in
 his coming,” on whose sides, lookingi
 to the North, South, East, and West,;
 shall be inscibed, in golden characters,
 Justice, Humanity, God and Lib
 erty.
CIRCULAR
 Of the Provisional Committee, for the
 Promotion of Education among the
 Colored People, in such of the Slave
 States as are, or may be accessible.
 The organization of this Committee,
 is the work of necessity. It grew out
 ofthe consideration, that the labors and
 prayers of the friends of the slave had
 been blessed in the deliverance of many
 thousands from the fetters of legal bon
 dage. But their condition, when thus
 emancipated, suggests the important
 inquiry, that how glorious soever may
 be our success in the future, whether
 the consummation we so ar%lently desire
 would not be reft of half its interest and
 importance if we were denied the rea
 sonable anticipation, that a blow so well
 aimed and effective, would be followed
 by a ready zeal, fidelity and insight, in
 ample preparations to impart the rudi
 ments of sound knowledge, with health
 ful moral discipline, to the youthful
 masses just escaped from legal bondage.
 What is true of our slaves and colot ed
 people, is true of every people, long
 outcast and degraded. Such can se
 cure the recognition of their rights, only
 through an intellectual and moral re
 generation. They roust burst the fet
 ters of ignorance, and vanquish the do
 minion of low, sensual passions, or live
 and die in a condition, in no way more
 exalted, or worthy of a divine manhood,
 than that of the veriest slaves!
 The time has fully come in our judg
 ment, when a well advised and effected
 plan may be vigorously prosecuted for
 the enlightenment and elevation of our
 colored people, who are at least nomi
 nally free, though in the Slave States.
 In some of those States they are not
 seriously interrupted in the pvnnit of
 knowledge. They way be reached in
 either of two w»ya, to wit: by establish
 ing schools directly among them, or by
 •electing young persons of good mor
 tis, and* endowedfriih adit* Mroag
 powers of mind, who, when sufficiently
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1849.
best social influences to be found at the
 North, may return to labor in tbe de
 partment of instruction, among their
 friends and the people of their peculiar
 class at the South. This latter is the
 idea which strikes us forcibly, and
 which, for the present, we shall seek to
 make available by our efforts. Through
 tbe events of Providence we have it in
 our power, just now, in an easy, quiet
 way, to make an experunent in the di
 rection alluded to, and under lh3 most
 agreeable and gratifying circumstances.
 Tbe Edmondson Sisters, Mary and Em
 ily, you know by reputation. Their
 brief history is singular and affecting.
 It is enough to say, that they were for
 seven months in the hands of slave-tra
 ders, in Washington, Baltimore, Alex
 andria* and New Orleans —that their
 virtuous and Christian character afford
 ed them a shield of complete?defence
 That by a rare impulse of social sym
 pathy, twenty-two hundred and fifty
 dollars were raised for their redemption!
 They are of a good family —are now in
 this neighborhood, uuder the most fa
 vorable circumstances to be thoroughly
 taught, possessing highly respectable
 capacities, with most exemplary indus
 try, and a rare deportment for proprie
 ty; they are anxious to acquire infor
 mation that will, in every way, render
 them competent and effective, as teach
 ers and examples among their people
 in the District of Columbia. This Com
 mittee propose to take charge of them
 —to advise them, and to raise whatev
 er means may be required in the course
 of their education. Others of equal
 promise will, no doubt, soon offer them
 selves. Indeed, we are well informed,
 that any number of persons adapted to
 the object we have in view, can at any
 time be selected at Washington or Bal
 timore.
 Allow us to say, that it is not our
 purpose to make pets of our beneficia
 ries—to spoil them by indulgence, or
 by superficial, shallow views of the re
 lations and duties of life. It shall be
 our aim to foster and assist their own
 exertions, and by no means to supersede
 them. Nor is it our design, in any
 way, to build up schools exclusively for
 colored children. We shall place them
 where the chances for sound instruc
 tion, exact discipline, and real elevation
 of character, are the most completely
 satisfactory.
 Our limits forbid addition to this has
 ty outline of our plans. We wish to
 regard you as a corresponding member
 of our body, and to look to you con
 stantly for counsel and support, as a
 cordial and active laborer in a common
 field of enterprise and responsibility.
 Is it not a delightful thought, that by a
 united effort, the women of New York
 can, in a brief period, place in the Dis
 trict of Columbia, or the State of Mary
 iand, a dozen intelligent, well-trained
 colored females, as teachors of schools
 and models of manners, behavior and
 character, to exert an influence among
 those, who are most sadly in need of its
 quickening power?.
 You are left free to raise funds and
 to bring this interesting subject before
 the community around you, in such way
 as seems to you most convenient, and
 at the same time surest to reach a spee
 dy and desirable result. The Commit
 tee will take care that you receive fre
 quently a full report of what they de
 sign and accomplish, and especially of
 the manner in which all the money and
 resources put at their disposal are ap
 plied. Your friends, truly.
 P. S. Please to direct your commu
 nications to our Secretary, C. G. Ham
 blin, Farmington, Ontario Co., N. Y.
 Hannah C. Smith,
 Phebe Hathaway, j
 Maria E. Wilbub, }Com.
 Anna P. Adams, j
 C. G. Hamblin, J
SLAVERY IX CUBA.
 With respect to this foul curse, Mr.
 Turnbull has the following rernancs:—
 “As the experience of years had
 taught me to believe that the Spaniards
 are a kind of warm hearted race, and
 as I had frequently been told that the
 slave owners of the Havana were tbe
 most indulgent masters in the world, I
 was not a little surprised to find, as the
 result of personal inquiry and minute
 observation, that in this last particular
 I had been must miserably deceived,
 and that in no quarter, unless, perhaps,
 in the Brazils, which I have not visited,
 is the state of slavery so desperately
 wretched as it is on the sugar planta
 tions of the Q.ueen of the Indies, the
 far-famed Island of Cuba. The same
 error is commou among persons who
 have never visted the island, and even
 with those who have, but have not vis
 ited the interior. To those who are
 not wilfully blindfold, there are not
 wanting even at the Havana, not to
 speak ol the sugar, or even of the cof
 fee plantations, a thousand palpable in
 dications of the misery which attends
 the curse of slavery, independent alto
 gether of the horrors ofthe Slave Trade.
 When a stranger visits the town resi
 dences of a Cuba proprietor, be finds
 the family surrounded by s little colony
 of slaves, of every vanety of complex
 ion, from ebony to alabaster. Most of
 them have been born in the house, have
 grown with Ihe growth of the family,
 and are, perhaps, the foster brothers or
 foster sisters of the roaster or his chil
 dren. When these slaves are unwil
 ling or disobedient, they are sent, in
 order to save tune and labor, or per
 haps to spare the too tender feeling* of
 their masters or mistresses, to a build
 ing, just outside the gates of ths forti
 fied portion of the city, in the interior
 of which are a aerie* of whipping ports.
 But, although by the means of the par
 apets, tbe authority®* soeceed in shut
 ting oat the inquisitive glances of the
 futtn b h wt «xelul* .ft*9 H*lie
view the streaming Mood and lacerated
 flesh of the sufferers, they cannot shut
 in their piercing screams and piteous
 shrieks for mercy.”
 Mr. Turnbull also says: “It is the
 policy of the court of Madrid to keep
 tbe Island of Cuba in her dependence;
 and this, it is supposed, can only be
 done effectually by the salutary terror
 inspired by the presence of a numerous, j
 half-savage negro population. The
 existence of such a population seems at
 mice to justify and require the presence
 of a peninsular army, which under the
 command of a Captain-General enjoy
 ing the confidence of the court, and
 zealously aided by a numerous train of
 public functionaries and empleados, pro
 jlgces such a pressure oo Creole inter
 ests, as to have hitherto deterred the
 native inhabitants mom any open at
 tempt to assert their independence.—
 These public functionaries, with scarce- 1
 ly any exception, are Europeans by:
 birth, and therefore decidedly opposed
 to a separation which would instantly
 deprive them of all their emoluments.”
THE PHILADELPHIA RIOTS AGAIN.
 From the Philadelphia Inquirer.
 THE SECOND RIOT;
 Quiet continued until about 6 o’clock
 this, Wednesday, rooming, when the
 ominous 8 taps of the State House bell
 announced another riot. This second
 outbreak commenced about 6 o’clock,
 when the hose of the Morris hose com
 pany, which was doing service at the
 scene of action, was cut. This was the
 signal for the rioters to commence an
 assault. Brickbats and 9tones were
 hurled by them at the firemen, and fire
 arms were used with considerable ef
 fect, several persons being wounded.
 The Mayor, sheriff and police were
 soon on the ground, and succeeded in
 restoring order. Mayor Swift himself,
 who arrived before the military, arrest
 ed two men.
 Approach of the Military. —The
 military, which had been down at the
 scene of the first riot, had returned up
 on the restoration of quiet, and it was
 some time before they could be collect
 ed again for the suppression of the re
 newed disorders. About 6A. M.,
 however, they began to assemble in In
 dependence Square. Many delays oc
 curred, and it was nearly nino o’clock
 when a body of five or six companies,
 with their ranks but partly filled, march
 ed to the scene of action. The whole
 were under command of Gen. Patterson
 and Col. Bohlen. Their approach to
 St. Mary street soon became known to
 tbe rioters, and by the time they came
 upon the ground these had disappeared
 into their various haunts. The compa
 nies were assigned positions at the va
 rious avenues leading to the scene of
 riot, so as to command every approach
 completely. The military are provided
 with ball cartridges, and have full au
 thority to fire upon any renewal of the
 lawless and outrageous proceedings by
 the rioters.
 Arrest of the Leader. —The lead
 er in this, and indeed, in the former ri
 ot, is said to be a black man, named
 George Hosey, formerly a head dog
 catcher in the city employ—a big, pow
 erful negro. About noon to-day he
 was arrested, after making a most des
 perate resistance. In the struggle with
 the police he was considerably bruised
 and beaten before he could be secured, j
From tbe Philadelphia Ledger.
 The Riots— Deplorable Results;
 —The Killed and Wounded. —We
 resume the details of the riot from the
 point at which our account of yesterday
 broke off.
 The rioters ascertaining that the mil
 itary forces had retired, recommenced
 their lawless acts, and by davlight, the
 disturbance was raging furiously.—
 Some of the rioters jumped the fence
 above the California House, and set
 fire to the frame building in the rear of
 the open space, between it and the
 dwelling above. The colored papula-,
 tion residing in the vicinity commenced
 moving, when even the females were
 pelted with stones by the rioters while
 carrying off articles of furniture. The
 flames spreading tbe meanwhile, bro’t
 firemen again to the spot. They sallied
 down the street, and the rioters retreat
 ing before them, the Phcrnix was put in
 service. In a short time, however, the;
 rioters returned, and let fljf a volley of
 bricks, with discharges of fire arms,
 and the members of the Phcecix were
 forced to fly from their carriage. The
 firemen, however, were reinforced by
 citizens, and returning again to the fire,
 the Good-Will and Phcenix were put
 into service, and prevented the further
 spread of the fire, which at this time
 had communicated to a row of court
 houses, running west from Sixth street,
 the roofs of which were all damaged.
 The Robert Morris Hose Company
 had laid their hose for tbe purpose of
 assisting in extinguishing the fire, when
 the members were beaten off the car
 riage, and it was takeu possession of
 by the rioters, who ran off the hose,
 (which was cut by them) and then car
 ried off the apparatus into Moyamen
 sing. It was afterwards restored to
 the company by John Kneass and some
 other watchmen of that district. The
 hose of the Diligent Fire Company was
 hacked with koives so as to be useless.
 The State House bell tbe
 signal for tbe assembling of the milita
 ry. At this time Sixth street from Wal
 nut to Lombard street, sod from Lom
 bard to South, tbe battle of bricks sod
 buckshot was going on with occasional
 intennisssoos. By half-part 8 o’clock
 the tumult hsd cessed, the rietors bav
 uqg nearly all dispersed, sad those re
 maining could not be distinguished from
 the spectators with whom they were
 mingled. Several persons were wound
 ed in the affray* of whom tbe following
 wnt itaittfii wit Hoapiui;
James Beasley, a member of the Per
 severance Hose Company, received a
 bell in his breast. He was conveyed
 to the Hospital, where he remains in a
 critical condition. He lived in the vi
 i cmity of Broad and Arch streets.
 Lawrence McShanc, while looking
 out of the window of a house in which
 his sister livid, was struck in the tem
 j pie with a chance shot, and received a
 severe wound which will probably prove
 fatal.
 A young medical student received a
 ball in his thigh while looking on the
 affray.
 The following colored men were also
 taken to the Hospital R. Randall,
 badly hurt, shot in the back of bis head;
 Chas. Anderson, stabbed in the thigh;
 and George Tillotson, in the
 breast.
 A colored boy, in the employ of She
 -1 riff Lelar, had three shots extracted
 from his leg, which w*ere received while
 passing Sixth and Lombard streets.
 A young man, the son of Capt. Wal
 ker, the keeper of a tavern in Seventh
 below South, was wounded during
 Tuesday night. A marble fired from a
 musket struck a rib, and glancing, in
 dieted a severe flesh wound. The mar
 ble was extracted by Mr. Rizer.
 The following is the verdict of the
 coroner’s inquest upon the body of
 l Charles Himmelwright: “Charles Him
 melwright came to his death by a wound
 in his breast inflicted by a musket ball,
 which perforated the heart at the jnne
 tion of the main artery —the weapon
 j being in the hands of some persons un
 known to the jury, on the night of the
 9th of October, while the deceased was
 in the discharge of his duties as a fire
 man, during the riot at Sixth and St.
 Mary streets.”
 The coroner also held an inquest up
 on the body of John Griffith, the color
 ed boy, mentioned yesterday, as having
 died at the Hospital from a wound in
 the head, inflicted by a musket ball.—
 The following is the verdict of the jury:
 “That John Griffith came to his death
 from a wound in his head by a ball from
 a musket, fired in the hands of some
 person unknown to the jury, on the
 night of the 9th of Oct., during the riots
 at the corner of Sixth and St. Mary
 streets.”
 Cornelius Speed, one of the election
 judges in Sixth Ward, Southwark, was
 struck on the forehead with a spent
 ball. The injury was not serious.
 The colored church in Lombard st.
 below 6th, and the old church edifice at
 Fifth and Gaskill streets, have been
 converted into barracks for the use of
 the military.
 With the exception of several dis
 charges of fire-arms in Moyamensing,
 apparently intended for signals by the
 rioters, no disturbance occurred last
 evening. In visiting the scene of the
 late disturbance, we found the streets
 in the vicinity completely deserted, the
 rain having had the effect of driving the
 rioters as well as the spectators to their
 homes.
 McShane died at the hospital last
 evening about dark. This makes the
 third fatal case. He had arrived in
 this country but a few weeks since, and
 was making preparations to return, in
 tending to start the last of this week.
 Arrest for Rioting. —During Tues
 day night and yesterday, thirty men
 and boys, black and white, were arrest
 ed and committed to the city lock up,
 on the charge of having been engaged
 in the riots. Five of them were subse
 quently discharged. Those in custody
 will have a hearing to-day or to-morrow.
 The outbreak was one of those sud
 sudden explosions of brutal passions,
 which could not have been foreseen,
 and owing to the employment of the po
 lice force on duties incident to the elec
 tion, could not be guarded against.—
 Still the public authorities ofthe coun
 try are justly censurable for allowing a
 lawless gang of ruffians to gain, by im
 punity for former frequent outrages, the
 audacity that showed itself in the resis
 tance they made to the laws on Tuesday
 night. The rioters have been guilty of
 the highest crimes known to the laws—
 arson and murder—and we suggest
 whether it is not the duty of the Gover
 nor to immediately offer a reward for
 the arrest and conviction of every indi
 vidual known to have had a hand in the
 outrage.
From the N. H. Independent OeuK&gt;rra(.
 SLAVE HOLDING CHRINTIANN.
 It is difficult here at the North to be
 lieve that the writer of the following is
 a Christian Minister,” or that he is
 not jesting in what he says of the ho
 ly, wise and beneficent” institution of
 slavery. It is difficult to conceive how
 any men upon whom ha* ever beamed
 toe light of modern civilization, can
 thus talk in earnest of an institution
 which tramples on the most sacred af
 fections of the human heart, and anni
 hilates those domestic relations to which
 Christianity and civilization owe all
 their efficiency to redeem the world.—
 It is, however, with slavery as with oth
 er sins. Those who make a gain of
 the bones, sinews and souls of their'
 fellow men, are the most hopeless vic
 tims of their own crimes against God
 and their race. We take the following
 extracts from a long address in the Au
 gusta iGs.) Republic, to tbe editors of
 the Christian Review. The writer pro
 fesses to be a clergyman, whose soul is
 grieved at the abolition fanaticism
 of Northern Christians in denouncing
 the God-ordained institution:”
 “And what is yet mors alarming,
 (says this writer,) this foul spirit has
 not only fallen upso and warpod the
 judgment of your most distinguished
 politicians, who, in prospect of human
 greatness hare sought honor, on* of
 another* said not tbs honor which com
 sth from God only, who through their
 miliin. «Miaf
JOHN DICK, prausHia
WHOLE NO. 96.
ged mountain of fame, have found au
 time to examine minutely the lively or*
 teles, and make themselves acquainted
 with the God of the Bible; but this ao~
 olilion fanaiici*m has also thrown its
 pestilentisl vapors into the departments
 of religion; and infected and bliodsd
 the minds of many who profess to M*k
 for the truth as it is in Jesus. Evan
 many among you who occupy the sa
 cred desk, instead of feeding th«ir
 flocks with tho sincere milk of tits
 word, desecrate thr Sabbath and its
 services, in hurling towards Southern
 slaveholders the poisoned shafts of ab
 olition agitation which hew ever, fall not
 upon themselves and their ocagrega
 tions, proving in truth, to be a savour
 of death unto death. For the conss
 qseace is, as might be expected, that
 those who undertake against tks
 God of the Bible, roust tail in the con
 flict. Many of the strong alobtion
 minisUrs of the North, forsaken by tk*
 restraining grace of God hete been per
 mitted to fall into gi'OJs si.iz, and others
 into open apostacy, or into the adoption
 of some one of the prevailing heresies
 abounding in the land of Edwards and
 Dwight, once distinguished for cherish
 ing the orthodox faith of the gospel.
We invito any, whe arc not bimd-
 Icd to madness, to look into this holy,
 wise, and merciful uurk if a beneficent
 Creator. And in defending the eburac
 terjof the Christian’s God, as the Au
 thor or Southern Slavery, we onl)
 ask tiiat its history may be traced. Go
 back, then, into the wilds of Africa,
 and see two of her savage tribes en
 gaged in the din of deadly battle. The
 one, and perhaps not the aggressor,
 proves victorious iu the conflict. And
 now the brooding spirit of the God of
 mercy says to the conquering party, Do
 not butcherjyour captives, though they
 may have unjustly assailed you, and, if
 conquering.. might have put you to
 death and paved their yards with your
 skulls, as many savage tribes of your
 country ofteu do with their captured en
 emies; but do you act upon the princi
 ple of mercy and benevolence. Make
 them your servants turn tln m into your
 money —and then they will be grateful
 to you, and you will love and protect
 them. The divine influence prevailed
 over their savage minds, the poor cap
 tives, destined to destruction, were
 spared by their conquerors, and be
 came their kind and submissive slaves.”
 The writer warms with his glowing
 subject and begins to prophesy. He
 seems to see his favorite system Ailing
 our whole continent with its moral and
 political aromatic. Hear bun:
 I have no pretension to prnphetio
 vision, but upon the t-iiowing of your
 correspondent, our slaves are greatly
 prospering, and the God of Heaven
 has placed not only New but Old Mex
 ico in such geographical and ciiniatical
 juxta-position to our sunny South, that I
 know not but when enlargement for
 our slaves may require, he who hits ever
 favored those walking under the banner of
 truth and righteousness may open the
 way in peace and good will too, for mi
 peculiar instituion of Slavery ta
 carry its blessings still farther West.
 Ah! why, we ask, should it not be
 destined to pass over the battle
 fields of Mexico to the Halls of the
 Montezuma* bearing thither this glori
 ous banner, whose motto is glory to
 God in the highest, on earth peace and
 good will toward man. There not on
 ly to give to all access to the true re
 ligion, to raise the jtoor Peoii to an equal
 ity with our slares in point of religious
 privileges, but to unehacklc his mind
 fettered in superstition, and elevate
 him as a descendant of Jspheth, to a
 position in the scale of intellectuality
 far above the point beyond wmch the
 sons of Canaan cun evci rise, with
 God’s prophetic doom stamped upon
 their physical and intellectual organa.
A YOl NGHEI'.O
 A lnend relator to u&gt; the following
 fact, which would give its subject a wide
 fame but for nu crime of a colored skin:
 A boy about fifteen years ot ige, who
 was formerly a slave in Virginia, has
 resided for about three year.. with his
 “youug master” in Baltimore but,
 for some trifling offence, the slavehold
 er resolved to send him again to Vir
 ginia. The boy knowing that it would
 lessen his chances for freedom, refused
 to go. He was seized, and forcibly
 thrust on board the steamboat for Nor
 folk, to be sent to i'etersburgb, and so
 closely watched till the boat had left,that
 he could not escape. But despair could
 not quench his love of liberty. Watch
 ing his opportunity, when the boat was
 well under weigh, and some two or three
 miles from shore, he leaped overboard,
 resolved to swim while he could, and
 then resign himself to hi fate, w elcom
 ing death rather than slavery Fortu
 nately for the brave hoy, he soon dis
 covered a floating plunk, and seizing it,
 he sustained himself upon it to the shore,
 and started for a land of liberty. Ev
 ery generous heart will rejoice with
 hirn that he has gained the rich blessing
 he has so nobly earned. But (be cheek
 of every American should tingle with
 shame to know that FIVE Hf'NDRED
 DOLLARS has been offered by tbs
 kidnapper for the recapture of his young
 hero, and h»s return into slavery.—
 Thanks to the free hearts of the North,
 whose humanity is stronger than coo*
 stitutioß* and law s, he is beyond the
 reach of the man-thief. Who would
 be so base or cowardly as to refuse a
 welcome to this young freeman, to obey
 either compact or statute, or tbo sol
 emn teachings of the pulpit Let ev
 ery true mao ask this question when
 tempted to join a government which
 nakea mercy to a fugitive slave a crime.
 —i*a. JVmvmm.
"
