"FREDERICK DOI'GI.ASS, En.ro.
VOL. 11. NO. 45.
Tk* WORTH STAR 1. imbll.he* crttr
 rriAar. Wo. n«*«lo Street,
 Jpp»i*tr lA* ArttifU.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollari p*r annum, nU-*y* w» advance. No
 *ub*&lt;-Fqmon wW retired for a l«w terra than
 six month*.
 Advertiaoiwiti not exceeding ten lines inserted
 hree times for one dollsr; every subsequent .nser
 r-on, twenty-fiee rente••
Tm l object ol tbe North S 1 a r w ill be to attack
 Slav..rt in all its form." and assets; advocate
 t s'ivfrsal En ajsa IPATION; csalt the standard
 „t Pcßtic Morality; promote the moral and in
 teliectual improvement of the Colored People;
 and hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 of our Enslaved Fellow Cor!»-
 'rRTMEW.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 All commumcattons relating to tiie lutin'ss
 m/ier* of the pa|ier, names of .uiiscrilicru, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should be addreaaed to John Dick,
 i nil!is,her.
 C Agents, and all others sending names, are
 r ,qne»ted to I* accurate, and give tiie Post OJJue,
 the C oMHfv, and tiie State. Lach Sub&amp;criUr is im-
 credited for money received.
 s9»'Any person sending in the payment for four
 subscribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 haVe a fifth copy for one year.
 AH letter, and communication* must be post
 •*v
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —K. F. Walcutt, 21, Coruhill,
 Boston; Natlum Johnson, New Bedford; Hor:Ujo W
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn; George
 Evans, Worcester Bourne bpooner, Plymouth;
 Charles H. Seth, Springfield; David Kuggie*.
 Northajnpton; H. Carpenter, Upton.
 MairK.—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 VkkZost. —Rowland T. Robinson, North Fer
 risburg..
 Corkecticut.—Jonalhuri Leonard,’New Ha Yen
 NxW Hampshire. —Wearc Tappan, Bradford.
 New York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; James McCune Smith,93, West Broadway:
 Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen Countv; Marv Har
 per, Albany; Elias Dotv, Macedon; n illetts Keese,
 Peru, Clinton County; \ViUi:»«a S. Baltimore, Tmv;
 J. F. Platt, Peua Van; J. Jelirey, Geneva; E. L.
 Platt, Bath.
 Rh ode JsLAKD.—Amaranry Paine, Providence.
 PIUKSYLVAKIA. —J-.M. M’K.im,3l, North 1- iltii
 Street, Philadelphia; G. VV. Gomes, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; Bows, Pittsburgh; Wm. Whipper,
 Columbia; Isaac Roberts, Jacob L. Paxon, Norris
 own, Montgomery County, Milo A. Townsend,
 New Brighton.
 Ohio. —Christian Donaldson, Ciucinnaii; at
 &lt;&gt;rfßnd Gaines, Ditto; Valentiite Nicholson, Har
 vovAlairgh. Warren Co.; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan*.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
Indiana.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co
Selections.
ADDRESS
 Of Three Hundred and Thirty-five Citi
 -9 sens of Montreal in favor of Immediate
 Annexation to the United States.
 TO THE PEOPLE OF CANADA.
 The number and magnitude of.the
 evils that afflict our country, and tlee
 universal and inci casing, depression ot
 its material interests, call upon all per
 sons animated by a sincere desire for
 its welfare, to combine for tht purposes
 of inquiry and preparation, with a view
 nr iHenydopntm T&gt;f surch remediew ns a
 mature and dispassionate investigation
 may suggest.'
 Belonging to all parties, origins and
 creeds, but yet agreed upon the advan
 tage of co-operation for. the performance
 of ajfommon duty -to ourselves and our
 country, growing out of a common ne
 cessity, we have consented, in view of
 a brighter and happier future, to merge
 in oblivion all past differences, of what
 ever character, of attributable to what
 ever source. In appealing to our Fel
 low Colonies to unite with us in this,
 our most needful duty, we solemnly
 conjure them as they desire a success
 ful issue, and the welfare of their coun
 try, to enter upon the task, at this mo
 mentous crisis, in the same fraternal
 spirit.
 The reversal of the ancient policy of
 Great Britain vrhereby she withdrew
 from the Colonies their wonted protec
 tion in her markets, has produced the
 most disastrous effects upon Canada.
 In surveying the actual condition of the
 Cdufttry, what but ruin or rapid decay
 meets the eye Our Provincial Gov
 ernment and Civic Corporations em
 barrassed, our Banking and other secu
 rities greatly depreciated; our Mercan
 tile and Agricultural interest alike un
 prosperous; real estate scarcely salea
 ble upon any terms; our unrivalled
 rivers, lakes, and canals, almost un
 uspd; while Commerce abandons oui
 shores, the circulating capital amassed
 under a more favorable system, is dis
 sipated, with none from any quarter to
 replace it! Thus without available
 capital, unable to effect a loan with
 Foreign States or with the Mother-
 Country, although offering security
 greatly superior to that which readily
 obtains money both from the United
 States and Great Britain, when other
 than Colonists are the applicants.—
 Crippled, therefore, and checked in the
 full career of private and public enter
 prise, this possession of the British
 Crown—our country—stands before
 the world in humiliating contrast with
 its immediate neighbors, exhibiting ev
 ery symptom ol a nation fast sinking
 into decay.
 With superabundant water power and
 cheap labor, especially in Lower Can
 ada, we have yet no domestic manufac
 tures; nor can the most sanguine, un
 less under altered circumstances, an
 ticipate the home growth, or advent
 fromjforeign parts, of either capital or
 enterprise to embark in this great source
 of national wealth. Our institutions,
 unhappily, have not that impress ol
 permanence which can alone impart
 security, and inspire confidence, and
 the Canadian market is too limited to
 tempt the foreign capitalist
 While the adjoining States are cov
 ered with a net work of thriving rail
 ways, Canada possesses but three lines,
 which together, scarcely exceedjfifiy
 miles in length, and the stock tn two of
 which is held at a depreciation of from
 GO to 80 per cent. —a fatal symptom of
 the torpor overspreading the land.
 Our present form of Provincial Gov
 ernment ia cumbrous and so expensive
 M to be ill-suited to the country; and
 RKestary reference it demands to,
THE NORTH STAR.
a distant Government, imperfectly ac
 quainted with Canadian affairs, and
 somewhat indifferent to our interests,
 is anomalous and irksome. Yet, in the
 event of a rupture between two of the
 most powerful nations of the world,
 Canada would become the battle-field
 and the sufferer, however little her in
 terests might be involved in the cause
 of quarrel, or tjje issue of the contest.
 The bitter animosities of political
 parties and factions in Canada, often
 leading to violence, and upon one occa
 sion to civil war, seem not to have aba
 ted with time; nor is there, at the pre
 sent moment, any prospect of diminu
 tion or accommodation. The aspect of
 parties becomes daily mere threatening
 toward eacli other, and under our ex
 isting institutions and relations, little
 hope i 3 discernible of a peaceful and
 prosperous administration of our affairs,
 but difficulties will, to all appearance,
 accumulate untH Govewiment becomes
 impracticable. In this view of our po
 sition, any course that may promise to
 efface existing party distinctions, and
 place entirely new r issues before the
 people, must be fraught with undenia
 ble advantages.
 Among the Statesman of the Mother
 Country—among the sagacious obser
 vers of the neighboring Republic—in
 Canada—and all British North Ameri
 ca—among all classes, there is a strong
 pervading conviction that a political
 revolution in this country is at hand.—
 Such forebodings cannot readily be
 dispelled, and they have, moreover, a
 tendency to realize the events to which
 they point. In the meanwhile, serious
 injury results to Canada from the effect
 of this anticipation upon the more desi
 rable class of settlers, who naturally
 prefer a country under fixed and per
 manent forms ol government to one in
 a state of transition.
 Having thus adverted to some of the
 causes of our present evils, we could
 consider how far the remedies ordinari
 ly proposed possess sound and rational
 inducements to justify thur adoption:
 1. “The revival of protection in the
 markets of the United Kingdom.”
 This, if attainable in a certain de
 gree, and guaranteed fora long period
 of years, would ameliorate the condition
 of many of our chief interests, but the
 policy of the Empire forbids the antici
 pation. Beside, it would be hut a par
 tial remedy. The millions of the Moth
 er Country demand cheap food; and a
 second change from Protection to Free
 Trade would complete that ruin which
 the first has done much to achieve.
 -11. “The Protection of Home Manu-i
 faqtures.”
 Although this might encourage the
 growth of a manufacturing interest in I
 Canada, yet, without access to the 1
 United States’ market, there would not
 be a sufficient expansion of that inter
 est, from the want of consumers, to
 work any result that could be admitted
 as a “remedy” for the numerous evils
 of which we complain.
 111. “A Federal Union of the British
 American Provinces.”
 The advantages claimed for that ar
 rangement are Free Trade between
 the different provinces, and a diminish
 ed governmental expenditure. The at
 tainment of the latter object would be
 problematical, and the benefits antici
 pated from the former might be secured
 by legislation under our existing sys
 tem. The markets of the sister prov
 inces would not benefit our trade in
 timber, for they have a surplus of that
 article in their own forests; and their
 demand for agricultural products would
 be too limited to absorb our means of
 supply. Nor could Canada expect any
 encouragement to her manufacturing
 industry from those quarters.
 IV. “The Independence of the Brit
 ish North American Colonies as a Fed
 eral Republic.”
 The consolidation of its new Institu
 tions from elements hitherto so discor
 dant—the formation of treaties with
 foreign powers—the acquirement of a
 name and character among the nations
 —would, we fear, prove an overmatch
 for the strength of the new Republic.—
 And, having regard to the powerful
 confederacy of States conterininus with
 itself, the needful military defences
 would be too costly to render Indepen
 dence a boon, while it would not, any
 more than a Federal Union, remove
 those obstacles which retard our mate
 rial, prosperity.
 V. “Reciprocal Free Trade with the
 United States, as respects the products
 of the farm, the forest, and the mine.”
 If obtained, this w r ould yield but an
 instalment of the many advantages
 which might be otherwise secured.—
 The free interchange of such products
 w ould not introduce manufactures to our
 country.. I* would not give us the
 North American continent for our mar
 ket. it would neither so amend our
 institutions as to confer stability nor in
 sure confidence in their permanence;
 nor would it allay the violence of par
 ties, or, in the slightest degree, remedy
 many of our prominent evils.
 VI. “Of nil the remedies that have
 been suggested for the acknowledged
 and insufferable ills with which our
 country is afflicted, there remains but
 one to be considered. It propounds a
 sweeping and important change in our
 political and social condition, involving
 considerations that demane our most
 serious examination, i’his remedy con
 sists in a Friendly and Peaceful Sepa
 ration from British Connection, and a
 Union upon equitable terms milk the
 irreat Worth American Confederacy of
 Sovereign States.
 We would premise that toward Great
 Britain we entertain none other than
 sentiment* of kindness and respect.—
 Without her consent we consider sepa
 ration as neither pActicable nor desira
 ble. But the Colonial policy of the
 Parent State, the avowals of her leed
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX-TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR-«OI&gt; IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND .ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
ing statesmen, the public sentiments of
 the Empire, present unmistakable and
 significant indications of the apprecia
 tion of Colonial Connection. That it
 is the resolve of England to invest us
 with the attributes, and to assume the
 burdens of Independence is no longer
 problematical. The threatened with
 drawal of her troops from other Colo
 nies—the continuance of her military
 protection to ourselves only on the con
 dition that w*e shall detray the attendant
 expenditure, betoken intentions toward
 our country, against which it is weak
 ness in us not to provide. An overrul
 ing conviction, then, of its necessity,
 and a high sense of duty we owe to our
 country, a duty we can neither disre
 gard nor postpone, impel us to enter
 tain the idea of separation; and what
 ever negotiations may eventuate with
 Great Britain, a grateful liberality on
 the part of Canada should mark every
 proceeding.
 The proposed Union would render
 Canada a field for American capital,
 into which it would euter as freely for
 I the prosecution of public works and
 private enterprise as of the
 present States. It would equalize the
 value of real estate upon both sides ol
 the boundary, thereby probably doub
 ling at once the entire present value ol
 property in Canada, while, by giving
 stability to our institutions, and intro
 ducing prosperity, it w'ould raise oui
 public, corporate and private credit.—
 It would increase our commerce both
 with the United States and foreign
 countries, and not necessarily diminish,
 to any great extent, our intercourse
 with Great Britain, into which our pro
 duce would, for the most part, enter on
 the same terms as at present. It would
 render our rivers and canals the high
 way for the immigration to, and exports
 from the West, to the incalculable ben
 efit of our country, it would also intro
 duce manufactures into Canada as rap
 idly as they have been introduced into
 the Northern States; and to Lower
 Canada especially, where water privil
 eges and labor are abundant and cheap,
 it would attract manufacturing capital,
 enhancing the value of property and
 agricultural produce, and giving remu
 nerative employment to what is at pre
 sent a comparatively non-proclucing
 population. JYor woult{ the United
 States merely furnish the capital for our
 manufactures. They tvould also supply
 for them the most extensive market in the
 world without the intervention of a Cus
 tom House Officer. Railways would
 forthwith be constructed by American
 capital as feeders for all the great lines
 now approaching our frontiers and
 railway enterprise .in general would
 doubtless be a 9 active and prosperous
 among us as among our neighbors.—
 The value of our agricultural produce
 would be raised at once to a par with
 that of the United States, while agri
 cultural implements and many of the
 necessaries of life, such as tea, coffee
 and sugar, would be greatly reduced
 in price.
 The value of our timber would also
 be greatly enhanced by free access to
 the American market, where it bears a
 high price, but is subject to an onerous
 duty. At the same time, there is every
 reason to believe that our shipholders,
 as \Vell at Quebec as on the Great
 Lakes, would find an unlimited market
 in all the ports of the American Conti
 nent. It cannot be doubted that the
 shipping trade ot the United States must
 greatly increase. It is equally mani
 fest that, with them, the principal ma
 terial in the construction of ships is rap
 idly diminishing, while we possess vast
 territories covered with timber of excel
 lent quality, which would be equally
 available, as it now is, since under the
 Free Trade system our vessels would
 sell as well in England after Annexa
 tion as before.
 This simple and economical State
 Government, in which direct responsi
 bility to the people is a distinguishing
 feature, would be substituted for a sys
 tem at once cumbrous and expensive.
 In place of war and the alarms of war
 with a neighbor, there would be peace
 and amity between this country and the
 United States. Disagreements between
 the United States and her chief, if not
 only rival nations, would not
 make the soil of Canada the sanguina
 ry arena for their disputes, as under
 our existing relations must necessarily
 jhe the case. That such is the unenvi
 able condition of our state of depend
 ence upon Great Britain is known to
 j the whole woNd, and how far it may
 i conduce to keep prudent capitalists
 j from masing investments in the coun
 try, or wealthy settlers from selecting
 a fore-doomed battle-field for tbe home
 of themselves and their children, it
 needs no reasoniog on our part to elu
 cidate.
 But other advantages than those hav-*
 in-* a bearing on our material interests
 may be foretold. It would change the
 ground of political contests between
 races and parties, allay and obliterate
 those irritations and conflicts of-rancor
 and recrimination which have hitherto
 disfigured our social fabric. Already
 in anticipation has its harmonious influ
 ence been felt —the harbinger, may it
 be hoped, of a lasting oblivion of dis
 sensions among all classes, creeds and
 parties in the country. Changing a
 subordinate for an independent condi
 tion, we would take our station among
 the nations of the earth. We have now
 no voice in the affairs of the Empire,
 nor do we share in its honors or emolu
 ments. England is our Parent State,
 with whom we have no equality, but to
 ward whom we stand in the simple rela
 tion of obedience. But as citizens of
 the United States, the public service
 of tbe nation would be open to us—a
 field for high and honorable distinction,
 on which we and our posterity might
 enter on terms of perfect •quality.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1849.
Nor would the amicable separation
 of Canada from Great Britain be fraught
 with advantages to us alone. The re
 lief to the Parent State from the large
 expenditure now incurred ia the milita
 ry occupation of the country—the re
 moval of the many causes of collision
 with the United States, which result
 from the contiguity of mutual territories
 so extensive—the benefit of the huger
 market which the increasing prosperity
 of Canada would create, are considera
 tions which, in the minds of many of
 her ablest statesmen, render oor incor
 poration with the United States a desi
 rable consummation.
 To the United States also tbe annex
 ation of Canada presents many impor
 tant inducements. The withdrawal
 from their borders of so powerful a na
 tion, by whom in time of war the im
 mense and.growing commerce of the
 Lakes would be abili
 ty to dispense with the easily but inef
 fectual revenue establishment over a
 frontier of many hundred miles—the
 large accession to their income from our
 Customs—the unrestricted use of the
 St. Lawrence, the natural highway from
 the Western States to the ocean, are
 objects for the attainment of which the
 most substantial equivalents would un
 doubtedly be conceded.
 Fellow Colonists: W r e have thus
 laid before you our views and convic
 tions on a momentous question—involv
 ing a change, which, though contem
 plated by many of us with varied feel
 ings and emotions, we all believe to be
 inevitable; one which it is our duty to
 provide for, and lawfully to promote.
 We address you without prejudice or
 partiality,—in the spirit of sincerity and
 truth, —ia the interest solely of our
 common country—and our single aim is
 its safety and welfare. If to youjr judg
 ment and reason our object and aim be
 'at this time deemed laudable and right;
 we ask an oblivion of past dissensions;
 and from all, without distinction of ori
 gin, party, or creed, that earnest and
 cordial co-operation in such lawful,
 prudent and judicious means as may
 best conduct us to our common destiny.
 John Torrance, J. DeWitt, MPP;
 J. Redpath, John Molson, David Tor
 rance, William Workman, D. L. Mc-
 Pherson, Thomas B. Anderson, L. H.
 Holton, J. G. Mackenzie, Robert Mac
 kay, Benj. Holmes, MPP; David Kin
 near, John Rose, QC; John Glass, and
 320 others.
From the New York Tribune.
 PRACTICAL SLAVERY IN THE DIS
 TRICT OF COLUMBIA.
 Washington, Tuesday, Oct. 16.
 Mr. Greeley: Facts are stubborn
 things. When Mr. Gott offered a res
 olution in the House- of Representative*
 last winter, declaring slavery in the
 District of Columbia to be a disgrace
 to us in the eyes of all Christendom,
 the Southern members held a meeting
 in the Senate Chamber, in secret, in
 the night-time, and threatened to dis
 solve the Union. Is it any wonder that
 Northern men, with Northern hearts
 ar\d Northern heads, should cry 'Amen'
 to the efforts of these Southern fanatics,
 when they see, in the very heart of the
 capital, on Pennsylvania avenue, be
 tween the Halls of Legislation and the
 Halls of Executive power, on God’s
 holy day, a wagon load of human cat
 tle in the form and likeness of their ma
 ker, chained and manacled to the vehi
 cle like sheep in the butcher’s carts,
 ready for the sacrifice of blood and toll?
 Such a scene occurred here on Sunday
 last, Oct. 14, in the year of our Lord
 1849. The cries ol the miserable
 wretches as they jolted’ over the rough
 pavement at a brisk trot, mingled mys
 teriously with the light and careless
 voices of God’s people returning from
 the cushioned seats and damask stools
 where they are wont to worship the
 Most High, and pray for all mankind
 The slave-driver had been into Mary
 land to purchase his ‘live stock*—prob
 ably for the Southern market,—and was
 taking them to the shambles, to be in
 spected by tbe dealers in “God’s image
 cut in ebony"!” Oh, did it ever occur
 to the pious Christian slaveholder, or to
 any slaveholdiog freeman who acknowl
 edges himself accountable to a Hereaf
 ter, what a fearful distance lies between
 him and everlasting happiness!
 Almighty Power and Retributive Jus
 tice go forth to lift the pall of darkness
 from the world, to unloose the shackles
 of the oppressed, and open the eyes of
 mankind to Light and Truth, how will
 some of the patriots and saints of our
 day call upon the rocks and mountains
 to cover them from that unsleeping Eye
 which sees everywhere!
 How long are we to suffer this re
 proach? Will slavery continue in the
 District Is there not one yet who has
 arisen with genius fit, and courage suf
 ficient, to stab the monster to the heart,
 and rid os of the disgrace? Will men
 in Congress still truckle to power, and
 let the seal of everlasting shame and
 guilt be burned deep on their front—or
 is there light abroad C.
 JAB. HAUGHTON AND FATHER
 MATHEW.
 We copy from the last Liberator a
 passage in a letter of James Haugbtoo,
 of Dublin, commenting on the course
 which Father Mathew has seen fit to
 take in relation to the Abolitionists of
 this country. Mr. Haughton, aa prob
 ably most of our readers koow, is one
 of the most distinguished and devoted
 advocates of Temperance in Ireland;
 he m also a personal friend to Father
 Mathew, and in company with him has
 addressed probably hundreds of thou
 sands of people. We had so doubt that
 the conduct of Mr. Mathew would be
 condemned by the friends bs left behind
 him st home, sad the testimony of all
 of them, who profess 4o be Abolition
 ists, would, we do not question, be aa
emphatic, could we get at it, as this of
 Mr. Haughton. He says:
 “I am truly sorry to learn that Fath
 er Mathew has acted a cowardly part
 on tbe question of Slavery since he ar
 rived in America. I did not expect that
 he would have taken a prominent posi
 tion* among any section of your Aboli
 tionists; but I did expect he would have
 honestly avowed himself an Abolition
 ist, and that he would have called on
 Irishmen in America to be the friends
 of the black man. It was his bounden
 duty, as a truthful, honest man, to have
 gone thus far, at least. lam sorry he
 has fallen; I am sorry he has bowed
 down before the slave power. lam
 sorry he contemplates a visit to the
 Slave States. If he does visit them,
 and that he continues to disavow, or
 avoida manfully to avow, his approval
 of the address which he signed, with
 ready willingness, at my request, some
 years ago, (and which Address has "been
 lately re-published in the Liberator and
 the Standard,) if he does not acknowl
 edge the paper signed by O’Connell,
 and approved by his own conscience, I
 hope he will take up his abode among
 slaveholders, and never come back to
 Ireland. But I will yet hope better
 things of Father Mathew. I wrote to
 him several weeks ago, entreating him
 to be friendly and faithful to the colored
 man. It is a sad thing that this most
 cruelly oppressed portion of our race
 should be nothing cared for, bv even
 professed friends. If Father Mathew
 shall raise no voice for them in Ameri
 ca, he. will be despised even by the
 slaveholder, and his name will become
 a reproach among honest men. I do
 not know what he means by saying that
 signing the address brought some odium
 on him here: it gained for him nothing
 but honor in Ireland; for, however
 dishonest Irishmen may act in this re
 spect, when they set foot on your soil,
 not a man of them at home, is to be
 found, who does not exclaim agninst
 Slavery. If my voice could reach Fa
 ther Mathew across the Atlantic, I
 would conjure him to be true to the
 slave, for the honor of old Ireland, for
 the sake of his own fame, and because
 such a cause is the only manly and hon
 orable course he can pursue; any other
 will bring disgrace to himself and injury
 to the great cause of temperance in
 which he is engaged, and with which
 his name is identified. A man must be
 something more than a teetotaller; we
 don’t want our people to stop there.—
 Teetotalism is the foundation; from it
 should spring every other virtue that can
 adorn the man.”
TESTIMONY AGAINST COLONIZA
 TION.
 -We-are gtarFra flird says the'Anti-
 Slavery Bugle,) in the Louisville Ex
 aminer of the 29th ult. a manly protest
 from that true-hearted friend of Free
 dom, Rev. John G. Fee, against the
 shameful injustice and wickedness of
 offering the slaves of Kentucky their
 liberty only upon condition of banish
 ment from the State. This is a prom
 -1 inent feature in the plan of emancipa
 tion which has been proposed by those
 who take the lead of the anti-slavery
 agitation in that State, and it shows
 clearly enough that the authors of the
 scheme ai£ actuated by a selfish regard
 to the interests ofthe whites rather than
 by enlightened benevolence toward the
 oppressor and the oppressed. Mr. Fee
 talks like a man of principle and heart,
 and appeals to the conscience with con
 vincing power. Hear him:
 Is it Christian, humane, or just, that
 we require a poor unoffending man, who
 has toiled to construct our roads, clear
 our farms, feed our children, and clothe
 our own bodies—who has done us
 naught but kindness, that we in return
 require aB a condition of his enjoying
 the boon of freedom—the inalienable
 right of humanity," —that he must be
 banished—banished from the land of
 i his birth—from a land where he is ac
 climated, to one to which he is not ac
 climated; and removal to which must
 result in disease and death to hundreds
 and thousands. And all this, too, with
 out his consent. Is this obeying Christ
 rule—“ Whatsoever ye would that men
 provision is made for color or de
 gree of intellectual capacity) should do
 unto you, do ye even so to them.” If
 the members of the Central Commit
 tee were slaves, and the colored peo
 ple had the majority and power in their
 hands, woold the Committee think it
 just and Christian that they should be
 banished without their consent to the
 land of their forefathers—lreland, Ger
 many, Scotland, or whatever that laud
 might be?
 Does the Committee say there is a
 prejudice against the colored race, and
 they should therefore be banished?
 This position we see in almost every
 Colonization address. But is it a suf
 ficient one is it one upon which
 Christians and philanthropists should
 base their actions—a systematic and
 organized effort, to continue through
 the lapse of many years?
 If we ean judge from tbe returns from
 the polk in Jefferson county, aa well
 aa from all other counties in the State,,
 there is a prejudice against the mem-
 hers of that Committee themselves:
 and no doubt many of the citizens would
 colonize them if they had tbe power.
 BuT woold tbe Committee think preju
 dice a sufficient ground for such ac
 tioo.
 Does the Committee eey it would be 1
 for the welfare of the colored people
 themfeelvee? We reply—of this the
 colored people should bo the sole jud
 ges. Many of the perpetualieta of our
 Stale are saying, these Emancipa
 tionists bad better give up the ship, j
 and go to the free States, where they
 could all be of a piece—they could get
 along better.**
 Hew we think we ought to be the
judges of this matter. Should he per
 petualists banish or colonize the
 Emancipationists, merely because they
 had the power—giving as a reason, “it
 would be better for the Emancipation
 ists,” the Emancipationists would feel
 it an act of tyranny, worthy only of the
 Autocrat of Russia. And shall we, be
 cause we have the power, assume the
 right to judge for a poor and long-op
 pressed minority? Shall we, as pro
 ies*ed republicans and democrats,
 wearing the name ot Christ’s follow
 ers, be guilty of such tyranny Could
 we expect the blessing of Heaven upon
 us, either as a nation or a party?
 As we are proposing in the eyes ot
 God and the world, to do a noble act,
 that of proclaiming freedom to the
 down-trodden slave, let it go the whole
 figure oftrue magnanimity—extend ab
 solute justice to every one, and not
 stain the noble enterprise by remain
 ing acts of injustice, to gram) an un
 holy prejudice.
 This is the true spirit, which alone
 can conquer the powers of despotism.
 Not until the Anti-Slavery of Kentucky
 is pervaded by this spirit will it ever ac
 complish much toward freeing the State
 from its deadly leprosy.
SLAVE AUCTION*
 Correspondence of the National Eia.
 St. Louis, Mo., September *24, 1849.'
 To the Fditor of the JSattonal Era:
 I have just returned to my room, af
 ter witnessing one of those soul-depres
 sing and most unnatural of all earth's
 wicked transactions, the saceof. three
 human beings, at a public auction sale.
 Three auctioneers, at three several
 stands, under the eastern front of the
 Court House of this great eity, cried
 articles for sale at the same moment.
 One of them sold old furniture; anoth
 er, horses; and the third, living images
 of the Almighty Father—a bureau, a
 horse, a woman!
 Kow much for Maria, gentlemen,
 a very valuable woman, and sold for no
 fault.”
 And Maria was much more white
 than black—more American than Afri
 can blood in her veins Some white
 man’s daughter, doubtless, was here
 sold. Maria stood in the centre of a
 crowd, her eves cast down, her bosom
 heaving; in silence she stood under the
 eastern porch of the desecrated Hall of
 Justice, while men, trafficking in their
 kind, bid upon her t osh, and bought,
 with dollars and cents, a sister of “Ma
 ry, the mother o| Jesus.” Then came
 into the circle, at the word of command
 (romt/ie man.who sold other men, anoth
 er woman, w hose flesh, not so fair as
 Maria’s, was not prized so highly, and
 brought less per pound, though some
 thing" more, I observed, than did'the an
 imal with four feet, sold at the same in
 stant under another hammer.
 At last, the circle of buyers and sor
 rowing lookers-on opened again, ad
 mitting a girl of seventeen; and now
 the greedy and hateful eyes of some
 brightened up as with a reflected
 glare from Satan’s keener glance. The
 bids run rapidly up; this young woman
 will work more yeais; never mind her
 tears, the lash will dr) them up; don’t
 tell of her grief, tasks w ill kill it out;
 her mother, never mention her; her
 soul, ah, yes, her soul! Watch her,
 O Lord God! and, when her earthly
 tasks of slavery are all done, let the
 good of eternal life come to her soul,
 out of the evil of her enslaved life on
 earth!
 As the girl of seventeen left the cir
 cle to follow the purchaser of her bodv,
 I observed that she took from her fin
 gers three rings, and, with a look of
 unavailing sorrow, handed them to a
 boy who stood near, with a word’of anx
 ious whispering, which I could not
 hear-—probably she sant them as to
 kens of a last farewell to friends held
 dear. She followed out of the crowd
 and down the street the man who had
 bought her. She had no halter on her
 head; it was on the soul.
 Men of Missouri! press on for Free
 Soil and Free Men!
THE MORMONS—STATE OF DESK,
 RET.
 The Mormons at Salt Lake have cal
 led a convention; adapted a constitu
 ition; appointed a delegation to Con
 i grew; and are about to ask an adrms
 sion into the Union as n state. They
 call the new state which they hope u
 establish, the slate of Deseret and have
 accurately defined its boundaries. YVt
 have traced them carefully on the map,
 !as they are described, and find ftiai
 they include nearly the whole of upper
 California lying east of the chain ol
 mountains called the Sierra Xevada;
 leaving only the two valhesof San Joa
 quirn and Sacramento to form the state
 of California. San Diego and a few
 miles of ocean coast also fall within the
 proposed boundaries of the new state.
 The Convention convened at the
 Great Salt Lake City on the sch ol
 March, and completed their labors in
 about a week. The powers of the
 Government are divided into three De
 partments—Legislative, Executive,and
 Judicial. The first Senate is to con
 sist of 17 members, and the Hcuse of
 35 members. Jn the Executive De
 partment, provision is made for the
 election of a Governor, Lieutenant
 Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor
 of Public accounts and Treasurer.
 The Judicial power is vested in a Su
 preme Court and such inferior tribu
 nals as the Legislature f halt establish.
 A Chief Justice and two Associate*
 compose the Supreme Court.
 In the Defloration of HighU, it is de
 clared, M that all men have a natural
 and inalienable right to worship God
 according to the dictates of their own
 consciences, and the Genera! assembly
 shall make no law respecting an estab
 lishment of islifiM or prohibiting the
JOHN PICK. Pv»i»hi*
WHOLE NO. 97.
I free exercise thereof, or disturbing any
 person in his religious worship or sen
 timents— proriiled he docs not disturb
 the public peace nor obstruct others to
 their religious worship.”
 The constitution, as adopted, has a]
 ready been put into practical operation
 and a governor and other officers cho
 sen under it. The first legislature met
 in July, ard chose .t delegate to Con
 gress, and passed resolutions, and an
 address to that body, asking to be erec
 ted into a state or territorial govern
 ment.
 PORTRAITS OF KOssi TH \ND
 .Rt;.v
 The Pcsth journals contain not leas
 than sixty-nine sieck-bi uf&lt; ©r orders
 from the police to apprehend individu
 als who are excluded frym the anmer
 ty. They give a description of each
 person. The following are the por?r*iU
 of Kossuth and Bern, as sketched by
 the authorities: “Ludwig' Kosuth.
 Journalist, Advocate, Minister of Fi
 nance. President oi the Committee of
 Defence for Hungary, and, lastly, Gov
 ernor of the Hungarian Republic; bor i
 in Jass Berenji in Hungary, forty-five
 years of age, Catholic religion, mar
 ried, above the middle height, slight in
 figure but strong, has an oval counte
 nance, pale complex: &gt;n. high open f&gt;re
 head, blue eyes, chesnnt br«*wn hair,
 dark brown eyebrows, regularly formed
 nose, ‘mail and ha. dsome mouth, teeth
 perfect, a round chin, and dark beard
 and moustache. He speak* the Ger
 man, Hungarian, Latin, Slovakian,
 French, and Italian languages. As
 special marks: it may be noted that
 his hair siighMy curls, and on the top
 oi his head is thin almost to baldness
 the breast is tolerably broad, but ruther
 fiat than rounded; his hands are white
 and delicate, his fingers Sousr: bis bear
 ing is calm ami compose d, at times sol
 emn and of a certain seriousness; he
 walks uprightly; his voice is pleasant
 and musical, winning, and, even when
 he speaks low, can be distinctly heard,
 ile produces the impression on the ob
 server that he is an enthusiast Schtear
 mer.) It is especially in his beautiful
 ly shaped eyes that this expression of
 enthusiasm resides: it is increased by
 a peculiar habit of looking upwards.—
 His general outward appearance does
 not denote the energy of his character
 When he writes German, neither his
 grammar nor his orthography is cor
 rect.” The pencil of the police seldom
 sketches so favorably; the description
 includes all the attributes of a hero of
 romance, The term Schwamur is not
 exactly rendered by “enthusiast,” it
 means rather u pensive dreamer, one
 absorbed in a subject, but still silent.—
 Th» portrait Bonn b, lens elaborate,
 and thrown off ih rougher strokes.—
 “Karl Beni, General of the Insurgents,
 age from fitly to fifty-five, middle
 height, thin, has a round face, brown
 and ruddy complexion, low forehead,
 hair mixed with grey, grey eyebrows,
 nose pointed and aquiline, broad
 mouth, round chin, and a moustache
 He speaks Polish, French, and Ger
 man; has a slight stoop. It is believed
 he lias the scar of a gun-shot wound in
 the face, received in the engagement
 betore 1*68111.” “The two me«, M says
 the correspondent ol the 7 ’imen, “might
 be taken as the respective tvpea of
 thought and action.”
A “CHATTEL” FOR KALE
 The following which we find in a pa
 -1 per published in Norfolk, Ya., speakn
 more than volumes of argument against
 the most infamous system of wrong the
 earth bears up. Mothers, sisters, daugh
 ters, read it then refuse, if you can,
 i to give your influence against a system,
 which makes merchandise of the virtue
 and beaut) of your sex:
 Notice. For sale a colored girl, of
 very superior qualijh atoms, who is now
 in Mr. Hall’s Jail in Norfolk. She u
 irhal Specalators tail a Raney Girl—a
 bright Mulatto, fine figure, straight
 black hair and very black eyes—re
 markably neat and cleanly in her dress
 and person. I venture to .*ay, that
 there is not a better seuimstr* &lt;s, cutter
 and fitter of ladies’ and children’s dres
 ses, in Norfolk or clsewhete, or a more
 fanciful knitter of bead money
 purses, kc.
 Any lad or gentium in in Norfolk or
 Portsmouth who may wish to purchase
 a girl of this dcscriolion, whom I con
 sider trie rno«t valuable in V irginia,;
 may lake her arid I'y l&gt;*r a month or
 noire nl my ruL, and if he dec* not suit
 and answer the description here giver.,
 may retura her to Mr. Hall.
 The cause of offence* for which I intend
 though reluctantly.) to sell her is that
 she has been recently seduced, by the
 persuasions of some colored persons to
 make her escape with them to the North
 in which she failed, and is now for sale.
 Apply to the subscriber, in Suffolk, or
 to James Murdaugh, K-»q. or C, C.
 Robinson, of Portsmouth, for further in
 formation. JOSEPH HOLLADV.
 Rrokek —This term was original!y
 aplied to those whose business it was to
 bteak packages and sell by the piece or
 less quantity; it afterwardscame to des
 ignate an agent employed by both buy
 er and seller, and is thus defined by the
 learned Trollope:—“ lie u one who
 steppeth in between two men making ft
 bargain, and plur.derelh both.
 for the Lazy.
 Pride may sometimes be a useiul
 spring-board to the aspiring, hut it is
 much more frequently a destructive
 stumbling-block.
 A new invention, at Philadelphia, is
 that of Hyalotype, or (be art of ta
 king portraits on glaae.’'—-From one.
 any number of pictures may be taken,
 and at tcaa expense and time than Da*
 guerre otyprng
"
