"PORT HER* TAMALLAOE.
 While feadirtg the ctmteult of your excel
 lent paper. the wish has ever been presen l
 with nV 1 that means might be devised
 by which to place it in every colored family
 in the non-slaveholding States; it seems to
 b’ well calculated to enlist their sympathies
 and to gam their confidence— two essentia)
 point* to be gamed in order to influence etthei
 for good or evil. The time most eventtialh
 Omrtc, when a paper edited and published In
 c &gt;lorc'l men, will cease to he regarded as at
 experiment of doubtful utility, or as an anoma
 1v in the literary world. Emanating from tht
 source it does, the North .Star'’ will have
 an important bearing upon the anti-elaverj
 cause and its influence will he felt in those
 C relea, which have affected to look upon tlw
 social, moral, and intellectual elevation of thr
 co’ored race, as a fanciful idea existing only
 in the restless brains of Northern fanatics.’
 Slaveholders and their apologias, v. ill con
 sider it beneath their dignity, to notice such a
 paper in any other way, than to give vent tc
 their spite against its authors and supporters
 but their vituperations will fall as harmless a.*
 snow-flakes on a winter morning. North
 ern fanatics,” thank fortune, are not dough
 faces,” to be frightened by Southern chivalry
 for this reason they are feared, as well a* ha
 ted by the South, and are tradueed by “North
 ern men (and women) with Southern princi
 ples, which, in obsequiousness to the slave
 power, rank next to overseen.
 They prate long and loud of their patriot
 ism, and of their devotion to their country
 while the seductive influence of Southern
 courtesy, without the temptation which led
 an Arnold to the commissi in of a lesser crime,
 leads them to surrender—not a part to King
 George, but their own manhood, and the in
 terests of the North, to the keeping of the
 slave power. If Arnold deserved the execra
 tion of his countrymen—“ Northern dough
 faces” deserve some kind of a compliment
 from their constituents, accompanied with jt
 free pass” into the shades of retiracy froirl
 public life. The South, like a petulent antlj
 exacting bride, says to the North—“ I shals
 do as I please and you will submit to md;
 caprices, or there will be trouble in the family;’:*
 while the North complacently replies—“ l
 will submit to anything, my dear, for the sake;
 of living with you;” and meekly assumes the
 duties of a subordinate. Is there not anti-sla
 very feeling enough at the North, if it could
 be faithfully represented, to effectually resist!
 the encroachments of the slave power? If)
 there is not, may the shades of the departed)
 heroes of the Rovolution, never revisit the
 earth, lest a knowledge of the regencracy of
 their sons should disturb their future repose.
 In the present position of political parties, it is
 impossible for the anti-slavery sentiment of the
 North to obtain a fair representation for the
 claims of humanity must be rudely thrust
 aside when they conflict wbh the interest, or
 endanger the success of a party. And never,
 until the North indignantly thrusts its con
 temptible dough-faces” from their seats of
 power, and commits its interest to the keeping
 of ru m who dare to be free—who scorn the
 low trickery of servile demagogues—and
 whose principles are strong enough to with
 stand the blandishment of Southern couite
 sy will the North emerge from a state of
 vassullage to the South and consign, if such
 a thing he possible, the emblems of its servi
 tude to oblivion.
 The slave toils on in his bonds, at times
 hopeless and desponding; again looking
 eagerly forward for b'tter days, as some tem
 porary mitigation of his wrongs leads him to
 look for justice from the hands of his fellow
 man. But will justice, be rendered while it
 can be withheld The domestic servitude of
 the South, finds a counterpart in the political
 vassallage of the North; and the existence' «;f
 the former seems to depend, in a great mea
 sure, upon the continuance of the latter.—
 Will the Southern slave be permitted to as
 sume his manhood before the Northern vassal
 becomes free When the North dares to be
 free—to assert and maintain its claim to equal
 rights and impartial legislation—then, the
 slave may look forward to a time as not far
 distant, when the fetters will fall from.his
 limbs and he will receive his manhood and
 his freedom—not as a gift from man—hut as
 rights belonging to him in common with all
 the human family. For this wc labor, feel
 ing fully assured that our purpose will be ac
 complished and that the repudiation of po
 litical vassallage by the North, will be the
 precursor of the downfall of domestic slavery
 at the South.
 HARRIET N. TORREY.
 Pakkman, 0., Feb. 37, 1648.
 ___
 Ror hkstkr, Feb. 14, 1811.
 The excitement that pervades our city on
 recount «f the sudden and singular disappear
 ance of Porter Pierce, one of our citizens,
 has awakened in me mingled emotions of
 gratitude and astouishmeut. I feel grateful to
 .our citizens for the involuntary burst of sym
 pathy, which discovers a holy feeling that
 -emanates from the fount of purity; but it
 speaks volumes that tell plainly that divine
 love in the hearts of many of us is in a great
 measure repressed. The apathy which has
 appeared to exist in our city, towards those
 ou whom wc, as a nation, are daily inflicting
 wrong and outrage, our victims at Mexico
 And in the Southern States, has not unfre
 ■quently caused me to adopt the language cf
 Cowper,” There is no fit sli m man’s obdurate
 heart,” arid almost makes me feel that it is
 impossible that we should be so enthusiastic
 in our sympathy for the sufferings of one
 family but it inspires me with a hope that
 Rochester will vet stand forth and raise her
 •voice for suffering humanity. I should have
 supposed that the feeling manifested on this
 occasion would have called out our loudest
 iterated and reiterated expressions of indigna
 tion and rebuke, through the length and
 breadth of the land, at the idea of our people
 making an unprovoked attack on Mexico, our
 sister Republic, and for the vile and exceed
 ingly sinful purpose of perpetuating slavery,
 and enlarging its domain thus sacrificing our
 fellow men by thousands, sanctioning rapine
 nod murder, burning the homes and destroy
 ing the lives and property of hundreds and
 hundreds of it* inhabitants, and crushing at
 once all their earthly hopes.. How bit that,
 with these appalling facts before our eyes,
 our fraternal .sympathies are not aroused;
 that, with the inibl, unresisting, forging,
 loving and holy example of Jesus, Christians
 do not see war to bo unholy, evd and only
t*if I im astonished beyond ottenaa
 I when the reality flashes before my raenta
 vision, that men, formed in the imageof Chid
 should deliberately march to the field of batik
 with the express intent of killing each other
 children of the some universal Father, whom
 command is, Thou shaft not kill tboo shall
 i love thy neighbor so thyself;** wjwfcas en
 joined it upon ns, through the meek and
 jto sly Jeaos, whose example Christians pro
 fess to follow, to do unto others ss we would
 others should do to*us.
 It is not strange, in my opinion, whet
 bloodshed and murder are sanctioned and en
 couraged by our President and Ministers ol
 j .State—by our Churches and professed Chris
 tians, that occasionally a single murder should
 ix- perpetrated. It would be strange were it
 not so in aoch a compact. What a world ol
 responsibility rests on the originators and
 conspirators of such high-banded sins, and ol
 those abettors who arc determined to go for
 their country right or wrong Do we expect
 to se? the heads of a family committing mur
 der, theft and robbery, and all the children
 living Christian live*? e do not. The
 examples and influence of those around us
 are great; there fore, it is the duty of every
 Christian, so long as such mns as war and
 slavery arc not-only tolerated, but held up as
 the basis of republicanism, to come out from
 amongst them and be separate, to partake not
 ;of their sins, lest they partake also of the
 (consequent) plagues. I hope, at least in
 view of the great sufferings of our own sex in
 consequence of these evils, the female voice
 :in our city w ill be raised against them. I call
 i on my sisters iu Rochester to be consistent.—
 You who arc so ready to lend a helping hand
 to relieve suffering in our midst; you who
 1 discover so much feeling for mothers whose
 children are snatched away by death—remem
 ber the exquisite sufferings of mothers, occa
 sioned by war and slavery; think of the
 heart-rending scenes now c onstantly occurring
 at Mexico think of the mothers at the South
 who have their children rudely torn from
 them by the man&amp;tealer, cruelly sold and sepa
 rated from them, and knowing they are to
 -drag out a miserable existence in bondage;
 remember that omission, as well as com
 mission, is sometimes sinful—remember the
 Words of Jesus, Inasmuch as ye have not
 done it to the last of these my brethren, ye
 have not done it unto me*’—let us remember
 that the poor as well as the rich, the bond as
 j w oll as the free, belong to tho sacred brother- i
 hood. Let us come to the aid of the few
 self-sacrificing, devoted servants of God, up
 and down in the land, who are giving their
 all on earth to the cause of suffering humani
 ty. In this way, even if we should not live j
 to see Christianity and humanity triumph, we
 1 shall at least have done our duty and improved j
 our own hearts; we shall have, at least,
 I sowed the good seed which will in time yield
 j a r c h harvest. Let us raise high our stand- j
 i ar ‘l) thus be a light to those around us
 j let us, indeed, prove the truthfulness of the
 [beautiful and thrilling motto of the North j
 i -Star, which ought to be emblazoned in letters
 of gold at the corners of our streets, that
 Right is of no sex—Truth is of no color— I
 God is the father of us all, and all wc are
 brethren.” s. d. F.
 Lowell, February 18, 1848.
 Fkisnxvb bm and Dklvny ;—I fully
 concur with friend David Ruggles, of North- 1
 ampton, in what lie says of the North Star, i
 in his loiter to you a short time since; and
 the last sentence I would reiterate—“ Let
 him who would be a slave refuse to support
 your paper.” There is much meaning in j
 that sentence. Who that has lived in our j
 country, and Ins felt the cruel shafts of pro-
 judice, and been shut out from society, and
 been denied the privileges of education, i
 and felt his manhood-insulted every hour, be-
 cause of his color, does not feci himself j
 enslaved 1 The peculiar auspices under i
 which your press lias been established, and 1
 the liigh-souled and magnanimous purpose of i
 our friends, both in this country and Europe, j
 to establish it for the elevation of the colored J
 men of the North, and the freedom of the
 slave at the South, supersedes all necessity j
 for the establishment of any similar press,,
 by our colored friends in this country and all
 of them who have a spark of genius or of j
 freedom to fire their souls, cannot help, 1 1
 think, reciprocating such a favor. Of those
 whose rights have never been fully obtained,
 but may be by the assertion of them, through 1
 this press of trans-Atlantic beneficence, who
 will not subscribe for the North Stfr
 I have for a long time subscribed for the
 Liberator, and shall continue to do so, so long
 as it continues to sustain the high moral prin
 ciple it always has sustained. But my con
 science would condemn me, if I were not
 giving equal support to the North Star.
 The prejudices of the American people
 can never be dissipated bv docility or appeals
 to their sympathy, but by absolute merit alone
 ef the colored people. It is business quali
 fication, professional skill, enterprise, perse
 verance, and high moral principle, which will
 command the respect of our enemies. The
 enterprise of a colored man is less appreciated
 than that of a white man but it is neverthe
 less true, that such enterprise wherever
 found, will force itself upon their recognition.
 In haste, 1 must conclude, bv saving of the
 l North Star, Let him who would be a slave
 i refuse to sustain it.”
 Yours for the progress of human Freedom,
 II W. FOSTER.
 P.S. Enclosed arc the names of some
 subscribers. I shall ere long send you more.
Buffalo, Feb. 23, 1548.
 Missus. Docclass A Dclasy —Gentle
 men—l feel that a few moments cannot be
 better occupied than to give you a sketch of
 the doings of tho present session of the Court
 of Common Pleas in this city. You probably
 recollect, on the 30th day of September last,
 of an unsuccessful attempt on the part of tw o
 bloodhounds from Covfegton, Kentucky
 named Wolf and Perry, the former I think
 very appropriate in this connection, to take
 away a young man from our city by the name
 of Webb, who has bmg been areskfem here,
 ths defeat of which depended solely on the
 energetic action of some of our citizens. On i
 the evening succeeding the arrest, a mass
 meeting was called, and a sen,, of spirited
 resolutions passed, sud a fund created to meet
 whatever emergency the nature of the r*ae
 demanded. After a full investigatMa of the
 subject, and the known violation of the law
 by two officers who assisted in making the
■j vrm of die alleged fagtthre, s sort waa m-
 E I stituted agafawt one-of the ofieen by Webb,
 and upon lea own responsibility, which
 i think displayed a eondenUe degree of man
 ly courage in bringing it to a final iaaee. TV
 case came off at this term. A (her nearly two
 days of iancaamg interest, it wfa brought to
 a dnee at 7 o'clock bat arming. A kurgr
 number of witnesses were examined on both
 sides. On the part of the defendants, them
 waa nothing wanting, co far as tact and cot
 mag, united with pro-slavery trickery and
 fake swearing, were concerned hot it faded
 j *»ke root in the mind of the court or jury.
 The plaintiffs counsel, Messrs. Cook A
 j Abrams, managed the case with much ability,
 portraying in giaruig colon the unwarrantable
 position of their opponents. In justice to
 IEH Cook, Esq., I would say, that his able
 defence I shall never forwet. After com
 menting upon the law or 1840, the duties
 there enjoined, and the liability of officers to
 severe and rigid punishment for acting as in
 this case, aside from it, his appeal to the jury,
 of the dangerous precedent of suffering such
 violation of law to go unpunished, leaving
 i the hunted fugitive alone to defend himself,
 31, d justifiable in such a case to strike the
 fatal blow, if necessary, to defend his per
 onal liberty, and the scorn and derision,
 which this government would justlv incur in
 the eyes of any of the inhabitants of mo
 narchial kingdoms of the old world, waa trulv
 an unanswerable defence, and more than mv
 pen can describe. The verdict of the jnry
 was $BO, damages, and all costa, of course,
 which swells the, expense to nearly two hun
 dred dollars, a well merited rebuke for a
 slaveboiding fee of some ten or twenty dol
 lars. The facts in the case, brought out by
 the trial of the guilty culprit, Jacob Emerick,
 has so implicated the other officer, J. T,
 Hathaway, that a suit has, or is about to be
 instituted against him, thus far terminating
 these acts of villany, and, I think, will settle
 it forever, so for as our city is concerned, in
 this branch of legal investigation, and one
 mole conclusive proof of the onward progress
 of the cause.
 Yours for the oppressed,
 A. H. F.
 We are very thankful to our ever-watchful
 and devoted correspondent for the foregoing
 letter. Its contents will cheei the hearts of
 the flying fugitives, and appal the blood
 thirsty kidnappers who howl on his track.—
 Editor.
February, 14, 1849.
 Mr. Editor I propose sending you,
 from time to time for publication, certain ar
 ticles, provided in the first place, you shall
 think them worth the printing and the room
 they occupy, and in the second place, that you
 do not feel ashamed of your humble corres
 pondent and his narpe. For this much I must
 arrange, that all my articles, or any part of
 them, shall appear over my own signature, it
 being an old family name, and I begin to feel
 that there is considerable nobility associated
 with it.
 1 have thought that much good might be
 done, by getting up a new system of Free
 masonry and Odd Fellowship, among the
 Darkies” and their friends of every name.
 I would have it in this way, somev, hat :—Let
 enquiry be made at once, in every city and
 town for blacks and mulaltoes, who are en-!
 gaged or would like to be engaged in carry
 ing on any of the branches of business, that
 are properly considered respectable, and when
 any such persons can be found, who will con- 1
 duct such business honorably and with advan-'
 tage to themselves, let them receive a deter- j
 mined, unceasing support, by giving them our
 custom and our influence. For example, I
 would have in every town, of sufficient negro j
 and abolition population, a full Nigger”
 merchant, even if it should require an exten
 sive copartnership, in order to make up an
 actual cash capital, to do business with, and
 I would adopt to the fullest extent, the cash
 system to render it safe, and to get all our peo
 ple as much as possible into the habit of keep
 ing out of debt. I would have in every city
 and large town, Negro Public Houses kept
 by persons of the first respectability and intel
 ligence, and affording the best accommodations,
 and 1 would take care to have them advertised
 all over the civilized world. I would have
 wholesale dealers in all the cities, as well as
 retail dealers of this class, and call on all
 newspaj»er editors professedly friendly, to ad
 vertise them and call public attention to them.
 I would fill the country as fast as possible,
 with every description of mechanics, and
 the blacker the better. I would have my
 friends become owners, as fast as possible, of
 the different kinds of water crafts employed on
 allttland and other waters. I would have
 every black or mulatto of genius or skill, as
 an artist, architect, mechanic, trader, or pro
 fessional man, carefully sought out and re
 commended to public notice and lavor.
 I feel confident that we have enough of
 talent and acquirements with ourselves, to
 carry out this, and many other and better
 plans for our own elevation and welfare, if we
 will only take hold in earnest. Perhaps it
 may be well for some one to get up in pamph
 let form, a kind of General Register of the
 names and location of such individuals in dif
 ferent parts of the country, as are now' so on
 gaged, or may be so hereafter.
 Every one, I think will see at once, how
 many openings fur respectable employment
 might be made in this way, as well as advan
 tages for acquiring trades ard professions for
 our young men, to say nothing of the influ
 ence it might have, in bringing black to be
 a more popular color.
 If this, my first effort should be well re
 ceived, you may expect to hear from me
 again.
 Your friend,
 TONY.
A UTTLE MORE PIETY.
 Drat Douglass :—A few days age,*l
 attended a Missionary Meeting in Rome, N.
 Y., where a resolution was discussed, in sub
 stance, like this 4 All that is necessity to
 make us more successful in making prose
 lytes of the heathen, is more piety.”
 My business there was to get a notice of
 an Anti-Slavery meeting read; bat 1 was
 told that they could not read it. They related
 some thrilling stories of the people in Bengal.
 One story that pleased the mismgrtsnes very
 much was, that some one, some where, si
 some tune or other, gave a Catholic girl a
 Bible, which she read with much pleasure,
a*tU km print kn aequaialed with the
 fiat, who nude her carry it kdt. This they
 thought wmm mptnknhle ris. Oh that
 I coaid find wards to express my indignation!
 Do they not know that every Bthle they hare
 handled wan they have been on their tauKica,
 has been to part purchased with the blood of
 the slave? And if they wen basest, they
 woaid write oa the ltd of every Bible, The
 price of the Mood and souls of those who are
 act allowed to read it,”
 Oh what a happyjpad of mtsskioaries and
 slaves, Dibles and handcuffs, Bible pedlers and
 moo pedfers, aO belonging to the same
 church! Of all the horrible things that the
 sun ever shone upon, a baby-stealing, woman
 whipping, man-murdering and war-making
 religion u the most horrible. These men
 are fearing scenes of suffering here at home,
 to go to a land where the mtroductioo of
 them would not for one minute be tolerated.
 One of the speakers asked hw hearers to read
 the 13th' chapter of Rev. He might with
 great propriety bate said the 18th. 1 beard
 another voice from Heaven, saying, Come
 out of her, sav people, that ye be not parta
 kers of her sins, and that ye receive not of
 her plagues; for her sins have reached unto
 heaven, and God hath remembered her iniqui
 ties, for trading in slaves and the souls of
 men.” Let us suppose those missionaries*
 wives and children were now clanking ticir
 chains in India. Would they tell us that they
 had business of greater importance than their
 deliverance from whips, and chains, and sla
 very, to attend to? Would they hail the man
 that held them as a good Christian and a
 brother
 Yours for the truth,
 JOHN S. JACOBS, j
ro tiie church members oi
 ROCHESTER.
 Friends and Fellow-Citizens:—l hav&lt;
 been led to address a few words to you, bi
 the Tery unaccountable position you now
 occupy, in reference to an agitation that it
 being carried on against the slave-system o
 this country. An organization, of which yot
 cannot possibly be ignorant, is in existence ir
 this city, for the purpose «f spreading correci
 views upon the extent of the crime, and thf
 best means to be used for its removal; anc
 you stand aloof from it, frowning upon it!
 efforts. You profess to dosire the welfare o
 your fellow-citizens you profess to be anxiom
 for the moral and commercial prosperity o
 your country; every first day of the week
 you pray for the salvation of the world. Yoi
 take the Bible for your guide, and profess t(
 take Christ for your example. God hatl
 made of one blood all nations of men, for te
 dwell on all the face of the earth,” is thf
 doctrine of the one; a life of antagonism tf
 every system of abuse, injustice and wrong,
 was the example of the other the Son ol
 Man came to preach deliverance to the cap
 tives, and the opening of the prison-doors to
 them that were bound; to comfort all that
 mourned;” and when an opportunity is af
 forded you of proving the sincerity of youi
 belief, and your readiness to follow the ex
 ample of your Master, you stand aloof, as
 uninterested and unconcerned spectators See
 to it, and that speedily for there is some
 thing rotten in the state of Denmark.”
 You well know that there are three mil
 lions of slaves in this free country three
 millions of your fellow-citizens are held ii:
 for no crime of which they have
 been guilty—for no offence which they have
 committed against the law of the land but
 simply and solely because their Creator has
 seen fit to give them a skin cf a different
 color from your own. For this heinous crime
 of color” these three millions of human
 beings are subjected, at every hour ol
 every day, to the passion, caprice and lust
 of their tyrannical masters—to every species
 of injury and degradation which it is in the
 power of a corrupted humanity to contrive
 and perpetrate. All other evils dwindle
 into insignificance in comparison with this
 mighty wrong. Realize, if you can, to youi
 own minds, what it is to be a slave. Think
 of the misery and anguish of soul which
 such a state must inevitably entail upor
 its sufferer. Think of the insulted honor,
 the disgraced humanity, the degrading sub
 jection, and miserable subserviency of a state
 of bondage! Think of the whips—the chains
 —the thumbscrews, that are needful to keep
 the slave in submission! Think of the
 ravished affections—the broken hearts—the
 outraged feelings of the victims of slavery
 Bring all this to bear upon your mind, if it ii
 possible for you to do so, in the force of a
 living reality, and what a picture of horroi
 presents itself before you But multiply thu
 by three millions, making a slight deductior
 for the number of those who are not galled b\
 their chains, and have become degraded iutc
 human brutes under the influence of the in
 fernal slave system; and a little further de
 duction for the few who have kind and indul
 gent masters, and have little to complain oi
 in regard to their bodily, howeveT degradec
 may be their mental condition and whai
 mind of man or archangel is there that ii
 capable to conceive of the immense amount
 of wretchedness and degradation that is sum
 med up in the words—Three Millions oi
 Slates? Stretch your imagination to the
 very utmost—fear not that you will overcoloi
 or exaggerate the dreadful picture summor
 up in sad array, all the scenes of oppression
 wrong and outrage, of which you have bcei
 witness, and of which you have read; heap
 them all up into one vast mour:tam-ma&amp;s o
 misery; and yet bow far will your utinosi
 efforts of thought flag behind the fearful
 reality Three Millions or Slaves Ofc
 it is impossible to realise the magnitude am!
 monstrosity of the sin of Ame rican Slavery'
 It is a sin which is crying, in thunder-tones,
 to Heaven for vengeance which is even cow
 bringing upon this guilty nation a fearful
 retribution of corrupting influences and de
 graded morality; which has stirred up a war
 of conquest against a sister republic, and hai
 left the inhuman and unchristian spirit ol
 war raging in the hearts of the people. D»
 guise the truth as we may— shot our eyet
 against the feet ss we may; suit the truth ia
 certs is —the feet m apparent as the sus a!
 Boon-day, that the moral sentiment of the
 Americas people is making making* ondei
 the blighting eurae of Slavery.
 I ask you, Caa you, ss men, approve ol
 this inhuman system Can ym, ss Chris
 tians, sanction this crying iniquity Dora
 your interpretation of the mind a jnstOud
y&lt;* that portion *f the human
 Mad to perpetual sohjneHao,
 tobberj nd bondage I Nv* your answer
 to these quetkot. Too aril! at Obc* and an.
 hesitatingly my, that yon helirv* the mind «i
 God to he ncne to aB sin Ibt the man whc
 jnmnnatee against Christianity, that it io any
 measure sanctions slavery, must be gteady
 ignorant of ita first pnaciplee. Christianity,
 yoa will say, teaches the equality of tht
 entire human family; it stakes no distinctive
 of place or eomplexioo, bet is s message oi
 merry to all mankind. Ton beKcve aS this:
 you trill say all this; you trill perhaps say
 more than nil this: many, if not all of you
 trill say, that sJav%y is a great evil and a
 grievous oObnce against the divine bur, am
 ought to be abolished. But when you havr
 said thn. which, he it is rarrft
 a spontaneous expression of your thoughts
 but is, u it were, dragged from you, more it
 the form of a confession, than ss the fret
 utterance of a genuine sentiment, —yon tliiul
 you have done all that duly requires of you—
 all that Christianity requires of you nevei
 putting forth the slightest effort to remove th&lt;
 evil—to correct the offence; and not unfre
 quentiy seriously quarrelling with those win
 are more zealous than yourselves.
 But perhaps you will still offer the exrusi
 A limping all this to be true, we are no
 to blame; we do not commit the sin if wt
 do little to prevent, vre do nothing to promoti
 it; the sin of slavery lies not at oar door: w&lt;
 hate it, and would not under any circum
 stances be guilty of it.” It is a principle ii
 common law, as if is in Bible law, that th&lt;
 accessary in crime is held equally guilty will
 the principal. It is allowed «&gt;u all bauds that
 if the different religious denominations wer
 I to do their duty—were to act up to their be
 1 lief, the downfall of slavery would be ccrtaii
 —would be speedy. It is also sometime
 asserted, that if the Abolitionists did ro
 occupy the position which they do, and ha&lt;
 allowed the religious public to take th:
 foremost place in this movement, Slaver
 I would by this time have ceased to exist
 Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee
 thou wicked servant.” If you could have re
 I moved the a in, and did not, at whose doo
 does it lie 1 The fact that there is anothe
 force in the field—which has been in the fiek
 j for years, and has fought many a hard batik
 j with the upholders of this system, docs in m
 way excuse yon from doing your part in tin
 struggle. Does your mcrul obligation cease
 simply because you choose it should cease
 Rather, are you not grievously guilty ii
 permitting this sin to'continue a single dai
 after the time when you have the power t(
 forbid its existence. And have you not beet
 adding, year after year to the amount of vow
 responsibility and crime
 If one were to see an incendiary about tt
 set fire to his neighbor's house, would it b&lt;
 0 7
 enough for him to say, I could save that house
 j from destruction, its owner from ruin, ar.d
 possibly some of its inmates from death it is
 I a grievous wrong—a great evil! would it
 j were not so! If one were walking by the
 highway, and heard the cry of Robbers!”
 and had a moral certainty that his interference
 1 would have the effect of preventing a robbery,
 could he be guilty of the dastardly conduct of
 w ithholding his assistance Yet worse than
 this—more dastardly than this—a thousand
 times more grievous than this, is the sin ol
 I the American churches. Three Millions
 of men and women are being roblred ever)
 day—robbed of themselves ar.d all they hole
 dear—robbed of their minds—of their very
 j humanity. The American churches could
 j prevent this and —rniralik &lt;?i&lt; tu! they sit
 I down in holy composure, some of them lifting
 up their eyes to heaven, and piously ejaculat
 ing—“It is a grievous wrong—oflbuce
 against the law of God—would It were abol
 ished!” while other some hold out the hand ol
 fellowship to the slaveholder, who is spotted
 j w ith the blood of his scourged and dripping
 j victim, and welcome him us a Christian and a
 j brother!

 All your excuse and pretences are but
 cloaks to cover your sin—even the sin ol
 1 slaveholding. There’s an Achan in your
 camp. Slavery is among you. You have
 eaten of forbidden fruit, and it is poisoning
 your entire system, working death to your
 1 churches, and disgrace to Christianity. The
 salt hath lost its savor, and is henceforth fit
 for nothing, but to be cast out and trodden
 under foot of men.” Christ carne to save
 men from the curse of sin, by removing the
 cause of the curse—namely, sin itself; but,
 instead of following liis example, you are
 giving the sanction of bis lugh na.nc to the
 most abominable, iniquity, by receiving the
 guilty slaveholder into your fellow ship. Your
 teachers may tell you, as some of them do,
 that to attempt the abolition of slavery is a
 Utopian scheme, without rationality or
 feasibility;” the}' may even allege that thpy
 know nothing about such a scheme—that
 they have barely heard of its existence, and
 know nothing whatever about its agents. If
 there be any such, as 1 understand there are
 those among your teachers who profess this
 utter ijjuoru-.' of what is g* g on in the
 world around them, I woqkl simply ask, How
 come they to occupy the portion they do'
 What, in Heaven's name, do they profess to
 teach Is it mathematics, or astronomy, or
 astrof&lt;*gv, ct some other of tbs sciences*
 Certain am I that they eanfiot teach Chris
 tianity that is fencthirg which i« uot yet
 dreamed of in their hy. They may
 be as rigid is their enforcement cf the obliga
 tion of the Sabbath, as the most exemplary
 Jewish adherent to the law' of 3Loses; they
 may ding to the doctrine of predestination
 w ith a more thsn Turkish fatalism they
 may hold to the belief of the eternal damna
 tion of three-fourths of the human family,
 with a firmer than death’s grasp they may
 be able to split doctrinal hairs with the mo*t
 perfect nicety, as if with the aid of a moral
 microscope all tins is no p*rt of Christian
 itv—it has nothing to do with Christianity
 it is a mere college theology, of which they
 may have a perfect knowledge, without in
 any measure following the example of Christ.
 There m a revival among you—of, as it a
 called, an outpouring of the Spirit—a great
 work being done—a »1 taking among the dry
 bones. Would God that it were ro would
 that there were a revival of true religion, not
 only Rochester, but in every city, town and
 village of thin slavery-blasted laud! would
 that there were a mighty iscrease m the num
 ber of those who possess the spirit of Christ
 —-that spent without which ye an owe of
 his* spirit that would lead vow to sacrifice
 m
all—to suffer all, firlhesake of principle— j
 spirit, by the help of which te would both act
 and fed the extent of par oWigatym ami
 par duty. la rdtwwcc to poor arc
 hoaod frikm-citiuras 1 WoaM that then
 were a shaking aw nog the dry bears, for they
 Me v*tj maay and they we eery dry. TV
 ■eo! ha* departed from the churches—then
 fife fled. The watchmen watch m raw;
 for they ratae not the wn sf warn®* at tl*
 approach of danger. They are greedy
 that will not bark, given to slumber.” Thcv
 are hirelings that care not for the »W xhry
 are comiptod with the hire cf gain—erased
 with the greed of gold—-cariug for the fleece.
 A church is led by such men cancel *rm
 the woild-4t cannot save itself. It is a*
 •tubble in the moral field, which is fit ooly tc
 Ip.* burned. It is a church which unless tS..
 speedily repent ami prudi.ee the fruits of re
 peninnee. is doomed to d, Ktructaon, and tba
 at a not distant day.
 Awake, ere it bo too late, to a sense o
 your duties and your privileges? Shak
 yourselves free from the curse of slavery
 Show that you are indeed what yon pwfes
 yourselves to be—the fidiovrers of Christ—tlx
 determined and unflinching enemies of all sin
 Rous%you to the glorious conflict with vice
 error and ignorance! If your Christianity
 does not teach you to do this, it is a poor am
 spurcur Christ anity; it is not the Chris
 tianity of Christ, not that of his apostles
 nor that of many of the faithful ram in late
 ages, who have finished their course and kep
 the fuilh; and to whom the words may 1*
 addressed—“ Serv ant nf G*d, well done
 Share in your Master's, p.y
 Vour mest sincere well-wisher,
 j J. D.
 Rochester, Marrh 1, IS-19.
 Kf’The Cleveland Plain Dealer, (Dem.
 is out in favor of abolishing slavery in tb
 District of Columbia.
1 O.'i.hLßl lAL.
Rocßesteh. March 2. 184,'.
 Wheat is firmer than last week, at $1 25; Li
 there is little coming to market.
 Some small lots of Flour hare teen sold at price
 ranging from i&amp;o 50.
 There has been a lifeline jn Barley; buyers wi
 not pay more titan 50 cts. p.cr l&gt;u.,h: I.
 The Wheat crop, in this region, it is ex|iccte
 will be considerably injure,l ly the unfaverah!
 winter, 'file same eause, to a cousi Icnil.le extent
 lias operated lujuiietwly at llie West.
 Rochester Wholesale Fiices Current.
 FI.Ot’R A.\D MEAI —Duty 20 c art val
 Flour, 18 bU 5 00 ft 1 5 50
 Com meal, {f bosh 56
 PROVISION’S—Duty; Beef,Poik,lT;nnB, Bacon,
 Butter atui I aril, 20 jfc; Cheese 30 ip cml val
 Pork, (mess) .1150 ft 12 50
 Do. in Ikg 5 00 &lt;fr 5 50
 Beef, cw t. 400 4 50
 Do. hi t (mess) 700 ft 800
 Lard (tried) lb 7j ft 8
 Do. (leaf.) 8* ft 10
 Hams, (smoked) 7 ft S
 Mhoulici f, do 5 ft 6
 Turkeys fb 7
 Chicken* 7
 Par a toes, Iwsh 50
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 (f e ail val
 W heal, bush 1 25
 Com 37 ft 44
 Rye 00
 Oats .34
 Bariev 50
 HIDES—Duty 5 cad val
 Slaughter 34
 Calf ..8
 Sheep Pehs 75 ft 1 00
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 18 c; Mustard 20 if
 c a,t val
 Clover 4 50 #5 5 50
 Timothy 125 ft 2 50
 Flax 1 25
 FlSH—Diifv nn foreign caught; 20 cad ml
 Whitehall l&gt;bl 750
 Codfish nvt 4 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Sait, if lei in
 Apples, 18 lush ..81
 Do. dried 56 ft 63
 Egg*, if dost ..12
 Beans, W*h 87 ft 1 O')
 Hay, 18 10 00 ft 12 50
 Hard wood 300 4 00
 Sufi wood 2 75
 Nrw Yonu, March 1.
 Afltes—•»!»•* old Pot* at f 5 94; Pearls f 8 25.
 Cotton steady and in fair demand.
 Flour ami Meal—The market for flour firm; en
 (juiry fair, but in consequence of the firmness of hny.
 err, the *ales are moderate. Males some 2000 bids.
 Meal in fair empory, an I sales 1,200 bbl» Jcrsei
 iiave Stce.i made at £2 st»i for export.
 Rye Flour $4.
 Grain—Demand for Wlieat good, ami hi.Her*
 firmer—for prime Genesee fcl 40 wit* bid; stilt*
 30U0 im. inmkcd Ohio, g mxl, at g 1 32.
 The denial. 1 for com was moderate, a*d hol ier*
 were asking ratiier letter prices* Tim sales are
 £O,OOO I hi. at st/fi o 7 for vullow, and 60ftt&gt;I for prime
 wfiite.
 Rye is held at f*V-: Oats are plenty and firm;
 sabs Northern at 47ft'48 cts.
 Little Unity idler ing,
 Provision*—Poik quiet, hut steady rales 4 t
 500 I,Ms mess at £lO ,V). Prime 50.
 Beef 5 2f &lt;©6 gH 2yfcB.
 l-ird is u ih sales 203 bids part at 8c; sas
 Pickled Meats at 34 U!kl 6 cts to arrive.
 Putter aid Cheese firm. Sales 12,000 l! m prime
 Tallow at 8f c, cash.
 Oils—Enghsh lanscetl i* quiet at 61ft65; Amen
 ran is 65ftt6 cts.
 Meeds—sales 100 Mils Penn. Clover have been
 irwdsat 74 Rough Flax held at hi 45.
 BRIGHTON CATTLE MARKET.—Feb. 2S.
 At market, 306 Ps.tf CuUfr, 415 Mitrrp anti lautla
 and 320 8 a :ut.
 Beef Cat tic—A few extra at £7; lirvt
 c ff~o 50—second do 5 25ft 5 75; third do £4 7
 Mhcej-—2, 3, 12 and S 6 25.
 Mwiiic—At wholesale 4i; selected lots 4*®si'-.
A rAft 31 FOB SALK,
 A TARM roniaifiih*' 110 arrr,, vifiwte in Chili,
 fW'fc** thr t~* line of the&lt;,*«&gt; of Korh
 erter, (btit- r«*»tiieix r.f John f). Gui ne%
 firirt l»»&gt; t* f u» nasonsd.l*, and ink
 It mil Le *«&gt;M u ijHluTuf ilni Va toroir pur« har'-t».
 ir»4«oU it *ill \m rented ft.,™ die 1-t «f Apr.]
 Fur iartLrr fsiin alrf. ewft«rr of
 JJfc.NJ VMIN IL-H.
 Frh. n. im tf W ,wt
 uxiver.se cooking stoves.
 j lIK SWnci ile-t are rna.Mi 6mr%minr Uti, irtvalaj y
 A Au.we, Mer l Ccatl or
 111 Vii 4*l*t Koff ftw illf'MCrti,
 “T* 1 plnlenophij print .ok*.
 Ihe k'aiHl by b&gt;&lt; air, (Ike only bt a»r «*mi
 erer pat-io-',) an.l to W(
 •m l*irk IV «4e o«U hr ti*- vmitnirwA.
 nhoimaJe and rct**i, U, Lv,h*»*t JW*.
 If. Bt'SH k CQ.
 P*? T AND WILL*, fWW, in Heii
 t***’ IVswtalr, IH« »lf*, I'nnu, Vurnnii,
 I-re, Bruahe., perfjemy,
 nf l Owm*a» (Wom, A&gt;U*U‘
 LtiMitJ 0.1, GulJ
 LtiUaui k-". kr.
 cefafortti pawJH
 *»I vakulAe Patent Me.iiriara, m t|i
 &lt;“m the SLurufc. tnrer. o, the* A-tar,
 dry are ckJAm! l/» •tuipH all order* a ■»hri-».*Se
 k»ln-*ul, rtlr M ,M i*twn»W« wow,
 CU*«, wok bit JewiMi, (My far WV
 w» New l«rk. 1
 iirii^JSr*
 fW|m G**j db» C&amp;eml Oa an f Ijmrm. for
 At tiuur. Hm« «hr&gt; n&lt;4) ««nit ero
 w k»H»&lt;i l» tIWM-C ifay
 £*3»* TV attntka of tWary Merrfcanf-. Pb*.
 t»J alnr*, «i4iw »rmtlr it tie
 |M» V i.e rhr APtrrHECARi!»
 n.U4n E«Vwp iSutrA.
'OWE* TOEBIS* CITT BTSPEITT.
 Turnwm. !■»»!&gt;■&gt;mt anaat*.
 Mr, MORfifri «a« M «l Mr. Marru
 H«nr (uf term )mt, *9! mmi-yg ik»t time
 pr&gt;jr«rr«l £*r Kim t)»r» (%w ?,r itw W«
 Emm «f B&gt;»4 Bindmgr nkilmd at ik M«-
 Fair* kit in tJ»»* rrty ami
 (Wrmw't Uhrurm fsttr-!- up anf r*p*»»rf:
 Viirir Pufff win!; Maair and Pniniicali ImmJ
 ami ImM fc» am paltam. iVWk Acti an &amp;«4i
 ewmrl at thw r*tablirhrni&gt;t ba*f jjjwn napiJinl
 aafinfin-tioa, In H»cir dr-jail’"*} ai*l ei«-»**r*. ?Unt
 atintfra I* i!min r*»&lt;l tfcr ijnahtY &lt;*f pij# »a*d,
 to rawiarlfcri* «ipl (W brat m it* I nilwi Statoa
 imftuitf-f*.
 LmlirV Sct* c and c«*r.l B-rt*. UrJW &gt;rd
 P- rtfc in aw tbrir Taii.-’wr, uanaSitnadl ta
 ortW-r in (tw Inna W*ir.
 I -!:HKin&lt;, s*. k.r sat l«
 w*wn! if :L fain-’ dear ea dr »«*1 a*'*JU.UgeM»
 tM*»
 tirr-tk «n rran.in? at a «!**tanor. H j wl m# ami
 a '.imnr* to Ifce al. »rr din&lt; ti-'» n«
 purr m' &gt;';lr,eny n N if» e ibrii Irirj »H( U.-&lt;ik 1
 firrinaUr ttms, IWI rmUdhr aal
 I |*i «-tn;,!lv rrti rw!.
 j y-B- D«i' n&lt;f rw t. t !v*« rp-rroi! no in
 httn-s «p Ur- e*tw! hUnarm, ml intrm uonf ini
 I O r t 2? ew !aU»t inn tttbCtU u*
 i Umutag.
 owr\ morris,
 4 Fin w&gt;. rf ihr \ii.M.ur’-
BIiSIOX ADVLRTISLHLYrs.
 C LARK SO N*
 LOXI'ON EDITION—WITH H&gt;RTnAIT.
 AKK.W copies of IT.VRkSON’S H|&gt;|'OUY
 OF THE AHOUiIO.N OK THE SLOC
 r 1 RADE, with frvfatoiv rmnU on U&gt;»- iu! m&lt; ucct
 aUdition of Sbvcrv a L. mlcm edition.
 1 with a line Pm trail ol' thr Aittin.r, Uoik- mi itret.-«
 hook wh en runll m t K imjaaJr.l ft.r s* than U'iea
 dt.’Wf, can la- at 21,C«*i.!iJl, if fcr
 ironic liatek.at tK verv L« pike nfOn 'ton ir,
 r c.i.*h. A Kl UM.'ll M &lt;i\ t LlkkSON, bf
 Vt-iAiMil.t; t. Kl tULLI,aI the retilCftl |iti(« ol
 l twelve and a I,jifcent*.
 ROBERT MORRIS, J*.. Atiomrv *,«t w .b.
 «*"IW at Law, Email's Kntklieg, Scute Sticct.
 TOSITII 11. 'll 111 IN wink! invite the sMcods*
 t) of hi* friend* and the iw lilir t&lt;&gt; i» tUI.L EK
 KIAN (i.l I J.LRI At*. 12S, //#i %'tr wirer#
 he pledge* liiiux &gt;l to cracute Mm;..tun* uiu a !iiu_
 like finish, ami on as model ale te.ms a* auj cUiti*
 t the profession.
 MAI ON l». AI.KEN, Ain iimv *ihl i'ovi.Mllut
 at Lin, MioiatiuKtl* Block.
 I?O VS’ CLOTIN NG.
 OAMVF.K WH.SOX, 14, BmttV Street, liaring
 Omulc recent in lit ion* to hi* stt ck. is pi&lt; j utetl to
 furnish BOVS’ l LOTH IMS, of as .i ii.ataiial
 and lit, and at as cheap ptites, a* cau be dtuiiiCu .a
 city.
 IvEW i "T \Mi sH t'M) HAND
 s CIA/J HTNG STORK,
 No. .V, Cxio* StKi.F.T, Bovro*.
 JOHN W till HIT keep* conitantlv cn Lund a
 great vat i, tv ot Ni w and S» ccrol Hand Clothing.
 I of all kin is, such as old clothes, .1. spun's,
 M .itches, limits at »l Shi rs", sic., exchanged t&lt; r itawr
 clothing. Cash a a need on uli knal* of g m!&gt;,
 f from one to one hundred dolLu s.
 T OIIN H. If L\ A LEON', Hair Cutties; Salvm,
 and Pcrfumsiv Emporit i&gt;\ 114, Riarkstoos-st.
 TV/I LIAM Kl! 11. Hair IWing ami I’atUaj
 VV Saloon. Truv IB use. True. New \i.rk.
mvf YOUK £DV ERTIMOEATS.
 PHILIP A. U HUT, Druggist,mmir o! Freak*
 li it ami CjuL! St;itt.
 TITILMAM S. POWELL, Sailor’* Homa. €l.
 Ihcirj' Stmt,
 DU. J. M’CLAE SMITH, S 3, Weal Broad
 n ay.
 r P JIAMXGS, SiHg(.'i&gt;n-I)ciitiit, IS3, Aoiiii
 A Broadway i
 Merchant Taibr, WG Bmad-
 Vf wav. Also mi extensive assortment ol Ciavata,
 Stia ks, lb miry, Gloves, &amp;,c.
 Albany, I’cb. 11, lb ltl.
 (JENTKEL HOARDING llO|7si~
 T*IIAIU.ES I Ilf JHCJ ATE, would respectful’-,- in*
 '-'lini.i hi» friends an I the public, Unit he i.liiiuea
 to devote every alt, uti«.n t&lt;&gt; tfn.se pleasci to fa,or
 hi.&lt; la nic’ with a cult. Plic blouse is i L areally
 located at 652 Broadway, Albany,
 Ft b. 1% lcU@.
 NORTIIAMITON WATER COE.
 f ril K under .ugucil, gratefully appreciating the credit
 1 gem.r&lt; mly aw..n.ed by a discerning public to Ins
 so-as a Hydropathic Prut-tit it m r, would rat*
 peetli ily inf. rm the fii. n.’s ~f Hjdiopiiljiy, tfmt J, M
 establishment is plem-antly situated near Her souvilU
 on tin- west bunk of the lurking Water, or Mil
 Kiver, about two and a half niiVs fioni the cuitie
 of the town. It is thirty-six by seventy feet; three
 stories high, with a piazza on the south fi Tocre
 are separate parlors, bathing mi l dressing room*, for
 laities and gentlemen. There me also live ity I Hiding
 rooms, earn of which is well vrotiluted and con
 veniently turimhcd for tlie itcroHmiodiilion of ts»
 jiersone. Among tbe variety of baths in (lie i,sla*
 blislmient arc, the plunge, ‘douelie, ibciiih**, and
 s|»r;iy Isiths. 'Pie* ladies’ plunge is six by ten feet,
 three and a hall deep; tlie gentlemen**, eigl t by
 twelve, three and a hall deep. Then- are al: two
 eold douches, one of which is situated a mile, aa. I tbs
 otherhsilfa mile from tlie establishment. Tin former
 Jins a fall of twenty-two lect, tlie bitt- r eighteen.
 Ihe scenery ill this Vicinity is pictiut'fU|iie and
 romantic. There are a rain-ty of pjh&gt;»aiit walks
 passing miir and t. spun#* of pure wafer. The
 walks arc sufficiently retired to allow vnf' oitre
 patients to i.| j -ir as tiny slH.nl.’, i’ni.dy dicssetl,
 enjoying tin ir rouble*, without bo;r g to
 public gaze or ob-ci ration. Sis.ee exj. lienee,
 I ,or bw- ,Jf three y. are, l as strengthened Ins opinion,
 llutt the condition ol tin- skin clearly i,hi it alls u, u
 i character iJ many di»r,tn and ;1 r „t ia.d.tV/y
 jof an invalid to i iir the water li.jfifw-itt in its
 vam tis lor ms also the IM-Cctmily o| applying tbs
 dry woollen hianket, or tlie wi t duet, to roiuoto
 t-vuporati .-i or a sweat, when either in;n urce*-
 rary and ftom result* übn h have smewled h aj ;h
 -mdn.n of tin* trcutmrif, Ik- hesitates nut to »a that
 tlw* e/o trn symptom «.l the rSnn i slicate* utrtit y i f
 and that an invalid, whoe skin is rot uttendt-d
 with this symptom, cannot Is* *»frlv or successfully
 trente.l with water. Among tLr o ni; kuirts rvlvi.u
 are here siscessfully tr»-..t&lt; *l, are pidusa try affection,
 liver cetm-kiints, ji.ineliee, arete nr do m ic inlhox
 mation of the Is.wels, piles, «’yspepsrn. gro« ml dr-
 I ility lien oils mj-l spinal wJh rtio.is, lod-iiiinatmv
 or chionie rl.einnal.-in, isuialgia, nii.lkn, bm»
 limbs, pjralysis, livers, salt 1 1 cu.e, m and
 .-i-ysiis fas humors.
 Ml pite iKs who visit Uii» td',!,.U rl fiir as
 c-.ui d lir a tus&gt;nt, .bsiU iuriod ija-Hi.eUe* ml e
 thrii- t "ifci: 1.-. t-k shir.- w«c,f*. f Idut-k .cue burn
 ;i" i •.it o *'e-&lt; piHow, rases, six cre»l«
 tow l l, unuyr well linen L. cut Cat ns tatsoca,
 an old el.fttk or mantle, u.sl a -vimct
 T ni'c fiir tref tme t an 1 U aid are f' SO r#r
 e, e. k fcir lie *c wlm or. nf y r.s.m* on tf e ihj,,; (U* i
 ion the first ami n-ri.u-l tftf prr vttk’
 j pajabk weekly; washing ixtia. A p ot, im*
 to m f imire or m-er/.ity, .s'ruj i,. a r.s m al- no, u
 In- third ihs-r, v. sSi f»y 00 fir week; in i,-«.
 £rs» am I »e*-.asl U&lt;&lt;.r», jtf jej week. Inv-jh a
 who air so 1.-, bl as p. tael 01, a attention end f..t
 in lls'ir i.sn s, (exi.yt fi&lt; tw.'biag wi’l
 pcruwe Ilatir owu anise* aurt fuel, m f»y an tiai
 ptsec.
 D. Ilt tiCiLES.
 A .rthmmjjt-n, A»f. K47*
 y.n. n. afiJ.ete.l, i]r*,i..ts» hf ie? rv ooi -e,!
 retptrd to rtu-.r roinj l.ii-vts, ;nI t 4 .eel |tf;» rf ft
 aospteosM m the »*(o cmr m their |nfts il f
 ra»&lt;, »h&gt;aiid rah T«m!ay« awl ft k ys.
 iwitrtMKCwt my be oltaiuw) vl Ike tiU*
 bltxhuttrnl.
 \yiUJASI n. I/XiAV, Idraler w Fast hand
 V* Bool* are* tUuar*, Pur.has. v tre ew
 Bs.lt.fil,
 w U. L. I* (a emMoiiilr on hau l a good
 aj.l mil y riawp k-a ea.ih. ,Sbs t atu-mi.*
 fdrl t curtun wadt wytk, I Messrs, Parke# sad
 Hurt,.
 lWwsrron LaJkrt,
 M *.4t Huecl, tUlr«g*s tfcarklw#*# UwtJord,
 Co— ll-ttrsi:.
 THE DELAWARE AW&gt;MTIoMt*T.
 k FAFEIt the aia.ve samwc I# pul s»*ksd ,a
 WiUi«t!ie, Is tkr fkL-w.ir W. v atsi,
 rtnriHv It I- e*#.u*» &gt;v a« easistu f
 tar jsttakel rrs a btH a* 'mm* *hwi, at iwrety
 te a# f« jerf, vt fe &gt;«u4pUr uMsir, li w iUI«
 dstutsl V, i—irit*ts*» i» .wa.s, awl a til ad
 yo ate a* ws—Hphshweiit by aN lawfjl umxt*. ft
 s.miwHntl4y, if W(u Jtr J.
 (ut+tJ, as w'Ua the was* ran l» tis.w.l.
 lAJ4PS it
 Fakhskro;
"
