"From tin* National Er*
 Letter from J. Borrttu
 The foltowm* letter from J M- I arTel
 present* a verv different view ot the eharae
 tet of tbe people o» Spartanburg from »b*t
 generally entertainer!. Mr. Barrett, we learn,
 is on the way home. Ed. Era.
 Spartxsburo, October 8. 1849.
 Mr Editor: The Court of “Common
 Plea**’’ for Spartanburg district has just cloe-
 ed its session for this season, and the rusty;
 hinges of my prison bolts have grated harshly
 upon my ear»;for the last time. lam now at
 liberty, and there is not manifested by the,
 great mass of the community the least dispo
 sition to treat me even disrespectfully. Those
 men who had banded themselves together in
 this place under the term “Safely Committee
 and who, in order to keep themselves “safe"
 from ihe action of the law against them for
 their lawlea&gt; conduct, have proclaimed them
 selves “above the law and who, fiom the
 time they cast me into prison up to the mo
 ment appointed to rush me through the forms
 of a publiu inai, had kept every instrument
 in motion to excite the country and bring the
 people up to the level ol then own fanaticism
 and cruelty, have had the tables most com
 pletely tarned upon them.
 The yeomanry of the land came up to Court,
 from the different parts ot the district, wnh a
 stern rebuke to the spirit of disorder written
 on their faces.
 Instead of being prepared, as my enemies
 had vainly hoped, to act against me with the
 injustice of an excited populace, some of them
 were importunate that 1 should turn upon my
 pursuers, and give some of them a chance to
 occupy for a season the same dark hole into
 which they had so wantonly thrust rue The
 truth is, the great heart of the honest and
 Considerate portion of this community heal in
 sympathy with my wrongs. They saw the
 base injustice that had been dene me, and
 were willing and even anxious that reparation
 should be made.
 These manifestation.*-, were not to be mista
 ken by the Safety Committee.” When
 ■they saw all lioj&gt;es of wreaking vengeance
 upon me for the fancied injuries of the North
 had vanished, they took counsel together as
 to what was to be done, and determined that
 my case should not be tried during the pres
 ent session that,if necessaty, certain of the
 worthy brotherhood should go before the
 Court and make affidavit that, in ihe cased
 the said J. M. Barrett, there was some im
 portaut testimony that, during the whole
 summei they had been slandering and perse
 cuting him, they had riot been by any means
 able to raise, and that, therefore, they were
 not at present prepared to try the ease, anc
 they must have six months longer to get thai
 important testimony.
 There is much more yet which in a shor
 time 1 hope to give to the public. MeanwhiU
 1 hope you will be kind enough to publtsl
 this hasty sketch. I start for home in a few
 moments. J. M. Barrxtt.
 From the Loudon Advertiser.
 American Slavery,—Wm. Wells Brown.
 Last night a public meeting was held in the
 Borough road Chapel, Southwark, oil the
 subject of American siavery, arid to receive
 Mi. W. Wells Brown, an American fugitive
 slave. The Rev. Mr. Stevenson, minister ot
 the chapel, presided. The meeting having
 been opened with prayer, and the Chairman
 having addressed the meeting at some length,
 Mr. Brown, having been introduced by
 Mr. Thompsen, M. P., then came forward,
 and was received with loud cheering. He
 said, everything around him made him feel
 that in England he was a free man. He was
 there to-night what he could not be in tbe
 United States, lor lie felt that, until he arri
 ved in England, he was nut a man according
 to their law He never saw a day in Ameri
 ca in which be was m t liable to be arrested
 and carried back into slavery. People in this
 country had no idea of what slavery in Amer
 ica was. People in America graduated from
 public institutions, and earned their diplomas
 in their pockets. He had also graduated, bul
 he carried his diploma on his back. He had
 carried away with him, riot the stars of iht
 American Union, hut the stripes. He thank
 ed God he had the opportunity of advocating
 in this country the cause of his oppressed fel
 low slaves in America. He would now read
 to them, he said, smie extracts from a paper
 in St. Louis, in tlie city which lie had the
 pleasure of saying he ran away from.
 (Laughter.) Having read those extracts for
 the put pose of showing the enormous otuel
 ty practised on the slaves—even to the ex
 tent of burning them to death,
 Mr. G. T hompson said that he happened
 to be acquainted with the circumstances oi
 the horrid case alluded to, that of a slave be
 ing burnt to death, and he could state thai
 when the parties, who had been engaged u
 the norrible atrocity, were indicted lor the of
 fence, the Judge w ho presided told the Granc
 Jury, that if they were of the opinion that t lit
 act charged against the prisoners was sanc
 tioned by custom, though contrary to law,
 they would find in favor of custom and ignore
 the bill, and the Grand Jury did so, and the
 prisoner* were set at large.
 Mr. Brown then resumed, and went on u
 show the extent to w hich slavery was carrier
 on in America —even ministers of the Gospe
 not hesitating to advocate the accursed system
 and dating to assert that it was compatible
 with the principles of Christianity. Evert
 effort was made to debase and brutalise tin
 tuind of the slave. If they would give then
 education and make them acquainted with tin
 truths of Christianity, it would be impossibh
 that the slaves could be long held in tliei
 chains. In tin; I. luted Slates there were threi
 million of slaves, who were treated as boiiq
 no better than cattle, and were pent up to
 sale as sheep or oxen were sold. It bad beei
 decided by the Judges that a slave could no
 appeal to the law—bul that he could only ap
 peal to the lenity, and justice of ins master
 In one of the States a whiteman could he ex
 ecuted for four kinds ot odeuces, but m ih
 same State a slave forfeited ins life if he com
 milled any one of seventy ofiences—(Hear
 hear.) In the Slate of Mississippi he knev
 of a case in which tne wife ot a slave wa
 condemned to be flogged. The husband, mi
 able to see Ins wile so punished, snatched tin
 whip from the overseer’s hand and ran awa 1
 with it. He was immediately taken, howev
 er, and for that simple act be was hanged
 (Shame, shame He could tell them tha
 men m the highest stations in America ha&lt;
 their slaves—even bishops had them —for In
 saw recently an account ot one bishop hawiq
 lost *ixiy-four slaves by cholera—a bishop—
 a preacher ot Christianity—therefore, uko
 saw, had his slaves, and wuat could ibey ex
 pect when they saw men m such position)
 giving couutPiiancc and support toihehorrii
 practice. Hie own master as vei\ lehgious
 and at night it was hi* (Mr. Brown dot!
 to call in the slaves to praver. In Hie morn
 mg, however, time could not be afforded n
 the slaves to pray, but li e master piaved
 them. (Laughter Indeed he oev« i t;«
 one of them up to Im* flogged that he &lt;li&lt;fu
 first read a portion oi ihe .criptures io th
 slave, and give him in addition a moral le&lt;
 rure He (Mr. Brown) had heard tin nia;
 ter tell a visitor |that he believed Ins slave
 weie more benefited by his moral lecture
 than by his flogging, and one day when
 was himself tied op he ventured m say itu
 he would take it all out in moral lecture
 but the only answer lie received was a blot
 over the head with a cowhide, few I,iucl
 Ins master’s moral lesson.—(Laughter.) H
 next alluded to the conduct of Faiher &gt;l«
 tbew in fefusmg to attend an antl*nl3%*r
 meeting America, on the first ot August
 m celebration of the anniversary ot the aboh
 lion of slavery in the British West India ol
 orues But the slaveholders notwithstanding
 that would never forgive Father Mathew fu
 signing an address against slavery some year
 ago when he was m Ireland, and tha const*
 siu*nee was tint he was now between twi
 fires. He had no bad feel mg towards Fathe
 Mathew, but as the advocate of three miluui.
 of slaves in America, he could not help con
 pasting. tl.e conduct of Father Mathew nov
it was in former yens. The ac
 count of the meeting, held to-night, would
 circulate in the slsve-holding states, and wheo
 they saw that they were agitating io this coun
 try, the hands of the abolitionists would be
 strengthened, and they would be cheered for
 ward in their labots. He concluded by ex
 pressing the gratification he felt in being
 among there at the present meeting.—
 (Cheers.)
 Mr. G. Thompson, M. P., addressed the
 meeting. He said, notwithstanding whet bis
 friend had stated as to the cruelties practised
 upon the slaves in America, there is e moral
 pollution in slavery which it vn impossible
 adequately to conceive or desetibe. What
 Btamped the system, in his estimation, as be
 ing something more than infernal, was that
 human beings, placed here to live together ss
 brethren, should one portion of them take ad
 vantage of their superior intellect, or their pow
 dr, and sacrilegiously seise upon other of their
 fellow-men .as if they were, like their cattle,
 their own property. He did not know wbat
 form public opinion might take to do away
 with this infernal system, but they roust pro
 mote its progress, by denouncing every man
 who should uphold or advocate tbe infamous
 practice. No man could doubt that America
 was destined to take a leading part in human
 affairs, and whit was now the reproach of
 that country Slavery What the fertile
 source of discord Slavery! What made
 the south st variance with the north* Sla
 very What was it that engendered all of
 human tnsolenoe and human crime in the south
 ern States* Why slavery And whtt, he
 would ask, would make the American citizen
 more welcome here than the abolition of sla
 very How could America sympathise with
 the struggles of the patriots in Italy, in Hun
 r garv, and in other parts of Europe, so long
 as she tolerates slavery 1 And what would
 give point to her remonstrances, and force to
 her appeals in favor of the suffering patriots
 of Europe, but the abolition of slavery
 (Loud cheering.) What, he would ask,
 would be the effect of this meeting in the
 United States* A man had come among
 them wanting many recommendations which
 might aid him—and yet he was received with
 open arms, because he was a man of color
 and a slave. He was not merely tolerated,
 but he was cheerfully welcomed, and treated
 as an equal. In the advancement of a great
 cause like the present the best way was to
 speak the truth, for if they did not speak the
 truth nobody would be able sufficiently to rec
 ognise that infamous practice they desired to
 abolish. He wished that the religious com
 inanities of the United Kingdom would speak
 1 out, for much mischief was done when in any
 wav they acted with the slaveholders of
 America. After alluding to what had been
 [I staled regarding Father Mathew*, and regrel
 j ting that that gentleman had been induced to
 i take the course imputed to him, he concluded
 by calling the attention of the meeting to the
 peculiar position in which Mr. Brown was
 placed, and recommending him to their ex
 tensive patronage. Mr. Thompson pioposed
 a resolution to the effect that the meeting
 deeply sympathised with the sufferings of
 Mr. Brown while a slave in America, and at
 the same lime expressed its regret that sla
 very was still permitted to be a blot upon the
 character of the United States.
 Mr. Henry Clapp, of America, next ad
 dressed the meeting, and said the present oc
 j easion was in one sense not an agreeable one to
 i him, as he had to speak, not of the institutions
 of his country, which he admired, but of that
 particular one which of all others he abhorred.
 Since he had been living in Europe he had
 been living under institutions with which he
 confessed he had little sympathy, but any ob
 jections he could urge against them had been
 silenced, when he reflected on the blot which
 defiled his own country. Believing, howev
 er, as lie did, that the experiment of free in
 stitutions in America would be successful—
 -1 contending as he did for the right ofself-gov-
 I ernment, he entertained no fears but that
 America would purge herself of the present
 j slain. Mr. C. continued at great length, and
 •j having concluded,
 I The resolution was agreed to, and imme
 diately after the meeting separated.
The Settlers on Smith’s Lands in Onei
 da Co.
 At a Meeting of the Colored Emigrants
 held upon the Smith lands in Florence, Onei
 da Co., N. Y., at the Emigrant House, on
 Saturday, October‘2oth, 1849, Rev. D. Pet
 erson, General Agent, was present, and made
 a statment of the amount of money received
 by him as a donation for the Association, and
 of the following named articles.—
 First, a box of very useful books, suitable
 for a Sabbath School Library, together
 with other useful articles, presented by C.
 Whipple, Esq., of Newbury port, Mass.
 .Second, a Plow and Pitchfork, presented by
 E. Bartlett, Esq., of the same place. Third,
 one Shovel and Pitchfork, presented by Mr.
 Brown, of Gardiner, Maine.—Fourth, a bag
 of very useful articles, presented by Mr. P.
 Wadsworth, of Bath, Maine, (a gift in part
 from ilie Ladies.) After receiving the above
 named donations, it was on motion, Resolved,
 That we, the Emigrants of the Florence
 .Settlement, tender our sincere thanks to the
 above named gentlemen, and citizens general
 ly, and also to the General Agent, for his ef
 forts to render assistance to the Settlement,
 until wc shall have passed the first winter in
 our newly acquired homes, having arrived so
 late at the settlement, that we could not real
 ize a sufficient crop to sustain us during the
 approaching winter.
 We also take great pleasure in saying that
 we found the white citizens of Florence to be
 a kind and generous hearted people, who bid
 us welcome upon our arrival in their midst,
 and extended to us the hand of brotherly love;
 and we can enjoy our individual rights in the
 midst of such a people, which are life, liberty,
 and the pursuit of happiness. We take pleas
 ure in saying that the anti-slavery spirit is de
 veloping in the bosoms of many of the citizens
 of Florence and its vicinity; and we give with
 pleasure the names of some with whom we
 have become acquainted. Rev. Mr. Gar
 bod, Rev. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Trimbal, Mr
 Richards, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sparrow and fam
 ily, and many others.
 Florence village is 22 mile* from the vil
 lage of Rome, by way ofTaberg, and we have
 always found it verv pleasant and agreeable
 m traveling that road, and we lake pleasure in
 recommending the respectable portion of the
 traveling public, irrespective of color, to favor
 Mr. Hyde, of Taberg, with theit patrouage.
 They will find hi* accommodations good, the
 House large, neat, and well regulated, and
 himself and lady very agreeable. And as
 they proceed on to Florence village, they will
 find Mr. Fairbanks, also very much of a gen
 tleman, who keeps a good House, and pays
 every attention to the travelling public. We
 cannut close without making mention of the
 citizens of Rome. We have found them to
 be an enterprising and benevolent community,
 and we fed grateful to them for past favors.
 W»* are also indebted to the proprietors of lh»
 Roman Citizen, for favors received.
 The Settlement i* also particularly indebt
 ed to I). G. Dorrance, Esq., of Florence, for
 **i&gt; kii.diiuss to ihe settlers, and his exertions
 to promote the interests of the Association.
 We would say that the prospects of the
 Settlement are favorable, and that we intend
 j to give a general statement of its affairs
 through the columns of the public Newspa
 per* a-5 soon a* practicable.
 D. MACCOY, President.
 W Ha-vkins, Secretary.
 L 1 tLMon ,in behalf of tbe Sooiety.
Negro Mechanics
 A meeting of the Journeyman Mechanics
 of the town of Petersburg, Va., was bald on
 the 20th ult., the object of which was to op
 pose the competition brought about by the
 employment of Negro Mechanics. We copy
 from tbe Republican, the following Preamble
 and Resolutions which ware adopted u tha
 meeting and ordered to ba published
 While ws regard tha right of proparty, and
 the privilege of the owner to employ Jus alave
in honest labor, our mom of self-reaped de
 mands that w« pat, place, esteem and main
 tain ourselves a distinct society, tod not asso
 ciate* of tbe Negro. Therefore, be it Re
 solved.
 Ist. That wc regard the leaching of aay
 Negro any branch of the mechanic arte aa
 prejudicial to the iatoreote, and injurious to
 the morale of the laboring White man.
 Sd. That we. whose names are hereunto
 annexed, will not work for any employer who
 shall take a Negro io bis employ, for the par
 pose of teaching said Negro any branch of the
 ineciiinic Arts*
 3d. That each member ia at liberty to en
 gage with any employer using his own slave
 at the business, provided they be not publish
 ed or provided tn any way subsequent to this
 time.
 4th. That we form ourselves ia a society
 for our rights, as stated in the preamble.—
 Signed bj the Committee.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, NOVEMBER 9, 1849.
Free boilers of Masaachmsetta.
 Any approach to a consistent devotion to
 principle, on the part of a political organiza
 tion, in tbeee compromising and degenerate
 days, may be innocently hailed with exceed
 ing gratification for of all the aoos of men
 from whom a straightforward, persevering
 and undeviating adheaion to principle ia to be
 expected* there ate none less to be relied up
 on than the politicians of this country. We
 say /hi country because there is, perhaps,
 no country on the globe where political mo
 rality and honesty are held in such shameless
 contempt as in the United States. Political
 consistency ia treated aa the greatest folly
 when to be recreant and inconsistent present
 the strongest ground for hope of success in
 getting into power. Illustrations of the truth
 of the foregoing allegation are so abundant
 and familiar to all, that it would be a wasteful
 expenditure of time and space to presentthem.
 The history of the Liberty Party, and that
 of the Free Soil Party of this State are well
 known. The former commenced by decla
 ring tbe incapacity of either of the great po
 litical parties to perform anti-slavery work,
 and to vote with either of those parties, in ths
 estimation of Joshua Leavitt, and H. B. Stan
 ton, with the whole Liberty Party, was to be
 guilty of sin against God and man. The fact
 that these men are now to be found with their
 whole faction in this State, in union and fel
 lowship with the Democratic Party, heeds on
 ly to be stated to make ita disgusting apostacy
 apparent. The Free Soilers also of this
 State have shown their utter contempt for
 their principles and pledges, bv whirling with
 the most indecent rapidity over the bulwarks
 of the Buffalo platform into the foul abyss oi
 Hunkerism.
 With such examples of political profliga
 cy and perfidy before us, and with the gene
 eral political debasement which surrounds us
 on all sides, it is excusable to look with grat
 ification upon the present Free Soilers of
 Massachusetts. Supported only by the half
 of a principle; laboring to limit that which
 justice declares should be.wholly and for ever
 destroyed; loaded with the burden andincon
 venience of having to qualify and restrain the
 legitimate deductions of their entire logic—
 and possessing temptations to recreancy and
 treason of the strongest possible description,
 they yet cling to their organization with an
 unshaken tenacity and zeal which is truly
 amazing. There must be something in ths
 metal of the men of Massachusetts which dif
 fers in an important degree from that of those
 in New York, Michigan, Wisconsin and else
 where. Theit Free Soil brethren are falling
 all around them. Their firmness, therefore,
 admirable in any circumstances, is more ad
 mirable now. They have nominated theii
 candidates in that State, and havs brought to
 their support a zeal bordering on enthusiasm.
 We always read with pleasure the Free
 Soil papers of Massachusetts. Conducted gen
 erally! with great ability, they possess a
 warmth and energy always refreshing and in
 vigorating. Among these journals, ws may
 mention The Massachusetts Spy” Tfu
 Boston Republican and The Lowell Amer
 ican.”
 It is not to be inferred from anything wt
 have now said of tbe Free Soil party of Mas
 sachusetts, that our opinion as to successful
 political action under the American Constitu
 tion is at all changed. We hold now, as w&lt;
 have held during the last six yaars, that ih&lt;
 only true stand to be taken by the North, ia
 to repudiate the American Conatitution witk
 all ita slavehol ding guarantees, compromises
 and provisions, and to adopt with full purpose
 of heart the doctrine of “No union with
 Slaveholders.” —r. n.
Anti-Slavery Meetings nt West Bloom
 field—North Bloomfield aad Henrietta.
 I spent Thursday, Friday, Saturday and
 Sunday in the above named placet, endeavor
 ing to awaken in these several communities
 an interest in the cause of ths enslaved. With
 what success the future must determine. I
 can only aay, for myself, that tha deepest and
 smeeteat wish of say heart was to plead the
 cause of the bondman earnestly and honestly;
 and if, by so doing, I gave offence to any, and
 made but few converts, the responsibility must
 rest elsewhere than upon my devoted head.—
 The meetings were all very well attended;
 especially those of North Bloomfiald and Hen
 rietta. I have no fault to find with tho
 amount of attention evinced by the different
 audiences. A pleasing circumstance connect
 ed with all these meetings is, that no difficul
 ty was experienced in obtaining churches in
 which to bold them. Ia West Bloomfield, tha
 Congregational church was thrown open in
 North Bloomfield 1 had tha Univerealist
 church; and in Henrietta, tha Congregations)
 chureh was, as usual, readily granted. Whoa
 tbe chureh throws open ha doors freely to the
 Anti-Slavery advocate, its members will aol
 be long in arriving at right views, and right
 actions on tha subjaet of Slavery. Tha mar
 with the American churches, waged by tha
 Abolitionists, would never have taken plaes
 bad the former evinced a willingness to hear
 the subject of slavery publicly daseuaaad.—
 Thai coofiict was brought oa by no wish oa
 the part of tha abolition mu; bet by the stare
 necessity of their powueo. They aol only
 found tha churches ia sympathy aad follow
 ship with sisveholdsn; aad laoduy the sona
 tina of the Christian ansae as tha foul abomi
 oation of Southern slavery bat, they aloe
 frenfl their dosie bolted aad burred iguast
 tha faahfal advocates of tha alarm' causa;
 esam ia ataaa dmpuir, at to make a hold at
task apoa these churches as the bulwarks of
 American slavery It is ia tbe power of the
 ehurdMi to eod this warfare; they have only
 to come forth ia tha spirit and purpose of true
 Christianity, aad to identify themselves with
 the cause of God’s suffering poor; to throw
 open their doors to these who seek the ex
 tinction of slavery. and withhold their sympa
 thy, fellowship, sad tha great sanction of the
 Christian frees the buyers, sellers, and
 enslavers of man. Until this is done, the fa
 rinas oust (ss they term it) upon tbe north
 ern churches cannot terminate; it would be
 treason to-the cause of God and humanity to
 cease our assaults upon them while they oc
 cupy their present guilty position. I, howev
 er, with pleasure, aad gratitude, note the
 slightest indication of program in any of their
 branches; aad ahull never withhold the just
 meed of praise from individual churches be
 cause tbe majority are in tbe wrong. To tbe
 minister of the Congregational chureh in West
 Bloomfield, (the Rev. Mr. Fisher,) I am un
 der especial obligation*. It was through his
 agency that tha free use of the church in that
 place was gran tad. While in West Bloom
 field, I shared the kind hospitality of Mr. S.
 H. Ainsworth and family—whose many at
 tentions will not soon be forgotten. Mr.
 Ainsworth is a Horticulturist as well as an
 Abolitionist; and it was easy to see that, in
 in the former department, as well as ia tbe
 latter, whatever his hands found to do, he did
 witk all hi* alight. He has a large nursery
 of tbe moot choice fruit trees, for which, at
 this season of the year, there is quite a ready
 sale. Should any of our friends wish to pur
 chase fruit treee of a superior description, I
 know no place to which they can more success
 fully apply than to S. H. Ainsworth of West
 Bloomfiald.
 The anti-slavery meeting at Henrietta on
 Sunday evening was an occasion of much in
 terest. I was informed that a larger number
 were in attendance than on any former occa
 sion. In addition to my own speech, James
 Sperry, a veteran in the anti-slavery ranks,
 addressed the meeting with marked earnest
 ness and eloquence. This venerable friend
 took a very hopeful view of the present aspect
 of the anti-slavery cause, and to some extent
 he differed from myself in the conclusions at
 which I had arrived on that subject. I had
 been regretting the great diminution of anti
 slavery effort in this State; and the exceeding
 tendency to compromise, on the part of many,
 who had advocated anti-slavery principles
 and I had ventured to say that, unless some
 thing was speedily done to re-invigorate the
 anti-slavery forces, what had already been
 gained would soon be lost.
 To this part of my discourse, Mr. Sperry
 replied by presenting the numerous obstacles
 which had been overcome by the anti-slavery
 movement, hit presentation was sufficiently
 true; and the sole difference between us con
 sisted in the fact that I feared we should lose
 all we had gained by not using proper efforts
 to gain more and he hoped that we should
 retain all we have by some means that we
 know not of. The truth is, that our Liberty
 Party friend* are at sea—and are very nearly
 ship-wrecked. Thoy have discovered the
 rickety character of their bark—and despair
 ing of human means for relief, too many of
 them are quieting their consciences, and ex
 cusing their inactivity by discussing learnedly
 on the behests of Providence, and by professing
 to rely upon this Power, instead of putting
 forth their own energies to gain the desired
 port. 1 would not be understood to class Mr.
 Sperry with the inactive claaa which I have
 described but his philosophy of Sunday
 evening sounded to me much like an apology
 for the want of earnest effort to carry forward
 the anti-slavery cause. His practice, howev
 er, is that of a warm, energetic, and peise
 vering reformer; and his apology was more
 an apology for his party and old associates,
 than for himself.—r. o.
Meeting of the Pennsylvania Anti-Sla
 very Society.
 This annual assembly of the friends of free
 dom in Pennsylvania, seems to have been an
 occasion of unusual interest this year. The
 attendance was very numerous, and presented
 a most lively ahd cheering aspect. The Res
 olutions cover the whole ground of present
 anti-slavery duties. Among those who ad
 dressed the meeting at various stages of its
 proceedings, were Edward M. Davis, C. L.
 Remond, Thos. Vanranselaer, Wm. L. Gar
 rison, Lucretia Mott, Thos. Hambleton, Mil
 ler McKing, and Sydney H. Gay. A meet
 ing having such an array of talent, earnest
 ness, and exalted character, to address it,
 could not be other thsn highly interesting and
 instructive. The presence of W. L. Garri
 son always introduces an anti-slavery atmos
 phere, which it is ever pleasant to breathe.—
 When he leads the way, it is difficult to fal
 ter. It is needless to say that to him the
 meetMg appears to have been indebted for a
 large share of its success. Our Pennsylvania
 friends, among other of their noble resolutions,
 have passed one, earnestly inviting George
 Thompson, (the greatest of anti-slavery ora
 tors,) to our shores. To mske the invitation
 as emphatic as possible, the vote wss taken
 by rising; when, impatient for the announce
 ment of the question, the vast sndience unan
 imously rose to their feet. The rumor of
 George Thompson’s coming to the United
 States, has been set afloat so frequently that
 it is difficult to pisce any reliance upon it.—
 We, however, think the friends of freedom
 may now repose &lt;m the prospect of soon see.
 ing, ones sgain, among them the men who,
 fourteen years ago, when the cause was youhg,
 helpless, and hated, forsook the land of hie
 birth, and the enjoyment of the well earned
 laurels gained in the struggle for West India
 Emancipation— and epos our slave-cursed
 ahoree, dedicated himself aed his powers to
 tbo redemption of the and fettered
 bondman of Uue Democratic Republic. We
 have no doubt that Mr. Thompeoe will re
 eoive a welcome in this country of which the
 gieetem hero of modern times might well be
 prood. He will net now be branded and
 aeter, who had left hieeoantry in cmaqssnoa
 of hie maJ practices, as the -—tee ef free
 dm in this beamed lend ef liberty, formerly
 •aaermd; bet be will be ballad, by the wise
 ead the geod ef the nation, as a man ef high
 character, ef murimrnding talents, and of ex
 alted philanthropy George Thompeoe is a
 Mbererihe British Parliament; and was
 made seek by n majority the meet ovorwkelm
 ■f arm wtaemod in the Tower Hamlets
 The fumylvMik aeti slavery society has
elected Um foUowmg office** for Uie eoeuiag
 ymt:
 Prmdent— Robset Prt*»-
 Via Presidents James Melt, Lindley
 Coatee.
 Corresponding Secretary —Mary Grew.
 Roaring Secretary- Haworth Wet herald.
 Tmncrrr Sanh Pogb.
 Additional Member* of tie Exocut toe Cem
 mettoo Lucrctia Mott, Benjamin C. Bacoo,
 Edward M. Davie, Rowland Johoeoo, B.
 Rush Plainly, Peter Leaier, Margaret Jonea.
 —r. d.
Proscription ul Ofpwnlm toward*
 colored ckkildrea la Eeckwler.
 In the North Star of 17th of August 1849.
 we published an able and interesting Report
 to the Board of Education in this city, signed
 by four of its members, demonstrating the fol
 ly and wickedness of creating distinctions
 among equal citizens on account of complex
 ion—and recommending the abolishment of
 the colored school on Washington Street,
 and the free admission of colored children in
 to the District Schools on equal terms with
 white children.
 We are sorry to say that this excellent Re
 port is rejected by the Board of Education,
 and that they have adopted a course towards
 our children as cruel as it is disgraceful.
 For some time past they have been at a lorn
 to find a place whereon to build a school-house
 for colored children: when almost wearied
 out in the pursuit, and almost ready (from
 sheer necessity) to admit colored children into
 the District Schools, where they have a right
 to be, we record with shame and confusion the
 scandalous fact that the trustees of the Zion
 Methodist ORurch, for the paltry considera
 tion of two hundred dollars offered the use of
 the cellar of their meeting-house,* and have
 thus become the servile tools of their own pro
 scription and degradation. For such base
 and cringing servility we have no language
 sufficiently strong to express onr indignation
 and contempt. These trustees have not only
 sanctioned by this conduct the spirit of caste
 by which we are constantly haunted and tor
 mented, but, for the sake of a paltry reward,
 they have been willing to endanger the health,
 and ruin the constitution of the whole genera
 tion of colored children in Rochester. The
 cellar of that church about as fit for a
 school-house for tender children as an ice
 house would be, and we have been credibly
 informed that that has t been the use to which
 this cellar has been put. The house itself oc
 cupies a piece of very 'ground, and for
 three months in the year is surrounded by mud
 and water and into the low, damp and dark
 cellar of this house, these recreant black men
 have been willing to thrust the colored chil
 dren of this community. Two hundred dol
 lus have 'proved a sufficient inducement to
 these Trustees to sacrifice a vital principle
 and to peril the, lives of their own children.
 Shame upon their narrow souls! and let ev
 ery colored child in the city cry shame It
 was to be expected that our white negro ha
 ters would seek our degradation, it is their hab
 it to do so, But for colored men to become
 their willing tools is a depth of infamy scarce
 ly to be apprehended. We still hope, how
 ever, that this bribe will be withheld, and
 that these Methodist Trustees will be shamed
 and scorned out of their ignominious pioposi
 tion by the justly indignant colored population
 of thiacity.—r.
A Story and its Application,
 George Thompaon, in a speech made at
 the meeting in London to welcome Wm.
 Wells Brown, to the metropolis of England,
 a partial report of which, appeared in our last
 number, told the following story, the applica
 tion of which we would specially commend to
 the negro-haling Liberty—Equality—Frater
 nity men, of this great and mighty republic:
 ‘•We hear a vast deal in America about
 sympathy with Rome, and sympathy with
 Ireland. Oh, yes, the southern men are great
 sympathisers. It is not sober Boston that
 takes the lead in sympathy with the oppres
 sions of Europe or in any struggle which
 may be going on on the banks of the Danube,
 or the Seine, or elsewhere But it is in the
 south that you hear these expressions of sym
 pathy. Now, the conduct of these slave
 holders reminds me of an anecdote which I
 once heard. A gentleman was making a
 morning call upon some ladies in the south,
 and paming through the yard up to the door
 he saw a number of naked children—colored,
 of course, or they would not have been na
 ked, and naked because they were colored—
 running about in a very neglected condition.
 When he got into the house he found the ladies
 of the family very busily at work making all
 sorts of garments. It is not a very usual
 thing for ladies in the south to be particularly
 industrious in this wty. like all the inhabi
 tants of warm climates, they indulge a little
 in idleness; but this gentleman wished to
 know what made them all so busy at that
 particular lime when the lady of the house,
 in a very tender, (sentimental tone, informed
 him that they wme preparing some clothes to
 send them to New York, or elsewhere, for
 some poor, distressed, refugee Poles. “You
 are working for the Poles, are you!” said he.
 “Jhst so,” said they. “Ah, I saw a num
 ber of thorn as I was coming up to the house.”
 “What?” said they; “you saw a number of
 Poles near our house?” and they started up
 and ran to the door, exclaiming, “Where?
 where? where?” “There? there! there!”
 •aid the gentleman, pointing to the naked
 children: “thooe are the Poles I mean!”
 (cheers and laughter.) So I aay to Ameri
 ca eeaee yoar anathemas against eroxier and
 sceptre in Europe; cense to denounce Nicho
 las of Russia, and the other tyrants who
 plant the heel of despotism upon the necks
 of their subjects. You have your Hungary
 at beam; you have your Ireland at home; you
 have your Poland at home; you have your
 Piedmoetat home; you have your Sicily at
 horns. Go aod proclaim the truth of the lan
 guage of your Declaration of 1776 again in
 1848; let liberty again descend, her second
 •dveot being brighter and batter than the first
 (M cheers.) Wear mckeleth tad ashes, aod
 pwetoam yourselves ie the dost, till you eaa
 •ajr, “There ie not between ocean and ocean,
 sad ocean nod mountain, a slave or tyrant in
 America (lend and prolonged cheering.)
 Now 1 nay all this without aay prejudice
 against America. The men who knew me
 here know that I an no admirer of despotism
 at heme (baer, bear.) Isay not, go to work
 *osat up tepnhliraaim here; we meal be
 irises, as well as bald; bet I say, if 1
have so uhosan for my calf, givefo* democ
 racy (food ebnets.) If las aale* whether
 it will work well, aspattafiy for* **w coun
 try, I any, look at Amnrie*. Th* prebte®
 is solved; Uwage of experiment is. peerod
 all the doubters and cavillers sod disbelievers
 are silent. There ere often found many
 squabbles, many foods, many seeds nod sour
 ces of discord io her midtts **l elill she
 stands, and would stand, out symmetrical and
 sublime, if this giant abuse, this crying insult
 to God and degradation to man, where put an
 end to, for ever. It is not that I love Ameri
 ca lese, but that I hate her crimes more
 (eheers.) Lst her bring out from the camp
 this accursed thing—consign it to the remorse
 less fire—
 Watch till the latest apark tapir*,
 Thai stream its ashes to th* wind.
 Nor tears an atom wrack behind,”
 and then I, for one, would have adopted that
 country for the rest of my life- Though
 my children should live bdle to wage war with
 the poorest of the poor against the strongest
 of the strong, I will point to America and
 my, that is the oountry which, since men
 love liberty and aspire to achieve it, has
 wrought out the sublimes! proof of the com
 petency of man to share in his own govern
 ment (loud and prolonged cheering.)
Equal School Privileges.
 At a meeting of th# colored citixeos of
 Rochester, on Tuesday evening, 30th Oct.,
 the following resolutions, expressing the views
 and feelings of the colored people, with re
 spect to colored schools, and especially in re
 gard to the proposition of the Board to open
 a school in th* cella* or Zion Chuecx,
 were unanimously adopted:
 Resolved That ye will not send our chil
 dren to the basement, proposed to be fitted up
 for a colored school.
 Resolved That •it is desirable that th*
 means of education should be of th* most
 cheerful and inviting character; and that a
 school-house, of all others, should be render
 ed attractive, as well as suitsbls to the pretac
 tion and preservation of health; and be
 lieving that these views have uniformly pre
 vailed in the Board of Education, we are all
 the more pained and grieved that they have
 selected the co/d, damp and gloomy basement
 of Zion Church for a colored school.
 Resolved That this meeting regards with
 pity bordering on contempt, the weak, and
 easily bought Board of Trustees of Zion
 Church, who granted s lease of th* basement
 of that chureb, and thereby allied themselves
 with the pro-slavery Irish faction in the Board
 of Education—and have grossly wronged the
 colored children in this city of their education
 al rights.
 Resolved That in the opinion of this meet
 ing the Trustees of Zion Church transcended
 the limits of their office when they granted the
 above mentioned lease, since the money for
 building it was collected in the name of the
 citizens at large, and with the express under
 standing that there should be a school io it for
 the use of colored children.
 Resolved further, That, as the Trustees are
 only appointed by the church, and are un
 known as the representatives of the colored
 people, their attempt to act for them in this
 instance is without authority, and, thtrsfore,
 of no binding force.
 JAMES SHARP, Chairman.
 B. D. Pattison, Secretary.
 The following petition has been numer.
 oualy signed:—
 To the Honorable, the Board of Education:
 We, the undersigned colored citizens of
 Rochester, and patrons of the colored school
 on the west side of the river, having recently
 learned with much surprise and regret that a
 committee of your honorable body have loca
 ted the school in the cellar basement of Zion
 Church, on Steven’s alley
 Your humble petitioners feeling much inter
 est in the moral, intellectual, and physical ed
 ucation of their children, consider the proposed
 location totally unfit for the proposed school.
 A basement, situated on s low spot, without
 s drain, must, of necessity, be damp; this
 would subject the children to constant colds,
 and injure their constitutions for ever. The
 low ceiling of the building, the obstruction
 of buildings on the North, West and East
 sides must always deprive them of proper
 light and ventilation, all of which are so ts
 sential to health. The construction of the
 room is such that it will bn impossible to have
 separate departments, which are necessary for
 a respectable school.
 The undersigned petitiooers, for the last
 five years, hsve quietly and peaceably looked
 upon the miserable thing called (falsely) a
 school, until forbearance has ceased to be s
 virtue. If we hsve do legal rights in common
 with others, but are only beggars and paupers
 at the mercy, and wholly dependent, upon the
 charity and liberality of the honorable Board
 of Education, then we have no right to oom
 plain, and the smallest favoi ought to be thank
 fully received but if we have a legal right to
 to equal participation in the common schools
 of the State, for the enjoyment of that right
 your humble petitioners will ever (way.
A Southerner in Albany.
 None* —To tsx Fribmds or tmx South.
 —Mr. Henry B. Brewster, of Mobile, Ala.,
 and late from New Orleans, it now on a visit
 to the North, and iu Albany for a firs days.
 Mr. B. baa been engaged in the Temperance
 cause, Tract distribution, Bethel operations,
 and more particularly in attending colored
 churches and encouraging slaves to attend the
 means of regular religious worship, with the
 happiest sod almost incredible results both to
 the master aod the slave. This has been hie
 practice for yean; and be is ready and willing
 to giva the friends of the South in the North
 bis masons for regarding the Abolition qneo
 lion as founded in error, aod destructive alike
 to the North and the South. If aay church
 or house can be had, and the people disposed
 to hear the truth, sad reasons given why
 Slavery ie nor the awful and tumble curst
 which some people denounce it, Mr. B. will
 gladly attend, and give his views from actual
 experience on this question. He can be Pound
 at Staawut Hall.— Roaring Journal, Oct. 18.
 Axsaky, Oct. 88d, 1848.
 FRiKVD Douulass :—The endoaod notice
 was taken from the Albany Evening Journal,
 of the ilth iaet. Its appearance in a Journal
 ao large aod influential, wae well calculated
 to give it mote weight and oonridcrition than
 it really deserved. We, therefore, thought it
 oeeesmry to notice it; consequently we wrote
 the gentleman, whose nemo ie attached, a
 erne which you will alaofiad enclosed, asking
 him to diacum the qaocrioa which he tamed
 bet knowing as he did, that “truth was mighty
 and would prevail,” he very wisely declined.
 We send hie note, whisk to aey the least, ex
 hibits n depth of hypocrisy, and error,
 whisk we did not expegt to And in any white
 man, especially a Reversed gentlemen, «e we
 have rimes learned he ie. Bel w« will not
 make any nammanta, but mod youtha norite,
 our note, and the rnply of Mr. Henry B.
 Brewmer, the gsntl—an who feopoona in
show that the Aboihkmjsla sit wrong in
 taring the Slavery question. Not supposing
eimut f —m
 any intrinsic merit of itself, hat may format
 tbame for a few oommenu which may posMhiy
 beoeht that narrow minded data to whiah Mr
 B. belongs.
 Yoon, most truly,
 wm. p. Mclntyre
 J. w. Randolph!
 Tbs following is s copy of ear nets to its
 gentleman
 A leaky, Oet. 19th, 1849.
 Ms. Hnttr B. Baswrrsa: Sir—Haring
 learned by the Journal of last evening, that
 you ea preseed t desire to prove that the Abo
 litionist* are wrong in sgifoting the qnattion
 of American Slavery, provided a Church at
 Hall could be obtained, the undemgaed avail
 themselves of the present opportunity to say—
 if yon will consent to th* qnattion with
 sitber of thorn—a suitable plan be pro
 vided for the purpuee. An answer will ha
 awaited with much patience.
 We subscribe ourselves, your oh’t tern's,
 wm. p. Mclntyre.
 J. W. RANDOLPH
 tmr.
 Mzssaa. Wm. P. Mclntra*, J. W. Ran
 dolph Gents— Controversy sad dueuseien
 about American Slavery is not my haaisass
 Hearing so much said concerning the wrongs
 of Slavery, and sating the perfect ignorance
 which prevails respecting the moral, social
 and religious condition of Slaves in contrast
 with free negroes of New York, has led me to
 propose speaking of what I know concerning
 the moral and teligioua improvement of the
 slaves; as I havs saeo it, and experishcad u
 for the last fourtsen yean. This is ail I have
 proposed or intended.
 In the Tribune of the 4th day, you will find
 s communication from me; also, in the Ame
 rican Anti-Slavery Standard of the 9th iast.,
 (on file in Young Men'• Association Rooms,)
 is another, to which I beg leave, very respect
 fully, to invite your attention; as affording
 full scope for the exercise of the beet hearts
 sad pans in America. I think it probable
 the editors will be gratified to reoeive replies
 from you.
 I have attended sever a) public diseuarisM,
 and have noticed that most men oome to such
 meetings pretty much as gamblers sod ieeforo
 attend s hone race; or lounge about abilliard
 room; and, therefore, I have studiously avoid
 ed controversy on til subjects. Whaa 1 re
 member such minds as Jefferson, Marshal,
 Washington, Adams, Clay—with seeds of
 other giant intellects, which have grappled
 the slavery question, from the first organisa
 tion of pur national government, pro sod cm,
 I assure you, gentlemen, and all mankind, I
 feel myself a little child; and absolutely shad
 tears at the sense I hsve of my own iosignifi
 cance.
 But for all this, 1 really, truly, sincerely
 believe American Slavery to be ordered by thro
 Almighty Ruler of the Universe I also be
 lieve that Slavery has been the greatstt bias-
 sing, ntxt to our national independence, this
 country ever enjoyed and 1 firmly believe it
 now to be the greatest blessing the colored
 people enjoy far more so than any boasting
 negro freedom I havs yet seen; I assure yon,
 gentlemen, as truly a* I hope in God’s massy,
 I have never, In the fourtsen years 1 hsve beau
 Sooth, seen such misery and snqtchsds—
 among the slave*, as I havs seen in Nam
 York among the free colored people, thie
 summer. I did not com* here to be the apol
 ogist ar defender of slavery, for from it. I
 have two step-daughter* living with a broth
 er-in-law in Troy, which brought me hero
 and hsve no desire or disposition to so tar the
 azsaa of political discussion, hut am ready to
 do what I have proposed.
 Respectfully, youra, dtc.,
 HENRY B. BREWSTER.
Beet cm.
 Dias Dovclsss :—Here we are in Beaton,
 the Athens of America. The person who
 surveyed and laid out thin city ought to hove
 a tall monument in Mouut Auburn. Thme
 are many superb private and public buildings
 Their style indicates a icflned taste, and greet
 wealth. The people have n sober, intelli
 gent, and busy appearance; and present quite
 a contrast to the New Yorkers, net havidg
 any of their care-worn, devil me care appear
 ance. I had letters to several gentlemen on
 Milk street, and found them very polite* sad
 agreeable. If any of your Western raiders
 go East to replenish their stocks of Dry
 Goods, Boston is an excellent market, sad I
 recommend them to call upon Masers, Dor
 mice, Newton k Co.; Sumner, Brewer Ji
 Co.; Blanchard, Convene Jc Co., on Milk
 street, and the hosts of heavy dealers in their
 immediate vicinity.
 I was much disappointed ie not acting or
 hearing Rev. Theodore Parker; it weald have
 been a great treat to me. I have reed seme
 of Mr. Parker’s religious aod political works,
 aed admire them fee their vigorous style, ead
 the ability with whisk he handles his labjaau.
 I wae greatly surprised ead pleased to fled
 my old friend Louis Haydea, oe Cambridge
 street, in n good stove, well filled with geode,
 and doing a good burinem. Hayden’s life
 has been somewhat singular. Five years age
 he wm a sieve in Keatocky. Two yearn age
 he left Michigan, depressed in mind, and pov
 erty knowing at his pockets. New I find
 him in Boston pushing op into the ranks ef
 her Merchant Princes. Verily, this leaks like
 taking care of himself. And 1 possum he
 would not return South fm the bunt sitoitina
 the slaveholders could give him. 1 hid the
 pleasure of seeing the Hos. Robert Morris.—
 1 found him in his cAee surrounded with bo
 riaam. He is a very mtoiligeut and genile
 maaly young men, and it was gratifying to
 find oae of the proscribed clem oocupyieg so
 exalted a atarisn hi one of the learned Predse
 aieos. For the fiml time, I had the plemuie
 of teeing end taking by the heed, that eU vet
 one Philanthropist, William L. Oanisse
 It really dean one good to leek upon hit held
 heed and h—valiet face. If thme ieas iodi
 ridual in this wovM io whom we ewe e debt
 sdgsarimds, that indmdsal is W LGmri
 •oo. I found Mr. Nall in the Lihststsi vitoa,
 and wm happy to make hm ■oqmistsaoo
 Years, Ae., B-
 Boon*, Qet. 18th, Iflfifl.
 To CotaaaroupfaTs.—Out firiri H. *f
 Lands, Eegbad, is informed the* hit totter ie
 MHtijwt*
 Oar friend E M., ef Manehmmr, fiagtoed.
 is intoned that the hex. ~&gt;t by BMkaßm
 riw, has mocked New York-
"
