"Nnlg lfewa of tta W«ak v
 The Europe, Capt. Lott, arrived at Halifax
 00 Wednreday, the 84th ult., ud bnofa one
 week's later intelligence from Europe.
 Ewoiahd.—The return of the Chancellor
 the Exchequer, for the October quarter,
 hi been published. The Custom duties for
 the quarter ending the sth ult., exhibit advan
 ces of £153,811. The Excise has increased
 £186,000; Stamps about £885,000; Prop
 erty taxed £91,000; and Poet Office Reve
 nue £lOO,OOO.
 The cholera has so nearly disappeared that
 the papers have ceased to chronicle its pro
 giee*. Seme good seems likely to grow out
 of the visitation in Loodon. In the Lambeth
 dinner, where the ravages of the epidemic
 were meet destructive, practical efforts are
 shout to be made to improve *l&gt;« dwellings of
 tha poor, and erect cheap hatha and wash
 houses. A more efficacious mode, wa opine,
 of preventing its return, than that of fasting
 oo account of national aina, or declaiming
 about national judgments.
 We find, in ear English exchanges, reports
 of a very important meeting held at tha Lou
 don Tavern, “to consider the advertisement
 recently issued by the Austrian government
 foralotn of £7,000,000 Marling.’' Mr. Cob
 geo «aa there, and in a very effective speech
 supported the following resolution
 •'That the government of AuMria, having
 proposed to raise a loan in foreign countries,
 capitalists and men of business are thereby in
 vited to investigate the financial position of
 the said Government, and the probability of
 its repaying the loan thus proposed to be con
 tracted and that it is the opiaion of this
 mealing that no valid security is tendentd, or
 ess be offered, in the present state of the Aus
 trian government, which would justify pru
 dant men in taking any part of the said loan.”
 This meeting probably decides the fate of
 the loan in England.
 Lord Palmerston, it is said, has sent a note
 to Russia, in which he intimates that the in
 terests of humanity are opposed to the extradi
 tion of Koaauth and his associates from Tur
 key, and that England must resiM the demand
 if persisted in. France is understood to con
 cur. The British fleet lying in the Mediter
 ranean, has bean ordered to the Bosphorus.—
 The result of these vigorous measures is tol
 erably certain. For aix months in the year,
 the commerce of Russia is blocked up by the
 ice. Let the naval force of England keep up
 the blockade for aix months longer, and the
 bully of Europe will be brought to terms.
 Russia cannot afford to lose her commerce.—
 “If tha porta of Riga and Odessa (said Mr.
 Cobdeu, in his speech) were hermetically 1
 sealed for six weeks, the Russian nobles, who
 could not aell their hemp, tallow, and flax,
 which was all mortgaged before it was out of
 tha country, would do in tha case of tha pre
 sent Cxsr what they had done in the case of
 othsrs— they would vary soon dispose of his
 eccentricities.” Ha laughed at the idea of
 Russia going to war with England. But he
 laughed still more at the idea of Russia going
 to war with England and Franca,
 “Tha wont that could come would, in his
 opinion, be a blockade, which could be main
 tained with one-half the naval force kept up
 by this country in time of peace. He sincere
 ly hoped that before another fortnight had
 passed, they might see Kossuth and his brave
 companions in England [loud cheers.] He
 saw that Hsynsu had been decorated with
 stars and ribands till his vefy humane breast
 vu completely covered with them [a laugh],
 sod crosses and ribands had been plentifully
 showered from St. Petersburgh upon other
 butchers. Well, when Kossuth and his fel
 low-pataiota arrived in this country, it would
 be seen whether Englishmen, who sympathi
 sed with human progress and freedom, could
 not decorate them, in the hour of their misfor
 tune, with that which must be most honorable
 sod gratifying to them —the tribute of the ad
 miration and respect of an independent people.
 The agitation against Sunday labor in the
 London Post Office has been carried on with
 rigor. Numerous and influential meetings
 bav# been held in London and Westminister
 memorialize the government against the pro
 posed measure. The result has been t reite
 intfon by the authorities of their iotefltion of
 «n«wi»g the services of the clerks on Sunday
 entirely optional.
 Tha Protectionists are as usual loud in thsir
 grumblings. Mr. D’lsraeli has been agitating
 hia plan for a tax on all imports to form a
 ■inking fund for tha benefit of needy land
 lords. He appears anxious to fulfil the scrip
 ture saying “To him that hath shall be giv
 en.” Tha Marquis of Granby, a youthful
 aspirant after political honors, is loud in his
 demands for a return to the protective policy.
 Ha tails tha farmers that they are inevitably
 ruiatd, if tha free trade system is continued.
 At a meeting of ao Agricultural association,
 ha said
 “I am convinced that our future welfare
 depends upon protection. When he looked
 round the world, and aaw the number of cat'
 da imported—when ha considered the weight
 of their taxation—whan ha considered the
 vast tracts of land in Russia and America that
 could be cultivated in corn—whan ha consid
 ered all theca things, he was confirmed in the
 opinions bo had already formed, that it waa
 only Protection that could keep Great Britain
 freas falling [loud and long cheating].
 The aeeeunta from Ireland respecting the
 potato crop, are very melancholy. Emigra
 tion, especially from the South, is proceeding
 at a rapid rate. Tha Cork Reporter aays:
 “A melancholy proof of the want of confi
 dence felt by the people in any promise in the
 •endiaou of the country is to be found in the
 extraordinary tide of emigration at this mo
 neat setting from our shores. The class of
 peraons migrating, w« understand, is very
 respectable, and we have been told of one
 party who takas with them tha asm of £4^.”
 Tha eld repeal agitation has bean revived.
 Mr. Jobs O’ConntU has once more appeared
 on tha political stage, with an epistle address
 ed to the people of Ireland. The “monstrous
 injustice of the Church Establishment,” is to
 form a main feature in the revived agitation.
 Conciliation Hall has been again opened.—
 Mr. John O'Connell, at the fi m mating
 the Hall, after handing m subscriptions, and
 reading letters from various persons, proceed
 ed to address tha matting. l« the course of
 his speech he acid
 1“T« what did thayinviia tha country To
 ropaat, of course. Thai was the begwarns
 and cod of nil—the grant question that could
 never ha abandoned, sever compromised nev
 postponed ooe moment, The terrible win
 before them would be robbed of half iu
 imW, if that Parliament now act, as it would
 •uh the blessing of God yet ait, io College
 rjjjn Repeal, then, was to ha at the hum
 whiltt they ware working hard at other
 2J***-*® dock. Their nationality meant a
 oiMSST* 01 r *kf lou ••eeoden-
 ThawTr*** I**ol 1 01 for “7 purty in the State.
 "fl nod
 (Cheers i C **ureh —foMiahi—nt.”—
 V'-■w m.) The next quMfoa waa the rtrti
Miy of rent being reduced, and Mam right
 mutt be actively poshed.*' I« to the
 present slat* of Enrope. tbs speaker mid—
 “lf England coocedea the rightful deosaode of
 the Irish people, she need aot fear for the ro
 salt; hat if she persevere in mjuntiea, sad
 coottaoe herself, the enter of Heaven, aa
 avenging God will say, V eagaaaee is mine,
 and i will repay.'
 At the dose of the meeting, Mr. J. O'Cna
 nell announced the rent for the week to he
 £95 50.
 From all that appears, the policy of the new
 society will lean to the “Yoeag Ireland”
 school, and an alliance with the priesthood
 will be sought.
 A parliamentary paper, joet published,
 shows that the total number of persons evict
 ed in Ireland, under the Act of last eoosioa,
 amounted to the large number of 19,858, out
 of a gross total population of 8,176,184.
 Fsance.—Respecting the difficulty between
 Russia and Turkey on account of Kossuth
 and the other Hungarian refugees, the Cm
 stitutumnel aeye—
 “The Governments of Frame and F-*g&gt;«nd
 are quite agreed in their approval of the con
 duct of their ambassadors at Constantinople.
 We are assured that thay have sent to St.
 Petersburgh a collective note, and that they
 have adjourned their answer to the questions
 of the ambassadors as to the case, which is by
 no means probable, of a violent rapture be
 tween Turkey and Russia, until after the an
 swer of the Russian Government to the rep
 resentations addressed to it in favor of the in
 dependence of the Ottoman Porte.” On the
 same subject the Presse says: “On Wednes
 day evening M. de Tocque villa received from
 Lord Normauby a communication of the in
 tentions of the English Government with re-
 Brd to the refusal of Turkey to give up the
 ungarian refugees. The Minister for For
 eign Affairs replied that the French Cabinet
 would follow the same line of policy aa that
 adopted by England in the affair. One of the
 six questions submitted by the Divan to Sir
 Stratford Canning, and to General Aupick,
 viz: what assistance the Porte could obtain
 from France and England in case of a rupture,
 was left unanswered, the two ambassadors not
 conceiving that they could nply without fresh
 instructions from their respective Govern
 ments. Before sending those instructions the
 English Csbinet wished to act direct on that
 of St. Petersbuigh.”
 The majority of the Assembly have decided
 that the motion of M. Napoleon Bonaparte,
 for an amnesty to the Bourbon family and the
 insurgent*, should not be taken into conside
 ration, because the junction of the Bourbons
 and the insurgents in any such measure would
 be s profound insult to the dignity of the na
 tion.
 Prosecutions of the pres* still continue.—
 M. Benieao, editor of the Vrate Rejmblique,
 has been sentenced by the Court of Assize of
 Paris, to imprisonment for one year, aud to
 pay a fine of 9,000 f. for having published
 what is called a seditious libel, entitled La
 Ldberte da Pauvra.
 There have been violent disturbances in the
 Porte St. Martin in consequence of the per
 formance of a drama called “Rome,” in which
 the Pope is the hero, and Mazzini,Q*rribaldi,
 and others, principal characters. After three
 representstions, it was prohibited. Ten thou
 sand francs indemnity has been paid to the
 director, for hia lost in stopping the perform
 ance.
 The French Government had received ad
 vices from Rome to the 4th ult. It is report
 ed that the Pope has taken alarm at numerous
 assassinations of French soldiers, and believes
 that then is an extensive plot for hi* assassi
 nation if ha should mturn. He expressed a
 wish, therefore, to remain at Naples during a
 portion of th* winter.
 Italy.—The GiornaU di Roma publishes
 the following notification:
 “French soldiers have from time to time
 been exposed to attempts at assassination, in
 which cowardice was combined with brutal
 hatred gnups of armed individual* have
 joined to assassinate a single man. Such
 crimes deserve exemplary punishment. The
 councils of war will try the culprits. These
 deplorable facts prove that the surrender of
 arms has not been complete, and that s great
 many individuals have found means to elude
 the diiections of the military authorities. In
 order to insure the full execution of the above
 measures, and prevent new crime*, the Gene
 ral-in-Chief orders as follows:
 “Ast. 1. From this day twenty-four hours
 are allowed for the surrender of arms of every
 description by those who have not s special
 licence from the French authorities. A prop
 er place is appointed to receive arms at th#
 Prefecture of Police.
 “Art. 8. Tuesday afternoon domiciliary
 visits will take place in those houses which
 are considered suspicious.”
 Austria a ttv Hcnoary. The terms of
 eapitulatiee of Comoro are published, sod
 art very liberal. Th* departure of the whole
 of the army permitted. Passports will be
 given to such of the officers as have served in
 the Imperial Royalist army. Those who
 have not served in the Imperial army will be
 dismissed to their homes, without any condi
 tion. Th* maintenance of th* soldiers in
 Co mom who are crippled or tick, will be pio
 vided for. All private property will be res
 pected.
 Berlin, Oct, A Queen’s messenger
 passed through Berlin last night from Lon
 don, on his way to Constantinople, with des
 patches for Sir Stratford Canning.
 Rumia and Tusxrt. Pending the de
 cision of the Emperor of Russia (says Wil
 mtr 4 Smith's Tones) upon th* appeal made
 to him respecting the extradition ef the Hun
 garian refuge**, w* have numberless reports
 respecting the probabilities of th* issue. We
 are quite satisfied that the representations
 which have been sent to him from the English
 and French Cabinets fully meet the imper
 tance of the crisis, and are such as the friends
 of Liberty throughout the world must hearti
 ly approve. In the meantime, we have little
 further authentic news of what was going on
 nt Constantinople.
 The Hungarian refugees are now at Wid
 din. There are about fiv# thousand of thorn.
 There are, it appears, in Turkey, as in meet
 other eountnes two political parties, one of
 which is opposed to tho administration. This
 party has a majority in tho Council; and has
 pronounced in favor of th* extradition of the
 refugees te Russia or Austria. The Turkish
 Premier takes the more human course of
 ■eating thorn shelter. In these circum
 stances not fiodiog his pooitioo quite stable,
 and wishing to sacaie tho Uvea of hia guests
 without oodangeriag hia own power, he pro
 posed to them the alterative of embracing
 laUuusm, as the condition on which he coaid
 eontinuo to refuse their surrender. Bern,
 with some twenty-five other officers, whs ere
 strong in their enmity against Russia, assented
 to the condition, Kossuth, Dsmbinaki, Guysu,
 end the rest of the mfegue soldiers, li hmi
 On them and on hie own behalf, Ksmith,
 k a very manly and teaching km, I*4
Mamas, implores tho pemaesisa ef ths Brii
 eoUeetiag in the waters of the Beaplmrus and
 ia the barber ef tbs Golden Hera and be
 tween the entrance of the Black Sea and the
 Propontis sad the Sea of Marmora. Ia the
 army of 140,000 soldiers aaemabted around
 the Turkish capital, drilling and reviewing
 won going on from daylight to dsA Tho
 moot unwelcome feature of tho nows from
 Turkey lL th —fit
 a» partly Greek tad partly Turkish are ia a
 ■tarn of groat fomont in coosaqaenea of the
 threatened rapture between Tntksy and Ros
 sis. Under the toluenes of laniu emis
 saries, ekiefly members of the Greek Church,
 these vessels of the Sultan betrayed a
 serious inteation of taking advantage ef the
 present opportunity to get ap a terolL Th#
 greatest activity prevails in the sanding efeea
 riers for and from all the principal ports of
 Europe, bat the general firmness of tho pub
 lic funds indicate* that the prevailing opinion
 is that no serious rusolis will trim.
Away with tha 4960 tafiragul— Equal
 Rights, and Nothing Lees!
 Mr. Editor Permit me, through the col
 umns of the North Star, to call tha attention
 of the proscribed citizens of New York to the
 importance of agiuung for their rights unti
 the last vestige of political inequality ia oMit
 arated.
 The odious clause providing that no colored
 person shall exorcise the elective franchise,
 unless possessed of real estate to the value of
 $864, still disgraces the constitution of our
 State, degrades our manhood and belittle* our
 more favored fellow citizens. And yet wo
 have not the patriotism, manhood, or public
 spirit to bo up and a doing to wipe out the
 foul blot, Proscribed New Yorkers arise
 from your slumber Shake off your lethargy!
 Our brethren in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New
 Jersey, and Connecticut, are already in the
 field. Why stand we idle all the day 1 ‘‘l*
 rest so sweet, or ease so dear,” as to be pur
 chased at the price of chains and slavery 1
 Forbid it Heaven! Forbid it Almighty God!
 Have we iorgot that eternal vigilance is the
 price of liberty That he who would be Free
 must himself strike the blow?
 What though the “bogus” republicans—
 spurious Americfeia (who would well fill the
 ranks of Louis Napoleon's Roman, liberty
 suppressing army) voted a thundering Nay to
 the proposition of equal suffrage in 1846, and
 thus gava the lie to all their professions of
 Democracy Yet let «e hope that time and
 •vents have caused even them to have made
 some progress in the first rudiments of our
 country'a fundaments) principles, viz: That
 all men are equal—not in stature, intellect,
 morals or manners, (for we colored Americans
 know that wc have better manner* than our
 white fellow-citizen* generally,) but equal in
 fights. That every man ahould he left with
 a “mind unfettered, and space to rise,” and
 he will find his own level in the moral, intel
 lectual, and social scale.
 But, says some one, Garrisonian* will not
 vote, and why should they agitate for the
 right of suffrage? We would answer that the
 moral power of him who says he will not vote,
 as long aa he does not possess the right, ia di
 minished. Other* may say that he makes a
 virtue of necessity. For my part, I will not
 vote, though possessed of one—nor would I if
 the Constitution of the United States wss the
 purest instrument under Heaven—if the con
 dition was property instead of manhood, there
 by rendeiing me a mere automaton, present
 ing so much landed interest of the State. 1
 scorn the act—spuin the bribe. Nevertheless,
 we go heart and hand for equal political priv
 ileges the right to vote or not, and let each
 exercise his influence in community by voting
 or withholding, according to the dictates of
 bis conscience. As an instance of the influ
 ence of withholding a vote when possessed of
 one, the society of Friends generally, and the
 New England Abolitionist withhold their
 votes, and yet maintain an equal position in
 society, because possessed of the right. They
 exert a moral power. But if they were denied
 the right, as we arc, they would be politically
 degraded. To use a financial term, we are
 $350 below par. The State puts its heavy
 foot upon os, and stamps us with the teal of
 inferiority and our fellow-citizens say to as,
 “we are holier than you.” Let us hold local
 meetings—a State Convention appoint a
 State eenlral, and local committees—and agi
 tate through the living speaker, and through
 the press, until we shall be quoted at “par on
 'change.” Mr. Editor speak out on this sub
 ject. “And thou, too, Brutus.”
 Yours for Liberty and Reform,
 Brooklyn, L. 1., Oct. 25,1849. J. C.
Oysters f Oysters!!
 Our friend John S. Jacobs has opened a
 spacious oyster saloon at No. 3 State street,
 Waverly buildings, where he proposes to car
 ter, in the most admirable manner, to the taste
 and appetite at his fellow citizens. Mr. Ja
 cobs is a most excellent cook, as w* can testi
 fy; and we have no doubt that he will giro
 perfect satisfaction to all who may ho disposed
 to patronize him in hkgastronomic art.—r.n.
The Sisters of Charity of Detroit refuse to
 take the proceeds of a benefit at tbs Theatre
 for th* purpose of —wring in th* erection of
 a hospital
Btcelpts
 fm ik§ Noava Stab, from the dm* */U*
 Udgmmt to Oet. SI, 1949.
 Western New York A. 8. Society f 100,00
 Edward Hasletoo, Pittefamg, Pe IJ3O
 A C Keadeli, Palmer Depot. Mew MO
 Wm. M'Uvaia 1,09
 Freeman Hopbine, Pakaeyviil* 2,00
 Marti* Lawrence, Eadid, O MO
 Lewie F Caldwell, Ripley, O IJ9
 Jeha W Porno. Lockpert MO
 E Sharpe
 Bradley Lee. Earn Wiafieid MO
 Samuel Fitbhnnrae, Liverpool MO
 Amends F Hill, Coveauy, B I MO
 Rath Gould, Provide—, 11
 Horatio W Foster, Lowell, Mow M®
 lease Spalding, SMimm M*
 Theaeae Haaaeaaw, Backs Ps- doe Mt
 Rebecca Price, Philadelphia, Ik MO
 Elisabeth Davis M*
 Chariw Bug ham, Fefcmv life 1 M
 Jeha Ring, Caros, Pa. MO
 Rev. Jeha T Paegent. Baste*, Maas. MO
 Je—h nhsrwstd. Pnttferd M 9
 W P Giirn, Shsaeemlm MJ

 Dr. Bkeldea
 mmti. M*
 C*cal
Notices.
The fourteenth manual meeting of the Rhode
 Inland Anti-Slavery Sweety, wilt he held at
 Mechanic’s Hall, Providence, on Wednesday
 sad Thursday, Nov. 14th and 15th, 1849.
 Prominent advocates of emancipation-- cm
 bractog several who have broken the chains of
 slavery, and are breathing the free sir of Heav
 en, ia defiance of Southern laws—have been
 invited to bo pceeent, sad will, it is expected,
 give valuable aid to our own earnest laborers,
 ia making the meeting an interesting sad pro
 fitable one to all who shall deem it worthy of
 their ptmeoce.
 Mack has been done for our cause during
 the past year, but much yet remains for soch
 te do as are not soon weary with doing well.
 The geographical boundaries of slavery ia our
 own country have been fixed by the public
 voice, and cannot, it is confidently belie rod,
 be cat tied farther from the centre of our ini
 quity. But it remains to blot out the foul
 stain where it already exists, and to hasten
 the glad hoar when the so gel of Time shall
 say, “Thus for hast thou come— but no far
 ther.” To this end we invite the old and the
 young, the strong, the feeble, the confident,
 the desponding, nod the faithless, to meet
 with us, at our annual gathering, and
 share in our hopes, our encouragements, our
 joys, sod our labors.
 In behalf of the Rhode Island
 Society.
 JOHN BROWN, Pres’t.
 Amasancy Paine, Sec’y.
 Providence, Oct. 6th, 1849.
Aa Appeal u behalf of the Westers
 New York Anti-Slavery Fair.
 Earnestly desiring the abolition of Slavery
 iu this land, and being deeply convinced that
 this result can only be accomplished by renew
 ed efforts to change our present corrupt moral
 sentiment, the undersigned members and
 friends of the Western New York Anti-slavery
 Society, again make their appeal to the
 friends of the Slave in behalf of their annual
 Bazaar, which will be held in Rochester on
 the 16th of January, 1849.
 While we have been cheered and gladdened
 by the progress already made, and the good
 already done, and while we rejoice to observe
 that friends have been raised up to plead the
 cause of the bondman among persons, and in
 quarters where we had least expected them,
 we still see the “harvest to be great and the
 laborers to be few,” and instead of relaxing
 onr efforts, we are impressed with s sense of
 the doty of doubling our diligence, and ap
 plying more closely onr energy to the means
 of advancing this holy cause.—We appeal the
 more boldly to our friends because those for
 whom we plead cannot plead for themselves.
 While we are surrounded by our domestic
 circle, with none to molest or make us afraid,
 there are three millions of men and women in
 our own land, doomed to abject Slavery and
 chains, robbed of every right—civil—social—
 personal —and political. Remembering those
 in bonds as bound with them, we desire to
 plead their cause as though they were on our
 own limbs, and the knottedJash were applied
 to onr own backs.
 While to obtain means for enlightening the
 public mind, is the strong motive for holding
 our annual Fair, it is not the only one. A
 great amount of good may be traced directly
 to such occasions. Many who are now ac
 tive workers in behalf of this holy movement
 became first interested in it through the in
 strumentality of those annual exhibitions of
 anti-slavery industry, tact and skill.
 The present object of the Rochester anti
 slavery Bazaar is for the general enlighten
 ment of the public mind on the subject of sla
 very. Recognizing the North Star, (published
 in this city) as an efficient Anti-Slavery in
 strumentality, we propose that the funds raised
 by the Sale of articles at the Bazaar (on
 behalf of which we here appeal) shall be
 mainly appropriated to the support of that
 important paper.
 We gatefully acknowledge the prompt as
 sistance rendered to onr last Fair by our
 friends and coadjutors in various parts of our
 owo State, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and we
 earnestly solicit their continued co-operation
 with us in the good woik. That no time may
 be lost, we especially recommend to them the
 immediate formation of sewing circles in their
 various towns with a view to making articles
 for the Rochester Bazaar. We would also
 in this connection render our heartfelt thanks
 to our British friends for the valuable aid ex
 tended by them to our last year’s Fair sod
 we would again warmly solicit their generous
 assistance. It is due to our trans-Atlantic
 friends to say that for much of the interest felt
 in our last Bazaar we were indebted to them,
 and we are persuaded that their continued
 co-operation will essentially promote the suc
 cess of our approaching December Bazaar,
 and the advancement of the cause of the slave
 in our land.
 We hope that the foregoing appeal will
 commend itself te out philanthropic friends on
 both aides of the Atlantic, and that they will
 cordially unite with us in the effort here pro
 posed.
 Signed on behalf of the Fair Committee,
 AMY POST.
Appeal of tkc Philadelphia Assoclatiom
 The “Women Association of Philadel
 phia” appeal to a (benevolent public, and to
 tbe friends of the Slave everywhere, to aid
 then in their approaching Fair, the ob
 ject of which is to sustain (he “North Star.”
 To these who are familiar with the pages of
 this paper it is unneeesary to speak of its
 omit. To those who have not aeeo it we
 may say, that we regard it as ooe of the very
 best anti-slavery instrumentalities now in tbe
 field.
 We axe tbe more interested in it, because
 the editor is ooe of our oppressed race, and
 admirably qualified by his talent* and moral
 worth to perform with credit the arduous
 task of editing a paper devoted to oar elovs
 tfoo. We belie votnd trust that oar foeods
 will give os their liberal aid.
 To oar own people we look earnestly ank
 hopefully. Sisters, Brothers, shall we food
 iovaia' The iron has entered into yoer souls
 Te go heavily, bowed down to the very dost,
 iLSttd, b, lb. «wb&lt; of oppm-l
 noo Ye hear the taenia of the enemy,
 “Tboj a*. ud nonfilled' The,
 are jealous of one ocher! Yes, they untie
 but ttis only input down one who is more
 intellectual than the maaaK’ Prove by the
 unerring laagoige of enndnet that these as-
 frees***
 licious slanders- SaJtam F. Pw| »h, be
 cause his talents and correct principles de
 mand yoor respect and eoofidanca. Sustain
 him because it iaright to dew, and baeanee
 of *Jw sweat paws the perfnrmsaes of so ww
 thy an ntfi— will wnawdly bang it into yoer
 '"TM PWrwillhahdd on Chnmmas week
 Daw rise* for it nmyhe sent m
 HARRIET SMITH, 319 liwinad meat,
 RACHEL LLOYD, JO9 Pfowetmei,
 AMY M. C ABBEY Immhwd street,
 Eusawra Am, Lows Ami Bunu.,
 Many Baaaorr. Huttt Bona,
 Looms Baierot, Ham Jommmi,
 Horn Bosnia
 Cmautn Mima,
 SABAH H. DOOOL4SB, Cm. S*&gt;.
 No M MnUberry st.
 rhiUMfiu., *k n, im.
FIFTY THOUSAND PERSONS
 OituMlt n F.«rfaad of OONSI MPTION.
 la Ike New Eagfead State*, the proportmu is oae in
 Inr «fn. —la Boston, probably, oar in fossr la
 ike dtf of New York, miyatn died ia twa
 waek» ia Pwikbw of this disease. It b lew prw
 aleet *a ike wore norther* latitude*. a* Ramin.
 Canada; aad naoaf tke Alps ofgwiUrfeaiL wkere
 tke wiaten are feug aad severe, aad thare are fewer
 ■addea change*.
 No theory c*n be mure wrlrnmc to the human
 ■dad than the oae which miUiihn oj &lt;w&gt;l
 greaadi ike hope for prolonged ruarncr. It the
 afiegatioas of those who are at bast nulled to
 veracity any be believed, there i» a preveatauve
 aad a rewed)
 The neat An hoc of Nature has provided os with
 a remedy for Coo-motion, aad the diseases leading
 thereto which are so fearfully coaaoa ia our count
 ty! Has He left us to hod relief from that fatal
 scourge by ransacktng other bads? No, the best
 Nature’s own Remedy, is at our lu»i. 11k Wild
 Cherry aad the Pine, furnish us with a core, where
 a care is possible.
 Oae of tke aost important discoveries of the age,
 ia ameliorating the condition of ibis burve chur of
 —fiering haamnitv b,
 DR. WISTAR/S BALSAM OF WILD CHER
 RY, which has been before the public some tea
 years. This valuable medicine was fast discovered
 aad iatrodneed in the year 1838, since which time
 iu success has coustaatly increased the demand,
 until it has become one*of, if net THF. MOST
 POPULAR REMEDY FOR CONSUMPTION,
 ia its incipient stage, ever known.
 Noae genuine unions signed I. BUTTS.
 For sale by Post It Willis; also bv Win.
 PITEIN.
 EXCELLENT OINTMENT.
 Sir. Sloan—Dear Sir: For a considerable length
 of time 1 was seriously afflicted with the Rheumatic
 complaint, and applied freely the various linimeuu,
 painkillers, Jtc., without obtaining any relief. After
 which your agent at this place influenced, me to try'
 your Ointment, and within two weeks from the time
 1 commenced using it, the pain ceased, and I was
 effectually cured; and shall recommend all wlto are
 similarly afflicted with the distressing complaint, to
 procure your excellent Ointment without delay. HRffl
 Respectfully yours, OSCAR F. MOTT
 Princeville, Peoria co., May 1, 1848.
 See Agents’ names at the head of Sloan’s
 Column. For further particukrs and testimonials,
 get Pamphlets of agents.
Commercial.
Rochester, Nov. Ist, 1849.
 We have not much to report for tlie last week.
 The fore part of the week was unusually pleasant
 for the seasou of the year; but for the last two or
 three days the weather has been very uncomfortable
 for out door business. The wheat market has re
 mained steady. There was not nnicn wheat on the
 market yesterday- W’e quote wheat at 9s 3d to 8s 5d
 Apples seem to be rather scarce and are setliug
 at from 4s to 6s per bush.
 Freights on flour to Albany is 50 52.
Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 F c ad val
 Flour, F bbl 5 &lt;**®s 6a
 Corn meal, F bush 45 ©5O
 PROVISIONS .—Duty; Beef,Pork ,Ham*, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 Fc; Cheese 30 Fc ad val
 Pork, (mess) 11 50 12 00
 Do. in hog 5 50
 Ileef cwt. 4 00 5 00
 Do.’bbl. (mess) .700© 8 00
 Lard (tried) F 7
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (ameked) 8
 Shoulders, do. 5 5£
 Butter 0 124
 Cheese 05 06
 Turkeys F
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bush.
 GRAIN—Duty 20 F c ad val
 Wheat, bush 103
 Com 44
 Rye 53
 Oats 31
 Barley ..50
 HIDES—Duty; sFcad vil
 Slaughter .34
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts 40 75
 SEEDS —Duty; Linseed 10 Fc; Mustard 20 F
 c ad val
 Clover a 575 500
 Timothy 150 225
 Flu 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 F c ad val
 Whitefish bbl 0 00
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, F 001 1 25
 Apples, F bus 37
 Do. dried bush. (8) 624
 Eggs, F doz 11
 Beans, F bush 75
 Hay, F ton 700©11 00
 Hard wood 3 25
 Soft Wood j 8
o e r t i s e tn t n t s.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Hacks,
 selling off at astonishing lon- prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friend* and the public, that one of the firm lias
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LO\DON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extern. iv«ly manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and most fashionable'
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 W« would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AMD SEE fOK YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be I
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and V isettes at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks, 'I urk Satins, el
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very targe,
 and will be sold off at astomishihci. r low eri
 crs. AU persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct2B 3m
Tke 014 Cirssity Stop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 swarded him, would respectfully inform bis
 friends and the public generally, that tie lias recently
 enlarged his establishment awl augmented his stora
 of Men's. Women’s, aad Children’s. New aad
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he wilt buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry Fancy articles, Mechanicrii
 agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 rsndily obtained at other places. It is hie intantiua
 to, keep The Old Curosity shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles tor which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired ami renovated with neatness
 s»d despatch.
 front forget Tbe Old Cur only 8 bop.
 Rochester March 1840.
■air-€attiig ab 4 bressfa* at
 RALPH FRANCIRfe anises, under the Eagle
 Buffalo-street pit 14—3 m
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLAS, written by lundi', u» b«
 tod at this offke, price 90 rents; new Edit. 37 Jc
DR. CLARK,
 DENTAL SURGEON.
 IwmU respectfully inform the ciusena of Knrhester
 ato sreroondira oMtfn, Uni 1 tore removed my
 •fee tram No. Bft Smith*• Arcade to my dwelling
 beam No. 02 Monroe Street.
 1 toakfel tor pact Avon m the lira of my profes
 sion, aad iatienaf mymlf dmt I oa give perfect
 mtifeni to afi who may Avar me with their pa-
 TnaigT I weald invite ad those who are dr&gt;
 mom ofhaving oparatioae performed oa the teeth or
 of having wrth ia—sd to eal oa am aad aatody
 lll—l* A (*IaRK.
 N. B Al operations performed by am oa the
 n i oet. is. tMs. t i.
liU-Iml TUm.
 /CHANGE IN TIRE.—The traum wife naaarare
 U taleave Batha—v tofev a» fe fefewiag tree j
 Teetaerd ti 114 a.a .ht f r.a.l|f.a.
 Weetward at a. 1 f.M. 11 r.*-
 Roahaeiar, May 1. ISIS.
 ASHINGTON*S Dammmaa Gallery. Ug
 Mam Street, Keih&lt;?» BetUiega, Hartford.
JAMES W. MONDORMING stiff angina-
 keep the Uwinery mm Sec—il Street, c—ner of'
 Elm. North sola Has eoastaatfy \am hand every
 variety of Groceries. kw
 Cincinnati, Ohia. Jafy IS, ISIS.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Shea Makar
 No. 97, Craabenr Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing orally ezscwlad at tke skortoet
 ire aad oa the meet reaaoaable line.
 WM. H. TOPP. Mrrchaat Tabor, 646 Bread
 way. Abo aa exieamva smitMM of Grava.’e,
 Stocks, Hosiery, Glove*, Re
 Albany JFeb. 11, 1848.
SEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS*
CffltrN Sailm’ Itae,
 330, Pearl Street, Stw York.
 FRIENDS -f the sfeve, and strangers oa a Vieit
 to New York, can now he arena—ndeted
 as good Boerd, aad at as low a price ae ia any other
 llouse in the city. The hone ia lorg* aad cou
 yenieot; will hold comfortakK seventy persons.
 Families can have private reams, aad every atten
 tion paid to tbrtr comfort. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11,1849.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, §3, Went Bread
 way.
MRS. PETTIT would reepvctfuDy inform her
 Friends and the Public, thu she'has removed
 from 150 to a commodious bov«se No. 163, Church
 Street, where she will cootims to entertaia respect
 able colored persona with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1849.
JUST PUBLISHED a ad for sole at the office of
 tl of the Anti Slavery S'candard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Tpilh 10th
 edition.
 This work contain* about 230 page* of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, aad about sixtv
 illustrative engravings. Price 374 c ts- in maslia',
 and 25 cents in paper, covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who p urchase a number of oopies.
 Tlie Condition, In due nee Rights aad Appeal ot
 Women from various authors, 12| cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown's Lecture before the Female A 8.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cent*.
 ELLIS A. POTTER'S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’* Furnishing Articles,
 constantly on hand.
 May 1&amp;, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISES!*TB.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
NEW GOODS juat reciYed. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine ffl-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wotfl
 Lineps, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper aad Cloths, of different styles!
 A pron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling 4tc. m
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber woulu invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is'taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large tlie assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cberry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
Free Labor Goo4s.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. Sl,North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron aad Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an nu
 cclleut article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Ac.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Filth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 Janies .Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and liandsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
CHARLES JONES, North Star House, No. 26,
 North Street, between Fifth and Sixth, and
 Market and Arch streets, Philadelphia.
 Strangers visiting the city will find the North
 Star House the most central, convenient and com
 fortable House'in Philadelphia.
 Philadelphia, Dec. 1, 1848. m4O
Anti-Slavery Offlce,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a hand torn
 variety of miscellaneous publications, aad uaafti
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the offfce
 to be directed to J Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to cadi tke attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chrome disease, to bis hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His li.nise was opened (or the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ty. tor a philosophic and thorough coarse in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity ha- been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is qaite eligible, being hot
 a abort distance from the V. AM. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and hne
 charming grounds for walks aad rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely toil to obtain the
 heahhlul result* for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dra. 8., of Warwick, Maes., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me tost
 August. Iter case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, .be forthwith feu backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would crass the
 other. Mhe had been in this condition nearly n
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th ef Sept.,
 aod was continued to the 26th Oct. only, when ahs
 left, so for recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Mince her retnrn to her family, she
 has continued her baths, with ronaspondisg im
 provement to her health. She bow attoads to tor
 domestic dunes, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patirats arc desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pur of sheets,
 half a dosea towels marked, with old linen ter
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to tea dollars per week, accord
 ing lu the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are fees particular In the sefeetjon el
 rooms, or are willing to oecapy them in common
 with others, will be charged lees.
 Athol. Much. 1840. GEORGE HOYT.
PihMr’i Artiflclß] Lag.
 IWI* entirely new, hremife, and earn—mM am
 vienbfe Ijmb, which has received the highest
 awards aad most hearty testiaasemla ef all fifes
 principal scientific institutions aad imgnai ef
 liospitala in this country, in addition to (Mas whs
 Imre mad the into, autoiag m every remmet sape
 rier to any limb ever before invented in ley «r
 America, to new mamdaefrad in feingjfeld,J—
 by Messrs. Paimu, C«mi» A Hatoas.
 nmasactk!
 Dm. Hisilvoi end BmtaW, «f Raisin.
 Dr. GsßSoe, Batavia.
 Dra. Wnmt and Moons, Rncheamr.
 Dr. Porraa, Clash—, (wto —an ana.)
 Dr. Howb, gyr—B. aspl4 4i
SLYAn COLUMN.
gw AM tke medic teas advertised by W. B. Sis—
 arv sold by Po* h Wißrs, Wurnfow k Yo—g, g*.
 ebaator; T Keashaw. Frankfort; A 8 RaSssoß
 Ca., Lewiston; T. It A. Frye, Broekaort; Cakk
 Wye, Piusfosd; W. Wdfcaaw. Bnfcfe; aad by
 mast druggists tfcvuqgkoat tke l used State*
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 QLOAN’S OINTMENT is sow an.versaMy ac-
 O kaaolsdgad to be aa tafaUubfe ramady, ta every
 cam when* it b— be— faithfoMv applied the ho
 rn— tyvtarn, for prsaaotiag Insensible Peraparatioo,
 .drawiag am tke inffa—tun from a wound, rt
 |Hwif pa ia of every kind, aad ia its h—bag
 Sl_bt»es iba world do— not prodwre iu equal, and
 1 pi'btic praaa—ca it tke cheaps* aad best Fsau
 h ffcL.—at that has over bse* assd. All diseases
 mi the FVWb, Obstinate Ulcers, Old 80m, Chtl-
 Mai—, 9tW Throat, Baras, C«u, Cocaneoo*
 Er—tiee. Nippfos, Borv Brrasu, Disaaac* at
 the Eve, Arm ia the face. side, bach, aad the
 othar parts off the system. Boil*, Ulcer*, Scald
 Head. Brmam. Freah Wo—ds, aad every knd A
 eoi— the feast particle of mftaouaalion
 »I*"—*, c-rt b, W.
 Grand Depot, dO.Lake st., Chfeago. lU.
DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 M«. Slosr:—Dsse ihr: About three yaars age
 1 w— —verehr iaj—ed iu o— of my leg* by the
 fcM— of a p«fe of wood which occasioned large
 reaaisf eicers. Nearhr every doctor ia Gale—
 tried *0 cere them; but'tried ia vam, uat.l fnm
 sympathy —d improper treatment my other fee be
 came as bad m iba oae originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well agai*—^***
 that I might affect no means within my reach, 1
 purchased of y—r agent ia Galen* w—a of year
 Ointment, and yoa e— judge of my snrprue *ad
 (Taiiiode better than 1 can express it, to bad my
 •stt -ure&gt;y well before I had finished -if the
 Those fact* I make kaowa that other* afflicteß
 many believa aad’aot delay usiag *0 rafoabfe au
 “MS'
 f Qahwi Ul.i Dt*-
ON Hl* MAUDS AND UNIX*.
 Ur' w. B. Sfeua Dear Str I hereby certify
 that mV soa Albert, eleven years of a*e, was
 Skts* id hi« feet from the time he
 Sk the bottoms of whg:h were covered with a
 bard drvskiu* MB ®f cr»ks, causing pam and much
 Sktion, many he wobliged to go oabis
 hands sod hue—, and no umd
 tha sore affliction oatiJ now; butfliu, ue
 several physicians; but to our surprise his
 now perfectly smooth soft and free from cracks,
 from one application of your Ointment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of his
 own,'from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 ski thought of it for three week*, at which time
 Si feet were near about in a healthy state, and are
 w the same as thof h they never had been other
 wise. Y«ur*,&amp;r.
 ISAAC pii)F\
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 2d. 1849
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2, 1849.
 r Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected art* those that have
 longest resisted the skill of tlie Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. Jamat Sanford of Sheboygan Fall*, was
 crippled two years with Jive large dtey ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 eould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 alar Physician* in various places, have treated hi*
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing tlie swelling and healed tw o
 af the sores. The other three I labored at till tlw
 first of February, without much il any benafit, when
 I rave him a box of Sl oan's Oihtuirt, aad
 in three weeks be was well.
 Respectfull\ yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
TEE REST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 ■*VB EARNED A ORIAT NAME.
BURNT TO CINDERS.
 W. D. SIoAM
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your UmpaßAl.
 leled Ointment. Three weeks sgo my dough
 ter’a clothes caught lire, and before Uie flumes could
 he axtiuguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 ehildjwas so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in, less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gsvh
 perfect relief 1 It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The mtdieme is
 aU and mart than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should hare it in their posses
 sion.
 I feel iadedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE J
 Flint Caen, Lake Co., 111., i
 Feb. 38th, 1849.
Far Portly, Mildnem, Safety, Certainty
 aad Tiaranghneu SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT EsceU,
 Aad ia rapidly superseding all other Ointment* sod
 Liniments aew ia use for the cure of the following
 (iilf liCt:
 Fresh Wounds, G ills ot all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windfalls,-Poll
 Evil, Callus, Bperms, Bweeasy, Fistula, Safest,
 Btrains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Hors Distemper.
 The Powoan will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, ieoseu the »kin, cleanse (he
 water, aad strengthen every part of the body; and
 toe proved sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (cummenly called stiff romplemt.) which proves so
 fetal to away valuable heroes in this country. It is
 alee a safe sad certain remedy for coughs aad &lt;old«,
 which generate so many fetal diseases.
 W B. SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, 46 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
TOO MV CM
 Cannot he said in favor of Mloaa’e Horae Medi
 cines. Our neighbors, fneads aad acquaintances
 who hnvc used them, testify their approbation M no
 ordinary terms, and roe owned (torn with coefi
 dtDCfte CiTligUMiK RtfaailoM have brcii e€fCi«d
 by this ssedicias. «Every disease which (to torse
 is heir to” in cured, permanently, to the w ot
 Bfenn'e Medirines. TRY THEM and test for your
 to* their efenry Organ. May Sr*. 1840.
lIMLY eroKKM Of.
 EsWnd from the Wamknka Drmmrut H.
 May 0,1840
 ‘*Bloam’» MauicißKs.”—A sutomtov wnong
 fe— the town ef New Berha, requests us to say.
 that to has need Mr. Hints’* few Ointment It
 —urelj in-rare during the past winter, and
 always with the dtaired effect, and wishes ue to
 recommend it to those who tore the ma and rare
 of horess Mr. Sfoan’e modicums are hrahfe
 spokea ef grew By, aad fe— the feverehfe ac
 qnej stance we tore with that gnttlrasea, we are lad
 to totovv that they are p«spared with a view to
 give a real hereto to whatever put pom (toy me re
RATTU SMaEA BITV.
 Da. W. B. Bl#a* —Dear hr—L— mouth Mr
 g—a —tores after. I raw tto torsa, hia toad was
 «W*ed yarn
 O—— were —re.Tf.Tai the
 uSTww uam
 ran—wa L.lft
 L BlSlttW,
 CncAfftylßM 9*,l*4g. i
"
