"P o cUn.
From the London Standard of FrrtA*-
 RQNG Of UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD.
 TAKE Xacm mand i!&gt;
 »r« ca hem* lore i’
 Our mrthcr'i »tep has haHOWed made,
 For love «e h haunt, with truthful band,
 In lore enduring hath arrayed?
 But. loving than our native wle,
 Hare we no «haie to give another.
 And, casting off our earthly guile.
 In every stranger own a brother l
 Let's take each hand in f&gt; ienduhip ever—
 For why sliouid color, clime, or name,
 Opinion, creed, or language, sever
 Wat a hearts timt lieat with life the same 7
 The black-man, toiling 'mid the canes,
 He hears the doctrine that ye tell,
 And red-skin o'er the Western plains.
 He listens to your words as well;
 And much they wonder at die ki.id,
 Unse fish precepts that ye give—
 But marvel more to know and find
 So different’s the way ye live.
 Then take each band in friendship ever,
 For why should color, dime, or name.
 Opinion, creed, or language, sever
 Wa*-m hearts that beat with life the samel
 The wild-man feels his simple life,
 Though full of wrong and much transgression,
 Is with the love ye preach more nfe
 Than yours, with ail your loud profession.
 He tees, in savageness refined,
 Ye bmr strong a-iguish through the earth,
 To overcome and ciu*b your kind,
 And much he doubts your preacher’s worth.
 Come, take each hand in friendship ever—
 For why should color, clime or »ame,
 Opinion, creed, or lat guage, sever
 Warm hearts that beat with life the samel
 The faithful heart has love for ail,
 And Good is yet but in its youth—
 Who would not aid to break me thrall
 That binds it from immortal Truth 1
 To aid with deeds that will not fling
 Poor Truth about, a*way*worn rover,
 But, throning in her heart, will bong
 More happiness the wide world over!
 Tbeu take each hand in fiiendship ever—
 For why should color, clime, or name,
 Opinion, creed, or language, sever
 Warm liearts that beat with life the tame?
 _____
 From the New York Tribune.
 LINES TO THE MEMORY OF HOOD.
 BT R. S. CHILTON.
 Great poets never die; their words are seeds,
 Which, sheltered in the heart- of men, take root
 And grow and flourish into bigh-souled deeds
 The world’* sustaining fiuit.
 No idle dreamers they, nor light their task,
 Who with a weapon simple as a song,
 Defend the Right, and tear the lying mask
 From the foul face of Wrong:
 Who ’neath the coarsest, foulest rags can see
 Some glimpses of that nevei -dying spark
 Which lights th« font of frail humanity,
 As stains illume the dark.
 And such was he, whose spirit shot a ray
 Of sunlight through the sad hearts of the poor;
 The dawning of that blighter, better day,
 N’o lougei now obscure.
 Patient in suffering, calm amid the strife
 Of this bleak world, how patiently he wrought!
 Weaving blight threads in the sad woof of life.
 With the great loom of Thought!
 The music of his words falling on cars
 Dulled with the droning of the workshop wheel,
 Hath robbed the humble toiler of bis tears,
 And taught him bow to feel.
 Fought he not bravely?—Answer ye oppressed.
 Fought he not wisely?—Let the futuie say;
 The eun that sc is in such a golden west
 Heralds a golden day.
 THE CHURCH YARD STILE.
 BY UIU COOK.
 I left thee young and gay, Mary,
 When list the tbor'ii.was White;
 I went upon toy way, Mary,
 And all the world seemed bright;
 For though my love had ne’er been loid.
 Yet, yet 1 saw thy form
 Beside me in the midnight watch.
 Above me in the stotm;
 And many a blissful dream I had,
 That brought thy gentle Smile,
 Just as it came w hen last we leaned
 Upon the churchyard stile.
 I’m here to seek the now, Mary,
 As all I love the best,
 To fondly tell thee, now, Mary,
 I’ve hid thee in roy breast;
 I come to yield ihee up my heart,
 With hope, and truth and joy,
 And crown with manhood’s honest faith
 The feelirgs of the boy.
 I breathed thy name, but every pulse
 Grew still and cold the while,
 For l wan loid thou wert asleep;
 Ju»t by the chuich-yard stile-
 My messmates deemed me brave, Mary,
 Upon the sinking ship;
 But the flowers o’er thy grave, Mary,
 Have power to blanch my lip;
 I felt no throb of q iailutg feat
 Amid the wrecking surf,
 But pale and weak I tremble here,
 Upon the osiered turf.
 I came to meet thy happy face,
 And woo thy gleesome smile,
 And only find thy testing place
 Close by the church yard stile.
 Oh' years may pass away, Mary,
 And sorrow lose its sting;
 For time is kind, they say, Mary,
 And flies with headlong wing;
 The world may make me old and w ise,
 Aud hope may have new birth.
 And other jo\* and other ties 4
 May li k me to the eaith;
 But memory, living to the last,
 tiliail treasure up thy smile,
 That cal ad me back to find thy grave
 Close to tht church-yard stile.
 GENTLE WORDS—LOVING SMILES.
 Tns sun may warm lite grass to life,
 The dew the drooping flower,
 And eyes grow bright and watch live light
 Of Autumn's ripening hour,
 But words that breathe of tenderness,
 And son Us we know are true.
 An wanner than the summer time,
 And brighter than the dew.
 It is net much the worl i can give,
 With all its subtle art,
 And gold and gems are not the things
 To satisfy ibe heart;
 But O, if those who cluster mead
 The altar and the hearth,
 Have gentle words and loving smiles,
 How beautiful is earth'
 SIGNS OF PROSPERITY.
 Where spades grow bright, aid idle swords gro*
 dull;
 Where jails are empty, aad wiwrs baras are fill!,
 Where doctors fo H t, and where fa mere ride;
 Where age abounds, and youth is multiplied:
 Where tits* signs are they clearly indicate
 A happy people aad well-foveraed stale.
S electiohs.
The f 00l off tfcu Reglmeet.
 a sKirrca.
 Thera is scarcely a Tillage anywhere ia the wide
 world, but has in it some half-witty being, whom
 the very children feel privileged to mock.' How
 often do we see tech a crexy unfortunate, follow
 ed by a iiule tribe of trrehtn't}rants tormenting it!
 some hr the nickname and the cruet laagh—some
 by the mouth awry or the broad grimance—oth
 ers by the alt pull at the ragged skirt—-and a few
 by the coward stone: and the loud shout of tri
 umph the little mob will give, when they succeed
 iu making the poor creature turn and —at
 bay. or run after them in fierce, but happily for
 them, in impotent anger. Bnch a right ia not un
 common, sod to a matt of thought and feeling, is
 very humiliating aad affecting:
 The Itnle dogs and all.
 Tray, Blanch and Pwcetbcan. are, they bars at ase."
 cries I .ear, in hia mad misery. Is there am
 came in nature that makea these hard hearts?”—
 Ah me! 1 fear there is. Kit Wallace, 1 call thee
 up from the grave! Let me paint thy portrait,
 record thy wronga, aad relate thy death. It mat
 be some poor, feeble minded being ahull be treat
 ed the better for this sketch of thy inoffensive life;
 some stick shall be raised in defense of a mobbed
 miserable—some word of kindness be spoken in
 to an ear accustomed only to reviling and re
 proach.
 1 remember, iu the ardent and joyous days of
 my early military life—when my laughter wu»
 "like the crackling of thorns under a pet”—a
 poor, half wilted man, who had enlisted into the
 rev meat; I know not when or how.
 He was certainly, poor fellow, to use the favor
 ite phra*e of the drill sergeant, one His Majss~
 ly's hard bargains. He was not craiv—he was
 nut an idiot—no that mere was no way of getting
 i him difcch&amp;rged—for, at that petiod. inspecting
 generals w ere very strict about discharges; but lit
 w as h simpleton of the s.lheaL The intelligence
 of a child was greater. It was well for him, per
 i haps, thal he had been driven to enlist by ill treat
 ment at home, or inveigled by some adroit re
 criming sergeant, who wanted to pocket the
 bringing money; for in a regiment he was sure
 to be clothed, fed, taken care of, and governed
 i Poor Kit, to make a aotdierwof him was impossible.
 However, he had evea, arms and legs; and as he
 1 would not use these last to desert, to get rid ol
 him was impracticable. He had a slouch, and he
 was a sLven. He never stood in the proper po
 sition of a soldier, nor did he ever put on his
 clothes and appointments like one.. Officers and
 drill aergeauts gave him up in despair. He sunk
 into a sort of privileged character; one who was
 Unapt to learn, and formed of stubborn stuff.’"
 Kit was in the company of which I was lieu
 tenant; for awhile my pupil, but booh, and for
 years, my torment and my plague; and oftentimes
 1 —I write with a blush— oftentimes my jest. Up
 on inspection and review days, 1 hid him as well
 as I could; put him on a rear guard, or in an awk
 ward squad of lately joined recruits; employed
 hirn for the day as a cook, or on fatigue duty, or
 as a line or barracks jrderly; some out-of-the-way
 post or corner was found, in which to conceal Kit;
 bu' when, owing to untoward circumstances, such
 an arrangement could not be effected, 1 would
 get him well cleaned, and his appointment* weli
 put on, by one of mV smartest corporals, and then
 place him in the rear rank and a clever sergeant
 behind, with his eye constantly on him, to prevent
 him from discrediting the company by his blun
 ders.
 It may be support'd that such a subject soon
 became the butt of his comrades; they never
 wanted a joke when he was by; they tormented
 him incessantly. They played him tricks, at
 which sometimes he himself gave the laugh of
 silftiiesr; while at others he wou'd blubber like a
 baby. On these last occasions I would rebuke
 him and punish the men: but I too, often shared
 in the laughter. Toor Kit! he" went with us to
 the Teninsula. I remember him well in our
 marches there.
 Mv old captain, who was the best tem
 pered men 1 ever met with, would sometimes be
 provoked into a violent passion with him; and
 while he punished half the company for teasing
 him, lie would tifrea'en, in a voice of thunder, to
 "rifle down Ku’s throat!” the only threat that
 ever effectually silenced him when he was in the
 mood to blubber aud bellow; and the only punish
 ment, if a threat be a punishment, he aver re
 ceived.
 The silliness of the poor fellow wav incredible
 I remember on one occasion, when the regiment
 was drawn up, expecting to be immediately en
 gaged, aud I was iu charge of tho company; as a
 simple act cf duty, I placed him in the front
 rank, lest, by his extreme awkwardness, he might
 do some injury, in firing, to the man who would
 otherwise Lave stood in front of him. it is a lu
 dicrous tact, that the poor fellow complained to
 th~ Colonel, as he wa« riding down the line, that
 1 had placed him in the front rank to get him
 killed, "is he not in the front rank himself, vou
 fool was the Colonel’s reply. Thisshows, first,
 alas that poor Kit regarded all the world, and
 me amongst them, as his enemies—next, that he
 had not much of a hem in hia composition. This
 little incident was never forgotten by the men of
 the company; and they plagued him about it t»
 i the end of the war; but many a voice that gibed
 and jeered him was, in succession, silenced in
 j death. He was one of the few survivors in the
 company, at 'he termination of those memorable
 campaigns. He was present in every battle, and
 on every march. The handsome, and the happy,
 and the hardy fell around him; Kit lived on. At
 the close of the bloody battle of Albuera, when 1
 saw him safe upon that field of carnage, l was
 gjad in my very heart; and felt that "I could have
 better spared a better man.” 1 have said truly
 that Kit was no hero, as hia complaint to the Col
 onel on a former occasion had proved; yet ho had
 i apparently no fear of death. He stood in his
 place—had a pouch full of ball cattridges, and
 fired them away in the battle; whether guilty or
 innocent of blood, lie could not on that occasion
 1 kuow, aud little heeded.
 At the conclusion of the war, and upon the re
 turn of the regiment home, the battalion was re
 organized; Kit was no longer in the same compa
 ny with me, anc, except being occasionally throwu
 on du v noLr him, 1 almost lost sight of the man.
 At length, after a lapse of years, he fell again un
 der my nonce in India. I observed about him a
 very remarkable change—an evident improve
 ment. He was far cleverer than he was ever wont
 to be; his awkward gait remained, but hia took
 i was no longer the same. His eye, once so rest
 less, that used to be looking on every side, as it
 constantly expecting either reproof or ridicule,
 was now still aud placid, aud a beam of content-
 J ment shone in it. He always saluted me with a
 look of kind and familiar recognition; and if I oc
 casionally stepped aud said a word to him, replied
 as if pleased at the notice.
 1 im puzzled and perplexed at first about this
 change iu a man, whose imbecility of mind I had
 ouce regarded as alike painiul and hopeless.—
 Upon making a more particular inquiry, I found
 that, iu the company to which he b longed, be
 had become a laciied to the little child d one of
 his comrades of whom he look as much care as
 if it had beeu his own; that he spent all his spare
 pay upon u; thal be did his duty quietly, wasreg
 i uiar, nud neither troubled his fellow soldiers, nor
 i was troubled by them; aud that he never associat
 ed with the men, but was always with this little
 child, who was exceedingly loud ol him. Here
 j was the secret. 1 more partici'arly observed him
 i ever atter; I often met him with th« child in hi*
 hand; a little common looking child—jost old
 enough to in t by hi* aide, aud stammer out its
 j hkiug—with eyes that to him had beauty, for they
 i looked up to him with affection. Here was the
 secret; he had never hitherto foand ia the coid
 I world any thing to lovk him, any thing he could
 love. Here was a heaven sent object exactly
 j suited to his heart's want; a hide atraoger ia this
 i earth, too young to kuow, and to take part with
 I those who despised hi in. A little thing, which.
 perhaps had first attracted hta notice, when, iu the
 chance absence of its parents, it stood terrified and
 helpless, and crying in a tumultuous barrack
 ro m.
 Poor Kit, who bad been buffeted with rough
 ness from his very cradle, had beeu frightened or
 laughed out of hia wits, and then scorned for hav
 j mg cone; had been the sport of the lane or alley
 1 in which he was born, and then been driveofrom
 I the haunts of home—first to be the butt of his fei*
 low workmen, and uext of those amongst whom
 he had cast in hia Jot to mend hia fate or to be
 ml ou't”—had now found something to love him
 Gfteuume* now. as 1 met him aad the child to-,
 gs bar. aad mused upon this sweat mystery,
 did I repeat iu my heart for the many sharp words
 1 had once given him; and for many thought!***
 and unfeel.ag sinilee at his folly, i saw, bourev
 T. bv the vsrv expression of his complaceat eye,
 that I was fully forgiven. He had ub bate, no
 malice, no memory for wrong; ho was peaceful
 and grade, aud passed whole day* playing with
 this child. Kit. to. was now elevated to the dig
 oity of an instructor. Ha was anil sun pie, (mu he
 was no longer silly. He eeuld sot read; yea. be
 coaid— on€ &lt;d God'o booko t for eoald tp«; he
 could oee the high heavens, aud the marry firms
 meut; the aun by day. aad tho moon by night
 t have ooea him with hi* little comfort, walking
 ri the ramparts cf Fsit St. Gootfa is tkc ew|«
the evening, and, pointing to tfco white mil tad
 to tho anchored vessel. and Is ashing the child In
 etutter out the name* of them objects.
 The suffering of thane who are looked upon as
 half erased or fools, ha* in it this meet bitter ingre
 dient; they have do mate in their sorrow. TVy
 suffer slews, spare: with a eauedenonem that they
 are degraded. Kit's suffering was new all at aa
 end; he was no longer aieno in the world- Bat
 I kanw wot at this time that hr had gnttsw higher
 coasoiathm. 1 will some day. aaid I to mjwelt,
 •peak t* him abont hia immortal sotri, and hw
 hopes of an hereafter.
 It chanced a few week* afterward*, that, a* I
 was visiting some men of my ewn company ia Ike
 hospital, in passing doom the ward. I observed
 poor Kit, lying in bed, nick. I sat down by him.
 took hia hand, and spoke to him with tends me**;
 he was very ill. I named the Redeemer; he
 knew the sound—knew it, not perhaps as some
 would have wanted him to know it —hat a* a
 sound that had already leached a chord ia his
 ble heart; he had heard that all hie tins win Id be
 forgiven, and bow 7 he had simply believed the
 message and gratefully accepted the pardon. He
 had gotten wisdom, not knowledge. Theie was
 peace, hope and the joy of a simple confiding treat
 in his Redeemer.
 1 visited him again: again the same was hie en
 viable state of mind. The next end last tune I
 saw him, he wa« dying and speechlem- 1 whk*
 pared in his dulling ear; he opened his eye# —me
 knew nie—he looked pleased and happy; be tried
 to return the pressure of mv hand. I placed It on
 his forehead. The death damps were already on
 hia brow. "He ia pleased,"said the orderly, "to
 see von, sit; he knows yon." "He waa pleased,
 friend.” aaid I. to hear the word of promise in
 his ear—to hear the sound of hia Redeemer's
 name—to hear the word of Christ.”
 Fredertkii Bremer.
 From Chambers’ Journal.
 Frederika Bremer has bad the good fortune not
 onlv to wiu popularity and esteem for herself, bat
 also to create a general interest in behalf of the
 literature of her native country, eo that translated
 copies of Swedish poets aud historians now obtain
 a place on the shelves of our public as well as oar
 private libraries, and are inquired for with avidity
 by the ordinary class of intelligent readers.
 Some alight notice of this accomplished writer,
 as well aa of one or two of her literary country
 women, may not be unacceptable to our readers.
 Frederika Bremer was born iu the year 1802.
 After the death of her father, abe iuHabited Stock
 holm for a while, aud afterwards spent some time
 with a friend in Norway. She now dwells with
 her mother and sister close to the northern gate of
 passing her summers at a neighbor
 ing eatato called Ar*ta. It is said that she has
 portrayed her parent in the venerable and singu
 lar lad'y who occupies the foreground in her re
 cent tale entitled I he Midnight Sun,” wherein
 also her fair younger sister is beautifully sketched,
 as the suffering yet lovely Innermost” This
 sister is watched over by .Miss Bremer like some
 fragile plant, which needs ail the BUnshine of life
 to make it bloom in freshness and beauty; and it
 ia from the outpouring of her own unselfish heart,
 that Frederika Bremer has given such living pic
 tures cf sisterly love and care.
 It would be idle to speak here of her works, for
 they are in every body's hands; and the merits of
 her principal personages are discussed with as
 much freedom in society as if they were our next
 door neighbors, or our intimate acquaintances.—
 But our readers will like to know wfiat sort of be
 ing in her outer aspect is the lady who has given
 us such charming pictures of other women. That
 one who has already passed the boundary line of
 middle age should long since have lost the fresh
 ness of youth, is self-evident to all; but we wish
 it were allowed ui to add, that some traces of
 loveliness were still visible about her perkon, for
 we are conscioas'o!' an instinctive disappointment
 when the whole human being is not at harmony
 with itself, when a lofty intellect and a pure ima
 gination are not embodied in a fair and noble ex
 terior. Miss Broiner, however, is decidedly plain.
 Her spare, sallow features are, however, lighted
 up by a look full of intelligence aud sweetness, and
 her meagre form is set off by the neat simplicity
 of h6r attire. There is, perhaps, somewhat of the
 teacher in her aspect —a certain staid and mea
 sured glance, winch is often perceptible in those
 who are accustomed to tvaich over and check the.
 waywardness of youth. Yet this sort of formali-!
 ty does not destroy the intellectual kindness of her
 countenance. She is quite aware of her own nn
 attracliveness, and has therefore always positively
 refused to have her likeuess taken. The picture
 cf her which is in circulation, is only an imagina
 ry cue, invented by a German painter for the pro
 fit of some bookselling speculation. It waa hu
 morously reported last year in a Swedish news
 paper, that the Americans had just despatched a
 celebrated portrait painter to Rome and Stock
 holm for the expre&gt;s purpose of taking the like
 nesses of "the Pope and the Bremer.”
 la Sweden, her tale of "Home” is preferred
 far above any of her other works. It is allowed,
 even by her giea'.est admirers, that while the au
 thoress views with a poetic eye the narrow and
 tranquil com se of domestic life, and therefore
 sheds a tender glow around its scenes, she fails
 altogether in the gift of bold conception. Her
 female Ekeichej are drawn with truth and spirit;
 but when she attempts to portray a manly char
 acter, her imagination pictures forth only some
 disjointed fragments, abounding in mistakes and
 improbabilities. Her philosophy is also some
 what too transcendental for the fiction of everyday
 life; and it is perhaps too frequently intruded on j
 the attention of her readers. But fault fiading is l
 an ungrateful task wheu there is so much to ad-1
 mire and to approve of as in works of Frederika
 Bremer.
 Curiosities of Literature.
 Frequent allusions have been made to a large
 collection of books said to have been brought from
 Mexico by Gen. Scott, we were induced, during a
 recent visit to Washington, to step into the State
 Department and make some inquiries on the sub
 ject. Iu a room elegantly fitted up for the pur
 pose, and containing, as we supposed, about three
 thousaud volumes, of various sizes aud descrip
 tions, we found L. F. Tasistro, Esq., busily en
 gaged ia the task of analyzing and examining a
 vast multitude of aucieut manuscripts, which
 form a portion of the collection. Borne of these
 manuscripts are of great historical vciue, and are
 said to throw more light on the early systems of'
 legislation in Mexico, than all the published ac-1
 counts with which the art of printing has made
 us acquainted. They are chiefly the productions
 of learned Jesuits who flourished in the seven-)
 teenth century; the language and style being re- J
 markable for that succinctness aud elegance,
 i which characterize the productions of that class of;
 writers. We have been informed that in the 1
 course of his critical investigations, Mr. Tatiatro
 has made some very important discoveries aa to’
 the peculiar agencies which have at all times
 been employed bv the rulers of Mexico, for keep
 tig the elements ot political melioration within 1
 specified bounds, and in imparting to the popular
 mind that aversion for free institutions which ren
 ders their republican system so defective and im
 perfect even at the present day. The result of,
 these investigations will no doubt be comroonica-'
 ted to the country at a proper time; and we are'
 i satisfied that the task of winnowiog oat the pare
 gold from the abundance of baser metals with!
 which the collecuoa is encumbered, eoald not
 hare fallen into more competent hands ih«n those
 of Mr. Tasiauo, who is emineutly qualified, both
 by education and habits of industry, to perform
 duties requiring theekerciso of judgment and the
 display oi taste.
 Aa the notices which have appeared from time
 to time in contemporary presses concerning the
 1 character of these documents, aud the manner in
 which they wero obtained, have produced contfii
 erable misapprehension in the public mind. We
 will briefly state what we know upon the subject.
 Shortly after the National Palace had been taken
 possession of by the Atuer.can troops, the apart
 ment where the public archrees are kept was ea
 i tered by a baud of lawless ruffians, ooaeiatiag of
 I the very refuse of the Mexican population, who
 commenced the work of destruction by emptying
 j the shelves of their precious contents, and netting
 fire u&gt; whatever came tu their way.
 While this new Ephesian outrage was being
 consummated. Major Reynolds, pf the Marine
 corpe. accompanied by Lt Augustas Nicholson.
 burst into the room, aad with the flat of their ea
 brea drove the barbarous vaudals from the place
 It was ehiofly through the persona! exertions aad
 indomitable courage of Lieat. Nieboboa, howev
 er, who. although a mere boy of scarcely 18 years
 ofags, had already rendered the most distinguish•
 cd services iu many a hard fought battle daring
 the campaign, that these records of the peat were
 j saved trom deauucuou. Ll Nicholson, it msj
 be ea well to remark, ia a eon of Maj. A. A- Nich
 olson, osi of the beat officers that ever graced the
 Marine corps.
 The document* thus rescued from tho
 rabble, were afterwards packed spin boxes, by
 tho order of Geu. Bcou, aad aest on to Wmkiag
 too. Soon after the treaty ef peace hod beeaooa
 eluded, a formal demand for the recovery ef the
 xieka was made by Us nearly aeeredtted Mi meter
 from Mexico, aad a is probable that after tnta
 •enpta or trsdalatteae shall have boat* made ef
 eaoh work* m may he fimtad to he of eaiammoa
 vahm to oar eoaatry* thof will ba mat back. Bo
 fat. bo wove*, toot Miico banag irjjiitiniii
 &amp;WBEFJi
of L *l plainl agitet air Gabenuneat for the abi
 nte aad temporarv detention of these maatv doc
 ■meat* it owe* as a debt ef gremede commen
 surate with the importance it »ttect»*s to tho re
 covery ef them. __ £ff- Y. Express.
 la the letters ef Boverd Tsyler et see, we find
 the following interesting paregreph ia reiotioo to
 well known Snath Amancau pehtwwni
 Among tho iibssii ar who came on board
 et Ban Diego, fc OeaTvaUainnl. of the Republic
 of Ecuador, recondy appointed Charge to the
 United Stales. He reached
 days from Guayaquil, and cornea to California tu
 establish a Consulship at Sen Fraaefeco. It was
 hie retention to have gone to W ashington, by tne
 overland route, but owing to the representation*
 of the emigrants who have lately arrived, he will
 return ia the steamer to Panama Gea. Yailumit,
 who tree aid lo Bolivar during the Sooth Ameri
 can independence, is well koowm to the world
 through the historr of the Colombia Republic
 He is n native of New Orleans, aad speaks Eng
 lish with perfect fluency. After the secession ol
 Ecuador from Colombia, he obtained Gen. Flore*
 a groat of one ef the Gallipogoe Islands—argrewp
 well known to whalers, Ijrng on the Equator. COU
 miles west of Gaovaqail. On this islsud, which
 be named Florida,' he bea lived for the peat six
 teen years. The 120 bead of cattle, which lie
 originalhr placed there, have now grown iulo a
 herd of $.OOO from which he has stocked some
 of the adjoining islands. His colour contains 154)
 •oak, wh* rake on the light new ami, ebandatu
 crops of grain and vegetables. The island ia 15
 miles in length by 12 in breath, lying in Ist- I
 3J 3. aad its highest part ia shoot 5000 foet above
 the level of the sea The foil bat from 12 to 16
 inches deep, yet each is the profusion of vegeta
 ble growth, that, as Geo Vill&amp;mil informs me, its
 depth ha* ia many places increased six inches
 since he first landed there. The supply of water
 is obtained in a very singular manner. A large
 porous rock, on theaideof one of the mountains,
 seemed to serve as an outlet or filter for Borne sub
 terranean vein, since on its base, which is con
 stantly humid, the drops collect and fall in suffi
 cient abundance to supply a large basin in the
 rock below. Pipes from this deposite convey tho
 water to the va'ley. Its quality is cool, sweet and
 limpid, and the rocky sponge from which it drips
 never tails in its supply.”
Tax Tranced Child at Bangor. —Our readers
 will probably remember the story of a liule girl at
 Baugor, who apparently died of cholera, but re
 vived, and aaid she had been to Heaven, where
 she saw her mother,and where she was to go again
 on the following Sunday. The Bangor Whig of
 the 12th gives the sequel as follows:
 "On Sunday afteruoon Mr. Daniel Warren, a
 very worthy, religious man, who has been much
 among the cholera patients, feeling perhaps, a
 littlfe moved by curiosity, called to see the Util
 gill, and addressing her cheerfully, told her that
 ■he appeared better and would soon be well, and
 get out in a day or two.
 But I’m going to mother again at 4 o’clock,”
 she quietly and softly raid.
 When, to-morrow
 No, to-day.”
 Mr. Warren endeavored to turn her attention to
 hopeful prospects of recovery; but the little suf
 ferer was fast sinking away—the death rattle was
 heard, and she soon ceased to breath, her pulse
 stopped, and the fixedness of death was impress
 ed upon her beauUful countenance. Sho was
 dead.
 Mr. Warren looked at the town clock, in the
 distance, from the window, for there was no clock
 in the house, and it was just four o’clock.
 While pondering upon, to him, the singular co
 incidence in this case, and about half an hour had
 passed, new signs of life appeared, and again the
 spirit of the sweet girl returned. She asked for
 water and said she was tired and sunk into a quiet
 sleep.
 Since then she has been gradually recovering,
 but the eldest sister, who watched her so tenderly
 and who would bo willinglyhave' accompanied her
 to live with her mother in heaven, was the next
 day taken with cholera and the following day she
 died aad was buried.
Iron Faced Stores. —The front wall of store
 No. 183 Broadway, occupied by J. Mtlhau, drug
 gist, has beeu torn down, and replaced by a very
 tasteful and substantial one of cast-iron,by James
 Bogardus, who constructed the iron stores on the
 corner of Washington aud Murray-streets, also
 those in Center-street. We understand that Mr.
 B. has similar contracts in various parts cf the city.
 The chief merit of these fronts is their durability
 and strength They can be put up in a day, when
 the old wall isonce removed. Mr. B. is also about
 constructing several iron buildings, among which
 is a small meeting house, nho a bank building and
 a store-house—the latter for a geuiiem&amp;n at Ma
 zatlan, and supposed to be destined for California
 [Jour. Com.
Punch aptly illustrates the position of the
 French government, in its relations with Rome,
 by the following simile:
 Once upon a time there was a gentleman who
 won an elephant in a raffle; it was a very tine el
 ephant, and was very cheap at the price the gen
 tleman paid for his chance. But the gentleman
 had no place to put it in; nobody would take it otf
 his hands; he couldn’t afford to keep it; he was
 afraid of the law if he turned it loose into the
 streets; he was too humane to Ist it starve; he
 was afraid to shoot it; in short lie was in a per
 plexity very natural to a gentleman with—mode
 rate means, a small common feelings of
 humanity and an elephant. France has wou her
 elephant at Rome.”
A Female Seeking as a Sailor.
 —A girl, who has been some five years disguised
 as a common sailor, was recently detected on
 board a steamer lying in Cork harbor. She slat
 ed that her family connections reside at St. Johns,
 New Brunswick; that her motive for thus forsak
 ing her home in favor ef a sailor's life, was in or
 der thatshe might meet with her*educer—a Cap
 tain Bradford—and be revenged upon him for for
 saking her and her child. The magistrates pro
 pose to send her home to her native place.
Such was the frequent occurrence of duels, in
 the reign of George ill., that 172 were fought, iu
 which 314 persons were concerned; 69 individu
 als were killed, in three of these fatal eases neith
 er of the combatants survived! 96 were wound
 ed. 48 of them desperately, and 48 slightly; while
 179 escaped unhurt.
Early Rising. He who will thrive must
 rise at five." So says the proverb, though there
 is more ef ryhme than reason in it; for ii
 He that will thrive must rise at five,
 it must follow, a fortiori.
 He who’d thrive more must rise at four;
 and it would ensue, a fortissimo
 He who'd more thriving be, must always rise
 at three:
 He who'd the former outdo, must rise as early
 as two; and, by way of climax, it should bold
 good that
 He wbo’d ne’er be outdone, most always
 rise at one,
 while, as a clincher to the whole, it should be ad
 ded as a sort of grand climacteric, that
 He who'd be thriving quite; must sit up ail the
 night.
 ■M J r L r
 An infirm old gentleman was foand by a rogue
 moaning sadly at something lost.
 What’s the inatter.bir 7” said the fellow.
 Ob, sir, a villain just stole my gold-laced hat
 from my bend, aud ran away with it.”
 Why don’t you run after him 7” asked the
 rogue.
 Bleat your heart, air, 1 can't run at ail—l
 can hardly walk.”
 "The deuce you ean't," said the rogue, "and
 he stole your hat 7"
 Ye*, he did. sir."
 And you ean’t ran 7"
 Net L"
 "Nor catch him 7”
 No.-”
 Th*o boro goes for your wig," and accord
 ingly. pulling on that for the head, the
 fellow went off like a shot, and the old gentleman
 kft bald a* a coot
Tax Last Remedy.—B*m ■■■liveacu the
 hank of the Delaware, and was a »*fhty banter,
 and no tom mighty fisher. Ho was plagued wuh
 1 degenerate sea, who manifested no predilection
 for hie (other’s interesting pursuits. One day,
 B*m’s patience gave oat entirely, sad he exclaim
 ■d k the bitterneas of his mortification:
 Cars* me. Teen. If you’re not gettin* perfect
 ly wen bless: yoa'H neither bunt aer fieb; fo
 l don’t send yu to rckooU"
Homebody vary Wfiil/y oaf* tbot two bloom
 tag young ladies got congat oat u&gt; a shower eery
 roeeoffy, aad whoa they bad got beam, the tain
 •’■shod the very color out if tkdr dusks.—
 Wbatapdy!
Prido may sesaotimso bo a asofai spring board
 fo U»o aspiring seal, bat it to much mors frequent
 ly dsotrsedve stumbling-block.
Brieta, mate #f gttaa, are a#w used la the eon
 of WMui, far ike purpose of latrodue
 witfc— fa—if Ike atreagth ©f the
 VWi f j t i
 F k *fc
'^bocrttstmratfl.
KOKTHAHKWWATni CCRE
 ELECTRICITY ZTffMOPATHY.
 w «id« fcfci far «eit -iic phwi*to*i«»f
 i*restigatiofi, th ough ridicuW °PP' #e r
 fr»t Miwwwitat in W 44, ky pnffv*-
 i sedty Kwatiftc m, bMf •*V"£ l, 1 by e t
 anu of phil&lt;wophic mid srieiUific knowledge, and liv
 t the experience and testimony ©f tbmw*id», wfco have
 teatrd bis ti*ry by uw* n»o— i* tlmir wwt,
 ti*e undersigned is confident that tins principle of
 natural and phv»io!»ztral i* w to J*
 idrrstood i» W justly by an i tellur* t
 and investigating public. _
 Sustained by nock testimony, and more than lire
 wa rs* practical eapnrienee 99 Diagaoaian and Hy
 jrop.itimt, tiie undersigned would here repeat the
 conuluiiiini at wirch tie ku of
 f touch. Ist. That the human body, in a healthy
 condition, is in a positw* tUctrical Hat*. 2d. Itot
 there are electrical emanations from the cuticlar
 surface, indicative of health* or the nature and
 synipti.au 5i disease. 3d. That ail where
 i tlie wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in At electro-post
 tive state, (however disturbed,) there is hope of n
 cure; but w„ eo the parta of the Iwdy alluded to are
 in th electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 rio relief.
 Had b ,i Me results of his practice already con
 vinced the public of the truthfulness of the principle*
 bv which the nndessign^d’l 9 governed, in detecting
 the nature a,id symptoms of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration of their cor
 rectness, In- Professor Means, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Hearner, of Enftaad, «*»d the fccu and c.rrehofa
 tive testimony addaced by Dr. Forbes, Mr. Smee,
 and others, should be sufficient to courince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for his success as a Diagnostic and Hy
 ‘dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure lo relieve of their complaints, the under*
 signed will enJeavor to merit tha confidence of all
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cute,
 by his orrp*al and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensonville, on the west liank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dtcss*
 ing-ruoius, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of baths, ahindantly supplied with water,
 which, tor purity, and adaptedness to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodious
 building lias just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with the main building, will accommodate front 50
 to 60 patients. A ■ymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa-
 I tients to enjoy their rambles without being exposed
 to public or observation
 Among the complaints which are* here successfully
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chit is, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 j dice, acute or chronic intiammaiiou of the bowels,
 piles, dispepsy, general debilitj, nervous and spinal
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism,
 j neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, raralysis, fevers, salt
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipel "humors.
 Ail (xirsons who visit tius establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves w ith
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases,
 »*ix. or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Tehjis.—For treatment and board .from $550 to
 jsB 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors,
 s'9 00—vvit!u room-mate, $6.50. For one alooe on
 the third floor, $8 50— with room-mate, $5 bO
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in their
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnish
 their own nurses and fuel, of pay ail extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00.
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention.. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in stating their, last
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID KUGGLES.
 1 Northampton, Maas., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from tiie
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither. That- the sick and nervous
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arrivin'*
 in tiie evening train are reqnestsd to take lodgings
 at a hotel.
The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, which
 is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ug oil in silence from the cuticular surtax, so tnat
 out of* 356 experiments made by Mr. Heminer of
 England, upon ttie uncovered shin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity* This surplusage
 of the fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indis
 pensable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, aud that when, from any cause, it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 See address delivered before the Medical College of
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, iNov.
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A*M., M.D., Professor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 Science m Emory College, Ga., page 25
 Dr. John For Los, editor of the British and For
 eign Medical Review, in an able article on the con
 dition and function of the skin, says: Perhaps
 there is scarcely any disease in which the func
 tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged.
 To what extent, physicians have uot bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they been accustomed
 to give much attention to this part, in the practical
 investigation of diseases. Physiology
 teaches u.&lt; that it is the vehicle for conveying out
 of the system a large amount of matter, as well solid
 as liquid; and practical experience exhibits it asf
 toe channel Uiruugh which the matenu morbt in
 many instances, and the burthen of plethora gene
 rally, find their exit.”
 The London Sun, alluding to the discovery
 .voltaic electricity by Alfred Smee, Surgeon to the
 Bank of England, says: “By a test w hich he terms
 electro-voltaic, he has satisfied himself th it the ter
 aiinatoin* of the sensor nerve? are positive poles o 1
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is th 1
 negative pole. The sensor nerves are the telegraplie j
 which carry the actuation to (he brain, and the moto
 nerves carry hack the volition to tiie muscles.” Sej
 X. Y. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Dr. Holhck, on uie subject of electricity, remarks:
 There is no age nl that affects the body more, both
 naturally and artificially. See his work on -Neu-j
 ropathy, punished in Philadelphia in 1847, p. 127.
 The following extract is from an interesting arti- j
 cle on electricity, copied by the N. Y• Jonrual ofj
 Commerce fruai a tbr«igt&gt; Scientific Keview: “I
 do not prereno to say that a deficiency of electricity
 may not occur iu one p.irt of tile hum &gt;n body, an.:
 an excess in some otlier part, for a time, and that
 this may not be toe cause of disease, and the resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; i think this most
 likely, and tuit it is upon this principle, in a great
 meass.e, that the wo ukrrful effects of electrr-mag
 netism, in uie cure of disease, are to be explained, j
 It is certain that, when our electrical machines are
 most wit.vdy productive, we ail feel most vigorous.
 Our nervous systems are then most firm; our diges
 ive organs most active; our minds most clear
i Asylum for tbe Sick who hare been con*
 timed to these beds Irons 1 to 20 year*.
 f\R. HA.MIL I ON d Hydi Offline sad Analytic
 JL/Asylmn, .No 217 Excbiuge Street, opposite toe
 Orphan A avium, Rochester, N-'V. Tbit Institution
 is uow Urraly established aud to successid opera*
 Uoo. The proprietor analyses every disea* e hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro-, 1
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 mat is applied hi any *ater-eere establishment in
 the Umteu states, jt* the proprietor wishes it to lie
 expressly underst/od that it is not relied on as the e*lg
 or principal i emedy in the treatment of disease sub
 ■sued to hit care.
 Tins Eftlbiishiaeat is assigned Car that dess of j
 invalids who hare failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems «f practice, and are stiß suable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 bads, wearing out a hie of misery and sabering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 TLe remedies made ose ofin this Institution not j
 only eatirely remove divenae hat five increased i
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have j
 insea brought here from inherent parts of the conn
 try, a ho bad neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet firomefiva u&gt; fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to drees or undress, or even
 in feed themselves, andte the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 I the tpuckneas of a pedeitruu, astonished at them
 setvoa, and surprising their fiiends and ai who saw
 than whan they hr»i earn*. The treatment of Ibis
 laetituttun is pwrticubrly calculated to remove the
 iiseases peculiar to fema-es, such as
 Ist. The felling of the to oaab, in *1) its stages
 sod conditions in patients, firom twelve year* ef age
 rp to sixty, and evee if they have been confined to
 -heir beds from one to twenty, unable to aland, walk,
 ircss, or nadfeto themselves, nr even too feeble to
 War any noma or speak aiowd.
 U to'eakors* and Falling ef Urn Booth; Pain
 &gt;a the Side, auouktrrs, Back and Hoad fai«i
 Oiecisas, Liver Complaints, Sinking at
 dto Stomach, Falpttation of the Hsdrt, Dyspepsia
 a *U tu forms and stag as, Fifes, fmuvewton, Di.
 Ifei U l
nrrhcrn, Sapprt-svifwi oT* the M«mm, Eacaaeivt
 Menstruation. White*, all Nntow Ditum, Coh
 Fwt and Itamb, Bt. Aat htmfe Dance, Tener* o
 all kiadi, Salt Rhtwi, ia it* woret fortt, S«nl
 fie. Tie Plalaam, Rbewnstmm, Coaaamrtiad »i
 K* first stage*. Genen.l Weak arm aad LMJlrty.
 The peeprlefor ha* given hi* abb ama*«w»
 the above diseases for tfaa he* ten years, and fa*
 treated them in an entirely different way mm air
 other private practice or public Institution m tb*
 country; aad *oH» has been his mttw, and so cer
 tain are hi# remedies in their effect* on those die
 ea*M, that ia*tead of pubkshiag a loaf Hat of rm
 liM cures, he wishes to give that clast of 1 1 valid
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarant*
 Xmst any false pretensions, exaggeration, impn
 hi or drrepten, *o that no one need be to an
 expense in this Institution without being benefit?'
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrar
 with any aae who wishes to do so, that be will
 nit into* the tostitm ton, to advance the money an
 par all the expenses Iron* any part of the Unite
 State# here ami hack' home again, before he com
 mences the tieataent, and give a bond to board then
 togethet with hi* professional service*, for nothing
 if be doe* not help them according to contract. An
 use thinking the above proposition not a sufficien
 guarantee against mist epiesentat ion* and expeus
 without receiving equal benefit, car. let the prnpne
 tor know what wiL be satisfactory, aad it shall b
 duly co. sidered.
 Thu Institution has grown op from private prat
 lice by the influence of those who have been bel;.e&lt;
 here, as nothing has ever been published befotc
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsei
 by its own merits, or pay the exjiense of those wfa
 choose to make a cunt* act in case of foiluie. Tin
 design of ibis Circular is not to make known tiw
 cures that have been made in this institution, hecau*
 they must soon be believed; but to let it I* nio
 extensively knou u to the poor suffering invalid:
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in try ing al
 other systems of practice, and without much or an
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds froti
 five fo twenty year*, that there is an Institutioi
 whose treatment is different from any other one tli
 United States, and is particularly adapted to thei
 situation, and cat, have it cost them nothing unles
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution
 the nnmber of patient* must be limited, therefote tli
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight an
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by othe
 systems of practice;'nor does lie want any one t
 come, unless they wish to get well, ami are willin
 to tie made well enough to walk from five to tweut
 mi lea at a time, and follow it up day after day i
 succession; and also willing to be made able to eo
 dura as much labor and fatigue as most of peopl
 that call themselves well, as he meafts that ve r
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatmei
 jin the Analytic Institution shill how bv their ii
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, ilrmness
 texture, capability of endurance, aud improve
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is fount
 j ed on the natural laws of organized matter, an
 consequently its superiority over every other di
 i ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Ur. THOM A;
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receiv
 immediate attention. If requested, reference wi
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibilit
 ortbe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
 Ilalsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute
 and Water-lnre Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operatio
 during fourteen years, for the cure of allClnoni
 Diseases, aud such as cannot be removed by med
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND P
 tienls have been restored to health and usefulne;
 j by the treatment pursued at this Institution, wh
 could not find relief by qnv other course of med
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to the
 beds for years, and who were almost in dtspaii
 have had renewed hope and courage when they Itav
 learned that others,- laboring under as many discom
 agements 1 as thems* Ives, have been cured By tli
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are tailoring under CHRONIC,&gt;NEF
 VOUS, or SPINAL dilhculties, CURVATURE.'
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms 01 almost all oth&lt;
 i diseases, with their accompaniments—as 1)Y?
 PEPSI A,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COi
 TiVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF TH
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAI
 i TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other disea-i
 arising from tlie same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 j NESS, which they nor their physicians underlain
 j and which medicine ajone will not cure—to sue
 j sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds ju
 j like you every year. brihg their wivi
 and children fo have them cured—why not cou
 yourselves, and save life, time anti money
 We are using water iu all the various ways i
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yt
 we do not rely sefely upon it, or upon medicines a
 they are generally understood and applied; hut
 i COMBINED TREATMENT WITH 15LitCTRItIT 1
 and anew mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its tfiioacy, aqd is always sure to ctire“4n on
 half the tjine it takes under any other treatmenl
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is nt
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diskases.—Prolapsus Iteri'ffelfm
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [w hites] suppressed pn
 excessive menstruation, the di.-eases incident t
 that period known as the turn of life’—involontar
 discharge of urine aud injuries from Childhearing
 which are more frequent Ulan Physicians are willin
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice
 I Females frequently suffer for years from the disease
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most
 few months’treatment, would remove their diflicultie
 and restore them to their .families, with health t
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to th
 happiness of ottiers. This has never failed to b
 accomplished &gt;u a single instance in this Institution
 liowever weak and helpless the patient may hav
 been.on entering it. Many have come hundreds t
 miles on beds, in easy chans, by boat, by carriag
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. Thes
 ladies liave walked miles daily before leaving th
 Institutkn.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence m that ua par
 nlelled treatmenl for all long standing or Chrome c iu
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer th
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 IVs will enter into a special written agreement wit
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow th
 rules and regulations, and go through the system o
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and Jrot
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, a*
 give them our professional services, fret of charge, i
 they art not helped according to agreement. Tins it i
 hoped w ill put a stop to cries of empyricism fioo
 those interested in keeping patients under their ow
 charge, and wdi be .a guarantee to those worn ou
 by disease, who have spent much of their sobstanci
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, wilhou
 imdiag it; mat here they will not spend their mrme&lt;
 without benefit, and that no lalae statements or itn
 positions wit! be practice-! upon them.
 The modus operands of cunng Female difficulties i
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have btm con
 fused"for years art relieved immediately, and if not pr,
 vented.from walking by other diseases, con go u t
 and down daws in 48 hours after commencing treatment
 without fear or trouble «t regard to their origin\l &gt;tij
 turulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief
 the patient a subjected to no pain or mconiemenct am
 i* every mutant* a speedy curt it performed. If am
 one doubts let them select the most trying and dtffi
 cult case they can find, aad ted our mac* ty and shUl
 Our TERMS art easy.
 S. B. —Any one wishing to know more about ou
 .yttea of treatment for Lose diwasesor any otfo
 -amenity can address us [post paid] au-1 we wd
 send them aoaccounted the Institution—Certificate
 of cuve—-official report of last year, he., free o
 charge— together with the most respectabe refer
 enee* in the city and country
 P. ll.—Our room is urn-ted. therefore we wan
 noat to apply that can be cured ax bom*. We prafi
 ourselves in curing what other* are not foituuah
 enough todo.
 CutamcuueauotM should be addressed toHiLmi
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., poa
 paid.
 jUr*a»»€*», Jaetph Field Ex-Maww, am
 Rev. G. W. .Montgomery, Rochester, N. t.
 “Every Nu hh ewi Phyniciaa.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and vaiuabi* bool
 for every family u&gt; the country, aod one that m;
 be consulted with perfect safety. A# its title ps»g
 indicates, it i* “THE HUME DOCTOR,or
 Manual, giving the 'Junes, symptom* ami trewUoeai
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while u
 health, and raise for preserving that stats. Appen
 dad to which are recipe* for making various turdi
 chws and article* for diet for the kirk room. Th
 •hole wnttea for general aae and daih .practice, b
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, acrompamiug this book, or separate, i
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted excfomvel
 ueHerbs, giving their name*, v artel**, dr xnptsue
 medical propeniea and dose*, aae, tune of gather &gt;tg
 and many other duncuon* very aw fol for every fern
 Uy to know, and written expressly for family nee.”
 The Herb Book is devoted eofchr to Popular Jfo
 ted Betony, and will famish em mat point xH th
 nesssed tnformntsuM wanted for general nan**’
 The two loAs are put up aad botmd together
 contain pngee, prsee IS cents, or aold nepnrat
 at Uf cenu..
 Tbn sytoptom* of enck disease are tarcftdly girt
 so tent won amy he rocofaixed from aoofLer, to t
 vent erwnisf in the dark; elan the it w lt
 eketch of gaaarxlpiQMoiy. and ndee for ke*p M
 bealth, together enenoi
 ww»s, ww
 T
The hook hM be#" written with
 pfcuo. simple, co*nx&lt;n-*ep«e ens.h lo
 by wnr fW«.«db, pmeac, phy*.
 rwiii ami a thoro* rh botanist. W« ran rr^imL
 iit «»th. i Ml»#Cr Hi. iu. m Mrffinrii; super *r
 I satTOfe%£3 ,b
 i FmuUs m ike ™*-ic*.nd eaperwUy hs
 no! tail to p*nm« n copy am) bare it stirtl times
 I h wl c *«fcne*» m they m&gt;&lt;ht thereby bv
 i Tf!
 J£ rs w a irk. Jr*" Kx4
 slhxiU he mevery l*mae as a safe t ee vfvto
 Ml ÜBW of need, the Hirer ,on g,,*, ft* pen*,*
 health i"ar.rKit hr too Mrirtly nttrorVa
 The price at which the look is aoW U ii» hjw |W
 ever J tamily n»s bare 4 copy, a*,) nr&gt;
 Without it.
 The book ia pet .p n Pape,
 I t-r «'ll In mail. PfrO irr.
 llaartqTlhe l n.ini State. any
 Pty* Any per** aeoHmj; ns oWsar h* mail, *no
 P** l l**J ,r »»f h»U£e on the letter, «l»tf h4»«’i««
 J Ct'Dfrs wnt him frtt ofpOStttft.
 Pet* in yo.w order**. there n ao ri* in -endow
 nioney by mail, it comes to m daily, and the book*
 j a r cf ih*'ir destination.
 Jp“ Four fcmiltra can H»h tether and act* a
 T e f M,r fn "«e adores*
 A 1 —Ag* run in m-. at of the States to sell
 j tni» work, ahnoat every frmilty will purchase it if
 ttnnieri to ti-eir doors. A *owli capital f from 5 20
 to will be necessary for each aaent. Addiesa
 *o*pud, OKO. W. FISHER.
 April 1,1-U9. 6 EvrSiansp-at, Roriwaier, N*. Y.
merchant
 G
 w
 B
 H
 IRGLING
 HORSES Ai HI MAN
 OIL
 FOR
 H
 r.sH
I UXPARAILED IN THI HISTORY Of
 MEDICINE
 AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Applicants
 Ever Disco vend!
 TIME arid experience have fully proved ihat this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY*™ not ,t» equal
 u ’.‘C list ot popular medF-me*, haring been before
 the public for moo than fourteen year*. Testimo
 ny ot the most disinterested character of it* woe
 dcriul effect* on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is w. rthy of spe
 rial remark, that hcside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES Or THE HORSE,
 in which its viitues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of lire
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 i in a great variety of the maladies which’
 AFFLICT THE Hi MAX RACE.'
 Ignorance ot (acts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy c;.n posse** within
 itself the virtue of coring many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen year* hi* nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal family Embrocation,
 will cure most vas-cs and relieve »ucii as the follow
 ing, among many others in the.cuie of w'hicli lliis
 Oil ha* beiii completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended reined »have completely foiled:
 RHEUMATISM PAINFUL NI'RVOUS'aF
 lections, Hites of Animals, Frost Hites, Coin*,
 Boils, Inflows, Asthma, Utilise*, burn*,
 and Scalds, Crump*. Strains, Mptain#,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contraction* of the mus
 cles .Wound-, &gt;wellmg«t, Stc
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and Other
 animals,sue hr as
 SPA VIXS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windfall, 801 l Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 tiulfo of all kind*,
 Fresh Wound.-, Bruises,
 Fistula, Strain*. Lameness,
 fijaiwl Crack*, Foundered Fret; Scratches,
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, frc., &lt;*x
 Nunr-rous arc the unsolicited statements of pn-
 i tients tli.-m-&gt;elv&lt;a. and others w ho have used the Oil?
 I of cure- which, in themselves appear so remarkable
 that ivt.pt ty at all interested in apecunisry point;
 they coidd hardly have lieeu credited.
 't he celebrated Dr. Barker also writes a* follow*:
 Dear Si.; I have prencrilieJ your Gargl ng Oil in
 ♦nt ■ious Cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success,ami would com*
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumor*, sprains, white swelling*,
 and in all iheumaiic nflection*, where external
 means are necessary. A* a di.-taitifnt, it is harm-
 less where tlie-Jehrilo symptoms luive been reduced
 by gene* jl treatment. In su*h cases, it is ike mo*f
 efficient remedy within the cirtle of mean* uow iib
 use.
 1 would als &gt;,recommend it to community at forg*
 as a .safe and powerful remedy wliens there is no
 general fever in all the above disease*, to be'used’
 Iredy, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevent* swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of thi* Oil, and the
 unparalleled sucees- it has met with in the hands of
 th. FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicine* which have' been offered,
 uoue have been well adapted to the prompt cum
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it ha* been
 very justly called a Complete Banacea for the Hone.
 For instance, read the lottowing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 1 his is to certify that I have had for many year* the
 care ot from uue hundred to two hundred horses,
 and hay? made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years post, and can safely say, that fox all the
 diseases that horses are liable to", i .never saw it*
 equal. 1 use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public as the fce*t medicine for
 hoists now in use. D MINOR
 Ail orders addressed to the proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 t»et a pamphlet of the Agent, end eee whet won*
 ceis are accomplished by ibe use of this medicine.
 sioid ty respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted fet.ile* ami Canada.
 Also by Post k W illi*, Wn. Piixi.*,L. B.
 Swan, Wivslow Yoiso, H. D. *VaD«.
 Kockes ter.
 H fc L Gaylord, Henderson It Pagdereon, Cieve*
 .and, O.; G Ding k Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 k Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure k Co, Albany;
 Hollister k Co, Hor.al,; Gretnmau U Smith, Uti
 ca; P D Oiris k Co, Troy, NY. July JO-fen
 British Feriotiical Literature.
 lif London Quulrr{\ ktut o, th* Edinburgh Rtmru
 The Norm Bntirh Rt new, the Wutmtntttr SUvttui,
 ami Blackwood't Edinburgh. Mu*-Sine.
 T’HE widespread tame of these splendid period*
 X caU render* it wed less to say muenin tbeir praise
 A* literary organs, they stand for tn advanced
 anything (rf the sort now published, while the polit*
 ical complex tot* ot each u mat Led by dignity,
 umdor, nod forbearance, eot often fouud m work*
 of a party character.
 I’liey embrace foe views of the three great parti*#
 in England—Tory, Whig, ami Radical. clack
 wood and the London Uuarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and tiie W esunip
 »t*r hevirw Kadical. 1 i.e North British Re*
 view is luwe of a religion* ciusrxcter, having been
 origetally ediu-d by Dr. Chalmers, and now, amce
 bis death, being Conducted oy hr* son-in-law, Dr
 Hauna, naaucuted with bir David Brewster. Ita
 literary character is ot the very highest order. The
 Westminster, Omagh reprinted uu er that uiie enly,
 ie publtsred in England under the title of Ibe For
 erga tiluaiterly a**a Westminster—it being in’ fact a
 non** of the two Reviews formerly republished end
 repimted uwUer separate utars. It baa, therefore,
 the advantage 1 ‘hr* tvn.hraatioa of T *iag ns one
 work u&gt;* best icatm «e of both a* heretofore itrirtf
 Ifee above Periodical* sue reprinted in .New York,
 raunediair!) on tiiesr arrival by ties British aaatri.
 m a beautild clear type, oa hoe white paper, aad
 are faithful copies of the originaU, Blackwood’s
 kUgwaurc, berag aa exact/ae-woot* ot the Ediaburgb
 edition.
 TUICES FOR 184®, (IF »LE*C»i*ED FOR Z+Ki.t -J
 for any «*e of the four Reviews, *3 00 per snnuas.
 r ot may two do 0 00
 For any three 700
 For aff four of thtTßeviews, 800
 let iiiackwand’e Magazine, SOO
 for Blackwood and the 3 Reviews,» 00
 r Blackwood k the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments fa Ac mad? 11% all casts hi advanct
 CLL BRING
 r our copies of any or ail the above weeks h
 •cot to «w address on paymciu o* lb* regular sob
 •&lt;®ipt*do for tbrew—tha (earth copy befog grata. &gt;jj|
 EARLY COPIER.
 A fo'S err mgr—nt wMb foe British puMisber* ef
 Black wood’* ksjatrse eecwrv* so*ws early aheeta *4
 tfoil work, b* we shall ba sUs to pfoee tha
 ttotire nnmfx r m foe tnuade of luUir iber*.before a*y
 port.ea ot rt emo be reprinted ia any ef foe Asnettcaa
 Journal*. For foe* and ether advantage* secured to
 om enhaenheca we pay ae large a rieaiderat«on,thal
 we way be msnpelied to nuee for priea of the Mage
 xjjo- Tberafose we repeat M *ah*Br*b# aerty white
 the price lew.
 Remittances and coanamtcatsQM foookl a&gt;w*jre
 be addreeead, poet-paid or freaked, w foe Bsfohsbet.
 i LEONARD SOOTT R 66-
 IfFuUeo mmUtew Tort,
 as. dr jii.w
"
