"fredhw* mm.m,
VOL. 11. NO. Hi.
The AfORTII UTAH published pven
 Friday* at No, 2-», lluttnlo'Street*
 Uin*MnH thr t nra
 IF.R.MM
 I ,VO dollars i» i Annum, V 4 &lt;m'vu &lt;f, .No
 uUcriptmn will W re.« i' e. for aWt term |han
 •ix month*.
 «t&gt; not *M t‘&lt; ititt t&lt; lines imerted
 three time* Amt one dollni wen h&lt;\jiient iiiecr
 lion, In only-tire rents.
 Tlk l ohjeci ot ibc .V'Kih Si ik will li' lo aitatk
 "I KR\ in nil it* luriu- an-1 a?pn t« advocate
 I MHR'il F.MAMIPaIION vallthe nCtlldald
 i jubli*' morality [iromoie it.. n. &gt;t &gt;1 '-I mtrllec
 •-iU. improvement of the Cui.ori i» Pi:«&gt;n t and
 the «!av of FREEDOM in the Thrvf
 Mil 1 1’ of .nir en«laer.| Ml a oimtiunctt.
 I*l BLISHF.R’S NO I’M US.
 Ail coiniiieuic tti in- to t!.-• t
 matt&gt;r&gt; of the (tupor. ti ltin of stih-oi iWr*, remit
 i.ir.ce*, hu-., should lie in .Inks lljik,
 Pnliiiiiher.
 Agents an,l all other* -..finj i, mil :it
 ivijiH *t&lt; dto be accurate, ami to give the t*u .t ofjb
 ,ik- t wim/y, and tin- Star, ll.itii Sali-ciiixi is im
 mediately credited foi iu,&gt;in i.i eivcd.
 IJtP* Any {ternoii sen line i pavliiMU lie Imu uli
 -cribere, to lie lorwain.il t,&gt; otic a,lilies tnav
 have a tilth copy for o i \e n
 lO“ All letters ainl rnuwuii cation* must l&gt;e iwoi
 I.IST OF \CF.\Ts.
 M As* A CHITS FITS.—-K. I. W alleut. 21. &lt;ol lllliil.
 I'li'toii; Nathan Johnson, New Hell.nil; Hmatio
:
 Bourne Spooner. Plymouth; :t vi.l Hir’d, s. N.’uth
 iinptoii.
 t i»S !t tCTICI'T.—Jona. f.' ~II.L New II.IVCU.
 Nkvv York.— Sydney 11. tin. 112, \-ie;u
 Mint; Janies MT'tiuc Smith, M;l, W .-si Broad
 nay Joseph Post, estlum, tpu im I'nuniv Ma
 rt Harper, Allnm F.lias D ay. M lirptloil V Wil
 letts heese, Peru, linioii (.'ntmu J. I Platt,
 Penn Van; J. Ji Itivy t i.-m-va 1.. 1.. Platt, P.uili.
 Hltonr Ist. a m&gt;. —Ainanuiev I’ahie.Pi &lt;&gt;v ideuce.
 Pt NUtSYLPAMA.— J. Al. hi 'Kim, yi, North
 I ittli Street, PhilaiJelpitia; (j. \V. (iuinr*, s, i
 change Place, Ditto; B. Bnw n, Pittsburgh Win.
 NV hipjier, (Columbia; Alilo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.—J. J. fJnines, Fiiirinraii; Valentine
 Nicholson, liarvevsbuigh, urrun t ’ottniv Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
Selections.
From the (’hronolype.
 LETTER OF JAMES O. IJIR Vi.V.
 Lower Saginaw, .Michigan, f
 October, 1849.
 To thf. Editor:—-It may be said,
 when I shall not be here to contradict
 »t, that I have given up the principles
 by which the Liberty party was chara
 cterized in 1844, and become a mem
 ber or an avowed adherent of the Free
 Soil party. 1 judge so, because ju
 niors, relating to myself, equally
 groundless, but thought to suit the
 purposes of u party, have been once
 set afloat because, of late, J have
 received letters, written probably on
 that supposition—and because an un
 usual number ot Kree Soil newspapers
 and other documents have been sent to
 me.
 Wishing to be fully understood on
 this subject, 1 am free to declare that
 rate much higher, what 1 suppose,
 was the object of the Free Soil party
 at its formation, than, w hat I am almost
 sure, is the common object of the
 Democratic and Whig panics now.
 Not expecting that my views will in
 fluence many; nor that they wilt add
 much to the stock of information al
 ready possessed, I desire to record, in
 an enduring form, this syllabus, (tor I
 regard it as nothing else, as furnishing,
 at all times, a decisive answer to the
 notion, that I have relinquished, at least
 for the time being, opinions w hich i
 embraced with the most cautious and
 considerate reflection, and which 1
 shall, in all probability, continue to
 think true. But as 1 hold myself always
 open to conviction and as I value one
 truth higher than any number of false
 hoods, I shall consider myself indebted
 to any one, who will show me bv rea
 sonable argument and inference, that
 rny opinions are wrong, or that there
 is unsoundness enough m any position
 1 have taken, to vary the conclusion to
 which I have come. But let it he re
 membered that 1 discuss the Constitu
 tion, and not any vicious practice ot
 which it is made the cover.
 I. The object of all government, no
 matter how constituted, whether by the
 Social Compact, or by any less fanci
 ful mode, is to preserve and not to des
 troy rights.
 1 here is an obligation resting on
 every person, to conform to the law°s of
 the country m winch he lives, as long
 as those laws are not incompatible with
 a higher law-—the divine law, as he
 understands it. But no one—so fur as
 1 know—says there is any obligation on
 the slave to conform to laws that, in
 stead of preserving and protecting his
 rights, purposely destroy and annihilate
 them.
 •J. The punctual, uud certain pay
 ment ol the public debt first suggested
 the Convention of 1787; hut the Con
 ventionuts had full power to form it
 government for the whole country ol
 this we have evidence in the union then
 effected, aud which, with some addi
 tions made to the Constitution, in the
 mode pointed out by that instrument it
 self, we yet have.
 4. Ihe Constitution makes no differ
 ence between the Territories, he they
 North or South. It there was or is in
 them, any institution hohtile to the Con
 stituiton, as air order of nobility, or an
 established religion, |t goea
 out, at once on our getting possession.
 Such should have been the case with
 slavery, tor nothing is more adverse to
 our professions, and nothin.* shows
 more undeniably that it u a .s the maste
 ry over us. Our getting of
 a country in any way, ought to haw
 been a godsend to the slave who was m
 it. Establishing slavery, because it
 iu a country or Territory, when we g. i
 possession of it, shows that the Con
 stitution yields to Slavery.
 G. .Freedom is the natural, the un
 constrained, condition of man, —slave-
 *7, an artificial and constrained one.
THE NORTH STAR.
r-verv government, toutided as our« is
 I has a right to know that none of hei
 principles—especially her fundamenta
 ones—are violated, and that all, wh&lt;
 owe her allegiance, are in their nat
 ural, unconstrained condition. Th&lt;
 late President Polk tells us, in his mes
 sage to Congress of July 24, 1848
 see eekly National Intelligencer o
 July 29, 184 s.) “That where there ii
 no protection, or allegiance, or sever
 eingnty, there can be no just claim tc
 obedience*. It »un one not coming
 within the territory of a State is chargee
 with committing murder or larceny, ot
 any other offence, lie is tried by the
 la w s of the State which he has violated,
 It Mr. Polk «avs what is true—and 1
 have no doubt he does —on whal
 ground do we demand allegiance, when
 we give no protection, nor otter any;
 but, so lar from it, sutler one, un
 charged with crime, to be taken out
 from our jurisdiction; when we well
 know, too, that he will not be granted
 even the form oftrial. but lie consigned
 ti» slavery as long as be lives?
 ti. The States that sent delegates tc
 tin* Convention, were, at a verv early
 day. distinguished from the States thal
 should be afterwards formed and ad
 mitted into the Union, as “original’
 Slates. 1 hey, then, constituted the
 whole government; and if any light
 existed to establish slavery, they .had
 it. Nothing was done about abolish
 ing slavery. The Constitution gives
 the power to Congress to admit “new’
 States to the Union. So hateful was
 slavery, then, that it was not supposed,
 another slave State would ever be ad
 mitted. And because it was thought,
 that slavery could not be, entirely put
 away, at that time; it was to be con
 fined to the States who were parties tc
 the contract; where, from various
 causes, it would soon die out. How far
 they were mistakan in the effect of the
 cultivation of cotton and sugar, staples,
 to w Inch slave labor could be applied,
 thvi present number of slave States ad
 mitted into the Union will testify.
 7. Laws concurrent with the Consti
 tution of the United States are supreme,
 and the executive and judicial officers
 (those of the United States of course)
 and those ot the several States are
 bound, by oath or affiliation, to support
 it.
 8. The constitutional provision for the
 delivery of persons, charged with be
 ing Slaves, is immoral, therefore, void.
 No obligation of the kind would be en
 forced. in any intelligent Court, in the
 free States, as between individuals.
 S juM I be told, that, although the
 word Slave or Slavery, is not in the
 section above referred to—nor, indeed,
 in any pail of the Constitution, —yet
 that the section was, undoubtedly,
 meant to apply to Slaves, I freely ad
 mit the inference. Jt is my own infer
 ence; but it does not embrace Slavery
 on ils lace, and the history of this pro
 vision drives us back to that time,
 (1787,) when the Slaveholders ought
 to have begun their efforts to get rid of
 Slavery, instead of using them, as they
 have, for a long time done, and as
 they all are now doing, to extend and
 confirm it. They seem to regard the
 provision in question such is their
 faith—not as temporary, hut as per
 petual.
 i lie State ot Missouri (e. g.) was
 not in the Union, when the Constitution
 was made; ot course, she was not one
 of the original States: yet the slave
 holder in her name, goes into any of
 the North Western States, and exer
 cises the right of sovereignty—and a
 very important one it is too— by tak
 ing from its territory one whom he
 chooses to call his slave, although they
 have never, in any way, consented to it.
 'J he popular opinion in this country
 is, that under the constitution, Con
 gress cannot establish slavery, that is,
 make it right. If this he the case,
 how then can Congress, by ratifying u
 constitution for a State, which its own
 law lias authorized, and raising one of
 its own Territories to a higher rank,
 give it any power to hold slaves? Can
 Congress authorize another to do w hat
 it cannot do itself—or can it confer a
 power that it does not itself possess?—
 I fthe facts conveyed in these interroga
 tions he true, the Slave States derive
 no support from Congress; and I see
 not, it a slave were to sue out a habeas
 corpus before a Judge of the United
 States, or, of one of the States, how
 he could he otherwise than liberated, if
 (lie judge took for his guide the consti
 tution and his oath. It might be proved
 that he was a slave—that his parents
 and ancestors, from time immemorial,
 had been slaves. This is all that could
 he proved, and this, perhaps, he would
 state in his petition; but what would it
 avail when pul in opposition to the
 “self-evident truths” published by us;
 long ago, “that all men were created;
 equal; that they are endowed by their
 Creator with certain inalienable rights:
 that among these are life, liberty, and
 the pursuit of happiness?” If these
 truths are “self-evident” ones, then
 the opposite of them must he false. No
 court —no nation, any more than an
 individual, ought to do w hat it knows
 to Ik* false. 1 hen would we he driven
 to the last position 1 assume, that,
 10 There n* no power on earth, and
 none in Heaven —with due reverence I
 speak it—lor, the empire of mind is
 similar everywhere—that can establish
 slavery, or, make it lf you prove
 bz any kind of sophistry—for it must
 he by sophiatry. if proved at all—that
 (iod has established slavery, you at the
 same time prove him, according to the
 apprehensions he himself has given us
 —unjust. If some should he “elected”
 to be slaveholders, which relation has
 no tendency to make the temper even
 better, it would be a cruel “election;”
 if some were “reprobated” to be their
 slaves, with the wonderful meat el pow
 -J I’Ve-'.
IGHT IS OF NO BBX TRUTH IS OF NO 001/HI— GOD IS THE KAI HER OK US ALL, AND A LI, WF, ARE BRETHREN.
ers of themselves and posterity unim
 proved and debased forever, it would
 t be the worst sort of “reprobation.”
 i These doctrines are both repudiated bv
 all, except the very unlearned and ig
 norant. If these things before men
 tioned be true, there is no power in the
 universe that can establish slavery, or
 F make it right. To search for any au
 i thority to support such an abuse will be
 ■fin vain. JAMES G. BIRNEY

 From the Ma»sirhu«etti Spj.
 “THE MERCERY” RISING
 The South Carolina chivalry are
 still doing battle with the books. The
 immediate oracle of St. John C. Cal
 houn, the Charleston Mercury, in its|
 holy censorship over literature and;
 science has just proscribed Paley’s
 Moral Philosophy as a pestilent work,
 that r*'u*t no longer taint the pure at
 mosphere of South Carolina.—This
 standard work, which has so long had
 a home in almost every good library,
 j and has been used for more than half a
 century, as a text-book in colleges and
 schools, wherever the English language
 I was the mother tongue, has been dis
 covered, by the great Apostle of sla
 very, or some of his gifted seers, to con
 tain sentimeuts favorable to human lib
 erty, and of course denying the faith of
 the political saints ot the holy land of
 South Carolina, that “Slavery is the
 corner stone of a republic And, as the
 book in question does not harmonize
 with that cardinal doctrine, it is, of
 j course, uncanonical, heretical, danger
 -1 ous to the “patriarchal institution,”
 and worthy only of eternal “nullifica
 tion.”
 Accordingly, the Charleston Mercu
 ry, the well approved standard ofpo
 i litical orthodoxy, lor all the parishes,
 j cities, boroughs, pine-barrens, swamps,
 and sand-hills of South Carolina, and
 the faithful reflector of that bnrning and
 i shining light of slavery, St. John C.
 f Calhoun, has published a decree, da
 j ted at the imperial city of Charleston,
 on the 3d day of the present month of
 the 18th year of the most sacred era of
 Nullification, in the following solemn,
 sovereign, and monitory words:
 “Paley’s Moral Philosophy should
 BE TREATED BY THE LAW AS AN INCEN
 DIARY BOOK, AND BE BANISHED FROM
 OUR BOOK-STORES, AND CERTAINLY FROM]
 OUR SCHOOLS.”
 Will it require a Solomon to answer
 the following queries?
 1. Would it have been any refection 1
 on Mr. Ex Senator Preston, now Pres
 ident of the University of South Caroli
 na, to have condemned the noxious l
 book to be burned by the hands of the j
 common ‘/i angman.
 2. If the literature of Liberty should
 be burned up, would not a Phoenix rise
 out of its ashes?
 3. If all “incendiary books” should
 be burned at Charleston, would not the
 “incendiary letters” plundered from:
 the Charleston post oftice and the Uni-
 ted States mail, make first rate kind
 ling stuff?
 1. Would not sijch a blaze give light
 to a.ll the world, not excepting even
 South Carolina, that miracle of States?
 i&gt;. Will the “outside barbarian”;
 book publishers of Philadelphia, New,
 York, Boston, and other outlandish
 places, take timely warning, ami not t
 hazard their precious necks, by send
 ing to the Western “Celestial Em
 pire, thejworks of those arch heretics:
 and propagators of the damnable doc-j
 trine of human liberty, John Milton,
 Algernon Sidney, John Locke, John
 Adams, and Thomas Jefferson, and
 certainly'" any work containing that
 infidel creed, the Declaration of Amer
 ican Independence?
 0. Will not his Excellency, the Gov
 ernor of all the sovereign State of South
 Carolina, recommend, in his next an
 nual message, the prohibition of the
 North wind from blowing over her sa
 cred domain, as being quite too free,
 and so interfering with her “state
 rights” r—and, also, that the North
 star shall no longer thereon,
 as being ‘incendiary’ in its character,
 and intermeddling with her “domestic
 institutions?”
 7. Are the following lines on the
 freedom of the “Press, as true now
 as when first published, more than a
 century ago?
 “Thin miree of arts ami freedom’s fence,
 T» chain, u treason against sense,
 And Liberty, thj ih&lt;ju&gt;:tnd tongues,
 .None silence, who design no wrongs*
 For those mho use the gag’s restraint,
 First rub, brjorr they stup complaint.”
 SLAVE TRIALS IN MICHIGAN.
 Some of the recent slave trials at
 St. Joseph have excited much interest.
 On the night of the 27th of September,
 a party of eight or ten Kentuckians led
 by one Norris, broke into the house of
 a Mr. Powell, in (.'ass co., while he
 was absent, drew their pistols and
 kpives, dragged Mrs. Powell and three
 childieu from their beds, bound them
 with cords, put them in covered wag
 ons,and started post haste for Kentucky.
 Alarm was soon given, and the kidnap
 pers were overtaken near St. Joseph.
 A writ of habeas corpus was obtained
 for the colored prisoners, and the Ken
 tuckians were arrested. The Powells
 were discharged after a full and fair
 hearing. The Register says:
 “No sooner was the decision pro
 nounced than the Keutuckians gather
 ed around them 'w ith their pistols and
 bowie knives drawn, and held them by
 force. The Court House was crowd
 ed, and the people of course became
 very much excited at such proceedings
 in a Court ofcJbstice. For some time
 it seemed as though a bloody fight was
 inevitable, but at last, at the request of
 Norris, the Sheriff took the Powells and
 locked them up la jail. It was now dis
 covered, that while the suit was pen
 ding on the habeas corpus, Norris bad
 obtained a writ of the Clerk of the
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1819.
Circuit Court, under our State Lnu
 relative to fugitives from labor, ant
 claimed the right to hold them undei
 that.
 As they still remained in the custo
 dy of the sheriff, where Norris had pla
 ced them, a new writ of habeas corpus
 tfas obtained directed to the sheriff
 as also one directed io Norris—return
 able before the same judge on Mon
 day morning, October Ist. Norris was
 duly informed of the tune and place 61
 trial, but refused to appear, though in
 town.—lt was satisfactorily shown to
 the court that tht United States Su
 preme Court, in the case of Prigg vs.
 Pennsylvania, had decided that all State
 laws relative to fugitives from labor are
 unconstitutional and void, and it follow
 ed of course that the writ issued by tiie
 j clerk was null and void—and could au
 thorize no person to hold them in cus
 tody; they were accordingly dischar
 ged, and quietly departed with their
 friends and neighbors.
 An opportunity was afforded Norris
 to introduce on the trial any evidence
 he might have to show that the Pow
 ells were his slaves, but lie did not
 avail himself of the offer. The Ken
 tuckians doubtless returned home a lit
 tie wiser from their visit to the tree
 States, for two civil suits for false im
 prisonment were commenced against
 them by the Powells, and they were
 held to bail in $lOOO, in each case.
 From file Cleveland True Democrat.
 SLAVERY MAKES MEN COWARDS.
 Washington, D. C.t Oct 1 2, 1840.
 Messrs. Editors: —Although Con
 gress is not in session—and consequent
 ly, this is not just now the attracting
 arena of political conflict: princi
 par skirmishing being carried on else
 j where your readers may neverthe
 less, be interested with the occasional
 notes and comments of an observer, in
 this metropolis of American Legisla
 tion, for American Liberty
 Would not a foreigner hearing that
 the people ot the United States wire
 tlit freest in the world —most naturally
 expect to find the largest liberty of
 thought and speech on all topics in the
 atmosphere of the Capitol of our Free
 Republic?
 That ministers of Human Govern
 ments —and ministers of Divine Gov
 ernment— office holders, and office
 seekers from the highest to the lowesj,
 would feel free and speak like free men
 everywhere, and on all occasions.
 But strange to write— sue/ 1 is not the
 fact. —An observing stranger will soon
 discover in most circles, a marked dif
 ference in the visage and speech of the
 people, whenever allusion is made to a
 certain topic, made contraband by the
 Patriarchal system, and the lair of cus
 tom, through the unmanly and unameri
 can servility of the North.
 Did you ever see a slave, timid, crin
 ging, downcast, looking this way, and
 that, hesitating to stand upright, step
 firmly, and speak straight forward,
 more than half in doubt, whether he has
 a soul— much more —whether tiiat soul
 is his own?
 Such is too often, arrd has been too
 long the servility of Northern white
 men, that a corrupt public sentiment
 has made it imperative to talk about the
 ‘peculiar institution’ —especially to talk
 against it
 Enter yonder stately edifice, built by!
 American hands, and for the purposes
 of an American Government—enter in
 to' conversation with any of the hun
 dred clerks, and most assuredly, with
 nearly all, you will be struck with their
 apparent consciousness of a want of
 real liberty.
 As if Public Sentiment had spies
 watching and |!istening to detect, and
 report, and put out of office—all who
 would not bow the knee.
 Honor to America She has noble sons
 even here, and in office, as unbending
 as pious Mordecai, sitting in the King's
 gate, though Hainan’s gallows stood in
 the centre of the arena, midway
 between the White House and the
 Capitol.
 But some w ill ask—ls the pulpit
 dumb? Are the ambassadors of Him
 who came to preach deliverance to the
 captive silent?
 Said a pious lady from the North to
 me, a few days since—“ I have been
 here many years, and never heard the
 oppressed prayed fur—nor any allusion
 to the subject until last Sabbath!!”
 And this is a matter of marvel since
 it is neither considered strange nor un
 christian for church members to hold
 and sometimes to sell slaves in the Dis
 trict of Columbia in the 19th century!
 On this last point facts may be given
 you hereafter of recent and affecting j
 interest.
 The earnest appeal to Congress 4&gt;y
 the citizens of the District last winter,,
 for the abolition of the slave-trade, was
 not without effect, but has inspired hope
 that by renewed efforts the coming ses
 sion, the District may be free indeedl 1
 For this, should every philanthropist
 petition for this, should every ambas-l
 sador of Christ preach! And for this, i
 “Lei every one that is Godly pray
 Voprs truly, j
 THE MOVEMENT, WOETH
 Another Southern Convention was
 held at Jackson, Mississippi, at which
 Judge W. L. Sharkey presided, and an
 address and resolutions upon the subject 1
 of “Southern rights” were adopted.—
 These were reported by a committee oV
 twenty, among whom were the Gover-'
 nor of the State, the Hon. Messrs J. i
 Gc*ar, T. H Williams, E. C. WJ
 kinson, mad G. Winchester, General*.
 T N. Waul, G. Winchester, and other,
 gentlemen. The object of the conven
 tion, as stated in this address, was to
 “deliberate on the means to prevent,
 the unfounded pretensions, that Con
 gress has power to legislate on the sub-1
j®® l 01 slavery, and to prohibit its in
 I (reduction and existence in the territo
 ries of the United States.
 The address and resolutions takethr
 ultra Southern ground, and are, in fact,
 hut an echo of the address of the South
 i era members of Congress. They de
 clare that the interference of Congress
 with slavery is dangerous to the rights
 and safety of the South, and ought to be
 resisted; that the passage of anv law
 Abolishing slavery iuthe District of Co
 lumbia, or to prohibit the slave trade
 t between the several states, or slavery
 in the territories, would be a dangerous
 violation o( the constitution, and be evi
 dence of a fixed design to interfere with
 'slavery in the Spates; that they the
 p«“0ple ot Mississippi) will not submit to
 such ‘‘political degradation,” but will
 regard the non-slaveholding states as
 .enemies; that in view of the crisis
 which these resclutionists thus conjure
 up, they convoke a convent ion of a/I the
 slaveholding states, to meet at Nash
 i ville, Tenn., on the first Monday in
 dune next; that associations be formed
 m that state to procure unity and prom [it
 i ness ot action. The tenth resolution is
 I worthy of notice
 1 iiat we recommend to the Legisla
 ture of this state, that at its next ses
 si°n, a law be enacted, making it the
 duty of the governor of the state, by
 proclamation, to call a general conven
 tion ot the state, and to issue writs of
 election based upon the ratio of repre
 sentationin the State Legislature, upon
 the passage by Congress of the “\Vil
 i mot Proviso," or any law abolishing
 I slavery in the District of Columbia, or
 prohibiting the slave trade between ti:e
 I states, to take into consider#*i n the
 j. act ot aggression, and thernode and
 j measure of redress.
 Delegates were appointed to attend
 the proposed convention at Nashville,
 I ai ‘d a committee of six to prepare an
 address to the people of the '.slavehold
 ing states.
 The convention which did these
 threatening things was composed of
 I sixty-nine persons, representing thirty
 counties ot the state of Mississippi,
 winch, be it remembered, is composed
 ot some sixty counties.— JSurth .lmeri
 j cun.
 Curmsjiondcncc ot i!,o New York Tribuno.
 FROAI Till: GREAT SALT LAKH,
 rhe Country und the. Route—lmpres
 sions Jhe People—• Manners und
 Customs—lndustrial Progress—Pu
 tie Worship—An Address by Urighnm
 Young- His vines an American Af
 fairs Ucs'nx uf Territorial Organi
 zation— limitless Transacted in
 Church—Thoughts upon the Purple,
 G&gt;£at Salt JLakk Citv,
 July 8, S
 Perhaps a few lines trom a stranger
 in this strange land, and among still
 more strange people, will.be judged
 sufficiently interesting to Jind a place
 in your colnmns.
 The company of gold-diggers w hich
 I have the honor to command, arrived
 here on tiie 31st inst., and judge our
 feelings when, after some twelve hun
 dred-miles of travel through on uncul
 tivated desert, and the last one hundred
 miles ot the distance through and among
 lofty moun'ains arid narrow and difficult
 ravines, we found ourselves suddenly
 and almost unexpectedly in a compara
 tive Paradise.
 W e descended the last mountain by
 a passage excessively steep and abrupt,
 and continued our gradual descent
 through a narrow canon for five or six
 miles, when suddenly emerging from
 the pass, an extensive und cultivated
 valley opened before us, at the same
 instant that we caught ;t glimpse of the
 distant bosom of the Great Salt Lake,
 which lay expanded before us to the
 westward, at the distance of some
 twenty miles.
 Descending the table land which bor
 dered the valley, extensive herds of
 cattle, horses and sheep were grazing
 in every direction, reminding us of that
 home and civilization from which we
 had so widely departed—for a.s vet the
 fields and houses were in the distance.
 Passing over some miles of pasture
 land, we at length found ourselves in a
 broad fenced street, extending westward
 in a straight line for several miles.
 Houses of wood or sun-dried brick were
 thickly clustered m the vale below us.
 some thousands m number, and occupy
 ing a spot about as large as the city ofi
 New York. They were mostly small,
 one story high, and perhaps not more
 than one occupying an a"re of land.—
 The whole space for units, excepting
 the streets aud houses was m a high
 state of cultivation. fields of yellow
 wheat stood waiting t&lt;&gt;r the harvest, and
 Indian corn potatoes, oats, flax, and I
 all kinds of garden vegetables, were
 growing in profusion, and seemed about
 iu the same state of forwardness as in
 the same latitude in the States.
 At first sight ot all ihe»e signs of cul
 tivation iu the wilderness, we were
 transported with wonder and pleasure.
 Some wept, some gave three cheers,
 some laughed, and some ran and fairly
 danced for joy—w hile ail felt inexpres
 sibly happy to find themselves once
 more amid scenes wMcb mark the pro
 gress of advancing civilization. We
 passed on amid scenes like these ex
 pecting every moment to come to some
 commercial centre, some business point
 in this Great Metropolis of the Moun
 tain*; but we were disappointed. No
 hotel *igc-pu3t, cake and bet-r shop,.
 barber pole, market house, grocery,!
 provision, dry goods or hardware .store,
 distinguished one part of the town from
 another; not even a bakery or mechan
 ic’s sign was anywhere discernible.
 Here, then, was something new f an
 entire people reduced to a level, and
 all living by their labor—ail cultivating
 the earth, or following torne branch ol
 i 'fv 1
 ?v,,4 .1. ..j,
physical industry. Al first I thought ii
 was an experiment—an order of thing?
 established ptirposeiv to carry out the
 principles ot ‘'Socialism,’' or “Mar
 monism. In short. I thought it very
 much like Owenism personified. How
 ever, on inquiry, i found that a cortibi
 nation of seemingly unavoidable cir
 cumstances had produced this singular
 state of affairs. There w ere no hotels,
 because there had been no travel; no
 barbers because every one chose to
 shave himself, and no one had time to
 shave Ins neighbor; no stores, because
 they had no goods to sell uor time to
 traffic; no center of business, because
 all were too bjsy to make a center.
 I here was abundance of mechanic
 shops, ot dress-makers, rnillitnys and
 tailors, &amp;.c., but they needed no sign,
 nor had they time to paint or erect one,
 tor they were crowded with business.
 Hc.iioo their several trades, all must
 cultivate the land or die; for the land
 v/as new, and no cultivation but their
 owa within a thousand miles. Every
 one had his lot, and built on it; every
 one cultivated it, and perhaps a small
 farm in the distance.
 And the strangest of ail was that this
 great City, extending over several
 square miles, hnd been erected, and
 eve y house and fence made within
 nine or ten months of the time of oui
 arrivaL—while at the same time good
 bridges were erected over the principal
 streams, and the country settlements
 extended nearly I(H* miles up and down
 the Valley.
 I his Territory, State, or, as some
 term it, “Mormon Empire,” may justly
 bo considered one of the greatest prod
 igies ot the age, and, in comparison
 with its age, the most gigantic of all
 Republics in existence, being only ir
 its second year since the first seed oi
 cultivation was planted, or the first civ
 ilized habitation commenced. It these
 people were such thieves and robbers
 as their enemies represented them in
 the States, I must think they have
 greatly reformed in point of industry
 since corning to the mountains.
 I tiiis day attended worship with them
 —in the open air. .Some thousands of
 well dressed, intelligent looking people
 assembled; some on foot, some in car
 nages and on horseback. Many were
 neatly and even fashionably clad.—
 The beauty and neatness of the ladies
 reminded me of some of our best con
 gregations in New York. They had a
 choir ot both sexes, who performed ex
 tremely well, accompanied by a hand
 who played well on almost every instru
 ment of modern invention. Teals of
 the most sweet, sacred and solumn mu
 i sic, filled the air, after which a solemn
 prayer was ottered by Rev. Mr. Grant,
 ot inladclphia. i hou followed various
 business advertisements, read by the
 ‘crk. Among these I remember a
 t 'all ot the Seventh Ward, by its pre
 siding Bishop, to some business meet
 ing—a C’all lor a meeting of the :kid
 lQuorum “1 the Seventy, and a meeting
 of the officers of the 'id Cohort of the
 Military Legion, fee., ftc.
 After this, came a lengthy discourse
 Irom Mr. Brigham Young, President of
 the Society—partaking somewhat of
 Politics, much of Religion and Philoso
 phy, and a little on the subject of Gold
 showing the wealth, strength and glory
 of England growing out of her Coal
 Mines, Iron and Industry—and the
 weakness, corruption and degradation
 ot Spanish America, Spain, ice., grow
 ing out of her gold, silver, ice., and her
 idle habits.
 Every one seemed interested and
 pleased with bis remarks, and all ap
 peared to be contented to stay at heme
 and pursue a persevering industry, al
 though mountains of gold were near
 them. Ihe able speaker painted in
 lively colors the ruin which would he
 brought upon the United States by Gold,
 and boldly predicted that they would he
 overthrown because they had killed the
 Prophets, stoned and rejected those
 who were sent to call them to repent
 ance, and finally plundered and driven
 the Church of the Saints from their
 moist, and burned and desolated their
 City and Temple, tie said God hud a
 reckoning with that people, and gold
 would be the instrument of their over
 throw. The Constitutions aud laws
 were good, in fact, the best in the
 world, but the administrators were cor
 rupt, and the Laws and Coiihtitutions
 were not carried out. Therefore they
 mu.-it lab. He further observed that
 the people here would petition to be
 organized into a territory under the
 •tame Government—notwithstanding its
 abeses—and that it granted they would
 itam! by the Constitution and Laws of
 the United States; while at tue same
 Unit- he denounced their corruption and
 abuses.
 But, said the speaker, we ask no odds
 of them, whether they grant us our pe
 tition or not! V\ e never will ask any
 odds ot a nation who has driven us from
 our homes. If they grant us our rights,
 well—if not, well: they can do no more
 than they have dune. They, and our
 selves, and all men, are in the hands of
 the great G&lt;d, who will govern all
 things for good, and alt will be right and
 work together for good to them that
 serve God.
 Such, in part, was the discourse to
 which we listened in the strong holds of
 iie mount am w Ik* Alnutous art not
 ditul. nor u //nr#* r/ani broke. And, if I
 mistake not, there is a noble, daring,
 stern, and Democratic spirit swelling
 in tb«*ir bosoms, which will people these
 mountains whu a race of independent
 Men, and influence the dtrylioy of our
 country and the world for a hundred
 generations. In their religion they
 seem charitable, devoted and sincere—
 m their Politics, bold, daring and deter
 mined—in their domestic circle; quiet,
 affectionate aud happy—-while in indus
 try, shill and lutefwgcuee, they have
JOHN DICK, Prtnsfftc.
WHOLE NO. 98.
few equals, and no superiors on the
 eaith.
 I bad many strange feelings while
 contemplating this new civilization
 growing up so suddenly in the wilder
 ness. 1 almost wished 1 could awake
 troin my golden dream, and find it but
 a dream— while I pursued my domestic
 duties as quiet, as happy and contented
 as this strange people.
 TIIK LITTLE despot.
 Head the following cantwm of a South
 i arolma paper, and think how brave
 lanI an&lt; quiet happy slavery makes
 the Palmetto Slate t
 W e would caution the south to b«-
 ware of Geo. Stephenson, of New York
 a traveling agent for the sale of Bran-
 I dreth's pills, who was called upon bv
 the Committee of Safety of this dis
 trict, which stated to him, that the d&amp;n
 gers which at present threaten the-pe-
 Icwliai domestic institutions of the south
 I made it necessary that all strangers,
 especially those from the North, should
 be examined, ami their business,See. .as
 certained. He immediately arose, and
 denounced the proceedings as oppress
 ive and imgentlemanlv, and declared
 himself an uncompromising opnouent
 of slavery from this time forward. On
 examining his papers a letter to him
 j was discovered, in which, ment.on was
 i c °l a new Richmond corps being
 organized for the south, consisting of
 some five or six persons, giving only
 the initials ol their names, and al
 luding to the difficulties and dangers
 they had to encounter, and putting up
 a prayer tor their success. He attemp
 ted to explain this, as having relation
 |to established agencies for the sale of
 pills, which may or may not have been
 [true, lie was warned to leave our
 village on the next morning. We un
 derstand that the agency for the sale
 j ot these pills in this place was given
 up and they were returned to him.”
 K KFOR.&gt;I SHOI LD (JEHEV AT
 HOME.
 c cannot new-model society, nor
 new-mould or purity the public heart;
 hut we can begin the amelioration by a
 firm and wise government of our own
 Let us mainly study this effect, and a
 new spirit and temper would soon warm
 into action about us, with all the buds
 and bloom of a fresh coral spring.
 No one knows how much good lie
 may do by his own quiet, unobtruding,
 good example. Our eyes are always
 on each other, and if we took but half
 as much pains to make our dispositions
 and feelings pleasing to each other, as
 we do to make our complexions, per
 sons. and dress agreeable, we should
 he halt seraphs ourselves, and be ever
 unconscioimfy a „d aiding
 others to become such.
 By improving ourselves, we should
 &gt;o silent and secret benefactors to all
 vv.th whom we intermingle and associ
 ate. V\e cannot well avoid more or
 less imitating each other. Those who
 i see and feel in another whut they like
 uhat they perceive to he pleasing are
 imperceptibly attracted to do what they
 find, from their own sensations, to he
 gratifying, and what they mean to be
 approved of by those who observe it
 No one, therefore, acts rightly, with
 out acting beneficially. f n «o doing
 he scatters the seed of a sweet flower
 that will spring up again in some other
 bosom, sure to multiply itself in the
 same way forever.
 Ihe Extent of Loxdos. —lt is ab
 solntely impossible to communicate to
 one who has not seen it, any just idea
 of it. I have said to inyself several
 times, well, now f have seen the
 whole, yet I soon find out that I have
 seen nothing. You can travel eighteen
 miles from Brentford to Strafford
 through an uninterrupted succession of
 thickly planted houses. I have walked
 until 1 have had to sit down on some
 door-steps out of pure weariness, and
 yet have not got at afcl out of the rush
 ing tide of population. I have rode on
 tie drivers seat on and
 there has been a constant succession
 ol squares, parks, terraces, and long
 lines of single houses for miles, and
 continuous blocks arufrsingle palaces in
 the very heart of London, occupying
 acres of ground. I do not speak, of
 course, of the large parks, winch, ’lor
 their trees, their verdure, their neat
 nebs, their embellishments, their lakes
 and cascades, their waters swarming
 with fish, and covered with a great va
 riety of water-fowl which they have
 been able to domesticate, and their gra
 zing flocks of sheep and cattle, and
 then national monuments, and the mul
 titude, Ul well-dressed pedestrians, and
 ol elegantly mounted horsemen and
 horsewomen, and of carriages and
 equipages as splendid as gold and sil
 ver can make them, are beautiful be
 yond my most romantic dreams. Ido
 n 4 e a ggtrate I cannot go beyond
 the reality. 7
 1 here are over a thousand Princes
 m Germany, great and small, who re
 ceive annually two hundred miliums of
 dollars; while a laborer works eights«n
 hours in twenty-four, lor seveuiy-two
 cents per week.
 LiHiHiTiov or Art.—A 1/XHkwrorntpoQ
 dent ot the; New Vurfc Tribune Mates that
 Prince Albert ha* rteinsfsd the scheme—for
 i next yKai ~oi gfimt exhibition ol ike An
 I at»i Manufacture* wf Ike World in Leaden.
 Atna.lv some of ihe principal firm* is Hus
 eouuiry hate been cot suited, and ha««
 s O'****! ih«u tfesirc lo co-operate. p l(Va
 *m.i XA.WSi —sic to be distributed u* the
 *kii»uf &lt;&gt;f all uaitona, by the frnftd yf
 Queen of Log lain!—Tbts show to be
 an uiipurallHled scale, and a temporary buikJ-
 I in Hyde PsiW w spoken of as iu tfiostre
 1W indie* am to be lime, and Arne lira also
 .1 *h&lt;* pb «e», mi last, me workmen ol tki
 w trob plarm we to be invited to decorsis lbs
 Goddmn of Industry u» London.
"
