"foTti|B Ncwi of the Heck.
 be Cambria arrived at Billon on Satur
 v j MI and bring* date's from Liverpool to
 October tbe 27ih
 &gt;g h&gt;d.—The principal subject of mter-
 the philanthropic in Britain, at
 ..rfjent is, the condition of the Italian and oth
 f, Firopeau refugees. They stand nfeatlv
 -ffd of the sympathy and aid of the hr nev
 ,ri. many of them being in neatly the last
 of deatitotioo. So much for the effort*
 ,f republican Frantic to eatabliah m Home
 #►ll the Brummagem President «a* pleased
 K call an “orderly and constitutionaMibeny.”
 This seaaon ha* been unusually dtsaatious
 o whaling vo-eh. The John O'Groat's
 ivrnol »aya, that intelligence has already
 received of the destruction of four—
 •tiree English, and one large American ship—
 e yfcLellan of New London, crushed to
 bv icebergs. So suddenK and in such
 -Dense masses did the floating ice bear down
 -on them, that the snips h3d r.ot the Blight
 e*; caince of escaping ftom it. The oataetro
 occurred in Mellville Bay. Davie Straits,
 lhe j2ih of J une last. One of the vessel*,
 p l,id» l*ne, was literally cut in two, the
 u t ihe same tune falling overboard and
 e*i ;.ian two hours not a vestige of her
 to be seen. The crew succeeded in se
 ciritig the boat*, *ome clothes and provision*.
 Tre American vessel, though-droadlully shat
 :«red. with the aid ot the crews of the other 1
 vessel, vvas for a time kept afloat, but on the
 ls:h, finding their labors abortive, the pro
 vision* were secured, and the crew* took to
 their boats. On the 20th of June, the crews
 of *1 the ships arrived safely at a place nam
 ed Lively, on the Danish coast, 500 miles
 trom Me lviile Bay, where they were shown
 every hospitality that the limited means of
 the natives could afford They afterwards
 6 sined 'he Orkney islands in safety. The de
 struction of the four ships is computed at a
 loss oi A'50,001
 The Manchester Guardian contains an ac
 count of a second interview between Mr. Had
 dock. a friend of Sir John Franklin, and the
 Bolton Clairvoyanle. She piotesses to have
 had interviews with Sir John Franklin and Sir
 James Ross Sir John, she said would be
 oui m less than nine months That it was
 ten minutes past eleven by Sir John’s time,
 and a quarter past ten a good w hile alter by
 Sir James Ross’s time. That she went a
 food way further than Sir James Ross, where
 n was very dark, and the stars went round
 and did not twinkle, but she was sure it was
 quite ridiculous to attempt to find a road fin
 ships over there That Sir John had been a
 great way over the country, hut had returned
 to hu ships That Sir John Franklin had j
 seen the natives, but nut Sir James Ross, and
 that there were two ships on their way home,
 which would bring good news. The stale- j
 merits of the girl have excited great interest
 all over the country. It has excited attention
 at the Admiralty, and the matter is said to
 have been inquired afiei in high quarters

 Lola Montes, it seems, has had a quarrel j
 with her husband The Barcelona corres
 pondent of the Assembler Sationah lias a let- 1
 ter, from which it appears that Madame Heald
 is at that place, in a very critical position.—
 She ct.citesthe sympathies and the interest of j
 the Barcelonians, by her Tomantic account of j
 her marriage with Mi. Heald. It appears
 now that the vouth is tired of his bargain.— j
 Says the writer of that letter
 “Five days since Mi. Heald called on tlie j
 English Consul and said to him, 'I am come
 u&gt; ask your gdvice I have some friends here
 who recommend me to abandon my wile;
 what ought Ito do' iam afraid of being as
 sassinated or poisoned. At Perpignan she
 slabbed me.’ (He then showed a waistcoat
 stained with blood.) The Consul replied, *1
 am astonished that, after the attack you speak
 of, you had not laid the complaint before ihe
 Police a! Perpignan, and that vou have since
 lived wuh her heic on such intimate terms.
 But if you wish to abandon your wife i have!
 no advice to give you.’ He offered, huwev-i
 er, to vtser his passport for any direction
 which he might think proper to lake. On tlie
 same day the parties had the quarrel which 1
 mentioned yesterday, but the stab of ihe puig-
 nurd appears to have been an invention of the
 person who related it. The scene was con
 fined to reproaches and insuhs. On the fol
 lowing day, the 16th, Mr Heald sent his pass
 port to the English Consul, bpggno him to
 give him a new one, and at half-past (our fit
 had disappeared."
 The trial of the Mannings commenced at
 London on the 25th. and ended on the 20th,
 with a verdict of guilty They are to be ex.
 touted in June.
 Perhaps the most important jtem of gene
 ral intelligence, is the intimation that ihe gov
 ernment intend to propose, in the next session
 uf Parliament, a scheme for extending the
 franchise, so as to include u laige
 of the operative claase* who are at present be
 yond the pale of the Constitution. The pres
 ent «£lb household suffrage is extiemely par
 tial and unjust It is a simple representation
 of property and influence, instead, as it ought
 to be, of men and intelligence. While the
 country clodhopper*, who unfortunately know
 little, and care less, about anything beyond
 :he size of a calf, or the weight of a pig, ate
 lepreaented in Parliament, the intelligent
 t'tiks in mercantile houses, and salesmen in
 stores, are excluded from the suffrage, simply
 Uiause they do not occupy a house rented at
 £lO ay tar It is high time that this were
 .hanged. The proposed measure ot govern
 ment seems to look in that direction. Our
 tear ia, however, tiiat it will be hampered by
 conditions and provisions which will render it
 ittle belter than valueless.
 The Hcoisrmn nonces the following incon
 sistencies in the agitation against Sunday la
 bor in the London Post office Reform is
 wanted in some placesj
 “The chief organ of the movement, ihe
 weakest ot the l/uidon morning papers, has j
 *lB so nposilors, news-uaiherers, and writers,
 *ork og as harden Sunday as on any other'
 day and the most respectable of its orators,
 ha», oi hie biewety, three hundred /run toil
 mg f.Cry and all .Sabbath-day m ihe manu
 laciuie of mioxicaimg drink lis tin pusi-of
 ticesof most of the towns in which meeting*,
 have deeu held to protest against Sunday !a
 ’&gt;oi in the General Post-Office, the servant* 1
 «re (and have been fur many vears) employ- i
 tvi ry Sunday, and people call lor th**ir let-1
 •vit before and after church-time.”
 Ae 4 matter merely affecting health and j
 '■stably, altogether mdependant of its reh-i
 bearing* we are decidedly of the opm- j
 'Vt a iest of one day in seven is not only
 but absolutely indispensable for'
 j' l -iii«f» tgl than other* We opine, u&lt;
 that the labors of biewers might
 be !nj, eu#e&lt; j wr jh for one day m the
 «Mk
 th% »—old cry come* up, I
of eocumbered estates, evictions of tenants,
 robberies, murders, blight, 4c. The state ©1
 things is avowedly described by Mr. M'Car
 thy in his address to the electors of Cork,
 wherein he say» that “tbe people, class after
 else*, arc all tumbling into the vast crater ol
 pauperism.”
 The right hou. James Gratuo, it ia
 has resolved uj*&gt;n the sale of his Irish proper
 ty, with the intention of leaving hia native
 country forever, and becoming a settler in
 Old trgima, where he has already effected a
 purchase of 5,000 acres of land.
 The usual weekly meeting of the Repeal
 Association was held on Monday Oct. 32nd.
 Mr. John O'Connell was chief speaker The
 proceedings were quite unimportant. Rent
 was jC3», 9s 2d
 Francs. —The chief topic of debate in the
 Assembly, during the week, was ihe credit?
 for the Roman expedition, which, it was
 thought would involve a resignation and
 change of ministry.
 M. de Kisselcff, the Russian Charge d'Af
 fairs in Paris, waited on the Minister of For
 eign Affairs on the 20th ult. He declared to
 M. de Tocqueville that if the French fleet ap
 proached the Dardanelles, Russia would con
 sider the fact a cause of war. The French
 Council of Ministers, on the other hand, has
 decided that France will consider as a casus
 belli the entry of a Russian army on the
 Turkish territory.
 Disturbances of a aettous nature took piace
 at Rheims on the 21st instant.
 It is imported, and generally credited, that
 a cons durable movement of foreigners and ul
 tra-democrats flora the departments, is taking
 place towards Paris, with what object is not
 yet clearly ascertained.
 The trials at Versailles continue rattier dis
 orderly Interruptions, and those too of a
 stormy character, are constantly taking place
 which go to suspend for a time the dignity
 and the gravity of the Court. At one of
 these disgraceful scenes, some of the witnes
 ses in giving in their evidence having used
 opprobrious epithets in application to a por
 tion of the prisoners, the latter gave full vent
 to their indignation hy the most violent ex
 pressions of rage. In one case, the prisoner
 Lamaziere called the witness a liar, and was
 forthwith condemned by the Court to three
 months imprisonment, and a fine of 100 francs.
 Rome. Much excitement prevails in the
 city. People are now prohibited from sing
 ing in the streets, w hich about amounts to a
 mural impossibility, where the young are so
 much accustomed to join in choruses as thev
 parade the streets in the cool of the evening.
 Several young men have been airested for
 singing the Marseillese hymn. Instead ol
 singing, the people now indulge in j rose reci
 tations. Placards, with enormous letters, of
 “Dia&gt;h to the iufamous priests,” “Death to
 the red triumvirate,” cover the walls. Sev
 eral attempts on the lives of French officers
 have also been made.
 Ihe three cardinals, although in the height
 of their power, by no means enjoy either
 mental or bodily tranquility. The perpetual
 apprehension of some sinister occurrence,
 makes them adopt many timid precautions.
 They are complete prisoners in the Quirinal,
 never stirring out except when forced to ffij
 so by the necessity of returning some rare
 visit of etiquette they never receive any one
 excepting they are all three present
 That the French will leave Rome soon
 seems highly improbable. They are said to
 be g* tting up extensive buildings for stables,
 kitchens, workshops, 4c. Dr. Millington,
 who has been suffering persecution from the
 pnests, has made a fruitless appeal to the
 cardinals, and has therefore addressed the
 British Government to protect him as a Brit
 ish subject. A council was held on the 6th
 at Poitiu, of which the supposed result has
 been to advise the return of the Pope to
 Rome.
 Austria and Hungary. The Emperor
 has granted to the officers of ihe Peteiward
 ent garrison, who suriendered uncondition
 ally, ihe same privilege which was accorded
 lto t ne* utficers of the Comorn garrison. Those
 I persons only are excepted against whom
 i proceedings are to be adopted fur special nus-
 J demeanors. The Count Tejehi ha$ publish
 ed a statement in the Paris Journals, respect
 ,mg the murder of Count Louis Batthiani.
 i He speaks of that atrocious event thus
 “This condemnation without proofs—this
 judgement without a court —this sentence
 without a Uw —this execution on the 9th of
 I October —this measure, which was taken
 now that Hungary is under foot—this mea
 sure, which they dared not take when Hun
 gary had a sword—this measure, which was
 taken after sparing those who prolonged tlieir
 residence to the last extremity —how are we
 to call It I leave it to the friends of order
 i among all parties to find a name for this
 measure. I have done my duly. 1 have
 done it calmly and deliberately, while my
 heart is breaking. 1 had but to analyse a
 death-warrant of Batlhyany. 1 need not
 speak—he is well known. His name was
 great —Ins soul was mighty. He was al
 ways noble and generous. His dying hour
 1 was sublime. Thou heroic martyr of a great
 and beautiful cause, thou gavest thy soul up
 to God, but thy memory will be green in our
 1 hearts ir will live forever, and die with the
 last sigh of the last Magyar.’
 According to reports from Pesth, the crown
 iol Hungary is now in England, whither it
 was sent by Kossuth. On the afternoon of
 the 12th ult., a courier arrived at Pesth from
 Vienna, with orders to slop the butcheries in
 tlut city Paul Nyarz, Perenzi and Stutter,
 i who were to have been executed tire day
 fallowing, were thereupon put into condemn
 ed cells till the Emperor's pleasure would be
 made known, it is said that liaynau has
 resigned his post, m consequence of the Em
 peror having ordered the executions to be
 Stopped
 Russia and Turkey it «a» reported ra
 Pans on ihe 25th ©U that the Fr.-ncfi am
 bassador at St. Petersburg had forward'd
 despatches to his government, intimating that,
 so far from forcing matters to extremities,
 Russia expressed itself anx ous to settle the
 differences quietly, provided no warlike inler-
 I tVrence was threatened on the part of Eng
 land The same rumor was prevalent at
 j Vienna on the fUt Wat. Tbs following, re*-
 pecting the change of creed of Bern, Dem
 binski, and others, is interesting
 •‘Gen. Bern, as soon as he learned the
 determination of the Sultan to resist the de
 mands uf Russia aud Austria, and lo refuse
 J tire extradu on, declared that h»* country was
 i Ins first religion, and as the Sultan had the
 same enemies and friends with himself, he
 wished to become his subject, and to serve
 his flag, and that he would embrace
 lelsmittu that be had resolved upon thia
 when he left Hungary, and that he bad no
sooner announced bis profession of faith, lest
 it might have the appearance of yieldiug to
 fear. He added that he did not wish to in
 fluence any one to follow hia example.
 Kossuth, greatly irritated at Bern, went at
 once to the camp of tbe Hungarians, and in
 formed them that the Porte resisted the de
 mands of Austria and Russia, that Franco
 and England appealed decided to aid the Porte,
 and implored them not to stain by apostasy
 the flag of Christian Hungary, which they
 had always served with honor.
 Dembinaki pursued a different coarse. He
 did not become a Mussulman, but expressly
 admitted that the Perte had no hand in tire
 abjuration of Bern and his companions, and
 he even wrote to the Grand Visier and to the
 Seraskier letters of acknow ledgement. Bern
 ia now called Murad-Pacha. The refugees,
 without distinction, ire treated with great
 kindness and humanity.”
 There ia no doubt says a letter from
 Malta, of the 10th ult., that the English
 •quadron has left the Adriatic for the neigh
 borhood of the Dardanelles at the request of
 Sir Stratford Canning The French fleet,
 consisting of 6 vessels of the line, 2 frigates
 and steamers, with 8000 men and 600 guns*
 is under way for the Dardanelles.
The Proposal for a Colored Newspaper
 ia Ohio.
 To M R. Ihlany —De at Sir At the time
 of penning roy letter to you, on the 15th of
 last month, little did I think of being called to
 the task of answering yours through the
 Press, hut ad our minds are somewhat at va
 riance respecting the better course to pursue,
 though aiming for one and the same haven, I
 hope u'e will not fall out on the way.
 Many .portions of your letter, sir, I fully
 concur in yet I think that a different view
 may he taken of the subject under considera
 tion I 3ha 11 now attempt to express mv
 humble views, and in doing so, it may cause
 other spirits of Ohio lo enter ardently into the
 scheme of giving to this State an organ.—
 She loudly calls tor one, and one she can have
 if our people can be fully awakened to their
 best interests.
 Granting, sir, all you have said to be cor
 rect, respecting our communities, to ensure
 success to the ptess, I ask in the name of Him
 who sways the destinies of all men, both no
 ble and ignoble, if the day has not arrived for
 us to rise en masse, and acquaint the Ohioans
 in power, that we are a people; in mild terms,
 but in terms that cannot be mistaken, that we
 are deprived of those God-given rights that
 justly belong to the whole race of mankind, j
 At this very time I may safely say the
 powers of the Si ne are being convulsed in
 a civil revolution, having voted this very fall
 for a Convention to alter her Constitution.—
 Are not these, without suggesting others, suf
 ficient reasons for us to establish a press'
 which will give us better opportunities as a
 people, oppressed and deprived of our rights,
 to urge the necessity of being fully and hon
 orably repiesented in that body* Or when,:
 and at what period, shall we make the effort*
 Yet, in contemplating the whole matter, I
 deeply feel that there is a certain amount ofj
 inertness among our people, that will continue
 to exis', unless some w illing-hearted men will
 come boldly up to the work and sacrifice some- j
 thing in our just and laudable cause and the
 same feeling will continue to exist if we do I
 as we have done in former days, wail until'
 those who oppress us shake the burden from:
 our shoulders. But here I mjst say that it'
 behoves tho»e w ho are patriotic among Afric’s j
 sons in Ohio, to will an organ into existence
 an organ of their own. They can have it,!
 and why should they have it* Because, asj
 you have truthfully said, that a very large;
 poition of our inhabitants have come from the;
 South, both ignorant, superstitious, 4c.; and,
 the establishment of a well conducted organ
 for this State will, in its very nature, arouse
 the sleeping energies of our people to a high
 er sense ot duty. You say, sir, that there are
 already, two or more newspapers published
 in this country. Of this fact, lam aware.
 The Christian Herald of your city. (Pitts--
 burgh) which is purely a church organ, and
 will not deviate from that course plainly laid
 out in its prospectus, promoting the interest of
 the Methodist Church, and setting aside the
 subject ot human freedom as not worthy to
 1 interest the dignitaries of that great and grow
 ing body. Tiie North Star, edited by our
 far-fauied, world-renowned, and talented
 brother, Frederick Douglass; a man who has
 felt the sung of the oppressor's cursed lash—
 a man who has known what it is to be a slave
 from long experience. Him I love, and would
 nut be guilty of laying any hindrance in his
 j way which would in the least retard ihe ad
 j vancement of that cause for w hich he labors—
 of all causes the mo9t glorious, that of the
 i Slaves. \et, fully acknowledging the capac
 ity of the editor of the Star for his duty, I do
 not wish here to be taking dictatorial grounds
 w hen I give it as my opinion that the Star ia
 not effecting that amount of good in and among
 Ohioans that we might derive fiom a section
 al organ. All and every organ that we have
 in this cause, (that is, the cause of the slave
 and nominally free.) you will find east of the
 mountains, which are conducted by colored
 men and admitting the faci that the Star is
 now founded upon a basis more firm than ev
 er was any other newspaper under the imme
 diate control and supervision of colored men,
 the establishment of a paper West would not
 affect, in the least, as I think, the interest of
 the Star. For 1 give it as my opinion, that
 every subscriber that now subscribes for the
 Star, and pays for it, would subscribe for a
 Western paper
 Yours fraternally,
 W. H. BURNHAM.
 Zanesville, Ohio, Oct. 86.
American and British Navigation Laws.
 The Secretary ot State, with a view to
 put our merchants and shippers abroad in
 possession of all the advantages which the
 change ra the Biitish Navigation laws offers
 them* has addressed communications to our
 Minister in China, and other public function
 aries in distant countries, slating precisely
 ami cleativ wtut effect that change produces,
 and to mad from what ports they may now
 take cargoes. Tbe construction given to the
 navigation laws of the two countries, as they
 now .tand, enables any American merchant
 to •‘end lus ship and cargo— -oo matter what
 ih&lt; cargo may consist of—from any poit of
 any country in the world, to any port of any
 country under the dominion of her Butanoic
 Majesty and also from any such port to any
 port ot any other country in the world aud
 tiie British merchant baa the same right in
 regard to the Unirad Slates, each paying tbe
 same rrros of duty, tonnage, Ae., as tbe
 other, in the ports of each that ia to say,
 both being placed upon precisely the same
 footing in eveiy respect But neilhet are to
 partake of the coasting trade uf the other
 For instance, no BnUih ship can bnng a c«-
go to New Yoik and then take a cargo ra
 Boston, nor ran she take a cargo from any
 one of otir porta to another; neither can aa
 American ship take a cargo from London to
 Bristol, or Kingston, Jamaica, to Port Royal;
 hot she can from any port in Great Britain
 u» any port of any British colony. An Ameri
 can me re riant in Canton, therefore, may att*4
 hit ship loaded sriih teas, silks, Ac., to any
 port ot Gieat Britain, or to any port of aajr
 of her colonial possessions, upoo the same
 terms that a British merchant can so that tbe
 carrying trade between tbe East Indies and
 Great Britain will be open to a fair competi
 tion between the ships of the two countries.
 —Boston Atlas.
The Panama Railroad. A letter from
 tbe Panama Railroad Company to the Gov
 ernment ai Panama, has just been published,
 from which we learn that the road will be
 commenced in November next. Vessels
 freighted with all necessary materials and la
 borers will leave New York about the first of
 next month, and tbe Company expect to place
 a locomotive on that portion of the road be
 tween Chagiea river and tbe bay of Panama
 within one year from the date ot the com
 mencement of the work.
 The Governor of Panama replies ra a very
 courteous letter, in which he expresses high
 gratification at the prospect of a speedy com
 mencement. and assures the company that the
 land required shall be immediately placed at
 their disposal. If uis public land it is to be
 delivered gratuitously if private, the Compa
 ny is to pay for it according to its true tralue.
 He concludes as follows
 If you trust that this Republic will have no
 reason to regret its having committed the con
 struction of the Inter-Oceanic Railroad to
 youiselves, whether in reference to the char-,
 acter of the work, or the date of its comple
 tion, I also hope, with full confidence, that
 you will not regret hating selected the Gra
 nadian Isthmus, rather than that of Tehuante
 pec or Lake Nicaragua, for the accomplish
 ment of a glorious enterprise, urgently de
 manded by the commercial interests of both
 Continents, and by the civilization of the 19th
 century. Vicksburg (Miss.) W/ug.
Receipts
 j Tor the North Star, from, the date of lost acknou;-
 Ifdgtntnt to .Vcv. 14, 1849.
 Isaac Post, don 10,00
 Wm R Hallowell. 20,00
 Lewis and Sarah Burt is. 3,00
 Asa Anthony, 2,00
 John E Robinson. ],OO
 Wm Macy, I*oo
 Richard Bradfield, 50
 Cornelia R Cowles, Austinburg, O 1,00
 G|rnsoman A. S. Society, 2,00
 Ralph Francis, 4,00
 Packham Rathbun, Macedon, 1,00
 Robert Braithwaite, 1.00
 Robert Bunker, 1,00
 George S Hedges, Saratoga Springs, 1,00
 James W Stewart, Dawkins Mills, O 1,00
 G Boyd, 1,00
 S H Ainsworth, West Bloomfield, 2,00
 John Bell, 2,00
 Townsend Coates, Johnson’s Creek, 1,00
 James W Stewart, Dawkin’s Mills, 1,00
 Geo R Williams, Chillicothe, O 1,00
 Isaac Colvin, Honeoye Falls, 1,50
N otices.
 Western New York Annnal Anti-Slave*
 ry Fair at Rochester.
 This fair will be opened the 16th of Janu
 ary next, instead of December, as has been
 before contemplated and published. The post- 1
 ponement will doubtless meet the approval of
 all concerned. We shall need more time for
 preparation, as the old articles are nearly all
 disposed of, and this year we must have an
 entire new stock. We hope there are already
 many sewing circles formed in different parts,
 who are zealously engaged in making up the
 great variety of useful and beautiful articles,
 that are usually presented at oui fair. Wo
 ask every abolitionist, and every friend of the
 cause in this State especiallyi as well as
 friends in every other State, to feel themselves
 bound to be represented, either personally or
 by donation, at the Rochester Fair. Let none
 feel themselves excused from laboring earnest
 ly to make this Anti-Slavery Fair worthy of
 the cause.
 Some of our warm-hearted European friends,
 have already prepared and forwarded a box of
 articles lo aid us in this movement. Truly,
 their disinteresteduess and devotedness ought
 to tinge every slaveholder’s cheek with shame
 —stir every northern abettor’s heart with re
 morse, and stimulate every abolitionist to
 double zeal. The North Star we intend to
 sustain, and wc ask the zealous co-operation
 of our friends in so doing. Lectures are much
 needed, and in this section of the State there
 is a wide field for profitable exertion.
 Seed diligently sown will yield a hundred
 or a thousand fold, and the bread ot troth cast
 upon the waters will return after many days.
 The personal attendance of anti-slavery f riends
 at the fair is earnestly solicited, and confident
 ly anticipated, and we trust that we shall be
 able to make it more worthy the patronage of
 the community than any that has preceded it.
 On behalf of the Fair Committee,
 AMY POST.
Appeal of tbe Philadelphia Association
 The “Women's Association of Philadel
 phia” appeal to a benevolent public, and to
 the friends of ihe Slave everywhere, to aid
 them in their approaching Pair, tbe ob
 ject of which is to sustain the “North Star.”
 To those who are familiar with the pages of
 this paper it is unnecesary to speak of ita
 merii. To those who have not seen it we
 may say, that we regard it as one of the very
 best anti-slavery instrumentalities now in the
 field.
 We are the more interested in it. because
 the editor is one of our oppressed race, and
 admirablv qualified by his talents and moral
 worth, to perform with credit the arduous
 task of editing a paper devoted to our eleva
 tion. We believe and trust that our friends
 i will give us tbeir liberal aid.
 To our own people we look earnestly ank
 hopefully. Sisters, Brothers, aball we lood
 ira vain* The iron has entered into your souls.
 1 Ye go heavily, bowed down to the very dust,
 dispirited, crushed by the weight of oppres-1
 sion. Ye hear tbe taunts of tbe enemy,
 “They are so ignorant and unrefined* They
 are jealous of one other! Yes. they unite
 but it u only to put down one who is more
 intellectual than the mass Prove by the
 unerring langutge of conduct that these as
 sertions so often throwo is oox faces are ma
 lictous slanders. Sustain F Dougtan, be
 cause his talents aud correct principles de
 mand your respect -:&gt;d confidence. Sustain
 him because it is right to doao, and because
 of the tweet peace the performance of so wor
 thy an action will assuredly brio* it into your
 bosoms. _
 The Fau will be held on Obnstmss week.
 Donations for it may be tent lo
 HARRIET SMITH, 319 Lombard-aueet,
 RACHEL LLOYD, MB Prae-eaeet,
 AMY M. CASSEY, 113 Lombard-street,
 Or to any member of tbe Association.
 Eliz abets Arts, Lydia Ass Be mu.,
 Mary Barrott, Hetty Beat,
 Louisa Bristol, Hclen Jobnson,
 Hester Bustill, Eliza Jones.
 Charlotte Mills.
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS, Car. Sec’y.
 No 54 Mull berry at.
 Philadelphia, 6th mo., 25, 1949.
Fioi'tii ciiaom cmiut. —Qyi&gt;iw{nf
 Dr. J. B. B— tk merit of Widtf'i B»l
 -eem of WiUCkm- —tt* ktTr hm Mated,
 nmqvoKi/tk beaiCti nmted frem tbia med*
 dm, ma M am teattannay in taw mf tu rdrawdi
 eery haalia# properties. We take pw pkeemme
 in statist. 'bat we bare frequently aaed it oareelf
 nad administered it to others during the put rear,
 in run «f obstinate roughs, colds, soreness of the
 chn*, kc., and always with the moat happy rereh#.
 We therefore cbrerfuH rwnund to ah aMksnd
 with the above diseases. to TRY the Bakun of
 WiU Chert;.
 Marietta, Georgia, Feb. 17, 188.
 The New York Evening Mirror wn —“Wi
 tar's Hainan in ntiM working wooden rn teriog the
 most desperate paheooary due# res. We have not
 only witnessed its effects, bwt hare sees a great
 ■aar certificates, which ptnee (be (Aon ot this
 •■valuable medicine berond aU quest too. It was a
 eastern among the early settlers of New England
 to driak freely of Wild Cherry tea ia cases of Cobb j
 and fevers, The tea waa made by steeping the
 tangs and bark of the Wild Cherry tree, nod driak
 freely morning and eveniag. Tha old Paritan Fa*
 thers used to regard it a* "the auTereigaeat thing
 on earth’* for all aorta, of complaints and there
 can be nodoafat bat the Balsam prepared by Dr.
 Waster is one of the vary best articles for Couaamp
 tioo that das yet been discovered."
 Always signed I. BUTTS oo the wrapper
 For sale oy Post k Willis; also by Wa.
 Piths.
nra large deep olcers.— Dr. W. B.
 Sloan—Dear Sir: In my opinion, the greatest cures
 effected are those that have longest resisted the
 skill of the medical Facaky- Admitting that to he
 a feet, I have a case in point, to wit: Mr, Jams*
 Hanford, of Sheboygan FalU, eras crippled two
 years with .fire large deep ulcers, just above the an*
 tie. The leg was so ranch swollen he could not get
 ou a boot. Nearly all the most popular Phytiaant
 in various places, nave treated his case without any
 beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in redacting the swelling sod healed
 two of the sores. The other three I labored at till
 the first of February, without much if any benefit,
 when I gave him a box of Sloap’s Ointment,
 and in tbre- weeks lie was well
 Respectfully yours,
 C. B. OSTRaNDER, M. D.
 Sheboygan, Wi#., March 2, 1848.
 gee Agents’ names at the bead of Sloan’s
 Column. For further particulars and testimonials,
 get pamplets of agents.
Commercial.
Rochester, Nov. 16th, 1§49.

 The past week has been very wet and unpleasant
 for business. Monday was the first pleasant day we
 have bad frr some time
 The wheat market baa remained quite steady, the
 reciept by wagon and canal ,have been a fa ir extent
 for the season, the price ranged from 8s 4d to 8s 6d
 yesterday. Oats are scarce and sell for 34 to 36
 cents.
 Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 y c ad val
 Flour, bbl *8 00&amp;5 SO
 Com meal, V bush 45 ®5O
 PROVISIONS. —Duty;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 *c; Cheese SO pc ad val
 Pork, (mess) 11 50 12 00
 Do- in hog 8 50
 Beef, cwt. 4 00 5 00
 Do- bbl. (mess) 700® 8 00
 Lard (tried) fb 7
 Do. (leaf,) &lt;S&gt;
 Hams, (smoked) 8
 Shoulders, do. 5® 54
 Butter 0 124
 Cheese 08 06
 Turkeys (f ft 64
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bush 25® 374
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 tf e ad val
 Wlieat, bush 1 03
 Corn 44
 Oats 31
 Barley 80
 HIDES—Duty; 5 cad val
 Slaughter .34
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts 40 75
 SEEDS —Duty; Linseed 10 yc; Mustard 20 (p
 c ad val
 Clover .3 75 ®6OO
 Timothy 160® 2 26
 Flax I 00
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 cad vnl
 Whitefish bbl 000
 Codfish cwt 3 26
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p bbl 1 26
 Aifetes, P bus 37
 Do. dried bush. 624
 Eggs, p dot -11
 Beans, p bush 75
 Hay, pton 700&lt;911 00
 Hard wood 3 25
 Soft Wood 3 3 a
i&gt; oc r 110 etnen t s.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS' CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas and French Sacks
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friend.* and tlie public, tliat one of the firm baa
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials iu use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOB YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the maiei ia's can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can gel them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and V isettes at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks, Turk Satins, V el
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low hi
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited,
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAM9LEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main si., Rochester, and
 H Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
The 014 iarosiu SMep,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, *ratelul for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition u&gt; this depart
 ment be w ill buv and sett House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 'various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which be will
 pey liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothia? repaved and renovated with neatness
 ail deapaicfc.
 front forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 18*.
Hair-Cattis* aal Brettisg at
 ZB P ATT ISON A BROTHER’S Saloon, under
 the Eagle, Buffalo street nov 16—3 m
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOL T GLAf*9, written by himself, u&gt; he
 had at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 37
Beatal Sar*ery.
 I would respectfully inform the richest of Rochester
 and earroundiug cotadry, that I have removed ay
 office tram No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 bowse No. &gt;2 Monroe Street.
 1 bankfol lor past favors is the line of ay promt
 ston, and flattering ayself the* I can give perfect
 tn all who any favor ae with their pu
 trooage- I would those who are^de
 tf having teeth iamrtod to eaft cat ae and antiufy
 themsehes. _
 A CLARK.
 N. B AD onwmkas perforaed by ae an the
 teeth and Plate Work wirramd
 Rochester, Oct. U, IMS- «f
Bail-Raa4 Ttae.
 /ULANGEIN TIME.—The tnim wtH .ua tens
 V to leave Rochester to-day at da tsilowiag tiam
 Eastward—et I*4 A.H., §4 A.*., 1 t
 Westward— at S| A. a., t T.m., I| p.«. It PM.
 Rochester, May 1, IMS.
 Cnnaccticut.
HOME POM REFORMERS.
 THS safest itbre has maovad to that neat, roe*e-
 Cmwt, where he wifi he idom heap* to releww vw
 af the Friends of Beforei. at rrwanUt ckrtu.
 Ha wishes his bowse to be the central pb*ce tu Foe
 te". whin the friends of Ttmperanct Peace, Parity
 Freedom, the Prisoner, Ac., mar aar!
 enjoy a comfortable sad quiet home.
 Central Court opeas at 238 Washington street
 JOHN m: spear.
 Boston, Aug, 21, 1818.
 J A MES W. MON DORM l\(; stiil continues to
 keep the Grocery on Second Street, foner ol
 Elm, North side. Has constantly oa head every
 variety of Groceries. 3m
 Cincinnati, Ohio. Jah 13. 1519.
JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot aed Shoe Maker
 No. 97, Crnnbery Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. Repairing neatly executed at the shortest
 ice and 00 the most reasonable terms.
HEW TORE ADVERTISEMENTS.
CilirH Sailers’ Home,
 330, Pearl Siren, .Vnr York.
 FRIENDS *W «hive, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can bow be accommodated with
 an good Board, and at as lowa price as io any other
 bowse ia the city. The house is Urge and con
 venient will hold comfortably setentv persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. W.M. P. POiVELL.
 May 11, 1849.
DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 9S, West Broad
 way.
MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she has removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 Street, where she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1849.
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the oftice of
 of the Anti SUvery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth lt)ih
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37j cts. in musliu,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, lnfiuence Rights and Appeal ot
 Women from various authors, 124 rents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—.
 j&gt;p. 120. Price 184 cents.
 m. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 ELLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing Articles,
 constantly on hand.
 May 18, 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISERS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 "VTEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 i. v in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Coli red
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on ham!, mostly ;&gt;t
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities an 1
 styles. j
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Lame, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different stjles
 Apron and Fumiture Check. Cotton Handkerchief#.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;r.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Browu Sugar good quality, of various grades
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Sulwcriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
DR. P. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
Free Labor lioods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an er
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 A«’. Ac.
 Orders for Goods, or letters denning information,
 may be addressed to J- Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Aliev.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. iu! —tf
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publication*, and usetu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the busine.c of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
ATHO L WATER CERE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie a turn turn
 of Invalids, especially tboie suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient*
 last season, and it is belived offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic am! thorough course in hydro
 patfcy- The supply of water is abundant, and m
 purity has been pronounce.: equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, Icing but
 a short distance from the V. A M. rai!r«jad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and ku
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the watei, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to o)*ain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrate*, this remark Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mam aged
 about thirtv-ffve years, wa* brought to me Let
 August. Her case presented the following t.ben»-
 mena. If placed in an erect posit too, and left un
 supported, &gt;he forthwith fen backward to tlie
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cresa tlie
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the tffth of sept.,
 aad was coutiaued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, the
 has coatiaued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health, ii he now attends to her
 domestic duties, aad with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Pat ten u are desired to bring three comfortable*,
 one pair of wooUea blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a doze* towels marked, with old luien lor
 bandages
 Terms, from ive to ten dollar* per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or chotca d thr unseat*.
 Those who are less pa'ticufar in the w-tertiea of
 rooms, or are w riling fo occupy them iu common
 with other*, wtH bn charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 Falser** Artiicial Lcr.
 rUB entirely new. beautiful, aad eminently set
 vicaMe lunh, which has received the big hr*
 awards and most hearts testimonials of all the
 ■riaeiMi onamitr ussutmnms aad ssrceoas ol
 haaimals m thw country, in addition to those who
 havegned the bmb, m being ia every respect, supe
 rior to nay limb ever before invented in Europe or
 Amerin,» arm mamrfectmed ia Sfnmtfdd, Mem.,
 by Messrs. Pilau, Cctiui A Hc»sos
 -tT-t rWii/sitwn
 Reroutes.'
 Drs. Hanilton aad BrnAoec, of Buffalo.
 fk. Garsor, Batavia-
 Drs. Wcmsteb aad M#o»«, Barhmter-
 Off. Pott* a, Gorham, (who wear* oaa
 Or. Hue or, Syracuse. stpMAg
SLOtvs roi.rns.
 CO* Afi the medicine* advert mat I by W. B. Staaa
 •it sold bv Post A Willis, Wiankw Yc
 cbemvr; S. Kenshaw, Frankfort; 4 9 Bairn*A
 Co.,Lew stoa- T A A Fry*, Br* &lt;*pret;
 Nye, Pimf-rd, w WiHuuw, Bfll a*4 fry
 moil druggists throughout the United I
 family omirirt
 Sloan s ointment an. r m
 knovt lodged to be an infalfiibte remedy tvy
 ease w ben, u has been taithtullv applied the ha
 man stem, for prom&gt; time l»-ei k »,Ue Perm wratAua,
 drawing out the inflammation from woe ad, re
 lievtng p*‘n of every kind, md in its bnalmg
 qualities the w rid does not prodate it# eqa* 1, IM
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and best 4
 h. Oi.tn.nt ,h., h,. h-nWd AUdi -Mr.
 ot the Flesh, Obremale Ulcere, Old Sores. I kd
 ”nß*&gt; Sore Throat, Boros, Cuts, -tana
 Erupaoa, Sore \ippk-», Sore Breaeu, Dueane* of
 the Lye, Agu- m the feee, aide, Wk, aad tk
 other iwrt* ot the syumi, Boila, Ulcere, Scalfi
 Hea'f, Bruise,, fresh Wounds, and every kad of
 sores coauiuing tfe least particle of inffammauoa
 ape permaneatlv cored bv this great reasady.
 _ W. B SLOAN,
 Graa.l IVpot, 40. Lake st.. Chicago, IU
IN galena.
 Mr Sloan.— Dear dtr. About ihree years age
 1 w,is revetelv injured in one of my legs by tie
 falling of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor &gt;a Gaiema
 tried to cure them; but tried in vair, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well ngaia—4&gt;ut in order
 Uut I might neglect no means within my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge of my surprise and
 gratitude better than 1 can expresa it, to find a»y
 •elt entirely well before I Kad finished using the
 second !&gt;ox.
 These facts I aiaxc known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment asvours bin proved to be. Respectful!),
 your era’efuf friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, Id., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNKfcS.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Su. I hereby certify
 that my son Alhert, eleven years of age, was
 atilicted'in his feet from the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of causing pain and much
 i affliction, inanv t.aies he was obliged to go ou his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the aoi affliction uotii now; baffling lite skill ot
 several physicians; but to our surprise lus feet are
 now perfrrtiy sm «ith soft and free from cracks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, I would say
 tiie boy put it on himself as an experiment of his
 own,from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 1 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 I his feet were near about in a healthy state, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 •wise. Yours, &amp;c.
 Id A At- PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849-
FIVK LARGE DEEP ULCERS
 Shebotgav, Wir., March 2, 1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longeat resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two yeais with Jiie targe deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle The leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 rase without any beneficial eflect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and heafod two
 of the sores. The other three I lalwed at till the
 first of Februar), without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan's OiNTMERT, *nd
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 tR THK WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME
 BURNT TO CINDERS.
 W. D. Sloan
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that'l should return
 to you my unfeigned thunks for vour L’N PARAL
 LELED Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter's clothes caught fire, ami before tlie dames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, tlie
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointmmi
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The mtdume is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family ami person should have it in their posses
 sion.
 I feel mdedunl to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready add willing to perform.
 Your bumble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE, j
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb 28th, 1849. f
For p units, Mild run, Sojety, CfrtuuUy
 and ihorouektms SLOAN’S
 OINTMENT Excel*,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Linimer/'.s now iri use for the cure ol the folio wing
 disrates:
 Ftesh Wounds, tj of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windfalls, Poll
 Evil, CalUw, Spavin*, Sweeney, Fistula, Safest,
 Strains, Lau erics' 1 Sami Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and iloru Distemper.
 The I‘uwutK will remove ail inHammatioa aad
 (ever, purify the blood, !oo»en rlie skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the Ixxfy and
 has proved a sovereign remedy lor the following
 diseases
 Distemper. Hide-bound, Lo**ol Appetite, Inward
 Strain*, Yellow Water, Intlammation of the Eves,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Khruruat/itn,
 (coetunooH called stiff ornpiai.it.) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country, ft is
 also a &lt;i«*d certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate m many fau&lt; diseases.
 W B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, Id Like *t., Chicago, Illinois
I0&lt;» MUCH
 Cannot be sold in favor of Sloan's Horse Mad,
 cues. Our asffkliova, (ruwiu aad acquaintance*
 wko have unu tnetn, tastily tncir approUtmu in no
 ordinary terms, and recomiueml 'hetu with cooff
 ueare Cures, almost miracu’oos hare been effected
 by ibis medicine. «Event disease which the hors*
 i* heir to” is cured, peru»i«nUy, by the use ui
 Fiona’s Medicine*. TRY THEM and test for voor
 seu thair effitusy—/«. Organ, M* y s tk. IH4O
HIGHLY SPORES OF.
 Etfma from ike Wttuhetha Drauutui Mu
 M so R, L&lt;M»
 “Mloas i Mt.Ditisk*. —A subscriber wrrtssw
 from the tow* of New Kerim, requests os to aar,
 that he has u*e.i Mr. Hfoan s Hots# fhmmtm t*
 several instances during tiae past wiotrr. aad
 always with the desired effect, sad wishes at to
 reeoniateod it u&gt; those who have the use aad rare
 &lt;A horses Mr. Shma’s saedtrtacs see
 spoken ot generally, ami ituw the htvorahle «e
 -quetiituince we have'with that gentlemen, we are led
 to Write«e that Lee* era p»eperad muh a view to
 give a real LraeAt to whatever purpose they are re
 cteamended-
kaytia mag air*.
 Da VS t. RWi*»-Ihe Ae—Last month Mr.
 A- B. Taifor, &lt;4 Goober llill, Indiana, had a
 tmes bed hr bitten oe the nose by a KatiWsawka
 Hast ten hoars after, I as the burse, bis hand was
 reeaurkably swollen, 1 MHkdislsh year
 OiarawHl freely, and a* were
 prampt terw-r afforded. Ia lea. &lt;lmo oa«Uur fo!
 •weiUng bsgae to abate, aad ia tw«*ty foar hoars
 had seiirty all sabsidwl, aad wtthm thrae day* th
 totoe wss wt fofteuw, hat wws ectenih pat
 Aasd labor euhout any ta)ur»oas resa t.
 Y tV'i!3ffiuSW.*
 Cricaoo, Jdo« wh, 18411- 4
"
