"POETRY.
the fugitive slave's apostrophe
 TO THE NORTH STAR.
 £ta* of the North! though night winds drift
 Tlw fleecy drapery of the ikv,
 Be: «cw thy lamp and me, I lift,
 \ra, lift with hope my sleepless ere,
 To the blue bright* wherein thou dweU'eL
 And of the land of freedom tell'et.
 Star of the North! while UazHtf da?
 Pours round me it* full tide of light.
 And hide* thy pele but faithful rav,
 It t**, lie hid, and long for sight;—
 For night: I dare not walk at noon.
 Nor dare 1 iruet the faitbieee moon,—
 Nor CeilhleM man, whose Immir* lust
 For grid hath rivetted nay chain;
 No other leader ran I Trnrtj
 But thee, of er*a the starry train;
 F&lt;»r, all the host around thee burninf,
 Like faithless man, keep turning, turning.
 I may not (Jkr where iVjr go:
 Star of the north, 1 look to thee,
 M’lnle on I pres*; for well I know
 Thv light and truth shall set me free;—
 Thy fight, tliat no poor slarc dereireth;
 Thy t: ulh, that all ray soul bcliecetb.
 They of the East beheld the star
 Tliat over Ilethlrhem’* manner glowed;
 With i&lt;iv they hailed it fiom alar,
 Aim followed where it marked the rosd,
 Till, where it* rays directly fell,
 They found ths hope of Israel.
 Wise were the men who followed thus
 Tie- Star that sets men free from sin.
 Star of the North! thou art to us,
 Who're slares because we wear a akin
 Dark as i« night’# protecting wing,—
 Thou ait to us a holy thing.
 And we arc- wise to follow thee.
 I trust thy steady light alone,
 Star of tin.- N’otth! thou seera’st to me
 To burn before the Almighty's throne.
 To gukie me, through tlieee forests dim
 And vast, to Liberty and Him.
 Thv beam is oh the glassy lerast
 &lt;&gt;f the still spring, upon whose brink
 1 by inv wintry limbs to rest,
 And bow- my parching linilis to drink.
 Guide of the li lend less, negro’s way,
 1 bless dice fa this quiet ray.
 In tlie dark top of southern pines
 I nestled wlien the; driver’s liorn
 Called to tin? field, in lengtiteiiing lines.
 My fellows, at tlic break of mom.
 And then? I lay till thv sweet face
 Looked in u|mjii iny hiding pbce.
 Tlu’ tangled cane-brake, wlierc I crept
 For slu-ltei from tlie heat of noon,
 And wlicre, while others toiled, I slept.
 Till wakened U the rising moon,
 As its stalks feh the night wind fre&lt;?,
 Gave me to catch a glimpse of thee.
 Star of the North! in bright array
 Tile constellations round thee sweep,
 Each holding on its nightly way,
 Rising or sinking in the deep,
 And, as it hangs in mid-heaven flaming,
 Tlie homage of some nation claiming.
 Tlu* nation to the Eagle cowers;
 I it ensign!—she’s a bird of spoil:
 Like worships like; for each devours
 Tlte earnings of another's toil.
 I’ve felt her talons and her beak,
 And now the gentler Lion seek.
 The Lion, at the Virgin’s feet,
 Crouches, and lays his mighty paw
 Into her lap;—an emblem meet
 Of England’s queen and English law;—
 Quoen, tiiat hath made lier islands free;
 Law, tliat holds out its siueid to me.
 Star of tlie North' upon that shield
 Thou shinest. O forever shine.'
 Tiie negro, from the cotton-field,
 Shall then beneath its orb recline,
 And feed the Lion couched before it,
 Nor heed the Eagle screaming o’er it.— Pierpmi.
 The constellations Aquila, Leo, and Virgo, are
 here meant by the astronomical fugitive.
Frit mi Doc glass, —Being recently a Novem
 ber visitant at the great wonder of our western
 hemisphere, l ventured to pencil come tlioughts ujion
 a theme, which, although the frequent subject of the
 painter anil the |x&gt;el, will forever remain c*.haustlcss.
 As I stood ujioa the shelving ledge, and saw- the
 mighty volume, sheeted u rth foam, making its ma- j
 jestie plunge into the fearful abyss, I tin sight it not I
 an inapt emblem of the vast flood of light which
 Truth is now pouring u|x&gt;n the world; some rays of:
 which, I trust, your Star is about to disseminate.
 Respectfully yours,
 J. E. Robi.vso.v.
 Rjchttitr, Njvtmb*r y 1547.
TO NIAGARA.
 To-day I stand a pilgrim on thy verge,
 O! I Niagara! and my willing car
 Drinks in the deep bass of thy wondrous voice—
 The voice of many waters On they come,
 From la ic's greener depths, anil bright St. Clair,
 And Huron fathomless, and far oil Michigan;
 And cliastc Superior huarduth not his wealth,
 Hat sends his affluence to fliv giant tide.
 On, on they cnuic, commingling as they run,
 And, leaping in their joyauce, in one mighty flood,
 Tutu their libation from thy trembling verge.
 Earth’s joyous angel, Beamy, hovers round,
 And plumes licr wing amid thy snowy cloud;
 And wlien yon glorious orb is slanting o’er
 Tiiy Inttlemeiits his lieams, her mystic hand
 ShajH-s from tin* elements a child of light;
 Thy cloud ot incense its haptismal foul,
 And cradle of her ollspi ing new ly born.
 Now as I gate, Time's solemn centuries,
 Hoar spirits of the past, cull from tlieir hollow tomb
 Nor'tell us when thou wert not. Wlien Iloreb’s rock
 Touclied by the feeble wand of Israel’s leader, gave
 Its tountains fur lier lips, e’en then thy thunder tones
 dilating along those dills, shook earth and air.
 When Is-ariled time was in his infancy,
 lie played amid thy toani. hen Mcmnons mai'bli
 gave
 It&lt; first weird music to the morning beam,
 A kindred shall tell on thy pillared mist,
 And Iris lingered round these rocks, and smiled.
 Sublimity is tlioe; thou art sublimity;
 And tin' great seal of Deity is fixed
 forever on thy brow! ’Tis no idolatry
 I o stand a inutc-lipped wurshi|&gt;pcr at thy shrine,—
 I o feel ota weakness, while our spirit kneels
 T luis in tin- presence-chamber of tlie great I AM
 Air! listens to the anthem tlw&gt;u art ringing,
 Ever from oil' thine altar to His praise.
ROBERT BURNS.
 BV MONTGOMERY.
 What I&gt;inl in beauty, flight, or song,
 ('an with die bird compare,
 Who sang sweet, and soared as strong,
 As ever child uf airt
 li&gt;. |dome, his note, his firm, could BURNS,
 For whim or pleasure change;
 lie ».w tv* one, lint all I&gt;&gt; turns,
 With transmigration strauge.—
 Tlie Blackbird, oracle of soring.
 When flowed his moral lay;
 The Swallow wheeling on die wing,
 Capriciously at play;
 The I (mnming-binl, from bloom to bloom,
 Inhaling heavenly Imvlhi;
 The Rave iii the le«npest*s gloom;
 'rhe Halcyon in tin- tabu;
 I.i aal i kiik A How ay tile Owl,
 r witchio" time &lt;&gt;t nh^iit;
 R\ .rjiti,• I hem,’* the cailicst fowl
 That enrolled to the light,
 li was the Wran amid die ffr.ive,
 M *n .1 in his homely Vein;
 ht i iu&lt; hi,orn da* bird of Jovp,
 i.U ti uaslei' iu Ins train;
 I H&lt; .s,dl:i k. in hi&gt; mournful hours;
 I ‘.el ‘o„t, in I- 4 r ‘o,Oj
 I a.iifti, ii spendthrift of his (jewels,
 ici m, Iu jk .i ami cm tli,
 in ioH)t siy and grace,
 1 ‘MU’nt| ~iti*e ami »ti:l;
 Imc &gt;n&gt; Fa)e&lt;ai in th*‘ ik**e,
 1 111. i Ins MCir, kill,
 I 1..im1 m -.iiiiilk ill
 liai. U na the
 (fill ns ’i» liiiu, ..II IsrsUte, was kb
 f s Nirfiiliis/ Sr, oi l/ilr.
 4 lit, Itad t- tab. I si. »-|iM 1,, sliaiiM
 N l« It S twsllll to I ne,
 *1 tl.l 1 'll V. tl n ftol to IMi.lt
 i |«et lliid *4 I'.Ua lib
 |oi skilV.iia 1 I• IM I i4bi.tr
 4 MM4 •U, I 'NII &gt;4
 If '4 f&lt; cat Ih&gt; sfsmoi.MsMM IMS,
 Tilt I'Ha ..it «4 vjMMi all
A KIND-HEARTED CHILD.
 There is nearly in front of oar office, i
 an old pump—a kind of town pump
 which every one mar use, and whose
 wet and bespattered base speaks plain
 er than sign boards could do, of water
 for man and hones; and a very excel- j
 lent pump it is, too —never oot of order,;
 easily worked, and. furnishing the pu- 1
 rest, clearest, coolest water in the
 world. Many a thirsty school boy and
 omnibus driver has refreshed himself at
 that pump—the trackmen and draymen
 j stop there and the old iron ladle that
 i hangs by its side has been pressed to
 many a sweet and pretty lip. It is no
 j unusual thing, just after school hours,
 to see some little fellow, with hissatch
 -1 el over his shoulder, working away at
 the handle for ten minutes at a time, till
 ail who have gathered around it have
 been supplied with drink. But yes
 terday the pump was honored as though
 |an angel had blessed it. A rosy cheek
 ed girl, her face half hid in a flood of
 glorious curls, came bouncing by, driv
 i mg her hoop, as the old, decreprd apple
 j women, whom every body knows, and
 whom no one passes without git ing her
 a penny, was endeavoring to obtain a
 drink. She had set down her basket,
 but bent nearly double by the weight of
 her years and sorrow s, was still com
 pelled to lean upon her staff. The little
 Hebe saw the difficulty, and was in an
 I instant at the handle. Holding the la
 die until it was filled, she carried it gent
 ly to the lips of the old lady, then filled
 i it again, w hile the warm, grateful thanks
 j of.the poor woman called the crimson
 to her cheek, which as she hurried a
 way was deepened by the consciousness
 j that she was observed. We shall ever
 remember that girl, and the joyous sat
 isfaction with which she performed a
 good and kind action to the aged. The
 scene, and the hearty thanks of the old
 lady, called forcibly to mind, and not
 altogether inappropriately, the beauti
 ful thought in Talford’s tragedy of Ion:
 It’* a littlo thing
 I To gire a cup of water, yet it* draught
 Of cool refreshment, drained by fevered lips,
 May send a shock of pleasure to the soul,
 More exquisite than when nectarious juice
 Renews the life of joy in happiest hours*.”
 REMINISCENCES OF CHALMERS.
 On entering Kilmanv one Sabbath
 morning, I was informed that Mrs.
 Chalmers had, during the preceding
 night, presented the Doctor with his
 first child. On meeting with him, I ad
 verted to the circumstance, and inquired
 how Mrs. Chalmers and the child were
 'getting on. He replied that, “they
 are as well as could be expected; but J
 could not have conceived that an event
 i of this kind would have occasioned such
 j a stir; that so many persons would be
 i employed about it; that there would
 have been such a running up and down
 J stairs, and from one apartment to an
 t other; and all this bustle about bring
 ing into the world a creature not three
 j feet long.” I observed that no bustle
 I would be more cheerfully submitted to
 than that which takes place at the birth
 !of a child, whose utter helplessness
 j makes so irresistable an appeal to our
 sympathy and tenderness. And, as to
 the child not being three feet long,
 we must estimate its value as we do
 that of a young tree—not by the small
 ness of its dimensions, but by the size
 that we expect it to attain. There
 may be some truth in that,” said the
 ‘Doctor, smiling, “hut really such a
 hustle as (he house was thrown into by
 this affair, I was quite unprepared to
 expect.”
 Of the bewilderment to which contem
 plative persons are liable, the Doctor
 exhibited a ludicrous instance, by com
 ing on one occasion from Kilmanv to
 Cupar, with a pair of stockings, of which
 the one was of a quite different pattern
 from that of the other. The person on
 whom he had called, and from whom I
 had the anecdote, pointed out to the as
 tonished Doctor the mistake he had
 committed.
 Dr. Chalmers’ toilet was soon dis
 patched. To the advantage which
 dress gives to the external appearance,
 he was remarkably indifferent. He
 1 might have been seen walking about
 Kilmany in such laded habiliments as
 would have made a person who did not
 know him suppose that his condition
 was a large remove beneath that of a
 clergyman. On one occasion, when
 walking to Cupar, accompanied by my
 brother, I encountered the Doctor or
 j the Kilmany road, and stopped a few
 minutes to converse with him. When
 I overtook iny brother, who had gone
 j forward, he said, that he wondered how
 I had become acquainted with the bea
 i die of the parish. The beadle!” I ex
 claimed. Don’t judge by the outwarc
 appearance. He is the minister of the
 parish, the celebrated Dr. Chalmers
 with whom any one, however exaltce
 i his rank, might be proud to be acquain
 i ted.”
 A specimen of caligraphy so difficuli
 to decipher as that of Dr. Chalmers,
 j believe it would not be easy to find
 His letters were so shapeless, so unlike
 those they were designed to represent
 I that you would have been almost tempt
 j ed to think that he intended to mystify
 his meaning and perplex his correspond
 ent. 1 once received a letter from him,
 which nobody to whom I showed ii
 could read, and which I believe wouh
 have baffled all my attempts to do so,
 had 1 not been previously acquainted
 w ith the subject to which it referred.
 Studious persons are somtimes sur
 prisingly ignorant how to act on ordina
 ry occasions. I )r. Chalmers came home
 one evening on horseback, and, as nei
 ther the man who had the charge of hi*
 horse, nor the key of the stable could bt
 found, he was for some time not a little
 puzzled where to find a teinporar\ resi
 lience for the animal. At last he fixed
 on the garden, as the fittest place he
 could think of for the purpose; and,
 having led the hor**e thither, fee p!uc*.d
 l it on the garden walk. When his sis
 ter, who hud also been from home, re
 turned, whs told that the kev of the stu
 c u,t found, she enquired
 Hnat had been d.»ne with the horse. “1
 took it to the garden&gt; *.jd ht Poc^
 I 0i1..-garden!"-he excUuned; n
 ail our Hower ami vegetable beds will
 be d.-Htmied.” “iWtbe .lr.nl of
 that, said tlie Doctor, fi*r I took par
 ticular caro lo plara the kurse w, the
 garde a~walk.” Ami did you re.|| v
 imagine.' rejoin* d the ruder, “that h«
 •mid remain there?” have n
 •loti lm of It, .aul the Doctor; i;, r
 •agaciott. an annual as the hurse «*.*|d
not but be aware of the' proprietj of re
 fraining from injuring tbe product* of
 the garden.” U I afraid.” said
 Miaa Chalmers, that you will think
 less favorably of the discretion of the
 hone when you have seen the garden.”
 To decide the controversy by an appeal
 to tbe facts, they went to the garden,
 and found, from the ruthless devastation
 which the trampling and rolling of the
 animal had spread over every part of it,
 that the natural philosophy of the horse
 was a subject with which the lady was
 far more accurately acquainted than her
 learned brother. I never could have
 imagined,” said the Doctor, that hor
 •ses were such senseless animals.”
 j Hogg't H'ttkhf hutrudar.
DROWXIHG OF SIX HUH DBE D
 SLATES.
 AN INCIDENT OF THE SLAVE TRADE.
 KtliTIP La THE CSIVEESE EEWrAfAfEE.
 In the vear 1830 there was hovering
 upon the African Coast a large clipper
 brig, called the Briihttntr, commanded
 by a desperado named Homans. Ho
 j mans waa an Englishman by birth and
 was known along the whole coast and in
 Cuba, aa the most successful slaver of
 his day. The brig was owned by two
 men residing in Havanna, one an En
 glishman, the other a Spaniard. She
 was built to carry sLx hundred negroes,
 I and in her Homans had,in ten successful
 voyages, actually landing in Cuba five
 'thousand negroes! The brig carried
 ten guns, had thirty sweeps and a crew
 I of sixty Spaniards, the most of them as
 desperate as their commander. An
 English brig of war, which attacked
 her w f as so cut up in hull and rigging,
 that she was abandoned and soon after
 sunk; an English sloop of war attempted
 to carry the Brilliante w ith boats, but
 was beaten off with great slaughter.
 Now it was well known that Ho
 mans was again on the coast, and it
 was resolved to make another desperate
 effort to take him with the evidence of
 his guilt on board. The arrangements
 were well made. He was allowed to
 take in his cargo of negroes and set
 sail.
 The Brilliante had not lost sight of
 the coast when the qqick eye of the
 commander discovered that he was en
 trapped. Four cruizers, three English
 and one American had been laying in
 wait for him, and escape was hopeless,
 1 1 for in running away from one he w’ould
 come w ithin reach of another. Night
 was coming on, and Homans was silently
 regarding his pursuers, when suddenly
 the huge sails of the brig flapped idly,
 the wind died rapidly away, and the
 slaver was motionless on the waters,
 “This w'ill not do,” Homans muttered,
 knocking away the ashes from his cigai
 their boats will be down upon me
 before I am ready for the visit,” and a?
 he said this, his stern face lit up with n
 smile, the expression of which was dia
 bolical. It was evident he meditated
 some desperate plan.
 A dozen sweeps were got out, and
 the vessel moved slowly through the
 water. Meantime the darkness having
 j deepened, Homans proceeded to carry
 out his design.
 The cable attached to the heaviest
 anchor, was taken outside the hawser
 hole, and carried round the bow, aft
 round the stern, and then forward on
 the other side. The hatches were then
 taken off, and the negroes passed up,
 each securely ironed by the wrists. As
 j the miserable w retches came from the
 hot hold into the fresh air, they express
 sed by their looks a gratitude that w'ould
 have softened the heart of any hut the
 fiend in whose power they were. AVith-
 out a word they were led to the side,
 made to bend over the rail, outside ol
 which the chain ran. It w r as slow work,
 j hut at the end of four hours, six hundred
 •Africans, male and female were bending
 oyer the rail of the brig, in a painful po
 rtion, holding by (heir chained hands tc
 a huge cable which was to be attached to
 j a heavy anchor, suspended by a single
 sling from the bow.
 Homans himself examined the fasten
 ings to see that every negro was stron"-
 |ly bound to the chain. This done, he
 ordered the pen work of the hold to be
 broken up, and brought on deck, bounc
 up in matting, well filled with shot and
 thrown overboard. The work was com
 pleted an hour before day-break, anc
 I now* the only w itness of Homans’guilf
 was attached to the fatal chain. Ho
 mans turned to his mate, and with t
 smile full of meaning, said in Spanish—
 Harro take an axe and go forward. Th&lt;
 wind will come off to us soon. Lister
 for the word, and when you hear it cu
 the sling.
 The man went forwrard, and Homan;
 j turned and in vain attempted to pene
 Itrate the darkness. I don’t w ant t&lt;
 lose the niggers,” he said, speaking
 aloud—and yet, I dare not wait unti
 daylight. I wish I knew where th&lt;
 hounds were.”
 At that instant the report of a gm
 reached his ear, then another and an
 other in different directions. The cruis
 ers were firing signals.
 That’s enough, answered Homans
 I know where you are. Then raising
 ■his voice he cried, Harro, are yoi
 ready? the wind will reach us soon.*
 Ay, ay, sir, was the response,
 i In a few moments the sails began t&lt;
 j fill, and the vessel moved slowly throug]
 jthe water.
 How much water do you suppose w&lt;
 hare here? asked Homans, turning t&lt;
 the man at the wheel.
 Fifty fathoms, at least, was the reply
 That will do, the slaver muttered, am
 he walked forward, and carefully exam
 ined the “chain gang,” as he brutal])
 termed his diabolical invention.
 The negroes sent up piteous groans
 For many hours they had been hem
 over in that unnatural position,by w hicl
 :thcv were suffering the keenest torture
 The breeze strengthened, the Rriffj.
 ante Joshed tike a racer over the deep
 Homans hailed from the quarter deck
 while his men collected in groups, wit
 nessed munoved the consummation ol
 of the plan.
 Are you ready, Harro?
 Aye, aye, sir.
 1 totoaiM looked around and out int&lt;
 tbr darkness, which waa fast giving
 way to the naorn.—Then be thundered
 out—
 Strike.
 T here was a sound of a single blow.
 heavy plunge, and ns the cable f&lt; 1] off
 the M«ie, n crash, above who h rose ane
 u-rtilth- shriek. It was th* Inst ery »*l
 &gt;k -ranhiLl
One more, end nil was still.—Six
 Hundred human beings had gone down
 with that anchor and chain, into the
 deaths of the ocean!
 Two hoars after day-break the Bril
 tiante was overhauled. There was no
 evidence that she was a slaver, and her
 captors were obliged to let her pass.
 The instructions to cruisers at that time
 did not allow a vessel to be captured
 unless negroes were found on board.
Fna dhe MTaomockat Pwrirt-
 THE GOOD TIME,—IS IT COMING I
 Well, that is a question, b’nt it,
 friend Editor? True, almost even bo
 id) says the good time will come; hut it
 strikes me they mope along in the world
 kicking at this and grtimhling at that
 little obstacle, just as though they did’nt
 i believe their own words, —as though
 they didn't leel in their hearts w hat their
 lips were saving, every once in a while,
 automaton like. Still, 1 have no doubt
 a majority of them entertain, in their
 ever hopeful souls, a kind of indefinable
 hope of a “good time,” —away off,
 somewhere, it may he; but to comr,
 somehow or another, at seme time or
 another. The question is, will it come:
 —ls it coming
 Says an editor whose sheet lies before
 me, it, will. Good,” he says, “will
 overcome evil, —truth w ill overcome er
 ror, —right will triumph, finally, in a
 struggle with wrong.” I don’t know
 about that. The struggle has already
 been a long one, —the struggle between
 right and wrong.—and the right hasn’t
 fairly triumphed yet. What may come
 jto pass one of these days, I don’t know;
 but in the ether world, most of the
 ministers say, the devil is to have the
 j biggest kingdom to all eternity, whicli
 he does not deserve; and people are tc
 curse their Maker, which they ought
 not to do. Of course, right ean’t tri
 umph there, —or else the ministers
 got the hang of things,—or else 1
 havn’t got the right hang of the minis
 ters. When, then, is the good time
 to make its advent
 There is oppression now, as there ev
 er was. Power is getting gradually
 from the hands of the many into the
 hands of the few, and is only broughi
 hack to its rightful possessors througl
 terrible and convulsive struggles, sucl
 as may not occur oftener than once t
 [Century, even with a people naturally
 and truly jealous of their rights. Mur
 ders and robberies, and other crimes,—
 crimes cold-blooded, and crime's pas
 sionate, —are constantly multiplying
 j Poverty is making mad its gaunt, starv
 ing victims; and despair shrieks un&lt;
 I groans in many a cot and cabin. Ii
 God’s name, where i.» the good time
 But don’t let’s fret ourselves. Th&lt;
 good time is coming, and has come,
 can see and you can see the cvidenci
 of it, every duy, and in almost everj
 passing event. We feel it in our bones
 jYY e inhale the inspiring truth in th&lt;
 very air we breathe. Even the storn
 j clouds shadow it; and the sun shines it
 in characters w hich all may read. Be
 cause oppression and wrong have no
 ceased, or have secured new victims, i
 does not follow that they are to grim
 |us in the dust forever. There are mori
 slaves to-day than there were yesterday
 j yet slavery is nearer to its grave, anc
 will certainly die and he buried. Mori
 executions may take place this year
 than have taken place in any two vean
 before; yet the time is coming, and th&lt;
 llight of this year hastens it, when thes&lt;
 shall be abolished forever. The leav
 cn is working, and the whole lump ii
 being leavened, slowly, but surely, ant
 steadily.
 i There is more real freedom in the
 j world to-day than there was yesterday
 i Truth is uttered more boldly, and mei
 receive it more gladly. We are no
 afraid to listen. The great minds of tht
 world arc speaking their great thought!
 on subjects of interest to us in thi;
 world. They are not puzzling thcii
 brains and our brains with nonsensica
 questions, as to w hether there are thret
 God 3 or only one; or whether hadei
 land shoel mean hell right out and out
 or only an extensive under-ground runt
 hole; or whether it is lawful to do gooc
 !or only go to meeting, of a Sunday; 01
 whether an Aiminian or Calvinistit
 I place of torment in the future world i:
 the more tolerable. They talk of men’s
 rights—of their right to govern them
 selves, and to speak their own thought!
 —of their interests, as affected by th«
 monopolizing of the land by the few, b&gt;
 prohibitary or revenue tariffs, by higl
 postages, by high laws. When a na
 tion is starving, they send bread to re
 -1 store the famished, and not sennons t&lt;
 get them out of one church into anoth
 er. And instead qf stirring up feuds ir
 a few congregations of honest worship
 pers, they stir the whole people—th&lt;
 nation’s very heart—with love and grat
 itude.
 They think and speak of corn-lawj
 and criminal laws; of the policy of put
 ting men into prison because they art
 poor, and choking them to death be
 cause they arc bad—of the commoi
 1 schools, and how they may be improv
 ed; ofsteain-cugines, and how they maj
 ;be rendered safer and more valuable'
 of the soil, and how it may he cultiva
 ted; of the poor laborer, and how hn
 i condition may be made better. The)
 speak, and their words are sent by light
 ning’s force from city and from town t&lt;
 town, on little wires, to the printer’!
 press; and then they issue again, oik
 visiting the palace and the cabin, arc
 i read by the and the low, the exal
 ted and the humble, to leave their im
 press, and come forth yet once again iu
 great and generous deeds.
 In this way and by these means, the
 world is growing better, and the coon
 time is coming. It will as truly come
 as that the saith turns ou its axis; and
 nnw sul-i* of vs as hope ar.u be
 lieve, may enjoy it- .Dwelling on the
 dark side of every picture, and despair
 ing of progress because everything does
 not go with lightning -i &lt;d; fi aratg t.
 stir out of our tracks lest we may be
 alarmi d at .the idea of beiim afraid, of
 getting frightened, and Mcowling, and
 grumbling, and at every poling
 doll who at and* in our way—an thi*
 may not and «dj not hasten the time;
 hut the time, th&lt; 44 good time” will entnr
 in spile of it, ai d tbr earth will *hin&lt;
 with radiant lx auty, and our hearta a ill
 buoud with al*w and gladataneiwaa.
 aiay u ha, Ihtne irulr.
 C. WWISTK*,
 RMMta ha* V» 1*47
the wterestwc slate case
 OF MOIST HOLLT.
 nmiT wti or the riwu is this couil-
 T*¥ »T /TUT —VERDICT in FAVOR
 the master—the MIUTART CALLER
 OUT
 We subjoin a brief statement of the 1
 facts of the arrest of three negroes at
 Mount Holly, under the plea that they
 were slaves. Independent of the natu
 ral abhorrence which exists among us
 against slavery, the trial has an inter
 est, as being the first ever held in this
 country. We give the facts as narra
 ted by a friend:
 This highly interesting and important
 slave case took place in Mount Holly,
 New* Jersey, and was very unexpectedly
 decided last evening. It was a clauu
 made by Mr. John Koth, a slave holder,
 who resides in Cecil county, State o&lt;
 Maryland, to recover, as fugitive slaves.
 Perry Henson, Noah Henson, and Ra
 chel Pine, three respectable colored
 citizens, who have been residing for
 several years in the neighborhood ol
 Mont Holly—two of them being married
 and one having a family of children,
 j These persons were seduced from their
 homes on Thursday last, on a pretended
 claim for taxes. On arriving at Mount
 Holly, in the evening, they were all
 j seized as fugitives, by a warrant, and
 taken before Judge Hayward. Some
 of their friends, hearing of it that night,
 assembled very early in the morning,
 and employed for them as counsel Mr.
 R. 1). Spencer, of Mount Holly, who
 went before the said judge, and deman
 ded a trial by jury, under a recent law
 by the state of New Jersey; which was
 granted, and the hearing postponed un
 til yesterday morning, when Messrs.
 Stratton and Moftit, of Mount Holly ap
 peared as counsel for the claimants,
 and Mr. Spencer, assisted by Mr. Paul
 Brown of Philadelphia, for the defend
 ants. At the onset of the case, Mr.
 Stratum attempted to prevent the exer
 cise of peremptory challenge of three
 jurors, which however was overruled by
 the Court. Upon the jurors being call
 ed by Mr. Charles Collins, sheriff of
 Burlington County, it was found that
 he had returned twelve men, and no
 more; consequently, upon the defend
 ants’ counsel challenging three jurors,
 the panel was exhausted.
 The claimant produced several wit
 nesses from Maryland, who testified that
 they had known these alleged fugitives
 for several years, and believed that they
 had formerly belonged to Mr. John
 Roth, Sen., who as stated by one wit
 ness, died insolvent, and that they now
 1 considered them the property of the
 i claimant, because they bH seen them
 living with him. One witness testified
 that he was the administrator of Johp
 Roth, Jun., the present claimant, by
 orphan’s court.
 Upon these grounds the counsel for
 plaintiff rested their case.
 Mr. Spencer then commenced his
 i speech for the defendants, in which !he
 most energetically appealed to the jiiry.
 as citizens of New Jersey, to stand/ by
 their own State laws, made for the Me
 j fence of human liberty. He then stated
 that the plaintiffs had not made out fheii
 case according to the requirements of
 the laws of New Jersey, for the follow
 ing reasons:
 Ist. Been use they had not produced
 properly authenticated documentary ev
 i idence that Maryland was a slave state.
 2d Because they had uot satisfacto
 rily proved the title of the present claim
 ant to these three persons either by, bill
 l or otherwise, and that either of these
 points being unsustained, must pi We
 fatal to their cause. He proceeded! by
 showing that under these views of 'the
 case, the jury must pause, before ye
 turning into hopeless bondage three je
 spcctabje inhabitants of this district!
 This speech was most ably delivered,
 and had a thrilling effect upon the laifge
 audience there assembled,
 Mr. David Paul Brown then followic-d
 upon the same side, in a most emphatic
 manner, showing the great important
 ance ol the present decision, on accoi nt
 of this being the first occurrence of f le
 kind in this or any country. He th n
 went into the legal merits of the caJe,
 which he handled in a masterly maja
 ner, and fully sustaining the views pre
 sented by his colleague, and urging the
 importance to the jury of keeping the
 claimants strictly to the laws, and n *&gt;t
 to infringe in the least upon the rights
 of these unfortunate persons, who sto« d
 charged with no crime, save that of
 color.
 This most powerful appeal was listen
 ed to with the greatest attention, and
 appeared to produce great effect upon
 the court and jury, as well as all pres
 ent.
 Mr. Stratton then followed for the
 j claimants, in which he acquitted himsc If
 with ability, but did not attempt to a j
 j *wer the objections on the other side.
 .Yamcr of the Jury. —Charles Strattejn,
 Benjamin Wilkins, Wm. C. Shinn, John
 Fairholm, Phinehas Kirkbright, Samuel
 Reed, James A. Powell, John C. Mill
 vine, V\ m. Pugh, T. Collins, Joseph
 W. Cole, name of the other not taken
 down.
 The jury returned in about twenty
 minutes, with a verdict in favor of the
 plaintiffs; and aa the officers were about
 removing the prisoners, one of theirnum
 ber made some resistance or an effort to
 escape, when he was seized,and the court
 was immediately cleared of colored per
 sons, who retired without the least dis
 position being manifested by them to
 make a riot. Yet notwithstanding this,
 the sheriff drew his pistols, and threat
 ened to shoot the citizens if they attemp
 ted to interfere. The slave-dealers and
 their allies also flourished pistols and
 dirks, and some with oaths threatened
 to shoot the first nigger they could
 find.
 Ropes were called for, and the nris
 soners lied very securely. One of them
 was treated in a very barbarous man
 ner, and the voices of s "timber of re
 spectable inhabitants were raised, to
 beg «i them to drsi*t from such cruelty.
 While they were still lying upoa the
 w ith their hands pinioned behind
 them, and only a frw of the citizen*. in
 addition to the slaveholders and their
 allies around them, »e military of the
 town who it m eins had been called oul.
 ms«b- their appearance.
 They «rrr ‘h n conducted to the pn
 by a r hlarv "rt.am' the people
 quietly |»crwrd Wa utelcrafaud that
 •urtnf lh« night military froroßtMintrd
 tht *Uv fkohk m secure In thmii the
safe custody of their human prop-*
 erty.” j
 Thert was no reasonable pretext for
 this disgraceful proceeding of calling out
 the military. During the whole of the
 trial, although there was a large num
 ber of colored people present, they be
 haved with the utmost propriety; they
 were respectable in appearance, and
 made not the least demonstration of at
 tempt at riot or rescue.
 It is but proper to say that manv of
 the respectable people of Mount llolly
 expressed themselves as deeply outra
 ged by this transaction, and pronounce
 übon it the strongest censure.
‘Flowers. —How the universal heart
 otl man blesses flowers! They are
 wreathed round the cradle, the marriage
 altar, and the tomb. The Perisan in
 thenar east, delights in their perfume,
 an&lt;^writes his love in nosegays; while
 the Indian child of the far west clasps
 his tyands with glee, as he gathers the
 abuiidant blossoms the illuminated
 scripture of the prairies. The Cupid
 of th&lt;\ ancient Hindoos tipped his arrow s
 with flowers, and orange buds are the
 b rid all crown with us, a nation of yes
 terday*, Flowers garlanded the Grecian
 altar, and they hang in votive wreaths
 before \he Christian shrine.
 All tfy'sc are appropriate uses. Flow
 ers sh *i|ld deck the brow of the youth
 ful bride, for they are in themseives a
 lovely type of marriage. They should
 twine remind the t mb, for their perpetu-t
 ally rencV'd beauty is a symbol of the
 resurrection. They should festoon the
 altar, foritheir fragrance and their beau
 ty ascend in perpetual worship before
 the Most Lydia M. Child.
 The Etfctor of the Chicago Democrat
 the following good advice.
 It is truly )nul(uin in jtarvo.
 “YY ivgs love your husbands and!
 make them take a paper
MARRIED.
At Pittsford, 14th November, by Rev. M. Fergu
 son, Horace T. Hlteldou to Mm Laura A. Vosburgh.
 gggg —!iiy
 THE ROCHESTER
 ANTI-SLAVERY FAIR.
 'CHE Anti-Slavery women of Western New York,
 X purpose holding n Fair in tlie city of Rochester,
 on tlic 17th anti 18th of Uecemlier next, to aid the
 great work of emancipation. The active friends of
 the cause are few; we tlierefnre appeal to ail who
 feel for suffering Immunity, and self-preservation
 from the encroachments of tlie slave power, to co
 operate with us in t!ie undertaking. We ask aid of
 ail those motliers, wl*t&gt; can f-cl for the mothers of our
 own land that are daily aiui hourly experiencing tl’
 torture of having their children torn from tl«; sight
 of tlieir ryes, and tlw embrace of their love, by the
 (Unhallowed grasp, of Slavery; and we solicit all who
 I feel that the relation of husband and wife, parent and
 1 chill, brother and sister, friend ami neighbour, are
 desirable, to aid us in our elWts to give to tlie three
 millions whose tics are thus torn and severed, all the
 blessings that we crave for ourselves.
 To forward this object, we intend offering to the
 public such articles as are Irotli useful and ornamental,
 the proceeds of which shall be expended in sustain
 ing lecturers and circulating publications to awaken
 anti inform the public, respecting this system of un
 paralleled wickedness, and if possible to inspire it
 with true love of freedom. Donations of every
 description and variety, of small as well ns large
 value, will Ik* thankfully received. Liberal hearts
 and willing hands will devise many wavs to subserve
 the cause. e ca. nestly solicit mer
 chants, and farmers, to lay something ii|&gt;oii this table
 of humanity. Supplies of eggs, butter, cheese,
 cream, turkeys, lianis, dried beef, pickles, and fruit,
 of every description, will be acceptable offerings for
 the refreshment table. We invite and strongly Imp**
 that the ladies of our neighlsiuring towns, w ill unite
 tlicir efforts in furnishing tables, and take charge of
 them with us at flat Fair.
 The Annual Meeting of the Society will lie lield
 immediately after the Fair, which will greatly add
 to the interest of tlie occasion.
 Sarah 1). Fish,' Mary H. Hallow ell,
 Ithoda I)e tlarmo, Mary Baldwin,
 Mary B. Fish, Catherine Cl. Braithwait,
 Mary Ann McClintock, Sarah E. Thayer,
 Abigail Bush, Lcmira M. Kcdzic,
 Sarah L. Hallowed, Amv Post,
 Charlotte Wilber, Susan R. Doty,
 Phebe Hatha way, Catharine Steldiins,
 Margaret Clark, Phebe Tredwell,
 Margaret Larson, Elvira Mulsh,
 Mrs. Platt, Sarah Jacobs,
 Sarah A. l’ui tis.
 POST AND ILLIS, Dealers in Diugs, Medi-'
 cities, Clicmimls, l)ye Stuffs, Paints, Varnish,!
 Oils, Class ware, Brushes, IVifumeiv,
 Stock, French and (lennuii Chemicufs, Artists’
 Colors, Bruslics ami Canvass, Etlicriul Oil, Gold’
 Leaf and Foil, &amp;e. &amp;o.
 Bei.te Agents for Wist of the celebrate I Family
 and valuable Patent Medicines, arid receiving the
 same directly from the Manufaeturers or their Aleuts,
 they are enabled to simply all orders at wliolesule
 ami retail, on tlie most luvornbl* terms.
 Hoimecpathic Books, Medicines, and Family
 Cases, with full directions. Only agents lor West
 ern New York.
 Also, Slier wood’s Vibratory Magnetic Machines,
 with directions.
 Phosgene Gas; also Etlierial Oil and I-amps, for
 burning tlie same. Those who would consult eco
 nomy and convenience are invited to examine tliese
 Lamps. The attention ol Country Merchants, Phy
 sicians, families, and otliers, wishing goods in the
 abovelinc, is requested at the APOTHECARIES’
 MALL, 4, Exchange Street.
 UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 T H? *^'}l cr ibers are manufacturing tills invaluable
 A Cooking Store, designed for Coal or Wood,
 warranted to excel any other stove ever invented, i
 ami constructed strict hr upon philosophical principle*.
 Die Oven heated by hot air, (the only hot air oVe„
 ever patented,) and warranted to bake as well as
 any biitkoteu. for sale only by the undersigned,
 wholesale and retail, 34, Exchange Street.
 11. 151SII CO.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FOURTEENTH
 NATIONAL ANTI-SL AVERV BAZA Alt,
 To be held in Beaton during Christmas and \eu&gt;
 Year’s Week, 1847-0.
 THE uniler-iifoed, the Committee of the Four
 teeiith National Anti-Slamy liazaar, appeal to
 aii tliat is good and true in this nation for w bich they
 labor, to aid their undertaking.
 Our object is the abolition of slavery, through the
 renovation of public ofanion; ami we a'vk iw-tp of all
 who feel compassion for a suffering people, or tlu
 instinct of neb-preservation in view of the ancvoaeh
 orenU of tynumy and the dangers of sin; or tire
 divine and awful sense of justice, moving them t o
 tgibokl the right; or the high sense of honor and re
 hgMMM obligation, iuif«lJin" them to choose their
 sit in this life w ;tb the slave*, and not w ith thr;ir
 npprtssor* nr shame henenth the scorn of Christen
 doui, juntlj due to a nation of slaveholders; ordis
 srust at tin- discrepancy bet wet;] American principle
 ami American practice; nr for keep.,,-
 pure, the sources of public moeai*; t* desire u&gt; L\
 oArep 111 tiie national conscience the foumiaUoiai id
 future reiteration*.
 Alt« a dei-p and careful examination of wsys nisi
 jaiHiiii for the jsa&gt; table abolition of slavery, it lia*
 Isren I&lt;aih! liopetrs*, exn pi through the commit &lt;4
 thi Wttjtw.tjr if the wa«de people. Tbie obtained,
 dm- Wort. i« |unr: Cr a f* r *t»* an a
 v A "'-i T y. ia ihs •sure off means ami
 the fe.i e&lt; urnsv is tint ex prod it ate, kith* ferlml
 US, therefore, to trsAmt into lis- pal lisao a m Uiiin
 o hctiM", In uhich the purp* w-s of an oiw .4 th.
 varus* |H&gt;(itsrnl ami UwoU cal prrsm. ws writ
 *ul seneJ at die expense id the cause i i Fit*iioui,
 while all other* art aiieuaied f .,.n it j tW same’
 f«r&lt; (untio.i. Wla-u the p— 1 -nan ipr lioo ispur.
 uhrrh ever* one «*c»la t» *.A*—" How lb) ou uam
 bs eaps-w! the wsn. which you re. puce mg feu, i„
 usss is. It dul Is -pi sn wiadfe i n
 oureetl) is auaheno^, udorwuMg ami UrtWm m li»
 pddw uuml hit. pnnmil, f 4,
 11 «4 my ,4 tin
 uraauisatsms, to WsSoU tile om .4
 VI r ***‘-r"* u a i...
 agM*u
 SSSS f= S= t
 t?
•wch an ekvatmiy of national ehnraeter as shall brand
 it— rUtHRj
 Thin money %ifl« in short, I* inrrn neither m
 compensation, colon nation, nor politiral nurtixan
 ship; ahile a fW-*iglil«J eenaomy will »l«) forbid
 it* win? wrd in tk nfntly hwrnJnrt, though lem
 effectual channel of B vigilance ewmMWee. It M ill
 he spent in wupagandtsm; h*r strike openly,
 boldly i strongly, and n-rr**fuJh/ too, a* onr f urteert
 vniri of labor jirove, the nw&lt; of liw- system w«
 'mean t&lt;» afwhidi.
 Finally, we appeal to.our friend* and countrymen
 to tAc part in tin* boh cause, t&lt;* frail and *uff* r _
 in* anal abnct-liwed fellow-er.mtmre*. Il shall
 strengthen them ib wraknew. f« mhut in affliction,
 ami steel again*! cabin it). It shall from
 the nin of living on the sale of the offer***, awl
 the ignominy of thing in the silent «t wrong.
 It »h»B sreurr tlmr children from -«jca an mhertUuce
 of grief ami shame, a* thr rrrnrmlranee that their
 parent* were drawn by disgraceful sympathy info tire
 rank* of tire ewbrerr, when thr moral little was
 h Hatht oat iu the l■ nilrtl State* fcr ihr freedom of
 the race. It# consolations are pr&lt;-port innate to it*
 renunciations; am) in it* prouccntion, a* in the great
 cause of CWistMunty, of which it* principles form a
 fundamental port, we are aide In assure such tin
 brarr it, that no man shall low friends, ««f boose*. nr
 land*, (Jr it* sake, lari he shall receive an hundred
 fold «*f m4iler recomperalw in tlii* world. ami a arose
 of kfiirituul tile brside*. to which the indiftererit fri
 volities of a srllish existence sink into insignificance.
 By the united effort* of all who .tight to eo-nprram
 oa "thi* occasion, H is proposed to place TL.N
 TIHX'SAND HOLLARS at tlw ultimate dispi sal
 of the American Anti*? l Livery Society.
 MARIA WESTON CHAPMAN,
 ANN T. GREENE PHILLIPS,
 HELEN E. GARRISON,
 MARI MAY.
 ELIZA I.EE POLLEN,
 HENRIETTA BAKGERT,
 SARAII SHAW HI'SSEI.L,
 SARAH BLAKE SiIAW,
 MARY GRAY CHAPMAN,
 LOITSA LORING,
 CATHERINE SARGENT,
 CAROLINE W ES PON,
 HANNAH TCFTS,
 MARY YOCNG,
 ELIZA K. MERIA.M,
 MARY WILLEY,
 CAROLINE F. WILLIAMS,
 SI'S AN C. CAIIOT.
 ANNE WARREN WESTON,
 EVELINA S. A. SMITH,
 ABBY SOI THWK K,
 MARIA LOWELL.
 SARAH 11. SOL Til WICK,
 FRANCES MARY ROBBINS.
 ANN R. BRAMHALL,
 LYDIA PARKER.
 HARRIET T. WHITE,
 HARRIET IL HALL,
 ABBY FRANCIS,
 HARRIET M. JACKSON,
 ANNA R. PIHLBRICK.
C LARKSO N,
 LONDON EDITION—WITH INIRTRAIT.
 A FEW copies of CLARKSON S lIIS lORY
 OF THE ABOLITION OF THE SLAVE
 TRADE, with prefatory remarks on tlic Milwr4|ueiit
 alsdition of Slavery; a lieautiful London edition,
 with a tine Portrait of the Author, done on steel, —a
 bonk winch coni,l not lie imported for W-s» than three
 dollars, can be had at 21, Comhill, if applied for
 immediately’,at the vervlow prirc of Os k Doi t, tit,
 cash. Also, ECLOGILM ON CLARKSON,!*
 AI.rxA.tDER Prvxnkll, at the reduced price ol
 twelve and a half cent*.
ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Law, Hiuxer’s Building, State Street.
TOSF.PH 11. TI’RI'IN would invite the attention
 ♦J of his friends and the public to his DAGI’EK
 RLW GALLERY’, iY‘. 138, Honour Stmt, where
 lie pledge.- himself to execute Miniature* with a life
 like finish, and on as moderate terms a* any other*
 in the profession.
MACON B. ALLEN, Attorney and Counsellor at
 at Law, Massachusetts Block.
BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 OAM CEL WILSON, It, Brattle Street, having
 j O made recent additions to hi* stock, is prepared to
 furnish BOA S’ CLOTHING, of ns material
 and (it, and at as clieap prices, as can L* obtained »n
 die city-
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND*
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 36, I ion Struit, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keep* constantly on hand a
 great vai iety of New and Second Hand t I..dung.
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, \V. I. good*,
 Watches, B»*)t* and Shot*. See., exchanged for new
 clothing, f ash advanced on ail kinds of guods,
 from one to one hundred dollais.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 and Perfumery Emporium, ill, BLuk»k&gt;ne-st.
NEH YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, M.We* Broad
 way.
T JINNINGS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, North
 A Broadway.
P Mil.ll' A. WIIITK, Druggist, comer of Frank
 fort and Hold Street.
 'II7ILI.IAM S. I’OWELL, Sailor’s Home, CL
 V Cherry Sueet.
 TIT ILL lAM lIVH, Hair Dressing nvi [lathing
 V Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New York.
 NORTHAMPTON WATfcK CORK.
 IMIE undersigned, gratefully a| preriatiot' tm. rrcalit
 generous!) awarded by a discerning public to his
 were** a* a Hydropathic Practitioner, wi.alal rr»-
 pcetfuHv inform the friends of Hydropathy, that ki*
 establishment is pleasantly situated n»-.»r ikusonv tile,
 on the west hank of tlie Licking Water, or Mill
 River, about two and a half miles from the ccntr©
 of the t’ *n. It is thirty-six by seventy first three
 stories high, w ith a piut/.u on tire south *hie. Tiler©
 are separate parlors, bulbing anrl dressing rooms, for
 ladies and gentlemen. Thcte are also twenty lodging
 rooms, each of which is well ventilated and con
 veniently furnislicd lor lire accommodation of two
 lierecos. Among the variety of baths in llie esta
 blishment are, the plunge, douclie, drencher, and
 spray baths. The ladies’ plunge is six by ten Irrt,
 three nod a half ileep; tlie gentlemen’*, eight by
 twelve, tliree ami a half deep. There are also two
 cold dotM'bcs, one of which is situated a mile, and the
 other hail a mile from the establishment. The fi&gt;rmer
 has a full of twentv-two feet, the latter eighteen.
 The seeuery in tins vicinity is picturesque and
 romantic. Tliere are a variety of pleasant walls
 passing near and to spring? of pure water. Thr
 walks are sutheiendy retired to allow water-cure
 P®tients to appe-.ar ai they shuulal, plainly dressei).
 enjoying tlieir rambles, without being ex pored u*
 pubh- ease or observation. Store da.lv expel iem e,
 lor tlie last three years, lias strengthened his opinion.
 u “t die comlition of the skin clearly iwliraUs tlie
 character of many diseases, and tlie aklityor inmlddt,
 of an invalid to bear tlie water treatment in its
 various tonus; also the neons ivy of applying the
 dry woollen blanket, or the wet sheet, to protonic
 evaporation or a sweat, when either mav he neces
 sary ami from results which liave attended hi* appti
 jutmn of the treatment, be hesitates not to sny. that
 tlie eietirw symptom of die skin indicates ntalUy or
 pneer, and that an invalid, dbr.se skin is M altendrxfc
 with this symptom, cannot be safely or successfully
 treated with water. Among the complaint* which
 are here successfully treated, are pulimmary affection
 Itrer complaints, jaundice, acute or chronic mffam
 mation ol uw howels, pies, m-iieral a|*-
 bibty, nervous and spinal aflixtem*, intmmatory
 !f efcrowc rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica, kune
 Itmbs, paralysis, fi*ver«, salt rheum, scrofulous and
 erysipelas I minors.
 All patients who visit this establishment for a
 rows© of treatment, .houial furnish themselves with
 throe r.unfiirtuhhs, tliree woollen blanket*, one linen
 ami three eotluo sheets, two pillow case*, six rash
 towel*, some well worn linen, to cut fi&lt;r fomentations,
 an oM rl&gt;«ik or mantle, and a syringe.*
 Tcrun. liar treatment and board are $i 31) pe r
 w« k, for those who ureapy n«m oa the thud ft-a
 m the hrst awl scrotal ftx*s, &lt;N&gt; per week.
 pyJm- weeJviy; wiu*mg «*tra. A who
 fom ehosne or urrossity, um**.. an- m sis*
 th. I Ihmr. w H pmy w-k m, H*
 V f ,V l*» Ins-.um
 sm. are in. lea tab u need ext,a aMaatnm ami i
 a their rum., (eareprffsr msathsug purm.se*.&gt; wiN
 ZZT ,mM W
 d. irnuijk
 Xrntkumf+m, Amt. I*MT.
 tr *l. dr swan «f List xsawwrd is
 asm *4 sssea taswaa.g its
 4 th ss'i a use in tie if pwitnwiw
 4 *rn Turoitiki Mil fVlatft}a
 J -rtnmmrmi asss hr shlatssrd *t au
 U’Mllt* H UMI, Ikakr Ml FwahamaMr
 Sssi Is li. *m. Its fess. Mtsswt. Hew
 |t»*4
 M |t I l osUsntl) am IwMSal 11 .d us»&lt;
 sw.«. SS.I w.M srM ahe«p **h *.»i .stewSWm
 ■-k I Ihws I* a* has awl
"
