"POETRY.
THE MIGHT OF RIGHT.
 Fmw, or drramt it—no, *ura» not a dream—
 There warpontr on the Mile nf npptMiij*»-l a«
 laiqntty ran flown oar etmoo like a atraam—
 Religion *w Mrifi.and iojnetiee waa hw;
 For belt lul rmtlii«l with the great owo of earth
 The many to rnwh, an I I wept at tie
 When tli a voice whwfwtdr" Geaaa
 Boon !ntth
 The peo|'ltf ab ill enoe.tn the Mi;’a of thoir Right."
 Twm a uil suxl antaH voire at (rit that I heard.
 Bat I nt lcr an ilrxijf'Tt and leakier it gre*S
 Till prince* an-1 prit eu l*era ne pal at it« word,
 Rot t'tia waa tlr* maliaoa on t’lem it ihraw:
 Wh *u if.*! woold ilertroj Itc infatuate* firat.
 Awl tl»c etip of y w m idaea* ia filled to ita height,
 The fettrm yoo forged now like green withe* are
 lmr»t;
 See the pe iplc are op in the Might of their Right.
 \on have ruleJ with a rod,anJ with acorpi ma cku
 tieed,
 /Ta l I lughe I at tlie ruins ami tnrtarra yon wrought;
 Rem miltiiKt n an 1 p'titiona de^iaed.
 And the «oottt of y-nir pmer yon iej»eh.l a* nought.
 With t!ie hyjiocrk rlook y/a have covered jour
 pri&lt;le r
 And taught fiir redigiwt cont-mti &gt;n ami apite—
 ft.l I, your i lol; hut t!w*e yon iutemied to guide,
 At la.t have avverted the Might of their RigltU”
 I I mked again, and behol I, wliat a rliangn!
 The doom of the date and ll»e tyrant wan waled;
 Each man waa a freeman, ami thought it wi atrange
 Tout Uk many to the few so long about] have
 kneeled.
 The thron—where the throne war—on jurtiee war
 Inti'!;
 Religion wan rohed in a gvnrnt of light;
 AnJ thia war tlie about thru in triumph war raired
 IVe have won—we .ire free, hy tlie Might of our
 Right
 An l over the length and t!i« breadth"&lt;if ll»e land,
 Were knoivL* !g an I liberty, p!e tty and peace,
 liidieiirtg tin i. hlesaing* w it!i lil&gt;cml lian-l,
 idiiidiag iguoranee, a'avcry, a-iJ famine to erase.
 And wealth was no lonjer of free loi:i tire test;
 Nor waa there a law Heaven’s bounty to blight;
 Tiiere were r.il'T and ruled, Ixit tin; ruler conferaeii
 The people supreme in the Might of their Right.
 A SI3TE.T.S LOVE.
 Th-r- is a clear and precious fem,
 Not liriiliant like the star of day,
 Vet clustered in that diadem
 Which owns not Time’s relentless sway;
 Its radiance spai klcs from alxavc—
 Its eartltly name—a sister’s Lvc.
 Though orient pearls, by friendship strung,
 Around thy brow are jK ii icat
 And tlio.igh by love’s own finger hung,
 One diamond shines res) lendent;
 Yet which lha; potent spell ran prove,
 That test which tries a sister’s love!
 r.i &lt;*«t was that spot w hidi owned its power,
 That consecrated spot, where He,
 Whom tile angelic host admire,
 Indulged in sweet society,
 And made the stroke of doath remove,
 To sanctify a sister’s love.
 Hiil on your heart this jewel rare,
 Oil ye to whom this prize is given!
 Nor let rude hands your treasure tear,
 Hut hold it as the gift of Heaven;
 Till death its shining worth improve,
 And angels crown a sister’s love!

 RE FO AM SONG.
 BY HARRIET MARTIN EAT!.
 Now’s the day, and now’s tlie hour! j I
 Freedom is our nation’s dower,
 Put we forth a nation's power,
 Struggling to be free!
 Raise your front the foe to daunt!
 Hide m m ire tl»e snare, the taunt! j
 Real to higliest heaven tlie Hiant—
 Law and i.ilierty!’*
 Gather like the muttering storm!
 Wake \otir thunders for reform!
 B \r not, like the trodden worm,
 Scorn and mockery
 Waking from their guilty trance,
 Shrink the flies, as storms advance,
 Scathed beneath a nation’s glance—
 Where’s their braveryd
 W aves on n-avrs coin|x&gt;se the main,
 M lunlams rise by grain ou grain;
 Men an empire niigiit sustain,]
 Knit iii unity.
 Who shall check the ocean tided
 Wla» o'erthrow the mountain’s prided
 Who a nation’s strength deride,
 Spurning Slavery d
 Hearts in mutual faith secure,
 Hands from sjsiil and treachery pure,
 Tongues that meaner oaths abjure—
 These shall make us free!
 Ben.] the knee and liarc tlio brow!
 Go-!, our gui le, will hear us now*
 Real to highest heaven the vow—
 Law and Liberty!”
 From the Gen of the Prairie.
 THE STABS.
 Ye Stars which are the poetry of heaven.’’-By kox.i
 Shins on, shine on, ye emblems bright
 Of all that’s glorious ami fair,
 All that shoull give the spirit might,
 Nobly the ills of life to Lear;
 For brightest scenes of heaven and earth,
 To her from this receive their wu:&lt;i&gt;!
 Shin- on, shine on, and while high Heaven
 Deigns revelation's h dy Ixiun,
 hile by its light a glimpse is given
 Of merry's ever-flow ing stream,
 Ye will into the spirit dart, though distant,
 Ray* to melt the heart.
 Ye«, ye will lie as smiles of love,
 Amidst mortality's deep gloom,
 A hope eternal fixed alwve
 Tiie chilling shadows of tlie tomb.
 As virtues tltroned midst sorrow’s night,
 -Virayc.l ia heaven’s celestial light.
 A'» a..,'ls Ixckoniog from afar,
 Our sji.il* to their f.d home;
 A« hands &lt;*el. -ti-il, that unbar
 Light’s treasm e-housc, and o’er the gloom
 Frailer some gcins of bistre rare,
 To invite tin; it -art die whole to share.
 JanuaiA llth, 1-S4B. Lena.
 i ro.ii tin- Ihitil.iiiil TraAwtipt.
 SECRET WORTH.
 There an- sweet dowers hid in tlie tangled wild,
 TJiat ii I i not iueeuse up,
 As the light win 1 plays w-tll each uiussv veii
 That com Teals earii silvery cip;
 Hut alien ih- wind'w ith d«g»er power
 domes floating through tlie air,
 £:irring each vine a id leaf, wc fiu I,
 An iucei.se-uii.M] is there.
 T!n*rr is music ’itmdi the Jett li-’n strings,
 Hut its -s .s ali in vain,
 Wink- the mi tain of silence within it* fails
 Eosltrou-Is ils j- yota dixiu;
 Rut slant!.l some lutnd a'l gently wake
 The chords from their quirt *kx*p,
 FJwth to tht brccie ’tw ill quickly scud
 A thrilling tone *n-d deep.
 There arc p mt of wealth iu each hamble lieart.
 Though hid Is-neath tlx* dut
 Ai d dimness of the world’s ruLI a-lfiihnm,
 b »F. flag where wr f.mdly trust;
 But the rays from Kio.lir ss’ xua
 Fa *.ce its depth witii tlieir holy power,
 And a flood of light shall refi et each gh-ain,
 Am! glow Uighur each pasting is.ur.
SELECTIONS.
From the Liberty Bel.
 CHARITY BUWFRV.
 *T L. M. CHILD.
 Tlie followiiig itory w%s told me by
 an colored woman in New Yotk.
 I *ha!l endeavor lo relate it precisely in
 her own word*, ao oft repeated that they
 j ar tolerably well impressed on my
 memory. Some confusion of names,
 dates, and incidents, I may very natu
 rally make. I profess only to give “the
 pith and marrow” of Charity’s story,
 deprived of the highly dramatic e£Teet
 it received from her sw» lling emo
 tions, earnest looks aud changing
 tones.
 “1 am about si\	y-five years old. 1
 was horn on an estate called Pembroke,
 i about 3 miles from Edeuton,North Car
 olina. My master was very kind to his
 slaves. If an overseer whipped thrm,
 ,he turned him away. He used to whip
 them himself, sometimes with hickory
 switches as large as my little finger.—
 My mother suckled all his children.
 She was reckoned a very good servant,
 i and our mistress made it a point to give
 one of my mother’s children of
 hers. I fell to the lot of Elizabeth, her
 second daughter. It was my business
 jto wait upon her. Oh, my old mistress
 was a kind woman. She was allthe same
 as a mother to poor Charity. If Char
 ity wanted to learn to spin, she let her
 learn; if Charity wanted to learn to
 knit, she let her learn; if Charity
 wanted to learn to weave, she let her
 learn. I had a wedding when I was
 married; for mistress didn’t like to have
 her people take up with one another,
 without any minister to inarry them.—
 I When my dear good mistress died, she
 charged her children never to separate
 ine and my husband; For,’ said she,
 ‘if ever there was a match made in
 heaven, it was Chanty and her hus
 band.’ My husband was a nice good
 man; and mistress knew wc set stores by
 j one another. Her children promised
 her they never would separate me from
 my husband and children. Indeed,
 i they used to tell me they would never
 I sell me at all; and I am sure they
 meant what they said. But my young
 master got into trouble. He used to
 j come home and sit leaning his head on
 j his hand by the hour together, without
 speaking to anybody. I see something
 was the matter; and I begged of him
 to tell me what made him look so wor
 ried. He told me he owed seventeen
 I hundred dollars that he could not pay;
 and he was afraid he w ould have to go
 to prison. I begged him to sell me
 and my children rather than go to jail.
 I sec the tears come to his eyes. I
 don’t know, Charity,’ said he; I’ll see
 what can be done. One tiling you may
 feel easy about; I will never separate
 you from your husband and children, let
 what will come.’
 “Tw o or three days after, he corueto
 me, and says he, Charity, how should
 you like ,to be sold to Mr. McKinley?’
 I told him I would rather be sold to
 hi in than to anybody else, because my
 husband be longed to him. My husband
 was a nice good man, and we set stores
 by one another. Mi*. McKinley agreed
 to buy us; and so 1 and my children
 went there to live. He was a kind
 master; but as for mistress McKinley—
 she was a divil! Mr. McKinley died a!
 few years after he bought us; and in;
 his will he give me and my husband I
 free; but I never knowed
 about it for years afterward. I don’t
 know how they managed it. My poor
 husband died, and never knowed that
 he was free. But it’s all the same now.
 He’s among the ransomed. He used:
 to say, ‘Thank God, it’s only a little,
 way home; 1 shall soon be with Jesus.*!
 Oh-, he had a fine old Christian heart.”
 Here the old woman sighed deeply, 1
 and remained silent for a moment,while'
 her right hand slowly rose and fell upon!
 her lap, as if her thoughts were mourn
 fully busy. At last she resumed:
 Sixteen children I’ve had, first and
 last; and twelve I’ve nursed for my
 mistress. From the time my first baby
 was born, I always set my heart upon 1
 buying freedom for some of my chil
 dren. I thought it was of more con
 sequence to them than to me; for I was
 old and used to being a slave. But
 mistress McKinley wouldn’t let me j
 have my children. One after another—
 one after another—she sold ’em aw*av
 from me. Oh, how ninny times that 1
 woman broke my heart!”
 Here her voice choked, and tlie tears
 began to flow. She wiped them quickly
 w itii the corner of her apron, and con
 tinued: “I tried every way I could to
 lay up a copper, to buy inv chil
 dren; but I found it pretty hard;
 for mistress kept me at work all
 tlie time. It was Charity! Charity!
 i Charity!’ from morning till night.—
 ‘Charity do this,’and ‘Charity do that.’
 I used to do the washings of the
 family; and large washings they were.
 The public road run right by my little
 hut, and I thought to myself, while I
 stood there at the wash-tub, I might
 ;just as well as not be earning some
 thing to buy my children. So I set up
 a little oyster-boat d; and w hen anvbody
 cainc along that wanted a few* oysters
 aud a cracker, I left my wash-tub and
 waited upon him. When I got a little
 money laid up, I went to my mistress
 and tried to buy one of iny children.—
 She knew not how long my heart had
 been set upon it, and how haid I had
 j worked for it. Bat she wouldn’t let me
 i have one! So I went to work again;
 and l set up late o’ night, in hopes 1
 could earn enough to tempt her. When
 I had two hundred dollars, I went to
 j her again; but she thought she could
 j find a better market, and she wouldn’t
 let me have one. At last, what do you
 'think that woman did? She sold me
 i and live of my children to the specula
 tors! Oh, haw I did frcl when I
 heard inv children w as sold to the sncc
 ulators!”*
 After a short pause, her face again
 brightened up and her voice sud
 -1 denly changed to a gay and spriehtlv
 tone.
 “Surely, ma’am, thcr’s always some
 f ood comes of being kind to folks.
 Vhile I kept my oyster-board, there
 was a thin, pmkcd-looking man used to
 buy of me. Sometimes he would sav
 ‘Aunt Charity, (he always called me
 Jlunt Charity,) you must fix me up a
 Men wlw* owk- tra/ie &lt;4 l*tj ing up *f
 t4a«c» fiw *aJr, KfxxuUuiii In, ui. droves ut cattle
 fat the Bi jetton uimjket.
nice little mess, tor 1 feel poorly to-day
 I always made something good for him;
 and it he. didn't happen to bare am
 change, 1 always trusted him. Hi
 liked ray messes mighty well. Now,
 who do you think that should turn out
 to be, but the very speculator thal
 bought me! He come to me, and sayi
 he, 'Aunt Charity, (he always catted
 me •had Charity,) you’re been rery
 good to me, and fixed me up many
 nice little mess when I’re been poorly;
 and now you shell bare your freedom
 for it; and I’ll gire you your youngcsl
 child.”*
 That was rejy kind, said I
 but I wish he had giren you all ol
 them.**
 With a look of great simplicity, ami
 in tones of expostulating the alare
 inother replied, Oh, he couldn’t afford
 /fat, you know.”
 Well,” continued she, 44 after that,
 I concluded I’d come to the Free
 States. But mistress McKinley had
 one child of mine; a boy about twelve
 years old. I had always set ray heart
 upon buying Richard. He was the
 image of bis father; and my husband
 was a nice good man; and we set stores
 by one another. Besides, I was al
 ways uneasy in my mind about Richard.
 He was a spirify lad; I knew it
 was hard for him to be a slave. Many
 a time I have said to him, 1 Richard,
 let what will happen, never lift yout
 hand against your master.'
 “But I knew it would always be
 hard work for him to bring his mind to
 be a slave. I carried all my money to
 my mistress, and told her I had more
 due to me; and if all of it wasn’t
 enough to buy my poor boy, I’d work
 hard, and send her all my earnings, till
 she said I had paid enough. She knew she
 could trust me. She knew Charity al
 ways kept her word. Bat site was a
 hard-hearted woman. She wouldn’t
 let ine have my boy. With a heavy
 heart, I went to work to earn more, nt
 hopes I might one day be able to buy
 him. To be sure, I didn’t get much
 more time than I did when I was [a
 slave; for mistress was always calling
 upon me, and 1 didn’t like to disoblige
 her. I wanted to keep the right side oi
 her, in hopes she’d let me have my
 boy. One day she sent me of an er
 rand. 1 had to woit some time. When
 I come back, mistress was counting a
 heap of bills in her lap. She was a
 rich woman, —she rolled in gold. My
 little girl stood behind her chair; and
 as mistress counted the money,—ten
 dollars, —twenty dollars, —fifty dollars,
 —I sec that she kept crying. I thought
 may be mistress had struck her. But
 when I see the tears keep roiling down
 her cheeks all the time,* I went up to
 her, and whispered, 4 What’s the mat
 ter?’ She pointed to mistress’ lap, and
 said, 4 Broder’s money! Broder’s mo
 ney!’ Oh, then I understood it all! I
 said to mistress McKinley, 4 Hare you
 sold my boy?’ Without looking up
 from counting her money, she drawled
 &gt;ut, 4 Yes, Charity; and I got a great
 mce for him!’ [Here the colored
 voman imitated to perfection the lan
 guid, indolent tones common to South
 ern ladies.]
 44 Oh, my heart was too full! She
 lad sent me away on an errand, be
 cause she didn’t want to be troubled
 w ith our cries. I hadn’t any chance to
 see my poor boy. I shall never see
 him again in this world. My heart felt
 as if it was under a great load of lead.
 1 couldn’t speak a word to reproach
 her. I never reproached her from
 hat day to this. As I went out of the
 room, 1 lifted up iny bands, and all 1
 ;ould say was, ‘Mistress, how could you
 lo it?’
 Th£ poor creature’s voice had grown
 more and more tremulous, as she pro
 ceeded, and &gt;vas at length stifled w r ith
 so’bs.
 In a few moments, she resumed her
 story: 44 When my boy was gone, I
 thought I might sure enough as well go
 to the Free States. But mistress
 McKinley had a little grandchild of
 mine. His mother died when he was
 born. I thought it would be some com
 brt to me, if 1 could buy little orphan
 Sammy. So I carried all the money I
 lad to my mistress again, and asked her
 f she would let me buy my grandson.
 But she wouldn’t let me have him.—
 Fhen I had nothing more to wait for;
 so I come on to the Free States.—
 Here 1 have taken in washing, and my
 laughter is smart at her needle, and
 we get a very comfortable living.”
 Do you ever hear from any of your
 children?” said I.
 Yes, ma’am, I hear from one of
 them. Mistress McKinley sold one to
 a lady that comes to the North every
 summer; and she brings my daughter
 with her.”
 Don’t she know that it is a good
 chance to take her freedom, when she
 comes to the North?” said I.
 To be sure she knows that,'* re
 plied Charity,with significant emphasis.
 “But my daughter is pious. She’s
 member of a church. Her mistress
 knows she wouldn’t tell a lie for her
 right hand. She makes her promise on
 the Bible, that she won’t try to run
 away, and that she will go back to the
 South w ith her; and so, ma’am, for her
 houor and her Christianity’s sake, she
 goes back into slavery.”
 44 Is her mistress kind to her?”
 44 Yes, ma’am; but then everybody
 likes to be free. Her mistress is r try
 kind. She says I may buy her for four
 hundred dollars; and that’s a low price
 for her two hundred paid down, and
 the rest as we can earn it. Kitty and
 1 are trying to lay up enough to buv
 her.”
 44 What has become of vour mistress
 McKinley? Do you ever hear from
 her?”
 Yes, ma'am, I often hear from
 her; aud summer before last, as I was
 walking up Broadway, with a basket of
 clean clothes, who should I meet but
 my old mistress McKinley! She gave
 a sort of a start, and said in her drawl
 ing way, 4 0, Charity, is it yaw?' Her
 voice sounded deep and hollow, as if it
 conic from under the ground; for she
 was far gone in a consumption. If 1
 wasn't mistaken, there was a little
 something about here (laying her hand
 on her heart) that made her feel
 strangely when she met poor Charity.
 Says I, 4 Howr do you do, mistress
 McKinley? How does little Sammy
 io?’ ("That was my little grandson,
 y ou know, that she wouldn't let me
 buy.)
M I*m poorly, Charity,* says she
 very poorly. Sammy *s a smart boy
 He’s grown. tall, and tank tabh
 nicely. Every night 1 teach him hi)
 prayer*.
 I The indignant grandmdther dravriec
 t out the last word in m tone, whid
 t Garrick himself could not hare ear
 h passed. Then suddenly changing boti
 voice and manner, she added, in tonei
 i of earnest dignity, “Oeh! 1 could n'l
 stand tkzil Good morning, ma’am!*
 i said I.
 I 1 smiled, as I inquired whether she
 had beard from Mrs. McKinley since.
 Yes, ma’am. The lady that bring*
 r my daughter to the North every sum
 mer, told me last Fall she didn’t thinii
 I she could lire long. When she weni
 home, she asked me if I had any Dies*
 I sage to send to my old mistress McKin
 ley. 1 told her I hod a message tc
 send. Tell her, says 1, to prepare tc
 meet poor Charity at the judgmenl
 I seat.
 About a year aller this conversation,
 I again visited New York, and called
 to see Charity Bowery. I asked her il
 I she had heard any further tidings oi
 1 her scattered children. The tears came
 to her eyes. You know I told you,”
 j said she, that I found otit my poor
 Richard was sold to a Mr. Mitchell, ol
 i Alabama. A white gentleman, w ho
 j has been very kind to me, went to them
 parts lately, and brought me back news
 of Richard. His master ordered him
 to he flogged, and he would’nt come up
 i to be tied. If you don’t come up, you
 i black rascal, I’ll shoot you,* said his
 master. Shoot away,’ said Richard;
 j 1 won’t come to be flogged.’ His
 J master pointed a pistol at him—and, in
 jtwo hours my poor boy was dead!
 Richard was a spirity lad. I always
 J knew’ it was hard for him to be a slave.
 Well, he’s free now. God be praised,
 he’s free now; and I shall soon be with
 him.”
 In the course of my conversations
 with this interesting woman, she to!d
 me much about the patrols, who, armed
 with arbitrary power, and frequently
 intoxicated, break into the houses ol
 the colored people, antf subject them
 to all manner of outrages. But nothing
 seemed to have excited her imagina
 tion so much as the insurrection of Nat
 Turner. The panic that prevailed
 throughout the Slave States on that
 occasion of course reached her ear in
 repeated echoes, and the reasons are
 obvious why it should have awakened
 intense interest. It was in fact a sort
 of Hegira to her mind, from which she
 was prone to date all important events
 in the history of her limited world.
 “On Sundays,” said she, “I have
 I seen the negroes up in the Country go
 ing away under large oaks, and in
 secret places, sitting in the woods with
 j spelling-books. The brightest and best
 men were killed in Nat’s time. Such
 j one 3 are always suspected. All the
 colored folks were afraid to pray in the
 time of the old prophet Nat. There
 ’was no law about it; but the whites
 reported it round among themselves,
 that if a note w r as heard, w’e should
 j have some dreadful punishment; and
 j after that, the low whites would fall
 upon any slaves they heard praying or
 singing a hymn, and often killed them
 before their masters or mistresses could
 1 get to them.”
 I asked Charity to give me a speci
 men of their hymns. In a voice crack
 cd with age, but still retaining consi
 derable sweetness, she sang:
 A few more beatings of the wind and rain,
 Ere litc w inter wtU be over—
 Glory, Hallelujah!
 Some friends has g&lt;me lcforc me;
 I must try to go anti meet them—
 Glory, Hallelujah!
 A few more risings au.l settings of tlie sun,
 Ere tlic winter will be over—
 Glory, Hallelujah!
 T 1 lore’s a better day a-couiing—
 There’s a better da% a-omiing—
 Oh, Glory, Hallelujah!
 With a very arch expression, she
 j looked up, as she concluded, and said,
 j They wouldn’t let us sing that. They
 wouldn’t let us sing that. They thought
 we was going to rise, because we sung,
 better days are coming.'
 j It is now more than a year since poor
 i Charity went w here the w icked cease
 from troubling, and the weary are at
 jest.”
 ECCENTRICITIES OF MEN OF
 GENIUS.
 Many have exhibited foibles and
 vices in proportion to the magnitude of
 i the talents by which they were raised
 above other men, lest, perhaps, they
 might carry themselves too much above
 common humanity. Pope was an epi
 j cure, and would he in bed at Lord
 j Bolingbroke’s for days, unless he was
 told there were stewed lamyrfeys for
 i dinner, when he instantly rose and
 j came to the table. Even Sir Isaac
 ’Newton gave credit to the idle non
 sense of judicial astrology; he who
 first calculated the distances of the
 stars, and revealed the laws of motion
 by which the Supreme Being organ
 izes and keeps in their orbits unnum
 bered worlds; he who had revealed
 the mysteries of the stars themselves.
 1 Dryden, Sir Isaac Newton’s contem
 porary, believed in the same absurdity.
 The great Duke of Mariboiough, when
 visited by Prince Eugene, on ihe night
 before a battle, when no doubt the two
 generals w ere in consultation upon a
 measure that might decide the fate ol
 an empire, w as heard to call his serv
 aut to account for lighting up four
 candles in bis tent open the occasion;
 i and he was once actually seen on
 horseback darning his own gloves.
 Hobbes, who wrote the Leviathan,”
 a deist in creed, had a most extraor
 dinary belief in spirits and apparitions
 Locke, the philosopher—the matter-of
 fact Locke, who wrote, and in fact
 established the decision of things by
 the rule of right reason, laying down
 the rule itself—-lie delighted in romances
 and revelled in works of fiction. What
 was the great Lord Ventlam? Alas!
 too truly, “the wisest, grcatcst.meancgs
 of mankind.** As for Martin Luther,
 the fetbrmcr, he was so passionate and
 unchristian-like that he struck his
 j triends, Melancthon in particular, and
 perhaps would have burned him as
 readily as an inquisitor in those days
 would have burned a heretic, in the
 paroxysms of his rage. Cardinal
 Richelieu, the minister of a great em
 pire, believed in the calculation of
 nativities. Sir Thomas More burned
Ike heretic to whom in his writings be
 gave full liberty of conscience. Alex
 ander the Great was a drunkard, and
 •lew bis friends in his cops. Caesar
 sullied the glory of his talents by the
 desire of governing his country des
 potically, and died the victim of his
 ambition, though one of the wisest,
 most accomplished, and humane of con
 querors. But we are travelling far hack
 tor examples which should be taken
 from later times. Tasso believed in
 his good angel, and was often heard to
 converse with what he fancied was a
 spirit or demon, which be believed he
 saw. Raphael, the most gifted artist
 the world ever produced, died at the
 age of thirty-seven, his constitution
 weakened by irregular living. Dr.
 Samuel Johnson was notoriously super
 stitious. Sir Christopher Wren, who
 built St. Paflt’s Cathedral, was a be
 liever in dreams. He had a pleurisy
 once, being in Paris, and dreamed that
 lie was in a place where palm-trees
 grew, and that a woman in a romantic
 dress gave him some dates. The next
 day he sent for some dates, in the full
 belief of their revealed virtues, and
 they cured him. Dr. Halley had the
 same superstitious belief. Melancthon
 believed in dreams and aparitions, and
 used to say, that one came to him in
 his study, and told him to bid Guyneus
 his friend, to go away for some time,
 as the Inquisition sought his life. His
 friend went away in consequence, and
 thus, by accident, really saved his life.
 Addison was fond of the bottle, and is
 I said to have shortened his days bv it.
 I Burns, the poet, was a hard drinker,
 and there can be no doubt, wore out
 his constitution by his conviviality,
 i Goldsmith was a gambler, and the
 i victim of the fraudulent. Prior was
 dupe of a common woman, whom he
 believed to be an angel. Garrick was
 'as vain as any woman, and equally
 loved flattery. Kneller’s vanity was
 such, that nothing was too gross for
 him to swallow. Porson, the fijst ol
 Greek scholars, was a notorious tippler.
 We might multiply examples of this
 kind without end; but we need not
 have quoted so many to exhibit how
 wisely and well the balance is poised
 to keep human pride within due limits.
 FIFTEEN MINUTES TO-SPARE.
 In passing from one engagement to
 another, during the day, there are
 often small portions of time, for which
 many make no provision, and so lose
 them entirely. A good economist ol
 time, however, which is money, and to
 many their only capital, will always
 have something to fill up these spaces.
 Put together, they make days and
 months, and years, and are worth sav
 ing. Some persons are so constituted,
 that it is next to impossible for them tc
 be systematic, methodical, and steadily,
 and continuously diligent. They car
 work only by fits and starts, and the)
 u*ork best when the spirit moves them
 compensating, by the earnestness ant
 energy with which they labor, for th(
 seasons. during which they loaf oj
 lounge. Such gentlemen of genius are,
 however, rare; a good many lazy fel
 lows, who imagine themselves mem
 bers of this class, having in fact no
 right to be ranked with them, and de
 serving to be talked to—first for their
 idleness, and, secondly, for their im
 pudence, in trying to excuse their
 drone-like propensities, by pretending
 to be like the few eccentric great men
 who arc, in respect to the way in which
 they do things, a law unto themselves.
 Most people, to acc jinplish anything,
 need to be constantly industrious; and
 for them it is wiser never to have fif
 teen minutes to spare,” and always tc
 have some little matter to which they
 can turn their hand. A certain mathe
 matician, we forget who, is said tc
 have composed an elaborate work,
 when visiting with his wife, during the
 interval between the moment when she
 first started to take leave of theii
 friends, and the moment when she hat
 fairly finished her last words. Wt
 heard once of a young man, eager foi
 knowledge, w'he read the whole of the
 History of England, whilst waiting ai
 his boarding-house, for his meals to b&lt;
 served. No excuse for ignorance ii
 more common, than a want of time t(
 learn; and no excuse is more false. I
 is not always false. Uncontsciousl)
 one may get engrossed in business ant
 entangled with engagements, so tha
 he cannot well release himself ant
 escape. But it is bad to do this; ant
 against it one should be on his guard
 In many cases, however, such entirt
 occupation of time is not the facte it i:
 only imagined to be the fact. Every
 body, every day, wastes moments, i
 not hours, which might be devoted ti
 useful ends. Where there is a will
 there is always a way,” says the pro
 verb. A systematic arrangement o
 business, habits of rigid punctuality
 and a determination to gather up thi
 fragments, will enable a man to rnaki
 wonderful additions to his stock o
 knowledge. The small stones whicl
 fill up the crevices have almost a
 much to do w ith making the fair an&lt;
 firm wall, as the great rocks; so tb
 right and wise use of spare moment
 contributes not a little to the buildin;
 up in good proportions, and will
 strength, a man’s mind. Because w
 are merchants or mechanics, we nee&lt;
 not be ignorant of all that lies withou
 the boundaries of the counting-roon
 or the shop. Because the good wotnaj
 looketh well to her household, she nee&lt;
 not abstain entirely front looking int
 books. If to make money or get
 dinner, the mind must be entirely ne
 glee ted, it were better to l*e poor am
 starv e. But there is no such necessit
 as this, as any one may discover vvh
 will with justifiable avarice make goo
 use of every fifteen minutes he ha
 to spare.”
 Srs woj'.ial Fracas.— Yesterday morniof
 before the Lieut. Governor took bis seat a
 President of the Senate, two members of tiu
 indy, Mesare. Parkhamand Mama, bad som
 words with one another, fhnii which they g&lt;
 to blows. A great deal of confusion ensue
 among tfc? grave gentlemen assembled in tb
 Senate chamber, and no small difficulty ws
 overcome in keeping the combatants apar
 Some one called the Senate to order by pn
 poring Um. Walter Brash ear as Preside)
 pro tens. whereupon quiet was restored and tb
 Senate proceeded to transact more appropr
 ate business. It is supposed that the renconti
 grew not of the election of the U. 8. Senate
 the day before.— .V. O. Picayune, VUk.
THE ICimrttf A* A SPECIMEN
 OP LITCKATCIE.
 •T B. C, COGSWELL*
 Id simplicity and purity of rtyte, and
 in originality of sentiment, the Bible
 stand. unrivaled. Its purity and elo-
 Jueace are unsurpassed by any pro*
 actions ancient or modem. Its ma
 terial for the exercise of deep thought,
 for cultivating the taste, for invigorat
 ing the imagination, and for eliciting
 the best feelings of the soul, is rich and
 exhaustless. Its weighty doctrines,
 the hopes it enkindles, the fears it
 arrays, alike prove its divine original.
 No human composition is so exquisite
 ms a/eays to please. Its stores of wis
 dom are quickly exhausted; the eye
 aoon perceives the end of created per
 fection; but the beauties of the Bible
 are none the less lovely, though the
 charm ot novelty may have passed
 away.
 He who can read the inspired narra
 tion of Moses with diminished interest,
 can have no beauty in his own soul,
 j Cold must be that heart which does not
 kindle at his eloquence, and melt at his
 pathos.
 I Moses’s account of the Creation is
 I unique. It is abrupt, simple! sublime.
 The volume of destiny is suddenly
 j thrown open; time is proclaimed; cre
 ation arises; and a new race of intelli
 gences appear on the scene. The
 Almighty voice is addressed to Chaos.
 Confusion hears it, and wild uproar
 stands ruled.” The waters subside;
 the verdant landscape is seen; songs
 burst from every grove, and stars,
 l bright rolling, silent beaming, are
 hurled forth from the Aimighty's
 hand.
 j The story of Jacob’s darling boy,
 dressed out in his coat of many^colors,
 sold into Egypt by jealous brothers,
 rising to be second in power in that
 1 mighty nation, saving by his foresight
 I a famishing world, especially the chosen
 people of God, and dying the most
 beloved of princes, far surpasses the
 sublimcst conceptions of poets or nove
 lists.
 The styleofMoscs as a Historian, is
 the best model, both in the vigorous
 and the sublime, the pleasing and the
 tender. His history is clothed with
 the grace of eloquence, the charms of
 poetry, and the fascinations of
 fiction.
 Poetry is the breathing out of that
 principle which is deepest and sublimest
 in human nature; the expression of
 S that aspiration for something more powr
 j erful and more thrilling than ordinary
 life affords. The Bible is replete with
 poetry. The Hebrew poets rouse,
 warm, and transport the mind in
 strains the sweetest and boldest that
 bard ever sung; in numbers, the loftiest
 that imagination ever dictated. No
 poetry extant equals that which comes
 to us from the rapt patriarch of Idumea,
 and the inspired prophets of Salem:
 from the schools of Bethel and Jericho.
 The Bible is the prototype; the unri
 valed* model and inspirer of all that is
 elevated in poetry. It has been a
 fountain from which later poets have
 drawn their richest thoughts, their
 boldest figures their grandest imagery.
 The Psalms of David are an elegant
 specimen of poetic literature. The
 character of their diction and expression
 is vivid, the thoughts animated, passion
 ate. They communicate truths which
 philiosophy could never investigate, in
 a style which uninspired poetry can
 never equal. The Hebrew literature
 itself contains nothing more lovely.
 Among the prophetic writers, Isaiah
 stands unrivaled. His language pos
 sesses surprising beauties. His tri
 umphat song upon the fall of the Baby- 1
 lonish monarch is replete with imagery,
 diversified and sublime. The concep
 tion is bold, the characters are intro
 duced with wonderful art. Nothing is
 wanting to defend its claims to pcriect,
 beauty! In every excellence of com
 position, it is uncqualed by any spe
 cimen of Greek er Homan poetry.
 The strains of Ezekiel break forth
 like the gushing of a mighty fountain.
 He is deep, vehemernt, tragical. He
 rouses every energy of the soul; over
 whelms the mind by his bold figures,
 abrupt transition, fervid expressions, j
 But he who astonishes us by bis gra
 phic images, possesses, at the same
 time the loveliness ol the sweetest poet.
 For invigorating ‘the imagination, for
 giving energy of thought and boldness
 of the writings of Ezekiel
 are unequaled.
 The Bible has stood the test of ages.
 No closeness of inspection, keenness ot
 investigation, or strictures of criticism, j
 have been able to defeat its claims
 to the highest excellence of language.
 Here the man of taste may find every
 varity of material to discipline the mind,
 enrich the imagination, and polish the
 taste.
 Of the men that have shed a lustre
 over ages and nations, the purest and
 the noblest are tboes who have been
 most deeply imbued with the literaturu
 of the Bible. The divines of the seven
 teenth century, those gigantic pillars
 of English literature, have been cele
 brated for their love of the excellence
 of scripture composition. At this foun-j
 tain the most distinguished poets and
 orators have drank deepest. W hat but
 the literature of the Bible has rendered
 immortal the writings of Milton and
 Young, or those of Chatham and Burke,
 the models of modern eloquence What
 else has given interest and power to
 the writings of Jones, Butler, Hall and
 the admiration of every:
 scholar? It is the literature of the
 Bible which has sent out a redeeming
 influence through our whole literary
 system —an influence which pervades
 and strengthens the public mind.
 There is a spirit in the literature of
 the Bible, befotc which the lurid fires
 of impure passion, kindled at the
 shrine of heathen literature, go out.
 The whole atmosphere of the Bible is
 pure and salutary? its clime a region
 of strong thought: the place for gtan, j
 minds to thrive is. it is an exhaustless
 treasury of truths—
 “Tr«tk dst kn power to mat*
 Oar sot*y year* wrm arawnb m the Uia|
 Of Weml lilac*; iradm (ka take
 To parks arror.”
 Let the Bible be studied in its ori- 1
 ginal, as we study the Illiad of Homer,
 or the history of Liry, and giants hi 1
 intellect will fbe up, to surpass the
 loftiest geniuses of past ages. Let the
 student study the incomparable his
tories of Moses and Luke, tnd the
 sententious writings of Solomon—-me n
 of wonderful grasp of mind, of strong
 massive style, of deep reflection also
 the writings of Paul, another name for
 the perfection ofcondensed eloquence
 the nnriraled poetry of Lhmd, Isaiah,
 Ezekiel, Habakkuk; and he will find
 such a discipline adapted to indurate
 his mental constitution; to give it
 muscle and energy; to gird the intellect
 with power; and to aid him in con
 centrating its energies so as to bring
 vast regions at once to the mind: to
 comprehend almost the infinite in the
 finite, as the cope of heaven is imaged
 in the dew drop.”
 Such is the literature of the Scrips
 tures. Written by its numerous authors,
 during the space of fifteen hnndrcd
 years, in the sands of Arabia, in the
 deserts of Judea, in the rustic school*
 of the prophets, in the sumptuous
 palaces of Babylon, in the bosom of
 pantheism and its sad philosophy, the
 Bible comes to us the oldest offspring
 of sanctified intellect,, the highest effort
 of genius, the effusions of truth and
 nature, the overflowings of genuine
 feeling, the utterance of undisguised
 sentiments; it is essential truth—the
 thoughts of heaven. This volume was
 conceived in the councils of eternaf
 lt contains the wondrous story'
 of redeeming love. It blazes with fhw
 lustre of Jehovah’s glory. It is cal"
 1 ciliated to soften the heart; to sane."
 tify the affections; to elevate the souf,
 it is adapted to pour the balm of hea"
 veil into the wounded heart; to cheer
 the dying hour; to shed the light of
 j mortality upon the darkness of the tomb.
 The force of its truth compelled the
 gifted but infidel Byron to testity that
 “Within this awful volume lies
 The mystery of mysteries.
 O! happiest they of human rare,
 To whom our CJod ha* given grace
 To hear, to reail, to fear, to pray.
 To lift the latch, and force tiw* way;
 Hut U-ttcr had they ne’er been born,
 W bo read to lioubt or read to scorn.’*
 THE CITY OF MEXICO.
 This famous capital, now at the mercy of
 Gen. Scott, is thus described in Murry's Kn
 cyelopedia of Geography, pp. 323-1 The
 State of Mexico comprises the valley of
 Mexico, a fine and splendid region, varie
 gated by extensive lakes, and surrounded by
 some of the loftiest volcanic peaks of the new
 world. Its circumference is about 200 miles,
 and it forms the very centre of the great table
 land of Anahuac, elevated from 0000 to 8000
 feet above the level of the sea. In the centre
 of this valley stands the city of Mexico; the
 ancient Mexico, or Tenochtitian, having been
 buiit iu the middle of a lake, and connected
 with the continent by extensive causeways or
 dykes. The New Mexico is three nules
 troin the lake of Tezcueo, and nearly six
 from that of Chaleo yet Humboldt considers
 it certain, from the remains of the ancient
 I locality or temples, that it occupies the ulen-
 tical position of the former city, and that a
 greater part of the waters of the valley have
 boon dried up. Mexico was long considered
 as the largest city of America, but it is now
 surpassed by New York, perhaps even by
 lfio Janeiro. Some estimates have raised its
 population to 200.000; but it may, on good
 grounds, be fixed at from 120,000 to 110,000.
 U is beyond dispute the most splendid.
 Mexico is undoubtedly one of the finest
 cities built by Europeans in either hemi
 sphere. With the exception of St. Peters-
 I burgh, Berlin, and Philadelphia, and some
 quarters of Westminster, there does not exist
 a city of the same extent which ean be com
 pared to the capital of New Spain, for the
 uniform level of the gTound on which it
 stands, —for the regularity, and breadth of the
 streets, and the extent of the squares and
 public places. Ihe architecture is generally
 of a very pure style, and there arc even edi
 fices of a very beautiful structure.’ The
 palace of the late viceroys, the cathedral,
 built in what is termed the Gothic style’
 several of the convents, and some private
 palaces, reared upon plans furnished by the
 pupils of the academy of fine arts, arc of
 great extent and magnificeuce yet, upon the
 whole, it is rather the arrangement, regu
 larity, and general effect which render it so
 striking. Nothing, in particular, ran ho
 more enchanting than the view of the ciu
 and valley, lrom the surrounding heights.
 Ihe city appears as if washed by the waters
 o the lake of Tczcuco, which, surrounded
 by villages and hamlets, resembles the most
 beautiful of the Swiss lakes, and th« rich
 cultivation of the vicinity forms a striking
 contrast with the naked mountains. Among
 these rise the famous volcano Popocatatetl
 and the mountain of Ixtaceihuatl, of which
 the first, an enormous cone, bums occa
 sionally, throwing up smoko and ashes in
 the midst of eternal snows. The police of
 the city is excellent; most of the streets are
 handsomely paved, lighted, and cleansed
 Ihe annual consumption in Mexico has boen
 computed at 10,300 beeves; sheen
 o0,(,00 hogs; 1,000,000 fowls, including
 ducks and turkeys; 205,000 pigeons ami
 partridges. The markets arc well supplied
 with animal and vegetable productions
 brought by canoes along the Lake of Ghalco
 and the canal leading to it. These canoes
 are often guided by females, who at the time
 are weaving cotton in their simple nortablo
 looms, or plucking fowls, and throwing the
 leathers into the water. Most of foe flowers
 and roots have been rawed in chintmma*, or
 floating gardens, an invention peculiar to the
 newr world. They consist of rafts formed of
 reeds, roots, and bushes, and covered with
 black saline mould, which being irrigated by
 the water of the lake, becomes exceedingly
 fertile. It is a great disadvantage to Mexico,
 however, that it stands nearly on a level with
 foe surrounding lake; which in season of
 heavy ram, overwhelms it with destructive
 inundations. The construction of a drun’ue
 Vi*” 11 carT 3 the w aters of the lake
 a °d °f the principal river by
 which it is led, Iras, since 102 V, preventer)
 any very desolating. The desague, though
 not conducted with skill and judgment, cost
 $5,000,000, and is one of the rno*t stupendous*
 hydraulic works ever executed. Wers it
 filled with water, the largest vessels of war
 might pass by it through ihw range of moun
 tains which bound the plaiu of Mexico. Th*»
 alarms, however, have been frequent, and
 pjinot well cease while foe level of font Inks
 is twenty feet above the level of foe great
 square of Mexico.”
 Wheat is little known in Sweden.
 The consumption is said not to average
 annually more than two or three pounds
 per head, Ihruughout the kingdom.
 Kjx and out* are the staple brcadaii.tr,
 LI.EILITIM or THOSE »Ho take
 Periodical..—fhe law. declare thai
 any person to whom a periodical is
 sent, is responsible for payment, if he
 receives the paper, or inidkes use of if,
 even if he has never subscribed for it,
 r ft owrtd it to be stopped. His
 duty in such a case not to take the
 paper from the office or person with
 JTq 010 *J kft, but to notify the pub
 lisher that he doe. not wish for it.
 if paper, are sent to a post-office,
 *orc, or any other place of deposit,
 ®nd are not taken by the person to
 whom they are sent, the postmaster,
 store-keeper, Ac. are responsible for
 payment, until be returns tbe
 papers, or informs the publisher that
 tkoy are lying dead in the office.
"
