"FREDERICK DOCGLASS, f.d,to«
VOT, IT. NO. 48.
The NORTH ST\U i« p*ibH»Red every
 Friday, at So. ‘23, Ruflato Street,
 (Oypo* i Areoit.)
 Two do M *r* p«i 1 dvnyt m advene*. No
 Mbacnpiioo wtli be ievei''-*'l lor u. u•* teim than
 •ix mor.tlM.
 Aivernsetient* not ten tne*
 time* f&gt;r on? liollxr; eveiy iub***queiit
 tion, twenty *fiTe ct?n&lt;«.
Tne object of the North &gt;tar will be to attack
 SLAVERY in all ite forms and aepccta; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the etandtid
 J public morality, promote the moral and inteliec
 :ual of the Colon Il&gt; I‘tOPLt.; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Thru:
 MitLlos*of oor enslaved fallow Countrymen.
 PUBLISHER'S NOTICES.
 Ail Communications relating to the businut
 ,w.&gt;ra of the paper. names of Mibßciiber.*, remit
 tance*, &amp;c., should be addressed to John Dick,
 Publisher.
 Agents, and ah others sending names, are
 requested to lie accurate, met to give the Pott effect,
 the Ojunty, and the Stott. Eaca Subscriber is ua
 mediatelv credited fir tnonev received.
 G Any person nUi tg m payment for four *ub
 arnberi, to be f.invaideu to one adoiess, tn.iy
 have h tiftli copy for o e \ettr.
 K* Alt letiers an l communications must l« post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts—R. F. Wallcut,2l, Cornlnll,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Ide T.rd; Horatio
 V* Foster, Loweii; Janes N. BuiTutn, Lynn;
 Bou»be Spooner, Plymouth; David Ruggh s, North
 ampton.
 Connecticut.— Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 Nrw York.— Sydney IE G 142, NVr.to
 Street; James M’Cuiie Smith, 93, Broad
 way; Jt'Wph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Eii.is j&gt;o*y, Macedon; Mil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton C .uuty J. F Platt,
 Pe in Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; L. L Piatt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Amuruncy Paine.Piovidenoe.
 Pennsylvania. J. M. M'Kitn, 31. North
 Fifih Street, Philadelphia; G. \V Goines, 8, !x
 -change Place, Ditto; B. Huwn, Piuslutglt; Win.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.— J. J. Gaint-s, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson, Harveyaburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.— Robert Banks, Detroit.
0 elect torts,*
SLAVERY AS IT IS.
 We dnubt whether those of our fel
 low-citizens who were active in defeat-,
 ing the Emancipation party at the into:
 election, and who are doing all in their'
 power to perpetuate indefinitely the in
 stitution ol negro slavery, have ever
 devoted an hour’s serious attention In
 the consideration of‘'Slavery as it is.”
 even in the rniid form of its existence in 1
 Kentucky.
 There is, as appears to us, such a
 wide difference between freedom and
 slavery, that if the one is right, the
 other must be wrong; if the one is nec-j
 essary for the promotion of our spinfu-J
 al health and our temporal well-being, j
 the other must necessarily he produt-j
 live of deep ignorance, degradation and
 suffering.
 This proposition would seem to he so!
 plain as to render argument superflu
 ous; and yet Christian men, with the 1
 Bible in their hands, and words of pat
 riotism and piety on their lips, can
 openly defend human slavery, and treat
 those wild would remove it with ridicule j
 and abuse.
 As an illustration of one of the phases j
 tn which negro slavery presents itseli j
 to a professing Christian people, we
 would ask attention to a few statements;
 of facts, as taken from one of our daily
 papers.
 In the Louisville Democrat, of ’23th j
 December last, we find ir.is paragraph,'
 under the head of Police reports:
 “A negro was arraigned on thej
 charge of stealing clothes from the.
 store of B. B. Anderson Su Co.
 '‘The Judge asked where were the
 articles stolen t
 “The Marshal said the gentleman
 had retained them, and did not come
 into court to prosecute.
 “His Honor directed the Police offi
 cers to bring into court all articles found
 in the possession of thieves—as it was I
 the only means by which they could bej
 induced to come forward and prosecute.
 In the present case he ordered the ne
 gro to be discharged—remarking to the
 officers, that when they found a negro
 pilfering, to take him out, and give him
 just a$ many as he could t cell bear, and
 not bring him before the court.
 Now, if this direction of the Hon.j
 Judge to the Police officers of tins city,
 is the law of slavery, (and we have noj
 reason to believe H is not, wiutt seen-I
 rity lias the negro against unjust vio-;
 lence? The police officers are the uc-
 cusers, witnesses, judge and executionvj
 ers, with no limit to the punishment j
 they may see fit to inflict, except the
 capability oj the negro to bear it. Nav, j
 more: suppose the officer under the. in
 fluence of those passions to which wo j
 are all liable, should “give the negrol
 rather more than he could uell b ar
 and death should follow as the cou*e-j
 quence, by what law could you punish j
 the officer? The crime (if it he a emu
 under the instructions of the Hon Po-j
 lice Judge, j could only be denomina
 ted “a mistake as to the cap thd ty ofj
 the negro to bear a whipping.’
 Now, we do not say that this state oF
 things is unnecessary and wrong, »1
 slavery be right; for long-continued
 slavery may have made the negro so
 ignorant, degraded and brutish, as to
 render it necessary that he should be
 summarily punished m h &gt;ut a form o:
 trial The negro, we suppose, furnish
 es no exception to the &lt;*id adage, “treat
 a man like a dog and he will become a
 dig, hut we beg leave to suggest to*
 those of our fciiow-citizcns who regard
 these unfortunate creatures as endowed J
 with the feelings and failings of our
 common human.ty, whether it becomes
 us us an honorable, high-minded, .A.itL
 Christian people, to punish them for the
 b'gitimjte consequences of our own
 conduct. Surelv, it were the ai-lm
 policy to labor diligently and earnestly
 for the removal of an evil which cr ates
 1 necessity for such manifest injustice, i
THE NORTH STAR.
—As a further illustration of the na
 ture of slavery, as it must necessarily
 exist, if it exist at all, we give anothe
 statement of fact taken from one of ou
 daily papers. In the Courier, of Oct
 oth, we find this statement:
 “Negro Max Shot. A negro mat
 belonging to Howard Christy, Esq.
 was shot about 6 or 9 o’clock ou Wei
 nesday night, on Penrl street, nea
 Walnut, by Mr. Wm. Forwood. Mr
 Forwood saw the man steal a saddle
 from a horse opposite his house, and ot
 attempting to arrest him he resisted
 and while endeavoring to escape. Mr
 F. shot and wounded him. On th*
 matter being represented to Judge
 Jove*, of the Police Court, he refusec
 to lake cognizance of the case. We
 were told last night that the ball passec
 entirely through the body of the negre
 man, and that he was not expected tc
 live.”
 And on tiie succeeding day the fol
 lowing appears in the same paper:
 “The negro man who was shot by
 young Mr. Forwood, on Wednesday
 night last, died yesterday morning.”
 Mr. Forwood is well known asoneol
 our most respectable citizens, and is an
 active, and intelligent member of the
 Baptist church. We suppose he acted
 in this matter in conformity with what
 he considered to be his duty, ns he vol
 untarily came into court the next mor
 ning, and submitted himself to the ex
 amination of the lawful authorities.
 The Judge, it would seem, refused to
 take cognizance of the case, and here,
 so far as anything has been made pub
 lic, the matter is at an end.
 Now, we seriously submit the ques
 tion to those of our fellow-citizens w ho
 recognize the negro as a human being,
 subject to all the frailties and sins ol
 our common humanity; redeemed by
 the blood of a common Saviour, accoun
 table' to a common Father, and to be
 judged at the same solemn judgment
 seat, whether this state of things is right,
 and whether it is the proper vocation of
 Christian 'Ministers, to labor heart and
 hand for the perpetuation of a system
 that renders it necessary for negroes to
 be thus treated.
 Is there not something singularly ab
 surd in the species of Christianity which
 protesses to recognize the negro as a
 brother, and vet in many respects treats
 him like a horse or a dog? and can
 there possibly be sincerity in the pray
 er which is so often ode red by slavery
 defending Christians in the presence of
 whites and blacks, commencing with
 those words of touching simplicity and
 fearful sublimity, “OUR FATHER
 WHICH ART IN HEAVEN,” &amp;c.
 Wo might add much on this aspect
 of human slavery, as exhibited in the
 extracts here quoted, but we prefer to
 submit the facts t?&gt; the consideration of
 of all sensible men, just as they ore,
 being sensible that they plead more
 powerfully for the cause of an oppres
 sed and deeply wronged race of people,
 than any comments we can offer.—
 Louisville Examiner.
 From the New York Evening Post.
 NON-SLAVEHOLDERS IN SLAVE
 STATES.
 It has ever been the policy of slavery
 to deny education, social position, po
 litical rights, and even the means of
 living, to the poor white men, the non
 slaveholders in the South. The planter
 takes his northern newspaper or his
 southern magazine, but no cheap lite
 rature is provided for the families of the
 poorer non-slaveholders, who comprise
 three-fourths of the white population of
 the Slave States. On this point, Mr.
 Wise spoke for the planter, when he.
 said on the floor of Congress, “There
 is no newspaper published in my dis
 trict, and I hope there never will be.”
 The planter sends to the colleges of the
 North, or aids in building at the south
 expensive institutions, for the education
 of the sons of the wealthy; but the chil
 dren of the poor must grow up in all the
 ignorance and degradation of semi-bar
 bnrism. In their social condition* ‘poor
 white folks” are considered by the mas
 ter, and even by the slave, as one step
 lower down in the scale of social life
 than either. There is no escape for
 these, while they continue in a slave
 State. Their minds are in two height
 ened a state to learn any of the mechan
 iciarts, or avail themselves of any mod
 ern invention. To labor by the side of
 the slave when they may, and starve
 or steal when they must, is their only
 resource. For political rights, even the
 right of suffrage—the only one they
 nominally possess —is legislated away
 from tHern, for the system of voting viva
 voce prevents its being an expression
 of their own will. In Kentucky, at this
 moment, they are just being to discuss
 the propriety of introducing the ballot;
 and in the Palmetto State, they have
 now- n man in jail, and hope to accom
 plish his death, because he has dared
 to come between the w hite slaves of the
 south and their masters—his only crime
 be i fig the circulation of an address to
 poor white folks, showing them their
 rights, and how to get them
 Of the means of living allowed by the
 land and labor monopolists of the souih
 to those that have “waxen poor beside
 them,” we have hardly need to speak;
 the wretched remnant that do contrive
 to escape ucross the Onto, and that are
 i seen in one horse wagons ,D dog-carts,
 'in go-carts, and ou foot, making their
 wav to the interior, tell the std story
 not only of their own sufferings, but ol
 the greater number left behind to min
 ister to the wants of some whom even
 the very slaves make c»n iribution
 among themselves, and solicit charity
 front the planters.
 Although these things have been and
 are yet truo ot the poor whites in the
 south, there is still hope for them. A
 I little of th« light thrown out by the
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
printing press, has reached them. They,
 too, have beard the echo of the shout!
 sent up by .‘he millions of Europe ai
 they burst, although but for a moment,
 the chains they had for ages worn.—
 The imprisonment of Barrett is but one
 of a chain of events destined to wake
 the democracy of the slave States.—
 Read an article signed “Union,” re
 cently published in the Danville, Va.,
 Register, for the author of which the
 editor vouches is “Irom the pen of one
 of the first statesmen in the State.’'
 The intention of the article is to show
 that the objects of Mr. Calhouu and Mr.
 Garrison are one. I will transcribe for
 you a few extracts —first as to Mr. Cal
 houn and his schemes:
 “Extremes meet. The ultraist of
 South Carolina, and the ultraist of Mas
 sachusetts, are holding out their hand
 to each other. That the leaders o!
 South Carolina are ripe lor dangerous
 action, there is no doubt; and the only
 hope of escape, a faint one it i 9 true, is,
 that the people will repudiate their rash
 advisers. The State, weak as she is
 in numbers, in territory, and in wealth,
 is nevertheless potent for mischief.”
 On this point we think “Union” mista
 ken. Not even the politicians of South
 Carolina are so benighted as to hope to
 sustain, in this age of the world, a slave
 State as an independeut existence, with
 no resources of freedom on which to
 draw, as need be, for character, or
 men, or money. Some of these diffi
 culties arc referred to in the paper, but
 the portion of the address most worthy
 of special notice is that which records
 the present position and past efforts of
 the “poor folks” of the South to attain
 some of their rights.
 “It is asked why the free laborer at
 present is not voting against the slave
 holder? The answer is at hand—the
 free laborer is in a hopeless minority.
 Give to him a hope of success, and you
 will find him with the new allies which
 disunion will give to him. Did not a
 very faint hope of success in 1832 draw
 out an alarming abolition vote in Vir
 ginia? Did not the great slaveholding
 county of Albermarle sustain at the
 polls one of its Representatives who led
 the abolition movement? When asked
 how lie came to be returned, his char
 acteristic reply was, ‘I appealed to the
 poor folks.’ This appeal has always,
 been responded toby the poor folks,!
 and always will. Can any one point to
 u single individual in Virginia who has
 been weakened in popular favor by aid
 ing with abolition in 1832." Is not Mc-
 Dowell, who won his first and greatest
 laurels as an orator by an abolition
 speech, cherished by the democracy?
 Has Preston lost caste with the whigs?
 Or has the Richmond Enquirer had its
 subscription list curtailed by the lapse
 of
 The drift of the address is to show
 the monopolists of the south, who hold
 twelve hundred millions in human flesh,
 and nearly all the lands, that the whigs,
 the conservative party of the country,
 who go for things as they are, and not&lt;
 as they ought to be, can alone save
 them from yielding the government of
 the country to the masses, “each free
 laborer having the political power of the
 master of a hundred slaves.” It is
 quite as useful in showing the free de
 mocrocy of both north and south where
 in lies their strength, and who are the
 enemies of freedom. W. E. W.
 From tlie Liberty Almanac.
 WIIY DISCUSS THE SLAVE QUES
 TION
 Because it is a question of great im
 portance, and the”great diversity of sen
 timent respecting it, is evidence that it
 needs to be discussed.
 I am bound to examine and to under
 stand the subject of slavery, because I
 am a man, and whatever concerns the
 condition, the character, and the desti
 ny of human beings, concerns me.
 I am bonnd to know the fact in re
 lation to this subject, because they are
 within my reach. lam bound to know
 the principles upon which this question
 is to be settled, because God has re
 vealed them, and because they are the
 principles by which all my actions and
 aims are to be regulated.
 I am bound to apply correctly those
 principles to tiiose facts, and govern
 my actions accordingly: because I am
 bound to do this on all great moral ques-,
 tions and cannot otherwise discharge
 the duties growing out of the va
 ried relations in which the Providence
 of God has placed me.
 The question of slavery, as a moral 1
 question, involves the question of a
 pure or of a corrupted religion, and to
 be able to discriminate between reli-,
 gious truth and religious error, are rea- 1
 sons why I should understand, and
 therefore investigate, the subject of
 slavery.
 The question of emancipation or sla
 very, is the question of freedom or of
 chains to thousands of my countrymen.
 It involves, therefore, the question of
 free or despotic institutions, in my coun
 try for ages to come. Can I blink the
 I discussion of such a question?
 The question ofabohshing slavery is
 (the question of education and enlight
 *enment, of civilization and of human
 progress. On these vital subjects I
 cannot take an interest, or become in
 telligent, without earnestly and suc
 cess fully investigating the slave ques
 tion.
 The question of slavery and of its
 t abolition, is a question of political econ
 omy, involving one of the most impor
 j taut financial and commercial problems
 i ever propounded in any nation, and
 bearing directly and irresistably upon
 all the pecuniary interests of the coun
 try agricultural, mechanical, manu
 -Ifit u ring, mercantile and monetary.
 On these subjects, and in special rela
 tion to my ov* country, with which my
 i own personal interests are indissolubly
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1849.
connected, l must content myself to b&lt;
 profoundly ignorant, unless I make my
 self master of the slave question,'inclu
 ding a knowledge of the comjyarativi
 workings and effects of free and slav«
 labor, upon the productive industry o
 the country.
 Withiu llie last twenty or thirty yean
 the discussions of the ablest theolo
 gians, moral philosophers, politics
 economists, statesmen and philanthro
 pists in the civilized worid, the conse
 quent action of civil governments it
 both hemispheres, and especially the
 grand experiments and the practica
 workings and results of abolition in the
 different parts ol the globe, have uni
 tedly thrown a flood of new light on the
 whole subject; correctiug old mistakes,
 revising old theories, and comepllint;
 the most profound observers and expe
 rienced statesmen to confess their for
 mer mistakes. Not to avail myself ol
 these important advances in knowledge,
 by a careful study of these discussions
 and experiments, would be to fall dis
 gracefully, behind the times; to live in
 the darkness of past generations, rath
 er than in the light of the present; to
 linger on the confines of ancient bar
 barism, instead of tilling an appropri
 ate place in the existiug stage of hu
 man progress.
 The slave question not only ought to
 be, but has actually become, and must
 continue to be, (until it is settled.) one
 of the leading questions of the age, es
 pecially in this land of boasted Chris
 tianity and Freedom, where the exist
 ence of slavery creates an anomaly too
 glaring to be overlooked; and where
 the antagonistic influences of such dia
 metrically opposite elements cannot
 fail to secure an agitation that cannot
 possibly be quelled, but by the disap
 pearance of one or the other of the bel
 ligerent forces, leaving the other in
 possession of the field. The experi
 ment of combining two such elements
 in the same religion, and under the
 same government, has proved a mani
 fest failure, and the nostrums once em
 ployed to produce temporary quietness
 can no longer answer the ends of those
 who use them.
 Into every struggle the slave ques
 tion inevitably enters. Scarcely an im
 portant national question can be deba
 ted without introducing it. And the
 statesmen most intent on stifling the
 question of slavery, are nevertheless
 compelled to discuss it themselves, and
 to place themselves and the country in
 a position in which the discussion must
 inevitably he pushed forward. The ac
 tion of the federal government, in its
 foreign and domestic policy, cannot be
 understood by any person wiio does not
 understand the nature, the character,
 the tendencies, the affinities, and the
 influences of*slavery. From these con
 siderations it is evident that, by every
 intelligent American citizen, the slave
 question must, of necessity, be examin
 ed in all its diversified bearings. Notj
 to understand the subject of American
 slavery, is simply to be ignorant of the
 politics of my country. And to say
 that I will not diligently examine the
 subject, is to say that I will content my
 selfto remain a citizen of a republic,;
 t!ie politics of which I cannot or will not
 understand.
 The question of slavery or of its abo
 lition in America, is a question w hether
 the self-evident truths of our Declara
 tion of Independence, with the republi
 can institutions based on them, siiaii
 be retained and preserved, or whether
 they shall be undermined by the oppo
 site powers of despotism. Which
 would we do, if we could? And what
 can we do? These are the problems
 for solution. Do they not deserve our
 attention?
 Christianity enjoins the inquiry on
 this subject by commanding us to do s
 unto others as we would have others do I
 unto us; to “remember them that are
 in bonds as being bound with them;”
 declaring that “the righteous consider
 eth the cause of the poor, but the wick
 ed regardetli not to know it.” It ad
 mits of no excuse or apology on the
 ground of ignorance, when the means
 of necessary information is within our J
 reach. “If thou forbear to deliver
 them that are drawn unto death, and!
 those that are ready to be slain; if thou i
 sayest, Behold, we knew it not; doth
 not he that pondereth the heart consid
 er it, and he that keepeth thy soul,
 shall be not know it? And shall he not,
 render to every man according to his
 works?”
 WHIG STATE CONTENTION AND
 SLAVERY.
 The Whig State Convention recent
 ly assembled at Syracuse to nominate
 Slate officers, issued an address and
 I resolutions professing strong, decided
 ground against the extension of Sla
 j very So much, in the opinion of the
 “political profligates” who made up the
 I majority of that Convention, was nec
 essary to cover up thejr shameless
 ABANDONMENT OF FREE PRINCIFLES at
 the election, when they supported a
 Slaveholder for President, who was
 nominated by a Convention which dar
 ed not pass a single Resolution. Then,
 they might have secured the election of
 a President ami Congress true to free
 dom, but on the contrary, they allowed
 a declaration in favor of freedom to be
 toted down withort a word in its defence
 they claim to be the ardent and
 exclusive champions of freedom. Was
 ever hypocrisy more apparent? We
 copy from the Syracuse Reveille, a
 neutral paper, the following notice of
 the jmsiti.m of that party on the Slavery
 question:
 “Resolved, That recognizing the re
 striction of Slavery within its present
 limits, a* one of the cardioal principles
 of our political faith, we pledge our
 setvea to our fellow citizens end the
 country, to exercise to the utmost all
the power we may posses*, to preven
 the extension of Slavery over a singl&lt;
 foot of free soil.**
 This, says the writer, is the length
 and breadth of the Whig platform ol
 I this State on the subject of Slavery.
 Is this what the Whig party expect'
 ed? A distinct recognition of Slavery
 "within its present limits," is a clear
 sanction of its continuance in the District
 j of Columbia. It keeps up those accCß*
 sed Slave Pens under the eyes of the
 capitol, and recognizes the sending oti
 of SCARRED AND CHAINED DROVES Or
 SLAVES FROM THE MARKETS AND SHAM
 j BLES OF THE CAPITOL FOR THE RICE AND
 j SUGAR PLANTATIONS OF THE PrESI
 i dent, on the shores of the Mississippi
 i and the Rio Grande! Notone word
 is said in favor of the power and duty
 of Congress to abolish Slavery and the
 Slave Trade in the District; but on the
 contrary, the existence and CONTIX
 j UANCE of Slavery within its present
 tirniis is put forth a 9 a cardinal point
 of the Whig creed!
 The truth cannot be disguised, that
 the Whig party is ruled l&gt;y that class
 j of men who kicked the Wilmot
 Proviso oct of doors" at Philadel
 phia—whose professions are loud in fa
 vor of freedom, but who fail to exem
 plify their professions by their acts.
 That party is composed of men who dif
 fer, as the New York Courier and En
 t quirer says, about important principles,
 j yet can agree to act in harmony, to se
 cure valuable spoils.— Wayne Sentinel.
 TIIE SLAVE TRADE AT THE CAP
 ITOL. ITS SUPPORTERS RE
 WARDED.
 The following is an extract from a
 report in the Western Reverse Chron
 icle, of a speech recently delivered at
 Framington, Trumbull county, Ohio,
 by Hon. J. R. Giddings. Note the
 i facts which show how the Northern
 traitors to freedom are rewarded by the
 present Administration:
 "Slavery and the slave trade exist in
 the District of Columbia by a law pas
 sed by the Representatives of the whole
 people. It is a national law—it is the
 law of the people, and as such supports
 slavery there. The guilt of slavery
 and the slave trade is upon the entire
 people of this Union. It is for them to
 free themselves of the guilt. It is for
 you to tree yourselves of the guilt. He
 said if the audience could but have
 been at Washington on the 17th April,
 1848, and have seen a band of fifty
 three slaves march over Pennsylvania
 Avenue, in the Capitol of this nation,
 then they could appreciate the mon
 strosity of this guilt. That coffle was
 headed by Hope H. Slatter, the notori
 ous slave-dealer of the District, aided
 by a half dozen slave-drivers, with
 clubs and bowte-knives, who were ar
 ranged on each side of the procession.
 There were inon in that procession he
 knew. There were the Edmondsons,
 and who has not heard of them? There
 were two sisters of that fiflnily, as (air,
 as comely, and as accomplished as any
 of the ladies of Jefferson county. There
 was also a brother of the girls, who had
 been reared in refined society, and was
 a perfect gentleman. He was a man
 ofstrong mind and superior intelligence.
 In his intercourse with man he exhibited
 equal it not superior intelligence and
 refinement—more mind and genius
 than your President ofthe United States.
 And these persons so refined, so intelli
 gent and accomplished, were being
 marched in the Capitol of your nation
 for a Southern plantation, their soon to
 end their miserable existence under the
 lash of the merciless slave driver. In
 that procession there was agony and
 anguish unutterable, despair was de
 picted upon every countenance. In
 the procession was a wife torn from her
 home m the absence of her husband.—
 He followed up, and attempted to take
 a last farewell, and instantly the club
 of a driver felled him, quivering and ap
 parently lifeless, to the ground. Such
 are the occurrences at your Capitol,
 under the national flag. Last winter,
 Mr. Gott introduced his resolution to
 abolish this traffic. This was done
 without consultation. Parties had not
 time tadrill their members. Each man
 voted as he felt, and as hi 9 principles l
 dictated. The resolution passed by a
 large majority. Taylor was elected
 President. The party began to see
 where it would lead them; unless some
 thing was done. Northern men could
 not expect favor from the new Execu
 tive. A motion was made to reconsid
 er. Wentworth moved to lay this mo
 tion on the, table, which would have
 disposed of the motion to reconsider,
 and the resolution would have been in
 force. A vote was taken on the motion
 of Wentworth, and twenty-six Northern
 VVhigs and twenty-two Northern Dem
 ocrats voted against the motion. The
 motion was lost. The motion to recon
 sider was then postponed for two weeks,
 then debated, and finally went into the
 calendar, and was not heard of again
 during the session. The motion of
 Wentworth was dodged by several
 dough-fafHgs, among whom was Jacob
 Collamer of Vermont. It was known
 that he was a candidate for a Cabinet
 office. He was in bis seat and voted
 immediately preceding and subsequent
 to the vot i on Wentworth’s motion.
 General Taylor soon come to Wash
 ington. He gave Collamer the office
 of Post Master General at a salary of
 $6,000. He offered Truman Smith,
 who voted against Weotworth’s motion,
 the office of Secretary of the Home De
 partment. Owing to the position of
 parties at home, Truman’s friends ad
 vised him not to accept. Caleb B.
 Smith, Alexander Irvin, Jasper E. Bra
 dy, T. O. Edwards, and several othen
 from the North, who voted against
 Wentworth’s motion, and in favor ol
 the slave trade, have all received lucra
 live appointments from the President.
 What man that voted for Wentwortk'i
(motion has received au appointment.'
 Not one. General Taylor had not giv
 en a word or a smile to those who voted
 if on the other side; or, in other words,
 voted against slavery and the slave
 I trade.
 Mr. Glidings asserted that a more
 gross, palpable, and outrageous prosti
 tution of Executive patronage to sustain
 the slave trade'and slavery, never had
 been known or heard ot in thisnatiou.”
 AFFAIRS AT WASHINGTON.
 Washington, Oct. 30.
 It is believed that the new French
 Envoy will reach Washington,during
 the month of November, and that he
 will come with instructions to present
 j immediately for adjustment, the two
 I claims which lead to Poussin’s disaster.
 By this means the French Cabinet will
 recover from the appearance of conces
 sion, in the prompt appointment of M.
 Poussin’s successor. But Mr. Clayton
 is quite certain that this intercourse
 with M. Bois le Compte will be of the
 most friendly character, and that the
 matter in dispute will be disposed of
 very readily, and in a manner altogeth
 er satisfactory to all parties.
 There is no ground for the statement
 i that Mr. Rives, when in London, held,
 under instructions from this Govern
 ment, an interview with Lord Palmers
 ton, as to the Nicaragua metier. That
 affair is entirely in the hands of Mr.
 I Lawrence, so far as our diplomatic
 agency is concerned, and I have rea
 son to believe it will be speedily and
 i fairly adjusted.
 Speculations are rife at the Capitol
 j in reference to the Speakership of the
 next House. Mr. Holmes, of South
 Carolina, is now in Washington, and
 the tenor of his remarks on the subject,
 does not indicate that he and his assoei
 ciate “Taylor Democrat” from South
 Carolina, are for Mr. Winthrop. He
 is of the opinion that a va'y different or
 ganization will take place from what is
 generally predicted. But whatever
 course Mr. Holmes may pursue, it is
 very clear that no organization at all
 will be affected, until rfftera protracted
 wrangling. Messrs. Giddings and Root,
 of Ohio, and Allen of Massachusetts,
 are fully determined to make themselves
 conspicuous. They will vote steadily
 for some “man in the moon.”
 Secretary Meredith is at work night
 and day on his report; and it is said
 that it will be a voluminous document,
 and will exhibit some astonishing facts
 and figures connected with the past Fi
 nancial Policy of the Government.
 The first Report from the new De
 partment is looked for with much inter
 est. It will be a terse and business
 like document, presenting many strik
 ing facts concerning the vast and vari
 ous interests in charge of the able Sec
 retary.—Courier fy Enq.
 RUNNING AWAY FKO.K HAPPI
 NESS f
 Since our last we have chronicled the
 passage of sixteen slaves, who have
 made their escape through this city.—
 Eight of whom are from Kent county in
 our State, and eight from near the Head
 of Sassafras, Md., about 20 miles from
 Wilmington. Some of the slaves from
 Kent county applied to the steamboat at
 Short’s Landing, but were refused a
 passage, but afterwards made their es
 cape up the State by land, crossing the
 Wilmington Bridge under the very nose
 of the constables who were watching
 for them. They brought intelligence
 to the abolitionists here, that a few more
 were concealed some few miles from our
 city, but did not like to come m for fear
 of being caught. One of our most ac
 tive abolitionists sent a messenger in
 search of them, and after looking for
 them for a day without effect, at last
 found them being conducted into the
 city, by a man whom they had no sus
 picion of being an abolitionist. At the
 same time four more from near the
 Head of Sassafras, Md., also made their
 escape. A day or so after, a colored
 man attempted to get off his wife and
 family, who were slaves to Mr. George
 Davis, of the Head of Sassafras, Md.—
 The brother of his wife betrayed them,
 and when they got about eight miles-on
 the road, they were overtaken, and had
 to take to the bushes—the pursuers
 took after them—the man attempted to
 save one of his children, and ran with
 it on his back for some time, hut at last
 had to abandon it to make his own es
 cape. His wife and children were cap
 tured.
 The above mentioned case we are in
 formed, is one of peculiar hardship.—
 The colored man (who is free) has been
 working for several years with Mr. Da
 vis, his wages being kept to pay for the
 freedom of his wife and family. His
 wages, it is stated, amounted to ten'dol
 lars more than the price agreed to be
 paid for their freedom—but when he
 demanded it, Mr. Davis 'old him to
 •‘clear out,” and if “he come on the
 place again he would shoot him.”—
 j Whiie Mr. Davis was in chase of the
 above mentioned colored man’s family,
 four more valuable slaves belonging to
 him took that opportunity of running
 away. They reached this city, and
 i made good their escape to the North.
 If the statement of tne case of the
 colored man’s wife and children, men
 tioned above, is correct, it is one of pc
 i culiar hardship, and it would be wel
 I for the citizens of diary land to enquir«
 into the matter. Such instances serv&lt;
 to prejudice the mind of the people mor&lt;
 j forcibly against the slaveholder. If in
 correct, we shall cheerfully publish i
 refutation.
 We have reason to believe that tbs
 above are not all tha slaves who hsvi
 made their escape through our city re
 ceotly. The abolitionists are extreme
 ly active, and we have every reason u
 believe that the] underground railroac
JOHN HICK, Pt blums*.
WHOLE NO. 100.
j extends a considerable distance down
 the State, and that branches hare even
 entered Maryland. Slave property is
 very insecure both in Maryland and
 Delaware. If they run away in our
 i State, as they have done lately, we
 shall not have a slave worth keeping.
 The young and hearty who are able to
 1 work, run away, leaving behind the old
 j and children, too young to be of much
 service.”— Hllminsion Chicken.
 REV. CHARLES B. RAT
 The labors of Mr. Ray are confined
 almost exclusively to the colored popu
 i lation of the city of New York. By an
 understanding with the Executive Com
 mittee, he has been permitted to de
 vote the greater portion of his labors
 for the past year to the church which
 he had previously gathered. They
 have not been blessed with any special
 outpouring of the spirit of God, yet a
 good degree of prosperity, external and
 internal, has been granted to them.
 The number of permanent and regular
 members of the congregation has been
 increased. The church, at the date of
 Mr. Ray’s report, consisted of thirtr
 five members. During the Summer
 months the Sabbath School has con
 tained more than forty scholars; in the
 winter the number was less. General
 missionary labor in the street and from
 house to house, although receiving less
 attention than in former years, has not
 been entirely neglected, and the Col
 ored Home has been regularly visited
 as heretoiore. This year his duties
 will be more those of a missionary in
 general.
 In concluding his Report, Mr. Ray
 calls the attention of the Committee,
 and the patrons of the Society, to a
 prominent obstacle in the way of the
 progress of religion among the colored
 population of a large city. Excluded
 by a cruel prejudice from the edifices
 erected for religious worship by their
 white brethren, or driven into a dis
 graceful corner, they have been com
 pelled in self respect to seek places of
 worship, where, separated from the
 prejudices which have hitherto oppres
 sed them, and prevented the progress
 of the gospel, that they might worship
 God and cultivate their religious affec
 tions without opposition, and free from
 the contumelies under which they have
 suffered. In a few instances only have
 they been able to accomplish this.
 They cannot like their brethren among
 the whites, even when possessed of
 equal wealth, secure an eligible situa
 tion for their assembling together.
 The prejudice that meets them in what
 ought to be to them a sanctuary, fol
 lows them as they seek to purchase or
 to rent a place in which to worship God.
 In the church it manifests itself by shut
 ting them up in a corner; in the street
 by enhancing the price of property al
 ready almost beyond their reach, until
 they are entirely unable to procure it,
 or by raising objections to having loca
 tions they might select, occupied by
 colored congregations. It is respect
 fully submitted whether an impartial
 Christianity does not require that wo
 should do more for this proscribed
 class, and that all missionary bodies
 should so direct their labors, as to
 break down the prejudice which
 strengthens the bonds of the enslaved,
 and crushes the upward tendencies of
 the free.— Jimer. Missionary.
 lIOW TO GET Ot' f OF IT.
 Once on a time there was a gentle
 man who won an elephant in a raffle.
 It was a very fine elephant, and very
 cheap at the price the gentleman paid
 for his chance.
 But the gentleman had no place to
 put it in.
 Nobody would take it off his hands.
 He couldn’t afford to feed it.
 He was afraid of the law if he turn
 ed it loose into th© streets.
 He was too humane to let it starve.
 He was afraid to shoot it.
 In short, he was in a perplexity very
 natural to a gentleman with moderate
 means, a small house, common feelings
 of humanity, and—an elephant.
 France has won her elephant at
 Rome.
 She has brought back the Pope.
 She is at her wit’s end what to do
 with him.
 She cant’t abet the Pope and the
 Cardinals, because she interfered in
 the cause of liberty.
 She can’t abet the Republicans, be
 cause she interfered in the cause of the
 Pope and the Cardinals.
 She can’t act with Austria, because
 Austria is absolute.
 She can t act ugamst Austria, be
 cause France is conservative and peace
 ful.
 She can’t continue her army in
 Rome, because it is not treated with
 respect.
 She can’t withdraw her army from
 Rome, because that would be to siulti
 ty herself.
 She can’t go forward, because she
 insisted on ti:c Roman people going
 backward.
 She can’t go back, because the
 French people insist on her'going for
 ward
 Sh*» esn’t choose the wrong, because
 1 public opinion forces her to the right.
 She can’t choose the right, because
 her own dishonesty has forced her to
 the wrong.
 In one word, she ou the boras of
 a dilemma, and the more she twists
 the more sharply she feels the points
 on winch she is impaled, like a cock
 i c hafter in a cabinet, for tbt inspection
 |of the curious m the lighter and more
 whirligig species of political etymology.
 Poor France—will nobody take her
 precious bargain off her hands? Rome
 is her bottle imp. She bought il dear
 enough, but can’t get rid of it "At any
 •price.”—Punch,
"
