"notion, with the exertion of that part in I
 which he speak* of Napoleon, and of himself
 it the ejected of the lOtli ot December.*’ The
 sudden change i* the sole, topic of conversa
 uun in Pari*. The various political parties
 are much enraged. The Legitimists and
 Bv'urbonists abuse the President, awl the Red
 Republicans, because the latter indicate a film
 determination to resist all attempts to create
 anarchy. The general opinion is, that it will
 be favorably received in the provinces.
 The President's firmness in the crisis has
 pTcduced a great sensation It is now gener
 ally believed that the conductor the Ministers
 in shelving or officially throwing overboard
 the Present's letter has contributed princi
 pal to their downfall.
 The Debatt describes the affair as a coup de
 theatre. The Xational designate* the mes
 sage as the act of one who w ill be a despot on
 the morrow if he care. The Reforme isequal
 lv violent. The Constitutional and Ptem
 are silent; the latter, probably, from Guar
 din'* absence. The Legitimist journals,
 among other* the Gazette de France which
 warns the President of Charles the Tenth's
 fate, are all furious. The Steele alone is l
 friendly.
 It appears that the President is determined
 to hold aloof from the Red and moderate sec
 tions of the Republicans. I
 Roms. —The financial and commercial dif
 ficulties of Rome continue to increase. No
 constitutional maxims are allowed to prevail
 with the cardinal triumvirate, respecting the
 method of raising money or levying taxes.
 An extraordinary edict has been issued, tax
 ing the proprietors of lands and houses to the
 amount of one-sixth part of the annual prop
 erty tax contributed by that class of citizens.
 The preamble sets forth the penury of the gov-'
 ernment resources, the necessity oi procuring
 cash. &amp;c.; but as might have been predicated
 of a clerical government, never hints at the i
 immense resources at the disposal of the
 church.
 The time of the Pope's return ol course
 depends entirely upon the decision ol the
 French Cabinet; and that these are expected
 to be favorable, appears from the preparations
 going on for the reception of His Holiness.
 Austria and Hungary. lhe Russians;
 have now entirely left Hungary. The Coun
 cil of war at Presburg, on the i2oth ult. sen
 tenced eignt more persons u} chains and im
 prisonment lor having taken part in the insur
 rection
 There has been a special committee ap
 pointed for the purpose of securing the plun
 der of Count Louis Batthyany’s estate, which
 the milnaiy sentence confiscated.
 The Emperor is already beginning to vio
 late the solemn pledge he made to his sub
 jects not to re-establish the eensoiship.
 Strict orders have been issued to all lhe book-.
 sillers of retina not to publish any book,
 whatever without the permission of the police.
 Russia and Turkey.—'The Parisian jour
 nals publish the following telegraphic dispatch j
 from Gen. Lamouciere
 To the Minister of Foreign Affairs
 St. Petersburg, Oct. IS, 1819.
 Count Nesselrode notified yesterday to the i
 Ottoman Envoy that the Emperor, laktng in
 to consideration the letter ot lhe Sultan, con
 fined himself to a demand that the relugees'
 should be expelled from Turkey. Fuad Et
 fendr regards the attair as settled.
 The following letter has been addressed by-
 Gen. Bern to the Sultan
 ‘Sire;—l have always fought against the
 Emperor of Russia, your enemy and ours. 1
 latterly went to Hungary, sail impelled by
 the same feeling. Your Majesty is aware ol
 the obstacle* winch stopped the success ot our j
 arms. I now come to place my teeble means
 and lav nay devotedness at the service ol vour
 Majesty, to combat the common enemy, the,
 Emperor of Russia, and to offer you a guaran
 tee of my zeal, and my devotedness, 1 de
 clare my wish to embrace islamism.
 No less than 300 of the Hungarian refu
 gei* have become converts to Islamism.
 Sir Stratford Canning has sent passports to
 Gen. Guycn, the Irish officer; and the Brit
 ish subjects, who had been in the service ol
 Hungary. They were daily expected at Con
 •tantmople.
 The Emperor Nicholas has addressed a
 Jitter to the Sultan, informing him of the ter
 mination of the Hungarian war. In it he
 charges Prince Radzivil, who was to present
 the letter, to inform the Sultan of all the de
 tails of the late events in Hungary. He
 praises what he calls “the wise, fwm, and
 correct attitude of the delegates of the Sub
 lime Porte, at the time ot the aimed in
 vasion attempted by Bern in Moldavia, the ob
 ject of which was to ptovoke an insurrection.
 He then comes to the matter in hand
 “It will be the object of steps which 1
 charge my representative to lane with tie
 Sublime Porte relative to certain Polish relu
 gM», who alter havirg rendered themselves
 guilty of high treason toward my govern
 m.„i, tuve more recently taken c™“
 pan m the events which have desolated Hun
 g *Wrfh the sincere desire that no cloud may
 arise between our two empires, 1 attach a
 high price lo lhe satisfactory solution ot this
 affair.”
 Sfain.— ln lhe midst of frequent changes
 in almost every other a ale in Continental Eu
 rope, this country usually so disquieted and
 turbulent, has preserved a remarkable tran
 quillity, not even relieved by a change ol
 Ministry or a Cailist using. But on the lbtn
 nit the alrong rule of Nartack »a» anJJcnlv
 b.okn" upo". hi Um, Ury d S ,S
 Tb« n,s,ry VTIZ
 ...j with Gen. Clonard at tta Iread. l»n
 ihg new Ministry wa*
 dava later, however,
 j a Vtarvad reinstated. A teie
 dimussed, end Narvsez
 orauhtc diapatch lo Pam .Uarward. at,
 [,minced tlieeecoud disrmaaal cf
 the re-appointment ol Clonard. J
 teat news, however, gives yet another change
 -namely, that Narvaez has once more retur
 ned to power, and has taken ample vengeance
 oo all who were instrumental in tripping up
 his heel*.
 The new American Minister has forma y
 presented himself, and has disclaimed, in the
 name of the President, the doings of the par
 tv who proposed to seize upon Cuba.
 {Nwmo Citizenship- The Republican re
 commends that a colored man be elected to a
 seat m cbe Legislature, for the purpose of set
 fling the question, whether a coloied man can
 he cmxio or but. A colored man, if ou.
 memory be correct, was elected a member ol
 tut House of Representatives, tome years ag«J
 -noun® questioned his right u&gt; a seat, but he
 »ti persuaded to resigu before entering upon
 •hi discharge of hw duties a* a legiSiStor
 Muuon Pott.
The National Lengne— Objection*.
 Colombia, Nov. Uth, 1849.
 FaiKND Douglass The object of a "Ns-;
 tional League." or a union of the oppressed
 for the sake of freedom, “i* a subject of aocb
 magnitude" and importance, that those ta'ho
 may not regard it as being attainable under
 the present civil and religious organizations of
 this country, are inexcusable for remain,ng
 silent.
 You have well and truly said, "let no one
 hesitate to speak because he thinks he sees
 insurmountable difficulties in the way of the
 movement. We want discussion—we want
 action.”
 The expediency of ah organized union j
 among our people has long engaged my atten
 tion, and I do most freely confess that it ap- j
 pears to me to be a subject that is fraught w ith
 difficulties and dangers, as well as promises
 and blessings. 1 have neither the time nor
 the necessary qualifications to engage in pub
 lic discussion, and have been anxiously wait
 ing to aee some able polemic pen engaged in
 the fruitful theme. My present object in wri
 ting is to afford you an opportunity of more
 fully explaining the principles and measures
 necessary to its accomplishment.
 I believe that the motto, "Union of the op
 pressed for the sake of freedom," will be in
 terpreted by the pro-slavery press, to mean an
 union of the black against the while man, and
 the overthrow of Ameiican Institutions. For
 however strange and unnatural it may appear,
 it is nevertheless true, that the success of any
 movement among ourselves is more dependent
 on the praise of our enemies, than the labors
 of our friends. For of late our denunciations
 have been as unerringly directed agai .st ab
 olitionists as slaveholders. When you shall
 have launched the "League" in the pro-sla
 very current of this nation, you will be obli
 ged to answet the nautical questions, viz
 “From whence do you hail 7 What is your
 object 1 and to what port are you destined?"
 or receive a broadside.
 You well know that we have no security
 in the divine nature of our object, for that be- j
 ing interpreted in the popular tongue, means l
 “devil incarnate,” and vestal purity of mo
 tive —a rapacious desire to corrupt all that is
 "good and holy" in the affections of the mul
 litude. So deeply seated are the religious
 and political prejudices against which we have
 to contend, that virtue and vice change their
 character to suit the complexion of the actor.
 During the recent eventful-period of nations,
 the press has been teeming with the fate of
 "Leagues" for civil and religious reform, and
 the proclamation has gone forth that God is
 on the side of the strong.
 It will be useless to say that this is not a
 complexional question, for its success would
 depend on so stating it, —and the collision
 springing from its action against public senti
 ment, would be more likely to increase and
 concentrate existing prejudices, than scatter
 and disseminate them. It is, therefore, no
 less a dictate of interest than humanity, to
 avoid a “complexional issue."
 I therefoie assume, that while we have no
 national existence “as a people," w’e can have
 no national institutions; and if this position
 be true, the "League,” in a national point of
 view, falls to the ground. 2dly. That the
 history of nations shows that a distinct civil
 and religious code has been the only success
 ful rallying point calculated to unite any peo
 ple—and as the colored people of this county
 are for the most part disfranchised, and with
 out any distinct religious faith from that ot
 their oppressors, they are without the elemen
 tary principle calculated to cement them in
 the bonds of confederation. 3dly. We have
 the example of history that the religious in
 stitutions of both ancient and modern nations
 were made subservient to the civil power, and
 so regulated a 9 to.aid in securing and trans
 mitting temporal, as well as spiritual blessings
 among the people. Now, the colored people
 of this country are almost destitute of civil
 and political power, and are also without a
 distinctive religious faith calculated to promote
 their temporal interests, but have (what in
 my humble opinion is worse for them than no
 religion at all) copied and adopted the pro
 slaveiy tenets of American Protcetanism as
 they exist in the Methodist,Presbyterian, Epis
 copalian, and Baptist denominations, whose
 consolidated point of union is a belief in the
 existence of God, and the natural inferiority ol
 the colored people. Il cannot, therefore, be
 expected that people who have sincerely and
 honestly (though unfortunately.) adopted
 those creeds and theories which have (for a
 series of years) been enforced by interpola
 tions of scripture, hewn out by cunning and
 scientific theologians, for the purpose of per
 peluaiing the infernal dogma of our inferiori
 ty, can have a just respect for themselves, or
 feel within them those vivid pulsations, whose
 soul-inspiring throbs a:umate the bosom ol
 manhood. No, it cannot be—every iaw ol
 the human mind rejects such an affirmation.
 Man is naturally a religious being. His re
 ligious nature constitutes his highest element.
 If he stoops from his naturally erect position
 before lus God and his follow man, and copies
 the religious theory of his aggressor, he then
 feels religiously happy in whatever makes his
 oppressor happy. While the former thanks
 IIS God that he was born to rule, the latter
 thanks God that he was burn to serve.
 The religion of those Protestant sects is so
 antipodal to the freedom and prosperity of our
 people, that no w hite man can successfully
 advocate our equal claims to citizenship with
 out first losing caste in the church, and there
 repudiating lus religion altogether. In my
 i humble opinion, if our people ever become
 j united in the prosecution of objects for the
 promotion of their common welfare, it will be
 j w j,en they have erected ihe altar of a new re
 ligion over the grave of Sectarianism
 WM. WIiIPPER.
 j Collins Free] Produce Association- its
 odvantages, dec,
 i The people of Collins, are very much like
 the people elsewhere, being quite willing that
 a few of their number should do all the labor
 aud have all the honor of a work of reform
 i until H is nearly consummated, when they are
 equally willing W share in ihe triumph if any
 »lo lie gamed by Tim remark ~11
 apply politically although intended foi anoll.-
 er purpose.
 •j 1..1 aome year. *hc.e bate bee"
 vicinity i.o petaona »hd notcomeni ■lib
 ihe uaual done. of the Abolitions, “W*
 common acceptation of that leno. They have
 cl,oa.n to apply their labor, to direction
 calculated to cripple *ha eoergiea of ihe aU»o
power or hmen the overthrow of slavery.
 Accordingly they hate singly and alone ap
 plied the abstinence principle to the products
 of slave-labor. More recently finding some
 to sympathise with them and a consequent in
 crease in numbers, there has been an organ't
 nation formed bearing the name of the head
 ing of this article. The members of this oi-
 calculate beforehand about how
 much sheeting, sugar, calico, die., they will
 need respectively, and pay the estimated cost
 m advance, which is forwarded to New York
 or the American Free Produce Depot in Phil
 adelphia, accompanied with the account of the
 kinds and amount of goods wanted. They re
 gard slave products the price of blood and op
 pression. The advantages as already to tome
 extent witnessed are: Ist. A testimony against
 slavery that will ere lung be felt and appreci
 ated, and without which no Abolitionist can
 be consistent. 2nd. The removal of the sec
 tarian bigotry and prejudice previously
 exhibited. 3d. A discouragement of the fur
 ther multiplication of the Non-producers in
 the world. Aside from the subject of slavery
 then, there is this decided use it prevents
 mercantile monopoly and saves the profits on
 the goods for the use of the consumer. When
 this system is perfected, there must of course
 be mote producers and consequently less op
 pression.
 It is to be hoped that the contemplated Na-
 tional League ''ill incorporate the fiee prod
 uce principle into its constitution.
 I w ould ask, that the readers of the Noith
 Star would seriously consider whether they
 are not iosing much of the influence they pos
 sess by neglecting the scriptural injunction ot
 “touch not, taste not, handle not the unclean
 ihing,” the present use of which is rendering
 sucli aid to slaveho ders. L. M
 Collins Center, 11th mo. 1849.
 Proceedings,
 Of the fan Maryland State Contention of the Colored
 Protutmt Methodut churches held in Baltimore,
 Md. onjhe morning of Saturday Oct. 18tA 1849-
 Pursuant to public notice, a number ot
 clergy arid laity of the different colored Prot
 estant Methodist churches assembled at
 10 o'clock A. M. The Rev. Nathaniel Peck
 of Israel church called the convention to or
 der. Singing and prayer by the Rev. Adam
 S. Driver. Divine service being ended, on
 motion the Rev. Nathaniel Peck was called
 lo the chair, and the Rev. S. W. Chase was
 employed to act as Secretary.
 The following list of delegates entitled to
 seats was presented by the chairman and on
 being called was answered toby those present.
 Israel Protestant Methodist Chuich Baltimore.
 Rev. Nathaniel Peck, Rev. Adam S. Driver,
 13to. Wit:. Anderson, Bro. Henry Gross,
 l3ro. John D. Burgess, Bro. Anthony Wil
 iams, and Bio. Henry Martin. Providence
 Protestant Methodist church Elkton, Md
 Rev. John S. Scar and Bro. James Ross.
 Rear Hill church Md: Bro. Aquda Scott.
 3t. Thomas's Protestant Methodist chuich, i
 Slate of Delaware; Bro. Henry J. NV lUiiams.
 The following brethren of sister churches
 were mviied to sit as corresponding members
 ,f the convention: Presbyterian church Bal. j
 Rev. S. W. Chase. Zion Meibodist Episco
 &gt;al church Balt. Rev. John J. Moore. Col
 ,red religious society of Quaker Brothers,
 Via Bro. Washington Gray and Bro. Luke
 The Convention being duly organized, the
 Rev. A. S. Driver made a few laconic re
 marks in relation to the object of the conven-.
 lion. He stated, that the professed object of
 ihe convention is to excite and combine a plan
 more systematic and efficient than has hereto- j
 fore been accomplished in the colored Protes-,
 tant Methodist churches, and to unite in one
 inseperable interest all the colored Protestant
 Methodist churches in the United States, j
 And in order to accomplish this object, be
 advocated the propriety of calling a geneial
 convention of colored Protestant Methodists
 to meet at such time and place as this conven
 tion may deem proper to recommend.
 Immediately after the conclusion of the re
 marks of Bro. Driver, the following resolu
 tions weie passed unanimously:
 Resolved, that this conventionde em it expe
 dient to call a general convention of colored
 Protestant Methodists, to deliberate upon the
 must efficient plan to advance the general in
 terest ot the church and the kingdom of our
 blessed Loid.
 Resolved, That the said general conven
 tion bo held in the city of Philadelphia, on
 the morning of the first Monday of June, in
 the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun
 dred and fifty.
 Resolved, That we appoint a committee of
 five brethren to issue a call for the general
 convention, and to recommend to the colored
 Protestant Methodist churches located in the
 several states to call Stale conventions or con
 ventional meetings to appoiut delegates to
 represent n.em in the coming general con
 vention.
 Resolved, That the following brethren be
 the committee: Rev. Nathaniel Peck, Rev.
 A. S. Driver, Pev. John S. Scar, Bio. Hen
 ry J. Williamson and Bro. Henry Martin.
 Resolved that the committee be authorized
 to issue a thousand Ciiculars in letter form
 for the call of the convention, and that each
 church here represented pav an equal portion
 of the expenses.
 Resolved, That we adopt for oiagovern
 meet such portions of the di&amp;ciplu.e of the
 Protestant Methodist church as will suit the
 condition of out people until we can provide
 a discipline for the government of the color
 ed Protestant Methodist churches.
 Resolved, That the Rev. Nathaniel Peck,
 and A. S. Driver, be appointed missionaries
 to visit the different colored Prot* stanl Meth
 odist churches, or any others wishing to be
 come connected with the Protestant, until the
 sitting of the general conve^Jon.
 Resolved, That the proceedings of this con
 vention be published in the Baltimore Sun,
 Pennsylvania Freeman, Noith Star and Anu-
 Slavcty Standard.
 Resolved, That we adjourn lo meet on
 Monday morning at 10 o'clock in this church.
 The convention met acoording to adjourn
 ment on Monday 15th inst, and was opened
 by the chairman with singing and piayer.
 The proceedings of Saturday were read and
 approved of, and on motion it was Resolved,
 That the convention adjourn sine du.
 NATHANIEL PECK, Chairman.
 S. W. Chase, Secretary.
 The Electric Telegraph.— Forty col
 umn* of the October number of the Edinburgh
 Reimc [N. Y. editioa by L- Scott] are occu
 ,.,ed with an essay on the progress of the
 Electric Telegraph a special work on which
 &gt;a announced as being m preparation by
 Bit ish electrician. The
 work onelectiic telegraphing [Pans, 1849,]
 i, scaled to be the only systematic treatise on
 the subject yet before the public—well-order
 li. methodical and peispicuous—lively eo
 and instructive, and “peculiarly
 ,e V al hU*for Its ample diecuaaion of the rela
 2its*/***--
hare contributed to tbe perfection of the tele
 graph.
 He it a little herd, in tbe body of ha tree
 tbe, upon Profeieer Mw*e. whom be areesea
 of claiming too much adding, by way of?
 justification of the Profeoaor, and of ba oura
 judgment upon bun, that ‘Frere Jonathan eet
 tret exalte, de sa nature
 “Bv dissolving a few pieces of reeial, con
 nected with a long wire, we can develop in
 stantaneously, a thoutand miles off. a force
 which will apeak for us, write fur us, phot I
 for us, and so far as the conveyance of our
 thoughts is concerned, annihilates apace and
 time —Shaksperc’s Juliet. refers u» ‘the t
 lightning that doth ccaae to be ete one can j
 say it lightens.'
 The reviewer, albeit no one baa yet given
 a categorical answer to the question What
 is electricity l and although the learned do
 not understand the nature of light, beat and j
 magnetism, has no objection to discussing the
 changes which matter undergoes when illumi
 nated, heated or magnetised, lie finds that
 ‘‘the electricity of the friction-machine of an i
 insulated steam-boiler, or of a thunder-cloud,j
 has extraordinary.intensity, while its quantity 1
 b oxcessively small. The whole electricity
 of a destructive thunder-storm would not!
 suffice for the i lectro-gtlding of a pin, so in- j
 significant is its amount. A small copper
 wire, dipped into an acid, along with a wire,
 of .nc, would evolve more electricity in a
 few seconds than the laigest fnction-electncal
 machine, kept constantly revolving, would in j
 so many weeks.
 The essay in the Review is very instruc- i
 live, and its descriptions lucied and concise.
 Among other things, it throws out a hintj
 (pages 245 and 246) that may yet be im
 proved upon for sending electricity and its j
 marvels across the Atlantic without wires, as j
 it is now sent ccross the Thames iu England, j
 Tribune.
 Canadian Annexation.—M. Papineau,
 the French leader in Canada, has written a
 letter strongly in favor of the annexation of
 Canada to the United State.
 The Martyr age in Kentucey.—The
 fact below is communicated by a correspon
 dent of the Christian Chronicle of this city,
 a religious paper, which we fear would hard
 ly be roused to speak in a manly tone against
 slavery, if a score of the ministers of its
 church were lo be lynched and driven from
 the south by the cowardly tyrants who trem
 ble at every free word they hear.
 “YVe are pained to learn that among other
 consequences of this state of things in Ken
 tucky, some of her best men are to be driven
 out. The Rev. J. M. Pendleton, A. M.,of
 Bowling Green, surpassed in piety,
 activity and influence by no Baptist minister
 in the State—born and educated there, and
 himself a slaveholder has been so vilified
 and alienated from his friends, on account of,
 his open advocacy of the cause of freedom, 1
 that lie can no longer be useful in Kentucky,
 and has resigned bis church—a church which
 for twelve or fifteen years has delighted in his
 pastoral services, and grown up under them, i
 but where he is no longer welcome. —lie
 will remove with his family to a free State.” j
 W/vc/n* Tm mill nsrtt
Notices.
Western New York Annual Anti-Slave
 ry Fair at Rochester.
 Thi9 fair will be opened the 16th of Janu
 ary next, instead of December, as has been
 before contemplated and published. The post-’
 ponement will doubtless meet the approval of j
 all concerned. Wc shall need more time for
 preparation, as the old articles are nearly all j
 disposed of, and this year we must have an j
 entire new stock. We hope there are already i
 many sewing circles formed* in different parts,
 who are zealously engaged in making up the
 great variety of useful and beautilul articles,
 that are usually presented at oui fair. Mr e
 ask every abolitionist, and every friend ol the
 cause in this State especially, as well as
 friends ia every other State, to feel themselves
 bound to be represented, either personally or j
 by donation, at the Rochester Fair. Let none
 feel themselves excused from laboring earnest
 ly to make this Anti-Slavery Fair worthy of;
 the cause.
 Some of our warm-hearted European friends, j
 have already prepared and forwarded a box of
 articles to aid us in this movement. Truly,
 their disinteresteduess and devotedness ought
 to tinge every slaveholder’s cheek with shame
 stir every northern abettor’s heart with re
 moise, and stimulate every abolitionist to
 double zeal. The North Star we intend to
 sustain, and we ask the zealous co-operation
 of our friend* in so doing. Lectures are much
 needed, and in this section of the State there
 is a wide field for profitable exertion.
 Seed diligently sown will yield a hundred
 or a thousand fold, and the bread of truth cast
 upon the waters will return after many days.
 The personal attendance of anti-slavery f riends
 at the fair is earnestly solicited, and confident
 ly anticipated, and we trust that we shall be
 able to make it more worthy the patronage ol
 the community than any that has preceded it.
 On behalf of the Fair Committee,
 AMY POST
 Appeal of the Philadelphia Association
 The “Women’s Association of Philadel
 phia” appeal to a benevolent public, and to
 the friends of the Slave everywhere, to aid
 them in their approaching Fair, the ob
 ject of which is to sustain the “North Star
 To those who are familiar with tne pages of
 this paper it is unneceaary to speak of its
 merit To those wbo have not seen it we
 mav say, that we regard it as one of the very
 best auU-slavery instrumentalities now in the
 field.
 We are the more interested m it, because
 the editor is one of our oppressed race, and
 admirably qualified by hisulents and moral
 worth, to perform with credit the arduous
 task of editing a paper devoted to our eleva
 tion. We believe and trust that our fneods
 will give us their liberal aid.
 To our own people we look earnestly ank
 hone full?. Sisters, Brothers, shall we lood
 in vain! The iron has entered into your souls.
 Ye go heavily, bowed down to the very dust,
 dispirited, crushed bytbe weight of oppre*-
 J, Ye hear the tennis of the enemy,
 “Th&lt;&gt;v are so ignorant and unrefined. 1 bey
 are jealous of one other! Ye. they unite
 but it is only to put down one who is more
 intellectual than the mass' P‘ ofe lhe
 unerring langntge of conduct thst these as
 sertions so often thrown in our faces are ma
 licious slander*. Sustain F. Douglass, be
 cause bis talents and correct principles de
 mand your respect and confidence Seetain
 him because ili*rtgbtto do so, and becaus
 .weel peace the performance of so wot
 1; ».usij jo-*-
 b "T“e’'Fßr will be beW oe Ckriel— week.
 Donation* for it may be sent to
 H 4RRIET SMITH, 319 Lombard-street,
 R 4CHEL LLOYD, 303 Pioe-sneet,
 AMY M CASSEY, i 13Lombard-street,
 Or to any number of the Association.
 EjLmJ Am. Ltou A.-. Be.rax,
 U.|f BiUOTT, riSTTI outs,
 Lot?is* BaisTOL, Hclm
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS, Cor. Sec’y.
 aAnArt j{ 0 M MuUberrjfcl.
 Philadelphia, eth
Pi TUT. A New Tyindoa gold *ek«r, i»
 i letier to bis friends,.thus sums up tbo mo- 1
 fii'OQ of affairs ia California '—**lt
 neinest plane that stands not of doors, and
 lie meanest cKrnate; not fit for a white man
 lira it; blowy, din?, hot, odd, and aicklj.
 [f you know when you are well off say in
 ild New London.’’
 Wistam’s Balsam or Wild Caiut
 Ibtiii. J. E. W irwr Co., Utica, N. Y
 Items lor fWi W. Fowie. Gantlemei*, l|
 ia re seen wot ce« of com performed by “Dr. W w
 ssr’s HaUam of Wild Chwry I hare bee troo
 ped with in toy throat, atteoled with
 lertß a&gt;«d painful rough- I am now confined 10
 ay boose in stormy awl four weather, cold winds,
 tx. My bodily health ia &amp;ebie, and 1 am non
 ibout fifty-foe years of age. This tenderness off
 nr tbn «t ca ne on abwt the year 1906, and baa
 ruubted me ia my private sad profeasioael bo»i
 ms*. so that 1 havs aerer been free from it since.
 think my case is hard one for a trial of yoor
 ne ticiae, hot! enclose to vou one dollar, which l
 mderstand is tbs price. Phase a«od me a bottle, j
 (f this baa a good effect, I shall need to send to
 t Ts7K!!al*.
 Lenox, Madison Co. N. Y., Oct. 18 IS4B*
 J. E. M|rrer A. Co.,—-Gentlemen, a boot iwo
 weeks since, you sent me a bottle of Wtstar’s B:»l I
 quo of Wild Cher.y. I bare taken nearly all of it,
 »nd find so much relief in using it that I inclose two
 jol art for two bottles more. My cough wh ch had
 wcome rerj serere, and was wearing me oot eery
 Ea«t, has n arly sul*shind. I raise without much j
 effort by coughing, and the tenderness in my throat
 is serv much rebered. It seems to me to be the
 xjly medicine to which I can look for permanent re
 lief. Respectfully yours,
 J. S. PALMER-
 Lenox, Not. 13, 18*8
 Alwavs signed I. BUTTS on the wrapper.
 For sale by Post Willis; also byWm.,
 Pit ki9.
 The Greatest Article Oct.— Mr. A, B,
 FanDoren, Milwaukee, i».
 S«r: Please send hy the staee for the enclosed,
 "ash f* Kir doif a of Sloan’s Ointment. 'lt t» the
 freatut article out for all purposes for which it is
 recummtnded. Truly yours, c
 H. S. CARY.
 OO- See Agents* names at tha head of Sloan’s
 Column. For further particulars and testimonials,
 ret nan.nhlets of ;i2ents.
Commercial.
Rochester, Nov. 22J, 1849.
 The weather for a number of day* past has been
 remarkably fine for the season.and the roa .s wnicli
 (rave been extremely muddy, are fast drying up, and
 (he street* are agaiu full of teams and activity.
 There is a fair demand for wheat at 51,05 per
 ju., and the quantity arriving is not veiy large.
 Tliere is not much doing in any other kinJs ofpro
 iuce, and little or no change in prices to note.
 Wholesale Prices Current.
 'LOUR anu MEAL—Duty 20 cad val
 Flour, l&gt;bl 6 00®5 50
 Corn meal, bush 40 .P
 ’ROVISIOVS. —I&gt;utv;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 c; Cheese 30 (p c ad val
 Fork, (mess) 11 50 12 00
 Do. in hog
 Beef cvvt. 4 00 i® 5 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700© 8 OO
 Lard (tried) &amp;ft 7
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked) 8
 Shoulders, do. I
 Butter P
 Cheese 05 IS) 06
 Turkey* Vlb cl
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bush 26© 37j
 iUALN— Duty; 20 (f cad val
 VVlieat, bush 1 i
 Corn 44
 Oats 31
 Bariev 50
 IIDES—Duty; 5 V c ad val
 Slaughter 1
 Calf A 12
 Slieep Pelts 40 7
 JEEDS —Duty; Linseed 10 If c; Mustard 20
 c ad val
 Clover S7s© B 00
 Timothy I6o® 2 26 i
 Flax w
 ?ISH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 yc ad vn!
 Whitefish bbl 0 00
 Codfish cwt 323
 3UNDRIES
 Salt, (p bbl 1 25
 Apples, y bus j
 Do. dried bush. b2s
 Eggs, doi 11
 Beans, bush 75
 Hay, (f ton 700®11 00
 Hard wood 325
 Soft Wood s S
ucrtist m e n t s.
IMPORTANT TO TIIE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 W'E RESPEC FULLY INFORM OUR
 friend? and tiie public, that one of the firm hmi
 now returner! from Europe, where h° has been pur
 chasing, We have receiver! the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing*
 Cloaks, &amp;c., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, tucli as Velvets, Turk Satins,j
 Black Silks, French Merinos, I hibet Cloths, Ac.—
 I'he designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability-
 We would say to 'he LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL A&gt;D SCE FOR YOURSELVES BSWe feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than &lt;he materia’s can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior man. er than they can gi t them made up them
 selves—soma good Cloaks and V isetles at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Blick Silks, 'lurk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will lie sold off at aSTO&gt; JSHixGLY low pri
 ces. All persons requii ing such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 vvamsley brothers.
 Emporium Block, 65 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Cathaiine st., New York. oci26 3m
 The Old Corobity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would re;pet tfuliy inform hi*
 triends and the public generally, that he lias recently
 enlarged bis establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children's. New amt
 second hand apparel. In adoitioo to tins liejarl
 mem be will buy and sell House aod Store I urni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy article*, Mecliamcril
 ami agricqltuial implements, and nuleed all tnose
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtaiuol at other places. It is his ialar.two
 to, keep Tbc Old Curosity Shop” well furnislietl
 mill an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 UoUiißjj repaired and renovated with neatness
 ust despatch.
 Dont fotget The Old Cmrosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1840.
 liair-i tilting an 4 Dreeing at
 ZD. A J- PATTERSON’* Safoow, under tbe
 Eagle. Buiialo-aireet nov 16—30 i
 m.
 Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by lumsell, to be
 tiad at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 17|e
 Dfatai Sirftry.,
 I would respectfully inform the citisens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, thu 1 have resuoved my
 truss No. 39 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 bu&gt;*e No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hanUni tor past favors is the Uae of my profs*-
 •ion. and Battering myself that 1 cau give periect
 latisfactiuu to all wiki may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would innie ell those who are de
 sirous ofbaving operation# performed os dm teeth nr
 iff having teeth inserted to call oa meaad satisfy
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by sae oo the
 teeth aad Plate Work w arranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13, 1&amp;48. *f.
 Kill-RtU Tine.
 pHANGE IN TIME.—The trams wiß co—i»err
 V to leave Rochester to-day st the folio wing time
 Eastward—at I2| 8* a.*., 1 r.M
 Westward—at 8| a. S r.«., M N f
 Rochester, Msj 1, 1940.
 AS KINGTON’B Dagueman Gallery, LM
 Mats Stmt, Kellogg'• Buildings, Hartford
HOWE FOR RE FORMERS.
 PHr. sohscnber tuu rr».v*d to that ml, ran**-
 l ment, sad crniraiboard tof-imase, So. 2% Ceniff
 w t t »ter* Ik mil be imi happy la wek*/•*»
 4 FririKfc of kcfarw. .1 dwtoc*.—
 lr u pWe *i Bu*
 the fr worf* Temper, at*, fy jrT
 the Pn*ocv, 4tr.,*ußT n*w« sug«Uw,»-I.
 *T&gt; coiaiortaUe and bome.
 tntni Court opras at Wuh nrtM tiw
 u a o. JOH:V M SPEAR.
 B'mob, Aug, 21. I^lt,
 T A 4ES W MON I»iIRMISG Mill c 0i.me.70
 3 keep the chi &gt;w v «d .Street, corner oi
 .Nuria snip. Hit tuasuuir om hand every
 rnicij of Groamt. 3 a,
 Cincinnati, Ol.io.JoK 13, 1949.
 TOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and Sh.e Maker
 3 No. 97, Craniwry Street, Brooklyn.
 N.B. K pairing neatly executed at the shortest
 tee aod oo the most reasonable ernbs.
 XEW TORk ADVERTISED EATS*
 (olortd Sailors’ Hone,
 330, P*ar! St re ft, .NVk Vt»r4.
 FRIEVfW ‘W« and strangers on a yiait
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 ia good Board, and at as L&gt;w a price aa in any other
 Kxue in ti»e city. Tbe house is large and con
 venient; wifi hold comfoTtibhr seventy persons,
 ■amilirs can have priraie rooms, and every atten
 jon paid to their comtoit. WJI. P. POtVELI..
 May 11, 1949.
 DR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, \v«it Brotsd
 way.

 MRS. PETTI r would respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she lias removed
 irom 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Chureh
 itreet, where she will con: nue to entertain respeet
 tble colored persoas with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1849.
 JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office ol
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 rite Legion of Liberty and Force of Trudi 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of close
 ending; 300 eminent authorities, an 1 aliout sixty
 llustraiive engravings. Price cts. in muslin
 md 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 :ount to those who purchase a numV*er of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal o!
 W omenfrcun various authors. 12$ cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18$ cents.
 IVm. W. Brown's Lecture bcf&gt;re the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by 11. M.
 Parklmrst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 ELLIS A. POTTER'S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Stieet, between Clwrch Street
 sad W est Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’* Furnishing Ai tides,
 constantly on hand.
PHILADELPHIA ADfEIITISEirTS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles^
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Col» red
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Cld.iti Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths-
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Gingliams various qualities uu&lt;
 styles.
 Fin** and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of diTerent styles." 1
 Apron and Fumiture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs,
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Liner
 Drilling &amp;e.
 Long and halt Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,am
 colored.
 Wadding white an.l colored Cotton Lap*. AUo,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 Tiie whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attentioi
 of country merchants as well a* his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W.TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ty—36
 Free Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED bv the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 21 North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton "Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an er
 cvllent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;o. S;r.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKun, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. i l
 Anti-Slavery Office,
 i\o. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on band. Also a hand som
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancv Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller Me Kim, 31, North
 rifth.afrspt. Philadelohia. iui—tf
ATHOL WATER CORE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call tie attention
 of Invalid*, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the receptioo of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 parity ha* been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” be location is quite eligible, being bul
 a short distance from the V. At M. railroad. The
 vicinity pbouod* in a variety of scenery, and ha.
 charming grounds for walks and ramble*. .So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, arid
 exercise, patients can scarcely tui td obtain lire
 beallldut results ibr which tlwy labor.
 following case illustraie* this remark. Airs.
 8., wife of Dea. h., of v\ at wick, Alas*., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me lw»t
 August. lier case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in xa erect position, ami idt un
 supported, she forthwith (ell backward to tlie
 ground. If being well supported, site made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the Contrary, would cross lire
 other. 61k nad been in tins condition neariy a
 year. Her treatment commenced the UMh of Se A. t
 *«d was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to l*er UtnJy, she
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to hnr
 J.Knr.tn* duties, and with the tssiatance of a small
 girl, doe* the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring litre* comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blanket*, one pair of sheets,
 half a do sen towels marker., with ohJ Imeu tor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollar* per week, accord
 tag to the necessities or cboioe of the patients
 Those who are less particular in the selection o
 .rooms, or are willing to occupy them ta cowunoi
 with outers, will t* ctutrged less.
 Athol. March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 Palmers Artificial Lep.
 rllS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ter
 varable limb, which has received the highs*
 j awards and most hearty testimonials of all tls
 principal scientific insiMßUona and surgeon* o
 hospitals in this country, ta addition to those sb
 have usedHhe i.mb, a&gt; being in every rsspmt saps
 rior tel any limb ever before invented in Europe
 America, is now manufactured in Sfn*&amp;*i4, Mom.
 by Mesas. fnait, rskius itmsos.
 7V| wwrrsm snhre wlgfnWW-
 Dr*. Hi a tiros and Sraahtf k. of Buffalo.
 Dr. tirlMl, Batsvhi.
 Dr*. Weasts* and Mooat, Rochester.
 Dr. Portaa, Gorham, (who wears on*.)
 Pr. Hoooii, Syr acta* 4 *epl4~fcn
SLOAVS fOI.rUS.
 Alt tbe radieinef adverf-nrg Wy W.B. Slom
 •re wU by Poe* k. Willis.
 Chester; S*. Kanatov. FVmkfart; A. 8. Ctimek
 Co., Uviflnn; T. It A. Frye, fctnkpon; C*M
 Nye, Pitufrrd; W. Williams, Bwtolv. and by
 Bw*t draggfet* throughout the lns*ed Stofr*
 FAMILY OfimreMT.
 S“ LOAN'S OINTMENT it now wMvcr**Hy
 k otle ittii to be «n iofitHiible rfW»K, inetwy
 rase tyru n been fc»,tMu!ly applied oa the to
 man «y*!rin, (or promoting Intrt*ihlr IVmpirtlica,
 •’rawing out the inthiuu-utKin from wound, re
 heviag pain of entry kind, and hr it* healing
 qualities tbe work! does'' not produce it* eqaai, and
 the public pronounce a the cheapest and beat Fami
 ly Ointment that hanererheen used. All diieasea
 of the Fiesb, Obstinate Fleer*, Old Sore*. Chib
 biiins. Sore Throat, Bnrea, at#, (uianeou*
 Eruption, Sore Nippks, Sore Brtatu, Diaeaaee of
 the Eye, Ague in the tace, take, h«rk, and the
 otlier pirn of the system, Boita, CVeta, Scald
 Head. Bruises, I'rrA W onndi, aad every knd of
 •ore* containing tbe leaat particle of lnllweiration
 are peruianontU cared bv thia rreat remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 a Lake at., Chicago, IS
 DOCTORING FN GALENA.
 Mr. Slots: —Dear Sir: About three year* ace
 I was severely injured in one ot my leg* by the
 billing of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 running nicer*. Nearly every doctor ia Galena
 tried to cure them; hut tried in vair, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other lag be
 came as bad a* the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well agam-i-but in ordar
 that I might neglect no means within my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of yoar
 Ointment, and yon can judge of my surprise and
 gratitude better than I can express it, to tod naf
 seli entirely well before I l»»d finished ususg die
 •econd *wx.
 These facts 1 make know that others afflicted
 many believe and not debt' using ao valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 vour i;raieful friend, E\AN DAWS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19.1845.

 ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir I hereby certily
 that my son Allvrt, eleven years of age, wma
 atllicted in his feet from the time be first oegaa to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many tiroes lie was obliged to go on bis
 hands and knees, and no time has lie been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill ot
 several physicians; but to our surprise hia fret are
 now perfectly smooth soft and frre from cracks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, I would my
 the boy put it on himself as nil experiment of hi*
 own,from bearing in recommended. Nothing u&gt;ore
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy state, and am
 now tiie same as though thry never had lieon other
 wise. Yuurs, &amp;c.
 ISAAC PADEN
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1349.
 FIVE LARGE DEEP CLCEFtS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2, 1349.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of tlie Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to I* a fact, I have a case in point,
 lo wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five /urge deep ulcers, just
 above tbe ankle. The leg was so much swollen ha
 Mould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in Various places, have treated bis
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August,Mr. Hanford solicited my advice
 1 succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I laliorcd at till tit#
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a’box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he .was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
 THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 lIORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLIf.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 have earned a great name.
 BURNT TO CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan;
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your CRPAItAL-
 IeLkD Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before the flames could
 be extinguished, iliey were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly horned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used witii success—it gars
 perfect relief? It is needless to add that the child is
 now well anti about her business.—'The mediant is
 all and mors than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should hare it in their posses
 sion.
 I feel indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, 1
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE ’Q
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., i
 Feb. 28ih, 1&amp;49.
 For Purity, MUdntJt, Softly, Oertamty
 and Through**** SLOAN’S
 OINTMENT EactU,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments oow in use for the cure ot the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G*lls of all ‘kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windfalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, SitCst,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange anti Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will reino*e all miiamm»iu&gt;u and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and stiengthen every part of the bodv; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy lor the following
 diseases.
 Distemper, Hide-booed, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Stiains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Khrumnnsaa,
 (commonly called stiff complaint. which proves so
 lalal to many valuable iiorses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedv for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fetal diseases.
 w. U. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 10 Lake st., Chicago, Ifhoois
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 cines. Our neighbors, fiwrods and acipwistances
 who have uset. them, tastily their in no
 Midiuaiy term*, and recommend them witii ro«A
 'lenre. Cures, almost imra(blows have bom effected
 by this medicine. "Every disease which the horse
 is beir to*’ is cured, permanently, l&gt;) the oee of
 Bloan’s Medicines. TRY 'I HEM ami test for your*
 ■elf their efeacy .—-111. Organ, May ficA, HMD
 11IGHLV uroictx or.
 Ei tract from the Wauhttk* Democrat' H u
 May 9, UMP
 “BLOaN’i Memos as.”—A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Beilin, moments us to say,
 tliat be lias used Mr Blown’s tints* Ointment is
 several instances during the past waster, sad
 always with the desired eAee*, nod wishes us to
 recommend it to tta»c who have the use and cere
 of hours. Mr. H loan's medicines are highly
 spoken of generallv, and huta the to*arable ac
 quaintance we have with that geattemwn, we are led
 to believe that they p'«|»red with a twv to
 give a reel tenet* to whatever purpose they er. re
 rnmincmfr 4
 EAITLL ENaKE RITE.
 Da. W. B- Btoas—X&gt;«e» Aw— Leet month Mr
 A. B. Ts»Vir, cf Gopher llill, Indiana, bod a
 b»ee fcadty bitten on the men hy a Kattieeuwke
 font un&gt;'hears nitre. 1 saw HwksMgtfeheail wae
 remarkably swollen, I ituna-distely Spoiled yowi
 Omtrerut freely. and we were xwtahied at the
 prompt relief ehoeded. In leee thdn &lt;.nr hour the
 weding began to shale, and in twenty fait buss it
 had nearly ad sole nied, and unthia three days the
 horse was net only fit tor use but was acttmlly pea u&gt;
 bard labor without any injuries* seeult.
 Yours, respectfully,
 L-1» BARTLETT.
 Chicago, Jom W», IWtt
"
