"oct r u.
THE FATHERLESS
 si sms. Burnt tvsc"-
 ■peak softly to lbs fctUe«W
 And check «i* I*'**' "P 1
 Tbs* *eod* the rrimeon to the cheek.
 The teer-drop to the eye;
 They bare the weight of looelioet*
 In this rode world to bear
 I heti gently raise the fallen bud,
 The droopiof flow’ret spare
 Speak kindly to the fatherless'
 The lowliest of their band
 God keopeth, as the waters.
 In the hollow of Ilia hand.
 Tia and to see life’s evening *un
 Go down in sot row’s shroud;
 But sadder still wbeu the morning’s dawn
 la darkened by the cloud
 Look mildly ou the fit tier lest’
 Ye may have power to wile
 Their hearts from sadden'd memory
 Bv the magic of n smile,
 Deal gently wait those lube ones;
 Be pitiful, and He;
 The Friend and Father of ua all,
 Shall gently deal with thee.
 THE GUILTLESS PRISONER
 BY WILLIAM L. GARIUSOB
 Prisoner? within these gloomy wall* close pent;—
 Guiltless of horrid crime or venial wrong—
 Bear nobly up against thy punishment,
 And ir thy innocence be tall and strong'
 Perchance thy fault was love to all mankind;
 Tliou didst oppose seme vile oppressive law,
 Or strive all human fetters to unbind;
 Or woutdst not bear the implements of war:—
 What then! Dost thou so soon repent the deed?
 A martyr’s crown is richer than a king’s?
 Think it an honor with thy Lord to bleed,
 And glory 'midst iulens*&gt;st sufferings'
 Though beat—imprisoned—put to open shame—
 Time shall embalm and magnify thy name?
 T HE BEAUTIFUL THINGS OF EARTH.
 What are the beautiful! things of earth!
 The looks of flowers! a child’s sweet mirth!
 ’I he glory of woodland* waving wide!
 Or man’s rich glance of hope and pride
 Tiie faith that speaks from a girl’s clear ’eyes
 For the untried life that before her lies!
 Lovelier looks than these on earth;
 The fruits that last when flowers are gone;
 The patient smiles of sickness wan;
 The martyr light in a strong man’s eye,
 When he clasps the right in agony;
 Tha ghnee more sweet tliao faith ere wore,
 Of the love that lives wliere faith is o’er;—
 These are the beautiful thi igs of earth.
 Eliza.— Sartcun's Magazine.
 AUTUMN.
 Autumn leaves are around us lying-
 Autumn wind* are around us sighing—
 The dirge of summer mournfnlly wailing.
 Through woods aud fields is fitfully sailing.
 You who rejoice in life’s glorious Spring,
 Remember, youth is aprecidb* thing—
 Do quickly whatever tbou doest heie;
 Bummer soon cometh, then Autumn 19 near.
 You whose life’s summer is already brighi
 Whatever thou doest do with thy m'ght
 Thy time is short of probation here:
 Bummer Soon passeth, thy Autumn i? near.
Stlttitons.
THE RATTLESNAKE HUNTER! j
 BY J. U. WHITTIER.
 “Until my ghastly tale is told,
 My lieai t within me burns'.”
 During u delightful excusions in the
 vicinity ofthe Green Mountain?, a few
 years since, I had the good fortune to
 meet with a singular character, known
 in many parts of Vermont as the Rat
 tlesnake Hunter. It was a warm, clear
 day of sunshine, in the middle of June.
 I saw him for the first time while en
 gaged in a mineralogical ramble among
 the hills. His head was bald, and his
 forehead was deeply marked with ti.e
 strong lines of care and age. His
 form was wasted and meagre; but for
 the fiery vigor of his eye, he might
 have been supposed incapacitated by
 age and infirmities for even a slight
 exertion. Yet he hurried over the
 huge ledges of rock with a quick and
 almost youthful tread, and seemed ear
 nestly searching among the crevices
 and loose *crags, and stinted bushes
 around him. All at once lie started
 suddenly, drew himself back with a sort
 of shuddering recoil, and then smote
 fiercely with his staff upon the rock be
 fore him. Another and another blow,
 and he lifted the lifeless form of a large
 rattlesnake upon the end of his rod.
 The old man’s tyes glistened, but
 his lip trembled as he looked steadfast
 ly upon his yet writhing victim. “Ano
 ther ofthe accursed race!” he muttered
 between his clenched teeth, apparently
 unconscious of my presence,
 I was now satisfied that the person
 before me was none other than the
 famous Rattlesnake Hunter. He was
 known throughout the neighborhood as
 an outcast and a wanderer, obtaining a
 miserable subsistence from the casual
 charities of the people among the rocks
 and rude hills, where his only objects
 seemed to be the hunting out and des
 troying of the Crotalus horidus, or rat
 tlesnake. 1 immediately determined
 to satisly my curiosity, which had been
 strangely excited by the remarkable
 appearance of the stranger; and for
 this purpose 1 approached him.
 “Are there many of these reptiles in
 this vicinity?” 1 enquired, pointing to
 the crushed serpent.
 “They are getting to be scarce,”
 said the old mau, lifting his slouched
 hat and wiping his bald brow: “1
 have known the time when you could
 hardly stir ten rods from your door in
 this part of the State without hearing
 their low, quick, rattle at your side, or
 seeing their many colored bodies coil
 ing up in your pain. But as l said be
 fore, they are getting to be scarce, :he
 infernal race will be extinct in a few
 years, and, thank God! 1 have inysell
 neen a considerable cause of their ex
 termination.”
 “You must of course, know the na
 ture ofthose creatures perfectly well,”
 said 1. “Do you believe iu their pow
 er of fascination or charming?’’
 Th« old man’s countenance fell.
 Jshere was a visible struggle of feeling
 within him; and his lip quivered, and
 he dashed hi* brown hand suddenly
 across his eyes as if to conceal a tear;
 but quickly recovering himself, he an
 swered in the low, deep voice of one
 who was about to reveal some horrible
 secret.
 “I believe in the rattlesnake’s power
 of fascination as firmly us I believe
 ia my own existence.”
 “Surely,” said I, “you do not be-
lieve that they have power over
 man bcinga?”
 ‘I do, 1 know it to he so!’ and the
 old man trembled as he spoke. ’You
 •re stranger to me,’ he said slowly,
 as he scrutinized my features for a
 moment, ’but it you will go down with
 me to the foot of this rock, in the shade
 there,’ and he pointed to a group of
 leaning oaks that hung over the de
 clivity, *1 will tell you a strange and
 sad story ot iny own experience.’
 It may be supposed that I readily
 assented to this proposal. Bestowing
 one more blow upon the rattlesnake, as
 if to be certain of his death, the old
 man descended the rocks with a rapidi
 ty that would have endangered the
 neck of a less practised hunter. After
 reaching the place which he pointed
 out, the Rattlesnake Hunter commen
 ced his story in a manner which con
 firmed what I had previously heard ol
 his education and intellectual strength.
 ‘I was among the earliest settlers in
 this part of the country. I had just
 finished inv education at Harvard, when
 I was induced by the flattering repre
 sentations of some of the earliest pio
 neers into the wild lands beyond the
 Connecticut, to seek my fortune in the
 new settlement—My wife,’ —the old
 man’s eyes glistened in an instant, and
 then a tear crossed his brown check—
 ‘My wife accompanied me, young, deli
 cate and beautiful as she was, into this
 wild and rude country. I never shall
 forgive myself for bringing her here,
 never! Young man,* continued he,
 ‘you look like one who could pity. You
 shall seethe image of the girl who fol
 lowed me to the new country.’ And
 he unbound as be spoke, a ribbon from
 his neck, with a small miniature at
 tached to it. It was that of a beautiful
 female, but there was an almost child
 ish expression in her countenance, a
 softness, a delicacy, and a sweetness
 of smile, which I have seldom seen in
 the features of those tasted
 I even slightly the bitter wears of exist
 ence. The old man w atched my coun
 tenance intently, as I surveyed the im
 age of his early love.
 ‘She must have been very beautiful,
 I said as I returned the picture.
 ‘Beautiful!’ he repeated, -you mav
 well say so But this avails nothing. J
 have a fearful story to tell—would tc
 God I had not attempted it; but 1 wil
 go on. My heart has been too often
 stretched on the rack of memory tc
 j suffer any new pang.”
 ‘We had resided in the new country
 nearly a year. Our settlement had in
 creased rapidly, and the comforts anc
 delicacies of life were beginning to bt
 felt, after the weary privations ant
 severe trials to which we had been sub
 jected. The red men were few’ anc
 feeble, and did not molest us. Thr
 beasts of the forest aud mountain were
 ferocious, but we suffered little from
 them. The only immediate danger tc
 which we were exposed resulted from
 the rattlesnakes which infested out
 neighborhood. Three or four of oui
 settlers were bitten by them, and died
 in terrible agonies. The Indians often
 t told us frightful stories of this snake,
 and its powers of fascination, and al
 though they were generally believed,
 yet for myself, I confess 1 was ratltei
 amused than convinced by their marvel
 lous legends.
 ‘ln one of my hunting excursion:
 abroad on a fine morning, (it was jus
 at this time of the year,) I was accotn
 panied by my wife. ’Twasa beautifu
 morning. The sunshine was warn
 and the atmosphere was perfectly
 clear; and a fine breeze from the north
 west shook the bright green leave:
 which clothed to prolusion the wreath-
 I ing branches above us. I had left mj
 wile for a short time in the pursuit o
 game; and in climbing a rugged ledg&lt;
 of rocks, interspersed with shrubs aim
 dwarfish trees, I was startled by i
 quick grating rattle. I looked forward
 On the ledge of a ioosenod rock lay i
 large rattlesnake, coiling himsef as i
 for the deadly spring. He was withit
 a lew feet of me, aud I paused for ar
 instant to survey him. I know no
 why, but I stood still aud looked at th&lt;
 deadly serpent with a strong feeling o
 curiosity. Suddenly he unwound hi:
 coil, as if relenting from his purpost
 of hostility, and raising his head In
 fixedhis bright fiery eye directly oi
 my own. A chilling and indescribabh
 sensation, totally different from any
 thing I had ever before experienced
 followed this movement of the serpent
 but 1 stood still and gazed steadily am
 earnestly, for at that moment then
 was a visible change in the serpent
 His form seemed to grow larger ant
 his colors brighter. His body inovet
 with a slow almost imperceptible mo
 tion towards me, and a low hum o
 music came from him, at least it sound
 ed in my ear a strange sweet melody,
 faint as that which melts from th&lt;
 i throat of a humming bird. Then tht
 tints of his body deepened, anc
 S changed and glowed, like (he change:
 of a kaleidoscope; green, purple, anc
 gold, until I lost sight of the serpem
 entirely, and saw only a wild and curi
 ously woven circle of strange colors
 quiyering around me like an atmos
 phere of rainbows. I seemed in the
 I centre of a great prism, a world ol
 j mysterious colors and tints varied anc
 darkened and lighted up again arounc
 me; and the low music went on with
 out ceasing until my brain reeled; and
 fear for the first time came over me
 The new sensation gained upon me
 rapidly, and I could feel the cold sweat
 gushing from my brow. I had certain
 ly no danger ou my mind, and no defi
 nite ideas of peril; all was vague anc
 clouded, like the unaccountable ter
 rors of a dream, and yet my limbi
 shook, and I fancied I could feel the
 blood stiffening as it passed along my
 veins. I would have given worlds tc
 have been able to tear myself from tbc
 spot —I even attempted to do so, but
 die body obeyed not the impulse ol
 the mind, not a muscle stirred; and 1
 stood etiii as if my feet had grown tc
 the solid rock, with this infernal music
 of the tempter in my ear, aud the bale
 -1 tul colorings of tins enchantment before
 me
 ‘Suddenly a new sound came on my
 ear. It was a human voice, but it seemed
 strange aud awful. Again, again, bul
 I stirred not and then a white form
 plunged before me and grasped my
 arm. The horrible spell was at once
 broken. The strange colors passed
 from before my vision. The rattlesnake
was coiling at my very feet, with glow
 ing eyes and uplifted fangs; end my
 wile was clinging in terror upon me.
 The next instant the serpent threw him
 self upon us. My Vife was the victim!
 The fangs pierced deeply into her
 hands; and her scream of agony, as
 she staggered back from me, told me
 the dreadful truth.
 ‘Then it was that a feeling of mad
 ness came upon me: and I saw the foul
 serpent stealing away from his work.
 Reckless of danger, I sprang forward
 and crashed him under my feet, grind
 ing him upon the rugged roek. The
 groans of my wife now recalled me to
 her side, and to tha horrible reality of
 her situation. There waa a dark livid
 spot upon her hand; and it deepened
 into blacknesses I led her away.—We
 were a considerable distance from any
 dwelling; and after wandering for a
 short tune, the pain from her wound
 became insupportable to ray wife, and
 she swooned away in my arms. Weak
 and exhausted as I was, I yet had
 strength enough left to cifry her to
 the nearest rivulet, and bathe her brow
 in the cool water. She partially re
 covered and sat down upon the bank,
 while I supported her head upon my
 bosom. Hour after hour passed away,
 and none came near us, and there alone
 in the great wilderness, I watched over
 her, and prayed with her, and she
 died!”
 The old matt groaned audibly as he
 uttered these words, and as he closed
 his long bony hands over his eyes. I
 could see the tears falling thickly
 through his gaunt fingers. After a
 momentary struggle with his feelings,
 he lifted his head once more, and there
 was a fierce light in his eyes as he
 spoke:
 ‘But I have had my revenge. From
 that Jptal moment I have felt myselt fit
 ted and set apart by the terrible ordeal
 of affliction, to rid the place of my
 abode of its foulest curse. And I have
 well nigh succeeded. The fascinating
 demons are already few and powerless.
 Do not imagine,’9aid he earnestly re
 garding the somewhat equivocal ex
 pressions of my countenance, ‘that I
 consider these creatures as serpents,
 only creeping serpents, they are ser
 vants of a fallen angel—the immediate
 ministers of the infernal gulf!’
 _ a. a
 Years have passed since my inter
 view with the Rattiesnuke Hunter; the
 place of his abode is changed—a beau
 tiful village rises near the spot of con
 ference, and the grass of the church
 yard is growing over the grave of the
 old hunter. But his story is fixed upon
 my inind, and Time, like enamel, only
 burns deeper the first impression. It
 comes up before me like a vividly re
 membered dream, whose features are
 too horrible for reality.— The Rover.
 From the National Era.
 PREJUDICE—A CONTRAST.
 One day I watched a curious looking
 nest of caterpillars, those worms that
 are so daintily dressed up in their long
 far. All were busily spinning out theii
 silken webs, except a few, who were
 pushed away because they had black
 stripes through their fur. So they curl
 ed themselves up, and rolled away, tc
 spin their webs as best they could.
 I came another day, and found they
 all had wings of purple, or gold, oi
 crimson spotted. No two were alike,
 but all were so beautiful that they could
 not tell themselves, which were the ones
 that had the black stripes, when they
 were nil wrapped up in their fur.
 The morning sun beamed brightly
 upon hill and valley, and sent its cheer
 ful rays even among the dark glens and
 woody dells of Edendale; fit name for
 the wild and picturesque beauty of the
 Susquehanna where Nature has been
 lavish with her smiles and frowns. A
 quiet and pretty villa graced Edendale,
 and its beautiful loneliness was cheered
 by a happy circle within.
 A young boy, who made their heart
 glad, skipped merrily forth, and, in a
 freak of mirth bounded over the banka
 and through the glens. The wind tos
 sed his close curls as he ran, and bro’t
 a warm glow to his dark olive cheek.
 Away he went, shouting joyfully.
 Hours passed, and the child waa
 gone yet. Where can he be? Is he
 lost? Is he drowned? were the breath
 less inquiries. The mother grew fran
 tic, the father anxious and excited.—
 “Louis! Louis!” was shouted through
 the woods, and resounded among the
 rocks; but no Louis was there. Dave
 and weeks dragged on, but notidings ol
 Louis.
 A crowd was gathered at a slave auc
 tion in one ofthe large Southern cities.
 One, another, and another, was sold
 and then came upon the stand a youth
 ful boy, whose beauty filled all with
 surprise and interest. The terror
 stricken child gazed around with a be
 wildered stare. His little heart beat
 wildly, and tears chased rapidly down
 bis cheeks; but frightened at the threats
 of the auctioneer, he pressed his hand
 tightly over his mouth, to smother the
 violent sobs that shook his frame.
 There were the same glossy cluster
 ed curls, the dark sparkling eye, and
 the rich olive complexion, that marked
 the joyous Louis of Edendale.
 _“Going—going—gone!” and the
 heavy stroke ofthe hammer, as it fell,
 told that Louis was a slate.
 He was quickly pushed aside; but,
 as they were about to lead him away, a
 horseman came with furious speed down
 the street, and checked the reins ab
 ruptly as he reached the auction stand.
 Every one gazed at him in astonish
 ment, as he leaned forward and looked
 intently and breathless among the group
 of slaves.
 “Father! father!” screamed a strug
 gling child, with a wild cry.
 An instant more, aud the man, with
 one bound, sprang upon the platform,
 and gf a ped his boy. The slave-dealer
 cowered before the imposing dignity of
 the noble looking man who stood before
 him, with his eye bent upon
 him in rage and indignation, and his
 quivering lip scarce finding power to
 speak. The throng looked on eagerly,
 expecting to see hts uplifted arm strike
 the offender to the earth, as he claim
 ed
 “My child a slave! a slave? Have
 you dared to setae and sell a te kite
 child?”
 The sympathising and excited crowd
 could no longer restrain thair indigna
tion. Murmurs and threats broke forth,
 and then cries of “Down with the kid
 napper!” issued from tbc throng. The
 story buzzed through the city, and the
 gathered multitude were appeased only
 wheo justice was meted out to the slave
 dealer and his accomplice.
 A young girl was seized and sent in
 to slavery. She had been stolen away
 from her old blind mother, who had
 none else to care for her want*. Every
 hour separated them farther and farther
 as the young slave trod her way weari
 ly under a blazing sun. She wrung
 her hands and wept in agony as she
 thought of the fate of her mother. “She
 will strive with her sightless eyes to
 find me all the day long Her feeble j
 voice will call Lizzy! Lizzv! and she
 will hear no aoswer but the lonely echo.
 She will wonder why I am gone so long.
 I cannot sit by her side again, and she
 will not hear the voice of her child any
 more, reading to her the Bible she lov
 ed so well. How cheerless will be her
 days, and how sleepless will be the
 nights, for she will hear by and by that
 Lizzy is a slave. Oh, my mother! my
 mother! I can see you no more.”
 She looked back with longing, ach
 ing eyea, to where the woods and sky
 seemed to meet, as though to catch a
 parting glimpse of her home.
 “On! on!” shouted the driver, aud
 his long lash curled about the shrinking
 form of tha weeping Lizzy.
 In vain she plead when they sold her.
 In vain she told them she was free.—
 Who cared for her grief? Who was
 there to give her justice? Who thought
 of the mind, the soul, that was to be
 trammelled? Alas, none! for her skin
 was not fair! None sympathized with
 her she was a black slave.
 W T ho dares to despise the creatures
 whom God has created in iiis own im
 age, stamped with the glorious seal of
 immortality, and for whom He sent his
 well beloved Son to die? Is there a
 Christian who cherishes such scorn or
 indifference in his heart? Know thy
 self!
 Auburn, Oct., 1849.
HOW DO YOU SPELL “TURNER?”
 “Mr. Reed,” said a Mr. Turner,
 one day to a friend with whom he had
 been conversing; “I have just been
 thinking that your name is about as
 changeable as any I know.”
 “YVhy, how many ways of spelling it
 are there?”
 “Reed, Rede, Reid, Reade, YVrede,
 Wread, and I don’t know ho\ many
 more—ha! ha! lam glad my name is
 not Reed.”
 “Not quite so fast,” Mr. T. “you
 have little to boast of in your own
 name. lam inclined to think you will
 find it undergoes as may varieties as
 my own, if not more.”
 “Imposible!” ejaculated Mr. Turner.
 —“T-u-r, fur; n-e-r, tier, Turner; how
 otherwise, pray, should you spell it?”
 •'We shall see, said Mr. R.; “in the
 first place you may spell it thus Thur
 ner.”
 “But on what ground do you use the
 7%?”
 For the same reason that you have
 these letters in Thames, Thomas, rc.
 If Th represents the sound of T in
 Thomas, why not in Turner, or rather
 ThumerV
 “Well, this is but one change; what
 others can you show me?”
 “Oh, several. You are not perhaps
 aware that the sound of u as in Tur,
 and that of e as in ner, are each rep
 resented by various vowels in our lau
 gage, as well as by several combina
 tions: thus, the u as in Tur by attorney,
 our journey, motion, &amp;tc.; aud the c as
 in ner, by medlar, ea/th, stir, soldier,
 answer, &amp;.c.—Thus we may legitimate
 ly spell your name Thornar, Thorner,
 Tornear. Thornir, Thorneir, Thorn
 wer, Thurn'ar, Thurner, Thurnear,
 T' urnir, Thurnier, Thurnwer, Thour
 nar, Th
 “Hold there,” cried Mr. T., in as
 tonishment. “I see you are never
 going to stop. How many more
 changes were you going to ring?”
 “To tell you the truth,” replied Mr.
 R., “I scarcely know where to end, for
 1 have shown you but the twentieth
 part of the changes your name might
 undergo. But how do you like it spelt
 thus—Tholognyrrn
 “That’s far too much like Dutch for
 my liking,” said Mr. T. “By what
 process do you arrive at such an out
 landish combination of letters to repre
 sent Turner?”
 “By a very simple one,” continued
 Mr. R.: “In the word colonel, the
 combination colo is made to represent
 cur, and, by parity of reasoning. Tolo
 or Tholo will represent Tur. In the
 word gnaw, gn is the representative of
 the sound of n, and why not use it for
 the same purpose in yonr own name?
 As in myrrrh, the combination yrrh
 stands for the sound er, so gnyrrh will
 of course be ner. Thus we get T-h-o
 -1-o-g-n-y-r-r-h—Turner. Ha! ha! I
 am glad my name is not Turner.
Fashionable Manners. —There is e
 set of people whom 1 cannot bear—the
 pinks of fashionable propriety—whose
 every word is precise, and whose every
 movement is unexceptionable; but who,
 though versed iu all the categories ol
 polite behavior, have not a particle ol
 soul or of cordiality about them. We
 allow that their manners may be abun
 dantly correct. There may be ele
 gance in every gesture, and graceful
 ness in every position; not a smile out
 of place, and not a step that would not
 bear the measurement of the severest
 scrutiny. This is ail very fine; but
 what I want is the heart and gaiety of
 social intercourse—the frankness that
 spreads ease and animation around it
 —the eye that speaks affability to all,
 that chases timidity from every bosom,
 and tells every roan in the company to
 he confident and happy. This is what
 I conceive to be the virtue of the text,
 and not the aiekeniog formality of those
 who walk by rule, and would reduce
 the whole human life to a wirebound
 system of misery and constraint.— Dr.
 Ckahmer’i Sermons tn Posthumous
 Works.
 Thanksgivings. —The following’ days
 are already appointed: Florida Ist
 Nov.; New Hampshire, North Caroli
 na, Isth Nov.; Massachusetts, Ver
 mont, Connecticut, Maine, New York,
 Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and
 Washington City, 39th of November.
NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 Electricity ao 4 Hyiropatfcy,
 THE importAiupr.ncipleaofCataacMW Electricity.
 the discovery of which by the smderstfned, ha*
 opened *o wide frrid #ci«-oiific and physiological
 investigation, though ridiculed aad opposed at it*
 first announce men t in 1944, by medical and profes
 sedly seif nt fie tnen, bring mow xasUiaed by eminent
 men of philosophic and scientific knowledge, and by
 the experience and testimony of thousand*. who Imre
 letted hit the.nr by examittaliom in their own cate*,
 the undersigned u confident that thit princule of
 nainral and physiological be, need* only to be un
 derstood to W'jtmh appreciated by aa intelligent
 and investigating public.
 Siisiainr i by »ih.li testimony, awl more than fire
 years’ practical experience at a Diagnotiaa and Hy
 dropathic, the undersigned would be nr repeat the
 conulusion* at which lie ha* arrired by die sense of
 touch. Ist. That the human body, in a healthy
 condition, is in a poeittve electrical state. 2d. That
 there are electrical emanations from the cuticlar
 surface, indicatire of health, or the nature and;
 symptoms of disease. 3d. That in all cases where
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are in an electro-posi-
 lire state, (howerer disturbe&lt;l,) there is hope of a
 cure; but when die part* of th« Ixreiy alluded to are
 in the electro-negative state, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had n&gt;-t die results of kin practice already con-j
 riocetl the public of the trutldulness of the principles
 by which the undersigned is governed, in detecting 1
 the nature and symptoms of disease, die recent phi*|
 i iosoptiical and scieutilic demonstration of dieir cor
 rectness, liv ‘Professor .Means, at Georgia, and Mr.
 Demurer, of England, and the facts and corrol&gt;ora
 uve testimony adduced by l)r. Fori*#, Mr. tfinee.
 and others, should be sufficient to convince the most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously!
 awarded for his success as a Diagnostic and Hy-j
 dropathic Practitioner, I 7 a discerning public, and!
 the gratilu !e evinced by those whom he has had thej
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under-j
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all j
 who may afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 In' Ids original and philosophical method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Bensouville, 011 the west bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, aliout two and a hall miles
 from the centre of the tow n. It is conveniently j
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress-,
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti-'
 lated ami conveniently furnished lodging rooms, and
 a variety of Iwths, abundantly supplied w ith water,
 which, for purity, and adaptedness to water-cure j
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other estalj-
 iishment in this country. A new and commodiouss
 building lias just been completed, containing a spa-
 I clous dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, w hich, 1
 with the main building, will accommodate from 50
 ito 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. There are a variety of
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow the pa-'
 tieiiis to enjoy their rambles w ithout being exposed
 to public g;ize or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successfully'
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to the head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chiti.% pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the (towels
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, nervous anti spina
 affections, iutl.imiiiatdry and chronic rheumatism,!
 ueuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis,fevers, salt;
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons** who visit this establishment for a
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves with
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one or
 two linen and three cotton sheets, two piilow cases,
 six or eight crasli towels, some well worn linen, to
 cut f&gt;r fomentations, an olu cloak or mantle, an um
 brella, and a pair of slip|&gt;ers.
 Terms.—For treatment and board from $550 to
 £3 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patient,
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on the first and second floors,
 s9uo—with room-mate, £6,50. For one alone on
 the third floor, £8 50 —with room-mate, £5 50.
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in their
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnish
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price.
 For patients receiving treatment at home, £1 00.
 Terms for examination, from £2 00 to £5 00.
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting a.lvice, will receive attention. Corresponding
 patients should be particular in stating their last
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID KUGGLES.
 Northampton, Mas*., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from the
 ea?t, west, or south, tan take the cars of the Conn.
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages will
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, to
 convey them hither. That tlte sick and nervous
 may not Ire disturbed after retiring, visitors arriving
 in the evening train are requestsd to take lodgings
 at a hotel.
The human blood, in a normal ami healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, which
 is constantly maintained by the activity of the
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass*
 ng off in silence from the cuticular surface, so mat
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. lletnmer of
 j England, upon the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity. This surplusage
 i of tiie tluid upon the surface, we believe to be imiis-
 J pcnsable to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from anv cause, it
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.”
 See address delivered before the Medical College of
 Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, Nov.
 1 8,184 i, by A. Means, A.M., M.U., i’rofessor of
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physical
 I Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and For
 eigu Medical Review, in an able article on the con
 dition and function of the skin, says: “Perhaps
 there is scarcely any disease in which the func
 j tion of the skin is not, to some extent, deranged.
 To what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they been accustomed
 to give much attention to this part, in the practical
 investigation of diseases. Physiology
 teaches us that it is the vehicle for conveying out
 of the system a large amount of matter, as well solid
 I as liquid; and practical experience exhibits it asf
 j the channel through which the maitries morbt in
 many instances, and the burthen of plethora geue
 j rally, find their exit.”
 j The London Sun, alluding to the discovery of
 I voltaic electricity by Alfred Since, Surgeon to the
 Bank of England, says: By a test which he term,
 electro*volt.iic, he nna satisfied himself that the ter
 minations of the sensor nerves are positive poles of
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is the i
 negative pfile. '1 he sensor nerves are tlie telegraph*
 j winch carry t'»c sensation to the brain, and the motor j
 nerves carry back t!re volition to me muscles.” See
 N. Y. Tribune, Apul 7, [649.
 D.. Holln k, on the .u.ject of electricity, remarks:!
 I Tin re is no agent that affects the b &gt;dy more, both
 j naturally an 1 artificially.” See his work on Neu
 i ropathy, published in Philadelphia iu 1547, p. 127.
 The following extract is from an interesting arti-i
 icle on electricity, copied by the N. Y. Journal of
 Connneice lioai a fbieiga Scientific i.eview: “1
 do not pretend to s.iy that a deficiency of electricity
 may not occur in ore part of tiie bum in body, an i
 an excess in some oilier part, for a time, and that
 this may not be the cause of disease, and the resto*
 rati'.n oi the equ.libi lu.n tiie cure; I think litis most
 i hkelv, and tii.it it is up n this principle, in a great
 ixieasuie, that tnc wonderful effects of electr. -mag*
 net ism, in tiie cu.e f disease, are to be explained,
 j It is ceil &gt;iit that, when our electrical machines are
 i most ct ly productive, we all feel most vigorous.
 1 Our ikcv rvstems are then most firm; our &lt;!ige«-
 ive orgtin mo*t active, our minds most clear.”
 Asylum for the Sick.
 DU. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyaiyttc
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly estabtulied and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every diseas e Uat u
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Altnougti water is used in every way
 that U applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the foiled States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as line only
 or principal icmedy iu tbs treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Eitddubioent is designed for that clans of!
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by ail j
 other systems *f practice, and are stili unable to'
 walk or stand on their feet, and arc confined to their
 beds, wearing out a i.le of misery and suhermg witli
 out any liope of ever iwitig any better.
 The retnetfees ipade use of in Lius Institution not
 only entirely remove di*ca*e tan give increased
 strength and elasticity to tiie system. Many have
 lieeo drought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who bad neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 u&gt; feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks I
 would be walking witli the elasticity of youth and j
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them- S
 •elves, and surprising their b tends and all who taw
 them wuea they first came. Trte treatment nf this!
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 liseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The failing of the Womb, in all its stages
 ami conditions iu patients, from twelve years of age i
 up to sixty, and even if they have been coniine i u»
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,'
 dress, or undress tiicnueivea, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Tailing of the Bovsals p a
 in the Side, .dhwLkri, Back and Head* Spinel
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dvsoeosta
 a all its ferae aad stages, Files, n Tn y t
arrives. Suppression of the Mease*, F.*ce**svc
 Menstruation, White*, all Nervous Duress**, CV,!
 Feet and it and*, St. A ml tony*# Dance. Tetter* of
 ail kiwi*. Salt Hlewn. in it* vn»i*i forma, Nnvraf
 gia. Tic Douloureux, RJtr itmxiism, CoeMimntkm in
 it* fi»st stage*, General Weakness and IMbility,
 The proprietor ha« given his whole attention tr
 the alwve disease* for the last 1 ea year*, and ha*
 treated them in an entirely different way from tm
 other private practice or public Institution m tl m
 eewtry; aad staHl ha* been hi* snores and so o r
 taw are his remedies in their effect* on those dis
 eases, licit instead of publishing a long list of c« r
 tifirel cures, he wisG-s to give that class of invalid*
 seeking to obtain their health sufficient guarani*,
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, mq*,-
 sition or deception, so that no one need brio air,
 expense in this Institution without being bahefited
 The proprietor wilf enter into a spec nil contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, tt*t I«« will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the montv an t
 pay all the expenses from any part of the Cured
 States here a tel back G.iire ayatn, befeic G* cotn
 meric es the ti stare nt, and give a born! to board tlv st,
 tocethn writh liia prof M i &gt;nal service*, for nothing,
 i if he does not help them according to contract. A t v
 one thinking the abov# proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against rmsirptesentotion# and ex|*n»e
 without receiving equal beoetit, can let the proprre
 tor know what wil. G* satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tic* by tlte intlnence of uiosc who have heco he! ;ed
 here, a* nothing has ever hern published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain it.-el.
 i by its own merits, or pay tlte expense of those wh
 choose to make a c&lt;&gt;nt*nct in case of failure. Tire
 design of this Cirrular is not U&gt; make known tin’
 cures that have Ireen made in this institution, Gxau»r
 they must soon be believed; but to let it he mm
 extensively known to tire poor suffering invalid
 i that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying nl
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 Irenefif, and still remain confined to their beds fro 11
 five to twenty years, that theie is an Institutior
 whose treatment is different from any other one tla
 1 j United States, and is particularly adapted to theii
 1 situation, aud can have it cost tlieui nothing utile?!
 j they are materially benefited.
 I From the nature of treatment in »iiis Institution
 I the nntnber of patient- must be limited, there foie tin
 1 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight am
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped I v «.thr-i
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one t&lt;
 I I come, unless they wish to get well, and are vrdiiiu
 I to lie made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day ii
 ■j succession; and also willing to lie made able to on
 ‘l dure as much labor and fatigue as most of peopk
 M that call themselves well, a? he means tiiat even
 one that goes through a thorough course oftreamreir
 i in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in'
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness o
 texture, capability of endurance, and improver
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized m.itter, am
 H consequently it 9 superiority over every other dif
 J ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 8 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 fj immediate attention. If requested, reference wil
 be made to those who have been helped in this In-ti
 J tution and also good references as to responsibiht\
 or the proprietor to meet the above expenses it,
 F required
 9
 Halstcd’s Eclectic Medical Institute
 and Water-Cure Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successtul operatidi
 X during fourteen years, for the cure of alt Chroni
 1 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 *j cine alone.
 a MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Ta
 r tients have Ireen restored to health and useful ties
 j by the treatment pursued at tins Institution, wh
 0 could not find V&gt; lief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had Ireen confined to thei
 beds for years, and who were almost in dtspiir
 0 have had renewed hope and courage when theyhav
 1 learned that others, laboring under as many tliscour
 ageinents as theitis lves, have been cured by tin
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 II Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NEK
 j VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES
 r &amp;c., which produce symptoms oi almost nil othe
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as D\S
 FEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, t OSs
 TIVENESB, LOSS OF THE USE OF Till
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOU SPIRITS, PAR
 TI4 L INSANIf\, aud a host of other disease
 o arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 ll NESS, which they nor their phvsicians understami
 j and which medicine alone will not cure—to sue
 sufferers we would tay, we are curing hundreds jus
 like you every year. Physicians-bring their wive
 e and children to have them cured—why not com
 l. yourselves, and save life, time aad money 1
 ll' We are using water in all the various wavs i
 o which it is applied in water-cure establishment*;
 s we do not rely seiely upon it, or upon medicines a
 g they are generally understood and applied; but
 ■9 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH UIECTRICITV
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in on
 1-| halt the time it takes under any other treatment
 h allowing that treatment to be successful, which is ire
 e j the case one time in ten.
 1- Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falim
 it: of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed an
 if] excessive menstruation, the diseases incident t
 d that period known as the turn of life’—involuntai
 e discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing
 i. which aie more frequent than Physicians are wiliiu
 ie 1 to acknowledge, especially within their uw 11 pr.icth 1
 it Females frequently suffer for years from die disease
 incident to their sex, aud linger out a life of hel|i
 ,f' Irssness and pain, when a f. w weeks’ or at most
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficultie
 ,f; and restore them to their families, with health t
 ill labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to tli
 I happiness of others. This has never failed to fr
 j accomplished in a single instance in this Institution
 1- however weak and helpless the patient mav havi
 s I Ireen on entering it. Many have tome hundreds o
 j miles on beds, in easy chans, by boat, by carriagi
 I. i and railroad, who had not walked for years, i liesi
 -j iadbs have walked miles daily before leaving tin
 j I Institution.
 1! Such u our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 y altlled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dn
 t eases oj whatever kind or nature, that ws will offer ih
 following
 f PROPOSITION
 1 We mil enter into a special written agreement unit
 j such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow th&lt;
 rules and regulations, and go through the system Oj
 I" treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and fron
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them anc
 1 i give them &gt;jur j/rofumonal services, fret of charge, ij
 they are not helped according to agreement. Thu it is
 I Imped will put a step to cries of empyricum fion
 tliore interested in keeping patients under theirowi
 1 charge, and will be a guarantee to those wont oui
 by disease, »l»o nave spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, withoul
 finding it; that here they will not spend tlireit uumet
 w ithuut Lenetit, and that no lalse statements or iiu
 j positions wd! be practiced upirr them.
 The modus operand l of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at t/us Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for year*, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OIHiR diseases, can go up
 and down -tan* in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 unshirvt fear or troidde m regard to their O RIO I s a L Uit
 ficuity. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 j the patient subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 1 n every in*tmet a sptfdy cure is performed. If any
 on* doubts Id them, select the most trying and diffi
 cult cast they can Jmd, and test our veracity and shUi.
 Our t IF as are easy.
 N B. —Any one wishing to know more about our
 j system of treatment for Llxo di». are* or any ot)» r
 difficulty can address us [post ,«id] a„d vre will
 sen 1 them an account of the Institution-Certificate*
 ,of cure—official report of last year, 4re., free of
 cnxrge together with tlte most retpectabie refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room u untied, therefore we want
 none to apply that can t*cured at home. We prole
 ourselves m curing what others are not foitunate
 enough to do.
 CoouDiJincatiou* should Ire addresser! to Hal it i: l
 Hall, Medical lustituie, Roclre.ter, N. Y., post
 paid.
 Ki. re it xa ClS.—Joseph field Ex-Mavor, and
 Rev. G. N\ Montgomery, Rocliester, N. Y.
 tub Jih own Fbjbician/’
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 Jf.ST PUBLISHED, a new and vshrabie Grek
 6rr every fsunily in the country, aod ooe tiiat u.e.
 he consulted w»oi perfect eaten As its litie ;»ge
 I iwdicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and liestmta
 *tf Diseases; with au acrouut of the .-y*tem while m
 ireaith, and rules tor preserving tiiat slate. App* a
 dmito which are reeqet lor making various ua
 t ciues amt articles U&gt;t diet tor use sick icon.. Ti*
 whole written lor general use auo daily practice, bv
 JA.i B. Newman, M. I&gt;.”
 Alao, actoiupairying this book, or separate, is
 •‘THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving then- names, varieties,description,
 i mmticat properties and doaes, use, tiu*e ul gstßrn.g,
 j *®&lt;s!»y oi,»» r oreetjoa* very useful for every bui»-
 I ,0 know, and written expressly for lannK use.'*
 Tire Herb Book is devoted solely to P-pular M-d
 -cal Bedtny, aod will funosii on tnat point all th.
 Desired ini'irnution wanted for general ose.”
 The two books are put and bound together *&lt;v
 coritaiu 2UO pages, price 25 nsti, or soU
 at 12| Mats.
 The sj mptosas of each disease arecarcfuUy
 to Uat one tuay be recognised from another, 1
 *%wl prasti-mg in the dark; also the treatment ,t
 *k*urh of genet al physiology, a»i rules tor ke-t
 11a heabh, together with observation* «mi tan
 means of avoiding deleterkw# influences, an,:
 °*r i*™*™*. &gt;-h.
i k lreen wrii**n d, greasl airs, m
 plain, «tn&gt;|ih&gt;. romfrxm-.-en*, f yle easily rote on
 devvr.xMl t v evrrv p*r*« n, and bv m practical p,
 fuu 1 tHrfoieli botanist, c-»n recommend
 it wch entii* ('(J ifitVwv, a* bthf s work srper,/,*
 in ail respect* to any other Ucok of the kind ever
 published At the price.
 Famtliesin ih- montry. e*p»c*ally thore hr
 ing in new cottMirir* u heabhy ei niates, #G nld
 not fad to protore a C'.pv -d t.nte it at all time* *t
 hand, in case of *irkne*&lt; as th« y might 1 here by ty
 tome fitnpic remrtiv m* an rv;V»si»eard pr&lt; ti c
 ted doctor* hilt. \k iw-'iScr wed or sick, sorb a book
 should he mererr bo., a **fis and sure adviser
 in time t*f need, tire direcie-n given for pers-.n* m
 Ireaitii cannot he t&lt;x&gt; strict Hr sttcm'cd t« Ity all.
 Tt&gt;e pure at which the book is ***Ui is *0 low that
 fvery {.in. iy may fftve a Copt,'hod none slreuk! be
 without it.
 I is* Isook is pot up m Piper hi &gt;dmg, *nd ran
 s.vmK la* sent hv mad. Pottlgs only 6f ceats to auy
 ■art of the United State*.
 ifffr Any person sending us me d-d!or hy mad, and
 pivt |«yiro; postage ..n ttie sei:er. shall hove (our
 Dopk S »*&gt;nt him free sjpos’
 Send in yonr orders*, there 1* no risk in sending
 money by tn-nl, it crones to u* daih and ilie Urek
 siw.ivs re.'ch de*tin.m&lt;
 OOF i&gt;ur Gtnilies on elob to?ether and send s
 dollar hill, and hive f&lt; ur Gx-ks sent to re-p adores*
 WANTED—Agents in most f tire s"net 1,. wh
 this work, almost every family wil! puichase it it
 earrted to their door*. A snail c..j it,.1.,f fr..ni £2O
 to £5O will be i,cce**ary 1 r eu AdJiees,
 wg paid, GF O. FlS!lfß,
 April 1, 6 Fxchanic-*t. Rnclw*ter. N Y
'UNPARAILEP IN THE HIST'OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THt MOST
 Rrmarkahic lAicrnal Application
 Ever Hisrovorcd
 TIME and experience have t.div proved that tma
 UNIVERSAL RE.VPL l i.** n. t it* equd
 on the list of popular medicine*, having been Gtjre
 the public for more than lomteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested iJiaiatter &lt;f its woti
 denul effects on the animal economy is almost c 1 mv
 presented to the proprietor. It 1- w. ttliy of s;e
 cial letnai k, that beside the and extraordinary
 powers in the care of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtue# first attracted the attention of
 the Fauier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public genera l ly, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE m MAN race.
 Ignorance of far!.* and philosophy, start at tie
 assertion that any one remedy c m posses* within
 itself the virtue ot curing many diseases Expen
 enee of more than fourteen rears h s nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Gargling t&gt;il, or Universal family Embrocatiou,
 will cuit most «a«os and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cute of which this
 Oil lias been completely successful and in which o
 er pretended renied e- hav&gt; rntrplelely 'ailed:
 RHEUMATIS M, PAINFUL NERVOUS Af
 fections, Hitt? oi Animal?, Frost Bites, Coin#,
 Boils, N\ hitlows, Asthma, Brui?es, Burns,
 and Si add?, Clamps, Strain#, Sprain#,
 Ulcers from loi;tl can?es, (Jakod
 Brt ast?. Contract ions ot the mus
 cle#,W oun&lt;’?, .'-weiiings, £,c.
 Alto a host ot disi ase#
 in Hoi so? and other
 ann i.d'.toich as
 SPA l INS,
 Sweenev,
 RINOLUNE,
 indgali, Boil Evil,
 Gallon .Cracked Heels,
 Gall# ot all kind#,
 Fiesh Wound?, Bruise#,
 Fistula,Sitla-t, Stiain?;,Lameness
 Sand lacks, Euiiriiieie i F,et, Ncraid es
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARC V, &lt;y,’ 4
 Numerous aie the unsolicited statement# of 1
 tients themselves,ami others who have used the Oil,
 ol n.re? urucli in themselves appear to remaikab.e
 that were Liny at till interested in a pecuniary point,
 t ey could hardly huve Ireen credited.
 t ho c' lebiated Dr. I‘arkei also writes as follows
 i 1.! Bii I have pre?criied your Gorging Oil 01
 v it ions case? of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as h liniment, w ith marked sm. ;.e?s,aud would coni
 mi nd it to physician? generally for external use in
 all conUi.-ioo?, tumors, spin ins, white swedingn,
 and in all ihctmiatic affection#, where external
 means are nec&lt; ssary. As a dieentont, it is haun
 less where tlie tt-liuie syuij toms have been reduced
 by general treatment, lo such Cases, it is lire most
 efficient remedy within the circle of mean# uuw in
 Use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy w here there is 110
 general fever in all (lie above diseases, to lie mod
 freely, and to counteract inffamniatiun in a icniaik
 ablc manner. 111 bruised wounds it presents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 Eioni the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has mil with in the hands of
 th FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRILIOR, it 13 .but ju-ticc to say, that ot the
 great number of medicines which have G»en offered,
 none have G-en s* well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Dis. ases to which lloiv* are liable; it liar btri
 very justly cadeu a omplete Panacea tor the lloire.
 I or instance, read the (allow ing
 TO OWNERS OP HORSES.
 1 hi# is to certify tiiat I have had for many years tha
 cate ot from one hundred to two hundred horse#
 and nave made use ol Merchant s Gaiglmg (Jti f. r
 two years past, and can sale iy say, that foi all tie
 omeases that horses aie liable to, 1 never #nw its
 equal. I use about one Gjttie per month, and it
 eummend it to the public as the I e*t medicine loi
 hotels now in use. E D MINOR.
 AH orders addressed to the proprietor will fcs
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet ot the Agent, and »ee what won
 ders are accomplished by die use ol this medium*
 rsold by respeciab’e dealeis generally in the bru
 led states and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkiv.L. B
 Swam, W imlcu ic Yolkg, H. D. adi,
 Roclie»ter.
 ii Ik L Gaylord, Herideison&amp; Pan&gt;ler*on, Cl* v#
 land. O.; G Ding a Son, Columbus, O.; (iorei&lt;.o
 it laiael, Cincinnati, O.; McClure R Co, Alisiu
 iloiiisier Co, Bufialo, Gieenraan k &amp;inith, Lu
 lDOn is k Co, l roy, N 1 July Hi—tnu
 British Periodical Literature.
 /he London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh /uvuu.
 The North British Review, the Westminster Review
 and lUackwood’s E'hnburgh Magazine.
 THE w ide-.-pread fame of these spend id period!
 X cat# render# it needles* to say rnucu m tueu piime
 A# lit nary organ#, they stand tai 111 ati'.ance ot
 anyU&gt;mg ol the sort now pubihhed, wiiik die p it
 icat complexion ol each ut leaked by a chinny
 c inder, and toiGarance, not olten ffaund in woix*
 of a party character.
 I hey embrace the view* of the Urren great (airtu
 in Eng land —lory, hig, and Radical. Ilhuk
 w ocwl and the London Lf uarieily are 'l ory u.e
 Edinburgh Review V\ hg; md the We«tmui
 »ter Review Radi*at. Tie North British Re
 view i» more ot a religions character, having Gem
 jngumily edited by Dr. Ciia..uer», and now, suioe
 ins death, latiiig conducted l)v hi# *c,n-in-!aw, Dr
 liaruui, nssocuiMd with Sir David Brewster Ire
 literary charar &lt;er ia of the veiy highest or &lt;u Th*
 es'u in?tet, though recruited uu er ti.at tine o i&gt;
 is pub: weed in Lngianu Uu er ti.e title wi l lai lur
 Sign iiuaiteriy aud WeaUu.uvter—u being in Uc?
 union of tire two Review# formerly repubb.ireu no
 repriiil.-d under separate litre#, it h*#, ibtrrff.re,
 tire advantage 1.-y Uu# comb.nadou of voitmg u&lt; one
 work the best feature# ot heretofore »o*o
 The aboveTerrodicaJ*are repmrted iu New k ot*.,
 inmredtau-ly ou Ureir arrival bv the Biitiah sltuiwu.
 IS a beauulul clear type, 00 toe white paper, *u‘
 rrt faithful copies o( the ongiuais, i&gt;ia*.k
 Magazine, bciug au txUKlJaisiiu-ieol die Edratarfg-
 Million
 RJCtS FOR fc 49, (ir SCBitCRIECO FOR
 For any one ot lire low Reviews. ©3 'At per ant-jo
 Fur any two do 5 00
 For any turcre do 7 00
 For ah tour &lt;A the Rev ewa, 6 tJO
 h?&gt;r Riacawoou’s Magazure, 3 00
 h or Blackwood and tire 3 Reviews, 9 0W
 F or Blackwood Jc the 4 Review#, lu UU
 P ayrtit nit i, t nut as. m ail oases in ad vane*
 CLUBBING.
 I our copre* of any or At tne tbov* works wd! b
 lent to one addles# 00 payureut of lire regular jB
 KMiptioo tor Unee—tires tour to copy tstmg gran*
 EARLY COPIES
 A late arrangement with the British pub'i*h* r oi
 Hlnekwood’s Magazine *e&lt;;iues to ur sariy *i»re-U
 :hst kvi k. In .vhe.tr we siuiii Iso .tore to pi-rere L?°
 wsliie is uu# 1 1 the tcirn'r of suhscnlrer* Gtorv u«y
 ;*/!tsuti of it can ire reprinted in any ot tire Aarerreaii
 Jcannais. kot Uu# and other aotaiitagv# »c« uiv&lt;i to
 jut wbrctibsri we pay su Gigc a coesnlrt atron, Ura:
 we tnav be compelled to rare# the ol tire M*g
 cine. Tiretetore we repeat »übscribe vaiiy »iufe
 Ure price u tow.
 Re nitlHWe* sod cu» utitcjmia* siuj*&gt; i
 be addressed, post-paid ot li-ciireJ, toe *si#i*&lt;»,
 LEONARD liCOri' Abo..
 Td, Fulton tßreet, New York,
"
