"A 'iontkrracr’ft View ol Uol4 Dif|i&gt;(*
 The New Orleans Bulletin publishes the
 following extract of a letter, which the Rich
 mond Enquirer attributes 10 Dr. W J. Brent
 of New Orleans
 San Francisco. Sept. Ist, 1*49
 I have just returned from a trip to the gold
 tegion, and as the steamer start* within the
 hour. I haveonlv time to scratch a few lines
 to you Yon would like to hear somethin;;
 authentic and true about the gold. Well, I
 will teil you what I think, and ntv opinion i*
 formed from actual obeeivatioo. The whole
 country, tor a space of five or six hundred
 miles m more, is tilled with gold, take up a
 spadr lull of earth any where in ihe gold re
 gion. ami vou will find more or lew* of the
 metal in it. Although it exists in such abun
 dance, it is not to be obtained without great
 lilkk and loss of health. Laboring men who
 can stand the climate and work throughout
 the da\. can average from ten to sixteen dol-
 Uts a day—to do this they have to wotk as
 hard as any negiu on a cotton or sugar plan
 tation. Kxposed ,u&gt; the burning son, that no
 thermometer has ever been made long enough
 to matk its heat, had and unwholesome fond,
 and sleeping upon the ground at night, un
 sheltered from the dew you can see at once
 that disease is no stranger to persons thus ex
 posed. and death is not of rare occurrence.—
 I'here are but three classes ot individuals that
 can ever work these mine*, the Negro, Indian
 and Irish There is no mistake about the
 gold, and the newspaper stones you have
 seen ate not much magnified, yet to obtain it,
 lequires labor, and is attended with the utmost
 peril to health and life.
 l in. Lauokinc- o"»L**fcs.—.V move is ma
 king in New Yock to ameliorate the condi
 tion ot the laboring classes. Several large
 capitalists are at the head of it. A large
 ira&gt;-i of land is to be bought some fifteen miies
 from New York to build a new city upon.
 I'wo inti lions of dollars to be the capital.
 Ihe company are to build $30,000 worth ot
 brick houses at $3OO each, including the lot
 30 by 200. These houses are to he let ai
 ss* each to mechanics, or one dollar a week,
 which will pay 10 per cent on the capital.
 All the houses to Ire uniform each occupant
 to h3ie the right to purchase Ins house, by
 paying $2 a week and keeping up the inter
 est of 7 per cent, in this way, he gets a ti
 ile io Ins homestead in about six years. A
 negocialion is going on with the Hudson Riv
 er Railroad, that the occupants of these hou
 ses shall have the privilege to commute with
 the Railroad Company, for their passage to
 New Vork ami hack again, at a price not to
 exceed six cents a day, going and coming;
 the distance each way w ill not bn far from 15
 miles, at three cents a head. In this wav
 they can leach the city in half an hour. If
 10,ou(» laborers reside there, it would give
 the company $OOO a day, or $187,060a year
 i or. Detroit Fire Press.
 The Journeymen Tailor’s Clothing
 Bi«'ke, No. 89 Ann Sr., Boston.— Messrs.
 Kditors Your readers are aware that this
 -tore is alieady in existence, and of the very
 important and Christian principle on winch
 the associated journeymen work. The gar
 ments they turn out, for beauty, finish, and
 cheapness will compare, according to all ac
 counts, with any, and judging from my own
 experience, are superior to any. 1 have an
 outer garment made by them, which lor
 beauty, finish, and cost, will compare with
 my tiling of ils kind. Let any one who
 desires to patronize a worthy set of men strug
 pling for principle and their oppressed luetic
 mi, now ground down by an unjust system,
 yo, and while helping this association, bene
 fit themselves, ihe- works of these associa
 ted tailors indeed praise them.— Cm .of Essu
 h i tii/uin.
 f _________
 Arr ki ting Incidenr.— A friend tells us
 that, a tew Sabbath mornings ago, Mary, a
 poor colored woman, came to beg him to
 write a “proclamation" lor her. She said
 that hei only staler had been biought here
 thiee yeais ago by a trader from Alexandria,
 \a and sold. She herself was brought out
 lasi yeai, but her inquiries of her sister had
 b«en lruit)es» »he had at last prayed to Hod,
 an I it was impressed on her mind that she
 would hear ot her at chinch. Our friend
 wrote tfie name of the lost sister, where she
 wax from and who the had belonged to. The
 paper was handed to the minister, and after
 sermon he read it to his congregation, (of
 blacks,) and desired any one knowing such a
 sei vant to stand up. A woman rose in hei
 place —a shout of |oy w z as heard—and in a
 moment the two sister* w ere in each others
 aims. The worthy minister returned thanks,
 and spectators evinced their sympathy by a
 spontaneous contribution. The poor women
 had lived nearly two years on the same
 •quart', mourning each other as lost, without
 having met. They came rejoicing to thank
 our tnend, who savs that he never slept so
 sweetly as he did that night. And poor Marv
 manifests her gratitude by bringing him for
 bitakiast, every Sunday morning,piping hot,
 an old-fashioned Virginia hoe-cake such as no
 t rench pooh in Baiie or in New Oilcans can
 “■*ke. Last evening he received a i ash-coke
 bandaged with collard leaves, a mysterv a of
 the irginia evisine. enough to rouse t’lie
 gho*i of Apicius.— N. O. Delta.
 ■No Black Laws in Illinois. —The new
 constitution ol Illinois, adopted in 1847, has
 rhe lolhtu mg article
 I he General Assembly shall, at its hrst
 session under the amended constitution, pass
 micli laws as will effectually prohibit free per
 sons ol color emigrating to and settling in this
 'Male, and to effectually prevent the "owners
 ot slaves from bringing Ihem into this Simp
 tor the purpose of setting them free."
 In due tune the General Assembly held its
 fust session—discussed the subject—many
 ti lt ashamed of the provision—some said it i*-
 quired an impossibility, as they could nut pass
 •my Iju which would rffectualhj" prohibit
 tree p-c-ons of color from coming into the
 ai. and so tin* first session closed, and no
 ia.v was passed on the subject.— lndependent.
 irur Giur.—Frederick Douglass, in one
 ot his lecturing excursions, went to Honcoye
 f all, Ontario Co., N\ Y. Finding that im
 appointment had been made tor him, he was
 compelled cither to leave the place without a
 h. .ii ii, oi to seel; a house and proclaim the
 notice himself 1 lie time was short—the
 Min was nt-aily dow'u, and what he could do
 iuum be done quickly.—He lirst applied for
 the Methodist church, but alter much prevari
 cation u was refused. He then obtained the i
 lil a baM room at the hold, and liavjno
 borrowed a large dinner bell, went out with
 i into the street, and proclaimed ins own
 meciino 1 He Urns obtained a good audience
 who listened attentively to Ins message. This
 i« what we call genuine anli slavery r.t
 ffu pm -lateiy party may as well ‘knock un
 jet once, tor th»v cannot conquer a spirit
 jilt tins .4nt* Huglt
 New On i»vi, Nov ti&gt;-
 ixRKISLE ft l aaMSOa l F iWoSlu A
 itinble steamboat explosion occulted here
 i r t .emne
 Int steamer Louisiana, bound to ftt Cons,
 wiitn about tuning liotn her whall, huist
 both her boileta, shattiring her to atom* and
 alts, badly injuring the ateatustr* Storm and
 Boiuma, that were lying alongside
 I lit latuiiiin* su cruwdsil with passed
 t ti- as wete also the other two which had
 ju*i arrived.
 Ir it supposed that, altogether, 1* 0 h»es
 wait lost, betid* many wounded
 A treads fiitv &lt;lcad bodies have been rccov
 «ied
 Tbs J*tvee ,s atrewii with liie .lead jtlid I
 aod hundreds ol out eili/ens .me j
 round ihe rneiitie-liwly scene, ronderuig all
 r.t assittauce in then puwvi to ihe.**- tn
 oboin a Spark of file remains
 Dr ad bodies. leg*. »rm*. ami haadk. are
 scattered »n every direction, ami the ctpbt
 prewoitd meet* it re at prteoot m»-
p.vMihle to ascertain the names of *ho*e wlm
 are lost. As soon as they can be collected, i
 will forward vou another despatch
 apt am Kennon, of the steamer Louisiana,
 hia he* n artcMed ami held to bail in the sum
 ol $2,000. The explosion having been at
 tributed to &lt;*areles*ne««, a searching investi
 gation will shortly take place The number
 of killed, it is believ'd, wilt teach 200. be
 sides many dread fully wounded. 'lhe flip’s
 ot the shipping ar.- all at hall-mam
 An Ist, and ceueo to the I ft.— Mr
 Sqmer the L’. ft. Charge to the Central
 American Republics, ha* negotiated a neats
 with Hondo ra« by winch that Island is ceded
 1 1 to the I niteJ fttates, as will l»e »een hy ins
 circular, issued to the diplomatic agents of
 other Nltions in this country
 Legation or tut Km rur States, i
 In Central America, j
 lison de Nicaragua, ftppt 28, 1849. J
 Sir 1 have the honor to inform vou that
 j the Island of Tigro, in the Golf of Fonseca,
 has bean ceded to the Fruled fttates of North
 ,i America, by tin Republic of Honduras, for
 I the time pending constitutional action upon
 an existing convention between the two re-
 1 publics, and that, accotdinglv, speedy posses
 sion will be taken of the same,' upon behalf
 of the Fnittd States.
 The existing port and other regulations of
 j i the island will he continued until otherwise
 altered.
 I hav« also the honor to add. that the
 United Slates has acquired interests in the
 western islands and coasts of Honduras,
 I I which vs ill not permit her to look with indif
 ference upon anv measure which shall efiect
 the present order ol things in that quarter.
 lam, sir, with high consideration, your
 i oii’t an*-I* I hi i IKK
THE NORTH STAR.
 ROCHESTER, NOVEMBER 30, 1849.
 I
 Letter from the F.ditor.
 NO 11.
 alley Fall', Nov. Oltli 1819.
 1 must give voii anotlier letter instead ot an
 editorial arucle. Duly seem* to rei|uire my
 absence from home four or five weeks longer;
 my indulgent readers must, therefore, contin
 ue to cultivati that admirable vutue which
 the holy apostle declared, worketh experi
 ence. All win* really dcoire the North .Star
 to be sustained, will bear inv absence with in
 dulgent patience, since the pajw’r can be sus
 tained only by giving n a good subscription
 list, and this can be done only bv presenting
 its claims to the public, and soliciting subscri
 bers to it. I am not altogether unreconciled
 to this necessity. 'Hie paper is in good hands
 during inv absVnct*. Mr. l)ick has already
 shown himself to be fuiiv equal to the task ot
 making a readable and useful paper. To his
 admirable taste and discriminating judgment
 in selecting matter fot its coluuin.s, the North
 Siai' has boon lot main months indebted
 and the fact that the contributions from bis
 pen, have been ficquentlv copied into other
 i papers with approval, proves him to he a
 j workman that needeth not to he ashamed.
 With the valuable service of Mr l).ek at
 i Rochester, and uh.it I can do for it while
 traveling ami lectuiing. tire, paper will not
 cease lo he inteie-tmg and iiawful to its read
 |er«.
 Since the annual meeting ot the Rhode Is
 land Anti Sluvety S.icu-u lit Id in Prov .deuce,
 1 I have visited and held meeting;* m fhepa
 !diet, Richmond. lv (Ireenwirh. These meet
 inn® were not veiy well att. tided I have al

 so, hi companv u nit inv 'cetltcd lin-nd and
 co-worker 1' L. Kemond, attended meetings
 in New Bedford, l ull Rive,. Pawtucket, and
 alley Falls. Tin--e have all beet pood
 l meetings, and have no doubt been ot ..ome
 ‘service to the cause o| the lave. The meet
 mgs in New Redbud, wen- held on Sunday
 afternoon ami evening, and wen* especially
 j interesting and giatilyiug. Friend Kemond
 made in tin' evening one ol Ins best speeches,
 ,and was listened to with llnf very liest alien
 lion.
 A visit to New Bedford ot itself a treat
 to me. Besides the pleasure ot meeting there
 many dear anti-slavery eoadiulors in the glo
 rious cause ol Ireeduiu, and being warmed and
 cheered on in the righteous work ol liber
 ty —most of llie readers ol the Ntilth Star
 will reineuibci that that city was the lirst to
 offer in tlm wnter, sheltei Irom the cold au
 tumii il sloim®. aftci his escape from the house
 j of bondage that it was there I hrst felt
 at liberty to pa‘u*e (dr rest in inv rapid
 (light from the fetter, tin.' wliip and chain.
 1 never visit New Bedford w ithout having the
 I who!.* circumstance ol my happy escape
 himiglit vividlv before me. I well remember
 the intense anxiety, the licpidaliun and alarm
 i with which I walked up and down its streets
 jin jiuisiiit ol emplovinciit. looking behind
 i me at every lew paces, appiehending tjie ap
 proach ol some two-iegged bloodhound on
 my track, l or more tliau six months was i
 haunted by such tears. I’ho leelmg. howev
 !cr, gradually died a vay, and I liecame toler
 |abl\ contented and satisfied with my saeltv
 It was in New Bedford that I earned the firs
 dollar that 1 could call mv own. It w.»&gt; there
 that 1 commenced the career &lt;d a man and a
 |citizen. It is the birthplace o| three -ut my
 dear dub!ren. It wa» on the wharves of
 I New Bedtord in the capacity ol a common la
 borer, that the Anti Slavery cause found me,
 i ami summoned me forth 10 defend the lights
 j and to some extent vindicate the dignity of
 j niy oppressed and plundered people, in no
 {town more than to New Bedtoid, have I had
 the sympathy an support ot my eoloted breth
 ren they have stood by me, and clir°red and
 strengthened me in mv dibits. On the pres
 ent v isji they showed the same interest in the
 cause ot Ireedom and elevation, which they
 have manifested tor ihe iast eleven yeats.
 .uveslig.tiion into the chaiarter amlroii
 duct ot the colored people ot New lirdloid
 would be sufficient io ietuie ail ttie ‘Under
 1 ind cobweb sopt.t9trv «*l mir enemies No
 mat. or, iu„|c upon that population and see
 it 1 order. neatness, industry and honesty,
 Without u kiiuW ledgitik' it ,t libeilv i« the true
 elr-mem i ui th,. til il k as wr-li a* for the w hile
 nun 1 tie colored g«ople ol that place, are
 mosilv lium i|i&gt; southern Stale*, amt a major
 ilv ot itieiu tiave worn the yoke ol boriJaga,
 die gallmg &lt;-hain of •Uwtrv 1 tsev came to
 Bcdtoid p. ol Iriendies*. without money,
 education nr recommendation—they &lt;;une in
 face i bitter prejudice of it,, community, and
 to Ikui up under a donate 100 ro d for soutlt
 fcni constitution', -ni.-t ij to ttie i tr,ct&amp;e ot
 1 1 cedom—stranger# to the lights and duties
 jot ciliaen*, yet, unJur lues*- and man, mhei
 disadvantages. I .entuie lo adum without ito
 sbphte-l l.'al ol foul! idif lion, that p, ~p|«
 (freer Irom none, more upuqhi m then &lt;i« &gt;1
 tugs, no or tbdual.mua u&lt; then habile and
 {more neat in vheir poisons, than are t|a color
e&lt;i people of New Bedford, cannot be foead
 among tbe working daaees of uj town or
 city in il*e American Union. I contemplate
 the colored people of that place with virteoes
 ptide, and point the slaveholders at tbe Sooth
 and their allies at tbe North, to that people as
 an emphatic denial and a lulling refetatioo of
 all their malignant slanders. Some of tbe
 most successful w halemen out of tbe port of
 N**n Bedford are colored men- There are
 among them, not only good sailors, (men wbe
 command the highest wages) bat good navi
 gators, capable of takiog a skip safely to any
 quarter of tbe globe. There are ef these in-
 I Industrious and eoterplising men, not fewer
 than forty now in California. They bate
 I nhown themselves as keenly alive to tbo at
 tractions of gold as their white fellow-dtiaens.
 1 am glad of this proof of s common origin—
 a common identity. While in New* Bedford
 1 had the pleasure of perusing several letters
 fiom a number of old and intimate colored
 friends now in the gold region. Those let-j
 lers gave me a far more fsvorahfl impression
 as to (he probable success of the gold hunter
 than any letters which I have seen floating
 about m the newspapers.' It is quite evident
 from these interesting letters, that the wealth
 1 of (’alifoima is, as it ought to be, shared by
 colored as well as white men. Not one of
 the company of colored persons from New
 Bedford expresses any regret at going to
 California, and ail seem delighted with the
 prospect before them.
 hoi once I/iWi has found a place wham it
 I bids lair to be amply rewarded. The soft
 j handed thinker is there, no match for the
 hard fisted worker. The black man can dig
 gold as well as the white man. Why won’t
 the ('ulouization Society send some of its vie*
 lims to California instead of sending them all
 to Liberia l If it would do the former, and
 I leave nit the latter, it would be far more like
 ly to convince the colored people of its disin
 t tercsted desire to benefit their condition, than
 any efforts now making are likely to do. But
 here 1 must close as in a few minutes it will
 1 be too late to reach in time lor the paper.
 1 —F. 0.
 a
 California—Another Compromise.
 The very unexpected intelligence received
 a loitnight ago from California, that the Con
 vention assembled at Monterey, had agreed
 upon a Constitution, by which Slavery and
 involuntary servitude, flicept for dime,
 should be for ever excluded from the state of
 California, lias been on all hands looked upon
 with distrust. It was thought too good news
 to be true The more one leflects upon the
 circumstances in which that form of constitu
 tion was agreed to, the more suspicious does
 the case appear. Ist. The section of the
 constitution excluding slavery was agreed to
 at once unanimously and without discussion,
 i bis’, to say the least, was very singular.
 The Convention was composed of forty-eight
 members—twenty-five from the Southern
 States—some of them known slaveholders,
 ami twenty three from the Northern States,
 all ot whom, it cannot be supposed, were very
 fine 1 nends of freedom. 2nd. The opinion
 ol the Smth with respect to slavery in Cal
 ifornia, has not been kept secret. Reverdy
 Johnson, we conceive, expressed it when he
 ?aid. that “the climate and soil are well adap
 ted in slaveiy,” and that it must and would
 »&lt;i tn aiilornia. At all political meetings
 in the Southern -States, the right—not only
 the unfit, but tbe determination ot slavehol
 dels in can v tlo ir property to California has
 for the last twelve months been one of the
 mo i productive topics of declamation.—
 MJ. Slaves have lieen carried into California,
 under the impression that they would he as
 sate to their owners there, as in any of the
 slave Stales and they are there now, and
 doubtless slaves still. Lastly. The place
 i where tbe Convention was held—namely
 Monterey is fai distant troin the centre of pop
 n)ai tun, and peculiarly accessible to govern
 ment officials, patronage and influence. How
 under all these circumstances so peculiarly
 encouraging to opposition, the anti-tlavety
 section refeired to, could he allowed to pass
 without discussion and unanimously remains
 a mystery.
 Still further, the doings of the Administra
 tion, icspecting California, with scarcely an
 attempt at dissimulation, have all pointed to
 a different icault. The head of the Admin
 istration is currently reported (and there has
 been nothing in his course before ot aince hia
 election to the Presidential chair, which a£
 fords any contradiction to the report) when
 at the beginning of March laat, a Bill tot the
 establishment of a government in California ,tn
 which there was no provision against slavery,
 was before the House, to have uaed his in
 fluence hi favor ot the measure. The nu
 melons officers and agents sent by the gov
 ernment iu California, have been without a
 known exception, if not strongly biased in fa
 vor ot slavery. at heat, negative on the sub
 ject, and of course ready to fall in with any
 scheme however iniquitous, which was
 thought to have the sanction of their princi
 pals at home. But especially by the appoint
 ment ef Mi. King, of Georgia, a double-dyed
 slaveholder and au unblushing advocate of
 slavery, to what was named a mioeralogtcal
 survey, but what seems now to have been a
 secret political mission, has the Administra
 tion given evidence of its intentions on the
 subject of slavery in California.
 Have the intentions of government been
 fiu strafed’ If slavery, by the action of the
 -i .'onvenijon, is forever excluded from Caltfor
 nia, they undoubtedly have. Dm that such
 will nut be the case, is now abundantly appa
 tent. The slaveiy members of the Conven
 tion probably knew ibis, and therefore did net
 manifest any anxiety on the subject.
 But the late news from California requires
 confirmation It is possible that the action of
 the Committee may be tsverged by the final
 action ot the t onveqtioc it is also possible
 that California, with us present boundary, will
 be admitted into the Union, as a free Stale.
 We ;»v this »s possible, but we are not saa
 gui/ie enough to think that tl is likely. Sla
 veiy baa never yet tailed, cither,by open or
 cancelled measures, to get all that it has ask
 i ed and it will not tail now What it cas
 ual accomplish by chicanery sad conning it
 will accomplish by bravado and bluster
 Cilflfcun and hu company &lt;4 Soothers Demo
 unts are now in the field, threatening dime
 iierinem and all that if they are exclodad
 from 'aJiiwriua. W ith that Harlequin ver
 i sauitty u hk h is always chacaeaeostic at the
 accomplished puktimnn, they have sees fit to
 j change their optmoe upon Stale law. Their
position is not now the cemparauvelT modes
 me that etch State must decide for it*d
 whether or not it will admit slavery but ths
 the people of California, and of course of eve
 ry othea Territory of the Uehed States. hav&lt;
 oe more rifht to exclude slavery than Con
 gross has; and that not until California ha
 become a State, has she any right to regular
 her domestic policy. Immediately on lb
 heels of this Southern manifesto, appear pat
 agraphs in tap official papers, from the ash
 iegton letter writers, proposing a Compru
 mice. It is discovered that California, will
 its praaant boundary, is too large for on
 Stale; that it must be divided into three, au&lt;
 that a Bill will be inttoduced into the Senate
 which will provide first, for the esiablishmen
 of four territorial governments, to wit Ist
 that for New Mexico; 2d, that for Deseret
 3d, that of California, north of 36 deg. 3
 min., and weal of Deseret, and 4th, the pat
 of California south of 36 deg. 30 min.
 “It will also ptovide that the territory uotll
 of 36 deg. 30 min. shall be authorized forth
 with io form a State Constitution, and sha
 be admitted Also, that a ne\
 State shall bejßWhe same lime, admitte
 from the eastern part of Texas, aud south r
 36 deg. 30 min. The bill will not settle th
 boundary between Texas and New Mexicc
 bat will provide that the question be submit
 tad to a board of commissioners.” This pr
 ject, it is said, will be supported by leading
 men of both parlies, and is beginniug to tin
 favor at Washington.”
 Peihaps these flying tumors are all lal*
 Possibly they are nothing more than the usu:
 gossip with which W ashing ton correspondent
 amuse their readers but in the circumstance
 they carry only a too sorrowful air of prob.i
 bility. M^pnwhile the papers are full of thi
 rumored compromise; and what is rather re
 markable, the Whigs are unusually busy gi\
 ing currency to the explosions of Souther
 bluster, and in magnifying their importance
 and the danger likely to accrue, if the demand
 of the South are resisted coupled alway
 with the expression of a hope that no cans
 will supervene to endanger the harmony o
 the Union.
 The fears and suspicions expressed above
 may be unfounded We fervently pray tha
 they may be; but in judging of the acts n
 slaveholders, and calculating the probability
 of slavery extension, experience has showi
 that it is impossible to be ovei cautious am
 fearful. Compromise is the American hobby
 The chance in favor of a whole measure
 where a compromise can be effected, is a ver
 small one. The excuse for ibis new compto
 mise, if one should be made, will be the dan
 ger of dismemberment We are sorry to bi
 compelled to confess that we do not imagim
 this danger to be nearly so great as mam
 doughface Northerners would have it believ
 ed. Fbr our part, we should be happy to bi
 delivered from the burden, curse, and innder
 able shame of every slave State in the Union
 The Not them States would Jose noth
 ing, and gain much by such a result, ttu
 this [will not be. The South, with all he
 bluster, knows well, how weak she would b&lt;
 without the strong arm of the North to suj)
 pert her in wickedness and oppression. Comi
 what will—compromise or no compromise—
 union or dissolution, we are still for fteedoii
 for the slave —for justice for all.—j. o.
 A Dark Transaction.— A correspondeu
 of one of our exchanges puts the follow in'
 case:—
 ‘‘We have been in a quandary here übnu
 a recent dark transaction, which occurrei
 thus Major Jones of Virginia, ow ns a blacl
 hone, spirited and fine. He also owns seve
 tal colored individuals, ‘fat and sleek.’ Om
 day Cuff, a colored chattel, mounted the blacl
 hone, and put for Pennsylvania. He was
 arrested, and taken back on the charge o
 stealing the horse and abdvctmg himself. No
 long after, Ralph, anoiher ebony chattel, wa:
 riding said horse to pasture, when the hit!
 gave way, 3nd the said four-legged chattel
 supposing he was going through the sam&lt;
 exercise that be was whipped through a few
 days before, put straight for said Abo/itior
 stable in Pennsylvania.—Query Is not th&lt;
 Horse chattel io this case clearly liable for ab
 ducting the man chattel, ami can Major Jones
 even under the laws of Virginia, plant an ac
 tion against either
 We do not know what the law of Vug mu
 may be and a does not matter a great deal
 for the/sode of a slave State cannot reasonably
 be expected to be either very just or very wise
 But speaking rationally on the subject, w&lt;
 should suppose that whether the properly ii
 biped or quadruped, make? an particular dif
 fereoce. If the horse ought not to be punish
 ed for running away with the man, neithei
 ought the man to be punished for running
 away with the horse. There is, or uught t&lt;
 be, as much ground for supposing design n
 tlie one case as in the other. It there war
 intelligent design on the part of the man, thee
 the case is clear that he was sinned againsi
 by being transformed into unintelligent prop
 erty and the mere circumstance of his taking
 whst is his own, is no offence against eithei
 law or equity. But what are we doing'—
 Reduced to the necessity of proving that man
 is not property Shame' shame' America 1
 and yet your constant topic is the equality nl
 man For the sake of consistency, do, we
 beseech you, cease from the one, or abjure the
 other!—j. o.
 ColoretioßiA in tux Chlslu. —The bil
 lowing illustration of Christianity as practi
 cally illustrated in this country, we take fiorn
 the Chronotype. Out upon ihe hypocrites
 Outwardly, they are devout and holy—‘‘whi
 ted sepulchres inwardly, full of ail unclean
 neas and wickedness The command of the
 New Testament, a? read by these “Mstho
 &lt;hau,” would seem to be not “Love,” but
 hate, injure, and ir.soh 'one another”! If
 anything ever naggers our oelief io Christian
 ity, it Will be the practical infidelity of Chris
 tians But the paragraph tells as own story
 Cavaca F allow smp—A colored mao
 well known to thn city as an honest man and
 thnsuan, l naan of good drees and address,
 wee invited, on the afternoon of Sunday be
 we last, to attend meeting to the church in
 ***®®T*t etreet, lately purchased, and now
 worshipped, or worshipped in, by the Metho-
 He accepted the lovitatioo, and when
 tfce beib rang, wended bis way with the mul
 where he supposed “the poor have
 the gospel preached unto them.' After wait
 ing some tune w the eouy ot the cbqnph for
 friend to come, the sexton waited upon
 hua to his own new in ths gsllery. the
 stranger had hardly set down when a voice in
 the neat pew was heard to my, “Whst is
 that nigger here for The sexton beard the
 t*eelt. hut being an anti-slavery man, passed
 fifthy mouthed hypocritical worshipper
 wMh silent contempt, and in a few inomeou
 tntnnmd with hie own faimlj, and seated
I the® in the nne pew with the colored gc»
 f tlt inat)
 Shun I v after, a tuaa who bile* a** l
 the mx tun'a pew, and which, by the way
 was mt taken up, came in ar&lt;i before taking
 r hie own wat, had the audacity to order tb«
 colored man oat of the tej ton's pcwjjgffig
 s inquiring Who put the nigger in UmLI
 He was told that a pew boldei pot ine mat
 therr. He then said, “i will not bate bid
 there,” and at the sam« time, opening ih«
 door, ordeted him out.” The colored man
 accompanied by ih* family of tlie
 the pew and the church. These facte sTI
 enough for the prcw&gt;ni.
 i
 J The “North Otar,'' a rabid anti-Slfter;
 paper, published at Rochester, N Vt^fcMSt
 to us marked "please txchfingt.' Mr
 I Frederick Douglas*, ihe editor, and Johi
 Dick, tlu?publisher of said paper, ygj£assur&lt;
 ua that they are not tuggers,” “JLJL'U lc
 cepi tlieir proposal.
 The Batesviile (Aik Eagle, a dippy
 1 shabby looking, Imie tout and a halt aquart
 concern, filled up almost wholly with adver
 1 tisements, has tl»i*» notice of us. ery won
 J detful, is it not, that such a great Eagle shoulf
 make so condescending an offer 1 On sight o
 k the paper, we do confess to having had saint
 misgivings about our proposal, aud a sligh
 inclination to back out. On further reflection
 however, upon the honor done ns by the Fa
 gle (no leva than that of making us the sub
 jecl ol one of its longest editorials) we re9olv
 ed to make the best of our bargain. \V&lt;
 |j might have got over even this difficulty bu
 there w|g still another obstacle, which w&lt;
 etiuld bv no means overcome. Irwastht
 j thought that the Eagle might consider u
 mean. It is not pleasant to be thought meai
 s by any one least of all, is it pleasant to b
 S thought mean by men of such true nobiltt'
 and manliness as the citizens of Arkansas
 9 They arc all lionorable men They would a
 soon think of flying to the moon, as of takm&lt;
 any mean advantage of any one' Were oni
 to charge them with stealing from a poor de
 spised black man, they would treat him witl
 9 well merited contempt, if not with a coat o
 9 tar and feathers' Were one to charge then
 with stealing the black man himself, and evei
 women and children, he might think himsel
 fortunate if lie escaped hanging on the highes
 tree. How very dreadful it would be, to b&lt;
 1 considered mean, by even one such honorabli
 man We dared not run the risk As t&lt;
 5 the proviso mentioned by the Eagle, we an
 1 fully aware of its impoi lance We shouli
 have imagined, however, that uhenthpedi
 tot was on the subject of provisoes, he might
 with gieal propriety, have added one or tvvi
 more He might, for example, have require*
 an assurance from us, previous to granting th&lt;
 great fawn of an exchange with his Lillipu
 tian sheet, that we were over six feet high
 that we were not marked with the small pox
 that we were long, lank, lean, hungry-look
 ing; that we were red-haired, that we had
 hawk-nose that we wrote with a gold pen
 that we did not cease to smoke, chew, am
 spit continually that we could handle a cat
 o-nine tails; that—that, in short, we were
 1 man exactly after the heait of the Batesvilh
 Eagle made to order, without a soeck of ani
 but real Saxon or Norman blood in our veins
 All these conditions the editor of the Eagl
 might have required. They are all, to ou
 thinking, quite as germane to the case of ou
 1 ability to make a good newspaper, as the very
 important proviso mentioned. Wemn«?t tak«
 a little time to arrange our answer. \V&lt;
 it
 should be very aoiry indeed to make any mi»
 take A blunder here would rum us forever
 Fortunately there is no necessity lor haste.—
 I Rome was not built in a day. 'We will in
 form the editor of the Fag/e by and bye, if hi
 will confess his inability to find out for him
 self. Meanwhile, we will try to keep ou
 j faces as white as we conveniently can an&lt;
 r if the editor of the Eagle should still suspec
 us of being somewhat too dark, we may re
 mind him that (lie blackness ot his heart, be
 mp as he is to the extent of his mean ability
 the vile pandei tor and supporter of the rnfa
 toons system of .-lavery, will bring him a
 j least to *a level with the darkness of our color
 So there vvr ieaye the matter, (to quote th&lt;
 j veiy elegant and classic Latin of the Eagle
 j in another equally able editorial immediately
 I following the one we have given above,) ir
 "statu e &lt;juo —j. j).
 Lectures at Corinthian Hall.
 i he Athena-um Association have announe
 ed a series ot lecture to he delivered in the
 course of this y\inter, by a number of the
 most eminent literary and scientific men o
 the country The hrst was delivered or
 Monday of last v*%k, by Hon. Horace Mann
 ,i of Massachusetts, the able successor of Johr
 Quincy Adams, in Congress This lecturt
 was earnest, eloquent, and interesting-; arm
 we judge cannot fail in have been suggestive
 of much serious and usetul reflection, on the
 part of those who listened. The lecturer at
 tacked ihe prevalent vices of the age, and
 especially tho*e most prominent in this count
 ry, with an unsparing hand. He was justly
 sever** upon gluttony, drunkenuess, and
 vicious indulgence showing that only whils
 tri obedience to the laws of Nature, which are
 the laws ol God, can man attain to any high
 1 deg:**e ol intelligence, vutiie, or happiness
 Ihe lecture by (inn Casa, on Thursday
 evening, wa- a different sort of affair It
 was full of the growth and greatness ot
 America, and her institutions doubtless ill
 very true, but not on that account any the
 less flattering to Jonathan's vanity, which
 Heaven knows needs no flattery. There was
 also a very frequent reference to Leonidas,
 Aristides, Theimopylar, Are,—reminding us
 altogether too forcibly of the essay ot a school
 boy who has just read his second Latin book
 at school The lecturer s name drew a very
 j litge and taabknablc crowd, who appeared
 interred and mstructed We do not know
 I whit was the General a subject, or whether
 he bi J any particular subject. Besides
 Amencs, Leonidas, and Tbemopyhr, be
 talked at considerable length cf the Egyptian
 pyramids, and the wonders of ancient art
 Were it not presumptuous in us to character
 ize the effort of such a man as Geo Case,
 who has long bees before, and is well known
 to the world, we should call it—Nothing in
 particular, hut s rehash of many things. Will
 our friends the Hunks® forgive us for speak*
 tog thus plainly about their idol 1 Oh dear
 i. o.
 Mob* Annexaiio&lt;i —El Sight XIX s
 founts! published is the city of Mexico, u
 advocating the annexation of the Mexicai
 Republic to the United States.
ColorphoUi Ike EtUrtil aai o«
 the Rlm.-Kewirkible lutaace ia
 tke Itevr Yark Mad Atyhaaa.
 An English lad; sad her sister, who are
 now in ibis coontry and bare moral courage
 aVI strength of character amply sufficient to
 enable them to encounter and to reaisi
 the all-prevailing sins of American colorpho
 Ibis and prejudice, give the following graphic
 account of their recent experiences
 New Yoax, Nov. 26th 1549
 We left Rochester, as you know, about a
 week since, with a little colored boy about
 five years of age, and took the cars to Alba
 ny. We were amused on the way in watch
 ing the countenances of our fellow travelers,
 how their brows knitted with astonishment
 when then eyes fell on the happy face of the
 child, and they made the discovery that hia
 skin was dark. Reproach and scorn were
 next depicted on those unhappy, haggard,
 anxious faces, and they looked at us with
 an expression that said “Who on earth are
 you*” One person daring the day, having
 more Christian charity than his neighbors,
 thinking that we did not look quite out of out
 minds, suggested the query, “was the little
 boy lor sale*” The boy was happily uncon
 scious of his color being anything to be mar
 vclef) at, and looked all his enemies in the
 face with the puie trust and confidence ol
 childhood. We reached Albanv in due time,
 and the steamboat “Oregon’* was awaiting
 the train. We started down the Hudson riv
 er about 1-2 past 8 o'clock, and the general
 Saloon becamtTTl once the scene of excite
 ment. There were two white ladies and a
 little colored child in company Of course
 the lad could not join'us at the suppet table
 we weie not disposed to fight the battle on
 this occasion, so we went down without him
 we had the privilege of sendingour little friend
 some supper, and he (we suppose on accounl
 of his tender age) had the privilege of eating
 it in the saloon. “Where have they picked
 him up*” w -s the question whispered by all.
 \Ye, however, were much fatigued with out
 long day's journey and soon put an end to the
 scene by retiring to our sleeping apartment.
 We have met, since our arrival in this city,
 with an instance of colorphobla in a quartei
 where we least expected it. We accompa
 nied a friend to visit the Asylum for the blind,
 and there wc most certainly encountered
 blindness of a two-fold nature. A death had
 occurred in the establishment on the day wt
 visited it, and we were consequently informed
 that we could not then go over the Institution,
 but feeling tired with our walk, we seated
 ourselves in the pailor, where there were six
 or eight young ladies, inmates of the Institu
 tion at work. We were introduced as fneods
 from England, and chatted with these blind
 ladies during our stay. We asked several
 questions about the establishment, its rules
 and regulations who were numbered among
 its distinguished visitors* The names el
 Henry Clay and Lewis Cass were mentioned.
 Just as we were preparing to leave, one ol
 our party asked, “Are blind colored chil
 dren admitted here Some say that the eyes
 are the seat of expression, but could you have
 beheld the malevolence and animosity eviden
 ced in those sightless faces, on this question
 being put, you would not be of that opinion.
 “We never used to have colored people/’
 was the rejoinder, “now we have five or six
 but ihey are not allowed to board in this es
 tablishment, and we never associate with
 them, they are kept by themselves, and are
 taught .separately.” Then followed, on the
 part uf these young ladies, a simultaneous
 hurst of indignation against the colored peo
 ple in general, suppressed murmurs that they
 had ever been brought from Africa, the trou
 ble they cause in this country, and vehement
 declarations that they would never sit at ta
 ble with colored people and on no account
 would they consentjto marry one of them. One
 of out party endeavored to impress upon the
 minds of these doubly blind ladies the extreme
 folly and sin of their present cruel prejudice
 against their colored brethren aud sisters, and
 we trust that our visit to the Blind Asylum
 has not altogether been in vain.
 Calvin Fairbanks la Baftelo.
 Buffalo, Nov. 20, 1840.
 I FaentiucK Douglass: Okas Sir: it
 may be a pleasure to you tu learn that we
 have been favored with a visit from that
 tried and faithful friend of the slave, Calvin
 Faiibank's, who in 1844 was sentenced to fif-
 I teen years imprisonment in the State of
 Kentucky, for aiding in the escape of Lewis
 Hayden aud family, from the Prison House
 of Bondage.
 Mr. Fairbanka through the clemency of
 Goy. Crittenden, was pardoned and teleased
 froiy his lonesome dungeon on the twenty
 third day of August 1849, and ia now on
 his way to wait his l’nends and relatives. He
 anived in out city on Thursday last, and notice
 being immediately given, a public meeting
 wan held in the evening, which was largely
 attended aud an unusual degree of interest
 manifested. On Friday evening a meeting
 was also held, and the house crowded with
 anxious listeners, at which time Mr. F. gave
 i a history of his impusonmeni and, the causes
 which led thereto. f
 On Salfbaib evening a meelinJ’ was held
 in Clintun Hall, (the largest Halt in the
 city,) at which not much leas than one thou
 sand persons present of both white aud colored
 Thus we have had very profitable and ioterest
 j mg meetings.
 Out cause u just, and will triumph.
 GEORGE WEIR Jr.
 Fbom LiaxaiA.—The U. S. sloop-ot-war
 Decatur armed below Portsmouth on the
 14th instant, from the Coast A
 I letter to the Boston Pott, from one of heir
 officers, gives accooats from the Republic of
 Liberia to the 23d of September. The writer
 says
 “The Republic seems tube in s flourishing
 condition, considering ihat.t it peopled almost
 •onrely by slaves who have been liberated m
 our southern states It bae*a liberal constitu
 tion, wholesome laws, two newspapers,
 cbuiches of various denominations, and well
 conducted schools
 A general election bad taken place a short
 tune before we left President Roberta, who
 is every way qualified lot the Cluel Lsgistra
 ey, was re-elected. Of Vice-Preside:. i there
 was no election by the people, sad the choice
 devolves on Congress, which convenes ibis
 winter. It was rendered quite probable
 Mr. Warner, the p resent Secretary of c tale. I
 would be choose.
 “They base a ludietous tar id, bat have
 sec yet pocf'cisd all the neeeafery arrases
 meats fit the c 'flection of delies oo imports.
 Their ceomeice is begieeiu to hTwmh
 looking after/’
r«MMith Aaeiveisnrr off Ur Rhode
 WmJ AaiUSUwif Social).
 Iha Rhode Island Anti-Slavery Society
 n»et in Mechanics Hall. Providence, on Wed
 neaday morning, Not. l4th, l»4*
 The meeting was called to order hy G*eorge
 1&lt;- Clarita, a ice President ot ihu Society,
 and \N m. B. Sarrtngton *js chosen .Secret*,
 ry, pro tern.
 C C. Burleigh opened the discussion* by
 forcible speech upon the past progress and
 present standing of the Anti-Slavery cause
 giving encouraging and cheering facts illus
 trative of that progress.
 Frederick Douglass followed in a similar
 tone, and was succeeded by Dr. Walter Chan
 ning, of Boston, who added further facts mark
 ing our progress, and commented with satis
 faction upon the recent intelligence of the
 unanimous adoption of an Anti-Slavery Stale
 Constitution by the people of California
 The Society then adjourned to meet at 2 1-2
 o’clock, P. M. Daniel Mitchr i was chosen
 President pro tem C. M. Burleigh, Secre
 tary pro tem and a Business Committee
 consisting of the following persons, was ap
 pointed.
 Frederick Douglass, C C. Burleigh, Afro.
 L. Clarke, Rev. Mlrtin Cheney, Mary B
 Clark, James Adams Mr. Cheney declining
 A. R. James was sulwtituted in his pface
 Mrs. Little read a letter from a frienj
 charging the Society with treating the Unit*
 rians as Christians, and on that ground de
 clining to act with it. Mr. Cheney gave a
 hearty greeting to the abolitionists present *t
 their meeting once again to mingle then sym
 pathies and counsels and labors for the good
 cause; though he was not a member of the
 Society, and knew not that he agreed with
 them in every point, he hoped that no dis
 couragement or difficulty would dishearten its
 members, or prompt the thought of disbanding
 the organization. He vindicated the Society
 from the objection of the letter just read, amt
 rejoiced that on its platform no distinction oi
 sect was know; that Baptists, Methodists.
 Unitarians, Universalists, Quakers, and men
 of every other sect, stood togethei as men and
 abolitionists. After some informal and inei
 dental discussion between Mr. Cheney, Kav
 Potter, and C. C. Burleigh. Mr. C. contin
 ued his remarks at 9ome length, denouncing
 the Colonization Society, and appealing to ev
 ery abolitionist by his love to the slave, the
 country and humanity, to continue the agua
 tion of thorough, uncompromising, anti-slave
 ty principles, until we have an anti-slavery
 Congress, and anti-slavery Literature, an an
 ti-slavery Press, and Pulpit, and Church, an.',
 an anti-slavery Nation—until the last vestige
 of slavery is swept from the earth.
 The Business Committee reported the resn
 lutions, Nos. 1 and 2, which were accepted foi
 discussion. The annua! report was then read
 by the Secretary, a Financial Committee
 consisting of the following persons was ap
 pointed
 Thomas Davis, Damei Mitchell, D. B Hat
 ris, C. M. Burleigh, and F. Douglass
 After further remarks by F. Douglass, C
 C. Burleigh, and Ray Potter, the Society ad
 journed to meet again hi the evening.
 Cvening, the Society met as adjourned,
 Daniel Mitchell in the Chair. Resolution
 N*. 4, handed in to the Business Commute,
 by some stranger, was read. C. C. Burleigh
 •poke at length in support of resolution No
 1; affirming the necessity of the anti-slavery
 agitation to keep up the tone of the political
 movement against slavery. C. L. Remond
 followed in support of the sar .e resolution
 recounting some evidences of the growing
 anti-slave y sentiment of the country, and
 urging an increase of anti-ala very zeal and
 action. George 'Bradburn supported reeolu
 tion No. 1, and opposed that avowing the
 doctrine of no union with no slaveholders.—
 The meeting was concluded hy a powerful
 speech from Frederick Douglass, urging all
 abolitionists to press on with the great moral
 anti-slavery movement, leaving the political
 movement to follow on behind as it must ol‘
 necessity and showing that no political party
 can lift the people above their moral condi
 tion, or hope to sueeeed without adopting the
 policy of availability. He declared the pur
 pose ot the people of color to remain in the
 country, whether well or ill treated, and nev
 er go to Liberia, and appealed to the whites ro
 so treat them as to secure their friendship and
 sympathy. The negroes could not be kicked
 and cuffed and abused without being made
 enemies. 1 his nation had four million* ot
 enemies in its own heart, made so by its own
 actios. It had the power to convert them m
 to friends, and why should it not do so hy re,
 •peeling and protecting their rights. Mr. D.
 closed by a quotation from Burns—
 Then let us prav, that .-owe it may,
 As come it will, tor a’ that,
 That man to man, the world all o'er,
 Shall Blithers be for a* that.’*
 Thursday morning the Society met again
 at 10 o'clock, Daniel Mitchell in the Chair
 The minutes and resolutions having been read,
 resolution No. 5 was presented by C. M. Bur
 leigh, and followed by remarks on the pro
 grees of the anti-slavery cause, and the ert
 couragemenu to hope and labor in it* behalf.
 Frederick Douglass Resented the claims oi
 the North Star, and was supported by re
 marks in its favor by C. L. Remond, Mr.
 Cheney, and C. C. Burleigh, after which a
 Nominating CouuniUee was appointed.
 C. C. Burleigh, on behalf of the Busiuess
 Committee, introduced the senes of resolu
 none numbered 6,7, b, iu, 11, 12. They
 were received for discussion, when the Socie
 ty adjourned to meet again at half-past two
 2 12 o’clock, P M Met according to ad
 journment. At the opening of the meeting
 remarks were made by C. M. Burleigh, on
 the importance of an increase of zeal, activity
 and liberality, in support of our cause ap
 pealing to the abolitioniata present to give to
 the Society the means for a more efficient agi
 tation of the debate for the ensuing year
 Reaoluuoo Ne. 3 waa then offered &gt;y Geo. L-
 Ctarke, who also presented the Treasurer
 report, showing a trilling balance against the
 Soc.ety, and brought up the subject of 'Fi
 nance.
 While the Financial Com run fee were taking
 pledgee and donation* io u*u Society, the
 ■testing was farther addressed by C. L Re
 need and others.
 The following list ot officers «a« reported
 by the Noeueennff Committee and unanimous
 ly adopted
 President— Jow- Baows, oi fcvsi Green
 wich
 1« Vice President— Gao L Claiks, of
 Pxmdcoee.
"
