"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Kimto*
VOL 11. NO. 50.
The NORTH sTAR i* published ever)
 Frida&gt;, at No. Bttfi'aK* stteet,
 Oppotdt the Art adt
 TERM*.
 I dolUra fir •nntun, ahpiy* a&lt;lt eitcv.
 •uibxi n*ivu will be received toi a lea* term that
 &gt;ix month*
 Advertiserwtrts not exceeding te« ianerter
 itree uone* lot one dollar; every *ubae&lt;iuein maer
 ticn, twenty -five cents.
The obj*N-t of tht North Star will be to atucl
 slavery in all its forms tod aspect*; udvocsti
 iTlvißtit Emaßcifatiow exalt the Mandati
 &lt;t p-utUiC morality, promote the moral and tnteMee
 ijai iiupioremerit ot ibe CoIoRLD People an&lt;
 r.«!te:i the day ot FREEDOM to the Thru
 XiLLi-'*&gt; &gt;1 iir enslaved fellow couonymen
I ÜbLISHERU NOTICES.
 tfT All conirnitm cation* relating to the btinw,
 dam of the paper, mcnifs «&gt;l sw**er liters, remit
 ui.ce*, ic., should be addressed to John Dick
 Publisher.
 Age»f#,s»nd hII other* •ending namei, an
 requested to iui’uuie, ttn&lt;i u* give the Pott yflut
 the Count}/, and tlu.- Stoir. Each Subscriber i* im
 mediately credited tin- monev receircd
 &amp;r Any person f -,-u Hug m payment tor tour tab
 •cnbeis to be f Hoarded to rnip address, raa;
 have n fifth copy lor o. t tear
 ft/* All rtUtu a.n o commuaicaiions must be pos
 ped-
i IST OF AGENTS.
 ?&gt;Usi4CHDjETT!.— R. F. Wallcut, 21, Cornhill
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatii
 W. Foster, l/cv.'cll; Jawes N. Bultum, Lynn
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth; Davidßugglcs,North
 mnpton.
 Connecticut.-- Jon*. Leonard, New Haven.
 New York.—Sydney 11. Gav, 142, Na«ta
 Street; James M’Cuno Smith, 98, West Broad
 *ay; Joseph Post, Westbury, Queen County; Ma
 iy Harper, Albany, Elias iloty, Macedon; Wil
 ett» Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. E. PGtt
 Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; L. L. Plait, Bath
 Rhode Ist and. —Araarancy Paine .Providence
 Ptnnsylvania.—J. M. AT Kim, 81, Non
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; G. W Gomes, 8, i s
 change Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Wm
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, Net
 Brighton.
 OHIO. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentin
 Nicholson, Harvey sburgh, Warren County Samut
 Brooke, Salem
 Michigan. —Rolen Banks, Detroit
S elections.
From the New Vork Evening Post.
 SLAVERY OR TREASON.
 have often had occasion to re
 mind our tender-footed democratic
 Brethren at the North, who were as
 much opposed as any one” to the ex
 tension of slavery, but who were unwil
 ling to wound the sensibilities of their
 Southern allies, by making opposition
 ♦hereto a party test, that they had nev
 er experienced the same forbearance
 irom the South We have brought to
 their notice from time to time, the dec
 larations made by the legislatures of
 five or six Southern States, that under
 "do political necessity whatever” would
 they support any candidate Jot* any pub
 iic office, who nesitated about the pro
 priety of extending slavery to the new’
 territories; ond more recently we have
 referred to the adoption and ratification
 of the famous Address ot the Southern
 Members of Congress, 5 by nearly ev
 ery county convention in every south
 ern State, whereby they severally re
 solved to resist with violence any" at
 tempt to euforce the docilities ul the
 Jeffersonian ordinance. Our record
 would not be complete, i! ive were to
 overlook the proceedings o! a Slate
 Convention lately held at Jackson,
 Mississippi, the perusal ot which, must
 prove highly gratifying to the anti-test
 section of the New York Democracy.
 At the conclusion of an address of
 some length, in winch the divine origin
 and purposes are vouched for, after the
 tashion of the chivalry school, the fol
 lowing resolutions were adopted, among
 others, with entire unanimity
 Resolved, That Congress has no
 power to pass any law abolishing slave
 ly in the District of Columbia, or to
 prohibit the slave-trade between the
 several States, or to prohibit the intro
 duction of slavery into the territories of
 the United States, and that the passage
 by Congress of any such law, would
 not only be a dangrous violation of the
 Constitution, but w ould afford evidence
 of a fixed and deliberate design on the
 part of that body, to inti rlure with the
 institution of slavery m the States.
 Thai we would regard the passage
 oy Congress of the “Wilmut Proviso’ 1
 which would in effect, deprive the citi
 zens of the slaveholding States of an
 eijual participation in the territories ac
 quired equally by their blood and treas
 ure,) as an nnjust and insulting dis
 crimination to which these States can
 not, without political degradation, submit
 and to which this Convention, repre
 senting the feelings and opinions ol the
 people of Mississippi, solemnly deolan
 buy anil not subnut.
 That the passage of the Wilmot Pro
 viso, or of,any law abolishing slavery
 in the District of Columbia, by the
 Congres of the United States, would o;
 itself, be such a breach ol the Federa
 compact as, in that event, will make ti
 the auty, us it is the right of the slave
 holding States, to take care o) their owt
 'ufety, and to treat the non-slate ho I ding
 States as enemies to the slaveholding
 States and their do i ms tic institutions.
 That the Legislature is hereby re
 quested to pass such laws as may, if
 their opinion, be best calculated to en
 courage the emigration ot citizens o
 the slaveholding States, with slaves, t(
 the new territories of the United States
 That, in view of the frequent and in
 creasing evidence of the determinatior
 of the people of the
 States to disregard the guaranties of tin
 Constitution, and to agitate the subjec
 of slavery, both in and out of Congress
 avowedly for the purpose of effecting
 *U abolition tfi the States; and also 11
 new of the facts set forth m the lan
 Address of the Southern Members o
 Congress this Convention proclaim
 the deliberate conviction that the tim*
 lih&lt; arrived when the southern stale
 should take counsel together for thet
 evnaon safety; and that a Conventioi
THE NORTH STAR.
'of the slaveholding States should be
 held at Nashville, Tennessee, on the
 hrst Monday in June next, to devise and
 1 adopt some mode of resistance to these
 aggressions; and that this Convention
 j do appoint twelve delegates and twelve
 1 alternates, being double the number of
 our Senators and Representatives in
 Congress—to attend such Convention,
 and that the other eleveholding States
 be invited to appoint delegates agrees*
 j bly to the same ratio of representation.
 That we recommend to the Legisla
 ture of this State, that at its neat ses
 sion, a law be enacted making it the
 duty of the Governor of the State, by
 proclamation, to call a general Conven
 tion of the State, and to issue writs of
 I election based apon the ratio of repre
 j sentation in the State Legislature, upon
 the passage by Congress of the “Wil
 mot Proviso,” or any law abolishing
 slavery in the District of Columbia, or
 prohibiting the slave-trade between the
 States, to take into consideration the
 act of aggression, and the mode and
 measure of redress,”
 It is a little singular that the valiant
 Pistols of the South, who get together
 and bluster behind such newspaper ar
 i tiliery as the above, never discover the
 absurdity of complaining of the North
 for violating the constitution, when they
 never open their own mouths at a pub
 lic meeting, without speaking enough
 treason to hang them. It has never
 been proposed by any political party at
 the North to attempt to interfere with
 slavery or any other institution, except
 in a constitutional mode, to be deter
 mined upon by the representatives of
 •t the people in Congress assembled.—
 j The North expects in all things to abide
 by the will of the people as expressed
 through constitutional channels, uor has
 1 it ever been proposed among us, as far
 as we know; to modify the laws or in
 stitutions of the country by any other
 process.
 j Nearly every one of the slave Stales,
 on the other hand, have threatened so
 frequently to abandon th,e Unioo, and
 i set up as independent nations, during
 {the past half century, that it is now ta
 ken as a matter of course, whenever
 the southern representatives find them
 i selves voting in a minority, that the
 Union is to be dissolved straightway.
 Of course, nothing of the sort has
 ever occurred, or ever will occur, and
 if and the impotence, inconsistency and
 ■j folly of those who make such threats,
 are becoming more conspicuous every
 i tune they are repeated. And yet there
 are those at the North who think we
 t; ought not to agitate aqy question about
 which the south differs with us, because
 iHrritates the feelings of southern wo
 ple and provokes sectional confWwmr
 sies. Then we may as well withdraw
 our northern representatives from Con
 gress. The southern people are not
 educated to abide by the will of the ma
 jority They cannot reconcile them
 selves to the supremacy of any law by
 which they imagine their own interests
 are not to be promoted. And it is idle
 to suppose that the rights of the North
 j can be preserved, if northern statesmen
 are td be silent, whenever southern
 politicians fhreaten disunion Here
 within the current month, we have the
 State of Mississippi resolving in a State
 convention, not to submit to the Con
 stitution of the United States a single
 moment, after a majority of the mem
 bers of Congress shall have prohibited
 the introduction of slaves into Califor
 nia, and recommending the Governor
 to be required, upon the occurrence of
 such an event, to order an election of
 an independent legislature for the State
 jof Mississippi. What pretence or mo
 tive has Mississippi, for promulgating
 treason like this? Why, according to
 the address of the delegates, to abolish
 slavery from the territories, is to pre
 r vent an advance in the price of slave
 I property in the States. The planter,
 I with a hundred slaves, may not be able
 to sell them for ten percent, more than
 they will bring at present, unless the
 California market is opened to them.—
 This may be a very good reason to slave
 owners for resisting, by all constitution*
 al means, the exclusion of slavery from
 California, but it is a contemptible pre
 text for practising treason. Had Mas
 sachusetts or Pennsylvania threatened
 1 to leave the Union, and to set up inde
 pendent governments while the tarif
 bill of 1646 was pending, they coulc
 have justified themselves upon as higl
 ground as Mississippi can justify the
 adoption of the resolutions we quoted
 Indeed the pecuniary loss sustained b;
 them from the exchange of the tariff o
 ]64‘2 for that of 1846 was undoubted!;
 much greater than will be sustained b;
 any two southern States, from the ex
 clusion of slavery from the territories
 It never occurred, however, to the citi
 zens of either of those States toque*
 lion the supremacy of the law, or t&lt;
 relax in their devotion to the Union, foi
 they are educated to believe that wist
 1 governments are instituted fortbe great
 est good of the greatest number, ant
 that it is the first duty of a minority t&lt;
 learn to obey.
 When the southern States learn thest
 1 important truths we shall all get oi
 much more pleasantly together
 tr at hat N. H Independent Dctnoau
 MORE TREASON!
 It does seem as though our ‘South
 «rn bretbern’ were doomed to see m
 end to the plots and conspiraciei
 against their Godmrdamed institution
 No sooner is one plot discovered ao&lt;
 punished, than out hatches another
 more fearful than the other How Irui
 Mt must be that ‘the Lord loveth sln
 r very, seeing ‘He chasteneth its apos
 i lies unceasingly* 'll apP*«™ th
 t only South Carolina, but Tennesaet
 r also has fallen into the scourge of ab
 olition treachery. A eettain
 i j dust clergyman, Rev. J W. Markham
RIGHT IS OF NO SKX—TRI'TH IS OF NO i'OLOH— GOD 13 THE FATHER OF 63 ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1849.
‘not having the fear of the Slavehol
 der’s God before his eyes,’ dared say
 j io the hearing of two or three ‘South
 J em Christians, near Batesville* Ten
 nessee, that the slavery of olden time
 j was a different kind of slmetry to tha
 amongst as/’ This, coming to the ear
 of one of hts Methodist clerical breth
 ren, Ret A. Hunter that ‘faithful ahep
 1 herd,’ thinking the ‘Church of Chris
 I in danger from such damnable here
 sies,’ feels bound to come out and de
 nounce his brother as an ‘abolitionist
 and 'stirrer up of sedition/ This h&lt;
 does in the Nashville Christian Advo
 cate’ To which, it seems, the accuse*
 Mr Markham responds, by denyinj
 that he is aa ‘abolitionist.* Tho se
 quel, together with she ‘proofstrong a
 holy writ,’ will be seen in the commu
 nication of Rev. John Cowle, and th&lt;
 certificates of Mrs. Luciana Totty an*
 others. Who after reading these, wil
 hesitate to cry out, ‘Great is the hoi;
 institution of slavery, and glorious i
 the Christianity that sustains it."*
 REPORT
 Of the Committee on tfie boundary of the jni
 posed State of California, in Convention
 Sept. 18, 1849.
 Mr. President: The Committee t
 whom was referred the subject of th
 boundary of the State of California i
 accordance with a resolution of thi
 House requiring the appointment of
 Committee of Five to report what i
 tbeir opinion should constitute th
 boundary of the State of California
 have had the same under consideratio
 and beg leave to report the following
 Your Committee are of the opinio
 that the present boundary of Californi
 comprehends a tract of country entire
 ly too extensive for one State, and tha
 there are various other forcible reason
 why that .boundary should not be adop
 ted by this Convention. The area i
 the country included with the presen
 boundary is estimated to be 448,69
 square miles, which is nearly equal t
 to that of all the non-slaveholdin
 States of the Union, and which, deduct
 in# the area of lowa, is greater tha
 half of all the residue of the non-slave
 holding States.
 Your Committee are of the opinio
 that a country like this, extending alon
 the coast nearly 1,000, miles and mor
 than 1,200 into the interior, cannot b
 conveniently or faiily represented in
 State Legislature here, especially as
 greater part of the interior is eutirel
 cut off’from the country on the coas
 by the Sierra Nevada, a continuou
 chain of lofty mountains, which is cot
 ered with snow, and is wholly impasss
 ble pearly nine months in tbs. year.
 Yolir’ComrhTftee are also of the opir
 ion that the country included within th
 boundary of this territory as now cs
 tablished, must ultimately be divide
 and subdivided into several differer
 States, which divisions and subdivk
 ions (should the present boundary b
 adopted) would be very likely to d
 vest the State of California of a value
 ble portion of her sea coast. You
 Committee are therefore of the opin
 ion that a boundary should now be fb
 ed upon which will entirely preclude th
 possibility of such a result in future.-
 Another important reason, which ha
 aided very much in producing the cor
 elusion to which your Committee hav
 arrived, is predicated upon the fac
 that there is already a vast settlemei
 in a remote portion of this territory
 the population of which is variously e
 timated to be from 15,000 to 30,0(
 human souls who are not represente
 in this Convention, and who, perbap
 do not desire to be represented here.
 The religious peculiarities of the*
 people and the very fact of their ha*
 ing selected that remote and isolate
 region as a permanent home, woul
 seem to warrant the conclusion thi
 they desire no direct political connet
 with us, and it is possible and high!
 probable in the opinion of your Con
 mittee, that measures have been, c
 are now being taken, by these peopl
 for the establishment of a Territorie
 Government for themselves.
 For the above and forgeoing reason
 your Committee are of the opinion the
 the following should constitute th
 boundary of the state of California
 vii:
 Commencing at the northeast corne
 !of the State at the intersection of tb*
 parallell cf latitude 42 degrees norti
 I with the parallel of longitude 116 west
 thence south upon and along that par
 allel ot longitude to the boundary lin&lt;
 between the United States and Mexi
 co, established by the treaty of peace
 ratified by the said Governments a
 Queretara, on the 30th day of May
 1848; thence west, upon and along th&lt;
 said boundary line to the Pacific ocean:
 thence in a northerly direction, follow
 ing the course of tbe Pacific coast tc
 the said parallel of 42 degrees nortli
 latitude, extending one marine league
 I into the sea from the southern to the
 northern boundary, and including all
 the lavs, harbors and islands adjacent
 i to the said coast, and thence east from
 •the said coast at latitude 42 degrees
 north, uponj aud along that parallel ol
 latitude to tbo place of beginning. AU
 ot* which is respectfully submitted.
 VI, U A Phnii*mnn
WASHINGTON ON SLAVERY.
 Charles Snmner, in a letter to tti
 Boston Atlas, presents the fotJowin
 1 views and sentiments of W asbiogtc
 ion Slavery aod Emancipation
 -1 He has nevertheless i roust I say a
 croud of slaves; but they are trea
 e( j with the greatest humanity; wsli le
 1 well clothed, and kept to moderate It
 bor, they bless God without ceasm
 for bn ing given them so goodg roaste
 j it is a task M&lt;*ky
 ited, ao pure, aad so disinterested, i
 si /if v r/'« i*&gt;
begin rerolution in Virginia, to pv
 pare the way for the emancipation
 the negroes Tbit great man dads
 ed to me that be rejoiced at wfcat w
 doing in other States on this subject;*
 that be sincerely desired tbe extinctu
 of it in his own country; hot be d
 not dissemble that it was dangerous
 strike too vigorously at a prejudii
 which had begun to diminish; that tin
 patience and information would'sure
 vanquish it. Almost all the Virgi
 ians, he added, believe that tbe blad
 cannot toon become general. This
 the reason why they wish not to form
 society which may give dangerous idea
 to their aiipee. -There is auqther ol
 stacle; the great plantations of whic
 the State is composed, render it necei
 sary for men to live so dispersed, thi
 frequent meetings of a society wou!
 be difficult.
 I replied that the Virginians were i
 error, that evidently, sooner or )at&lt;
 the negroes would obtain their libert
 everywhere. It is then for tbe intei
 est of your countrymen to prepare th
 way to such a revolution, by endeavoi
 ing to reconcile the restitution of th
 rights of the blacks with the intere:
 of the whites. The means necessai
 to be taken to this effect can only b
 the work of a Society and it is worth
 the savior of America to put himself i
 their head, and to open tbe door of lii
 erty to three hundred thousand unha;
 py beings of hia own State. He toi
 me that he desired the formation of
 society and that he would second it bi
 that he did not think the moment favoi
 j able.*’ [Conversations of Washing
 ton, in the Travels of Brissot de Wai
 ville, in the U. S. in 1788, translate
 and published in 1792.]
 “I can only say that there is not
 man living who wishes more sincere!
 than I do to see a plan adopted for th
 abolition of it [Slavery;] but there i
 j only one proper and effectual mod* b
 which it can be accomplished, and tin
 by legislative authority; and this c
 fur as my suffrage trill go shall ntvtrl
 wanting.” [Letter of Washington t
 i Robert Morris, April 12, 1786.]
 .1 The benevolence of your heart
 my dear Marquis is so conspicuous up
 on all occasions, that 1 never wonde
 at any fresh proofs of it; but your lat
 purchase of an estate in the Colony
 Cayenne, with the view of emancipa
 ting the Slaves on it, is a generous an
 noble proof of your humanity. Woul
 to God a like spirit might diffuse itse
 generally into the minds of the peopl
 of this country. But 1 despair of see
 ing it. Some petitions were presente
 to the Assembly, at its last session, fa
 the abolition of slavery, but
 scarcely obtain tt redwing To set th
 slaves afloat at once would, I really be
 lieve, be productive of much inconve
 nience and mischief; but by degrees 1
 certainly might and assuredly ought to b
 effected and that too by legislative as
 tkoriiy.” [Letter to Lafayette, Ma
 10, 1786.]
 I never mean unless some particu
 lar circumstance should compel me t
 it, to possess another slave by put
 chase, tt being among my first wishes t
 see some plan adopted by which slaver
 in this country may be abolished by law.
 I [Letter to John F. Mercer, Sept
 1786.]
 From what I have said, you pet
 ceive, that the present prices of lan
 i in Pennsylvania are higher than the
 are in Maryland and Virginia, althoug
 they are not of a superior quality

 [among other reasons] because ther
 are laws here for the gradual abolitio
 oj slavery, which neither of the tw
 States above mentioned have at pres
 ent, but which nothing is more certai
 I that they must have aiid at a period nt
 remote [Letter to Sir John Sinclaii
 (Dec. 11, 1786.]
 Upon the decease of my wife, it i
 my desire that all the slaves whom
 hold in my own right shall receive thei
 freedom. To emancipate them durin
 her life, would, though earnestly wisl
 ed by me, be attended by each insupen
 ble difficulties, on account of their ii
 termixture by marriage with the doa
 er negroes, as to excite the most pail
 ful sensations, it not disagreeable coi
 sequences to the latter, while both d&lt;
 scriptions are in the occupancy of tt
 i same proprietor, if not being in in
 i power, under the tenure by which tt
 dower negroes are held to manum
 them. Aid I d
 I moreover, most pointedly end most so
 tmnly enjoin ii on my executors herea
 ter named or ike survivors cf them, to s
 that this clause rapectmg slaves, a*
 t every part thereof be religiously fulfill*
 at the epoch at which it is directed to ta
 J place, without evasion, neglect or del*
 after tbe crops which may then be
 the ground are harvested, particular
 i as respects the aged and infirm, ee
 i ing that a regular and permanent (lii
 i be established for their support, as loi
 i as they are subjects requiring it, n
 I trusting to the uncertain provisionomm
 by individuals.” [Washington's Wi
 i dated July fck» 1790—[1909.]
 M To the above we take the liberty
 f; add the following from a letter to L
 f fayette, dated April stb, 1783*
 “The scheme, my dear Marqui
 which you propose as a precedent
 encourage the emancipation of tl
 black people in this country ffroro th
 state of bondage in which they are hel
 Mis a striking evidence of tha benev
 f ience of year heart. 1 shall be bap;
 1 to join von M rt laudable a work, b
 will defer *1
 buisueaa tillf have the pleasure of pa
 i DB 7 V
 THE STATE OF DBSEHET.
 A letter from the valley of the gre
 Salt Lake, the enthrsi pomt a# tl
 Mormon elate of Deeevet, gives eoi
i- idea of the resources and progress
 »f that strange people in their new abo&lt;
 r- The cay is situated in a beautil
 m vaUey, eighteen Bailee in width. T
 houses, principally built of sue dri
 n brick, are email, moat of them ban
 d only one room. The town is laid c
 o in square* of onl/ tea acres. The
 0 squares are laid off in one and a qai
 ter ac?e lots, making 8 lota in o
 v square. These lots coat the surreyii
 h and recording, which is $1,25. Ti
 streets are very wide—the city m abo
 three miles square.
 a 1 have been over the valley for 12
 s 13 milef —a more delightful place,
 never s|w k and a more productive sc
 b I suppose cannot be found for whe«
 They have a large field belonging i
 t the town—of two thousand acres, whic
 j is all one field—in consequence of ti
 scarcity of timber, each man puttin
 3 up so many rods entitles him to so mac
 r acres in the field. They water the
 y grain by means of springs which gut
 out of the mountain side almost will
 e out number, the heads of the sprinj
 being so high they can conduct the
 e to any part of the valley.
 t I saw in walks, wheat that the se
 f tiers say will yield 50 bushels to tl
 2 acre. I believe if any wheat will
 f it this will. It is about as high as
 t man’s head, and as thick as it can stem
 In this field there are 5000 acres
 wheat, and 1000 of corn, the balan&lt;
 1 is not cultivated. I saw places whei
 a man could cradle through four mih
 t of new wheat as high as his head, witi
 out turning to the right or left. The
 have more wheat than they will cut, f&lt;
 the farmers cannot cut it. There ai
 1 a lot of men about the camps wfc
 would rathsr skin and traffic aroum
 i than work for five dollars per day.-
 r They are now in the midst of the who
 i harvest. I was offered five dollars (i
 s gold dust) per day to cradle. Thei
 r are warm springs here, which ai
 i healthy to bathe in. The populatic
 of this valley is six thousand.
A DUMB MINISTRY—A SLAVESEI
 LING PARSON.
 Correspondence of the True Democrat.
 Washington. Oct. 26, 1849.
 Mb. Democrat —l listened a wee
 *i ago last Sabbath to a sermon preache
 by one of the Presbyterian clergyme
 of this city, upon the text—“ Pure an
 undejiled religion before God and tl
 Father is this, to visit the fatherless, an
 the widow in their afflictionSfc. Th
 minister drew a contrast ofourbtg
 condition with that of heathen coui
 tries. We enjoy the pure religion sp&lt;
 ken of m thAAttti could **t under o»
 own Vine ana njgtree and read God
 Holy Word, with none to molest
 make afraid, while they were deprive
 of the Bible, and thousands upon thou
 sands of them were prohibited froi
 hearing its sacred truths, and kne'
 nothing of the social enjoyments of lift
 Oh! the poor heathen, thought I! ho'
 wretched! how degraded! My symps
 thies were just beginning to flow ou
 toward them, .when 1 cast my ey
 across the Potomac, and thought ofth
 poor heathen there, Bnd from thenc
 to the slave pens a few squares distac
 where men, women and children wer
 kept for the slave-inarket, and deprive
 of God’s word, and he who presume
 to (each them to read the Bible or an
 other book, is subjected to the penal
 ties of the law as a criminal. Am
 this in our free country, under the ver
 windows of those churches, where me
 set themselves up as God’s ambassi
 dors, and dare not even pray for tb
 heathen here, who sigh in therr captiv
 ity, and shake their maAtcles unde
 their very eyes, is rooit
 while this poor timid specimen of ht
 inanity was telling his hetrers abot
 the poor heathen, a wagon load of mei
 and women were driven down Pent
 sylvania Avenue, manacled togetlt^
 and taken to a slave pen near the Caj
 itol, there to remain until an opportt
 nity is offered to ship them for that hi
 des of slaves—the cotton fields of th
 South. These things are of frequei
 occurrence here, ar* well known to tl)
 watchmen on the walla of Zion, as
 yet they dare not utter a word again
 such abominations. The slaves i
 throngs, might shake their chains i
 every church door in the city, evei
 t Sabbath, and the ministers, poor, wea
 t coward*, would merely desire, perba|
 that such exciting subjects might be n
 moved for away from them so that the
 may cot be aiaturbed in their dev&lt;
 e tIODS.
 I A Baptiet minister who preach*
 l here every Sabbath, purchased a sis'
 e woman a short time since, for tbn
 hundred dollars, with an express ui
 demanding that she would be sold a
 f of the District. The woman beii
 somewhat fractious—as be says—wi
 j sold by this hoary headed divine, f&lt;
 five hundred dollars to the slave di
 j ver. She was taken to the slave pt
 t is now in the Southern market there
 spend the remainder of her days, fi
 from home, her fondly and friends, si
 3 from thence she wdl go to the jt»d|
 r meat, to appear as a swiff witoe
 against this divine who arises from tl
 table of the Lord to speculate in tl
 o souls and bodies of men, women ai
 t children. What a commentary up*
 t Christianity! and whet a dark stain u
 on the ministry of the country who fe
 to cry out against such abomination!
 r The church and ministry, as a genet
 l thing, are for behind the world in Its r
 e buke of sack damnable wholesale an
 The ministry if sustained by the pop
 lar voice dare ores smelly speak oa
 but if not, they are ns dumb as B
 foam’s ass. Such wan oat Paul, m
 such whs not his Master. Mar.
 1 rf,.
 A minuter
of ear holy religion, evincing s love 1
 e- foe neighbor, by making mercbandi
 b) of him riskt here at the capital of tl
 ie word-renowned republic Infideli
 •d scoff* at such,a religion, and the de
 ig would blush W own its ministers,
 it minister of Christ! You might wi
 is equal propriety talk of a sie-harden
 r- saint, or a religious devil, as to ei
 ie that man a Got set minister who roak
 g merchandise of God’s image in tl
 is Diatrict.
 it Isthere nothing left foe Free Soil«
 ter the settlement of the Califora
 ir question?—Think ofit ye narrow min
 ed Hunkers who taunt us, and cry o
 j one ideaism Till.thai one idea haci
 I ed up by human ns well as Almigh
 0 power, finda a lodgment in the heat
 of the ministry, in the church, the n
 e tion, and sweeps a way all the old refiij
 of lies of the old corrupt parties, tl
 mission of Free Soil is uot accor
 r plished
 l More anon. E. L. S.
ELIHU BURR IT.
 ;s
 in Rev. Warren Burton, at the Wt
 conje Home Meeting, thus referred
 t- the Apostle of Peace:
 ie About 12 years ago, there came fro
 to a little obscure town of Ct., on fo
 a travelling 120 miles to Boston, a youi
 1. man about 26 years of age H
 of while laboring at the anvil many hou
 :e of the day, and as thousands and te
 •e of thousands and millions of otiier in
 &gt;s chanics can do, aad I hope will d
 i. spent the leisure hours of the niornir
 y and evening in study.
 &gt;r He found that he had learned out
 e little Connecticut, and he sought whe
 o he could find more books, and bool
 that would open to him those lofty ai
 hidden treasures of literature,- whi&lt;
 it his heart and head coveted; —and 1
 n sought the nearest point where he su|
 e posed a vessel might be found bound
 e the Eastern Continent, that and ther
 n amid those old cities, and laid up am
 those mighty libraries—that there 1
 might find the books his own connti
 could not supply. On reaching Bo
 ton, he found, to his disappointmen
 no ship going out. He knew nobod;
 He was in the largest human wi
 derness into which he had ever wande
 k ed. There, depressed in heart, ac
 d equally depressed in pocket, he kne
 n not what to do—which way to turn
 d whom to ask. Passing through Cori
 e hill, and accidentally stepping into son
 dof the antiquarian book-stores—l thin
 e into Barnum’s, his eye fell on the ca
 h alogue of the antiquarian Library
 i- this city. Here, he said is what
 want. And towards Worcester he turi
 v ed hnvteps Sq foot. Hb kecsnesA
 ried. He became faith: He b6cari
 &gt;r despondent. And iff tiffs state abt
 d with a wagon came along, and makin
 inquiry whither he was going, four
 n he was bound for Worcester. Thebe
 v consented to let him ride, the youn
 man offering his old silver watch i
 p ‘!r e came to Worcester. Hfe kne
 t nobody. Nobody knew him. Ever;
 e thing was strange. He had not th
 o key to put into tha‘. Library door an
 e open its treasures. All he could d
 1 was to go, with his humble attire, as
 e have been told, to a blacksmith’s sho|
 d and putting hia foot upon the anvil an
 s his hand upon the bellows, asked th
 Y foreman whether he would like to hit
 someone very cheap? [Great sens*
 I tion.] He did not like to trust to th
 Y chance of being refused without th
 0 proviso—he would work very chea|
 [One of Mr. Burrit’s old employei
 e was Vice-President of this meeting.]
 Tne roaster at first employed for ver
 t how wages. And there he labored, an
 labored on for months. And there h
 /found access to the treasures his bea;
 coveted. And you know the rest, Ii
 3) dies and gentlemen. (Enthusiast!
 cheering.)
 r And now after having entered on th
 great enterprise of peace—havin
 scattered his Olive Leaves as m
 i- has intimated broad-cast ov&lt;
 e one continent, and with a strong arn
 it flung them three thousand miles to ai
 other, so that tney alighted there—a
 &lt;1 ter having crossed the ocean ao
 d marched them to one common ceuti
 o' as it were, under the guidance of the
 distinguished men—after having a&lt;
 y j complished what others did not area
 kjof, he now comes back to you, bori
 in the hollow of the band of Providen*
 and he is in oor midst, fCheers
 7 What a change! What a contrast!!

 MR. WE BOTE It ON POPULAR GO'
 ERNMENT.
 ie It is a common sentiment, distribute
 i* by those who would revolutionize Ei
 •t rope, that to be free you have only
 g mu it. That 1s a fallacy. There mu
 ts be prudence and a balancing of depai
 &gt;r meets, and there mutt be persons wl
 i- «i)| teach the science of goveromen
 n and there are but few, except tn tk
 to country, who can teach that sciene
 if And we have arrived at this ability I
 id an experience of a hundred years.•
 And how has it come? Why, we a
 •s an off-shoot of the British constitotio
 ie We came here and established (X
 ie government by a great popular print
 id pit, and that is by Representativepovt
 &gt;0 ud oar people have been accustom
 p- to this for two hsedred%ears.
 ir To abide by the voice of tbe Re pi
 jseeouvea fairly chosen—by tbe edit
 ml ef thcee who make tbe legislative eo*
 A meM*. hw our policy. And fn
 e. tbe first settlement of the colonv at P
 u- mouth through all oar sufr—
 feiocted the power of theJPs
 .»ment That was So hn Adetp 1 do
 b triner And this h tbe rcaso* why tl
 re Parliament was hot alluded io in tl
 of Decfonfbo ef Independence. Tl
JOfflf DICL Poausata.
WHOLE NO. 102.
for colonies acknowledged the power of iJ
 iw crown, but never acknowledging tl
 bin authority of the Parliament, the/ di
 dained to give any reason for thrown
 vU off the power of Parliament.
 A When the revolution severed us fra
 ith the mother country, then we bed nod
 ed mg to do but to go on with Oar election
 all supplying tbe Governors not appoint!
 e* by the crown, by our own election, si
 ils to go on as at &amp;nt; and that it m
 which enabled the colonies of Conn*
 if. ticot and Rhode Island, down to a vet
 tia late period, to continue their anoiei
 d- constitutions.
 ut But where else could this be Coul
 hr &gt;Ou go to the. colonies of South Ajner
 ty ca to find any thing like a represent!
 u» tire government'?
 a- If you look any where beaidas
 je France on the continent of Europe, ca
 fie you find anything that bears the aspei
 n- of a representative government 3 Ther
 is nothing.
 It is very difficult to establish a fre&lt;
 conservative government for the equi
 advancement of all the interest of 90c
 ety. What has Germany done—lean
 ed Germany, fuller of ancient lore tha
 10 all the world beside? What has Ital
 done? wlist have they done who live 0
 m the spot where Cicero and Justinia
 ut lived? They have not the power 1
 ’S self-government which a common town
 meeting possess. (Applause.)
 ra Now, I say, that those persons wh
 13 have gone from our town meetings t
 e dig gold in California are more fit t
 make a republican government tha
 •8 any body of men in Germany, becaus
 they have learned this one great lessor
 ol that there is no security without law
 re and that under the circumstances i
 which they are placed, where there i
 *d no military authority to cut their throati
 and there is no will but the will of th
 ie majority—that therefore if they remai
 3 they must submit to that will.
 10 It is the prevalence of this genera
 3 sentiment of obedience to law—tha
 'd they must have representatives, am
 ,e that if they be fairly choben, their edic
 y will stand for law. And where the
 have our habits, you will tind that the
 l j will establish government upon th
 1 foundation of a free basis, and nothinj
 H else will.
 r Now; I think, gentlemen, that whili
 d I we prescribe no forms—while we die
 w tate to nobody, our mission is to shot
 ,r j that a constitutional representative gov
 ernment, founded on the freest posaibl
 10 principles, can do—can do, for the ad
 k vancement of general morals, and fo
 l the general advancement of prosperity
 as much as any other government can
 I Gentlemen, two tbioge are to b
 guarded. One great truth is, that mm
 Hwr 1 Wgo «r*»«*pai&gt;!e
 19 self-gqvernment—that the judgment«
 7 equal rights is a practicable thing, an
 8 that freedom is not a dangerous thin,
 d for a body politic. And the other ji
 y that freedom from restraint, it not Free
 S dorn—that licentiousness—the discharg
 n from moral duties and that genera
 scramble which leads the idle and th
 w extravagant to hope for a time wtiei
 r they may put their hands into the!
 e neighbors’ pockets—call it what yOl
 d please—it is tyranny. It is no matte
 0 whether the Emperor of Turkey rob
 I his subject of his property—or whether
 under the notion of equal rights, th
 d property earned by another shall be ta
 ken from him by a majority. I wowl
 e not choose the latter. On the cootra
 t- ry, give me Turkey, fori would prtfe
 one despot to ten thousand.
KENTUCKY CONVENTION—SLA
 s TESY.
 y We insert the following extract fron
 d speech of Mr. Tcrmsb, in the Ken
 tucky Convention, merely on aceoum
 rt of the statistics respecting the alav&lt;
 [m population in that State:
 c “As to emancipation, there wen
 200,000 slaves in Kentucky, and t&lt;
 i a emancipate and remove them as som&lt;
 g proposed, would cost $10,000,000, ai
 y lowing the cost of transporting each ne
 ir g ro out of tbe State to be $6O a head
 The interest, to say nothing of the prin
 cipal of such a debt, would be a tax u
 f. which the people never coaid and nev
 d er would submit; and to compel then
 e to do it, would be to free the l 'ick and
 j r enslave the white race.

 n “There was $61,000,000 in the slavi
 te property in Kentaeky. On the eapi
 :e tal the profits were less than three pei
 cent., but half the amount the satm
 moneyed capital would yield. It wai
 clearly not for their interest to increase
 u that capital. Of the 200,000 slaves it
 Kentucky, three-fourths were superan
 ousted, such as women in a conditioi
 id unfitted for labor. Oat of forty or fif
 j- ty slaves, if there were ten valuable o
 to available, it was as much as could h
 at expected. This estimate would no
 t- earn their support, one quarter, or 60,
 to 000 laborers, whose profits might t»
 t; valued at $6O per annum each, or $3,
 is 000,000 annually. Deducting $2O i
 e» head for raiment and support, end than
 &gt;y would be left a profit of $2,000,000
 Then deducting five per cent, for death
 re and the net profit on e of
 n. 000,000, would be $1,096,000, or foe
 tie than three per eem.“
 ii- 1
 r, Cniwijio Tobacco ij* Bfitnirs,
 id knew the pious sod eccentric Eide
 Westlake ot Indiana, well. At a oust
 e- forty meeting once, he requested th
 ftm people not to cbew tobacco in aestiot
 and thee soil door of {japnrsit
 So m/0 Bm *4*.
 «ards, finding that hie request did *e
 have the desired effect, be said It
 In, tkeoi.' “If you wiU chow tobadco, 1
 _ wish you would bring along with yen
 r- some old kora or aa old shoe to spit mV
 e- M
 is Tho surest aud morn edfoctoal gok
 is diggers are these who use the pfougi
 is aua spade, to the purpait of agriculture
 f i i "4k -4
"
