"lor want of money, when the interests of lM*l
 inanity ere at stake. But it ia needed Med
 ed now. So long as souls inhabit Met, our
 sympathies rauet mam feat them tel to» in UM
 and eari teat deed— cloth inf ikfnlwi ever
 and enon in gold end atfoer niment. **Wt
 lov« our money for the good it wiU do. Wo
 lore our money, bat wo lore the eooee of the
 ■town trodden end bleeding poor far better,"
 the language of every true Rhode Isfstuf
 oeait.
 Much yet re mama to be done in oar etete.
 A quickened public sentiment,* needs to he
 educated and guided. The developments
 •f the Slave ay stem, aa they transpire, most
 be spread oat before the minde of oar people,
 their datiee in consequence, made clear and
 urged home upon them, or the impulses of
 this public sentiment, will begin to boat in e
 wrong direction; at least, will become imbecile
 and ineffective What wa do mast be dooe
 quickly and energetically. We must take the
 xM at the flood While we remain idle, the
 enemy is strengthening his hands. The re
 mit of neglecting an awakened public senti
 ment may, perhaps, be seen in the retrograde
 movement of the Free Soil Party. We hoped
 that it would have proved our savior, but U
 teems to have gone to the sepulchre to min
 gle with the bones and dust of former polities!
 efforts liberty wise. At our peril, then, are
 we idle. By awaking speedily, acting ensr
 geticaily, we may now ground and eeioblieh
 vut principles immovably. At our peril, we
 »&lt;v, do we remain idle, because only in the
 success of oiu cause is lift oi happiness of
 any value to us. Ours ia the sacred cause of
 freedom For ue to fail is for despotism to
 triumph. The triumph of despotism is our
 destruction. Never did the spirit of oppres
 sion struggle as she now struggles. She
 now must either conquer or die. Her death
 our victory. Here in Rhode Island we
 must awake. Why should we, of all others
 oe exempt 1 We have a work to do. So
 long as there it a slave in bondage, we are
 verily guilty before God ;and mao, if we are
 not putting forth our mightiest exertions to
 i, berate him. Prejudice, dark and bitter aa
 the spirit of hell, is all around us. Who, say
 who shall destroy it if not we 1
 God grant that the 15th Annual Report of
 lias Society may be a record of a year’s
 arduous, faithful labor. The time requires
 dadi not words.
 AMARANCY PAINE, Ssc’ry.
 Letter from Calvin Fairbanks.
 Pike, Nov. 30ih 1849.
 Dlar Brother —1 had intended sometime
 :,nce to have written you after the meeting of
 the ladies in Buffalo'for the purpose of heai
 ing the report of their committee sent to the
 venerable Gerritt Smith, with means and in
 'irucuons to present him with a Silver Piteh
 ti as a token of respect and regard for hie
 generous patriotism and Christian philanthro
 pe toward their people, the people of color,
 with whom he, and 1 hope I, feel to all intents
 and purposes identified.
 1 teel the most exquisite pleasure when I
 am able to inform you that that meeting was
 one arguing most strongly the claims of the
 coloied people to the rights and immunities
 extended to, and enjoyed by other men of oth
 er complexion in the United States.
 Although it is said of public meetings held
 by ladies, "that there is a vacancy there which
 can be filled only by man,’ yet, at this meet
 ,ng, held on Tuesday evening, Nov. 20th,
 there was a degree of ordeT, in
 terest and impressing solemnity characteristic
 only of a generous, intelligent, patriotic and
 Christian people.
 The meeting was opened by some intro
 ductory remarks by Abner H. Francis, their
 Committee to Mr. Smith, in relation to his in
 tellectual and moral character, his sincerity
 and the demonstrations of his philanthropy.
 He entered into an account of Mr. Smith s
 ultimate design in the be3lowment of land to
 &lt;ur people of color; the situation and fertili
 ty of those lands, and the importance of im
 mediately improving the opportunites heid oul.
 The merits of Mr. Smith, aa he had ascri
 bed and forgone any and all high stationa in
 he gift of the people, for the sole purpwee oi
 defending the oppressed, nominally free men
 color, together with the utility and practi
 cability of presenting him this token of re
 gard. It is truly mallei of importance and
 has added much to their intellectual and mor
 al weight. This token confirms what I
 have often said, that that people may own no
 superiors in point ot gratefulness for friend
 •nip and favor. This token will not only
 have a tendency to atimnlate Mr. Smith m
 his labor of love, but others, and mt. Aftei
 this. Mr. Francia proceeded to deliver, or re
 hearse Mr Garnet s speech on the presenta
 tion of the pitcher. The nature of the ad
 dress, and the occasion rendered it truly sol
 emn and impressive. Mr. Smith’s speech
 on its reception, was next read, with his ex
 pression of thanks for such a token. Mr.
 Francis’ speech which was delivered before
 Mr S&amp;ith at this interesting gathering o!
 triends was next read. Ihe whole scene as
 represented by Mr Francis, was really mag
 nificently solemn and imprestve. Nothing oi
 the kind, in my opinion, could have interest
 ed me more than to have been present on this
 occasion. But the meeting of the society
 the vast number of people in attendance, to
 gether with the decorum end ability with
 which it was conducted, rendered it quite an
 imposing occasion.
 Let me r.ot forget the people til Detroit.—
 It is impossible to eiptese the feeling I pos
 sess for that people for their kindness mani
 fevted low aid me whi»e there in October,
 and the industry, economy, politeoeeeand vig
 ilance of that people, touching charitable sad
 religious subjects, especially the eauee of the
 slave. There is a spirit kindled there daily
 among the dry, prepared wood in the heerfr
 ot those who were once slaves, be* who*
 nothing can now enslave. 1 say nothing, be
 cause, first of til they possess power of Bind,
 and next, they have secured the good will ai
 the comrnuhity; and in the last plaoe, it ie
 out of the power of the South to enslave
 them Thank God!
 i hope soon (about Christmas) to be in
 Buffalo again, prepared to address the people
 once more, when I intend to give them in de
 tail my experience in Kentucky. 1 intend
 then, to proceed to your city, where 1 hope
 io enjoy a happy meeting of the friends of
 man’s rights, both the white and the colored
 man When I visit Rochester I shah be on
 my way to Boston where I hope to spend the
 aHi ter with my friend Hayden, and
 w i °&lt;s3.v&amp; Fairbanks.
F«W*» IffWi Of Um Vnk.
 The Canada, Capt Harrison. arm ad
 New York,&lt;m&gt; Seterday. Skaleftldverpoe
 l?Ui ah., aad brings dales from Loo
 4s« ta tba lfltk, and fro* Paris ta the 13th
 Esoland The chief subject of inter*
 during tka weak, sssbm ta have bees the ex
 j aeatias of Aa Msasiags for the reorder
 i O’Connor Tka Laudas journal* give ret
 particular aeaaaata of tka legalixed tragedy
 Every modest attending tka horrid prepara
 tione, both in and without tka jail, is record*
 silk great ■iautaaew. Manning made
 ronfaaaion tka day kafore hie execuiiee-
 Eech of the prisoners manifested great annat
 to learn tka d—asnnr sad cosdtrios of tki
 other; pet aiming coatisoslly is mutual crimi
 •ariose. Jam before dm eaacutioa, Mia
 Maaning was iniroducad, and took a asat
 the am keocb with her huaband, wbat
 Manning, is a mom imploring aeoast, mid,
 hops jos sis sot going to dopsrt this lifo will
 foehnga of mriaaoaitj towards am." Tka ap
 paal was tea mack for his guilty partner, aw
 leasing towards him. aka aaid, “I have nc
 animosity towards yoo."
 The account from which we copy goes oc
 ta my, "The reverend chaplain hare entered
 in kin token, and, having taken his place m
 the altar, he administered the sacrament u
 both the convicts. At its dom the wretched
 pah were petmitted to meet again. Manoini
 embraced his wife with great fervor, and aaid,
 ‘Qod blam you, l hope wo shall meet ir
 Umvon. His wife raturnsd his embrace and
 sobbed audibly."
 Not lorn than 50,000 persons were present
 at 'the execution, and the moat disgraceful
 scenes ware enacted. A female was killed
 by the pressure of the crowd, sod two others
 severely wounded Cbarlm Dickens haa
 published a letter, giving his impressions on
 the demoralising tendency of such exhibitions.
 Thursday, the 15th, was observed as a day
 of general Thanksgiving for the disappear
 ance of the pestilence which had devastated
 the country.
 The Giselle, a large vessel t bound to Bre
 men, from Wilmington, N. C., with her car
 go of eighty barrels of turpentine, has been
 destroyed by fire,off the Isle of Wight. The
 crew ran the vessel on the sands, and imme
 diately abandoned her.
 Canadian Annexation is still the subject of
 much newspaper comment. It is generally
 viewed by the liberal papers not altogether
 favorably, and yet not with much disfavor.—
 Jerrold’s News, after giving a review of the.
 circumstances of Canada, and the reasons for
 discontent, says, "These are the evifa of an
 old country, and under these evils our young
 colony sullen, while in connection with us.
 Are we psqpared to examioe into these evils
 and remove them 1 If so, we need pay no at
 tention to thf cry for annexation. If we are
 not, then we may make our account with
 bearing the cry incream in strength until the
 tie between the mother country and the colo
 ny is broken forever, and the English poor are
 robbed of the heritage which the wisdom of
 our forefathers provided for them on ihe oihei
 aide of the Atlantic. Rivalry commences
 with the forced separation. Wbat may fol
 low who can tell* But it is clear that the
 evils threatened may be averted by timely
 care.”
 The Examiner saya:—
 "Annexation may probably come at last,
 but assuredly, in the meanwhile, not one of
 the three paitiee interested in the question is
 ripe for it. The pride and prejudices of the
 English nation are unquestionably against it.

 As to Eogland, in our humble opinion, she
 will be tbs greatest gainer of the three by
 annexation. She will be relieved at once
 from the heavy load of responsibility with
 which ahe is now burthened in her impoesible
 attempts, at the distance of 4000 miles, to
 govern wisely a tree people whom her states
 men never see, and of whom they know noth
 ing beyond what they find recorded in sheets
 of fools-cap."
 We find, in the Newcastle Guardian, a very
 full report of a Reform soiree, given in New
 castle, to that distinguished Reformer and
 friend of the slave, Geo. Thompson. In the
 course of his speech, referring to the jobbing
 propensities of the British Government, Mr.
 Thompson said, "You have heard what the
 government spend in the African blockade.—
 No man will accuse ms of indifference to the
 interests of the sieve, and 1 fearlessly say that a
 grosser job was never perpetrated than that of
 keeping up a squadron on the coast of Africt.
 A million a year is spent that the Hon. Capt.
 Penman and my Lord Lapdog may walk the
 quarter-deck, receive pay and get blood-monej
 for every man they capture on the seas."
 Many who wished to attend this soiree,
 were unable to gain admittance and on re
 quest, Mr. Thompson spoke at a second meet
 ing held a few day* after, which was alsc
 densely crowded.
 We should like to copy the entire speed:
 of Mr. Thompson, on this occasion, for th&lt;
 benefit of the Homestead Journal, and a mar
 by the name of William Hick, who, for somt
 weeks past, through the columns of that pa
 per, has been making himself exceedingly ri
 diculous, by accusing Mr. Thompson of indif
 ference to the cause of the laboring classes.—
 r William Hick can be excused only on th&lt;
 supposition that be speaks ignorantly. It ii
 1 a great pity that som* men do not know thi
 extent of their ignorance. It would save mud
 time, if evary one would talk only on subject:
 i upon which ha has taksn the trouble to inforn
 himself. Such lamentable exhibition* of lgno
 oocc and arrogance combined, as those pie
 tooted by that individual, would then be o
 much more rare occuirence. Every one wb
 knows my thing at all about the matter mas
 be ready to assert that George Thompson i
 not only the foetid of the alave and the enem;
 I of chattel slavery; hot the friend of man uni
 i veraally—the fearless and unflinching adrer
 t aary of ail oppression
 i We also find, in the seme paper,an aceoua
 t of a meeting bald in Newcastle, for the pur
 poet of presenting aa address to Mr. Hutt
 g. p. t “expressive of thanks to him for hi
 T eewieee in oonnemoo with the final extinct ua
 iof the Sieve Trade." The add re* afina
 I that tka traftc is African slaves can new k
 extinguiaked by mare physical force, tha
 ««ea the central y, while merchant* and plant
 •to bold oet the temptation of large prices fo
 human beings, the trafie in slaves will corun
 oe, in spite of fleet* and armament*.
 r Mr Hun, m raply lo Add** spoke o
 U» impolicy of tko Afrieu bloohdo.
 gave the opini— ef eevcral etaiaam men again*
 it, especially that of Chartoa Hotbam
 who, after bating haa® «■!•t* I*u 1 u onmnaadti
 of tha British on the AMeanesafl
for three nm, when ntiiwJ before the
 coratnitieee of both Hooaeeof Pttbunnt mti,
 “be agreed with tbe Duke of Wellington ul
 Six Powell Bruton that nor enlj van tbe
 squadron unable to pet down the aim trade,
 but that it bad no tendency to pet it down
 that tbe extent of tbe alave trade depan da not
 on boatile argument*, bet on tbe demand lor
 ala** labor;” and be added, that it behoved
 tbe Britiah Legislature to consider bow tbe
 character of tbit demand bad bean ereatad, to
 expand tbn energies, resources, character,
 and honor of England in ir artless attempts to
 atop an irresistible supply.
 Mr. Halt announced baa iatenttoo at an
 early period of next aeeajoo to submit to tbe
 Hoose of Commons a motion, by which the
 deliberate opinion of that assembly will bn
 pronounced upon tbe subject.
 We need scarcely cay, that although we
 are not quite certain that tbe blockade of tbe
 African coast baa been altogether ineffectual
 in checking tbe slave trade, or at leant in mo
 deling that inhuman traffic less profitable, we
 yet consider tbe blockade not only impolitic,
 but entirely wrong in principle. Much might
 be*urged against it, on the ground of inexpe
 diency. It bas been found that one and per
 haps tbe chief effect of the blockade baa bees,
 to increase the horrors of the Middle psssege.
 The wretched portions of humanity engaged
 in tbe traffic, entirely regardless of the suffer
 ings of their victims, now sacrifice every thing
 to speed. They employ small vmeels, and
 cram large numbers into a apace wholly inad
 equate for their reception. More suffering
 and death are the consequence. We hare no
 faith in anything but the destruction of slave
 ry, for the overthrow of tbe slave-trade. Cut
 up the tree from tbe root, and its branches of
 course perish. We entreat England to con
 tinue to exert ber great moral influence in be
 half of the seven millions of the oppressed
 children of Africa, now in bondage. We en
 treat her also, by her treatment of colored
 men in Britain, to show to negro-hating Ame
 ricana the absurdity and wickedness of that
 prejudice, which dooms men to degradation
 on account of their color. In this way, Eng
 land can, and we feel persuaded will do much
 for the elevation both of the slave and of the
 nominally free colored man in this country.
 France. —Mr. Rives, the American Minis
 ter, presented his credentials on tbe Bth ult.,
 and was cordially received. Tbe Pouaain
 difficulty is all smtolhed over, and is to be
 forgotten.
 There are rumors afloat with respect to the
 vacant poet of Foreign Ministers. M. de Ray
 nerval’s refusal, it appears, ia not quite cer
 tain.
 Rome. —From Rome there is nothing inter
 esting. The Pope, it is said, really meditates
 an early return to Rome, and indeed his arri
 val at one moment was actually announced, i
 Turkey. —Kossuth issued the following
 proclamation to the Hungarian refugees, on
 the 18th of Oct. He signed himself “Gover
 nor of Hungary.”
 “I hereby make known the official dfclaia
 tion of his excellency the Pacha.
 “1. That his Majesty, the Sultan, whom
 may God grant a long life, baa determined
 that he will not give up to the enemy any who
 wish to remain but that he will protect us,
 and afford us the rights of hospitality.
 “2. Those who wish to partake of tboee
 rights of hospitality for the future, shall be
 supplied, not only with food as hitherto, but
 also with articles of clothing; nay, even in
 regard to their pay, they may expect that in
 demnity which is compatible with the glory
 and renown of his Majesty the Sultan. The
 hope is also held out that the officers may re
 tain their rank, and without being compelled
 to change their religion, enter the Turkish
 service, and that it is contemplated to secure
 the destiny of all the emigrants, either by the
 formation of a colony, or in some other suita
 ble manner.”
 The valedictory add less of Kossuth to his
 countrymen, written at Oraova, has been pub
 lished. This address is highly poetical. It
 will be found in another column.
 Srain. —The session of the Cories has
 been opened without the customary speech,
 which has given rise to animated attacks of
 M. Olezaga and his friends against their im
 placable enemies, Narvaez and his colleagues.
The Scalpel, for November, is before us.
 The London Lancet, the well known organ
 of medical orthodoxy in England, has strange
 ly enough, thought proper to give a long and
 favorable notice of this magazine. This af
 fords a capital opportunity for the editor, in
 the present number, to make out a case against
 his unsociable brethren in New York. The
 republishers of the Lancet in that city, it
 seems, did not dare to leave out this notice,
 offensive as it was to the “Academy of
 Science but added a note, intimating that
 the reviewer in the Lancet, did not know the
 status of the Scalpel or its editor, or he might
 have thought differently. Mr. Dixon has got
 4&gt;e Faculty in a bad place. How will they
 get out This number of the Scalpel fully
 equals its predecessors in clearness and point.
 The Magazine must be usefnl, if not in es
 tablishing a new and good system of medicine,
 at all events, in exposing the many errors and
 absurdities of the old. Amongst the contents
 of this number, are, an article on Contagious
 and lnfectioua Diseases, Quarantine Abates;
 Sketches of New York Physicians Calo
 mel, by a Medical Heretic, dtc., tie.
New GaacrEirsEße Water Cure Repor
 ter. —'The November number of this Hydro
 pathic advocate is on our table. It contains
 mauv good things against dosing sod drag
 ging and gives several cases of core by the
 Hydropathic system. It is published st Uti
 ca, NY.
Mormon |Polysamv. —A person writing
 from the Salt Lake, says “The Mermeee
 ere a community in themselves—are governed
 by a President and Council—they make their
 own laws and regulations. They allow a man
 as many wives is he can support; some have
 one, and some have twenty wives. Some
 young men content themselves with five
 wives.
Foiled.— The trial of James M’Masters,
 for harboring a runaway slave, came up before
 tbe l S. Circuit Court at Pittsburgh, lest
 week, which resulted in the nequiusl of the
 defendant end the peynmot of the cants hr
 the slave hosier— amounting, probably, to
 1000. Rntbei deer bust ness. The Puts*
 burgh papers speak well of Judge Ctter on
 thnooensMS, and main that in b» sham*
 the Jarv bn “tanned to mersy's side.” This
 Shows that the
 helm, in the cane of Dr. Mitchell, has had n
 aduiaty dfcct. We observe that Mrs. 8.
 was s witnesses the raoest trial; tad harnp
 pesranencodd net fcil to rncnl to the Judge’s
 inwdlection the a—thing rshaka she admmin-
 SnrLmimwy.
Notices. 1
 TM Kmcaiive Cnaaiiiii
 Of lbs Western New York Auti-Slaveri
 Society art requested to asst «t the boas a
 Isaac Post, 96 Sophia street, oo Saturday
 evening, Dec. 6, at 7 o’clock panel mil jp.
 JOHN DICK, Sbs'f.
 Tk Rochester Aaaaal Meeting.
 The Westeta N. Y. AnhSlway Sonetj,
 will hold their annual meeting on the oth aai
 9th of January in the city of Rochester,
 which oar friends tn the e*ty tod country an
 earnestly invited to aneod. We fed that the
 injunction “neglect not the sasetabling ol
 yourselves ought most faithful*
 1 1; to be adhered to, remembering it mby uni
 ted efforts that the bonds of the fettered slare
 must be brokeo. We know that the laborers m
 the great work of reform ate comparatively
 few i but, “Truth is mighty,” sad we are
 encouraged ut believing “that the day of re
 demption drawetb nigh an we are return!
 that the faithfulness of the few tried and devo
 ted friends of freedom hss already sundered
 the chains and set at liberty many a despon
 ding captive, and the reflection stimulates us
 to a greater devotedness, knowing full well
 that the corrupting and demoralizing effects
 of slavery on our white as well as our colored
 brothers and listen, call loudly and impera
 tively upon our holiest feelings, for energetic
 action, while opportunity is yet afforded.
 Considering the disabilities we an laboring
 under, and the apathy of the mass around ns,
 on this vitally interesting subject, much ha*
 been done in these pans during the past year;
 but a steady, petsevering, uncompromising
 devotioo is indispensable, and we hope that
 while we labor with untiring zeal to stnke at
 the root of this infernal system, we shall re
 member that bursting the falters should be
 followed by the genial influences of sympa
 thy and elevation, and, that during our delib
 erations some suggestions may be made with
 regard to devising means to place the escaped
 bondmen in situations in which their long
 buried intellect, their manhood shall be called
 out, that they may be prepared to receive the
 truth that they may be recipients of God’s
 love, and thus be enabled to enjoy the boon of
 liberty, of which they have so long been rob
 bed. We again say to our friends far and
 tear, Come op to our annual gathering, where
 }y a free and spontaneous interchange of sen
 timent, we may scatter seed that will eventu
 tlly yield a rich harvest.
 Frederick Douglass will be present, and
 ipeakers from abroad will be invited to at
 tend.
 SARAH D. FISH, Cor. Sec'y.
 Rochester, Nov. 19th 1849.
 Western New York Annual Anti-Slave
 ry Fair at Rochester.
 This fair will be opened the 10th of Janu
 iry next, instead of December, as has been
 &gt;eforecontemplated and published. The post
 ponement will doubtless meet the approval of
 ill concerned. We shall need more time for
 preparation, as the old articles are nearly all
 lisposed of, and this year we must have an
 jntire new stock. We hope there are already
 nany sewing circles formed in different parts,
 who sre zealously engaged in making up the
 jreat variety of useful and beautiful articles,
 that are usually presented at out fair. Wc
 tsk every abolitionist, and every friend of the
 pause in this State especially, as well as
 friends in every other State, to feel themselves
 bound to be represented, either personally or
 »y donation, at the Rochester Fair. Let none
 feel themselves excused from laboring earnest
 ly to make this Anti-Slavery Fair worthy of
 the cause.
 Some of our warm-hearted European friends,
 have already prepared and forwarded a box of
 articles to aid us in this movement. Truly,
 their disinterestedness and devotedness ought
 to tinge every slaveholder’s cheek with shame
 —stir every northern abettor’s heart with re
 morse, and stimulate every abolitionist to
 double zeal. The North Star we intend to
 sustain, and we ask the zealous co-operation
 of our friends in so doing. Lectures are much
 needed, and in this section of the State mere
 is a wide field for profitable exertion.
 Seed diligently sown will yield a hundred
 or a thousand fold, and the bread of troth cast
 upon the waters will return after many days.
 The personal attendance of anti-slavery friends
 at the fair is earnestly solicited, and confident
 ly anticipated, and we trust that we shall be
 able to make it more worthy the patronage of
 the community than any that has preceded it.
 On behalf of the Fair Committee,
 AMY POST
 Appeal of the Philadelphia Association
 The*'Womeu’s Association of Philadel
 phia” appeal to a benevolent public, and to
 the friends of the Slave everywhere, to aid
 them in their approaching Fair, the ob
 ject of which is to sustain the “North Star V
 To those who are familiar with the pages of
 this paper it is unnecesery to speak of its
 merit. To those who have not seen it we
 may say, that we regard it as one of the very
 best inti-slavery instrumentalities now in the
 field.
 We sre the more interested in it, beeaoae
 the editor is one of our oppressed race, and
 admirably qualified by his talents and moral
 worth, to perform with credit the arduous
 task of editing a paper devoted to oar eleva
 tion. We believe sod treat that oar friaads
 will give os their Übmnl aid.
 To oar own people we look earnestly ank
 hopefully. Skiers, Brothers, shall we lood
 in vain’ Tbe iron has acred into your souls
 Ye go heavily, bowed dew* u» the very dost,
 dispirited, crashed by tbe weight of oppres
 sZ Ye hear the tanetsof tbe enemy,
 The,
 are jrekms of ooe other! Yes, they unit*
 but itkeelf to pat down~e who is more
 intellectual than thenuw*” Prove by tbe
 unerring !aog«»ge of coodoet that them as
 sertions so often thrown to oar fanes ore ms*
 licioas slsoders. Sewoui F. Douglass, be-
 CM* his talents and ootreet ptweipleo de
 mand your respect and confidence. Sustain
 him because it isright to do so, and because
 of the sweet peace the performance of on wot
 thy an actios will asouredly bong «l «°u&gt; yom
 b °TM Fa«r will be held os Christmas week
 Doeauoa far k may he sort lo
 HARRIET SMITH, AM Lombard strum
 RACHEL LLOYD. 963 Piamstieei,
 AMY M- CASSEY .JIM Lombard-sweet
 Or to as, member of tbs Amocwunu.
 EwaAsrr* Ares, Lrota Ami Brant*
 Mast Paorerr, Hrrrv Bvas,
 Locisa Betsraa* J°ux*os,
 Barts Barn*. Emm Joua.
 CsAUOTTt Mills.
 SARAH M DQCGLASS, Cor, Sa*y
 No 54 Matthew yfn
 Philadelphia, 6th 1846,
-r
 iflkwti lamfmMriM hi lamM
 K«w JiagiMwtCK. -Anj
 •lie hair
 sad rlbr»wm)trmm\w iite*lw^tmbw^ciM|
 with the cardini HfmJrf —»of A* hot physs*
 dangenm, end co^te
 resorted to Mr S. L. rdby »the age* in tfcie
 "Wm('ifilM. n
 ifwlk!3t,JnhnUtii,Oa 17, IMS
 Fro® tbs Evcaiac Mirror, K. T. March MIMt.
 WLSTAR’S EALSAM.—We rapid the Will
 CherrrtneaioM of Meth own phyeicieas.»
 sort uMbeud ft—risen ofthe hnt; far sis **mad»
 cel gnm*’ bu tattered ihc nMtrisgs —A anted Me
 fires of themende. TheMaaa yperii by Mr.
 M istar is sjwn isd perfectly ralhtbie ptyttse
 ef the rod Charty MWhf m
 r sue “bed um.” We ml i laddsariy aad
 strongly ie firm Wring witnaaaed itt
 otter nreseriouoaa bed stoirf at no dhcU
 JW^SeTlrfm^Slplll BUTTS o* the
 TSlki, Post It WitLU;aad also by W«*
 PIT«IS.
 Tn Halv iui sotsmT#t»*-fc.ate.
 —Sir: Pbaea send by the beerereeew e|pb«
 your Horse Medicieee. They are the heetort idee
 of the kiwi that I hateeter seed, nemr hartag beea
 disappointed ia tbeir adset, aa (I here beee ta toe
 1 oee of other, eree the moot celebrated Oietmetl
 Liniments, Ae ,of the day. I like my nch thie
 feature ia than, rim: that they do all that ie premie*
 ed, aad upon a theroafh trial, oh ie constraieed to
 add, that “half haa net been told.
 ReepeetfoHr, M. DUDLEY.
 Fax Riser, Jane IS, 184$.
 fjO* See Agents’ names at the bead of Sloan’s
 Column. For farther particulars aad leatimoaiale,
 get pamphlets of scents.
Commercial.
Kocmm, Dec. 6th, 1849.
 Ihe weather has been eery unpleasant f«* the
 past week, the roads in every direction have been
 unusually bad
 Canal navigation is nearly suspended, no beets
 are going East, and eery fear arriving from the east.
 There has not been much doing in the a heat mar
 ket for several days beck, the fapemess for the sea
 son is rapidly drawing to a dose. In flour we
 have nothing to report, except taftbe retail trade,
 with a wide range in prices 84,5006,80. Poee
 Genesee commands from 5| to SJ.
Wholesale Prices Current.
 FIX) UR A!»D MEAL—Duty 20 read vd
 Flour,* bbl
 Corn meal, r bush 50
 PROVISIONS.—Dutv; Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 V c; ‘-'V«e 30 P c ad val
 Pork, (mess) 11 80 *1 22
 Do.»“ bog J |J®
 Beef, cwt. 4 00 B 00
 Do. bbl. (mess) 700® 8 00
 Lard (tried) r
 Do. (leaf,)
 Hams, (smoked)
 Shoulders, do. .2
 Butter 13 M
 Cheese 06 06
 Turkeys r 1 e i
 Chickens
 Potatoes, bush. 87 50
 GRAIN—Duty; 20 r c ad val
 Wheat, bush 106
 Corn r j.
 Oats J*
 Barley W)
 HIDES—Duty ;6r c ad Tal
 Slaughter
 Calf 12
 Sheep Pelts 40 75
 SEEDS—Duty; Linseed 10 r c; Mustard 20 r
 c ad val
 Clover *?255 2 22
 Timothy 160 m 7 S
 Flax 1 00
 FISH —Duty on foreign caught; 20 r c *d vnl
 Whitefish bbl 0 00
 Codfish cwt 8 15
 SUNDRIES—
 Sah, r bbl 1 00
 Apples, r bus 22
 Do. dried bush.
 Eggs, &lt;k» U
 Beans, r bush 50 62
 Hay.rfon 7 00 7 50
 Hard wood *5
 Soft Wood
21 u e r t i b e m t n 1 0
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas, and French Sacks
 selling off at astonishing low prices t
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friend)* and tlie public, that one of the firm bu
 now returned from Europe, wbere he bu been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very bmatifaf,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and most frahiooable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths,
 rbf designs and workmanship are tacetteat, tmbi*
 cine taste, elegance, and durability.
 would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 call Ann SEE roll yoo*seltes as we fcel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 ip?- 25 per cent, less than ihe materials caa be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up ia a more mpa
 rior man&gt; er than they can get them made op them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at 83,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and wiU be sold off at aitouiibiUULV lOW
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call aad examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 66 Main *t., Rorbestrr, and
 14 Catharine *t., New York. oaM 3m
The 014 Cstmllt Skip,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 Lloyd SCOTT, grateful far the patronage
 awarded kirn, would respettfaliy inform his
 trends and the public generally, that ha has reccadv
 enlarged his ertablmhmeat airf animated kia stock
 of Men's, Women’s, and Children’*. New aad
 Secondhand apparel, la addition In this depart
 ment he will boy and sell House aad Store Furai
 tare. Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Martmasral
 ami arricakural impleamats, aad tadsed m those
 Tarious odds of nhieh may not he
 readily obtained at other places. D»• his i Mansion
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well faraiM
 «i(h aa endless variety af articles far witch ha wiM
 nay lilieraUy aad dispose of at mtisfaetorr prioas.
 Clothing repaired and reaovaied with aeataesr
 ai &lt;l forget “The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 18#.
■tlr-Cvtttag sb4 Dresstag
 ZD. It J. PATTERSON'S Saloon. m*der the
 Eagle, Baialo street sov Iff lm
NARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himoslf, te be
 had at this office, price SO cents; aew Edit. 17|c
 Deilal Sirgerj.
 I would respectfully inform the ciliaeas of Rodmsmr
 and smTouading rnewtry, that I have removed my
 aftce hum No- W Smihh’e Arcade to my dweflmg
 house No. 81 Monroe Sham.
 1 baafal far past favors m dm has of my prsfas
 non, sac Intttiiag myself that I caa give easfsrf
 mtfojfsrt irs to all who may favor me wflk their pa-
 TT inryr I would invite all them who ate dm
 sirens ofbaving opernbces pirfasmsd on the msfter
 sf having teeth inserted te call ea me aad muriy
 A. CLARK.
 N. Ik All operations parfatamd by am ea ft*
 teeth and Plate Work warrants I.
 Rochester. Oct. 18.1848. if.
RiH-Rm4 ThR.
 pH A NOE IN TIME—The trains vlrmat.
 t mleave Raekseisr aadhe mlhe faffawimtims r
 Eastward—at IS* x.tt.. 8* s.n., I r 7|r.w-
 Westward—at 8| a. a, 1 ra, »J t.n. U SM.
 Rochester, May I,lB#.
 TTTAMHHCrOW* ffammrvma ffaimy, U 8
 W MNp imem, Mbgft ftnMmf, Rmtft*
i HOME FOB IBfOMEM.
 THE sdwcr.ber has mwwJ to *«jj*
 Cunrt, whore he wii he aw happy to «sko——»
 nf the Frisodh of Before*. at mass—tile ibref
 Ha wishes his hawse to he foe mnrai phew sn Bo*
 hsa, wborefosfr—d*«fT—girsam. r—c*&gt;, P»n*y
 Fmsiim, dm fHeawr, k*-,mmy moet together,*—
 tfwnl UMt mu at wMMfioa win*
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 ■bet**, Aag. M. »S4B.
 JAMES W. MOKDORMING sud ewatumes to
 hsm dm Primary ow Beeowi Street, comer of
 Eh*. Nrnrfo sfo me ce—Jy os had ever,
 variety ef Qmna. 8m
 Gacmnti, Ohao.Jriy 15,1840.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY, Boot and She* Make*
 No. 97, Crwnhery Street, Brooklyn.
 snth executed at shortest no-
MEW THE IETfiimOIERTS.
Cslßre4 Salltn* Emm,
 330, Pmrl Strm, 2VW York.
 17R1ENDN ut *Se aforre, usd stingers on a visit
 J: to f(«w York, can now ho aacomwaodatod with
 an good Board, and at aa tow a price an in may other
 howso as foe city. The house ia largo and coa
 •ssisst; trill hold wfomhly sawawty persons.
 Families caa have private mat, had every anew
 tkw paid to their comfort WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11,1848.
TJR. J. MVUNE SMITH, 93, Wret Breod-
 MJ way.
IfKS. PETTIT would raapcctfcUy inform her
 ill Friends and the Public, that she ka&lt; removed
 from 150te a cosamodioae hotwe No. 162. Church
 Street, where aha wiU oonttnae to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May 11,1849.
TUST PUBLISHED and for sole at the office of
 tl of foe Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty aad Force of Tmili 10ih
 edition.
 This work contains about 299 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and aliout sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 87| eta. in muslin,
 and 25 cants ia paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Apfteal of
 Women from various a tabors, I2fl cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Tbeodorr Parker.
 pp. 120. lB| cents.
 Wo. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Maas. Reported by H. M.
 Parkliurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
ELLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 ('anal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing Ai tides,
 constantly on hand.
 May 18. 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISEN’TS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Coined
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chint* Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on baud, mostly
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.*)
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling 4cc.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached,brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverised Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. ly—36
Free Lifter «o«4s.
 YCANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro-
 IVI dace Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 .bleached and unbleached, of varioua qualities and
 width; thinMmlin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Imps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Jte. Re-
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 amy be addressed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 85, Church Allay.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on band. W—tf
Aitl-81avery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 ia kept constantly on band. Also a ban.lsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefti
 aad Fancy Stationery.
 Ail letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed u&gt; 7. Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jal— tf
ATI#L WATER CURE.
 rE Subscriber beys leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially thorn suffering from
 chronic disease, to km hydropathic. eetahlixhinrnt in
 Aliioif Nffiffi#*
 Hit house wms opened for the reception of patients
 Inst season, nod it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties foraphilosophic and thorough coarse in hydro
 patby. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has bean pronounced eqaal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. It M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds ia a variety of scenery, nod hou&gt;
 *t«r«.sg grenade for walks aad rambles. Ho that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, aad
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 ImaltMul results far which they labor,
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dm. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five yean, was brought to me hut
 Aagust. Her ease presented the following iiheao
 fu. If placed ia aa erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fan backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made aa
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 dispire her efforts to (he contrary, would crons (be
 ethnr. She had bma ia this condition nearly a
 yarn. Her trsutmst cummeuced the l«ch ofbept.,
 aad was esatmmd to the lift Oct. only, when she
 left, so for recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with mm Bmee her retarn to her family, she
 has eouthmed Imr baths, with corresponding im
 fsentswM to her health. She non attends to her
 daametsc duties, aad with the assistance of a small
 girl, doss Urn work af has family.
 Pali sms are tfaaired to being three omfmuhtas,
 am fme of wooden blankets, one pair oTibmf,
 half a doata towels mashed, with old tinea lor
 Tsrms, from fve to tee dniari pcs wash, accord
 ing «o the meetsities or choice of dm Mtiento.
 Them who are has particular ia the refaction o 4
 with ethers, wiU bcAsrps'/lcm
 Athol. March, IS#. GEORGE HOYT.
Pateer*f krtitcUl Leg.
 f'I'HW MlWj w.lwaiM, uA eaumiv «er
 1 l&lt;Mb, «4*ck km imifMl ike ktftorw
 to—to »*—-toll U ail Ita
 Ciifhlli to ifclc coatonr, to uktuto* loVmc"wto
 hs'rc —to At I—fc, b*to| to *—rj fwim —p*-
 '«*•&gt;*l7 fiptof—r totor# to*—Nit to Ew«—
 ——rf'irV ll to A——**. JU.,
 hfUmm. kHipto.
 .J* _ *Mfl»*fi».J
 «r. forr«»,G«H» tb
 l Dr. H—•■. Bfntmm
slosh's mm.
 AM the— hr is adwtinr'hy W, B. 81—
 at* sold by Post R W®s, Wiaalutt R Vying. R»
 chnser; S. K—haw, Fraahfare, A
 Co.. Lewiston; T. kA. Frye, KviHap ret; Cufcfc
 Bye, Putsford; W. WiMm—. Bo 4-
 set druggists tkroughesl the I—tod fotn.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN'S OINTMENT i* new -rivet-ally ac
 know 'edged t»&gt; he an n*foH»»Ue resnsdy. hi rVsry
 ease where it hue been foifofoUy sppheden the he
 man system, for promoting Wwtw Penpisieti
 drawing on the mflaaonsoon from a wound, re
 hevisg pa is of every kirn), and in its bra hag
 qualities the wurld duos not procure its equal, sad
 the public premmsca it fos cheapest mi hsm Fsm-
 It Oiat—nt that has ever been used. All diseases
 of the Flesh. Obstinate Ulcer*. Old Seres, CVI
 Sore Thrum. Bores, Cats, Co-eons
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sere P.reasts, Diseases of
 foe Eye, Ague ia dm face, ride, bark, aod foe
 other parts of the system. Boils, Ukere, (ksM
 Head, Brtusrs, Fresh Wotmds, and every had of
 sores containing the least partide of i As—uii*
 are psnnanaatly cored bv this (peat trmsdy-
 W B SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 t Lake st., Chicago, 18.
 DOCTOKISQ IN C Ai.NL-
 M*. Sloah: —Dear .Sir: About three years age
 I was severely injured ia one of my leg* by tbs
 foiling of a pik of wood which occasioned large
 running steer*. Nearly ovary doctor m Galena
 triad to core them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment aiy nthrr leg be
 es— as bad as the oar original!, woarwled. 1
 despaired of over being well agam—but m seder
 that I might neglect no mean* within my rrnrh, I
 Sirrhased of yoor agent in Galena .on«- of your
 intment, and you can judge »f my «urprtw snd
 gratitude better than I cm express it, to turi my
 sett entirely well before 1 had fiainhcd using the
 ■•econd box.
 These tact* i make known tint other* aflLrted
 mauv believe and not delay using vahmlde .«u
 Ointment as your* fias proved to be. RespecttuUy,
 votir grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dee. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNKIS.
 .Mr. W. B. Sloan —Str I hereby certify
 that my am Alliert, eleven years age, was
 afllicted in hi* feet from tlie riuu* be first began to
 walk, the bottom* of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin ftll of cruk*. Cita-ing pain «nd rnucti
 affliction, many tune* he was obliged to go on bit
 hands anil knees, and no lime has he been tier fioiu
 ilie sore affliction until now Ivitfliitg (lie skill ol
 several physician*; Uit to our -ur|ni*e Ins leet are
 now perfectly smooth *olt aud tree trom cracks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, 1 would say
 the boy put it on luui&gt;elV as an experiment ol hi*
 own,from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, it which tune
 his feet were near about in a healthy state, and are
 now the same as though they never had lieen otHVi
 wise. Your?, Str.
 ISAAC PA DEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, IA4J).
FIVE LARGE DEEP VLCKR*.
 SHfBOTOAV, Wis., March 2, 1849.
 Dr. VV. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In tnv opinion,
 the greatest cure* effected are those that liavu
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to lie a fact, 1 have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of S/üboy gun Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. Tim leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pup
 ujpr Physicians in various places, have treated hi*
 case without any beneficial erttet.
 Last Augu«t, Mr. Hanford, solicited uiv advice.
 1 succeeded in reducing tlie swelling aiul healed two
 of tlie sores. The other three I tailored at till the
 first of Februurv, without much if any benefit, wheu
 1 gave him a box of Si.oak’s Ointmi ht, and
 in three weeks he was yvell.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IX THF. WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 BURNT TO CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands tlwt I should^, *ium
 to you mv unfeigned thanks for your UNPARAL
 LELED Ointment. Three weeks ago my dnugh
 ter’# c lollies caught tire, and before) be flames couhl
 be extinguished, they were ali burnt tu cinders, dm
 child was so badly burned that death &gt;eeiiied inevi
 table in less than twenty four Honrs. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add dial die child is
 uow well and about her business. —The median* is
 ail anil «wre than it is recommended to be. livery
 family aud person should bare it in iheir posses
 sion.
 1 feel lindedted to you for my child’* life, and
 anything that 1 can do for you or your medicine, 1
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. t RANK.*]
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 2»ih, 1849.
Far Purity, Mi druta, Safety, Certainty
 and Thor *ghmttt SLOAS'S
 OINTMENT EmctU,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointment* and
 Liniments now in tRMof tlie core ot Uie following
 disease*:
 Fresh Woands, G dl* ot all kiads, Sprain*.
 Bruises, Cracked Ileel*, Rhigbutie, Wiudgalla, Toll
 Evil, Callus, S|k*tiß#, Sweeney, Fistula, Mitfeat,
 Strains, lameness,Sand Cracks, Foumhved Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all iiithMomatioii ami
 fever, purify die blood, 100-m the skin, rlrattse the
 water, and strengthen every partol tlie budv; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the tbiinwing
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide liotnid, l erne of Appetite, Inward
 Strain*, Yellow W «ier, luthunemiwM of the Lyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (coouuonly called stiff complaint.) which |*ove« so
 faUl to umay valuable horse* in this country It is
 aly, safe ami certain remedy for couglnr and old*,
 which generate so many faial diseases.
 V W. B, .SLOAN,
 Grand la-pot, 40 I-ike ft., Chicago, Illinois
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot tie said in f»* r of Sloan’* Horse Medi
 cines. Oar neighbors, friends and acquaintance&lt;
 who have used them, testify their approbation iw m&gt;
 ordinary terms, and rrriimauad them with eonß
 deace. Cares,almost miracuhms have baan tCntei
 by this medicine. '‘Every disease which ihs hors*
 is hair to'* is eared, permanently, by the ana of
 Sloan’# Medicine* THY THEM sad test tor y«or
 self their ttbt~aty.~lU. Organ, May Ctk, 1849.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN Of.
 Eat rati from dot 4 WaoJuaJka Demote*,' Wit.
 May 9.1849
 "Sloan’v II a Diets f *•’*—A sniper ilssr wiitiag
 from the town of New Berlin, requests as to say,
 that hr las used Mr. Shan*# tint Oi nisi sat to
 several instance* during the past wmter,' sa-i
 always with (he desired efart, smJ wishes as to
 feaoaNßrad it to those who have the nse and emtt
 Of horse*. Mr. Sfoaa’s modirmvs are
 apokea of generally, and horn the Mtorabfe m-
 laaiufsn'f we have with that gentleman, we *»«led
 to believe that (hey are ptspared with a vow v,
 fine a real btsth to whateoer ptapo** they aro a-
 ItITU ,T#
 n. w B. flLPAtf— Urm WUo month Mr-
 I A B Tar lor, Gophnr HdL ladt*oa, t-4 s
 Uam hmU* foil** «m the no— by a Katthoanhv.
 fUanrtesi lamrsalUo, I saw thelw#—, his load teas
 ,*m«rhaMv swotfew. I uomedmtety oyprioA rant
 Omcment ftoolv, and tee «n aaloaishad at 6a
 preraat ralsaf aaerded la lata than *&gt;ne boat tho
 .welbno began* abate, nnd &gt;a twenty four hyp»•
 rad JZb* n wdaldocaod w.Bwa three- day. tha
 ram wra mt oaly ft for am. bah—atraSy paths
 raraAMhw y 'umo, ragrthHf,
 L M MAWfIATT.
 CIICAOO, Joht 9*h, IMB*
"
