"Pot tty. 0
FiMM tiM VnmHti (Ob*») Fm Prw
 Mr- tIDITCK:
 T P*«*f *f fmc Ml not (fee
 *f**m mtimnmu aad fcHfogf Ti»
 at; —bin—d m* t» «mt P****""
 Niton’, for** m (te So-fo ttorcfow «»*F
 raagute my *M *cm* »a***** l l
 pot of akerriiarat wfe** U* tu
 nembfc, m*d H* d their holiday*
 mm! toiber I tiaucv I the rsmoct
 ny with ttorir bmmjo m»trumenu. to spend a lew
 lomeno of jollilkattoo oto. the &gt;kath of an old
 rani m»» «r, while Saw (the favorite servant)
 ,vt-t a caMpendaim o( hit i liner* mad ajtwiUe
 leaf!
 THE SLAVEHOLDER'S REST.
 •v i. vae c. sihko*.
 Smut.
 ohm, aM brethren, let a* take a reel,
 While the moon shine* so brightly and clear;
 did (Batter it dead, and left iu at la«.
 And haa gone at the Bar to appear.
 Aid neater hat died, and lying in hit grave,
 And our blood will awhile cease to flow
 fe w.ll no more trample oa the neck of the slave;
 For he't gone where the ulaveltolderi go.
 Cforw.
 Haag up the tborel aad the hoe—
 Take down the fiddle aad the bow—
 Old natter haa gone to the slaveholder’s rest;
 He has gone w here they all ought to go.
 Sant.
 I beard the old doctor say the other night,
 At he passed by tlie dining-room door—
 -1 Perhaps tlie old man may live through the night,
 But I think tie will die about four
 Then old mistress tent me, at tlie peril of my life,
 For tlie parson to rouse down and pray,
 For says she,* Your old master is now about to die,
 And tav» I, God speed him on hn way.’
 Hang up the shovel, fee.
 Ai four o’clock at morn the family was called
 Aiouod tlie old man’s dying bed;
 And oli* but I laughed to myself when I heard
 That the old mail’s spirit had fled.
 The children all cried, and so did I pretend,
 The ohl mistiest very nearly went inad;
 And the old pat oa’s groans did the heaven: fairl
 re nd;
 But 1 tell vou I felt mighty glad.
 Hang up il« shovel, he.
 The y all join in iki*
 V» e’ll no more be loused by the blowing ol his horn
 Our Lack* no longer he will score.
 He no more will feed u* ou cotton seeds and corn
 I or hit letgn of oppression now is o'ei
 He no inoie will hang our children ou the tree,
 To be ate by tlie carrion crow;
 He no more will send out wives to Tennersee;
 For lie’* goto- wlieie the slaveholders go.
 Hung u_ tLe shovel uuJ the hoe,
 fake down tlie fiddle «nd the bow,
 W'e’U dance and sing,
 And make the lores' ring
 W,th the fiddle and the old banjo.
 THE WISH,
 av hari.es Micmr.
 fell me ye vvmged winds
 That round tny path way loar,
 Do ye not know time spot
 Where morutls weep no more]
 Some lone and pleasant dell,
 **oiue valley in the west,
 Wheie free from,toil and pain,
 The weary soul may rest'
 A ut- loud wind softened to w whisper low
 And sighed lor pity us it answered No
 Tell me thou mighty deep,
 Where billows tound me play j
 huuw’n thou some favored spot,
 Some island far away,
 Where weary man may find
 Tlie bliss for which lie sighs,
 Where sorrow never lives,
 And friendship never dies
 I he loud waves, rolling in perpetual flow,
 Stopped lor a while, and sighed 10 answer ’No 1
 And thou serenest moon.
 That with such holy face
 Dost look upon rhe earth,
 Asleep in night’* embrace,
 'fell me, in all thy round
 Hast thou not seen some spot,
 Where iniseiable man
 Might find a happier lot
 Behind a cloud the moon withdrew in wo,
 And a Voice sweet, but sad, responded—”No'”
 fell me, my secret soul,
 Oli* tell me Hope and Faith,
 is men- no resting place,
 Fiom furrow, sin, and death;
 is there no happy spot,
 Some valley in the west,
 Where grief may find a bairn,
 And weariness a rest*
 Faith Hope and Love—Lest boonsio mortal giveu-
 Woved their bright wings, ami whispered—”lV
 ,n Heat en
Selection*.
 JUAN PLACIDOb
 [Our readers will recollect the ac
 count given through the papers in 1844
 of an intended insurrection of slave
 iu Cuba. Many may not he aware tha
 the leader of that revolt was a ‘.Yrgr
 and a Man,’ one worthy to be ranke&lt;
 with George Washington or any othe
 hero. We have made the followinj
 extracts from Whittier’s 'Stranger i
 believing it will be interestiuj
 to most of our readers. We regret wi
 have not room to give the articli
 entire. J
 1 have recently been deeply iuteres
 ted in the late of Placiilo —the blacl
 Revolutionist of Cuba—the acknow
 iedged leader of the late widc-sprtac
 and well-planned revolt of the slavsi
 iu the city of Havana, and ihu neigh
 boring plantations and villages
 Juan Placido waa born a slave ot
 the estate of Don Terribio de Castro
 His father was an African, Ins mothei
 a mulatto His mistress treated hiir
 with gieat kindness, and taught him tc
 read. When he was twelve years u
 age she died, and he fell into other ant
 less compassionate hands. At the agt
 of eighteen, on seeing his uiothei
 struck with a heavy whip, he for tin
 first time turned upou his tormentors
 To use his own words, I felt the blou
 in my heart. To utter a loud cry, am
 from a downcast boy with the tiimditj
 of one meek as a lamb, to become al
 at once tike a iaging lion, was a thinf
 of a moment He was, however, sub
 tilled, and the next morning, togethei
 with Ins mother, a lemlerly-nurturei
 and delicate woman, severely scour
 ged On seeing lus mother rude I j
 stripped and thrown down upon tin
 ground, he at first with tears itnplorec
 the overseer to spare her; hut at th«
 sound of the first blow, as it cut intc
 her linked flesh, be sprang once more
 apon the ruffian, who, having supenoi
 strength', heat him until he whs nearei
 osad than alive.
After suffering all the Hciaeiludee of
 •JaFery— hoMf**. nakedrt**, ttripea;
 after bravely etui ably bearing up
 ■gainst that alow, dreadful process
 which reduces the wan W a thing—the 1
 image of God to a piece of mercban-
 dir.e, until he had lift chad his thirty* i
 eighth year, ha was unexpectedly re
 leased from hie bonds. Some literary
 gentleman in Havana, into whose hands
 two or three pieces of his composition
 had fallen, struck with the vigor, spirit
 snd natural grace which they manifes
 ted. sought out the author, and raised
 a subscription to purchase his freedom.
 He came to Havana, and maintained
 himself hy house painting and such
 j other employments as bis ingenuity mid
 talents placed within his reach. He
 wrote several poems, which have keen
 published in Spanish at Havana, and
 translated by Dr. Madden, under the
 title of ‘Poeraa hy a Slave.*
 It is not too much to aay of these
 poems, that they will hear a compari
 son with most of tbe productions of
 modern Spanish literature. Certain it
 is, that their author is the only Cuban
 poet. His style is bold, free, ener*
 1 getic. Some of bis pieces are sportive
 i and graceful; such is his address to
 ‘The Cucura,’ or Cuban fire-fly.
 a t r 0
 Some of his devotional pieces evince
 the fervor and true feeling of the
 Christian poet. His ‘Ode to Religion*
 contains many admirable lines.—Speak
 ing of the martyrs of the early days of
 i Christianity, he says finely:
 Still in that cradle, purpled with their blood,
 Tbe iatari Faith waxed euonger Aiy by day.’
 I cannot forbear quoting the last
 stanza of this poem:
 •O God of mercy, throoed in glorv high,
 On earth and all its misery loot down,
 Behold the wretched, hear the captive** rry
 And call thy exiled children remind ihy throne'
 There would 1 fain in contemplation gate
 On thy eternal beauty and would make
 Of love one hitting canticle of praise,
 And every theme hut Thee henceforth forsake!’
 e
 Tbe disastrous result of tfie late in
 surrection of the slaves in Cuba is
 well known. Betrayed, and driven
 into premature collision with their op
 pressors, the w ronged and maddened
 bondmen were speedily crushed into
 subjection Placido was arrested, and
 after a long hearing, was coadetnned to
 be executed, and consigned to the
 ‘Chapel of the Condemned.’
 How far Placido was implicated in
 1 the insurrectionary movement, it is
 I now perhaps impossible to ascertain.
 The* popular voice at Havana pro
 nounced him its leader and projector;
 and as such he wa9 condemned. His
 own bitter wrong; the terrible recollec
 tions of his f life of servitude; the im
 punity with which the mo9t dreadful
 outrages upon the persons of slaves
 were indicted, —acting upon a mind
 fully capable of appreciating the beau
 ty of "Freedom, furnished abundant in
 centive to an effort for the redemption
 of his race, and the humiliation of his
 l oppressors. The Heruldo, of Madrid,
 speaks of him as ‘as the celebrated
 poet, a man of great natural genius,
 and beloved and appreciated by the
 most respectable young men of Ha
 ivaua.’ It accuses him of wild and
 ambitious projects, and states that he
 was intended to b« the chief of the
 black race after they had thrown of
 the yoke of bondage.
 i He was executed at Havana in th&lt;
 7th month, 1844. According to th&lt;
 custom in Cuba with condemned crimi
 I rials, he was conducted from prison t&lt;
 the‘Chapel of the doomed.’ He pas
 sed thither with singular composure
 amidst a great concourse of people
 j gracefully saluting his numerous qc
 1 quaintances. The Chapel was hunj
 with black cloth, dimly lighted. Placi
 do was seated beside bis coffin. Priest
 in long black robes stood around him
 chanting iu supulchral voices the ser
 1 vice of the dead. It is an ordeaj un
 der which the stoutest-hearted am
 most resolute have been foqnd to sink
 After enduring it for twenty-four hour
 he was led out to execution. Placid
 come forth calm and undismayed; hold
 ing a crucifix in his hand, he recited
 in a loud, clear voice, a solemn praye
 j in verse, which he had composedamidi
 t the horrors of the ‘Chapel.’ It thrill©
 upon the hearts of all who heard it.
 _; am indebted to a friend for assistanc
 in rendering this remarkable prayer in
 to English verse:
 i PRAYER OF PLACIDO.
 Gtxl of u«tU&lt;umied love and power eternal
 To Tliee I turn iu darkness nod despair;
 i Stretch forth Thine arm, aud from the brow interna
 j Of Calumny the veil of Justice tear!
 I And from the lorebdad of my honest fame
 j Pluck the word’s brand of ioliuny and shame!
 O King of kings!—my father's God! who only
 Art siroag to save, by whom ia all controlled,
 Who givesl the sea iu waves, tbe dark awf lonely
 I I Abyss of heaven it* light, the North itsesid,
 1 The air its currents, the warm win iu beams,*
 Life to the dowers. and motion to the streams:
 1 All things obey Thee; dying or reviving,
 r As Thou i cmxnaudeat; all, apart from Thee,
 From Thee alone their life and power deriving,
 Sink and are lost in vast eternity!
 t Vet d th the void obey Thee; since from nought
 r! This marvellous being by Thy hand vra« wrought f
 i O metcilul God'—l r-anuet shun thy presence,
 For through us veil of fteeh I’hy piercing eye
 Lookerh upon my spirit’suneodad essence,
 As through die pure transparence of the sky;
 Let not the oppressor dap bis bloody hands,
 As o’er my prostrate innocence be stands
 But, if six*, it seeweth good unto Thee
 Thai 1 should perish as the guilty dies,
 That, a cold, mangled corse, nn loss should view m
 With hateful malice and exulting eyes,
 Sp’-ak Thou the word, and bid them shed my blood
 J Fully tu me Thy will be done, O God!
 On arriving at th© fatal spot, he aa
 j down as ordered, on a bench with hit
 1 back to the soldiers. Tbe muHituds
 recollected, that in some affecting
 liues, written by the conspirator ti
 prison, he had said that it would b&lt;
 useless to seek to kill him by shooting
 his body—that him heart must be pier
 ced erqpit would cease its throbbing*
 At th© last moment, just aa the aoldten
 were about to fire, he rose up au
 i gazed for an instant around and abovi
 him, on the beautiful capita) of hie na
 live laud, aud its sail-flecked bay, m
 the druse crowda about him, the kku
 mountains in the distance, and the skj
 glorious with the summer sunshine
 Adtos mundo (Farewell w&lt;Artdr) hi
 said calmly, aud sat down. The wort
 j was given, and five balls entered hi)
 (body. Then it was, tint, amidat Ikl
 groans aud murmurs of the horror
 sirtekeu spectators, be roes up one«
 1 more, and turned his bead tp the ©bud
 deriug soldiers, hie face weanag ai
 expression of superhuman courage
 ‘Will no one pity me*’ be said, lajruq
 his hand over hta heart ‘Here, fin
 here!* While he yet spake, two balk

entered nte hem, im be W 1 deed.
 SroMfißßgaai
 and hie iterate death rrili doubtless be
 regarded by bis race u precious te
 gacie*. To Ihe great name* ofl»*Ouver
 tere end Petiod ibe catered awn can
 now add tint of JfanPlncido.
 J i
 KIfOLKY OFBVMIKCi fiIBBN
 Few things shew the tenacity with
 which wa cling, even alter the ctearaat
 demonstration that each is the troth, to
 antiquated error, than the fact that
 there are many iadieiduala, at tha
 present day, who religiously belieirc,
 and, what is worse, so far as regards
 the comfort of themselves and families,
 practice the doctrine, that green wood
 for fool is better, and of course mote
 economical than dry.—We think the
 present season one most admirably
 adapted to cure such an error as we
 conceive this opinion to be; end now,
 white the farms# is suffering with cold
 fingers from his green wood fire, end
 he ts in good earnest lamenting the
 leanness of his wood yard, we would
 request him candidly to renew the
 whole subject, and ask himself whether
 he bad not better desert a position
 which sound theory and daily ex
 perience show is so longer tenable.
 The direct experiments of Dr. Black
 on file!, and the later ones of Count
 Rum ford, as to the best mode of produc
 ing and economizing heat, have in con
 junction with the labors of others, de
 monstrated the very great loss those
 sustain who use unseasoned wood for
 the purpose of fuel. Making an esti
 mate of the various kinds of green
 wood, hard and soft together, and of
 the same wood when thoroughly sea
 soned by exposure to the air, the dif
 ference is found to be equal to at least
 one third of the whole; and if dried at
 a temperature of one hundred, the
 difference will exceed this proportion.,
 —Green wood, therefore, contains at
 least one third of its weight of water,
 and allowing a cord of such wood to
 weigh three thousand pounds, there
 will be one ton of wood and half a ton
 of water in every cord. That the wood
 will not burn so long as this water is
 present in the wood, all will admit; it
 must therefore be evaporated or driven
 off in the form of steam; or, in other
 werds, caloric, or heat enough from
 other sources, must be combined with
 the water to boil away half a ton, Qf
 about one hundred and twenty gallons,
 and as this heat mostly passes off in a
 latent stale, no possible benefit is de
 rived from so great a waste.
 The amount of dry fuel necessary to
 perform this operation of boiling away
 half a ton of water every farmer can
 estimate for himself, and we think no
 one can avoid Seeing that whatever this
 amount may be, it is a total loss to
 himself. It is true, as many argue,
 that the consumption of a green stick
 of wood is less rapid than that of a dry
 1 one; but such forget, it seems, that a
 much larger quantity must be constant
 ly kept on the fire to produce the same
 degree of heat;and that until the green
 I wood has absorbed from other sources
 sufficient heat to expel the water with
 which it is charged, the tire is dull and
 r the heat feeble; there is abundance of
 smoke, but combustion goes on slowly.
 i or not at all.
 e Since the fact of the difference be
 tween the weight of dry and green
 wood as stated above is indisputable,
 we think that those who have
 erahte quantities of wood to move
 would do well to bear this in mind, as
 by attending to this circumstance, a
 l very great diminution in the amount
 of labor requited may be made; and
 9 the striking off the transportation ol
 thirty-three tone iu one hundred, all
 will agree, is no trifling affair. Tu
 labor is honorable; but it is tiiqe opt
 3 farmers should learn that to expend il
 needlessly is not profitable. —Gentset
 i farmer.
 a i
 ivJB ARE ALL COWARDS IN THE
 r DARK.
 it A medical friend of ours who, some
 j years since, visited Paris under circum-
 I stances most favorable to an entree tc
 a roost interesting circle—that of th«
 sqrvivors and ci-devant supporters oj
 the 'Empire,’—tells a capital story, at
 he beard it related by the celebrated
 i General Excelmans, one ofNapoleon’i
 paladins. It was at a dinner party,
 composed of some of the survivors ol
 Waterloo, a few of their younger re
 latives, and the section of an ex-king,
 on a visit from his home in America,
 and to whom our freind owed his intro
 duction to the circle. Some question
 arose about bravery, when the younger
 members of the company were electri
 fied to hear the venerable and heroic
 j Excelmans gravely and seriously de
 i dare, that men were all cowards in the
 dark' The general smiled at their
 expressions of dissent, remarked that
 [»t was ‘very like youth.’ and proceed
 jed to tell the following anecdote in sup
 pact of his strange declaration:—
 i ‘There was a young hot-head in the
 1 emperor’s service, who, burning for
 action, and his duties for the time
 t affording no opportunity, at last re
 solved to fight a duel, and, choosing to
 construe some remark or other of an
 old and superior officer into an insult,
 t challenged him. The old soldier, wav
 i ing all considerations of rank, agreed
 i to meet the young mao, but on the fol
 lowing unusual terms: The time
 i should be night, the place a room,—in
 I I opposite corners of which they were to
 /stand. 'Hie seconds, having placed
 their men, were to withdraw outside
 of the door, taking the candles with
 i (hem. The word should be given from
 without, when be who bad the find fire
 should discharge hu weapon, and the
 seconds bearing the tight should im
 mediately rush in.
 ‘These strange conditions were ac
 cepted, the time arrived, and the
 seconds placed the parties as agreed
 upon; ‘withdrawing immediately, and
 ’tearing their men in the dark. Tha
 word was given, the fire was heard, the
 door was re-opened, and there stood
 the elder of thg*|wo, bolt upright in the
 corner, his adversary's ball having en
 tered thq waft eo*loee ;o his head that
 theesetps seemed Kate teas than teir
 rsculoos
 Tl was now the old soldier's turn to
 fir* They were agam teft m the dark,
 tha word wnsngmo given from the eut
 4
(tarn, Ik ■uaik rtstod in and
 found the challenger prostrate upon the
 examination, it Was found, must have
 killed him
 •The young man waa covered with]
 poafimfeft, and the seconds were over
 whelming him with the expression of
 their acorn, when the veteran stopped
 them.
 •Not so ful, ray young friends,* said
 he* ‘yon will grow wiser. Where do
 yon suppose f was at the first fire Oa
 my bands and knees in the comer; but,
 am foil I war up quicker than het
 Par £»cw, Mestuurt, tee are all cotcard*
 mike dark!'
 It was afterwards whispered to our
 friend that the story was an actual fact,
 and that the elder of the parties was
 no other than the brave warrior Ex
 celmans himself.
 Prm the Lift for the Lory.
 PROVERBS.
 “Much Com, much Cake.”—Turn
 it into Treasury notes, then; but if £ou
 use the word “coin” for the sake, of
 alliteration, and intend by it money at
 large, I bog leave to join issue. Let
 us nave a sample of your cares, you
 gentleman with the long rent-roll.—
 Where be the crows-feet, the wrinkles,
 the anxious look? 1 see them not. 1
 hear no sighs, no sounds of discontent:
 indeed, 1 think I saw a very pleasant
 •mile playing above your double chin
 just now when that poor old man prayed
 —“God bless you as you slipped a
 piece of money into his long, brown,
 skinny band. It does not annoy you,
 I hope, that those children of yours
 have that beautiful lawn for a play
 ground; would you have less anxiety if
 they were displaying dirty, pale faces,
 out of a third story window in Cherry
 •t?—your mind easier, if that pretty
 and exceedingly well dressed woman—
 your wife, I presume, sir—was obliged
 to leave them thus and there, to answer
 the street door bell ol the aforesaid
 house, making herself “decent” in her
 flight, as she rushes down the dark,
 narrow staircase, that she may be back
 in time to prevent a catastrophe? That
 tea colored barouche with the roan
 horses, does not inconvenience you
 much, I hope: or would you feel more
 cheerful as a thirteenth, in a “Knicker
 bocker?”—Be candid, and say “yes,”
 if you think so.—
 Don’t interrupt me—l am speakiug
 to a gentleman. lam aware, sir, that
 the case with you is different; so it
 would be with a dog carrying a bag of
 guineas round bis neck, he knowing
 about as well as yourself how to spend
 them; lean appreciate “much coin,
 much care,” in both instances. Pray,
 be at no trouble to explain; 1 have no
 doubt of your aqxiety to double what
 you possess—of the dreadful exercises
 to which you have put your mind
 (never acute save in getting and sav
 ing) when you are forging some lying
 excuse for not loaning a few dollars to
 a man, who in former days was your
 friend and benefactor—of your care,
 when you are reading the answer in
 chancery, prepared by your lawyer, to
 a bill charging you with having obtain
 ed the “coin” fraudulently;—of your
 care lest the person to whom you have
 made over your property, for reasons
 best known to yourself, should refuse
 to re-assign;—of your care to make a
 vulgar display of your ill-gotten wealth,
 when you think there will be no calls
 on your “generosity,” and your as
 great care to conceal it, and plead
 poverty, on the approach of distress
 claiming sympathy sympathy from
 you, with your “much coin, much
 care,” in your mean mouth.
 Sir, as a certain writer ofa dictiona
 ry would have said, (you would be
 none the wiser were l to tell you his
 name,) Sir, let me hear no more of
 l “much coin, much care.”
 “The early bird catches the worm”
 —i» V®ry taking sort of maxim with
 those who forget that the latter, in all
 insect probability, may be making the
 experiment of some entomological apo
 thegm of a similar tendency, handed
 down from grub to grasshopper, and
 though down in the mouth by the un
 happy result, must meet his fate with
 proverbial philosophy, cynsoled by the
 Jljuf that be is literally “Rising with the
 It is notorious that xll proverbs of
 the “early to bed and early to rise
 school,” meet with but a frosty recep
 tion. “He was up betimes, who found
 the parse of gbld. said the father to
 his sleepy-headed boy. ‘‘Ay, father,”
 replied the sen, “hut he was up before,
 who lost it.”
 Lynching in Arkansas —A negro
 named Alph, who murdered Mr. James
 Anderson of Crawford county, Arkan
 sas, lately, was captured and taken to
 Bentonville on the 15th ult. where by a
 i vote of the persons present it was re
 solved to hang him without trial, and
 the unfortunate man was executed on
 the 20th. He confessed his guilt on
 the scaffold, bat pointed nut a white
 man in the crowd who had instigated
 him to the crime.
 -in.
 The Largest Diamond. —The Het
 says: “It is reported that there has
 been recently discovered among the
 ruins of the Castle of Chains (Haut-
 Vienne) in France, a diamond six
 times larger than the one known as the
 ‘Regent,’ valued at three millions ol
 dollars. Richard Occur de Leon waa
 before this Castle, mod the discovery
 of the jewel substantiates the statement
 of tbe chronicler, that the prince was j
 attracted beneath the walls in the hope
 of obtaining a concealed treasure
 Division of the Forenoon in Eliza
 beth** Reign. —“We wake at hr and
 look about ui, that's eye-hour ;at sev
 en are should prajr, that’s knee-hour;
 at eight walk, that's lag-hour; at him
 gather flowers and phick a rose, that's
 Baas hour; at tea are drink, that's*
 ■oath-hour; at efevna lay shoot us for 1
 victuals, that's hand-hour; at twelve,
 goto dimer, that's bellv-hour.—Mid
 die** ami Changeling
 y
 Ho meats* e EasMmoa. —‘'The
 House of Assembly in Vermont, by a
 rate of 145 lo&gt;4B have passed a bill ex
 •aiftiag the homestead from sale under
 Rt axscution
■^Dcrtiscmcnts.
 ffO*TBAIPTON_Wi«* CUM
 EltcukUj nl atirvfalljr.
 bbssbwsis gas
 oedly acienic Mm, Iwmg *W«ni«»d
 m of philosophic «ml »ciMU&lt;k^^|rkK%e by
 tested hie theory by (t«nMtw« m th«r m«*w,
 I he ModermiMHi m coofidMt that this princyle ol
 natartl sad phyviolcwkrai law, •e«fo ortjr to be a»-
 demtood as he jnstl? appreriniml by as isteffigmr
 and iafminluki nuhiu- j
 Su*ia»oJTbv suck troti taunt,
 yenre’ practical emper fear*- as Diafm&gt;*ba and W
 dropathbi, the undersigned wanld sett- repeal the
 coaoltisiOa* at which he feu arrived by the rease of
 tonck. let. That dm human body, m m Iniihhy
 condition, is in a t**nttrt tkctnaU 2d. 'fb«*
 there are electrical emanations froS the csticiar
 tsrfaee, indicative of health, dr dm MMe asd
 symptoms at diaeaae. 3d. That is aU case*
 the wrist, stomach, or lungs, are ia an electro-posi
 tire itata, (however disturbed,)-Nheve is hope of a
 care; bst when the parte of tha body alluded to are
 ia the cfeetru-iH-gaiive state. Hydropathy can aimed
 1 no relief.
 Had not ihr re-ulu of his practice already con
 vinced the public of the trathfulnem of the principles
 by which fl*e undersigned i» governed, Hi detectiwg
 the naSsre and symptom* of disease, the recent phi
 losophical and scientific demonstration ol their com
 rectneas,bv Professor Menas, of Hear* ia,:tt»d Mr.
 Henuwr, of Inland, n**d the facts and corrobonv
 live testimony adduced -by Ur- toshes, Mr. Slice,
 and others, should be sndirient to convince the tnbsi
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so *euero«wl&gt;
 awarded for bis sdccess w a Diagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom he has had the
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who uiay afford him an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by Ms orr final and phHotojjucal method of practice.
 *lll* Northampton Water Cure is pfc-.tsanUy situ
 ated near Bensouville, on Uw ws.u hank ui Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. lt is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate Uuhmg and dress
 ing-rooms, fot Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently forntebed lodging- rooms, and
 a variety of baths, abundantly supplied with water,
 which, for purity, uid adqptedness to water-curt
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any Other estab
 iishmeni ui this country. A new and coinmodioui
 building has just been completed, cpnuinuig a
 cious dining ball, and pleasant lodging rooms, which
 with the main building, w ill accommodate from St
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with tin
 establishment, affords an agreeable and herlthfu
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity ii
 picturesque aud romantic. There are a variety o
 pleasant walks, sumciontlv retired to allow tla; pa
 tienta to enjoy their rambles witiiout being expose*
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are lie re ikccb .lull)
 treated, are lieadache, tendency of blood to the bead
 i cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chit is, pulmonary affection, livei complaint, jaun
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, dispepsy, general debility, uervou* and spina
 affections, inflammatory and chronic iheunutism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sal
 rheum, scrofulous aiul erysipelas humor*.
 All persons who visit this establishment tor
 course of treatment, should furnish themselves wad
 three comfortable.-, three woollen blankets, one o
 two Linen and three cotton sheets, two pillow cases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, ti
 cut for fomentation*?, an old cloak or mantle, an iim
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Teems.—For treatment and board from #550 t
 *8 50 per week, payable weekly. For a patten
 (from choice or the nature of bia complaint) &lt;&gt;ccu
 pying a room alone on the first and second doors
 «9(*&gt; —with room-mate, $6,50.' For one alone o
 the third floor, #8 50—with room-mate, $5 50
 Patients requiring extra attention or tire in thei
 I rooms, (except for swatliiug purposes,) will furnis
 [their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price
 For patients receiving treatment at home, #1 00.
 1 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 0(
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, solici
 ting advice, will receive attention. Correspond in
 patients should lie particular iu stating (lieu la:
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVIT) ItIJGGLEfL
 Northampton Man., 1849.
 j N.B. V r iritors to the Establishment, from tii
 east, west, nr South, can take the fears of the Coni
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wi
 always be in readiness a! the Northampton depot, t
 convey them hither. That the sick and netvov
 may not be disturbed alter retiring, visitors arrivin
 in the evening traiu are requested to take lodging
 at a hotel.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy cot
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, wide
 is constantly maintained by the activity of tfi
 generating sources within—an excess genet ally pus*
 ng off in silence from llte articular surface, so uu
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer i
 England,upon the unrovere.l skin,” 322 indicate
 the presence of positive electricity. This
 of the fluid upon the m-rface, we believe to be indn
 pensabss to ine Healthful erudition of the w hoi
 animal ecouomy, and that when, lion* auy cause,
 is diminished nr eeasejC, diseased action ensues.
 See address delivered before cite Medical College l
 Georgia, at the opening ut its omm*! session, Not
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor
 Chemistry and Pharmacy, and Professor of Physic;
 Science in Emory College, Us., jtage 25
 r Dr. John Fortes, editor of the British and Foi
 eiqn Medical Review, in mr able article on the cor
 dition and function of the skin, rays: Perhajj
 there is scarcely any disease in which Urn nim
 tion of the skin ia not, to some extent, deranged
 lo w|)ai extent, pfiysiciau* have not bestowed sul
 ficieqt pains to learn; nor have they been accustome
 to give much afteutiou to this part, iu the praetjep
 investigation of diseases. Piljsialag
 teaches us that it is the vehicle for eonveyingou
 of lire system a huge amount of tqufUtf* as well soli
 as liquid; amt practical exprrieme exlnlnls it a*
 the channel through whicb the mat tries math ii
 many instances, and the burthvu of plethora netif
 1 rally, rtml their exit.**
 Tlie London Sun, alluding to tin- discovery o
 voltaic fciecuicitj by Altre*l Bmee, Sturgeon to tb
 Bank of England, says By a test which he term
 electro-voltaic, he lias satisfied himself that the ter
 initial to i» of die sensor nerves are positive poles a
 a voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance ip Us
 negative pole. The sensor nerves am the telegrapiu
 which carry the sensation to the bruin, and the ntotdi
 nerves carry hack tl*e volition to the nmades.” Be
 N. Y. Tribune, April 7, 1849.
 Ur. HoUick, on the euhjeet of electricity, remarks
 There i= m* agent that affect* the body worn, boll
 naturally and artificially See lus work on .Nyu
 I ropathy, published in Pi.dadelphra in 1947, p 127
 The follow iug extract to from an tnteresbag arts
 cle ou electricity, copied l*y iite V Jom uai o
 Commerce from a foreign Seimrim- KeView
 do not p*«un»d to B*y that ietKiency at. f leetmeit]
 may not occur *u one part of the hum m body, a*m
 an excess in same othei part, for a litne, ami tbai
 this way not be the ranee of disease, aad the reeto
 ration of dw equilibrium u,e cute, i think &lt;h-&gt; wo«i
 j likely, and tint it is np*&lt;n thisHr tncipfe' m a g re a
 aieaswe, that tb* wundcflui effects of eleetrrHMg
 netiem, in il*r cure ..I d.-eaw, arc to be exaJasaad
 It is Certain that, v lieu dor electric*! uncbiaes art
 most prodaci..*, we sH foel mast vigorous
 Our nerton- v.stern- ut* then post firm; our dijnrs
 ive org m- u.-'f iCtrv*; out bund: most clear
 ihjiuffi fur like Mika
 T\IL IifoMiLTOiVB Mydioystfot isd AjiWvik
 .X/Asyluai, No 217 Exchange Btreat, opposite tap
 Orphan Asylam, Rochester, N T. Thi* Insfftatio*j
 1 Is now hnaly estaUtsbed and *a wswihl opera-
 I tion The proprietor analyses every disens chat
 admitted them, and applies the natural aad appro,
 pciate remedy.. A tthougf. water teoaeda every way
 that is applied iu any water-cure oiiMiitaaaia m
 the l sited Statea, yet the proprietor wishes it lo In
 expressly understood that it is not relied oaasthe onlg
 or prueipai lenedy is the inmuaeut of disease rob
 ■tilled to bis care. j
 This EsudAtridneiii n designed for that class ol
 invalid* who wive foiled to obtain ifarir InsHh by sff
 ml iwattic*, and ataaiuf! asabie to
 waft, or aland an tie** feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing rat a lift uftsieefy sad snffarFsg with
 out afot hope oiev«s Iniag any better
 The rentedic« made use of ia lh*t institution sot
 •sly entire tv remove disease hat give increased
 ausMth sad eftgticiij to the system. Many barn
 Wen brought here Iran different part* of the cons-
 WJ. had neither walked or borne theii weight
 aa thru feet from five 1~. fifteen war* aud some
 •fo hnwe bees unable to drew oi or even
 to tired isanfoM, and is the ,d a few weeks
 •♦•lff he watt mg with the sWtwity U yoMh aad
 the qajffirnMs efa anil trim*, srtoaaduoat 'bare
 s&amp;fegrfeS
 to reynov* the
 Wifeb3,fo aH its stages
 imarimhimwi im paamrWm fresa twafoi ysnssof age
 Mff area 4 they hsrtw batei caafinaff .in
 ffwfe bedshynoaa to twyy.femlffa 1% tgamLmpft,
 sudrass theuiseivc*, or even too feabfe to
 ateii/nk
 jtod Myd» Upftal
ik. Ti» Pah— l». RJh mart I—, Cu»mm* i m
 *t«&gt; fir* Wwl&gt;m uJ IMelitv.
 itu ghM Mi «hM» attMM'tt
 um**i +*m eptirrfjr dKfaem tom my
 at** private practice or paMk Institution To this
 uod mtk has fo*» laa enceeas. «ad «*afo»
 tiflrd fHW, b* wwhes to rtittibi dies of fcwnrtdr
 obtain their be*)* »ea%Mai|*urpafo*
 against any »L*r pmei.*..«iw, exiiggvratKxi, impo
 sition or deception. feat no «m&gt; need hr to Mtr s
 expaneoia UtfUUf too wufroft bring hayfiuil
 The proprietor w ill enter into a ntciil cootrac.
 with taijfeoewfei «l»hes to do m, that h**’*W hfo*
 iait into tin lafeitwtfon, u&gt; ndvaacfiih* manWiSfod
 Sail the expenses from say part of the r nurd
 trshere and bark Ira* again. W cwm&gt;
 Min 1 r til jLii i Lbririf
 togethei with hi* profrssmual services.for nothing,
 if doe* not help them according td wnhrnrt. Any
 one thinking thrabovr peopaafefo* MU iidieisnt
 guarantee satinet nu»i«p.rieataUoau /«d 'VT
 without receiving equal V nr fit, car. lM ifie jfropjrle
 tor know what tail be smufiwtery, and it afeal b»
 ha* grows up from'‘private prac
 tice of thoae w*&amp; hn*e hriffe*
 her», aa fothiaf baa ever been Mg* i
 and the proprietor Means that It shall •■etain itseL
 by it* owe Ithwits, or pay tWAfthW oflMh'tjte
 choose to a«ke a contract ja cage fd foipp- i
 drain tbi« Circular La set to put known the
 care* that liave been made in tW4 ihWWH®*** hdeaiiae
 •hry mast soon be believed; fe»« to, W
 extensively known to the poor sufferiaa luvahd*
 that have spent hundreds wIMMi Intryiag *ir
 l other systems pf practice, and tfofeh®* my.
 henelit, and still remain confined to their bed* from
 five to trrentv "rear*, thaT there i* an Institution
 whose ireaoneai is difiecaal from any ©the* one tha
 United States, a ad is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it corf theta nothing unless
 they are materially benefited...
 From the nature of treatment in this Lnstiuilmu,
 the number ofpafteilt* mutt be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and 1
 ordinary rases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; rior does be want any one to
 coMapmaltss they wish so gat well, and are vritthig
 to L« made well epoogh to walk from fivo to tweaty
 mile* at a'fime, and follow'it up day after day in
 feueeeisioii; uni also witting to he made nW#th en
 due* m k bor VtJWm of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 on* that goes though a thorough cotrue of treatment
 in the Analytic institution shall show by their in*
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness of
 texture, capanihty of endurance, and rtnpttSted'
 health, that tbe treatsieni in this Institution zafoond
 ed on the natural laws of organized-matter, ami
 consequently its superiority over evety other dSf-‘
 .ferent syvttk of practice. I
 All communications addressed to Dr THOMAS t
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receiva
 itmaediate attention. If requested, reference will
 lie made to those who have been helped in this insu*i
 tuiton and also good references as to responsibility'
 orthe proprietor to meat the above expeases if,
 required. j... i
 r i
 Halsted’s Eclectic Medical lßhtiUte,i
 and Water-Cure Establish mem.
 THIS Insututioa has been in successful operation I
 during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chrome
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi-1
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their,
 j bed* for years, and who were almost in despair'.'
 have had renewed hope and courage when they aave j
 learned that others, laboring under as mapy discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by tins
 treatment after everything else had foiled.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., which produce symptom* of almost all other’
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DT&amp;-'
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS* PAR
 TIAL INSANITY and a host of otliei disease*!
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will nbt.cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are enririg hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians twine their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money
 I V\&gt; are usnyg water tn all the tarietM ways in
 t which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hot a
 COMBIMIO TR£AT«£ST WITH Efc£CXJUcITV,
 and a new mode of application which truly is uiagi
 cal in Its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes udder any other treatment,
 ailowiiigthat treatment an tiesuccemfal, which is not
 tin- cage one time in A*u,c vir .1 d* h.
 FDiskases.—ipr.ilapmis Uteri (I'aHiua
 Ul tte womb,) [.w
 I excessive menstruation, the diseases incide.ni to
 I that period known ks the ‘‘turn of life’—nnvoluntary
 discharge of urine and ifoorics from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent mart Physicians are Willing
 to ackanr ledge, especially within their own pnetiad.
 Female* frequently sufiier for years from the dieeaaea
 i incident to tfe-ir sex, and linger out a ef dalp
 p lessness and pgiu, when a f«*w weeks’oral most a
 tew month would remove their difficulties
 j- and restore them tn their tathifies, frith health to
 I labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of oil tecs. This, has never failed t» be
 accomplished In single instance m this Instituttonf
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on ettierfog it. Many havt vome huadred* at
 mile* on m easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had n6t walked for years.
 ladies have walked uuies- daily helot« leaving tfi*
 Institution. -J";?! s’ t
 U our Knowledge and confidence m thm unjtar
 aldled fer M hiig standing or Chronic! dj.
 j tatta, of wA.utvtr land or nnfnrr, that wo vatt ofer the
 j following
 pßoposmoft
 lUe Witt enter info dropeeint wrTtrn tgfiemeni 1
 suck m dceuo U, wife entep it* Jm*tm an t fblim fAe
 rules and regulations, and go through the. tastern al
 treatment, to pay their tratrV.ntg BV&amp;ritraiti
 the bfptituhtm,and t*+rU, lodge and Hutm them, emd
 I S» ZTJXdSfZZXL
 they art not helped f to agreement. Thf* it Tt
 hoped Will put a stop to tsfov-
 ibo*e iiiu*ru»te«) in palieio&amp; iuktUsf thtiniivn
 charge, and will "he a g to
 by diaeaae, who have spent mm*of rheir substuMce
 m procuring and without
 fouling it: that here they will nors|&gt;end their money
 wrthoof Iwnafit, and that no foAt# Sttitemfeur* or tm
 pusUions will fie prj*. ttoed.appw them.
 The modus operaudi of curing Female difficulties is
 new discover y and practised only eg this ~Tnttitartth
 The most ketptui ami feeble uAnkaiu foes eon
 fined fbr years, are relievedinunedialety W if au yrt
 venud form wfofewg by oiusr ddentee, tan go up
 ctnd down pairs m 48 hours afier commgp ung trmtmsM,
 j without fear or trouble m regard to ihmr orioisal dif
 henty. To produce this almost mttomtmem* relief, I
 the patient ntbjyud torn, pom nmmMm ct opßj
 at every instance a tpeedy cure it performed. If any
 one datdtn IP fim edeet the mam trying and
 I cult case they c&amp; fad, a*d test eyr.uermcpg md tfotf.j
 t Our Ttam are easy.
 N 8.-*-Aoy one vfdMf Urkflow more about cur*
 fr««f 4m*emM -oy other/
 di&amp;cuhy can address u*Jj»*t pafol pad we wdl.
 send them an aeootmt ofßrelfritinnibb—Certificate,
 of report ti.lmm y«ar, km ofj

 P #—Afot mem ia.timfoad, dwreforv »t M aati
 laitsvttttttti ssai
 |jeaaagh v tU. j
 liULt, Medical Initi'tme, Rochettei, N

 •‘Ererr au* kl* on rkrikiaai”
 rrsT pt-Busiteo!
 d for every inmky m tha amaMry, &gt;a« om foa* way
 peatiitMniiMKStm
 Manuel, giving the causes, lyamoat afifi foyfoauav
 hfeuffi, and rule* for ycantmag that state. Appea
 tfod to which are rwpn for foahiif variefie medi-
 CM. o.«k r*.
 iMjE9KB^Sca;S&amp; I
 The iMMs dmtafiaafely i»iU&gt; Mad.

TV book Im bam written with great &lt;w», m
 plant, Mjh Mttih w W
 detstood be 09mj Jptomo, cad Ho practical phjrai
 cwfiml i thoromh botanlrt W# ncoamHfd
 it aUi iriri Mwhw», aw haiag a ow*h i apery*
 aaattresMcu to aay other book »4 hud un
 published it the price
 |i iha iiaimj mi iifwhßy **m k*»-
 atg ia arw waiUW* aad unhealthy c^*M lM lrf
 ■ot fail to procure a copy and h«Ve it At Uaw ai
 bmd, ia maswf *t*mm aa Aw mlffci tbeewby hy
 toowtoWtn weary home m safe and maw adaiaar
 direcuoa (or pamm u*
 health cannot be 100 strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the hook i« *oUi it to low drtrt
 A** 1 *°Py&gt; “m*' ahoald he
 The book ts put Ap m fa per Wlm». tad can
 mwila huraAjjurmil P oalv #4 cent* to any
 avtofihr Uated Sawf
 Aatr pawort WadWtf o»&gt; -nr dUbr amt. j,,d
 p«4 Ipyotg ,h lo««W» *l»ll have tour
 copies aeat him Jrtt of po**i'
 Send IA ydur neflWr**, There'll mi risk fft aeVjJt*,*
 aiary by amah. it warn to —»4siiy, and ibe books
 always reach tJT»r deyuuation.
 fjdr* Poor (amities can chib totrrtlwi and wad a
 dohhr hiU, aad harm A»ar books sent to mtkixmt
 iVkNTKD— Agoats uf most qt the Sutra to soil
 this work, almost every tamil. «i}| purchase it ,t
 ewnried to thei* d««r»« A small capital ot from
 W Q CT.n *ffs;^-
 April I, ISAft' •ftachAops st, Rochester, N Y
 ■n4't| As .ale-
PP^HIPPHPHMnPMRMniM
 JBliop
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 P f iti ,i.. t 4 Tft r Mo ST
 RemrfcaMe External Application
 Em IMscomrH!
 Tf'lME and CTprrieace hive fully proved ihai thi»
 aI&gt;&amp;NIV£JIRA£ RE MED V has not it*
 on the lut of popular medicine*, Laving been before
 the puWlc for more than fourteen yetir*. Testimo
 ny ef the most disinterested ehai after of its wgr.
 derail effects on the animal economy i» almost &lt;iaiK
 presented to toe proprietor. It u worthv 0 f jpr.
 dai remark, that beside the great and
 powers in die cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 tbe Farrier and Fanner, ted the wonder of toe
 ptblic generally, it haa been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which'
 AFFLiCT THE HUMAN RACE
 Ignorance of tacts and philosophy, start at toe
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself tbe virtue of curing many diseases- Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Kaaiiv Embrocation,
 will cure most vases and relieve such as the toliow
 ing, among many other* in the core of which this
 Otr has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely (ailed.
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 i Sections, Bite* of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 I Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Sjcakis, Cramps, Strains, Spnuu*,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractieuaof the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, lie.
 Also a host of diseases
 I in Horses and other
 animals,such au
 1 SPAVINS,
 Sweeney,
 RLSUBQNE,
 Windfall, Poll Ev.i,
 tallow*!Cracked Heels,
 i Galls of all kind*,
 Fresh Wound*, Brulsei,
 i Fistula,Sitfasr, Strains, Lameuesi.
 Sand Cracks, Foyudered Feet, in'ratches,
 OR UREASE, MANGE, FARCY, 4, 4
 Numerous aie the unsolicited itatemsnu of 1*
 tients therrßeires, and otben who hart* used the Oil,
 ot cure* whn.ii in themselve* appear *0 leicarkaLlc
 that were they 11 all interested in apecuinaiy pou.i,
 t they oouhl hardly have been credited
 1 he cekebi lied Ur. Parker also writes as loiiow*
 Dear Sii n.u&gt; opi escribed your Gargi'ng Oil in
 various ra«P3 of
 j PRACTICAL* SURGERY,
 as a liniment, w ith marked success, and would cuin-
 I mend it to physician* generally for external use in
 all tumors, -prams, white swelling*,
 and in all rlteuwatic affection*, where external
 means are necessary: A* a dlscutient, it is ham.
 less where the tiebrile symptoms have been reduced
 1 ttfcannem. In such cases, it is die most
 i ettirieiit remedy withiu the circle of means uow m
 to
 I wouldals 1 lecomutend it to community «t lutge
 a* a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general lever in all tbe above diseases, to be used
 i freely, and to counteract mrlummaiion iu a remark
 I able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 i ing, and consequent soreness In hot weather
 From the peculiar nature of thie Oil, and toe
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands ol
 the FARRIER FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 I great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been vi well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea tot die 'j atat
 lor instance, rend the lolloping;
 I, TO OWNERS OF HORSES
 Thu i, to certify that 1l h*v* fflaiiy
 3 nd haTJ tU to two hundred horses,
 tig OimC Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 .*O. innrh p'y ttlld caftW p.L. y litml for ,u toe
 t 2?“ horfen are liable to, I never saw it.
 p«&lt;JW»_ 4 _ j uae a Vx,ut one bottle per month, and re
 1 'onuiWnd ft to the public as the best medicine fo»
 1 l«e*e* now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will be
 promptly rwpomied to.
 j Get,* pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by tbe use of this medicine
 1 Sold toy fMpectafih* dealers generally in the Uni
 tod Atuum and Gated*.
 Apsp by Post St Willis, Wm. huii&lt;,L B
 SSvlVj Wlffstovr ft Youko, H. D A'sdt,
 I Rochester, x.i. 1,
 HSt E Gaylord, Hendetson St Pan.leison, Ck&gt;e
 landV'O.; o Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gor iot
 I St lamely Cincinnati, O McClure St Co, Albany;
 Hollister A Cw Buffalo, Ureenrr.au at Smith, l'u
 ci; P D Orris It Co, Troy, NY. Ja\f It—dm.
 1 tolls -.t5. r h
 BtiU&gt;U PcrittiUctl Literature*
 V4u IdmtLm Vuartoiy Rmrttu, ike Edenlmtgh Rexim
 Tfre North Bnltek Rtvtcc., the Hut meatier Ret us,
 aad BUcJntood’t Edtnburgk Me+Jtxtms.
 THE widespread tame 01 these spisodid pcnodi
 cals renderv &gt;r needless to siy mocti in their praise
 Aa literary organs, ttey stand tar in advance ot
 hoylhiug of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of csch it marked bv a dignity,
 cuodgr, and fiarbearaaee, not Atsa found m works
 ot a party character.
 They embrace tbe views of the three great parties
 in Esglaath-Tury Whig, and Radical Black
 wood and tfc Loudon (Quarter!} ais J ury; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig, and the West min
 Wgssew Kbdicat The North .Br.ush Rc
 vmif. ‘Stow* j 4, m religious characisr, having been
 originaitv sdited by Di Chalmers, and now sines
 to* dsoAtw conducted by his sob-in-law, Dr
 Hntpa* teWiicmM w»th, Sir fStyid Brswstar, iu
 literary charactar is of ttoi very highest order. Tfc*.
 Vfihtniwkr, thosßk reprinted urKVr that tuis OtAf,
 is u'Misead m Kaghmd nadw the title ot The For*
 Sign Quarterly and Wesuniusisr—it being in (act a
 batoa of the two Reviews formerly republished sad
 roprietsd anger separate utks. it fcas, therefore,
 tbe advantage l.y torn combination ot uniting in one
 work.toe best features of botfi as herscokxr issued
 'll* shove Pcnodjcaiekie reprinted is New Yosk,
 tnunediatoiv on then arrival by the Britub steamers,
 ui a Wautrfuf (dear type, on tee while papsi, and*
 tea of tte ongmale, Bmcfcwood's
 Majgjunn, Umg an exact Jtu+imdt of the Edinburgh
 ffticra rot* Ib4h, (tr evteen.rtvro. caklv
 l or aag oueoi the tosr Mmtmm, X W per aomte.
 *o#
 Mf IMY (fIWM An 7 (Wi *4
 IV ail tour 01 the Uevmwa, guto
 For Blackwood’s Maganas, lOu
 9 00
 4 te
 rdyuunii to tat Mode ut &lt;tU cotes oUcants
 g clubbing. rv
 Pour copiss of tey or aff the above works will
 !fcnV* l Z^" 1 r w
 Early copieh.
 Ah*e arraamewt wuh the Bi.u*L pnbiahei;
 Black w«od Hagetinr muvm to as exrty sheets
 which wr shall be »«hhc to place thu
 teidber ia (he hand* of *oL*coWr» Uk*« nay
 U rteih «f k exo he reprint*.! in any of the Amen* *o*
 d. wraais. Poe than and wsher wGantMse secured to
 44'idheciihein w«pnjr en tegs a ftaJasmuoa. dwt
 hainiwhe eampeird ttt wu»e the prtSe ef the
 we repeat sdtocoha ee**y wkii*
"
