"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor
VOL 11. NO. HIT/
The NOR Til 9T4K is p«bU»he4 every
 Fruia*, at Ho. Buffalo Street,]
 TERM'*.
 Two dollar* pet annua, e«M. &lt;u» adtanc*. Ns
 tub*cripiion win be received fi.&lt; a lee* term tba*
 «ix month*
 AdvertieeaieM* aot exceeding ten line* inserted
 three line* lor on* dollar; every tubeeqoent iuaer
 non, tsventy -five cent*.
 The object of the North Star will be to attack
 SLAVERY in all it* form* nnd atpejD; advocate
 Univm'»i Enarmfatioi*; exalt the atattdard
 v t IHihtic morality, promote tlte moral and intellee
 u*l imp* cement of the Colored People; and
 Listen day of FREEDOM to the 1 hrxr
 Xitmn! f our enslaved fellow countrymen.
 HjBLISUERb notices.
 £F dll communication* relation to the tutvuu r
 martyr of the paper, name- of wbacriber*, remit*
 lance*, Stc abouMl be addretaed to Joan
 Publ.shet
 Afent*, and ah other* sending name*, are
 regretted to be accurate, and to give the Pott qfict,
 Ihe County, and the State. Each Subscriber it inl
 inei.atelv credited for monej received.
 sp* Any person tending in payment for four eab
 •cribert to be forwarded to one addrees, may
 have a fifth copy for one vear.
 AH letter* and comaaanicaitoo* mast be poet
 paid i
 LIST or AGENTS.
 Mass ACitvs*TT*. —R. F Wallctit, 21, Cornhiii,
 Enter.; Nathan Jobnaon, New Bedford; Horalio
 \V. Foster, Lowell; James N Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth; David Haggle*, North
 ampton.
 Co.v.tj,CTicoT.—Jona Leonard, New Haven.
 Nrw York —Sydney H Gay, 142, Nunn
 Street; Jame- M’Cune Smith, 91, Wen Broad
 way; Joseph Pott, \Ve*tburv, Queen Couuty; Ma
 rv Harper, Albany, Eha* Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keeee, Peru, Clinton Couaty; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey. Geneva; E. L- Platt, Bath.
 Khodklsla r d.— Amaranc v Paine,Providence.
 PERjtSTLTARiA.— J. M. fa’K.im, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; G. W Goine*, 8, Kx
 chauge Place, Ditto; B. Bown, Pituburgh; Wm.
 ‘Vhipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.— J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson, Harveysburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
Selections.
 From the Liberator.
 LETTER FROM WILLIAM W,
 BROWN
 London, Nov. *2*2d, 1849.
 To Wendell Phillips, Esq.:
 Dear Friend, —I observe in the A
 merican papers an elaboratetliscussion
 upon the subject of passports for color
 ed men. What must the inhabitants of
 other countries think of the people of
 the United States, when they read, as
 they do, the editorials of some of the
 Southern papers against recognizing
 colored Americans as citizens? In
 looking over 9ome of these articles, 1
 have felt ashamed that I had the misfor
 tune to be born in such a country.—
 We may search history in vain to find'
 a people who have sunk themselves as
 low, and made themselves appear as in
 famous by their treatment of their fel
 low men, as have the people ol the
 United States. If eolored men make
 their appearance in the slave States as
 seamen, they are imprisoned until the
 departure of the vessel ll lliey make
 their appearance at the capitol of the
 country, unless provided with free pa
 pers, they are sold for the benefit of the
 Government. In most of the States we
 are disfranchised, out children are shut
 out from the public schools, and em
 barrassments are thrown in the way of
 every attempt to elevate ourselves.—
 And after they have degraded us, sold
 us, mobbed us, and .done every thing
 m their power to oppress us, then, if
 we wish to leave the country, they re
 fuse us passports, upon the ground that
 we are not citizens This is emphati
 cally an age of discoveries; but I will
 venture tile assertion, that none but an
 American slaveholder could have dis
 covered that a man born in a country
 was not a citizen of it Their chosen
 motto, that ‘all men are created equal,'
 when compared with their treatment of
 the colored people of the country, sinks
 them lower and lower in the estimation
 of the good and wise of all lands In
 your letter of the 15th ult., you ask if I
 succeeded in getting a passport from
 the American Minister tn London, pre
 vious to going to Paris to attend the
 Peace Congress. Through the mag
 nanimity of the French Goverriment, all
 delegates to the Congress were
 ted to pass freely without passports.—
 1 did not, therefore, apply for one
 But as I intend soon to visit the Conti
 nent, and shall then need one, I called
 a few days since on the American Min
 ister, and was furnished with a passport,
 ©1 which the following is a copy. If it
 will be of any service in the discussion
 upon that subject, you are at perfect
 liberty to use it.
 Legation of the United States of
 America in England.
 Passport .Vo 33.
 The underaigned, Envoy Extraordi
 nary and Minister Plenipotentiary of
 the United States of America, at the
 Court of the United Kingdom of Great
 Britain and Ireland, begs all whom it
 may concern to allow salffly and freely
 to pass, and m case of need, to give aid
 and protection to
 MR WILLIAM W. BROWN,
 a citizen ol the United States, going on
 the Continent.
 Given under my signature, and the
 unprint of the seal of the legation in
 fjondon, Oct. 31, 1849, the 74th year
 of the independence of the United
 States.
 For the Minister,
 JOHN C. B DAVIS,
 Secretary of Legation.
 so you see, iny friend, that though
 we are denied citizeuship in America,
 and re (used passports at home whan
 wishing to visit foreign countries, they
 dare not refuse us a passport when we
 apply for it iu old England There is
 o public sentiment here, that, hard
 hearted as the Americans are, they fear
 When will the Americans fleam, that if
THE NORTH STAR.
they would encourage liberty in other
 countries,they roust practice it at home
 If they would inspire the hearts of the
 struggling millions in Europe, they
 should not allow one human being to
 wear chains upon their own soil. If
 they would welcome the martyrs for
 freedom from the banks of the Danube,
 the Tiber and the Seine, let them libe
 rate their own slaves on the banks of
 the Mississippi and the Potomac. If
 they would welcome the Hungarian
 flying from the Moody talons of the
 Austrian eagle, they must wrest the
 three millions of slaves from the talons
 of their own. They cannot welcome
 the wanderer from the battle-fields of
 freedom in the old world, as long as the
 new world is the battle field of slavery.
 Should the Kossuth* and the Wimmers
 t visit America, they would be reminded
 of their friends they left in chains in
 Austria, by the clanking chains of the
 Americau slave.
 When we see the efforts that are
 made in America to spread slavery
 over new territory, and to put back ev
 erything like emancipation, we .must
 admit that our country is in a deplora
 ble condition. But this, instead of dis
 couraging us, should make us to labor
 with renewed zeal. We must not give
 the Americans any rest until slavery is
 abolished. There was a time, in the
 history of Athens, that the people want
 ed the passage of more wholesome laws,
 and to keep their wishes before the
 law-makers, they wrote them upon the
 wall of the city until they gained their
 point. We will not write our wishes
 upon the stone wails in America, but
 we will write them upon the hearts of
 the people of the entire world, until we
 shame the Americans into good man
 ners.
 I was asked a few days since, at a
 meeting, if 1 was not afraid that the ab
 olitionists would become tired, and give
 up the cause as hopeless. My answer
 was, that the slave’s cause was in the
 hands of men and women who intended
 to agitate and agitate, until the iron
 hand of slavery should melt away, drop
 by drop, before a fiery public sentiment.
 Yours for the slave,
 WM. W. BROWN
MR. CLAY ON SLAVERY AND THE
 NEW TERRITORIES.
 Mr. Clay reached Baltimore from
 Philadelphia on Thursday last, and met
 with an enthusiastic, greeting. The
 Baltimore American, after giviifg a
 glowing account of his reception, says:
 At 11 o’clock yesterday morning,
 Mr. Clay, in accordance with previous
 arrangement, took his position between
 two of the parlors on the lower floor o.
 the lioletr Both the capacious rooms
 were immediately filled almost to suffo
 cation, and the wish being loudly ex
 pressed from alUfarts of the room that
 the venerable matesman should address
 them, Mr. Clay gratified them by mak
 ing a few remarks.
 After referring to the warmth of the
 reception which had greeted his arrival
 here, and the strong evidences of friend
 ship evinced towards him by those who
 then surrounded him, Mr. Clay pro
 ceeded to remark [so far as our memo
 ry serves us, for the crowd prevented
 the taking of notes] that the gentlemen
 of this city who had directed the letter
 to him had referred in connection with
 his return to the Senate to the grave
 questions which had yet to be settled
 there, great, threatening, and alarming
 questions, wnich had arisen out of the
 war with Mexico, and the annexation
 to our Republic of territory formerly
 belonging to that country. All who
 were acquainted with these territories,
 he thought, must have reached the con
 viction to which his own mind had been
 brought, that under no possible circum
 stances was Slavery likely to be intro
 duced into the Territories of California
 or New Mexico. The climate, the
 character of the country and its inhab
 itants, and their industrial pursuits, all
 forbade the likelihood of Slavery ever
 being introduced there
 That question had, however, divided
 the people to an unexampled degree,
 and created animosities to a most la
 mentable extent. On the one side the
 prohibition of the introduction of slave
 ry into these territories is urged with a
 resoluteness- and perseverance which
 would indicate that those who urge it
 really believe that if this prohibition is
 not passed, slavery would be introduc
 ed On the other hand the prohibition
 is opposed with an energy and a perse
 verance that would also seem to indi
 cate that with them the belief exists that
 if the prohibition be not passed, that
 slavery might certainly be introduced.
 But, gentlemen, (said Mr. Clay) I ap
 peal to you—is there, under existing
 circumstances, any probability that the
 institution of slavery could be introduc
 ed into these territories
 Indeed, so far has the excitement
 growing out of this question arisen as
 to threaten the dissolution of the Union.
 1 might have consulted prudence by
 saying nothing in reference to these
 exciting questions —bat asyou have re
 ferred to them in your letter, 1 have
 deemed it proper to thus notice that re
 ference, and I would further say that on
 one point 1 stand pledged under all
 circumstances and in all storms—that
 is, TO STAND BV the Union!—[enlbusi
 astic applause.] In its dissolution I
 cannot see the remedy for any evil,
 whether real or imaginary—nothing,
 nothing could be gained—all would be
 lost by*it. By the diasolution of the
 Union I see introduced with it all the
 calamities, all the misfortunes, and all
 idle horrors of civil war. [Cheer.
 Untangling foreign alliances by the
 severed portions of the Union would
 follow dissolution, and wars—bloody
 ■desolating and continued wars would
 succeedfuntU some bold and unscrupu
 lous military chieftain should aaize the
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF -NO COLOR-GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN
liberties of all, and convert the whole
 into one militaiy despotism. We should
 then need no history of our'eountry, but
 all that had' been written in that of
 Greece—in that of her Phillip and her
 Alexander—might be read as applica
 ble to us. [Renewed and continued
 applause.]
From tbe Oberiio Evangelist.
 STATE OF JAMAICA^
 The correctness of one position which
 I have taken in showing the state of
 things in Jamaica is questioned by
 some, and I wish to look at it and ex
 plain a little farther.
 I say—“As the cultivation is devoted
 almost exclusively to exports, and the
 wants of the people are supplied by im
 ports, the true state And prospects of
 the Islaud may be very nearly deter
 mined by comparing them for a given
 year, and by comparing each, one year
 with another.”
 I am asked—“ Does this follow of
 course?” It is acknowledged that in a
 state of slavery it would probably be
 true; but not in a state of freedom, on
 the ground that the emancipated may
 consume a fnuch larger part of the pro
 ductions, and be in a prosperous condi
 tion, though there should be a large
 falling off in*he exports; and that the
 imports might vary greatly, and yet the
 Island be in a prosperous condition. I
 am not here discussing the comparative
 comfort of the inhabitants of Jamaica
 under the system of slavery and free
 dom. If I were to take up that ques
 tion in the series of articles I have com
 menced, many of the facts I have bro’t
 forward to show the commercial and
 agricultural state might then be view
 ed in another light. On that question
 I should show that the emancipated
 people, at least the majority of them,
 have gathered around them very many
 comforts to which they were strangers
 in the time of slavery, except as they
 became acquainted with them in the
 aggravated manner of seeing others en
 joy them at their expense. I should
 show, also, that the people consume
 much more of the products of the Is
 land than they did formerly. Ido not,
 however, see but my statement is sub-|
 stantially correct, since the peoples’
 consumption of their own products will
 not give them means to pay for the sur
 plus of imports, and those imports are I
 no', permanent stock which forms real
 estate, or in any way increases the
 wealth of the island, but are for the
 current consumption of the Island, aod
 are really consumed by the inhabitants.
 The falling off of imports would not ar
 gue the want of prosperity, but the
 contrary, if the deficiency was supplied
 by *boir productions, ttULJCbUA. iLtt
 met by the capital of the Island, or for
 the want of capital which is available
 for such purposes, the surplus of im
 ports becomes a debt in the shape of
 mortgages in the hands of foreigners,
 we think there are decided signs of de
 cay unless a foundation is laid by the
 process for a resuscitation of capital to
 meet those debts. I see no way in
 which this is being done, unless it is in
 the discipline the inhabitants are pas
 sing through to prepare them for wiser
 and more economical management in
 the future.
 Yours truly, Wm. H. Evarts.
BAPTIST GAGGING FOR ANTI
 SLAVERY OPINIONS.
 From the Concord (N II.) Independent Democrat
 Andrew T. Foss has been excluded
 from the Salisbury Association. This
 is a matter for New Hampshire anti*
 slavery to mark. It is no sectarian af*
 fair—it looms above the confines of the
 Baptist denomination into the region ol
 common humanity, it is extra-cathedral
 No sect, no party, no church, no coun
 try, can confine the anti-slavery cause.
 How can the Salisbury Baptist Associ
 ation?
 This is no personal quarrel between
 Foss and the Salisbury Association, any
 more than sectarian. The phylacteries
 of his creed are as broad as the mosl
 popular “divine” among them. Hie
 moral character unquestioned, his stat
 ure as full, his form as comely as when
 his hand penned theit;records —his chi
 rography has not changed. For none
 of these things do the Association care.
 The President of the Baptist State Con
 vention thinks “he is a Christian, and
 would go to Heaven,” —“anhonorable
 man,” but “his course injurious to the
 cause of Christ,” and the Salisbury
 Association exclude him—for what?
 Because he will plead the cause of one
 hundred and twenty-five thousand
 brethren of their own faith who are rob
 bed of their dearest rights—and degra
 ded to the level of beasts—because h«
 will labor for three millions of human
 beings crushed under the ponderoui
 wheel of American Slavery. I call up
 on the anti-slavery men and women ol
 New Hampshire, to. note this, that, in
 the person of A T. Foss, whom the
 Baptists of New Hampshire have spurn
 ed, they are scoffed at and scorned, and
 the cause they have cherished as the
 apple of their eye” is spit upon and de
 spised The Salisbury Association
 have closed their doors against the
 faithful Foss Let 4he heart of every
 abolitionist be opened to him! Wel
 come, Brother, to our heart. As long
 as you stand upon the platform of anti
 slavery, I will not flurry myself abort
 the high heeled soles of your theology
 If my toes are not crowned into the
 same fit, and the cowhide boots of creed
 are not used to grind into the dust the
 already down-trodden dart, I will stand
 side by aide with men of ell creeds and
 colors', to labor for mankind, though 1
 stand only on the cuticle hardened by
 use that God ban given roe. And 1
 venture to proffer you the welcome
 of the abolitionists of New Hampshire
 invite you to the ConvenUoo ol
 free souln the country through-the
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1849.
world over. Yes, sod when that great
 Convention shell assemble, end when
 they shell coos from the North end die
 South, from the East end the West, to
 sit down in the kingdom of God, Christ
 will invite you to e seat with the angels
 and all the just made perfect, to reign
 with him forever,|
 The cause of anti-slavery is a dura
 tion cause, and it becomes all true lov
 ers of Christ to notice how the arch
 fiend of this sham Republic is scaring
 the consciencee of the "professors.”—
 How he is gagging their mouths and
 pressing them into his service—take the
 Baptists, as they are just now in oar
 minds. See bow they ere joined with
 Slaveholders on one side, and striking
 numb those who would undo the heavy
 burdens, on the other side.
 The American Baptist Missionary
 Union's Constitution and Treasury are
 open to slaveholders, although there is
 a pretended separation. The Constitu
 tion of the Union says:
 "All the members of the Baptist
 General Convention who may be pres
 ent at the adoption of this Constitution,
 shall be members of the Union. Other
 persons may be constituted Life Mem
 bers by the payment, at one time, of
 not less than one hundred dollars."^
 There is no prohibition hery or any
 where else of slaveholders and their
 money. The only requisite for office
 is, "members in good standing of reg
 ular Baptist churches." Here they in
 vite merr who buy and sell the image of
 God, and keep their brethren in a worse
 condition than heathen, to participate
 in their meetings and labors for evan
 gelizing .the distant heathen, and in
 teaching them a slaveholding religion,
 while A. T. Foss is excluded from their
 sympathy for his anti-slavery faithful
 ness It is not only through this Union
 that slaveholders are recognized as
 Christian, but by fellowshiping the
 American Foreign Bible Society and
 the Publication Society; and by sending
 an agent in the slateholding States the
 past year to collect funds for the Union
 Treasury. I merely allude to these
 facts to show the true position of the
 Baptist professors who are attempting
 to vote down anti-slavery in the person
 of brother Foss. I leave him to enlarge
 upon it.
 I know that it is pretended by most
 of these sectarians that they h&amp;va the
 cause of the slave near at heart. How
 much they love the cause will appear
 from the following extract from an ac
 count of the N. H. Baptist State Con
 vention by one of its members. The
 Convention was held October, 1549.
 Eld. Worth, of Fisherville, presented,
 a paper containing rules of order for
 the obsfervahceof the Convention
 There was nothing of special interest in
 these rules, except the fourth; this was
 substance as follows: when any subject
 shall be brought before the Convention,
 and any member shall object to its be
 ing discussed, the President shall im
 mediately put the question,—Shall this
 subject be discussed If the Conven
 tion vote in the negative, no discussion
 shall be had thereon. As the question
 oi adoption was being put, 1 objected to
 the rule.
 Ist. As unprecedented in any delibe
 rate bodies, civil or ecclesiastical in our
 State.
 2d. As destructive of sound rights in
 its operation. I called the attention of
 the Convention to the operation of this
 rule in our State Legislature, which is
 strongly democratic, —that the rule
 would deprive the Whigs of the right
 to speak at all upon any measure, how
 ever they might deem it of vital impor
 tance' unless their Democratic brethren
 might by courtesy vote them the indul
 gence. That no political party in the
 State would desire such unrighteous
 advantage, none would submit to it.—
 That it had been tried in our National
 Congress, and after a brief life of infa
 my it had gone to the grave, to be re
 membered only with mortification and
 regret. No reply was made to my re
 marks; I did not expect it—the subject
 would not have borne discussion. Ten
 voted for it, fewer against it, and so
 the rule passed—and will show to the
 world the singular and humiliating fact,,
 that the miserable rag of despotism
 which some years since was torn from
 the back of the American Congress,
 has been picked up by the N. H. Bap
 tist State Convention, and for one year
 at least, at most, I hope, she wears the
 shameful deed.
 A report was read by Eld. Wright,
 Chairman of the Committee on the A.
 fc Foreign Bible Society, highly com
 mending the Society. 1 moved to amend
 the report by adding at the cloae, the
 words ‘we deeply regret that this Soci
 ety sent the pest year an agent into the
 alaveholding States to collect funds for
 its Treasury." The motion being sec
 onded, I commenced some remarks in
 support of the amendment, but here the
 Convention found an opportunity to try
 their new made fourth rule, and it work
 ed admirably, closing aM lips in silence.
 Previoos to the enforcement of the rule,
 Elder Wright had said we bad no evi
 dence that such an agent had been sent
 to the South l proposed to ask the
 agent, Elder Seaver, who only a few
 days before bad acknowledged the fact,
 and expressed bis regret that the Soci
 ety had so done. It was at this point
 that the rule was applied, it was a case
 where it was greatly needed The
 agent of the PoWication Society was
 received with great pleasure, and every
 facility was granted him to promote the
 interests of bis Society. A report w«
 made on this Society hy Prof. E. fr
 Smith, commenting the Society toM
 churches of the Stale. Now this Sect*
 tw.
 may manner whatever separatee iron
 slaveholders; the Society is now, sail
 ever has been, connected with the fiashj
mongers of the South in jibe closest
 fraternity
 Thera was present the astral somber
 of agents, Eld. CnMßcott represented
 the Northern Baptist Education Socie
 ty, and the Missionary Union. Elder
 Seaver the Bible Society. Eld. Fuller
 the Home Missionary Society. Elder
 Metcalf the Publication Society end
 Eld. Piper and myself, the Free Mis
 sion Society. Each of these agents bad
 time appropriated to them to advocate
 the claims of thair respective Societies.
 I moved that brotbsr Piper be allowed
 fifteen minutest some of the agents
 used more than an hour, but I asked
 but fifteen short minutes for brother
 Piper to be beard, in setting before the
 Convention the condition and prospects
 of the Missions connected with the A-
 B. F. Mission Society.
 But they voted an emphatic No.
 There were other developments bear
 ing upon the same point*, which cannot
 be presented in one article.
 Christians and Abolitionists, ponder
 these facts end.be stimulated to renew
 ed exertions. Truth wit! prevail, though
 Salisbury Association ao pass resolu
 tions and Baptist Conventions enact
 Gag Rules. H. O. S.
fEXTENSION OF SLAVERY.]
 Letter from Mr. Foot*, of Mwusippi, to
 Mr. CUngman of North Carolina.
 Washington, November 10, 1840.
 Sir —Being casualty informed ofjour
 recent arrival in this city, I seize the
 opportunity of invitiog your attention
 to a subject of high importance to the
 whole country, and of especial concern
 to the Southern States of the confede
 racy—one of which you have the hon
 or to represent in the councils of the
 nation. The session of Congress is
 almost at hand, and indications are
 abroad, and every moment multiplying,
 which seem to render it quite probable
 that the Wilmot Proviso, and the Abo
 lition of Slavery in the District of
 Columbia, will be again brought for
 ward, either in the Senate or House of
 Representatives, and supported by the
 zealous and unscrupulous advocates or
 these mischievous measures with in
 creased violence and confirmed perti
 nacity. It is most evident to me that
 the Union itself will be put in serious
 leopardy by the movements thus mena
 ced, as I hold it to be certain that no
 State of‘the South will patiently acqui
 ssce in cither of the aggressions alluded
 ;o. I regret to perceive that there is
 in erroneous impression widely preva
 lent tat the North, that the South is
 neither in earnest nor united in any
 icheme of opposition and resistance to
 ;he insulting encroachments now so
 lercety thr*s4«n«d. It lhim imprsssiqn
 s permitted to remain uncorrected un
 il either of the meditated outrages re
 ferred to shall have been perpetrated,
 t is to be feared that it will be to late
 o save the republic from consequences
 :oo dreadful to be contemplated witb
 &gt;ut a feeling of patriotic solicitude and
 ilarm; whereas, it is my firm convic
 ion that, if the the sober, thinking men
 )f the free States could once ascertain
 :he danger that demagogues and fanat
 cal agitators are fast bringing upon
 :hem and their unoffending brethren of
 he South, by the advocacy of schemes
 rf injustice and oppression, which can
 not possibly result in practical benefit
 to any section or State of the confede
 racy, they would rise up, without fur
 ther delay, and say to the agents of se
 dition, who have heretofore I sported
 with their credulity and abused their
 confidence, that the period has at length
 arrived when they will no longer per
 mit them* in their name, to trample the
 sacred provisions of the Constitution
 under foot, aud embroil the Legislative
 councils of the nation in unseemly and
 wicked controversy. Taking this view
 of the matter, and knowing that you
 have had an opportunity of conferring
 freely, during the past summer, with
 pour fellow-citizens of North Carolina,
 venture to lay before you the resolu
 tions recently adopted by the Southern
 Convention of the State of Mississippi,
 and eall upon you to say whether or
 not you approve of them, and whether
 they are, in your opinion, approved io
 the State of North Carolina, and the
 South generally. Being a prominent
 member of the Whig party, you will,
 doubt lesa feel authorised to apeak in
 language too explicit to be misunder
 stood, as to the probable action of our
 political associates in the South, shook)
 the present seetional contest be carried
 to extremities. In the Convention of
 Mississippi, you will observe, both the
 two great political parties of the coun
 try were equally represented; the res
 olutions, unanimously adopted by that
 body, may be therefore regarded as
 declarative of thefriews and feelings of
 the whole State. However it may pos
 sibly be elsewhere, I can assure you,
 mom confidently, that the people of
 Mississippi look upon the Slavery ques
 tion, in its existing aspects, as above
 pasty lam satisfied that this is the
 condition of things generally in the
 Soetb; and I hope that you will feel
 justified in expressing a concurrent
 opinion.
 1 bad the honor of addressing, a few
 days since, inquiries similar to those
 now propounded to you, to your dis
 tinguished colleague, the Hon. Willie
 P. Maogum, who proposes, so soon as
 the physical indisposition with which he
 is at present afflicted will permit, to de
 clare bis views on the whole subject, in
 a Hmm m Mrti nt **V Anna
 a some worn ennweaiorn. iam grat
 ified tn know, and to he specialty au
 thorized to state, that he felly and
 warmly approves the proceedings of
 ear Mississippi Convention, as was cer
 tainty to be expected from ooe always
 ready heretofore, aa be has been, to
 defend the honor and safety of the
 South against; aggressions, either ac
 -t
j teal or meditated, from whatever quar
 ter they might emanate.
 I have the honor to be, very cor
 dially and respectfully, your friend anc
 obedient servant,
 K. S. FOOTE.
 Hon, Thomas L. Cuxcxax.
 Reply of Mr. CHngman to Mr. Foot*.
 Citt or Washington,
 Not. 13, 1849.
 Dear Sir—Yours of the 10th u.st.
 baa been received, in which you ask
 my own views, as well as my opinion
 as to wbat will be the course of the
 South in either Of the contingencies
 referred to. Your position as a rep
 resentative .of one of the States, and
 the consideration due you personally,
 merit alike a prompt reply.
 Having on former occasions given
 my views in detail with reference to the
 whole subject, it is not necessary fur
 me to do so at tVs time. I proceed,
 therefore, to give you simply the gen
 eral results of ir.y reflections.
 The Federal Government, because
 it is the goverrment ’of the United
 States, is the trustee and agent for all
 the States and their citizens. Every
 Dower, therefore, which it can ightfnl
 ,y exercise, it must of necessity exer
 cise for the benefit of all parties to i».
 The territory of the United States, be
 ing the common property, the Govern
 ment is bound to administer it as far ns
 practicable for the benefit of all the
 States, as well as their citizens. A
 difference, however, exists among
 them in relation to the institution oi
 Slavery. When the Constitution was
 formed, twelve of the thirteen States
 were slaveholding That instrument,
 though it has cluuses expressly inser
 ted for the protection of the rights and
 interests of slaveholders, contains no
 provision for the abolition of Slaver*
 anywhere. If the Government, there
 fore, can properly exercise such a pow
 er in any instance, it must be because j
 its duties as a general agent, acting so
 as to meet the interest and view of it&gt;!
 principals, require it. But fifteen of!
 the thirty States of the Union still nnin-1
 tain the institution of Slavery. It isj
 obvious, therefore, that the Govern
 ment could not, consistently with its;
 powers as a general agent, exclude the;
 slaveholders as a class from nil partic
 ipation in the enjoyment of the territo
 ry pf the United lt is, on the
 contrary, under srlemn obligations to!
 respect the rights of all. It lias always j
 heretofore, as I understand its action,
 shown a sense of this obligation.—
 When the much-talked of ordinance
 was adopted, by which the territory
 north of the Ohio river was made free,
 all that portion of the country south ol
 the river to the Gulf of Mexico was
 toft to beimrajtted uy slaveholders.-
 When Slavery was abolished in the
 northern part of the Louisiana territo
 ry, the southern portion, regarded as
 most suitable for slaveholders, was left
 so to be occupied. On the annexation
 of Texas, when a provision against
 Slavery north of 36 deg. 30 min. was
 incorporated, much the larger and more
 valuable portion was still left for the
 use of slaveholders.
 But now it is proposed to adopt the
 policy of excluding slaveholders, ns,
 such, from all the territory of the Uni-;
 ted States. This would be an entire
 revolution in the action of the Govern
 ment—a revolution which could not oc-j
 cur without a total violation of the spir
 it and essence of the Constitution.—-!
 Since those citizens who do not own
 slaves are permitted to occupy every
 part of the territory of the Union, it!
 has been doubted by many whether the j
 Government can rightfully exclude,
 slaveholders from any portion of the j
 common property. But even if there
 should be a power to divide the public
 territory, for convenience, between the 1
 two classes, it is perfectly clear that
 there can be no right to exclude one j
 class entirely. I have therefore said
 that I should regard such an exclusion
 as being as great a violation of rhe:
 Constitution as the Government could!
 possibly commit. But even if this ac
 tion should be viewed simply as an en
 ormous abuse of power, it would not be
 the less objectionable. The Govern-
 ment has unlimited powers in relation
 to the establishment of Post Offices!
 throughout the Union. If, however,
 it were to withdraw all the Post Offices!
 from the aiaveholding States, on the
 ground that the citizens of those States
 were not worthy of the countenance
 and aid of the Government, we should j
 have as much reason to complain of
 such action as if it involved a clear in
 fraction of the letter of the Constitu
 tion.
 j In a word, if the Government should
 adopt the policy of excluding slavehol
 dera, as such, from all Hie territory of
 [the United Stales, it 4ould, in soh-.
 j stance and effect, cease to be the Gov
 ernment of the United States. While
 the form of the Constitution might re
 main the same, its character would be
 essentially changed.
 Ought the Southern States to a cqui
 esce in this great organic char ge in
 oor political system’ Ought they to*
 remain members of an association'
 which had, in utter disregard of plain
 constitutional guaranties, degraded
 them from their position of equality
 !As history furnishes no record of any
 peophr who bays prospered after they
 bad forfeited their self-respect; by sub
 mitting to be degraded to a state of
 political vassalage, 1 hold it to be the
 doty of the Southern States to resist
 this change. That resistance, to be
 effectual, should bo commensurate with
 ,tbe riofenee of the attack. This they
 owe to the cause of constitutional lib-
 to justice, and to their, owe
 honor.
 j With reference to the nhohtkm of
 Slavery in the District of Columbia, I
 ‘will simply say, that waiving all eoe-
JOHN DICt Pr*tfw*«
WHOLE NO. 108.
•j troversy m relation to coQstitattenaJ
 r, ghl» arid obligation to the adjoining
 State#, if such an event were to occur
 at this time, it would not tike place in
 obedience to the wishes of the citizen
 the District, but would be brought
 about at the instahe* of the inhabitants
 ot the States. But these persons have
 no i jnht to control the local affairs of
 this District. Should Congress, there
 fore, thus act at their instigation, it
 would be guilty of an act of tyranny,
 so insulting and so gross as to justify a
 withdrawal of confidence from such a
 {Government.
 You ask, in the second place, what I
 believe likely to be the course of the
 South, should such a contingeny oc
 cur? There was but oneof tbe States
 having any considerable' number of
 i slaves, in relation to which I had any
 doubts From her position,
 and the powerful influences brought to
 bear upon her, I had some fears as to
 what might be the action of Kentucky.
 But I have been gratified beyond ex
 pression by the gallant siaod which
 that noble State has recently taken.
 She has thereby shown that she will
 not abandon her sisters in tbe hour of
 danger, but that she will if Accessary,
 take the front rank m the struggle for
 the preservation of the rights and lib
 erties of the white race of the South.
 1 he union of both parties m Mississip
 pi is a type that will occur elsewhere.
 The Southern States ought to have but
 one feeling on this question, as they
 can have but one destiny, i have no
 doubt but that over the entire South
 there vvouJJ be a vastly greater unani
 mity than existed in the old thirteen
 slave States when they decided to re
 sist British aggression. If a few indi
 viduals should attempt to take a differ
 ent course, they would be swept away
 in the general current. Long before
 the trouble should come to the worst,
 the South would present an unbroken
 front.
 I am net aware, sir, that in making
 so brief and concise a statement of my
 views, I incur the risk of misconcep
 tion and misapprehension; but I should
 (eel that I did not appreciate the mo
 mentous nature of the subject if I
 could attach consequence to mere per
 sonal considerations.
 Very respectfully, your obedient
 servant, T. C. CLINGMAN.
 Hon. H. S. Foote.
 P. S. Since the above letter was
 written, it has been submitted to my
 colleague, Mr. Mangum, ortd he con
 curs lolly in all its general conclusions,
 and avows his purpose to make known
 his views at length at an early day, and
 entertains the opinion that the Fede
 ral Government has no power to legis
 late or tl.e subject of Slavery, either
 iiFfhc States or Territories, and tnat
 all precedents, whether legislative or
 judicial, because adopted without due
 consideration, are not obligatory.
 T. C. C
 Flora the Snm'oeky Mirror.
 THE SOUTHERN GAME-LOOK
 OUT
 Already the word has gone forth
 that Calhoun and his followers wiilep
 pose the admission of California as a
 Slate, because the proposed constitu
 tion prohibits slavery south of 36 deg.
 30 m., the line of the Missouri Com
 promise. Of course they will, but on
 ly for securing their grasp upon Desa
 ret and New Mexico. Any quantity of
 bluster will be let off in opposition to the
 admission of California, until doughfa
 ces enough can he found lo admit Des
 eret and New Mexico with territorial
 governments containing no prohibition
 of slavery To that end the whole in
 fluence of the Taylor administration is
 directed. 4 No matter whether slavery
 is prohibited or not.” is already the
 W hig shiboleth. And the South will
 Compromise, [that’s the word] by ad
 mitting California, if they can stave
 the Jefferson Proviso from TwcATbjkds
 OF THE TERRITORY.
 We repeat in solemn conviction that
 this will result in a usurpation of those
 territories by slavery. As for New
 Mexico, it adjoins Te\as: it is expo
 sed to Arkansas, Missouri and other
 Southern emigrations: U. S officers
 already hold slaves there: and the
 South are willing to run the risk of riv
 eting slavery on the soil, if they can
 have that territorial government, con
 taining no provision on the subject.
 W ell, how is it with Deseret, which
 claims a W'estern boundary on the
 116th parallel of longitude, and wilt
 probably be suffered to extend to tbe*
 Sierra Nevada in 116 degr Thai peo
 ple have already adopted a territorial
 government utterly silent as to slavery
 and New Mexico, wc have reason to
 to fear, will present a similar draft at
 the next session of Congress. Do you
 say that slavery will nst go into Dese
 ret? It has gone there already. JU
 cently, intelligence was received of
 lurge agricultural operations earned oa
 m me Great Salt Lake region by slave
 labor, and the W ashington correspon
 dent of the Baltimore Suo, writing un-.
 der date of Nov. 14 saya:
 “Another Sum will probablv be
 founded on tbe Pacific by the 'Mor
 mons, aud it is said that they ere slam
 holders to seme extent, toed do not intend
 to exclude slavery. So there will be an
 other bone for the free-toilers to pkar*
 And yet the entire whig pres* will
 cry •'peace! peace?” “no pretest Car
 agitation” Kc fcc., and when tha in
 iquity U consummated, and by metHM
 of a Clayton Compromise, a large pro
 portion of our acquisitions are expeeed.
 fatally exposed to the inroad of slavery,
 then will it be discovered bow ftarittl
 is the sacrifice of freedom and tuiitea
 el honor, which tbe whig party have
 concurred with tbe South to make,
 rather than embarrass the Taylor adr
 ministration. Freemen be on tbe itert.
"
