"Cattfmia-Thi New CmiCiiUm.
 TWe new* by the Crwtern Cily differ* very
 •lightly from that received a month *nc*
 The Constitution agreed upon by the Cos*
 venttoo of delegates has been presented 10
 the people for ratification.
 Gen. Riley, the ptemmt governor, has
 uied a proclamation, calling upon the ettixena
 to form a government fot themselves, and sta
 ting hu wilimgnees to reaign his power* to
 whomsoever the people may designate at his
 atKressor.
 The Constitution constats of twelve Arti
 cles r t. Declaration of Rights; 2. Suffrage;
 •3. Distribution of Rowers; 4. Legislative
 Department; 5. Executive Department;—
 6. Judicial Depattment; 7. Militia; 8. Slate
 Debt*, 9. Education 10-j Mode of Amend
 ing and Revising the Constitution; 11. Mis
 cellaneous Provisions; 12. Boundary.
 The first Article has twenty-one sections.
 The following are among the moat promin
 ent
 Sec. I. All men are by nature free and in
 dependant, and have certain inalienable rights;
 among which aie those of enjoying and defen
 ding tile and liberty, acquiring, possessing,
 and protecting property, and pursuing and ob
 taining safety and happiness.
 Sec. 2. All political power is inherent in
 the people. Government is instituted for the
 protection, security and benefit ot the j•to
 pis and they have the right to alter or re
 form tiie same, whenever the public good may
 require tt.
 Soc. 3. The right of trial by jury shall b«
 secured to all, and remain inviolate, forever;
 but a jury trial may be waived by the parties,
 in all civil cases, in the manner 10 be prescri
 bed by law.
 Sec. 4. Ths free exercise and enjoyment
 of religious profession and worship, without
 discrimination or preference, shall forever be
 allowed in tbit State and no person shall lie
 tendered incompetent to be a witness on ac
 count of hie opinion in mailers of a religious
 belief; but the liberty of conscience, hereby
 secured, shall not be so construed as to ex
 cuse acts of licentiousness, or justify practi
 ces inconsistent with the peace or safety of
 this State.
 Sec. 5. The privilege of the writ of habeas
 corpus shall not be suspended, unless when,
 in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safe
 ty may require its suspension.
 Sec. 7. All persona shall be bailable, by
 sufficient sureties unless for capital offences,
 when the proof is evident or the presumption
 great.
 Sec. 10. The people shall have the right
 freely to assemble together to consult for the
 common good, to instruct their representa
 tives, and to petition the legislature for re
 dress of grievances.
 Sec. 14. Representation shall be apportion
 ed according to population.
 Sec. 17. Foreigners who are, or who may
 hereafter become, bona fide residents of this
 State, shall enjoy the same rights in respect
 to the possession, enjoyment and inheritance
 ot properly, as native bum citizens.
 Sec. 18. Neither slavery nor involuntary
 servitude, unless for the punishment of crimes,
 shall ever be tolerated m this State.
 The second Article refers to the right of
 suffiage. The hist section is as follows
 Every white male citizen of the United
 States, and every white male citizen I Mex
 ico, who shall have electcJ to become a citi
 zen of the United States, under the treaty id
 peace exchanged and ratified at Quaret.uo, on
 the 30th day of May, 1848, of the ape 01 j
 twenty-one years, who shall have been a res
 ident of the State six months next preceding
 the election, ‘and the county or disitiet in
 winch he claims his vole, thirty days, shall be
 entitled to vote at all elections which aie now
 or may be hereafter authorized by law. Pro-1
 vnled that nothing herein contained shall be
 construed to prevent the Legislature, by a I
 wo-thirds concurrent vole from adiniliingj
 to the right of suffrage, Indians or the de- i
 scenoanis of Indians, in sucli special cases as'
 such a proportion of the legislative body may
 dceiu just and proper.
 The Article on Education has the follow
 ing provisions:
 Sec. 2. The Legislature shailencouage, by
 all suitable means, the promotion of intellect
 ual, scientific, inoral and agricultural im
 provement. The proceeds of all lands that
 may be granied by the United States to thus
 Stale for the support of the schools, w hich
 may be sold or disposed of, and the five thou- j
 sand acres of land granted to the new states I
 under an act of Congress distributing the pro
 ceeds of the public lands among the several
 states of the Union, approved A. D. 1841
 and all estates of deceased persons who may
 have died without leaving a will, or heir, and
 also such per cent, as may|begranted bv Con
 gress 011 the sale of lands in this State, shall
 be and remain a perpetual fund, the interest
 of w hich, together with all the rents of the
 unsold land*, and such other means as the
 legislature may provide, shall he appropria
 ted to the support of common schools through
 out the Stale.
 Sec. 3. The Legislature shall provide for
 a system of common schools, by which a
 school shall be kept up and supported in each
 district three months in eveiy year; and any
 school district neglecting to keep up and sup
 port such a school, may be deprived of its
 proportion of the interest of the public fund
 during such neglect.
 1 he Boundary is thus described
 Commencing at the point of intersection of
 the 42d degree of north latitude with the
 120th degree of longitude west from Green
 wich, and running south on the line of said
 120th degree of west longitude until it inter
 sects the 30th degree of north latitude, thence
 running in a straight line in a southeasterly
 direction to the River Colorado at a point
 where it intersects the 35th degree of north
 latitude, thence down the middle of the chan
 nel of said river to the boundary line between
 the United Slates and Mexico, as established
 by the treaty of May 30th, 1848, thence run
 ning in a northwesterly direction, and follow
 ing the direction of the Racific Coast to the
 42nd degree of north latitude, thence on ths
 hue of said 42nd degree of north latitude to
 the place of beginning. Also all the islands,
 harbors and bays, along and adjacent to ths
 Pacific Coast.
 The Alta California of Nov. Ist, has the
 following on “Politics in California.”
 I lie new constitution has been submitted
 to the people of California, and is to be voted
 lor or against on the 13th proximo. The
 adoption of this instrument will be almost
 unanimous, it is believed.
 The political fires which have slumbered
 long remain pent up no more. Inconsistent
 with the character of the inhabitants, the nature
 of their occupation and the immediate re
 quirements ol California a* it may appear
 our cilixeua have in mass meeting ievived
 political distinctions, zealously advocated ex
 items if not ultra meaauies, and plunged into
 the unhesitating support of party principles,
 abandoning, tu many instances business pur
 suits, and wholly forgetful of the chief desire
 of their live*.
 Ikm heated slate of public feeling is con
 fined almost exclusively to the district of San
 Ftanciaco The mass meeting of 1 lie friends
 of Mr. T. Butler King held in tins city on
 the 23d in si., was a firebrand thrown in the
 magazine, a step from which lire democratic
 poitioo ol this community dissented, arid the
 following day an appeal 10 the paity was
 made and answered by a strong demon
 stration.
 This meeting ol upwards of 1800 adher
 ent* to the Democratic party, after prelimi
 nary measures lor organizsuon, sdjourned,
 and on ths 25th nisi., assembled again, ap
 *w*ni#d a day lor ths election by ballot of a
 «ommtuee to decide party nominations.
The iasoe el the approaching election may
 be determined hi this district by a reeoene to
 party politics. Ji is hand to asy which party
 is ths strongest in this place- Whig ot Demo
 crat.
 There are nerneroua candidates daily pre
 sented for the offices to be filled by the tfsc
 tion of the 13th November. For Governor,
 we have the names of Petar H. Burnett, W.
 M. Stuart, W. 8. Sherwood; for limit.
 Governor, J. McDougal, F. J. Lippi tt.
 For Representatives to Congress, Edward
 Gilbert, R. M Prine. G. W. Wright, L.
 Dent, W. Shannon, and a list of names be
 fore the people, of ths aspirations of which,
 with the qualifications and prospects, wa
 know nothing.
 To the Senate of the United States, Cali
 fornia will semi J. C. Fremont, and the
 choice for the remaining seat will be probably
 T. Butler King or H/W. Hal leek.
 Gold is still to be obtained, by hard Jabot.
 Says a correspondent of the Ban, writing from
 San Francisco.
 “From the gold mine* I bear varied ac
 count*. —Several friend* of mine who have
 returned from the mines, say that gold dig
 ging is very “hard work." One says ha
 averaged $l6 a day, for more than a month,
 “but" he adds, “I have dug cellars in San
 Francisco at $8 par day mining four times
 harder work, but he would remain here earn
 ing $6 per day rather than to return.
 “Sickness prevails to some extent at the
 mines among those who drink intoxicating
 liquors, and expose themselves by over exer
 tion, to the heavy dews. The expense of
 living at the mines is enormous; 40 cts. per
 pound for hard bread, everything else ip pro
 portion.”
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, DECEMBER 14, 1849.
Oar Paper and its Prospects.
 Now that the second volume of the “North
 Star” is nearly completed,—that the closing
 days of another year of varied life are hover
 ing around us, and that the light of a new
 year is soon to dawn, —it seems a proper (i tide
 in our own affairs,” to offer a few words upon
 “our paper and its prospects.” During the
 present year, we have purposely refrained
 from afflicting our readers with narrations of
 our own personal toils, cares, anxieties and
 difficulties. We hate anything like whining
 1 and shall indulge in none of it now. If we
 did not assume our piesent position intelligent
 -1 iy, we did assume it voluntarily, and have,
 therefore, met its responsibilities and duties
 j most cheerfully; and shall continue to do so
 w hile we continue to occupy it. Of regrets,
 losses, disappointments, dangers and discour
 agements, we shall say nothing here. They
 I are the common lot of most men who under
 take any great w ork for the welfaie of man
 kind, and we are not singular in having a
 large share of such dispensations. Besides
 this consideration, we have the consolation
 that the grace ol God has ever been sufficient
 lor us; and for all sorrows, troubles and hard
 ships, we have been doubly repaid in the sat
 isfaction which ever accompanies a faithful
 discharge of duty. Our joys have far exceed
 ed our sorrows, and our experience has im
 parted to us much that Will be valuable to us
 through life. All this we deem a full com
 pensation for our past labors and trials in ef
 foits to keep our ''sable witness” in the field.
 We shall, therefoie, make no complaints, but
 dispense at once, with the past, and look to
 the evei bright and evei hopeful future.
The first queMion which the friends of the
 paper will ask, and to which they wish a defi
 nite and decided answer, relates to the con
 tinuance of the North Star. Do you mean
 to continue the paper 7 To this we answer
 in all sincerity, Yes, we do most certainly
 mean to continue it. That much has been
 fully, and we hope, advisedly resolved upon.
 We have put away all doubt, timidity and
 hesitation. “The North Star” must, and
 will, remain a “fixed star” in the anti-slavery
 sky, as in the “brave old overhanging firma
 ment.” It was not at the suggestion of a
 fitful impulse, or an effervescent aspiration that
 we commenced the publication of this paper.
 We considered the demand for such a paper
 counted the cost —surveyed the gtound—and
 engaged in the enterprise with a full pur
 pose of heart. Our course is onward, and we
 shaii neither turn back, nor turn aside and if
 our earnest endeavors shall not be crowned
 with success, the responsibility and reproach
 shall fall elsewhere than upon us. With as
 warm a heart, and with as much zeal as that
 with which we have commenced, and with
 which we have until now persevered, we shall
 continue. Happily for us, thus far we have
 fulfilled our hugest promises to the very let
 ter, and this is the best assurance we can now
 give to our readeis, of what they may expect
 for the future. The North Star ought, must,
 and (as far as our fiat can go) shall be sus
 tained. Let all doubts be removed, and let
 readers and friends unite to help those who
 are at least deserting it—in that they display
 a willingness to help themselves. Remember
 that the most successful mode to defeat a
 praiseworthy undertaking, is to fold our arms
 and doubt— seriously doubt —if the undertaking
 will succeed.
 The stern necessity which called the
 “North Star” into being, exists now, with all
 its former force, palpableness and intensity.—
 The radical evils it was designed in some
 measure to eradicate—the malicious assaults
 it was designed to ward off—the gross and
 dangerous errors it was designed to correct
 and dispel—the strong, overwhelming, and
 almost resistless tide of cruelty and injustice—
 it was designed to stay-~and the great and
 glorious truths ofltberty, and human brother
 hood, which it was designed and established
 to vindicate and promote—call as loudly and
 as forcibly now for the continuance of our
 humble sheet, as when it was first summoned
 into existence. The field is wide, the work
 i is greet—there is woik for all to do, and none
 need lay aside his implements or armor for
 want of room to toil or to fight. The “huge
 monster” slavery—the gteat central enormi
 ty o| the nation —bulwarked by the church—
 proiected by the State—sanctioned bv the re
 ligion—and guarded by the clergy, ts yfMna
 king earth a hell to millions their cries of
 bitter anguish ascend to heaven by -day and
 by night, unceasingly. 'Hie ear of the Al
 mighty M disturbed—judgments, awful, terri
 bl« and threatening, overhang the country.—
 The obdurate aUvtholdet is bardemog bis
 heart, and h now, more than ever, resolved
 lu perpetuate his infernal doemn too. The
 people of the North are yet banded wttbSomb
 ern flesh mongers—the traders in the bodies
 and souls of men The colored man, through
 out the land, remains depressed, scorned sad
 contemned. The foul, unnatural, unreason-
Hf and earoneonnhlo spirit of casts which hi
 so long hunted, maligned and oppressed the
 Mack mao, and which baa embittered all hie
 joys, ia still rampant, and exulting in ita mie
 cfaievoos and amadaliaa victories. By thia
 aaholy and abaminally wicked prejudice, we
 are excluded from equal mcwn—dcrinn in
 the use of lev mhos is excluded from raspect
 able hoists—excluded from Massons, Lyce
 ums, Concerts, and aumy other places of pop
 ular and useful resort ia this country. It
 has denied us admiarioa to the jury box
 compelled ua to be tried and adjudged in mat
 ters involving panparty, and even lift itself by
 men who cherish towards as naught but tbs
 moat malignant contempt and hatred. It has
 demanded respect for laws which we have bad
 no 'voice in making—taxed as to support a
 government which delights ia open disregard
 of our rights—and forced an into allegiance to
 a State which denies ua the meet needful pro
 tection. It baa meanly driven our knowledge
 seeking children from the gates of common
 schools—our industrious boys from the werk
 shopa—our girls from the factories—insulted
 am) outraged with impunity our men and wo
 men in the streets —expelled os from all the
 favorable avenues of wealth, booor and im
 provement—and with an iron sway compelled
 us to gain a livelihood by the very least lucra
 tive, menial, and (in the eyes of the commu
 nity) degrading employments. This is no
 fancy sketch, hut a simple picture of stem
 and bitter every day realities. They have
 long existed, and do now exist—and while
 they continue to exist, they will continue to
 demand, trumpet tongued, all true hearts,
 right minds, and industrious hands, for their
 complete overthrow and abolishment. We,
 therefore, say again, and with additional em
 phasis, that the necessity which called the
 North Star into existence, now_ imperiously
 demands its continuance.
 But to these general reasons, there are oth
 er and especial ones, which may be properly
 added to the startling catalogue already addu
 ced. We are especially singled out from all
 other people under the whole Heavens, as the
 objects 01*degradation. We are the injured—
 it is meet that we should especially contend
 lor redress. We are the victims—it becomes
 us to appeal. To say that we suffer griev
 ous wrongs, is more touching than to say
 that they suffer wrongs. But above all, it
 is needful that the colored people should have
 a living, constant, palpable, and unmistakea
 ble example to present in confutation of the
 slander which] insists upon the natural inferi
 -1 ority of our race, with which we are so per
 petually and so injuriously assailed. And
 what, may we ask, is a better example than
 the regular publication of large weekly peri
 odical, conducted by a fugitive slave, who
 has never had the advantage of a single day’s
 schooling, and has spent the best educational
 period of his life under the dark and deprav
 ing yoke of American slavery It is said
 that we might be betted employed as a lectui
 er than as an editor. We answer that none
 need complain on that score, since we do both,
 and have probably delivered as many lectures
 —traveled as many miles—attended as many
 meetings—and labored, as haid during the
 past two years as any anti-slavery lecturer
 now in the field. What we have done, we
 mean still to do, while life and health and
 slavery endure. It may be said that we say
 this boastfully. Be it so—hut who can say
 that we say it untruthfully No man. Well,
 let no man who lias an anti-slavery heait in
 his bosom, refuse to aid the North Star on
 the unfounded pretence that its publication
 would prevent our more useful and more suit
 able occupation of the lecturing field. Many
 of our warm friends have entertained this no
 tion, but they must now see that ihejiolion is
 unfounded. We admit the desirableness of
 having efficient colored anti-slavery lecturers
 in the field, and that a part of these should be
 fugitive slaves; and of the latter, those who
 have more recently escaped are, to our mind,
 decidedly to be preferred. They tell their
 story with a freshness and simplicity which
 commends its truth to the hearts of those who
 hear while the older and more experienced
 speakers, who confine themselves to their
 narratives, be thejf never so touching or har
 rowing, their effect upon the heareis is soon
 lost in the frequency of their reiteration.—
 We should have long since failed to make
 ourselves useful in the anti-slavery field, had
 we confined ourselves to our simple story.—
 But even if this were not the case, this de
 partment of labor is now.better provided for
 than at any former time. The Clarks, Browns,
 Bibbs, Watsons and Crafts, have all been oc
 cupying the field of late. Their
 narrations are doing a glorious work, and we
 thank (Heaven that such witnesses against
 slavery have been so rapidly brought forward.
 There will be more of the same make and
 mould raising their manly brows above the
 surface of ignorance, oppression and slavery.
 These men are an evidence that Ethiopia is
 indeed, reaching forth her hand unto God.—
 Her sons are rising from degradation to re
 spectability—are seeking to do something no
 ble, worthy of manhood.
 To our old subscribers we would say, there
 is not one among you all that we can afford to
 spare. You are all needed upon our list, and
 yet mote; we need your aid in extending the
 circulation of the paper. You have kind
 ly borne with the early imperfections and
 shortcomings of the editorial department, ol
 the North'Star. Don’t quit us until we give
 signs of having ceased to improve. The busi
 ness of editing a large weekly journal like
 ours, may be easy enough to men of educa
 tion aud reading, but it will certainly not be
 considered a light task for ooe who has to ed
 ucate himself, and instruct others at the same
 time. But wg promised to make no poor fa
 ces si the commence meat of this article, and
 we shall now shun the very appearance ol
 such an evil.
 We close this article by expressing our
 neart-felt gratitude to our kind transatlantic
 friends, who continue to notice and appreciate
 our humble labors, and who have never de
 serted uv in the hour of need. They kindly
 supplied us the means with which to com
 mence our present work, and have faithfully
 stood by us through good sod through evil
 report, since that commencement. We would
 also mention gratefully, the generous saemt
 ance rendered us ounag the autumn by the
 Western New York Ami-Slavery Society.
 and the noble efforts of the Women’s Aseoct
 stion of Philadelphia. We hope these deer
 friends and cu-workers, wdJ never have cause
 to regret their generous co-operation with us.
 Aud if a faithful application of our energies
i to the redempoowuf the ala a«i the sleva
 Uoo of the eokoed man ui h» rights and dig
 nity m an, can jmrvent each a leeult, the
 niapie shall not Mr wanting—*. o.
 1 Mr. Whippet*! Qjjmisi* Wlk Pwpo*
 m
 1 Necessary and unavoidable engagements
 •brood, most be mu only apology for not
 sooner replying to Mr. Whippet’* ia&lt;e letter
 00 the “National League,” published in the
 1 North Star. No.&lt;Jp. Anything from that
 source, touching the interests and prospects
 of the oppressed and proscribed people to
 whom we belong, is entitled to very high re
 -1 spec*. He is a geotletnan of acknowledged
 1 ability, a profound thinker, an aioqaent and
 1 forcible writer, and withal an earnest friend of
 1 liberty. From such a man we always differ
 1 reluctantly. Hi* letter before ns, display* all
 1 the qualities of bead and heart which we hare
 with pride and pleasure, ascribed to him; and
 while we differ widely from him in his rea
 -1 *onings and conclusions, upon the subject in
 question, we are aiocerely glad that so able a
 1 pen as his, should be wielded by a sable band,
 and that he has felt called upon to record pub
 -1 licly, hi* opinions, with respect to the project
 ed League. Perhaps it will not be assuming
 I too much, to account for the difference be
 tween us and our esteemed friend, on the
 ground that we are more practical and less
 1 theoretical than h«. With abstractions, and
 1 theories, he is at home, and in these he can
 easily find objections to measures which we
 1 daam of immediate and practical importance.
 1 He sees a seeming (ceitainly not real) incon
 aistency between the end, and the means by
 which that end is proposed to be attained.—
 With him the necessary, but rude scaffolding
 must not be arranged, lest its awkward ap
 pearance should obscure the magnificent edi
 fice proposed to be erected.
 As an illustration of the truth of what we
 hare just remarked we take the following
 r from his letter
 The expsdiency of an organized union
 I among our people, has long engaged my at
 i tention, and I cfo most freely confess that it
 appears to me to be a subject that is fraught
 with difficulties and dangers, as well as prom
 -1 ises and blessings.”
 1 Haring confessed the difficulties and dan
 gers to be apprehended from the formation of
 the proposed League Mi. W. gives his rea
 sons for those apprehensions as follows:
 “I believe that the motto, “Union of the
 oppressed for the sake of freedom,” will be
 interpreted by tie pro-slavery press, to mean
 an union of the black against the while man,
 and the overthrow of American institutions.
 For however atangeand unnatuial it may ap
 pear, it is nevertheless true, that the success
 of any movement among ourselves is tnoTe de
 pendent on the praise of our enemies, than
 the labors of our friends. For of late our de
 nunciations have been as uneiringly directed
 against abolitionists as slaveholders. When
 you shall have launched the “League” in the
 pro-slaveiy current of this nation, you will be
 obliged to answer the nautical questions, viz
 “From whence do you hail 7 What ts your
 object? and to what port you ate destined 7
 or receive a broadside.
 You well know that we have no security
 in the divine nature of our object, for that be
 ing interpreted in llte popular tongue, means
 “devil incarnate,” and vestal purity of mo
 tive— a rapacious desire to corrupt all that is
 “good and holy in the affections of the riiul
 titsde. So deeply seated are the leligious
 and political prejudices against which we have
 ts contend, that virtue and vice change tlieii
 character to auit the complexion of tlie actor.
 During the recent eventful period of nations,
 the press lias been teeming with the lute ei
 “Leagues” for civil and religious reform,
 and the proclamation has gone' forth that God
 is on the side of the strong.
 It will be useless to say that this is not a
 complexional question, for its success would
 depend on so stating it, —and the collision
 springing from its action against public senti
 ment, would be more likely to increase and
 concentrate existing prejudices, than scatter
 and disseminate them. It is, therefore, no
 less a dictate of interest than humanity, to
 avoid a “complexional issue.”
 Here then are the reasons alleged against
 the Leagne plainly and strongly slated. Let
 us examine them. The first point made is,
 that such a “League” will be interpreted by
 the pro-slavery press “to mean an union ol
 the black against the white man, and the
 overthrow of American Institutions.”
 It may be said, in reply, that the objection
 is an old one, and is as true as it is old. Foi
 never since the day that Moses called upon
 the Egyptian Monarch to let the Israelites go
 free, until the day that William Lloyd Garri
 son startled this guilty land by a similar de
 mand, has there been a movement against
 slavery and oppression, but w hich has had in
 its course, to submit to the embarrassment ol
 mij-interpretation, mis-represent at ion, and
 even slander. It is the common Baptism ol
 all great movements. It is the forty day;
 fasting in the wilderness to try the faith, and
 to test the integrity of their projectors. Lei
 him who cannot stand mir-interpretation, nev
 er attempt to stem the popular current, foi
 such an one will only attempt, to fail. Bui
 after all, we think the apprehension* of out
 esteemed correspondent are much greater thar
 the occasion will justify. If the public mint!
 were as dark now, on the subject of human
 rights, as it was twenty years ago, and such
 a movement had been proposed, the ground*
 urged would wear a more rational aspect.—
 But now, when colored men cau speak, wnte
 and publish their views to the world, with th*
 utmost impunity in tbo Northern Slate*, ii
 seems almost worse than timidity for u* tf
 hesitate in the adoption of measures for oui
 improvement and elevation, from the fear ol
 mu-interpretation. There is now in this com
 trj a willingness, nay, a waiting, to h-.ai
 what we have to say. We are, therefore
 folly able to set ourselves righl before the
 community. In the first place, we should at
 tempt nothing but what would be right, ju t.
 and secondly, we should, of course, have the
 sympathy of the wise and good of every c* loi
 *0 out righteous endeavors- Bet, says *&lt;ui
 friend, any movement among ourselves it
 more dependent on the grout of' our enem *«a
 than the labors of our friends A stuguhu
 notion truly. Are our movements then to b*
 shaped to the pleasure of our enemies* An
 we then to conform to their wishes to secure
 then praises 7 Shall we adopt such measures,
 •ad soeb measures only, as shall secure t!*e
 •ppmhauon of oar oppressors No—wo do
 aot believe that friend Wkipper would b*»«
 us pursue any such unmanly, cringing, sod
 contemptible policy, and yet such might emu-
 Jfc inferred from the idea thrown out by
 huff Wo do no* know what -he means shen
 ho mye, “Of late our denunciations have be-*u
 unerringly directed against abohuomj-u ts
 slaveholders If n,*, be we are out
 aware of it, and the offenders ought to he ex
 The “Nautical qonstions which the
L**«w will bare to utim, or recoiro a
 broadside,’* ate Mcfa u B»J be easily and
 pvonAjr answered, slow «a wwaion will be
 open and above board. Tiro “Frnte 0/ the
 fftoa," m eloquently nfnnd w, baa no
 I terrors to os. They relied upon the sword.
 “Oor weapons ate not The dilfcr
 enee is groat. Bat the grand argument against
 the formation of the “Langne” is, that it will
 present a “ctmpt'jiomal ism* This is a
 danger to be avoided. But is it true of this
 movement Do coloted men, by associating
 themselves together for the purpose of obtain
 ing equal rights with all other citirons, there
 by mako a “crifnplexiooal issue” with their
 white fetlowjEOOniryiaee So it don not
 seem us. It strikes us that the issue is ten
 dered from the other side. 'The ground baa
 already been taken, that colored men shall
 not possess equal, etvil, social, and political
 advantages with white men, leaving us no
 other alternative bnt to submit, or to resist.—
 Now, shall we tamely, quietly submit? shall
 we remain io die house all day, when others
 are at work, and merely sally forth in the
 dark unseen, lest we should seem 10 make a
 “complexional issue?” We sre not to say
 to treacherous Pennsylvania, restore th e black
 man’s right of suffrage, for fear of making
 “complexions! issues." Wt are not to ask
 admission for oor children into common
 schools, to avoid “complexional issues.’’—
 W e-are not to go into the cabiu of steamboats
 among 1 chut men, dial we may void “com
 plexional issues." But seuously, the objec
 tion is too palpably absurd to require the aid
 of ridicule to expose it, and yet it has its advo
 cates in high quarters.
 For our part we wish colored men could be
 induced to make any kind of an issue. We
 want some sign? of life—some evidence of a
 common desire to improve ourqiresent condi
 tion and to take some position in the moral
 world. At present we are for the most part
 dead. We ate seen in the World’s activities
 only by proxy. An occasional head is seen
 to rise above the surface, but his legs soon
 give way for the want of sympathy and he
 fall?—perhaps to rise again—perhaps not.—
 Now an organization such as that suggested
 hy the “League,” would at least put us in
 the way of doing something. It would give
 us a position. But says our Correspondent,
 “the thing is impossible—the oppressed have
 adopted the religious creeds of our oppres
 sors, &amp;e.’“ This is true, but onlv true of a
 pat tof us. There are some among us who
 repudiate at least, most part of the religion of
 the land, that assumes the natural inferiori
 ty of the colored uiau. We must, however,
 stop here, simply by saying that whatever
 may be the difficulties, dangers and hardships
 attending it, we are for the formation of a
 colored National League—and hope to have
 the influence of our esteemed friend Whip
 pet to help forward that result.—r. o.
Father Mathew in a Difficulty. —The
 State Temperance Cen vent ion, assembled at
 Marietta in Georgia last summer, tendered,
 through Judge Lumpkin, of that State, a
 cordial invitation to Father Mathew to visit
 Georgia, in furtherance of the temperance
 cause. But the Judge having subsequently
 learned that the name of Father Mathew had
 been attached, in company with that of Daniel
 O’Connell, to a well-known Anti-Slavery re
 monstrance, w rote to the re-erend Father,
 inquiring whether he hadtieeu correctly in
 formed, and it so, whether lie still entertained
 the same sentiments on the subject of slavery.
 After waiting one month, the writer received
 a “very brief reply," marked “private,” and
 which lias not been published. “In the
 meantime,” says the Judge, “the several
 temperance associations in the State had pas
 aed resolutions revoking the invitation, so
 far as they had been parties to it.” The
 Judge then wrote once more to Father
 Mathew, complaining that his reply explained
 nothing, and intimating that in these circum
 stances, his visit to the South could be pro
 ductive of only evil to the temperance cause.
 No reply has been received to this com
 munication, and here is the summing up of
 the whole matter by the Judge.
 Under these circumstances,with a clear com
 prehension, i trust, of the responsibility thus
 incurred, and with the most profound regret
 as to the miscarriage of our hopes,! herewith,
 so long as 1 have the power, at least, and
 with the hearty concurrence and approval of
 the Executive Committee of the Convention,
 withdraw the invitation so cordially and sin
 cerely offered. Viewing our cause as we do,
 as the chief hope of man, we must not per
 mit it to be wounded in the house of its
 friends. We will welcome no one, knowing
 ly, among us, who fraternizes himself, or
 encourages otheis to do so, with a faction
 which would recklessly shiver the Union into
 fiagmeuis, which would reck its unhallowed
 hands red as crimson in human blood—which,
 in a word, seems 10 combine m one mass all
 the woist elements of thought, action and
 feeling peculiar to our troublous times.
 Thus it is likely, that Father Mathew, io
 trying to meet the views of the North, without
 offending the South, will find himself deserted
 by both. This is exactly the treatment be 1
 deserves for seeking to he neutral in tbe&gt;
 cause of human freedom. May he profir by 1
 ihe experience.
To Ibe Anti-Slavery Friends of Wester*
 New York and Elsewhere.
 We nee, with regret, in the Anti Slavery
 Standard, of the 6lh mat., that tire 15th of
 January is fixed upon for holding the Syra
 cuse Convention, only ooe day previous to the
 time we had published our intention to bold
 the Rochester Fair. In older to allow an op
 portunity for the friends of the cause to at
 tend both, it will be necessary to again change
 the tune for holding the Fair. We, there
 fine, poetpooe it another week—Wednesday,
 Jan. d3d, 1860. AMY POST,
 On behalf of the Fair Committee.
 PaasavTcaiA.Hs vs. Slav«y.—iSome of
 the New School Synods mod Presbyteries of
 the West, seem but little satisfied with the
 recent actiou of the Mew School General
 Assembly at Philadelphia. Resolutions have
 been adopted by the Otiowa (III,) Presby
 t*ry recommending the exclusion of slave
 holders Iron the pulpit and the communion
 table—-disapproving the course pursued by
 the GeneisJ Assembly,, and declaring the
 formal withdrawsf*of the Piesbytery from
 that body. And rn the Stood of Illinois, a
 resolution was reported and discussed declar
 ing slavery sib, and the action of the late
 General Assembly w reference to this matter
 •o unsatisfactory, that the Svned of Illmota
 ought publicly and solemnly to separate itself
 from that body. After much discussion, the
 original proposition was mod tied by th j sub
 stitutioq of declaration; —Thai, while
 they feel very anxious to bo delivered from
 all puniapatKio m the sin of slavery, they do
 not fed, at preset*, willing to be separated
 from the General Assembly.
TIIBTY-FIKST (HOlttSr
 FIRST IKMtOIT.
 Tbs Bsbatc.—Pqpding tfce organtut ion of
 tbe Hosss, so Hiin— is transacted in the
 Senate.
 Hons of RimnnftTius. —Still hallot
 inf for Speaker. Day after day passes by,
 without any conclusion being arrived at; and,
 so for as appearances show, party differences
 are as nearly adjusted now, as thee were ten
 days since. Mr. Cobb, of Ga., was for some
 days the choice of the Democrats. He was
 dropped, and they seem now unable to unite
 apoo any person. Mr. Potter, of Ohio, had
 a pretty strong vote, on severs! ballots; on
 the 11th, he was withdrawn. Mr. Brown, of
 Indiana, then bad the largest v&lt;4e on the Dem
 ocratic aide. The Free Soilers put Mr. Wil
 mot, of Pa., in nomination. He received
 some 8 or 10 votes-
 On Monday, the First Ballot resulted
 Winthrop 102, Potter 7®. Scattering 46.
 Total 224.
 Second Ballot—Winthrop 103, Potter 77.
 Scattering 44.
 Third Ballot—Winthrop 101, Potter 78.
 Scattering 44. Total 234.
 After the second ballot, Mr. Levin, of Pa-,
 offered the following resolution.
 Whereas, the precedent has been establish
 ed by which all the seats in the House have
 been disposed of by lottery, therefore
 Resolved, That the Speaker’s chair be dis
 posed of in .like manner That the Whij*
 party proceed to place the name of one mem
 ber in a box, the Democratic party another,
 the Native American a third, the Free Soil
 ers a fourth, and the Taylor Democratic party
 a fifth, and that the gentleman first drawn be
 Speaker of the House.
 This resolution created much laughter, am!
 on motion of Mr. McClellan, it was laid upon
 the table.
 After the a motion was made
 to adjourn to the Ist of January. It was lost.
 Morse,sf La., said, we can no longer trifle
 with the wishes or inteiests of our constitu
 ents. They look to ns to proceed with the
 business of the country, with all practicable
 despatch, and can see no good reason why
 there should be further delay in the organiza
 tion of this House. Members may endeavor
 to console themselves with the difficulties of
 1839, as a precedent, but the cases are not
 parallel. At that time the delay was occa
 sioned not by the Speaker's election, but by
 the disputed seats of the New Jersey election.
 As the case now stands, the obstinacy of one
 or two individuals may prevent forever an or
 ganization, and it is therefore due to the Leg
 islation of the country that the Whigs and
 Democrats, the two great parties, should unite
 on some plan to put down that disorganizing
 spirit which has manifested itself.
 On Tuesday, there were six more ballot
 ings for Speaker, without effecting a choice.
 The last stood Winthrop 101, Brown, of Ind.
 109, WilmotT, Morehead 5, Durkee, Bing
 ham and Me Dowall each 1.
 Mr. Winthrop withdrew his name, and in
 so doing, delivered an address as follows
 “It is well known to my friends, that I
 have not sought the place to which their pat
 tiality.has long been' striving to elevate me
 and it is known too, to a considerable majority
 of them, that 1 would have withdiawn at the
 start, if they would have concentrated their
 votes on any other. .But in this matter, my
 own wishes, if not my own judgment, were
 overruled by gentlemen in whom I have the]
 highest confidence and I therefore yielded
 all along to their opinions. 1 have all along
 expressed my own desire that the House
 should be organized, and 1 have believed that
 further delay would be detrimental to some of
 the best interests of the country.
 I need not add, then, with how much re
 luctance 1 saw myself the instrument of that
 delay. My friends, however, would not suf
 fer my name to be under my own control
 and it was not until to-day that I could obtain
 their consent to retire from the position in
 which I have been placed. 1 beg leave, there
 fore, now to say, and to say publicly before
 the House, what I have before often said in
 private, that 1 can consent no longer to be in
 the way of some kind of organization, and
 that I now withdraw the use of my name. j
 I desire publicly to thank those who have]
 all along been voting for me, and to express
 iny very warmest hopes that they will be bet- 1
 tei able to concentrate their votes on some
 other.”
 On the delivery of this address, great ex
 citement and confusion prevailed, and an ad
 journment was moved and earned.
Doings at Washington—Southern Whigs
 seceding.
 The Correspondent of the New York Ex
 press, gives an account of a meeting of the
 Whig members of Congress, held to arrange
 a course of action, which came to a rather
 interesting termination, showing symptoms
 of division and disoigautzation in.the Whig
 camp, which will help to bring Northern men
 of that party to declare themselve more deci
 dedly than they have yet done, in favor of
 freedom ;or, as is quite as likely, quicken their
 movements in perpetuating and strengthen
 ing their ignominious subserviency to the
 slave power. It is in substance this
 Mr. Toombe of Georgia, immediately af
 i ter the organization of the meeting offered a
 j resolution to the effect that Congress ought
 not to pass any law prohibiting slavery in the
 territories of California or New Mexico, nor
 any law abolishing slavery in llte District of
 Columbia.
 The reading of this resolution of course
 produced great excitement. The mol ton was
 seconded, and several speeches made in favor
 of if by Southern men. Mr. Hilliard of Ala
 bama asked
 “If it was agreed that the Wiimot Proviso
 was no part of the Whig creed, and that it
 was not Whig policy to abolish Slavery in the
 District of Columbia, why not say so V’
 Mi. Owen, of Georgia, warmly urged the
 adopt mu of theresol alum. It was necessary,
 be said, to settle these matters now. We
 could not act together unless they were set
 tled. We mutt understand ouivelvet aud
 each other.
 Mr. Stephens of Ga. said
 “As to slavery in the District of Columbia
 —a matter m principle, to the South, of the
 utmost importance—all be had to say, and be
 said not this in threat, but in sorrow, and for
 information, that if attempted and persisted in
 by the men who now had power—that ts. the
 numerical majority m this Union—the Union
 must and would he dissolved The Union
 could not be held together— it was not in the
 power of &lt;ta best fiwndv in the South to hold
 «together,—if alavety in the District of Col
 umbia was abolished by the action Cult
 fiens.'*
 Mr. dtngmao, of North Carohos, was fa
 vorable to the resolution, and should vote fur
 it, if pressed so to do, but ho it-git- wd Us
 iptroductMO here, six! hoped Mr. townha
 would withdraw it.
 t Mr. Toombe midi, he had well oousideied

*h» whole (Batter, tod under no circmnsu n-
 P *k&lt;w!d be withdraw it. He hoped to Me
 it met, fairly and manfully.
 Mr. Brook*, of New York, .Mr. Ashman
 af Massachusetts, and other Northern mem'
 hew opposed the passage of the resolution
 A motion waa then made to postpone, which
 was carried.
 m When this rote was announced, Mr.
 TvonAs of Georgia, rose and left Me room,
 and with him four other gentlemen, who were
 followed by Mr. Milliard of Ala-
 he had left to avoid misrepre
 sentation, om that be should take pleasure m
 voting for Mr. Wmthrop for Speaker
 Things bb4 Doings in New York and
 Brooklyn*
 Wm. Smith and the ease of for uster Franres
 —An Imposter tag ed~ Jamaica t U I
 Mission
 BKOOK I.VS ,L. 1., Nov. 27th.
 Ms. Editor —I avail myself of the pres
 ent moment, to take up my pen to inform you
 ot what is going on in this region that mav be
 interesting to your readers. We have had
 quite a stirring lime of it in these “dtggins
 for the last two weeks.
 First, the ease of Frances Smith. The tacts
 in the case are theae the Smith family were
 claimed as the propeity of the late Judge
 Gaston of Newbern, North Carolina. The
 younger Smiths are quadroons. I pon the
 Jeath of Judge Gaston, his heirs, alter consid.
 •erable consultation, permuted Wm. Smith to
 go to work, with the view of purchasing him
 self, for which purpose he repaired to the city
 of Washington, and by his own industry, has
 succeeded in paying for lus own freedom At
 the time of the sale of the “property” of
 Judge Gaston's heirs, William prevailed upon
 one Amos Wade (merchant) of Newbern, to
 purchase his mother and sister, in order to
 save them from being sold to the far South.—
 He has since redeemed his mother at the price
 of fifty dollars, which; together with $533,00
 paid for himself, makes five hundred and sev
 enty-three dollars he has raised by his own in
 dustry. He now appeals to the liberality and
 humanity of the people of the North, to assist
 him in rescuing a young and beautiful sister
 tromthe New Orleans market, and save her
 from what may yet be, it she is not rescued
 a condition worse than death. Amos Wade
 writes that “She is a good girl, and I believe
 a virtuous girl. She is a member of Church,
 and is respected by the members of her church
 as a Christian. I have been offered one thou
 sand dollars for het by traders, but if your ob
 ject is to free her, 1 will reduce the price to
 $600,00.”
 A Christian girl—a virtuous girl, 1? years
 old, and handsome, and one thousand dollars
 offered for her by traders' What means
 this' Oh, ye Christians and republican* of
 the North, blush to think. Meetings to sym
 pathize with and assist Mr. Smith, have been
 held in Brooklyn and New York. But lam
 ashamed to say they were very thinly attend
 ed. Had these meetings been exhibitions of a
 monkey with a red jacket on, the churches
 which were reluctantly granted for them to be
 held in, would have been filled to replet: in
 but when a brother comes to the much-bo ist
 ed of, and miscalled free North, appealing for
 to piotect a young and virtuous sister, all
 our great men (tor New York is filled with
 great men, at least in their own estimation,)
 •land aloof. The meeting in Brooklyn waa
 addressed by Messrs. Jeremiah Powers, Wm.
 Kay, George Hogarth, J. C. Morrell, and C.
 C. Hanington. The meeting in New York
 by the Rev. Mr. Secost, and Messrs. J. Pow
 ers, and J. C. Holly. r I lie collections were
 liberal for the small numbers present. The
 spesksrs answered the several objections urg
 ed against paying for persons claimed as
 slaves.
 Ist. That we do not recognize the right ot
 the slaveholder to property in his fellow-be
 ings any more than the traveller recognize*
 the right ol the robber to his purse, when he
 surrenders it rather than his life. Bdly. That
 while laboring to overthrow the whole system
 ot slavery, we must not harden our hearts
 and resist individual appeals, as we would not
 be feeling for those in bonds as though bound
 with them. 3dly. That every person redeem
 ed, even by a compliance wuh the unjust de
 inands of the flesh-monger, is one less in ti,«
 luesnes ®l slavery, and one more fn tin* h&gt;»st
 ot Ireedom, 4thly, and lastly, That if our
 own mother, sister, or daughter, was about to
 be sold to the “harems” of the South, all
 other means failing to redeem her, we would
 not withhold the perishable dust on principle,
 but would meet it as a practical question, and
 rescue our dear relative, with a firm laiih that
 it would be repaid in enjoyment and pro-pei
 ty, and that the slaveholders would he no
 richer in the end.
 Ihe second topic of interest to the friend*
 of the slave is, the capture and caging of Gto
 Liu Hon, a stout, athletic, black man, who h
 t?en going around ettiodling the anti-slavery
 public for the last twelve or fifteen months.—
 He represents himself as a fugitive jusi arriv
 ed “last night” from the South, awl by tin*
 means obtains money and sympathy when.'
 evet ho goes. He was caged ahum twelve*
 months ago, tor playing tlie same game Itts
 causes that led to his arrest at this tune, tie
 these He has been calling on geutlemen ut.r
 king lus false representations, and when they
 send to the “Vigilance Committee’ he walk*
 out. He called on a gen tinman of tins place,
 »nd alarmed him very much with his fears of
 recapture. The gentleman sent to the office
 61 John street, N. Y.. and the ever vigilant
 Jaeoh K. Gibbs hastened to bis relief; bet lo
 the fugitive was gone. The gentleman des
 cribed him, and Mi. Gtbbs informed him that
 be was an imposter He afterward went out.
 upon the street, and saw the “coon.” Hein
 formed him that the gentleman where he had
 been wished lo see him, They weot to the
 house together, when the gentleman informed
 turn that Gibb* would take ears of him. They
 started for New York, but having seen Gibhs
 before, they had not ptoengded fax before he
 told G. that he waa not going to New York
 with him. “But,” said G., “you have ap
 plied lor aid and protection, and we will pro
 tect you tf you ate a fugitive." He pet east ad
 16 that he would not go, and ihreateo
 e»j Gibb* if he did not go away wheieupon
 I bad him wrested, aad be waeeemimtted
 examination. He was arrested on Friday
 Lkn Monday last be was examined. J.
 B Gibbs and J. T. Hopper identified bun
 a public swindler. A pettifogger rsjovcmg us
 the couplet of Col. Jack. (and. by the way,
 be in JmA ia move than name) and who hot*
 •d of hia reputation end exponeeee aa
 f✓
"
