"Jfc
 Itwver'' ot twealv year* standing. *olunt*«r- i
 ei to defend this brother. He “«o.i rttpect-
 tu.lv •übmmed to his wlmUmt taMM
 entertain for one moment, charge from pet
 who tmlxr the l»»« Unioo, and
 induce al a vet «o run away tromthe.r master*.
 I htt such people Jo not deserve protection,
 d that Im» client had committed n« crime.”
 Oi.e mtfh( ,hat U came b r hw
 |i&gt;mr f t onesilv Kut notwithstanding all this*
 in nt was re*commmed lor further exam
 '.,3t,„n on Wednesday .he‘2Bth, when I hope
 w pet what he justly deserves.
 Mr h'.vr-rett lectured*!* the Colored
 M t m this place, on thn aub-
 M Z lire I TW Reverend
 t u Mni-e he had been in this
 gentleman vitd uu
 i a«ked bv both friends
 ountrv. I*e nau
 W.re,.-o .he
 .rreeni bwu-i nil' He amnered, Wh.t
 ii» v rtii 111&lt; 'n 11 to doubt that 3
 Jo you mean oU ,nt aH
 fitter ort when he owns himself than
 v n owned ha another’ If have one’s
 '.■tbbaihs better than to not know it Iron.
 4 v other da\, they are better nil. It it be
 ■etter to have a school to send one's children
 (0 lHn t„ see them driven in the field, under
 lash of ib&lt;‘ cruel task master, they are
 oil.” He then went on to say that the
 vjbhath was us generally observed—more
 r f erallv observed, than m Ohio and New
 ;ir k States That the number of w hites on
 Island is about 15,000 ihe number ol
 'i.lored or mixed, about 08,000 and the
 /wiiiber ut blacks or unmixed descendants ol
 Africans, about 250,.WW. I hat .he torniei
 At e morally hopeless, falling extravagantly
 ii.io all the vices of the West Indies. That
 the second are rery poor, in consequence of
 living been generally tree when it was te
 parded as disreputable tor any but slaves to
 a oik, and thereby having a desire to shun
 uork, and now having no slaves to work for
 diem. Hie iaiter he regarded as the most
 i.opetul class they are rapidly improving in
 intelligence aie industrious and thrifty, and
 recently one or two have, for the first time,
 made their wav in.o the Colonial Legislature.
 He says they are tar from being civilized in
 their domestic habits, ss the women and chil
 dren rarely ever s,r down at the table with
 ihe husband and father, or v\aik beside them.
 From Ins account, the men are perfect “Dom
 bevs. Yours, J- H.
The Boston Tragedy.
 \\'e make the following extracts from tin
 account given by the Post, ut the iecent nag
 ,eal occurrence in Boston, which has createt
 -vich intense excitement in that city
 Dr Parkman'» Boot supposto to hi
 tuVND—Arrvst or Dr. Webster.— The an
 iiuuucement on Saturday, that the body oi Dr
 George Parkinan had been found in a vauli
 under ibe chemical laboratory in the Medica
 College, North Grove street, and that Dr
 John W- Webstei, professor of chemistry,
 had been arrested at Cambridge for the niur
 of Dr. Parkman, created a tremendous
 ens jti°n throughout the city and its vicinity,
 Vi,; un '■ueslionable tacts. were appalling to
 the last de‘ ree a "d the rapid circulation ol
 unfounded razors tended to magnify the hor
 rors of Hie reality. 1 e lb,e as he a f d,s
 covery was, several arsons, who had care
 fullv considered the ."trcuu. stances ot Dr
 Parkman s disappearance, v e re not surprised
 at the result of the persevering search under
 the college buildiny. All the inquires t in ev
 try direction, beyond as well as \vi?bin the
 State, left but three undoubted tacts toaci M P"
 an, tiz that Friday.. Nov. 23d, about
 one o'clock, be made some smalt purchases
 al Mr. Holland’s grocery, corner of Vine
 -treet, and that he went out saying lie would
 leiurn m a few minutes and take the articles.
 Next he was seen by many witnesses going
 ...to the Medical College There Dr. V\ eb-
 M er said he saw him, and paid him 483 on
 u mortgage. The payment was made at the
 desk in tin*lecture room ot the chemical de
 partment ol the Dr. Webster
 said that, upon receiving the money, Dr.
 Parkman left the bduie room by the upper
 door the common enhance. Here all clue
 JO his iin»t muenis cea cd. All the statements
 about Dr. Paik.iiau’s having b,-en seen at the
 v l|U tb end, uni on C.agld bridge, and at
 I i-i imbiidge, on that afternoon, were as
 .;t,tamed lobe incorrect, the narratois having
 mistaken Thuisday lor P inlay.
 Bv Monday lasi, people, according to their
 -urns of mind and means of information, re
 oectively settled down upon the tollowmg
 .appositions Ist, that Dr. Parkinan had com
 mitted suicide by jumping overboard 2nd,
 that he had been inveigled into some house,
 robbed, murdered, and the body secreted
 and 3d that be bad been killed within the
 walls ot the Medical College, and Ins remains
 disposed of there. Therefore, while large
 iawards were being otlered to any person who
 should find the Doctor, dead or alive, else
 where, the college building was kept under
 The strictest surveillance. The cellars, coal
 bums, and other recesses m which a body
 mil*lit be easily concealed, were searched in
 •,am Then the large vault, or subterranean
 *,.closed recess, under, but connected with
 U,e dissecting room, was searched with no
 better success. But Dr. Webster s peculiar
 premises lemamed unexamined, and also the
 space between jhe interior foundation walls
 under bis laboratory, forming m fact a very
 V*ge vault, with no opening uito it except
 ih, yugli Dr. Webster’s water closet in the
 labo.** 01
 Mr Ephraim Littlefield, steward and gen
 eral su vefintendeni of tbe building, reported
 ne* the principal persons connected
 iT.ih ihe college, two unusual circumstances
 in relation Ur. Weboter’s movements in the
 laboratory v'Z that he had been keeping up
 gieat tires’iii t furnace, a ui Lad locked up
 the laboratory mghts, instead ot leaving tt
 open to be set at rights, and to have the fire
 kindled m ibe mornings .ill die excep
 tion of Wednesday evening, Di. Webster
 did not work in tbe laboratory alter his usual
 hours, but on that evening h* sent Littlefield
 up to Mr- Foster’s store, in Howard street,
 Aith an order for a turkey for us I hanks
 giving dinner. Littlefield started tor us tur
 key between 8 and 9, and when be got back,
 Dr Webster had locked up and gone
 The question of searching the premises un
 der the special control of Dr. W ebster was
 submitted to Di Bigelow, who decided bat
 UU attempt to get into the vault under them
 should ti made first. On Frida) afternoon
 Mr. Littlefield descended lluougb M P
 among the foundation walls. W»d went to
 work upon one which he calculated mutt be
 nearly under the lalxiratoiy. He dug away
 seveial hours and at last made an opening
 through, and savs limbe directly under the
 M.otl occupied b&gt; Ibe warn closet above
 Shocked by the eight, Liub.ii Id horried up
 stairs to inform Di Bigelow, b t was so «»jd
 with amazement that be could not explain
 himself lor *orne seconds. As t oon ss the
 doctor could make out from i ts statements
 what lie had seen, lie sent om of the police
 officers in attendance lor the o y marshal.
 The hole m the wail was ihen nlarged so as
 to admit ihe ingress of Lutl eld and two
 officers, who brought the j oi the body
 out. They consisted of the *vei paru, ol
 iht body and lops* in one piece, .mi the right
 thigh and right leg. without the foot, in sep
 irate pieces and .’.ere defiv rid over to of
 ficer Clapp
 The next step "as to bleak pen the door
 af the laboratory, wheie another xtraordinary
 discovery was made. In the furnace were
 fyuod calcined fragment* oi a skull, mineral
t*«th feted into a lamp, half-melted fragments
 of coot button frame*, and small portion* of
 melted gold and other.
 After o abort coosulation, officer* Clapp,
 Starkweather and Sport were despatched to
 Dr. Webster's residence in Cambridge, with
 instruction* to arrest him. They arrived at
 the houee about nine o'clock, just as Dr.
 Webster waa showing a visitor out The
 officers met him at the gate, and told him that
 the college officers were met in eonsehatioi.,
 on the aulMBCt of l&gt;r. Parlun as'a disappear
 ance, sod had sent tor him to attend it. He
 made no objection, and while on the way to
 Boston he coaverred cheerfully and freely,
 and, referring to Dr. Parkman* having been
 at the college, oaid that be atojiped at the
 doctor'a house on Friday morning, and re
 quested him to call at the college for his
 money between one and two o'clock that
 day. The carriage waa halted at the jail,
 and the patty went into the office; and then
 for the brat time, Dr. VI ebster began to per
 eeiva that there was something strange in the
 proceedings of tbe officers, and asked what
 they had come to the jail for, when their des
 tination was the college in Grove street, re
 marking also that they had come out of the
 way. Clapp then aaid—“Dr. Webster, it is
 no uae to disguise our purpose any further.
 Y ou are under arrest on suspicion that you
 know something about the death of Dr.
 Parkrnan, pqrta of w hose body have been
 found under yonr laboratory. We shall look
 no more for the body.” Upon hearing this
 accusation, Dr. Webster staggered back
 wards, as if struck to the heart, and uttered
 various exclamations about hi* family arid
 children, and also saying—“ The villian! I
 am ruined or, “The villian! He has ruin
 ed me.” All who wete present agree that
 he did not sav, he was “betrayed One of
 the officers think, from some broken sentences
 that he caught, that the prisoner said some
 thing about some one having placed the limbs
 where they were found for the purpose of
 obtaining the reward, and that the discovery
 of them there would involve the prisoner’s
 rain.
 When asked if he was willing to go to the
 college and view the remains, he consented,
 and was carried rather than led to the car
 nage.
 After he returned to jail ihe prisoner be
 came somewhat more calm. He stated that
 no one had access to his apartments in the
 college but himself, and could not have such
 access but with his keys. He not only had
 the keys of these apartments in his posses
 sion, but also the key, a large one, of the
 water-closet, under whieh the lemains were
 found. This closet was within the laborato
 ry, and not accessible from without that apart
 ment and tbe door was locked w hen the
 limbs were found below.
 Saturday morning brought with it still fur
 ther discoveries. Officer Rice, in arranging
 things in the laboratory, found, in a recess
 formed by the'brick-work of the furnace and
 chimney, a tea-chest, apparently filled with
 specimens of minerals, but emitting a strange
 odor. He at once upset the chest, and found
 in the bottom, bedded in hemlock bark, the
 left thigh and the half-roasted trunk of the
 body. The skin had been wholly burnt or
 ■tripped off from the trunk. The thigh was
 only stained with the bark. All the parts
 found are such in size that they may very
 well have belonged to Dr. P.’s body. The
 missing portions, and supposed to have been
 burnt up, are the head, contents of the body,
 left leg and foot, arms and hands, and right
 foot.
 Among the secondary facts, it may be
 stated that four bloody towels were found in
 the vau.t; a very laige clasp knife, with
 hunting figures on the blade, was found with
 the trunk in the tea chest; some grapples,
 made of cod hooks, with lines and lead
 sinkers attached, were found in Dr. Webster’s
 apparatus room. This room is in the rear of
 the lecture room, and connected with it by a
 door. On the inner side of the apparatus
 room is a large closet w ith several hundred
 bottles of chemicals arranged on shelves.
 Near the door of this closet, on the floor,
 commence scattered marks of blood, which
 extend the whole length of the apparatus
 room, and appear on nearly every step of ihe
 stairs leading from the room down into the
 laboratory. —Dr. Webster’s official duties as
 a professor required of him no handling of
 bodies, nor was it allow able to have subjects
 in that part of the building. Early last week,
 Dr. Webster ordered a tin box, three feet
 long, one foot wide, and 18 inches in height,
 of Mr. Waterman, in Court street. 'The
 cover w as to be fitted so as to be soldered up,
 when used. On Sunday, a pair of trowsers,
 marked with Dr. Webster's name, and with
 marks of blood upon them, were found in
 the large closet also, under a settee in the
 room, a pair of slippers, marked with spots
 of blood; also, a small saw, with, a blood
 stain.
 On Saturday afternoon, Col. Pratt,coroner,
 summoned the following jury of inquest
 Osmyn Brewster, foreman; John L. An
 drews, Lewis Jones, Pearl Marlin, Thomas
 Restieaux, and Hiram Merrill.
 At 4 o’clock they proceeded to the college,
 examined the remains as they were laid out
 on a board, and the contents of the furnace,
 and then passed them into the hands of Drs.
 Winslow Lewis, Martin Gay and J. B. is.
 Thacher, tor such further examination as
 can be made of them.
 The doctors mentioned entered upon the
 investigation of Sunday, and found fragments
 of calcined bones fiom each of the missing
 parts ol the body. r lhere was something
 like the appearance of a wide stab on the
 left side of the trunk, but it was not made
 absolutely clear whether the incision was
 made before or after death.
 It is said that Drs. Parkman and ebster
 wete classmates in college, tor a quarter of
 a esntury or more, Dr. Webster was occu
 pied a distinguished position id the scientific
 world as professor of chemistry and miner
 alogy in Harvatd University, of which the
 Medical College in Boston is a branch. Dr.
 Parkman was once an associate editor of tbe
 Medical Journal, published by Wells
 Idlly. At the same utne, Dr. Webster was
 an associate editor of a general scientific!
 journal, whose title has escaped us, publish
 ed by Hilliard, Gray At Co.
 Some of Dr. Parkman’s friends, assuming
 that Dr. Webster killed Dr. P., suppose that
 au angry altercation occurred at the interview
 on Friday, and that Dr. Parkmam who occa
 sionally used very blunt language, said some
 thing which so exasperated Dr. Webster that
 the latter suddenly dealt him a mortal blow
 with some implement at hand, and then, to
 conceal the rash and fata! deed, resorted to
 ihe means far disposing of the body which
 have iteen described above.
 In consequence ot threats against the medi
 cal college, the military were ordeied to be at
 their quarters on Saturday night, fully armed
 and equipped, but no hostile demonstration
 was made. Similar ordets to the militarv
 were issued yesterday, and they remained in
 quarters, but without being called upon to
 act.
 Professor Webster Before the Police
 Court. —Monday afternoou tietween J and 2
 o’clock, Professor John W. Webetei was
 brought up before the Police Court, Justice
 Cushing ou the bench, upon the charge of
 having wilfully murdered Di. George Park
 man, on the afternoon of the 23d ult. Tbe
 warrant issued for bis ai rent w as read to him
 by the Hon. Franklin Dexter, who appeared
 as fats counsel, and by hts advice sod consent,
 he waived so examination. He was then
 remanded back to jail until the first Monday
 of January next, at which time he will be
 brought before the Municipal Coutt to hear
 the result of the investigation of the Grand
 Jorv in reference to the charge. Prof V\ eb
 i-ter looked about the same as usual, appear
 ing perfectly calm, without any perceptible
 ag h*ii°rtaled tb»» f Pr fe Y° l
 Web*ter very anxious *»ee bun, but her
 friends bare dissuaded faer ffw» vuui »ng too
 at present. Sfa# soot loth* Marshal a office,
 yesterday, a basket of book* and seme am
:ks of comfort, which were forwarded to
 be jail for bun. Mr. Andrews, the jailor,
 dates that Professor Webster asserts due en
 tire innocence of tbe charge preferred against
 turn, and that be does not believe tbe re
 mams found attha College are those at Dr.
 Parbman; and further, that ha hss no know
 ledge by what means they were placed where
 they were found. Professor W abater is 57
 years of age, a native of Beaten, and tbe
 ton of Dr. Redfleld Webster, who for many
 years kept s drug store st tbe North end, and
 practiced as a physician.
Foreign R«w» of tka Week.
 Tue steamship Euro pa arrived el Boston
 on Sunday rooming. Sbe brings see week's
 later intelligence from Europe.
 Encland. A new agitation baa been set
 oo foot, under the name of tbe Freehold
 Land Movement. It proposes that every owner
 of land to the value of 40*., should have a
 vote in tbe election of members of Parliament.
 A Conference of tbe friends of this move
 ment was recently held at Birmingham. Mr.
 Cobden, Mr. Bright, Mr. Heywood, and
 other members of Parliament, and persona ot
 influence, were present. A public meeting
 in connexion with this Conference, was bald
 hi Birmingham. Mr. Cobden is reported to
 have said.
“I do not stand here to advocate the exten
 sion o( the 40*. suffrage as a perfect scheme.
 I have recorded my opinion tn favor of the
 good old principle of giving every Saxon
 household a vote—(cheers.) That ia the
 oldest fianchise in this country. It is a thou
 sand years old. The franchise which we
 come here to advocate—the 40s. freehold —is
 four or five hundred yeareoki; but the house
 hold franchise is one thousand years old.”
 At the close of his 'speech he parsed an
 eloquent etilogium on (hat veteran reformer
 Joseph Hume. “It is given to few men (said
 he) to possess his physical strength,his massive
 endurance, his powerful energies, his impas
 sive temperament. But few men have the
 power to do what he has done.” Mr. Geo.
 Thompson was present, and spoke at this
 meeting.
 It is worthy of reraaik that although the
 meeting did not separate until eleven o’clock,
 at night, yet the Daily News and Morning
 Chronicle (London papers) of the following
 morning, contained full reports of the
 speeches.
 We find in the Birmingham Mercury a re
 port of a Temperance meeting htld in that
 place, at which President Mahan, of Oberlin
 College, spoke. His very radical sentiments
 on the subject, one of ouf English exchanges
 characterises as “ridiculous nonsense.” He
 is repotted 10 have said that he was the fa
 ther of seven children, and he would rather a
 daughter of his were caged with a bear,
 than united to a moderate drinker. Pretty
 strong language, no doubt, and better in theo
 ry, than in practice; but it is well to be
 zealously affected in a good cause. Probably
 the President will never have his faith put to
 the test exactly in that way.
 The first of the great lubes of the Britan
 nia bridge has heen finally lowered down to 1
 its permanent bed of plates and rollers. It
 is expected that the first line of tubes will be
 opened for traffic on the Ist of March next.
 France. On the 15th ult., the High
 Court of Ysrsailles pronounced sentence, par
 contumace, of transportation for life, on Ledru
 Rollin and the thirty-three other persons, im
 plicated in the June election.
 The Momteur contains a ministerial order,
 organizing a commission charged to report
 upon the means of establishing in Paris, and
 all the large towns of France, w ith assis
 tance from the State, public baths and wash
 houses.
 A letter from Montpelier states that a silver
 mine has been discovered in the department
 of Herault, which produces fine silver of the
 value of 80 fr. from *2OO pounds weight of
 ore.
 It is stated that the question of the reduc
 tion of the French army has been seriously
 discusssed by the ministers of Louis Napo
 leon but the repoits of the prefects of the
 departments were not such as to justify
 any proposition for reduction, except to a
 very small extent.
 Legal proceedings have been ordered to be
 instituted againsi the editor of La Liberte, for
 exciting hatred and contempt of the govern
 ment of the republic.
 The Paris papers state that Mdlle. Rachel,
 the celebrated Jewish actress, is about to be
 married to a M. Rodriguez, a merchant of
 Bordeaux.
 Rome. The pope was expected at Rome
 on theSlsl iust. A new loan of one million
 sterling had been concluded.
 A rumor was in circulation, that Cardinal
 Antonelli (one of the triumvirate) had re
 signed,
 In the Italian States, a large levy of troops,
 going on in Lombardy has caused great discon
 tent. All who are able to fly, are doing so.
 TuRkEV. Advices from Widdin slate that
 all the Hungarian and Polish refugees had
 been transported from Widdin to Shurnla.
 They left in three portions the Poles,
 under the command of Gen. Bern; the se
 cond porti ou commanded by General Stem,
 the Magyars headed by MM. Kossuth and
 Balog h.
 General Duhamel has received ftorn Onaer
 Pasha the order of his cabmer to withdraw
 from Wallachia and Moldavia, xll tioopa ex
 ceeding the stipulated number of 10,000.
 The troops which remain, are 10,000 Cos
 sacks the rest have entered upon their march
 to Laore, where they will join the Russian
 troops, which are returning from Transylva
 nia.
 Spain. The Minister of Foreign affairs
 has officially announced that orders have been
 given for the return of the Spanish troops
 from the Roman States.
 The President of the Council gate a grand
 dinner, oo the 15th nil., to Mr. Barringer,
 the new minister of the United States.
 The coipse of Marland, the celebrated
 »rJM.aui, who made a balloon ascent some
 weeks ago, from Barcelona, and bad not since
 been beard of, has been discovered on the
 Spanish coast, near Rosas, hot mo details of
 bis death have been published. It was this
 gentleman who lately crossed the Alps in a
 batyoon.
 AirsTStA. The moat important news from
 Agists the sodden change ef the cabinet
 to sort of free trade policy Some modi
 fi auon of the import duties ute Aestrts ap
 pears to be generally anticipate#.
 India asp Cnwn- In conaaynnnoe of re
 newed plotting by the rebel chief Chatter
 S ngb, hie foareone on# momj other of the
 Sikh leaders* who took «Mitl psrtmtho
late MMnMiBS, ban been M«d by the as
 dent of lm4 IMunm, sa4 henceforth they
 inabe rigorously coolntd within the tnh
 of a prison
 Tbd Chinese Covnmisaiooer at Canton
 had powiort of the bead and band of tbe
 murdered governor of Macao, but refaaed to
 give than up until three Chinese, who were
 detamed by ihd Portugese, were liberated.
 As these men are required aa evidence of the
 recent events, the Pattugaese hare refused
 to give them up. The presence of the Eng
 lish, French and Ajsencan mcn-of war an
 the station, has hitherto prevented any oet
 break.
 Tbe piratical vessels which infest the
 Chinese waters become more numerous than
 ever
Jf o tires.
The Rochester Ainal Meeting.
 The Western N. T. Anti-Slavery Society,
 will hold their annual meeting on th£ Bth and
 9th of January in the city of Rochester,
 which our friends in the city and country are
 earnestly invited to attend. We feel that the
 injunction “neglect not the assembling of
 yourselves {together,” ought most faithful
 ly to be adhered to, remembering it is by uni
 ted efforts that the bonds of the fettered slave
 must be broken. We know that the laborers in
 the great work of reform are comparatively
 few but, “Truth is mighty,” and we are
 encouraged in believing “that the day of re
 demption draweth nigh as tie are assured
 that the faithfulness of the few tried and devo
 ted friends of freedom has already sundered
 the chains and set at liberty many a despon
 ding asplive, and the reflection stimulates us
 to a greater devotedness, knowing full well
 that the corrupting and demoralizing effects
 of slavery on our white as well as our colored
 brothers and sisters, call loudly and impera
 tively upon our holiest feelings, for energetic
 action, while opportunity is yet afforded.
 Considering the disabilities we are laboring
 under, and the apathy of the mass around us,
 on this vitally interesting subject, much has
 been done in these parts during the past year;
 but a steady, petsevering, uncompromising
 devotion is indispensable, and we hope that
 while we labor with untiring zeal to strike at
 the root of this infernal system, we shall re
 member that bursting the fetters should be
 followed by the genial influences of sympa
 thy and elevation, and, that during our delib
 erations some suggestions- may be made with
 regard to devising means to place the escaped
 bondmen in situations in which their long
 buried intellect, their manhood shall he called
 out, that they may be prepared to receive the
 truth that they may be recipients of God’s
 love, and thus be enabled to enjoy the boon of
 liberty, of which they have so long been rob
 bed. We again say to our friends far and
 near, Como up to our annual gathering, where
 by a free and spontaneous interchange of sen
 timent, we may scatter seed that will eveatu
 ally yield a rich harvest.
 Frederick Douglass will be present, and
 speakers from abroad will be invited to at
 tend.
 SARAH D. FISH, Cor. Sec’y.
 Rochester, Nov. 19th 1849.
 Appeal of the Philadelphia Association
 The “Women’s Association of Philadel
 phia’’ appeal to a benevolent public, and to
 the friends of the Slave everywhere, to aid
 them in their approaching Fair, the ob
 ject of which is to sustain the “North Star.”
 To those who are familiar with the page 3 of
 this paper it is unnecesary to speak of its
 merit. To those who have not seen it we
 may say, that we regard it as one of the very
 best anti-slavery instrumentalities now in the
 field.
 We are the more interested in it, because
 the editor is one of our oppressed race, and
 admirably qualified 6y his talents and moral
 worth, to perform with credit the arduous
 task of editing a paper devoted to our eleva
 tion. We believe and trust that our friends
 will give us their liberal aid.
 To our own people we look earnestly auk
 hopefully. Sisters, Brothers, shall we lood
 in vain l The iron has entered into your souls
 Ye go heavily, bowed down to the very dust,
 dispirited, crushed by the weight of oppres
 sion. Ye hear the taunts of the enemy,
 ‘They are so ignorant and unrefined! They
 ire jealous of one other! Yes, they unite
 but it is only to put down pne who is more
 intellectual than the mass!” Prove by the
 unerring languige of conduct that these as
 sertions so often thrown in our faces are ma
 licious slanders. Sustain F. Douglass, be
 cause his talents and correct principles de
 mand your respect and confidence. Sustain
 him because it is right to do so, and because
 of ‘.he sweet peace the performance of so wor
 thy an action wilhassuredly bring it into your
 bosoms.
 The Fair will be held on Christmas week.
 Donations for it may be sent to
 HARRIET SMITH, 319 Lombard-sueet
 RACHEL LLOYD, 303 Pine-street,
 AMY M. CASSEY, 113 Lombard-street,
 Or to any member of the Association.
 Elizabeth Affe, Lydia Ann Bustill,
 Maby Babbott, Hetty Bcbb,
 Louisa Bbistol, Hclcn Johnson,
 Hcsteb Bustill, Eliza JoM£p,
 Charlotte Mills.
 SARAH M. DOUGLASS, Cor. Sec’y.
 No 54 Mullbeny st.
 Philadelphia, 6th mo.. 25. 1849.
Keceifts
 Far tkr Noam Sta*, from tkt 4*trf la* mckmtm
 ledgmnt to Dec. lz, 1849.
 Geo. R Fueoaon, .Naehoa, fIH I.W
 Philip O Am ditto OB
 Enoch Wilbwr, Sjcamon, Ohio
 Em Clark Twineborf. Okie 1 i&lt;
 Nil« Brown Wayfcld Coraere 2
 CT Beech Ea*Otto
 Tbeodor*G»iar*, Wiaetead, Coen
 P W Van Hon-n, Pratuburf
 Ditto Donoiio* ’’J®
 Kaihea P Cope Maoiertowa, Ohio
 Beej. P Geo~, Mkh MJ
 A J Shaw JJJ
 donation
 UojdSCOM o«
 Celia Anthony. Coeeotry 1 *fT
 Pawtucket Aau-Shron f"
 Choi lee Peano, Pa* tocket
 BUee k Co
 Robert Shore dido*
 E Crowe! Shown, dido J
 M W Shore iku ‘T
 Ab _ flhort dido 9
 Aapa SNPn do II
 Nary A d***® 5 fl#
 Potter ACo *«o TjJ
 H -rT f”, -D SJt
 SSSr IS.
 m;
 W»
 John M’AJopeee dido JJJ
 Hr. A Nre. Grbnaa Clark® ANo
AIM Wymaa dfcto M»
 Iml#&gt; diis* Mi
 Harriata WyMi Aim M®
 inHw Aim M§
 8 WHyAff. Fttchburg.Maae Mi
 abMiOir Aim Mi
 J«fe W Aim Mi
 M Collator, Gardaer, Maes L«®
 J D mm*; B*. ajlwmr. Mm*
 9— el Grift*, Priaertea, Meat M®
 GSBtmaa Aim Mi
 JumVEkM Aim M®
 9 i Burpee, East Prmcetae, Mm* M°
 Hrory Mi
 Charles O Nkfcofc «m M®
 Mary Am Harris Aim l
 E B Foster Aim
 Wai. W Tam Aim M®
 E Harwaod, Oxford, Mass
 Mary Pearse, East Gwrawich, ft I w
 A 9a—daw. Fa 4 fever, Maas M»
 Gilbert Wafer, Worcester, Ha* M®
 Naeeyftefeaaa Aim iM
 W ft BKas ditto
 D H Baaaru Aim M®
 W B Drary f Aim I,®»
 Charles Hill ditto I,o®
 E L Capron dim 2,00
 H K Thayer ditto M®
 E F Brooks ditto M®
 J L Tattoo* ditto
 Fraakiia Hathaway ditto I.o®
 S J Halt ditto MO
 Asa Mootfomery ditto *&gt;®o
 C L P rooty ditto 1,00
 Dr O F Harris ditto *,OO
 Caleb Cuttiag ditto 14»
 Samuel A Potter ditto 1,00
 D F Wet bet bee ditto 1.00
 Charles E Gates ditto
 Lucia W Drew, HaTeth.ll Mass 1,00
 John Banks, Proridence R I 2,00
 Benj. Thomas, Shaanock, R I 2,00
 S K Knowles, East Greenwich R I 20
 James Mott, Philadelphia, Pa 4,00
 Ditto donation 1 &gt;OO
 Darid Wright ditto 4 00
 Ditto donation 1,00
 Dennis Carter ditto 1
 j Samuel H Barrett ditto 2
 Mrs Mary Johnson, Fort Madison, lowa 2,00
Among the many blessings attendant upon im
 provements in the social condition and the advance*
 of our race in intelligence, is the prolongation of
 human life. With the increase of intelligence ha?
 grown up a knowledge of the elements of health,
 and a regard for them, and commensurately with
 the strides of science have we acquired the mean?
 of arresting disease, and averting its ravages.
 Notwithstanding the progress we have made, sta
 tistics show that even now, one sixth of the whole
 population die annually of Consumption.
 One of the most important discoveries of the age,
 in ameliorating the condition of this large class of
 suffering humanity, is DR. WI .STAR’S BALSAM
 OF WILD CHERRY.
 Nunda, Livingston Co N. Y., June 20,1848.
 Mr. S. W. Fowle,—-Dear Sir- Prompted by a
 sense of gratitude for benefits received from the use
 of WIST Alt’S BALSAM OF WILD CHERRY,
 I submit the following statement: Previous to
 my taking the W’ild Cherry, I had been obliged to
 give up my business in consequence of a severe
 affection of the lungs. InjUiis distressed state llwas
 ordered to try your remedy for CONSUMPTION.
 I did so, and in the course of a few weeks, I was
 restored to comparative good health, so thai I h:t ve
 since been able to attend to ordinary business. In
 deed, my present state of health far exceeds my
 sanguine elutions.
 None genuine, unless signed I. BUTTS on the
 wrapper.
 For sale by Post A WiLtts; and also by WM.
 Pitkin.
From Wisconsin. —M. W. B. Sloan—Dear
 Sir: We have of late been in the habit of purchas
 ing your Horse Medicines and Tannin Paste from
 your travelling ageut, the demand for them is so
 great that we have never besnable to keep a supply
 on hand from the time of purchase, until the agent
 come round again. If agreeable to you, we will act
 as your General Agents for this section f country
 In this way you could keep us constantly supplied
 j-,nd we should consequently be able to dispose of
 manv mors of your medicines chan we now do.
 ""yJ^TrespeSfSr, LADD* WILLIAMS.
 Shullsburg, March 13, 1849.
 (JCF See Agents’ names at the head of Sloan s
 Column. For farther particulars and testimonials,
 get pamphlets of agents
Commercial.
Rochester, Dec. 12tb, 1849.
 We bare had almost every variety of weather for
 (he past week. The Pork trade for the last few days
 has been active, the price has been steady at
 $4 4J. There is little doing in other articles.
 •Wholesale Prices Current.
 FLOUR iSD MEAL-Duty 20 c adval
 Flour, Pbbl
 PROVISIONSL —Duty ;Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Batter and Lard, 20 V c; CHeese 30 revival
 Pork, (mess) 11 50 00
 Do. in hog a on 5 X
 Beef, cwt. i f« X
 Do. bbl. (mess) 7 00» 8 00
 Lard (tried) *lb 7
 Do. (leal*,)
 Hams, (smoked)
 Shoulders, do. iS S*
 s£ese
 Turkeys *ft J*
 Chickens
 Potatoes, hesh. *llO W
 GRAIN— Duty; 20 cad val
 Wheat, bush
 Corn H
 Rye
 Oats S
 Barley
 HIDES—Doty; 5 e ad val.
 i Slaughter
 Calf 10
 Sheep Pelts
 SEEDS—Ditty; Linseed 10 (p Hostard 30 If
 Ctove* 1 3W• 6 00
 Timothy 160• 2
 Flax 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caogfat; 20 ft ad val
 Whitehall bbl J
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Sek,pbW. 100
 Apples, tt bus 00
 DbTdned hush.
 Eggs, (p doz 121# 18
 iS.Pbash 62
 Hay.ru* 7W
 Hard wood 3 *5
 Reft Wood
tuts.
IMPORTANT TO THE LAMBS.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS
 10,000 Cloaks, MantiDas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing loss grkas f
 TJTE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 W friends and me public, that one of dm fim he*
 ■ow retaraed from Em-upe, where he has beett enr
 ctariag. We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which arc very taaarifcl,
 iron which w§ are very extensively assAwnsj
 Cloaks, Ac., of the rirkict aad amt fosfcioaahfr
 mZSfr is see, a*k re Velvet,. Turk Satiac,
 Black Silks,
 53SaflMBB&amp;a
 cut MD ecu roa Tovtimt) as we foel
 •wnswi ia ffie aarertian that oar prices are as
 knot g per reet- fese Am tha -annul, can ha
 ta£
 aadnißtasoUef et limuaiistr LCW mi
 ccs. AH pa—ana requiring such goo da are *vt»ed
 aa cal and examine our stoat.
 W A USURY BROTHERS.
 ru|iiriM Black, B Mam as., Richaair, aad
 14 refkarias st. f New York. acsM Aa
 klr-CBtUM til ttre*rtiF~s"
 7 D k I. PATTERSON*. Sahaa, Mdar
 L* Csgls, isffih Bill
 4£
MErOHggBf•
 CorntTwltore
 of the FnraAs of Reform, at mwtmsHerfer***.-
 He wishes hwhomwto be the res**} pfec* m Bo
 rn*, where the frisadsef Timpwsare, Peace, runty
 Fesedom, the Pimaem. Ac,—y mart toff rthar, —A
 eaaov a tamfertaMr «*A quiet hsaas.
 Central Gs*rt s*ras at 238 Wiiispiis
 JOHN M. SPEAfe
 Boston, A of, 21. 1848-
 JAMES W. MON DORM INC, still cosusm to
 keep the Grocery m Second SiHt, corner
 Ehn, North side. Has noslosik so bood every
 variety of Groceries. 1*
 Ciociaoatt, Ohio- July 13,1848.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY. Boot and Shoe Maker
 No. 97, Craabery Street, Brook lye.
 NJ. Repairing nmtly executed at shortest ns
 la on reasonable terms.
MEW TORE ADTEITIBRMEMTB.
C#l®rN Saltors’ Ink,
 330, Pearl Street, Sew York.
 FRIENDS *V* .fo-e, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 aa good Boned,and at as lawa price as ia a*y other
 borne ia tbs city. The haw* ia brff* and con
 venient will bold otNßfortnblv seventy persons.
 Families caa have private rooms, •Sflt 1
 tioa paid to their comfort. WM. P. POWELL.
 May H, 1849.
JJR. J. M’CUNE SMITH, 93, W'sat Broed-
MRS. PETTIT woald respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she has removed
 from 15® to a commodious ban No. 182, Church
 Street, where she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Bourd and Lodging.
 New York, May 11, 1849-
JUST PUBL ISHED.and for sale at the often of
 of the Ami Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work mutains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 c...&gt;nent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37fccts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal of
 Women from various authors, 12J cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.-
 pp. 120. Price 184 cents- _ _
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by 11. M.
 Parkhuret, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
ELLIS A. POTTER’S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, 91 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York. Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing Articles,
 constantly on hand.
 May 18. 1849.
PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISED! *TS.
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles. J
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Btuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Siigar good quality, of various grade?-
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of tlie Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
DR. D. J. PECK, Physician and Surgeon, Phi
 ladelphia Institute, Lombard Street, above
 Seventh. *y
Free Labor C.oods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro.
 duce Association, and for sale at No- 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Pnr
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Ac. Ac.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J- Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large aad handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. i“l
Aiti-Slavery Office,
 jVo. 31, North Fifth Street Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefb
 and Fancy Staiioaery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to X. Miller McKiffi f 31 1 Nortli
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jol—tf
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient*
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for aphiloeopbic and thorough coarse in hydro
 parity. The supply of water is abundant, aad ia
 purity has been proooudfced equal to water om a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bm
 a short distance from the V-, AM. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds ia a variety of scenery, and has
 grounds for walks aad rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, aad
 exercise, patients can scarcely foil to obtain the
 beahhie! reruiu for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark.' Mrs.
 B-, wife of Dea. B of Warwick, Mass., Bled
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 Aagast. Her ease' presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in aa erect uoskioa, aad left an
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 gvmmd- If being well supported, she made aa
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been ia thin condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the Ifilh of Sept.,
 and was callied to the 2fth Oct- only, when she
 left, so for recovered as to fan able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her fcmdy, she
 haa continued her baths, with corresponding im
 psnvement to her health. Him now sitsnds to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her foreily-
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 os* pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dotes towels marked, with old liana lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten doffan per week, accord?
 me to the necessities or chains of the patients.
 Those who are leas part mdar in the arwetion el
 rosme, nr are wiflfcw to occupy them in comm*
 with others, wiH he Aartcd lens.
 Athsl. March, IM ft. GEORGE HOYT.
Pateer’i ArtlAcUl Lex.
 ’TODS entirely new, beaatjfid, and eminently «ar-
 A vienfafn Hmb, which has received the highest
 awards and meet hearty leetemoaials of afl (he
 snneipel sreentMc minimum aad tnreeon* ol
 msgMkmj foie «mm™, m addiusn in these who
 have used ike bab. as being in every reaped eape
 net Vo any hah ever before invented m Ewsm or
 Amaricn, pile siwfimii i m Spnm&amp;M, J
 by Masers.T* tarn, Cvxxita A lit wo-
 TW» sen «uar* tmii/ipm.
 airtßitcit.
 Drs. MsaiLvoe aad Irtmi, of foW*.
 Dr. Gas sop, Batavia.
 Drs. Wxsit* a and Moos?. Recheeser.
 P&gt;. FfTTta, flnrham, (whs srenre sae.)
 ffir. U«f«i, Bjrrawre
•Leasts etnas.
W-Alt the medians. Overt by W
 art sold by Part ft Wife, Wftftpm 4 Yamm Mm
 ebamet; S. ftoifiaw, Frashfin, A. 8. ferstoft
 Co., Lewiston; T. ft A. Frys, Bssskgart; CUA
 Nyo. Pittsfard; W. William*,
 mart druggists throughout dm UMtoA Sams*.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT m warn mktmrnMf ae
 kaow lodged to ba aa mfciuHe laaady, ia every
 caa* wheraa baa beta faithfully aeplaadaa fee ba
 maa tyatom, for praamfei laseumfcPargpirrtit*.
 Arawiag oat tbs mdamamtism from a ssmd, ra
 paua of ovary kmd. aad ia Ms haaliag
 worU ami aim
 fy OiatmaaTtbrnhim roar hee* ami. Aft dmaamm
 rf tbs Flash, Obstiaam Uleero. OM 9ocas, Ctft
 bfctM. Sora Throat. Baras, Cuts,
 F.ropiHin. Sore Nipples, Sort Broasts, Diaaaaaaaf
 tba Eya, Agas m the face, aids, back, aad ft*
 other parts of tbe system, Boils. U forts, Scald
 Head, Bratsas, Frasb Woaads, aad evary kadaf
 soroe containing tbe leant particle of ts—iiis
 are petmaaaatiy cared by thin peat remedy
 Graad Depot, 40 k Uk* ill.
DOCTOkIItC IS OnLUt*.
 Ma. StoAr- Abaat dare* yam age
 I tovsrsly injarod ia oat of my legs by fee
 foiling of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 nmaiag ulcers. Nearly every doctor ia Gafoaa
 tried to care them; bat tried ia vnia, mail Gram
 sympathy aod improper try aims*! my ether lag be
 came as had ns the one oriciaailv wonadsd- 1
 despaired ot' ever being well again—bat in order
 that 1 might neglect no mease within my reach, I
 purchased of roar agent ia Galena some of year
 Ointment, and you caa judge of say surprise aad
 gratitude better than I can express it, to fiad my
 self entirely well before I had fiaiehed using the
 second bo*.
 These forts I make known that others afticted
 many believe and not delay nsiag so vs km bis au
 Ointment u yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 vour grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS•
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND INEU.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dmr Sir I hereby certify
 that mv son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted' in hie fort from the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin foil of crake, causing pain aiM much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, awl no time has he bean free from
 the sore affliction until now; huffing" tbe skill ef
 several physician*; Ixit to our surprise bts feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft and free from cracks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, t would say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of ba
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing atom
 was thought of it for three weeks, at whiai time
 his feet were near about in a healthy slate, aad are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, I®4B.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Shebotgah, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dm Str: In my opinion,
 the greatest cure* effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Pmcaky.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a ease ia point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falla, was
 crippled two years with five targe deep ulcer*, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen be
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physician* in various places, have treated hie
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and heaiad two
 of the sores. The other three I tailored at till tba
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of StotN’l OiirmsHT, and
 iu three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 lIORBE MEDICINE
 IN THR WORIS.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
BURNT TO CINDBR^
 W. D. SIOAR:
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your uppaRAL
 LEA.KD Oirtmknt. Three weeks ago my
 terA clothes caught fire, and before the Ifaunes could
 be extinguished, they were all bant to cinders, the
 child]was so badly burned that death steered inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ouslwunf
 was recommended, end used with success— it gave
 perfect relief It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The tnnfum* is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Evmy
 family and person should have it in their poeeaa
 non.
 1 feel |indedted to you lor my child’s life, ami
 anything that 1 can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., J
 Feb. 38U&gt;, 1849. f
For Purity Mddotet, Safety, Cortomty
 and ThunyugbiU* SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT E*ceU,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointment* and
 Liniments now in use for the cure ot the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, GiUe ot all hinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiaidgslls, Foil
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistule, Sitfoet,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered Feat.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Hern Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all iafiaoMuatioa sad
 fever, purify the Mood, loosen the skis, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every port of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, 1 nftsmmetipp of the Eysn,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, RheutneUare,
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves to
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It in
 also a safe and certain remedy for cosghe and colds,
 which generate so many foul diseases.
 W. B. BLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake at., Chicago, lUinats.
TOO MUCH
 Cannot he said in fovor of Hloss’s Horse Medi
 cine*. Our neighbors, friends and —p nisi sen i
 who have used them, testify their ereirebetiuu in no
 ordinary terms, and rirumesiud there with confi
 dence. Cures, alsmet miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. ’’Every disease which the haras
 is heir to” m cared, permanently, by the res «f
 Hkan’s Medicines TRY THEM and test for yosr
 setf their efficacy Hi. Organ, May A*. 1849.
HIGHLY SPOKEN OP.
 Eatrtafrem for ’Weabate ZWs,' Wie.
 May 9,1M8
 ’’Sloan’s Msdicises.”—A idwtrin wribM
 from dm laws of Mew Kerbs, requests re rev.
 that he has need Hoses OiaffiMatm
 always with the deemed cffect/id Imlme* Jre
 rrr nmntnd it re those who haw the are and area
 of horses. Mr. Sfoaa’e Medicines ere Mgfefyr
 spokun sf geueraly, end from ike fovorskfo se
 qesietenre we have with that gssihnme, nr reeled
 to believe that they are prepared with a view re
 five a reeihsaafit t# whamvsr perpsss they are re-
mttli snake sits.
 Dr. W. 0. Bloas Deer ffir—Last resaffi Mr.
 A. B. Tavfor. *f HiB, ledmsa, tad a
 pmnjtt rstaf affordsd. la Isas ttaa sae hsar ire
 •nrffiag begsa to stats, aad ia twenty fear hares k
 had sandy aB sohsiJtd, aad withre three daps the
 hmss nn?ast oefy fit for ass, but was setaelfy pare
 bnrd Inker wntasi' any mjasreas resaA. r
 tt’SKtSW.
 CHCAB*,J999
'-d
"
