"Poetrij.
Fsr tbe North 9»r
 KELT RELIANCE,
 if jASta i.
 IWndHIU who**
 O»&lt;M and t« •uWrh
 Who wAi the welfare df h» tt* l
 bad dsra k*«* «k°«l*
 WW cam* •ppku*'-
 p*, l» hi* oefi fb»d purpose
 tW put* which God and Natan*’* Wro*
 pouu out, dMk esrassUy pursue.
 Wham ad'me doada around him lower,
 And aieru oppression tar* hi* way,
 Mfheu friend* desert ta triaT* hoar.
 And hope ahed* bat a feeble ra&gt;
 When all (be power? of earth and hell
 Cuminoe to brook hi* »puit down.
 And strive with their terrific yuil,
 To eroah hi* *ooi heaeath thou frown—
 When numerous frend* wbooo cheerful tone,
 h happier hoar* once cheered him on,
 Mr ilb visions that once brightly ahone,
 But now, ala*' are dimmed and gone'
 When loro, which in hi* bosom burned
 With nil tin fire of ardent youth,
 And which he fondly ibooffat returned.
 With equal purity and truth,
 Mocking hi* hopeo, fella to the ground.
 Like aome false viamn of the mglit,
 Itt row* n hollow empty sound,
 Scathing hi* I wart with deadly blight*
 Choking that welling apring of lore.
 Which lift* the tout to God abore,
 In bo ad* mysterioue &lt;o unite
 The finite with tlic infinite;
 And draw a Messing from abore,
 Of infinite on finite lore.
 When hope* of better, fear* of wore*
 Alike are fied, and naught remain*
 To stimulate him on his course;
 No hope of bit**, no fear of pom*
 Fiercer than what already rend,
 With torture* keen hi? inmost heart,
 Without a hope, without a friend;
 With nothing to allay the emart
 From blighted lure, affection* broken,
 from basted hope* and cankering care,
 When erery thought, each w'ord that’* apoken
 Urges him onward to despair
 When through the opening riata round,
 Shines on him no pellucid ray,
 Like beam of early morning found.
 The harbinger of j effect day;
 But like the midnight's darkening frown,
 When stormy tempest* roar on high.
 When pealing thunder thake* the ground,
 And lurid lightning tend? the *kv!
 Whan clothed in more than midnight gloom.
 Like aome foul spectre from the tomb,
 Despair, with stern and fell control,
 Site brooding o’er bis inmost soul—
 ’Tie then the faithful mind is proved.
 That, true alike to man and God,
 By all tlw ills of life unmoved,
 Pursues it* strught and narrow road.
 For such a man the syren aon#
 Of pleasure, hath no lasting charm;
 Nor can the mighty and the strong,
 This spirit lame with powerful arm.
 His pleasure i? to wipe the tear
 Of sorrow from the mourner’s cheek,
 I'be languid fainting heart to cheer,
 To succor and protect the weak.
 When the bright face of fortune smiles
 Upon his path with cheering ray,
 And pleasure with alluring smiles,
 Flatters, to lead his heart astray;
 This soul in conscious virtue strong,
 And armed with innate rectitude.
 Leaving the right, detesting wrong.
 And seeking the eternal good
 Of all alike the high or low,
 His dearest friend, or direst foe,
 Seeks out the braveand faithful few,
 Who, to themselves and Maker true,l
 Dare in the rtMne and fear of God,
 To spread the living truth abroad
 Armed with the same sustaining power,
 Against adveisity’s dark hour,
 And from the deep deceitful guile
 Which lurks in pleasure’s hollow smile.
 Or from the false and fitful beam
 That marks am! itiou’a meteor fire,
 Or from the dark and lurid gleam
 Revealing passion’s deadly Hire,
 His steadfast soul fearing no haim,
 But trusting in the aid of Heaven,
 And wieldiug with unfaltering arm.
 The utmost power which God hue given
 Coucious that the Almighty power
 Will nerve the faithful soul with might,
 Whatever storms mat round him fewer,
 Strikes boldly for the true and right.
 Buffalo, N Y. Dec 7, 1849
 MAN’S WORK SHALL FOLLOW HIM
 ST JOHN G WHITTISH.
 We shape, ourselves the joy or fear,
 Of which the coming life is made,
 And fill our future’s atmosphere
 With sunshine or with shade
 The tissue of the life to be,
 We weave with colors all our own,
 And in the field of Destiny
 W# «a? as ive l ave sown.
 BtU! shall the soul around ir call
 The shadows which it gathered here.
 And painted on the e ernal wall
 The past shall reappear
 for there we live our life agam—
 Or warmly touched, or coldly dim,
 1 he pictures of the past remain,
 Man s work shall fellow him 1
 HOME AND FRIENDS.
 ST CUSRLLS SWAIN.
 Ok there's a power to make each bout
 As sweet as heaven designed it,
 tor need we roam to bring it home,
 Though few theie be that fiud it'
 W* seek too high for things close by,
 And lose whai nature found us;
 fror hie hath here no charm so dear
 As Home and Friends around us'
 W# oft destroy the present jov
 fos fuliue hopes— and praise them;
 hite flowei a* sweet bloom at at our feet
 If we’d but stoopto raise them’
 For thing* sfer still sweetest are
 When youth’s bright spell hath fenim! u»;
 Bun ion we’« uught that earth hath nought
 Like Home and Friends around us'
 1 he trtends that speed m tone ol need
 When Hope’s last reed is shaken
 To show u* mill, that come what will.
 We an not yet fotmkcu:—•
 (bough ah war* u.*h&gt;, if but the light
 From fri—dship’s slur crosnud us,
 Twoald prove the Uia* ot rank sea* th»-
 Our Home* *ml Fuemdo around
 roM.UK
 r«l thou of lbs giant m»~'
 Tbsro’s work mmugb to ds.
 U fctthfai to tby fefrm* su,
 Bad to tby Ood art tint
 ”i an m." m»h I m yum malm he
 rim uMfeaset M'm pm
 f imi aa Is* tied mad labN*.
 feud Ist esMbsu* prat
 •V
0 elections.
tub rare tree irilurg.
 ■T AATMSNICL HAWTHOIHK.
 Cap*. Job* Hull tu tba mint-mla
 ter of Maasachoaetts, and coined all
 tba money that m made there. He
 wae ia a new line of business, for, in
 the early days of the colony, the cur
 rent coinage of the people consisted of
 the gold nod silver money of England,
 Portugal and Spain. These coins be-!
 mg scarce, the people were often forc
 ed to barter their commodities, instead
 of selling them.
 For instance, if a man wanted to bay
 a coat, be, perhaps, exchanged a beafa
 skin for it. If he wished tor a harm
 of molasses, be might purchase it with
 a pile of pine boards. Musket bullets
 were used instead of farthings. The
 Indians had a sort of money caled
 wampum, which was made of clam
 shells, and this strange sort of specie
 was likewise taken in payment of debts
 by the English settlers. Bank bills
 had never been heard of. There was
 not enough of any kind, in many parts
 of the country, to pay their ministers
 —so they thad to take quintals of fish,
 bushels of corn, or cords of wood, in
 stead of silver or gold.
 As the people grew more numerous,
 and their trade with one another in
 creased, the want of money was still
 more sensibly felt. To supply the de
 mand, the General Court passed a law
 for establishing a coinage of shillings,
 sixpences and threepences. Capt.
 John Hull was appointed to manufac
 ture the money, and was to have about
 one shilling out of every twenty, to
 pay him for his trouble of making
 them
 Hereupon, all the old silver in the
 colony was handed over to Capt. John
 Hull. The battered silver cans and
 tankards, 1 suppose, and silver buck
 les, and broken spoons, and silver
 hilts of swords that had figured at
 court—all such curious articles were
 thrown into the pot together. But bv
 far the greatest part of the silver con
 sisted of bullion from the mines of
 South America, which the English
 Buccaneers, (who were little better
 than pirates,) had taken from the Span
 iards, and brought to Massachusetts.
 All this old and new silver being
 melted down and coined, the result
 was an immense amount of splendid
 shillings, sixpences, and threepences.
 Each had the date of 1652 on one side,
 and the figure of a pine tree on the
 other side. Hence they were called
 pinetree shillings. And for every
 twenty shillings that he coined, you will
 remember, Capt. Hull was entitled to
 put one shilling in his pocket.
 The magistrates soon began to sus
 pect that the mint-master would have
 the best of the bargain. They offered
 him a large sum of money, if he would
 give up that twentieth shilling, which
 he was continually dropping into his
 own pocket; Capt. Hull declared that
 he was perfectly satisfied with the
 shilling. And well he might be; for
 |so diligently did he labor, that, in a
 few years, his pockets, his money
 bags, and his strong box, were over
 flowing with pine-tree shillings. This
 was probably the case, when he came
 in possession of a grandfather’s chair to
 rest himself in.
 When the mint-master had grown
 very rich, a young man, Samuel Sewel
 by name, came a-courting his only
 daughter, whose name I do not know
 but we will call her Betsey; who was a
 fine hearty damsel, by no means so
 slender as some young ladies of our
 own days.
 On the contrary, having always fed
 heartily on pumpkin pies, dough-nuts,
 Indian puddings, and other Puritan
 dainties, she was round and plump as
 a pudding. With this round rosy Miss
 Betsey did Samuel Sewel fall in love.
 As he was of a good character, in
 dustrious in business, and a member of
 the church, the mint-master very readi
 ly gave his consent.
 Ves, you may take her,” said he,
 in his rough way, “and you will find
 her a heavy burden enough.”
 On the wedding day, as we may sup
 pose that honest Hull dressed himself
 in a plain colored coat, all the buttons
 of which were made of pine-tree shil
 j lings. The buttons of his waistcoat
 sixpences, and the knees of his small
 I clothes were buttoned wiih three-pen
 j ces. Thus attired, he sat with great
 dignity in his grandfather’s chair; and,
 being a portly old gentleman, he com
 pletely filled it from elbow to elbow.
 On tbs opposite side of the' room, be
 l tween the bridesmaids, sat Miss Bet
 j sey. She was blushing with all her
 might, and looked like a full-blown
 peony, a great red apple, or any other
 round and scarlet object.
 There, too, was the bridegroom,
 dressed in a fine purple coat, and gold
 lace waist-coat, with as much other
 finery as the Puritan laws and customs
 would allow him to put on. His hair
 was cropped close to his head, because
 Gov. Endicott bad forbidden any one
 to wear it below the ears; but he was
 a very respectable young man, and so
 thought the bridesmaids and Miss
 Betsey herself.
 The mint-master was pleased with
 his new son-in-law—especially as he
 had said nothing at all about her por
 tion/ So, when the marriage ceremo
 ny was over, Capt. Hull whispered a
 w ord or two to his men-servants, who
 immediately went out, and soon return
 ed lugging a pair of scales, TTiey were
 such a pair as wholesale merchants use
 for weighing; a bulky commoditv was
 now to be weighed in them.
 “Daughter Betsey,” said the mint
 msster, “go into one side of the
 scales.”
 Miss Betsey, or Mrs. S#wel, ns we
 must now call her, did as she was bid,
 like a dutiful child, without any ques
 tion*. or why or wherefore; but what
 her father could mean, aniens to moke
 her husband pay for bor by the pound,
 n **Y ch would have boon a
 dear bargain, she had not the least
 idea
 "And now,” euid honest John Hull
 -'•"X* Ihx W&gt; IM
 IV. W. llM
 i ed, was a buss Muare
 eabnu dnsT•nThm'u£!.h
 'tHoZs'wk fa t±y
 I TWn»mi
■hub, but could not lift Ibis onaoua
 AmJ M m (C —kfl— ftn
 •■Hu ftTCrC ilftvllj
 drag it acraH tin floor.
 Copt. Hull dm took Itoy out AT
 bin girdle, unlocked tbo chest, ond lift
 ed its pooderooa lid. Behold? It won
 foil of bright pine-tree shillings, from
 tbo mint, end Samuel Sewnl began to
 think that hie fatter-in-law bod got
 possession of all the moony Hi Massa
 chusetts Treasury But it was only
 the mint-master's honest share in the
 coinage.
 Then the servants, at Copt. Hull's
 command, heaped double tiandnfutl of
 shillings into one side of tbs scales,
 while Betsey remained in the other.
 Jingle, jingle, went the shillings, as
 handful after handful was thrown in,
 till, plump and ponderous as sba was,
 they fairly weighed the young lady
 from the floor.
 “There, son Sewel!” cried the hon
 est mint-master, resuming bin neat in
 grandfather’s chair, “take these shil
 lings for my daughters’a portion. Use
 her kindly, and thank heaven for ter.
 It is not every wife that is worth ter
 weight in silver.”
 The children laughed heartily at this
 legend, and would hardly be convinced
 but that grandfather had made it out of
 his own head. He assured them faith
 fully, however, that be ted found it in
 the pages of a great historian, and had
 merely tried, however, to tell it in a
 somewhat funuier manner.
 “Well, grandfather,” remarked
 Clara, “if wedding portions now-a
 days were paid as Miss Betsey was,
 young ladies would not pride them
 selves upon a fine airy figure, as many
 of them do.”
KING COAL.
 With the hearth-wand, to housewives
 known as a poker, we have begun our
 coal-compelling spell. There? right
 iu the yielding heart of the fire. And
 small white jets of flame blow and
 blow—and the fire talks—talks audi
 bly. Another ten minutes and the
 spell works—the show begins. King
 Coal, now so mighty in England and
 upon the seas, shows us, as in a burn
 ing mirror, his earliest history—the
 beginning of his vegetable life, ere
 mineralized into the black wealth he
 now vouchsafes to man. Yes? in King
 Coal’s own fire, we see, in dissolving
 views of sapphire, topaz, and ruby,
 here and there emerald-tinted, the sto
 ry of his growing majesty. The fire
 burns hollow. A red sky rests above
 a burning earth, where many colors
 live, and creep, and change into one
 another. And now grow up ferns and
 trees, thick and tall—King Coal in his
 vegetable days, when not a beast or
 bird stirred his leaves or rested on his
 boughs—when ail was silent save the
 solemn heaving* of the early sea. And
 there in the fire grows the forest of
 King Coal, and strange flowers, of all
 tints, run up his trunks and hang upon
 his branches. And now the forest
 falls—King Coal is thrown upon his
 back and burned—deeper and deeper
 buried. And there he lies hidden out
 of sight, crushed and crushed, and
 changing and changing. Another wave
 of the poker! A few thousand years
 have passed, and negro King Coal is
 awakened from his transforming
 sleep, to do all sorts of service. We
 see him at work in the embers. There
 he is!—smelting iron, hammering it,
 melting it. There is a village, a (own,
 a city—and King Coal is wanning eve
 ry hearth, for we can see him respir
 ing from a thousand chimneys. The
 fire falls—and then a burning ocean—
 and in it a burning ship—a naked ship,
 with a fiery pennant. That is King
 Coal, gone to sea in his new steamship.
 Another dissolving view. A thick built
 town, with tall chimneys shot into the
 molten sky. That is Cottonville; and
 there King Coal, with his new work
 ing-companion, Steam, is tearing cot
 ton, teazing, spinning, weaving it.
 Again, a glowing sea—and thousands
 of ships, with dusky sails, like* black
 swans, swimming onward—all the ships
 of rich King Coal.— Punch.
From ibe Life for ibe Lazy.
 PROVERBS.
 Misery Loves Company” —Do you
 mean that the gentleman with a jump
 ing tooth-ache takes pleasure in the
 society of another gentleman similarly
 afflicted? Do the overcrowded inmates
 of the middle-of-August omnibus greet
 with becks and smiles and like en
 couragements the new comers?—Do
 you suppose the merchant without the
 wherewithal to pay his note, is enamor
 ed with those in a like fix at half-past
 two? Does sea-sickness court it?
 Would it assuage the pain you suffer,
 if, while you are having your teeth
 filed, a saw should be undergoing the
 same operation in your immediate
 neighborhood Does the dog with a
 tin-kittle tied to his toil seem to exult
 nr show any signs whatever of the
 conviviality on the occasion of the ex
 traordinary retinue oi four-footed
 delegates who are called into Con
 gress by the unusual display? Hating
 the mumps—the good,* old fashioned,
 Henry the Eighth looking, double
 mumps, in the which you can’t even
 grin, and bear it—would you care to
 have a companion, face to face, a sort
 of memento, not mori, but of more un
 der-jaw than you ever anticipated see
 ing appended to a countenance, ate
 knowing that you are looking into a
 human mirror, a personal reflection?
 Then what do you mean by “misery
 love* company?”
 Take care of the pennies; the Pounds
 will take care oflkemtelrtt.” —-Pleasant-
 ly illustrated in an engraving I have
 somewhere seen of an eldarly gentle
 man seated at his desk near an open
 window, through which a draught of
 wind is sending a scattered bundle of
 bank -oot es, while he is clutching a
 pits of coppers. It is a dangerous
 maxim, ate, foe fear of sccidooto,
 should walk arm-in-arm with “Don't
 at re at tte spigot ate last ft tte
 hang.** A few Hvt cent pieces proa
 iscaoasiy cherished may caaaa many n
 heartburn in tte end, ate tewteadsiata
 isiraa&amp;fsuS
 hri'il*nir H. »M Till! I
 Kr k tmi Im* a
 w*; a* hi* NMM K bo
 wiM aft te ateims
 rr*:*
 &amp;C7SI
higgling with a strawberry women;
 there kste, “I’mnot toteswunflod”
 looking about ten as he worries the poor
 •wi dawn creators from his farlor
 trindow into porting with five sixpen
 ny baskets for two shillings; bat to see
 ten in hu glory, foftow him into on
 auction-room, ate behold him there,
 if oot {oo much hidden ty the dust
 from that second-hand carpet which te
 in no closely examining with n view to
 purchase “if It doesn't go too high;**
 that specs Inti ve look which te is now
 patting on, in caused by a measurement
 in his mite of tte third story beck
 room of his palace in Waverly Place,
 ate not from nay misgivings as to
 small-pox; but csJculstions are to no
 purpose; the woman in the rusty black
 dress will bid over him—God help
 him! ate has no pounds to take care of
 themselves.
 —I can't sport on such a subject.
 Somebody, whose name I have not time
 to racteect, said that “a just man
 struggling with adversity is a sight
 with which the gods are pleased; but
 the devil himself must sneer when he
 seess rich man in sn auction-room!”
 “Aftoimndkitmoney are toon parted”
 —Not founded on fact, not a great
 favorite with merchant princes, and
 cabmen on the occasion of their hav
 ing, in their respective callings, suc
 ceeded “in doing” a liberal customer.
 With what gusto does the “gent” re
 lets to his partner, over a bottle at his
 country-seat, how easily the green
 horn took the bait: “An entire cargo
 —ten per cent, above the market price
 —said he supposed it was all right—
 would take my word for it. Ha! ha!
 ha! “a fool and his money are soon
 parted. And listen to the humbler
 but not meaner chuckling of the hack
 driver over his gin-twist: “Charged
 him a dollar from Whitehall to the
 “Aator”—forked over the tin without
 a word! “A fool and his money,”
 etc.
 The fact is, that an avaricious inau
 sees no wit in liberality or open deal
 ing. Shylock began: “This is the
 fool that lent out money gratis!” Ita
 all wrong. A Wall-street broker ol
 uncommon respectability once inform
 ed me that the hardest man to “shave,”
 as he technically expressed himself, is
 a fool.—“ Sir,” said he, warming and
 rising with his subject, “you don’t
 know where to have ’em; you can’t
 stick soft cheese onj a hook!” Now I
 put more confidence in the experience
 of my informant, (well to do in the
 world is he) than in all the proverbial
 ists.from Sancho down to him who ought
 to have dropped his pen before he
 wrote “Hoctenses.”
 Extraordinary Discoveyy in Cali
 fornia.—-The following is an extract
 from a letter written to his wife, by a
 New Yorker, now working in the
 mines of California, dated August 26
 1849.
 There was a gold mine discovered
 here (what is called Murphy’s Dig
 gings) one week to-day; it is evidently
 the work of ancient times—llo feel
 deep, situated on the summit of a verj
 high mountain. It has made a great
 excitement here, as it was several day:
 before preparations could be made tc
 descend to the bottom. There was
 tound in it the bones of a human being,
 also an altar for worship and some
 other evidences of human labor. Frow
 present indications, it is doubtful whe
 ther it will pay to be worked, as it ii
 mostly all rock, and will require s
 great outlay of tools and machinery tc
 work it.
 This discovery, if properly pursued
 by competent observers, may prove ot
 the highest historical importance. It
 will establish the fact that the minera
 wealth of that region has been known
 to preceding generations, and the relici
 which may have survived, may enligh
 ten us as to the nationality of the peo
 pie, who first pierced the mountair
 210 feet, and will doubtless suggest ai
 inquiry into the reason for abandoning
 the pursuit of gold in a country is
 which it seems to abound, and when
 its discoverers had found encourage
 ment to make such extensive excava
 tions in former times.— A*. Y. Pott.
 Dreadful Scene at an Execution
 —A Rockingham (N. C.) correspon
 dent of the Fayetteville Observer
 gives the following scene at the execu
 tion of a man named Robert Hildreth,
 at that place, on the 3d instant:
 The axe glitters, the trap-door falls
 and Hildreth swings by the neck. Fot
 half a minute he remains motionless
 Is he dead? Can his own weight,
 without falling one inch, have broker
 his neck? No? Poor fellow, he ex
 pected one pang, and that hi* last
 But the fatality which often leadi
 Sheriffs to gross negligence in execut
 ing the law, must cost him now a world
 of woe. With a convulsive effort he
 reaches the platform, and stands again
 on earth alive. The cap had fallen
 from his face. The blood was already
 fast rushing upwards. But his large
 and musqnlar neck prevented the rope
 from tightening. Even tteu his meek
 ness did not leave him. He spoke,
 without complaint, in a clear voice,
 that was heard with awe by every ear
 —“Come here and fix the rope' it
 won't choke me to death!” The Sher
 iff did go to him. First with an axe,
 then with a piece of scantling, he eo
 deavored to knock away the boards.
 At last he pushed Hildreth’s feet from
 the scaffold, and hung him, inefficient
 ly, a second time. The poor fellow
 made no further effort to recover him
 self. Finding that te was bung in a
 way which produced the most excruci
 ating, because gradual suffocation—
 with the blood slowly collecting on bio
 brain through a circulation only parti
 ally impedod—the unfortunate man,
 compelled by the pangs which momen
 tarily grew greater, drew up his legs
 as hign as possible, then, with ell his
 force, threw them down to tighten the
 cord. Three several times, at intor
 vals of a minute, be did the same
 again. Then his struggles ceased; his
 eos of paan. Tte soeae el Recking
 lift mm gßftftkioo ftftftftMv stock in*
 f f
 puftteterat inflicted in Jitestii
 Cel W R Kim end Judge ohms
 base teen ctomed to tte Untied mm
 tenmsftimAleteme
3li»otrti»tmcnfo.
NORTHAWWWjrAm cm.
 thrstood u» tojastlt appreciated by u mteHigeot
 "HZSifr'rrfa—r mi
 s£cri
 ieoaukwioa* .1 which hr to* arrivad by th* -w-tf
 torch- Ist, That the hw» body, ■bealthy
 &lt;*»ndtt— m a pmOtmt ritetntrditms. id. That
 three are eiectriatl e—**!*— fro— the «**cfer
 •—fact, iadieativt of hrhkh, or the nature and
 symptoms of disease. Jd. Thnft io alt cam where*
 the arriat, stomach, or Imft, are »n a*
 tive atate, (however ifinnrbad.) three u jwp® of a
 oner; but when the porta of the body aiiaded to are
 in the ciectro-negatire Kale, Hydropathy can afford
 no relief.
 Had not the results of hia nractiaa already eon
 viaced the public of the treUdtslaess of the-tnctples
 by which fhe undersigned ia governed, in detecunjf
 the nature and nynpoa* of dtaaaae, the recrnl phi*
 tooopbical and scientific dorto art ration ot their cor*
 rectneaa, by *Profe—ur Heaaa, of Georgia, and Mr.
 Hemmer, of EagfeaH. and the facts and corrobora
 tive testimony adduced by Dr. Forbes, Mr. Smee.
 and others, should be sufficient to cnnyince tlie most
 sceptical.
 Gratefully appreciating the credit so generously
 awarded for has snceeas as a Uiagnostic and Hy
 dropathic Practitioner, by a discerning public, and
 the gratitude evinced by those whom hr has had ti»e
 pleasure to relieve of their complaints, the under
 signed will endeavor to merit the confidence of all
 who may afford hint an opportunity to effect a cure,
 by hit ongmal and pkdotophrcal method of practice.
 The Northampton Water Cure is pleasantly situ
 ated near Beosonville, on the went bank of Licking
 Water, or Mill River, about two and a half miles
 from the centre of the town. It is conveniently
 arranged, with parlors, separate bathing and dress
 ing-rooms, for Ladies and Gentlemen, well venti
 lated and conveniently furnished lodging rooms,and
 a variety of baths, abundantly sapplied with water,
 which, for purity, .and adaptedoess to water-cure
 purposes, is unsurpassed by that of any other estab
 lishment in this country. A new and commodious
 building has just been completed, containing a spa
 cious dining hall, and pleasant lodging rooms, which,
 with (he main building, will accommodate from 60
 to 60 patients. A Gymnasium connected with the
 establishment, affords an agreeable and healthful
 indoor exercise. The scenery in this vicinity is
 picturesque and romantic. Tliere are a variety ol
 pleasant walks, sufficiently retired to allow tlie pa
 tients to enjoy tlieir rambles without being exposed
 to public gaze or observation
 Among the complaints which are here successful!)
 treated, are headache, tendency of blood to tlie head,
 cold extremities, general and nervous debility, bron
 chilis, pulmonary affection, liver complaint, jaiu*
 dice, acute or chronic inflammation of the bowels
 piles, dispepsy, general dehility, nervous and spina
 affections, inflammatory and chronic rheumatism
 neuralgia, sciatica, lame limbs, paralysis, fevers, sail
 rheum, scrofulous and erysipelas humors.
 All persons who visit this establishment for
 course of treatment, should furnish tliemselves w ill
 three comfortables, three woollen blankets, one oi
 two linen and three cotton slveets, two pillow rases
 six or eight crash towels, some well worn linen, t«
 cut for fomentations, an old cloak or mantle, an tun
 brella, and a pair of slippers.
 Tr.ltMS. —For treatment and lioard from $550 t&lt;
 $8 60 per week, payable weekly. For a patien
 (from choice or the nature of his complaint) occu
 pying a room alone on tlie first and second floors
 $9 W with room-mate, $6,50. For one alone oi
 the third floor, $8 60—with room-mate, $5 50
 Patients requiring extra attention or fire in theii
 rooms, (except for swathing purposes,) will furnisl
 their own nurses and fuel, or pay an extra price
 For patients receiving treatment at home, $1 00.
 Terms for examination, from $2 00 to $5 00
 Post-paid letters, with one dollar enclosed, soljci
 ting advice, will receive attention. Correspondiii)
 patients should be particular in stating tlieir las
 treatment and its effects.
 DAVID KUGGLES.
 Northampton, Mars., 1849.
 N.B. Visitors to the Establishment, from tb
 east, west, or south, can take the cars of the Conn
 River Railroad at Springfield. Carriages wil
 always be in readiness at the Northampton depot, t
 convey them hither. That the sick and nervou
 may not be disturbed after retiring, visitors arriviitj
 in the evening train are requested to take lodging
 at a hotel.
 The human blood, in a normal and healthy con
 dition of the system, is in a positive state, whicl
 is constantly maintained by the activity of th
 generating sources within—an excess generally pass
 ng off in silence from tlie cuticular surface, so ttu
 out of 356 experiments made by Mr. Hemmer c
 England, upon tlie uncovered skin,” 322 indicate
 the presence of positive electricity. This surptusag
 of uie fluid upon the surface, we believe to be indn
 pensable to tlie healthful condition of tlie who)
 animal economy, and that when, from any cause, i
 is diminished or ceases, diseased action ensues.’
 See address delivered before tlie Medical College r
 I Georgia, at the opening of its annual session, No*
 8, 1847, by A. Means, A.M., M.D., Professor
 Chemistry and Pliarmacy, and Professor of Physict
 Science in Emory College, Ga., page 25
 i Dr. John Forbes, editor of the British and Foi
 eign Medical Review, in an able article on the cor
 dition and function of the skin, says: Perhap
 there is scarcely any disease in which tlie func
 tion of tlie skin is not, to some extent, deranged
 To what extent, physicians have not bestowed suf
 ficient pains to learn; nor have they I teen accnstomei
 to give much attention to this pari, in the practice
 investigation of diseases, Physiolog'
 teaches us that it is tlie vehicle for conveying ou
 of the system a large amount of matter, as well soli*
 as liquid; and practical experience exhibits it as
 the channel through which the materia morbt it
 many instances, and tlie hurt lien of plethora gene
 rally, find their exit.”
 The London Sun, alluding to tlie discovery o
 voltaic electricity by Alfred Since, Surgeon to th
 Bank of England, says: By a test which lie term,
 electro-voltaic, lie lias satisfied himself that the ter
 initiations of the sensor nerves are |Mi*itive poles o
 voltaic circuit, while the muscular substance is tbs
 negative pole. The sensor nerves are tlie telegraph]
 which carry the sensation to the brain, and the motoi
 nerves carry lack tlie volition to the muscles.” Set
 N. V. Tribune, April 7,1849.
 Dr. flollick, on tlie subject of electiicily, remarks
 There is no agent dial affects tlie body more, both
 naturally and artificially fo* work on Neu
 roundly, published in Ph.ladeJphia in 1847, p. 127,
 The following extract is from an interesting arti
 cle ou electricity, copied by the N. V. Journal ol
 Commerce from a foreign Scientific be view:
 do not pretend to say that a deficiency of electricity
 may not occur in oue part of die human body, and
 an excess in some oilier pari, for a time, and dial
 this may not be the cause of disease, and the resto
 ration of the equilibrium the cure; think this most
 likely, and licit it is upon this principle, in a great
 measure, that tlie wonderful effects of elects niag
 oetism, in the uie of disease, are to be explained.
 It is certain tiut. when our electrical machines are
 most actively productive, we alt fed most vigorous.
 Our nervous system* are then most firm; om diges
 ive organ&lt; »&gt;»l active; our minds most clear.
l»)lm for the kick*
 DR- HA MILTON’{B l|tJi(ia&gt;tbk and Aayalvtic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchauge Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Lutit-fou
 it now firmly established and in Meeeeefid opera
 tion- The proprietor analyses every diseas e hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural aad appro
 priate remedy Ahhoufhwater ie need -every tray
 that u applied in any water-cure Ttnhlishmrnt in
 the I’ntted States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 eaprcssly imdersteni that susot relied on the#*/*
 or principal lemedy is the treatment of disen— sub
 mitted to his care.
 This F.vtahkafoneai is designed for that class of
 invalids who have fityied to obtain their health by aU
 other systems of practice, and are still suable to
 -ilk or stand on ihnir foK, aafl are e-Mto their
 ontaay hope of ever being say better. ,r
 The remedies made we qfta this lastitation not
 ualy entirely —move disease h— gins increased
 h—at—wilt Itfcs*—
 “T* wither wafoud Urnr their weight
 ea their fost firam five le fiftraa mn; and seas*
 vha have hew aaahle to dress nr eaifeias. ——l
 to feed thmaeafoas. sadia the eewraeeta few weefts
 S!
 -free, and —rprswag fer frwads aad nd whs saw
 —ah w
 1 scssr sc
SaaMbSwUn. all lUrrn. Cold
 Feet tlnnds, 9t. Aatheay’a Dane*, Tetters of
 afi kinds, Sell Rbeem. m .f worst forms, Newml
 •is, Tie Menu. Rkr emetine, CWumptrad in
 ks first slag—. General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given Ms whole attention to
 ihsabsrr# lisa—« for ths laK tsa years, and has
 iraossd ths— —an s—irsly different way from any
 ether private practice er public Institution in this
 to— are Ids remedies in their effects on those dis
 cos—, th— ta—d of pabßehia* a long list of cer
 tified ewros, he wishes to give that class of invalid*
 —eking to obtain their health a snficient gaarantee
 against aay folse pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 st**— deception, so th— no one need be to aay
 expense in this I—tit-ion wit boot being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into n special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 —it into die Institution, to advance the —oner and
 EaU the expenses from any pert of the Cawed
 m here and back home again, before he oeerv
 mane— the treatment, aad give a bond to hosted them,
 together with his professional services, for noduag,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 F»ramee against misiepiesenutkn# and expos—
 without receiving equal benefit, caa let the proprie
 tor know whet wil be satisfactory, and it shall be
 duly considered.
 This Institution bee grown op from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain it—L
 by its own merits, or pay tba expen— of (ho— who
 eaoo— to make a contract in case of failure. Tbs
 desiga of this Circular is not to make known the
 cur— that hare been made ia this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but 1o let it be mot
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying *ll
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain coafined to their bed* from
 five to twenty years, that there is an lustitutioS
 whose treatment is different from any other oue ths
 United States, and is particularly adapted to theii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the unrober of pal mat* mast be limited, therefore tin
 proprietor does not solicit tlie patronage of slight and
 ordinary ca—s which may be easily helped by otbet
 systems of practice; nor do— he waat aay one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twent;
 mil— at a tin—, and follow it up day after day ic
 succession; and also willing to be made able to er.
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of peoph
 that call them—lves well, as he means that ever)
 one tint goes through a thorough course of treatmen*
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ol
 texture, capability of endurance, aad improves
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, arts
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 lie made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expense* if,
 required.
Halsted’s Eclectic Medical listitiK,
 and Water-Cure Establishment.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 during fourteea years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any oilier course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and- who were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything el— had failed.
 Tho— who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 See., which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of oilier di—ases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 your—lves, and save life, time and money t
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it ia applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH JSIECTRICITT,
 and a new mode of application which truly U magi
 cal a ita tftciry, ass ts always sura to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the ca— one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.-—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the di—a—s incident to
 I that period known as the torn of life*—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females freauently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to tneir —x, and linger out a life of help
 f lessness and pain, when a few weeks* or at most a
 few months’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 ami restore them to their families, with health to
 I labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who bad not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked -miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such ts our knowledge and confidence in tbs unppr
 atelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we mil offer the j
 following
 PROPOSITION.
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through ths system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, fra of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricisra from
 tho— interested in keeping patients under theirowu
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out,
 by disease, who Itave spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend tlieir money
 without benefit, and that no fa!— statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operands of curing Female drMuuttirx u
 a new discovery and practised only at thu Institution. I
 The most helpless and feeble casts, who have been con j
 hsud for years, are relisted immediately, and if 'met pre- i
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, cm go up
 and down ttsvrt in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble m regard to their origin al dif
 ficulty. To produce thm almost mstamtanssms rehtf,
 ths patient is subjected to no pom ot moon vsniencs, and
 in every instance a speedy curt u performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trymg and dtfji
 cut case they con find, and test our veracity and thill.
 Our TERMS art easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing4d know more about oar
 system of treatment far Lena diseases or any other
 difficulty caa address us [poet |«id] aad we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificate*
 of cure—official report of last yen t, ke., free of
 charge together with the mom respectable refer
 ences in the cuv aad country
 P. I. Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that caa be cured at home. Weur.de
 oar-ism in coring what others are not fortunste
 enough to do.
 Communication.. hould he addresaed to H a lst r o
 JUli, Medical Institute, Rochester, N Y., post
 ss^ygPS”^—fc**»ydr. *«d
 Rev, fs. W. Mo-gemary, Rocheeim, N. Y.
 “EverTlUß Ms twa rhyskUß.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR
 J eW d T,U U book
 ti for every fomrfy rnthe country, and one that may
 ijdi«ies, it 7 &amp;E Doctor"
 Manual, firing the caueee, aymutume and treatment
 «°emJ7£T^K«m
 r mj *-sirs' i 2*SL’
 4M— Rjatase*
 .li—U—her-g,’
 P^**^*Bl» eHff —fl— foe h—Rum I
 I -Ml.
The hook ha- hero written »,rh nn&gt;
 P*am, mmpie, common-—e srel* easifr to he m.
 derstood by every person, sod fe a practical ph*si
 thorough botanist. We ran rsrnnm**;
 with entire coamdeace, as hem* a work rupne*
 us all respect- to aav other t»&lt;ok of the kimTrWi
 published at the pr«».
 Families ia the remain, and espertally tho— h*
 tag in new countries nni unhealthy elimntes, shouH
 not foil u&gt; procure a copy and have it at all times si
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby b*
 Simple remedy v* an expensive and pruinr
 ted doctors bill. Whether well or sick, Mich a book
 should be ia every boo— as a safe and sure advi*—
 in lime «f need, the direction glT for persons m
 health cannot be too strictly .voewled m bv ail.
 The once at which the hook i* so fo w that
 every femibr may have a rop&gt;, and none should b
 without it.
 The book isjmt up in Paper bu,dm«. ami can
 easily be sent by mad. Postage o«h fij cent* to am
 mart of the Lotted States.
 kP Aov person sending m. ra- dollar k, 4fl
 pad paying poet age on the letter, i MV ,’fo u;
 copies sent him frtt of ports g’
 Send in your order—, there oo risk in «ra i MIJ
 ■»net by laail, it comas to ns buly. and the
 alwavs reach tlf'ir destination.
 yy- Four families can rhtl, togeth»w sr.d
 dollar bill, and have four hooks sent to &gt;rx&gt;
 WANTED—Agents in n»..#t of the Buic»
 this work, almost every familv w ill purrna-e
 earner! to their doors. A small capital of t r m
 to $5O will be necesearv for each agent. A.ldie
 met paid, GF.O W FIST’KR
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-w R&lt;x iicster N
[G. w. merchants!
 f: l t: H K A T*E i&gt;
 LA lid LING OIL.
 I I nil K&lt; iV Hrviiv n rcu
UNPARALLED W THE HISTORT «r
 MEDICINE
 T*r n 9) T
 Hemarkabie Exieria! Appikailoc
 Effr Discovered I
 TIME and experience have fully prored ifo,t th,»
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY \L Dot
 on the list of popular tnedumes, having beenberorr
 the public foi more tlran fourteen tears Testuno
 ny of tlie most disinterested clwracter rf its tv &gt;n
 dertul effects ou the animal economy is almost JxiK
 presented to the proprietor It is worthy of ids
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraor imar.
 power* in ihe cure oi
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE
 in wlnrh its virtues first attracted the attention o
 the Farrier and Farmef, and the wonder of ti. e
 public generally, it has been successfully employes
 in a greiit variety ol the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 as—rtion that any one remedy can possess within
 it—lf the virtue of' curing many diseases Expen
 ence of more than fourteen rears has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrate.)
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Familv Embrocation,
 w ill cure most —s and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which thi.
 Oil lias hewn completely successful and in which ot!.
 er pretended remedies have completely failed
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 lections. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Coins
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruise*, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local cause*, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles.Wounds, Swellings, Sir
 Also a host of disease-*
 in Horses and oilier
 animal*,Huch as
 SPA 17 AW.
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 indgall. Foil Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Straps, Lameness
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Fret, Scratches.
 OR UREASE, MANGE, FARCY, 4-
 Numerous are the unsolicited statement* of pn
 tients them—lves, and others who have used the Oil,
 ol cures which in themselves appear *0 remarkable
 that were they at all interested in &lt;1 pecuniary (mint,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The celebrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows
 j Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargl ng Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, w ith marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. A« a ducutitm, it it fi»i»
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 bv general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uou u&lt;
 u—.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where tliere is no
 general fever in all the above di—a—s, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and con—quent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this*Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to die prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Hor—s are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, rfead the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made u— of Merchant’s Gargling Oil foi
 two years past, and canaafely say, that foi all the
 di—a—s that hor—s are liable to, I never* saw ita
 equal. 1 11— about one bottle per month, ami rc
 commend it to the public as the best medicine foi
 hot —s now in use. E D MINOR
 All orders addres—d to tlie proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 Geta pamphlet of the Agent, and —e what wo.,
 ders are accomplished by the use ol this medi.-tne
 Sold by respectable dealers generally m ihe Uni
 ted State* dud Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm Pitkih, L B
 Swan, Winslow ft Young, H D yVaot,
 Rochester.
 H ft E Gaylord, Heudeison ft CUvc
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbu*, 0., Gordon
 ft Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure ft Co, Altar.)-,
 Hollister ft Co, Buffalo; Green to an ft South, fu
 ca; P D Orris ft Co,Troy,N Y July 13-‘«n.
British Periodical Liteialuie&gt;
 The London Quarterly Rnitu, the Lhnbu/gh Rtuiu
 The North Bntuk Revuu, the Wat mm it o Ra. »*v,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Mug asm*.
 THE wide-spread fame ot the— splendid ;er.vj
 cals renders it needless to sa\ muoli m their pr*»*«
 As literary organs, they stand for m advance ot
 anything of the sort now published, while the poht
 ical cooiplexiou of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found m works
 of a party character
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 ta England—Tory, Whig, and Radical Black
 wood and the London QuaituK are lory, (he
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmut
 stor Review Radical The North Br.ush Ms
 view is more of a religious character, hav.ng ben
 originaiK* edited by Dr. Chabners, and now, *.nce
 hi# death, being conducted bv hi* son-ut-isw, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir L&gt;arid Brewster It*
 literary character uof the very highest order Toe
 Westminstei, though reprinted under that tuJs
 is pubiiseed in England under the title ot I bo Fob
 eign Quarterly and Westminstei 't bv** l &gt;K;t a
 union of the two Review* forwerlv repohbshed sad
 reprinted under —para— title-- 1* tnerefore.
 the advantage by this rontuanw. uniting »u one
 work the beet feature* of boll, a* heretouue issued
 The above Periodical* are reprinted in New York.
 Huuadiately on Ibeu arrival by the British steamer*,
 ia a beautiful clear tvpr, on Hue white paper, and
 are faithful copie* ol the ofigtnafo, Blackwood’s
 Magaiine, being an exact fus-nmth ol tiw Edinburg/
 edition.
 ratt e* run I*4*. vtaacamch »ok tuat»
 For any one ut ibe bme Reviews, $h (Mi per annul a.
 For any two do 5 IMA
 Fur anv three do 7 (Mi
 For all four of the Reviews, (Mi
 F&lt;n Bfe. kwoo.Fs Magntine, XW
 Fur Blnrkwwwi aad the 1 Reviews, 9 (S»
 Fur Bfe.ks.oral ft the 4 Reviews, 10 06
 Payments la he mods in nil amt in adram*
 (TUBBING
 Funs naps— af aay nil the above wuskt will
 as— u» u*m addtaaa an pay mem ut ths rtgvfe
 scriptum few threw —Use fousih rapy towg pstn t
 EAKIA GOTIEH
 A fetr atranaotnawt with th* Hr Mr ah pahlisbs.
 flfehthMl’* ntwei to early shoot
 that «&lt;wk, hv wtwrh we -ball to able to pfere lb
 v—we an—her ms ths bauds wf wfenifen tobwv aay
 swtiw. &lt;4 M aan to teprwrtad m aay «f ffw 4m—was*
 Ja—waft F— fffes and —to* adre—sage* ssrewed
 a— sakweeth—• we pay m tetfs e raws—toaMa- I
 we amy to .—pslnl to rmtm tto pm id tho i*t*
 tins. Ttoisfcsv we repeal &lt;«to &lt;to ear** ah**
 j toS^Mre^^^w
"
