"Col«it4 ftclio«t KeeUaf.
 A latge limber of respectable erthren*
 convened at the Court House on edne*day
 evening, for ikjq purpose *«f protesting against
 the erection o» «epnra«e school* fur the child
 ren of colored per wo*.
 Mr S\Mts I*. Fogg appointed Chan
 «r# a.KIJo«‘W Hfift Secretary.
 Me S If I »TMt stated lh lhe oi
 ihc meeting «Jt to consider the action of our
 cay iiiibontier in regard to the exclusion of
 colored children from the common schools
 We complain (wad Mr. F that this courae
 is illegal, unjust, anti-republican, and un
 christian. It u a wanton squandering of the
 public money, Wtd a wanton injury to the pub
 n. intetcet3. No man of liberal mind, of
 dignity of stuil, and of established position in
 society, i.bjects to tin* extension to others of
 the privileges which he himself enjoys
 Mr F ihen offered a senes of resolutions,
 pending the adoption of which, Mr. Freo
 krk k OovotAS i addressed the meeting.
 Were we here to-night (said Mr. D lor
 the purpose of considering the conduct of the
 Autocrat N ichol&amp;s towards unhappy Hungary,
 1 presume 'hat every inind in this house would
 echo my denunciations, however strong they
 might be Were we met to think of thecon
 dition ol i.iifortunate Ireland, no anathema
 which I could hurl at British authority, or
 British monarchy, would be deemed 100
 harsh. Wo ran' sympathize with all phases
 of suffering humanity abroad, but when wo
 look at home, at the injustice and the wrong
 which is inflicted there, wc blind our eyes to
 iheir magnitude, or sec palliating cucum
 biarices which make us think the evil good.
 1 have (said Mr. U.) felt the lash of
 the American slaveholder upon my back, but
 the enjoyment of the little liberty which you
 have been willing to allow me, has so in
 reused my sensibilities, that I feel this insult
 more keenly than that outrage. Colored men
 have w atered your soil with their tears—have
 fertilized it with their blood, and delved n with
 their hard hands. We have fought fox our
 country, and only ask to lie treated as well as
 those who fought against it. We love the
 country, and only wish to be used as well as
 those who hate it Wc are American born,
 and only wish to enjoy the same privileges as
 tuieigners.
 Dr. Lo.su stated that, as a member of the
 Hoard of Education, he voted for the separate
 establishment of colored schools, because he
 was intoiracd that that portion of our popula
 tion desircJ it.
 He thought that holding a public meeting
 was not the proper way to rediess these
 grievances.
 Mi K. Francis said the colored people
 did not desire the establishment of such
 schools that the one selected in the Third
 Ward is an unhealthy, dark and dirty hole,
 w hich has been used for a number of years as
 an ice house.
 Mr. 11. C. Smith, a member of the Board
 of Educaiiuu, read the statute on the subject,
 by which it appears that it is discretionary
 with the Boaid to establish or not to establish
 schools.
 Mr. Peck made a few rcmaiks, which
 were highly applauded by the audience
 Georg e W. Clare added his testimony in
 favor of the colured people, and finished oil
 with a few verses of one of Burns’ glorious
 songs
 W.m C. Bloss took the ground that no
 man could he considered a patriot who claimed
 any rights for himself which he was not
 willing to allow to the blackest man who ever
 lived.
 A committee was then appointed to draw
 up a* remonstrance, to be presented to the
 Board of Education. Messrs. Bloss, S. D.
 Porter, the Rev. Mr Peck, J. P. Morris,
 Isaac Post, Mr. Newell, and George W.
 Clark, were appointed said committee.
 The following resolutions were then unani
 mously adopted
 Resolved, As the sense ot this meeting,
 ihat the Board of Education of Rochester, in
 establishing separate schools for colored child
 ren, an»i especially in excluding them from
 the schools in the districts where such children
 reside, have transcended their powers, mis
 repre i led the sentiments of the community,
 violated the rights of colored citizens, and
 nerdless'y inflicted a wound upon the feelings
 of the least piotected part of the inhabitants
 of this city.
 Resolved, That the establishment of colored
 schools m ttas city is uncalled tor, unequal,
 and mi|ust; —that if designed as a privtlcgi
 to the colored population, they disclaim it, for
 while they ask not lavois, they danand
 Rights. It designed 4s a mark set upon
 coloi u&gt; degrade and separate them from then
 co-equal tellow-citizeiis, they repudiate the
 distinction, and claim their common rights, as
 men and citizens
 Resi lved, That as lax-payeis, who earn our
 bread by the sweat of our brows, we atP in
 terested in an economical administration of
 our city n(fans, and that we protest against
 the expenditure ot a thousand dollars of ihe
 school fund, desecrated to prejudice, in the
 support id two colored schools lor the present
 year, when the whole might lie saved, and
 the colored people be educated in their own
 proper school d.stiicta, and in school-houses
 which their fathers have heen taxed to build,
 without the extra cost of a single penny to
 the public at large: and thus give all the
 «chools in ilie city the benefit of an entire
 months* instruction more than they now
 r.joy
 Resulted, That it is cleuily the right of
 very child more than five years old, to
 attend tin school set apart for ih* d'stnct in
 which In' or she mav reside; that the law pro
 viding tor the establishment ot common
 schools, makes no reference to the color or
 origin of the children entitled to this priv
 liege
 Resolved. That every unjust act towards
 u»« free colored citizens of the North, is anj
 additional prop to slavery everywhere; and
 that the. people ot Rochester may justly share
 in the lcproach of slavery in South Carolina
 it they give countenance to this wrong, and
 thereby piova that they have only to change
 their latitude to become buyers and sellers of
 men, a class ot person* justly esteemed
 st|*o6t»ia|Jo Democracy, and Christians only
 m naralP
 Resolved, That the pioceedtng* of this
 meeting be published in the daily papers of
 this city.
 Cvrouers’s Inquest in the Pnikmun
 Case.
 'l'ht fttmiu*'’ lu b* pji/i of tkt twjy uf Th
 (jMgt PurkMa*—J* Join H\ Wthmer tkarged
 iath kaktnr kitltd
 Kiofii die Boston ALU* of Friday.
 Vesirtdsy afternoon, a few minutes before
 &lt;i o’clock, the room in the Court House occu
 pied by ihe Jury of InnucM summoned by
 Coroner Frau, in the Paikraan case, wa*
 thrown open, and the reporters of the van*
 ou» paper* admitted lor oner Pratt staled
 that to accordance with the opinion expres
 sed by the Attorney General of the Common-
wealth, Mr Clifford, and by a vole of the
 Jury, in which vote he concurred, the evi
 dence before ibe toquett would be kept aecret
 from every body until laid before tbe Grand
 Jury.
 He remarked that tbe inquest bad been in
 scMKHt 10 dayn, and bad examined a large
 number of witoemea, and that that evidence
 occupied over eighty large foolscap pagea of
 w nung paper. He then said that tbe verdict
 which bad been agreed upon would be made
 public, and accordingly the Secretary of tbe
 Inquest, Mr. Andrew* was directed to read
 the verdict, as duly recorded, which be did,
 and it is in the following language
 Suffolk, m.—An inquisition taken at tbe
 city ot Boston, w ithin the County of Suffolk,
 thirteenth day of December, in the year of
 onr Und one ihuuaand eight hundred and
 forty-nine, before Jabex Pratt, Eeq., one of
 the Corners of said County, upon tbe view
 of sundry parts of tbe body of a dead man,
 viz a thorax, kidneys, pelvis, two thighs,
 left leg, and sundry bones, there lying dead,
 by the oaths of Osmyn Brewster, John L
 Andrews, Pearl Martin, Thomas Kcstieux,
 Lewis Jones and Haium Merrill, good and
 lawful men, who being charged and sworn
 to inquire for the Commonwealth, when, how
 and by what means the said dead man came
 to lus death, upon their oaths do say—
 That they all have been demonstrated to be
 parts of one and the same person—that these
 parte ot the human frame have been identi
 fied and proved to be the remains and parts of
 the dead body and limbs of Dr. George Park
 man, late a citizen of said Boston, aged about
 sixty years—that he came to his death by
 violence, at said Boston, on the twenty-third
 of November last, on or between tbe hour of
 one and a half of the clock, 111 the afternoon
 of that day (about which time he entered alive
 ami in good health, into the Massachusetts
 Medical College building, situate in North
 Grove street, m said Boston,) and the hour
 of four of the clock in the afternoon of the
 thirtieth day of November last, (when a por
 tion of said remains were found concealed in
 and under the appartment of Dr. John W.
 Webstar, of Cambridge, in the county ot
 Middlesex, in said College building,) in
 which building the residue of said remains
 were afterwards discovered—that he was
 killed in said college building by a blow or
 blows, wound or wounds, inflicted upon him
 with some instrument or weapon to the jurors
 unknown, and by means not yet known to
 said jurors, and that said blow or blows,
 wound or wounds, and said means were used
 by the hands of said Dr. John W. Webster,
 by whom he was killed. In witness whereof
 the said Coroner and Jurors to this Inquisition
 have set their hand and seals, the day and
 year above said
 •labez Phatt, Coroner,
 Osmyn Brewster, Foreman,
 John L. Andrews, Secretary,
 Pearl Martin,
 Thomas Restieux,
 Lewis Junes,
 H arum Merrill. With a seal to each
 name.
 The reading of the verdict having been
 concluded, the Coroner announced that votes
 oi thanks had been passed by the Jury to the
 City Mat&amp;hal and other officers of the police
 department, for the prompt and efficient ser
 vices rendered by them to the inquest, in
 procuring evidence and rendering such other
 assistance as was in their power, and that the
 Coroner be requested to communicate said
 vote to the City Marshal—to Mr. Daniel
 Merrill, tbe Superintendent of the Court
 House, lor his attentions—and to the Co
 roner, |Foreman and Secretry, for the ac
 ceptable and satisfactory manner in which
 they had discharged the duties that had de
 volved upon them.
 Constable K. J. Jones then made the usual
 proclamation, adjourning the Inquest without
 day.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER DECEMBER 21, isio.
 Our New Volume.
 e would remind our readers that with the next
 number commences the third volume of the North
 Star and would urge upon them the importance of
 immediately renewing their subscription*. They
 can gain nothing by delay nor will they lose any
 thing by promptly forwarding payment for a new
 volume. We require not only all our present sub
 scripts, but many more. Will our friends bear
 this in mind, and act accordingly.
 MASS CONVENTION,
 TO BE HELD AT SYRACUSE.
 It lias been determined that a Convention
 «f the Abolitionists of the State of New- York
 shall be held at Syracuse, on Tuesday the
 15thof January, 1850. The present aspect of
 National affairs in regard to the question of
 Slavery; the present position of political
 parties in relation to those affairs the present
 relation which Abolitionists, who have pie
 served their faith inviolate, hold to those
 parties and the relation which Abolitionists
 now sustain to each other and the cause, de
 mand that such a Convention be held in this
 State, that it be held dining the ensuing
 session of Congress; and that it shall repre
 sent the entire strength of that portion of
 our people who are hostile, not ouly to the
 extension ot Slavery into new Teititories,
 but to us existence anywhere who are de
 termined not only to resist us establishment
 on the Coast of the Pactiic, or in the valleys
 of New Mexico, but are equally determined
 on its extermination on the Atlantic Coast
 and in the valley of the Mississippi.
 The events of tbe jjhst year; the events of
 the passing week; the events, probably,
 which will signalize the present winter, ap
 peal to all who aassume to themselves the
 name of Abolitionists to arouse themselves,
 at once, to the work of making this the larg
 est and uiostinriueutial ANTI-SLAVERY
 CONVENTION that has ever been held in
 this State. The warning cry of No Union
 auk Slave-holders and their abettors was nev
 er more needed than at this moment, and has
 never bean so needed as it will be in the
 present crisis.
 Particulars of tune, place, and probable
 continuance of the Convention, and names
 of the distinguished triends of the cause who
 will be present, will be given in futuse
 notice
 The North Star Pair.
 We would call the attention of our loaders
 in Philadelphia, to the North Star Fair,
 which is to be o{&gt;ened m that city, next week.
 Thu Fair will be held, ootbe 24th, 25th, and
 -btti at Samson Street Hall and will be
 coat nued at the Philadelphia lostitfjgft soul
 the evening of the First of Jftuuary. A
 great variety both of useful and ornamental
 atttcles will be offered for sale. Tbe Lodiee
 of the North Star Association, to whom wo
 art indebted for ibis generous effort in our
 Niff. have spoaod no pains to make the Fair j
 more than ueasily attractive We hope
 that their self-denying exertions will meet
 with a cordial mtpoose from their feUow citi
 sens, both while and colored. W
 FaEDißtc*jDm.'OLA*s will be present, and
 will address the asecrobly.
Check-Mate is the Mmm.
 Tbe elected of the people present a vary
 singular spectacle Tkej kite beaa
 bled more than taro week*, and bare veted
 for a choice of Speaker eenSwbsts, we sup
 pose, over fifty times aad they are bow, if
 we may judge by appearance*, at near or fan
 ning aa they wet* oo the first day of am*
 ing. We have ootbiag to aay against this
 state of thing*. We opine that it would be
 no very serious detriment to the country, if
 they did not soceeed in agreeing open a
 Chairman for .six momka to coma. Thera
 would be time enough then to do all the need
 ful legation. The first Candidate started
 on the Democratic aide, waa Howell Cobb, of
 Georgia, a well-known aad inveterate slave
 holder- He came within a very few votes
 of being elected. The Northern Democrats,
 who, immediately before their election a few
 months ago, seemed to encourage a belief
 that they were so true to Freedom that tboy
 could not come within‘fifty miles of a slave
 holder, all with one or two exceptions, voted
 for him. Mr. Welland, the only Democrat in
 this State, (excepting Preston King, who is
 a Free Soilei) from the very commencement,
 stuck fast by this Georgia slave-holder, aa a
 fit and proper person to bo the Speaker of
 the House of Representatives. On the Whig
 side of the House, we find our thirty-two
 members of that faction, one and all voting
 torjMr. Winthiop.as very a timeserver, trim
 mer, and politician, as ever bowed the knee in
 wretched submission to the Southern Moloch.
 After a lime, both these,candidates withdrew.
 Mr. Cobb missing a few Northern votes, on
 the supposition, that he wa9 just a trifle too
 much the servant ol the South. A few South
 ern Members bolting Mr. Winthrop, because
 they thought him a little too Northern. The
 Free Soilers in the mean time for the most
 part standing firmly on the ground of the
 Wilmot Proviso, and refusing to give their
 votes for any man who was not prepared to
 use his influence against the farther extension
 of slavery. All that followed our readers
 will find under our summary of Congressional
 proceedings. Both parlies seem now to be
 at their wits’ end. They find that unless they
 coalesce, without the help of the third patty,
 they cannot sir a loot. They remind us ol
 two well-matched gladiators, both keen,
 cool and resolute, eaoh looking in the eye o;
 the other, and fearful to strike a blow, lest u
 so doing he should make a false step, an&lt;
 thereby give his antagonist a Blight bu
 latal advantage. How long this state o
 things may last, it is impossible to predict
 We do not sec any particular reason why i
 should not last for several weeks, or perhapi
 months. No matter. Congress is as profita
 bly and properly engaged now, as it will lx
 after it succeeds in organizing. The grea
 difficulty now is slavery. After the House
 has elected a Speaker, it will still be slavery
 In one shape or another, this haggard in
 iquity will rise up and demand a hearing.—
 The Southern members are now making i
 furious, and we would fain hope a final effor
 for the pieservation of that power which fo
 so many long years they have held, and b]
 which they have succeeded in crushing dowi
 the hopes and energies of millions. Th&lt;
 Northern membeis of both parties are for th&lt;
 most part sufficiently subservient. Many o
 them have time and again sold themselves t
 slavery, #nd would gladly, if &gt;i*sy dared, do
 now. But there is heard in all parts of thi
 north, a voice waxing louder and louder ii
 favor of Freedom. There is a strong feeliiq
 amongst their constituents against the contin
 ued dominance of slavery and it is at thei
 peril that they refuse to listen to that voice—
 that they despise that feeling. Anti-slaver
 and fanaticism are not now considered synon
 yrnous. Radical Abolitionism is still nearly
 if not quite as unpopular as less uncompro
 mising opinions not long since were yet i
 has become fashionable, rather than other
 wise, to profess anti-slavery sentiments.—
 The idea which some years ago burned in th&lt;
 bosom, and aroused the indignation and en
 ergies of the poor young printer in a Bostot
 garret, has taken deep root, spread itself fai
 and wide, and is now responded to by man]
 a free boin soul in all the Northern States o
 this Union. The Members of Congress
 both Whigs and Democratsknow this. Thej
 know that in a few years at the farthest, t
 day of reckoning will come round, and unlesi
 they now pay some regard to the will of theii
 constituents, they may be sent to ruminate ii
 merited oblivion, on lost opportunities for ad
 vancing the cause of suffering humanity, and
 disgraceful acts of purchased subserviency tc
 to the tyrannical destroyers of human happi
 ness, and impious obsTUctors of human pro
 gress.
 Meanwhile, it is amusing enough for a
 looker-on to note the vigor and energy with
 which the organs of both the old parties de
 nounce the Free Soil members, as the* imme
 diate cause of the difficulties m tbe House.—
 They are named disorganizes”—“enemies
 of their country”—“ men who huckster theit
 votes from one party to the other,” &amp;c.; and
 a.l this simply because they in some measfie
 act up to the principles w hich they, in com
 mon with both the other parties at tbe North,
 profess. Theory is a very nice thing—very
 pretty —so very convenient! its distant en
 chantment is delightful. Our Free Soil Tay
 lor Whigs, and “as-much-opposed-tc-slavery
 asanybody” Democrats,” no doubt think so.
 But practice!—vulgar practice how can
 gentlemen politicians stoop to socb s thing t
 Ob no All that tkey care about, is jost to
 throw a little polite dust in the eyes of their
 constituents, make them any number of pro
 mises, blarney them into the bdief that they
 aie men of muscle and back-bone get seat
 to the House, to vote aad speak there oo be
 half of truth and justice; but as often aa they
 dare, sell themselves and their country, betray
 the trust reposed in them, turn a deaf ear to
 the appeals of the bgpreseed bondman, pad—
 pocket eight dollars a-day. We hope that
 fir Northern people will ia lime learn to think
 for themselves, and cease to follow so impli
 citly as they have done, the dictates of their
 wire peUiog leaders, etthdk Whig or Demo
 crat What especially to the ladiaooe
 ne*ejrf|be Whig appeals, threats, aad de-
 Rio4pM» »the feet, that they eaanot knag
 up all their owe members. Means. Toombs,
 Stefksss, aad soma half doata Soath
 era Whigs, refine to vote for the petty odL
 date. Let those (pay sheep he hreught beck
 to the fcid, tad then, at lean with greater
 show of reason, Jfa Free Setter* may ha
 denounced as dn§aaisem; though not ia
 reality with aay more truth. Every ana who
has irmly maintaiaed hm tfmimm m offp»-
 ties to rabaf majority, hm a pa« time*
 always hoao dcsifaated at o dborganiaar.—
 loin wh a diaurganiaer; Washington,
 Franklin, A tea, wen dinorfaniaera. la the
 preamt daj, Garriaon m a diaseganiaer; and,
 aecordiag to the opto too of oor Whig and
 Pi mnuntir uth|piH, ike Free Soil mem
 ben of tke Houae of Representatives, because
 they will not yield np tbeir opiniooa and
 ibeir ,rotM to ibe (factum of a majority, are
 diaorgamaera For oor port. rejoice to
 aee them ataad ao firm an they do. We trust
 sincerely that they will 00l yield an inch, and
 that, through do faith or truckling on their
 part, will the House he permitted to elect as
 its chairman, either a Southern slaveholder
 or n Northern doughface. The South has
 been long enough under the impression that
 Northern members were, not leas than the
 negro, artidea of commerce. L*t it now be
 completely and finally undeceived —j. d.
Heetlac agaiast Colored Schools.
 In another column will be found a notice of
 a meeting held in the Court House last week,
 to take into consideration the illegal ejeetraent
 of colored children from the District Schools
 in this city. The House was well filled; and
 the unfortunate victims of coloTphobia and
 prejudice who were guilty of the cruelty and
 injustice of excluding children from the schools
 simply because they are colored, met with
 merited exposure and reproof. We were
 satisfied, before the meeting, that the majority
 of the citizens of Rochester disapproved of the
 proceedings of the Board in reference to col
 ored schools. The liberality of sentiment
 there displayed, fully confirmed our opinion.
 With the exception of Dr. Long, who, we
 apprehend, is the cause of all the mischief,
 not one raised his voice on behalf of the
 measure. The Doctor tried to have it believed
 that a regulation of the city required the
 tablishment of colored schools. We almost
 pitied the poor man, when another member of
 the Board read the regulation to which he re
 ferred, and showed plainly that it was only
 permissory, not imperative. To such mean
 tricks of tergiversation and falsehood will
 prejudice reduce otherwise respectable enough
 men.
 The Democrat, speaking of this meeting,
 says:
 If, as is alleged, the colored people have
 been taxed for the election of school-houses
 and the support of schools in the several
 districts, there would appear to be injustice
 in the matter somewhere. We do not believe
 that the prejudices against the colored people
 are such, or so general, as to prohibit theii
 children from attending the ordinary day
 schools. As a matter of right, wherever the
 franchise is allowed them, at least, there car
 be no doubt that they have the same privilege
 as others.”
 This is pretty well for the Democrat; bui
 we think it might have been a little more bold
 and explicit, without forfeiting either influence
 or esteem; for we do not expect any political
 paper—at all events not one belonging U
 either of the old parties, to utter a wore
 where these are at stake. If’—there is nt
 “if” about the matter. The Democrat knows
 well enough that colored men have beer
 taxed for the erection of District schools; anc
 if they had not, still the injustice of excluding
 colored children from the District School:
 would be abundantly manifest, while Uu
 children of white parents, who have nevei
 paid a cent of taxes either for schools or any
 thing else, are admitted freely and wiihoui
 question. As to the matter of the fraanchise
 that, too, is quite irrelevant to the case, inas
 much as the children of foreigners, the da)
 after they arrive in the city, can, and do claim
 admittance.
 We cannot at all agree with the Democrat
 that it is best to leave the subject in the hands
 of the Board of Education. They have al
 ready overstepped their powers. The law
 of the State is, that all persons over five
 years of age, and under twenty-one,” are
 entitled to the privileges of the District
 Schools. So far as we know, the word color
 is never mentioned in that law. The Board
 must not be permitted, though they are in
 authority, for the gratification of their unrea
 soning prejudices, to violate the law—espe
 cially when it is en the side of justice.
 Meantime, the colored schools are almost
 deserted. The new school on the East side
 of the river, which has been established at a
 cost to the city of five hundred dollars a-ycar,
 has some seven or eight colored children,who
 are ashamed of themselves for being there.—
 and about a dozen ragged white children, w ho
 go there, as their parents say, “because it is
 convenient.” We trust that before the next
 meeting of the Board, they will have discov
 ered the folly and irrationality of their pro
 cedure, and willing to retrace their steps.
 By the bye, where is the remonstrance? We
 have seen nothing of it.— i. d.
“The Mysterious Rapping—Public
 Meetings for Investigation.”
 By the kindness ot a friend, I have been
 furnished with the North of November!
 23d, and find an article in it over tbe initials
 “J. D.;” which although using my name
 prptty freely, the publisher had not the cour
 tesy or frankness to send me. (1) This may
 serve for an apology for the late appearance
 of this contradiction of some of tbe most bare
 faced misrepresentations contained in that ar
 ticle. In doing so I will endeavor to be brief,
 and convey as piamly ss possible my meaning,
 by coming dissetiy to the point. 1 would ac
 cuse “J. D.” of no intentional wrong, as a
 man is coaaidered innocent until be is proved
 guilty, although,#n this ease, the presumptioo
 will he atroogiy against him, in the minds of
 aU who were present n Corinthian Hall, aud
 have read his article. Ooe of the first errors,
 or fake tnmnuations, 1 will notice, is this.—
 “Mr. Caproo, of Auburn, late editor of the
 Auburn branch of the National Reformer, ap
 peared on the pfctfotm, accompanied by tbe
 two young woman, through whom the spir
 it,*’ or whatever else it may be, makes itself
 nwfim.”(S.) Iby no means object to the
 company here assigned to me, bet I do object
 tn any lake statement in regard to facts which
 ■»y he wmthy of the nuenikw of even the
 jnejedioed tffed of “I. D.,” at some future
 time if not the present. When “the two
 young women” “appeared” on the
 “Mr. Capeen” had not yet snivod, end they
 were oonnmpomed by six or eight ladies aed
 gentlemen of Rochester, who were well
 hpDjl them, and whom “I- D.” hod every
 oftpomnily know, were on the pktfbna,
 hot perhaps ftfdkf not me them.

wfat is churned to fa the opening npofantw
 wwM—ibc fawny of a •cfateo," I
 km only to any that the Jew* were at &lt;m
 tfae m ifly satisfifa with tfa “origin" «f
 what was realty “rltimod" to bo tfa “oftt*
 mg up of a new world—tfa fa®* 6l of 1
 new science,” as "J. D., f sod other* of hie
 peculiar calibre, are with this. Beaidea, oo
 such damn were set op io those lectures, for
 these “mysterious sounds/' The facts were
 stated, sod an io test igaths||faf led .for, sod
 others called upon to decide whatit was, and
 what it was not, if they were capable of doing I
 so. Again “J. D.” says that “Mr. Capron
 staled that the spirit, or wbat
 erer it was, foiled htm home to Aider*,
 and rapped to lum in his own house”(3.)—
 There never »u any such statement made by
 roe in Corinthian Hall, or any other place.
 It is an entire misrepresentation of my lan
 guage. If “fa spirit, or whatever tt was
 followed" roe home, that spirit, or “it/’ could
 not have been at Rochester at the same time.
 It is a language I nevet use. Neither .is it
 the language of any one pietending to any
 degree of knowledge or intelligence on this
 subject It sounds mote like the language of
 persons who, with all the stubbornness of
 mules, would not, or could not, from the na
 ture of their organizations, candidly and lairly
 investigate the matter, and who stand ready
 to abuse their best friends for hearing or see
 ing something they will not, or cannot. Pre
 vious to making the statement, you doubtless
 allude to, all in tbe hall had heard me state
 that these sounds were not only heard in
 Rochester, but in many other place."—not on
 ly in presence of “the two young women,'' 5
 but many other persons who have no knowl
 edge of these “young women.*’
 “J. D.” next attempts to play the critic
 and show an inconsistency in ray saying in
 one lecture the words You had better go
 there" and in the next, You had better do
 that" and evidently wishes to give it a color
 ing against the truthfulness of the lecturer.
 It would be a sufficient answer for him to say,
 “Physician heal thyselfbut foi the readeis
 of the Star, 1 will say that, brief as the sen
 tence is, I quoted from memory, and very
 possibly might have left out some word in
 both statements. I intended to state the sub
 stance, and if “J. D.” will show' the “dis
 crepancy” in that, I will give him farther
 “explanation” If he requires it.
 Again. “The sounds are supposed to be
 made by two young women.” Supposed by
 whom By the fifteen citizens of Rochester,
 who spent three days in the investigation 1
 By those who have embraced every opportuni
 ty for investigation for the last two years, or
 by those who have never given the matter a
 moment’s candid thought Are the sounds
 in the other families in Rochester, in the
 towns adjoining, in Hydesville, in Auburn, in
 Sennett, and in various other places, all at
 the same time, “supposed to be made by two
 young women”? If so they must be “sup
 posed” to be very nearly omnipresent.
 In regard to his failing to get conect an
 swers, I have only to say that 1 have known
 others equally unfortunate, and that none of
 his friends who know most of the matter, de
 ny this. But I know, and he knows (unless
 he is willing to brand some of his best friends
 as fools or liars,) that there have been ques
 tions of the most absolutely definite character
 answered correctly, and that has evinced an
 intelligence, not a “meaner, but a far higher
 intelligence than man’s” (4.) Persons wffiom
 “J. D.” would believe on any other subject
 but this—and who were, at one time, as skep
 tical as himself, are looked upon as telling
 that which is false, or at least treated in that
 way by many who know them to be incapable
 of falsehood. Passing over his attempt to
 ridicule, a weapon very cheap, and within the
 reachjof those who stand in very mirey pla
 ces. I wish to correct another error in his
 article. I am sorry to have the bench of that
 county, or any county, disgraced by calling
 Mister Josiah Bissel, the leader of the rowdies
 at Corinthian Hall, a Judge! He is evidently
 a judge of a few things which decent men
 generally are not, but the sense in which “J.
 D.” mentioned it, he has no claim to, nor
 never will, unless anarchy pievails, and iow
 dies and ruffians bear s« ay Mister Bissell
 is undoubtedly a good judge of torpedoes or hp
 would not have taken the responsibility of
 making a purchase and distributing to the
 audience at Corinthian Hall on the night allu
 ded to.
 In concluding, I will say, that I can con
 ceive of no one who is better prepared to judge
 of the spirit of an “old Bachelor” than “J.
 D.,” having, for some years occupied that
 “whimsical fidgetty” positiof! himself.
 E. W C.
 Remarks.
 _ The above letter, by Mr. Capron of Au
 burn, u, as will be seen, an attempt to explain
 I or rather contradict, the account given by us,
 of ius laetuies in this city, a few weeks since,
 on what is called the “Mysterious Manifesta
 tions. We fear, however, that the writer
 has sadly failed, in his present effort, to throw
 any light on this dark subject. We feel that
 he lias rather cceefied in “rnoje
 so” what was already sufficiently suspicious.
 Tho course which he has taken, in replying
 to os, affords evidence to our mind, that he is
 not himself quite satisfied with the evidences
 affi rded. He is clearly ill at ease in hia new
 beLif. When one is quite sure of his position,
 be 11 calm, composed, unmindful of seeming
 misrepresentation. Mr. Ciproo is petulant,
 iin iy, nmtifliind. like the little snarling ter
 rier, ready to pounce upon any and every pas
 set jer, without cause or provocation.
 1. We have one apology to offer Mr. Ca
 pron—that is, fur nut sending him the paper
 in which hia lectures were noticed. He will
 pk ise attribute our negligence to forgetful
 ness and not to any want of respect. About
 ibt first of our “barefaced representations,”
 we may aay that wo did not know w hot far or
 not tfa lecturer came into tfa Hall, io compa
 ny with those yoong women, sod do not im
 agine, moreover, that any candid reader of
 oar notice, would understand us to rey that
 be did. Beaidea, it does not appear, trier all,
 to be a very unpardonable offence, supposing
 we did say so. Mr. Capron, io our opinioo,
 whatever fa gHy himself think of it, did
 nothing wrong, if fa brought there all tfa
 way from tfaii ovrii bouse. We did see a'
 number of persons oo the platform So wo
 MWflMli number of chairs aad a desk; fat
 did oot think it worth while to enumerate
 thorn, more they were not known, j% suppos
 ed to take nny strive part the proceedings.
 t. Wa would recommend Mr. £apraa to
lock mm man at wr articles and be will see
 dm we sever soerasil him of setting op a
 «4»i— far a Wfb origin fat tbia thing, for the
 aery simple tenoon, that bn coaid not. We
 nay now, however* that whatever might he its
 origin, be left H to be infarred that he thought
 it was the opening op of a new world, or
 the discovery of a new science,” from h» ie
 ferences to tho unpopularity at first of Harvey,
 Jeulrir. and others. If he did not mean us
 10 understand him thus, what did he mean
 He rarely does not intend it to be understood
 that be took all the trouble of getting up a
 ecture on a subject which he. considered of
 no importance, merely from a desire for noto
 riety or some mercenary motive. We never
 supposed any such thing respecting him.
 and cannot do so now.
 3. Mr. Capron does make one explanation
 He nays, that “the spirit” did not fallow him
 to Anhum. Well, one uf the fraternity was
 there, and rapped to him in Auburn. We
 will not dispute with h,-a about that. We
 certainly understood, however, that he meant
 the Rochester branch of the fiim had commu
 nicated with him and we are at a loss now
 to tell by what piocess of rcaaoomg he arrives
 at the conclusion that it was some other.—
 The various “spiritt" communicate their ideas
 in a language and tone so marvellously alike,
 that he must.have a very acute ear who can
 distinguish a difference between them. And
 the mere fact of their saying that they are
 tnis, that, or the other, is noihing to the pur
 pose, inasmuch as we have oftentimes proved
 them liars.
 4. As to this thing being a high intelli
 gence, whatever may have happened to oth
 ers, we have had no proofs of its intelligence.
 What a man would 9ay in ten minutes, and
 make perfectly clear to every understanding,
 takes this thing a day, and after all it leaves
 in a quite unsatisfactory state. Besides, what
 would he thought of the intelligence of the
 man who would say to you, when sitting in a
 room, in company with some dozen others—
 “l have something to say to you—come into
 a back rsom, or into the passage, and l will
 talk with you there,” and after he has got you
 there, says nothing, except perhaps to send
 you back from where you came, or tO sit
 down by a table, with a further promise of
 some important communication, which prom
 ise is as much fulfilled as the other* Every
 reasonable person would of course, conclude
 at once that he was either an idiot, or was
 playing a trick. Yet this, as Mr. C., and all
 the other friends of the “rapping,” well
 known, is its constant inode of procedure.—
 Or suppose the case of a man, who knew that
 a dead body was in the canal, and was to be
 found at a certain place; suppose further,
 that this man, in consequence of some physi
 cal incapacity was himself unable, and that he
 communicated his information to two women
 and told them to go into the canal and get the
 body out Would not most persons come to
 the conclusion that such man was either very
 silly or very tipsy l Yet this is exactly what
 the “spirit” did, not a very great while
 ago and one of the persons favored with the
 commission came nigh being drowned —in-
 deed, as she heiself says, would have been
 drowned, had not her husband accompanied
 her, and taken the precaution to tie a rope
 round her, to prevent such a catastrophe.—
 Or what would be thought of a man who,
 continually putting forward high pretensions
 to knowledge on one or another scientific or
 abstruse subject, yet when you come to con
 verse with him, and put his knowledge to the
 proof, fails to give any evidence calculated
 to convince even the most credulous that he
 has such knowledge We should call him
 a very silly braggart, fit for the latitude of
 South Carolina, and no where else. Yet
 this is exactly the “spirit’s” plan.
 Such illustrations might be multiplied in
 definitely but one or two will answer our
 purpose as well as a host. They prove to
 our mind, beyond a shadow of doubt, that
 this thing, whatever it is, knows very little,
 and pretends to know a great deal more than
 it does. The fact of other persons being more
 fortunate than we have been, is no evidence
 to us. This is one of those sort of things
 which we cannot, without throwing our rea
 son to the winds, take vpon hearsay evidence;
 and we need not, in consequence of our unbe
 lief, be accused of supposing any one to lie
 either a “fool or a Inr.” All that we say is,
 that we suspect, as we have seen in cases of
 answers thought to be remarkable, given to
 our presence, that some persons are quite too
 tender with the “spirit,” and do not take
 proper precautions to guard their countenan
 ces and their questions, so that not even a
 Yankee could guess at the answer.
 We do not think it worth while to follow
 Mr. Capron farther; and do not fear that any
 candid reader of our notice, who was present
 at those meetings, will accuse us of unfair
 ness. We had no intention to misrepresent
 Mr. Capron. Ali that we desire is u&gt; get at
 the truth, to expose imposture, if there be
 any, either in this or any other affair that
 comes under our notice; and we think, that
 in doing so we have a right to point out any
 discrepancy or difficulty that presents itself,
 without subjecting ourselves to the supposi
 tion, that we intentionally either misstate, mis
 represent, or falsely insinuate. It our read
 ers sre not much the wiser or the better for
 the perusal of the above letter, they w ill not
 be much the worse. In the meantime, with
 our knowledge of the matter, we caa neither
 deny nor corroborate, and should be well
 pleased if any one would give us a satisfactory
 answer to the question —What is it*— t. o.
Hoeiisc tbs Gold Baos.—Remittances iu
 goid du»l from California generally come to
 New York in email begs, winch are enclosed
 in wooden boxes stripped with iron. In two
 instances, packages that came by the Empire
 City hare been bored under the uoo strap*,
 and the dost the* abstracted- One box, con
 taining shoot 625,000, was short 10,000.
 Another box, belonging to a boose to Haiti*
 »ore. lost $1,400 —The robbery is believed
 to base been efleeted before the package*
 roach the Empire City.
An Aoko Neoao— Died in Drekm coun
 -1 poor hooar, July 60, Samuel Bar
 ber, a negro, aged lib years
Faac Nanaoaa Admitted —The proposed
 danae of the Coastituuao fbrtaddutg freyu
 groes frsco neaufrating into California. was
 k— By mjtettd In the Csnseotm%&gt;y a tom of
 31 to ft
 4k ''ft.
THIRTY-FIRST lOMvRFsv
 FIRST SRSSIOM.
 IN SENATE
 WED*rsr»AY, /Arr |2, I*lo
 Mr Nuxs, (4 I&lt;oui&lt;i.in], ipficirid in hi-
 Mt.
 T he Journal of yesterday having been read,
 Mr. Foote asked leave lo withdraw from
 the files of the Senate the paper* of Joseph
 Kadcliff w hich wax granted
 Mr. Cooper asked leave to *mWu» f lun
 ihe files of the Senate the papers of ).,hn II
 Rogers
 After rumc discussion th&lt; Chair put the
 question lo the Senate, and it was decided
 mat leave be granted.
 After an interval of an hoot, and the r
 tog no business before the Senate—
 (.hi motion, the Senate adjourned
 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATI\ I s
 After the Journal, of the diy he tore,
 read, an interesting J»seu*sion came up, anu
 some unexpected disclosure- were rn,&lt;t.
 of whieh we will endeavor io givr the
 stance, our limits preventing o? frem givr
 the proceedings entire
 Mr Jobb, of Alabama, ros- am) ..o-l ,f,3r
 he noticed in this mormii-j\ Union, a si.it.
 ment in relation to the voles tor Speaker
 which he had given during their effort* to or
 ganize the House, whtrh was calculated to do
 him injustice—whether intentM-nallv or not.
 was not tor him to determine
 The Clerk read the articl.- fruni the I moo
 as follows
 “it depends upon Mi ssrs t.'nbb. ot \i h
 ma, Holmes, of South Carol ra, (wi.« l
 for Mr. Brown on Monday, hut dcseitcd hirr,
 yesterday,) and four ot the Free Soil Dent
 ocrats, to decide whethet the House ot Rep
 resentatives shall have a Deiaoemtic ?Sp,&gt;akt- t
 or not, to-day. Mr. Brown lx admirably- .pial
 lfied to discharge the duties of the 'hair
 Ml. Corb then continued. It was, be be
 lieved, the first time in his file that he had
 been accused of being 3 traitor The appel
 lation might apply to others, but it was ye*
 tube fixed upon the humble individual wlm
 now addressed the House, He had declared
 privately, as he now declared publicly, that
 he never would be found to stand in the wav
 of an organization of the House (Cries &lt;&gt;t
 “Good,” from the Democratic side.) Let
 them bring up a candidate, on either side,
 who would command a sullietent number ot
 votes to be elected, and be should reserve to
 himself the course he would then pursue, a
 he reserved to himself his own course open
 all other occasions.
 Mr. Wilmul said he desired to express hi
 grateful acknowledgments lo those friend;
 who had given him then suffrages fur the ot
 lice of Speaker of that House. In insure to
 his own teelings, lie felt called upon to sav,
 that he felt inure honored by tin- confidence
 implied by their support, inconsiderable as 11
 was in point of numbers, than lie should hue
 been by an election to that chair Both ot
 the prominent candidates have rutiied from
 the contest. In view ol this tael, he did not
 feel justified in standing longer as a candidate
 He trusted that Ins friends would approve ot
 the propriety of the course he was about to
 adopt. He hoped that his friends would
 cease to cast their votes tor him, and seek
 some abler man upon whom to bestow then
 suffrages, and who would stand some reason
 able chance of success.
 On motion of Mr. Kai’FMan, the lions*
 proceeded to vote for Speaker, nru am
 On calling the roll tor the fortieth time tin
 tellers reported *lll3l the whole number ot
 votes given was 226 necessary to a choice
 114; of Which Mr. VV .1 Brown,ot Indiana,
 received 112, Mr. Duer, ot New York, 26.
 the rest scattering amongst lb other names
 Mr S IANI.V, of North Carolina then pro
 posed the following resolution
 “Resolved, That the members ot the Demo
 cratic party be requested to appoint three
 members to confer with three members of the
 Whig parly, relative lo the choice of proper
 officers ot ttio tfonre or KcpiCMinuiivci.”
 He was tired of this long continued strug
 gle. He wanted to put a stop to this state &lt;&gt;t
 things, and to have some competent person to
 preside over the House ot Represent itives,
 who was acceptable to the Demonalic party.
 Their present candidate was not acceptable
 by a considerable number, as the last result
 showed. There was something wrong, some
 thing “rotten in Denmaik.” He looked up
 on his own side of the House without hluslijj
 tng ,he blushed when he looked at the other
 side. As to any talk of disorganization, the
 thing w as merely ridiculous—he spoke it w ith
 all due respect to the other side of the House.
 There was no danger of that This Govern
 ment was not coming to an end vet, no mat
 ter what gentlemen might say about Free
 Snilism, VN ilmnt Pmvisoism, and all such
 tomfoolery. There was no danger of that.
 The Union could not tie dissolved while Hen
 ry ('lay and Thomas 11. Benton w-eie hi the
 Senate, or while old Rough and Heady wa
 it the other end of the avenue.
 Mr. Bayi.y.—The gentleman fiom North
 Carolina has referred to the condition in which
 we find ourselves unable lo organize and trans
 act the business of the nation. He *3vs that
 the condition of thing -existing 10 tins llon-r
 (which is hut a type ol (hocondition of thing
 in the country) gives him no alarm
 And who (asked Mr. B.) is responsthb l&lt;
 tiro division and distraction ot parties wti- t.
 exist in Ur's Kiiiiu |&gt;et one ot the t*-; 1
 parties run 1 eaii'Udate tor the Presidency
 cupying a ihmhilul portion hi reference to it
 let him allow bun-ell to he supported in cacti
 section upon the ground that hr* views har
 monized with theirs, allow himself, for in
 stance, to be supported at the North upon the
 ground that he was iti favor ol anti-slavery re
 strictions by (’ungress, and at th«- South .33
 the only hope to shield it fiom them a How
 himself 10 be elected by the v«»tes.of elector;
 with diverso opinions of his view? and diverse
 expectations of his action —let him thus I*
 elected let him keep up this Stale of oncer
 tainty as to his opinions, and a t ongiess elect
 ed in this slate of uncertainty let all thn*
 happen, and tell rue, sir. it any man could
 anticipate a different posture of affair* thru
 the precise one in which we find ourselves
 But it was not to reply to this portion ol ihr
 gentleman’s remarks that I claimed your at
 tention. The gentleman from North Caroli
 na has said that he can look to hi* side ol tb-
 House without shame hut that when be h *.k
 ed to thta, he bkshed that then: wa- wit.
 thing “rotten in Denmark.” The gentlem
 has thus, in his place, by (hi? insinuation
 given form and importance to an imputation
 which this morning lias l*'en in w Inqs-r* eu
 cutated through this Hall. lie insiuwai**
 thatpometbing improper has taken place U
 tween the Democratic pttty and the Fre*
 Boilers. It is hardly necessary for me to -i&gt;
 that the rumor has no foundation in truth
 Mr. Ashmin —Has not a corr»*spondct&gt;e
 taken plar»* between the member from India
 na (Mr. Brown) and some member ol t!w Free
 Soil party, in wtneh ho has pledged luiroo it to
 constitute ihe committees in a manner satis
 factory to 1 hem
 Mr. Baylv.—-1 know yt no such com*
 pondeoce. the gentleman authorized tv
 say that there has been such an one’ It *0
 what is his authority [Turning to Mr
 Urown) lias any such correspondence taken
 place*
 Mr Brown shook his head.
 Mr. Bayly continued lam authorized 10
 W) that no such correspondence has taken
 The gentlemen referred to have tin
 own Views fc&gt; carry out, and they roost proba
 bly will take their own coutw m dorog n
 And thsl a portion, ami a portion uidv.ot
 'hem have toted with ns— which they hare
 aM along shown such an unwdbngt»e*» w» do,
 and when they do 11 now under what ap|*-it
 necessity —Certain!) does not contain'*"''
 u* wc out candidate for th&lt; Speakership
 We must be judged of by the character the
 great body nf onr party, and not ol those who
 asn aeoidentaJN thrown wuh us 9*
 Mx called upon w
"
