"ntake remarks to thta House on account of
 remarks which had been n* anybody
 else He intended to spe»* ,r J resolution
 the gentleman from N* Carolina. That
 r oluiion contemplsied big party and
 ,b#&gt; 1 democratic p»oy—-thoee who were in
 tali comm union ettlier of those parties,
 V.-I nolxv.iv as haring some right* here.
 Sow he h* f helliiaied he should enjoy,
 the sanv right* on floor as any other rep
 veenwave ol a (tec jieople enjoyed. He
 claim them, and he -*boutd be an ugly
 -tomcr i.l they were denied. He did not
 a nd to «|*e*V for eithei of these parties.—
 ff. represented neither of these. Hesuppne
 he would lie deemed a representative of
 wh»* the gentleman from North Carolina,
 V- Sunlv), in most cspectful language,
 id seen fit to character re as VVilroot Provi
 -‘'ism, and u iomM«rr of ihat kind/’ but let
 hihi tell that gentleman, that nine out of ten
 of those representing the Whig party from
 .he North would not, and the others dare not,
 -'hen brought before their constituents, say
 it the Wilmot prptrtso was a humbug and
 tomfoolery,
 Mr. Koot yielding for explanation
 Mr Rxvlv. —l think it due to myself and
 llon-»c to say that, since I was last up, I
 oe had a conversation with the gentleman
 n Indiana, |Mr Brown j 1 was mistaken
 win Mint no correspondence had taken
 between turn and the Free iSotlers. A
 iri’-pondcnce has taken place; but in it he
 as- me that he had refused to pledge htm
 and had snd no moie than that, in form
 trej 1 1 1- committee*, he would place the rnetn
 &gt;,-ut that paiiy m such posilions as their
 -t i hug in the House and the country would
 eew t&gt;&gt; him to make proper But thecorres
 o- den-e will In produced, and it will apeak
 lit itself.
 Mr Ifooi resuming, said he would like to
 kuow it these two ureal parties were brought
 into such a terrible predicament that they
 .v..ihJ not ogams** tl*«* House w ithout cutting
 t seme of those who happened to differ with
 them and depriving them of their rights l It
 uf- as great an outrage upon him, (Mr. R.)
 t they deprived him alone of the right to
 peak. \ote. and act upon this question, as it
 would be to cut of forty or eighty, or one
 hundred au l twelve from the same right.—
 Hi. V had no right to do it; and it they want
 d to preserve their character they would not
 i prive the humblest member on the floor of
 tie ftco exercise of his rights. If this resolu
 tion took clicet, the Fiec Sutlers were done as
 i.u ns an\ .ufluence in the organization of the
 House was concerned. He did not feel that
 die remarks w hich had been made in relation
 to “-mnething being loiten in Denmark,” af
 fected luiri at all. They would ail be wiser
 tii reaftei The peculiar state of things in
 dll- body at this particular time, may, per
 haps, lie somewhat illustrated by an anecdote
 which 1 have heard ol one of my countrymen,
 member the Universal Yankee nation.—
 lie was traveling on a steamboat on the Ohio
 river, and having made the acquaintance of a
 fellow passenger from the lower country, they
 jot up a friendly game of “poker,” by way
 ol killing tune. After playing for awhile, the
 Mississippi™, in a tone of vexation, exclaim
 ed, “1 should really like to know what has
 U. *ome of all the aces. 1 haven’t seen one
 lor half an hour.” To which the Yankee re
 plied, Now would you, ralyi Wal, one on
 ’em s in your cut sleeve, and ’totlier three
 ire in my t&gt;ute.'' 1 don't know that any gen
 ik'iu.in here has anything in his coat sleeve,
 hut I do know several gentlemen who wear
 boot w ltii very long legs to them. IfgentJe-
 Tiien should remember this anecdote a w'eek,
 ill miv then be able to understand its true
 application.
 Mr Brown, of Indiana, said that he (Mr
 n.) hail come on in Washington city, never
 tor a moment dreaming of being a candidate
 for ilie Speakership of this House. He had
 r.n experience in such matters had never
 made them his study When the suggestion
 had been made lo him, that lie, occupying
 middle ground, and coming from 3 free State,
 would, in all probability, be able to concen
 tr-ito as great a number of votes as any other
 individual on the Democratic side of the
 ijjj huil recwivuii she with
 perfect astonisbrnwr
 In tliis state of the case, he first received a
 tetter from the gentleman from Alabama,
 iMr Hubbard.J That gentleman propounded
 ~n-,,.1 questions He (Mr B.) did not an
 -wer that lettei, but took to him Hie record
 wine'll showed Ins votes, and speech he had
 IU-hveied, "iving his views 111 relation to the
 -lavi t y question, on the annexation of Texas.
 H-’ was not then, and did not desire to be
 considered, in the attitude of a candidate for
 Ihr office ot Speaker. A tier lie had received
 till v three votes lor that office, he had been
 ji\e?&gt; 10 understand that these gentlemen
 with one ot whom, the gentleman trom i enn
 sylvama Mr. Will not,j lie had been long ac
 quainted. and ihe gentleman from New York,
 iMr King,] with whom he had served in a
 lormet Congress, and w ho, he believed, had
 generally voted with him, for they were on
 ihe Democratic side of the House —desired a
 oiili ience with him That conference took
 place and, in the course of H, he found th’at
 the objection which they had against voting
 fm him as Speaker —the great objection
 which had impressed itself on their minds
 was, iliat lie was selected as the favorite of
 the South—that the gentleman from North
 Carolina in his eye, ]Mr. Venable,] had said
 ihat lie was pledged not to vote for any Wil
 mot Proviso mail lor Speaker, and that lie
 would turn round and vote lor him. In reply
 10 the expression of these fears, he had stated
 t 0 these gentlemen that fie had not made any
 /ledges to any individual as to the committee
 Jipou winch he should be placed. He had
 Mated to these gentlemen that he would so
 ■onsiitutc these committees as that all sections
 of the Union should he represented. This
 much he had stated, and by that position he
 would abide now. They had asked a fair
 representation of all interests and all opinions
 ■—nothing mote If lie had desired to put in
 -10 the hands &lt;d those gentlemen that with
 which they might go forth aud break the
 heads of those who differed from them—rf lie
 had desired to f urnish opportunity and cause
 of complaint against the South, his policy
 would be, to constitute these committees ot
 Southern men, and to take these eight (Free
 Soil) gentlemen and put them away on the
 corner!* ut some unimportant committees.
 Wrth the permission of the House, he would
 now read the letter.
 Mr Brown, having yielded the floor
 Mr Wilmot said that he had a conversa
 tion with the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
 Blown] of which, with the permission of gen
 lemen. he would state the substance. He
 (Mr W expressed to that gentleman the
 convir.rnin which he honestly entertained, that
 the put.ti, voice, in respect to the great ques
 tion which now agitated this country, would
 be stifled in the committees of this House.—
 All dial lie, and those who were associated
 with him, asked, or desired, was a fair oppor
 tunity to give expulsion to the great public
 sentiment of the people u f the country. They
 wanted, am) they ask»-u nothing more. All
 that he and Ins friends had desired ar the
 hands ot the gentleman t-,&gt;m Indiana (Mr.
 Brown] was, that, if he should be elected
 Speaker ofthi- Houh be w&lt; rJ
 the committees as that they and the constitu
 ents whom they represented, might be heard
 in thin hall N« stipulation had K( n entered
 into, or sought U&gt; be entered into, 4a 0 the
 ~articular men who should be placed n these
 committees. This was the purport „f Uie
 conversation. He addressed a note u. the
 gentleman trom Indiana, asking him, substan
 tially, whether, if he was elected -Shaker o(
 ih House, he would so organize the con.inn.
 tees, as Im* satislacrory to himsell and
 friends 1 He (Mr W.,J and Ins friends desi
 r-d to he satisfied that the constitution m the
 committees should tie such as not to stitb the
 intents, as they believed, ot two-thirds of
 freemen of Hus country
 Mr &gt;S ttvif ns of Pa —r.'rom the verlnl m-
 N Mourse which had taken place between him
 mid the gentleman from Indiana, baa he (Mr.
 WihuutJ any reason to beleve that the pom-
mittees would be composed of a majority of
 members who were in faror of free soil l
 Mr. Wilmot.—From tke rettal conrrtM
 tiona which I held with the gentleman from
 Indiana, I had reason to believe that a major
 ity of these committees would be composed of
 hut northern men.
 [Great laughter over the hall, and applause
 in aotne parts
 Several voices —Where are the see#'
 Mr. Inoe.—l desrre to know what tb*
 ileman means by the expression, “fair north
 ern men?”
 Mr. Wilmot.—Men who should not be
 pm upon the committee* fiom political con
 ••derations or attachments to party, and espe
 cially to this Administration men who wmiW
 nw g*ce their aid to stifle the expression ol
 the sentiments of the people of the North
 that is what I mean.
 Mr. Inge.—-Then I do not understand that
 trou mean men commuted to the Wilmot Pro
 viso»
 Mr. Wilmot.— No; no fttrthet committed
 than so far as their action and known opioMms
 c&lt;Ml **dered as committing them.
 Mr. Stevens.—Has the gentleman no copy
 of the letter
 Mr. Wilmot said he had no copy.
 Mr. Brown returned ihe floor.
 Tlie Clerk made an effort to restore order
 in the Hall.
 Mr. Brown.—l will read the letter, and
 then make a biief explanation.
 Mr. B. read the letter, which is in the fol
 lowing words
 Washington City, 10 December, 1849.
 Dear Sir: la answer to youts ol this date,
 1 will slate that, should 1 be elected Speaker
 of the House of Representatives, I will con
 stitute the Committees on the District of Co
 lumbia, on Territories, and on the Judiciary,
 in such manner aa shall be satisfactory to
 yourself and your frienda. lam a represen
 tative from a free Slate, and have alwayaboon
 opposed to the extension of slavery- and Ire
 lieve that the Federal Government should be
 relieved from the responsibility of slavery,
 where they have the constituiional power to
 abolish it.
 1 am yours truly,
 W J BROWN
 Hon. David Wilmot.*
 [During Mr. Brown’s remarks, and during
 almost the entire day, great confusion andex
 citement prevailed through the House
 Mr. Burt resumed. He was one of the
 representatives fiom the Southern States who
 had given his vote with some mistrust to the
 gentleman who had just taken his seat. He
 begged his honorable friend from Virginia—
 from the Accomac district—who had more
 minute information on the subject than he
 (Mr. B.) possessed, to the up now and state
 w hat communications had been made to him
 He referred to Mr. Bayly.
 Mr. Bayly.—l take pleasure in responding
 to the inquiries of my friend from South Car
 olina, [Mr. Burt.] It was known that! had
 served in the twenty-eighth Congress with the
 member from Indiana, [Mr. Brown;] and
 when he began to be spoken of as Speaker,
 frequent inquiries were made of me as to his
 opinions and votes on the slavery question.—
 Among others, such inquiries were made of.
 me by my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Wel
 born.J I told him that noone could have ta
 ken a more unexceptionable course. When
 a gentleman from Massachusetts the late
 Speaker of this House, Mr. Winthrof] had
 in 1845, moved an amendment to the Oregon
 bill containing the principles of the Wilmot
 proviso, the member from Indiana |Mr.
 Brown] voted against it, and that, upon all
 Jther occasions, as far as I knew, he had vo
 ;ed with the southern democracy upon all
 )ther questions touching the subject of sla
 very. 1 assured him that no one could pre
 lent a fairer record. Had I known of the ex
 stence and character of the correspondence
 which has just been read, and of theintei
 riews preceding it, no earthly considerations
 would have induced me to vote as I did.
 Mr. Ven.»ble said, I feel it due to uiyself
 hat I shouldjbe relieved fiom occupying,appa
 rently, a false position. A day or two ago,
 i declared that in no event could l vote for a
 S’ ran Snilor or in 4 hoUlinniti -xfu*
 foted repeatedly for the gentleman from Tndi
 ina, [Mr. Brown:] Had I known the tran
 saction or opinions disclosed this morning, 1
 ;ould not have voted for him.
 Mr. Robinson of Indiana, made some re
 marks explaining and extenuating the course
 adopted by his colleague, (Mr. Brown.)
 Mr. Hubbard said, that after ,his arri
 val here, he had addressed the gentleman
 from Indiana a letter requesting that he
 would call upon him. The gentleman came,
 and showed him the record of his past course.
 With that he (Mr H.) was satisfied. The
 gentleman said something in reference to
 what would be his course in appointing com
 mittees. He (Mr. II.) had told him lie
 wanted to hear nothing about that.
 Mi. Stanton, of Tennessee. Nit man
 can regret more than 1 do, the necessity
 for this discussion. But I do not regret,
 since the facts existed, that they have been
 brougi.t to light. I feel it incumbent upon
 me, sir, to say one word in explanation, i
 am miforunately among those who voted for
 the gentleman from Indiana —even “to the
 hitter end.” I feel, sir, that the odium of this
 transaction, however unjustly, will in some
 measure tall upon mysell, in common with
 the whole South. I desire to throw off this
 odium and I deem it a complete justification
 to say, that 1 could never have supported the
 gentleman, if 1 had entertained the least sus
 picion of such a transaction as that which
 has lieen disclosed.
 After some further remarks by various
 speakers, en motion ot Mr. Dunham of Ind.
 ihe House adjourned.
 Thursday, Dtc. 13, 1849-
 Mi- Brown, of Mississippi, rose and said,
 that he would ask leave of the House to offer
 the resolution which he would send to the
 Clerk's desk.
 The resolution was lead as follows
 Resolved, That Howell Cobb, of Georgia,
 is hereby chosen Speaker of the House of
 the thirty-first Congress.
 Mr. Butler suggested that the proposition
 of the gentlemen from Mississippi be received
 in blank, and that the House proceed, not
 knowing exactly where their votes would fall
 this morning, to fill the blank; that the name
 receiving the highest number of votes should
 be, inserted, and the vote of the House then
 be taken upon the resolution. If it did not
 carry in that form, that the name receiving
 the next highest number of votes should be
 inserted, and the vote again taken upon the
 resolution thus filled.
 Mr. Thompson, of Penn, We have been
 nine or ten days endeavoring to organize this
 House by the election of a presiding officer.
 A gentlemen from Ohio, a lew days since,
 proposed to ballot for Speaker. 1 voted a
 gainst the resolution, because I believed we
 could still elect by the course adopted and in
 practice for the last ten years. This expec
 tation has failed. Some other expedient
 must be adopted. This is the only one, the
 one w hich 1 am about lo propose, viz to vote
 by ballot that seems to vary the monotony
 of the past, and present the prospect of an or
 ganization in the future. us try it—if not
 successlul, try something else 1 offer the
 the following resolution
 Resolved, That the men diets present will pro
 •Th* Washington Dailj lilube ptihli«he* Mi.
 Wilmot'* follow*:
 Dec mb« k 10, I&amp;4H.
 Dear Si* lo the iwimwiwn which 1 had
 with )ou ibis ev**i»«. fr"
 elated Speaker of the House of Rcprearuianv**,
 &gt;on wouMtonatilutr .hr Cunmi.tlq* o*ilemione..
 the Judiciary, and die Distort of Colnmbia, ut a
 awoner that wboaiA be satirfartory to mymW and the
 lim-u.l, vrith whom I h*v* ibe I woo* to act. I have
 /M*ua,„i r aU*d this to my tneod* and if, t« «ph
 to thi, .tow you CM them Ihr Mine a**uranre,
 tltey a .11 t ,Ve yon acfcaertaJ and cordial mpport.
 Respectfollf yonra,
 D. WILMOT.
 Hon. Wm. J. Brow*.

ceed to vote, by ballot, foe Speaker, and will,
 •ink r the resolution, eontinee to bellot until
 four o'clock this day, unless a Speaker be
 sooner elected; and -that no rsutroo to adjourn,
 or for any other purpose, aball be made until
 ilia boar above named shill hart arrived^
 Mr Carter, of Ohio, offered the following
 resolution;
 #feaa/tW,/rhat any oetsoo who may be e
 lected Speaker of this House shall be divert
 ed of the pswet to construct the district and
 Temtsria! Committees, and that tbe same
 shall be made by a vote of the House
 He (Mr. Carter) thought that the House
 was involving itself in a premature contro
 versy on thestibjqff of slavery, presenting it
 self before the country in the ridiculous atti
 tude of making a grave issue upon a mere
 ceremonial matter.
 Mr. Meadk said Neither of ike resolu
 tions before the House strikes at thu root of
 the evil which affects the House. We bare
 been acting for eight days a farce before the
 people, at a cost io them of $3,000 a day,
 which all will agree is l*econamg fo 3 s and
 less entertaining. I have anxiertCgtJnuAted
 for some ourtius from the N'ustkfo dpi*, re
 gardless ol personal consequci*mpjM?»»«of It,
 will leap into the gulf which yawits‘'lbT the
 peace and happiness of this Union. Sir, let
 a proposition be made and supported by those
 who are desirous of crushing this demon of
 discord, for the puipose of uniting the con
 servatism on U&gt;ih sides, in opposition to any
 measure which shall look to the abolition of
 slavery in the District, or a prohibition of it
 in the Territories. If such a proposition
 should be adopted, 1 should be willing to take
 a Speaker from either side of the House, re
 lying ipon him to carry out the views thus
 express**! by a majority ol this body.
 Hut, if the organization of this House is to
 be followed by the pissagpof laws which wilf
 enslave a large portion of this confederacy,
 if these outrages are to be committed upon
 my people, I trust in God, sir, that tny ey«s
 have rested upon the last Sj&gt;eakg:ol the
 House of Representatives.
 Mr. Hoot rernaiked upon the great diffi
 culty which he had in telling what was the
 precise question before ihe house, three pro
 positions, he said, having been made, viz:
 the first, to elect the Speaket by ballot, the
 seeond, to deprive the Speaker of powers
 usually exercised by him in reference to con
 stituting tbe committees; and the third, to
 moderate the spirit of anarchy which was
 abroad in the land. He would endeavor to
 notice these propositions tn their order. He
 was opposed to the proposition to vote by
 ballot liecause it would be likely to be con
 strned hy the people as a proposition to enable
 genllemnn by skulking under the ballot, to
 vote differently from the manner in which
 they would vole where a record was mnde.
 He was opposed to the proposition made by
 his colleague from the Stark District (Mr.
 Carter) to deprive the Speaker of the power
 of appointment of certain committees, and
 said it reminded him of the performance
 which he had heard had somewhere been ad
 vertised to be played—of Hamlet, with the
 part of Hamlet omitted [A laugh.] It
 would not answer for a good dodge. If
 it were intended to open a hole for tender
 footed Free Soil Democrats to escape by, it
 would not answer the purpose.
 He now came to the other matter —the
 dissolution of the Union, or that kind of
 moderation which was to prevent it. He
 trusted, with the calm, moderate counsels ol
 such gentlemen as the honorable gentleman
 from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,) we would get
 along without dissolution. [A laugh.]
 He noticed the computation made by Mr.
 Brown, of Mississippi, tor show that the
 Democratic party had the majority in the
 House, and expressed his doubts as to its
 correctness. He did not know the gentle
 man’s data but bis word for it, to make out
 a majority to enable them to elect a Speaker,
 that party would have to reckon some of the
 rankest kind of Free Soilcrs—not only Wil
 mot-proviso men, but the Wilmot Proviso
 himself, and referred, in a manner which
 elicited much merriment, to the attempt hy
 which they bad yesterday, by combining so
 mcoiirtmoua elements come ko umur cfeciina
 a. iwiwucf, WM OCICTIHW try
 a very few leaks, owing to a defective cooper
 age [A laugh.) They had almost come it
 —not quite. There was nothing, however,
 in that result, he thought, to discouiage
 them. They should keep on trying. He
 did not w ant to interfere in this difficulty at
 *ll. He knew belter. He was not so fond
 of a fig lit as to lead him into it He had
 seen enough of “the chivalry” to make hint
 a little cautious. He had heard the din,
 *een the dust, and smelt the smoke of the
 fight, and the way the “chivalry” had
 charged upon their quondam candidate—par
 ticularly towards the close of the battle—bad
 satisfied him (Mr. R.) that it would be as
 well never to get into any fuss with those
 gentlemen, it lie could help it. Well, now,
 if that man was not brought to a condition
 where he could lie trusted on the Slavery
 question, he would like to knowhow any man
 could be. [Laughter
 Mr. Duek The gentleman from Mississip
 pi [Mr. Brown] has introduced a proposition,
 declaring the genileman from Georgia [Mr.
 Curb] to he the Speaker of this House in
 other words, a proposition calling upon his
 (Mr. Di er's) side ol ihe House (the Whig
 side) to make an unconditional surrender. It
 api»eared to him that this was asking alto
 gether lo«t much for his own part, so anxi
 ous was he that an organization should be
 effected, that he was willing to organize in
 almost any way, hy electing to the Speaker’s
 chair eilher a Whig or a Democrat, or a
 Free-Soiler —any one, in short, except a dis
 umonist. He never would give his vote for
 any man whom he believed to be inimical to
 the Union.
 Mr lUyly (interposing) said' There are
 no disumonisls in this House.
 Mr. Disk. I wish 1 could think so, but 1
 fear there are.
 Mr Bayly Who are they Point them
 out.
 Mr. Dler 1 believe there are some from
 your own Slate; 1 think I see one of them
 now (jointing to Mr. Meade, of Va.)
 Mr. Meade It is fake.
 Mr. Dler. You %re a liar, sir.
 Quick as thought, Mr. Meade made a
 rush towards Mr. Dler, but was immediate
 ly surrounded by his friends, as was also Mr.
 Dler, who remained standing in the |*)sition
 in w hich he had spoken. Indescnbable (con
 tusion followed —threats, violent gesticula
 tions, call* to order, and demands for adjourn
 ment were mingled together. The House
 was like a heaving billow. Tire Clerk called
 to order, but there were none to heed him
 Some time elapsed.
 The Sergeant-at-aims of the late House
 of Representatives, Nathan Saruent, Esq.,
 now took the mace ir. his hand, and descend
 ing along the ctowd of members, held it up
 on high.
 Cries i»t “Take away the mace it has no
 authority here.”
 Mr. Dler at length obtained a hearing.
 He would, he said, continue his remarks.
 And, in the first place, he would beg par
 don of ihe House for having uttered language
 winch he h»d fell himself called upon to utter,
 but of ihe impropriety of which he had not at
 the time beerrfiilly conscious. He was no*
 prepared at ibis time to rote for any proposi
 tion; bat he thought it probable that if the l
 House would consent to adjourn for a day or
 two, some understanding might be arrived at.
 Mr. Toombs said the difficulties in the w»f,
 ot the orjjamxationofihia House are apparent
 ami well understood here, and should be un
 derstood by the country. A great sectional
 question he* at the fo audition of all these
 trouble*. We hate just listened to strong
 appeals upon the neceßsity of organising the
 Ilouse confess 1 do m* foel that neeesw- j
 ty. From the best fights before me, 1 cannot
 twe that my constituents base anyth tog to
 hot«* from your legislation, hut everything to
 fear. We ate to have the
 door* of yo«r tieasotg throw* open, and
 fort* millions of commm taxes of the
 10 fg£
whole nation thrown into the top of mc half
 of it Wank for nonnof it; wo expect none
 •f it; th—nfuin gentlemen must pai&lt;fcu at
 wont of sympathy for their iwymato Sir,
 1 hare an muck attachment»« the Lame nt
 these States, under the Constitution of oet
 hit hem, as any freeman ought to have, j aan
 ready to concede aad sacrifice for it whatever
 a jest aad honorable nan ought to naenfice—
 I will do no more. But Ido net hesitate to
 avoir before this House and the ceunitv, and
 in rhe presence of the living that if bvj
 your legislation you seek to drive as from the
 territories of California and New Mexico,
 purchased by the common blood and treasure
 •f the whole people, and to aboh&amp;h slavery
 ia this Lhstriet, thereby attempting to fix a
 national degradation upon half the States of
 thta Confederacy, Jam for dumnton; and if
 toy physical courage be equal to the mainten
 ance of my convictions of right and duty, I
 will devote all 1 am and all f have on earth to
 its consummation. H e must arouse and ap
 peal to the nation. We mast tell them, bold
 ly aad frankly, that we prefer any calamities
 to submission to such degradation ami injury
 as they would entail upon us. that we hold that
 to be the consummation of all evil. 1 have
 stated my position* J have not argued them.
 I reserve that for afuture occasion. These ate
 the principles upon which I act here. Give me
 securities that the power of the uigantsation
 which you seek will nut be used to the injury
 of my constituents, then you can have my
 co-operation, but not ul| then. Gram them,
 and you prevent the recurrence of the dis
 graceful scenes of the last twenty-four hours,
 and restore tranquility to the country. JLrfuee
 them, and, as far as I am concerned, 'Tut dia
 coid reign forever,”
 [Several times during the delivery of these
 remarks, Mr. T. was interrupted by loud
 i bursts of applause.]
 Mr. Baker, of 111. I avow myself, in the
 first place, as decidedly in favor of what is
 called the Wilmot proviso. It embodies a
 principle approved by my judgement, and
 dear tojny beau; and yet, I may say that 1
 have not sought to make this a test in the
 selection of a Speaker, or the organization ol
 this House. 1 desire, in ihe next place, to
 remark as to the threats of disunion, listened
 to so painfully, and so intensely. Sir, I deny
 that the great body of the people from the
 North have w ished to raise j such a question,
 or to excite unreasonable agitation nor when
 the scenes and speeches of this day shall he
 spread before them, will they believe our
 brethren of the South to be in earnest. Gen
 tlemen, when you threaten a dissolution of
 the Union, we shall doubt. When you pro
 test, we shall disclaim but no fervid declara
 tions, no fiery appeals to southern feeling, no
 solemn invocations to the Almighty, (asif in
 deed he was a God of Discord,) will make
 us believe that here, in this Hall, there is
 one man who chambers in his secret heart a
 purpose so accursed and so 4 deadly. Sir, we
 do not believe the Union can ever be dissolved.
 No evidence shall convince us, until the deed
 is done; yet if such a thing be possible, it
 •hall not be our fault. We shall not be inti
 midated by threats of violence. We shall
 not shrink from the calm expression of our
 deliberate judgment. We are here as free
 men, to speak for freemen; and we will
 speak and act as becomes us, in the face of
 the world and of posteiity.
 Mi. Stephens rose and said, that he never
 expected to live to see the day when, upon
 I this floor, he should be called upon to discuss
 the question of the Union of these States. If
 in early life (continued Mr. S.) there was
 anything in my heart cherished above all
 others, it was the glorious conpact formed by
 our fathers of the revolutionary struggle.
 Sir, as has just been said, I believe that so
 long as American hearts beat in American
 bosoms, tiie day will never come when the
 Union of these States shall be dissolved. But
 1 tell that gentleman, [Mi. Baker,] and I tell
 this House—whether he believes it or not,
 and whether the people of the North believe
 it or not—that the day in w hich aggression
 is consummated upon any section of the coun
 try, much and deeply as I regret it, this Union
 is dissolved.
 Il gentlemen suppose that by singing paeans
 Iff T***® C'xrrtrT* it ia *uf fccrjjr .1. Wxia r trU*.
 nod themselVes mistaken. The Union was
 founded upon justice—immutable justice—
 and right. It was not to render the weak
 subject to the aggressions of the strong, it
 is ag well that tins debate should have come
 to-day as at any tune, so that the great
 American heart may he awakened. I believe
 that it has been slumbering. 1 would rather
 that the southern country should perish—that
 all her statesmen and all her gallant spirits
 should be buried in honorable graves, than
 submit for one instant to degradaiinn.
 Mr. Cleveland, of Connecticut. 1 am
 not a little astonished at the exhibition of pas
 sion I hate witnessed on this occasion, by
 gentlemen of the South. Charges are made
 of aggression upon the rights of the South.
 When and where have these rights of the
 South ever been trespassed upon by the North l
 What does the South ask of the North 1
 That we shall forget that we are freemen—
 the representattves of freemen 1 That we
 should yield our opinions, our principles to
 their dictation 1 This cannot be. Republican
 government rests upon the will of the people,
 expressed by majorities. Our differences
 must he decided upon this principle.
 After some further discussion, the House
 proceeded to vote viva voce for speaker. The
 roll was called, when the tellers reported that
 the whole of voles given was 224
 necessary to a choice 113, of which Mr.
 Wintlirop received 59, Mr Cobb 40; the
 rest scattering amongst 2b names The
 House then adjourned.
 Fnday and Saturday passed over m a some
 what similar manner. Various resolutions
 were offered, and after a desultory conversa
 tion upon them, laid aside. Mr. Ashmun,
 of Mass., proposed a resolution, that the
 person receiving the largest number of rotes,
 if over one-third of the whole,should be elect
 ied Speaker. Some other Member proposed
 Linn Boyd, of Kentucky, the oldest member
 in the House, as Speaker pro tem Several
 other resolutions, looking to some arrange
 ment for organizing, were proposed, and soon
 after laid aside or forgotten. Several ballots
 were taken on each day, when Mr. Boyd, Mr.
 Stanly, and Mr. Winthrop, received the larg
 est number of votes; but neither of them near
 ily enough for a choice.
 (hi Monday the balloting was again resum
 ed, w ith a very similar result. Mr. Wtothroji
 received 77 votes, Mr. Boyd 87. Mr.
 Thompson proposed a resolution that a Com
 mittee of 14 should be appointed to report the
 best plan for the speedy organization of the
 1 House. It I** l 00 ,he uWe
 On Tuesday, in the Senate, Mr Mangum
 moved that the Senate proceed to the election
 of Standing Committees. The motion was
 agreed to, the balloting fMeded, and the
 Chairmen of various were ap-
 ToLt llooae. ,1* Speak,,
 MMd. 0, the fifty-fifth balk*. Mi. Wt.
 tbfop received 97 rotes, MClernaud 23, Jo
 liin 4, Boyd 47, Suoeg l», Disney 4. remain
 der scattering-
 Cows Woaaw as Ox**.—A correspon
 torn o( the Soother. Ctthmlo. «J._
 have worked cow* in harness, net under tm
 soke without detriment in any respect—«
 the contrary ib«r calves wers superior to thr
 re«t of the stock—due of course to the exit;
 feed and attention the cows received,
 should like to see tMn practice
 nwff of the poorer efoaa have no other *ntme
 powMjfta aid them m jtheu tmmng

 jUI /HF
Foreaga Km mt the Week
 The Hibernia ku armed, bet teduf
 more this a tetegitephic sum maty of her
 news ha* yet reached thmany.
 Exolavd From England there is nothing
 of mporiMe Cotton a dull. Sales of the
 week, 19,000 hales American flau setts at
 43s to 24 s
 France. The attentioo of the Panswas
 has been amply occspwd daring the week
 with the details, closes and cross qeeaens, of
 some half-a dosen duels between members of
 the Legislative Assembly. M Pierre Beooa
 parte was ooe of (be principals in three or
 km of these encounters. Now of them
 terminated fatally. Government threatens to
 pnt jn force very stringent measures to pqp
 vent their recurrence The plan to modify
 the Cofisittetioo, is the engrossing subject of
 discussion in the Assembly. It is now pro
 posed to change the Legislative Assembly to
 constituent body, by the addition of 150
 members, and this new body to be invested
 with the power of electing the President, or
 eitending the term of his office, to such a
 period as many avoid the neeeasity of a fre
 quent appeal to universal suffrage.
 The German Empirb. A telegraphic
 dispatch received from Berlin via Cologne
 announces that tho Austrian Cabinet had
 made a formal protest against the convocation
 of a German Parliament at Erfurt; and that
 in the despatch the Austrian Government
 alluded to the probability of armed inter
 ference by Austria in the affairs of Germa
 ny. The Cologne Gazette announces in a
 telegraphic despatch ft om Berlin, that the
 King has signed the law for the election of
 Representatives to this Parliament. In a
 despatch, replying to the insinuation of
 Prince Schwarlzenburgh, that “Austria will
 not hesitate lo have recourse lo an armed in
 tervention,” the Ministry maintain with en
 ergy the right of Prussia to carry out ths
 limited federation, and coolly say that Prussia
 awaits Austrian interference.
 Turkey and Russia, It is confidently
 stated that the British fleet has received or
 ders to withdraw from the Dardanelles
 Letters from Constantinople to the 10th,
 mention fresh subjects of dispute between
 Turkey and Russia in consequence of the
 energy with which the united diplomacy of
 England and France has followed up its vic
 tory on the refugee question.—lt is said that
 the Porte is also determined, at the expira
 tion of the stipulated term, to withdraw those
 concessions, in future, on Russian commerce,
 over othet nations which at present exist.
Notices.
The Rochester Annual Meeting.
 The Western N. Y. Anti-Slavery Society,
 will hold their annual meeting on the Bth and
 9lh of January in the city of Rochester,
 which our friends in the city and country are
 earnestly invited to attend. We feel that the
 injunction “neglect not the assembling of
 yourselves |together,” ought most faithful
 ly lobe adhered to, remembering it is by uni
 ted efforts that the bonds of the fettered slave
 must be broken. We know' that the laborers in
 the great w ork of reform are comparatively
 few but, “Truth is mighty,” and we are
 encouraged in believing “that the day of re
 demption draweth nigh as we are assured
 that the faithfulness of the few tried and devo
 the chains and set at liberty many a despon
 ding captive, and the reflection stimulates us
 to a greater devotedness, knowing full well
 that the corrupting and demoralizing effects
 of slavery on our white as well as our colored
 brothers and sisters, call loudly and impera
 tively upon our holiest feelings, for energetic
 action, while opportunity is yet afforded.
 Considering the disabilities we are laboring
 under, and the apathy of the mass around us,
 on this vitally interesting subject, much has
 been done in these parts during the past year;
 but a steady, peisevering, uncompromising
 devotion is indispensable, and we hope that
 while we lalmr with unliring zeal to strike at
 the root of this infernal system, we shall re
 member that bursting the fetters should be
 followed by the genial influences of sympa
 thy and elevation, and, that during our delib
 erations some suggestions may be made with
 regard to devising means to place the escaped
 bondmen in situations in which their long
 buried intellect, their manhood shall be called
 out, that they may be prepared to receive the
 truth that they may be recipients of God’s
 love, and thus be enabled to enjoy the boon of
 liberty, of which they have so long been rob
 bed. We again say to our friends far and
 I near, Cojne up to our annual gathering, where
 by a free and spontaneous interchange of sen
 timent, we may scatter seed that will evestu
 ally yield a rich harvest.
 Frederick Douglass will be piesent.and
 speakers from abroad will be invited lo at
 tend.
 SARAH D. FISH, Cor. Sec'y.
 Rochester, Nov. 19th 1849.
 To the Anti-Slavery Friends of Western
 New York and elsewhere.
 We see, wnh regret, in the Anti-Slavery
 Standard, of the tith inst., that the 15th of
 January is fixed upon for bolding the Syra
 euse Convention, only one day previous to tbe
 J time we had published our intention to hold
 I the Rochester Fair. In older to allow an op-
 I purt unity for the friends of the caose u&gt; at
 tend both, it will be necessary to again change
 the time for bolding the Fair. We, there
 fore, postpone it another week—Wednesday,
 Jin 23d, 1850. AMY POST,
 On behalf of the Fair Committee.
 A. Dr. Kelt of %Vaohington, died several
 years ago, and bequeathed to a yellow woman
 whom be purchased from s slave-dealer, sod
 lived with, (having issue,) property to the
 value of six or eight thousand dollars Tbe
 woman thinking that the will was all right,
 congratulated herself o» her good fionnao
 but two of tho female relatives ut the decnae
 ed contested the paper, and the circuit const
 was occupied with the case seven days. The
 most talented and learned counsel of tho city
 were employed—taro on noth side The je
 ry retired on Friday sAsroooe, sod remained
 in their room onto! this morning, (Nov. 20.)
 after nearly foot days confinement Being
 asab'e to agree—eight hetag for the woman,
 and four tor the pbH»h&amp;~-they wees dm
 charged.—A new trial will tbe ounce*
 qoeoee —N Y HrrwU,

 Coot, an a Cue bmser T wo 4Forcestsr
 i editors were candidates tor the legislature, at
 (betK«. The Palladium thus chronicles the
 result;
 r The people of Worcester have sleeted the
 editor of the Spy to go totkeleguiaturi and
 alsnr 1 vs iv stay at ham. That shew
 tery ptaieiy is*** ffisy iforr to*'
grown ap a knowledge
 the «idn«f nti&gt;w» knee
 af arresting dtssnoe, and
 Kotwitkaiandiag the progress waknte
 tatk* akow dattfc*
 mgrifogTS L* PK^WKTAItS I^ ALSAM
 of wild cherry.
 Nwh, Livingston Cb ,N- Y., Sam 9. l*4t
 Mr. 8. W. Fowle.—Danr Sir Pnmptol *7 a
 nm of roimilf far beaefcs nwiwJ *«■jftfLTf
 of WISTAR*S BALSAM OF WILD CHF.RR*
 I wbart dr feWairing ntnnrn fw’*" to
 my taking the Wild Cherry I few! been «M.ged to
 (ire Vmy Unman* fanwia.’aw
 rifcciion of the tangs. Utkin distressed stale U»**
 ordered to try yswr re—d; far I’ONSI'MPTION.
 I did ao, and in tkn coarse af a few w*k», I w
 restored la cusaparatire good krnkk, ao tkai 1 b»
 •inn been aMe to attend to ardianrv tastiness. In
 deed, my present state of benMi far eweed* my
 ■ont snag nine expectations. Yoorn truly,
 JOHN BURNS
 None genuine, ante** signed I. BUTTS on the
 wrapper.
 For safe by Post It Wttj.is;aad also by W a.
 Pimm
 From Whcohsih.—M-W. B. Sluan —Dear
 Sir: We hare of late been in da habit of purrban
 ing year Horae Medicines and Tuaia Paste from
 yonr tnrelliag agent, the demand for them is no
 great that we hare never been able to keep a supply
 «a &gt;«—l from the time of purchase, until the agent
 come round again. If agreeable to yon, we will act
 as yonr General Agents for tkis section f country,
 la tkis way you could keep no constantly supplied
 and we should consequently be able to dispose o!
 maar more of your medicines than we now do.
 Yaur* respectfully. LADD4 WILLIAMS.
 8 bulls burg, March IS, 1345.
 QCh See Agents’ Dames at the bead of Sloan s
 Column. For further particular* and testimonials,
 get pamphlets of agents.
Commercial.
Rochester, Dec. 19th, 1849.
 The market has bean dull for the past week, and
 nothing of importance doing. Wheat»« scarce, and
 prices range from $1 to $1,05. Pork came into
 market yesterday freely, ami price# average from
 $4 to 4,50; we heard of #ome sales made at $4,
 37|. Poultry, 6|«7c, Hay s7®f9.
 Wholesale Prices Carreat.
 FLOUR and MEAL—Duty 20 F c »dval
 Flour,pbbl
 Com meal, p bush 46 M
 PROVISIONS.— Duty; Beef,Pork,Hams, Bacon,
 Butter and Lard, 20 pc. Cheese 30 PCadval
 Pork, (mess) 11 60
 400 S ISS
 So.'bbl. .700® 8 00
 Lard (tried) p» 7
 Do. (leaf,) 1" H
 Hams, (smoked)
 Shoulders, do. 3
 ggS. 06 06
 Turkeys p lb
 Chickens ”4
 Potatoes, bush. 3 &lt;sl®
 GRAIN—Duty 20 p e ad ral
 Wheat, bush
 Com g
 Ry* g
 Oats
 Barley *OO
 HIDES—Duty; 5 p c ad val.
 Slaughter "1
 Calf 1°
 Sheep Pelts ••40 49 73
 SEEDS —Duty; LinsoedlOpc; Mustard 20 p
 c ad val
 Clorer J 750 5 00
 Timothy 1«00 2 25
 Flax 1 00
 FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 pcad ml
 Whitefish bbl 0 00
 Codfish cwt 3 25
 SUNDRIES—
 Salt, p bbl 100
 Apples, P but 00
 Do. dried bush. 0 024
 Eggs, p dot 124 &lt;B&gt; 18
 Beans, p bush 60 4b 62
 Hay, P ton 7 00 7 50
 Hard wood 3 25
 Soft Wood
211 TV t ?I f tr Cm tIITO.
 IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friend* and Uie public, that one of the firm ha*
 now returned from Europe, where tie ha* been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON ANl&gt;
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Itc., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, &amp;r.—
 I'he designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES a* we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can lie
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. '1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at a stow is hi ft gl v low pki
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st-, New York. oct26 3m
 Hair-1 uttiß* ini Urtasiß* at
 ZD. k J. PATTERSON’S Saloou, under the
 Tuffalo-street nov 16—3 m j
 The 014 Cartsity Shap,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged bis establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’*. New and
 Second band apparel. la addition to this depart
 men! he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 lure, Boohs, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical i
 and agricultural implements, and indeed ail those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at aausfartosy prices.
 Clothing repaired aad renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dorn forget The Old Curoehy Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 WASHINGTON’S Dnguerrian Gallery, 136
 Main Mtreat, Kellogg’s Buildings, Hartford
 CuMMOKUt.
 Kail-K#*4 Tl mt.
 JTHANCE IN TIME.—The trams will commence
 Vj to leave Rochester la-day at the following time
 Eastward—at 12* 8# am., 1 r.m. 7|r.ic
 Westward—at 8| a. 2 r.«„ ft| r.m. 11 r.m.
 Rochester, May 1, 1849
 ARRATIVEOFTHE LIFE of freder.
 ICK DOUGLASS, wntns by himself, to he
 had at this sfarr, price 30 cress; new Edit 17|c
 PfaUl gargtry.
 land swinumlww country, that 1 have rtiavrd my;
 ofkot tram No 89 Smith's Arcade to ay dwelling
 haw No. »2 Manser Street.
 Thaafchd for pest favors m the bar of my pndea
 *».**,sad Aatterusg mjulf Ant I can five perfect
 satisfarvwa to dhda map fans m wiAjAmr pa
 straws nfhwvmg upiradeas performs .1 «w dm teeth or j
 rfhrriag Mrth iamitted to cal me aad —tidy
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. AM ynlisss perfagmnd by me «a the
 Rsrhsmm, QM. U, 184 S.
 WM. H. TOFF, Mrvrham Taihr, 948 Broad
 way. Also aw erleesive sucrunswt ef Cravats
 Storks, Hosiery, Gloves, fte
 II. 1848.
 JOSEPH C. HOLLY. Beet aad atev ~MMUv
 Na. 97, Cnmhrry Street, Brooklyn. m
 J H B Repnwmg rxecemd at shone*
 f AIIES wT m* 5
 )f MR.
r
 ,u *«’s tttiai.

 --—--1, _ _ _ _
 L mv MM

 42 —A _ Mfc *a.
 «5. MWMVf rvpmvi)
 iV, LnrittM; T. It I. Frye,
 Nye, Pursford; W. WiMmmm. Bnflf i
 •met druggists throughout the United State#.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 OLOAVB OINTMENT now s*m**«y ne-
 O koowiedged u, he mm mtuUiMm remedy. »n every
 case while it ha* her* faithfully appliedoo the he
 man *y#te«», for promoting lerStiUr Perspirntine,
 drawing m tfo from wooed, re
 I*'" «f wj kind, and in its healing
 qualities the world does net produce he equal, and
 thr P„Mw pronounce it the cheapest and best Feast
 hr hntmrnt that ha# erer been weed. All Awswi
 «f the 1 W-«h. Obstnmte l'leers. Old Sores, Chil
 blains, s*.*v Throat, Rems, Cots, Cera neons
 Enipi»„o, Sore Nipples. Sea* Breasts, Diseases of
 *~T Ague m the face, side, hark, amt the
 £*rt« &lt;rf the system. Boil., f -m. Scald
 Mead. Rrmse«. Fresh Wounds. mA every knd .4*
 we* nwinwi the least pnrtirle of inflammation
 are permanently cured b% this srreat remrJF
 W.B SLOAN,
 Crvml lVpnt. Chicago, 11.
 DOC TOR, sa IN galena.
 Mr. Si o*s Dear .Vn: About three year* age
 I wa« severely injured ia one of my fog* by the
 taNing of a pile ot wood w b..~h occasioned largo
 running nicer-. Nearly every doctor ia Galena
 tried to cure them; (**t tried in m», mail from
 sympathy and improper irealmeni my other leg be
 came a* had as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired ,4" ever being well rgau—lm w order
 thnt I might neglect no means within any reach, I
 pwrehafcl of your agent m Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge of my surprise and
 gratitude better than I can express it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had finished using the
 second box.
 These fact-s I in.ike known lliat others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable an
 Ointment as your* lias proved to be. Respectfully,
 tour grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dee. 19,184*
 ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time he first begat: to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin trill of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, ami no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction mini now baffling the skill of
 several physicians; Imt to opr surprise h»s feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft and free from cracks, iH
 from one application of your Ointment, 1 would say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of hts
 ow n, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy state, aud are
 now die same as though they never had been other
 wise. Vours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
 FIVE LARGE DEEP I'LCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2, 1849-
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir. In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of tlie Medtcml Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: yfr. Jit me* Sanford, of Sheboygan Falla, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcer*, just
 above tlie ankle. The leg was so much swollen be
 ooobi not get on a boot. Nearly all the most jmp
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated hi#
 ease without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, .Vr. Hanford, solicited tny advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. Tlie other three I labored at till tlie
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a Ini\ ol Sloan's Ointment, and
 in three weeks lie was well.
 Respectfully youre
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
 THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 have earned a great name.
 I BURNT TO CINDERS}
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir. Justice demand* that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thank* for your unparal
 lelkd Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothe* caught fire, and before the ttamei could
 be extinguished, they were alt burnt to cinders, the
 child wa* *o badly tmrned that death seemed inevi
 table in le** than twenty four hours. Your (hntmrnt
 wa* recommended, and used with success—l t gave
 perfect relief It is needle** to add that the child i*
 now well and about her business.—The median? is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion.
 1 feel |indedicd to you for my child’s life, and
 anyth iug that I can do for you or your medicine, 1
 am ready arid w tiling to perform.
 Your bumble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., J
 Feb. 28lh, 1849. J
 Far Hardy, Mildnrn, Safety, Certainty
 and Thoraaghaium SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT EsreU,
 And is rapidly superseding all oilier Oiutments and
 Liniment* now in use for the cure ol the following
 disease*
 Fresh Wounds. Gill* of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heel*, Ringbone, Windfalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfast,
 Strains, Lameness, Hand Cracks, Fouudered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Pow der will remove all inttaunmasmu and
 fever, purify the blood, luosen die .kin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every paitol tlie Wy; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Isms of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called “lifi complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to many v aluable horses in this country. It in
 also a safe ami certain remedy for roughs and eofds,
 which generate *o many fatal diseases.
 W B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, (Him, mi.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot lie said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Med,
 nne*. Our neigtdjurs, It tend* and aofuatntenors
 whoimve use,, them, testify their approbwtiou H» no;
 ordinary term*, and recommend I Iw-uv with eowfi
 dewe. Cure*, almost miraculous have bean sffcc ted
 by this medicine “Every disease which the horse
 t# heir to*’ is cured, permanently, hy the use of
 Strum’s Medicines. TRY THEM aad test lor your
 self their efhricy.— Id. Organ, May 6*4, 1649
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OP.
 Eatrattfrom Um Wauketka Pemoerat,* H it. M|
 May 9. 1*49
 “Uioar's Medicines.”—A sutnerihsr
 (rum the low* of New Berint, reqnevts ns to my,
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Morse Pint nisi in
 several instances daring the past winter, and
 always with the desired efieri, and wishes ns to
 recommend it to those who have the use »nl &lt;w*
 Of harms. Mr. Slowa’s medicine* are
 spoken at ge» rally, and from ihn tnesßshfe
 pMsUnrr we have with that genlfe*sn*« we nrelntf
 to hebeve that they are ptepnmd J*
 tcal beweit to whatever f^P oor r t
 rattlp WT
 u umiae—Dssr Ate— Las* mouth Mr.
 n V i'rJLr”* J Gopher Hill, Indiana. had s
 oTSe none hy n Keith—ks
 lCL t Zwiams after, I m thefans*. has head was
 «woM»n, I ismnt Jislety spylbd your
 "SLu freely, and we were nsmwiihed at Am
 r *lwf alkwdrd. In hss thus new hour tha
 Swelling began to »IW»,
 had urarh nds-hnaded. mi wrthm Awre days th*
 horse wo. only fa far use. bwt wwa nctentt, petto
 Hhow. nsy wpwmi mmfa. _
 CtUSSS^rJT
"
