"W« have seldom listened to a more powerful
 speech than that made by 8. S. Foster on
 Thursday night. From 9 o'clock in the eve
 ning, until long after 11, he held a brilliant
 audience in the most profound attention—si
 lencing all attempts at the first, (and there
 were many,) to hinder him in his grand ef
 foit.
 Our brother Remond also spoke several
 times, and as usual, thrilled the audience by
 hia fervid eloquence. Our esteemed friend
 Pillsbury had but little to say during the
 meeting; we believe he spoke but once. Hr
 theo stirred up the elements of opposition u
 a high pitch. He took up the idea of the
 gulf between the American Anti-Slavery
 Society and the liberty Party, describing tbe
 former to be in heaven, and the latter in hell.
 This was too much for the Liberty Party,
 including our esteemed friend, Gerrit Smith,
 who pronounced &amp;uch remarks to be insolent.
 He confess that they struck us as harsh.
 We considered the meaning, however, rather
 thtn the words in which it was couched.
 The meaning was cotiect; since it only de
 declared the one society to be right, and tbe
 other to be wrong. Mr. Ward showed him
 self to be a fluent speaker, an expert debatet.
 and a good-natured fellow, full of fun and
 frolic. Barring his frequent references to bis
 wife, hia humorous sallies must always de
 light an audience. But it ia no part of our
 purpose to draw portraits of the differem
 speakers. If we should attempt this, we
 might fill the entire aide of our wide sheet.
 There was every variety. The broad axe ol
 Foster, the battering ram of Pillsbury, the
 ready logic and the melodious accents of
 Gerrit Smith, the mental agility of Burleigh,
 the touching pathos of May, and the tine de
 clamation of Remond, were all brought into
 life and activity on this occasion. We ven
 ture to say that Syracuse has seldom wit
 nessed such an array of moral and intellectual
 strength as that presented in this Convention.
 If, in tbe foiegoing account, we have mis
 stated any one, we shall, of course, be happy
 to be set right.—r. o.
 Editorial Items.
 The President of our Model Republic,
 the everyday robber of the rights of three
 hundred people, is, at this time, displaying
 his love of liberty, by giving entertainments
 to the Hungarian exiles. There is no end to
 republican hypocrisy.— r. d.
 Our city just now presents a lively scene.
 The streets have a good coat of snow the
 sleighing is excellent; and the ladies and
 gentlemen are out, with bells, buffaloes,
 blankets, furs and tippets, of various descrip
 tions, dashing merrily through the biting air,
 and investing hoary winter with all the antics
 of youthful summer.— f. d.
 Wi ought to have said a word, last week,
 about the vignette which appears upon our
 paper. Our friend, Mr. Green, the artist,
 kindly made us a donation of the design, and
 we have appropriated it with pleasure. It
 presents a rather dark appearance; but we
 hope to relieve it of this imperfection by ii
 few moie touches from our engraver; al
 though, as it is, it may give to our readers a
 slight idea of the eager footsteps of the pant
 ing slave, when on the highway to liberty,
 guided by the Norik Star. f. d.
 The Chronotype newspaper, published in
 B oston, and edited by Elizur Wright, has
 ceased to exist. This announcement will
 probably take many by surprize, as it took
 us. The paper certainly seemed to be in a
 flourishing condition. A very just review of
 its life and character, appears in last week’s
 Liberator. It is from the pen of William
 Lloyd Garrison. Our readers shall have it
 next week.— f. d.
 Governor Seabrook, of South Carolina
 has written a letter to Thomas H. Benton,
 enclosing the pro-slavery resolutions of the
 South Carolina legisla* re, to which Col.
 Benton replies as follow*
 Washington, Jan. 10, 1850.
 Sir I have the honor to acknowledge the
 receipt of your excellency's communication
 of the 90th ultimo, and to say that it comes
 vety opportunely for tbe trial of an issue ia
 Missouri, which excites great public expecta
 tion. That issue was joined in the Senate of
 the United States on the 3d instant, in the
 declaration made by me, and denied by my
 colleague, that the General Assembly of
 Missouri has mistaken the sentiment of the
 people, and misconceived theii own powers,
 when they pledged the State, to co-operate
 with the slaveholding States in the measures
 in progress. The expected time for taking
 that issue was at the August elections of
 next Summer; but the time proposed in the
 resolutions which you send me is better, be
 cause earlier, and I will take care to make it
 known ih Missouri, for tbe information of all
 concerned.
 *Rerpectfully, your obt. svt.,
 Thomas H. Benton.
 Gov. Seabrook, Charleston, S. C.
 The ladies of the Western New York
 Anti-Slavery Society opened their Fair in
 the spacious Minerva Hall, in this city, on
 Wednesday afternoon, at 2 o’clock. We
 shall call further attention to this matter,
 and inform our readers of the success attend
 ing it, iu a future number.—r. d.
 We are indebted to tbe Hon. Joshua R.
 Gidoinos, for valuable Congressional docu
 ments.
 Some very kiud friend in Cork, Ireland,
 understanding something of the temperature
 of this region of snow and ice, has gener
 ously furnished us, by way of tbe Boston
 Bazaar, with two suits of fleecy hosiery for
 which that friend will please accept our sin
 cere thanks. —r. p.
 Mrs. Anna Richardson, of Newcastle-on-
 Tyne, with all her other good works, con
 tinues to furnish tbe British press with
 Monthly Illustrations of American Sla
 very,” wisely selected from American news
 papers. These go the round of British
 period icats, and serve to keep the model Re
 public well understood among tbe aubjeets ot
 tbe monarchy. We learn, by a recent letter
 from this friend, that the University of Hei
 delberg has conferred the title of D.D. upon
 our esteemed friend and brother fugitive, J.
 W. C. Pennington. We have very liule
 respect for titles, but if they are-conferred
 upon any, we are glad that colored men are
 not deemed unworthy, (out of this alatery
 cursed land) to share them in common with
 others. r. d.
 The argument of Charles Sumner, Esq.,
 ia tbe ease of Sarah C. Roberta versus tbe
 city of Boston, before tbe Supreme Court of
 Massachusetts, on tbe subject of colored
 schools, and tbe exclusion of colored children
 fom tbe distort jcboeis, ia one of tbe most
elaborate and able inquiries into this subject,
 which it has ever been our privilege to read.
 We shall commence its publication in our
 next week’s paper. Let those who wish to
 to exclude coloied children from the District
 schools in this city, read, and be convinced ot
 their injustice, folly, and wickedness.— r. d.
 Ora esteemed correspondent, H. M. P., of
 Whitehaven, is earnestly solicited to con
 tinue her contributions to the Star. They
 are always welcome.
The Language of Flowers.
 How eloquent are the flowers! As the
 psalmist said of the stars on high, so may we
 •ay of these aura of earth: “There is in
 them no speech nor language, yet their voice
 is not unheard.” Since the dew of the first
 morning rested upon them amid the groves of
 Paradise, they have been whispering their
 sweet counsels of love and beauty in the ears
 of man—and yet they are not silent. Year
 by yeat, as they c.ome forth to adorn the ever
 changing links of the rolling seasons, they
 bring with them fresh messages irora that
 spirit-land, whose glories seem at times well
 nigh bursting through their bright etherial
 forms. Gentle poets and prophets ate they;
 poets, by virtue of their mission to interpret
 the beautiful to the' eye of man and prophets,
 inasmuch as they prefigure, as they come
 forth one by one, from their dark winter sleep
 in the bosom of earth, to light and life and
 joy, that great mystery of our nature, that we,
 teo, “shall not sleep but be changed.”
 Surely, if there is, in the “glorious appar
 elling” of this outward world, one thing more
 than another, which speaks of the love of
 God, it is the flowers: it is a perfect hymn of
 love and praise that is written on the furrowed
 page of earth with these lovely hieroglyphics
 at first pale and trembling and delicate, as the
 first unfolding of a tale of affection; then
 deepening, month by month, in fervency and
 luxuriance; and again sinking a way, like the
 vanishing hues of the rainbow, or the last
 melting touching strains of an iEolian mel
 ody.
 The Flowers have a high and holv mission
 to fulfil; humble but appointed servitors are
 they in the vast Cathedral of Nature, conse
 crated and ordained by none other than the
 Great High Priest Himself, in that hour
 wherein He looked upon them arrayed in a
 glory greater than that of Solomon, and gave
 them a gospel to preach, to all generations of
 men, a gospel of love and trusting faith, and
 the assured belief to man, that
 “Wlioso careth lor the flowers,
 Will much more care for him.”
 The lonely traveller in the far off wilds of
 Africa is but a type of the myriads of human
 spirits that have drunk refreshment and con
 solation from these way-side fountains, that
 have listened to the ministry of these lowly
 preachers, and have gone on their way re
 joicing.
 Who has not felt, in contemplating the
 vastness of creation, in standing upon the very
 portals of the Infinite, and following the
 mighty hosis of Heaven in their unimaginable
 multitudes and wanderings—in gazing into
 those abysses of ispace, whete the torch ofi
 science serves but to make the darkness visi- i
 ble, a sensation of fearful and heart-crushing
 awe, a sense of weakness, and littleness, and
 insignificance, like that which actuated the
 Poet-king of Israel to exclaim. “Loid what is
 man. that thou art mindful of him, or the eon
 of man that thou visilest him!” It is in such
 moments as these, that the breath of the low
 !v flowers floats over the soul, like a waft
 from the other world —it is then that we list
 en most willingly to the sound of their holy
 Evangel;—and, as our sinking eyes turn
 from the crushing grandeurs of the starry'
 Heavens to the turf beneath our feet, these
 heaven-sent messengers are there, to assure
 us, by the hoards of loveliness lavished upon
 their fairy forms, and the delicate perfection
 of their organization, that our poor notions of
 great and small bear no relation to Infinitude,
 that they exist not in the workings of the E
 ternal Order, that they are among the many
 shadows that will flee away at the dawning of
 Everlasting Day; and that, if the testimony
 of our Father’s might is written in burning
 cyphers on the firmament of Heaven, the
 message of Hts boundless and all embracing
 love, is as clearly told and as gladly accepted
 from the gleaming pages of the grassy earth.
 And many a blessed lesson, besides these
 great ones, do the flowers teach to the willing
 and lowly mind that can stoop with child-like
 simplicity to learn of these gentle teachers.—
 To some submitted souls, they have breathed
 forth great secrets of the Spirit \V orld they
 have become transparent with the radiance of
 their hidden and spiritual essence, and have
 stood before them, transfigured into the shin
 ing gloty of those great thoughts of God of
 which they are the symbols, and the visible;
 language, and embodiments. These have!
 gazed upon them “with thoughts too deep for
 tears.” because their delicate forms have been
 too thin a veil to hide from them the radiance
 of that in-dwelling in-forming*spiiit of the j
 Universe which is the life and soul of nature.
 Thus every separate flower has its own truth
 to tell, besides foiming a harmonious part of
 the great whole; and though the more serial
 notes of the music they breathe may be heard
 alone by deeply spiritualised natures, yet they
 have tones of solemn sweetness loud enough
 i for til but the dullest ear to hear. Who can
 look on the snowdrop and the violet without
 thinking of spotless purity and modest virtue;
 on the daisy, without remembering the num
 berless mercies that gladden our path of life,
 unacknowledged and almost unseen, which
 would yet be sorely missed were they to de
 part; on the majestic rose, the Venus of flow
 ers, without dreams of love and beauty; or on
 the golden flower of the Sun, nor feel instruct
 ed by an emblem of fsith and constancy, and
 of a noble upward looking to the Soul and
 Centre of all things!
 Who could hold that dull, dry doctrine that
 calls itself utilitarian, in the presence of a
 flower! Are not, indeed, the floral hosts a
 very “cloud of witnesses” against that blight
 ing spirit that recognizes not the beautiful
 amongst the ministrations of the Hue—oay,
 that sees not the perfect uoion of the twain, a
 union solemnized by the hand of iova “before
 the foundation of the world” From what i.
 world of joy and delight do such exclude them
 selves Yea, they lose their right &lt;o that
 fair and broad inheritance in the wide kingdom
 of nature, which would enable them, by virtue
 of loving and teachable hearts, to
 M CsM tbs florioiH all their own.”
 Their eyes are clouded vritla the duet of
care, “the fretful stir unprofitable, and the
 fever of the world,” and their ears deafened
 with the whirl of its ceaseless activities so
 that they see no beauty in the beautiful, and
 bear not the “still small voice” that these
 lowly ministers lift up j|uor the high and glo
 rious snatches of the heavenly harmonies that
 are permitted to float down to this nether
 sphere, to gladden and refresh the weaned
 soul of man, and to awaken in his heart that
 unconquerable yearning for his fatherland,
 which gives him assurance of his high origi
 nal.
 Bloom on, then, ye lovely flowers! Keep
 for os, beneath your rainbow wings, that dew
 of oar youth which the world’s sultry bieath
 would so soon exhale; weaiy not in your ho
 ly minitflries; teach us to adorn, like you, the
 waste places of life; “ye toil not, neither do
 ye spin,” and yet your Heavenly Father hath
 given you a glorious investiture of beauty i
 leach us likewise to depend upon Him, to ful
 fil the mission He hath given us and to care
 not anxiously for the morrow; so shall ye fill
 up your appointed priesthood, and your voices
 shall not be wanting in those links of heaven
 ly music, that are to draw the soul of man, as
 by the electric chain of a strong attraction, to
 God, the central sun of the spiritual universe.
 H. M. P.
Petition against the Slave Trade.
 The following Petition, with the accompa
 nying letter, has just reached us—and al
 though the latter was not, perhaps, intended
 for publication, its writer will pardon us for
 inserting it in our paper, on th*e assurance
 that it will be read with interest, by American
 readers—especially by the friends of the slave.
 To Her Majesty Victoria, Queen or
 Great Britain and Ireland.
 May it please your most Gracious Majesty:
 We, the undersigned, your dutiful and loy
 al subjects, the women of.lreland, well
 aware of the warm interest your Majesty takes
 in the cause of the oppressed, of every colour
 and of every clime, approach your throne
 with that relying confidence which your noble
 character inspiles, and earnestly and respect
 fully beg to appeal to your Majesty, in behalf
 of those foully wronged and persecuted peo
 ple—the Victims of the African Slave Trade
 —and implore your Majesty to requite your
 Ministers to adopt such measures, as they
 shall deem requisite, to enforce the fulfilment
 of the solemn treaties entered into, at various
 times, since 1807, with Spain, Portugal, and
 Brazil, for the total abolition of this nefarious
 traffic, which was agreed to be abandoned
 forever in 1820 and in 1831 and, fot the
 consummation of which, the British people
 have bestowed the enormous sum of jG 1,300,-
 000. Many years have now elapsed Bince these
 sacred promises were made, and the prospect
 of their performance seems to be as distant as
 ever.
 The shamelessness of such a violation of
 all honor and honesty, in so holy a cause, has
 already aroused the indignation of the whole
 Empire, and petitions to your Majesty, and to
 Parliament, are many, an this soul-stirring
 subject; even female timidity is overborne,
 and the women of the land crowd to testify
 their eager desire to have the bargain, which
 their fathers and their husbands paid for, scru-1
 pulously enforced.
 We trust and hope, that it only requires to
 draw your Majesty's attention thus lorcibly,
 by the voice of the United Kingdom, to this
 insulting, as well as faithless, conduct of these
 ungrateful nations, in order that they may be
 practically taught, without further delay, that
 the British people will not submit to this dis
 graceful fraud.
 Belfast, Dec. 27th, 1849.
 My Dear Sir—l write a few lines by or
 der of the Committee of “The Belfast Ladies’
 Anti-Slavery Association,” to let you know
 how much the members of it regret that they
 have not been able to collect a sufficient quan
 tity of work in time to send out for your an
 nual Rochester Fair. This is chiefly owing
 to the distress amongst the poor of our own
 country, and the number of Bazaars which
 have taken place in consequence of it; we
 have, however, collected some work, and trust
 that if we are spared until the time of your
 next Fair, we shall be able to send you a box.
 In the meantime, lest you should imagine that
 our sympathy with the slave is extinct, I en
 close you a copy of a monster petition we have
 prepared to present to Her Majesty in behalf
 of “the Victims of the African Slave Trade.”
 The procuring of signatures, which has occu
 pied much time, it has been signed by six
 thousand, one hundred and eighteen Irish
 women, and many more would in all proba
 bility have done so, had not the language been
 considered by them too strong. For instance,
 the Society ot Friends in general, objected to
 it on this score, and the Members of the Anti-
 Slavery Society in Cork, would neither sign
 it themselves, nor procure signatures lor us,
 as thinking the object of the petition could not
 be effected without war. This we should re
 gret as much as they, provided the greater
 evil can be removed without resorting to so
 dreadful an alterna«ive. Our Vice President,
 Mrs. Thomson Jerment, who drew up the pe
 tition, has been most active and energetic
 and has done more towards procuring signa
 tures, than all the rest of our Committee to
 gether. Will you be kind enough to let me
 know whether the subscription of our Associ
 ation for the North Star, has been paid for
 the year 1849? Our Treasurer has been in a
 bad state of health, and was obliged to remove
 to a warmer climate, which has occasioned
 some confusion in the accounts. I have just
 forwarded to Mrs. Richardson, of Newcastle,
 our subscriptions for 1850; also, a subscription
 for M/ss M. Ireland, a Member of our Com
 mittee, Her address is Royal College. I
 need scarcely say that we all derive much
 pleasure in perusing your excellent paper.—
 The letters in it addressed tQ your former
 master,have excited great and universal inter
 est. Mrs. Richardson mentioned that the sub
 scription to the North Star was to be raised
 to 10s, so I sent 1 for the Association and
 Miss Ireland. My father tent his through
 our friends in Cork. Do you think it would
 be possible to have some true stories of slaves,
 or aneodotes of aiavery, embodied in small
 tiacts, for distribution in our schools; such
 tracts, for instance, as the specimen I enclose
 These are sold at sixpence a hundred and
 I think facts placed in the hands of children,
 would do more towards instilling a horror of
 slavery than anything else we can do; but
 they would require to be judiciously written,
 so as to excite deep sympathy for the slave,
 and indignation against the slaveholder, with
 out shocking what would be termed here the
 refined feelings of these countries. Will you
 excuse the liberty I have taken in putting
 these queries 1 My father and sister join me
 in wishiogyou the compliments of the season,
 and believe me your sincere friend,
 H. HINCKS. j
News from Ear ope —Fsatteti Day*
 Later.
 Halifax, Telegraph Office,
 Sunday morning 10 o'clock. J
 The Canada arrived Uns morning at H
 o'clock, having experienced very bad weather
 She has 103 through passengers, snd wil
 sail in two hours.'
 ENGLAND’
 The political news from England is not o
 much importance. Everything is as dull ai
 the season itself. Parliament will asaembh
 for the dispatch of business on the 3d o
 February, when it is rumored that variant
 political and commercial meaeuies will b&lt;
 brought before the Legislature.
 On the subject ui the annexation of Canadt
 to the United States, the Morning Advertiser
 a well informed journal, has the following:—
 The Cabinet haa under its consideratior
 the question of a severance between the motbei
 country and her Canadian possessions. The
 conclusion arrived at is, that England wouk
 be no actual loser were the Canadu to carrj
 their threats of separation into effect. Th&lt;
 result of a careful examination of the Cana
 dian connexion, in all its aspects, is, that s&lt;
 far from England being a sufferer from tlx
 renunciation of their allegiance to the Britts!
 crown on the part of the Canadians, she
 would be an actual gainer. It is a well as
 certain ed fact, that the expenses of the con
 nexion have more than counterbalance its ad
 vantages. The maintenance of that part o;
 our colonial poasessions subjects us to a year
 ly expenditure of more than £BOO,OOO if
 hard cash. Will any one tell us that the
 Canadas confer on us benefits at all eqoivalem
 to this? i
 It may iddeed be debated whether our ex
 ports to the Canadas would not be as greai
 as they have been at any former period. Ai
 any rate, we speak advisedly when we say
 that this country will be no loser by the ses
 sion of the Canadrs. That is certainly the
 conclusion at which Ministers have arrived,
 after the most able and most careful delibera
 tion. On that conclusion they hare resolved
 to act. When the session meets we shall
 see the facts brought fully before the public,
 with the grounds on which the Cabinet has
 come to the conclusion at which it has ar
 rived.
 A desperate, but futile effort, it is said, will
 be made, on the opening of parliament, to
 restore a portion of the old protective laws.
 Nobody, however, seemed concerned at the
 hostile appearances which these savans of
 monoply have assumed.
 Col. Webb and suite arrived at Liverpool
 by the Yorkshire, en route to Vienna, to com
 mence his diplomatic duties at the Austrian
 Court.
 The steamer Niagara has been thoroughly
 repaired in the Clyde; she would soon re
 lume her place on the line.
 FRANCE.
 Since the sailing of the last steamer, there
 ias been but little news of moment from the
 French capital.
 Three-twelfths of the estimated expendi
 ture for the year 1850, have already been
 granted the Minister of France.
 The bill to maintain duly on potable
 liquors has been carried. Louis Napoleon
 tnd Gen. Changarnier have been reconciled
 igain. A report was current in the early
 t&gt;artof the week that a credit of 6,000,000
 would be demanded for the President of the
 Republic, claims to that amount hanging
 Against him. The Bank of France has been
 Authorized to increase its circulation of rates
 from four hundred and fifty-two millions to
 five hundred and twenty five millions of
 fames.
 THE PAPAL STATES.
 The Pope it is said, will not return to
 Rome until after the projected loan has been
 completed.
 There has been some disturbance in the
 Roman Provinces, in consequence of the re
 imposition of the Flour tax.
 The other foreign intelligence is of no in
 lerest.
 AUSTRIA AND HUNGARY.
 A mutiny broke out in one of the Austnan
 regiments stationed in Comorn, on the 19th
 Dec. through which several suporior officers
 were killed by the exasperated men.
 The Austrirn Government is about raising
 a foreign loan of 30,000,000 florins in the
 Lombard Venetian Kingdom.
 The financial deficit from Austria is said to
 be 40,000 ftancs per diem.
 REBELLION IN SERVU.
 Accounts from Vienna and Berlin, of the
 -2d, state that a rebellion, on a most formid
 able scale,had broken out amoug the Setvians.
 Syrmia, Sclavonia, and the military bounda
 ries, are up in arms against the Austrian Gov
 ernment. The Sclavonian and Servian
 boundary regiments have revolted, and raised
 the cordon of the Turkish frontier, so that
 their rear is fully secured—from the bretluen
 of their race in Turkey, they are assured be
 forehand of all support—a circumstance which
 will complicate the relations, already suffi
 ciently ipineuses, between Austria and the
 Porte.
 The Boundary Regiments which have re
 volted are among the bravest and hardiest sol
 diers in the Austrian service. The ground of
 their rising' is, resistance to the decree of No
 vember 18, organizing the Woiwodescliaft,
 The chief movement is in the Sylraian, Peter
 watdein and Tepaikist military districts, which
 are exasperated at being excluded from the
 Woiwodeschaft.
 It is said that Russia has been intriguing
 to get up this insurrection, in order to have
 both Austria and Turkey entirely dependent
 on her; in proof of which the latest accounts
 from Servra mention that the Russian agita
 tion is daily growing more open and daring,
 and that the incredible activity of the agents
 of that power leads to the conclusion that
 sanguinary entanglements wifi speedily hreak
 out between Russia and Turkey. The Prince
 of Servia haa already refused to pay the tri
 bute due to the Porte of 34,000 ducats, and
 the arming of all male adults is being carried
 on with the greatest possible activity, with
 out any one knowing where the arms come
 from.
 RUSSIA AND TURKEY.
 The Hamburg Borsenhall announces the
 discovery of a new and very extensive conspi
 racy in Russia. Its focus was at Moscow,
 and its object was to depose the dynasiv of
 Romanoff. A coup de mma was to have been
 meoapied against the Czar on New Year’s
 day. The conspirators who have been thus
 far discovered, all belong fo the high nobility
 and to the Bhasian national party—the party
 pfthe Boyards. Not a single Pole is com
 promised in this affair. The conspiracy is ex
 clusively aristocratic and Russian. The Ga
 zette ol Breslau sqyg it is the intention of
 Russia to oonceutrate all her fotces on the
 I'utkish frontier, in ordet to be ablo at any
 time to take advantage ef events which may
 arise, and that Austria wfi) garrison Poland.
The following well deserved notice of the
 Liberator, is from the pee of the Editor oi
 the Anti-Slavery Bugle
 The Liberator.
 The old pioneer’ sheet—the first to pro
 claim in our land the principle of Immediate
 EMANCiPATioN—entered upon its twentieth
 volume ait the commencement of the present
 year. There is not in all the land another
 paper which has larger claims upon the
 gratitude and affection of the friends of Radi
 cal Reform than this. Its fidelity to principle
 under every temptation, its fearless and in
 dependent tone, its promptness to embrace
 and proclaim unpopular truth without regaid
 to consequences, should make it dear to every
 friend of humanity. It cannot, like The Na
 tional Era, boast of 15,000 subscribers, but
 it rosy say without boasting, that, to the
 cause of Liberty it has ever been
 Constant as the Nothera Star,
 Of wbosa true-fixed sol resting quality
 There is w&gt; fieUow in the fimUmeat.’
 It may alao claim for itself the honor of be
is| boot* hated aad fund by altwhoHm
 and their guilty apologists than any other
 jturnal in the land. Hoar many thrilling
 associations are awakened in oer mind ae it
 runabnek through the long period during
 which this paper has stood foremeet in the
 conflict with Despotism But we hare, not
 time to indulge in the pleasing retrospect.
 With all our heart we sav, Success to the
 dauntless Liberator May it live to pro
 claim the tidings that our laod and the world
 are purified from theatain of Slavery, that all
 mankind are free!
 We perceive that it haa been found neces
 sary to raise the price of The Liberator from
 $2 to $2,50 per annum. After an experience
 of three years, it has been found that it can
 not sustain itself at the former rate. We
 know of ‘another Anti-Slavery paper, the
 price of which ought to augmented.
 our readers guess its name
We copy the following letter from tbe
 Disfranchised Americau” aa an act of aim pie
 justice to that paper, and to ourselves.—r. o.
 Boston, December 18th, 1849.
 Mr. Svmnh, Sir: A copy of your
 paper haa just been put into my hand, con
 taining a somewhat severe attack upon me,
 baaed upon an article recently published in
 the “North Star.” I beg to state in explana
 tion, that the article by which your indigna
 tion has been provoked, was neither written
 by me, nor by my authority; that at the time
 it was written, 1 was full five hundred miles
 from home. That my articles in the “North
 Star,” are usually signed with my initials;
 that the article in question was not signed as
 above; that I have never seen a copy of
 your paper before seeing the one before mo;
 that 1 have never expressed an unfavorable
 opinion of yourself, nor of your paper, at any
 time, in nor out of the “Star.” Now sir,
 that justice may be done speedily, and that
 there may be no strife between persons situa
 ted as we are, I beg that you will insert this
 hrief explanation in your f thcoming num
 ber, and the same shall find a place in the
 “North Star.”
 With respect, fltc.,
 Frederick Douglass.
Nature made us individuals, as she did the
 flowets and the pebbles; but we are afraid to
 be peculiar, and so our society resembles t
 bag of marbles or a string of mould can
 dles. Why should we all dress after the same
 fashion? The frost never paints my windows
 twice alike.
Receipts
 Far the North Star, for the Week ending
 January 28, 1850-
 Wm Martin, Cork, Ireland 4,80
 Mr* Harryman, England 3,00
 Jeremiah Spalding, Navarino 2,00
 John M Nicholla, Scott’s Hollow 2,00
 Juba Levy, Palmer Depot 2,00
 Joseph Santee 2,00
 Joseph Underhill 2 f OQ
 John Thom ts, Providence 2,00
 E C Tuttle I^oo
 Griffith M Cooper QO
 W D Dickinson 2 00
 Lucy Cheney j,oo
 Abel Ross 2 00
 John Petrie (Sept. 2) 100
 Austin Ross 2 00
 Lloyd Scott 2 00
 Esther H Walton 2 00
 Lydia Chevalier 2 00
 Mina Bee 2 qq
 John Fox 2 00
 Wm Ainsworth I qq
 Mr. Fannj Kemble Jon
 James C Jackson
 David Waite
 Peter Cutler 2 qq
 Slocum Howland j’qq
 Mrs Luther Colemau 2 00
 Mrs S H Smith j’qq
 Leonard Patterson j’qq
 William H Topp 2 00
 Robert B Forson 1 qq
 Mrs E Wallace 2 00
 Hiram Putman 2 oo
 W Newu don LOO
 Joseph Savage 2 00
 Stephen Smith 2 00
 Thatcher Clarke 2 00
 Pho'bt II Jones 2 00
 Joseph Strain 2 QQ
 Thomas Butler j’qq
 Win Loquen j qq
 Pliny Sexton /qq
 Richard M’Ouber o 00
 Thomas Gibbs 2 00
 David Spalding 2 qq
 A Dolhar Clay j qq
 Win N M’Kemie j qq
 David Cogswell 2 00
 David Waldo ’qq
 A Woodward 'qq
 Ernest Held j’qq
 Amelia Bradbury 2 oq
 C B Sedgwick gjoO
 Court land Bates j’qq
 E J Forster ,/qq
 Richard A John llradfield q’qq
 Mrs Marsh
 Henry Stanton
WHAT THE CANADIANS THINK OF
 WISTAR’S BALSAM.
 From the Montreal Transcript, July 22, 1848.
 W’e think it due to Dr. Wistar that w* should
 add our testimony to numerous others as to the ex
 traordinary merits of biy «edicinein certain oures,
 particularly where the patient has complained of
 pain in the side, or in cases of an asthmatical char
 acter.
 We are personally acquainted with many persons
 who have experienced immense relief from the u se
 of this medicine, when lahoiiqg myfer e
 abore mentioned; and a* in 1 he changeable climate
 of Canada the*) diseases are more than usually
 common, say oedicine calculated to counteract
 them, must be of value.
 We are aware that it has a large and atill increas
 ing sale, and has been very generally and benefici
 ally used since its introduction into Canada three
 years ago—and the very fact of its having stood the
 test of three years’ experience is proof of its value.
 Wp ar« not in the habit of recommending patent
 medicines, unless the benefits conferred by them
 have come qnder o«r own observation; but in the
 present instance we can recommend Wistar’s Bal
 aam of Wild Cherry, as a medicine worthy of the
 confidence of the public in diseases of the CV,t
 and side; and in many cases in this citv
 Coughs hare yielded to its infliieuoe. V
 To be genuine it must he signed 1. BUTTS
 G i
 PiJ* b Po WILLI*; by W*.
 WELL NIGH TOO LATE,
 Dr. W. B, Sloan: Sir—Last New Years I po
 liced that my colt had a swelling on the pastern
 joint of the hind leg, which increased, and after a
 few days broke* and became one entire running
 sore from the hoof to the bock; at length the swell
 ing and inflammation extended to the body. The
 intestines being so much affected, came out about
 the siae of a quart measure. I showed the colt to
 a great mustier of portoas, some of whom were
 Physicians, and some Farriers, for the purpose of
 eliciting information relative to the proper treat
 ment. All remarked that they bad never seen nor
 beard of a similar case, and gava it as their opinion
 that no medicine could save his life. Several of
 my neighbors advised me, out of kindness to ibe
 colt to kill it. During the extreme cold weather
 of January and February, the colt hid so much on
 iu side, that the bones came through the skin in
 several places. However, when it was well nigh
 too late, I commenced using your valuable Oint
 ment; Since whioh the inflamnation has all disap
 peared, the intestines have gone back, the leg is
 entirely healed, and the cok is now playing about,
 the onfv mark of any misfortune bav ing befallen it, j
 being a slight eolargmpfqt o( the pastern joint, To
 all of which a large number of my neighbor* 00s
 testify. My residence is user Freeport. P tepW
 eon co. t 111.
 March th Years, Ac.
 O. P. McCOOL.
 of Sloan’s
3lboertiotmento.
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, Book-Keeper. Ac
 nounuuw, and Confidential Utter Writer,
 wwdd most respectfully inform his friends and the
 IwiMic in general, that he has for their accommoda
 te*. opened hie office for the keeping of Books,
 catling accounts, writing letters upon business, Ire.
 the drawing of Bonds, articles of agreement. Con
 stitutions, bye-laws, reports, communications. Ire.
 Jtc., at No. 169, South Sixth Street, below Pine,
 where by his strict atteßtioa to business he hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hows
 from 9 a.u. to 9 P.i.
 Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sale of Lots in
 Übflhon Cemetery. tf
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and the public, that one of the fin® has
 now returned from Europe, where he tins been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Clonks, Ac., of the richest nnd most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 rhe designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONh AND ALL,
 CALL AIID sax VOR yourselves as we feci
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made op in a more supe
 rior maai er than they cancel them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $B,OO
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. '1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonish m oly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oci26 3m
H*lr-Catt!iig and Dressing at
 ZD. A J. PATTERSON’. Saloon, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—3ni
The 014 Cirosity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he lias recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New ami
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 37fc
Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rocliester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 lliankfnl lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
Rail-Road Time.
 CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will rommenet
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—at 124 a.u., 84 a.m., 1 p.m. 7Jp.u
 Westward—at 8| a. m., 2 p.m., 51 p.u. 11 p.iu
 Rochester, May 1, 1849.
For Sale Cheap,
 Twenty building lots, in th» Ninth
 Ward of the City of Brooklyn, a few minutes’
 walk from the railroad, and ten minutes travel to
 the East River Ferries. Title indisputable. Per
 sons wishing to purchase and improve immediately,
 will be accommodated on easy terms. Said Lots
 front on Thompson Street and Morell’s Lane, and
 adjoin Ward School No 2.
 Also for sale a neat ON E-HORSE CARRIAGE
 with Harness complete. Very cheap.
 Address (post paid) J. C. Morel, Brooklyn
 post office, or an interview may be had at inv
 apartments in Weeksville, from 4 to 6 o’clock P.m'.
 every day in the week, Saturdays excepted.
 jan 4 6w
Elibu Bnrritt's Newspaper,
 THE CHRISTIAN CITIZEN. F.lihc Bur-
 RtTT, Proprietor; Elihu Blrritt, Tho
 mas Drew, Jr. Editors; Edmund Fra, Lon
 don, J.B. Svme, Edinburgh, Ernest Lacan,
 Paris, Foreign Correspondents.
 The SEVENTH VOLUME of this large and
 popular Family Newspaper commenced on the First
 of January, 1860. Terms One [Miar and Fifty
 Cents per annum, invariably in advance. Four
 copies for Five Dollars.
 1 be Citizen is the organ of no party or sect, Nit
 expresses freely the sentiments of its editors up-n
 all tl»e great reformatory questions of the day.
 Sympathising with all the great enterprises of
 Christian benevolence, it speaks against war in the
 spirit of peace. It speaks for tlie slave ns a brother
 bound; and for the abolition of *ll institutions and
 custnms which do no( respect the image of God
 and a human brother, in every man, of whatever
 clime, color or condition of humanity. All orders
 should be post paid, and directed to either of the
 Editors, at WORCESTER, MASS,
 jnn 4—eaw -ft
 T A MES W. MON DORM ING .still continues to
 O keep tlie Qroeery 011 Second Street, corner of
 Wi North side- Has constantly on liand every
 variety of Groceries. 3 rn
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July 13,1849.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
 HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 r FHE subscriber has removed to that neat, conve-
 X nient, and central boarding-house, No. 2£ Centre
 Court, where he will be most happy to welcome some
 of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.—
 He wishes his house to be the central place in Bos
 ton, wflbre tlie friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom,the Prisoner,|Ae.,may meet together, and
 eqjqy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SPEAR.
 Boston, Aug, 21,1848.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 sellor at Law, Braxer’s Building, State Street
 Boston.
 THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle
 sign of the Golden Ball. New and Second
 band Clothing Store.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 66, Union Street, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on band a
 great variety of New and Secbnd Hand Clothing
 Good* ef aH kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, Ac, exchanged for new
 dobing. Cash advanced on all kinds of good*.
NEW YORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
 DR. J. M’CVNF SMIThTsS, West Broed
 w*y.
 MRSL PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she has removed
 from 150 to a commodious bouse No. 162, Church
 Street, where she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and Lodging.
 New York, May M, 1849.
 ELLIS a. POTTER'S Ready Made Clothing
 Store, *1 Canal Street, between Church Street
 and West Broadway, New York, Also—A Gen
 eral Assortment of Gentlemen’s Furnishing Articles
 constantly on hand.
 Stay 18. 1848,
 W *UAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in Fashionable
 TtJL.lt* and Bhoe,, 80 Purchase Street, New
 W. B. L. keeps constantly ou hand a good assort
 ment, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Messrs. Parker aad
 Davfo.
 TX7ABHINGTON’S Damwrrian Gallery, 136
 W Maui Street, KslloggS Buildings, Hertford
 Cifliwct icut.
SLDAH’S COLUMN.
(0* Ail Ike medicines advertised by W. B. Shu
 are sold by Post A Willis, Winslow A Youaf, Ro
 chester 8. Kenshuw, Frankfort; A. 8. Bail Mo A
 Co., Lewiston; T. A A. Frye, Brock port; Caleb
 Nve, Pituford; W. Williams, Buflbio; aad by
 mo»t druggists throughout the United States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 CLOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally ae-
 LJ knowledged to he an infalliihle remedy, in sverj
 case where it has been faithfully applied oa the ha
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its beulire
 qualifies the world does not profiles its equal, asm
 the public pronounce it the cheapest aad beet Fami
 ly Ointment that haa ever been used. All diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, OM Sores, Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Borns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the face, side, hack, aad the
 other ppts of the system, Boils, Ulcers, Sea Id
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every kad of
 sores containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cored bv this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 t Lake st., Chicago, 111.
DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 Mr. Sloan:— Dear Sir: About tiiroo yaare ago
 I was severely injured in one of my legs by too
 falling of a pile of wood which occasioned largo
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor ia Gates*
 tried to cure them; but tried in vais, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other teg be
 came as had as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well in order
 that I might neglect no means within my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge of ray surprise aad
 gratitude better than I can express it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had finished using the
 second box.
 These facts 1 make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as vourt has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your graietiif friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Allied, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time be first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many titr.es he was obliged to go oa his
 hands and knees, r.nd no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several phvsicianii; hut to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly sratoth soft and free from cracks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, I would say
 the hoy put it on himself as an experiment of hie
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy state, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849,
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In iry opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are. those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Mutual Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcere, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing die swelling and healed two
 of tlie sores. The other three I labored at till tlte
 first of February, wiUmut ninth if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, aad
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAFEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTMENT,
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A. GREAT NAME.
 BURNT TO CIND£RS§
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands thav I should return
 to you my unfeigned thauks for your unparal
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before the fiames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly l&gt;urned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and a I tout her business.—The medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion.
 1 feel jindedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, 1
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., J
 Feb. 28th, 1849. f
For Parity, Mildness, Safety, Certainty
 and Thoroughness SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments aad
 Liniments now in use fur the cure ol the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G ills ol all kinds, Spraias,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalis, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfest,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every purl of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Vellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stifl' complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to uiany valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lakest., Chicago, Illinois.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot lie said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 diues. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintance*
 who have used them, tastify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with coufi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test for your
 self their efficacy.—///. Organ, May sth, 1849.
 highly spoken or.
 Extract from the *Waukesha TU rrilf -mr-
 May 9,1848,
 “SLOSH’S subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berha, requests es t# sey.
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoi sc -“is in
 several instances during the past wistar, and
 always with the desired wishes as to
 recommend it to those who have tbs use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and from tbs favorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are lad
 to believe that tbev are pi 'pared with a view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended.
 tUTTLE SNAKE SITE.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear .Vo--—Last month Mr
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher HUI, Indiana had a
 hose badly bitten on the nose by a p l tiil i
 Some ter. hours after, I taw the horse, his head was
 remarkably swollen, I immediate!v —e
 Ointment freely, and we were astonJhed J Z
 prompt relief afforded. In less than one hear tbs
 swelling began»« abate, and in twenty four hours fc
 had nearly all subsided, aad within three days tbs
 rnrse was not only fit for use, bat was sctoaUypatto
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 'ttSSßStlh.
 Chicago, Jure 8U», 1848*;

"
