"VOL. 111. NO. 6.
Tfc* WORTH STAR is published ct&gt;i|
 Friday, at Wo. 35,|Bafalo Street,
 {QppotUttke ArcaJr.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, almayt in adummae. N&lt;
 subscription will bs received for a less term tkai
 nix m Httfi#.
 A Iveruae nents not exceeding tea line* insert e&lt;
 three time* for one dollar; every subsequent inner
 tion, t.vcnty.five cent*.
 The object of the North Star will be to attach
 SLAVERY ia ati its form* and aspedta; advocat,
 UHKMtiL Emancipation; exalt the ataudar.
 of fwibHcnsorslkr, promote the atornl and tntellec
 taal improvement of the CoLORKD People; am
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOriCES.
 {£s* All communication* relating to the bunnes*
 matters of the paper, names of subscriber*, remit*
 tances, &amp;c., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 Q Agents, and all others sending names, an
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the Ciun/y, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 s3* Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scrilx-rs, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for o.ie year.
 (gj* Al! letters and communications must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.F. Wallcut,2l,Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horath
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffuui, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 New York.—Sydney H. Gay, 142, N’assai
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 9S, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Westburv, Queen County Ma
 ry "Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F- Platt,
 Penn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island.—Amarancy Paine. Providence.
 Pennstlvania. J. M. fa’Kim, 81, N'oril
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149,
 So. Sixth Street, Do. B. Bown, Pituhipgh; Wm.
 ’A’hipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; valentine
 \inholson, Harveysburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada.—John James Carey, Toronto.
 Selections.
 ARGUMENT
 Of Charles Sumner, Esq., against the Con
 stitutionality of Sepw ate Colored Schools
 in the case of Sarah C. Roberts vs. Th&gt;
 Ctty of Boston. Before the Supreme Court
 of Mass., Dec. 4, 1849.
 May it please your Honors:
 Can any discrimination, on account
 of color or race, be .made, under the
 Constitution and Laws of Massachu
 setts, among the children entitled to the
 benefit of our public schools.' This is
 the question which the Court is now to
 hear, to consider, and to decide.
 Or, stating the question with more
 detail, and with a more particular appli
 tion to the facts of the present case, are
 the Committee, having the superinten
 dence of the public schools of Boston,
 entrusted with the power, under the con
 stitution and laws of Massachusetts, to
 exclude colored children from these
 schools, and to compel them to resort
 for their education to separate schools,
 set apart for colored children only, at
 distances from the homes less conven
 ient than those open to white children?
 This important question arises in an
 action by a colored child, only five
 years old, who, by her/iext friend, sues
 the city of Boston for damages, on ac
 count of a refusal to receive her into
 one of the public schools.
 It would be difficult to imagine any
 case which could appeal more strongly
 to your best judgment, whether you re
 gard the parties or the subject. On
 the one side is the city of Boston, strong
 in its wealth, in its influence, in its
 character; on the other side is a little
 child, of a degraded color, of humble
 parents, still within the period oi natu
 ral infancy, but strong from her very
 weakness, and from the irrepressible
 sympathies of good men, which, by a
 divine compensation, come to succor
 the weak. This little child asks at your
 hands her personal rights. So doing,
 she calls upon you to decide a question
 which concerns the personal rights of
 other colored children; which concerns
 the constitution and laws of the Com
 monwealth which concerns that pecu
 liar institution of New England, the
 common schools; which concerns the
 fundamental principles of human rights;
 which concerns the Christian character
 of this community. Such parties, and
 such interests, so grand and various,
 may justly challenge your most earnest
 attention.
 Though this discussion is now for the
 first time brought before a judicial tri
 bunal, it is no stranger to the public.—
 For five years it has been an occasion
 of discord to the School Committee.
 No less than four different reports —two
 majority reports, and two minority re
 ports —forming pamphlets of solid di
 mensions—devoted to this question,
 have been made to this Committee, and
 afterwards published. The opinions of
 learned counsel have been enlisted in
 the cause. The controversy, leaving
 these regular channels, has overflowed
 the newspaper press, and numerous ar
 ticles have appeared, espousing oppo
 site aides. At last it has rsached this
 tribunal. It is in your power to cause
 it to subside for ever.
 Forgetting many of the topics, and
 all of the heats which have heretofore
 mingled with the controversy, I shall
 strive to present the question in its ju
 ridical light, as becomes the habits of
 this tribunal. It is a question of juris
 prudence on which you are to give
 judgment. But 1 cannot forget that the
 principles of moral and of natural jus
 tice Ue at the foundation of all jurispru
 dence. Nor can any reference to these
 be inappropriate in a discussion before
 this Court.
 The great principle which is involved
 in this case, I shall first exhibit in the
 Constitution of Massachusetts, next in
RIGHT IS GF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
the legislation, and then in the judicial
 decisions. I shall then consider the
 special circumstances of this case, aao
 show the violation of the Constitution
 and laws, by the School Committee ol
 Boston, answering, before I close, souk
 of the grounds on which their conduct
 has been vindicated.
 I. I begin with tho principle, that,
 according to the spirit of American in
 stitutions, and especially of the Consti
 tution of Massachusetts, all men, «nl4-
 rmt distinction of color ot mice, ere equal
 before the law.
 I might, perhaps, leave this proposi
 tion without one word of comment.
 The equality of men will not be direct
 ly denied on this occasion, and yet it
 has been so often assailed of late, that
 trust I shall not seem to occupy your
 time superfluously in endeavoring to
 show what is understood by this term,
 when used in laws, or constitutions, or
 other political instruments. Mr. Cal
 houn, in the Senate of the United States,
 and Lord Brougham, in his recent work
 on Political Philosophy, (Part 2, c-hap.
 4.) have characterized equality as im
 possible and absurd. If they had cho
 sen to comprehend the true extent and
 application of the term, as employed on
 such occasions) something, if not all ol
 the force of their objections, would have
 been removed. That we may better
 appreciate its character and its limita
 tions, let me develop with some care the
 origin and growth of this sentiment,
 until it finally ripened into a formula of
 civil and political right.
 The sentiment of equality among men
 was early cherished by generous souls.
 It showed itself in the dreams of ancient
 philosophy. It was declared by Sene
 ca; when writing to a friend a letter ol
 consolation on death, he said, Prinui
 emim pars Equitatis tst Equalitas
 (Epist. 30.) The first part of Equity
 is Equality. But it was enunciated
 with persuasive force in the truths o.
 the Christian religion. Here we learn
 that God is no respecter of persons;
 that he is t'ie father of all; and that we
 are all his children, aui brethren to
 each other. When the Saviour taught
 the Lord’s prayer, he taught the Bub
 lime doctrine of (hr .motherhood of
 mankind, enfolding quality of men.
 Slowly did this sentiment enter the
 State. The whole .oiislitution of gov
 ernment in modern times was inconsist
 ent with it. An hereditary monarchy,
 an order of nobility, and the complex
 ranks of superiors and inferiors estab
 lished by the feudal system, all declar
 ed, not the equality, but the inequality
 of men, and they all conspired to per
 petuate this inequality. Every infant
 of royal blood, every noble, every vas
 sal, was a present example, that, what
 ever might be the truths of religion, oi
 the sentiments of the heart, men living
 under these institutions were not born
 equal.
 The boldest political reformers ol
 early times did not venture to proclaim
 this truth; nor did they truly perceive
 it. Cromwell beheaded his king, but
 caused the supreme power to be secur
 ed in hereditary succession to his eldest
 son. It was left to John Milton, in po
 etic vision, to be entranced—
 W ith fair Equality, fraternal atale.
 Sidney, who perished a martyr to libe
 ral sentiments, drew his inspiration
 from the classic, and not from the Chris
 tian fountains. The examples of Greece
 and Rome fed his soul. The Revolu
 tion of 1633, partly by force, and partly
 by the popular voice, brought a foreign
 er to the crown of Great Britain, and
 the establishment, according to the
 boast of loyal Englishmen, of the free
 dom of the land. But the Bill of RighU
 did not declare, nor did the genius ol
 Somers or Maynard conceive the polit
 ical axiom, that all men are born equal.
 It may find acceptance in our day from
 individuals in England, but it is disown
 ed by English institutions.
 It is to France that we must pass for
 the earliest development of this idea,
 for it? amplest illustration, and for its
 most complete, accurate, and logical
 expression. In the middle of the lasi
 century appeared the renowned Ency
 clopedic, edited by D’Alembert and
 Diderot. This remarkable production,
 where science, religion and govern
 ment were all discussed with a revolu
 tionary freedom, contains an article on
 Equality, which was published in 1755.
 Here we find the boldest expression
 which had then been given to this sen
 timent. “Natural Equality,” says the
 Encyclopedia, “is that which exists be
 tween all men by the constitution oi
 their nature only. This Equality is the
 principle and the foundation of liberty.
 Natural or moral equality is then found
 ed upon the constitution of human na
 ture, common to all men, who are born,
 grow, subsist, and die in the same man
 ner. Since human nature finds itsell
 the same in all men, it is clear, that ac
 cording to nature’s law, each ought to
 esteem and treat the others as beings
 who are naturally equal to himself; that
 is to say, who are men as well ss him
 self.” It is then remarked, that politi
 cal and civil slavery is in violation of
 this equality: and yet there is a recog
 nition of the inequalities of nobility in
 the state. Alluding to these, it is sim
 l ly said, that those who are mast eleva
 ted above others, ought to treat their
 inferiors at being naturally their equals,
 shunning all outrage, and demaoding
 nothing btyond what is due, and de
 manding with humanity that which is
 moit incontestably their due.
 When we consider the period et
 which this article was written, we shell
 be astonished less at its incompleteness
 and vagueness, than by its bravery and
 generosity. The dissolute despotism of
 Louis XV. overshadowed France,—
ROCHESTER N. Y.; FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1850.
Selfish nobles and fawning courtier
 filled the royal antechambers. Th&lt;
 councils of Government were controlle*
 by royal mistresses. Only a few year
 before, in 1751, the King bad founded
 in defiance of the principles of equalit
 —but in entire harmony with the con
 duct of the School Committee in Bos
 ton—a military school, for nobles only
 carrying into education the distinctioi
 of Caste. At such n fwaM sbwdKnsy
 etopedie did wetl in utnfrfng such Tm
 port ant and effective truth. The senli
 tnent of eqeality was here fully declared.
 Nor could it be expected at that earl}
 day that it should adequately perceive,
 or if it perceived, that it should dare tc
 utter, our axiom of liberty, that all mei.
 are born equal in civil and political
 rights.
 It is thus with the history of all moral
 and political ideas. First appearing
 merely as a sentiment, they animate
 those who receive them with a nobit
 impulse, filling them with generous
 sympathies, and encouraging them to
 congenial efforts. Slowly recognized,
 they fihally pass into a formula to be
 acted upon, to be applied, to be defend
 ed in tho concerns of life.
 Almost contemporaneously with this
 article in the Encyclopedia, our atten-,
 tion is arrested by a solitary person,'
 poor, of humble extraction, born in
 Geneva, in Switzerland, of irregulai
 education and life, a wanderer from hi*|
 birth-place, enjoying a temporary home
 in France, —a man of audacious genius,
 who set at naught the received opinions
 of mankind, Jean Jacques Rousseau.
 His earliest appearance before the pub
 lic, was by an eccentric Essay on the
 Origin of Inequality among Men, in
 which he sustained the irrational para
 dox, that men are happier in a state of
 nature than under the laws of civiliza
 tion. This was followed by a later
 work, the Contrat Social. In both of
 ihese productions, the sentiment of fi
 nality was invoked against many of the
 abuses of society, and language wa«
 employed going far beyond equality in
 :ivil and political rights. The conspic
 uous position that has been awarded to
 he speculations of Rousseau, and the
 nfluence which they have exerted in
 Jiffusing this sentimeut, make it proper
 o refer to them on this occasion; but
 he absence of precision in his proposi
 ions renders him an uncertain guide.
 The French Revolution was now at
 land. This great movement for en-
 Vanchisement was the expression of
 his sentiment. Here it received a dis
 inct and authoritative enunciation.—
 n the constitutions of government
 vhich were successively adopted,
 imidst the throes of bloody struggles,
 he equality oi men was constantly pro
 claimed. King, nobles, and all distinc
 ions, passed away before this mighty
 md triumphant truth.
 Look at these constitutions, and see
 it once the grandeur of the principle,
 md the manner in which it was explain
 ed and illustrated. The Constitution
 if 1791 declares in its first article as
 ollows: “Men are born and continue
 ree and equal in their rights In its
 lixth article it says: “The law is the
 expression of the general will. It ought
 o be the same for all, whether it pro
 ects or punishes. All citizens being
 qual in its eyes, are equally admissabU
 o all dignities, places, and public em
 iloyments, according to their capacity,
 md uiithout other distinctions than their
 'irtues and talents.” At the close of
 he Declaration of Rights there is this
 urther explanation of it: “The Nation
 il Assembly, wisning to establish the
 French constitution on principles which
 t has just acknowledged and declared,
 ibolishes irrevocably the institutions which
 founded liberty and equality of rights.
 There is no longer, neither nobility,
 lor peerage,nor hereditary distinctions,
 lor distinction of order, nor feudal rule,
 tor patrimonial justices, nor any titles,
 lenominations and prerogatives, which
 vere then derived, nor anv order of
 chivalry, nor any corporations or deco
 rations, for which proofs of nobility are
 required, or which supposed distinc
 :ions of birth, nor any other superiority
 :han that of public functionaries in the
 discharge of their functions.
 There is no longer, for any part of the
 nation, nor for any individual, any priv
 ilege or exception to the law common to
 nil Frenchmen Monsieur, 1791, Mo.
 250.
 In fitful mood another Declaration of
 Rights was brought forward by Con
 dorcet, Feb. 15,1793. Here also are
 fresh inculcations of the equality of
 men. Article Ist, places Equality
 among the natural, civil and political
 rights of man. Article 7th declares:
 Equality consists in this, that each can
 enjoy the same rights.” Article Bth:
 “The law ought to be equal for all,
 whether it recompense, or punish, or
 repress. Article 9th: “All citizens
 are admissable to all public places, em
 ployments, and functions. Free people
 cannot know other motives of preference
 than talents and virtues. Article 23d:
 “Instruction is the need of all, and so
 ciety owes it equally to all its members.”
 Article 32d: “There is oppression
 when the law violates the natural, civil,
 and' political rights which it ought to
 guarantee. There ie oppression when
 a law is violated by public functiona
 ries in its application to individual
 facta. "—Monsieur, 1793, Mo. 49.
 Next came the Cooetitutien of June,
 1793. This announces in its second
 article, that the natural and imprescrip
 tible rights of men are Equality lib
 erty, eafety, property.” And in the
 next article it shows what is meant by
 Equality. It save, “All men are equal
 by nature, and bsfot* the law.” (Mon
 iteur, 1798, Mo, 178.) Here we first
meet this form of dentition. At a late
 day, after France bad passed througl
 an unprecedented series of political vi
 eissitudes, in iorae of which the i ighti
 of Equality had been trampled undei
 foot, when, at the revolution of 1830
 Louis Philippe eras called to a “thron*
 surrounded by republican institutions,’
 tire «b»rtet wllteh y then promulga
 be their titles or ranks.”
 While recognizing this peculiar
 enunciation of the equality of men as
 more specific and satisfactory than the
 naked statement that all men are born
 equal, it is impossible not to be remind*
 ed that this form of speech finds its pro*
 totype in the ancient Greek language.
 In the history of Herodotus, we are
 told that “the government of the man)
 lias the most beautiful name of isono
 mia"—or equality before the law. (Book
 3, 80.) Thus this remarkable lan
 guage, by its comprehensiveness and
 flexibility, in an age when equality be
 fore the law was practically unknown,
 nevertheless supplied a single word,
 which is not to be found in modern
 tongues, to express an idea which has
 been practically recognized only in
 modern times. Such a word in our
 own language, as a substitute for E
 quality, might have superseded some of
 the criticism to which this political doc
 trine has been exposed.
 After this review, the way is now
 prepared to consider the nature of E
 quality, as secured by the Constitution
 of Massachusetts. The Declaration of
 Independence, which was put forth af
 ter the French Encyclopedia, and the
 political writings of Rousseau, places
 among self-evident truths this proposi
 tion, “that all men are created equal,
 and that they are endowed by the Cre
 ator with certain unalienable rights;
 that among these are life, liberty, and
 the pursuit of happiness.” The Con
 stitution of Massachusetts repeats the
 same idea in a different form. In the
 first article it says: All men are bom
 ?ree and equal, and have certain natural,
 essential, and unalienable rights, among
 which may be reckoned the right of en
 oying and defending their lives and
 iberties.” The sixth section further
 &gt;xplaltis the doctrine of Equality. It
 lays: —“JVb man, nor corporation, or
 issociation of men, have any other title lo
 tbtaiu advantages, or particular and ex
 •tusire privileges, distinct from those of
 he community, than what arises from the
 otmderatian of services rendered to the
 mblic; and this title being in nature
 leither hereditary, nor transmissahle to
 :hildren, or descendants, or relations
 &gt;y blood, the idea of a man being horn
 i magistrate, law-giver, or judge, is
 ibsurd and unnatural.” The language
 lere employed, in its natural insignifi
 :ance, condemns every form of inequal
 ty, in civil and political institutions.
 Though these declarations preceded,
 n point of time, the ampler declarations
 if France, they may, if necessary, be
 mnstrued in the light of the latter. It
 s evident that they aim to declare sub
 stantially the same things. They are
 leclarations of Rights, and the language
 imployed, though general in its char
 icter, is obviously to be restrained to
 hose matters which are within the de
 ign and sphere of a declaration of
 lights. It is a childish sophism to ad
 luce in argnment against them the phy
 sical or mental inequalities by which
 nen are characterized.
 It is a palpable truth that men are
 lot born equal in physical strength, or
 n mental capacities; in beauty of form
 &gt;r health of body. Diversity or ine
 juality, in these respects, is the law of
 reation. From this difference springs
 livine harmony. But this inequality is
 n no particular inconsistent with the
 nost complete civil and political equal
 ty-
 The equality which was declared by
 &gt;ur fathers in 1776, and which was
 nade the fundamental law of Massa
 chusetts in 1780, was equality before the
 aw. -Its object was to efface all politi
 cal or civil distinctions, and to abolish
 ill institutions founded upon birth. “All
 nen are created equal,” says the Dec
 aration of Independence. “All men
 ire 6om free and equal,” says the Maa
 ischusetts Bill of Rights. These are
 not vain words. Within the sphere of
 heir influence no person can be crea
 ted no person can be 6om, with civil
 ur political privileges, not enjoyed e
 jually by all his fellow-citizens, nor
 can any institution be es.ablished re
 cognizing any distinctions of birth.—
 This is the Great Charter of every per
 son who draws his vital breath upon
 this soil, whatever may be his condition,
 and whoever may be his parents. He
 may be poor, weak, humble, black—he
 may be of Caucasian, of Jewish, of In
 dian, or of Ethiopian race—he may be
 i»f French, of German, of English, of
 Irish extraction—but before the Con
 stitution of Massachusetts all these dis
 tinctions disappear. He is not poor,
 or weak, or bumble, or black—nor
 Caucasian, nor Jew, nor Indian, nor
 Ethiopian—nor French, dot German,
 nor English, nor Irish he is a man,
 the equal of all his fellow men. He
 is one of the children of the State,
 which, Ike an impartial parent, re
 gards all its oflspriag with an equal
 care. To some it may justly allot bigh
 er duties, according to their higher ca
 pacities, but it welcomes all to its equal,
 hospitable board. The State imitating
 the divine justice, is no respeet*r
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL WE ARE BRETHREN.
ish every form of discrimination foun
 i ded on birth.
 Quamvig ill 3 nigei, &lt;juamvU tu candidu* cue*.
 11. I now pass to the second stage
 of this argument, and ask attention tc
 this proposition. The legislature ol
 Massachusetts, in entire harmony with
 the Constitution, has made no discrim
 nation of color or race, in the establish
 ment of Public Schools.
 If discrimination were made by the
 laws, they would be unconstitutional
 and void. But the legislature of Mass
 achusetts has been too just and gener
 ous, too mindful of the Bill of Rights,
 to establish any such privilege of birth.
 The language of the statutes is gener
 al, and applies epually to all children,
 of whatever color or race.
 The provisions of the law regulating
 this subject are entitled, Of the Public
 Schools. (Revised Statutes, chap 23.)
 It is to these that we must look in or
 der to ascertain what constitutes a Pub
 lic School. None can be legally such
 which are not established in conformity
 with the law. They may, in point ol
 fact, be more or less public; yet, ii
 they do not come within the terms ol
 the law, they do not form a part of the
 beautiful system of our public schools—
 they are not public schools.
 It is important, then, to examine
 these terms. The first section provides
 that in “every town containing fifty
 families, or householders, there shall
 be kept in each year, at the charge el
 the town, by a teacher or teachers ol
 competent ability and good morals, one
 school for the instruction of children in
 Orthography, Reading, Writing, Eng
 lish Grammar, Geography, Arithmetic
 and Good Behavior, for the term of six
 months, or two or more such schools
 for the terms of time that shall together
 be equivalent to six months.” The 2d,
 3d, and 4th sections provide for the
 number of such schools to be kept in
 other tov ns having more thpn five hun
 dred inhabitants. The language here
 employed does not recognize any dis
 crimination of color or race. Thus in
 every town, whether there be one or
 more schools, they are all to be
 “schools for the instruction of children
 generally—not children of auy particu
 lar class* or color, or raee, but chil
 dren, —meaning the children of the
 town where the schools are.
 The sth and 6th sections provided
 for the establishment, in certain cases,
 of a school, in which additional studies
 ure to be pursued, “which shall be
 kept for the benefit of all the inhabitants
 of the town.” Here the language not
 only does not recognize any discrimi
 nation among the children, but seems
 directly to exclude it.
 In conformity with these sections is
 the peculiar phraseology of the me
 morable law of the Colonies in 1647,
 founding public schools, “tothe end
 that learning be not buried in the
 graves of our forefateers.” This law
 obliged towns having fifty families
 forthwith to appoint one,” within the
 limits “to teach all such* children as
 ihall resort to him, to write and read.
 [Ancient charters, 186.)
 It is on this legislation that the pub
 lic schools of Massachusetts have been
 reared. The clause of the Revised
 Statutes (chap. 23) and the statute
 (1838, chap. 154) appropriating small
 ■urns, in the nature of a contribution,
 out of the school fund for the support
 of common schools among the Indians,
 do not interfere with this system. These
 partake of the anomalous character of
 all the legislation with regard to the In
 dians of this Commonwealth. It does
 not appear, however, that any separate
 schools are established by law among
 the Indians, nor that the Indians are in
 any way excluded from the public
 schools in their neighborhood.
 I conclude from this examination,
 that there is but one kind of public
 school established by the laws of Mas
 sachusetts. This is the general public
 school, free to all the inhabitants.—
 T. ere is nothing in these laws estab
 lishing any exclusive or separate school
 for any particular class, whether rich
 or poor, whether Catholic or Protest
 ant, whether white or black. In the
 eye of the law there is but one class, in
 which all interests, opinions, conditions,
 and colors, commingle in harmony—
 excluding none, comprehending all.
 From the legislation ofthe Common
 wealth, I pass to the adjudication of
 the Courts.
 [To be Continued.]
 A Numerous Ancestry.- Fowler,
 the Phrenologist, in his work entitled
 ‘Hereditary Descent,’ says that every
 human being on the face of the globe
 is compelled, from a demand in nature,
 to have two parents, four grand parents,
 eight great grand parents, sixteen an
 cestors of the fourth generation back,
 thirty-two of the fifth, two hundred and
 fifty-six of the eighth, thirty-two thou
 sand seven hundred and sixty-eight of
 the fifteenth, almost one million and
 fifty thousand of the twentieth, and
 nearly one thousand seventy-three mil
 lion of the thirtieth generation. The
 whole number of every one’s ancestors
 for fifty generations, amounts to two
 thousand three hundred and sixty-tour
 billions, seventeen hundred and forty
 nine thousand nine hundred and four
 teen millions, two hundred and fourteen
 wr
 running in the veina of ovary living
 mortal, and that, reckoning baeifimlj f
 fifty generations!
I From the National Et&lt;i.
 NEW YORK AND SLAVERY EX
 TENSION.
 Governor Fish, of New York, dr
 votes a large portion of bis messag
 to the discussion of the Slavery Que
 tion. He lays down some s.iund prin
 ciples, and shows ample reasons foi
 resistance to the extension of Slavery
 But, after a careful search, we cpi
 find no distinct recognition of tb&lt;
 power and duty of Congress to prohibii
 by positive enactment Slavery in itu
 Territories. He insists that the Ter
 ritories are /ree—-that the Mexican Jae
 excluding Slavery therefrom is still in
 force—that New York cannot give hei
 assent, and Congress ought not to give
 its sanction to the extension of Slavery
 into them—and that California, having
 organized a State Government, inter
 dicting Slavery, ought to be admitted
 into the Union. These positions em
 brace the entire practical ground taken
 by Governor Fish, which is de
 fined in hia own language:;
 “The people of California have re
 cently taken initial steps toward ad
 mission into the Union as a sovereign
 State. By the Constitution which they
 have adopted, they have embodied in
 their organic law the prohibition o(
 slavery or involuntary servitude. And
 a petition was presented to Congress,
 during the past winter, in behalf of a
 portion of the people of New Mexico,
 asking for the establishment of a Ter
 ritorial Government, which should pro
 tect them against the institution ol
 domestic Slavery. The voice of the
 people of California has thus been ex
 pressed in favor of freedom; and there
 is little room for doubt that New Mex
 ico sympathizes in sentiment with
 California. Congress cannot, without
 a transgression of its constitutional
 powers, estoblish Slavery within this
 Territory; nor can it, without the viol
 ation of the principles of justice, and
 an utter disregard of the wishes of the
 people, and of the protection which it
 is bound to extend over the territory to
 which it has acquired the title, refuse
 admission to the new State, or coun
 tenance or sanction in any way, the
 introduction of Slavery within the ter
 ritory. And without the sanction and
 the assent of Congress, these newly
 acquired territories are secured to
 freedom, and must remain, as they
 now are, exempt from the institution of
 Slavery. The emphatic voice of the
 Legislature of the State of New York,
 expressed in the resolutions passed al
 their last two sessions, and the nearly
 unanimous sentiment of the people ol
 our State, have declared that, under
 no circumstances will their assent be
 given to the extension of Slavery into
 these territories, from which it is now
 excluded.”
 Examine carefully these paragraphs,
 and you find no affirmation or recogni
 tion of the right and duty of Congress
 to interdict Slavery. The burthen of
 them is, that these territories are
 already secured to Freedom, and that
 Congress cannot, without a transgres
 sion of its constitutional powers, sanc
 tion or countenance in any way the
 introduction of Slavery therein.
 Well—this is the ground of General
 Cass—the ground of non-intervention
 —nothing more, nothing less. The
 Slaveholders have no dispute with
 Governor Fish, for they do not ask|
 that Congress sanction or countenance'
 the introduction of Slavery into the
 Territories—all they demand is, that it
 abstain from any positive interdiction,
 and this the Governor does not claim,
 or even allude to as right or expedient.
 The resolutions proposed in the
 Senate of New York, by Mr. Geddes,
 “the able and faithful Whig Senator
 from Onondaga,” as the Tribune styles
 him, are marked by the same fatal de
 fect. The first recognises the duty of
 Congress to pass a law to suppress the
 slave trade in the District of Columbia.
 The second recognises the duty, not of
 ¥&gt;sitive interdiction of Slavery in the
 erritories, but merely of resistance
 to its extension by all constitutional
 measure*” without specifying whether
 the Constitution authorizes positive
 prohibition—and instructs the New
 York Senators in Congress—not to
 vote for the Wilmot Proviso, or to uee
 their efforts to procure the passage of
 a law prohibiting Slavery in the terri
 toritories, but—merely to resist all at
 tempts to yield to Slavery any part of
 the territories, however small, and by
 whateaer pretence of compromise.
 Mr. Dickinson would be greatly re
 lieved by the passage of such a reso
 lution He coaid pursue precisely the
 course he has always pursued, without
 his instructions. He could
 vote against the introduction of the
 Wilmiot Proviso in any territorial bill,
 without transgressing one jot or tittle
 of his instructions. In fact, this se
 cond resolution may receive the sup
 port of every Hunker in the legislature
 without thereby subjecting himself to
 the charge of inconsistency.
 We regard the resolutions as inten
 tionally evasive, and cannot believe
 that a majority of the members will
 countenance such an attempt to impose
 sound for substance upon the people.
 Resolved, (if the Assembly con
 cur,) That as the Federal Constitution
 was formed and adapted expressly to
 secure the blessings of liberty to the
 people of the United Steles and their
 posterity, our Senators in Congress
 are hereby wsTaucTxn, and our Re
 presentatives are requested to use their
 best efforts to procure the passage of
 laws that will effectually tod forever
 M Resolved, (if the Assembly con-
WHOLE NO. 110.
cur,) That the determination indicated
 by the Governor’s Messages apd the
 resolutions of the Legislatures of the
 rarious'of the alaveholding States, and
 by the Representatives of such elected
 in Congress, to extend domestic Sla
 very over the Territory acquired by
 the late treaty of peace with the Re
 public of Mexico, we feel bound to op
 pose by all constitutional means—and
 'Hir Senators in Caogreas are hereby
 instructed sod our Representatives re
 quested to resist all attempt**? yield
 to Slavery any part of such territory,
 however small, and by whatever pre
 tence of compromise.
 Resolved, (if the Assembly con
 cur,) That the territory lying between
 the Neuces and the Rio Grande and
 that part of Mexico lying east of the
 Rio Grande is the common property of
 the United States, and that our Sena
 tors in Congress are instructed and
 our Representatives are requested to
 use their best efforts to preserve the
 same as such common property, and to
 protect it from the unfounded claims of
 the State of Texas, and prohibit the
 extension over it of the laws of Texas.
 ResolveU, (it the Assembly con
 cur,) that the Legislature of the State
 of New York has learned with great
 satisfaction that the people of Califor
 nia have adopted a Constitution which
 is entirely in accordance with the spirit
 of the free institutions of our country,
 and our Senators in Congress are
 hereby instructed, and our Represent
 atives requested to aid in the passage
 of such laws as may be necessary to
 admit that State into the Union.
 Resolved, (if the Assembly con
 cur,) That the Governor be requested
 to forward copies of the foregoing res
 olutions to each of our Senators and
 Representatives in Congress.”
 MR. COBDEN AND THE AUS
 TRIANS. J
 Mr. Cobden has addressed the fol
 lowing letter to Dr. Alexander Bach,
 the Austrian Minister of Home Affairs:
 Sir, I address you not as a member
 of the Austrian Government, but as a
 man whose enlightened and liberal sen
 timents made a lasting impression on
 me when I had the pleasure of your ac
 quaintance at Vienna. You will find an
 excuse for this step in the fact of my ta
 king it in the interest of those princi
 ples of humanity and civilization which
 in those days were cherished 4 by you
 as well as me. Mindful of the views
 which in 1847 recomended me to your
 kind notice, I cannot induce myself to
 believe that these views will find in you
 a less energetic advocate at the pres
 ent, than you were in the days to which
 I allude.
 Sir, the public opinion of my country
 is shocked by the cold-blooded cruelties
 which are being practised against the
 fallen ehiefs of the Hungarians. This
 feeling is not confined to one class or to
 to one party; no! there is not a single
 man in England who by word or letter
 would defend the conduct of the Aus
 trian Government in Hungaiy. The
 sense of the civilized nations of the
 continent of Europe on this question
 must already have reached you, nor
 will the judgement of America fail to
 make itself known in Vienna. You
 are too enlightened to be ignorant oftho
 fact the unanimous verdict of our con
 temporaries is likewise that of posterity.
 But did it ever strike you that history
 will not accuse the brutal soldier—-the
 tool of cruelty—but the Ministers, who
 are responsible for that soldier’s crimes?
 1 scorn to appeal to lower motives than
 those of an honorable ambition; but I
 must ask you; die it ever strike you
 what dangers surround your present ca
 reer? You, who are so well read in
 English history, ought to reirember
 that four years after Jeffreys’ 14 bloody
 assizes,” both he and his royal master
 were compelled most wretchedly to fly
 from the avenging hand of justice. Or
 do you think our time allows the pub
 lic conscience to be scorned with impu
 nity? Is it not, on the contrary, th# pe
 culiar feature of our time that reaction
 follows at the heels of any violence, no
 matter whether it proceeds from the na
 tions or from the Governments?
 But I fear I take too great liberty
 by offering to speak in the interest of
 your reputation or safety. I appeal to
 you in the name of humanity, entreat
 ing you to put a stop to this new reign
 of terror, which, not satisfied with the
 'I butchery of its victims, puts all better
 l and nobler feelings of mankind on the
 rack: for truly the world is too far ad
 vanced in civilization to suffer your Al
 bas and Haynaus. I adjure you to
 to make a public protest againrt the
 butchery of prisoners, the still more
 disgraceful whipping of women, and the
 abduction and incarceration of chil
 dren; and thus to rid yourself of all re
 sponsibility for actions which might im
 print upon their aHthor the stigma of
 everlasting infamy.
 I am, sir, your most obedient servant
 RICHARD COBDEN,
 1
 Railwat Employees in England.
 —The somber of miles of railroad in
 England, now open for traffic, is about
 4,25®, and the number of miles in th*
 course of construction is about 3000.
 The number of persons employed upon
 the open lines is 68,688, according to
 the last Parliamentary retorn; and the
 number employed upon the uoeom
 pteted lines 188,177. Total, *O,
 III. »it
 W. tav, Urdl^
"
