"iJoctra.
Friend Douglass: The following poem. b;
 Ruth Ana Rice, not only in point of merit, epenki
 for itself, but apeak* for the slam. Thy own ex
 perience aa a slave, will accord with the senti
 ment here expressed. The writer i* now in het
 grave. Thia waa her last production.
 L. MilllTT.
 A SKETCH.
 The apir t-eyea of Wight are looking down
 From their far liotne upon the sunny South—
 The land of lovely skies and orange bowers;
 And through tlie bright green of its lemon groves,
 Flit birds of gorgeous dyes, and fragrant flowers
 Are there in number like our forest leaves;
 And all of beautiful that thia fair earth
 Can picture forth to glad its children’s eyes.
 ’Tie the soft evening hour, and yon proud ball
 Is lighted up for a gay festive scene:
 A bright ariay of pride and beauty there,
 And gushing music, fairy forms, and eyes
 Whose starry light doth shame the diamond’i
 gleam,
 And song and dance, and all that meets our gaie
 In halls of fashion, heartlessness and pride.
 ’Tis in the South, the bright, free, boasted land
 Of a most noble chivalryyet now
 Within the sound of their gay mirth, their slave,
 Their victim, stands —a sable brow is bowed
 In anguish tneie, leaning against yon tree,
 With folded arm*, and with despairing eyes,
 With a sad voice the slave poured forth his wrongs:
 Yes! I must live and die
 That wretched tiling, a wronged and slighted slave
 Without one hope but that of the lone grave,
 And yon fair holy sky.
 Which looks to me a* pure as to the eyes
 Of those whose haughty souls iny woes despise.
 And I must be a slave.
 And pine in chains beneath the very sight
 Of yon sweet moon and holy stars, whose light
 To my love eyes He gave
 As equally as to the man who waves
 Signs of command above a thousand slaves.
 I must pine in sit very’s chains,
 While the soft wind is fanning brow and cheek,
 And its low soothing voice doth seem to speak
 Of freedom, and the stains
 That darkly, foully tiuge the coward soul
 That will not burst these bonds, and spurn control
 Oh! moon, and stars, and wind,
 Visions from Spirit land, aud all things free,
 I bow to your sweet power, and question ye,
 From my love-darkened mind,
 If ’tis not kindred w ith yet if the bliss
 Of your bright home wears out the woes of dust
 1 know I should be free—
 For when I gate upon the holy skies,
 Wild hopes, bright fancies and dim visions rise,
 Which tell me I might be
 (If not a slave) mate to the loftiest mind
 Of him who bends his powers to enslave his kind
 It is not wealth I crave,
 Nor all the pomp and power my master wields
 O’er mansions fair, and hills, and wide extender
 fields,
 And lordship o’er the slave:
 ’Tis but for freedom fr&lt; m that master’s task—
 Oh Qod! ’tis but for freedom that I ask!
 I will be Freedom’s child,
 For she is ever with me in my dreams,
 And roves with me by rocks, and hills, and streams
 And all things fiee and wild.
 1 will not live a wretched, hopeless slave,
 While there’s an arm to strike, or room for on&lt;
 tone grave!”
 The fine proud form of Afric’s son was drawn
 To its majestic beigtu Ills full daik eye
 Flashed with indignant fire at all the wrongs
 Bestowed on h m, a scorned and trampled slave;
 And his clenched hand showed forth the dagger’,
 gleam,—
 For dark despair had rouse 1 his soul to deeds
 Of direful vengeance But there came a sound
 So soft, so low, so like the sib ery voice
 Of his loved Naidah, that he almost deemed
 Her soul had ieft ihe African’s far heaven,
 To cheer his heart with her sweet spirit voice.
 A holy light seemed spreading round, and then
 Before his lone mind’s eye a vision gleamed
 Of future days. There was a sunny hue,
 A loveliness, a halo of pure bliss,
 Spreading o’er all ihe earth. A ray, a gleam
 From the far hone of Spirits, seemed to light
 Up every heart with that pure kindness,
 Which man should ever show his brother man.
 He saw the parted friends of his wronged race
 Rush to each other's arms with bliss and joy;
 The husband met again his long lost wife,
 The pireut his loved child; the sister wept
 Iu her free brother’s arms, and all mankind
 Were free, with none to injure or oppress.
 The slave had watclied the sweet, bright vision
 pass,
 Lighting bis weary mind with hopes that bade
 Him yet live on to see its bright fulfilment;
 And lie went forth again to his hard task,
 With an unfaltering soul and patient hope.
.miscellaneous.
 II AH CHEN OF UDORF,
 Near the hamlet of Udorf, on the
 banks of the Rhine, nqt far from Bonn,
 there yet stands the mil) which was the
 seene of the following adventure:
 One Sunday morning, the miller and
 his family set out as usual to attend
 church at the nearest church in the
 village ol Heasel, leaving the mill, to
 which the dwelling house was attach
 ed, in charge of his servant maid
 Hanchen,, a bold-hearted girl, who
 bad been some time in his service. The
 youngest child, w ho was still too little
 to go to church, remained also under
 her care.
 As Hanchen was busily engaged,
 preparing dinner for the family, she
 was interrupted by a visit from her
 admirer, Heinrich Battlehen; he was
 an idle, graceless fellow, and her mas
 ter, who knew his character well, had
 forbidden him the house; but Hanchen.
 could not believe all the stories she
 had heard against her lover, and was J
 sincerely attached to him. On thixco
 casion she greeted him kindly, and not
 ouiy got him something to eat at once,
 but iound time in the midst ot her busi
 ness to sit down and have a gossip with
 biro, while be did justice to the fare set
 before him. As he was eating he let j
 fall hit knife, which he askrd her to j
 pick up for him; she playfully remon-|
 strated, telling biin she feared, from
 all she heard, he did little enough work,
 and ought at least to wait on himself:
 in the end, however, she stooped down
 to pick up the knife, when the treach
 erous villain drew a dagger from under
 his coat, and caught her by the nape of
 the neck, griping her throat firmly with
 his fingers to prevent her 'screaming;
 then, with an oath, he desired her to
 tell him where her master kept his
 money, threatening to kill her if she
 did not comply with his demand. The
 surprised and terrified girl in vain at
 tempted to parley with him; he sill
 held her tightly in his choking grasp,
 leering her no other choice but to die
 or betray her muter. She saw there
I was do hope of softening him or chang
 ing his purpose, and with a full con
 viction of bis treachery, all her native
 courage woke in her bosom. Affect
 ing, however, to yield to what was in
 evitable, she answered him, in a re
 signed tone, that what must, be must be;
 only, if he carried oft* her master’s gold,
 he must take her with him too; for she
 could never stay to hear thiir suspicions
 and reproaches, entreating him at the
 same time to relax his grasp of her
 throat, for she could hardly speak,
 much less do what he bid her, while he
 held her so tight. At length he was
 induced to quit bis hold, on her re
 minding him that he must lose no time
 or the family would be returning from
 church. She then led the way to her
 master’s bed-room, and showed him
 the coffer where he kept his money.
 “Here,” she said, reaching to him
 an axe, which lay in a corner of the
 room, “you can open it with this, while
 1 run up stairs to put all my thmga to
 gether, besides the money I have saved
 I since I have been here.”
 j Completely deceived by her apparent
 readiness to enter into his plans, he
 allowed her to leave the room, only
 exhorting her to be ns quick as possi
 ble, and was immediately absorbed in
 his own operations; first opening The
 box, and then disposing of the money
 about his person. In the meanwhile,
 Hanchen, instead of going up stairs to
 her own room, crept softly along sev
 eral passages till she again reached her
 master’s chamber. It was the work ol
 a moment to shut and bolt the door
 upon him; and this done she rushed to
 the outer door of the mill to give the
 alarm. The only being in sight was
 her master’s little boy, a child of five
 years old; to him she called with all
 her might, “Run, run to meet your fa
 ther as he comes from church; tell
 him we shall all be murdered if he does
 not come back.” The frightened child
 did as she bid hiui, and set off running
 on the road she pointed out.
 Somewhat relieved by seeing that
 the child understood her, and would
 make her case known, she sat down foi
 a moment on the stone seat before the
 door, and, full of conflicting emotions
 of grief and thankfulness for her es
 cape, she burst into tears. But at this
 moment a shrill whistle aroused her
 attention; it was from her prisonei
 Heinrich, who, opening the grated win
 dow above her head, shouted to some
 accomplice without to catch the child
 that was running away so fast and tc
 kill the girl. Hanchen lookejl around
 in great alarm, but saw no one. The
 child still continued to run with all hit
 might, and she hoped that it was but e
 false alarm to excite and overcome hei
 resolution; when, just as the chile
 reached a hollow in the next field (a
 channel of a natural drain,) she saw a
 ruffian start up from the bed of the
 drain, and, snatching up the child in
 his arms, hasten with him towards th«
 j mill, in accordance with the direction!
 j of his accomplice. In a moment sht
 perceived the full extent of her danger
 and formed her plan for escaping it.
 Retreating into the mill, she double
 looked nnd bolted the (lour, the only
 apparent entrance into the building
 every other means of obvious accesi
 being prevented by strong iron grat
 ings fixed up against all the windows,
 and then took post at the upper case
 ment, determined to await patiently hei
 master’s return and her consequent de
 livery from that dangerous position, 01
 her own death, if indeed inevitable—
 for she was fully resolved to enter into
 no terms, and that nothing should in
 duce her to give up her master’s pro
 perty into the robber’s hands.—She
 had hardly time to secure hersell in her
 retreat, when the ruffian holding the
 screaming child in his arms, and
 brandishing a knife in one hand, came
 up, and bid her open the door, or he
 would break it down, adding many aw
 ful oaths and threats; to which her only
 answer was that she put her trust in
 God. Heinrich, who from his window
 wa9 witness of this colloquy, now called
 out to cut the child’s throat before her
 eyes if she still persisted in her refusal.
 Poor Hanchen’s heart quailed at this
 horrible threat, but only for a moment.
 The death of the child could be no
 gain to them, while her own death was
 I certain if she admitted the assailant,
 and her master too would be robbed.
 She had no reason either to suppose
 that her compliance would save the life
 of the child. It was to risk all agniast
 nothing, and she resolved to hold out
 to the last, though the villain from
 without renewed his threats, saying
 that if she would not open the door to
 him, he would kill the child, and then
 set fire to the mill over her head. “I
 put my trust in God,” was still the
 poor girl’s answer.
 In the meanwhile the ruffian set
 down the child, for a moment to look
 about for combustibles to carry out his
 threat. In this search he discovered a
 mode of entering the mill unthought of
 by Hanchen. It was a large aperture
 i in the wall communicating with the
 great wheel and the other machinery of
 the mill: and it was a point entirely un
 protected, for it had never been con
 templated that any one would seek to
 enter by so dangerous an inlet. Trium
 phant at this discovery, he returned to
 tie the hauds and feet of the poor child
 to prevent its escape, and then stole
 back to the aperture by which be in
 tended to effect an entrance. The situa
 tion of the building prevented Hanchen
 seeing any thing of this, but a thought
 had inrauwhUe struck her. It was
 Sunday, when the mill was never at
 work; if, therefore, the sails were set
 in motion the whole neighborhood
 would know that something unusual
 was the matter, and her master especi
 ally hasten home to know the
 meaning of anything so strange.
 Beiug all her life accustomed to the
 machinery of the mill, it was the work
 of a moment to set it all in motion-—a
 brisk breeze, which, sprung up at once,
 set the sails flying. The arms of the
 huge engine whirled round with fear
 ful rapidity; the great wheel slowly
 revolved on its axis; the smaller gear
 turned, and creaked, and groaned ac
 cording as the machinery came into
 action; the mill w%s in full operation.
 It was at this moment that the ruffian
 intruder had succeeded in squeezing
 himself through the aperture in the
 well, and getting himself safely lodged
 in the inteior of the great drum wheel.
 His dismay,-however, was indescrib
able when he began to be whirled about
 with it* rotation, and found that all bis j
 efforts to put a atop to the powerful
 machinery which set it in motion, or
 extricate himself from this perilous,
 situation were fruitless.—ln hi# terror
 he uttered shrieks and horrible impre
 cations. Astonished at the noise,
 Hanchen went to the spot, saw liim
 caught like a rat in his own trap, from
 which it was no part of her plan to,
 liberate him. She knew he would he
 more frightened -than hurt if he kept
 within his rotary prison without any
 rash attempts at escape,' and that even
 if he became insensible he could not
 fall out of it.
 In the meane tim the wheel went
 raund and round with its steady, un
 ceasing motion; and round and round
 he weut with it, while sense remained,
 beseeching Hanchen with entreaties,
 promises, and wild, impatient threats,
 which were all equally disregarded,
 till by degrees feeling and perception
 tailed him, and he heard and saw no
 more. He fell senseless at the bottom
 of the engine, but even then his inani
 mate body continued to be whirled
 round as before; for Hanchen did not
 dare trust appearances in such a vil
 lain, and would not venture to suspend
 the working of the mill, or stop the
 mill gear and tackle from running at
 their fullest speed.
 At length she heard a loud knocking
 at the door, and flew to open it. It was
 her master and his family, accompanied
 by several ot his neighbors, all in the
 utmost consternation and wonder at
 seeing the mill-sail in full swing on a
 Sunday, and still more so when they
 found the poor child lying bound on the
 grass, who, however was too terrified
 to give any account of what had hap
 pened. Hanciien in a few words, told
 all; and then her spirit, which had sus
 tained her through such scenes of
 terror, gave way under the sense ol
 safety and relief, and she fell fainting
 in their arms, and was with much dif
 ficulty recovered.—The machinery ol
 the mill was at once stopped, and the
 inanimate ruffian dragged from his
 dreadful prison. Heinrich, too, war
 brought foith from the miller's cham
 ber, and both were in a short time sent
 bound under a strong escort to Bonn,
 where they soon after met the reward
 of their crimes.
 The story of this extraordinary act of
 presence of mind concludes by telling
 us that Hanchen, thus effectually cnred
 of her penchant for her unworthy suitor,
 became eventually the wife of the mil
 ler's eldest son, and thus lived all her
 life in the scene ofher imminent danger
 and happy deliverance. —London paper.
HORRIBLE ADVENTURE.
 1 Extract of a letter from Kirkee near
 1 Ponnall.—The writer having been out
 shooting l&amp;y down to rest under a tree,
 1 when suddenly he was aroused by the
 furious haying of his dogs. On turn
 -1 mg around 1 beheld a snake of the
 cobra de capclla species, directing its
 course to a point that would approxi
 mate very close upon my position! in
 an instant 1 was on my feet. The
 moment the reptile became aware of
 my presence, in nautical phraseology
 it brought to, with expanded hood, eyes
 sparkling and neck beautifully arched,
 the head raised nearly two feet from
 the ground, and oscillating from side to
 side in a manner plainly indicative of a
 resentful foe. 1 seized the nearest
 1 weapon, a short bamboo, left by one
 of the beaters, and hurled it at my op
 -1 ponent’s head; 1 was fortunate enough
 to hit it beneath the eye. The reptile
 immediately fell and lay apparently
 lifeless.
 Without a moment’s reflection, I
 seived it a little below the head, hauled
 it beneath tiie shelter of the tree, and
 very coolly sat down to examined the
 mouth of the poisoned fangs, of which
 naturalists speak so much. While in
 the act of forcing the mouth open with
 a stalk, I felt the head sliding through
 my hand, and to my astouishment 1 be
 came aware that I now had to contend
 with the most deadly of reptiles, in its
 full strendth and vigor.—Indeed, I was
 in a moment convinced of it, for as I
 tightened my hold on the throat, its
 body became wreathed around my arm
 and neck. If the reader is aware of the
 universal dread in which the cobra de
 capella is held throughout India, and
 almost instant death which invariably
 follows its bile, he will in some degree
 be able to imagine what my feelings
 were at the moment; a faint kind of
 disgusting sickness pervaded my whole
 frame as 1 felt the cold clammy folds of
 the reptile tightening around my neck.
 I still held the throat, but to hold it
 much longer would be impossible.
 Immediately beneath my grasp there
 was an inward working and creeping
 of the skin, which seemed to be assisted
 by the very firmness with which 1 held
 it—my hand was gloved. Finding, in
 defiance of my efforts, that my hand
 was each instant forced closer to my
 face, an idea struck me that, were it
 in my power to transfix the mouth with
 some sharp instrument, it would pre
 vent the reptile from using his fangs,
 should it escape my hold. My gun lay
 at ray feet, the ramrod appeared the
 very thing required, which, with some
 difficulty I succeeded in drawing out,
 having only one hand disengaged. My
 right arm was now trembling from over
 exertion, my hold becoming less firm,
 when I happily succeeded in passing
 the rod through the lower jaw up to its
 centre. It was not without Consider
 able hesitation that I let go my hold of
 the throat, and seised the rod in both
 hands at the same time, by bringing
 them over my head with a sudden jerk,
 I disengaged the fold from my neck,
 which had latterly become almost tight
 enough to produce strangulation.
 There was then little difficulty in
 freeing uiy right arm. and ultimately
 to throw the reptile from me to fhe
 earth, where it continued to twist and
 writhe itself into a thousand contortions
 of rage and agony. To run to a neigh
 boring stream, to lave my neck, hands
 and face, in its cooling waters was my
 first act after despatching my formida
 ble enemy. This concludes a true
 though plainly told tale. As a more),
 it tnay prove, that when a man is poe
 sess.'d of determination, coolness and
 energy, combined with reason, he will
 generally come tq triumph, though he
 may have to circumvent the subtlety of
 the snake, or combat the ferocity of the
 tiger.
effect* of stove* UPON
 HEALTH.
 All experience has demonstrated
 their debilitating influence upon the
 system, and nothing is more true than
 that the mind sympathises with the
 body in all its derangements. Our old
 men remember when the aggregate of
 good health was iar above its present
 standard; when men and women could
 endure twice the fatigue that they can
 now; and when consumption, the pre
 sent scourge of the north, and New
 England in particular, was almost un
 known, or existed only as a slow dis
 ease, that had to battle with life for
 many years before its strong victim
 succumbed to its power. It has been
 thought that the bad health and con
 stitutions of our farming population,
 particularly the female portion of farm
 ing families, are owing to a change of
 diet. There is no truth in the idea.
 Farmers live as judiciously now as they
 did fifty or one hundred years ago. In
 our mountain towns, among the primi
 tive hills and pure air of Vermont, all
 over New England in fact, the popula
 tion are better fed and better clothed,
 are subjected to less injurious ex
 posure, and are called to bear less
 prostrating fatigue, than in those ‘good
 old times, a hundred years ago.’ Yet,
 where the pure air roves freest, where
 the dark wings of miasm never come,
 all along the green mountain ridge,
 through Vermont and Massachusetts,
 do we find consumption doing its dead
 liest work, and an aggregate of female
 invalids that can hardly be equalled in
 any miasmatic valley in the far south
 west.
 It is in vain to look for the causes of
 all these evils in any thing but the
 atmosphere of the dwelling. The food
 is wholesome, the air is pure as any in
 the world, and the water as good. The
 simple statement of the case is, that
 the houses are made too close, the
 rooms are kept too hot, and the grand
 ventilator—the chimney is closed.
 The evil is insidious, and in the man
 ner of its approached should be a warn
 ing. A reference to experience will
 show, that when the stove was first in
 troduced, the heat was intolerable. Af
 terwards it became agreeable; then it
 was found necessary; still further on,
 the heal was raised, until, at last, the
 weakened and relaxed skin shrunk with
 dread from a breath of cold air, and
 all stirring from the ro~&gt;m was forbid
 den on penalty of a cold. The differ
 ence between the atmosphere out and
 in doors made the transition always at
 tended with danger. Every physiolo
 gist, ana every common observer,
 understands the intimate sympathy that
 exists between the skin and the lungs;
 and here, at this point, is where con
 sumption and other similar and dis
 similar evils step in, and find prepared
 for them a house, swept and garnish
 ed. Here lies the secret of mountain
 diseases, the erysipelas, low fevers,
 rheumatisms, etc., etc.
 1 We by no means propose the aboli
 tion of stoves. They form a prominent
 part of family economy.—The poor
 cannot do without them, nor will the
 rich. The fire and the damper should
 in all cases be controlled by the ther
 mometer. This little instrument should
 be in every house. Again, free ven
 tilation, that shall secure to every room
 good pure air, is absolutely indispensa
 ble; and still further a proper amount
 of cold bathing and friction, to enable
 the skin to retain its tone, should he
 observed by every individual who
 spends the winter in doors.—Spring
 ifield Republican.
i Drunkenness in Sweden. —ln
 Sweden, where intoxication has been a
 great vice among the people, brutaliz
 ing and debasing them, rigid measures
 nave been adopted to reform the evil
 practice. Whoever is seen drunk, is
 fined for the first offence $3; for the
 second, third and fourth times, a larger
 sum, and is also deprived of the right
 of voting at elections, and of being ap
 pointed a representative. He is, be
 sides, publicly exposed in the parish
 church, on the following Sunday. It
 the same individual is found committing*
 the same offence a fifth time, he is shut
 up in the house of correction, and con
 demned to six months’ hard labor; i’
 he is again guilty, to twelve months
 punishment of the same description.
 If the offence has been committed in
 public, such as at a fair, an auction,
 &amp;c., the fine is doubled; and if the
 offender has made his appearance at a
 church, the punishment is still more
 severe. Whoever is convicted of hav
 ing induced another to intoxicate him
 self, is fined three dollars,which sum is
 doubled if the person is a minor. An
 ecclesiastic who falls into this offence,
 loses his benefice; if he is a layman
 who occupies any considerable post,
 his functions are suspended, and per
 haps he is dismissed. Drunkenness is
 never admitted to be an excuse for any
 crime; and whoever dies when drunk,
 is buried ignotniniously, and deprived
 of the prayers of the church. It is
 forbidden to give, and more explicitly
 to sell, any spirituous liquors to stu
 dents, workmen, servants, apprentices,
 or private soldiers.
Selling Free Negroes. —Mr. C. A
 Wickliffe, the Postmaster General of
 the United States under President Ty
 ler, presented the following proposition
 to the|Kentucky Convention,on the 13th
 inst. We extract from the official re
 port to the Kentucky Statesman:
 I desire to submit a resolution of en
 quiry in relation to free negroes to one
 of the committees. 1 think from what
 we have expressed here, that all aides
 would be very gled to get clear of them
 from Kentucky. I have devoted aome
 reflection to the subject and to the va
 rious expedients suggested to attain
 that object, as well as its connections
 as a State arising under the federal
 constitution. I propose as a subject
 of enquiry, for the committee on mis
 cellaneous provisions, the propriety of
 substituting, in lieu of the punishments
 now imposed on that class of people for
 crimes other than murder, the penalty
 of exportation, or of being sold again
 into bondage.—l think it is worthy of
 enquiry; and it strikes me if it has no
 other effect, it will at least have a ten
 dency of keeping this class of peraoos
 out of the State; and it may be the
 meaae t nf inducing others to leave it
 voluntarily. It is a subject worthy of
 enquiry, anq I offer it in that shape.
jlirotrtistmtnts.
Asylim for the Sick.
 T|R. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Aayalvtif
 -L/Asylum, No 117 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera*
 tioa. The proprietor analyses every diseas c hat is
 admitted there, ami applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every waj
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment in
 the United States, yet the proprietor w ishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class ol
 invalids who have foiled to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable t.
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to theii
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out airy hope of ever lieing any better.
 TV remedies made use of in this Institution no&lt;
 only entirely remove disease hut gite increase!
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many havi
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weiglu
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and somi
 who have been nimble to dress or undress, or ever
 to feed themselves, and ia the course of a few week,
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth am
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of thn
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove th*
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The foiling of the Womb, in all its stage,
 and conditions in patients, from twelve yean of agt
 up to sixty, ami even if tliey have been confined t&lt;
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble t&lt;
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Paii
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spina
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation a
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles. Costiveness, Pi
 arrhota, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, nil Nervous Diseases, Coh
 Feet and lands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters ol
 all kinds, Salt Klieum, in its wmst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention t.
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and ha.
 treated them in an entirely different way from an;
 other private practice or public Institution iu thi.
 country; and such has been his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies iu their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalid,
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guaranle.
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition nr deception, so that no one need be to am
 expense in this Institution without being bsnefite.
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money an.
 pay all the expenses from any part of the Unite.
 States here and baik home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them
 togothei with his professional services, for nothing
 if he does not help them according to contract. Am
 one thinking the above proposition not a sutficieu
 guarantee against raisi ep:escntalions and expentu
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proo-ie
 tor know what w'L V satisfactory, and it shall Lx
 duly co sidered.
 This Institution has grown np from private prac
 tice by tlie influence of those who have been helper
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. Th&lt;
 design of this Circular' is not to make known th&gt;
 cures that have been made in this institution, Itecau.-i
 they must soon be believed;.bat to let it he moi
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalid
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and w ithout much or anj
 benefit, and stilt remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tin
 United States, and is particularly adapted to theii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unle»»
 tliev are materially benefited.
 Prom the nature of treatment in this Institution
 the nnniber of patients must be limited, therefoie tin
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight am
 ordinary cases which may he easily lielped by otbc
 j systems of practice; nor does lie want anv one t.
 conic, anless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to lie made well enough to walk from five to twentx
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day il
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 lure as much labor and fatigue as most of peopl.
 that call themselves well, as he means that evert
 •me that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in (lie Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, bruines.? ol
 texture, capability of endurance, and improve,
 health, that tlie treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on tlie natural laws of organized matter, an.
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receivi
 immediate attention. If requested, reference wil
 lie made to those who have been helped iu this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above ex|ienses if,
 required
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 ’PHIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently scr
 JL vicabfe limb, which has received tlie highest
 awaids and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons oi
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect aupe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe oi
 America, is now manufactured in Springfield Mass.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier k Hudson.
 They warrant entire satisfaction.
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sfraque, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gan son, Batavia.
 Dr*. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse *ep!4-6m
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patient*
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity ha* been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being bui
 a short distance from tlie V. kM. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, ami
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged I
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last j
 August. Her case presented tlie following pheno-,
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the coutrary, would cross the i
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept., I
 and was continued to the 25tli Oct. only, when she 1
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a 1
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, she!
 has coutinued Iter baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does tlie work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to tlie necessities or clioice of tlie patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy tliem in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Atlioi, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor (roods.
 MANUFACTURED by tlie American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No. 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and For
 aiture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached end unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored:
 Bird Eye Towels; blackand white Wadding!
 Cotton Laps; I .amp Wick; Bed Ticking, an e*&gt;
 ccllent article; Calico, Stocking*, Knitting Cotton,
 Jbt. Ate.
 Orders for Goods, or letter* desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller Me Kim, 81, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James MoU, No. 85, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome' assortment of Prints non
 on hand. |ul —tf
 C*tert4 gaiters’ H!•■«,
 330, Pearl Street, Near York.
 FRIEN*** ,v d »»«t
 to New Yam, atn now be neconimodated with
 as good Board, and at a* low a price an in any other
 nrtßsr“sstfssrad
 Mmj IMt
Hahlrt’s Eclectic MeJical lisUtnte,
 »*4 Water-Ure EsUbUhkmtit.
 rllH lastiuuir.il has bean ia eurcoeefol operation
 during fourteen years, for lb* corn of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health ami usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not fin.l n lief bv any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to then
 'eds for years, and who were almost in despair
 have bad renewed hope aad courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themwhres, have been cured by ml*
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 4tc., which produce symptoms 01 almost ail other
 diseases, with their accompaniment*—a* DYS
 PEPSI A,RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENEBS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBN ESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 lIAL INSANITY, aud a host of oilier diseases
 ■trising from the same anise—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 •mfierers we would say. we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 -ind children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money
 We are using water in nil the various ways in
 which it is applied ia water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 iliey are generally understood and applied; I ait a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 ind a ne w mode of application which truly i* magi
 cal in its efficacy, ami is always sure to cure, in one
 naif tlie time it takes under any other treatment,
 illnwing that treatment to be successful, which is noi
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, file diseases incident t&lt;
 dial period known as the turn of life’— invoiunDuy
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 ;oacknowledge,especially within their owu practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness aud pain, when a few weeks' or at most a
 lew months’ll eatinent, would remove their difficulties
 .■ml restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to tlie
 happiness of otliers. This has never foiled to be
 accomplished in a single instance iu this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 Dcen on entering it. Many have come hundreds ot
 miles on beds, in easy chaiis, by boat, by carriage
 ind railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladi. s have walked miles daily before leaving tbe
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 ilelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We teill enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institutian, follow the
 rulee and regulations, and go through the system of
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under theirown
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who liave spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, ami seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here tliey will not spend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon tliem.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 fined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their original dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 m every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our ter MS are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 -ystein of treatment for Long disi ases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send tliem an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free 01
 charge—together with tlie most respectable refer
 ences in tlie city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curiug what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to Halsted
 Hai.l, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 (&gt;aid.
 References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recited. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles,
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Cok red
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly ;i»
 reduced ’rices Ginghams various qualities an.
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.|
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also 1 alien
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, l&gt;rown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 Tlie wluile stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by die Managers of die Free
 Produce Association, to assist tlie Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at tlie office of
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth lOlb
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 374 cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A vety liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ot
 Women from various authors, 124 cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 181 cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cent*.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on band. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and use hi
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKirn, 81, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Mu his own Physical.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safe Qr. As its title page
 indicates, it is ‘‘THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving tlie causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account ot the system while in
 health, and rules fc&gt;r preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and a.tide* for diet for the sir* room. The
 whole written for general use and dady.practice, by
 John B. Newman. ll* D.**
 Also, accompanying this hook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BliOK.a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time ol gathering,
 and many oilier directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written exprewfy for family ttse.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to JWfar Mad.
 and furnish or that point ait the
 ucsired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books aie put up and bound together and
 eonUui 200 pages, prase 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 124 cents.
 Tbe symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so tuut one may be recognised from another, to pie
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 •ketch of general physiology, mad Vais* for keeping
 iahesid..
 mete aadfmele.
The book bee been written with grent cere, in i
 plain, simple, common-sense style eesihr to be in
 dereteod he every person, end bv a practical physi
 cian uni a thorough botanist, w e can recommend
 it with entire confidence, at being a work tbpevior
 ia ell respects te any other bonk of the kiwi ever
 peMished at the price.
 Families in the rouotrv, and especially those hv
 in* in new countries and unhealthy climates, slionld
 not foil to procure a copy and huve it at all times at
 hand, in rase of sickness ns they might then by bv
 ••ane simple remedy save an expensive and pro Urn
 ted doctor* bill. Whether well or skk, such a
 should be in every bouse as a safe and sure adviser
 m time of need, the direction given for person* in
 health cannot lie too strictly attended to by nil.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none shonld be
 without it.
 The lx&gt;ok is put np in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 61 cents to any
 oot tof the United States.
 QCt Any person sending us dollar by mail, suit
 pod paying postage on the letter, shall' have four
 copies sen* him fret of postage.
 Sena in your orders*, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it conies to us daily, and the txioki
 always reach th'ir destination.
 (jtj* Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four hooks sent to one ad. res-.
 WANTED—Agents iu most of the State* to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 earned to their doors. A small capital of from $2O
 to $6O wilt be necessary for each agent. Addle ts,
 oostpaid, GEO. WTFISTIER.
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-*!, Rochester, NY.
G. W.MEBrGfiANT'S^
 E I. F B 1* T-l l*
 iARGLJXG OIL,
 1 FOH H»)F&lt;Fva wpfW
 4
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 *9 THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have folly proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on tlie list of popular medicine.*, haring been before
 tlie public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of tlie most disinterested rhai after i f Its won
 derful effects on theanimul economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside tlie great and extraordinary
 powers in the core of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its viitues first attracted tlie attention of
 tbe Farrier and Fanner, and the vonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy start at the
 assertion that any one temedy can possess within
 itself tbe virtue ot curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen year* has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many oilier* in tlie cute of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in w hich oili
 er pretended remed.es have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Bums,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions ol the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, 4tc,
 Also a host of disease*
 in Horses and otiter
 animals,such as
 SPA VINE,
 fewpciwy i
 RINGBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 {Fistula, Sitfost, Strains, Lameiio*-,
 Sami Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, +t., gv
 Numerous are the unsolicited statement* of pu
 tients themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable*
 that were tliey at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have l&gt;een credited.
 Ihe cel-1 iated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: i have prescribed your Gorging Oil in
 various cases of
 I PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 j as a liniment, w ilh marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where exteniai
 means are necessary. As a diecutient, it is harm
 less whete the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 iby general treatment. In such cases, it is tlie most
 I efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 I use.
 I wouldalsi recommend it to community at large
 j as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 i freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 j a life manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it bus met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that sf the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 j none have been s&lt; well .adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for theHor-c.
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES
 This is to certify that 1 liave had for many years tlie
 cure of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 aud have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, ami can safely say, that foi ail die
 diseases that horses are liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. 1 ttse about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public a* tlie le.-t medicine for
 hi.iats now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to tlie proprietor will bi
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, W.m. Pitein, L. B
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. Wade
 Rochester. _-
 H E Gaylord, Henderson Panderaon, Cleve
 land, G Ding k Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Isiael, Cincinnati, O.; McClure k Co, Albany
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greenmail Smith, Utl
 ca; P D Orris Co,Troy, NY. July IS—6m
r Kritisk Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Revn u
 The North British Renew, the Westminster Rt ivtr,
 awl Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 rj'HE wide-spread tame of these splendid period!
 A cals renders it needless to say much in then praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance ot
 anything of the f(»ri now published, while tlie polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 condor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace tbe views of tile three great parties
 in England—Tory, \V hig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North (British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having beeu
 originally edited by Dr. Chi hums, and now, since
 i his death, being conducted by hi* son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character i* of the very highest order. The
 W eatminster, iliough reprinted unuer that title only,
 is pnbliseed in F.ngiand under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and VI estnnnster— it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly lepuhlisbed and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 tlie a&lt;(vantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 imraediaieiy on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies ot the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Editdxirgh
 edition.
 PRICES roa 1849, (if SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, #3 60 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 08
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 8 00
 For Blackwood and lire 8 Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood k tire 4' Reviews, 10 00
 Payment* to be made in alletje* in adtance
 CLUBBING.
 Four conies of anv ov ail the above works will
 on payment of tbe regular s«u
 script ion for three—tb* teorth eopy being gratis.
 EARLY copieb.
 A late arrangement with the British publisher*
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets
 that work, by which we shal be able to glace tbe
 entire number i» the hands of subscriber* before nay
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journal*. For this awl other advantages secured to
 our sabseribsw we pay so large a consideration, that
 we maybe compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine- Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low. *1
 New¥srk
"
