"cessarily implicate us in the oppression of our
 brethren in bondage. Let us rote for no men
 to fill office the duties of which ate crimi
 nal. And let ua teach slaveholders that their
 expectation* of aid from os are vain, unless
 they can show that we are under special obli
 gations to assist them, and then we will leave
 our country, rather titan render them personal
 assistance to crush the slave.
 Yours truly t
 S. A. GREENE.
THE FUGITIVE SLATE.
 It wjw in Philadelphia, in the month o
 November, ’4®, at the dark and lonely hour o
 midnight, when creation wa* wrapped ti
 aweet repose, and naught disturbed the sol
 emn grandness of the darkness, save Un
 revelling* of some night ramblers, or th&lt;
 pitiable voice of the watchman a» he caller
 the hour, or the distant roarings of th&lt;
 Schuylkill, that we were wending our war
 homeward from the western ponton of tb&lt;
 city, uhiii wc providentially fell in with
 fugitive slave, Soiitar.ly he went bis way
 leaning on his staff, with a measured stop an&lt;
 a fearful timidity, sod an apparent d&lt;-sire no
 lo be observed. I perceived that he was s
 wayfarer, and that his entire luggage con
 aistrd of one old coat, thrown across hu
 shoulders. A uttered cap of honicspur
 cloth was drawn half over his countenance
 his shoes nearly' sokdess, and his habiliment!
 of linsey-woolsey were worn and torn and
 ragged. I accosted him with the common
 salutation, Good morning, friend.’’ It was
 just morning. The huge clock of the State
 House bad just struck one, and its echoing*
 were faintly dying away. He looked up, and
 was evidently, as I, in the course of convey
 "f sation discovered, but little disposed to notice
 n»c, and less disjwsed to engage in conversa
 tion with me, who might be either a friend or
 &lt;7 a loe. Those of dark countenances Dome
 times, as well as those of fairer complexions,
 for the mere gain of filthy lucre, shamefully
 betray their own brother and sister into the
 hands of the slaveholder. Cases like these,
 thank (rod, are few Intf such have come
 under my knowledge, and why disguise the
 truth T It is for this reason that the slave
 sometimes seeks to avoid his Northern traitor
 ous brother. Poor unfortunate brother He
 had been betrayed once in his pursuit of lib
 j erty, after arriving as far as Wilmington,
 Delaware!
 His story was soon told it has been told
 again and again to the indifferent million.—
 Ilis every lineament bore the marks of cruel
 oppression; his every enunciation, and ap
 pearance, told that his body and soul had
 been crushed down many years under the
 heavy chains and scorching lash of the heart
 less slaveholder and relentless overseer.—
 While he related the sorrows of liis heart,
 the bitter pangs of liis mind for the fate oi
 ftna family; while lie spoke of the iK&gt;rrid
 auction-block sale of liis wife and the prat
 tling little ones* of their final separation and
 condemnatMii to drag out a brutish existence
 &lt;on the slave-tilled pjantations of America, I
 saw with compassion, the strong convulsive
 .emotions of his breast.” Said he, pointing
 to that oft-sought star, that shone transpa
 rently in the Northern heavens, the beacon
 light that illuminates the pathway and guides
 the panting fugitive onward, from the stiikny
 South” iU a land of liberty from tits boast
 ed land .of .frendotn, to seek .shelter and pro
 section iu Victoria's dominions—“ See wiu
 that star, «ir; it has guided me and brought
 me safe so far. God only knows how I shall
 hold out to the end.” i procured him some
 refreshments, impressed the consolation of
 Slope and faith upon his anguished taind, and
 (furnished him with other requisites to facili
 tate his journey. Giaeious nud benevolent
 as some reea are acknowlfdgtd to he, in the
 performance of noble deeds, they are eallous
 .hearted and strangely indifferent in other hu
 mane acis. The heart uf the true philan
 thropist is clways moved io deeds of charity
 »nd aid, iu ail the various responsibilities
 which, by nature, and the immutable laws of
 heaven', arc due from man to man. The
 prayer of the devout Christian ever ascends
 heavenward, nightly and daily, in behalf of
 sinful and erring humanity, and when wc at
 night lay our heads upon our pillow, and ask
 Heaven for Messing upon the poor and desti
 tute, upon the forsaken, wretched family of
 the inebriate, and to .stay tbc imminent danger
 that surrounds the storm-tossed mariner, we
 are apt to be forgetful of the poor slave, that
 Jus sundered the galling fetters and has
 traversed by darkness the dismal swamps and
 ilone, dreary forests, listening fearfully to evc
 wy breeze and rustling leaf, shrinking from the
 licwl and alarm of the farm dog, seeking con
 cealment from the light of day, and fearing to
 breathe or move a muscle, lest he he dis
 covered and recaptured, and consigned again
 to the infamous dungeon of American sla
 very. C. E. SETH.
 Springfield, Feb. 1845.
Philadelphia, Feb. 22, 1848.
 “Wm. C. Nell—My Dear Sir :—ln peru
 sing a copy of the North Star” of the 6th
 uh M I observed an article cojued from the
 Cleveland Democrat,” which says that the
 great Lafayette expressed himself to the be
 nevolent Clarkson in tho following language
 I would never have drawn my sword in the
 eauae of America, if I could have conceived
 that thereby 1 was founding a land of
 slavery.”
 Such, 1 doubt not, was the sentiment of
 that valiant man but alas! not only have
 thos? for yvjuw he drew his sword, exhausted
 Jbin means, and split his blood, founded, cher
 ished, and are now trying to perpetuate the ec
 cursed system of slavery and oppression, but
 they have also made his own offspring to feel
 the totter pangs, the eruel tortures of Ameri
 can slavery.
 A circumstance that occurred about twenty,
 three years ago in the city of my birth, and the
 birth-place of our fathers—l mean the “Land
 of Chivalry,” Charleston, South Carolina,'
 jnay perhaps be interesting to your readers,
 which induces me to address you at the pres
 ent time.
 You are aware of the visit to the principal
 States of the Union, by Geti Lafayette, in
 1625, Great demonstrations were made in
 every quarter fat a suitable and magnificent
 reception. The South Carolinians were do- f
 term tried to do their pari; consequently great
 preparations were made to receive hun and
 suite at Charleston. After all form and me.
 monies were duly arranged, a pccs/&lt;er rrra/m*!
1625. Great
itmce, arising from a peculiar forth trtioc o
 the South,” was made bova la the riuamh
 tee of amaganrat*.
 Behold a natural non a t Gen, Laf»jeUe
 with a family of eWdreo, an atoms in ou
 audit; the lore of liberty from the father baa
 t descended to the ooo; he defores to he free
 and yet more, if pooaible, 4esbca that hh
 children, those Kttle onea which God gan
 him, might be comudered his own; he re
 fleet*; be determine*, if possible, to obtair
 |*n interview with h» lather. The icaem
 j bianco alone (although be had other eviden
 ce*) is suflieictit to establish the idatioaahip
 lie is more like the Genual than bis son,
 George Washington Lsfryette. Never, in
 deed, were father and son more alike.
 This fact the committee and etril authori
 ties knew and felt demanded serious attention.
 It created great uneasiness, and much cogita
 tion. The son of Lafayette, with his family
 of children, were held as chattels—slaves oi
 one of those very citiaens who was preparing
 to do homage to the illustrious guest. Hu
 degraded son intended to approach his sire,
 and exclaim, "1 im a slave!** He had
 hoped that by a private interview, which hon
 orable men should not have frustrated, the
 galling chain of slavery would hare been for
 ever sundered.
 But in this be was sorely disappointed. It
 was determined that such a step sltould be
 prevented. An expedient was soon found.-
 Colored Lafayette was demanded from his
 owner by the committee for investigation,
 when by threats mid promises, (the usual
 mode of slaveholders when coiucicrcc at
 tempts its part,) he was prevented from his
 purpose. He was deterred by threats of
 stripes—by incarceration in the loathsome
 dungeon—by death upon the scaffold. He
 was promised that if he remained quiet, the
 committee would ensure that the city authori
 ties would make purchase of himself and
 children, and emancipate them. But this,
 like too many of the promises of slaveholders,
 was made only to be disregarded. The poor
 deluded man was deceived. The joy and hi
 larity, mirth and pageantry, soon passed
 away, and with them the promises of
 liberty.
 As time moved on, colored Lafayette too
 well perceived that his only hope was lost.—
 Dejection sat upon his countenance; the
 chains of slavery, ever burdensome, were now
 a thousand times heavier. Of a broken
 heart this son of Lafayette died. Not only
 did the father descend to an untimely grave,
 but his children, the grandchildren of Gen.
 Lafayette, were held as slaves, and as late as
 the year 1845, were subjected to the scourge
 and tyranny of the cruel master.
 Alas! Republican, Democratic America!
 Are these the returns for the invaluable ser
 vices rendered thee in 1776 by this lover of
 liberty* Arc these the returns of gratitude
 for wasting his blood and treasure in freedom’s
 cause Shame upon thee, America Arise
 from ihv sleep; awake, and wipe this foul
 blot from off thy fame reflect upon what
 slavery has done, what it is capable of doing,
 ir.d what it will continue to do, if not annihi
 lated.
 My dear sir, you may rely upon the above
 «ta*emcnt as facts, for he who w rites knows
 &gt;f what he affirms, and will also take ccca
 ;ion to say, that what has been related is but
 uunall part of what might be written con
 :emi»g the workings of the peculiar insli
 ution,” and Southern chivalry. At some
 Viture irons you will again hear from
 Yours, most respectfully,
 11.
TEMPERANCE IN ROCHESTER.
 On Sunday evening, March sth, Freder
 ick Hoi'G£*se dejiwerad a loot ore baCbre the
 Rochester Temperance Society- The Court
 house was crowded by a highly respectable
 and intelligent audience. After the ■prea
 nninary services, singing and prayer, ihe pre
 sident introduced Mr. Douglass, who ex
 pressed himself in substance as fullovve
 It is with emotions of sincere pleasure that
 I rise to address you this evening. Added to
 the satisfaction winch I ever experience in
 advocating any movement intended to pro
 mote the wellbeing and happiness of my
 fellow-countrymen, is that arising out of the
 fact of being invited to address a white audi
 ence wholly unconnected with the movement
 with which I am especially and peculiarly
 identified. It is quite a period in my ovvn, as
 well as die history of the progress of free
 principles in this city, for one of my com
 plexion to be thus invited and thus honored.
 T his pleasure and privilege I frequently en
 joyed while in another country; but 1 believe
 it is die first tunc I have been so honored in
 this my own, my native land. I must, how
 ever, be allowed to say, that though this is a
 somewhat new theme for me, I cannot pro
 mise to say anything new or original upon it.
 The subject has been in one shape or another,
 before the public nearly thirty yearn. During
 thia time it has occupied the minds of many
 of the wisest and best men of the nation.
 It may be fairly questioned if any one popular
 movement in this country ever drew out an
 equal amount and variety of talent in it*
 behalf. The bench, bar, and pulpit have
 all contributed their eloquent streams to the
 cool and ever refreshing tide of living water.
 Mighty, however, as has been all this com
 bination, a mightier and more thrilling elo
 quence is that which has come up from the.
 dram-shop and gutter. The simple, straight
 forward, unvarnished narration of individual
 suffering—the graphic pictures of family dis
 tress and ruin—the painful exhibition* of
 shattered and broken constitutions—tf le
 erful exposures of the subtle schemes and
 alluring charms of rum-venders, have nearly
 all come from this class of person*; ri who
 have seen, heard, and felt, the working! of
 the prison-house. There have reasoned
 where reasoning was necessary the, de
 nounced where denunciation and rebuke w ere
 necessary. I therefore cannot flatter myself
 with the hope of saying anything new; nor
 do I deem h necessary, ft wilJ be time
 enough to uuer new truths, when the old
 ones are admitted. The evil «f intemperance
 is just what it was ten years ago. A man
 drunk now behaves with the same folly
 and extravagance as ten yean ago. lmcm
 pemnee now is an much the parent of wreteh
 odneas, want and Mttsnsre, as ever it was.
 The evil ceils as fondly lor removal, as ever
 it did; and the means of oppoaing a are ns
 powerful as arm they vm. This general
r nmenm almost precludes the pnssihility of
 •ayinf anything new or striking on that
 wbject.
 In oodieMe eoold testify to them u well m
 himself, for they were risible in every (Asm
 of life —the object of every day’s observation
 he wvehl therefor* motewt himself on the
 present occasion with referring to the true
 policy of operating sgsiasl it eowharh point
 be won Id spook with ptaamcas, which he
 Hoped they would appreciate, when reflecting
 that he could haTe no party purposes in riew.
 J After illustrating the position of the w hole-
 Isale render, the dram-shop and bar-room
 retailer, the geafceei and respectable moderate
 drinker, the eager aspirant for political office,
 [the church-members and demons, whose
 proper influence wan withheld from reforming
 the drunkard, and whose example, in too
 many instances, had scaled his rain; all and
 each of these classes would oftumes evade
 the pointed rebuke, and transfer responsibility
 from themselves to their neighbors, and were
 1 all in a degree guilty; yet no one class was
 wholly and only to blame; but the drinking
 system was tl»e foundation of existing evils;
 and this system it was the appropriate mission
 of the friends of humanity to exon themselves
 zealously to abolish.
 After alluding to the many and effectual
 ways of discountenancing the use of alcohol
 —of rendering the trade, in its every mani
 festation, disreputable—and of extending, in
 the true Washingtonian style, the hand of
 sympathy and encouragement to- a fallen bro
 j ther, the lecturer adverted to the injury which
 the cause had sustained by being blended
 j with politics. The reformation had been
 j retarded, instead of accelerated. It had been
 dragged down from its once lofty position,
 l and been made the tool of demagogues—a
 stepping-stone on which many had been pro
 -1 moted to office; while the cause itself was
 1 under no obligation to them for advancement.
 1 It is probably one of the most difficult things
 in the world to save a reformatory movement
 from corruption. The thousands who may
 I flock around its standard, are led there from
 various motives aside from promoting the cause
 itself. No moral reformation was ever con
 summated by political maneuvering, as the
 facts in the history of the anti-masomc,
 anti-slavery, and the various other reforms,
 abundantly proved. Moral suasion was the
 God-appointed means for reforming the world.
 The mild and peaceful weapons of love are
 more efficacious than those of force. He
 I thought, the Temperance party, in relying
 j upon politics to advance the cause, were ex
 j peeting more purity in the ballot-box than in
 the church but it is vain to expect the stream
 Ito rise higher than the fountain. If the
 church occupied a right position, its influence
 would be powerfully felt on this question. In
 thus expressing his dissent from what he pre
 sumed to be the conviction of many of the
 audience, lie asked only to be regarded as
 honest and sincere, feeling assured of their
 concurrence with him in the sentiment, that
 even error might be safely tolerated, where
 truth is free to combat it.
 In the course of his remarks, Mr. Douglass
 awarded an eloquent tribute to the rare vir
 tues and zeal of Father Mattliew, as the
 Temperance redeemer of Ireland. His labors
 and sacrif.ces—his devotion to the cause,
 could not be over-estimated. He had seen
 hirn administer the pledge to thousands, and
 had himself been presented with one of the
 Temperance medals, by the venerable father’s
 own hand. Ilis manner of appeal was
 original and impressive, and geuerally suc
 ceeded in persuading the multitude befote
 him to knee! down and receive the temper
 ance pledge.
 Mr. Douglass observing many colored
 citizens present, improved the opportunity of
 enforcing upon them, in a special manner,
 j their being enlisted under the Temperance
 banner, for this one, among other reasons,
 that by their peculiar position in the land,
 they could not afford to be otherwise. He
 would bare llie colored people occupy a moral
 eminence so high as to command the respect
 'of an entire community. He invoked the co
 operation of all, both white and black, in the
 great cause of temperance; for as all who
 used the intoxicating cup were degraded, in
 hke degree would the condition of all be
 1 elevated by abstaining entirely from its per
 nicious influence; and this fact, he thought,
 was potent in hself in establishing the identity
 of the human family.
 At the conclusion of Mr. Douglass's ad
 j dress, a vote of thanks was unanimously ten
 dered by the meeting; after which a dia
 etissiun arose among the members as to the
 !&gt;est means of manifesting their temperance
 i principles at the ensuing city election, during
 which the merits of the several candidates
 were freely canvassed. There were many
 noble sentiments expressed by the speakers,
 one of whom, (Mr. Greig.) congratulated the
 meeting on the union now so happily mani
 fested by advocates of Temperance, Anti
 slavery, and other reforms. All were meet
 ing on one platform, exchanging views, and
 laboring hand in hand to hastes the “good
 time coming.” Names were being affixed to
 the pledge, while a Temperance hymn was
 sung, aod the meeting adjourned, evidently
 feeling that the cause of Temperance had
 gained a day.—w. c. x.
WAR ON CHRISTIAN PRINCIPLES.
 Th« following anomalous paragraph may
 be found in the proposed treaty of peace be
 tween this country and Mexico:
 Any future war that may break out be
 tween Mexico and the United States is to be
 conducted on Christian principles, and accord
 ing to the usages of civilized nations.
 There is here, first a confession of guilt;
 and, secondly, a promise of amendment. The
 confession— a war has been carried on with
 Mexico, not “in accordance with Christian
 principles and the usages of m&amp;zed nations
 the promise —that any future war that may
 break out will be earned on on those principles.
 The confession is somewhat unexpected; but
 few will deny its troth. Verily, the War has
 not been conducted on Christian principles.
 No one who knows anything about Chris
 tianity will attempt to gainsay this assertion.
 As to the usages of ao-ealkd criibsed nations
 in the amftterof war, there is net amah differ
 eaee between thank The harhnrilirs prvpn
 (rated m war, whether between savage or
 civ lined nations, me amazingly similar; tee
 m vary little to choose between ten. Per
 iapt the arise tries sf the Americas army ta

ir sr&gt;r imu i&gt;iwini&gt;iff iiiSWbwtelM SlM'iivftuii
 Mexico were i fcttfa own Iwhim than
 natal. It is not needful to deny that there
 lan bees mote than the nversge tMßritf
 tapice, robbery, child tad wma afaeghter,
 sod I Mans than average ditph) of the fiend
 ish npohilitirs of a degraded hteanuity. This
 may or nay n«4 be ao; box as a pc&amp;item con
 faMion of gmK h q«te acoonknce with
 the custom of the repenting inmates of Siag
 Sing aad other ndar plaeen far the safe*
 keeping of evil-doers, tits! they shook, rather
 than otherwise, over-estimate the hrirrnimriß
 cf their crime. That the repenting mur
 derars of the Mexicans shook! do likewise,
 (though it is indeed diffeemit to eoceetTe how
 they cam pawl their crimes blacker than the
 reality,) is therefore an nutter of wonder.
 Confession is the first step towards amend
 ment. his good so far. But hare we bare
 also a promise of better things; aad ia it bes
 the difficulty. Any future war tw
 break out is to be conducted oa Christian
 principles, and in accordance with the usages
 of civ dried nations.’* We here seen that
 the Mexican war, thus far, has not very
 widely departed from those usages—that ia,
 it has been carried oa in opposition to, and
 to the destruction of every worthy sentiment
 of bomanity. But a war conducted in
 accordance with Christian principles !’’—what
 kind of war is that Paul says, The wea
 pons of our warfare are not carnal, but spirit
 ual he had never beard of cannons, mus
 kets, bombshells, and the other death-dealing
 instruments of civilized warfare. He killed
 neither men, women, nor children he
 bombarded no towns, nor burned villages, nor
 desolated countries. It seems, therefore, that
 a war on Christian principles cannot be in
 accordance with civilized usages. How can
 we explain this Can Mr. Trist
 explain May it not be, that the conclusion
 of the sentence is merely a rhetorical flourish,
 to which no particular meaning need be
 attached? and that Generals Scott, Taylor,
 and the other Christian warriors, having
 learned by experience the cruelty, and bar
 barity, and uiter inutility of the mode of war
 fare which they have hitherto pursued, have
 resolved on beating their swords into plough
 shares, and their spears into priming-hooks,”
 and taking, in their stead, the spiritual wea
 pons of the ajiostle. Well would it be for
 the world if all the men of war, in this, and
 all other countries, would speedily come to
 the same laudable resolution. The heroes ol
 the Mexican war may perhaps handle their
 weapons rather awkwardly at first; but they
 will not on that account be discouraged. Thev,
 of all men, need not to be reminded that it is
 always thus with the raw recruit and that
 practice and discipline make tolerably good
 soldiers out of the clumsiest and most inca
 pable. May they soon have an opportunity
 to commence this new war upon Mexico!
 Their victories will be more glorious, in pro
 portion as they will be less bloody. And
 may they succeed in “conquering” another
 peace—the peace of Christianity—the peace
 which their spiritual weapons of warfare art
 designed to conquer Peace on earth, and
 good will a nong men —j. d.
TIIE PEACE LEAGUE.
 The following correspondence of the Peace
 League, has been sent us, with a request to
 publish it. Wo cheerfully comply with the
 request.
 To the Branch League Spring port, New
 York—
 Dear Brethren: —Separated though we
 ire by the ocean, yet one in spirit we address
 you, that wemay mutually stir up each other
 and draw closer the cords of our brotherhood.
 The nations have too long allowed princes
 and statesmen to stand as false interpreters be
 tween them, perverting their noblest feelings,
 and thus have strife, ar.d discord, and hatred,
 been perpetuated on earth. We greet you
 as kindred souls, as fellow-workers for light
 and truth, and we challenge you to an ardent,
 yet deeply loving rivalry who can excel most
 in this great cause—a contest from which
 both must arise winners. It is heart-refreshing
 to us, to hear of the progress which you are
 making, even amidst the rumors of war: and
 that lamentable struggle in w hich your coun
 try is now engaged, wa firmly trust, will serve
 but to prove more forcibly to all the iniquity
 of violence. We, too, are gaining ground
 many of the noblest thinkers of our country
 have joined us, and many more though not
 openly pledged, give us their support; oppo
 sition and scorn we must, indeed, occasionally
 endure, and our progress is often delayed by
 the fears of the faint-hearted, but we can yet
 look forward in that high hope which makes
 realities,” to the day when the crown of the
 tyrant, the chain of the slave, and the sword
 of the warrior shall moulder in oblivion, and
 there shall be but one nation on earth—an
 earth basking in the sun-smile of a love-breath
 ing God. But whilst thus feasting eye and
 heart on the glories of the fnture, let us guard
 against everything in onrsdves, that savors
 of oppression and hate; let us seek and pluck
 up the seeds of the war-spirit, even in small
 est things, and even where most deeply hidden.
 And now let us, strung in our mutual affection
 go on gladly on our bright mission let us
 joyfully bring to the cause whatever sacrifice
 it may require, and stand ready to do all and
 suffer all, that so the blood-stain may be ef
 faced from the earth, and the tree golden age
 realised.
 We subscribe ourselves, Deaf Brethren,
 one with you in heart for God and humanity.
 Signed on behalf of the Fairfield and
 Droyladen Branch League,
 JOHN ANDREW PORTER,
 Jobs Wm. Slate*, Secretary.
 SKTLT or THE BMUSUifW*T UUOVK«
 Dkab Bbethses :—Your affectionate and
 heart-cheering ♦onwnßnieation, has bees re
 ceived and breathing as it does, such a spirit
 of demotion to the good of mankind, we fed
 otnr ots Souk stirred within as, to make
 greater saenficcs, and to engage with new
 aeal, in promoting the great objects of our
 brotherhood. The sentiment* you express,
 are eminently congenial m our minds; nad
 coming as they d* (torn mar father-land, we
 dnariah them, not only keeanan «f their in
 tnnsie ticcUsnee, but heeaase they are ema
 antious iff the fatt-ganlung philanthropy of our
 own kindred. The rivalry to which you chal
 lenge os, we gladly accept, nor wtS w« abase
 ourehbrta, until the pnaopkasT peace and
 low, by which m would regulate out owe
 conduct, exert thesrjust iainanea upon ah oas
nee. We do, iadeed, address yon from,
 amhfat the nam of war,” and a war, too,
 aa we apprehend, waged for dm Him ms ot
 Awry: yn against is, baho we earnestly and
 aatamaty protested; and we hope thai these
 atrocities, perpetrated aa they have Wen spot,
 oar own borders, will not -only deepen am
 fate union of this scourge of mm nee, hot
 will also embolden multitudes of oar follow
 eithßms, to join os in our heaven-begotten en
 terprise. We fondly anticipate the day, when
 war shall be so gsaeraDj and deeply detested
 by all the people of this republic, that by their
 diligence u uix titrating the principles of peace,
 they *iQ do modi to remove the stain that
 the prenest war has brought upon as; mid
 every epistle, breathing the spirit of that with
 which you have favored cs, will hasten this
 glorious consummation. We rejoice to extend,
 aa it were, mrr arms across the broad Atlantic,
 and to present to you our fraternal greeting.
 We feel, that we are indeed, kindred spirits
 and we are moved to do our tamest, to re
 move every obstacle, that prevents the sweet
 mingling of the nations into one. We hearti
 ly respond to your exhnitat.on to go on "n our
 mission of love yes, confident of the sacred
 ness of our cause, and relying spun an al
 mighty arm, we will devote our highest am
 gies to the ciiTusion of light and truth, until
 peace on earth and good will to men” shall
 be engraven on every mind.
PUBLIC MEETING OP COLORED
 CITIZENS.
 At a large and highly respectable meeting
 of the colored citizens of Buffalo, held, pur
 suant to notice, at the Vine Street Methodist
 i Church, on Thursday evening, March 2d,
 for the purpose of payiug some tribute of
 respet to the memory of the late Jobs Q.
 Adams,
 On motion of William Walker, Bet. Geo.
 Weir was called to the Chair, Peyton Harris
 appointed Vice President, and George Weir,
 Jr., Secretary.
 The meeting being duly organized, the
 Throne of Grace was fervently addressed
 by the President, after which, the objects of
 the meeting being stated, on motion to that
 effect, Mr. Abner H. Francis came for
 i ward, and followed in an able and interesting
 j Eulogy upon the life and character of the de
 ceased.
 On motion,
 Resolved, That a vote of thanks be, and
 hereby is tendered to the speaker for the able
 discourse delivered.
 After which, the following resolutions were
 j offered by George Weir, Jr.:
 Whereas, the sad and lamentable news has
 j reached us ot the death of the illustrious John
 Quincy Adams, Therefore, _
 Resolved, That this announcement, while
 it bears to us the interposition of ths over
 ruling hand of Divine Providence, brings
 with it the garment of mourning, whose dra
 pery has surrounded the hearts of every true
 Christian and Philanthropist, and wdiich alone
 j can be removed by the agency of the same
 invisible hand, when we, like the Patriot,shall
 be summoned lo the spirit world.
 Resolved, That in the death of this distin
 guished statesman, whose commanding voice
 has been heard to echo in thundcriug tones
 through the halls of Congress, that body
 has been bereft of one of the brightest orna
 ments that ever adorned the councils of a
 nation.
 j Resolved, That during the official career oi
 this renowned orator, his eloquent and soul
 stirring appeals in behalf of humanity, hit
 untiring and ardent zeal in prosecuting to the
 utmost extent every aggression upon the
 rights of his countrymen with the severest
 censure—his bold and manly efforts to rescue
 the oppressed—have met our most hearty ap
 -1 proval, and in every respect endeared him to
 us as a friend to humanity and to God.
 Resolved, That in the death of Mr. Adams,
 the councils of the nation have not only been
 called upon to weep, but that the nation at
 large has been called to realize the fact that
 the morning star, w hich for half a century has
 lighted up and shone forth its radiant glory
 amid the starry canopy of an American gal
 axy, has /alien, to rise no more, and that in
 this dispensation we are alike called upon to
 mourn and lament the fall of one so successful
 in his career of earthly glory.
 Resolved, That as the Star of the
 served to guide the w ise men of old to the
 sacred manger in Bethlehem, so should the
 life of Adams serve as a way-mark to every
 principle of moral excellence and intellectual
 ability.
 Resolved, That in the last expiring mo
 ments of Mr. Adams, while that voice from
 the eternal world at whose command Mount!
 Sinai trembling stood, was about in His
 divine wisdom to extinguish the last vital 1
 spark, he, like a departing patriot, could look
 back upon a life consecrated wholly to the
 service of his country, with the beautiful sen
 timents of consistency and humanity embla
 zoned upon the pathway of his illustrious ca- 1
 reer.
 After reading, the several resolutions were 1
 adopted tu full.
 Resolved, That the proceedings of this!
 meeting, together with the Eulogy, be pub
 lished in the several city papers.
 Resolved. That Messrs. George Weir, Jr.,'
 Norris Needham and Jordon Undurwood, con
 stitute a publishing committee.
 GEORGE WEIR, President.
 George Wei*, Jr., Sec y.
WHITE SLAVERY.
 We hare been furnished with ihe folJowing
 facia in regard to White Slavery at the Sooth
 by a gentleman now there. Such thing* are
 'to be expected. He that would enslave a
 colored person for money, would also a white
 person. A conscience that would permit the
 one would the other also. It was truly said
 by the Her. John Wader, that Slavery
 Iwas the sum of all TiHanß-s.” Indeed h
 diiheuit to imagine a erime which is not com-!
 A White Slate.— Washington, a white
 boy, was taken from Virginia to South Caro- j
 liaa at the age of seven, and thence to Geor
 gia, and sold to Col. B. H» daughter, the
 bdy of a lawyer, related to me the fact, say
 tng that the little fellow used to tell the story
 !to their children and weep. Ills tale was
 I this. that bin mother was very poor, 2nd as j
 r the time when the was wek, he was placed;
 jin a negro quarter,” m the care of a negro j
 woman, and at night a man came and tied his!
 feet and hands and took him on horseback.—
 He wept, and tried to scream; but the wretch
 placed his hands over bin mouth. CoL B.’i
 wife prohibited his telling ihe story to the
 children, because is made theta weep and un
 happy. Waah” died the dw« of CM. 8.,
 at the age of 2d.
 Awtmrca.— Ehra was the offspring of
 parent* m Virginia, hi high hfe hot to con
 ceal th air nit, their child, whew an infant,
 wan placed wish a me a» the negro qnat
 te*a» and then famed. She wan a few yean
 ago sold, and an now owned by Mr.
 Southern city. She in white, and has no no
 gro Meed ta her ceaapoeition, and has raised
 up a family of colored children. She is very
 badly framed.
 Tim fan was fold am by a Wy, fae wifa
of Judge a slaveholder, who resides in
 ths same city.
 Btiu Ansthci.—A lew years ago, a "nr-
 S rader" exchanged a colored sJava for a
 ftrL Oahmamval is Alabama, two
 we ahvehoMem protested that the ehi.’d
 waa whits, aad finally paid $4W&gt; for her, and
 her to Georgia, where it was asrrr*
 tonwd that her prn-su died phor, and that she
 T** “T* Tlw rretbroen rest
 JT I Candtnu. Ibe
 S. "*7"S “j- .fcc
 —UrctMout Thu JX*»,
mSRIED
Is this city, MI Fcfc. 26tb. U Rev. A. 11. J«Cri
 the Rev. Dsaitt L. PueVrh, of this city. i,
 Phxbise Brow*, «f iirijbioß.
 By order of Irkin'f ruisiwf, 00 Thurw'av,
 Msreh JM, Mr. Rt ter W mva. mve d M ji,; s
 Jam k Eum ari;S| R|gt( 54| bulb i»l iUwiitMi.
corniEßniL*
RocHKSTxa. March 9. ISIS.
 The steamer** aess bare bad a* effect upon the
 market. Boyers offer £1 25for «heat; the mqydy
 coming in i* limited.
 la Floor we bear of no trensartfaas; £5 25 u
 offered, and £5 50 aJ.cJ for qno.i brand*. The
 J farmer price wu« offered far 2500 Urb.
 Butter, per ft. life 16 et*;' Cheese fi£ cU.
 Rochester Wholesale Prices Carnot.
 FLOUR *5O MEAL—Don 20»ro)nl
 Flw, p LLI iOl) 6 399
 Corn mess!, y boh 56
 PROVISIONS—Dutr; Beef,Pork,Tl:uim, Raror,
 Butter and Lard, 20 pc; Cheese 30 va!
 Pork, (incsw) .1150£ 12 50
 Du. iu h«g 500 A a 50
 Bocf, ewt. 400 e 430
 Do. LbL (tom) 7 00 ft 800
 j Lard (tried) pft .-“4ft 8
 llu. (loaf,) 8j 10
 Hams, (sin; ked) 7 t® 8
 j Shoulders, &lt;fa. 5 6
 j Turkey* pft 8
 Chicken* 8
 j Potatoes, Irtish. 50
 i GRAIN—Duty; 20 p c ad vai
 i Wheat, Lush J 25
 Corn 37 a 14
 Rye 00
 Oats .24
 Bar fay 50
 j HIDES—Duty; 5 p c ad val
 Slaughter 31
 i Calf ..8
 Sheep Pelt* 75 100
 SEEDS—Dutv Liusccd 10 p c 1 Mustard 20 P
 c ad val
 Clover 4 50 ft 550
 Timothy 125 250
 Flax 1 25
 i FlSH—Duty on foreign caught; 20 pc ad val
 I Whiteiiab bhl 750
 I Codfish cwt 425
 SUNDRIES—
 Sab, p Nil 1 St
 Apples, p bush SI
 Do. dried 56 ft fc'3
 Eg?s, p doe 12}
 Beans, p bush 87 08 100
 Hay, p ton 10 00 ft' 12 50
 Hard wood 200 4 00
 Soft wood 2 75
 New Yore, Marc’. 8.
 The business of the day ha* been much broken up
 by tile fuucral ccietuoaie* in bunor of die patriot
 Adams.
 Ashes dull at £5 87J for Pots, and £8 12J for
 Pearls.
 Cotton less firm, and not so Retivc. Tlie sales
 were 7 or 800 bales, and pi ices alxOt l lower than
 tlie highest point.
 Fkrtv and Meal—The market firmer; sales are
 2000 or 2-&gt;OO at 6 87i®6 50, the Intlcr for Genesee.
 There was also a sale 800 U.l* of branded Canadian
 flour on private tvrms for export. New Orleans is
 £6 12®6 25, and Brooklyn held at £6 25. Mud
 is £2 50, w ith sales 750 bids Jersey at that li-ure,
 Grain—Wheat is in fairerajuirv, but nn important
 vales; holders very firm; sale* 1000 bu. Long Island
 at 1 3201 35. Very few siimple* of Com were of
 fered—transactions reach 8900 bu. at 55ft56 fir
 Southern white. Rye (juict but firm. Oats 48ft&gt;»
 for Northern.
 Provisions—Tlie supply of Pork very light, and
 holders asking higher prices j some sale* are being
 made at £9ft9 25an.J 11 for new and »85Cft lO 25
 for old.
 _ Beef is inaeti ve-=~safas 180 tes prime mess at 16.
 Sale 300 tes Shoulders and Hums »j 4ft JJ for *hr,ol
 der*, and 61 ®7 for Ira.-ns. laird finto at cts.
AT/ lIEREAS, Wirr Hedoes ami Er.r*soß
 j II edges, bis wile, of the City of Rochester,
 on the fourteenth day of July, in the year of out
 Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-five,
 i Mortgaged to Gerrit Smith,of Prferboro, Mudi-’
 j son County, lor secariog to him the payment of Two
 Hundred and fifty-five dollars, and interest, all that
 tract or parcel of land situate in the City of Roches
 ter aforesni I, Comity of Monroe and suite of New
 I York: To wit, thirty-three feet front on Glasgow
 street, and running back to the rear the same w idth;
 1 intending to eudmu-c the East Iwlfof all that eei tain
 lot of land in that part of kit fifty-four (54,) in Town
 i ship No. 1, of the Short Range, known as the Cale
 donia Mat; on which the laud herein intended, i*
 I as lot O, lying between lots 101 and
 195 of said pfcil; it being tlie East tut If of the same
 kit, formerly owned by Josiah Bisscll, Junior, and
 conveyed to Eleazer Tillotson, on die 2Lf, day of
 March, 1827 Set* Monroe County Rccor Is, Liber
 Eight (8,) of D.-eds, at pagj 471.
 Also, all diat tract or f.-arcel of land, nitinte in tfi?
 City of Rochester, County of Monroe, and State of
 New York. To wit, diiitv-dtree feet front on Glas
 gow street, an.l running liuck to die rear the same
 width, intending tneiubraec die Went half, of all du:t
 certain lot of Lind in thiit part of lot fifty-four (54,)
 in 'lWnship No. one, of die Short Kiingc, know n a* i
 the CaleJonia Pbt, on which tlie Lur! lietein intend
 ed to be granted, is distinguished a* lot O, lying be
 tween fat 194 and 105 of sai l Plat; it being die
 West half of die same fat, formerly owned by Josiah
 Bussell, Junior, and conveyed to Eleazer 'riflidson,
 on tbc 2l*t day of March, 1427. See Monroe Cot In
 ly Record*, Liber (eight (8,) a* *uppoaed)«f Dee.!*,
 at page 471.
 And, \YIr Teas, default has been made In die pay
 ment of the moneys semred by said Mortgage, a/i J
 which are clai:oed to anvamt at tlw time of the first
 pulilieation of this notice, to three hundre d and two
 dollars (5392 00.) Now, therefore, notice is hereby
 given, that by virtue of a power of safe contained in
 the said Mortgage, and in pursnance of the (statute*
 in such case, nawic and provided, the above describ
 ed Mortgaged premises, will he sold at ptUjHc atKtioo
 or vendue at the Court Houser in the City of Rixdlet
 ter, on the twelfth day of Jane, urtt, at 'esc o’clock
 in the afternoon of dial day.
 GERRIT SMITH, Mortgagee.
 NEIL HUNTINGTON, Att\.
 Petersoro, March 6, 1848. mlO,
A FARR FOR SALE.
 4 FARM Cfrtitaining 146 acres, situate in Chili,
 ix S| uiiles from the A'ent Hne of the City of flocli
 e»tev, (bte resatenee of John D. Garaev,) soil good,
 price low, term* reaaauabfa. and title indfetmu btr.
 ft aiH be soki Uwetheror di«i led to suit pmehaser*.
 If aot sofa it win he red. 1 fnmi the Ist cf April
 next. Fur farther parti ruler* empire of
 BENJAMIN FLBH.
 West Nurds fitnri, Ifalvitcr.
 Feb. Is, 1A48; I f.
UNIVERSE COOKING STOVES.
 Mambcr* are —arfir taring thi« wraki U
 Cooking shove, deigned far Coal or U'.—t,
 warrant.-. 1 to excel any other stove .or minititl,
 aad cnnrtrwrtesl strictly tpn piaW4lbi.nl piiri)S»/
 The Oven heated by hot air, (the sub far atr oven
 ever patented,) *»j warranted to Uke a* wr9
 any Urk uvea. For wale only by the un!«
 abide salt and Mail, S«, EarliLsng*-
 H. BU SH A CO.
t DOST AND VtlLl.lt*, Dralei r is Dre-js, Me h-
 A eine*, Otenueads. Dye Stuffs, Pm«u&lt;
 Oik.bbonrt, Brushes, Petfasnory, JhsieiitdMr
 ffteek, feeark *itf tjevanm (.faskas. Allots*
 tZttttj’iS—--- ,w
 BetagAgreto fiV aW the eeirlvwtei Family
 aad irtWlle Patou Ifadfeinrs, and rvrrivfag the
 aMte dnsoly foam far ffaifafin nr their Ar-ut*.
 fare reakfad to amply «J 4 wrtkra at wkdreafa
 ant reud, on far wre* farerebi- teraM.
 Hmmawrethir Ms, MeBHa», aid F»m»b
 Crees. awh faff faW, Only mmmu far West
 ers Stem Verb. 7
 Afan, BberwamPn Vibratory Stfagretir Markiar*,
 yfo’hjire Gan) aha fffwsl Oil and lamps, far
 toreate same. Thasa abo aouid t-nsart ceu&gt;
 •ay tel renteafame are invited to examete tteve
 "imps. The Miami wi *f Csstmry Mwlnm, Dr
 hall, Ernrfan iwt
Oirix MORRIS* CITT BINDERT,
 r»»t* m nuft-4* rtißii k ruriii,
 MR MORRIS ,f Mr. Mmrm
 M.»w M «c*«a TWtt. Mil (Ini IMW
 (iruami fee I&lt;m 'kr« imNw Medal*, It r d* bn
 rtißrr* t f (!i» k Bi«!nt. rtk (ntH Um M*&gt;
 its* K-k* I* iti id ertjr ini I’ttf air&gt;*
 IklrarV* €tfe&gt;l er* *&lt;hl iifltml
 Mmie rmie ard Petit*?Mb bwrf
 •awl finittowl amy totter*. Bkuk Am 1 BmA»
 rvertorri at ik»» bate f««i ty»M
 mtkWli b tbrir «!*_-Sli! t» fc&lt;x! «kg*»re. £u iel
 attfi*b« fe *Hr«* peW »**e |*r«r •"•d*
 to trm*rr U»m rtfmi to tkm bat ta ike I nto SlMw
 ilf !fiii lt'\
 UWKn.r»«« CtoH A*r»e tod
 Piatt-H**. b aB Peir toalnito, a*fc«6dl«wd to
 «tof m ilh&gt; kr4 »uk.
 t»rkt. n*. !Pt fictir*/ lw\* W
 of «mk branf ikfli i&gt; to mart »dt«rtof*t(to
 rt fir.nx if a cii*r*i rr. ly iKkirj aod
 t•&gt;w» to (hr- ilmr
 ipr»ee JhW. n»\ n k rr»m tktu !erttc
 U 3 t'.tc trn»t Utg*«Uc krai, aU carrtalH sad*
 pu-wnt,s v trim ne.L
 N.R. 'f&gt; pnftVtor fc*« r\ are.? no i\[«we tm
 tot'»:g ftp tjw t«Si! fninivM, »*l iMriWwit* i«W
 Vt-rK u* bttJrt intf mt ntoktt to
 utx k CuKlm;.
 OWEN MORRIS.
 Cir&gt; Bmrtejv, anttar 0* Mtnta.
BOSTON .IDIEkTiSEHEVrs.
 c: la h e s o h~ 3
 LONDON EDITION—WITH I'ORTRAIt.
 A FEW copses «.f i I.A KROON'S HISTORY
 OF THE ABOl.ll lON OF THE SLAVE
 THADF. ■with frrliitij remark* on the ral»c&lt;&gt;ii*»l
 sl*&gt;liri»n of glNTcry; a leauiful l* mien edit in*
 »ilh a hue I'm trait o) the Author. ifine tm *uel,—a
 UmA tsh.ch C.n;t| nut W iot|,\/it*i Mr Iris than three
 can Le had at Jtl. Citd ill, if applied foe
 imnte.tkitt-’v. at the tci\ w pih*o of On e I&gt;oll n,
 cash. A»*&gt;. F.U LOC ICM ON CLARKSON, by
 Atrtisutß r*tn&gt;m,ti the seduced price of
 to dvf and a half ctct&gt;.
 IIORERT MORRIS. J*„" A tTorner oZI Lwm*
 V scllor at lain, liianr't Bulking, s&gt;uu Street*-
 TOfiKTH H. TCRITN tn uM incite die mtrgriuf
 of hi*“friends and tin- pc Mir to ins DAG I FK
 RIAN ti.U.I.F li\ .Y&gt;. 13*, I'/nrt, nlario
 hr himretf to iXtrult Miniature* u ith a lifis
 likr finish, and »r as model aU- Hmt as aiy ctlwrs
 i tliv profit ssior.
 MACON R. ALLEN, Altorwv and CVwusUor
 at lain Minmilut-lli Block.
 BOYS’ CLOTHING.
 SAMUEL WILSON, 14, Brutrfo Stnef, has in*
 made recent additions to his stock, is pared tv
 tunitli .S’ CLOTHING, if as uo« d nuitcujtl
 an l fit, and at as cheap prices, as c..u be el tamed u*
 tl:t- city.
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND BAND
 C LOTHING STOKE,
 No. st&gt;, Union St rest, Boston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps mrstnntß i-tt laud a
 gnat Turiitt of New and Second Hand Ciwtluuf.
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, \V. 1. g.iods.
 Watt In-*, Boots andvilu cs, exchanged fi r new
 i-lctliiiig. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods,
 from one to one hundred o'olhu s.
 JOHN I&gt;. KEVAI.EON, Hair Cutting Saloon,
 'J and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Ulackstoi.c-st.
SEIY YORK ADYERTISEM-YTS.
 Philip a. white, orer v i Fnuk.
 lull an I Hull Street.
 \T r II.IJ4M S. POWELL, Snih.’s JUiua. Cl,
 V V Cherry Street.
 Dn. J. MTTNE SMITH, 93, Wmi Brooi-
 WtlV.
 r E JI.NNINCS, Surgeon-Dentist, 185, Morlil
 A Broadway.
 1178. 11. TOFP, Merchant Tailor, 546 Broad*
 V way. Abu»»utemiveanutueut ofCnnUr
 Stocks, Hnsirv, (live*. he.
 Albany, Fell. 11, I*4B.
 (JOTKEL HOARDING HOlSfs
 l MIAIU.ES HKiIIUATE, would respectfully in'
 'foim hiK frien ami the |jul»lir, flat M tontinuaa
 to devote every attention to those phased to favor
 liir "Inwie’’ with a rail. Tlw houaw is |.luuatl|
 locutnd nt 602 Broadway, Albany.
 Fob. 19, 1948.
 Air 1 LIMA4I HICII, Hair Drccsing and Bathing
 v V Saloon, Troy House, Troy, New Y ork.
 7
 NORTHAMPTON WATER CURE.
 THE tmdrndgned, gratefully appreciating the credit
 penenmxK wwuroed by a discerning yublic to hit
 success as a Ilydnpathic I’rai titioner, &lt;_wl«l rer.
 pectfully infji ur tire friends of Hydropathy, that h i
 establishment is pleasantly situated rw:ir Beitaorivillr,
 on tire west hank of tlw l.irking' Water, or 41 i t
 River, alwmt two ami a half miles from the centra
 of the lown. It is tliirti-nix by seventy feet; thrta
 stories high, with a piazza on tire south ride, Thera
 are sepaiLU- parlors, l athing mid dressing rooms, for
 ladies ami gentlemen. There are also twenty lodging
 rooms* cOcli of which nr well ventilated ami con
 veuiently lornndu-d liar the accommodation of two
 persons/ Among the Variety of baths in the esta
 blishment are, the plunge, donclte, (Ireneher, wdf
 spray both*. Tlw ladies’ plunge is six by ten fret,
 three and a half (!#cp tlie gentlemen’s, eight hyr
 twelve, three and a half ileep. Tlicre are al;o two
 "old douche*. one of which is situated a mile, and tho-
 Jtlier half a mile from the establishment. The former
 sas a fall of (wenty-two feet, the latter eighteen.
 Flu .e-ucry in tins vicinity U gm.tmrMjue and
 romantic. r *"*7» arc a varwty pleasant watka
 usidag n-ar and to springs of pure water. Tit*
 talk* are sufficiently retired to all w wafer-cura
 atnirti to wppc.ur ns they slrculd, plainly dressed,
 rnjoyi.ig their rambles, without ben g exjs sed la
 jgblir -Mae or observation. Since daily experience,'
 ‘or th» last three yen*, lias st ten** hewed hi* &gt;g inior,'
 hat the condition of tlwr skin clear I v indicates ths
 Uaniclcr of many disease*, ami tiie cLuUy or m iUtu y
 &lt;f an invalid Ur bear the water treatment in its
 rariofrs f&lt;&gt;rm« also the neees-ity of uj; I, mg tit*
 by woollen l lanket, or the wet” rlieet, to j rornofw
 tvaporaii m or a sweat, wlien cither may be ucrcV
 «arv and from results which have attended his apple
 ration of tha. trrwtMimf, he hesitates not to say, that
 ihe tin trie symptom i f Ule skin indicates rUuhiy or
 vurr, ami that an invalid, whose *kin is not attended
 with this rvMf/totn, cannot be Nifrlv or DMcrrasfuilyr
 treated witfi water. Among tlw nm plaint* which
 ire here successfully Ironic are puimounry atfeetMio,
 liver complaints, jaundice, acute or chronic inihim
 malion of tlie bowel*. piles, &lt;’y»j epsia, general dc-'
 bilitv, net von* and spinal a'diimit, iiitlnn inotory
 nr cluiMlo- rheu:!tul:».n, nrurah'ia, .riufira, lasts
 limbs, tiara!) .'is, fever*, -ait rl.&lt; ui, si ruuiou* and
 rry siia-ra* humors.
 All patients who visit tliis «staLliahicwnt for m
 roune of treatment, ehmd.i form-li thrn.x-ives with
 three condorbJare, three wm.ilen blankets, one burn
 irwi three cntirm dero, two pillow raw six crash
 i u.w U, ■uaor- wed wish linen, to fit Urn In mentations,'
 lan okl rlouh or mi itl&gt; so! a svitng'-.*
 Term* for trenfmeot an I Ir ani are f 5 50 per
 week ,Ur those who nrrsjv rr*,m* *m thi* third Hour
 jui) lire fan and Mtwiid ka il, fff Ml per week,
 payable weekly waging extra. A slant, who,
 from choice or nereseily, is t oj wv a loowi ahane, «s
 j the thirrl thear, will jay t$ W |*r w*w4; oh tha
 brat and sc ornl Moors, *9 SO par week. Imslwl*
 i who arc so I. Lie a* to need extra atU uttoo aaei lira
 in their rw-wa, &lt;nr awathmg paapaer*,) witf
 procure ik-rir owu ntu*c&gt; and foel, m rav aa extra
 ;p»*cc*
 V. Itlfif.LES.
 XrtknmpAn, A nr. W 47.-
 \.U. The sflirifd.tksif' w of l«ii g mmurd in
 tegmd to flab- cnsHpkiintV, ant of axeiUi ing tin
 mlrayiSedans* of the water-etne in their putmihl
 ease, alßMthl (tl on Torwtays and Friday
 Thi* instrument sui be lUawatii tt dn ceta-
 Idiuhnwirf.
 tITIIJJAM II r/WAN; Hewer in TW irmoldn
 V Kuola ami Macs, ('■dost Hunt, .N«&lt;*
 IV.'frd.
 W, B&lt; L. keep eo.’otaodv m ham) a pad t****-'
 me&gt;j, ami will mil far rush, Ihixi aiiami
 fwi i t*» (wtMit4ude auk, Lj Afrsms. I’wUt son
 Ihi is.
 WAttl UN (-TON 84 HfTZJSi
 \Y Jluei 9t«wt, Kc&amp;tpt’* IhwLmr* Hastfarfdy
 CoatMettral.
 THE I&gt;EI~4M'AAE .iBfJIITIOMkT.
 i c«S Wa-w~ rz_:*'*££££
 W *Y Sa i- ttH? iA-diawa sB egg
 Jkiwtv Fw.H le Mt a fWmiuee, aWwi
 he fon a half wefwss s&amp;ef. it fwceli -fie
 evmrpr tear. twe*sy-famraa»Siker», hsiliU
 .Srvoted iu tWMorafsatroa fls IHfawata, a«4 will ad.
 urate it* w.cuad.»«m*« t ty all Li a hi) mwm,
 sil hr pdkAei ariwt moeth!&gt;, if mrmn* ate of*
 faedsd, «s Ottant as Aw mraas'eaa hr r. ,ml.
 JAMES*
 f Aluhing
"
