"Slavery mm? the Missionary Work.
 As an illustration of the blinding influence
 of slavery, we opy the following advertise
 ment from lit* Aelieioua Heftld, a Baptist
 paper, published in Richmond, Va.
 WHO WANTS $35,000 IN PROPERTY?
 1 am desirous to spend tbe balance of my
 life as a Missionary, if the Lord permit, and
 therefore, offer for sale my Farm, The Vine
 yard, adjacent to Williamsb'urgh, and con
 taining about 600 acres —well watered, well
 wooded, and abounding in marl—together
 with alt the crops and stock, and utensils
 thereon.
 Also, my home and lot in townt fitted up
 as a boarding establirhinent, with all the fur
 niture belonging to the same.
 Also, about forty Servants, mostly young
 and like.y, and rapidly increasing in number
 and value.
 To a kind master, I would put the whole
 property at the reduced price of thirty-five
 thousand dollars, and arrange the paymems
 entirely to suit the purchaser, provided tbe
 interest be annually paid.
 SCERVANT JONES.
 Would any Northern Christian believe it
 possible, that a true disciple of him who came
 to preach deliverance to the captive, and the
 opening of the ptison to the bound, could as
 sign, aa a reason for wishing to sell forty hu
 man beings, a pious and benevolent desire to
 be a missionary Mr. Jones does this, and
 apparently in all sincerty Slavery has blind
 ed him.
 In the hope of seeming a purchaser, he as
 sures all who read, that his forty servants are
 mostly young and likely, and rapidly increas
 ing in number and value. He thus virtually
 claims the right to seize upon and hold as his
 own, every child jhat may be born to any ol
 those whom he calls his servants, and he pro
 poses to transfer that right to the purchaser
 of his human chattels. Yet he seems un
 conscious that iii so doing he is giving the
 highest sanction in his power to a practice
 which the Scriptures rank among the highest
 crimes,—to man-stealing Slavery has blind
 ed him.
 He takes credit to himself as being willing
 to tell bia servants at a reduced price, provid
 ed the purchaser is a kind raas’er. lie has
 probably uever thought of the Question wheth
 er it is possible for one who deals in mortal
 men as merchandize to be kind; and he seems
 equally oblivious of the fact, that, whatever
 may be the character of the buyer, the per
 sons bought may, by his death or insolvency,
 speedily be thrown into other hands. Slavery
 has blinded him.
 And what of the editor and publisher who
 is willu g to give cuirency to such an adver
 tisemeut lor money? Is he not blind also?
 Western. Christian.
 Epistle of. Michigan Yearly eet ing ol
 Friends,
 Held at Livonia, Wayne county, by adjourn
 merit from the 6i h to the 8t h, inclusive of t/u
 1 0th month, 1849.
 Dear Friend .—Couvened at this time ir
 the capacity of a yearly meeting, we havt
 been led gratefully to remember the bles
 sings which have been bestowed upon us b\
 the DivineGivet, not the least among which
 ia the privilege of thus assembling in socia
 and religious intercourse—to offer a willing
 and heartfelt tribute of praise to the greai
 Fountain of all Good. With high and holy
 aspirations that we may be led into a life oi
 polity—of goodness—of charity and love
 and that being brought under subjection anc
 obedience to Divine lequirements, we may bt
 fitted to fulfil the duties which lie in oui
 path, we have taken sweet counsel together
 and been made sensible that a blessing is ir
 store for those who labor in the Vineyard o
 righteousness. Few io numbers and wear
 in human power, we have passed through
 baptism of trials, and, as we believe unde;
 Divine guidance, have been enabled to pam
 through it unharmed, and at a Ibrraer meet
 ing to adopt for the outward regulation of th&lt;
 body, a code of discipline much in accordanci
 with gospel simplicity and truth. Recog
 nizmg ourselves as members of the Humai
 family at large and children of one conmiui
 Father, we acknowledge also the duty o
 alleviating the distresses and sufferings of ou
 fellow men to the exient of our ability—am
 of testifying against the wrengs and injuriei
 inflicted by arbitrary power upon the unfortu
 rate and helpless in all parts of the world
 We rejoice to know that our feelings of com
 miseration for these wrongs are deeply svm
 petbised with by a large and increasing num
 berof aincere hearted Philanthropists, who*
 •fforts for their amelioration are an honor t
 humanity. Regarding well jjiiecled efforts o
 this nature with a waim approuai, we are de
 sirous of lending our aid to iheee measure
 of Christan benevolence w hich aim at tb&lt;
 restoration of the rights of man, and at th&lt;
 raising up of the down-trodden image ot God
 We are firm in the bslief, that man must am
 will be elevated,—that he will yet be redeem
 •d from the thraldom of Pi iestly and Kingh
 power—that acting in accordance with th!
 noble faculties of Humanity and the Divim
 impulses of his nature, will throw**!} ihi
 shackles of tyranny, and be enables to fill ihi
 station of usefulness in the world designed bi
 his heavenly Parent. We have viewed will
 painful commiseration, the noble, self sacri
 fleing, but perhaps wrongly directed efforts o
 tbe oppressed millions of Europe to throw oi
 a portion of the weight of tvranny they fel
 no longer able to endure. They are agau
 crushed to the earth We can do no mori
 than pity their sad fate. It is a strong cor
 roboration of the truth of the testimony, tha
 “they that use the sword shall perish by th&lt;
 •word.’’ We fed not to blame them, they
 will yet have better feelings and more en
 lightened views. In how clear a light do the
 advantages with which we are surrounded
 appear when contrasted with the sufferings
 which are the portion of the great mass ol
 the human family; and it is earnestly to bt
 desired that we may oe fully impressed with
 tbe feeling of the responsibility that rests
 upon us in view of these blessings. If wt
 are imbued with love to God and his children,
 can we monopolize those blessings to our
 selves? Must we not feel the necessity ol
 imparting them liberally to others? May we
 be concerned individually to look at ihw mat
 ter, and be encouraged to follow the promp
 ting of duty. We have not been unmindful
 or uninterested observers of the efforts made
 towards reform in the religious world.—Here,
 as io the nation at large, has been great com
 motion, and here as there, signs of improve
 ment are manifested.
 We have seen and felt that commotion in
 our own society, sud been made sensible that
 some of the most cherished ties of Friendship
 have been partially broken; but we feel' that
 the spirit of love still reigns, and that, al
 though affi lilies may be weakened, they are
 not destroyed; and «e withhold not the hand
 of Christian Fellowship from those whom,
 though not disunited with us in an outward
 religious connection, we ha ve never ceased
 io love; ana wo shall strive to harbor no un
 kind feelings towards any by whom we may
 have felt ourselves aggrieved. There are
 others, who like us, have passed through th*-
 trying ordeal of being separated (rum a dear-
 Id prized and long cherished religious connec
 lion. With such we can truly and feelingly
 sympathise; and although we may differ irotu
 them in some views regaiding s religious or
 ganization, or on some points of Christian
 duty, we are conscious that one circle of re
 ligious brotherhood may embrace us all, and
 we are alike endeavoring for the establish
 ment and diffusion of purity ia righteousuess.
 love in religiuo, sud philanthropy towards
 our fellow men.
 ffeviog raised the standard of righteous
 ness aloft, above the narrow views of aecur?»&gt;*
 policy, and inscribed on us folds tbe glorious
 motto of “Love to God in the highest, peace
 on earth and good trill to men,’’ let us unite
 wife a humble dependence on tbe arm ol
 Diviee Power—to a resolute determination
 to fellow it to tbo end, showing on example
 to the world, that we ere actuated by the
principles that wa profess, and gowned by
 that aptiit of Low which we esteem it aaefa
 a privilege to be enable to follow.
 With aspirations for foe welfare ofhuman
 iiy, and with the salutation of love, we re
 main yonr friends.
 Signed by direction of the Meeting:
 Thomas Chamdleb, J
 Abigail Llpham, J c er
 Meeting of the Mnssnchnsetts Anti-
 Slavery Society.
 My dear Fbiend You have asked m&lt;
 for some account of my trip to Boston, ant
 1 avail my self of the first leisure moment sinct
 my return to comply with your request.
 1 had long desired to bo in Boston during
 one of their anti-slavery festivals, but nevei
 until this season, had a convenient opportum
 ty of realising my wish. At the first open
 ring of the meeting, I must confess to somr
 feeling of disappointment. The place of as
 setnbling was as you know, Faneoil Hall;
 capacious edifice, admirably adapted to largi
 popular gatherings, but illy suited for thi
 business meetings of a comparatively loca
 Society. One consequence was, in this case
 that the attendance though quite respectabli
 tu nnmbers for the beginning of a meeting
 appeared, in the midst of so much unoccupiei
 space to be discouragingly small. Added t&lt;
 this was the meagre number of speaker
 around the platform. Garrison, whose pres
 •-nee seems almost indispensable on such oc
 c isions, was confined at home by sickness
 and it was said, would probably not be abl
 to attend any of the meetings. Tne Foster
 were absent; as were also Douglass, Re
 mood, W. W. Brown, C. C. Burleigh am
 others, whose voices have been wont at time
 like this to wake up the echoes of the ol&lt;
 Cradle of Liberty. Then the atmospheri
 temperature was at quite too low a figure fo
 a good meeting. I have never yet seen an
 considerable degree of life or warmth in a
 assembly where the temperature ranged muc
 below 70 degrees Fathrenheit.
 The meeting was called to order by it
 veteran President, Francis Jackson, we
 known by reputation to all the readers of th
 Freeman Eliza Kenny and Samuel May
 Jr., were appointed secretaries. A busines
 committee was chosen, consisting of the fo
 lowing persons —Wm. L. Garrison, Wende
 Phillips, Daniei Foster, Parker Pillsburj
 Charles F. Hovey, Lucy Stone, of Wei
 Brookfield, Annie W. Weston, of Wey
 mouth. (The names of S. H. Gay and J
 M. McKim were afterwards added.) Th
 Report of tire Treasurer was read, showin
 the receipts of the society for the past year t
 have been $6lBB, including $2324 from th
 Bazaar. The disbursements, were $5844
 leaving a balanoe on hand of 244. Next fo
 lowed the Annual Report of the Board*
 Managers, d/awn up as usual by Edmun
 Quincy. This was a masterly docuiuetn
 giving a comprehensive history of the ant
 sla\ery cause during the past year, and pn
 seining in the writer’s peculiar and furcibl
 maimer, all the striking facis which have lalle
 out during that time. These Reports of Ih
 Massachusetts Society, by the way, wlul
 they will make easy work for the future hit
 lorian, furnish in the mean time for the cot
 venient use of abolitionists, a record, in ur
 broken chain of all the most interestin
 events that have transpired in connection wit
 the cause.
 At 1 o'clock the Society took a recess f&lt;
 dinner. In the atternoon tho meeting bega
 to fill up. The Business Committee repoite
 a series of some four or five resolutions, whic
 will be found, with others, in another columi
 Parker Pilsbury look the floor, and spoli
 with his usual ability. He was followed b
 E. Quincy and W. Phillips, who occupie
 the remaining part nf the afternoon. In th
 evening the audience was still on the ii
 crease, and the spirit of the meeting was pr&lt;
 portionally more lively. The first speaki
 was Samuel May, Jr. an unpretending an
 somew hat diffident man, but one who, by if
 dignity of his manner, and good sense an
 pertinence of his remarks on this oecasioi
 commanded general attention, and made
 wholesome impression. He was followed t
 Robert Edmonds, a Scotchman by birth, bi
 who had been living in South Carolina ti
 about two years since, when he wasconvicic
 by a Lynch Court of being an abuliuonis
 and of having attempted to teach some slavi
 to read the Bible, and was adjudged for the:
 offences to be tarred and feathered and banisl
 ed from the State the whole of which set
 tence was duly executed. Mr. Edmunds p
 Idled his story with great e mphetty an
 impressivners, and was listened to by tf
 audience with marked manifestations of syn
 paihy. Parker Pdlsbury and Wendell Phi
 lips successively followed Mr. taking h
 narrative for their text. They-held up th
 outrage as an admirable comment on the valt
 of our Union and the character of our coi
 federates; and such a torrent of scorchinj
 scathing indignation as they gave utterance i
 on this occasion, 1 have rarely had the priv
 lege of hearing. The audience seemed to t
 in general sympathy with the speakers, ar
 with slight exception, sustained them wit
 manifestations of their approval.
 But it was not until the next day—the set
 ond day of the meeting—that the ball wj
 fairly opened. By this time the feelings
 the people began to rise toward blood-hea
 The seats in the body of the hall were gei
 erally occupied, while many persons stood i
 the aisles. New speakers also came upo
 the platform; several of them for the purpoa
 of defending the Fiee Soil party, whiett i
 the course of the discussions had been severe
 ly handled. Win. A. White,of Watertowr
 was one of these. He venerated, he said
 the old pioneer society.—-He had been fc
 many years, and was still, a member of ii
 and was proud to co-operate in its ranks, bsi
 at the same time, be fell at liberty to act wit
 T tbe Free Soil party, and gave some of hi
 reasons for so doing. These reasons seemei
 to be satisfactory to a number of peisons whi
 stood in the outskirts of the meeting, am
 who testified their approval in the usual way
 but they elicited no especial rejoinder iron
 those to whom they were more particular)'
 directed. Christopher List, formerly of Phil"
 adelphia, also took ground on the same side
 He bore high testimony to the anti-slaver
 character and efficiency of Win. Lloyd Gurrt
 son and his associate, but contended, that a
 we could not be perfect in this world—as w&lt;
 were compeliu to be inconsistent, beinj
 creatures of circumstances—as we were ob
 liged to do things that were in theroaelvei
 wrung, we had a right to resort to expedten
 cy, and therefore fo act in the manner ap
 proved by the Free Soil party. All thesr
 aiguineuis, and others more specious tha
 were not urged, were fully answered am
 exploded—as I think, some of the Free Soi
 men themselves, if they had been condid
 woyld have admitted; and asm fact they did
 admit virtually by declining to ente( the
 arena in their own defence. Such men si
 Henry Wilson, of Natick and others of the
 same ilk, who were at home in the meeting
 and on the platform, would not have let then
 cause go by default, if they had anything
 which they themselves could rely upon, te
 say in its support.
 In addiiiuu to Free Soiliam, foe Whig
 party, the Democratic party, Lewis Cass,
 General Taylor, Daniel Webster, Father
 Mathew, the Church, and the State, Ac. Ac.
 constituted topics of discussion. The State,
 however—the Federal compact, that dark
 “covenant with dea b,” came in for the prin
 cipal share of anirualvetson. It would have
 dime you good to listen on this subject to the
 burning invective of Quincy, and the thril
 ling and exciting appeals of Phillips— to say
 nothing at all of the crushing hyperboles o»
 Parker Pilitbury. Ail this, you, and the
 ,-eaders of the Freeman, who have heard these
 cap better imagine than I can
 describe.
 But I bare no time nor space for further
 details of this interesting meeting. If this
 week's Standard or Liberator, should hot
 furnish you the fail proceedings, 1 think, I
 shell be tempted to prepare for foe next Vim-
man some fuither account of what transpired
 during it* sessions.
 1 most not close, however without savin*
 something of the meeting on Thursday even
 inf. It had been announced that on thu
 evening, Betsey Blakely, the young girl wht
 escaped a few weeks sines, from Wilmington
 N. U. u&gt; Boston, in the bold of a vessel, am
 whom ths the captain of tbs vessel and hei
 owner suspecting her to be secreted on board
 had essayed in vain to smoke oat of her hid
 ing place, would he present with soothe
 escaped slave—a man —from the same place
 The Hall was well filled, and among tin
 audience and near the platform, was pointet
 out to me Frederica Bremer, sitting by the
 side of Cl.arlea Sumner, who bad accom
 panied her to the meeting. Samuel May Jr
 presented the girl to the audience—a most in
 leresting looking creature she was —am
 ielated her story. He wsa followed by Luc]
 Slone, who made an appropriate and mos
 touching speech. There were many over
 flowing eyes in the house. Min Breme
 listened with deep attention and evident feel
 ing.
 After Lucy Slone the colored man spoke
 He was illiterate, but had the eloquence o
 nature, and spoke with great efftci. Thei
 followed Quincy in an admirable speech, ant
 a Tier him came Wendell in one of his mot
 eloquent efforts. The effect of the whole wai
 electric, and the audience was deeply moved
 Miss Bremer whom, I observed closely, kep
 her eyes fixed upon the speakers as they sue
 ccsBively took the stand, apd seemed to listei
 with wrapt attention. At the conclusion o
 the meeting, a collection was taken up fo
 the benefit of the girl; and I nofeed tha
 when the hat came round to Miss Biemershi
 rose from her seat as if in lestimon) of he
 leeiing, and put in her contribution. She hai
 previously sent up to the girl a spiendn
 boquet of flowers which she had brought will
 her to the meeting. This was handsome 11
 out distnguished Swedish guest, was it not
 Garrison appeared at the meeting on thi
 last day, and spoke with more than his usua
 abi'ity. Theodore Parker also made
 speech, part of which was intended for a de
 tense or, or more properly speaking an apolo
 gy tor the church, and the Free Soil party
 Among the audience, at several of th&lt;
 sessions was our old friend Jno. G. Whittier
 I an attentive, and I hope not an unedifie*
 listener.
 But I must stop, as the printer can onl
 find room for what I wiite by crowding ou
 other and perhaps mote profitable matter.
 J. M. McKm.
 ~THE~ NORTH STAR.
 ROCHESTER, FEBRUARY 8, 1860.
 The North Star i» sometimes sent to friend
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that tiie
 mav see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions an
 donations for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester
 N. Y.
 QC^YVawted— Several Travelling Agents
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. J
 liberal commission will be given. Nor e need appl
 i but such as can bring good recommendations lo
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
 i
 Remond and the Field
 ANTI-SLAVERY MEETINGS.
 I Mifflin W. Gibbs, of Pennsylvania, am
 Charles Lenox Remond, of Massachusetts
 will visit and address the people on the abovi
 r subject, in the following places
 January 31st, Thursday, Canandaigua
 j February Ist, Friday,
 3d, Sunday, Roshville.
 i f* 4th, Monday, Penn Yan.
 fith, Tuesday,
 6th, Wednesday, Branchport.
 I 7th, Thursday, Prausburg.
 Bth&amp;9th, Fiid.&amp;Sat. Bath.
 1 lO&amp;llth, Sun.&amp; Mo. Corning.
 12th, Tuesday, Elmira,
 Wednesday, Millport,
 j Let our friends in the above plaices givi
 our friends Remond and Qibbs a cordial re
 ception, and secure for them large audiences
 •j by circulating the notices far and wide, am
 thereby advance our glorious cause.
 Rochester, Jan. 30, 1850.
 j Father Mathew.—This once great, bui
 now unfortunate man, has written a letter u
 j Judge Lumpkin of Georgia, which mutt sink
 him to the lowest point of debasement it
 the estimation of many of the be9t men tha
 world affords, who until his visit to thii
 countty, entertained for him the profoundea
 1 respect, the warmest regard, and the highest
 admiration. We place his letter to the in*
 i famous slaveholder, Lumpkin, in anotliei
 1 column. Let the reader contrast this servile,
 cringing and fawning letter of Father Ma
 thew, with the bold and manly address signed
 by the same Father a few years ago. f.d.
 Cheap Postage.—lt is cheering to ob
 serve that our fellow-citizens in Rochester,
 are awaking to the importance of a cheap and
 uniform rate of pottage. The movement in
 this direction, is decidedly lo be ranked as
 one of the great reforms of the present day.
 Every improvement in the means of carrying
 and spreading intelligence, is step towards
 the destruction of slavery and other forms of
 injustice in onr land.—f. d.
 To Correspondents.
 The article from the Christian Citizen,”
 to which our correspondent at Johnston, R.
 1., refers, was inserted in our paper during
 our absence from home. Its highly compli
 mentary character was not the reason for its
 insertion in the North Star. It is the custom
 of our Publisher, when we are absent on sn
 anti-slavery tout, to copy notices of our labora
 from other papets. The notice from the
 Christian Citizen, is but one of the many that
 have appeared in the North Star from time to
 time. Ii cannot be expected of us to explain
 the reaaona for the different kinds of notices
 called forth by our speeches. Our anti
 slavery position is, we hope, pretty well un
 derstood, at least among abolitionists. We
 can only say, that, on all occasions, we bear
 I an unequivocal testimony against a pro-slavery
 church, a slaveholding government, and tbe
 blood stained Union of these States. This
 we do, in such language ss we are able to
 command, and which, in our judgment, seems
 best ealculated to convince Jhe minds, and to
 convert tbe heart* of our hearers. This we
 tritd to do in Worcester; god if we (ailed,
 the error waa “of the head, and not of the
 keurl.”—r. d.
 We, solicit a continuance of tbe favors
 of pur esteemed friend, R. D., of Phila
 delphia.*-#. |k
 The letter from our friend, J. H., of Leeds,
 bee beta received.—f. d.
Hnnr Clay ud Slavery.
 Long tad assiduously have the deride&lt;
 ami contemned advocates of emancipatiot
 labored in the work of disseminating thei
 principles and opinions at the North; am
 anxiously have they looked forward to tbr
 period when these opinions and principle
 should be brought before the entire nation
 That time has now arrived. Not withstand
 jag that the slaveholders of the Sooth, will
 equal assiduity have been active in originating
 schemes, with a view to stay the progress o
 these opinions and principles, and in fortify
 iag the system of slavery against attack, b;
 trampling upon the right of petition, by sup
 pressing free discussion, by fettering th&lt;
 American press, by gagging the Americai
 pulpit, and by enlarging their borders, —thr
 judgment-day of slavery is dawn ng—thr
 devices of the oppressor, thanks to the Got
 of the oppressed, have most signally failed—
 the wisdom of the crafty has been con
 founded, and the counsels of the ungodl]
 have been brought to noughtthe grea
 movement for freedom baa rolled onwarr
 with a speed accelerated in proportion to dir
 amount of opposition arrayed against it
 This should be a time of rejoicing with tin
 1 humble laborers in the cause. We speal
 advisedly, and in no canting spirit, when wr
 i term 'bis cause holy for if to have triumph
 ed over foes mighty and muliitudiuous—l&lt;
 have removed mountains of difficulty,—if tr
 have, with one, chased a thousand,” ant
 i Hllth two, to have put ten thousand tr
 i flight,” be any evidence of the guaidianshi]
 1 of Heaven, we can say, with one of old
 Truly the Lord is with us.” This dread
 ed agitation, so feeble in its commencement
 now rocks the land, from end to end. Thr
 vexed question of slavery has forced itse)
 into the councils of the nation and, like the
 rod of the Hebrew deliverer, ii has swallower
 I up all other topics. Scarcely a day har
 passed since the meeting of the present Con
 t gress, but that the baled subject has been thr
 1 theme of fiery discourse. Our entire ex
 change comes to us laden with leaders ant
 speeches on this once obscure and strictly
 avoided topic. The public mind has reaohec
 a point of interest and excitement unprece'
 denied. The Sout hdemands the extensior
 of slavery into ihe new terriiories; while
 the North sternly insisis upon its exclusion
 but words pass on borh sides, and the wave*
 r of agitation rise higher and higher. It is ai
 J this juncture that the ci&amp;fty Clay, with his
 characteristic temper and skill, has thrown
 himself on the turbid waters of debate. He
 comes, as he is wont to do, with that soft and
 gentle diction, and in that spirit of concilia
 tion and compiomise, for which he has been
 1 so long and so highly distinguished. He
 wishes, as usual, to revive the expiring em
 bers of to soothe all asperities—
 to allay all sectional jealousies, and to knit
 j the nation into a firmer bond of union. He
 has presented a .stung of resolutions to the
 Senate, for the purpose, (to use his own lan
 guage,) of making an amtcable arrange
 I tnent of all questions in controversy between
 fAe free and the slave States, growing out oj
 the subject of slavery This object, it must
 be admitted, is a comprehensive one and it
 displays no small ambition that any one man
 should essay to accomplish it. But let this
 pass. V\ ill he succeed? is the question. We
 think not. The plan which Mr. Clay pro
 poses, like all Southern compromises, gives
 everything to Liberty, in words, and secures
 everything to Slavery, in deeds. He is most
 generous in giving away that which he does
 not possess; but is never betrayed into the
 weakness of bestowing that which he has the
 power to retain. The first Resolution of his
 compromise goes the enormous length of pro
 pping the admission of California into the
 Union, without forcing her to open her golden
 j domain to the foul and corrupting system o|
 What s magnificent concession is
 here! Ought not every Northern man to
 bow, with grateful emotion, to the magnani
 mous man by whom it is proffered This
 liberal and generous concession, to be fully
 appreciated, must be viewed in the light of
 certain notorious facts. The first fact is, that
 i California has already, with singular unani
 raity, adopted a constitution which excludes
 i for ever the foul system of bondage from her
 borders. The next fact is, that she has
 already received, from the present Adminis
 tration of the United States goverument, es
 pecial marks of its approbation. Another
 fact is, with the growing population of Cali
 fornia, her vast extent and boundless wealth,
 she is, of herself sufficiently strong to com
 mand respect, witnout asking the favor ol
 any and ihe last and most important fact ol
 all is, that the North has the disposition and
 power to admit her into the Union, with oi
 without the generous compromise, so nobly
 and complacently presented by that father ol
 compromise-, Henry Clay. Mr. Clay’s
 proffered liberality is about as noble as that
 of a highwayman, who, when in the power
 of a traveller, and on his way to prison, pro
 poses a consultation, and offers to settle the
 unhappy difficulty which has occurred be
 tween himself and the latter, by accepting
 the half of the contents of his purse, assur
 ing him, at the same time, that if his pistol
 had not missed fire, he might haye possessed
 himaelt of the whole. This assuming to
 concede, as a mark of liberality, the right of
 a State to enter this Union, without being
 compelled to have the foul curse of slavery
 fastened upon her, would be about as ridicu
 lous as it is disgraceful; but that the slight
 est token of concession, on the part of the
 South to the North, is hailed by so many
 doughfaces with marks of humble gratitude
 The impudence of slaveholders exceeds ev
 erything They talk abont the rights
 of slavery, just as if it were possible for
 slavery to have rights. The right to intro
 duce it into the new territories! the constitu
 tions! right, Ac* Shame on such insolent
 pretensions! Slavery has no aroHrs. It is
 a foul and damning outrage upon ail rights,
 and has no right to exist anywhere, in or out
 ol the territories. The earth is the Lord’s,”
 and righteousness should cover it;” and
 be who concedes any part of it to tha intro
 duction of slavery, is an enemy to God, an
 invader of hn dominion, and a rebel against
 bis government.
 The next resolution of Mr. Clay adopts
 practically, the non-intervention doctrine so
 oniverstlly held up to ridicule by the Whig
 press of th« North, as the offspring of tbst
 prince of sycophants, Gen. Cass- They are
 tokwa j
 Resolved, that the western boundary of the
Stsie of Turn, ought to bo fixed on the Rio
 I del Norte, commencing one marine league
 from it* mouth, tod running up that river t«
 the Southern line of New Mexico thence
 with that tine eastwardly, and oo continuing
 I in the mow direction, to the line established
 between the United Siatee end Spain, ex
 cluding any portion of New Mexico, wbethei
 lying on the earn or weet of that river.
 Resolved, That it be pioposed to the State
 of Texas, that the United States will provide
 i foi the payment of all that portion of the
 r' legitimate and bona jfcfe •public debt of that
 State, contracted prior to its annexation b
 the United Slates, and for which the duties
 on foreign imports were pledged by the said
 r State to its ci*ditor», not exceeding the sum
 of in consideration of the raid duties
 so pledged having been no longer applicable
 to that object, after the aaid annexation, bu
 1 t.aving thenceforward become payable to tht
 i United States; and upon the condition, also.
 u, *t the State of Texas shall, by some aol
 j ema and authentic act of her Legislature, &lt;n
 of a (Convention, relinquish to the Uniteo
 States any claim which it has to any part ol
 New Mexico.
 No comments on the foregoing resolutions,
 1 are needed from us. We put them on record
 J merely as links in the chain of this compio-
 B lt will be seen that Mr. Clay does
 not concede the justice of the claims which
 B Texas has recently set up, for a large portion
 k of New Mexico. So far so good.
 e Tne fifth and siith resolutions are as fol
 low*
 a
 Resolved, That it is inexpedient to abolish
 Slav:ryin the District of Columbia, while
 that institution continues to exist in the Stale
 o ol Mjry land, without the consent of that State,
 p wiihoqji the consent of- the people of the
 Di-triCt, and without just compensation to the
 ownets of slaves within thu District.
 But, Revolved, That it is expedient to
 prohibit within the District the slave-trade,
 e iu slaves brought into it from States or places
 f beyond the limits of the District, either to bt
 sold therein as merchandize, or to be trans
 e ported to other markets without the Distiict
 d of Columbia.
 8 If the abolition of slavery is to depend
 1 upon the assent of the slaveholders of Mary
 e lajad, and the other contingencies specified, ii
 ia.caay to see that slavery la the District ol
 Columbia cannot be reached until the lasi
 j vestige of slavery has disappeared from tht
 State of Maryland. When that event lakes
 place, there will be no necessity for compio
 mise. And so far as these resolutions hav«
 e any bearing at all, their effect will be to cloj
 the Wheels of emancipation.
 it What is said about abolishing the slave
 a trade in the District of Columbia, is a mere
 n ruM since the slavetraders of Maryland can
 e easily reside in Washington, and sell theii
 slaves out of that city, under the very man
 agement which pretends to obstruct the trade
 n While slavery remains in the District, and the
 e r *gh* to buy and sell is retained by the slave
 holders, it will be imposaible to suppress the
 slavf-trade there.
 The seventh resolution in the series is at
 follows
 e
 e Resolved, That more effectual provision
 ought to be made by law, accotdiug to tlu
 requirement of the Constitution, for the re*
 titution and delivery of persons bound to set
 n v ice or labor in any State who may escapi
 e into any other State or territory in thi
 Union.
 X
 n Hardened as we have had reason tq believi
 n Mi. Clay to be, and inconsistent as he alwayi
 s is, we scarcely expected such a resolution
 e from him as the foregoing, at this time, ant
 K in sucli a connection. When the sympathy
 s of the nation has, by his eloquence and tha
 8 of others, just been wrought up to the great
 t est intensity for the Hungarian fugitives from
 g oppression, that he should propose such i
 e resolution, at suck a time, for hunting dowi
 e fugitives in out own land whd are fleeing
 s from a bondage and tyranny far more terrible
 _ than that of Austria, is almost as shocking ti
 e our sense of propriety, as i
 n is revolting to our moral perceptions of rig h
 t and wrong.
 8 B ut we give Mr. Clay’s eighth and las
 0 resolution, that the reader may judge for him
 _ soil as to the benefit which freedom will de
 s live from this mis named compromise. T«
 v us, the whole seems like the handle of a
 t jug—all on one side.
 t Resolved, That Congress has no power it
 prohibit or obstruct the trade in slavestaiweer
 the tlaveholding States but that the admia
 -9 sion or exclusion of slaves brought from om
 i into another of them, depends eiclusivelj
 l upon their own particular laws.
 This resolution declares what is not true.—
 If there be any meaning in words, the Con
 r stitution of the U. S. does confer upon Con
 gress full powers to abolish the slave trad&lt;
 between the States. Having already ex
 tended this article beyond the limits we had
 f prescribed, we bring it at once to a close.—
 f r.
 1
 r Pawtucket Annual Fair.
 j. The Anti-Slavery Women of Pawtucket
 R. 1., will open their Fourteenth Annuai
 Fait, at Manchester Hall, Mill street, Feb’y
 1 20th, at 2 o’clock P. M., to continue through
 r the following afternoon and evening.
 At this period of their anti-slavery labor,
 they feel it to be unnecessary to urge the im
 portance of the cause they are seeking to ad
 vance, or their desire for the continued co
 operation of those who have for so many
 years extended a helping hand, or to do more
 than simply remind their friends,that the yeai
 has rolled by which brings them again before
 the public, with the products of thetr ingenu
 ity and industry, as solicitors for patronage
 and bounty, on behalf of the sighing bond
 men.”
 It ia hoped that the exertions new making,
 will render the prospective Fair equal in in
 terest to any previous one; and it remains
 with the friend* of freedom to decide whether
 it shall not be far more productive.
 On behalf of the Association,
 SUSAN SISSON.
 Pawtucket, Ist Mo. 29, 1860.
 Slavic** and State Madness.—The Ver
 raont resolutions on the subject of slavery
 were transmitted to the Governor of Virginia
 who sent them to the legislature with a de
 nunciatory message. An unheard of excite
 inent at onoe broke out, and the following
 among other ridiculous resolutions, were pto
 pused.
 Resolved By the General Assembly of Vir
 ginia, that the resolutions from the State ol
 Vermont, on the Commonwealth, with a re
 quest titat they he returned to the Governor ot
 Vermont, and that tbe Governor, of Vermont
 be informed that the Legislature of Virginia
 understood their constitutional rights, and
 mean bi maintain them.
 Resolved, By the General Assembly, that it
 be and is hereby recommended to the peoph
 of \	fftma, not to wiport, purchase, orcon
 mma any amete, the produce or the menu
 fiMtare of the State of Vermont, er of any
State in ibis Union, which shall address 10
 Virginia the language of menace or of re
 proach.
 BloCkucy, near Philadelphia, t
 Ist Mo. Slat, 1860.
 Faroe rick Douglass :—ln the North Star
 of the 26ihjnst., 1 find a petition to Qaeen
 Victoria from the women of Ireland, and also
 a letter from Belfast to thyself. (Janat thou
 spare a little space for a few remarks upon
 them
 None can regret more than I, that the
 treaties between Brazil and Spain, respect
 ively, and Giest Britain, for the abolition ol
 the African slave trade, have not been fulfilled
 by the people of the former countries and 1
 would rejoice if the British Government
 could adopt some pacific measures to accom
 plish this grand object. But Ido not believe
 that any measure which does not strike at the
 root of slavery itself, can ever destroy the
 slavetrade. One of the fundamental princi
 plea of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery
 Soicety, is thus expressed That so long
 as slavery exists, there is no reasonable pros
 pect of the annihilation of the slavetrade, ano
 of extinguishing the sale and barter of bumai
 beings,” dtc. I believe this a great tiuih,
 which should be kept constantly in view by
 every laborer in the anti-slavery cause.
 It is well known that the combined fleet
 of Great Britain, France and the Uniteo
 Slates, have not only tailed to put down th«
 African slavetrade, but have actually in
 creased its horrors. The women of Ireland,
 in their petition, implore the QueCn to re
 quire her ministers to adopt such meaJurts a*
 they shall deem requisite to enforce the fulfil
 inent of the solemn treaties with Spain, Por
 ugal snd Brazil, for the total abolition of thu
 nefarious traflße,” Ac. Thy Belfast corre
 spondenl acknowledges that many peison.-
 refused to sign the petition, because they
 considered its language too strong, and at
 indicating the propriety of a resort to wariikt
 measures. This,” she says, “we shoulo
 regret as much as they, provided the grealei
 evil can be removed without resorting to so
 dreadful an alternative.”
 It is evident from this language, in connec
 tion with this petition, that the signers con
 template war against the offending nations
 at least as an alternative in case other meas
 ures fail. Will not American abolitionists
 geneially, regret that their warm-hearted and
 benevolent Irish sisters should for a singh
 moment sanction the unchristian dogma, “thai
 the end justifies the means.”
 I like much better than this, the memoria
 to the Queen, recently circulated in England,
 and now awaiting, with 53,000 signatures ol
 British women, a suitable opportunity foi
 presentation, After portraying the oonlinuec
 atrocities of the slavetrade, these petitioner:
 say But while respectfully directing theii
 Majesty’s attention to the Spaniards and Bra
 zilians as the immediate perpetrators of tht
 crime, we cannot conceal from ourselves tht
 fact, that the late enormous increase of tht
 slavetrade has been coincident with the in
 creased consumption of slave produce in ihit
 country. The Sugar Act was passed ii
 1846, and the results are before the world
 t hut the good and evil, how fearfully dispru
 i purtionale There has been a plentiful sup
 ply of cheap sugar in the markets of ihi
 country, and an increase in the slavetrade o
 more lhan three hundred thousand souls pei
 annum to produce it! But are we so dead t*
 feeling, as to desire that the homes of Africs
 should be ravaged to add to the luxuries of i
 British tea-table? Breathes there a womai
 in our land, who would have her own cuj
 sweetened, by throwing gall into ihe cup of i
 fellow-creature? We are aware that it u
 difficult to apply a remedy to evils which pre
 vail in countries beyond the jurisdiction o
 Great Britain; but we earnestly pray tha
 every legitimate and peaceful means may b&lt;
 resorted to, on the part of your Majesty’s go
 vernuient, to enforce on the governments o
 Brazil and Spain fbe fulfilments of theii
 solemn engagements, by which they' art
 bound riot to permit another cargo of negroei
 to be landed on their shores, and to give lib
 erty to all those slaves who have been unlaw
 lully introduced. And as nothing can bt
 more clear than that slavery is sustained b\
 1 the purchase of its productions, we propost
 for ourselves an immediate and wide-spreac
 abstinence from the slave productions of Cubi
 aud Brazil, and in this we venture to hop*
 for the high sanction of your Majesty’s ex
 ample, and that you will be graciously pleased
 to exclude these productions from the roya&lt;
 household.”
 Permit me again to refer to the Belfast pe
 tition. In reference to the fact, that the sum
 of 1,300,000 was paid by Great Britain tv
 obtain the treaties for the abolition of the
 slavetrade, the petitioners “testify their eagei
 desire to have the bargain, which their
 fathers and brothers paid for, scrupulously
 enforced.” Perhaps the ladies would be
 startled if they were told that they them
 selves, and their fathers and husbands, are
 now paying the Brazilians and Cubans for
 committing the identical act of which their
 petition complains! Yet such is undoubtedly
 the fact.
 Agpin The petitioners wish these un
 grateful nations (Spain and Brazil) may be
 practically taught, without further delay, that
 the British people will not submit to dis
 graceful fraud.” This sounds like a noble
 determination; but what does it mean?
 Heretofore, the British people, and the Irish
 100, have made themselves parties to this
 “disgraceful fraud,” by purchasing its fruits:
 thus giving ibe immediate pcipetrators the
 inducement to commit it. Have they now
 determined to cease this guilty connection,
 sod no longer submit to be participants with
 those Brazilians snd Cubans who, disregard
 ing alike the laws of their own governments
 and the treaties with Great Britain, continue
 to putchaee those foully wronged and per
 secuted people, the victims of the African
 slavetrade,” tor the purpose of supplying the
 people of Great Britain and Ireland with
 cheap sugar and coffee? I fear their lan
 guage will not justify an affirmative answer.
 On the contrary, it would seem \bat, rather
 than banish this sugar and coffee from their
 table, and thus peacefully contribute to effect
 the object of their petition, they would be
 willing to resort to the dreadful aileron
 tive” of overwhelming the people of Brazil
 and Cuba—the guilty and innocent alike—
 with the cruelties and miseries of war.
 Shall we, indeed, continue la sta, thai
 grace or liberty raey abound? “God forbid!”
 Very truly thy friend,
 SAMUEL RHOADS.
Tfc« Aaaaai Meeting of the Massed*.
 ,u AilMliwjr Society.
 We copy, with pleasure, from tha Libera
 tor, the following resolutions, adopted st the
 recent meeting of the old pioneer society.—
 They are well draws, and instinct with light
 •nd life.
 Resolved, Tt.st surprised as we are at the
 simplicity of the Northern press and North
 ern members of Congress, to urging so in
 cessantly upon Southern Disuhmmisi* that
 •heir course will defeat their object, since in
 tne L mon and under the Constitution is the
 on|y security for the permanence and quiet
 enjoyment of slave property, we are still more
 disgusted st the unblushing impudence with
 which these same ediurs and politicians rise
 I rum their servile knees m ask of ihe abuli
 tionists the suppoit of that very instrument
 which they have just proved tuba the cor
 ner-stone of bondage, and a eomlort to the
 oppressor.
 Resolved, That we look upoo it .as one
 source of rejoicing, even in the atrocious sys
 tem of slavery, that the agitation for its ovar
 ihrow, seems destined to waken to life the
 torpid conscience of the nation—to quicken
 its sense of justice, and to recall pure religion
 10 the desecrated temples and whited sepul
 chres which have so long passed lor its
 shrine.
 Resolved, That one chief reason why we
 enter our lebuke against ihe Chubch is, that
 having so long scattered the seeds of retorm
 she sits still, now that the fields arc white for
 the harvest; that she disowns the principles
 which have sprung from her bosom, brands
 hem as infidel, and gathers into her fold those
 nmid sheep whom she can still govern, lest
 .hey be corrupted by the •running to and
 iro, and mcteaso of knowledge’ which her
 prophets have foretold that, claiming to have
 on her bi east plate of righteousness, sue re
 luses to have anything tu do with the battle
 claiming to hold the sword of the Spirit, she
 keeps it nicely sheathed, while other men
 contend tor the faith once dehveisd to the
 saints; and in view of these facta, we pro
 nounce her claim to be the Church of Christ,
 tu uiJe blasphemy,
 Resolved, hat, in view of the anti-slavery
 progress ot the past year, it must be matter
 of surprise to all coming time, ihat in a nation
 -prung from English and Puritan ancestry,
 ihe political arena should he the first to
 iwaken to its duty on a great moral question,
 ind that an agitation like that of ami-slavery
 should owe its progress and suocess far mure
 to the forum than the pulpit— to the-selfish
 broils and time-serving motions at Washing
 ton, than to those who assume to fill the pul
 pus of Cooper and Mahew, and to teach the
 Gospel of Christ.
 Resolved, That we look on the present
 session of Congress as the most useful since
 the organisation ot the Government, and con
 sider its character the result not only of u,,
 virtue and independence of a tew leading
 minds there, but of that awakened public
 opinion of the tree States, of which Wasb
 mgton is but the echo) and this conviction
 gives fresh animation to the zeal with which
 we set ourselves again to the work of re
 educating a corrupt and besotted people.
 Resolved, That we seek a dissolution of
 this Uuiou, first as a measure of individual
 duly 10 cease from sustaining a great evil
 secondly, to secure free action and expression
 lor that degree ot anti-slavery feeling which
 even now exists in the nation, and which is
 either soothed by the pride, cajoled by ihe
 professions, or intimidated by the power of
 ihe great national parlies and seels; thirdly,
 by abstaining Irom all guaranties lu the mas
 ter to leave ihe balance even between ihe two
 races fourthly, to bring closer to the South
 ern conscience the indignation and moral re
 buke of the age, now contused and restrained
 by a fusion of these States; and, lastly, to
 bring to bear on the institution of slavery
 'hose principles of the relative value of free
 and slave laboi—of ihe unchangeable connec
 tion of national prosperity wnh popular pro
 gress and ihe elevation of ihe masses, winch
 has swept chaiteiisro tfom Europe, and will
 put an end it here whenever the break
 water of this Union, which now shields the
 £oulh from their reach, is removed.
 Resolved, That in the lamented death of
 David Ruggles, we mourn the list of an
 early, active, sagacious and persevering friend
 ••I the Anti-Slavery cause—of oiih whose
 professional ability makes his decease a public
 loss, and whose position and success wete
 doing much to weaken the cruel prejudice
 against color—of one whose career proves
 the power of individual intellect and eiiergy
 in making their way under the most trying
 disadvantages of race and position, and of
 personal infirmity and ill health and that we
 commend ihe con inet and character of Dr.
 Ruggles to the study of a pro slavery com
 munity, as evidence of the vigor of a race
 borne down by so many burdens, and to uni
 colored frieud's as a model, the imitation of
 which cannot fail to secure their elevation
 and improvement.
 Kicoived, 'I hat it is with deep regret we
 perceive that the poet Longfellow has pr.mti
 ruled his fine poetical genius to eulogize the
 blood-stained American Union as freighted
 with the hopes and interests of humanity as
 being a noble ship, invulnerable to the rock
 and proof against the storm, built in the most
 skilful and workmanlike manner whereas,
 me history of its creation and its cruise de
 monstrates it to have been
 n i u, berk,
 Built i th eclipse, and rigged with curses c’ark,*—
 oiling thiough all her timbers, leaking from
 stem to stem, laboring heavily on a atmm
 tossed sea, surrounded by clouds of disastrous
 portent, navigated by those whose objeet is a
 piratical one, (namely, the extension and |&gt;er
 petuity of slavery.) and destined logo down,
 •full many a fathom deep,* to the joy and
 exultation of all who are yearning for the de
 li vet anee of a gtoantng world.
 Tnr following is a short, but happy and
 and complete reply to the brilliant hallucina
 tions of Carlyle, on the subjeet of West
 India Emancipation, and the character of the
 negro population of thoee islands. The il
 luminated madcap, Carlyle, should blush, in
 view of his effort to create contempt and
 hatred towards a people who have already
 suffered the greatest inflictions ever imposed
 on any race, by pride, selfishness, and cru
 elty.—r. t&gt;.
 From the British Anti-Shivery Reporter.
 Mr. Cailyle, whose Anglo-German cru
 dities, and mystified philosophies, have so
 tickled the fancies, or heated the imaginations
 of not s few amongst us, as almost to create
 a school, hss recently so far diverged from
 his usual course as to inflict upon the reading
 world an Occasional Discourse on the Ne
 gro question, the most salient parts of which
 will be found in another part of the Reporter.
 «*d this production proceeded from any
 other pen than Carlyle's, we should have
 allowed it to puss in ailence; but because it is
 attributed to him, it must, forsooth, be no
 ticed. Now, what is the staple of his die
 course? Stripped of its inflated verbosity,
 and pul into plain English, it affirms that the
 emancipated slaves of the British colonics are
 an idle and inferior race of men, whom Qud
 hascreated to be tbe servants or slaves of white
 men; who, in ihe enjoyment of their freedom
 are content to live oc pig’s food,” that
 Providence designed them to grow sugar and
 coJfce sod spices for the rest of the world, in
 stead of shaping out their own course and
 'hat, if their be .no other means of seeurinr
 this, the whip must be employed, to compel
 etawd b, Britiahb&amp;ri.'abiU urUack m
"
