"OreaUur.
 To each friend of Liberty in the United Statu
 Your prompt attention it earnestly requested
 to this communication. Pinnae read it, with
 the annexed farms of Petitions, and then set
 efficiently in the premises.
 The time has arrived when the people of the
 United States are called in the providence of
 God to decide for themselves and their latest
 posterity, whether human bondage, with all its
 terrific evils, shall be suffered to extend itself
 from the Atlantic to the Pacific, blighting the
 prosperity ot immense portions of our country,
 and dooming millions ol the human race to ig
 norance, degradation and wretchedness. In
 this decision are also involved the political
 power and independence of the Fief States,
 and the character and glory of our common
 country.
 The objects which at this moment are most
 prominent in public estimation, connected with
 the subject of slavery, ate the cruel and arbi
 trary manner in which alleged fugitives from
 slavery are seized and carried away—the abo
 lition of the slave-trade and slavery in the
 District of Columbia —and the prohibition of
 slavery in the new territories. And it is be
 leived that the friends of freedom cannot do a
 better service, at the present juncture, to the
 sacred cause, than by petitioning the national
 legislature from all pans of the country respec
 ting these great objects. The reflex influence
 of such petitions will be obvious to every re
 flecting mind. It will lead to conversation,
 public discussion, newspaper essays, public
 meetings, supplications to the Almighty, and
 sympathy for the enslaved.
 For several years past there has been a re
 laxation among the friends of the slave, in this
 department of effort. It is believed that now
 is the time, when there are so many pledged
 friends of the cause in Congress, to resume
 petitioning with augmented effort. We invoke
 the aid, therefore, of every friend of the slave,
 of every anti-alavery citizen, of every true
 hearted American, in thia work of humanity
 and patriotism. Let earnest efforts be made to
 awaken oar citizens to the momentous impor
 tance ef the present crisis, and to unite them
 in one loud and urgent demand on their repre
 sentatives to giant the prayers of our petitions.
 Does the reader ask, What can 1 do? We
 answer
 1. Call together a few intelligent and active
 friends of the cause, and read them this
 Circular, and the annexed farms of Pe
 tition.
 2. Adopt prompt and systematic measures
 to have each legal voter called upon fur
 his signature.
 3. Separate these forms of Petitions and
 attach each to a sheet of paper properly
 ruled.
 4. Get those who can he depended upon to
 circulate the Petitions, and procure the
 signature of every citizen to each of them.
 5. Have the Petitions collected and trans
 mitted as soon as possible, with a letter
 signed by a few prominent constituents,
 to the Member et Congress from youi
 District or State. The paper should be
 folded for filing, with en endorsement
 staling that it is the Petition of Citi
 zens and Electors of with the date.
 6. Get the Circular and Petitions inserted in
 all the newspapers and magazines in your
 County. Request the editors to advocate
 the prayer of the petitions during the
 whole session of Congresa.
 7. Get suitable persons to write for the
 newspapers, aud coirespond with the
 friends of the cause throughout your
 County and State.
 8. Petition youi Legislature, and try to in
 fluence the members to right action at the
 preaeot crisis.
 9. Please mail a copy of each of the news
 papers in your County that publishes the
 Circular and Petitions, or either of them
 to Lewis Tappan, Corresponding Secre
 tary, New York. Unless sent from the
 printing office, the postage must be pre
 paid.
 Doubtless other matters will suggest them
 selves to’you.
 n? If, from any cause you cannot pay im
 mediate personal attention to the subject, we
 beg of you to put the Circular Ac., into the
 hands of some well principled and efficient per
 son who will attend to the matter without de
 lay in a thoiougb and buianess like manner.
 The slave power ia now making a desperate
 and final effort to prevent the admission of
 California, with the prohibition of slavery, and
 any such prohibition by Congress in respect
 to New Mexico, and thus secure its perma
 nent ascendency on the North American con
 tinent. Ita success will be the triumph of evil,
 involving the subjection of noithem interests
 to the ariatoermey of the south, and a mighty
 empire to the various curses attendant upon
 human bondage. To attain success, resort is
 had to threats of dissolution—threats evidently
 intended for intimidation, since if carried into
 execution they would leault in the ruin ol the
 ■asters and the liberation of the slaves.—
 Should the effort now fail, slavery will never
 hereafter acquire sufficient strength to pass its
 present limits, nod the world will in time be
 delivered from oue of the direst scourges that
 has ever afflicted humanity.
 S. S. JOCELYN,
 WILLIAM JAY,
 ARTHUR TAPPAN,
 WILLIAM E. WHITING,
 LUTHER LEE,
 CHRISTOPHER RUSH,
 GEORGE WHIPPLE,
 WILLIAM LILLIE,
 LEWIS TAPPAN,
 J. WARNER,
 CHARLES B. RAY 1
 THOMAS RITTER, M. D
 ALEX. MACDONALD.
 N*w Yo»I, February 1860.
 m» Editors throughout the country an
 earnestly requested to ioeertt be foregoing, and
 the annexed form of petitions:
 PETITION.
 To Secure to alleged J'ugiUou the right oj
 Trialky Jury.
 Te nr Coneaiaa os the United States
 The undersigned citizens and electors of tlu
 State of residing ia in tin
 oeuuty of respectfully request lbs
 provision be made by lew, that whenever i
 person shall be arrested ns a fogative slave in
 any aims ether than that in which be ia al
 leged in be held to eerviee, he shall not hr
 delivered to the claimant or his agsat, except
 on the fading of Jury that he is the sian
 of tbs daiasst.
 NAMES. NAMES.
PETITION
 For Use Repeal of all Loses enacted or adopted
 by Congress, for the support of slavery in
 the District of Columbia.
 To the Congress or the United States
 The undersigned, citizens and electors of
 th« State of redding in in the
 county of respectfully pray for the
 repeal of all laws and parts of lawa adopted
 or enacted by Congress, by which slavery or
 the slave-trade is authorised or sanctioned in
 the city of Washington or the District of Col
 umbia and that, in the event of their non
 repeal, the seat of the National Government
 may be removed to some more suitable loca
 tion.
 NAMES. NAMES.
 PETITION
 Against the Admission of more slave states into
 the Union.
 To the Congress or the United Stater
 The undersigned, citizens slid electors of
 the Stste of residing in in the
 county of respectfully prmy that no
 State he hereafter admitted into the Union,
 unless the Constitution of such State shall ex
 pressly prohibit the existence of Slavery
 within its limits.
 NAMES. NAMES.
 PETITION
 For the Establishment and Protection of Free
 dom tn the Territories of the United Statu.
 To the Congress or the United States
 The undersigned, citizens and electors of
 the State of residing in in the
 county of respectfully pray that Sla
 very and the Slave-trade may be expressly
 piohibiled by act of Congress in all the Terri
 tories in the United States.
 NAMES. NAMES.
To a Charitable Public.
 Buffalo, Jan. 1, 1850.
 Dear Friend :—The Ladies’ Literary and
 Progressive Improvement Society, of the city
 of Buffalo, is an Association which has been
 but recently formed, having for its object the
 great and important principles of the moral
 intellectual, political, and social advancement
 of its members, by endeavoring to promote,
 so far as possible, evury branch of literature,
 art and science, and encouraging every poli
 tical reform, which tends to secure human
 rights or elevate human character.
 Their object ia also to establish a library
 and reading loom, and to seek, through every
 avenue, the general interest and welfare of
 its members. And as they have undertaken,
 in its infancy, thia great and responsible
 work, they feel it obligatory upon them to
 call upon the sympathies of a charitable pub
 lic, to assist them in lhair undertaking. They
 contemplate building a public hall for their
 accommodation, and also for the accommoda'
 tion of every friend of God and humanity,
 the election of which they contemplate will
 cost one thousand dollars or upwards. And
 they therefore most respectfully and earnestly
 solicit donations, from the friends throughout
 the country, which may be forwarded to the
 address of the President or the Secretary.
 And, in making this appeal, we most charit
 ably hope that it will meet a favorable recep
 tion at yonr hands.
 In behalf the Association, we remain, with
 due regard,
 SYDNA E. R. FRANCIS, Pru.
 Mary E. Weie, Sec'y.
 S. King, Agent, No. 7, Franklin Block,
 Syracuse.
Education —School Discipline.
 The proper manner of educating children is
 an inquiry of vital importance,-—and about
 which there are various opinions. Some
 cling tenaciously to the iod of coercion, as the
 only means of securing order and obedience,
 and of developing the better qualities of hu
 man nature. —Though this is “an error of the
 head, rather than of the heart,” I conceive
 it to be one which is doing incalculable injury
 to the rising generation. Children are often
 found fault with, when they should be en
 couraged-—whipped when they ought to be
 advised and as a consequence, instead of de
 veloping their better natures, they become
 hardened and revengful.
 Certain I am that kindness on the part of a
 teacher to a pupil, U the only successful mode
 of awakening those faculties of the mind and
 heart, which are necesaaiy to be aroused and
 strengthened, in order to the formation of a
 proper and desirable character. 1 was re
 cently highly pleased by hearing of a teacher
 who said, he should as soon think of carrv
 ing a gun into school, as a switch. This is
 as it should be. To think of mending the
 heart, by bruising the flesh, is as absurd as it
 is debasing. God is love,” and everything
 that emanates from Him is pure, lovely, and
 elevating and in dealing with children this
 idea should be kept constantly before the
 mind. Teachers, of all others, should pos
 sess that spirit manifested by the Saviour—
 Suffer little children to corns unto me for
 of such is the kingdom of Heaven.” If we
 possessed that spirit, and manifested it on all
 occasions, before those beloved one* whom
 the Father has entrusted to our care, we
 should save ourselves from .many a heart
 rending pang, by the virtuous rectitude
 whichj would appear in tbe characlei and
 uonduct of our children.
 SARAH D. FISH.
 Rochestek, Feb. 8, JB5O.
Washington, Tuesday, Feb. 19, 1850.
 Right or Petition fee.—The only three
 Senators who maintained yesterday, by their
 votes, the right of petition as a means which
 the people t»eve, in a representative govern
 ment, of expreaaing their views, whether
 crude and unreasonable, or wise, rational and
 practicable, for the information of those to
 whom they have delegated (power f&lt;u a time,
 were Messrs. Seward, Chase and Hale. The
 day is fast approaching in which their senti
 ments, though condemned by a vast majority
 of Senators, North and South, will have few
 opponents, lkm sure, bed you had a voice,
 it would have been ng»»nat gagging any con
 stituency, however improper it blight be, in
 yoor judgment, to comply with their requests.
 The Philadelphia Quakers think that to en
 courage, strengthen, uphold, extend, defend,
 propagate Slavery is to disobey God's com
 mand; they urge this upon tbe Senate in a
 respectful memorial; the Senate, instead of
 receiving and referring it to a committee, to
 show that tbe memorialists are in error, throw
 it under their table, and allow Mr. Sturgeon
 to cell respectable men black-hearted, fee.,
 without a rebuke! This in Washington in
 IB6o!'!— Tribune.
Kossuth. A foreign correspondent of the
 London Times says: “Whet aa extraordina
 ry reputation this man Kossuth bee left after
 him From Otaovs to Vienna, by water or
 by land, there hardly ever peas ten minutes is
 the day that you do ant be* mention of fait
 gad in Perth, where the sale ef hie
 portrait la a capital offence, the Magym
 club together to purchase single copy at
 exorbitant prices, and tear ft itrio fragments
 which are abased between there." n
Thirty First (digress.
 IN SENATE.
 W ashing roe, Friday, F«6. 15, 1860.
 After the reception ot petitions, reports
 from Committees and Resolutions, the Senate
 resumed the consideration of the President’s
 Message, transmitting the Constitution ot
 California.
 Mr. Butler addressed tho Senate inoppo
 sition to the separation of the question of the
 admission of California from the other agita
 ting question of the day—lt would be un
 wise. He desired to say to the majority, not
 to place the question of California’s admission
 in a situation in which the best and wisest
 men in the country would have no control
 over it. He did not make the salvation of the
 Union, under any circumstances, the gteat
 and paramount question. His desire was, to
 save the Union, if it could be done at the
 same time, that the rights and interest of his
 constituents were saved. He wanted to ae
 cnre both together. One waa valueless with
 out the other. He alluded to Mr. Clay’s
 remarks yesterday, in relation to the allegi
 ance which he recognised, and expressed his
 surprise that the Senator had boldly declared
 that he owed no allegiance to the south. He
 was prepared to hear him say that we owed
 allegiance to the Union, assn entire body, but
 not to hear him declare that he owed no
 legiance to one particular section.
 Mr. Clay interposing said, that he thought
 he had said, and if he had not said it, he
 meant that he acknowledged no specific al
 legiance to any section—that he acknowledg
 ed allegiance only to the sovereignty of Ken
 tucky and to the sovereignty of the Union.
 Mr. Butlei slid, that for himself he knew
 no Union, except that which South Carolina
 might recognise, owed no allegiance except
 to South Carolina, and no allegiance to the
 Union except through her. As to the settle
 ment of the question of the admission of Cali
 fornia, together with all other agitating
 questions so intimately connected therewith,
 be was willing to render the whole subject to
 a Committee, composed entirely of northern
 men, for the purpose of ascertaining what
 they were prepared to offer the south. Mr. B.
 then proceeded at some length with remarks
 against the admission of Culifornia* with her
 present sonstitution and boundaries, asserting
 that such act would be a violation of the well
 settled practice and usage.
 He contended also that her constitution was
 the result of an usurpation of power for the
 purpose of getting rid of the Wilmot proviso
 —measures worse ten thousand times than the
 proviso had been adopted. He also argued
 the inexpedincy of the admission of the new
 state, contending that it would leave to one
 section the choice either of submission, deg
 radation, or secession. The south demanded
 equality—nothing more, and would submit to
 nothing less. In conclusion, he appealed to
 the senate to settle this, or any one of the
 questions connected with the slavery agitation,
 until every man who desires it should have an
 opportunity to express his views, in the hope
 (hat some made of settlement might be sug
 gested.
 Mr. Badger said that he was not responsi
 ble for the difficulties which had thus grown
 out of the war with Mexico. If the Senator
 from South Carolina, Mr. Butler, who says
 he had foreseen the danger and difficulties
 which must result from the acquisition of
 new Territory, had united with any other
 two Senators, who also foresaw the difficulty,
 but voted with him—if these Senators has
 cast their votes for an amendment to the
 Mexican Treaty offered by him, Mr, Badger,
 striking out all acquisition, these foreseen
 troubles might all have been avoided.
 Mr. Butler interposing, said that the amend
 ment was offered at too late a day.
 Mr. Badger resuming, remarked that he
 had said duiing the discussion of the treaty,
 that, notwithstanding he believed the origin
 of the war, with Mexico to have been un
 necessary and unjust—he would rather have
 continued it an hundred years than that it
 should eave resulted in an acquisition of ter
 ritory, ta produce internal commotion and dis
 union.
 Mr. B. then proceeded to state his objec
 tions toihepropoaed instructions to the Com
 mittee on Territories.
 Mr. Wkbstkx concurred in the propriety
 of giving this subject a calm and deliberate
 consideration. It was a grand and important
 question, and he designed for one, to give it
 a more careful examination. It was a ques
 tion tn which tho whole country, and all sec
 tions of the country, were deeply interested,
 and he thought it the duty of every Senator
 to express the result of his studious delibera
 tion thereon. He did not design to intimate
 any immediate expression of his own views,
 although he would probably, in the course of
 the discussion, state hia views. He was ready
 to admit that there were mauy difficulties at
 tending the proposition to admit California,
 but hoped to be able to show that they are not
 insuperable. It was in this spirit that he
 designed to meet the subject.
 Mr. Hale desired to say a word in relation
 to the precedents for the proposed action.
 Some four or five years ago there Vere two
 exciting questions —Texas and Oregon—be
 fore the eounlry. They both, like the Sia
 mese twine, went through the Presidential
 election together; but when the election was
 over, and they came to legislate, these sisters
 were separated, and Oregon had to ait with
 in the cold region of 54 40, until Taxas was
 taken care of. This, then, was a precedent,
 and he hoped it would be followed. He hoped
 California would first be taken care of, and
 then, after she hid been brought safely and
 •nuglv into the Union, that they would pro
 ceed and take up the other questions and
 dispose of them also.
 Mr. Clemens next took the floor, when
 the further consideration of the subject was
 postponed until Tuesday, and the Senate ad
 journed to Monday next.
 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
 The House went into Committee of the
 Whole on the State of the Union.
 Mr. Root said that he would go for admit
 ting California with her present boundaries,
 and for ratifying all that had been done. He
 differed from the president in his do-qothing
 Stlicy, and was in favor of doing something.
 e believed that a majority of both branches
 of Congress were in favor of action. It was
 not the fault of the House that nothing was
 doqe st the last session: for the House passed
 a bill at that time, but the august Senate did
 nothing with it. The Walker amendment
 was tacked on to the civil end diplomatic ap
 propriation bill in the Senate; there was s
 fixed and settled determination to force it
 through, and if was not relinquished until it
 was known that by rersistanoe the bill would
 be lost. He was one of those who were de
 termined that the amendment should not be
 passed, and helped to fight it off.
 We are told that spuihprn gentlemen have
 the same object in view—but they must not
 jump too quick nor tun too fast. The people
 of New Mexico should have constitutional
 law, instead of that of the bowie knife. Why
 was Mineeota provided with a territorial gov
 ernment! She had a population of only 80,-
 000 What is fhe ohjeptiop urged against
 prohibiting slavery in territories now free!
 Because it Is said the harmony of the country
 would be disturbed! In hit opinion, it was
 rather to avoid disturbing the harmony of
 parts of the country. The framers of the
 constitution never contemplated the acquisi
 tion of territory—if so,' they would We
 made soma provision for its management.
 The provisions in that instrument related to
 the territory then possessed. We have so
 equtl number of free and slave states, end
 we are told it would be aggteesioo to admit
 another free etafe. the youth le
 isurely stronger than she was st the time of
 the formation of the constitution! A Urge
 majority of the people 'W Congress
 bee the exclusive right to legislate pvyr the
 Hfi would not compromise on the ground of
 constitutionality and right; be would
 DFOnitA An tkg fliiflitiiir wtHCOuJ*
 L: hltT M. Ot human freedom,
 m r -uaGod. He belonged to the re
viled section of Free Soilers, and there would
 be oo difficulty in making an issue with
 bim. Gentlemen bad been taunted with tbe
 rematk tbat the Wilinot proviso ia dead. It
 must be gratifying to northers men to be told
 to their (aces, that the Wilinot proviso has
 been murdered in the Rouse by its friends,
 and trampled under foot; but the proviso is a
 living and abiding principle in the breaets of
 the people of tbe free states. It may appear
 that instead of the pioviso being dead, tboas
 twenty membeis who voted to lay it on the
 table may have committed suicide. Not ten
 of these men could have come here, it they
 hsd told tbeir constituents whit they would
 have done. There was one thing more absurd
 than theory of dissolution of the Union, and
 that was the alarm that gentlemen feel about
 it. Dissolution was a mere speculative ques
 tion. He averred that if this should occui,
 the children of the ordinance bf 1787 would
 float up and down the Mississippi river when
 ever they please.
 Mr. Welborne said that the ordinance of
 1787 was passed by the Congress of Confed
 eration, before the adoption of the constitu
 tion. It was a matter of fact that there was
 no territory belonging to the states when they
 entered into the Union.
 Mr. Fitch asked, whether the first Congress
 did not recognise the ordinance.
 Mr. Welborne repeated, that no territory
 then belonged to the states, and for this reason
 it was pioperly remarked in the Federalist,
 by Mr. Madison, that it was out of constitu
 tional power to pass tbe ordinance. He sub
 mitted two resolutions, and trusted that they
 would be adopted, via: That it is inexpedient
 to receive California as s state, with her pre
 sent constitution, restricting slavery north of
 36 38; that the Committee on Territories be
 instructed to report btiis providing for the or
 ganization of that prution sooth of that line,
 and the territories of New Mexico and Des
 eret. prohibiting slavery north of 36 30, and
 recognising the admissibility of slavery south
 of that line, until the adoption by the inhabi
 tants thereof, of state constitutions, and their
 incorporation into the Union. A portion of
 the people of California had different lan
 guages, religions and colors, and two years
 ago they were conquerred by our arms. By
 the laws of naturalization they could not
 recognise the first tight of citizen suffrage.
 Would the free states consent to receive Cali
 fornia without a limitation of boundary This
 proposition does not give the whole of the
 territory to either party, but divides it. It
 proposes repose; but it would be better to
 settle the question now, than to let it remain
 as an apple of discord hereafter. He spoke
 earnestly on the importance of settling the
 question on high national grounds. Some
 times he thought that there was only one
 thing people would bow down to, and that
 was the infernal demon of party. He afier
 wstds imagined that the American people
 were the least considerate and grateful on
 earth, considering the untold blessings they
 enjoy; while the downtrodden people of the
 old wdrld experience jnunmerable oppressions,
 and are crowded together, while we have
 the pure, free air of heaven. In conclusion,
 he appealed to all to come forward and honor
 ably adjust all their existing difficulties.
 Mr. Mann claimed to be a free toiler, if the
 term included one who wished territories to
 be free. If a slave soiler was one who de
 sired to bear slaves, he was willing to be
 weighed in the balance, with the epithets which
 had been applied to the free soilers. Though
 the term abolitionist was used as a term of
 reproach, fortunately it may be used in an
 honorable sense, and [if abolitionist means a
 man who desires to abolish what ought to be
 abolished, then he took pleasure in being
 one. There are some who desire the abolition
 of the Union, and he was content that to
 these the term should be used as a term of
 reproach. It was applicable to persons at the
 north; but they wete few in number, and
 feeble in power. It was announced by Gen
 eral Caas, that Congress has no right to
 legislate on any subjects, including slavery,
 pertaining to the territories. The senator
 was driven to this, because if he had admitted
 the right to legislate at all, it can be applied
 to slavery. If Congress has no power to
 legislate, how is it that gentlemen propose to
 legislate for California, New Mexico and
 Deseret, and settle their boundaries ?—Tf
 question cannot be settled according to this
 doctrine. When persons leave their states,
 they leave behind them their local laws.
 They do not carry their rystem of education
 with them, or their former laws on the sub
 ject of lotteries and gaming; they become
 subject to the law where they locate. As to
 the south’s considering tbe Wilmot Proviso
 an insult, there could be none, when insult is
 not intended, and disavowed. This is tbe
 tule among gentlemen. The north propose
 the Wiliwt Proviso, only to assert the great
 right of mankind. It is a fixed and settled
 purpose of the north that there shall be no
 more slave territory and slave states. He
 then spoke of the Southern Convention and
 the threats which had been made, in case of
 the passage of the Wilmot Proviso. A dis
 solution of the Union cannot be peacable;
 overt steps must be taken to carry it into
 effect; custom-houses, magazines, arsenals,
 Ac. must first he seized—and this would bring
 into requisition the power of the Executive,
 who has sworn to support the Union, and see
 that the laws are faithfully executed; and
 this weuld inflame the country into civil war.
 He could not contemplate this subject without
 a shudder. If the day come, it would be with
 thunderings above, and earthquakes below,
 and darkness around—and when the darkness
 shall be lifted up, they would see the country
 severed, and the deep, profound gulf between,
 the sections filled with the scarred bodies ot
 the combatants, and we would find our hands
 and garments red with suicidal blood. How
 could we stand before posterity, and say that
 the event came to pass because it was deter
 mined to carry slavery to a country vyhere it
 does not now exist, apd to retrograde to the
 dark ages, while ill the world is looking on;
 but this was to take place at any and every
 hazard. If such an event must befall the
 country, weeanoot but see the disastrous con
 sequences.
The Cheap Postuge BIU.
 Tbe following is the Cheap Pnpstage Bill
 introduced into the House of Representatives,
 by Mr. Ashmun, of Massachusetts:
 An Act to regulate Postage Rates, and
 for abolishing the Franking Privilege.
 $l. Be it enacted That from and after
 the let day of July next, the rates of pottage
 upon letters, when pre-paid, shall fee uniform;
 and all such letters passing through the mails,
 shall be charged by weight, aa follows, vi*;
 Letters weighing not more than half an
 ounce, two cents:
 —More than half an ounce, and not mow
 than one ounce, four cento
 -—More than an ounce, and not more than
 an ounce and a half, six cents
 —More than an ounce and a half, and not
 more iban two ounces, eight cenis;
 —And four oents additional for every ounce
 of greater weight.
 All letters conveyed by mail steamers be
 tween Oregon and California, and ports pf
 other parte of the United States, five tiroes
 the above rates:
 —And bn all letters which are not pro-paid,
 the poeUge shall remain as now established

 That it shall be the duty Pt .the Pert
 muter Perietal tp provide suitable letter
 stamps, for the pre-payment of postage, of
 the several denominations of tyro &lt;*ota, four
 cents, six cents, and eight cents, and of such
 other denominations at he may deem expedi
 ent; and to pqusp them to be' ftwwshed and
 kept for side in each of the Poet the
 United State#; R»d any deputy Postmaster
 ..Z snail foil, by his own neglect, to fcfyf
 the snow for sal# to ptreun ayplvHM*
 thereto, shill be liable to a e**-*-
 every such fed-* .for
 n#** -re, to be recovered by the
 f ..*oo so applying. And any perm who
 shall counterfeit, alter, or forge say letter
 stamp, or who shall knowingly have in hie
 possession any false, forged org altered letter
stamps, with intent to nee or alter the same,
 shall be deemed to be goihy of felony, &amp;c.
 $3. If. by reason ef this Act, the compen
 sation of any Deputy Postmaster shall be re
 duced below the present rate, the Postmaster
 Genera! is hereby authorised, at his discre
 tion, to iocrease such compensatian so far ss
 justice may require, having regard to the
 amount of labor, and the character of the
 service performed: provided, that the whole
 amount of compensation in any yoar shall not
 exceed the amount allowed at the same office
 in the fiscal year ending the let day of July
 next, and whenever a new Poet Office shall
 be established, the Poet master General may
 fix the amount of annual compensation of the
 Deputy Postmaster at a rate not larger than
 is allowed at existing offices requiring the
 same amount of service.
 The franking privilege, except so far
 as It may have been conferred by Congress
 upon individuals ss s mark of respect and
 honor, it hereby abolished; and the Postage
 of all documents published by either House
 of Congress, and all communications to and
 from members of either House, mailed during
 the session, including speeches delivered
 therein, and all communications to and from
 the offices of House upon public ser
 vice, shall be fmd out of the contingent fund
 of the respective Houses, under such regu
 lations as each House shall prescribe for it
 self; and all communications to and from the
 General Departments of Government, proper
 ly chargeable to the public service, shall be
 marked as such, and the postage thereof be
 paid like other contingent expenses of the De
 partments.
 $5. If the receipts of the Post Office, in
 cluding the amount paid on account of the
 postage of Congress and the Departments,
 shall be insufficient to defray the expenses of
 the Post Office Department with the present
 extent of mail accommodations, and such fur
 ther extension thereof as may be made by
 Congress or the (Post Office) Department,
 the deficiency shall be paid out of any money
 in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
 Provided, That the entire aggregate expen
 diture of the Post Office Department, exclu
 sive of the salaries of officers, clerks, and
 messengers of the General Post Office, and
 the contingent fund of the same shall not ex
 ceed the annual sum of five millions of dollars.
Jenny Lind. —lt will be seen by the fol
 lowing letter to P. T. Barnum, Esq., proprie
 tor of the American Museum, that Jenny
 Lind, the Swedish nightingale, is soon to visit
 this country
 Lubkck, Bth Jan., 1850,
 Sir—At the requestor your agent, Mr.
 who is now here, and whose object
 is, at the earliest opportunity, to advise you,
 1 beg to state that I have this day concluded
 to accept the terras made me for you, by him,
 to the affect of visiting the Uuited States of
 America professionally, under your uspices,
 the details of which are set forth in a formal
 mutual agreement; and 1 eannot but express
 my gratitude for the anxiety you and ycur
 agent evince to render my intended tour re
 plete which comfort. Trusting the specula
 tion may meet your most sanguine expecta
 tions, is my most ardent desire, and no endea
 vors to secure which shall be wanting (God
 granting me health) on the part of, sir, yours,
 most respectfully,
 JENNY LIND.
 To P. T. barnum, Esq. Iranistan Villa,
 Bridgeport, Conn. U. S.
Who is an Abolitionist? —Our neighbor
 Waid has potted us for our liberality. We
 think there is no great difference between us.
 He sticks at terms—we regard only princi
 ples. We suppose a presbyterian, or other
 sectarian, may be a genuine' Christian. We
 also believe a Whig, a Democrat, or Free
 Soiler, may be a real abolitionist. We be
 lieve there are many genuine Christians and
 abolitionists in the sects and parties.
 Such sectarians, and politicians, have adop
 ted the wrong instrumentality, to carry out
 their principles—They are deceived—and
 therefore we urge them to abandon their sec
 tarianism, which we say is anti-christian, and
 teir parties, which we say are Anti-Liberty,
 and join the Liberty Party, the only genuine
 instrumentality for the abolition of slavery,
 not only, but for the regenemion of society.
 We eannot doubt that W. L. Garrison,
 Fred. Douglass, tie., are “genuine abolition
 ists,” though we say, the instrumentality
 thvy adopt, is altogether deficient. And so
 of many persons ot all parties. What we
 want is, to deliver them from such instrumen
 talities, and bring them to adopt ours.— Lib.
 PayXy Paper,
Receipts
 Fur the North Star, far the Week ending
 February 20, 1850.
 Germ Smith, Esq. donation 10,00
 J. H. Lines 1,00
 A. J. Barrier &gt;2,00
 Alfred Gibbs Campbell 2,00
 Edwin P. Taylor 1,00
 W. S. Durban 2,00
 Mrs. Riddle 2,Q0
 Henry Moody 2,00
 William Mitchell 1,00
 Otto Martin 1,00
 David Harley 2,00
 Rebecca M’Cormirk 2,00
 Robert Miller 2,00
 H. P. Y- HiS 1,00
 Mary Johnson 2,00
 Richard Gray don l&gt;oo
 Joseph Pound 1,00
 Ephraim l,OO
 Francis Van Epps 2,00
 Edmund Lows id 2,00
 Julius R. Ames 2,00
 Young Men's Association (Albany) 2,00
BEWARE OF IMPOSITION.
 The greater the value of any discovery, the high
 er it is held in the esteem of the public, aad so much
 in proportion is that public liable to be imposed up
 on by the spurious imitations of ignorant, designing
 and dishonest men, who, like the drone in the bite,
 have neither the ability nor inclination to think or
 pro»id* for tfcemsehrs, but thrivp and luxuriate up
 on the earnings of the deserving.
 The extraordinary success attending the use of
 Dr. Wistar’s Balaam of Wild Cherry in diaemaes of
 the hings,and the many singular cures it has effected
 have naturally attracted the attention of many phy
 sicians, as well as the whole fraternity of quacks—
 and caused unprincipled counterfeiters and imitators
 to palm off spurious mixtures, of similai namf and
 appearance of the genuine Balsam. Soipe call
 ed Syrup of Wild Chercy and Tar,”“Chenrv
 Syiup,” Cor,q&gt;au*d Syrup of Wild Cherry,” ‘'Wild
 Cherry Comprey,” and sundry other compounds; to
 which they attach a long string of “puffs.” But of
 such nostrums we know t nothing. It is Wistar's
 Balsam of Wild Cherry alone that performs the
 cures. Let them pot deceive you. The genuiue
 signed I. BUTfS.
 BETH W. FOVVLE, Druggist, 138 Washing
 ton street, Boston, Mass, is the sole proprietfr of
 the original receipt for the manufacture of the gen
 uine medicine, mid supplies both at wholesale and
 retaiL m&gt;4 of drhoan agencies' can be obtained.
 For sab fay Post It Willis; also by Wm.
 Pitkin.
DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 Mr. Sloan.—Dear Siri About three years ago I
 was severely injured in one of my legs by the foil
 ing of a pile of wood which occasioned large run
 ning Utears. Nearly every Doctor i« Galena tried
 to cure them; but triad in vain until pom sympa
 thy and improper treatment pi other teg became as
 had as the oqs originally wounded. I despaired of
 •T»f agaia,—hot, ia order (hat might
 nogbet go dpuM within an reach J
 *Cur Agent in Gelena some qfwnr
 Ointment M Frieml
 Galena, W/DeTSth EVAN DAVIS,
 jj-g,, Agents’ naases at thejhead of Sloan's
 1 A^ts.
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, Book-Keeper, Ac
 countant, sad Confidential Letter Writer,
 would roost respectfully inform bis friends end the
 public in general, that be has for their accommoda
 tion. opened bis office for the keeping of Books,
 casting accounts, writing letters upon business, Ac.
 the drawing of Bonds, articles of agreement, Con
 stitutions, bve-laws, reports, communications, Ac.
 Ac., at No. 149, South Sixth Street, below Pine,
 where by his strict attention to business he hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 a.a. to 9 P.M.
 Also Agent for the Hosts St aa, single copies
 of which can bo obtained; and the sale of Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices f
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and Uie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which ere very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 I'be designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would my to tbs LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE POR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 26 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Yisetles at #3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low mi
 cas. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 66 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
Hatr-CBUfßff aid Dressing at
 ZD. A J. PATTERSON’S Saloon, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—3 m
The Old Cnroslty Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 triends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment ami augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed pit those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which be will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 80 cents; new Edit. 87Jc
Dental Surgery,
 1 would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl lor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
Rail-Road Time.
 CHANGE IN TIME.—The trains will commence
 to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—at 12| a.m., 8| a.m., 1 r.a. 74p.m.
 Westward—at 8| A. M., 2 p.m., 6| p.m. 11 p.n
 Rochester, May 1,1849.
For Sale Cheap,
 TWENTY BUILDING LOTS, in the Ninth
 Ward of the City of Brooklyn, a few minutes’
 walk from the railroad, and ten minutes travel to
 the East River Ferries. Title indisputable. Per
 sons wishing to purchase and improve immediately,
 will be accommodated on easy terms. Said Lots
 front on Thompson Street and Morell’* Lane, and
 adjoin Ward School No 2.
 Also for sale a neat ONE-HORSE CARRIAGE
 with Harness complete. Very cheap.
 Address (post paid) J. C. Morel, Brooklyn
 post office, or an interview may be bad at ihy
 apartments in Weeksville, from 4 to 6 o’clock p.m.
 every day in the week, Saturdays excepted.
 jan 4 6w
Ellhu Bnrritt’s Newspaper.
 THE CHRISTIAN CITIZEN. Eljhu Bdr
 ritt. Proprietor; Elihu Bcrritt, Tho
 mas Drew, Jr. Editors; Edmond Fra, Lon
 don, J, B. Stme, Edinburgh, Ernest Lacan,
 Paris, Foreign Correspondents.
 The SEVENTH VOLUME of this large and
 popular Family Newspaper commenced on the First
 of January, 1850. Terms Oar Dollar and Fifty
 Cent* per annum, invariably in advance. Four
 copies for Five Dollars.
 The Citizen is the organ of no party or sect, but
 expresses freely the sentiments of its editors upon
 all the great reformatory questions of the day.
 Sympathising with all the great enterprises ol
 Christian benevolence, it speaks against war in the
 spirit of peace. It speaks for the slave as a brother
 bound; and for the abolition of all iustitutious and
 custnms which do not respect the image of God
 ami a human brother, in every man, of whatever
 clime, color or condition of humanity. All orders
 should be post paid, ami directed to either of be
 Editors, at WORCESTER, MASS.
 jan 4—eaw 4t
 JAMES W. MON DORM IN G still oontifow.to
 keep the Grocery OR Becund Street, corner oi
 Elm, North side- Has constantly on hand every
 variety of Groceries. 8m
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July 13, 1849.
BOSTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 r THE subscriber has removed to that neat, conve-
 X nient, and central boarding-bouse, No. 2&amp; Centre
 Court, where he will be most happy to welcome some
 of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.—
 He wishes his house to be the central place in Bos
 ton, where the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the Prisoner, (lie., may meet together, and
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. 8? EAR.
 Boston, Aug, 21,1848.
ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Conn
 sellor at Law, Braxer’s Building, State Street
 Boston.
THOMAS P. SMITH, No. 38, Brattle Street
 sign of the Golden Ball. New and Seeond
 hand Clothiug Store,
NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORIjj,
 No. 66, Union Street, B«ston.
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on band a
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing
 Goods of aU kinds, sueh as okl clothes, W. I. goods,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, foe; exchanged for new
 ctehing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods.
 HEW VOBK ADTEBTISEMESTS.
DV,: M'CUNE SMITH, 93, West Broad-
 MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform her
 Friends and the Public, that she bus removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 Street, where she wiM continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board aad Lodging.
 New York, May 11,1949.
 ELLIS a. POTTER’S Ready Binds Clothing
 Store, M Canal Street, between Church Stmt
 and West York. Also—A Gen-
 Furnishing AlUefci,
 “TO
 so49.
 TI7TLLIAM B. LOGAN, Dealer in FnsbionaUi
 TV Boots and Shoes, 80, Purchase Street, New
 ltniHnwl
 DiuWlTJ*
 W. B. L. keeps constantly on hand n nod assort
 meat, and will sell cheap for cask. Strict attentioi
 gdd to custom-made work, by Measre. Parker am
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
D 1 All the medicine* advertised fay WJL Mean
 are sold by Post A Willis, Wiasfow A Youag. Aw
 Chester; S. Kenahaw, Frankfort; A. 8. Bairns A
 Co., Lewiston; T. A A. Frye, Brock port; Gafeb
 Nye, Pittsferd; W. Williams, Buffalo; and by
 reort druggists throughout the United Bmm.
 family ointment.
 OLOAN*S OINTMENT is now universally ae-
 O k Dow lodged to be an in&amp;lliibfc remedy, in every
 case where it he* been faithfully applied oe the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Peramretioa.
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its healum
 qualities the world does not produce its equnjVitM
 the public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All discuses
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcere, Old Sores, Chil
 blains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases tf
 the Eye, Ague in the free, side, beck, and the
 other parts of the system, Boils, Ulcere, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, aed every had ef
 sores containing the least particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by thi# great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, 40fLake at., Chicago, IS.
DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 Mr. Sloan: —Dear Sir. Almw three yeara age
 I was severely injured in one ,s inv legs by dr
 falling of a pile of wood which orix.ioned iarne
 running ulcere. Nearly every .-fata* ia Galana
 tried to cure them; but tried in vuir, until frata
 sympathy and improper treatment my other lag be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired ol ever being well again in order
 that I might neglect no means .Uam my ranch, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge rt r my surprise aed
 gratitude better than I can expieas it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had finished using the
 second box. IMM(
 These facts I make known that others affiicsad
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Gakeua, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and muck
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go or his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise his fret are
 now perfectly smooth soft an-: free fiom -'reeks, all
 from one application of your '■'itmeiit, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as an experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recomtu i.led Nothing more
 was thought of it for three %\eik.-, at which time
 his feet were near about in a baailby -Cite, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 184 ft.
rive LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2, 1848.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opiaiou,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fret, I have a case in point]
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Fails, was
 crippled two years with fvt large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen be
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated lus
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August,‘Afr. Halford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and twain d two
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till the
 first of February, without much ifany lienefit, when
 I rave him a box of Sloan's Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully your*
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S OINTME.VT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED X GREAT NAME.
BURNT to CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your onr ARAL
 LELED Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and Ijefore the flames
 be extinguished, they were all liurnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death teemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief It is needless to add that the child ia
 now well and about her business.—The swrfiriisr is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family mid person should have it in their posses
 sion.
 I feel |indedted to you for my child's life, and
 anything that 1 can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE,
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., i
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
For Purdy, Mildness, Safety, Certainty
 land Thoroughness SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 Fresh Wounds, Gilh of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windfalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Finite, Sitfoat,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Founamed Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; aad
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, InAammationofthn Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Abo, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It in
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs aad colds,
 which generate so many foul diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago,
TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan's Horse Medi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintance*
 who have used them, testify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, aad recommend them with oonfi
 cence. Cares, almost miraculous have been effected
 by ibis medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, hy the see of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY I'HEM aad leal far your
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May oth, 1848.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
 Extract from the Waukesha Democrat ITia.
 May 9,1848,
 “SLOAR’sMRDIciNES.’-AiubacrfourwrilMm
 from the town of New Berlin, requests m to re?
 that he has used Mr. Sloan's HoraaOiatmeat m
 several during the put winter, ami
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 recommend it to those who hare the nee fold
 of horses. Mr. Sima's medicines are IdjAk
 spoken of generally, and from the &amp;vn?ah*»Ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, wears ted
 to believe that they are prepared vrith a view
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they mm re
 commended.
 RATTLE MAKE «T*.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— P~J*~}** l
 to.'~
 a=£r«sr2d-—«-iScn»*;
 prompt relief awarded. In tern then one hoar Urn
 ■welling began to abate, and ia twenty four beast It
 bad nearly 111 subsided, and within three days thn
 horse was not only fit for nan, but was nctonffy pot to
 hard labor without any injurious monk.
 Y oure, rsapeafully.
 5* BARTH ij* g
 CtttCAM, Jnne Bth, 1848
"
