"}J o c t r u.
For die North Star.
 FATHER MATHEW.
 In Slavery's dark night on Columbia’s soil,
 Sadly the bondtnin for liberty sighed;
 Not the lash of the tyrant, nor perpetual toil,
 Could destroy the bright spark the Almighty
 supplied.
 From suffering Eriu rose what teemed a bright
 star,
 And Hope taught the slave grateful accents to
 lisp;
 But from the feculent bogs of that country afar,
 Came the ignia-fatuus, this will o’-the wisp.
 O’Connell of Freedom the fav'rite child,
 Sleeps honored in death—all his warfare is o’er;
 On slavery consistent he ue’r would have smiled,
 But refused e’en to tread upon its wicked shore,
 False meteor, no longer can’st thou now delude,]
 At at first, by thy lurid portentous glare;
 Tbou hast gained on our shores the contempt of
 the good,
 And the curse of the slave floats around thee
 in air.
 I nltas it were to boldly speak out for die right,
 I hose tyrants reprove, whom the world laughs
 to scorn;
 1 nless it were their hypocrite souls to affright,
 By asserting “All men free and equal are born.”
 Apostle of Temperance! and dost thou then think,
 (n bending »o servile to Liberty’s foes,
 That the sum of all villanies is less than to
 drink,
 Aad so, with the Bible, would protect it from
 blows.
 Ah! repent, erring priest, ere, alas, ’tis too late;
 Oh, think of the wrongs which thy brethren
 endure;
 Thy duty perform, despite slaveholdiog hate,
 And oh, lift up thy voice for God’s suffering poor
 R. D.
 From the National Era.
 SABBATH EVENING.
 BY MISS PIKE B E CARET.
 Suft slanting from the rosy west,
 Fall* the long shadow of the hill,
 And on my heart, at morn so sad.
 Lies the same heavy burden still.
 For mercy here, at earliest light.
 In agonising prayer I cried,
 Vet night Iteholds me, as the morn,
 Rebellious and unsanctified.
 And have i lived, O Lord, to see
 Thy sun another Sabbath aet,
 Vet feel, at this most solemn time,
 My hour of pardon comes not yet 1
 One little day I asked of Tltee,
 And lo! Thy mercy gave me one;
 How shall 1 dare to raise my prayers
 Again for favor to the throne!
 How can I ask a Saviour’s love
 To intercede for uie again,
 When pleading, pleading in my heart,
 I still have heard his voice in vain?
 1 see him slighted, sorrowing stand,
 With heavenly mercy on his face,
 And feel and know that this may be
 The closing offer of his grace.
 Child of unnumbered tears and prayers,
 How dark and dread my guilt has been,
 Since human love and love divine
 Have failed to keep my feet from sin!
 1 know my soul is hurryiug down,
 Blindly and darkly to the tomb;
 Aud when the book of life is closed,
 O God! thou only know’st my doom!
 THE DEAD.
 BY HENRY ALFORD.
 The dead alone are great!
 While heavenly plants abide on earth,
 fhe soil is one of dewless dearth;
 But when they die, a mourning shower
 Comes down and makes their memories flowi
 With odors sweet, though late.
 The dead alone are fair!
 While they are with us, straage lines play
 Before our eyes, and chase away
 God’s light; but let them pale and die,
 And swell the stores of memory—
 There is no envy there.
 The dead alone are dear;
 While they are here, long shadows full
 From our own forms and darken ail;
 But when they leave us, all the shade
 Ir round our own footsteps made,
 And they are bright and clear.
 The dead alone are blest!
 While they are here, clouds mar the day,
 And bitter snow-falls nip their May;
 Bu' when their tempest time is done,
 The light end heat of Heaven’s sun
 Broods on their land of rest.
 A HACKED MELODY.
 MV WILLI ASI LEGGETT.
 If yon bright stars which gem the night.
 Be each a blissful dwelling sphere,
 Where kindred spirits reunite,
 Whom death has torn asunder here;
 ilow sweet it were at once to die,
 And leave this blighted orb afar—
 Mixed soul with soul to cleave the sky,
 And soar away from star to star.
 But, oh! how dark, bow drear, how lone,
 Would »eew the brightest world of bliss,
 If, wandering through each radiant oac,
 We failed to find the loved of this!
 if there no more the ties should twiue,
 Which death’s cold baud alone can never,
 Ah! then these stars in mockery shine,
 More hateful, as they shine forever.
 It cannot be* each hope and fear
 'That lights the eye or clonds the brow,
 Proclaims there &gt;s a happier sphere
 Tnaa ilis bleak world that holds us now!
 There is a voice which sorrow hears,
 When heaviest weighs life’s galling chain;
 ’Tit Heaven that whispers, Dry thy tears:
 Tht pure in heart shall meet again'”
 CHRISTMAS THREE CENTURIES AGO.
 George Wither, a most enthusiastic old English
 post, who lived between two and three ceetariai
 ago, has depicted in flowing lines the jollity ol
 Christmas in his day. A few of his genial vereei
 will not be out of place at this time.
 Lo, now it come our joyful’st feast!
 Let every uiau be jolly;
 End: rooms with ivie leaves is dre*t.
 And every post with holly.
 Though others’ parses be more fin,
 Why should we pine or grieve at that;
 Haag sorrow! care will kill a cat,
 Aod therefore let’s be merry!
 Now all our neighbor*' chimneys smoke,
 And Christmas block* srs burning
 Their even* they with faak’t choke,
 And aH their spits are taming.
 tV ithout the door let sorrow ly;,
 And it, tar cold it hap to die,
 We’ll burr** Christmas pye,
 And evermore bf merry!
.miscellaneous.
From tii« Journal of Commerce.
 A SKETCH
 I have worshipped blue eyes, and
 there is no radiance so heavenly as
 that which gleams from them. But
 black are more bewildering; and u&amp;en
 a shadow of melancholy fails over the
 forehead, it softens their beauty, while
 it does not dim them.
 If yoa will go with me now
 to a glen in the highlands, and a wil
 low-shaded nook, I will point out to
 you the very spot where yesrs ago
 there stood a rude bench, on which
 many times I have seen the fair girl 1
 now write of, sitting, and by which I
 once saw her kneeling. The cottage
 under the hill is occupied by strangers,
 and its broad hall and large rooms now
 ring to the laughter of those that knew
 not her whose gentle spirit haunts their
 very chambers.
 She was as beautiful as a dream.
 Never was holier forehead shaded by
 raven tresses; never were tresses so
 glorious as those. If I tell you that I
 loved Sarah D you will call me
 an enthusiast, and ascribe my admira
 tion to my passion. I did love her, but
 only as a boy worships a being very
 far above him. I used to lie at her
 feet on the grass, and gaze into her
 face, and watch the play of her ex
 quisite features. It was there I learned
 first how high, and pure, and worship
 ful, humanity may be.
 She was young and beautiful. Whai
 need to add that she was loved. Sure
 ly I need not add that she loved, foi
 such as she live on aifection, and di&lt;
 for lack ol it. Her father devoted hit
 fortune and his life to her; and shewai
 heiress to a large estate. As might b&lt;
 expected, she had numberless suiton
 of every rank and variety. I canno
 now remember all of them, althougl
 I then kept the run of them tolerably
 well. But of all, there were only tw&lt;
 that appeared to have any prospect o
 success; and the village gossips wer&lt;
 occupied in discussing their relative
 chances.
 Frank R was the gayest, best
 hearted fellow in the world, and ha&lt;
 you seen him on his horse by the sid&lt;
 of Sarah D you would have sail
 he was made for her, so wild was hi
 laugh, and so joyous her response. Yet
 had you been behind the closed 6hutte
 of the window in the front of the larg&lt;
 white house on the hill, as they rod&lt;
 by, and had you there watched th&lt;
 compressed lip, the broad, calm fore
 head, the pale face and the speakinj
 eye of Joseph S as he saw then
 passing, you would have prayed ti
 God that that fair girl might belong t&lt;
 that noble man, even as I, a boy, thei
 prayed.
 God lias answered my prayers
 When the long way was traveled over
 and the rugged and difficult steep sur
 mounted—when her fairy foot wa
 pressed on the rock at the summit o
 the hill of life, and her eyes gazed inti
 the deep blue sky with longing gaze
 there, even there, beyond the blue, hi
 outstretched armß received her, and hi
 embrace was Heaven!
 Go preach to blocks and stones, y&lt;
 who believe that love is of the clay
 Go preach to the dead, ye who den'
 the immortality of the affections. G&lt;
 reason with trees, or hill, or images o
 wood, or with your own motionless, life
 less, icy souls, ye who believe that
 because there is no marrying yonder
 there shall be on embracing, or be
 cause we may not use the gentle wordi
 r “my wife,” we may not clasp thesi
 sanctified forms in our own holy arms
 I tell you, man, that immortality wouh
 be a glorious cheat, if with our claj
 died all our first affections. 1 tell yot
 that annihilation would be heaven, if
 believed that when my head at lengtl
 rests on its coffined pillow, and mj lipi
 sink to the silence and repose of death
 these loving eyes will never look int&lt;
 mine again, this pure clasp never b&lt;
 around my neck, this holy caress nevei
 bless me more!
 But see how I hasten in advance o
 my story. And yet, like Canning
 knife-grinder, I remember now that 1
 have no story to tell, or at best it is a
 simple history.
 She loved Joe. His calm and ear
 nest way of loving her, won her whole
 soul. He did not say much to her in
 company, nor of her, but when they
 were alone, or only some of the chil
 dren near, his low voice would be musi
 cal, and she sal entranced with its
 eloquence. I have seen them seated
 on the bench by the side of the stream,
 and have heard him lead her gentle
 soul step by step with him from earth
 to stars, and then from star to star, un
 til she seemed to be in heaven with him,
 and listening to the praises of the
 angels.
 1 am unable to tell you how it hap
 pened that Joseph S—- left his pro
 fession, (which had been law,) and
 entered the ministry, nor am I able to
 state, though I might guess at, the
 causes operating in his own mind. The
 father of Sarah D was not a re
 ligious man, and, I am sorry to say,
 was one of a small class of men, who
 not only deny the truths of our most
 holy creed, but take every opportunity
 to cast ridiqule on its teachers, it was,
 therefore, with great pain that his
 daughter observed his coldness and
 rudeness to Joseph S and she was
 not surprised, however much she was
 grieved, when an open rupture ren
 dered the suspension of his visits at
 the house absolutely necessary.
 They had never spoken of love.
 Each knew the secret of the other’s
 affection, and what need then of words
 to tell it? It would have been but the
 repetition of hackneyed phrases. And
 yet there is no music in| the world so
 sweet as those three words, “I love
 you,” from the lips we love to kiss.
 But the father of our gentle friend had
 feared the existence of some bond be
 tween them, and peremptorily required!
 his daughter to break it if it did exist.
 She replied to him, relating the sim
 ple truth, and he desired her to refute
 thenceforward to ace or speak to
 Joseph.
 A month of deeper pain than can
 well be imagined succeeded this com
 mand, during which they did not meet.
 It was on a moony night in August
 that rite walked out with me, (then a
boy three jeers her junior) and sat
 down on the bench by the side of the
 stream. The air was clear, the sky
 serene, and no sound disturbed us; but
 the soft voice of the wind among the
 tree-tops made a pleasant music, and
 we listened and were silent. The still
 ness was broken by the voice of Joseph
 You will pardon me if I pass over
 that scene. I dare not attempt a des
 cription of it. It was my fiist lesson
 in human suffering, and though I have
 learned it over and over since then,
 though the iron has entered my own
 soul and seared and scarred it, yet I
 have never seen, nor do I believe I
 have ever felt, more agony than those
 two felt as they parted that night to
 meet no more on earth.
 He bowed his lips to her forehead,
 and murmured the solemn word ‘For
 ever.’ She woke at that word, and
 exclaimed with startling vehemence,
 ‘No, no, there is no such word, Joe.’
 ‘We shall not meet aaain on earth,
 my gentle one. ‘And what is earth?’
 Her tall form grew more queenly, and
 her dark eye flashed devinely, as she
 rose and exclaimed, in clear and sil
 very tones: ‘And what is earth? These
 things must end. I will name a tryst,
 dear Joe, and you shall keep it.' II
 you pass first into the other land, wail
 for me on the bank, and if I go hence
 before yon, I will linger on the othei
 shore until you come. Will you re
 member?’
 ‘I will live and die in this memory.
 She lifted her face to his, and hei
 arms to his neck, and they clung to
 gether in a long and passionate em
 brace. Their lips did not separate,
 but were pressed close together, until
 he felt her form cold, and her clasp re
 laxed, and he laid her gently down or
 the old seat, bowed over her a momenl
 in prayer, and was gone. I heard hiit
 9ay, ‘take care of her W and sc
 I strove to recall the life that had gone
 from her lips and cheeks and eyes. I
 came slowly, and she woke as we wake
 in the morning after death has enterec
 our charmed circle, with an oppressiof
 on the brain, and a swimming, swollei
 senselessness of soul.’
 At length she remembered all; anc
 I raised herself with a half-articulatec
 exclamation of agony, broken by a
 I sob; then fell on her knees by the
 bench and buried her face in her hands
 and remained thus for nearly half ar
 1 hour.
 When she arose, her face was a:
 the face of an angel. It wore thai
 same exalted look until she died.
 I-think she took cold that night, she
 was never well afterward, and the nexi
 J winter she passed at the south, return
 ing in the spring very fragile, but ver)
 beautiful.
 Joseph S tvas sent abroad b)
 one of the Boards of Missions of the
 Church, but his health failed, and he
 resigned his commission, while he trav
 eled through the Eastern world.
 Three years fled with their usua
 p swiftness. To Sarah D the)
 wer* very slqw and painful years, yel
 she w’as happy in her qniet way, anc
 no one dreamed of the strange trysl
 she was longing to keep on the othei
 side of that dark river, w hich men sc
 shrink from. She grew feebler daily
 j as the summer and autumn advanced,
 and in December she was evidentl)
 dying.
 One day her mother had been out ol
 the bouse, perhaps making calls; she
 returned at evening, and among othei
 incidents of news which she had learn
 ed, she mentioned to Sarah the death
 of her old friend Joseph S
 The fair girl was reclining in her
 large arm chair, looking out through
 the closed windows at the snow on the
 ground, and the pure moonlight which
 silvered it. There was no startling
 emotion visible as her mother mentioned
 the fact which to her was the most
 solemn, yet most joyful news the world
 could give; for now, how much nearer
 was their meeting! I saw a smile flash
 across her lace as the joyful news
 reached her ear. I saw her forehead
 raised to feel the caress which I know
 she felt! She was silent for many
 minutes, and then spoke in feeble, yet
 very musical accents, and I, boyishly,
 wept aloud! Then she smiled, and
 looked at me|with finger upraised, and
 said, “Wait a little while longer, dear
 W And then, after a moment,
 she said, “Mother, is the snow very
 deep?”
 “Not very, dear; why did you ask?”
 “Because if it were deep, I thought it
 would be difficult for old Mr. Smith to
 And our lot in the grave-yard. Are all
 the head-stones covered, mother?”
 “What is the matter, Sarah? What
 if they are covered
 “Mother, dear, it is useless to con
 ceal it from ourselves, or from one
 other. You know, and I quite as well,
 that I am dying. I have not wished to
 live, only for oue thing I did long for
 life, and I dreaded to meet death all
 alone! bnt now I shall not. W
 will tell you what 1 mean when I am
 gone. Yes, gone, dear mother. 1
 shall not be here any longer. This
 chair will stand here, and I not be any
 where near it.—You will be here, and
 father, and you will rise and walk about,
 and visit, and go in and out, and sleep
 and wake again, and so on day after
 day, and I shall have no part any long
 er in your cares and joys;—Dear Mo
 ther”—and as she uttered the last two
 words, she put her arms around her
 mother’s neck and kissed her fondly,
 and sank back into her chair again. I
 sat at her feet watching her matchless
 features.—A smile was flitting across
 them, now there, now gone, yet each
 time it appeared, it lingered longer
 than before, until it became fixed, and
 so holy, so very holv, that I grew be
 wildered as I gazed, and a strange
 tremor passed through my body.
 The breath of peace was fanning her
 glorious brow! Her head was bowed
 a very little forward, and a tress escap
 ing from its bonds, fell by the side ot
 her pure white temple, and close to her
 just opened lips. It hung there motion
 less! No breath disturbed its repose!,
 She slept as an angel might sleep, hav
 ing accomplished the mission of her
 God.
 Electric Telegraphs ho Novelty.
 —Mr. Weld, the secretary of the
 Royal Society, write# as follows to the
 dth t rut am You are aware that with
 to the application of the elec
trict telegraph, there have been dis
 pute* as to priority of invention on the
 part of the discoverers. Under these
 circumstances, I conceive that the
 following interesting statement, taken
 trom Arthur Young’s “Travels in
 France,” published in 1792, will be
 read by those to whom it is new with
 some surprise. The author records
 that he spent the evening of the 16th
 of September 1787, in the company ol
 a M. Lomond, whom he describes as
 being a very ingenious and inventive
 mechanic, who had made improve
 ments in machinery for spinning cot
 ton. He then proceeds:—“ln electri
 city he has made a remarkable discov
 ery. You write two or three words on
 a paper; be takes it with him into a
 room, and turns a machine enclosed in
 a cylindrical case, at the top' of which
 s |an electrometer, a small line pith
 ball; a wire connects with a similai
 cylinder and electrometer in a distant
 apartment, and his wife, by remark
 ing the corresponding motions of th e
 ball, writes down the words they indi.
 cate —from which it appears he has
 formed an al} habet of motions. As the
 length of the wire makes no difference
 in the effect, a correspondence might
 be carried on at any distance—within
 and without a besieged town, for in
 stance; or, for. purposes much more
 worthy, and a thousand times more
 harmless, between two lovers prohibi
 ted or prevented from any better con
 nection. Whatever the use may be,
 the invention is beautiful.” Young
 adds, that M. Lomond “has made many
 other curious machines, all the entire
 work of his own hands. Mechanical
 invention seems to be in him a natural
 propensity.”—Somerset House, Oct.
 17.
CURIOSITIES OF FOOD.
 What do men really live upon? The
 answer will be various enough. The
 Guacho, who in the wild pampas of
 Buenos Ayres, managing his half-wild
 horse with incredible dexterity, throws
 the lasso or|bolas to catch the ostrich
 the Guanaco, or wild bull, consumes
 daily from ten to twelve pounds of meat
 and regards it as a highest feast day,
 when in any hacienda he gains a varie
 ty in the shape of a morsel of pumpkin.
 The word bread does not exist in his
 vocabulary.
 The Irishman, on the other hand,
 regales himself in careless mirth, on his
 “potatoes and point,” after a day ol
 painful labor, he who cannot help mak
 ing a joke even of the name he gives to
 his scanty meal. Meat is a strange
 idea to him, and he is happy indeed if
 four times a year he can add a herring
 to season the mealy tubers.
 The hunter of the prairies lays low
 the buffalo with sure bullet: and Us
 juicy, fat streaked rump, roasted be
 tween two hot stones, is to him the
 greatest ot delicacies. Meanwhile the
 industrious Chinese carries to market
 his carefully fattened rats delicately
 arranged upon white sticks, certain to
 find a good customer among the epi
 cures of Pekin; and in his hot, smok)
 hut, fast burned beneath the snow and
 ice, the Greenlander consumes his fat,
 I which he has just carved, rejoicing ovei
 bis costly prize, from a stranded whale
 Here the black sucks his sugar-cane,
 and eats his banana; there the African
 merchant fills his wallet with sweel
 dates, his sole sustenance in the long
 J desert journey; and there the Siamese
 crams himself with a quantity of rice
 ifrom which an £uropean would shrink
 appalled, and whomsoever over the
 whole inhabited earth we approach and
 demand hospitality, in almost ever)
 little spot a different kind of food if
 set before us, and the “daily bread,’
 offered in another form.
 The bHtck broth of the Spastans was
 a famous dish, but like Dionysius, wt
 are not such Spartans. The Dutchmar
 can eat with great zest his sour fer
 mented cabbage, and the Scotch High
 lander his braxy sheep. The Esqui
 maux can eat oil soup, and what not.
 'and there are various tribes of Indian:
 that live spon a certain kind of clay,
 ,The old Angels lived upon acorns and
 pork, the modern Angels upon coffee
 and beef. The food that is suitable
 to one people may not be to another:
 and climate makes a great difference
 in the different kinds of food that should
 be eaten. What inhabitant of the tor
 rid zone could live with impunity upon
 blubber, as the inhabitant of the frigid
 zone can 3
 Nature allows the appetite to decide
 for itself, as the conscience checks or
 approves good or evil acts. These
 promptings may, no doubt, be destroy
 ed by resisting its primitive teaching,
 but still it is a monitor, and no even
 rule of a certain kind of diet can ba
 prescribed that will answer equally for
 every, person. More physical evils
 arise from gorging the stomach than
 from any certain kind of food. Mod
 erate eating and plenty of exercise in
 the open air, are a sure remedy for
 many diseases, and certainly a greater
 preventive of than remedy for disease.
 There is a large tribe of Indians in
 New Mexico, who live on a sort of
 grass-hopper, or wingless locust, which
 they dry, pulverize, and knead into a
 kind of cake, which they bake, and
 which is not bad eating. The wild
 horses which traverse the plains of
 California and New Mexico in vast
 troops—the descendants of the war
 horse introduced by the Spanish dis
 coverers and conquerors—are becom
 ing mere highly prized and sought out.
 By some they are used as food. The
 early settlers of Oregon fed on their
 flesh, and found it quite palatable and
 nourishing; they called it “Columbia
 beef. Spirit of the Age.
 A Curious Optical Illusion.—On
 a warm day be sure to drink as much
 stout as seemsth necessary to quench
 yonr thirst, and therefore take your
 bottle of wine, to which a bowl of cold
 whisky punch may bo added towards
 evening. You shall now see, on com
 ing home, the key hole of your bouse
 dancing before you in strange w*ys,
 the like whereof is very diverting, and
 presented a curious puzzle tor the
 latch key •Punch. -w]
 Anti-Slavksv is to triumph, not by foree
 or appeals to ialereat, but by becoming a liv
 ing pan of the public conscience and religion.
 Juatin pppiftiiou aait is oemplieated with
 political questions sod fseliags it is shorn of
 it# strength,— C banning
Asylß® far tbc Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Anyalytii
 Asylum. No 217 Ewimnge Street, opposite tin
 Orphan Asvlum, Rochester, N.Y. This Inatitutior
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analytes every diseas e'Jmt n
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used hi every wat
 that is applied in any uater-cure establishment u
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to hi
 expressly understood thal it is not relied on as theen/i
 or principal i emedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his rare.
 This Establishment is designed fir that class o
 invalids who have failed to obtain their healtli by al
 other systems of practice, and are still unable t&lt;
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to thri
 beds, wearing oat a life of misery and suffering with
 oat any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of’in this Institution no
 oaly entirely remove disease hut give increase!
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many havi
 been Drought here from different parts of the coon
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weigh
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and soim
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or evei
 to feed themselves, and in the courts of a few weeki
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth anc
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, ami surprising their friends and all who mu
 them wlien they first came. The treatment of Uiii
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove th&lt;
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stagei
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of ag&lt;
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined tc
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble tt
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pail
 in the Hide, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spina
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation a
 the Stomach, Palpitation ut the Heart, Dyspepsit
 all its forms and stages. Piles, Costiveness, f)i
 airluea, Suppression of tlie Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Colt
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony's Dance, Tetters o
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod ii
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The "proprietor lias given his whole attention t&lt;
 the above diseases for the last leu years, and hm
 treated them in an entirely different way froth an;
 other private practice or public Institution in thii
 country; and such lias been his success, and so cer
 tain are Ids remedies in tht ir effects on these dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cure#, lie wishes to give tiiat class of invalid
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient guarante*
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, itnpo
 sition or deception, so that no one need he to an;
 expense in this Institution without being banefitet
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac
 with any one who wishes to do so, that lie will ad
 nut into the Institution, to advance the money am
 pay all‘he expenses from any part of the Unitet
 Slates here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, ami give a bond to liosrd them
 together with his professional services, for nothing
 if he does not help them according to contract. An}
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficien
 guarantee against inisiepi escalations aud expenst
 without receiving equal lienefit, can let the proo-ie
 tor know what wil- be satisfactory, aud if shill Is
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the inflnence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it lie moi
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 lienefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to theii
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 die number of patients must be limited, therefore die
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by othei
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless diey wish to get well, and are willing
 to lie made well euough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ui
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is (bund
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every odier dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been heljied iu this Insti
 tution aud also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the idxive exjienses if,
 required.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicahle liinb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ol
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, u now manufactured in Spnntfrld,Mau.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier Hudson.
 They warrant entire satisfaction.
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Wjbster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who w-enrs one.)
 I)r. Hough, Syracuse sep!4-6m
 ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those sufiering from
 chronic disease, to Ids hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. 'I lie supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthlul results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, site made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to tlie contrary, would cross the
 uther. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 i»nd was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, sbel
 lias continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girt, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 me pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 Half a dozen towels marked, with old linen for
 band&amp;gfig,
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or clioice of the patient*.
 rho.«e who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged css,
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
 Free Libor Cools.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 ill dime Association, and for sale at No. SI, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 ideacbad and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width: thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Lap&lt;; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 fce. In.
 Orders far Goods, or fatter* desiring information,
 wav ha addressed to J. Miller McKum, 31, North
 Fiflh-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 lames Mott, No. Ml, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 am hand. hi!—tf
 C*l»re« Sailors’ goat,
 390, Pmri Strut, Now York.
 FUENDS afavs, *»d strangers on a visit
 ft** York, can now be accommodated with
 M good Board a and at aa lowa price ai in any o(W
 Families saw have private rooms, fan! every ettin
 tiw paid ta their eemJbrt. WM. P. POWELL.
 Mag 11, 1840, J
(Ulster’s Eclectic Metical InstUtte,
 ai4 Water-Cure Establish neat.
 THIS Institution be* been in note netful operation
 during fourteen year*, for the cure of nil Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed l»y medi
 f'MOßE* THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients hare been restored »o health and usefefamM
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, wbe
 could not find relief bv any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who bad been confined to their
 lied* for years, and who were almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring tinder as many discour
 agements a* themselves, tore been cased by this
 treatment alter event lime else bad failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 kc., which produce symptoms ol almost all otlier
 diseases, with their aecomranintents —as DYS
 PEPSIA,RHEUMATISM.NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of other diseases
 arising from die same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, whicUNhey nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have tnem cured—why not come
 yourselves, ami save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; hut a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 Italf the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is eol
 the case oue time in ten.
 Female Diseases—Prolapsus Uteri (felling
 of the womb,) Leucorrliea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident tc
 that period known as the thru of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are wilting
 to acknow ledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for year* from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks* or at most a
 few montln’treßtment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to tlteir families, with health tc
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to be
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution
 however weak and helpless the patient may liavt
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds ol
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for year's. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving th&lt;
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence m this unpar
 altlled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 I eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we mil offer t/u
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement wit)
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow tfu
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment. to pay their travelling expenses to tend from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, anc
 give them our professional services, free of charge, ij
 they are not helped u'cordmg to agreement. This it ii
 hoped will pul a stop to cries of empyricism Iron
 those interested in keeping patients under theirowr
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn oul
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, wilhoui
 finding it; that here they will not sjiend their money
 without benefit, and dial no false statements or im'-
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 lined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go up
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment
 without fear or trouble in regard to their orioin ai. dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult cast they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our terms ore easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 I send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, iu., free 01
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. B.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 i none to apply tliat can be cured at home. We pride
 j ourselves in curing what other* are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communication* should be addressed toll alstkii
 i I Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., posl
 paid.
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, an.
 I Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 I TOHN D. RLVALEON, Hair Cutting Balooi
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
 FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduclioi
 f in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New Styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width
 Fine and wide Paper Muslin*. Also Cole ret
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also an hand, mostly
 reduced prices Giughama various qualities an.
 styles.
 Fin® and Iv-avy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillov
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, ail wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannel* 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles^
 Apron and b urn it ure Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs
 Co Twilled Pantaloon Stuff*. Also Linei
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and halt Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,ant
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Kehned Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Browft Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 ihe whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attentioi
 of country merchants as well as his friends and tin
 public generally.
 Ittuch pains is taken by the Managers of Uie Fret
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sti
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
 JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at Urn office oi
 of the Anti Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 230 pages of dost
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37$ cts. in muslin,
 and 26 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal of
 Women from various authors, 12$ cents.
 Letter to tlie People of the United States touching
 Uie Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 181 coots.
 Win. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
 Aati-Sl&amp;Tery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Strict, Philadelphia,
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handaom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usetu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKiin, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jut—tf
 “Every Mai Ms owi Physiciaa,”
 THE HOME DOCTOR,
 TTTST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 tl for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. At its title case
 indicates, it j* “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while iu
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines ami articles for diet for the sick room. The

 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties, description,
 medical properties aad doses, use, time oi gathering,
 ind many other directions very useful for every ftun
 ily to know, and written expressly for fomily use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 ii{rinTU&gt;i in*in”» he
 _ if fc,‘ m
 symptom* or each gre caretp lly given
 mat tioo 10 prc
The book he* hew written with greet cere, in e
 plain, simple, common-settee style easily to Iw oi
 derstood by every person, nnS by e practical physi
 ciaa ns! thorough botwiiM. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as I wing a work superior
 in all respect* to any oilier hook of llw kind ever
 published at tlie price.
 Families in ibe count n, him! (-specially those 1»t»
 ing in new count ties ana unhenfttiy efiisnte*, should
 i l to procui cm copy ami Iwte it at all times at
 hand, in ease of sir-kin.-* a* ilwy n.ijlii I hereby ;by
 s.itae simple remedy save an egpensi«eand protmc
 leil doctors bilk VViwikei well or aiek, soch a tank
 slMsjhl lie in every house a* a safe ami sure advifer
 in time of need, the direction given for persons in
 cannot tie too strictly attended to by all.
 Tlicjince at which the booh is aokiis »o few that
 every family mny have a copy, am! none shook) be
 WIUKHH It.
 ri ‘Cybook is put tip in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent tgnta.l. Postage only to any
 aart of the United States. 1
 03" Any person aendioc us o*« dolUr by mail, and
 port paying postage on the letter, dial! have four
 copies sent him frer af pattagt.
 Scua in your ortierss, there is no risk ia sendiag
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the hooka
 always reach tlVir destination.
 QCj* Four families can club together and send n
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one addret*.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 carried to their doors. A small capital of front S2U
 to f6U will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 wm tpaui. GEO. W. FIS’IER,
 April I, Iff 19. 6 Exchange -St, Rochester. N. Y.
V w. M EfrOHAN Tp
 C F li F R It i Ti; I
 UARttLINu Oil.
 .FOR HOR&lt;K&lt; ,v HTMAN FLESHJ
 i A
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THE MO ST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have fully proved duel lit,4
 UNITERS Ali RE MED] lias tMH its equsi
 on the list of popular medicines, having been befote
 the public tor 11 ore than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won
 derful eflecti on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside lire great and extraordiaar\
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been suooesatußy employed
 in a great variety f the maladies which
 AFFLICT WE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of feet* and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that 'iny one remedy cun possess within
 itself site virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nrrerthelevi
 established ihv fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure mo-.; vases and relieve such a* the follow
 ing. among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oili
 er preteuded remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fectinns, Biles of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils. Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises,Burs-,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles .Wounds, Swellings, 4tc.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 as
 SPAWNS,
 Sweeney,
 Rib CLONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds.
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 |Fi*tuia,Sitfest, Strains, Laments?,
 Sami Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, 4...
 Numerous are tire unsolicited statement* of ~i t
 tienU themselves, and others who have used the Oif,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The cehiirated I)r. Parkei also wriiesas fellows;
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your GaTglng Oil j u
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for exteraal use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swelling*,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discwtieiu, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means now in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at Inrge
 as a safe ami powerful reinetfy where there is 110
 general fever in ail the above diseases, to lie used
 freely, aud to counteract inflammation iu a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevent* swell
 ing, aud consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From tlie peculiar nature of this Oil, ami the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which Imve lieeu ottered,
 none have been m. well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horse* are liable; it has beeu
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Hone.
 For instance, read the Intioviiug:
 TO OW NERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify dial 1 have had for mway years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred hoc.,
 ami have made use of Merchant (idling oK
 two years past, and can safelv sav.thaffei all the
 diseases that horses are liable to', 1 never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per moath, and re
 eonuneml it to the public a* the best mediciue for
 |wi*es now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to die proprietor wilt fe
 promptly responded to.
 tu t a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the l i»i
 ted State* and Canada.
 At so by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B
 Swan, Winslow Yovnc, H. D. Wade
 Rochester.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson k Panderson, Gkve
 land, O. G Ding k Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 et Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure k C«, Albany
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greenmail ttt Smith L’ii
 ca; PI) Orris Co, Troy, NY, July IS--feu
 British Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Kinew, the Edinburgh JUue*
 Thr North British Review, the West master Review,
 and Bbukwood’s Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread feme of these splendid perkab
 cals rentier* it needless to say much in tlieir praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance ot
 anything ol the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, aud forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the threo great parties
 in England—-Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North (British Re
 view is more of a religions character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now% since
 his death, being couducfed by hi* son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with. Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 ts |m&gt;* t,eeed m England under the title of The For
 eign quarterly audWestnunster-it being in feet a
 union ol the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. ]t has, therefore,
 die advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 feature* of both as beretofeie issued.
 The above Periodicals ate reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on their arrival In the British steamers,
 in a beauiilul elear type, on hue white paper, ami
 are faithful copie* of the original*, Blackwood's
 Magazine, being an exact fac-stmile of the Edinburgh
 edition, H
 trices ro» BN#, (ur subscribed tor early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, #3 00 per annum.
 For any two do 6 00
 For any three do 700 .»v
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood's Magazine, SOO
 For Blackwood aad the 8 Reviews, 0 00
 For Blackwood Jt the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to it made in alltases fa advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of aay or all |he above works w iU
 i«nt to one address cm payment of the regular nio
 cripcion for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIER. wry n
 -ur subscribers we Mjr so hifsacsMllltltiMh dWR
 re »Ry be compelled to the Brine of the Mena*
 fe few. r&lt;,p *^*ss6
 •dd/M^i^^p^^r^i^T'e^spubfeli*;-*
"
