"FREDERICK DOUGLABS, f.o.tor
VOL. 111. NO. 10.
The NORTH BTAR.it published (every
 Friday., ac Nt». ss,;Haitiito Street,
 (OyyotUt tkt Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollar* per annum, always la advanct. No
 subscription wilt ba received fur u less term than
 six IB nulls.
 1A dvartiaencat* not sxweiimt ten line* inserted
 tip *e li ne* lor one dollac; every i»tibc-e&lt;|Uent inser-i
 tiun, twenty-five cent*.
 The object of tbe North Star will be to übolislt
 SLAVERY in atl its form* and asperks; advocate
 Universal EvnciPiTtOt; exalt tbe standard
 of public morality, pritiunle itie moral and intellec
 tual iiuprt women cf the Colored People; and
 hasten tbe day of FREEDOM to the THREE
 AilLi.lu.va vf our onaieeerf fallow count!ynva.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 (£J* All coinoMßication* relating to.tlte btuituts
 inattm of tire paper, name* of siibscrdiers, remit
 tances, Ac., should lie addressed to Frederick
 Douqlass, Editor, Rochester, N. V.
 Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to lie accurate, and to give tbe Pott njfict,
 tbe County, and the Staff. Each Subscriber is im
 me liately credited for money received.
 (Cl- Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, uray
 have a fifth *opy for one year.
 tJd* All letters anJ communication* must Ire post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts. —R.fc. Wallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Jobusoii, New Bedford; Horatio
 VV. Foster, Lowell; Jaine* N. BufTuiu, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth.
 Connecticut. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven.
 New York.—Sydney 11. Gay* 142, Nassau
 Street; James M’Cuue Smith, 9ft, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Weetbury, Queen County; Ma
 ry'Harper, Albany, F.lias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 lefts Reese, Peru, Clinton Comity; J. F. Platt,
 P*nn Van; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 It Hour. Island. —Amarancv Paine, Providence.
 Pennsylvania- J- M. ftl’Kim, 81. North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149.
 So. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bow*, Pittsburgh; W in.
 ’.Vhipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio. —J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson, Harveysburgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada.—Johu James Carey, Toronto.
Selections.
LETTER TO THE HON. WILLIAM
 J. NELSON, MEMBER OF THE
 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
 New York, 11th February, 1850.
 My Dear Sir:— As one of your im*
 mediate constituents, permit me to ex
 press to you my views on the resolu
 tions lately submitted to the JSenate by
 Mr. Clay, They are skillfully drawn
 and their true import seems to me to be
 generally misunderstood, and in many
 instances, intentionally misrepresented.
 Various considerations combine to ren
 der these resolutions acceptable to
 that class of our northern politicians,
 who are anxious to be popular at home,
 without forfeiting their share of the pa
 tronage which is dispensed at Wash
 ington, by the slave power. The res
 olutions are eight in number, and I will
 examine them in their order.
 I; This proposes the admission of
 California us a state, without the im
 position by Congress of any restriction
 on the subject of slavery, and “wii/i
 suitable bouiularut These word# im
 ply that the present boundaries are un
 suitable, and must be altered. Let
 me call your attention to the true rea
 son for this reservation about bound
 aries, and respecting which the reso
 lution is silent. During the war, and
 before the cession of any territory, the
 House of Representatives passed the
 Wilmot Proviso, prohibiting slavery iu
 all the territory that might be acquired.
 On this, the south, with one voice, de
 clared that they would not submit to the
 exclusion of slavery south of36deg 30m.
 The legislature of Alabama resolved
 that they would not recognize “any
 enactment of the federal government
 which for its object the prohibi
 tion ot slavery in any territory to be
 acquired by conquest or treaty south
 of the line of the Missouri compromise.”
 At a public meeting in Charleston,
 and at which I believe Mr. Calhoun
 was present, it was resolved that it
 would be debasing and dishonorable to
 submit to the prohibition of slavery
 “beyond what is already yielded by
 the Missouri compromise,” and innu
 merable have been the offers and eff
 orts of southern politicians to extend
 tho compromise line to the Pacific.
 Hence it is not the exclusion of sla
 very in California 4o the north of that
 line, that offends the south, and to ad
 mit this anti-slavery state, bounded on
 the south by 3(&gt;deg 30m is doing no
 more than what the south has consen
 ted should he done, and is in no sense
 a compromise. But the free state of
 California extends south of this line,
 and hence her southern boundary is
 unsuitabte, and hencfe Mr. Clay’s reso
 lution makes a tacit provision for de
 priving the stgte of so much of her ter
 ritory as hia southern friends have re
 solved shall not be consecrated to free
 dom. Mr. Foote, of Mississippi, obser
 ved in relation to this resolution,
 “1 see no objection to admitting all Cal
 ifornia above the tine of 36d«g 30m in
 to the Union, provided another new
 •Lave state be laid off within the pres
 ent limits of Texas.” To this laying
 off another new slave state, Mr. Clay’s
 compromise opposes no obstacle.' Had
 Mr. Clay proposed the admission of
 California with “its present bounda
 ries,” his offer would,so far have been
 a compromise, ns taconcede something
 to freedom es a consideration for the
 surrender of the Wilmot proviso.
 SECOND RESOLUTION.
 2. The next resolution declares that
 “as slavery does not exist by law, and
 is not likely to be introduced” into any
 of the conquered territories, they
 should be orgautsed under territorial
 joveromemi, wityput any restriction
RKiHT IS OF NO SEX—-TRUTH IS OF NO OOJX)R—
on the subject of slavery.—The propo
 sed assertion by Congress that slavery
 does not exist by law in the territories
 is hailed as an all sufficient balm to the
 consciences of those who recoil with
 horror at the idea of being in any .de
 gree responsible for the extension of hu
 man bondage. And what, let me ask,
 is this declaration, but the enunciation
 of a bald truism? We all know there
 is no law, Mexican or American, recog
 nizing slavery in the territories. Mr.
 Clay adroitly avoids drawing any infer
 ence from this acknowledged fact, but
 expects th.it the good people of the
 north will draw for themselves the in
 ference, that because slavery does not
 exist by law therefore it is prohibited
 by law. Property in elephants does
 not exist by law in New York, but still
 it exists, because it is not prohibited
 by law. Mr. Calhoun and the great
 mass of the slave-holders contend that
 in the absence of a prohibitory law,
 men, women and children, as well as
 horses and sheep, may be held as prop
 eriy in any territory oi the United States
 and this doctrine Mr. Clay himself no
 where denies. Nay, further, Mr. Cal
 houn insists, and I believe truly, that
 slavery never has been established by
 law in any country—that after proper
 ty in man has been acquired, then, and
 not before, laws are passed to protect
 it. The slaveholders ask for no act of
 Congress authorizing them to carry
 their property into the territories.
 All they ask is that no prohibitory law
 shall be passed, and then they will car
 ry their slaveswhere they please, and
 keep them by their own strong hand
 without law, till in their territorial leg
 islatures they shall pass such laws on
 the subject as they shall find needful.
 Not a word Mr. Clay’s compromise
 contravenes this legal theory, or pre
 vents its reduction to practice.—Slave
 ry did once exist by law in these terri
 tories; why does it not now? Mr. Clay
 answers the question by telling us that
 Mexican law abolished it. Now he
 perfectly well knows that the Mexican
 law not only abolished but prohibited
 slavery. If that law was repealed by
 the conquest, then the old law was re
 vived, and slavery does now exist by
 law. If the Jaw was not repealed by
 the conquest then the law is still in
 force, and slavery is now prohibited by
 law. Why, then does not Mr. Clay
 fairly and honestly declare that slave
 ry is now prohibited by law? Be
 cause this would indeed be a com
 promise, and would render the proviso
 nugatory, and would secure the terri
 tories from the curse of slavery. The
 very emission of such a declaration
 implies a denial of an existing prohibi
 tion; and in such denial he wellknowns
 the wholo south concurs. So far,
 then is Mr. Clay’s inconsequential tru
 ism from being a compromise, that it
 surenders to the south even more than
 she has demanded, and throws open to
 the slaveholders the whole territory
 north os well as south of the
 line. Rut to reconcile the north to
 his total surrender, they are to be fa
 vored by Congress with an opinion
 that it is not lik.£lv that slavery will
 be introduced into any part of the con
 quered territory.—What is only im
 probable, is at least possible, and
 hence this legislative opinion would,
 in fact, be a solemn and official de
 claration, that there is no legal pro
 hibition to the introduction of slavery.
 It is not pretended that this opinion
 which Congress is to volunteer, is to
 have any legal force whatsoever. But
 what; if time shall prove the opinion
 to have been erroneous, will it be any
 consolation to the north for having by
 their act blighted immense regions
 with human bondage, that they have
 been fooled by an opiuion? Mr. Downs
 of Louisiana, in reply to Mr. Clay, as
 serted that there were already in the
 territories “some four or five hundred
 slaves;” and another member declared
 that there would now have been plenty
 of slaves there had not their masters
 been apprehensive of the proviso. If
 Mr. Clay is correct in his opinion, the
 slaveholders have been strangely mis
 taken. It Was openly avowed during
 the war, that the territory to be con
 quered south of 3tideg 30m should be
 a slave region. Before our army en
 tered the city of Mexico, we were offer
 ed all Texas proper, and the whole of
 New Mexico and California north of
 thirty-seven degrees; an extent of ter
 ritory equal to nine stntes of the size
 of New York. The offer was rejected,
 and thousands were slaughtered to] ob
 tain territory south of36deg .‘Kim to be
 peopled with slaves. From the first
 mention of the proviso, our northern
 editors and politicians in the slave in
 terest opposed it as unnecessary, be
 cause, as they assured us, the soil
 and climate of these territories were
 unsuitable to slave labor. The slave
 holders knew better, and never endor
 sed the falsehood of Iheir allies. Mr.
 Waddy Thompson, of South Carolina,
 Minister to Mexico, announced to his
 brethren, writing of California, “sugar
 rice and cotton find there, their own
 congenial clime.”- Recollections of
 Mexico, p. 333.
 Did the south make war upon Mexi
 co only to acquire free territory? Is
 she now threatening disunion and civil
 war for a privilege she “is not likely”
 to exercise? 1
 Upon what does Mr. Clay rest his
 strange, unnatural opinion) Almost
 exclusively on the exclusion of ala very
 from tbe Californian constitution. He
 does not pretend that this exclusion
 was owing to the unfitness of the soil
 and climats for slave labor. We all
 know that tbe unexpected, discovery of
 oM .uid.nl, "Utoml is Cdiforaj*
a large northern population
 averse to slavery, and jealous of tlx
 competition of slave labor in diggin|
 gold. But does gold exist in Desere
 or New Mexico? or is there a large
 northern population in California,soutt
 of36deg3om? Is it logical to infertha
 slavery is not likely to be introducec
 into these territories, even with the
 sanction of Congress, because undei
 totally different circumstances it ha;
 been excluded from California? New
 Mexico is separated byan imaginarylinc
 from Texas, and about halt of it is
 claimed by that slave st%te. la it likely
 that Texan slaveholders will not cross
 the line with their property, or occupy
 territory they claim as their own.
 The settlers in Deseret have formed
 a constitution virtually allowing slave
 ry, by not prohibiting it. The gold
 diggers in California are concentrated
 far north of 36deg 30m.; the city of
 San Francisco is also north of that line,
 while south of it is a large area, where
 there is little to obstruct ihe‘introduction
 of slavery. Under these circumstan
 ces, there are probably very tew men
 in Congress who would dare, on their
 oaths, to affirm the opinion expressed
 by Mr. Clay. That opinion is at best
 a calculation of chances; a calculation
 on which no man would hazard a thou
 sand dollars; yet this miserable calcu
 lation is offered to the north as a com
 pensation fer the surrender of all the
 political and moral blessings which the
 proviso would secu&amp;£.
 Mr. Clay utterly demolishes Gen.
 Cass's argument against the constitu
 ality of the proviso, and affirms most
 positively the right of Congress to
 prohibit slavery in the territories.
 But how stands the question of duty
 and moral consistency between these
 two gentlemen? Undeniably in favor
 ofthe General. He has not, indeed,
 undertaken to solve the nice and diffi
 cult question whether human bondage
 is a curse or a blessing. He is sen
 sibly alive to the atrocity of flogging
 two or three Hungarian women, but
 makes no comment on laws which sub
 ject thousands and tens of thousands
 of American women to the lash. He
 calls upon the nation to express its in
 dignation, at the execution of a few
 Hungarian insurgents taken with arms
 in their hands, but gives no opinion
 how far it would be right or wrong to
 shoot certain of his own country, if ta
 ken in revolt against worse than Austr
 ian oppression. But he contends that|
 whatever may be (he moral character;
 of slavery. Congress has no consti-j
 tutional right to prohibit'd, and there
 fore not to prohibit it. On the olher
 hand, Mr. Clay frankly declares that
 slavery is wrong “a grievous wrong.”
 that to propagate slavery is to propa
 gate wrong. Heaffirnsthe constitu
 tional power of Congress to prohibit
 i this propagation of wrong, and then
 1 calls upon Congress to permit slave
 j holders to propagate this wrong when
 and where they please over the whole
 wide extent of our conquered territory,
 with the single exception of what may
 be included within the state of Cali
 fornia. Before God and man, Gen.
 Cass’s conclusion from his premise,
 is just ified. while the conclusion drawn
 by Mr. Clay from his premises is con
 demned as hostile to morality and hu
 manity.
 THIRD, FOURTH, FIFTH, AND SIXTH
 RESOLUTIONS.
 3. This resolution merely gives to
 Texas more territory than she
 tled to, and less then she demanWs, and
 is so far a compromise of territorial
 claims; but in no degree a compromise
 between the friends and enemies of hu
 man rights, since what is to be taken
 from Texas is to be immediatly thrown
 open to the slaveholders.
 4. Texas had, before annexation,
 pledged her duties on foreign com
 merce as security to certain creditors.
 These duties, by annexation, were
 surrendered to the United States. Mr.
 Clay proposes that the United States
 shall assume the debts due to these
 creditors if Texas will' relinquish her
 claims on New Mexico. If justice re
 quires the nation to assume these debts,
 their assumption ought not to depend
 on the cession of territory by Texss.
 If in justice we do not owe these debts,
 their payment by us will in fact be a
 gratuity to Texas for the relinquish
 ment of one of the most impudent and
 fraudulent claims ever made. We
 have official information, communicAtad
 by General Jackson to Congress, that
 I the Texans when defining the bound
 aries of their new born republic, at first
 determined to include California, and
 beyond all question they had then as
 much right to San Francisco as they
 now have to SAnta Fa. The proposi
 tion of Mr. Clay is therefore to pay
 Texas for territory to which he admit*
 she has no title, and then to throw open
 the territory so purchased to the slave
 holders. In this, I can see no conces
 sion to the north.
 5. Congress is to declare it inexpe
 dient to abolish slavery in the District
 of Columbia, except with the assent ol
 Maryland and the people of the Dis
 trict, and making compensation to tb&lt;
 slaveholders. The unlimited power
 Congress to abolish slavery in the Die
 trict is ifully conceded, yet he calls oi
 Congress not to do, what many of.ili
 members and vast multitudes of theii
 constituents believe it their moral dutj
 to do. la this proposal I can find nc
 other compromise but that of consci
 •ace.’
 6. The next proposal is to prohibi
 the importation of slaves into the Dra
 trict for aale. In other words, the in
 habitant# are to bava a tnonopiy of Um
 trade m human he tag* Time*
ROCHESTER, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1850.
people are not to be deprived of th&lt;
 privilege of importing as many slave
 ms they may want for thejr own use
 nor of seUing husbands at/d wives, am
 children, to be transported to the ex
 i trutnilies of the Uuion; but ioreign tra
 ders shall no longer be permitted ti
 glut the Washington market with tbeii
 wares. The moment the: resolution
 passes,human chattels will rise in value
 in the capital of our republic. I object
 not to the abolition of the trade, since
 it will remove one of ttarmany abomin
 ations with which sSarM’y has disgra
 ced the sent of our‘jJut£bnal govern
 ment but I deny that the proposition
 involves the slightest concession on the
 part of the slaveholders. Says Mr.
 Clay himself, ‘'almost every slave
 i holding state in the Union has exer
 cised its power to prohibit the intro
 duction of slaves as merchandise.”
 The power is exercised or not, accord-
 I ing to convenience,and, as it is thought
 most profitable to breed or to import
 slaves. 1
 SEVENTH RESOLUTION.
 7. We now come to a grand specific
 forgiving ease to northern consciences,
 for allaying all irritation, and for res
 toring a healthful action throughout
 the-present morbid system of the con
 federacy! I will give the recipe in
 full: “Resolved, that more effectual
 provision ought to be made by law, for
 the restitution and delivery of persous
 bound to service or labor in any state,
 who may escape into any other State
 or territory of this Union.” That 1
 may not be accused of injustice to Mr.
 Clay, in my subsequent remarks, I
 will quote from his speech on this
 point: I do not say, sir, that a pri
 vate individual is obliged to make the
 tour of his whole State, in order to
 assist the owner of a slave to recover
 his property; but I do say, if he is pre
 sent when the owner of a slave, is
 about to assert his rights aud regain
 possession of bis property, that he aud
 every one present, whether officer or
 agent of the state government, or pri
 vate individual, is bound to assist in
 the execution of the lows of then
 country.” I will go with the farthest
 senator from the south, in this body,
 to make penal laws to impose the hea
 viest sanctions upon the recovery of
 fugitive slaves, and the restoration of
 them to their owners.”
 Such is the panacea, and such is the
 mumier in which our medical adviser
 proposes to admiuister it. He must
 not be surprised, should some difficulty
 be experienced in compelling the pa
 tient to swallow the draught.
 Mr. Clay has long been a favorer of
 those field sports in which the prey is
 man, and he has the merit, it is be
 lieved, of being the first to conceive
 the grand idea of securing a national
 intercommunity in these sportß, by
 means of international treaties. So
 eaiiy as the 19th June, 1826, as Se
 cretary of Slate, he proposed to the
 British government to. throw the Can
 adas open for this sport, and in return,
 to British sportsmen should be accord
 ed the privilege of hunting West India
 Negroes, throughout the whole extent
 of the American Republic. But John
 Bull rejected the tendered reciprocity,
 and churlishly replied, The law of
 Parliament gave freedom to every slave
 who effected his lauding on British
 ground.”
 About the same time we requested
 from Mexico the boon of hunting ne
 groes over her wide area. The desired
 favor was denied, but we have since
 forcibly added almost half her territory
 to our own hunting grounds. Of .all
 the game laws in existence, that of
 1793, which regulates the chase of ne
 groes, is the most horrible; yet Mr.
 Clay is dissatisfied with it, and calls
 upon Congress to make it more effec
 tual, and of course more horrible.
 Should a Virginian come to New York
 in search of his horse, and find him in
 the possession of another, who claims
 him as his property, how is he to re
 cover the animali Only a jury of
 twelve impartial men, drawn by lot,
 shall pass upon the conflicting claims.
 Neither party has any choice in select-,
 ing the jury, nor can either establish
 his claim by his own evidence. But if
 the Virginian is hunting a man, and
 sees one that will serve his purpose,
 and who will fetch a thousand dollars
 in the southern market, but who claims
 to belong to himself, how is he to se
 cure him? Why he may catch his
 man as well as he can, and without
 warrant may carry him before any jus
 tice pf the peace, whom for sufficient
 reasons he may think proper tq select,
 and swear that the man he has caught
 is his, and the justice may surrender
 the max. to perpetual bondage, degra
 dation, and misery. Various officers
 besides justices are authorised lo aid,
 so that the Virginian has a wide choice.
 Surely this is hunting made easy by
 law, but it is not found so easy in- prac
 tice. Latterly various states have pro
 hibited their own officers from assisting
 in the chase of human beings, and ci
 r tizens rarely lend apy unpaid assist*
 ance. Hence a new game law is
 i deemed needful, and Clay, as we
 f have seen, is pledged to go with the
 farthest southern senator,” the most
 i devoted lover .of the sport, to make it
 i effectual. The judicciary oipmittee
 have accordingly reported a bill* now
 before the Senate. agree,** said
 i Mr. Mason, one of the farthest south
 ertt senators, in his speech on this biN,
 (28th Jan.) I agree that the federal
 t government haw no power to impose
 duties of way kind upon the officers of
 state governments as such.’* Of
 i course the obligation imposed by the
 L|lur of UW, justices of tbs ptsts
GOD IS THE FATHER OF U 3 ALL, AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
and other state officers to catch slavei
 i are void, and our northern legislator
 have a right to prohibit them from par
 I licipating in slave hunts. To obviat
 this difficulty, it becomes necessary t
 select other than state officers to adju
 dicate upon questions of higher impor
 than any, with the single exception o
 life and death, that ever exercise thi
 talents, learning, virtue, and independ
 ence of the most august tribunals o
 any civilized country. And who ar&lt;
 the grave and reverend judges appoint
 ed by this bill to sit in judgment on th&lt;
 liberty or bondage of native iM bon
 Americans? Among these judges art
 TWENTY THOUSAND POST-MASTERS? Eacl
 one of these new judges is authorized
 to adjudge any man, woman or chtld,
 black or white, to be a vendible chat
 tel; and this judgment is to be founded
 on any proof that may be satisfactory
 to said post-master, in the words of the
 bill, either by oral testimony or affi*
 davit,” nor is the testimony either oral
 or by affidavit of the interested claim
 ant excluded; and from this judgment
 there is no appeal! Slavery is no lon
 ger confined to one color. The south
 ern papers abound with advertisements
 offering rewards for fugittve slaves,
 containing the caution that the fugitive
 will probably attempt to pass for a
 white person. A few years since, a
 Maryland slaveholder caught in Phila
 delphia a white girl, (Mary Gilmore)
 whom he claimed as his slave. The
 case was brought before a Pennsyl
 vania judge, and occupied two days,
 and it was proved by most abundant
 overwhelming evidence, that the al
 leged slave was the orphan daughter
 of poor Irish parents f The mother had
 died in the Philadelphia hospital, and
 the daughter had never been in Mary
 land. By a pending amendment to
 this bill, every man and woman who,
 prompted by the holiest impulses of
 our nature, shall harbor or conceal”
 the prey from the hunter, is to be vis
 ited with fine and imprisonment. A
 few days after Mr. Clay introduced his
 resolutions, Bruin k Hill, slave-traders
 in Alexandria, wrote a let»er, since
 published in the newspapers, stating
 for the information of a free mother
 in New York, who wished to redeem
 her daughter from bondage, that they
 cannot afford to sell the girl Emily
 for less than eighteen hundred dollars
 Why this prodigious price? They
 add, we have two or three offers for
 Emily from gentlemen from the south.
 She is caul to be the finest looking wo
 man in this country.”
 Should this devoted victim escape
 from her keepers, and* be afterwards
 found concealed in her mother’s house,
 not only is she to be carried back, and
 mbjected to the fate intended for her,
 nut the mother is liable by the then
 present Uill, to be sentenced to pay a
 ine of five hundred dollars to the
 LJnited States, to pay Messrs.. Bruin
 ind Hill one thousand dollars for dam
 lges, and be imprisoned six months.
 We hope, for Mr. Clay’s reputation,
 no farthest senator from the south,”
 will ask for heavier penalties, for if he
 loes, Mr. Clay is pledged to vote for
 lie heaviest sanctions” that may be
 proposed. But suppose this poor girl
 ihould find her way to Peekskill, in
 stead of New York, and iu your ab
 sence, with bursting heart, ask to be
 sheltered in your house, from her pur
 suers. Can you for a single moment
 admit the possibility that your wife, the
 mother of your children, could, through
 fear of the law, so unsex herself, as to
 turn the trembling fugitive into the
 street, or betray her to the hunters?
 A thousand times rather would you see
 the partner of your bosom enduring
 Mr. Clay’s heaviest sanctions,” than
 bringing ignominy upon herself, and
 covering her husband and children with
 shame and confusion of face, by com.
 mtting a crime so foul and damnable
 Mr. Mason, in his speech, insists on
 the right of the hunter “to enter peace
 ably any enclosure or dwelling where
 such slave may be found, lor the pur
 pose of taking him.” Should this as
 serted right be incorporated into the
 compromise bill,- then may Southern
 ruffians and Northern doughfaces ere
 long be roaming through our bed
 rooms and ransacking our closets ic
 search of pray. .Should an attempt be
 made to enforce the heaviest sane
 tions” for which Mr. Clay is ready te
 vote, he may be assured the prisons ir
 New York and New England are toe
 few to hold the vast multitude of mer
 and women who would willingly tenan
 them, rather than peril their souhi b)
 betraying the fugitive or assisting it
 his capture. Mr. Clay very kindly de
 clines requiring “a private individua
 to make the tour of his whole state” if
 search of a slave, but be insists tha
 all who are present when the game it
 started, ought to follow the hounds
 Could he but enforce this obligation
 we should have some grand turn-outi
 in New York and New England, sonn
 like the ewe fancied by the poet:
 “Qt&gt;ad-Juek to our hunter*! Itow nobly they ride,
 Is tbs flow of their seal, and the strength of tfati
 The-priest with canock Dung back oa the wind,
 bxH screening Ute politic statesman behind—
 The *aint ana the ainaer, with cursing and pruver-
 Ttta drunk sad the sober rid* merrily there.
 Oh! goodly sued grand is our hunting to see,
 Iu this ‘land of the brave and this home of the fret
 Right asefrily huutiag the black man, whose Sin
 la the earl of his hair and tbs bus of his akin.)
 So speed to their hunting o’er mountain and eWs,
 'l'kvr* ha.iA.hraha en t'fiirwsl fha huntaMil’rtMf!
 g RID wUiv*i#l aao ailU KUi vSfc OUiitCi VS saasiss•
 Butihe constitution! ThiqjflStruraeE
 declares, in substance, that M fugitiv
 slave shall be delivered op; but Mi
 day, I behave, ie*be first lawyer wb
 baa contended that the obligation
 delivery rests upwr “private individ«
is “addressed to the jurisdiction of tk*
 state into,which the fugitive may ea
 cape.” Of course* individual citizens,
 as 9uch, are under no constitutional ob
 ligation to volunteer to catch slaves.
 But suppose a positive law should en
 join each individual to betray or aid in
 capturing the fugitive? the question put
 by the Apostles, when legally forbidden
 to teach in the name of Jesus, would
 then recur: “Whether it be right in
 the sight df God, to hearken unto you,
 more than unto God, judge ye.” It is
 not merely the right, but the duty of a
 Christian to refuse an active obedience
 to any and every law’of man, which he
 believes contravenes the commands of
 his Maker; and then, like the Apostles,
 to offer no forcible resistance to the
 penalties attached to hit disobedience.
 Mr. Clay may rest assured, that the
 bill of pains and penalties promised in
 his 7th resolutions, will not have the
 composing influence he anticipates.
 Filling our prisons with pious, benevo
 lent, kind-hearted men and women, will
 have little effect in suppressing agita
 tion. In his compromising ano
 dyne, Mr. Clay has omitted an impor
 tant ingredient. Ample provision is
 to be made for the recovery of south
 ern slaves, but none for the recovery of
 northern citizens. If the constitution
 gives the southern planter a right .to
 seize his slave in New York or Massa
 chusetts, equally explicit is the grant to
 citizens of those states to enjoy all the
 rights of citizenship in South Carolina.
 Yet, if certain of our citizens, free
 holders and electors at home, think
 proper to visit that state, a prison is
 the only dwelling they are permitted to
 occupy; and should the state to which
 they belong send an ngent to inquire
 why they are immured A a jail, and to
 bring their case before the supreme
 Court of the United States, he is com
 pelled to flee at the hazard of his
 life!
 8. The last item of this grand com
 promise is virtually a guaranty that the
 American slavejtrade, vile and loathsome
 as it is, shall be held sacred from pro
 hibition or obstruction by the federal
 government for all time to come. The
 stars and stripes shall forever protect
 each counting vessel that shall be freight
 ed with human misery and despair, and
 manacled coffles shall, without molesta
 tion, be driven across the continent
 from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The
 slave trade in the District, that is, in
 one single market, Mr. Clay pronoun
 ces “detestable,” and talks with honor
 of “the corteges which pass along our
 avenues of manacled human beings.”
 But why thia sudden outburst of indig
 nation against a lawful commerce? is
 it dishonorable to sell merchandise?
 Has not Mr. Clay himself proclaimed
 “that is property which the law makes
 property Why does he dishonor the
 Washington man-merchants? Is it
 base to buy and sell human beings?
 Mr. Clay forgets that this “detestable
 trade” is, in fact, supported by the gen
 tlemen breeders who sell and the gen
 tlemen planters who buy. But this
 trade, which is so “detestable,” and
 these corteges, which are so horrible on
 a very little scale, are now to assume
 national importance, protected and
 sanctioned by the government of the
 whole republic!
 Such, sir, is the magnanimous com
 promise which so many of our whig and
 democratic politicians, now that the
 elec\jofls are over, and the solemn
 pledges made in favor of the Wilmot
 proviso, supposed to be forgotten, are
 willing to accept as a mighty boon to
 human rights, and a mighty barrier
 against the further encroachments of
 the slave power. In my ears the only
 language addressed by these eight res
 olutions, to the north, is the cry of the
 horse-leech—give, give. No test can
 detect in them, no microscope can
 make visible the most minute concession
 to human liberty. Not one single inch
 ol territory does the proposed compro
 mise secure from slavery that is not al
 ready rescued from its power. Not one
 single human being wiH it sav? from
 bondage.
 The extension of the Missouri line to
 the Pacific, would at least have render
 ed all on the north of it free soil; but,
 says Mr. Clay, most truly, although
 with a frankness almost insulting to
 the north, “I say, sir, in my place
 here, that it is much better for the south
 that the whole subject should be open
 on both sides an imaginary line of 36
 deg 30m than that slavery should be
 interdicted positively north of 36 deg
 30m with fVeedon to admit 07 exclude it
 south of 36 deg 30m 'at the will of the
 people!!”
 .But, Mr. Clay exclaimed, “oo earth
 ly power could induce me to vote for
 the positive introduction of slavery south
 or north of that line," and *t this he
 roic hvowal the galleries applauded.
 But the galleries are not deeply versed
 in southern tactics., Mr. Clay need
 apprehend no. coercion to extort his r*&gt;
 luctant vote for a purpose no one de
 sires or demands. The south have,
 with one voice, denied the power of
 Cbngtess either to prohibit or establish
 slavery in the territories.. Said Mr.
 ging, t pf Alabama, in rep*y "we «»k
 no act of Congress to carry slavery
 any where. I believe we (Congress)
 have just as much right to prohibit sla
 very in the territories me to CaErry it
 there. We have no right to do one or
 the other.” Other southern senators
 t avowed their concurrence in the doc
 trine advanced by Mr, King. Hence
 Mr. Clayo’s defiance of any power on
 F earth to make him do, what nobody
 wants him todo, was, at least, a rhw
 torical flourish.
 3 -g* Wifi'alto
JOHN DICK, PitsTn
WHOLE NO. 114.
contend, a full and unqualified
 surrender of all ihe demands of the
 north, why did certain ultra senators
 object to iff A show of resistance
 might have been deemed politic, ae
 tending to make northern men snppoee
 there must be something granted to
 them, although they could not tell
 what. It may also suit the party pur
 poses .of some, to prolong the present
 agitation; that they may manufacture
 more patriotism ftr the southern mar
 ket; and, lastly, if any really wish to
 form a separate republic, in which they
 expect to have more power than they
 now enjoy, they will of course reject
 all concession, however great. But k
 is incredible that the mere alaveholfe
 ers, the men who are only anxious to
 open new markets for the sale of their
 stock, and to acquire more votes in
 Congress, should be averse to a pro
 position that offers them all they have
 ever asked, and all that Congress ean
 give them, with the exception of the
 suppression of the right of petition,
 and the censorship of the Post Office,
 and these are not now in issue.
 But we are told that unless we yield
 to the demands of the slaveholdeas, they
 will dissolve the Union. And what ara
 these demands, which Mr. Clay adnti
 we have full right to refuse? Why
 that a small body of men, not probably
 exceeding 100,000,* shall be at liberty,
 for their own aggrandizement to, blight
 with the curse of slavery our vast pos
 sessions south of 36 degrees 30 minuts,
 and whatever portion of Mexico it shall
 hereafter be found convenient to seize.
 Thus at a time when cruelty and op
 pression are elsewhere giving way be
 fore the increasing intelligence and
 morality of the age, we, the Model
 Republic, are to be the instrument ot
 extending over illimitable regions now
 free, a despotism more accursed, than
 any other known throughout the civi
 lized world—a despotism that not only
 enslaves the body, hut crushes the in
 tellect through which man is enabled la
 distinguish good from evil—a despot
 ism that annihilates all rights, sets at
 naught all the affections of the heart,
 and converts a being made in the im
 nge of God, into a soulless machtM.
 Tell me not of exceptions~of mom
 lucky chattle, like Mr. Clay's negro,
 referred to in his speech, who in his
 master’s well stored kitchen, hugs his
 :hain, laughs and grows fat. He is
 hut a vendible commodity, and to-mor
 row’s sun may behold him toiling under
 he lash, his wife given to another, and
 lie childrea with pigs end assies ssld
 it auction to the highest bidder. Tell
 me not of exceptions—'the kind owner*
 may at any moment he exchanged biy
 death or debts, for the hardened. rt»
 Horseless task-master, and the tnw
 junctions every villainy perpetrated
 ipon the slave.f No, my dear sir, I
 :annot give r«y consent, and I hope k
 will not be given for me by my repre
 sentative, to curse a vast empire wtih
 such an institution, and to doom un*
 Dorn millions to its unutterable nbonw
 lations, even to save our southern
 brethren from the sin and folly of found*
 ng a new Republic upon the denial
 human rights, and of rendering
 hemselves a bye-word, a proverb and
 i reproaeh among all the nations of the
 earth. I value the favor oi my God*
 and the salvation of my aouly too much
 to take part or lot in such great
 wickedness. Most fully to do I agree
 with Mr. Clay, that Congress has up
 more constitutional authority over ala*
 very in the states, than in the Island ot
 Cuba; aud most-fully do I agree with
 the admission in his speech, but not to
 be found in his of the right
 of Congress to exclude slavery from
 the conquerred territories. Hence in
 my opinion, the refusal to this
 right, even to preserve the Union,
 would be a crime in the sight of God
 and man. I entertain ng apprehension
 of the severance of the Union, for this
 cause, but should the few slaveholders,
 and the vast multitude of southern
 people, who have no interest in shivery,
 in their madness separate from us, upon
 them will rest the sin, and upon them
 and their chirdren will fell its punish
 ment. Let us do what God commands,
 and leave to Him the consequences.
 Yoiira. trolvj
 WILLIAM JAY.

 A Itpe census in Kentucky, reveals Ik* 6ct,
 that the slaveholder* in that stale own on an aver
 age 22 slave*, should this average be wplitt to.
 the whole si ave region, the number of rnastet s,
 according to the census of 1840, cannot exceed
 117,000! i
 t Our doughfaces are always rnnplaiaiig that
 their employers arc slandered at the north, lot
 the employers speak for themselves. Ip Doc Re
 po** (North Carolina) p. 263,1823, we font the
 case of The SlSte vl. Mann. The defendant at
 tempted to flog a woman slave whom he Had hired;
 she retreated; he ordered bei to cose© to him, bet
 she continuing to retreat,.he seised his gw, ire*
 at, and wounded her. For this he was indicted.
 The Court held that be who hires a slave is, for
 the time beiug invested with all the powers of the
 owner himself to enfotce obediertce, and tbs t ike
 indictment could not be sustained. SaflT Judge
 Ruffin. ‘The power of ths master atuet be abho
 lute, to render the submission of the,slave perfect-
 I most sincerely confess my sens* of the harshness
 of this proposition. 1 foe-lit deeply as any bub"
 cun; and us a principle of moral right; etery man
 bis retirement most mpudhws it. Bot in the actual
 stats of thing* it must he easretheneew remedy.-•
 &gt;V*R I* TM SouTH.r-Accotmu teotivek
 figp Brazil, stale that the war wbieb bau
 been some lime concocting between Break
 and Buenoa Ayxee, ia about.ta oonaetwa
 without further ptwtponeweot. D m~p kri—
 Paraguay aa pan. of the AxgeoUM RepnbUo;
 which claim Paraguay reaiate, and Break
 Ulwa part aa an ally, wife a m arrwnPm*t r
 piohably, that aha is to get aonrethfe# bj it,
 .1 wioceMfol. If ,b.
"
