"JPoetrs.
rnw Dwrra i vbristisn Citiseo.
 TO AMANDA WESTON.
 I» reply to her Lay of Stdiwi," published ii
 Um Christian Citisea, Nor. 18tl&gt;, IMS-
 Art thou weary, gentle Siswrl
 Dom thy gentle spirit yearn
 For the presence of the door ones,
 Who will welcome thy return 1
 Hath the fair world lost its gladness!
 Shadowed o'er thy morning skies!
 Doth the dew of grief and sadness
 ggs. Overflow thy gentle oyetl

 Cheat thee Sister! Be not weary;
 Pine not far thy distant homo;
 Peel not as a lonely stranger,
 Dooseed a dreary path to roam:
 There are other sisters ready
 Perth to etretch their hands to thee;
 There are kindly matrons—many,
 Who would soothe and solace thee.
 Deem not earth a darksome dwelling;
 Cloads may hide the sweet star’s gleam,
 Bat a still, small voice is telling,
 Thiags are better than they seem.
 Among theagfas are mwimJ;
 Entry soul owns lympatky;
 Ufa ie not a cold rehearsal;
 Tntt htartt beat in unity!
 Cheer thee, Sister! Every trial
 Hath some wisely purposed ends;
 Every thwarting and denial,
 Even lose of bosom friends:
 May this thought, my gentle Sister,
 la the struggle, make thee strong;
 Aad 1 have a message, also,
 Uato all who read my song.
 If thy mother’s smile is clouded,
 If thy sister’s voioe is fled;
 If thy brother lies enshrouded,
 Numbered with the silent dead:
 Leaely mourner, knew that sorrow
 Bat eadureth for a night;
 There shall dawn n glad to-morrow,
 Cheered by smiles and sunbeams bright.
 Emm* 8. Matmkws.
 Bbictol, Eng., Doc. 1848.
 From the Family Visitor.
 NIGHT-MUSINGB
 Afar in the Mtfhh-land,
 Where wild Erie is foaming,
 By star-light and moon-beams,
 All lonely, I’m rosmiog.
 Te Time’* buried years,
 Now is turned my lone dreaming,
 And bright in my visions
 Rises Perry’s flag, streaming!
 Oaee mere, sanguine war clouds
 la the distance are looming,
 And faiut o’er the waters
 Cosse the bailie-tones booming.
 Our Eagles flap victory—
 Brave warriors sink gory,
 Leaving Erie’s mad waves
 Shouting ceaseless their glory.
 Sublime in the eastward
 Wild Niag’ru is thundering.
 All peerless in grandeur,
 To astound n world’s wondering.
 Great emblem of battle!
 Whose fierce waters raving,
 Shall trump it forever
 Our trinmph-iags waving.
 Here, on fields of glory,
 Slain heroes are sleeping.
 Yon monument towering
 Brock’s Inst relics are keeping.
 Aad, bard by winds Lundy,
 Where Winfield’s star is shining,
 Whose bold deeds, la Astec,
 Immortal wraatfaes are twining.
 Far up to the westward,
 Where fair Islands are beaming,
 Like the bright home of Sappho,
 la Gracia’s seas gleaming—
 -1 see, ages agone.
 In my Fancies’ wild musing
 The painted canoes
 Of red warriors, cruising.
 Fierce Wyandot chieftains,
 Down the north-coast are sailing,
 When their Seneca foe men
 Come with warrior-songs, hailing.
 Lang fiercely, and bloody,
 The dire conflict is raging,
 Ere theee stern-hearted braves
 Cease in death-etrife engaging.
 The Emerald City,
 Here, around me reposing—
 A gem from New England,
 Her radiance disclosing—
 From forest and jungle,
 In two ages, changing,
 Hath sprung up in beauty,
 Where wild men were ranging.
 Now Art and Religion,
 Witk fair Science are blending,
 To five polish and tone;
 E*ch, refinement is lending;
 Whilst, equal with any
 In Learning, and Feeling,
 Are Teachers, and Students,
 Who pursue the Art Healing*
 Oitv«LanD, Jnn. 29,1840
 FORTUNE AND LOVE.
 T BLISS COOK.
 lAt lira without Fortune, if Providence will it.
 Fee joy sen be fauad where smell treasure is
 shed;
 7 hose who bear a full cup are most fearful to spill it,
 Aad oftentimes walk with the narrowest tread.
 I sere not though fate may deny me profusion,
 If earth will but show me some rays from above;
 F«B me not that God’s light is a dreamy illusion—
 I could live without Fortune but not without Love!
 Oh* Hie pleasant to know there are beings about to,
 Who tune the most exquisite strings in our heart,
 To feoi that they would not bo happy without us,
 Aad shot they in their loneliness sigh when we
 part.
 Oh! there’s something divine in the thought that
 we cherish
 A star-beam itl in us that shines from above—
 To know that if all the world gives us should
 litriflkf
 The greatest of Fortune still dwells in our Love!
 Oh! ’Us glory to feel that wo live for boom others,
 Thug self is not aH wo depend on below,
 That oßoetton yet links us to sisters and brothers,
 Whose faith will be constant, corns weal or com*
 woo.
 Though the vulture of trouble may harass our
 tIjHMNR,
 Ne’er fear while the spirit is fad by the dove;
 Ul the despots of Ufa give Eteraity’s blossom,
 Asd urn'll live without Fortune, while favored
 bylove.
 What fanat will keep aJh*tieu true!
 Whet spell will rivet friendship fast!
 Whet flower will blighted faith renew,
 And Hoop hope blooming to dm lust!
 Ob, touch the heart hut those to find,
 frd prm m angel w mankind!
JttiscelJaneou®.
(From the CeiumbiM-l
 OLIVER GODSMITH.*
 BY NOBLE BUTLER.
 After the perusal of Irving’s Life
 of Goldsmith, we feel that justice has
 been done to the author of "The De
 serted Village" and "The Vicar of
 Wakefield." The literary merits of
 Goldsmith it required the malignant
 meanness of a Kenrick to decry; but
 to make his personal character the ob
 ject of unfeeling jests has been fashion
 able. We owe a debt of gratitude to
 the American Goldsmith for a true por
 trait of one who wopld not have dis
 dained to call him brother.
 We will not now attempt to speak of
 Goldsmith's literary character. His
 works are in the list of the world's
 classics. His poems the world has by
 heart. Every one who has gone be
 yond the school reader, has read and
 felt "The Traveller" and "The De
 serted Village. The simple and effec
 tive style, the beautiful imagery, the
 noble sentiments, are appreciated at all
 times and in all countries. No change
 of schools in poetry has diminishea
 Goldsmith’s fame. He spoke to the
 human race and the human race un
 derstands him. There is nothing in
 his works to excite the stormy passions,
 k is to the gentle feelings that he ap
 peals. His poeins are like landscapes
 full of quiet beauty and grace, where
 the tree bends calmly over the water,
 and sees a sky below as unbroken as
 the sky above; while over the whole is
 spread the gentle melancholy of Indian
 summer. His prose works are written
 in a style which, in graceful freedom
 and transparency, can scarcely be sur
 passed, and are full of exquisite delin
 eations of character, sound observa
 tions on life, the most delicate humor,
 and the kindest feelings. "Few
 works," says one of his biographers,
 referring to "The Citizen of the
 World, exhibit a nicer perception, 01
 more delicate delineation of life ant!
 manners. Wjt, humor, and sentimenl
 pervade every page; the vices and
 follies of the day are touched with the
 most playful and diverting satire; and
 English characteristics, in endless va
 riety, are hit off with the pencil of a
 master." He even made abridgement;
 of history delightful, and natural histo
 ry as entertaining as "a Persian tale.’
 It is said that when Langton made
 his first visit to Johnson, he had, from
 perusing his writings, "expected to find
 him a decent, well dressed, in short a
 remarkably decorous philosopher. In
 stead of which, down from his bed
 chamber about noon, came, as new!)
 risen, a large uncouth figure, with c
 little dark wig which scarcely coverec
 his head, and hisclotheshangingloose
 jly about him." It is seldom that the
 appearance of distinguished men cor
 responds with our expectations. Bui
 we do not know of any author whost
 external appearance and conduct wen
 so well calculated to disappoint the
 readers of his works as were those o
 Oliver Goldsmith. His works give yot
 the idea of a most polished gentleman,
 kind-hearted, indeed, but extreme!)
 shrewd—of one whom you would not
 think of attempting to deceive. Yot
 imagine him dressed in the most perfeci
 manner in which no part of the dresi
 excites particular observation, but the
 whole conveys sn inexpressible idea ol
 btcomingnetf. You expect to find one
 who manages his affairs in such a judi
 cious manner that all goes on smooth
 ly.
 But he who became personally ac
 quainted with Goldsmith, after having
 formed such ideas of the man, wan
 e gK r «g iou&gt;, y disappointed. There was
 his little, plain person, decked in a fan
 tastic manner. A bailiff perhaps was
 entering the door while a sturdy beggar
 was walking off with the money which
 which should have discharged the debt.
 He might have been perceived cursing
 his credulity, which had just been im
 posed upon by one successful deceiver,
 and pawning his clothes for the benefit
 of another. With respect to worldly
 thrift there was nothing but wisdom in
 bis mouth, and nothing but folly in his
 conduct. The visiter could almost
 imagine a mysterious union of two in
 dividuals iu the same body, a man to
 think and speak, and a child to act. It
 seemed as if some charm prevented his
 true nature from manifesting itself in
 action—as if the thought, starting from
 his brain like an Oberon, was in its
 passage to action changed into a Puck.
 But this character, with all its strange
 contradictions, was one which all but
 the envious man and the fool were
 forced to love. When he died in the
 midst of his difficulties, the feelings of
 bis acquaintances burst forth in that
 expressive exclamation, "Poor Gold
 smith!"—an exclamation in which pity
 for his failings was over balanced by
 affection for his virtues. The principal
 charges that have been made against
 the character of Goldsmith are the
 charges of improvidence and vanity.
 That he waa improvident ia too mani
 fest, and a severe penalty did ha pay
 for his fault. He was led to incur
 debts which pressed upon him continu
 ally, and at last crushed him to the
 earth. But we believe that he never
 entertained a dishonest intentioo during
 his whoie|life. His "knack at hoping"
 led him into innumerable difficulties.
 When he was about to incur some debt,
 Hope pointed to abundant sources of
 revenue, and overwhelmed Reason with,
 her volubility. The kindness of heart
 from which a great part ot bis careless
 ness with regard to money proceeded
 affords some palliation for his faults.
 He felt so much of the distress of the
 miserable that he found it impossible to
 resist the inclination to relieve them
 Even whilp at college, his benevolent
 feelings led him into difficulty, The
 following story shows his disposition.
 He was doing the same thing in differ
 ent forms all his life.
 He was. engaged to breakfast one
 day with a college intimate, but failed
 to make his appearance. His friend
 repaired to hie room, knocked at the
 door atid was bidden to enter. To bis
 surprise be found Goldsmith in his bed,
 immersed to his chin in feathers. A
 serio-comic story explained the cireaia
 ~*Oliver Goldsmith, k Biography. Bj Wadi
 •ngtoo Irving. I vol. v«. New York: Gome
 f Putnam. Ciociaooii: H. W. Dwty ft
 ihssifflQa; Nsnos ft ftriswald
 f
stance. In tbe course of the preceding
 evening’s stroll be had met with a wo
 man with five children, who implotxd
 his charity. Her husband was in tire
 hospital; she was just from the country,
 a stranger, and destitute, without food
 or shelter for her helpless offspring.
 This was too much for the kind heart
 ol Goldsmith. He was almost as poor
 as ncrself, it is true, and had no money
 in his pocket, but he brought her to the
 college gate, gave her the blankets
 from his bed to cover her little brood,
 and parttif his clothes for her to sell
 and purchase food; and finding himself
 cold during the night, had cut open his
 bed and buried himself among the fea
 thers.
 Poor Goldsmith was buried in fea
 thers tbe greater part of his life. While
 he was immersed in feathers to keep
 himself warm if another sufferer had
 come to him with a piteous tale he would
 have given up the feathers too. He
 was totally incapable of resisting an
 appeal to his charitable feelings.
 Crowds of the needy surrounded him.
 He would pawn his property to raise
 money for them. On one occasion the
 poor woman whom he owed for the hire
 of his appartment, entered his loom
 and told a piteous tale of distress, her
 husband having been arrested in the
 night for debt, and thrown into prison,
 his feelings were so excited that he sent
 off to the pawnbrokers’s a borrowed
 suit of clothes, aad raised money enough
 to release his landlord from prison.
 His answer to Griffiths,, who threatened
 him with the jail, is a most affecting
 out-pouring of despondency. “Sir,’
 says he, “I know no misery but a jail
 to which my own imprudences and yoni
 letter seem to point. I have seen ii
 inevitable for these three or four weeks,
 and by heavena! request it as a favot
 —as a favor that may prevent some
 thing more fatal. I have been some
 years struggling with a wretched be
 ing—with all that contempt that indi
 gence bring with it—with all those pas
 sions that make contempt insupport
 able. What then, lias a jail that if
 formidable? No, sir, had 1
 been a sharper—had I been possessec
 I of less good nature nrtd native gen
 i erosity, I might surely now have beer
 in better circumstances. I am guilty
 I own, of meannesses which poverty
 unavoidably brings with it; my reflet
 tions are tilted with repentance for inj
 imprudence, but not with any remorsi
 for being a villain; that may be a cha
 racier you unjustly charge me with.’
 1 Poor Goldsmith was conscious o
 his imprudence, and generosity was s&lt;
 natural to him that he did not think o
 it as a palliation. He was able evei
 to give good advice on the subject o
 prudence, and knew all the maxims o
 thrift. In a letter to his brother Hen
 ry, speaking of the education of hii
 nephew, he makes the following re
 marks, which are as prudent as coult
 well be imagined. “Teach, then, m
 dear sir, to your son, thrift and econo
 my. Lei his poor wandering uncle’i
 example be placed before his eyes. 1
 had learned from books to be disinter
 ested and generous, before I was taughi
 from experience the necessity of being
 prudent. I had contracted the habit)
 end uotions of a philosopher whil 1 wai
 exposing myself to the approached o
 insidious cunning; and oftfin by being,
 even with my narrow finances, charit
 able to excess,*l forgot the rules of jus
 tice, and placed myself in the ver&gt;
 situation of the wretch who thankee
 me for my bounty. When lam in the
 remotest part of the world tell him this,
 and perhaps he may improve from mj
 example.”
 Fortunately prudence is not the only
 virtue in the world. If it were so,
 Goldsmith would have been the mos!
 incorrigible scoundrel that ever breath
 ed. But this man, who was so har*
 rassed with pecuniary difficulties, could
 not be induced, by any prospect ol
 gain, to swerve from his principles oi
 give up his independence. If his room
 had been filled with bailiffs—if starva
 tion or the jail had frowned upon him
 wherever he turned his eyes, they could
 not have driven him from his principles.
 Those who considered money the great
 god, were astonished at his childish
 simplicity in this respect. Instances
 of his firmness of principle were re
 lated as excellent jokes by those who
 could scarcely find words to express
 their virtuous abhorrence of his impru
 dent generosity. While he was liter
 ally living from hand to mouth, one
 Parson Scott, who had received two
 fat livings for his political subservien
 cy, was deputed to engage him in the
 support ofLord North’s administration.
 The parson made what he considered
 a “good story” out of his embassy.
 “I found him,” said he, “in a misera
 ble suit of chambers in the Temple. I
 told him my authority. I told him I.
 was empowered to pay most liberally
 for his exertions; and, would you be
 lieve it, be was so absurd as to say ‘I
 can earn aa much as will supply my
 wants without writing for any party;
 the assistance you offer is therefore
 unnecessary to me;’ —and so I left
 him in his garret!” High-minded par
 son! We can imagine the sublime
 contempt with which the ‘'round, fat,
 oity man of God” looked upon the mis
 erable sinner before him! “And so I
 left him in his garret!” How Parson
 Scott’s eve twinkled as be related his
 story! No doubt he told it again and
 again, and considered that he had per
 formed his part of the entertainment
 when he had got through with it. When
 the wiae ones called tor “Parson Soott’o
 good story,” how complacently he sat
 shaking his laurels as the bursts of up
 roarious laughter pealed around him!
 Sir John Hawkins relates another ex
 ceedingly “good story,” The Earl of
 Northumberland, who then bold the
 office of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland,
 wm willing to extend to Goldsmith the
 patronage which his high post afforded.
 Sir John was at Northumberland House
 when the poet made bis appearance.
 Ho waited in the outer room to
 learn the result of tbe visit. Gold
 smith, on coming out, told him that, in
 reply to tbe gracious offers of oasis
 tance, be had mentioned tbe situation
 of his brother, who stood in need of
 help. “Thus,” exclaims Sir John,
 “did this idiot in tbe affairs of the world
 trifle with his fortunes, and put back
 the hand that was held out to eseiat
 him!” The lawyer was&gt;oe unfortunate
 as the ptrton in tbs attempt to under-1
stand this singular idiot, who thought ol
 others more than ha did of hitnself.
 TO BE COXTIJUED.
CLASSES Ilf RUSSIA.
 The nobles number about 800,000,
 (including those in Poland, Finland,
 and the Baltic provinces,) and are di
 vided into some fifteen different classes.
 Some of the nobles are hereditary, and
 others have received their honors as a
 reward of their merits. It has been
 the policy of the Emperors, ever since
 Peter the Great, to create as many
 nobtes as possible, in order to weaken
 their power. Many of these nobles are
 exceedingly poor, but very proud, dis
 daining all manual labor, and looking
 with contempt at a merchant, however
 wealthy. They wear a badge, which
 designates the exact order of nobility
 to which they belong, on the left breast
 of their coat, and to this the common
 people pay the greatest deference.
 The son of every nobie is also a noble.
 Many ot these nobles are exceedingly
 refined in their manners. Most ot them
 speak. French, (which they learn in
 childhood,) and many speak it better
 than Russian. This custom was set
 by Peter the Great.
 Of the merchants there are 3,000,-
 000. They are divided into three
 guilds, according to their property;
 but each man may estimate his proper
 ty at what he pleases. Those who are
 worth $lO,OOO may enter the first
 guild; those worth between $lOOO and
 $lO,OOO may enter the second guild:
 and those worth under $lOOO belong to
 the third guild.
 The clergy form a class by them
 selves, and marry among themselves,
 like the tribe of Levi among the Jews,
 The number of men belonging to thi*
 order is 102,000, but their entire fami
 lies number half a million. The bishops
 are taken from the order of monks, and
 are unmarried. All the rest of the
 clergy must be married; and they can
 not marry a widow, or be married the
 second time. This latter rule makee
 them take good care of their wives.
 They are readily known by their long
 beards and black dress. They are not
 much respected, except in their offici
 al capacity, for they aro extremely ig
 norant, and many of them are very low
 in point of character. Avarice and
 intemperance are common vices among
 them. The most opprobrious epithet
 one Russian can bestow upon another,
 is to call him the son of a piHest.
 Tere are 48,000,000 serfs in Russia,
 of which 20,000,000 belong to the
 crown, and 26,500,000 to the nobles.
 The serfs are bought and sold with
 the land. Some of them are mechanics,
 but the greater part are farmers. Each
 serf has as much land as he can culti
 vate, the use of which he pays for in
 money or in kind. These rents are
 very reasonable, and many of the serfs
 become very rich, for their property is
 sacredly protected. There is no coun
 try in the world where a man can rise
 so rapidly as in Russia. The lecturer
 mentioned the caso of a man, who has
 j risen from the condition of serfdom to
 be the owner of 100,000 serfs. In
 Peter the Great’s day, the highest
 offices in the army were open to the
 serfs.
 The dress of the sefs, for the most
 part, is very rude. They live in a
 cabin fifteen or twenty feet square,
 containing one room, in the centre of
 which is a table, and around the sides
 is a bench which, being turned over at
 night, forms their bed. This cabin is
 kept intensely hot by a stove, but the
 injurious effect of so great, a heat is
 counteracted by the smoke which is
 produced by shutting off the flue when
 the wood becomes charred.
 There are i,BQQ,OOU Jews who live
 in the western part of Russia. They
 are confined mostly to Poland. The
 reason of there being so many Jews
 in this country is, that Kosimer, thr
 King of Poland, was married to a
 Jewish lady, (by the name of Esther,
 as the Jews say,) through whose in
 fluence bis kingdom was opened as an
 asylum to the Jews, when they were
 persecuted by every other nation. The
 Jews are very poor and ignorant,
 though better educated than the mass
 of the Russians. They are known by
 their peculiar dress and dark complex
 ion. Many of them, especially the
 women, are extremely handsome.
 The Doctrine in Ohio. At the
 Democratic State Convention held in
 Columbus, Ohio,on the. Bth inst. the
 following resolution in reference to the
 slave question was adopted:
 Resolved, That on the question of
 Slavery,we hereby re-affirm the resolu
 tions of said Convention in the words
 following: “That the people of Ohio,
 now,as Uuy always have done,look up
 on the institution of Slavery in any part
 os the Union, as an evil, and unfavor
 able to the full development of the spir
 it and practical benefits of free institu
 tions; and that entertaining such'senti
 ments, they will at all times feel it
 their duty to use all power, dearly
 given by the terms of the National
 compact, to prevent its increase, to
 mitigate and finally eradicate the evil.
 But be it further Resolved, that the
 democracy of Ohio do at the same time,
 fully recoguize the doctrine held by the
 early fathers of the Republic, and still
 maintained by the democratic party in
 all the States, that to each State -be
 longs the right to adopt and modify its
 own municipal laws;to regulate its own
 internal affairs; to hold and maintain
 an rqual and independent'sovereignty
 with each and every other States and
 that upon these State rights ‘the Na
 tional Legislature can neither legislate
 dor encroach.
 “What needjhas the South to fear,
 while the Democracy of the North
 stand by such doctrine? If the South
 would but learn to know who are the
 true friends of the constitution in the
 North, all source of uneisiness would
 speedily be banished.’*'
 r W* a K® nfu&lt; PSPSrI Burra
 for Ohio Democracy! Us resolution is
 in advance of the Wilmot Proviso-*-**
 it not, Mr. Plaindesler?
 “What need has the South to fear?”
 Nona whatever! and the South will
 learn this; will know who are Its true
 friends at the North-*’ V
 So we go- Up bore on the cold
 Lake, this resolution is all for Free
 dom; down there, on the dark and
 bloody crowd, it ia all for Slavery l~
 Claw. Tm# Dm,
Asylum fer the Sick.
 F)R. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 •L/Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite tlw
 Orphan Asylum, Hwhoter, N.Y.
 w UOW firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. Tiie proprietor analytes every disaas e'hat ii
 admitted there,and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every «av
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment iii
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to l«
 expressly understood tlmt it is not relied on as them/y
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed tor that class of
 invalids who have failed to olitain their health by ail
 other systems ef practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confuted to tlseir
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and souie
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 tliern when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if tliey have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to staud, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear anv noise or speak aloud.
 2d. W eakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot tite Henri, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles. fWiveues*. Di
 lirrboea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Fret and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, iu its" worst ferine, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod iu
 its first stages, General Weakness and Dehiljty,
 Tlie proprietor has given liis whole attention to
 the above diseases fur the last teu years, and has
 treated them in an entirely ditfereul way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has lieen his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, tlmt instead of publishing a bug list of cer
 tified cures, be wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a sufficient gun ran let
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need he to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who w ishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into* the Institution, to advance the money and
 ■vjy nil the expenses from any part of the United
 Suites here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 togethf i with liis professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against inisiepieseuutiuns and expense
 w ithout receiving equal benefit, can let the proo-ie
 tor know what wil. Ire satisfactory, and it shill be
 I duly co: sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prar
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here,"as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means dial it shall sustain itsei.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 clioose to make a cunt 1 act in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures tbit have lieen made in this institution, because
 1 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to die poor suffering invalids
 that bive spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 j lienefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 w hose treatment is different from any other one die
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 tliey are materially benefited.
 From tire nature of treatment in diis Institution,
 the number of patents must be limited, therefore die
 proprietor doesnoi solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may he easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, tmless tliey wish to get well, and are willing
 to tie made well enough to walk from fiye to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means diat every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by dieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, arid improved
 liealdi, that die treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every oilier dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which hue received the highest
 awards and most heart) testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe-,
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or!
 America, is now manufactured in Spnngjield, Matt.,
 by Mes.-rs. Palmer, Currier it Hudson.
 They warrant entire lalwjaction.
 reference y.
 Drs. Ha milton and Sfraoue, of Buffalo.
 Ur. Gan son, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster ami Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sepl4-6m
ATHOL W ATE Jl CUBE.
 IMIE Subscriber beg* leave to call tie attention
 of Invalid*, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic eslablisiunent in
 Athol, Macs.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent lacili
 tic* for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 patby. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with tlie water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patient* can scarcely fail to obtain the
 Iwultlilul result* for which they labor.
 The following case illustrate* this remark. Mr*.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged;
 about thirty-five years, was la-ought to me last;
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If plnced in an erect position, and left uic
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, site made an
 effort to. walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her effort* to die contrary, would cross the
 oilier. She had been m this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the liilh of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, »h?|
 lias continued her baths, with corresponding
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages,
 Terms, from fire to ten dollar* per week, accord
 ing to die necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are w illing to occupy them in eomlnou
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor unmls*
 Manufactured i.y ti« American Free Pro.
 due* Association, and for sale at No. Sl,North
 Fifth -street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown sad colored;
 Bird Ere Towels; black aad while Wedding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wish; Bed .Ticking, an e*.
 cuilent article; Calico, Stockings, Kuuung Cotton,
 Re, Re.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may bo addressed'w&gt; t Miller McKim, 81, North
 Fifth-street; DanW L. Miller* Tenth-street; or to
 Junes Mott, No. *6, Church Alley.
 Afoan aod handsoma assortment of Prints son
 on hand. jui—tf
 Cetored Sailors* Hone,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 pRIENDS -f *la7s, and strangers on a visy
 A to New York, can now be accommodated with
 ss good Board, and at as low a price sa la say other
 lions* the city. 1 The house is hums and eon
 sealant L _IJ irnifuarnhlii saaaaM^v^BttM
 mWPH I WTH BOK3 CORiIOFUtOI J IVFSUIJ
 "Titr&amp;ui:
HalstH’s Eclectic Medical Intitule,
 til Water-fare Establish Beat.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 (Wing fourteen year*, for the cure of all Chronic
 j Diseases, and such *s cannot be removed by medi
 i cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tienU have been restored to health ami usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find n lief by any otlier course qf medi
 cine. Huudreds who had been contined to their
 beds for years, ami wlio were almost iu dttimir,
 have Intel renewed hope and courage when tiny nave
 learned that others, laboring under a* many discour
 agements as themselves, have l&lt;een ettn-d by this
 tre itulent after every thing else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CIIROiS IC, N Elt-
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 *c., which produce symptoms ot almost all other
 diseases, with their accompeuintents—as DY’S
 ARHELMATIsM ,NEURAI.GlA, OS
 TIYLNLSB, LOSS OF TIIE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INS\N ITY and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 ami which medicine alone wilt not cure—to ourli
 sndfen'M we would say, we are curing huudretls just j
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives!
 and children to have them cured—why nut cuuie
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We ure using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure estaldislunenu yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; lan a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal iu its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, iu one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 tlie case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.—Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the torn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 which aie more frequent than Physician* ure willing
 to acknowledge,especially withiu their owu practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from tlie diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessnes* and iiaiu, when a few weeks' or at most a
 few moiitlis’tieatJiieiit, would lemove their difficulties
 and restore them to tlieir families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 liappines* of others. 'Phis lus never failed to I*
 accompli shed in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have roine hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by bout, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 atelted treatment fur all long standing or Chrome dis
 eases, of whatever land or nature, that we will offer the
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 fV&gt; will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire a, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 grvt them our professional semens, free »f charge, (f
 they art not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will pul a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under tlieir own
 charge, and will lie a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of tlieir substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend their money
 without benefit, ami that no false statements or im
 positions will lie practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing female difficulties is
 a nett discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The moil helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 lined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go up
 and down stairs m 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear ar trouble in regard to their oRi a 1N A L dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy ewe is performed.' If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity und shill.
 Our TERMS arc easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ike., free oi
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. B. Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communication* should be addressed to II alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., nost
 paid.
 ReFF.rences.—Joseph Field Kx-Mavor, and
 Rev. li. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. V.
 JOHN D. REV ALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 O ami Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recited. General reduction
 in price*.
 Fine 4-4 Print* various styles.
 New style* of Print* of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslin*. Also Colored
 Cambric*.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz l/mbrella*
 Oil Cloth*.
 Satinets, a, *d cheap. Also on hand, mostly
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities "am!
 styles.
 Fine arid heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Musliu.
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Litienfe, warranted (r«e from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 laLle Diaper and Cloths, of different *tvle».|
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Lo:_t? and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Laps. A Uo,
 Kenned Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 r °J* n q Ua lity, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 ot con airy merchants as well an his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time,
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-st*
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. ■tf
TUST PUBLISHED.and for sale at the office ol
 U of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The legion of Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 9UO eminent authorities, aud about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37| cts. in muslin,,
 and 25 cenis in paper covers.. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those wlh&gt; purclsue a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal Of
 Women from various authors, 124 rents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Mauar of Sbrvery. By Theodors Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 VVqt- W, Brown’s Lecture before tlie Female A 8.
 Society of Salem Ifafc. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston —pp. 22. Price 9 cenu.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 3|, North f)ftk Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly bn hand. Also a handsora
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 AN letters relating to the busiswes of the office
 to be duwstsd to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Mas Ms #wi Physic lan.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, i new ami valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that ma\
 be consulted with perfect safety. As Its title past
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account fo«.system while in
 heelth, and rules for preserving that state. Appear
 dedio which are recipes for mkinf ▼inous nedi
 cines and articles for diet for foe sick room. The
 whole written for general use and «huly!practke, by
 Joint B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, acrompenving this book, or separate, is
 "THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their name*, rarietin*,description,
 medical aropertsee and doses, me, time of gathering,
 aad many other diraction* very esafof for every film
 •®»e*ag»aßSsS6
 cel Butane, end wilt furnish on that p nnt all the
 neeired information wahted for general we.” 11
 TPhe two books are pus up and hound together and
 contain 300 pages, pn«* 25 ceaas, or sold separate
 at 131 cents, e*»
 Ths symptoms of «aeh are carefully given
 M tnai one may be recognised from another, to pre
 vent practising iu the dark; also foe treatment, a
 sketch of gdoerai physiofogy, and rwhs dor keeping
 ggasrwSasß&gt;
The book has been written with great rare, in a
 plain, simple, common-canse wyrfct easily to be ur
 deretuud hy every person, and lw a practical physi*
 |&lt;Maa na.lA thorough botanist. We cun rerowiwil
 U with entire confidence, as being a work snpei ioc
 I mall restart* n» any other I sink of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially those lit.
 I n countries ami unhealthy climates, should
 not foil to procure a copy ami have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might therehi ly
 some simple remedy save an exp a?t ve and pr.'tiac
 led doctor* hill. Whether well or sU k, *ta h a hook
 should lie in every boii-e as a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the dim lion given for pets- ra ia
 health rui.not lie too strictly attended to by all.
 Tlie price at which the taaik is sold is so low that
 every family may iutve a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 Tlie (took is put »p in Paper lauding, ami ran
 easily la* sent by mail. Postage only 6J cents to any
 aartofthe United States.
 iff Any person sending as one dollar bv mail, and
 pnd paying postage on tlie letter, skull' have four
 copies Kin him fret of postage.
 Scua in your orders#, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and the books
 always reach th'ir destination.
 OC )r Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, ami have four lionks sent to one address.
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 earned to tlieir doors. A small capital of from S2Q
 to $5O w ill lie necessary for each agent. Addiess.
 oost paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 Aprill,lB49 6 Exrhange-st, Rochester,N. V.
'G. W, MERCHANT’S]
 V I' I, K H it T.K li
 oar going oil,
 [roll HOitSF!? At* HI &gt;1 N h rsw J
 r i
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 AS IHI MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 TIME and experience have ftillv proved that tin*
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY’ lias nut its emwl
 on the list oi popular medicine*, having bcenlieturs
 the public Ibr more ilum fourteen veins. Tcstimn
 ny of tlie most disinterested chaiactor of its huh
 denul cflecis on die animal economy i« almost daily
 presented to tlie proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the greut and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which iu virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farnter, and tlie wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a greut variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facta and philosophy, start «t the
 assertion that any one remedy cuu po**e*s within
 itself the virtue ot curing many diseases. Expert
 eare of more than fourteen tear* has nevertheless
 established tlie fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cute most vase* ami relieve such as the lid low
 mg, among many others in tlie core of which this
 Oil lias been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended reuied.eslrnve completely tailed;
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 feci ion*, Bite* of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boil*, Whitlows, Asthma. Bruises, Burns,
 and Skalds, raui|w, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcer* from local causes. Caked
 Brr usts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,\\ omuls, Swelliugs, &amp;c.
 Also u host of diseases
 in Horae* and other
 auimals.such as
 .SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RIND HONE,
 WindgaJl, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 i Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 JFiituht, Sitfast, Strains, lstmenes*,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, *c
 Numerous are the unsolicited stmements of pa
 lients themselves, and others who have used (lie Oil,
 of cures which iu themselves appear so remarkable
 iliat were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 I he cekgrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows;
 Dear Sir: i have prescribe your Gargl ng Oil iu
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 a# a liniment, with marked success, uml would couk
 meud it to physicians generally for externa! use iu
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings
 ami in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. A* a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is tlie most
 e the lent remedy within the circle of means uow iu
 u#e.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy v liere there is no
 general lever in all the above diseases, to be used
 Ireely, ami to counteract iiitUnnnaiiou in a remark
 able manner, in bruised wounds it prevents swell
 tug, and consequent soreues* in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 un|»ralieled success it has met pith in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number ot medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses art liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse.
 For instance, rend die lollowing;
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify dial I have liad for many year* the
 care of from one hundred to two hucured horses
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two tears j&gt;a#t, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, 1 never saw its
 equal. 1 use about one bottle per mouth, and re
 emu mend it to the public as die best medicine for
 horses now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to tlie proprietor will b*
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplulled by die use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in die Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post fc Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. &gt;Vad*
 Kociiebter.
 i j a )'k&gt;rd, Henderson h. Panderson, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 St Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany;
 Hollister Co, Buliulo; Greenmail k, Smith, Uri
 ca; P D Orris Co, Troy, NY. July IJF—6m
British Periodical Literatare.
 The London Quarterly Rnrew, the Edinburgh Remote
 The North Smith Review, the Wettmmtter Review,
 and Blackwood’*' Edinburgh Mu s a*mt.
 THF. widespread fame of these splendid period!
 cals renders it needle** to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand tar m advance ol
 anything of the sort now published,, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 citndor, and forbearance, not often found in work*
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tdry, 'Whig, anti Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North |British Re
 view is more of religions character, having beet,
 originally edited by Dr. Clndmers, and now, since
 bis dealti, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Iu
 literary character &gt;s of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted wider that title only,
 1* publiaeed in England uuder the title, of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Rev iewa formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in «m
 wdik the best feature* ol* "both as hereto lore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood's
 Magazine, being ah exact/w-rtmtfrof the Edinburgh
 ntitfw ton Is 4», (tr srwcnintirro* tax it.)
 For any oarof the fear Reviews, US 00 per namun.
 For any «o do SOO
 For aav llnve do 7 00
 For all four of the Re view a, .8 00
 For, Blackwoody Magazine, 800
 For Blackwood and tbs S Reviews, 900
 Tor Blackwood It the 4 Reviews, 1000
 Payments to bi made in a/le**u in advana
 CLUBBING.
 Foot copies of «ny or «U the above works will
 wat address on payment of tha mguJar saa
 sfrtptiou for three— the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 r A t ‘potent with the British publishers
 Black wood’s Magazine secures to t» early sheeu
 that work, by which we shall be ahis to place die
 entire number in the hands of subscriber* before nay
 pot t»to of If can he reprinted in any of the American
 lentwnls. For this and other advantages secured to
 fair subscribers we payee large a eomuderatiou.Uat
 we compelled to raise the price of the Mags
 uae. Therefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the priceistow.
 Remitweis and nnammeiseilnas should abase
 p, Fulton Street, New
"
