"The Slave Trade.
 Our readers will recollect that we lately
 a correspondence of William Har
 med of New Aork, with Bruin Hill, deal
 ers in men, women, and babies, in relation to
 o beautiful white girl, named family Russel,
 jfor whom the said soul traders demanded
 EIGHTEEN HUNDRED DOLLARS.
 Efforts have been made to purchase her, but
 •without success. Reader, remember that
 this young woman was imprisoned in Alex
 andria, —for nearly fifty years a portion of
 the District ofColumbia, —where slavery and
 the slave trade existed by the permission of
 the people of the Free States.
 The following account of the matter is
 from the Washington correspondent of the
 True Democrat:
Washington, Feb. 9, 1850.
On Wednesday last, a friend of mine re
 ceived a letter from New York, soliciting his
 assistance in the purchase of a slave girl, who
 has recently fallen into the hands of the soul
 traders in Alexandria. My friend being pres
 sed with business was anxious that I should
 take the matter in hajid, and I accordingly
 assented.
The letter strongly urged the purchase of
 “the girl at a reasonable sum, which sum, kind
 Triends in New York, who kindly esteemed
 'the mother of the unfortunate slave, agreed
 to raise.
Before starting for Alexandria yesterday
 :morning, I was informed by Joshua Leavitt,
 who had just arrived from New York, that
 the friends, there had abandoned the idea ol
 giving SIBOO, and if they would not take
 Jess, the mother and her friends must endure
 the calamity as we would any calamity by
 •pirates. They were willing to give one thou
 sand or twelve hundred, tosatisfy the capidity
 of these inhuman flesh-dealers, and prevent a
 separation of the girl from those whom she
 Joved above all others on earth; but they
 -were not disposed to yield further to the
 imercenary demands of these monsters.
 With these instructions, I proceeded upon
 my mission. Anived at Alexandria, I went
 in search of the pen, and found it in the rear
 of the city, in a place dreary and deserted,
 •which seemed marked by the frowns of
 Omnipotence; a fit theatre for piratical opera
 tion; a suitable dwelling place for penitentia
 ry and gallows deserving ruffians.
 The main building is of brick; joined to
 -this are small wood buildings and the large
 pen, which contained some hundred colored
 people—or, in Southern parlance, “a drove,"
 ready for the Southern market. The keeper
 of the establishment —a whisky-bloated biped
 admitted me, and upon making known my
 ■business, I was informed that Bruin had
 gone to Alexandria.
 I then asked if Mr. Hill was in
 “No!” said the fellow, he has gone South,
 with a drove.”
 Upon my informing him that I came to
 purchase Emily, he told me that Mr. Bruin
 was waiting to hear from her mother, who
 Jie expectfcd would give SIBOO for her.
 I set his itlitfd at rest on that point, end de
 sired to see her, and was flatly refused.
 “I have strict oiders,” said he, “not to
 admit any one.”
 He then directed a smart-looking colored
 &gt;outh to go with me to the city and find
 Bruin.
 As I left the door, I caßt my eye through
 She grating,and beheld an indiscriminate mass
 of men, women, and children, whose counte
 nances betokened the deep emotions of the
 heart, all destined for the cotton and rice
 fields of the South. Families broken up—
 the strongest ties of humanity sundered—
 weeping and lamentation—broken-hearted
 and desolate, with no eye to pity, and no hand
 to save. God of the oppressed how long
 will thine arm be stayed!!
 On my way to the city, I inquired of my
 young sable companion about Emily.
 Said I, Do you see her often
 O yea, master, I secs her very often, and
 carries her; meals to her.
 Is site a smart gut
 0 yes sa, she’s right smart, and she’s right
 good lookin’’ too.
 Is she black 1
 No sa, she’s almost as white as any white
 girl.
 Does she want to go South 1
 No sa, she cries a heap about, and wants
 to live u:id her mother.
 Do you belong to Mr. Bruin
 Yes, sa, I belongs to him, and has got to
 go South ivid de res, I expect.
 Do you want to go?
 No, sa! none of us wants to go.
 At this answer, the words came to. my
 lips, Then ivhy in the name of all that is
 sacred to liberty, and dear to man's freedom,
 don't you and your companions in bondage
 tear doum the infernal pen, set it on fire, and
 run away by the light of it?” But to give
 utterance to such words would be treason in
 this quarter, though glorious advice all over
 the world to the white man held in durance
 vile.
We found Bruin, and I was received by
 him with a suavity of manner which would
 eclipse even Lord Chesterfield himself. His
 appearance wofully belies his profession. He
 is a middle-aged man, all smiles and polite
 ness, and very intelligent. But we all know
 that Satan can “transform himself into an
 angel of light,” and a “man may smile and
 •mile, and be a villain still.”
 I made known the object of my visit, and
 informed him that our New York friends had
 abandoned the idea of purchasing Emily at
 SIBOO.
 Said he, “I am glad of it, sir; I don’t want
 to send her north—l prefer that she should
 go South. I have a large lot that lam go
 ing to take, of the most respectable class.
 She is one of the best of the lot, besides, it
 ■will do us no good to let her go north.”
 After attempting a negotiation in every
 way that I could mustei, to no effect, I en
 deavored to appeal to bis sympathy.
 “Thete is her mother. She loves her
 daughter. Can you not take less, to pre
 vent their separation
 “No sir!” said he; “she can’t go north for
 a cent short of what I have named; but if some
 gentleman (he laid much stress on the word
 gentleman) here, wishes to purchase her lor
 himself, he can hav e her for FIFTEEN
 HUNDRED DOLLARS.”
 In other words. I was made to understand
 that the mother could have her daughter,
 whom God had given her, and who was en
 dowed with no ordinary qualities of person
 and mind, for EIGHTEEN HUNDRED
 DOLLARS, and “not a cent less:” but if
 some “gentleman here” wished to purchase
 her for himself—for puiposes too abhorrent to
 name—he could have her for FIF TEEN
 HUNDRED DOLLARS.
 Great heaven! to what a depth of infamy
 will not men descend! Setting a price upon
 female virtue, beauty and innecence, and for
 what! And these abominations, too, within
 sight of the American Capitol, and by virtue
 of American laws! Oh !if there is a sin
 more damning in its effects than the entire
 aggregate of others, it is the buying and
 selling of virtuous females for purposes of
 prostitution.
 To raise the SIBOO was impossible. I
 inew it, and told Bruin so; but it had no
 effect. He would have that, or he would
 sell her to “some gentleman” a number of
 whom had already applied for her.
 I saw before me a being in human form,
 but an incarnate devil at heart —a wretch
 abandoned of heaven and devoted to the al
 mighty dollar, upon whom no words of sym
 pathy, no considerations of humanity could
 have effect, and I left him fully conscious that
 the monster would one day meet with some
 ■awful doom.
 If there is a wretch upon earth commission
 ed by Satan to the performance of deeds from
 which the spirit of darkness would shrink
 with horror and dismay Bruin is one of them
 Emily is doomed —she is white and beau
 tiful, and hence her “market value.” She
 may withstand the assaults of the fell destroy
 er, but her mother, brothers, sisters, and
 friends she will probably never see (more.
 With her unfortunate companions she will be
taken down the river next week. You who
 enjoy the comforts of home, the blessings of
 the social circle, and the sweet smiles of
 your children, think of Emily and the thou
 sands who, like her, in this republican gov
 ernment, are bought and sold lor puiposea so
 abhorrent, so hell-deserving. \ours,
 E. L. S.
 Mass. Spy.
Yielding to the Slave Power.
If the mass of the People in the Free
 States do not yield in the present crisis of our
 political affairs to all the demands of the Slave
 power, it will not be because their party lead
 ers do not do all in their power) to accomplish
 such a result. On Friday Evening of last
 week, the great Democratic meeting, at Phil
 adelphia, in favor of the extension of slavery,
 was presided over by Hon. Chas. Brown, and
 addressed by John Cadwallader, Col. Page,
 Robert Tyler, Vincent L. Bradford, B. S.
 Brewster, and Daniel Dougherty. Among
 adopted were the following,
 S which certainly take the shine off of all the
 Igrovelling, cringing, begging testimonials
 j that have yet been given, ot the willingness
 !of a party to be the menials and slaves, ol
 their Southern Masters. t. d.
Resolved, That the Constitution of the
 United Slates, vests in Congress no power to
 make laws for the people of the Territories
 acquired by or annexed to the Union, but only
 to dispose of and make needful rules and re
 gulations respecting territory or other property
 belonging to the United States.
 Resolved, That the principle of the Wil
 mot Proviso is not a harmless political specu
 lation or abstraction, excused if erroneous, by
its alleged philanthropic intent, but is the same
 ancient, aristocratic, pernicious and pestilent
 political heresy, (ever repudiated and denoun
 ced by the Democratic party of the Union,)
 which seeks, by means of an implication ot
 power of Congress, gradually to undermine
 State sovereignty, destroy legislation in the
 respective States, consolidate the Union, and
 establish on the ruins of Stale Rights a cen
 tral sovereignty, easily contiolled or managed
 by the few at the expense of the many.
 Resolved, That it is contrary to the spirit
in which the Constitution of the Union was
 framed, and by which, alone it can be perpet
 uated, to abolish, by act of Congress, the in
 stitution of Slavery in the District of Colum
 bia, without the consent of the people thereof,
 and the consent of the Slates which ceded the
 District for the use of the Government of the
 United Ssates.
 Resolved, That we cal) upon our State
 Legislature to repeal all laws conflicting with
 that section of the Constitution of the United
 States in regard to the restitution of runaway
 slaves, so that the fundamental obligation
 binding upon every citizen of the Union, and
 the law T of Congress passed to carry it into ef
 fect, may no longer be set at defiance, and the
 rights of our Southern brethren trampled un
 der foot.
Resolved, That we rejoice at the votes in
 the National House of Representatives, laying
 the Wilmot Proviso upon the table, as an ap
 propriate disposition of a measure which did so
 much to procrastinate the War with Mexico,
 and to embarrass the late illustrious Adminis
 tration: and which events have sufficiently
 proved to be without any practical importance,
 except for purposes of irritation and insult;
 and we rejoice also that Messrs. Gilmore,
 Mann, Robbins, McLanahan, Ross and Dim
 mick, six ot the eight Democrats from this
 State in Congress, voted to extinguish the
 firebrand wihch has been productive of so
 much disaster and dissention.
 In commenting upon these resolutions the
 N. Y. Tribune very pithily exclaims:
 —There; we defy Gen, Cass to drum up a
 meeting in Michigan that will put the face of
 the North down so deep in the gravel as
 that! You may just as well stand quietly
 back, General, and let Old Buck take the
 next flogging.— Ch. Citizen,
Important Compromise in Embryo.—
 Details, &lt;fcc.
Washington, Feb. 24.
 Within a few days past several distin
 guished of the Senate, representing
 different sectional interests, have conferred
 together fot the purpose of contriving a mode
 of settlement on the basis of the resolutions
 annexing Texas, which, it will be remember
 ed, contemplated the admission of four States
 south of the parallel of 36deg 30m. The
 plan is not entirely matured—such features
 of it as have been roughly moulded have
 been submitted to Mr. Webster and other
 gentlemen from the free States, for their calm
 consideration, and with a view of eliciting
 such objections, if any exist, as mav lead to
 the organization of a basis of compromise or
 adjustment.
 After a ptemable reciting the necessity for
 harmony and union among the States, it pro
 poses to instruct the Committee on Territo
 ries to inquire into the expediency, with the
 consent of.lhe Legislature of Texas, to pro
 vide for three States within the limits of the
 said State of Texas, as follows:
 The first Slate to extend from the present
 eastern boundary west to the Trinity River,
 and north fiom the mouth of that river up its
 course to the northern line of Cook county,
 and along that line to the Red River.
 The second State to extend from the west
 line ot the first State, or eastern Texas, to
 the Colorado, taking as its western boundary
 the course of that river, from its mouth to
 the Red Fork branch of the same, until it
 reaches the 10th degree of West longitude to
 the 34th degree of North latitude.
 The third State to be formed out of that
 poition of the territory of Texas lying west
 of the Colorado to the Rio Grande, and ta
 king the course of that river to the 34th deg.
 of north latitude. This territory to remain
 under the jurisdiction and to constitute a part
 of the State of Western Texas, until she
 has a sufficient population for admission into
 the Union.
Instructions to the same Committee to in
 quire into the expediency of purchasing all
 the rest and residue of this territory of Texas
 at a cost not exceeding millions of dollars,
 extendingjfrom the 34ih to the 42d degree
 of north latitude, along the line established
 as the. boundary between the United States
 and Mexico, that the same or part of the
 same, may be added to New-Mexico to form
 a State of suitable size and with propel
 boundaries, which may hereafter be admitted
 into the Union.
Instructions to the same Commitlee to in
 quire into the expediency of providing by
 law, when the people of Texas shall have
 given their consent to the aforesaid divisions
 of the territory (subject to such modifications
 of boundary as they may require,) for the im
 mediate admission of the two hew States ol
 Eastern and Western Texas, and for the fur
 ther admission of the third new State in
 South-western Texas, when that territory
 shall have acquired sufficient population to
 entitle it to apply for admission.
 Instructions to the same Committee to in
 quire into the expediency of regulating by
 law the form and mode by which the inhabi
 tants of a Territory shall in all cases hereaftei
 app(y in strict conformity with the provision.-
 ol the Constitution of the United Stales, for
 admission into the Union.
 Instructions to the same Committee to in
 quire into the expediency of incoiporating in
 any bill that may be teported for the
 foregoing objects, a declaratory clause, that
 after Congress shall have given its consent to
 the inhabitants of a territoiy to form'a Con
 stitution preparatory to their admission, ii
 •shall be alone'within the competency of the
 nhabitants of said territoiy to establish and
 orm such domestic institutions as may, in
 heir opinion, be best fitted to their social con
 dition.
Instructsons to the same Committee to
 inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
 Corporations of George-town and Washing
 ton to regulate the sale of slaves in the dis
 trict of Columbia.
The project further contemplates the ad
 mission of California, with its present boun-
daries and Constitution, and the establish
 ment of Territorial Government over the re
 maining portion of the territory yjng eas o
 that State, withont any restriction as to Sla
 very _ Cor. Phil. North American.
the north star.
ROCHESTER, MARCH 8, 1850
Thf. North Star is sometimes sent to friends
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscript.' oll and
 donations for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 N. Y.
anted —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
Notice.
An Anti-Slavery Convention composed of
 all persons, and parties, favoring the Anti-
 Slavery cause, will be holden in West Bloom
 field, on Tuesday and Wednesday, March
 19th and 20th.
F. Douglass. S, D. Porter. Esq. G. W.
 Clark, of Rochester, M. W. Gibbs, and C.
 L. REMOND,are expected to be present.
 Let the present crisis in the affairs of our
 country, produced by Slavery, bring thou
 sands together, whose expression shall be
 heard and regarded throughout the Slave-hold
 ing dominion. Homes and hearts will be
 open to all who attend from a distance.
Notice —We are requested to say that th e
 meetings appointed in our last, for Messrs
 Remond Gibbs at Jamestown and Busti,
 will be postponed for two weeks in conse
 quence of important engagements in another
 direction.
Rochester, March 6th, 1850
Wxarehnppy to announce to our subscri
 bers in Illinois that our esteemed friend Ilenty
 O. Wagoner, of Chicago, will act as agent
 for “the North Star” in that city.— F. D.
The Union.
If’we do not mistake the present appeal-1
 ances, it is the purpose of the Northern part-j
 ners to this bloody bond, to create and j
 excitement about the safety of the Union.!
 Whether intended or not, the tendency of
 their course is to produce in the public mind;
 a spirit of violent persecution against all who
 say aught against the Constitution, or who
 utter a syllable of condemnation upon the
 vile system of slavery.
 Meetings have been recently held in New
 York, Philadelphia, and elsewhere, the na- j
 tural tendency of whose proceedings is to!
 arouse and to inflame the most malignant pas- j
 sions of the populace, and to beget a blind j
 and bagaless enthusiasm in favor of the ex
 isting slaveholding Uniptj. fn character with I
 the proceedings of these meetings, are the
 tone and bearing of the Northern press.
 Journals of all descriptions—Whig and Dem
 i ocritic, religious and political—teem, from
 week to week, with appeals ir? favor pf the
 Union, and with high-wrought eulogies on
 'he Constitution. Angry invectives and n?
 vengeful threats, towards all who have (lie
 manliness to ayow sentiments hostile to this
 idol, are seen along the columns of rpany of
 our influential newspapers while the lowest
 grades of the press are openly and directly
 attempting, under the vile pietence that the
 Union is in danger, to raise a storm of mur
 derous violence, and to afford a pretext to
 mobocrats, for the commission of cruel and
 wanton outrages upon the few who shall dare
 to cali in question our unhallowed national
 compact. In this view of passing events, it
 becomes the men and women of our land,
 whose high motto is, No Union with
 Slaveholders,” and who mean to stand
 firmly by the cause of Liberty at every haz
 ard, to examine well the foundation of their
 faith, and to be prepared for any danger or
 hardship which they may be called to meet,
 in the free utterance of their conscientious
convictions of duty.
 The iniquitous and mischievous character
 and tendency of this Union, and the duty
 and necessity of its dissolution, were never
 more solemnly impressed upon our mind than
 at the present moment. Scarcoly a speech
 from Congress, or an editorial from the press,
 but comes laden with instruction on this point.
 In the name, and at the demand of the Union,
 the North is urgently required to sacrifice
 freedom of speech, the liberty of the press,
 the right of assembling and the right of peti
 tion. We are called upon, in the name of
 this unholy confederacy, to be deaf to the
 voice of human woe; to extinguish, in our
 hearts, the holiest sympathies of our nature
 to abandon the very basis of all morality to
 repudiate the religion of Jesus Christ, which
 is full of mercy and good fruits virtually to
 deny God, and to fall down before the Con
 stitution, as the highest object of veneration
 and regard. In its name, we must be ready
 to extend the foul cyatQm of slavery over a
 soil of almost incalculable dimensions to
 hunt down our fellow men, in the Northern
 States, like beasts of prey and in the event
 of a struggle for freedom on the part of the
 slaves, against their God-defyjng oppressors,
 Northern men are required to shoulder arpis,
 to march to the scene of conflict, and to pout
 the deadly contents of their weapons, not
 into the breast of the infernal oppressor, but
 into the bosom of the rebellious slave. IntQ
 such an Union, we say, in the name of the
 living God, we can never enter. Perish the
 Bond! It should be ground to powder, and
 the whirlwinds of offended Heaven should
 sweep away its dust forever. Yes we say,
 the Union ought to be dissolved. How dare
 any citizen of the State of New \ork, sol
 emnly bind himself to shoot down ot hunt
 down his fellow man? No man needs to be
 told that such a pledge is wrong. It is self
 evideEitly so and it only needs to be honest
 ly a Hurried, to deepen conviction in the heart
 of every honest man. We shall go on,
 therefore, to oppose this wrong—to preach
 hostility towards this guilty compact, trusting
 to the righteousness of our capse, and rely
 ing, for support and protection, upon the fa
 vor of Heaven, in every trial and hardship
 that may await us.— f. d,
The Black Laws Repealed. —Ohio has
 repealed her black laws, and colored children
 are now entitled to their full share of the
 State school funds. Colored schools are to
 be established by law.
Weekly Review oi Congress.
w e are unable to announce any signs of j
 hor &gt;e or of progress, from the proceedings of
 Cf ingress, since our last issue. 1 here have
 b'jen no rallyings in behalf of Liberty, in
 e ither branch of the Legislature. Speech
 making has been the order ot the day and
 in this department, the South seems to have
 everything its own way. W hat Northern
 representatives will do, when the time for
 words has passed, and the time for action
 comps, it may be unwise to predict though
 we must say, that the past history of the
 men, as well as the present complexion of
 political events, leaves us little ground to
 hope for a bold stand on their pait against
 the slave-power. The little resolution dis
 played at the commencement of the session,
 is now sicklied o’er by the pale cast of
 thought.” Treachery to theJWilmot Proviso,
 and to Free Soil principles, has shown itself
 unmistakably throughout the Whig ranks
 and the spirit, of compromise is rapidly doing
 its work upon the Northern press and people.
 Judging from these indications, we seem to
 be shut up to the sad conclusion that, in the
 present conflict, as in former ones where
 Liberty and Slavery have been arrayed
 against each other m» Congress, the slave
 power will. k* victorious, and the North l
 humbled &amp;nd-defeated.
 But to the proceedings
 On the 30th-of Februaty, in Committee of
 the whole House on the state of the Union,
 Mr, W. V. N. Bay, of Missouri, made a
 long speech, mainly &lt;;n the subject of slavery.
 He denied that the South was responsible for
 the agitation affirmed that the North had
 maJe war on southern institutions spoke of
 slavery as a purely domestic institution
 said that it existed prior to fhe adoption of
 the Constitution contended that slaves were
 property, and subject fo the laws which gov
 ern and control property referred to the or
 dinance of 1787, and especially to that part
 relating to fugitive slaves. He then pro
 ceeded to read the North a lecture on its
failure io comply with the 2d section of the
 4th article of the Constitution. He admitted
that the article in question had been held,
 sometimes, to refer to apprentices, or to per
 sons bound to labor for a limited period but
 he read a portion of the decision of the Su
 preme Court, delivered by Judge Story, in
 the case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania and he
 held the interpretation tlrere given to be the
 only one which the clause can properly re
 ceive. He paraded this decision before the
 House, tyith the horrid law of 1793, both of
 which, he contended, had been grossly viol
 ated by the North.
 After a long display of griefs and regrets
 at the alleged perfidy of the North, he ad
 dressed himself to the Territorial question.
 His objection to the Wilmot Proviso, was,
 that it proposed to legislate for a people who
 are competent to legislate for themselves.
 We have referred to this speech, and pre
 sented some of its leading features, not be
 cause Of its intrinsic vajue, but simply, to
 allow all to be heard.
 In the House, on the 21st, Mr. W. H.
Bissell, of Illinois, administered a most blis
 tering rebuke .to the hot-heads of the South,
 who were to -bully the North into
 an abandonment of the Wilmot Proviso,
 by threats of disunion. He quoted largely
 from the speeches of Brown, Clingman and
 Inge and laid bare their falsehood, violence,
 and disunion designs. Mr. Bissell is not an
 Abolitionist, and scarcely a Free Soil man
 but we cannot but thank him for the keen
 and powerful manner in which he has dis
 posed of Southern braggadpcia and Southern
 grievances. Boll], however, as he is, he
 could not, we are sorry to say, allow the op
 portunity to pass, while making this other
 wise creditable speech, without consoling the
 slaveholders by speaking of the Garrisons,
 Tappans, and Smiths,” in the same category
 with the Southern advocates of Pisunion
 and by assuring the human flesh-mongeis,
 that the North will stand by the South. I
 assure you, Sir,” said he, that wc, the re
 presentatives of the North, icill aid. you to pre
 serve your Constitutional rights, as we have
 ever done.” This, of course, means that the
 Wilmot Proviso will not be insisted on that
 slavery, in the District of Columbia, and in
 the navy yards, will not be abolished and
 that the horrid traffic in human souls will be
 continued, undisturbed by the action of Nor
 thern representatives. This pledge, coming
 from Mr. Bissell, at such a lime, shows that
 even a man with sufficient courage to fight a
 duel, may lack the necessary moral courage
 to declare, in lhe face of slaveholders a right
 eous course of action and further proves
 that even a duellist may be a doughface.
 The speech of Mr. T. Stevens, which will
 be found on the first page of this week’s
 paper, has most thoroughly stirred up the
 wrath of Mr. Millson, of Virginia. The
 unenviable pictuie drawn by the former, of
 the character and condition of the Old Do
 minion, caused the chivalrous blood of the
 latter to boil with rage. We give a speci
 men of iliis gentleman's tsAquisiie taste,
 refined setittbftHy, and manly indignation, in
 the following
“I endeavored, Mr. Chairman, to get Jhe
 floor immediately upon the close of the re
 marks submitted by one of the Representa
 tives from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] 1
 wished to give instant expression to the irri
 tation occasioned by the gross and offensive
 allusions to the State from which I come.
 That irritation, however, was ljut momentary
 and has since subsided into a quiet feciing
 of loathing and indignation —a leeling more
 fitting the accusation and the accuser. In
 speaking of the slave population of my State
 and of the employment of her citizens, that
 member had the boldness to de.clare, that
 Virginia was now so degraded, that but
 I will not, I cannot repeat the gross lan
 guage uttered by him. I could pof do so
 without violating the decorum of this body
 without outraging those proprieties which
 should, at all tmes, be respected and obser
 ved—without shocking the delicacy of that
 portion of our auditors, who attend our delib
 erations, in ihe confidence that they will hear
 nothing to offend their modesty or wound
 their sensibility.”
 If the truth were known, this same Mill
 son, whose delicate sensibility has been so
 terribly shocked by the bare mention of the
 occupation, is himself, like many other hon
 orable gentlemen of his State, in vulgar par
 lance, a slave-breeder; and perhaps the
 money in his purse is the price of some girl
 sold from her mother for no other cause than
 to replenish that purse. Such abominable
 hypocrisy and affectation as he evinces in the
 above remarks, mav be met with in all the
 circles of the South. Henry Clay treated us
to a dish of the same sort, in his late speech,
 when he inveighed against the slave-trade in
 the District of Columbia, and would, at the j
 same time, have the horrible system of sla
 very perpetuated in that District. Ihe at
 tempt to disguise the gross and foul enormi-j
 ties of slavery, with the gauze of a mockj
 refinement, is a trick which has been too often
 and too successfully played in this land bf
 shams. But we leave Mr. Millson in the
 hands of Mr. Stevens, who is abundantly
 able, and, judging from his speech, (which
 we hope no one will fail to read) is equally
 willing to do the chivalrous Virginig#*? every
 possible justice. f A
 On the 25th February, Mr. Giddings, of
 Ohio, with his characteristic promptitude and
 bo’dness, presented a petition various
 individuals in Pennsylvania and Delaware,
 asking for a peaceful dissolution of the Union,
 and accompanying the preservation with the
 motion to refer them to a select Committee,
 with instructions to inquire, firstly, whether
 dissatisfaction with our Federal Union, exists
 among the people of these States 2d. If so,
 to what extent; and, 3d. From what has such
 dissatisfaction arisen As is usual in the
 case of such petitions, it created considerable
 stir among honorable members; and they
 rushed' upon it from all quarters,
 guish its light. Of course it was rejected;
 only 8 voting for, and 162 against it. Thus
 anpther stab has been given to the right of
 petition.
On Wednesday, 27th, Mr. Ashman, oi
 Massachusetts, o%«ftned leave to introduce
 his Bill for reducing the rate of postage, and
 for abolishing the franking privilege. The
 bill was read twice, and referred to the Com
 mittee on the Post-office and Post roads.
 That this bill may become a law. should be
 the desire of every man who wishes well to
 his country. We give here the first section
 of the bill, as containing the important fea
 tures of the whole
Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate
 and House of Representatives of the United
 States of America in Congress assembled,
 That from and after the first day of July next
 the rates of postage upon letters, when pre
 paid, fhal! be uniform; and all such letters,
 passing through the mail, shall be charged
 by weight as follows: Letters weighing not
 more than half an ounce, two cents; more
 than halt an ounce, and nut more than an
 ounce and a half, six cents; more than an
 ounce and a half, and not more than two
 ounces, eight cents; and four cents additional
 for every ounce of greater weight; all letters
 jsooyeyed by mail-steamers between Oregon
 or California, and ports of otner parts of the
 United States, five times the above rates; and
 on all letters which are not prepaid, the
 postage shall remain as now established by
 law.
Hr. Doty, on the same day, submitted k
 proposition to the Committee of the House,
 to admit California, \yith her present bound
 aries, into the Union, on an equal footing
 with the original States.
 The subject of slavery again became the
 theme; and the House was addressed by
 Mr. Toombs, Mr. Baker and Mr. McLane.
 The first and last are Southerners, and of the
 ultra Southern stamp. We copy here a por
 tion of the defense set up by Mr. McLane,
 for slavery in Maryland
“He lived in a border state that could do i
 very well without slavery, but which did not!
 for that reason say that slavery was a moral I
 wrong, a national disgrace. They did not
 think so. Sickly spirits migt.t so clothe j
 their philanthrophy; the people of his State
 thought it an institution which was a moral;
 necessity where it now existed: advantageous!
 jn soqie States, but necessary in all the
 States where it now had an existence. A
 single view of this question: he did not care
 one particle whether northern men on either
 side of the House gave him their acquiescence
 or not —it was a question which came nearer
 home to him than to them. We could not
 live in the midst of a large black population
 the law of slavery. Jt was a law
 as necessary to the discipline- of the free
 black man as of the slave—a law which the
 free States adopted, every one of them.
 They had every one of them got their slave
 ry; they had every one of them found it to
 be necessary to enact their laws establishing
 negro slavery. Cultivated men of the North
 did not deny it. Beyond the political dis
 tinction which they made against the blacks,
 there was the social municipal distinction.
 It was the social distinction of which he
 spoke. It was bondage, bondage in degree.
 It was necessary to them—he was not re
 proaching them for it. ,They could not live
 without it. It was thus limited in degree
 with them on account of their free sparse
 black population, and their overwhelming
 proportion of whites. Now, in Maryland
 the whites were not so overwhelming in
 numbers as in Pennsylvania and the other
 free States, and therefore they wanted a
 more complete system of bondage than the
 people of the free States—they wanted more
 than a prohibition against blacks and whites
 entering together into the sacred bonds of
 matrimony and the other like municipal re
 straints imposed upon the black population.
 They required the law of slavery. Did not
 every man know that in the revolutionary
 war the black slave messed with the white
 soldier, and no white soldier objected to it?
 This was the case upon the battle fields of
 North Carolina, m the gallant corps of
 South Carolina, in Greene’s army, in the
 corps of Washington at Yorktown—black
 slaves messed with the white soldiers, and
 the whites made no objection. Why? Be
 cause thpre was a consciousness of moral
 and legal superiority or the part of the white;
 but the slave, though inferior, was called
 there to defend his (the slave’s) fireside, his
 wife, his children, as the white men were
 defending theirs. And if there had been no
 law recognizing slavery—if the blacks had
 been free blacks, the white soldier would
 not have messed with them.
 Well! upon our humble word, if we cculd
 not pick out a dozen of these inferior colored
 men, of our own good city of Rochester, that
 would put this incoherent and weak-minded
 legislator to the blush, we would yield readily
 to the imputation of moral arid intellectual
 inferiority What bungling jargon what
 ridiculous nonsense! and yet, nonsensical
 and ridiculous as is is the foregoing, it is
 about as rational and as worthy of respect, as
 any defence which can be made for slavery.
 In the Senate, Clay’s compromise resolu
 tions have been the main topic. Mr. Foote,
 of Mississippi, renewed and insisted on his
 motion for the appointment ef a Committee of
 thirteen, with instructions for ihe purpose of
 maturing a scheme of compromise, for the
 adjustment of all pending questions, growing
 out of the subject of slavery. He accom
 panied his proposal with the declaration, that
 unless something of the kind he proposed
 was done speedily, it would be impossible to
 preserve the Union. A long debate ensued
 upon the proposition of Mr. Foote, in which
 Badger, Foote, Clemens, Dayton, Butler,
 Berrien, Walker, Davis of Mississippi, and
 others took part; and the Senate adjourned
 before the motion tor a Committee was
 voted on.
On ihe same day, (Feb. 27,) Mr. Chase,
 of Ohio, presented a resolution of the legis
 lature of Ohio, in favor of the acknowledg
 ment of the independence of Liberia which
 was referred to the Committee on Foreign
 i Relations, and ordered to be printed. Mr.
 Seward requested to present a memorial ol
 the citizens and residents of the valley of the
 Rio Grande, in which they represent that it
 is their desire that all the section east of the
 Rio Grande, and south of the line of New
 Mexico, distinct from the province of Texas,
 be erected into a new territory, to be called
 the Territory of the Rio Grande.” The
 petition was referred.
 Mr. Benton, pending the consideration' of
 Clay’s compromise, took occasion to deal an
 annihilating blow on the heads of the small
 babblers fiom the South, who have, from
 time to time, exerted themselves, in their
 little way, to establish the conviction that
 slavery has never been legally abolished in
 Mexico. This mischievous pretence, set
 afloat by the propaga' dists of slavery, we
 think will scarcely dare to make its appear
 ance again in the Senate. Mr. Benton has
 literally overwhelmed that body with evi
 dence, demonstrating that slavery ha 3 not
 only been legally, universally, and for ever
 i abolished hut that even when it existed, it
 was a system that whitened into purity, com
 pared to the foul abomination which now
 seeks admission into the new territories. Mr.
 Benton, as every one expected, denounced
 the Wilmot Proviso as useless, and look,
 essentially, the ground of Cass, Clay, Taylor
 and Co.—to wit, non-intervention.
 The great speech of the present week, is
 that of John C. Calhoun, of which yye have
 but a telegraphic account, and that, is but
 very meagie.—f. d.
New York, Feb. 23, 1850.
Dear Sir: The ladies of New York, anx
 ious for the Emancipation of their oppressed
 race, and being well assured that an organ
 through which to make known their grie
 vances and plead for their redress is necessa
 ry; feeling convinced that the “North Star”
 from the very able manner in which it is con
 ducted, and its wide circulation, is one of the
 most efficient instrunientalities for the accom
 plishment of that end, purpose emulating the
 noble example of their sisters in Philadelphia,
 by holding a Fair for the benefit of said pa
 per, during the anniversary week in May next,
 and have formed an Association for the fur
 therance of tfiat object.
 You would confer a favor on the ladies by
 making known their intentiop through the
 cpluiqns o( yoqr valuable paper, by soliciting
 for them the aid of all who are friendly to
 their object, and by receiving for, and for
 warding to them all contributions which may
 be obtained from your section of country.
 Very respectfully yours,
 FANNY TOMPKINS, Sec'y
Remarks. We have readily and gratefully
 given place in our columns, to the above an
 nouncement. The intended effort to sustain
 the North is evidence of an interest
 in the cause of the slave, w hich we heartily
 appreciate; and is worthy of the enlightened
 ladies who propose to make it. We are
 happy to learn, that the pioposition is taken
 up with much earnestness, and that a large
 Committee, consisting of twenty-five ladies,
 has already been organised. Mrs. Emmeline
 Bastien has been appointed First Directress
 Miss Fanny Tompkins, (a lady well fitted for
 the office,) appointed Secretary Mrs. J. M.
 Forten, Treasurer. We also see among the
 Committee, the names of Mrs. E. Benian,
 Mrs. S. Downing, and Mrs. Rosetta Cowes.
 Committees have also been appointed to pur
 chase goods, select rooms, and solicit dona
 tions in aid of the Fair. Judging from these
 preparations, the ladies are resolved to do
 something which shall be worthy of the in
 telligence, activity and generosity of New
 York.
A Box has already been received from
 England, containing many valuable articles,
 which will be displayed for sale at the con
 templated Fair. We are authorised to ob
 serve, in connection with this announcement,
 that the contemplated Fair, like the paper
 w hich it designs to support, will be conducted
 on the broad principle of a common humani
 ty. It is to be open to the co-operation of all
 without distinction of cdlor. We make this
 declaration, with a view to remove all ground
 for alleging that this is to be a colored Fair,
 as some were wont to that held in
 Philadelphia, during Christmas week. We
 see no earthly reason why a Fair, conducted
 mainly by colored ladies, but which is open
 to the co-operation of all, should be termed a
 colored Fair.” It seems that we are never
 to lead in anything, however good it be, and
 however general its character, without at
 taching to that good the odium which a bitter
 and relentless prejudice has attached to our
 effior. Abolitionists, at any rate, should
 judge differently, and determine the worthi
 ness of our actions by the motives and objects
 in view, rather than by the complexion we
 bear. There Uno more reason for calling a
 Fair, conducted mainly by colored ladies, a
 colored Fair,” than for calling a Fair, con
 ducted by white ladies, a white Fair.”
Contributions for this Fair, will be grate
 fully ieceived by F. Douglass, at the North
 Star office, Rochester, N. Y. f. p.
Our friends Ward and Thomas are taxing
 their ingenuity to ascertain who is a genuine
 abolitionist. Friend Thomas, (with more
 liberality than W T ard,) admits that W. L.
 Garr isonand F. Douglass are genuine aboli
 tionists. We cannot say that we think the
 controversy, on this point, between these two
 expert Editors, is of very great consequence.
 In the Anti-Slavery field, (as in other
 fields of labor,) the genuine workman will
 be known by his fruits; and we think that the
 labors of Wm. L- Garrison, if measured by
 their results, will be found to be not inferior
 to the labors of S. R. Ward.— f. d.
Liberated Slaves. —Fourteen slaves, lib
 erated by Dr. John Casson, of Mississippi,
 were brought to this city two or three days
 ago, by their late master, to have their free
 dom papers made out. J. Jolliff, Esq., who
 takes great pleasure in acting as master of
 ceremonies on occasions of this kind, untied
 the knot of Slavery, and bade the bond go
 fiee. We understand that Dr. Casson, who
 came to this city with his people to see that
 everything should be properly done, intends
 to superintend their settlement himself some
 where in Ohio. Cin, Gaz
Speech of James R. Whiting, at the great
 Clay Demonstration in New Y r ork.
The next speaker was James R. Whiting, a
 member of the bar of our citv, and at one
 time District Attorney. There was much
 noise when he got up, and it was some time
 before he could get a heating. Fellow Citi
 zens, said he, it is no ordinary occasion—
 [Order! Whiting! Louder! Scott! Scott!
 Go on Hiss Older We meet not as par
 tizans. not as Democrats, not as Whigs, not
 as Abolitionists, not as Fanatics—out as
 Unionists. We are called to meet upon one
 broad platform, upon which all the various
 parties of the country except Abolitionists, can
 meet and join hands and heart for the Union.
 We meet for the Union, aye, and will die un
 der the Union! A great black cloud hangs over
 our Southern atmosphere, and its threatning
 aspect denotes wide-spread ruin. It is carry
 ing across the water the lamentable news that
 this country of liberty, of equality, of Union,
 is about to be dissevered and plunged into fra
 tricidal strife and for whai? For somewhat
 of injury done to the South. 1 stand here to
 speak the word. The North has failed to do
 her duty to the South. She has failed to ful
 fil the provisions ol the Constitution. We
 have not done justice to the South. I stand
 here to ask even-handed justice, and if it be
 done, the South will sit down with us under
 our vine and fig tree, and through all time
 worship the same idol of Liberty, We have
 violated the Constitution and injured the South
 by not returning their runaway slaves, when
 they sought them among us. [Cries of no
 no Cheers.] Fanaticism and Abolitionism
 are but other names for burglary, robbery,
 fraud and larceny It was a compromise on
 the question of slavery tfiat brought the Fed
 ral Onion together, and by that comptomise—
 that Constitution —we are hound by our oaths,
 by our fealty to our country, to render up their
 fugitive property. I ask the question, have
 we done so? [No! We nevet ought!] We
 have not.
(Mr. W. then mentioned seveial cases that
 had opeured in this city of suits to recover
 chatties, in which the South, he contended,
 had been wronged. He soundly rated the
 Judge who would not permit the laws of
 Maryland 10 appear in CouTt as the basis of a
 slave claim.) I will gq as far as any one to
 free a man frpm his bonds; but I will not go
 so far as to break through the Constitution—
 I will yield up the negroes. It is our duty to
 yield them up, when they have run away
 from their owners. I have, professionally,
 defended several such cases, apd have found
 ail these men—men from Maryland, Virginia,
 Georgia—reasonable and disposed tu be just.
 I defended one big negro, who stood 6 feet in
 his stockings. He was claimed by a man
 iiQin North Carolina, named Wilson; but it
 mined out that the claimant was his own fath
 er—that the negro was his child by one of his
 t'emaie slaves—the Jury returned a verdict in
 favor of the negro. Did North Carolina com
 plain? No. Anti shp never will complain, if
 strict justice be done. I tell you, our fanatics,
 our Abolitionists, are the worst men I ever
 saw. When Mr. Lee of Maryland—as hon
 orable, fiigh-miuded, chivalrous a gentleman
 qs I ever met—came here to claim a runaway
 slave, a body-servant, and one in whom he bad
 placed great confidence —one who. had always
 fated better ihan tfie free negro here —he
 (Mr. L found shameful treatment,
 He found that the slave had been persuaded
 |to run away by some free negroes; that he
 never desired to leave his master, but the ne
 groes and abolitionists would not allow him tu
 go back. I made arrangements then to sell
 the negro for one third of his value, and could
 have done sc, and he might easily have earned
 his freedom, hatj these fanatics and abolition
 ists let him alone. Oh, ihese smooth, Qua
 ker rascals, these fanatic villains, these scound
 rel abolitionists, whose hypocrisy ought to
 double-damn them; it is they who induce a
 Judge to reverse his decisions and rob a man;
 it is they who have got us to the very brink of
 disunion. [Great confusion.] When we do
 justics to the South, there will be no cause for
 complaint; there will be no complaint. [The
 noise was now so great that we could not
 catch Mr. W’s remarks for some time.] The
 South are as deeply interested in preserving
 ihe Constitution intact as we are. They say
 to the North, do us justice—simple justice.—
 Let us begin, then, to do our duty, and the
 cause of strife will be at an end. The Union
must not, cannot be dissolved. Nearly all
 those before me have been nursed under the
 Union. Protect the Union, then; and let it
 stand, the glorious beacon to which all the
 hopes of humanity in the Old World are anx
 iously looking. Let it never be said that the
 brilliant stars grew dim, and one by one, drop
 ped from their sphere—that those stripes were
 tarnished by internal strife—that this great
 Union is shivered and scattered abroad. Let
 us say to the South, We will do you justice
 —our judiciary shall do you justice. Let us
 say and do this, and the Union shall not be
 dissolved.—The South shall be bound up with
 the North in the .hopes of those who are to
 come after us—who are to live in peace and
 prosperity under our Union. Let us pledge
 our lives, our fortunes and our sacred hot«
 or” that not a star shall be obliterated, not a
 stripe erased from the glorious flag that now
 floats over our Union.
This speeeh speaks for itself, and shows
 the low vulgar material which rally around
 the standard of Clay and this slave-holding
 Union. We might fill our columns, from
 week to week, with just such vile blackguard
 ism, and with just such appeals to the selfish,
inhuman, and brutal passion of the mob. It
 is men of the class of this Whiting, that con
 trol the action of Church and State at the
 North; and make the liberty of the colored
 man, in the country, but an empty name.—
 The poor disappointed bloodhound, would,
 no doubt, seize any free man of color and sell
 him into bondage, if he could do so and escape
 punishment.— f. d.
Elihu Burritt. —The Lecture of this
 gentleman, before the Rochester Athenseum,
 was attended by a large and highly respecta
 ble audience, and was listened to with pro
 found attention.
The glorious aim of the Lecturer’s life,
 (which is no less than the establishment of
 ‘‘Peace on earth and good will to man,”)
 shone conspicuously throughout his noble
 address, and we doubt not that many return
 ed to their homes with fewet prejudices, less
 pride, and clearer apprehensions of the worth
 and beauty of the doctrines of Peace and
 Human Brotherhood.— f. d.
However Bounded.”— Mr. R. C. Win
 throp can never lose the distinction of having
 originated, in Faueuil flail, the however
 bounded” sentiment; but Mr. H. B. Stan
 ton, State Senator from Seneca County, hav
 ing, to start with, something the advantage
 of past Anti-Slavery position, is not far behind
 the ex-Speaker in proving his title to a large
 share of such honor as may be due the pat
 riotic” thought. He has met with better suc
 cess than usually falls to the lot of imitator?,
 as witness the following toast given by him at
 a public dinner at Troy on the 22d instant.
 Wilmot Proviso, or no Wilmot Pro
 viso—Slavery Prohibition, or Slavery
 Extension—l go for the Union, the whole
 Union, and nothing but the Union.”—
 Anti-Slav try Standard.
Heath of the eldest Inhabitant.—
 The Athens (Ga.) Banner announces the
 death of Mr. Daniel Hale, of Franklin coun
 ty, who died bn the 2nd of July last in the
 one hundred and nineteenth year of his age',
 leaving on the premises where he resided at
 the time of his death a son seventy-six years
 of age, a grand-daughter forty-four years of
 age, and a great grand-daughter twenty-tWQ
 years ol&lt;j.
"
