"ttni&amp;n justification to you for dissolving the
 1 remember, also, that there was another
 amiaUftry press in rigorous and very effec
 ure operation for come time in Kentucky—
 Mr. Browm. We destroyed it.
 Mr. Bisscll. So you did, by violence.
 But, by your own laws, and the decision of
 your own courts, you were punished for it.
 You were competed to make compensation
 in damages for your lawless act. Now, I
 ask our Southern fnends, in all good feeling,
 if they can justily urge as a reason for dissol
 ving the Union, annoyances consequent upon
 a state of things in the free States which
 tbev cannot prevent at their own doors?
 We are met by the gentleman from North
 Carolina with another difficulty, fox which he
 holds the North responsible. He suggests
 that the increasing anti-slavery sentiment in
 the North will prevent the President from ap
 pointing slaveholders to office. For the
 present, let a single fact allay the gentleman’*
 fears. The Presidency has been given to the:
 slaveholding States during fmiv-eighi of the
 last sixty years. And this, too. though the
 white populat on of the slaveholding States;
 has rarely, it at any time, exceeded one-half
 that of the free States. Of the foreign mis
 sions of all grades, mote than a majority
 have been given to the South. Of tlte Cabi
 net appointments, very nearly, if not quite
 half, have been given to the South. Of the
 officers in the army and navy, it will lie found
 that, considering the relative population of
 the free and slaveholding States, at least
 three out of fire have been given to the 9 outh
 How is it at this very moment, sir, while
 these very complaints of outrage, in suits,
 tyranny, and loss of office, are being otade
 Why, air, the President—a majority *&gt;f the
 Cabinet—a majority of our foreign ministers
 —a majority of the members of the Supreme
 Court, and the presiding officer and clerk of
 this House—are Southern men and slave
 holders. Does not this satisfy the geiitleman
 from North Carolina 1 Surely he might, on
 this subject, rest quite easy. Another diffi
 culty gravely set forth in this gentleman’*
 speech, 1 ought, perhaps, to notice with be
 coming seriousness. 1 allude to the refusal
 of the New England spinster to take the
 Southern gentleman’s atm! That was
 wrong, unquestionably. But then, these
 Yankee girls are very independent, and will
 do just as they please—as some of us have
 learned from very painful personal experience.
 But I do not think that a dissolution of the
 Union need to follow as a necessary conse
 quence It is a proper subject for negotia
 tion. And as the lady cannot fail to perceive
 by this time that she is in danger of becom
 ing a second Helen, she will doubtless he
 more yielding.
Fro.n the Christian Enquirer.
 Fugitive Slaves.
 If we read conectly, one of the “Compro
 mise resolutions” of Mr. Clay calls upon the
 North to consent to measures for the certain
 restitution of runaway slaves. We doubt—
 as we hope—that the North will yield no
 such consent. It is, pethapa, to be feared
 that the “spirit of trade” and the habits of
 party —to use vague phrases that speak very
 intelligible forces—although they, operating
 unconsciously to those whom they direct,
 may prevent, as these and other causes pre
 vented at the time of the admission of Mis
 souri, the determined resistance to slavery
 extension—the resolute saying to that pe
 culiar institution,“you shall not go onehair's
 breadth farther.” But we more than ques
 tion whether any Not them earthly policy, or
 any party allegiance, will be able to grasp
 and deliver the living, breathing chattel,
 whose locomotive powers have brought h'tn
 to the soil and company of freemen. A slave
 here, is very apt to look so like a human bat
 ing, that our citizens would be slow to come
 under any new obligation to return him, as
 a thing, whence he came; indeed, even now,
 they are not —let the iniquity be confessed!
 —over anxious, lest by winking they should
 not see the deserter from the house of bond
 age; and to ask them to be more sharp-Bighted
 as constables and slave-hunters for the South,
 would be breath wasted. At ihisend of the
 Union, there is a sort of common sense
 which sharply distinguishes between fugitive
 slaves and fugitive criminals; so sharply, in
 deed. that Box Brown and his follow self-
 emancipators are rather tespected for their
 heroic and enduting love of liberty, than
 searched for as ungrateful creatures, feloni
 ously endeavoring to “own themselves.”
 This is said with none other than the kindest
 and most Christian feelings towards the
 South. For though such a sentiment may
 be received with contempt in some quarters,
 we deem the States cursed by slavery as en
 during a heavy burthen, not of their own as-1
 sumption, which forbid* any use of taunts or
 threats or vituperative phrases. Half of our j
 anti-slavery feeling, at least, comes fiomsyin- 1
 pathy with the master, and none of that
 sympathy is less sincere and dead because, as
 yet, they spurn it and refuse to admit there
 is any occasion for it. But we refer to this
 matter of fugitive slaves, because it is best
 that the matter should be fairly understood.
 Congress, driven to it, may possibly pass
 more stiingent laws for the restoiation of
 runaway property; (did anybody ever under
 take to write a sentence about slavery with
 out seeing, in the confusions it makes with
 his pronouns and the contradictious it re
 quires in his rhetoric, thst it must be s false
 institution, since he cannot use good grammar
 ami good English in speaking of it?) but men
 cannot he found at the North to execute them.
 The day has gone by, when an esc«j&gt;ed slave
 can be apprehended and sent back, from the
 free Eastern States, by the agency of free
 Eastern people. If that day has not gone
 by then we would rather live at the South,
 generous, hospitable, and in many respects
 manly, notwithstanding its one dark, evil
 thing, than call ourselves Northern Men.
 A Seen* ml St. Louis—Bla?e Auction.
 We find in the St. Louis’ People’s Organ
 of the 91st ult., (says the Advent Harbinger)
 the following account of a sale of “human
 cattle” in that city. It is rather “fanatical,”
 perhaps, for a paper published in a Slave
 Slate, and in the very city from which Elijah
 P. Lovejuy was driven forth but a few years
 ago, (and finally murdered at Alton,) for ut
 tering the truth io language infinitely less of
 fensive to the “ears polite” of human fiesh
 dealers. But this is only one of the hopeful
 “signs of th times.”
 “Commercial.—The steps of the Court
 House were crowded yesterday rooming to
 witness the sale «f a fine looking drove of
 human beings. The crittets, after having
 their mouths examined like horses, and their
 limbs pulled about, to test .their soundness,
 were put up to be knocked down by the ham
 mer. Competition was very brisk, and the
 let realized good pi ice*. A girl, Caroline,
 attracted our attention and interest, from the
 anxiety she displayed during the bidding for
 her fiesh and blood, hone and sinews. As
 the price rose to $4OO, a hopeful meaning
 •mile gradually spread over her dusky, good
 natural face, (the last lot, a boy, had only
 brought some $455 or to.) The bidding
 confined to two petsons, rose to $530. She
 became restless, continually glancing from
 one to the other of her would-be purchaser*
 —her predilections for one bad evidently been
 formed—“s47o, say the five,” called the
 auctioneer; a pause ensued, of suspense to
 her; the one she hoped to serve, hesitated.
 “Going at $480; going,—who’ll aay the
 $500?” He still hesitated; the hopeful look
 had gone from her features, and was repla
 ced by something akin to a feverish dread—
 still she looked in his face, wishing she might
 dare to urge him oa. Ha nodded, “$5OO lor
 this fine likely girl; fifteen yeais old; a guar
 antee given.” $5OO and going. A nod
 from his opponent brought bar up to $606.
 From this moment she seemed to have east
 aside all hope; it qraa a matter of perfect in
 difference to her, which might buy her; at
 leaat all outward signs had fied, and she
 glanced round calmly at tea crowd of beads
 fryjuog&lt;mh&lt;| af oofomeiaek m (J* but.
shown publicly and gratuitously. We grew
 sick of the scene, as the auctioneer proclaim
 ed $6lO bad been bid, and we turned to
 force our way through the crowd, but we
 were fast wedged. “Going—fair waining
 —going;” the key feH on the book, and the
 auctioneer bent forward to enter the amount
 of sale—the girl looked also at the sum the
 fetched in the flesh market, but never moved
 a muscle, except, perhaps, a alight brighten
 ing was observable in the eye, and in the
 parting of the lips, as if in pride that she had
 sold for so much.
 ‘Caroline, you snd the boys go home,’
 exclaimed some one near: the crowd opened
 to let them pasa; and wa escaped. Home!
 Father of all, what a mockery of that en
 dearing term the home of the stranger, per
 haps. the trader—a home where bondage
 ends but with death.”
From the Pennsylvania Freeman.
 We extract the following article from the
 Pennsylvanian,as we are quite willing to give
 it the benefit of our circulation. It is a pretty
 faiy specimen of that journal. We are much
 obliged to the editors for their advice to some
 of the Democrats, to buy and read the last
 number of our paper. “We should like” all
 of ihem to do it, and thus ascertain how
 much truth there is in the assertion, that we
 have elevated Thaddeus Stevens into a “very
 vYilberforce of piety and patriotism;” and
 also, that we "eloquently applauded” the call
 for the Democratic Meeting in favor of the
 Wilmol Proviso, which it chooses to desig
 nate as a “Free Soil Meeting.” This latter
 assertion is paiticularly surprising to ns, as
 we fancy it will be to onr readers. We par
 ticularly request ‘hem to refer to the article:
 on the subject in our la»f*paper.
 A New Ally of the Free Soil Parts’.—
 We referred briefly, on Friday and Satur
 day, to the earnest and zealous opposition
 of ihe North American, to the late Demo
 cratic Union meeting, and to The Pensylvaniart
 and also to the vehement devotion of Thad
 deus Sievens to the cause of Free Soil; and;
 since then, we have noticed the organ of the
 Abolitionists and Diaunionists, in this city,
 the so-called Pennsylvania Freeman, has
 taken the same ground. It pours out its vi
 als of wrath upon the Democrats who dared
 to attend, and the Journal that dares to de
 fend,the great meeting in favor of the Consti
 tution and the Union. We should like some
 of those Democrats, who have been invited tc&lt;
 take part in the Free Soil meeting now in
 course of incubation, under the joint auspices
 of Van Buren disorganize™ of 1848, and
 “original Taylor men,” to purchase and per
 use a copy of the last week’s Pennsylvania
 Freeman. Prominent in its editorial columns
 will be found a lengthy article, is abusive of
 the Pennsylvanian as anything that hss ever
 been written on the same subject by the Free
 Soil organs, and quite as denunciatory of the
 proceedings and speakers of the late Union
 Democratic meeting, as anything that the
 North Americau has yet produced. On the
 first and second pages will he found the vul
 gar and violent speech of Thaddeus Stevens,
 endorsed in a most jubilant editorial, in which
 that shameless and guiltv demagogue, is ele
 vated into a very Wilberforce of piety and
 patriotism. Then comes, on the third page,
 the copy of the call for the projected Free
 Soil meeting, in this city, with certain reso
 lutions, committees, and other machinery of
 that concern, and this is appropriately follow
 ed by a copy of the petition for the Dissolti- j
 tion of the Union, now being signed bv the
 w hite and black Free Suffers, at North Fifth
 st. We need not add, that both the call lor
 the Free Soil meeting, and the petition for
 the Dissolution of the Union, are eloquently
 applauded by the Freeman.
 What a jubilee it will be to the Abolition- I
 ists, if ever the great national Democracy is
 broken up and destroyed! How the dis
 unionists, of 31 North Fifth street, will re
 joice in their frequent assemblages of whites
 and blacks' How Garrison, Thompson, j
 Tappan, Douglass, and the British agitators 1
 will exult! Aad how gratefuUhey will be
 to the Free Soil leaders, and the Free Soil
 papers, who have struck the deadliest blow
 at our noble old party.
 From the Pennsylvania Freeman.
 Messrs. Editors,—j have noticed in the j
 Freeman an article on tne subject ofCongress,'
 extending to post masters aud other* the
 power of geving certificates to the slave-hold- j
 ers or their agents, for the return of those j
 slaves who escape into the free states; and
 you ask the Quaker post mastsrs and mis
 tresses of Chester coumy what they think of
 becoming kidnappers? What answers they
 may give to your query, I know not; hut 1
 can answer for one post master in Yew York.
 1 should be perfectly willing te have that
 power conferred on me if I resided in a part
 j of the country through which any of those
 poor creatures passed. In taking the office
 I that I hold, 1 affirmed to support the Consti
 lotion of the United States and the slate of
 New York, and I shall do it so far as the
 duties of a post master ste concerned. I did
 not pledge myself to go to the field of baitle
 j and slaughter my fellow man; neither did Ij
 agree to steal human beings, and consign,
 .them to slavery or death; and if the power of
 granting certificates to the slaveholder was
 conferred on me, I should interpret the Con
 stitution of the United States is the same way
 that the slaveholders do, when A they say it
 does not give Congress a&gt; v power to legis
 late on the subject; snd I cannot find the
 i word slave in that instrument, snd as I know
 no right by which man can hold his fellow
 man as property, 1 should be like a judge I
 saw an account of some years since, I think
 he belonged to Massachusetts. He would
 not acknowledge any such right, until the
 slaveholder brought a bill of sale from the Al
 mighty.
 A Whig Pcsr Master.
 Did our correspondent promise to support
 the Constitution of the United States, only
 “so far as the duties of a post mister are con
 cerned?” On such an'oath or affirmation of
 allegiance, could be have obtained the office?
 We assert, that in making that promise to
 maimain, preserve and defend the Constitu
 tion, he did pledge himself to deliver up the
 fugitive from service or tabor, on the claim of
 j the party to whom such service or labor may
 i be due, under the laws of the state from
 which he hss escaped; and if he refuse* to do
 this, violate* his contract with the South,
 and breaka his oath or affirmation of office,
 The judge whose example he quotes, and
 j proposes to follow, would have been a more
 honest man, had he resigned his seat on the
 bench, when he fourd that hia obligations of
 office conflicted with his duties to his fellow
 man and his God. He was right in breaking
 his oath, because ite had sworn to do wicked
 ly, but by continuing the promise of allegi
 ance, which he did by remaining io the office,
 of which the oath was a necessary condition,
 be prejured himself. This may sound harsh
 ly to our correspondent, but its truth is to us
 as clear as sunlight. We do not doubt the
 benevolence, and love of justice snd freedom
 which, m his cate and that of the judge,
 prompted the aid given to the fugitive, but the
 making of promise*, wul) an intention of
 breaking them, because it would be wrong
 to keep them, it a very singular way of serv
 ing God.
 We alluded last weak to a contemplated du
 el between W. P, Bisaell of Illinois, and Jef
 ferson Davis of Mississippi. We give the
 Correspondence, which resulted in the set
 tlement of the difficulty.—?. D.
 Washikotok, D. C. Feb. 22, 1850.
 Sir: I im informed that in yesterdayda
 bate you asserted that at the time it was
 claimed for the Mississippi regiment oa the
 field of Buena Vista, to have paaeed through
 the scattered files of the 2d Indiana regiment
 sad to have met the Mexican forces, who had
 routed and were pursuing that regiment, the
 Mississippi regiment wee not within one mile
 and a half of that particular spot.
 Not having bean aM»
 I «d being th. proper to
answer any charge which a responsible roar
 may make against the Mississippi regimen'
 referred to, I take this mode of asking wba
 tber the information I have received is cor
 net.
 Yours, respectfully, JEFF. DAVIS
 Hon. Mr. Bissell.
 Washington, Feb. 22. 186 C
 Sta, In your note of this date, you inquire
 whether I asserted, in yesterday** debate,
 thst, “at the time it was claimed for the Bue
 na Vista, to have passed through the scat
 tered files of the 2d Indians regiment, snd to
 have met the Mexican fotoes, who had rou
 ted and were putauing the Mississippi reg
 iment was net within one mile and a half ol
 that particular spot?”
 The beet answer I can give to your inquiry
 is to state what I did say,.which waa this;
 That,“at the time the 2d Indiana regiment
 gave Wat, the Mississippi regiment was not
 within a mile and a half of the scene of ac
 tion.” This substantially, was all I said in
 reference to the Mississippi regiment. 1 al
 so said that the 2d Kentucky, the 2d Illinois
 and a the Ist Illinois regiments,
 were the troops thst, at that time, met and
 repulsed the advancing columns of the ene
 my. In my remarks, I referred to what oc
 cured at “that particular spot” at that point
 of time.
 Having answered your inquiry, I deem it
 due, in justice alike to myself and the Miss
 issippi Regiment, to ssv, that 1 made no
 charge against that RMgimenr, but am willing
 to awaid them the credit due to their gallant
 and distinguished services in that battle.
 My only object was to do justice to the char
 acter of others, living and Head, whose con
 duct fell under my own observation on. thst
 occasion—a duty imposed upon me by re
 marks previously made in the course of the
 same debate.
 Very respectfully, vours, Sic.
 W. P. BISSELL.
 Hom. Jeff. Davis.
 r rom tiie Rochester Democrat.
 Mr. Webster’s Speech.
 We are not disappointed in the remarks
 which Mr. Webster's speech is calling forth
 in different parts of the country. Nearly all
 the letter-writers in Washington are in rap
 tures with it. The Washington Union en
 dorses it as sound and satisfactory to those
 who have for weeks been plotting the dissolu
 tion of the Republic. Most of the New
 York city journals join in piaising it; and
 loudest of all is the Journal of Commerce,
 always a bitter reviler of any measure for the
 restriction of slavery, and a most obstqious
 panderer to Southern demands.
 Mr. Webster’s splendid talents snd great
 services give to his opinins great weight.
 The Whigs of the Noith, especially, have
 honored him and trusted in him. On no
 question, paiticularly one of so momentous
 importance as that which formed one of the j
 themes of his late speech—the prohibition of
 Slavery in New Mexico—can they differ j
 with him without profound and painful regret.
 It is not a matter of wander, therefore, that
 the papers to which we have referred, should 1
 express a joyful surprise at the new position;
 that great Statesman has taken upon the;
 Slavery question.
 We do not know what effect the speech
 will have upon members of Congress, but how j
 it will be received by the great mass of the
 people at the North, there can be no doubt. I
 On the great question which has agitated the'
 country since the acquisition of territory from I
 Mexico—the application of the ordinance oi
 1787—it is in direct conflict with their wishes,!
 their principles and deliberately formed pur-1
 poses. We speak particularly of tne Whig
 People at the North. They cannot —pro-
 foundly as they respect and venerate Daniel'
 Webster—sustain his position io this respect.
 The attempt to do so would, in our humble
 judgment, be a disaster to the Whig party in
 all the Free Stales—the only party that has
 for yeais offered a steady and consistent op
 position to the encroachments snd the spread
 of slavery.
 The Boston Atlas, [the leading Whig
 paper of New England, aud an able advocate
 of the nomination of Mr. Webster as the,
 Whig candidate for President in 1848, hasj
 a review of this speech, which we regret that
 our limited apace to-day will not permit us to
 copy entire. The extracts which follow will
 suffice to show the feeling of Massachusetts
 and New Engiaud Whigs:
 It will be seen by a perusal of the speech
 itself that the telegraphic report of it which
 we published on Friday morning, and which
 caused so deep a sensation, we may say dis
 satisfaction, m this community, was substan
 tially correct. As publisher of a Whig
 Journal, we are expected to express our opin
 ion in regard it. That expectation we shall
 not disappoint. We know well the weight
 which is attached by our people to the opin
 ions of Mr. Webster, and the influence they
 exert in New England and throughout the
 countiy. We would not disagree with the
 views which ono so distinguished entertains
 —one for whom we have the moat profound
 respect and veneration—if we could help it.
 In ihe present instance we cannot agree with
 Mr. Webster. His sentiments are not our
 sentiments. They are not, we venture to
 say, the sentiments of the Whigs of New
 England.
 We pass by that part of the speech which
 relates to the catching of runaway slaves,
 with a single remark. It is no part of the
 duties of s State to furnish officers to catch
 and jails wherein to hold runaway slaves.
 Congress may do it. Whether northern men
 ought to vote fur such a law, ia another
 question. We would vote for no law impos
 ing duties upon freemen which we would not
 ourselves be willing to aid in enforcing.
 How many of our people would be willing to
 join in the chaas of an escaped s'ave, and be
 come his keeper until taken back into bond
 age, we know not. The occupation would
 not be reputable in our judgment. We have
 not seen Mr. Mason’s bill on this subject.
 We know not their provisions, but be they
 what they may, we trust before the bill be
 come* a law, that it will be so amended, that
 South Carolina and Louisiana will be com-
 Killed to refrain from taking from our
 orthern vessels colored seamen, Massachu
 setts citizens, and imprisoning them while ihe
 vessel remains in port, and selling them into
 slavery to pay the jail fee, unless they are
 paid by the owner or consignee of the ves
 sel.
 The most important part of the speech—
 we mean the part which will receive the
 closest scrutiny—is that which relates to
 Texas snd New Mexieo. Mr. Webster says
 what is true—that more Slave States cen be
 made out of Texas, and that the Treaty of
 Annexation recognizes this fact. These
 States are to be made Slave States, made so
 by law, human law, not God's law. Mr.
 Webster considers Congress is bound to ad
 mit these new Slave States whenever they
 apply properly for admission. This point we
 shall not st present discuss. Mr. Webster
 objeots to the application of the ordinance of
 1787 to the territory of New Mexico, be
 cause Providence has made it incapable of
 sustaining a population of slaves. We shall
 not ask whether God made Texas for a land
 of bqndsge- We shall not ap (hr forget Qur
 duty as even to surmise that our Creator
 made any portion of bit heritage fw the
 aoduC Cf slavery or any portion of our men
 for bondmen. It is man who made Texas
 Slave country —not Qod. God's law ia free
 dom, and as man hsa perverted God’s law by
 his law, and dedicated portions of hi* earth to
 slavery, so would we by man's law, and the
 Almighty law, and make the earth free* in
 other words, inasmuch as the largest portion
 of Texas is dedicated to Slavery by human
 law, so we would by human lavy dedicate
 every inch of N«W Mexico and California to
 freedom. This would he a fair Compromise.
 Our people will never be content to leave
 ibis to engnee. Jf we are to ha?« territori
 al government for New Mexieo. t»
 contain the ornMM—
 diiOUld
 «»vry ordinance, and it
 IwouM be as wroug to vote against putting it
 mto a territorial bill, oa the ground that God
 did not intend te make that slave territory,
as it would be to tote rt out of the Cerath*-
 t tion of California where it now to, because
 God did not intend to make that a slate
 Stole.
 1 RespoaseTrowtke Or*cleof Slnv*4om.
 Ms. Calhoun baa spoken! Aad wbst did
 1 he say! We cannot gite the speech entire in
 1 i out columns, and would not if we could; hut
 will gite a lew "sample*,” by which oui
 readers can judge of the to*. He makes a
 com para tite statement of the influence and
 power of slavery as exemplified by the cen
 sus of 1760, and in the last census in 1840.
 and discovers that while at the former pe
 riod the population of the free State* ex
 ceeded those of the slate States only about
 95.000, at the last census the majority was
 about 9,400.000 !—"Veil, tot of it!” Il
 the South choose to sustain an institution which
 exeictsea such a paralvxing influence over
 them,how can they find fault with us in conse
 quence? .Very probably, if we had the
 statistics it would be seen that filty years
 ago there was a much larger proportion of
 drunkards in the United States than there
 ia now; hot we are not aware that the per
 petuity of the Union is endangered by the
 progress of the temperauce reform, or that
 the friends of alcohol are about to dissolve
 their connection with the Union on account
 of the temperance agitation.
 Mr. Calhoun also complains that the
 North havs so ascendency ovurKtie Sooth to
 every department of government! Will he
 be kind enough to give us a list of those
 who have held offices under the government,
 fiom the President down to midshipman, and
 the salaiies they have received from the pub
 lic purse, that we may see how large a ma
 jority have come from the North, and how
 much more than half of the public funds
 have gone into the pockets of Northern men?
 We confess we had rather see the names
 tnd figures, than to take the ipse dixit even
 of the Southern Autocrat.
 Mr.C. also says that the South “has no
 concessions or suriendet to make. Shehaa
 already surrendered to much, that she has
 little left to surrender.” This is almost too
 much for our gravity. As, however, it was
 uttered with apparent seriousness, don’t
 know but the Honorable Senator, from so
 long dwelling on the idea, has at last got
 to believe that the Southern Slates have
 been very much oppressed and down-trod,
 den, and that every slaveholder may con
 himself an “injnred indiwidual,” and‘more
 sinned against than sinning”! We are re
 minded of the inveterate, atory-teller, who
 after a time puts credence in hia own fab
 rications.
 He concludes by sa\ ing that if California
 is admitted into the Union under the consti
 tution chosen by her own citizens, the South
 will regard it as a final decision of the teat
 question, and ominously adds, that they
 would be' “infatuated, not to act according
 ly.”
 But we ought to ask pardoa of our readers
 for devoting so much space to such a speech.
 We regard it as merely one of the convulsive
 throes of an expiring Hydra.—.Vetr York
 Pathfinder.
 Mr. Webster on Slavery. One year
 ago on the 18th of August, Mr. Webster
 held the following language on the floor of
 the United States Senate.
 “My opposition to the increase of slavery
 in this cuunliy, or to the increase of slave
 representation in Congress, ia general and
 universal. It has no reference to the lines
 of latitude or points of the compass. I shall
 oppose all sucii extension and all such in
 crease, in all places, at all times, under all
 circumstances, even against all inducements,
 against all supposed limitation of great inter
 ests, against all combinational, against all
 compromises.”— N. Y. Evangelist.
 National Christian Anti-Slavery Con
 vention. —A circular *aa be«tf issued by the
 clergymen of Cincinnati, calling a Conven
 tion in that city on the 17th day April, in fa
 vor of “freeing the American Israel from the
 &amp;in of slave- holding.” Illinois has been the
 first to respond to this call. A meeting was
 held at Galesburgh on the 4th inst, in which
 the faculty of the College in that place took
 an active part. The meeting was addressed
 by President Blanchard, and Professor Cole,
 showing the connection of the several chur
 ches with slave-holdiug, and urging the ne
 cessity of more decided action hr the purpose
 of freeing the church of this spiritual despot
 ism.
 Pennsylvania and the Slave Question.
 —The Committee of the Pennsylvania House
 of Representatives, to whom was referred the
 subject of Slavery, have presented a majority
 and minority report. The majority report,
 signed by Messrs. Beaumont, Scouller, and
 Scofield, gives up every thing contended for at
 the North, and contends that tke citizens have
 as good a right to take slave property to the
 territory, as their cattle. The minority report,
 on the other hand, says the Philadelphia A
 mcrican, embodies the true Pennsylvania doc
 trine—the doctrine which the Legislature and
 people have asserted constantlysince the found
 ation of the Commonwealth—and to which
 all true and faithful men within the borders
 of the State ate determined to adhere, not
 withstanding the threats and menaces of mad
 men abroad, and the miserable clinging of
 renegades ar home.
 California Gold Diggers—lmportant
 Decission. —Judge Rodgesa, of the Pennsyl
 vania Supreme Court, haa made a decision
 which is likely to have some influence on the
 opetationa of the silent partner in the Califor
 nia gold t digging line. An application was
 made to ths Couit by J. A. Lessig, of Phila
 delphia, for an injunction to restrain one
 Patrick McLangton, for disposing of some
 $90,000 worth of gold dust. The plaintiff
 alleged that he and Patrick entered into part
 nership, for the purpose of digging gold in
 California, and that the proceeds, amounting
 to the above sum, had been taken possession
 of by the said Patrick, without the slightest
 attempt to divide the spoils. The gold dust
 was at the U. S. Mint, and an injunction
 was played to prevent the defendant from
 taking it from that place. The Court decid
 ed that the refusal of a partner to account, is
 no ground of injunction; and that, even il
 there was a partnership, the plaintiff not
 having labored towards that end, and the
 whole fund having been acquited by the de
 fendant, it was not partneradip property. The
 injunction was refused.
 “Contented and Happy-” —The Cum
 land Civilian states that the negro man who
 mutilated hit wrist in his attempt tp chop his
 left hand with a hatchet, when foiled in hia
 attempt to run away, haa since died with the
 lock-jaw, brought on by self-mutilation.
 The Civilian gives }he following ac
 count of anoibei act of desperation the part
 of a slave:
 “We bear that one oftha citizens of this
 county, having reason to believe that one ol
 his negro woman intended to 'take leave*
 northward, resolved very properly, to sell her.
 The flave finding it useless to try to escape,
 resolved,it would appear, to do something dea
 peiate. She accordingly took her two little
 children, sod weal tome banka of a neighbor
 iog creek,
 She throw the children in first, and then
 pitched in herself. Bui owing to the coM
 neas of the water or some other cause, hard
 ly hads be been moment before the took a
 •eoood sober thought and got herself and
 children out in double quick time.
 American Free Cotton.— The friends ol
 ths Free Produce movement will rejoice to
 lean, that tbs s».t thipqrent of
 Free Cotton *a*Qn, arntwi was* 1
 lasi; and instead d uewre
 srooo l u»ur months in Liv
 «s wss the case last year, ninety bale*
 were immediatelr sold to s trustworthy
 factum, for making into prints; nod U»s .re
 maining twelve bales are to I* rowJ mu
 sewing eottton, tapes, and other small aril
Rumored Change in t« Carimet. The
 Washington Correspondent of tb« Wew
 York Triban*, under d*t* of ieb.
 Writes.
 “I hire reason to believe that Hon. John
 9**y*°o, 00 a**«in« of bio infitm health,
 will insist on being reii*T*d from the arduous
 and incessant labors of bis present station at
 no eery distant day, and that his request will
 be acceded to by Gen. Taylor, but not till
 after the pending negotiations with Great
 Britain respecting Central America and the
 Nicaragua Ship Canal shall bars been con
 cluded. Whenever Mr. Clayton does retire,
 he it sooner *r later, I venture to predict that
 Hon. Robert C. Winthiop of Massachusetts
 will succeed him as Secretary of State.
 Yours, K.
Father Mathbw and Slavery.—Father
 Mathew is meeting with some opposition in
 the Sonth, in consequence of his signature
 to the O'Connell circular, issued some years
 sgo. Judge Lumpkins, of Georgia —to
 whom Father Mathew has written on the
 subject avowing it as bis intention nut to in
 terfere in any way with the institution of
 Slarery—declaring himself not satisfied, un
 less the O’Connell circular is repudiated.
 "The blow has been struck/’ says the Judge,
 "let him recall that blow, and we will be
 content. We do not ask him to become our
 champion,, but so long as ihp O’Connell
 circular remains unexplained, we asm con
 sider him the champion of oui foes.”—Mer
 ctr Luminary.
Telegraph Across the Atlantic. —The
 projectors of an electric telegraph communi
 cation between New York and the Isle of
 Wight will bring their plan before Congress
 at its present session. They propose to lav
 down a substantial insulated wire of 36
 fibres, coated one half-ineh with gutta percha,
 and to guarantee ita working with perfect in
 tegrity for ten yean. They offer to complete
 it in twenty monies from the dale of contract,
 for s sum not to exceed 3,000,000 dollais.
Death of Lord Jeffrey. —Lord Jeffrey,
 so well-known as one of the oiiginatoas, and
 for many years editur, of the Edinburgh Re
 view, died at Edinburgh, Jan. 26th, in the
 77th year of his age. His present wife was
 sn American women.
Mary Howitt. —Mary Howittis the least
 in the world of an authoress. She is a mild,
 mibble-aged, intelligent, and lady-like En
 glish matron, who is fine looking, and ha?
 made a narrow escape fiom being beautiful.
 She dresses not as a quakeress, but like a
 lady: her manners are gently dignified; her
 conversation interesting and fluent. Gifted
 with true genius, surrounded by an amiable
 and accomplished family, and united to a hus
 band of rare talent, she has been enabled from
 ■uoh sources to drink defiance to misfortune,
 snd to retain a moonlike complacency amid
 the clouds which have of late clothed her
 path .—Elmira Courier.
Exhibition of Industey.—A great meet
 ing of the leading merchants, bankers, and
 traders of the city of London was lately held
 in the Mansion House for the purpose of ta
 king into consideation certain resolutions
 having in view the promotion of the grand
 exhibition of the industry of all nations.
 The Lord Mayor took the chair; and Lord
 John Russell, Mr. Labouchere, and Lord
 Granville were also present. The several
 resolutions were proposed by Mr. W. Cotton
 Mr Raikes Currie, Lord J. Russell, and the
 Governor of the Bank of Englard. Sub
 scriptions to the amount of upwards of
 10,000 were announced.
Maryland Constitution. The Mary
 land Legislature have passed the bill provid
 ing for calling a convention to reform the Con
 stitution of the State.
Glory. —l love and commend a true good
 fame, because it is the shadow of virtue; not
 that it doth do any good to the body which it
 accompanies, but it is an efficacious shadow,
 and like that of St. Peter, cures the diseases
 of others. The best kind of glory, no doubt,
 is that which is reflected from honesty, such
 as was the glory of Cato and Aristides; it was
 harmful to them both and is seldurn beneficial
 to any man, whilst he lives: what is it to him
 after his death, I cannot say, because I love
 not philosophy merely national and conjectu
 ral, and no man who has made the experi*
 ment has been so kind as to come back to in
 fo rm us.— Cowley.
Receipts
 For the North Star, far the Week ending
 March 13,1850.
 Western New York A. S. Society 8 80,00
 Liberty Festival 1,00
 J. H. Crane 2,00
 Joseph Nash 1,00
 Ann Ewer 2,00
 Charles Cherrytrse 2,00
 D. H. Fitthugli 2,00
 Varmint Tanner 8,00
 E. Coleman 2,00
 Z. K. Hutchinson 2,00
 A. Star Gayer 1,00
 JohnTopp 1,00
 William Weddell 2,00
 M- 3. Roberts 1,00
 P. Jones 1,00
 B. H. Atsop 2,00
 Martin Roberts (don,) 1,00
 G. Boyd 1,00
 CONS UM PTION~P REVENTEdT
 That consumption, when once firmly fixed and
 seated, can Ire cured, we must doubt; but that it can
 be prevented, if the proper remedies are applied in
 seu.-on, we firmly believe. A slight cold, a gentle
 cough: a geoeral deraugement of the nervous sys
 tem which rendeis the individual sick or well—
 these are the symptoms which herald the approach
 of tlie fell destroyer. If these be atteneed to in sea
 ton all may lie well; but neglect them and they wilt
 be ture to gain the mastery, and what was at first
 only troublesome and annoying, at last becomes
 alarming, and often fatal.
 For incipient consumption, we know of no hettei
 remedy than WISTAR’S BALSAM OF WILD
 CHERRY. It is soothing and healing in its na
 ture, and is admirably adapted to allay and dissi
 pate that annoying and distressing irritation which
 so much prevails at this season of the year, cause.:
 by colds, coughs and chills, brought on by frequent
 and sudden chan get in the weatlier. We know ol
 several severe cases which have been ladicallj cu
 red by the nae of this Italsam.
 Consumption, however is a disease which differs
 very much in tlie severity of its symptoms and tty
 rapidity ol its progress, and has long baffled the
 skill of physicians, it cannot be be supposed
 that this or any other remedy is capable of effect
 ing a cure in every easy and fiery nag# of tlie dig
 ease, on the contrary, we must expect It tb fail
 sometimes, a circumstance which occurs daily
 with all tin most valuable remedies we possess. 3
 The success which has attended this Medicine
 for several years past, has overcome the predjuJicet
 of all respectable men, and tka article lias taken a
 stand among tin first class of discoveries and bles
 sings of the age; and when resoited to in season,
 eradicates the disease (br which ft ts recomended.
 None genuine, unless signed I. BUT I S on tin
 wrapper,
 For sale by Post k Willis; also by W*.
 PITKIN.
 MEDICAL TREATMENT.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan—Deer Sir: Last August I
 received a s*.veie bruise on one leg,just below the
 knee, no attention was paid to it laiwever for some
 time after, nor until I bad taken cold in tbs sore: it
 now became very much swollen, and exceedingly
 painful, so much so that I could get no sleep for
 several da\s. A physician was qaflsd, and my
 leg lanced at two different periods, discharging ve
 ry freely each um«. 1 laid under Mediog tmt*
 sssfir rates*
 Ointment. tbig s****— 5 y«*
 and ia sm» e run ad
 rP weoas (from the time I began using the
 ..anneal, my »Wg was entirely wall. I cheerfully
 recomend all who may be siiu.lary injured to gm
 this Ointment a trial with the fullest assurance that
 their expectations will not be disappointed.
 "TESSrSta*.
 Sugar Grave, Kane ee. IU. AprilBT, 18*.,
 gstjPampbleis of Agents,
3Vi&gt;t&gt;trtistments
JOSEPH C. bUSTILL. Book-Keeper, Ac
 countant, and Confidential letter Writer,
 would Boat respectfully inform his ft tends end the
 public in genera), that he hag for their accommoda
 tion, opened his office for the keeping of Book*,
 casting accounts, writing letter* upon business, Ac
 the drawing of Bonds, articles of agreement. Con
 stitution*, bye-laws, report*, communication*, Ac
 Ac., at No. 169, South Sixth Street, below Piae,
 where by hi* strict attention to kutMiess be hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms La*h. Oilice hours
 from 9 a.w. to 9P x.
 Also Agent (hr the North Star, single copier
 of which ran be olrtained; and the sale of Lou in
 Lebanon Cemetery. *f
IMPORTANT TO THIS LADIES.
 CIjOAKS IY.OAKS
 10,000 Choky Mantillas, and French Sacks
 selling off at astonishing low pnccs
 WE RESPECI'FULLY INFORM OUR
 friend* and lbe public, that one of the firm lia*
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received tire LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloak*, Ac., of the richest and most fashionable
 material* in use, such a* Velrets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 rite designs and workmanship nre excellent, embra
 cing tatrte, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, O.Vt AND ALL,
 CALf. AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES a# we feel
 imsVr §s e
 purchased elsewhere, and made up iq a more supe
 rior man: er than they can get them made up ihein
 selves—some good Cloak* and Visette* at $3,60
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks, lurk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be soldofl at astonishingly low pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 66 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine *t., New York. oct26 8m
Hatr-Cuttinff aii4 Dressing at
 ZD. A J. PATTERSON’S Saloou, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—3 m
The 014 nrosity Shop,
 At yo 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, rratelul for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform liis
 triends and the public generally, that he lias recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy article*, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pav liberally and dispose of at satisfactory’ prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849,
Narrative of the life of Freder
 ick DOUGfLASS, written by himself, to be
 bad at this office, price 30 cents; new Edit. 37Jc
Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rocliester
 and surrounding country* that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
Thankful lor past favors In the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who' may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous ofhaving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
Rail-Roa4 Time.
fIHANGfJ IN TIME. —The trains will commence
 L to leave Rochester to-day at the following time
 Eastward—at 12| A.M., 8k A.M.. 1 r.M. 7|p.m.
 Westward—-at 8| a. u., 2 r.M., 5| p.m. II r.M
 Rochester, May 1,1849.
For Sale Cheap,
 TWENTY BUILDING LOTS, in the Ninth
 Ward of the City of Brooklyn, a few minutes’
 walk from the railroad, and ten minutes travel to
 the East River Ferries. Title indisputable. Per
 sons wishing to purchase and improve immediately,
 will be accommodated on easy terms. Said Lots
 front on Thompson Street and Morell’s Lane, and
 adjoin Ward School No 2.
 Also for sale a neat ONE-HORSE CARRIAGE
 with Harness complete. Very cheap.
 Address (post paid) J. C. Morel, Brooklyn
 post office, or au interview may be had at my
 apartments in Weeksville, from 4 to 6 o’clock F.M.
 every day in the week, Saturdays excepied.
 jan 4- 6iv
Elthu Biirrltt’s Newspaper.
 THE CHRISTIAN CITIZEN. F.lihu Bur
 fitt, Proprietor; Elihc Burritt, Tho
 mas Dstir, Jr. Editors; Edmund Fra, Lon
 don, J. B. Syme, Edinburgh, Ernest Lacan,
 Peris, Foreign Correspondents.
 The SEVENTH VOLUME of this large and
 popular Family Newspaper commenced on the First
 of January, 1850. Terms One Dollar and Fifty
 Cente per annum, invariably in advance. Four
 copies for Five Dollars.
 The Citizen is tlie organ of no party or sect, but
 expresses freely the sentiments of its editors upon
 all the great reformatory questions of the day.
 Sympathising with all the great enterprises of
 Christian benevolence, it speaks against war in tlie
 spirit of peace. It speaks for tlie slave as a brother
 bound; and for tlie abolition of all institutions and
 custnms which do not respect the image of God
 and a human brother, in every man, of whatever
 clime, color or condition of humanity. All orders
 should be post paid, and directed to either of the
 Editors, at WORCESTER, MASS.
 jan 4—caw 4t
 JAMES W. MONDOKMING still continues to
 keep the Groeery on Second Street, corner oi
 Elm, North side, lias constantly on hand every
 variety of Groceries. 3m
 Cincinnati, Ohio. July 13, 1849.
 BOSTON ADYERTISKMENTsT"
 HOME FOR REFORMERS.
 THE kubscrilier has removed to that neat, conve
 nient, and central boarding-house, No. 24 Centre
 Court, where he will be most happy to welcome sonic
 of the Friends of Reform, at reasonable charges.—
 He wishes his house to be the central place in Bos
 ton, where the friends of Temperance, Peace, Purity
 Freedom, the prisoner, fee., may meet together, and
 enjoy a comfortable and quiet home.
 Central Court opens at 238 Washington street.
 JOHN M. SI’EAR.
 Boston, Aug, 21,1848.
 ROBERT MORRIS, Jr., Attorney and Coun
 sellar at Law, Brazer’s Building, State Streei
 Boston.
 THOMAS P. BMITH, No. 88, Brattle Streei
 sign of the Golden BaU, New and Second
 hand Clothing Store,
 NEW ENGLAND SECOND HAND
 CLOTHING STORE,
 No. 06, Union Strext, Boston,
 JOHN WRIGHT keeps constantly on hand a
 great variety of New and Second Hand Clothing
 Goods of all kinds, such as old clothes, W. I. goodr,
 Watches, Boots and Shoes, tcc, exchanged for new
 clqliing. Cash advanced on all kinds of goods.
 HEW VORK ADVERTISEMENTS.
 D*. J, M*CUNE SMITH, 93, West Braid-
 MRS. PETTIT would respectfully inform bei
 Friends and die Public, that she has removed
 from 150 to a commodious house No. 162, Church
 Streei, where she will continue to entertain respect
 able colored persons with Board and Lodaina.
 New York, Msy 11, 1849.
 H Made~Cfco£i
 fj. Street, between Church Streei
 uwMrw oadway, New York. Also—-A Gen-
 T. Assortment of Gentlemen's Furnishing Articles,
 constantly on band.
 May 18.1849,
 XT TILL IAM B. LOO AN. Denier in Fsshionabh
 W Boots nod Shoe#, 89, Purchase Street, New
 Bedford.
 W. B- L. keeps constantly on hand n good assort
 meat, and will sell cheap for cash. Strict attention
 paid to custom-made work, by Masers. Parker and
 Davis.
 YYTASHINGTON’S Deguenrmn Galleiy, 186
 v¥ Main Street, Kellogg's, Beddings, Hartford
SLOAN'S COL®MS,
89“ AH the medicines advertised by W. B. Stem!
 •re sold by Post A Wilt),, Window Yew* Mf
 Chester; 8. Kmmfeuw. Frankfort; A. S. Barest**
 Co., Lewiston; T. A A. Frye, Brockpoft; Caleb
 Nye, Pittsferd; W. William*, Bwfko, lad w
 mo t druggists throughout the United Stales.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally
 knowledge*! to be an infelliibie remedy, in every
 rase w hen it has been faithfully applied do the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, r*’
 lieving pain of every kind, Rhd in its heeling
 qualities the Woodses no* produce its equal, and
 tlie public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that ha* ever been used. AU diseases
 of the Flesh, ObstinateMJleers* Old Sores, CWL
 bhuiu, Sore Throat, Boros, Cws, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nippies, Sure R retorts, Diseases of
 the F.ye, Ague in the f«*, side, hark, and the
 otter ports of The *v WMB Both, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, F resh Woumis, aod every knd *f
 sores containing the least particle of
 are permanently ctu-td by this great remedy.
 _ W- B. SLOAN.
 Grand Depot, 40,Lake at., Chicago, 19.
 DOCTORING IN OAbFhA,
 Mr. SloaN:— Rear Sir. Altu three years age
 I was severely injured in we ui\ legs by the
 fdling of a pile of wood which askmed large
 running ulcers. Nearly every i«Unr *e Galena
 sympathy and improper treat meet my
 came as l&gt;ad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well ag..in mk mi order
 tliat 1 might neglect no mean* .turn my rem h, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you crq Judge n n»y surprise and
 gratitude better than I can exjweas it, to find my
 self entirely well before I bad finished *jgg
 *econd Itox.
 These fiicts I make known that otliers afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable an
 Oir tment as yours has proveil to be. Rescue tfuliv.
 your grate for friend, EVAN DAVW.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HAND* AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time ke first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin foil of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times lie was obliged to go on bis
 hands and knees, ami no time has he been free from
 the lore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise tug foci are
 now perfectly smooth soft an free fiom -racks, all
 from one application of your Mnluieiit, would say
 the boy put it ou himself as on experiment of hie
 own, from hearing in recommcikled. Nothin* more
 was thought of it for three week*, at which time
 his feet were near about in a 1.0-diLy and are
 now tiie same as though they never had beeu other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADFN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wit., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sv: In my opiuieo.
 the greatest cure* effected are those 'that have
 longest resisted the skill of tlie Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in pointi
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Fails, was
 crippled two years with five large deep niters, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 000 Id not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physician* in various place*, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advioe.
 I succeeded in reducing tlie swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till the
 first of February’, without much ifanv benefit, wheat
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks tie was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OS I'RANDF.K, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
L,SLOAN’8 OINT3IENT,
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A WHEAT NAME.
BURNT TO CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you mv unfeigned thanks for your Uiritll*
 lelkd Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before tlie Haines could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used w ith success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child iv
 now well and about her business.—The medians is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their passes
 sion. mtm-
 I feel (indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 ant ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creex, Lakh Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28lh, 1849.
For Purity, Mildness, tint tty, Uerlaioty
 and Thoro\i%kiu4i fthOAK’S
 OINTMEM' Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 dil€M€B J
 Fresh Wounds, Gills of mil kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Safest,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Pow'dkr will remove nil inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen tlie skin, cleanse tb»
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of tbs Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumaumn.
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It ie
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fetal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois
 too mnch
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloua’a Horse Modi*
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, tastify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them, with coofl
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 j, heir to” is cured, permanently, by the ese rf
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test for your*
 ■elf their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May 6th, 1849.
 BIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
 Extract from the WaukeskasDemocret,' H*is.
 “Sloan’s Medicines.”-- Asufaecriber
 from the town of New Berlin. requests to soy.
 that he has used Mr. Sfosn noise Oiatmeal in
 several instances during the pe* winter, end
 always with the desired effect, and wishes mb las
 recommend it to those who hs.Ve the nee and cam
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’* medicines are highly
 spoken of generally trul from the favorable sc
 quaint*nee we \uxeu with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe mat they are piepnrsd with a view u»
 give real benefit to whatever purpose they si* I*-
 comineoded-
 RATTLE SNAKE BITS.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir—Last month Mr
 A. B. Taylor, ef Gopher Mill, Indiana, had
 hose badly bitten on the none by s
 Some ten hours after, I saw the bone, his tend mam
 remarkably swollen, I immediately
 Ointment freely, and we were astonished at dm
 prompt relief afforded. In less than y
 welling began to abate, arid tnUo**ito*
 had nearly all subsided, and within
 horse was not only fit for use, but wussotaaity pat*
 ~S3l»r.
 Cjucabs, Jtwt Mfc,
"
