"FREDERICK DOUULAM,
 n del any, IP***
YOL. I. NO. XIL
Tbs MOUTH STAR Is |«MbM mn
 Friday, mi Ws. BafitoStmt,
 (Oppimtr the Arc+it.)
 TERMS.
 Two &lt;Mbn Mr amm, «/*tw eOrmmtr. JJJ*
 ■■fertifttua will Iw ntrirri w« w
 •I* WlStfe.
 A4rmiac*MK* sot eve*®***
 UtfM tia«*r fir one dolfcfrf *"7 ••“••‘r***
 UM, twenty-6 re eritf*.
 T«l itjr- Vg rlt Bt*« wtB bo to snack
 •wrnr m oB H* tore ■*•“•8 &lt;Wocsw
 timers* it E***« ir T,OJ ***tod
 •f PcßLtc Mo***-'"! promote dot ami and w
 uOcctoa! i*prorr oeot of tks CoLontD PlOfll;
 00l Sastra tin -tiy of FREEDOM to the Test*
 •♦fiLt roe* &lt;rf F«tww Co«*-
 ritaii-
 PUBU3IIER** NOTICES.
 AH eo.-aro»oic»tkHM ntttiag to the huhiM
 mertere if the paper, of sdhKribsrs, reuit
 u«M, ehooU he addressed u William C.
 Nti t. Publisher.
 00* Ayeiu, m 1 all other* sen-linf name*, ore
 reified to be accurate, an 1 fire the Pot Qfye,
 the rm-ttjF. an i the •Srnte. Eaefa Subscriber m un
 me.liately rredit* I fur m &gt;oey received.
 Any person eendinf in the payment for torn
 nbrribtri, to lie f&gt;rwarded to one' address, may
 hare a fifth copy for one year.
 ((3* All bture and CKn.nimicaboos must be poet
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Mimcnutms.—R. F. Walcott, 21, CornbiD,
 Bt&gt;*ton; Nathan J&lt;rt*twon. Mew Bedford; Horatio W.
 Fo»‘i, I.(Well; J;i:nr.« N. Ba'Tutn, Lrtm; George
 Era is, Wofaeiter lt*«inw Spooner, Pbrnenodi;
 t ,’lurle* 11. Seth, Spring he 11 Dared lla-gies,
 .Northampton; 11. Carpenter, Uptna.
 Musr..—Oliver Dennett, Portland.
 Vr.Reo.tT.—Rowland T. Robineon, North Fer*
 risborg.
 CottrcncßT.—Jonathan Leonard, Meriden.
 Nkw I! a m pshirk.—Wcare Tappan, Bra-lford.
 New Yoa*.—Sydney H. Got, 142, Naaeao
 Street; Jane* MeCu ic Snith, 93, Wont Broadway;
 Jutipli Post, Westbnrr, Qncen Countv; Mary Har
 per, Albany; Elias Dutr, Macedon; Willetts Kccsc,
 Peru, Clinton o»un‘.y; William S. Baltimore, Troy;
 J. V. Platt, Peril Van; J. Jc.lrev, Genera.
 JLiioiif. Isi.*»u.—Amarancv Paine, Proridence.
 Ptj. .vt vlv a k i *.-J. M. M’Kim, 91, North Fifth
 Street, PiiHsdt*l;&gt;hia; G. \V. Goines, 8, Exchange
 Place, Ditto; 11. Vashon, B. Bown, Pitttliurg;
 William Wliippcr, Cida-nbia; Isaac RJerU, Jacob
 L. Paxon, Norristown, Montgomery O-wnty.
 Ohio.—Christian lionahUon, Cincinnati; G. W.
 Carter, Ditto; Valentine Nicholson, Harrcysburgh,
 Warren County; Samuel Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 laoiAttA.—Joel P. Davis, Economy, Wayne Co.
SELECTIONS.
Plan *be .Sixteenth Annual Report of the Massa
 chusetts Anti-Slavery Society.
 WILMOT PROVISO.
 Ia our lust report we gave an ac
 count of the Proviso to the Resolution
 appropriating two millions of dollars to
 be employed by the President in pur
 chasing a peace with Mexico, moved
 by Mr. Wiltnot, of Pennsylvania, at the
 close of the first session of the last
 Congress, to the effect that neither
 slavery nor involuntary servitude, shxlL
 ever exist in any part of any territory
 to be acquired from Mexico, except for
 crime;” and of the manner in which
 the action of the Senate was prevented
 after it had passed the House, by Sen
 ator Davis, of Massachusetts, speaking
 against time, until the hour fixed for
 adjournment had arrived. A proviso to
 the same effect was appended to a bill
 authorizing the President to use three
 millions of dollars for the same purpose,
 on motion of Mr. Preston King, of New
 York, and passed the House by a vote
 of 115 to 105. In the Senate, howev
 er, the proviso was struck out by a
 majority of ten, and, upon the resolu
 tion being returned to thp House, the
 proviso was lost by a vote of 9Y to 102,
 and it was then passed without the
 amendment, by a vote of 115 to B*2!
 So supple and subservient arc the faith
 ful Commons of this Republic to the
 authentic will of the House of slave
 holders! Since that time, this proviso
 has furnished the chief nucleus for the
 opposition to the war and its objects, to
 the more independent spirits of both
 parties. The outrage upon the Con
 stitution committed in the Annexation
 of Texas, following at its due interval
 upon those of the Annexation of Lou
 isiana and Florida, having been sub
 mitted to, the point seems to be granted
 on all hands, that any quanity of terri
 tory may be united to these States, and
 all that is left to the free States is to
 jm&amp;ke a stand, of necessity an unavail
 ing one, against the permission of sla
 very in such new acquisitions.
 This very shape which the political
 hostility to slavery has found itself com
 pelled to take, is one of the strongest
 testimonies to the supremacy of that
 power over us. It has trampled under
 foot all Constitutional guarantees which
 *tood in the way of its designs, while
 it enforees them upon us, in their
 jitraitest interpretation, to prevent
 our interference with thoae purposes.
 And having conceded the thing de
 manded, our Anti-Slavery Politicians
 would make amends for their folly by
 seeking to obtain the consent of the
 victor that it shall not be used for the
 purpose for which it was sought and
 *&lt;&gt;n. A pregnant proof that there can
 be no effective resistance made to the
 encroachments of the slave power, ex
 eept by men who regard the Union as
 e great political bulwark of slavery,
 ana who are ready to level H with the
 u *t as a necessary preliminary to the
 dejruciton c f that enemy of mankind,
 'indication of their own
 c c n but hope that the daily
 develop, of #ur hi ,J,
 A “"-Sl.very portion! of *ll
 pmrtios diitccni ,h„ tberTi. no Exodiu
 f0 h l hTh° U V“ r lhe UvUh in
 which they hv, K lr brother'* Eeep
 er*. excepting ore, h romt of the!*
 isting Union and Constitution
 The whole hulory „f Ae VnM
 *uice it wxs guhered into n
 nation, has been a continual wfcne** to
 the truth that there can be gmmine
 Union between Good and Evil, between
 Liberty and Slavery, There never baa
 been a Union of these States. A Coe.
 lition there has been; and its fate has
 been that of every coalition which bai
 beep attempted to be made, between i
HE NORTH STAR
good principle and a bad one, mace tb«
 world began. The Bad bee predomi
 nated ever the Good, The victory
 has been, as it should have beea, to the
 Evil Element of the attempted Compro
 mise. v
 The only history, worthy tike nemo,
 that we bare in this country, in the nar
 rative of various devices of the
 I North to escape the jaws of staveiy,
 without taking her bend out of its
 mouth. Attempts, more or less vigor
 ous, have been mads, at various peri
 ods, to put the monster on abort allow
 ance, but they have always (ailed. And
 they mutt always fetl as long as they
 are made in subordination to the agree
 ment which gives slavery the power to
 help itself. The resistance which was
 made to tbs Purchase, and afterwards
 to the Admission, of Luaiaiiaa, tbs
 Missouri contest, and the Texfs strag
 gle, were conspicuous attempts of this
 nature. And splendid failures they
 were, all of them. The present phase
 of this spirit of resistance to the ag
 gressions of slavery is seen in what is
 called the Wilmot Proviso, which em
 bodies the principle, that whatever
 Territory is acquired by the present war
 shall be Free Territory. A large part
 of the Whig, and a proportion of the
 Democratic, presses make a stand upon
 this ground. Resolutions to this effect
 passed the Legislature of Massachu
 setts, unanimously, and have also pass
 ed the Legislatures of various other
 Northern States, -Democratic as well
 as Whig. But this effort will be as
 futile as any of Us predecessors. Af
 ter the vaporing about the Annexation
 of Texas, and the smoke in which it
 ended, slavery will be indeed a fool
 (and that it never has been in its gen
 eration) if it be deterred by these de
 monstrations from doing what it likes.
 Hopes have been entertained that
 the Democratic Party at the North
 would rally round this principle at the
 next Election for President, and put
 Silas Wright, as its incarnation, in the
 Chair of State. But this hope, faint
 as it should have been, has been dis
 pelled by the sudden death of that
 Statesman; and all the other prominent
 Northern aspirants for the place, will
 be ready enough to repudiate it, for the
 sake of the only support which can
 give them a chance of a nomination,
 much more of an election. The South
 has taken its ground firmly and deci
 dedly, and there is no doubt of its
 maintaining U successfully. Its van
 tage is too great for defeat. If *it
 want the whole continent to Cape
 Horn, it can have it (or all the resist
 ance the North will make. The heart
 of the North must be renewed before
 it will be ready to make any effectual
 head against the irruptions of the Slave
 Power. And that will not be before
 the next Election. Of which circum
 stance the Democrats, at least, are well
 aware.
 And how stands it with the Whigs?
 The undivided front which they seemed
 at one time to present, under this
 standard, is already broken. Southern
 Machiavelistn has already made a crack
 which, by due pains, may be widened
 into a split. The Hon. Mr. Berrien,
 of Georgia, a pious slaveholder, and
 one of the officers of the Bible Society,
 and of the A. B. C. F. M., if we are
 not much mistaken, has suggested the
 change of the issue from No mbre
 Slave Territory,” to No more Terri
 or y
 Mr. Schouler, the editor of the Bos
 ton Atlas, who, before he was transla
 ted to a metropolitan See, gave some
 signs of Anti-Slavery vitality and sa
 gocity, falls in with this suggestion, and
 is followed by a portion, not large as
 yet, of the Northern Whig Press. Mr.
 Berrien is, plainly, a knowing man.-r
 -!He is no unworthy pupil of the great
 Compromiser, Clay, to whom that same
 Atlas judged Boston would give as
 warm a welcome as she did Lafayette!
 He takes a proposition that Imm vital
 principle in it, and after squeezing its
 life out, offers its breathless corpse to
 his Whig brethren as a much more ef
 ficient leader than when it was alive!
 And he is taken at his word by a por
 tion, which we prophecy will be an in
 creasing portion, of the Whig Party.
 No more Territory? No more than
 what Than to the Rio Grande, or the
 Nueces, or the City of Mexico? A
 Dissolving Frontier like ours knows
 no such thing ss New Territory AU
 that we want was ours from the Crea
 j tion of the World.
 A little later, Mr. Buchanan takes
 the Democrats in hand, and kindly
 helps them out of their quoodary.—
 Northern Democrats are not to be
 expected to approve of slavery in the
 abstract,” it seems! This is a great,
 and rather a startling concession. But
 ithen, the Constitution, Compromises,
 Compacts, and all the rest of it, aaake
 lit pita that they are expected to ap
 prove of all alavery does ia the con
 crete. Mr. Buchanan, of course, can
 not be opposed to die acquisition of
 Territory, nor even of Slave Territory.
 But he is not in iavor of nothing but
 Slave Territonr. O, no! He is fer
 applying the BTwsouri Compromise to
 whatever we help ourselves to, and ex
 cluding slavery from all North of 96
 degrees and 30 minutes! Or, in plain
 terms, he would prohibit slavery
 wherever it« physically impossible that
 it should most; And the Northern De
 clurion! perplexities are ml
 an end!
 But it ia aB mere heating the air,
 even if the Whigs, or Democrats, or
 both, at the North, were of one mind
 as to the Wilmot Proviso. What eettid
 they do rwa to procure its adoption?
 Suppose Mr. Corwin, who semes the
 present Whig Mpwsntsrivw of the
 Wilmot idea, to he elected President,
 i what could he do. or they that chass
 him do? Could they any to dmry,
T"I |ss-*me*V*** '*m*
 MGBTT m or 90 nX-TMJTH U GP NO THE PAXKSR AT Vft ALU AND ALL WB ABB BBTOttBL
Thus fer shall then go, and her
 shall thy proud waves be stayed V
 There, in the Senate, wifi sit that iroi
 majority of slaveholders, who will mod
 at all their impotent straggles. Th
 example of Mr. Berrien shows that th
 Whigs cannot depend on the Souther
 division of their party, m a ease when
 the interests of stevety me at stake.—
 The Proviso can never hseorne a few
 and it wifi ha distinctly intimsted the
 no men that maintain it can expect eon
 firotation lor any office, at the hands o
 the Senate. The way of escape whicl
 Mr. Berrien has opened will be madt
 as broad as the Way that leadeth t&lt;
 destruction, and many there will fe
 that wifi walk therein. The history o
 the Proviso, lost winter, is an antetyp&lt;
 of what is in store fer it. Passed by a
 Democratic House, it was, as soon a«
 the wifi of the Senate was expressed
 crushed by the very men who bad jusl
 voted for it.
 We hope that the better part of the
 Whig Party, and of the Democratic
 Party, too, will do stout battle for the
 principle of the Wilmot Proviso, be
 cause we believe that if anything can
 show them the only effectual deliver
 ance, it will he the experience they arc
 about to have! They will find that il
 they can succeed ia tying this millstone
 about the neck of a Presidential candi
 date, it will carry him to the bottom
 with a most comfortable alacrity al
 sinking.” They will find that there is
 not strength enough left to the people ol
 the free States, even if they were uni
 ted, to a man, to resist the determined
 purpose of the Slave Power. Thej
 will learn the might of a compact, in
 telligent Oligarchy over incongruous
 masses, be they never so massive.—
 They will discover that to attempt tc
 destroy, or to limit, slavery under the
 Constitution, is as vain and absurd as
 to fight in fetters. From all this expe
 rience, and more, we trust they will
 come to see that the only way to be
 free from the despotism of the slave
 holders, themselves, and to put them
 selves into a position to give effectual
 aid to the slaves, is to dissolve the
 Union!
 It may look hard, but it is much ea
 sier than to .carry the Wilmot Proviso.
 For the one can he done by a majority
 of the inhabitants of the free States, oi
 a portion of them; while the otLer can
 not, though they were all united as one
 man. When the Anti-Slavery Whig*
 and Democrats will unite in demanding
 a Reconstruction of the Government;
 in proclaiming the Dissolution of the
 present Confederation, and the forma
 tion of a New Union that shall be suck
 indeed; when they shall put forth theii
 strength against, instead of under, the
 present constitution; when they shall
 meet, not in partizan Conventions, bul
 in Conventions to prepare the People
 for a Revolution, or to carry that Revo
 lution into effect; then they will begin
 to exert some independent political in
 fluence, and to produce an effect on
 public affairs. They can then help to
 create a Republic in which the will ol
 the people will be law, and not the ca
 price of a small aristocracy, their na
 tural enemies, above their reach and
 beyond their control. A Republic, m
 which there may be such athing as po
 litical success without personal dishon
 or; in which a career may be opened
 to men of honor and self-respect as well
 as to turn-coats and parasites. In
 short, a Commonwealth, the very oppo
 site of everything that this spurious
 Republic is, and the realization of ev
 erything that it pretends to be.
 CONGRESS.
 The action on the Wilmot Proviso,
 in its new form, was all that we have
 time to notice of the proceedings of the
 last Congress, although the able speech
 es of Mr. Calhoun and of Mr. Corwin,
 as expositions of the Pro-Slavery and
 the Anti-Sfevery points of view, in
 "looking at the facts and the possibilities
 of slave-extension, might-well demand
 a passing word. The speech of Mr.
 Corwin, in particular, was a masterty
 effort, which pfeced him in conspicuous
 position before tfie countnr, akin to thai
 which he occupies with his own State,
 and opened to ban a way to public con
 fidence and national distinction. Il
 need not be said that whatever was de
 manded to carry on our free-booting
 campaigns 'in Mexico was readily,
 though not unanimously, dispensed by
 the guardians of the public purse.
 The opening of the present Con
 gress was marked by an extraordinary
 event in oar Federal annals. For the
 fourth time, since Congress was, a
 Speaker has been chosen from Neu
 England. There being a small Whig
 majority, this became an object of am
 bition to the aspirants of that party.—
 For some reason the Southern Whigs
 consented to the nomination of a North
 ern man, only stipulating that his prin
 ciples should bear the Southern brand
 Though but a small minority of tin
 party, still they might have had a can
 didate of their own section of country,
 hod they held out to the compromising
 point. They wove satisfied, however,
 with having one of their own selection
 and, in shnsring Mr. Winthrap, the;
 elected one who had given them pfafeei
 of the trnth of his allegiance. Hit
 toast given in the Cradle of Liberty
 declaring that he would go for tfe
 **Union however bounded;” his van
 for the War BUI, with its lying pream
 hie; his unwillingness to have tfe
 Whig Party committed to the tumor
 of none hot a eenrirtrnt enemy or sin
 very; hit open defence of Iris jmbfe
 Ugbtfui unanimity on the part of South
 era end Northern Wfega was weU-nigl
 brought to notfeog hy the ceutuurncj
ROCHESTER, N. Y„ FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 184&amp;
i of two members of the party. Thrie
 wee the vole taken, and twice was i
 i defeated by the votes of Mr. Gadding*
 t of Okie, end of Mr. Palfrey, of Massa
 t chuaetts. And Mr. Winfbroj&gt;*s elec
 tion was finally only secured by th
 i vote of Mr. Levin, of Pennsylvania
 a Native American” member, ant
 by the withdrawal of Mr. Holmes
 a Nullifying Unionist from Sooth Caro
 I fern.
 The fetter gentleman, in a letter tt
 f the Charleston Mercury, explaining hi
 i course, says plainly, ‘‘The Southen
 t Whigs nominated Mr. Winthrop ii
 caucus, t» opposition to s majority q
 ike Northern Whig*, —because be bat
 f been successful in defeating the Wil
 mot Proviso in the Massachusetts Whi|
 Convention!” And he proceeds to ac
 knowledge that Mr. Winthrop hac
 “property constituted the Committees/
 excluding Messrs. Palfrey, Giddings,
 and Tuck from the important ones!
 This act on the part of Mr. GkkUogi
 and Mr. Palfrey was in the highest de
 gree honorable to them, inasmuch a*
 it showed that they believed in obliga
 tions roperior to those of party ties,
 and were ready to obey them, though
 a£ the ccat of party denunciation. The
 excitement which was produced by this
 act of insubordination, particularly with
 regard to Mr. Palfrey, and in his owe
 State, was intense. This gentleman
 who is honorably known to the aboli
 tionists and to the country, by his ma
 numission of his hereditary slaves,
 his activity in the Anti-Texas cam
 paign, and by his able papers on The
 Slave Power,” appeared in Congres*
 (hr the first time, and this was his first
 act. It was bad in itself. It was worse
 as a prognostic of what might remain
 behind. The Pro-Slavery Whigs ol
 his District, and of the neighboring me
 tropolis, who had done their best tc
 prevent his election, by refusing to sup
 port him, though the regular candidate,
 were full of wrath because he dared,
 in a case where he believed his owe
 consistency and honor, and the best in
 terests oi his constituents to be con
 cerned, to imitate their example. Hi*
 conduct, however, has received the
 unqualified approval of those whose
 approbation he would esteem an honor,
 and we believe will meet with the sanc
 tion of his constituents, should he ever
 appear again at their tribunal. He has
 auspicated his political career by an
 act of manhood, singular in this time
 serving generation, and we believe
 that his public conduct will be wortity
 of the augury that has marked it*
 opening.
 Mr. Calhoun, in the Senate, has de
 veloped the policy of tRe wiser sort o
 the slavcholding interest, in a resolu
 tion to the following effect: “That tc
 conquer Mexico, and to hold it eithei
 as a province, or to incorporate it inti
 the Union, would be inconsistent wit!
 the avowed object for which the wai
 has been prosecuted; a departure frerr
 the settled policy of the government;
 in conflict with its character and
 genius; and, in the end, subversive ol
 our free and popular institu
 tions.”
 But then he goes for taking a de
 fensive line that shall cover, ample ter
 ritory for indemnity And this is to be
 i the compromise, probably, on which
 the North will at last agree with hei
 masters. A compromise by which the
 I South is to be secured in the prcsenl
 possession of all she wants, with the
 moral and political certainty of having
 aH the rest for the asking!
 Fm Parker’« Letter oa Slavery.
 EFFECTS OF SLAVERY ON EDU
 CATION.
 [CONTI.NL'ED.]
 In 1810, there were at the various
 Colleges in the South, 7,106 pupils;
 and in the free States, 8,027. Here,
 too, the figures fail to indicate the act
 ual difference in the numbers of such
 as receive a superior education; foi
 the greater part of the eighty-seven
 Universities and Colleges” of the
 South are much inferior to the bet
 ter Academies and High Schools of the
 North.
 In the libraries of aH the Universitie*
 and Colleges of the South, there are
 2*23,416 volumes; in those of the
 Nr th, 503,807. The libraries of the
 J Theological schools qf the South con
 tain 22,800 volumes; those of the
 North, 102,060. The difference in the
 character and value of there volume*
 does not appear in the returns.
 In the stave States, there are 1,368,-
 325 free white children between the
 ages of five and twenty; in the free
 States, 3,536,680 such children. Is
 the slave States, at schools and col
 leges, there are 301,172 pupils; m the
 free States, 2,212,444 pupils, at school*
 or colleges. Thus, in the slave States,
 out of twenty-five free white children
 between five and twenty, there are not
 quite five at any school or college;
 while out of twenty-five such children
 in the free States, there are more than
 fifteen at school or college.
 Ia the slave States, of the free white
 population feat is over twenty years oi
 age, there is almost one-tenth part that
 are uamble to read and write; while is
 the free Stales there is n*t quite one a
 i one hundred and fifty-sis who is defi
 cient to that degree.
 Ia New England there hut feu
 years of ace, who are unable to rea 4
 and write; but many feceignere arrive
 there with ao education, aad thus swel
 the anatimr af the illiterate, and dinar
 i iah fee zppwrt ofha^fraeiii.
 f emigrants; IheitinesnnraaC the South
 ore States, therefore, feta he ascribe*
 to other ransss The Northern ami
 i who settle in the sfeveholsog Staton
 have perhaps about the average cal
t tore of the North, end wire thee that
 1 of the Sooth. The Sooth, therefore,
 fro
 toe iiortn loses.
 Antag the Northern Stetee, Coo
 -9 nectkot, end among the Soothers
 Stater, Sooth Carolina, are to a greet
 1 degree free from disturbing influences
 of this character. A comparison he
 tween the two will show the relative
 effects of the respective institutions of
 i the North and Sooth. In Connecticut,
 i there are 163,843 free persons over
 i twenty years of age; in South Caroli
 i aa, but 111,663. la Coaaecticut there
 f* are but 526 persons over twenty who
 I are unable to rend nod write; while in
 South Carolina there are 26,615 free
 white persons over twenty years of age
 unable to read and write, la South
 I Carolina, out of each 696 free whites,
 more than twenty years of age, there
 are more than 58 wholly ttaable to
 read or write oat of that number of
 i such persons in Connecticut, not quite
 two! More than the sixth part of the
 i adult freemen of South Carolina are
 unable to read the vote which will be
 deposited at the next election. It is
 but fair to infer that at least one-third
 i of the adults of South Carolina, if not
 t of much of the South, are unable to
 read and understand even a newspaper,
 i Indeed, in one of the slave States, this
 is n(4 a matter of mere inference, for
 in 1837. Gov. Clarke, of Kentucky, de
 clared, in his message to the Legisla
 ture, that one-third of the adoh popu
 lation were unable to write their
 names;” yet Kentucky has a scbooJ
 i fund,” valued at $1,921,819, while
 South Carolina has none.
 One sign of this want of abihy even
 i to read, in the slave States, is too stri
 f king to be passed by. The staple
 reading of the least cultivated Ameri
 cans is the newspapers, one of the
 lowest forms of literature, though one
 of the most powerful, read even by
 men who read nothing else. In the
 i slave States there are published but 377
 newspapers, and in the free, 1,135.
 These numbers do not express the en-1
 i tire difference in the case, for as a'
 general rule the circulation of thc
 Southern newspapers is 50 to 75 per!
 cent, less than that of the North. Sup-!
 pose, however, that each Southern
 newspaper has two-thirds the circula
 tion of a Northern journal, we have
 then but 225 newspapers for the slave
 States! The more valuable journals—
 the monthlies and quarterlies are
 published almost entirely in the free
 i States.
 The number of Churches, the nutn
 her and character of the clergy who
 labor for these churches, are other
 measures of the intellectual and moral
 condition of the people. The scientific
 character of the Southern clergy has
 been already touched on. Let us com
 pare the more external facts.
 In 1830, South Carolina had a popu
 lation of 581,185 souls; Connecticut,
 297,675. In 1836, South Carolina had
 364 ministers; Connecticut, 498.
 In 1834, there were in the slave
 States but 82,532 scholars in the Sunday
 schools; in the free States, 504,835:
 in the single State of New York,
 161,7C8.
 A cause which keeps 3,000,000 men
 in bondage in America and the nine
 teenth century, has more subtle iuflu-'
 cnccs than those just now considered, j
 It not only prevents the extension of
 education among the people, but affects,
 the doctrine taught them, even the
 doctrines taught in the name of God.
 Christianity is nominally the public re
 ligion of America; not of the Govern
 ment, which extends protection alike to
 all modes of worship, of the Indian,
 the Mormon, and the Jew, but of the
 people. I will not touch the doctrines
 of the sects, in which Christian differs
 1 from Christian, but come to what is;
 1 general among Christians— a part of
 the universal Religion implied also in
 Homan Nature itself. All sects, as,
 1 j such, theoretically agree that the most i
 ■j important practical doctrine of Chris
 [tianity, is love to men; to all men, of
 j all ages, races, and conditions. As the j
 Christian idea of God rises for above j
 the Heathen or Hebrew conception
 thereof, so the Christian's idea of man's
 relation to man far transcends the pop-,’
 ular notions of human duty which for- j
 merly bad prevailed. God is “our
 Father," the God of Love; Man is our
 Brother, whom we are bound to love as
 ourselves, and treat an we would be 1
 treated. Christian Piety, or Love of
 God, involves Christina Morality, or,
 Love ot Man.
 1 lay aside the peculiar theoretical
 ‘doctrines of the sects, that are preached
 i everywhere, and ask: Can the Chris
 tian relations of human Brotherhood,
 the Christian duty of Love to Men, be
 j practically preached in the slave States?.
 tisnity may ha preached, not its piety,
 not its morality, mot even its philosophy
 or k* history. If «aa bolaii atave* m J
 practice and justifies the deed in the
 ory, how eaa he address an audience,
 of i slaveholders and teach them the duty
 of loving ethers. as thcmaelvea? ife;
 I nor they consistently been.
 The doctrines of the public religion j
 are always amdified by national hah
 -1 its, history, instil atioas, and idea*.—
 Christianity, as taught m New Eao-j
 land, has modifications unknown *n
 Old England. The great national mmd
 i peujjj? ideas of Aarttiee-of winch j
 I truths of Christianity. We*begaa our'
 national career by dsrlsrieg att men
 horn with equal right* In such a peo
 pie ua might leek fe&gt;: a better sad mere
 I than in a nation which knows no un^
 T 3u**’ f*thc °rightT CI&gt;
t In tome lands, Monarchy, Amtocn
 cy, Prelacy, appear in Ike publi
 i teaching aa parts of Christianity. 1
 America il is not so. But it is tasgl
 that slavery is an ordinance of God,-
 i justified by Christianity. Thus as th
 t public religion is elsewhere made t
 i subserve the private purposes of king;
 Nobles, Priests—so here it is made t
 i prove the justice of bolding men i
 F bondage. There are no chains kk
 those wrought in tha name of God, an
 welded upon their victim by the teach
 era of Religion.
 Most of the churches in the Unite
 States exercise the power of excluding
 a man from their communion for sue!
 offences aa they see fit: for any un
 popular breach of the moral law—fo
 murder, robbery, theft, public drunken
 ness, seduction, licentiousness, for her
 esy. Even dancing is an offence fo
 which the church sometimes deal wit I
 their children. But, with the exceptioi
 of the Quakers and the United Bretb
 ren, no religious bodies in the Unite*
 States now regard slareholding oi
 slavedealing as an eccleastical offence
 Church members and clergymen an
 owners of slaves. Even churchci
 themselves in some instances have, ii
 their corporate capacity, been owner
 of men. In Turkey, wben a man be
 comes a Mahometan, he ceases to be i
 slave. But in America, a clergyrnai
 may own a member of his own church
 beat him, 9ell him, and grow rich oi
 the increase of his fcnikle slaves.”
 i Few productions of the Southen
 clergy find their way to the North.—
 Conspicuous among those few are ser
 mons in defence of slavery; attempt:
 to show that if Christ were now oi
 earth he might consistently hold proper
 ty in men!
 The teachings of the Southern pulpi
 become more and more favorable t&lt;
 slavery. Oppressed, America promul
 gated the Theory of Freedom; —free
 she established the Practice of Oppres
 sion. In 1780, the Methodist Episco
 pal Church declared, Slavery is con-
 I trary to the law of God,” and “hurtfu
 to society;” in 1781 it refused to admil
 slaveholders to its communion—passing
 a vote to exclude all such. But in 18&amp;:
 f the General Conference voted not tc
 interfere in the civil and political rela
 tions between master and slave,” and
 exhorted its ministers to abstain from
 all abolition movements. The General
 i Conference has since declared thai
 American slavery “is nota moral evil.’
 The Conference of South Carolina ho*
 i mode a similar declaration.
 i In 1791 the Presbyterian Churcl
 added a note to the eighth command
 went, bringing slavery under that pro
 i hibition, declaring it manstealing anc
 a sin. Yet, though often entreated, ii
 did not excommunicate for that offence
 In 1816, by a public decree, the note
 was erased. Numerous Presbyleric?
 and Synods have passed resolutions like
 these: Slavery is not opposed to the
 j will of God;” “It is compatible witli
 the most fraternal regard to the best
 i good of those servants whom God ma)
 j have committed to our charge.” Even
 the Catholic Church in the United
 States forms no exception to the gencr
 jal rule. The late lamented Dr. Eng
 land, the Catholic Bishop of Charles
 j ton, South Carolina, undertook in pub
 lic to prove that the Catholic Church
 bad always been the uncompromising
 friend of slaveholding, not defending
 I the slaves' Right, but the usurped
 j Privilege of the masters. What a dif
 ference between the present Chris
 tian Pope of Rome, and the Bishop of
 a Democratic State in a Christian Re
 public!
 It has been currently taught in the
 most popular churches of the land, that
 slavery is a Christian institution,”
 sustained by the Apostles, and sanc
 tioned by Christ himself. None of the
 1 theological parties have been so little
 connected with slavery as the Unitari
 ana—perhaps from tbe smallness of the
 sect itself, and its Northern latitude—
 but for years one of its vice-presidents
 was a slaveholder.
 While the Southern Churches teach
 that slavery is Christian, the Northern
 join in the belief. Here and there a
 few voices in the North have been lifted
 up against it; seldom an eminent voice
 in aa eminent place, then to be met
 1 with obloquy and shame. Almost all
 the churches ia the land seem joined in
 opposing such as draw public attention
 to the fact that a Christian Republic
 j holds millions of men in bondage. Not
 long since a clergyman of the South,
 I who boasted that he owned thirty
 slaves, aad “would wade knee-deep in
 1 blood” to defend hie right to them, was
 received by the Northern Churches,
 and as himself has said, invited on
 every hand to pulpits,” with no rebuke,
 hut only welcome from the large and
 powerful denomination to which be be
 longed. He returned, as he says,
 leaving the hot-beds of abolitionism,
 without having been once toiled. God
 be praised for sustaining me. I rive
 Him all the glory, for without him lam
 nothing.” Even in Beaton, there is a
 church of the same denomination, in
 which no colored man is allowed to
 purchase a seat. Colored men at the
 North are excluded from colleges and
 high schools, from theological semina
 ries aad from respectable churches—
 tavern from the Town Hall aad the BaJ
 •ht Doctrines and outward deeds are
 I Wli ck
 I The sons of the Nerth, when they
 1 fettle the Snath, as amrehaats, isin
 irters, lawyers, planters, when they
 J stand in the Congress of the nation,
 whoa they fill important offices ia the
 federal government what testimony
 do they hear to the declaration that
 I “aft men are created free aad equal?”
 If should blush to refresh your memo
 ries with Northern shame.
tmui C. NELL, rnuvu.
 wn&gt; niimi
WHOLE NO—XII.
If the clergy find slavery ‘for darned”
 in the Bible, and e»tablt»Hed iiimarsl
 ,he Christian msmu lions.” did net
 U.e laymen first find it in the Bible of
 Rousseau? Important men at the South
 bate taught that shivery ia a moral
 and humane matitetion, productive of
 the greatest political and social advan
 tage*;” the corner alone ol our re
 publican edifice:” Iti»the meet uum
 and stable edifice for free inatitutiona m
 the world.” The doctrine that all
 men are created equal” ia rights ia de
 clared ridiculously absurd.” Demo
 cratic Mr. Calhouu declares that where
 common labor is perfot racd by men&gt;
 bers of the political community, a dan
 gerous element is obviously introduced
 into the body politic.” A pagan had
 taught it 2,000 years before.
 Thus powerful is the influence of sla
 very in its action on the intellectual,
 moral and religious development of the
 people at the South; thus subtly dees
 it steal upon the North. As one of
 your most illustrious citizens, old but
 not idle, has said, the Spirit of Slavery
 has crept into the philosophical chairs
 of the schools. Its cloven foot has as
 cended the pulpits of the churches.—
 Professors of Colleges teach it as a les
 son of morals; ministers of the gospel
 seek and profess to find sanctions for it
 in the W ord of God.”
 The effect of slavery on the industri
 al, numerical, intellectual and moral
 developments of the people, may be
 best shown by a comparison of the con
 dition of the two largest States, one
 slave, the other free. Virginia con
 tains more than &lt;&gt;4,04)0 square mites, or
 13,370 more than England. The cli
 mate is delightful. The State is inter
 sected by the finest Bay in the
 world;” watered by long and abundant
 rivers, thus inviting navigation, and
 allowing numerous and easy communi
 cations with the interior; that waiting
 to turn the wheels of the manufacturer,
 to weave and spin. The soil is rich in
 minerals, iron, lead and limestone aro
 abundant. Nitre is found in her cav
 erns. Salt abounds on the Great Kc
 nawba and the Holston. Fields of coal,
 anthracite and bituminous, are nume
 rous, rich, and of easy acres*. The
 soil is fertile, the sky genial, the sir
 salubrious. She is the oldest State in
 the Union; long the most important in
 wealth, population and political power.
 The noble array of talent und virtue
 found there in the last century, has al
 ready been mentioned. Abundantly
 blessed with bays, harbors, rivers,
 mines, no State in the Union had such
 natural advantages as Virginia in 1790.
 New York has 411,000 square miles,
 and was settled somewhat lider than
 Virginia, and under circumstances less
 propitious. Numerous causes retarded
 her growth before the Revolution.—
 Though favored with an excellent har
 bor, she has hut one natural channel of
 communication with the interior. In
 1790 Virginia contained 748,318 in
 habitants; New Vork but 310,120. In
 1810 Virginia had 1,239,707; New
 York 2,42d,921, und in 1 *l5, 2,004,-
 495. In fifty years Virginia hud not
 doubled her population, while New
 York had increased more than four
 fold. In 1700 Virginia had more than
 eleven inhabitants to each square mile,
 and New York not quite eight; but in
 1840, Virginia hud only nineteen, and
 New York fifty-three persons to the
 square mile. In 1798, the houses and
 lands of Virginia were valued at
 $71,225,127, those of New York at
 $100,380,707; in 1839 the real estate
 in Virginia was worth but £211,930,-
 538, while that of New Vork had in
 creased to $130,751,273. In 1810, tbo
 annual earnings of Virginia tiers
 $79,700,032; of New York, $193,-
 800,433. The population of N. York
 is not quite double that of Virginia,
 but her annual earning nearly three
 times as great. In 1810, at her various
 colleges and schools, Virginia had
 57,302 scholars, and also 58,787 adult
 free whites unable to read and write—
 -1,484 more than the entire number of
 her children at school or college. New
 York had 44,452 illueiate adults, and
 505,442 children at school or college.
 Besides that, in Virginia there were
 418,987 slaves, with no literary culture
 at all,shutout from communication with
 the intelligence of the age. la 1844,
 in New York, 709,150 children, be
 tween four and sixteen, attended the
 common public schools of the State,
 and the common school libraries con
 tained over a million of volumes; while
 in Virginia there were over 100,000
 free white children between four and
 sixteen, who attended no school at aJJ,
 perpetual vagrants from learning, year
 out and year in. Shall it always be sc t
 The effect follows the cause. A man
 loses half his manhood by slavery, say#
 Homer, and it is as true of a State as
 a man.
 Jrstic* to Suvm. —We are pleased
 In note the following instance of justice
 which took place in the Kentucky legis
 lature. Mr. George T. Edward*, of
 Imogen ssmty, sent a petition to the
 Legislature setting forth that he and
 his mother bad owned a fern-tie slave,
 whom they manumitted; that afterwards
 she became the owner of a small tract
 of Sand; that she lias since died? and
 that she desired her land t« go to her
 two children who aro ytt slaves. By
 the law they eaaaot inherit, and tho
 land escheat* to the State. The peti
 t toner therefore asked a special enact
 ment vesting the »**Je in him for tho
 benefit of these two slave children. Tho
 committee Iht Senate to whom the
 petition referred reported against
 it; but the attention of the members
 haring been called to the (acta in the
 case, the rtwd was promptly dtmeaicd
 for m. and the committee instructed to
 report a bill according to the prayer of
 tha pditteaer. —Cmcunmti &amp;Ut.
"
