"the NORTH STAR.
I ROCHESTER, MARCH 22, 1850.
Tar North Star is sometimes *ent to friend*
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 may tee fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions and
 donations for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederics Douglass, Rochester,
 N.Y.
 09*Wakted Several Travellibg Agebts,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to FRED
 ERICK Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
 We cheerfully yield our entire apace this
 week to the publication of the very able and
 manly apeech of Gov. Seward. We make
 oo apology for pursuing this course, being
 sore that it would be impossible for us to
 preaent our readers with anything more im
 portant or interesting upon the great and all
 absorbing question of the dsy.—r. d.
 Got* Seward's Speech oh the Slavery
 Question,
 Delivered in the United States Senate, Mar. 11.
 Mr. Seward haying the floor, rose and
 said:
 Mr. President: Four years ago, California
 •caTeely inhabited, and quite unexplored, wa:
 unknown even to our usually immoderate de
 sires, except by a harbor, capacious and tran
 quit, which only statesmen then foresaw
 would be useful in the Oriental commerce oi
 a far distant, if not merely chimerical future
 A year ago, California was merely a mill
 tary dependency of ou? own, and we wen
 celebrating with enthusiasm and unanimity
 its acquisition, with its newly discoveied, bu
 yet untold and untouched mineral wealth; at
 the most auspicious of many and unparaller
 achievements.
 To-day, California is a State, more popu
 lous than the least, and richer than several o
 the greatest of our thirty States. The sami
 California, thus rich and populous, is heri
 asking admission into the Union, and finds u
 debating the dissolution of the Union itself
 No wonder if we are perplexed with ever
 changing embarrassments; no wonder if w
 are appalled by ever-increasing responsib:
 lilies! No wonder if we are bewildered b
 the ever-augmenting magnitude and rapidit
 of national vicissitudes!
 SHALL CALIFORNIA BE RECEIVED 1
 For myself, upon my individual judgmei
 and conscience, I answer. Yes For mysel
 as an instructed Representatives of one of th
 States—of that one, even, of the Statei
 which is soonest and longest to he presse
 into commercial and political rivalry by th
 new Commonwealth, 1 answer, Yes! Lt
 California come in. Everv new State, whe
 ther she comes from the or from th
 west, coming from whatever part of the cor
 tinent she may, is always welcome. Bu
 California, that comes from the clime wher
 the West dies away into the rising East-
 Caiifornia, which bounds at once the Ernpii
 and the Continent—California, the youthfi
 Queen of the Pacific, in her robes of Free
 dom, gorgeously inlaid with gold, is doubl
 welcome.
 And now I inquire, First, Why shoul
 California be rejected t All the objections ar
 founded only in the circumstances of he
 coming, and in the organic law which sh
 piesenls for our confirmation.
 First, California comes unceremoniously
 without a preliminary consent of Congress
 and therefore by usurpation. This allega
 tion, I think is not quite true—at lea.*
 not quite true in spirit. California is nc
 here of her own pure volition. We tor
 California violently from her place in th
 confederation of Mexican States, flhd stipu
 lated by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgi
 that the territory should be admitted by State
 into the American Union, as speedily as po;
 aible.
 But the letter of the objection still hold:
 California did come without a preliminar
 eonsent by Congress to form a Constitution
 But Michigan and other States presente
 themselves in the same unauthorized way
 and Congress waived the irregularity, an
 sanctioned the usurpation. California plead
 these precedents. Is not the plea sufficient!
 But it has been said by the honorabli
 Senator from South Carolina, (Mr. Calhou
 that the ordinance of 1787 secured to Michi
 gan the right to become a State, when sh&lt;
 should have sixty thousand inhabitants. Ow
 jng to some neglect. Congress delayed to tak&lt;
 the census and this is said in palliation o
 the case of Michigan. But California, a
 has been seen, had a treaty, and Congress
 instead of giving previous consent, and in
 stead of giving her the accustomed territoria
 government, as they did to Michigan, failei
 to do either, an! thus practically refused both
 and so abandoned the new community, unde
 most unpropitious circumstances, to anarchy
 California then made a Constitution for her
 self, but not unnecessarily and presumptuous
 ly, as Michigan did. She made a Constitu
 tton for herself, and came here under the lav
 —the paramount law of self-preservation,
 thiok she stands justified.
 Indeed, California is more than justified
 She was a colony —a military colony. A 1
 colonies, especially military colonies, are in
 congruous with our political system, and the)
 are equally open to corruption, and exposer
 to oppression. They are, therefore, not more
 unfortunate iu their own proper condition
 than fruitful in dangers to the parent Demo
 cracy. California, then, acted well and
 wisely in establishing self-government. She
 deserves not rebuke, but praise and approba
 tion.
 Nor does this' objection come with good
 grace from those who offer it. If California
 were now content to receive only a Territoria!
 Charter, we could not agree to grant it, with
 out an inhibition of Slavery, which in that
 case, being a federal act of federal authority,
 would render the attitude of California, as a
 Territory, even more offensive to those whe
 bow repel her, than she is as a State, with
 the same inhibition in the Constitution of hei
 own voluntary choice.
 The second objection is, that California has
 assigned her own boundaries, without the
 previous authority of Congress. But she
 was left to organize heiaelf, without any
 boundaries fixed by previous law or by pre
 scription. She was obliged, tbeiefore, tc
 assume boundaries, since without boundaries
 ahe must have remained unorganized.
 A third objection is, that California is too
 large. 1 answer first, there is no common
 standard of the size of States. California,
 though greater than many, is less than one
 of the States. Second, Califordta, if too
 large, may be divided with her own consent,
 and that is all the security we have fur re
 ducing the magnitude, and averting the pre
 ponderance of Texas. Thirdly, the bound
 aries of California seem not at all unnatural.
 The territory circumscribed is altogether con
 tiguous and compact. Fourth, the bound
 aries are convenient. They embrace only
 inhibited portions of the country, connected
 with the port of San Francisco. No one has
 pretended to offer boundaries more in hai
 mo»y with the physical outlines of the re*
 gioo concerned, or more convenient for civil
 admission.
 But to d»w closer to the question. What
 shall bo the boandaritw of s new State, con
 cerns first, the Slate herself (and California
 of course is content.) Seeoodly, adjacent
 potmnumues. Oregon does not complain of
 sod there is no o her adjacent
 ootmuuu*' T c&lt;Ma pl*in, Thirdly, the other
 States in die P n Th* larger the Pmc£C
 States, the smaii^. r wiu relative
 power in the Senate. r". States now
 Mrs, are Atlantic States ana Sttu*
and aurelv they may wall indulge California
 in the largest liberty of boundaries.-
 Thefouith objection to the admission of
 California, is, that no previous census had
 been taken, and no laws prescribing the qua
 lification of suffrage, and the apporuontnen
 of Representatives in Convention, existed.
 I answer California was left to act ah tmtio.
 She must begin sometime without s census,
 and without such laws. Ths Pilgrim fa
 thers began in the same way on board the
 Mayflower; and since it ia objected that some
 of the electors of California may have been
 aliens, I add that all the Pilgrim Fatheta
 were aliens and strangers to the Common
 wealth of Plymouth.
 Again, the objection may well be received
 if the Constitution of California is satisfac
 tory—first, to herself, and secondly to the
 United Slates. As regards the first of these
 not a murmur of discontent baa followed
 California to this pbce; and as to ourselves,
 we confine our inquiries about the Constitu
 tion with a view to four things First, the
 boundaries assumed; and I have considered
 that point in this case already. Second,
 that the domain in this State ia secured
 to ua; and it ia admitted that this has
 been done—properly done. Third, that the
 Constitution should be republican, and not
 aristocratic or monarchical. In this case, the
 only objection is, that the Constitution, inas
 much as it inhibits Slavery, is altogether too
 republican. Fourth, that the Representation
 claimed shall be just and equal. No one I
 denies that the population of California is
 sufficient to demaod two Representatives on
 the Federal basis; and, secondly, a new
 census is at hand, and the error, if there be
 one, will be immediately corrected.
 The fifth objection ia, that California comes
 under Executive influences —first, in her
 coming as a Free State, and second in her
 coming at all’ The first charge rests on sus
 picion only—is peremptorily denied, and the
 denial is not controverted by proofs. 1 dis
 miss it altogether. The second is true to the
 extent that the present President advised the
 People of California that, having been left
 without any civil government, under the mil
 itary government of the Executive, without
 any authority of law whatever, the adoption
 of a Constitution subject to the approval of
 Congress, would be regarded favoiably by
 the President.
 Only ft year ago, it was complained, that
 the exercise of the militsry power to main
 tain law and order in California, was a feaiful
 innovation; but now the wind has changed,
 and blows even stronger from the opposite
 quarter. May this Republic never have a
 President commit a more serious or more dan
 gerous usurpation of power, than the act ol
 the present eminent Chief Magistrate in en
 deavoring to induce the legislative authorities
 to relieve him from the exercise of military
 power, by establishing civil instituuons regu
 lated by law, in distant provinces. Rome
 would have been standing this day, if she had
 had such generals and such magistrates.
 But the objection, whether true in part or
 even in the whole, is immaterial. The ques
 tion is not what moved California to impress
 any particular feature on her Constitution,
 nor even what induced her to adopt a Consti
 tution at all; but it is whether since she has
 adopted a Constitution, she shall be admit
 ted into the Union.
 I have now reviewed all the objections
 raised against the admission of California. Ii
 is seen that they have no foundation in law
 of nature and of nations. Nor are they found
 in the Constitution for it prescribes no four
 or manner of ptoceeding in the admission ol
 new Stales, but leaves the whole to the dis
 cretion of Congress. “Congress may admit
 new States.” The objections are all merel)
 formal and technical. They rest on precedent!
 which have not always, nor even generallj
 been observed.
 But it is said that we ought now to estab
 lish a safe precedent for the future; I anewei
 it is too late to Beize this occasion for tha&lt;
 purpose, the irregularity complained of being
 unfavorable. The caution should have beer
 exercised, first when Texas was annexed
 second, when we waged war against Mexico
 third, when we ratified the Treaty of Gauda
 lupe Hidalgo. Again: we may establish pie
 cedents at pleasure. Our successors will ex
 ercise their pleasure about lollowing them
 just as we have done in such caves. Third
 States, Nations and Empires are apt to be pe
 culiarly capricious, nut only as to the time
 but even as to the manner of their being bou
 and as to their subsequent political changes
 They are not accustomed to conform to pre
 cedents. California sprung from the bead o
 the nation; not only complete in proportion!
 and fully armed, but ripe for affiliation with m
 members.
 I proceed now to state my reasons for the
 opinion that California ought to be admitted.
 The population of the United States consisti
 of natives of Caucasian origin, and Exotics ol
 the same derivation. The Native mass rap
 idly assimilates to itself and absorbs the Exo
 tic, and those therefore constitute one homo
 genous people. The African race, bond and
 free, and the Aborigines, savage and civili
 zed, being incapable of such assimiliation
 and absorption, remain distinct, and owing to
 their peculiar condition constitute inferior
 masses, and may be regarded as accidental,
 if not disturbing political forces.
 The ruling homogenous family was planted
 at first on the Atlantic Shore, and following
 an obvious law it seems continually and rap
 idly spreading itself westward year by year,
 subduing the wildernesses and the prairie,
 and thus extending this gieat political com
 munity, which as fast as it advances, breaks
 into distinct States for municipal purposes
 only, while; the whole constitutes one entire
 compact nation.
 Well established rules of political arithme
 tic enable us to say that the aggregate popu
 lation of the nation now is 22 millions, that
 10 yeais hence it wili be 30 millions, 20 years
 hence 38 millions, 30 years hence 50 millions
 40 years hence 64 millions, 50 years hence
 80 millions, and 100 years hence 200 millions!
 But the advance of population on the Pacific
 will far exceed what occurred on the Atlantic
 Coast, while Emigration even here is out
 stripping the calculation on which these eati
 tidies are based. There are silver and gold
 in the Mountains and Ravines of California.
 The Granite of New Eugland is barren.
 Allowing due consideration to the increas
 ing density of the population, we are safe in
 assuming that long before this mass shall
 havv attained the maximum of numbers indi
 cated, the entire width of our potsession,from
 the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean, will be
 covered by it and be brought into social matu
 rity and complete political organization.
 The question now arises, shall this one
 great People, have common origin, s com
 mon language, a common religion, common
 sentiment, interests, sympathies snd hopes,
 remaining one political State, one Nation,
 one Republic! or shall it be broken in two
 conflicting snd probably hostile Nations or
 Republics? There cannot ultimately be
 more than two; for the habit of association is
 already formed, as the interests of mutual in
 tercourse are forming and the centtal portions
 if they cannot command aoceas to both Oceans
 will not be obstructed in their approach to
 that one which offers the greatest facilities to
 their Commerce.
 Shall the American people then be divided?
 Before deciding on this question, let us con
 sider our position, our powsr and capabilities.
 The world contains no seat of Empire so
 magnificent as this, which while it embraces
 all the varying climates of the temperate
 zone, and w traversed by wide expanding
 Lakes and long branching Rivete, offers sup
 plies on the Atlantic ahore to the overcrowd
 ed nations of Europe, while on the Pacific
 coast it intersects the commerce of the Indies.
 The nation thus situated, and enjoying Cr
 ests, mineral and agricultural tecources ms
 equalled, if they are endowed also with mor
 al energies adequate to the achievement of
 tr teat enter prises, sod favored with aGo veto
 -r* 1 *S“ dir
 must command Jr 'r*.
 which slime ii nal Empire, J,
we may claim to have inherited physical and
 intellectaa] vigor, courage, invention and en
 terprise, and the systems of Edoeation pre
 vailing among us open to all the Mores of hu
 man science and art.
 The Old World and the Past, were allotted
 by Providence to the pupilage of mankind, so
 rter the violence of human passion. The
 New World and the Future seems to have
 been appointed for the maturity of mankind
 with the develepment of self government,
 opening to reason and judgement. We have
 tried our mortal systems of Democratic Fede
 ral Government with its complex yet harmo
 nious and effective combinations of distinct lo
 cal elective agencies lor the conduct of do
 mestic affairs, and its common central elec
 tive agencies for the regulation of internal in
 terest*, and of intercourse with foreign na
 trons, and we know that it is a system, equal
 ly cohesive in its parts and capable of all de
 siring expansion; and that it it is a system,
 moreover perfectly adapted to secure domes
 tic tranquility, while it brings into action all
 the elements of national aggrandizement.
 *The Atlantic States, through their com
 mercial, social and political affinities and
 sympathies, are steadily renovating the
 Governments and the Social Constitutions of
 Europe and of Africa. The Pacific States
 must necessarily perform the same sublime
 and beneficent functions in Asia. If, then
 the American people shall remain one indivi
 dual nation, the ripening civilization of the
 West, after a separation growing wider fur
 4,000 years, will in its circuit of the world,
 meet again and mingle with the declining
 civilization of the East, on our free soil, and
 a new and more perfect civilization will arise
 to bless the earth, under the sway of our ow'd
 cherished and beneficent democratic institu
 tions. We may then reasonably hope for
 Greatness, Felicity and Renown excelling
 any hitherto attained bv any nation, if stand
 ing firmly on the Continent we loose not our
 grasp on the shore of either ocean. Whe
 ther a destiny so magnificent would be only
 partially defeated or whether it would be al
 together lost by a relaxation of that grasp it
 passes our wisdom to determinate, and hap
 pily is not important to be determined. It is
 enough if we agree that expectations so
 grand yet so reasonable and so just, ought
 not to be in any degree disappointed.
 And now it seems to me that the perpetu
 al unity of our Empire hangs on the decision
 of this dav and of this hour. California is
 already a State—a complete and fully ap
 pointed State—She never again can be less
 than that. She can never again be a Pro
 vince or a Colony. Nor can she be made to
 shrink and shrive) into the proportions of a
 f Federal dependent territory. California then
 henceforth and forever, must be what she it
 now—a State. The question, whether sh*
 shall be one of the United States of America,
 has depended on her and on us. Her elec
 tion has been made.—Our consent alone re
 mains suspended, and that consent must be
 pronounced now or never. I aay now or nev
 er! Nothing prevents it now but want ol
 agreement among ourselves. Our harmony
 cannot inciease while this question remain;
 open. We shall never agree to admit Cali
 fornia unless we agree now.
 Nor will California abide delay. I do not
 say that she contemplates independence; but
 she does not anticipate rejection. Do yoti
 say that she can have no motive! Consider
 then, her attitude if rejected. She needs i
 Capital, a Legislature and Magistrates; eh;
 needs titles to that golden domain of oun
 within her borders, good titles, too, and yoc
 must give them on your own terms, or sh;
 must take them without vour leave. Sh;
 needs a Mint, a Custom House, Wharves
 Hospitals, and Institutions of Learning
 She needs fortifications,roads and railroads
 She needs the protection of an army and i
 navy. Eithci your stars and stripes niusi
 wave over her ports and her fleets, or slu
 must raise aloft a standard for herself. Sh;
 needs at least to know whether you ar;
 fiiends or enemies. And Anally, she needi
 what no Ameiican community can live with
 out —sovereignty and independence—either i
 just and equal share of yours, or
 and independence of her own.
 Will you say that California could not ag
 grandize herself by separation? Would i
 then be a mean ambition tb set up within fifty
 years, on the Pacific coast, monuments liki
 those which we think 200 years have beei
 well spent in establishing on the Atlantii
 i coast? Will you say that California has nt
 ability to become independent? She has thi
 same moral ability for enterprise that inherei
 in us, and that ability implies command of at
 i physicel means. She has advantages ofpo
 i sitton; she is practically further removed fron
 you than England. You cannot reach he
 by railioad or by unbroken steamboat naviga
 tion. You can send no armies over the Prai
 rie, the Mountain and the Desert; nor acroei
 the remote and narrow Isthmus, without t
 foreign jurisdiction; nor around the Cape o
 Storms. You may send a navy there, bu
 she has ooly to open her Mines and she car
 reduce your marine and appropriate youi
 floating bulwarks to her own defence. Le
 her only seize your domain within her bor
 ders, and your commerce in her port, and sh;
 will have at once revenue and credit ade
 qaate to all her necessities. Beside, are wt
 so moderate and has the world become so jus
 that we have no rivals and no enemies to len&lt;
 their sympathies and aid to compass the dis
 memberment of our Empire? Try not tht
 temper or the fidelity of California, at leas
 not now, not yet. Cherish her and indulg;
 her till you have extended your settlement;
 to her borders aud bound her fast by railroads
 canals and telegraphs to your interests; unti
 her affinities of intercourse are established anc
 habits of loyalty are fixed, and then she cat
 never be disengaged.
 California would not go alone; Oregon, s;
 intimately allied to her, and as yet so loose])
 attached to us, will go also; and then, ai
 least the entire Pacific coast, with the wea
 tern declivity of the Sierra Nevada would be
 lost. It would not depend at all on us, not
 even on tbe mere forbearance of California,
 how far eastward the long line across the
 temperate zone should be drawn which should
 separate the Republic of the Pacific from the
 Republic of tho Atlantic. Terminus haa
 passed awsy with all the deities of the anci
 ent Pantheon, but hie scepter remains,
 Commerce is the God of Boundaries, and nc
 man now living can foretell his ultimata de
 cree.
 But it is insisted that the admission ol
 California shall be attended by a Compro
 mise of questions which have arisen out ol
 Slavery. I am opposed to any such Com
 promise, in any and all the forms in which it
 has been proposed. First: because while
 admitting the purity and the patroitism of all
 from whom it it is my misfortune to differ, I
 think all Legislative Compromises essentially
 and radically wrong and indefensible. They
 involve the surrender of the exercise of judge
 ment and conscience on distinct and separate
 questions at distinct and separate times, with
 the indispensable advantages it affords foi
 ascertaining truth. They involve a relin
 quishment of tbe tight to reconsider in Fu
 ture the decisions of the Present on question;
 prematurely antioipated, and they are an us
 urpation, as to future questions of the pro
 vince of future legislators.
 Sir, it seems to me as if Slavery had laid
 its paralysing hand upon myself, tnl the
 blood were coursing leas fteely than it wonl
 through my veins, when I endeavor to sup
 pose that such a Compromise has been effect
 ed, and my utterance forever is arrested upon
 \l! the great questions, social, moral and po
 litical, arising oat of a subject so important
 and as yet so incomprehensible. What am 1
 to receive in this compromise? Freedom in
 California? It is well, It is e noble acquisi
 tion. But what am I to give up as on equiva
 lent! A recognition of the claim to perpetu
 ate Slavery tn the District of Colombia! For
 bearance toward more stringent laws con
 cerning the arrest of persons suspected of be
 ing Slaves, found in tbe Free Stales! For
 uea&lt;anoe from the Provjeo of Freedom, in the
 chtneis of new Tm {foot of the
pUn* of Compromise ofierod, demand less than
 two, and most of them insist on ail of these
 conditions. The equivalent then is, some
 portion of Liberty, some portion of Homan
 Rights io one region, for Liberty in another
 region. Bot California brings gold and com
 merce as well as Freedom. I am then io sur
 render some portion of Human Freedom in the
 District of Colombia, in East California and
 New Mexico for the mixed consideration of
 Liberty, Gold and Power of the Pacific Coast!
 This view of Legislative Compromises is
 not new. It has widely prevailed, and many
 of the State Constitution* interdict the intro
 duction of more than one subject into one bill
 submitted for legislative action.
 Sir,lt was of such Compromises that Burke
 said, in one of the loftiest bursts of even hiß
 majestic Psrlimentary eloquence:
 “Far, fat from the Commons' of Great
 Britain, be all manner or real vice; but ten
 thousand timet further from them, as far as
 from pole to pole, be the whole tribe of apu
 rious, affected, counterfeit and hypocritical
 virtues. These are the things which are ten
 thousand times mote at war with real duty
 than any vice known by its name, and distin
 guished by ita proper character.
 “Far, far from ua be that false and affectad
 Candor that is eternally in treaty with Crime
 —that half virtue which, like the ambiguous
 animal that plays about in the twilight of a
 compromise between day and night, is to a
 just man’s eye an odious and disgusting
 thing. There is no middle point, my Lords,
 in which the Commons of Great Biitain can
 meet tyranny and oppression.”
 But, sir, could 1 overcome my repugnance
 to Compromise in general, I should object to
 this on the ground of the inequality and in
 congruity of the interests lo be compromised.
 Why, sir, according to the views I have sub
 mitted, California ought to come in and must
 come in whether Slavery stands or falls in
 the District of Columbia—whether Slavety
 stands or falls in New Mexico and Eastern
 California—and even whether Slavery stands
 oi falls in the Slave States—California ought
 to come in and must come in at all events.
 It is an independent question. What then
 are these questions arising out of Slavery
 thus interposed,but collateral questions! They
 are unnecessary and incongruous, and there
 fore false issues, not introduced designedly,
 indeed, to defend that great policy, yet una
 voidably tending to the end.
 jfc But consent on my part to the Compromise
 would be disingenuous and fraudulent. It ii
 now avowed b&gt; the Hon. Senator from South
 Catolina (Mr. Calhoun) that nothing will
 'satisfy the Slave States but a Compromise
 that will convince them that they can remain
 in the Union consistently with their honoi
 and safety. And what arc the concession!
 which will have the effect! Here they are in
 the words of the Senator:
 “The’North must do justice by concding
 to the South an equal right in the acquired
 Territory, and do her duty by causing the
 stipulations relative to fugitive slaves to b*
 faithfully fulfilled; cease the agitation of the
 slave question, and provide for the insertion
 of a provision in the Constitution, by an a
 mendment, which will restore to the South
 in substance, the power she possessed of pro
 tecting herself before the equilibrium betweer
 the sections was destroyed by the action o
 this Government.”
 These terms amount to this—that the Fret
 States, having already a majority of popula
 tion, aid majorities in both Houses of Con
 gress, shall concede to the Stave States, be
 mg in a minority in both, the unequal advan
 lage of as equality—that is, we shall altei
 the Constitution so as to convert the Govern
 ment from a National Democracy, controller
 bv a Cnnstnutional majority of voices, into i
 Federal Alliance, in which the minority shal
 have a veto against the majority! and thus t&lt;
 return to tha original articles of Confedera
 tion.
 I will not stop to protest against the injus
 lice and inexpediency of an innovation which
 if it were practicable, would be so entire!}
 subversive of the principle of Democratic in
 stitqtions. It is enough to say that it is to
 tally inpracticable. The Free States, North
 ern and Western, have acquiesced io the huq
 and nearly unbroken ascendancy of the Slavi
 States under the Constitution. But the}
 have honor and interests to preserve, am
 there is, nothing in the nature or in the char
 acier- of the people to induce an expectaior
 that they, loyal as they are, are insensible U
 (he duty of defending them.
 But the scheme would still be impractic
 able, if even this di ficulty were overcome
 What is proposed is a political equilibrium
 Every political equilibrum requires a physica
 eqailibrum to rest upon, and is valuelesi
 without it. To constitute a physical equil
 ibrim between the Slave States and the Fret
 States required first,an equality of temtoryjoi
 some near approximation, and thia is alread)
 I lost. But it requires much more than this
 It requires an equality in the number ofslave)
 and freemen, and this must be perpetual.
 But the census of 1840 gives a slave basis
 ot only two millions and a half, and a free
 basis of fourteen millions and a half. The
 population on the slave basis increases in the
 ratio of 25 per cent for ten years, while that
 on the free basis advances at the rate of 38
 per cent. The accelerating movement of the
 free population now complained of, will occu
 i py the new Territory with pioneers, and
 i every day increase the difficulty of forcing
 and insinuating slavery into regions which
 freeman have pie-occupied. And if this
 were possible, the African Slave Trade ia
 prohibited, and the domestic increase ia not
 sufficient to supply the new Slave States
 which are expected to maintain the equil
 ibrunrr
 The theory of a new political equilibrium
 claima that it once existed and has been lost.
 When lost, and how! It began to be lost in
 1787, when preliminary arrangements were
 made to admit five new States in the North
 west Territory, two years before the Consti
 tion was finally adopted:—that is, it began
 to be lost two years before it began to exist!
 Sib: The equilibrium if restored, would be
 lost more rapidly than it was before. The
 progress of the free population ia to be acceler
 ated by emigration from Europe and Asia,
 while that of the slaves is to be cheeked and
 retarded by inevitable partial emancipation.
 Nothing, says Montesquieu, reduces a man
 so low as alwsys to see freemen, and yet
 uot be free. Persons in that condition are na
 tural enemies of the State, and their num
 bers would be dangerous if increased too high!
 Sir, the fugitive alsve Colonies in the Free
 State, in Canada and Liberia, are the beat
 guarantees South Corolina has for the perpe
 tuity o( slavery.
 Nor would success attend any of the details
 of the Compromise. And first I advert to
 the amendment of the law concerning fugitives
 from service or labor. The Constitution con
 tains only a compact which rests tor its exe
 cution on the Statu—Not content wiih this,
 the Slave States induced legislation by Coo-
 Sress; and the Supreme Court of the United
 tales have virtually decided that the whole
 subject ia within the provinee of Congress,
 and exclusive of State authority. Nay, they
 have decided that slave* are to be regarded
 not merely as persons to be claimed, but ss
 property and chattels to be seized without any
 legal authority or claim whatever.
 The compact ia thus subverted by the pro
 curement of the Slave States; with what rea
 son, then, can they expect the States ex gra
 tia to re-asaume the obligation from which
 they caused those Statu to be diaehaiged!
 I say, then, to the Slave Statu, you are en
 titled to no more stringent law, sod such a
 dm would be useless. The cause of the in
 sufficiency of the present statute, is not at all
 the leniency of its provisions. It i* a law
 that deprives the alleged refugee from a legal
 obligation pot assumed by him, but imposed
 upon him by law* enacted before he was born,
 of the writ of habtas corpus ,and of any certain
 judical process of examination of :he claim
 ret up by his pursuer,and finally degrades him
 into a chat tie, which may be seixed and ear
 ned away peaceably wherever found, eveo
 ti though e*ww*wf the fight* and resjxmai
i bUMee of a free citizen of the CtraunonweaHh
 i in which he reekiee, end of the United States;
 i a law which denies to the citizen all the safe*
 i guards of personal liberty, to render lees pos
 sible the escape of i» bondman.
 We deem its principle therefore unjust, un
 constitutional and immoral; and thua, white
 patriotism wit bolds ita approbation, the con
 sciences of our people condemn it. You will
 roy that these convictions of ours are disloyal.
 Grant it, for argument’s sake; they are sev
 en be] ess honest. And the law is to be exe
 cuied among us, not among you; not by us,
 but by the Federal authority. Has say Gov
 ernment ever succeeded in changing the moral
 convictions of its subjects by force? But these
 convictions imply no disloyalty. We revere
 the Constitution .although we perceive this de
 fect, just as we acknowledge the splendor
 and power of the aun, although ita surfact is
 tarnished with here and there an opaque spot.
 Your Constitution and Law converts hos
 pitality to refugees from the most degrading
 oppression on earth, into a crime. But all
 mankind, except you, esteem that hospitality
 a virtue. The right of extradilion, of even
 fugitives from justice, is not admitted by the
 law of Nature and of Nations, but rests on
 voluntary compact.
 Only two conjlpßs found in diplomatic His
 tory admitted emMition of Slaves. Here ia
 one of them. It is found in a treaty made
 between Alexander Comnenus, the Greek
 Emperor at Constantinople, and Oleg 11.
 King of Russia, in the year -908, and ia in
 these words:
 If a Russian slave take flight from his
 master, or if he shall be held under pretence
 of having beet) bought, hia master may pur
 sue him and take him wheresoever be may be
 found and whosoever shall prevent his mas
 ter from taking him, shall be guilty of offend
 ing this Treaty, and shall be punished ac
 cordingly.’*
 This was in the year of Grace 902, in what
 is called the Dark Ages, and the contracting
 powers were Despotisms.
 And here is the other:
 No person held to service or labor in one
 State under the laws thereof, escaping into
 another, shall in consequence ot any laws or
 regulations therein, be discharged from such
 service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
 claim of the party to whom such service or
 labor is due.”
 This is from the Constitution of the United
 States in 1787, and the parties were the Re
 publican States of this Union.
 The Law of Nations disavows such com
 pacts —the Law of Nations, written on the
 hearts and consciences of freemen, repudiates
 them. Armed powers conld not enforce them,
 because there is no public conscience to sus
 tain them. I know that there are laws of va
 rious sorts that regulate the conduct of men.
 There are constitutions and statutes, laws
 mercantile and codes civil; but when we are
 legislating for States, especially when we are
 forming Stales, all these laws must be bro't
 to the standard of the laws of God, and must
 be tried by that standard, and stand or fall by
 it. It is of this principle that an eminent po
 litical philosopher of England, Burke, said:
 There is but one law for all, namely—
 that law which governs all—the law of our
 Creator—the law of humanity, justice, equi
 ty —the law of Nature and of Nations. So
 far as any laws tortify this primeval law, and
 give it more precision, more energy, more ef
 fect by then declarations, such laws enter in
 to the Sanctuary and participate in the sacred
 ness of its character. But the man who
 quotes as precedents, the abuses of tyrants
 and robbers, pollutes the very fountains of
 justice, destroys the foundations of all law,
 and therefore removes the only safeguard
 against evil men, whether governors or gov
 erned, the guard which prevents governors
 from becoming tyrants, and the governed
 from becoming rebels.”
 There was deep philosophy in the confes
 sion of an eminent English judge. When he
 had condemned a young woman to death, un
 der the late sanguinary code of his country,
 for her first petty theft, she fell dead at his
 feet. I seem to myself,” said he, to have
 been pronouncing sentence, not against the
 prisoner, but against the law itself.”
 To conclude on this point, we are not
 Slaveholders we cannot in our judgment
 be either true Christians or real Freemen, il
 we impose on another a chain that we deny
 all human power to fasten on ourselves. You
 believe and think otherwise, and doubtless
 with equal sincerity. We judge you not, and
 He alone who ordained the conscience of man
 and its laws of action, can judge us. Do we
 then in this conflict demand of you an unrea
 sonable thing in asking that, since you will
 have property that can and will exercise hu
 man power to make ita escape, you shall be
 your own police; and that acting among ue
 as such, you shall conform to principles in
 dispensable to the security of admitted rights
 of Freemen?
 Another feature in moat of the plans of
 compromise, is a Bill of Peace for Slavery
 in the District of Columbia, and this Bill of
 Peace we cannot grant. We of the Free
 States are, equally with you of the Slave
 States, responsible for the existence of Sla
 very in tliis District—the field exclusively of
 our common legislation. I regret that as yet
 I see but little reason to hope that a majority
 in favor of emancipation exists here. The
 Legislature of New York—from whom, with
 great deference,’ I dissent—seems willing to
 accept now the extinction of the Slave trade,
 and waive Emancipation.
 But we shall assume the whole responsi
 bility, if we stipulate not to exercise the pow
 er heieafter when s majority shall be obtain
 ed. Not will the plea with which you fur
 nish us be of any avail. If I could under
 stand myself, 1 should never be able to ex
 plain to the direct understanding of the peo
 ple whom I represent, how it was that an
 absolute and express power to legislate in all
 cases over the District of Columbia, was em
 barrassed and defeated by an implied condi
 tion not to legislate for the abolition of slave
 ry in that District. Sir, I shall vote for that
 measure, and am willing to appropriate any
 means to cany it into execution. And if I
 shall he a*ked what I did to embellish the
 Capitol of my country, I will point to her
 freed-tnen and say, These are the monu
 ments of my munificence.” If I was willing
 to advance a cause that I deemed sacred, by
 disingenuous means, I would advise you to
 adopt these measures of compromise which I
 have thus examined. The echo is not quick
 er in its response than would be that loud and
 universal cry of Repeal! that would not die
 away until the habeas corpus was secured to
 the alleged fugitive from bondage, and the
 symmetry of the Free Institutions of the
 Capitol was perfected.
 I apply the same observations to the propo
 sition for i waiver of the Proviso of Freedom
 in Territotial charters. Thus far you have
 only direct popular action in favor of that
 ordinance, and there seems even to be a par
 tial disposition to await the action of the
 people of the new territories, as we have
 compulsorily waited for it in California. But
 I must tell you, nevertheless, in all candor,
 and in plainness, that the spirit of the people
 in the Free Slates ia set upon a spring that
 rises with the pressure put upon it. That
 spring, if pressed too hard, will give a recoil
 that will not leave here one servant who knew
 hia master’s will and did it not. You will say
 that this implies violence. Not at all—it im
 plies only peaceful, lawful, constitutional cus
 tomary action. I cannot too strongly express
 toy surprise that those who insist that the
 people of the Sieve States oanaot be held
 back from remedies outside of lije Constitu
 tion, should so far misunderstand us of the
 Free States, as to suppose we would not ex
 ercise our constitutions! rights to sustain the
 policy which we deem just and beneficent.
 I object ia the next place le ike compro
 mise of the boundary between Texas and
 New Mexico. Ttutt it a judicial question in
 ita nature, or at team a question of legal right
 and title. If it is to be compromised at all
 it due to the two panics, to national digni
 ty as well as to justice, that it be kept sepa
 rate from compromises proceeding on the
 V"--v
ground of expediency, and bo nuld by it
 •elf alone.
 I take ihia occasion to aa? that 1 do not in*
 toad to disease the question which hu been
 raiaed by the honorable and distinguished
 Senator from Mace. (Mr. Webeter.) But I
 am compelled to say that I have not the good
 fortune to concur with him in the opinions
 which he baa expressed in regard to the ad
 mimion of new States to be formed out of the
 Slate of Texas. There are various qseat ions
 involved in that subject which I think this is
 not the time to decide, and which I wiah to
 reserve for future consideration. One is,
 whether the article of Annexation does really
 deprive Congress of the right to express its
 voice in regard to the subdivision of the State
 of Texas. 1 only say that to me it seems by
 no means so plain a question as the Senator
 assumes, and therefore wiih me it lemams a
 question for future consideration—an open
 qosslion, whether Congress is not a party
 whose future nceessary to any di
 vision of Texas.
 Mr. Webster—Will the Senator allow me
 to ask him one question
 Mr. Seward—Certainly, air.
 Mr. Webster—Supposing Congress to have
 the authority to fix the number of States and
 the time of election, and apportionment ol
 representation, die., the question is, whether,
 if new States are formed out of Texas, to
 come into this Union, there is not a solemn
 pledge by law that they have a right to come
 in as Slave States.
 Mr. Seward—The article ia in effect in
 i these words: New States not exceeding fout
 in number may be framed out of the Territory
 of Texas, with the consent of Texas, and
 shall be admitted into the Union t with or with
 out Slavery, if they shall choose.
 Mr. Webster —If they chooso they may
 come in as Slave States.
 Mr. Seward—l beg pardon of the Hon.
 Senator, but it is with or without Slavery.
 But 1 pass the question as the volume is not
 at hand, and I fear I shall trespass on the
 lime of the Senate by waiting for it. 1 am,
 moreover, not unconstitutional. I find no au
 thority in the Constitution of the U. Slates,
 for the annexation of foteign States by reso
 lution. What I mean now especially to in
 sist upon is, that 1 must have time to delibe
 rate until the occasion actually anives, before
 I consent to any division ot the State of Tex
 as so as to bring in any new State with a con
 stitution maintaining Slavery. 1 must have
 the point settled, that the aiticle of Annexa
 tion is compulsory upon me, and also that it
 is constitutional.
 Mr. Foote—Did I not rightly understand
 the Senator to say that he would have voted
 to admit California as a Slave Stave, if she
 had voluntarily inserted such a provision in
 her Constitution?
 Mr. Seward—Yes, sir, under these extra
 ordinary circumstances of conquest, of a com
 pact of abandonment, of impossibility to give
 a Territorial government, of a Constitution
 adopted by the people and of dismemberment
 of the Empire if she was rejected,—under
 these circumstances I would have received
 California, though she had come to my pro
 found regret as a Slave Slate. lam happy,
 now, Mr. President, to understand that 1
 agree with the Hon. member from Massachu
 i setts, that it is not compulsory upon Cong Tess
 hereafter to admit four new Slave States in
 Texss—that they have reserved the right to
 decide whether any new State shall be form
 ed there. 1 shall vote for admitting no more
 i Slave States, unless under circumstances ab
 i solutely controlling and compulsory; and such
 f cannot now be foreseen.
 Mr. Webster—The Senator does not un-
 I demand me. My proposition was that States
 hereafter made out of Texas, with her con
 i sent, if they choose to come in Slave States,
 I have a right to do so.
 Mr. Seward —My position is that they have
 not a right to cotne in if Congress shall re
 i fuse its consent. It is optional with both par
 ties, Congress and Texas.
 Mr. W ebaler—Does the Senator hold, that
 i we may hereafter decide whether they shall
 »be Slave States or Free Slates
 Mr. Seward—No, sit; but that Congress
 may decide that there shall be no Slates at ill
 formed out of Texas,
 t Another objection arises out of the princi
 f pie on which the Compromise rests. That
 principle is a classification of the Stales, as
 i Northern and Southern Stales, as is express
 i ed by the Hon. Senator from South Carolina,
 I (Mr. Calhoun,) but into Slave States and Free
 i Stales, as more directly expressed by the hon
 orable Senator from Georgia, (Mr. Berrien.)
 The argument is, that the States are several
 i ly equal, and that these two classes were
 equal, at the first, and that the Constitution
 i was founded on that equilibrium; that the
 States being equal and the classes of the
 States being equal in rights, they are to kb
 i regarded as constituting an association in
 which each State and each, of the classes of
 States respectively contribute in due propor
 tion tbit the new territories are a common
 acquisition, and that the people of these sev
 eral States and classes of States have an
 i equal right to participate in respectively;
 'hat the right of the people of the slave
 Slates to emigrate to the territories with
 their slaves as property, is such a participa
 tion in their part, inasmuch as the people of
 the free States emigrate into the same terri
 tories with their property. And the argu
 ment deduces from this right the principle
 that if Congress exclude slavery from any
 part of this new domain, it would be only just
 to set off a portion of the domain, (some say
 south of 36 30, and others south of 34,) which
 should be regarded at leaat aa open to slavery
 and to be organized into alave States.
 Argument, ingenious and subtle, declama
 tion, earnest and bold, and persuasive, gen
 tle and winning as the voiee of the tut tie
 dove when it is heard in the land, all aitke
 and all together have failed to convince me
 of the soundness of this principle of the pro
 posed Compromise, or of any one of the pro
 positions ou which it is attempted to be es
 tablished. How is the original equality of
 the States proved? It testa on a syllogism,
 as follows:
 “AH men are equal by the law of Nature
 and of Nations. But States are only lawful
 aggregationa of individual men who individu
 ally are equal. Therefore, States are equal
 in natural rights.”
 All this is just and sound. But assuming
 the same premises, to wit: that all men are
 equal by the law of Nature and of Nations,
 the right of property in slaves falls to the
 ground; for one who is equal to another can
 not be the owner df property in that other.
 But you answer that the Constitution recog
 nizes property in slaves. It would be suffi
 cient then to reply, that this constitutional
 recognition must be void, because it is re
 pugnant to the law of Nature and of Nations.
 But I deny that the Constitution recognizes
 property in man. I submit, on the other
 baud, most respectfully, that the Constitution
 not merely does not affirm that principle, but
 on the contrary altogether excludes it. The
 Constitution does not expressly affirm any
 thing on the subject. All that it contains is
 two incidental allusions to slaves. These
 are, first in the provision establishing a {ratio
 of representation and taxation; second, in the
 provision relating to fugitives from labor. In
 both cases the Constitution designedly men
 tions slaves not as slaves, much less as chat
 ties, but as persons. That this recognition
 of them as persons was designed is histori
 cally known, and I think never denied.
 give only two of the manifold proofs.
 John Jay, in the Federalist, aayn:
 “Lei the case of the Slaves be considered,
 as it is in truth, a peculiar one. Let the
 sempiomising expedient ot the Constitution
 be mutually adopted, which regards them as
 nhabiiantty but aa debased below the equal
 evai of free inhabitants,-r-whtefa regard* the
 ilaves as divested of two-fiflbs of the mao.”
 Ye», Sir, of t.o-fifth*, but of onlj two-
“Aug. 88, 1787.—Mr. Butlsr »nd Mr.
 Pinckney moved to require fugitive slave*
 tod servants to be delivered up like convict*.
 Mr. Wilaoo—This would oblige the
 eutive of the Stole to do it at public expense.
 Mr. Sherman saw no more property in the
 public seising end surrendering a or a
 servant than s horse.
 Mr. Butler withdrew hie proposition in
 order that aome particular pro&gt; ision might be
 made, apart from this article.
 Aug. 39th.—Mr. Butler moved to invert,
 alter article IS, “If any petson bound to
 seivtce or labor in any oi tne United Stolen,
 aha escape into another Stole, h* Sf ahe
 shall not be diachergad from saeh service or
 labor in of any legoktion* sub
 sisting in the State to vthich they eeeape,
 but shall be delivered up to the person justly
 claiming their service or labor.”
 After the engrossment, Sept. 15, ••Article
 TV, sec. 3, the 3d paragraph, the isrm
 ‘legally’ was struck out, and the words •un
 der the laws thereof inserted after the word
 ‘States’ m compliance with toe wishce of
 eoino wbodhought the term ‘legal’ equivocal
 and favoring the idea that Slavery was legal
 m a moral view.
 1 deem it established then that the Consti
 tution does not tecognixe property in mao,
 but leaves that question as between the States
 to the Law of Nature and of Nations. That
 law as expounded by Vauel is founded in the
 reason of things. When God had created
 the earth with its wonderful adaptatieos, ho
 gave dominion over it to Man—absolute hu
 man dominion. The title thus bestowed
 would have been incomplete if the lord of all
 lenestrial things could hfinsalf have been the
 property of his fellow lisa. The right to
 nave a slave unphea the right in some one to
 make the slave. That right must be eqoal
 and mutual; and that would resolve society
 into a state of perpetual war. But if we
 grant the original equality of the States sad
 grant also the constimtional recognition of
 slaves as property, atm the argument we are
 considering fails, because the States were not
 parties to the Constitution as States. It is the
 Constitution of the People of the United
 Btatee. But even if the States continued as
 States, they surrendered their equality as
 States, and submitted themselves to the away
 of ibe numerical majority, with qualities lions
 or checks; first, of the representation of 3-stbs
 of slaves in the ratio of representation and
 taxation; and, secondly, of the equal repre
 sentation of Slates in the Senate.
 The proposition of an established classifi
 cation of States as Slave Slates and Free
 Stales as asserted by aome, and into North
 ern and Southern as asserted by others,
 seems to me purely imaginary, and of course
 the supposed equilibria! of those classes a
 mere conceit. This must be so; because
 when the Constitution was adopted twelve of
 the thuteen States were Slave States, and so
 theie was no equtltbrim. And so as to the
 classification ot States at Northern States
 and Southern Stales. It is the maintenance
 ot Slavery by law in a State, not parol'd* of
 latitude that makes it a Southern Stale, and
 the absence of this that makes it a Northern
 State. And so, ail the States, save one,
 were Southern States, and there was no equi
 librium. But the Con&amp;litutioo was made not
 only for Southern and Northern States, but
 for Staves neither one nor the other, but
 Western States. Their coming in was f or
 seen and provided for.
 It needs little argument to show that Uta
 idea of a joint stock association or a copart
 nership as applicable even by its analogies to
 the United States is err&lt; neojs, with all the
 consequence# fancifully •ut.uced from it. The
 United States are a |»&gt;f'ical Slate or organ
 zed society, whose end is Government for
 the secuiity, welfare and happiness of all
 who live under its protection. The iheoiy I
 am combating reduces the objects of Govern
 ment to the mere spoils of conquest. On the
 contrary ot a theory so debasing', the pream
 ble of the Constitution not only asserts the
 sovereignty to he not iu the Slates but in the
 People, but also promulgates the objects of
 the Constitution.
 “We People of the United Stale*, in ordsr
 to form a more perfect Union, establish justice,
 ensure domestic tranquility, provide ibr the
 common defense, piomote the general welfare
 and secure the blessings of Liberty, do ordain
 and establish this Constitution.”
 Objects sublime and benevolent! They
 exclude the very idea of conquesle to be
 either divided among States or even enjoyed
 by them for the purpose of securing, not the
 blessings of liberty, but the evils of Slave
 ry-
 Theie is a novelty in the principle of this
 Compromise, which condemns it. Simultane
 ously with the establishment of the Constitu
 tion, Virginia ceded her domain, which then
 extended to the Mississippi, and was even
 eiaimed to extend to the Pacific. Congress
 accepted it and unanimously devoted the
 domain to freedom, hi the laqggiage from
 which the Ordinance now so severely con
 demned, was borrow*!. .Five States have
 already been organised on Mfe domain, from
 irfl of which iu pursuance of that Ordinance,
 Slavery is excluded. How jjid it happen
 that this theory of the equality of ike State*,
 of the classification of States, of the equiH
 brim of the States, of the t£«pf the States
 to common enjoyment of the cfomain. 4Pto an
 equitable and just partition between them
 was neuer promulgated, nor even dlUniml of
 by the Slave States, which unanimously con
 sented to this Ordinance r#
 There is another aspect of the principle of
 compromise which deserve* consideration. It
 assumes that Slavery, if not the only insiitu
 tion, is, in a Slave State, at least the ruling
 institution, and that this characteristic was
 lecognixed by the Constitution. But Slavery
 is only one of many institutions there.
 Freedom is equally an institution there.—
 Slavery is only a temporary, accidental,
 partial, incongruua one. Freedom, on the
 '-ontxary, is a perpetual, organic, universal
 one, in harmony with the Constitution of the
 United States. The slaveholder himself
 stands under the protection of the letter, is
 common wtllsll the free citizens, of the state.
 But the principle of the Compromise gives
 complete ascendancy in the Slave States, and
 in the Constitution of the United States, to
 the suboidinate, accidental and incongruous
 institution over its antagonist. To reduee
 this claim for Slavery to an absurdity, it ia
 only necessary to add that there are only twrj
 States in which slaves are s majority, and
 net one in which the slaveholders ar* g o i
 very disproportionate minority.
 But there is yet another aspect ia which
 this principle must be examitied, regards
 the domain only as a possession to be enjoyed
 either in common or by partition by the citi
 zens of the old States. It is true indeed that
 the national domain is ours; true that it was
 aeqnired by the powers and wealth of the
 whole country; but we hold, nevertheless, do
 arbitrary power over it. We hold no arbiirs
 ry authority over anything, whether aeqnired
 lawfully or by usurpation. The Cnastitutien
 regulates our stewardship. The Constitution
 devotes the domain to union, to justice, to
 defense, to welfaie and liberty. But there ie
 a higher law than the Constitution which
 regulates our authority over the domain, and
 devotes it to the same noble put pose. The
 territory is a pait—no inconsiderable part—of
 the common heritage of mankind, bestowed
 upon thme by the Creator of the Universe.
 We are hia stewards, and must so discharge
 our trust as to secure in the highest attain,
 able degree their happiness. How moment
 ous that West is, we may I earn Jfiom the
 instructions of the founder of modern pbiiose
 phy;
 “No man can, by caie-uking,” a* the
 _ fiantA of Kwadamm arut f'/imnuvn
 im f Ptlt Ttb2
 aotobhOThd, but left totok?
"
