"\Ve are an Estate and are deliberating for
 the Commonwealth juat aa our fathera de
 liberated in eatabliahing the inatitutiona we
 enjoy- Whatever superiority there ia in our
 condition and hopes over those of any other
 “Kingdom” or “Estate” is due to the for
 tunate circumstance that our ancestors did not
 leave things to take their chance, but that
 they added amplitude and greatness to onr
 commonwealth, by introducing such ordi
 nances, constitutions and cuatoms as were
 wise.
 We, in our time, have aucceeded to the
 same responsibilities, and we cannot approach
 the duty before us, wisely or justly, except
 we raise ouiselves to the great consideration
 of how we can most certainly sow greatness
 to our posterity and successors. And now
 the simple, bold, and awful question, which
 presents itself to us, is this Shall we who
 are founding institutions, social and political,
 foT countless millions—shall we who know
 by experience the wise and ihe just, and are
 free to choose them, and to reject the ereone
 oua and the unjust—shad we establish humau
 bondage, or permit it by our sufferance to be
 established Sir, our fathers would not have
 hesitated an hour. They found Slavery ex
 isting here, and they left it only because they
 could not remove it. There is not only no
 Free State which would now establish it, bnt
 there is no S'ave Slate whi;h, if it had but
 the free alternative, as we now have, would
 have founded Sltvery. Indeed our revolu
 tionary predecessors had precisely the same
 question before them in establishing an organ
 ic law under which the States of Ohio,
 Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin and lowa have
 lince come into the Union; and they solemnly
 repudiated and excluded Slavery from those
 States forever. 1 confess that the most alarm
 ing evidence of our degeneracy which has yei
 been given is found in the fact that we even
 debate such a question.
 Sir, there is no Chtistian nation that, free
 to choose as we are, would establish Slavery.
 I apeak on due consideration, because Britain,
 France and Mexico have abolished Slavery,
 and all other European States are preparing
 to abolish it as rapidly as they can.
 We cannot establish Slavery, because
 there are certain elements of the security,
 welfare and greatness of nations, w hich we
 all admit, or ought to admit and lequire, as
 essential; and these are—the security of
 natural rights, the diffusion of knowledge,
 and the freedom of industry. Slavery is in
 compatible with all of these; and just in pro
 portion to the extent that it prevails and con
 trols in anv Republican State, just to that ex
 tent it subverts the principle of Derouciacy,
 and converts the State into an Aristocracy or
 Despotism. I will not offend sensibilities by
 drawing my proof from the Slave States, ex
 isting among ourselves, but I will draw them
 from the greatest of the European Slave
 States. The population of Russia in Europe,
 in 1844, was 54,251,000. Of these were
 »erfa 53,500,000, the residue, nobles, clergy,
 merchants, &amp;c. 751,000. The liupenal
 Government abandons the control over the
 atty-lhree and a half millions to their owners,
 and the residue, included in the 151,000 aie
 thus a privileged class or aristocracy. If ever
 the Government inteifeies at all with the
 aetfs, who are the only laboring population,
 it is by edicts, designed to abridge the op
 portunities of education, and thus continue
 their debasement. What was the origin of
 Lhis system Conquest; in which the captivi
 ty of the conqured was made perpetual and
 hereditary.
 This, it seems to me, is identical with
 American Shveiy, only at one and the same
 lime exaggerated by the greater disproportion
 between the privileged classes and the Slaves
 in theii respective numbers, and yet relieved
 of the unhappiesi featurs of American Slave
 ry—tbe distinction of caste. What but ibis
 renders Russia at once the most arbitrary
 Despotism, aud the most barbarous State in
 Europe And what is its effect but industry
 comparatively profitless, and sedition not oc
 cassional and parmal, but chronic and pervad
 ing tbe empire. With. Massachusetts and
 4 »lno among us, shall we pass by their free
 and beneficent examples, and select our insti
 tutions from the dominions of the Czar
 1 cannot slop to debate Jong with those
 who maintain that Slavery is in itself practi
 cally economical and humane. I might be
 content with saving that there are some
 axioms in political scince that a statesmen or
 a founder of States may adopt especially in
 tbe Congress of the United States, and that
 among these axioms are these:
 That all men are created equal and have
 inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the
 choice of pursuits of happiness;
 That knowledge promotes virtue, and
 righteousness exahelh a nation;
 That Freedom is preferable to Slavery,
 and that democratic governments, when they
 can be maintained by acquiescence without
 force, are preferable to institutions exercising
 arbitrary and irrisponaible power.
 It remains only to say, on this part of the
 subject, that Slavery being incongruous and
 repugnant, it dangerous to the safety of the
 State. The conservative principle of the
 State is the security of the voluntary acqui
 esscoce of tbe people. That acquiescence is
 obtained by universal suffrage, which de
 mands, of course, equality of knowledge and
 propeiiy, as far as that is practically attaina
 ble without injustice or oppression. This
 argument is sustained by our own experience.
 There is no danger menacing the Union,
 there never has been any that would have
 menaced it, had Slavery had no shelter be
 neatu its protection. If Slavery, confined as
 it now is, threatens tbe invasion of the Con
 stitution, how can we enlarge us boundaries
 and increase its influence with increasing the
 danger already existing
 Whether, then, I regard merely the wel
 fare t&gt;f the future inhabitants of the new ter
 ritories, nr the security and welfare of tbe
 whole people of the United Stales or the
 welfare of the whole family of mankind, 1
 cannot consent t O introduce Slavery into any
 part of this continent which is now exempt
 from what seems to me to be so great an
 evil.
 These are my reasons for declining to com
 promise the questions relating to Slavery as
 a condition of the admission of California.
 In acting upon an occasion so grave as this,
 a respectful consideration is due to the argu
 ments founded on extraneous considers:ions,
 #f Senators wno eoonsel a course different
 from that which 1 have preferred.
 Tbe first of these arguments is that Con
 gress has no power to legislate on the sub
 ject of Slavery within the Territories. Sir,
 Congress has power to admit new States;
 and since Congress may admit, it follows that
 Congress may reject new States. The dis
 cretion of Congress in admitting it absolute,
 except that when admitted the Stale must be
 Republican State, and must be a State—
 that is, it shall have the constitutional powers
 uf a State. But the greater includes the less;
 we may impose conditions not inconsistent
 with those fundamental powers. Boundaries
 are suck, tbe reservation of tbe public domain
 is supb, tbe right to dtv.de is such, the ordi
 nance excluding Slavery is such a condition.
 Tbe organization of Territory is auxtiury or
 preliminary. It is tbe inchoate, initiative
 •cl ef ad mission, aud is performed under the
 clause gianuog the power necessary to exe
 cute tbe express powers of tbe Constitution.
 This power comes from tbe treaty making
 power also, and 1 think it is well traced to
 tbe power to make needful rules and regula
 tions concerning tbe public domain. But the
 power is here to be exectsed, however de
 rived, and tbe right to regulate property, to
 administer justice in regard to property is as
 •anted in every Territorial charter. If we
 have power to legislate concerning property,
 vt have concerning personal rights. Free
 dom is a personal light. The Constitution
 decs not sanction property in man, and Con
 gress beiag tbe supreme legislature, has tbe
 asae right in regard to property and rights
 Ja Territories that the States would have if
 •Igsniesd.
 It is unused further that the inhibition is
 I have Mfwt the less of abl#
and distinguished Senators who go with us
 for the admission of California. Especially
 do I regret the separation from ua of the able
 and distinguished Senator from Missouri (Mr.
 Benton When what Senator announced
 that he should not sustain the Proviso of
 Fieedom, 1 was induced to exclaim;
 ’Cur in tIM-atrum, Cato sivsre veaieti,
 An ideo tantum veneraa ut exi-es.
 B it that distinguished Senator is crowning a
 life of eminent public service by bringing the
 first State of the Pacific into the Union, and
 grateful to him for that, I freely leave to him
 to deteimine for himself what weight he will
 give to the cause of human freedom in his
 action on so gravo an occasion.
 The argument is that the Proviso ia un
 necessary. 1 answer, then there can be no
 error in insisting upon it. But why is it un
 necessary It is said, first by reason of the
 climate. If this be so, why do not the Rep
 resentatives of the Slave States yield to the
 Proviso 1 They deny that climate prevents
 the introduction of Slavery. Now, I will
 leave nothing to contingency. But in truth,
 I think that argument is against the proposi
 tion. Is there any climate where Slavery
 has not existed? It has prevailed all over
 Europe, from sunny Italy to bleak England,
 and ia existing now, stronger than in any
 other land, in ice-bound Russia.
 But it will be replied that this is not African
 Slavery. 1 rejoin, that only makes the case
 the stronger. If this vigorous Saxon race of
 ours was reduced to Slavery while it retained
 the courage of semi-barbarism, in its own
 high Northern latitude, what security does
 climate afford against the transplantation of
 the more gentle, more docile, and already
 enslaved and debased African, to the genial
 Ci.m-r of New-Mexico and California Sir,
 there is no climate uncongenial to Slavery.
 It is true it is less productive than free labor
 in many Northern countries; but so it is les&amp;
 productive than free while labor in even tropi
 cal climates. Labor is hi quick demand in all
 new countries. Slave labor is cheaper than
 free labor and will go firat into new regions;
 and wherever it goes it brings labor into dis
 honor, and therefore free white labor avoids
 competition with it. Sir, 1 might rely on cli
 mate, if I had not been born in a laud w here
 Slavery existed, and that land w’as all north
 of lhe4oth parallel! of latitude, and if I did
 not know the snuggle that it has cost and
 which is yet going on, to get complete relief
 from the institution and its baleful couse
 quences.
 But sir, it is said that Slavery ia prevented
 by the laws of God from entering into the
 Territory from which we propose to inhibit
 it. 1 will look into that matter a little more
 closely. I wish then, with the utmost res
 pect to ask Senators whether the Ordrnauce
 of 1787 was necessary or not? That Ordi
 nance has been the subject of too many eulo
 giums to be now prortonneed a vague and
 tdle thing. That ordinance carried the pro
 hibition of Slavery quite up to the 49th deg.
 of North lal. and yet we are now told that
 we can trust tbe laws of God without any
 ordinance to exclude Slavery as far down as
 36 deg. 30m. Unfortunately too, the ordi
 nance of 1787 began on the 571 h parallel of
 North latitude, so that there is no part of the
 Territory which it covered, in which Slavery,
 according to the present theory was not ex
 cluded by tbe law of God. I know no better
 authority as to the laws of God on this sub-i
 ject than one from whom 1 have already had j
 occasion to quote wiibsome freedom. And
 it is the opinion of Montesquieu that it is only j
 the indolence of mankind and not the climate
 which cause the introduction of Slavery any
 where. Theie is no climate where. Slavery
 is necessary; there is none where it cannot
 be established, if the customs and laws
 permit.
 1 shall dwell only very briefly on the argu
 ment derived from the Mexican laws. The j
 proposition that these laws must remain in
 torce until altered by laws of our own is
 satisfaciory; and so is the proposition that
 those Mexican laws abolished and continue to
 prohibit Slavery; and still 1 deem an enact
 ment by ourselves wise and even necessary.
 Both of the propositions I have stated are
 denied with just as much confidence by South
 ern Statesmen and Jurisis as they are affirm
 ed by those of the Free States. The popu
 lation of the new territories is rapidly becom
 ing an American one to whom the Mexican
 code w ill seem a foreign one entitled to little
 deference or obedience. Slavery has never
 obtained anywhere by express legislative au
 thority, but always by trampling down laws
 higher than any mere municipal laws—the
 law of nature and ot nations. There can be
 no oppression in 6upetadding the sanction of
 Congress to the authority which is so weak
 and so vehemently questioned. And there is
 some possibility, if not a probability, that the
 institution might obtain a foothold surreptiti
 ously, if it should not be absolutely forbidden
 by our own authority.
 What is insisted upon, therefore, is not a
 mere abstraction or a mete sentiment as is
 contended by those who concur with us as to
 admitting California, hut would waive the
 Proviso. And what is conclusive on the sub
 ject is that it is conceded on all hands that the
 effect of insisting on it prevents the extension
 of Slavery into the region to which it is pro
 posed to apply it. Again, it is insisted that
 the diffusion of Slavery does not increase its
 evils. The argument seems to me merely
 specious and quite unsound.
 And this brings me to the great and all
 absorbing argument that the Union is in dan
 ger of being dissolved, and that it can only
 be saved by Compromise.
 I do not overlook the fact that the entire
 delegation from the Slave States, although
 they differ in the dealtl of compromise pro
 posed, and perhaps also upon the exact cir
 cumstances of the crisis, seem to concure in
 the momentous warning. Nor do 1 doubt at
 all the patriotic devotion to the Lnion which
 iaexpreased by those from whom thia warn
 ing proceeds. And yet, Sir, although these
 warnings have been uttered with impassioned
 solemnity in my hearing, every dav for near
 three months, my confidence in the Union re
 mains unshaken. 1 think they are to be re
 ceived with no inconsiderabledialiuat, because
 they are uttered under the influence of a con
 trolling interest to lie secured, a paramount
 object to be gained,—and ibai is, an equili
 brium of power in the Republic. I think
 they are to be received with even more dis
 trust, because with the most profound res
 pect they are uttered under an obviously
 high excitement; nor is that excitement tin
 unnatural one. It is a law of our nature,
 that tbe passions disturb the reason and judg
 ment just in proportion to the importance of
 the occasion and the consequent necessity
 for calmness and candor. I think they are to
 be distrusted, because there is a diveisity ol
 opinion in regard to the natute and operation
 of this excitement. The Senators from some
 States say that it has brought all parties in
 that region into unanimity. TheSenatot from
 Kentucky says that the danger lies in the
 violeuce of party spit it, and refers us to the
 difficulties which attended the organization of
 the House of Representatives.
 Sir, in my humble judgment, it ia not die
 fierce conflict of Parties that we are seeing
 and bearing; hut, on the contrary it ia the
 agony of distracted parties, a convulsion re
 sulting from the too narrow foundations of
 both and of all patties—loundatioos laid in
 compromises of natural justice and of human
 liberty. A question—a moral question
 transcending the too narrow creeds of parties
 has arisen. The public concience expand#
 with it, and the green withes of party asiio
 ciations give way and break and tall off (root
 it. No, Sir, it not the State that ia dying
 of the fever of party spirit. It ia merely a
 paialysia of parties, premonitory of tbeir
 restoration with the new elements of health
 and vigor imbibed from that spirit of the age
 which ia so justly called Progress.
 Nor ia the evil that of unlicensed,irregular,
 and tdrblem faction. We are told that 90
 legislatures are in session burning like fur
 naces, heating and inflaming the popper
 passions. But those twenty legislatures are
 Constitutional frwaeea, They aw prorat
ing their customary functions imparting
 healthful heart and vitality, while within
 their Constitutional jurisdiction. If they rage
 beyond its limits, the popular passions of
 this country are not at all, 1 think, in danger
 of being inflamed to excess. No, Sir, let
 none of those fires be extinguished. For
 ever let them burn and biaie. They are
 neither ominous meteors nor baleful comets,
 but planets, and bright and intense as their
 heat many be, it is their native temperature,
 and they must still obey the law which by
 attraction toward the center bolds them in
 their spheres.
 I see nothing of that conflict between the
 Southern nd the Northern States, or between
 their Representative bodies, which seems to
 be on all aides of me assomed. Not a word
 of menace—not a word of anger, aot an in
 temperate word hat been uttered in any
 Northern Legislature. They firmly but calm
 ly assert their convictions, but at the same
 time they assert their unqualified purpose to
 submit to the common arbiter, and for weal
 or wo abide the fortunes of the Union.
 What if there be leas of moderation in the
 Legislatures of the South. It only indicates
 on which aide the balance is inclining, and
 that the decision of tbe Government is netr
 at hand. 1 argue with those who say that
 there can be no peaceful dissolution—no dis
 solution of the Union by tbe secession of
 States, but that disunion, dissolution, happen
 when it may, will and must be Revolution.
 I discover no omens of Revolution. The
 predictions of the political astrologers do not
 agree as to time, or manner in which it is to
 occur. According to the authority of the
 Hon. Senator from Alabama, (Mr. Clemens,)
 the event has already happened, and the
 Union ia now in ruins. According to the
 horoscope of the Hon. Senator from Missis
 sippi, (Mr. Foote,) it was to take place on a
 day already past. According to the Hon.
 and distinguished Senator from Soulh-Caro
 lina, (Mr. Calhoun) it ia not to be immediate,
 but to be developed by time.
 [Mr. Foote here interpesed and disowned
 the construction which had been put upon
 his remarks, and made further explanations.]
 Mr. Seward—l am very happy to have
 given the Senator an opportunity to correct
 the erroneous impression which the remark
 which I have referred to had made. Now
 the Hon. Senator will do me the justice to
 allow that 1 am at liberty to subtract one pre
 diction frem the political Almanac, and so the
 predictions lose so much of impoitance.
 I see no omens of Revolution. What ate
 the omens to which our attention is directed?
 1 see nothing but a broad difference of opinion
 here, and the excitemen consequent upon it.
 I have observed that Revolutions which
 begin in that Palace, seldom gs beyond the
 Palace Walls, and these affect only the
 dynasty whieh reigns there. This Revolu
 tion, if I understand it, began here in the
 Senate Chamber a year ago, when the Rep
 resentatives Irora Southern States assembled
 here and addressed their constituents on what
 was called the aggiesaions of the Northern
 Slates. No revolution was designed at that
 time, and all that lias happened since, ia the
 return to Congiess of Legislative Resolutions
 which seem to me to be conventional respon
 ses to the address which emanated from the
 Capital.
 Sir, in any condition ot society there esn ha
 no revolution without a cause —an adequate
 cause.—What cause exists here? Wears
 admitting a new State, but there is nothing
 new in that—we have already admitted
 seventeen before. But it is said that the
 Slave Slates are in dinger of losing political
 power by the admission of the new Slate.!
 Well, sir, is there anything new in that? The
 slave states have always been losing political!
 power, and they always will be while they j
 have any to lose. At first twelve of the
 thirteen states were slave states. Now only
 fit teen of the thirty are slave states. More
 over, the change is constitutionally made,
 and the Government was constructed so as
 to permit changes o( the bolanceol power, in I
 obedience to changes of the forces of the.
 body politic. Danton used to say “It’s all
 well while the People cry Dauton and Robes
 pierre, but woe for me if ever the People
 learn to say, Robespierre and Danton That
 is all of it, sir. The People have been
 accustomed to say, the South and North—
 they ate beginning now to say, the North and
 the South.
 Sir, thGse who wou'd alarm us with the
 terrors of revolution, have not well consideied
 the structure of this Government and the or- j
 ganization of its forces. It is a Democracy
 of property and |*ersons, with a fair approxi
 mation toward Universal Education, and oper
 ating by means of Universal Suffrage. The
 constituent members of this Democracy are
 the only person# who could subvert it; and
 they are not the citizens of a metropolis like,
 Paris, or of a region subjected to the influ-!
 ences of a metropolis, like France; but they j
 are husbandmen dispersed over this broad l
 land, on the mountain, and on the plain, and i
 on the prairie, from the Ocean to the Rocky
 Mountains, and from the Great Lakes to the j
 Gulf. And this people are now, while we
 are discussing their imaginary danger, at
 peace and in their happy homes, and as un
 concerned and even as uninformed of their
 peril, as they are of events occurring in tbe
 Moon. Nor have the alarmists made due al
 lowance in their calculations for the influence
 of conservative reaction—strong in any Gov
 ernment, and irresistible in a rural Republic,
 operating by universal suffrage. That prin
 ciple of reaction ia due to the force of habits
 of acquiescence and loyally among the peo
 ple. No ruau better understood this principle
 than Machiaveu.l, who has told us in regard
 to factions, that no safe reliance can be
 placed in the force of Nature and the bravery
 of words, except it be corroborated by cus
 tom.” Do the Alarmists remember that this
 Government has stood sixty years already,
 without exacting one drop of blood —that this
 Government baa stood sixty years, and Trea
 son is sn obsolete crime? That day, 1 trust,
 ia lar off when the fountains of popular con
 tentment aflaail be broken up—but whenever
 it shall come it will bring forth a higher illus
 tration than has ever yet been given, of tbe
 excellence of the Democratic system. For
 then it will be seen how calmly, how firmly,
 how nobly a great people can act in preserv
 ing thru* Constitution, when Love of couptiy
 moveth Example uteehelb, Company cora
 forteth, Emulation quickeneth, and Glory ex
 aitetk.”
 When the foanders of the new Republic
 of tbe South, come to draw over the face of
 this Empire, along or betweeo its parallels of
 latitude or longitude, their ominous lines of
 to be broadly and deeply
 shaded with fraternal blood, they may come
 to the discovery then, if not before, that tbe
 national and even the political connections of
 tbe region embraced, forbids such a partition;
 that us possible divisions are not Northern
 and Southern at all, but Eastern and West
 ern— Atlantic and Pacific; and that Nature
 and Commerce have allied indissolubly for
 weal and woe the secedera and those from
 whom they are to be separated; that while
 they would rush into a pivij war, to restore
 an imaginary equilibrium between the North
 ern States and the Southern States, that a
 new equilibrium had taken ita place, in which
 HI those States are pn the one side, and the
 boundless West waa on the other-
 Sir, when the founders of tbe new Repub
 lic of the South come to trace those fearful
 tines, they will indicate what portion# of the
 continent are to be broken off from their con
 nection with the Atlatfftc through the St.
 Lawrence, the Hudson, the Delaware, the
 Potomac and the Mississippi—wbat portion
 of this people are to be dented the use of the
 lakes, the railroads and tbe canals, now con
 stituting commoo and cuatgmary avenues of
 travel, trade, and social intercourse—wbst
 families and kindred are to be separated, and
 convened into eoemtee, and what States are
 to be the aoenef of perpetual border warfare,
 aggravated by interminable horror# of inter
 miniWf ioM)fffotisn When thou portent*
 ous lines shall he drawn, they will daadfoee
 what portion! of tbs modlo ia to ratih tbs
army and the navy, and tbe flag of*&gt; manj
 victories. And, on the other hind, whai
 portion of this people is to be subjected u
 new and Tuinous imposts, direct taxes, and
 forced loans and conscriptioos, to maintain ao
 opposing army and opposing navy, “d the
 new and hateful banner of sedition- Then
 ihe projectors of the new Republic ot the
 South will meet the question—and wyaa;
 well prepare now to answer it—” What is
 all this for?—what intolerable wrong?—what
 unfi sternal injustice hav# Tendered these cal
 amities unavoidable ?—what gain will thii
 unnatural revolution bring to us 1 The
 answer will be— All thia is done to secure
 the institution of African slavery.”
 And then, if not before, the question will
 be discussed—What is this Institution ol
 Slavery that it should cause these unparallel
 ed sacrifices and these disastrous afflictions?
 And this will be the answer. When the
 Spaniards, few in number, discovered the
 Western Indies and the adjacent Continental
 America, the needed labor to draw forth from
 its virgin stores some speedy return to the cu
 pidity of the Court and Bankers of Madrid,
 they enslaved the indolent inoffensive and con
 fiding patives who perished by thousands and
 even by millions under that new and unnatu
 ral bondage. A humane ecclesiastic advised
 the substitution of Africans reduced to cap
 tivity in their native wars, and a pious
 Princess adopted the suggestion »ith a dis
 pensation from the Head of the Church,
 granted on the ground of the prescriptive
 right of the Christian to enslave the heathen
 to effect his conversion. The Colonists ol
 North America, innocent in their uncon
 sciousness of wrong, encouraged the Slays
 Traffic, and thus the labor of subduing theii
 territory devolved chiefly upon the African
 race. A happy conjunction brought on an
 awakening of tbe conscience of mankind tc
 the injustice of slavery simuhaneasly with
 the independence of the Colonies. Massa
 chusetts, Connecticut, Rhode-Island, New-
 Hampshire, Vermont, New York, New
 Jersey and Pennsylvania welcomed and em
 braced the spirit of universal emancipation;
 renouncing luxury, they secured tnfluencr
 and empire. But the states of ihe tsouth,mis
 led by a new and profitable cultivation, elec
 ted to maintain and perpetuate slavery, and
 thus choosing luxury they lost power and
 empire.
 When this answer shall be given it will
 appear that the question of dissolving the
 Union is a complex question, —that it embra
 ces the fearful issue whether the Union shall
 stand, and slavery, under the steady, peace
 ful action of moral, social and political causei
 be removed by gradual voluntary effort and
 compensation, or whether the Union shall
 be dissolved, and civil wats ensue bringing
 on violent but complete and immediate eman
 cipation. We are now arrived at that stage
 of our national progress when that crisis can
 be foreseen, when we must foresee it It is
 directly before us. Its shadow is upon us.
 It datkens the| legislative halls, the temples
 of worship, and the home and the hearth.
 Every question political civil or ecclesiastical
 however foreign to the subject,.slavery brings
 up slavery, is an incident, and the incident
 supplants the principal question. We hear
 of nothing but slavery and we can talk of
 nothing but slavery, And now it seems to me
 that all our difficulties, embaraaaments and
 dangers arise not of unlawful perversions
 of ihe question of slavery as some suppose,
 but out of the want of moral courage to
 meet this question of emancipation as we
 ought. Consequently we hear on one side
 demands, absurd indeed but yet unceasing,
 for an immediate and unconditional Abolition
 of slavery, as if any power except the people
 of the slave states could abolish it, and as if
 they could be moved to abolish it by merely
 sounding the trumpet violently and proclaim
 ing emancipation, while the institution was
 interwoven with all their social and political
 interests, constitutions and customs.
 On the other hand our statesmen say that
 alvaery has always existed, and for aught
 they know or can do tt always must exist.
 God permitting it, and He only can indicate
 the way to remove it, as if the supreme Crea
 tor, after giving us the instructions of his
 Providence ynd Revelation for the illumina
 tion of our minds and consciences, did not
 leave us in all human transactions with due
 invocations of his Holy spirit to seek out hia
 will, and execute it for ourselves.
 Here then is the point of my separation
 from both of theae parties. I feel assured
 that Slavery will give way,and must give way
 to the salutary instructions of economy, and
 to the ripening influences ot humanity,— that
 emancipation is inevitable, and is pear,—that
 it mav be hastened or hindered, and that whe
 ther it be peaceful or violent depends upon
 the Government, whether it be hastened or
 hindered,—that all measures which justify
 Slavery ur extend it, tend to the consumma
 tion of violence; —all that cheek its extension
 and abate its strength, tend to its peaceful ex
 tirpation. But I will adopt now none but
 lawful, Constitutional and peaceful means to
 secure even the er.d; and none auch can I or
 will I forego.
 Nor do 1 know any important or responsible
 body that proposes to do inure than ihis, No
 free Slate claims to extend its legislation into
 a slave State. —None claims that Congress
 shali usurp power to abolish Slavery in the
 Slave States. None claims that any violent
 unconstitutional or unlawful measures shall
 be restored to. And on the other hand, if we
 offtr no scheme or plan for the adoption of the
 •lave states, with the assent and cooperation
 of Congress, it is only because the slave
 states are unwilling aa yet to receive auch
 suggestion, or even to entertain the question
 of emancipation in any state.
 But, air. I will take this occasion to say,
 that while 1 cannot agree with the Hon. Sen
 ator from Massachusetts in proposing to de
 mote $80,000,000 to remove the free colored
 population from the states, and thus, as it
 appears to me, fortify slavery—there ia (to
 reasonable limit to which I am not willing to
 go in applying the uational treasures to effect
 the peaceful voluntary removal of slavery it
 self.
 1 have thus endeavored to show that there
 is not now, and ia not likely to occur, any
 adequate cause for revolution in regard to
 slavery. But you reply that Mvertiieless,
 you roust have guarantees. And tbe first
 one is for tbe surrender of fugitives from lab
 or. That guarantee you cannot have, aa I
 have already shown, because you cannot roll
 back the tide of social progress. You must
 be content with what you have. If you wage
 war against us, you can, at moot, only con
 quer us, and. then all you can get will be a
 treaty, and that you have already. But you
 ioaiet on a guarantee against the Abolition
 of slavery in tbe District of Columbia or war.
 Well, wben you ahall bave declared war a
 gainst us, wbat shall hinder ua from immed
 iately decreeing that slavery ahall eeaae with
 in tbe National Capital,
 You say that you will not submit to the
 exclusion of slaves from the new Territories.
 What wilt you gain by resistance? Liberty
 follows Ihe sword, although her away is one
 of peace and beneficence. Can you propa
 gate Slavery, then, by the sword
 You insist that you cannot submit to the
 freedom with which slavery ie diaeussed in
 the Free states. Wilj war—a war for sla
 very, crush or even moderate that discussion!
 No, sir, that discussion will net cease.
 War would only inflame it to a greater
 heightb. It is a part of the eternal oonflict
 betweeo truth sod error—between mind and
 physics) fofee, the conflict of man against
 the obstacles which oppose hit way to an ul
 timate and glorious destiny. It will go on,
 until yon sliall terminate in the only way in
 which any state or nation has terminated it,
 by yielding to it—yielding in yoor own time
 and in your own manner, indeed, but never
 theless yielding to the progress of tsftaaeip*
 sou will do this sooner or later, whaterei
 may be your opinion# now; bootee* nation*
 which wore prudent and humane, and wise as
 yon sat, have dons ao already.
 SMm slave Statesh*** M reason Ie tar that
this inevitable change -rill go too far or too fast
 for their safety or welfare. Itcanoot well go too
 fast or too far, if the only alternative is a war
 of races.
 Bat itcanoot go 100 fart. Slavery has a reli
 able and accommodating ally in a party in the
 Free States, which, though it claims to be and
 doubtless is, in many respects, a party of prog
 ress, finds iu eol# security for its political po««r
 in the support and aid of slavery in tbs slave
 States. Of course I do not include in that party
 tboee who are now co operating in maintaining
 the cause of freedom against slavery. I am not
 of this party of progress in the North which lends
 its support to slavery. But it is only just and
 candid that I should be a witness to their fidelity
 to the interest* of slavery. Sis very has, more
 over, a more natural alliance with the Aristocra
 cy of the North and with the aristocracy of Europe
 So long as slavery shall possess the cotton
 fields, the sugar fields, and the rice fields of the
 world, so long will commerce and capital yield
 its toleration and sympathy. Emancipation is a
 democratic revolatioo. It Is capital that arrests
 all democratic rsvolutions. It was capital that
 in a single year rolled back the tide of revolu
 tion on the Use of the Carpathian mountains, a
 cross the Danube and the Rhine, into the streets
 of Paris. It is capital that is rapidly rolling back
 the throne of Napoleon into the Chambers of the
 Tniltortss
 Slavery has a guarantee still stronger than
 these in the prejudices of caste and color, wbieb
 induce eveu lar „e majorities in all the free states
 to regard sympathy with the slave as ao act of
 unmanly humliatioo and self abasement.
 Although philosophy meekly expresses her dis
 trust oi the asserted natural superiority of the
 white race, and confidently denies that such a
 superiority, if justly claimed, could give a title to
 oppression, there remains one more guarantee
 one that has seldom failed you, aod will seldom
 fail you hereafter. New States cling in ch eer re
 liance than the olde ones to the federal power.
 The concentration of the Slave power enables you
 for long periods to control the Federal Govern
 meot, with the aid of the New Stater. I do noi
 know the sentiments of tue Representatives oi
 California; but my word for it, if they should be
 admitted on this floor to-day against your most
 obstinate opposition, they would,on all questions
 really affecting your interests, be found at your
 side. With these allies and aids to break the
 force of Emancipation, there will be no disunion
 and no secession. J do not say that there may
 no be disturbance, though I do not apprehend
 even that. Absolute regularity and order in ad
 ministration have not yet been established in any
 Government, and unbroken popular tranquility
 baa not yet been attained in even the most ad
 vanced cordition of human society. The machi
 oery of our system is necessarily complex. A
 pivot may fall out here—a lever may be displac
 ed there—tut the machinery will soon recover
 its regularity and move on just as before, with
 even better adaptation aod adjustment to over
 come new obstructions.
 There are many well disposed persons who are
 alarmed at the occurrence ot any such disturbance
 The future of a Legislative body to organise is
 to their apprehension, a feariul omen, and an ex
 tra Constitutional assemblage to consult upon
 public affairs is with them cause for desperation.
 Even Senators speak of the Union as if it exited
 only by consent, and, as it seems to be implied,
 by the assent of tee Legislatures of the States.
 On the contrary, the Union was pot founded in
 voluntary choice, nor does it exist by voluntary
 consent.
 A Union was proposed to the Colonies by
 Frskklin and others in 1704; but 6uch was their
 aversion to an abridgment of their own importance
 respectively, that it was rejected even under the
 pressure of a disastrous invasion by Fraoce.
 A union of choice was proposed to the Colonies
 in 1770 but so strong was their oppositiouthat
 they went through the War of Independence
 without having established more than a mere
 Council of Confederation.
 But with Independence came enlarged interests
 of agriculture, absolutely new interests of manu
 factures, interests of commerce, of fisheries, of
 navigation, of a common domain, common debts,
 of common revenues and taxation, of tbe admiuis
 tration of justice, of public defense, of public hoo
 or, in short, interests of common nationality and
 sovereignty interests which at last compelled the
 adoption of a more perfect union—a National
 Government.
 The genius, talent and learning of Hamilton,
 of Jat, of Madison, surpassing, perhaps, the intel
 lectual power ever excited before for the estab
 lishment of a Government, combined with the
 serene but mighty influence of W ashinqton, were
 only sufficient to secure the reluctant adoption of
 the Constitution that is now the object of all our
 affections and of the hopes of mankind. No
 wonder that ths conflicts in which that Constitu
 tion was born, and the almost desponding solem
 nity of Was ling ton in bis Farewell Address, im
 pressed his countrymen and mankind with a
 profound distrust of its perpetuity No wonder
 that while tbe murmurs of that day are yet ring
 ing iu our ears, we have cherished that distrust
 with pious reverence as a national and patriotic
 sentiment.
 But it is time to prevent abases of that senti
 ment. It is time to shako off t tat fear, for fear
 is always weakness. It is time to remember
 that Government, even when it arises by chance
 or accident, and is administered capriciously and
 oppressively, is ever tbe strongest of all human
 institutions, surviving many social and ecclesias
 tical changes and consuls ons, and that this Gov
 ernment of ours has all the inherent strength
 common to Governments, and added to them is
 ths solidity aod firmness derived from broader
 and deeper foundations in natural justice, and
 from a better civil adaptation to promote the
 welfare and happiness of mankind,
 Ths Union, the creation of necessities physical,
 moral, social and political, endures by virtue of
 the same necessities, and these necessities are
 stronger than when it was produced, and by tbe
 greater amplitude of territory now covered by
 it;—stronger by tbe six-fold increase of tbe soci
 ety living under its benificent protection;—stron
 ger by the augmentation ten thousand times of
 the fields, the work shops, tbe mines and the ships
 of that society, of its productions of the sea, of
 ths plow, of tbs loom, aod of ths aovil, in their
 coastaot circle of internal and international ex
 changes {—stronger in tbs long rivers penetrating
 regions before unknown; —stronger in all the ar
 tificial roads, canals and otticr channels and ave
 nues essential not only to trade but to defense
 stronger iu steam navigation, in steam locomotion
 oq tb«t land, and iu telegraph communication*
 unknown when the Constitution wee adopted;—
 stronger in the freedom and in the growing Em
 pire of the ;—stronger iu the element of na
 tional honor i» all lands, and stronger than all in
 ths now settled habits of veneration and affec
 tion for institutions so stupendous and useful.
 The Union then IS, net because merely that
 men choose that it shall be, bat because some
 Government must exist here, aod no other Gov
 ernment than this can. If it should be dashed to
 itoms by the whirlwind, tbe lightning or the earth
 quake to day, it would rise again in all itsjust and
 magnificent proportions to morrow.
 1 have heerd somewhat here, end almost for the
 first time in my life, of divided allegiaoer—of al
 legiance to the South and to the Union—of alle
 giance to States severally, and to the Union. Sir,
 if sympathies with State emulation and pride of
 achievement could be aUov.ed to raise up another
 Sovereign to divide the allegiance of a citizen ot
 the United States, 1 might recognize the claims
 ot tbe State to which by birth and gratitude I be
 long—to tbe State of Hamilton ana Jay, of Sch
 uyler, of (fie. Clintons tad of Fulton—the State
 which, with less than 900 mites of neutral navi
 gation connected with the ocean, ban, by her own
 enterprise, secured to herself ths commerce of the
 Continent, and in strsdily advancing to the com
 mand ot the commerce of the world. Bat tor all
 this, I know only one Country and one Sovereign
 -e-the United States of America and the American
 People.
 And each as my allegiance is, is the loyalty of
 every other citizen of the United Staten.
 As I speak fie will speak when his time arrives;
 ho knows no other country and no other sovere
 ign he bns life, liberty, property, nnd precious
 affections, and hopes for himself nnd for his pos
 terity, treasured up ii the nrk of the Unieo he
 know* well and feels ae strongly as 1 do, that
 this Government is fits own Government that
 be is a part of it that it was established for him,
 and that it is maintained by him; that it is the on
 ly true, wine, just, free, end equal Governmeat
 that has ever existed; that no other Government
 could bo wise, just, free nnd equal i. that &gt;t it a
 safer and more beneficent than any which time or
 made, it has art been because that faction has not
 always existed, aad has not always n
 trial, hot because faction oortd find no fulcrum on
 which le place lb* lever to snhvett the Union, ae
bnt I will not suffer a fear which 1 have not to
 make me compromise one sentiment, one princi
 ple of truth or j aerie*, to avert a danger that all ex
 perience teaches me ia purely chimerical Let
 those then who dismal tbe Union make Com
 promises to save it. 1 rhafl not impeach ibeir
 patriotism, but indulging ao mch apprehensions
 myself, I shall vote for the admission of California
 directly, without conditions, without qualifica
 tion, and without Compromise. For the vindica
 tion of that vote I look not to the verdict of the
 passing i our, disturbed ae tbe public mind now i?
 by conflicting interests and pamions, but to that
 period, happily not for distent, when the vast re
 gions over which we are low legislating, shall
 have received their destined inhabitants.
 While looking forward to that day, its countless
 geneiations seem to me to be rising up and pAsa
 lt gin dim and shadowy review be'ore us. And
 the voice conies forth from their reviewed ranks,
 saying, Waste jour treasures, and your armies,
 if you witl, raze your fortifications to the ground,
 sink ymr navies into the sea, transmit to ns even
 a dishonored name, if you must, but the soil that
 you hold ia trust for ns, give it to us free; you
 found it free and conquered it to extend a better
 and surer freedom over it. Whatever choice you
 have made for yourselves, let us have uo partial
 freedom, let us all be free, let the reversion of our
 broad domain descend to us unincumbered and free
 from the calamities and sorrows of human bon-1
 dage.”
The Executive Committee
 Of tha Western New York Anti-Slavery
 Society, are requested to meet at the house of
 Isaac Post, 36 Sophia street, on Saturday
 March 39, at 3 o’ clock p. m. punctually.
 JOHN DICK, Sec'y
PROCRASTINATION IS THE THIEF OF
 TIME.
 Delay is dangerous—neglect that cold cough a
 few weeks, and tho hope of recovering will be lost
 to you for ever. Let uot any pecuniary consideia
 tion deter you from trying to save your life aod
 health white there is a chance. Consumption is an
 nually sweeping off thousands to' the tomb: no dis
 ease has baffled the skill of physicians like it: no
 physician, perhaps, has ever done more for this
 large class of suffering humanity, than Dr. Wistar.
 An ounce of preventive is woith a pound of cure:’
 therefore,Jbefore your lungs become ulcerated, and
 so diseased that do human means save you from an
 early grave, try in season, try at once, a medicine
 which has beeu of such infinite value to tliousands
 —obtain a bottle of Dr. Wistar’s Balsam of Wild
 1 Cherry, take it, get another iff necessary, persevere
 in' using it until you have removed the disease en
 tirely, which if neglected will terminate your life.
 Pulmonary Consumption has until within a
 few years, been ge erally considered incurable, al
 though many medical men ol the highest standing,
 among whom we might meution Laennee and his
 friend Bayle— both distinguished authors, admit
 that this much dreaded disease may lie cured, even
 iu its advanced stages when tbe lungs are not com
 pletely disorganized.
 Tlie remedy which we now offer,
 WISTAR’S BALSAM Of WILD CIIEEY,
 not only emanates fiom a regular Physician, but
 has been well tested in all the complaints for which
 it is recommended,
 BEWARE OF IMPOSITION.
 9 Remember, the original and only genuine WIS
 TAR'S BALSAM OF WILD CHERRY always
 bears the written signature of I. BUTTS on the
 outside wrapper.
 For sale by Post k Willis; also by Wm.
 Pitkin.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan—Dear) Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was afflic
 ted in his feet from the time he first began to walk,
 the bottoms of which were covered with a hard dry
 skin full of cracks causing pain and much affliction,
 many limes hn was obliged to go on his hands and
 knees, and no time has been free from the sore af
 fliction until now; baffling the skill of several
 Physicians, but to our surprise his feet are now
 perfectly smooth soft and free from cracks, all from
 one application of your Osntment. I-would say
 tlie boy put it an himself fit au experiment sf Ins
 own, from hearing it recomended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 hi* feet were near about in a healthy state,aad are
 now tlie same as though they never had been other-
 Yours, Ac, ISAAC PADEN.
 Gale-burgh, Knox co. 111., April 2,1849.
 (JCJ-See Agents’ names at the head of Sloan’s
 column. For further particulars and testimonials
 get Pamphlets of Agents-
Ql&amp;oertiaements
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, Book-Keeper, Ac
 countant, and Confidential Letter Writer,
 would most respectfully inform his friends and the
 public in general, that he has for their accommoda
 tion, opened his office for the keeping of Book*,
 casting accounts, writing letters upon business, Ac.
 tlie drawing of Bonds, articles of agreement, Con
 stitutions, bye-laws, reports, communications, Ac.
 Ac., at No. 169, South Sixth Street, below Pine,
 where by his strict attention to business he hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 a.m. to 9 p M.
 Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sals of Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
 IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friend* and tlie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Clunks, Ac., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Marinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR VOURSZLVES as we feet
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 feast 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mani er than they can get them made up them
 selves —some good Ck* and Visettes at £3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks, 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low r ri
 ce*. AU persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 56 Main at., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
 Hair-Cutting and Dressing at
 ZD. A J- PATTERSON’* Saloon, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—Sm
 The Old Comity Shop,
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for tbe patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children*#. New aud
 Second band apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment be will buy and sell Hotme and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is bis intention
 to, keep M The Old Csrosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless Variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired aad renovated with neatness
 ■«&lt;l despatch.
 Pout forget M The Old Curoeity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 \JARRATIVt OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 -11 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had st this office, pries 80 cents; new Edit. 87&gt;c
 Best*! Surgery.
 T would respectfully
 Smithes Arcade to my dwelling
 bo qpL»hfi.fkw l past favor* ia the Una ef my profes
 cion,and flattenugmyself flat I can «vt perfect
 mtisfection to all whs may few me wife their pa
 nonage. I weald invite sU those who are de
 sirous 'having operation# performed on fee teeth o'
 of having teeth iaserted to call on am aad satisfy
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. AR operations performed by me on fee
 teeth aad Plata Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. IS. 1848.
 kssms constantly om head a good sssort
 gjoß|jg| fig MMMTUp MMiilt m WTSICIT SUMi
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
W* All tha medicines advertised by W. B. Sloan
 are sold by Post A Willis, Winslow A Young, Ro
 chester; Sh Kettahaw, Frankfort; A. S. Bairstofe
 Co., Lewiston; t. A A. Frye, R rock port; Caleb
 Nye, Pittsford; W. William*, Buff.!); aad by
 mot druggist* throughout the United Hie tee.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOANS OINTMENT is now universally ac
 know fedged to be an infalliiUe remedy, in every
 case wberu it tm* been faithfully applied on the hu
 man system, for promoting In*n»ilde Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation front a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, ami iu its healing
 rdities the work] does not produce its equal, and
 public pronounce it the cheapest aad best Fami
 ly Ointment that bus ever l*cn used. AU disease*
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcer*, Old Sores, Chil-
 Idains, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, S&gt;re Breast*, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the fa-e, aide, Kick, and tbe
 other part* of the rviuen, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruise*, FreshAVo iikls, and every knd ef
 sores containing the feast particle of inflammation
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. K. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, AOgLake st., Chicago, 111.
 DOCTORING IN UAI.XNA.
 Mr. Sloan:—Dear Sir. Alotit litre'year* ag*
 I was severely injured in one of my legs by ths
 falling of a pile of wood w hich occasioned largo
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor ia Gafeai
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and irnprtw- treatment my oilier leg be
 came as bad as t’ originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever I .veil -t ie in order
 that 1 might neglec .o mean* i-.ltiui my reach, I
 purchased of your in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o 4" my surprise and
 gratitude better than I can exptess it, to find my
 self entirely well before I had IlnUlicJ using the
 second box.
 These facts I make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment a* yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, HI., Dec. 19,1849.
 ON HIB RANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir I hereby certify
 that mv son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time he first begun to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times lie was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he lieen free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft an five fi oni -racks, all
 from one application of your hutment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as au experiment of his
 own, from hearing in reeoaMLUkteri Nothing more
 was thought of it for three work at which tints
 his feet were near about in a l»c»Uly Cite, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
 FIVE LARGE DEEP, ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of rite Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, 1 have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcere, just
 above the ankle. Tlie leg was so much swollen he
 oouid not get on a boot. Nearly all tbe most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing Uie swelling and healed two
 of the wires. The oilier three I tailored at till tlie
 first of February, without much if any henefit, when
 I gave hint a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks tie was wet).
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 DORSE MEDICINE
 IN THS WORLD.
[•SLOAN»S OlNTMtiA'fg
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 a GREAT NAME.
BURNT TO CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your UZPARAL
 LELED Ointment. Three week# ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, ami Itelhre tlie flames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It U needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—Tbe medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion. juirtfl
 I feel |indedted to you for my child’* life, and
 anything tliat 1 can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN 11. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28lh, 1849. J
 For Pvnty, Mildness, Safety, Certainty
 and Tharoughntsi S I.OAh'S
 DINT MEAT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all oilier Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for tire cure ot tie following
 Fresh Wounds, Gills of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgnlto, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Siriast,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundereo teeC
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all ipflamniatiou and
 fever, purify tlie blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of die body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of tbe Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly culled stiff complaint.) which proves so
 latal to many Valuable horses in this countiy. It ia
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W.B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Like st., Chicago, Illinois.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 dioes. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, testify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with ron£-
 cenoe. Cures, almost miraculous have been effect* d
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, peimanently, by the use of
 Sloan's Medicines- TRY THEM and test for your
 self their efficacy.— lU- Organ, May 6th, 1849.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OP.
 Extract from the Waukesha Democrat? Win.
 May 9,1849,
 “Sloar’s Medicines.”—A subscriber writing
 from fee town of New Beilis, request* as to say,
 that be has used Mr. Sloan’s Horn Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, aad
 always wife the desired effect, and wife** to
 recommend it to those who have fee are aad care
 of horees. Mr. Sloan’s medicine* are highly
 spoken of generally, and from the favorable ac
 quaintance we have wife that gentleman, we are led
 to believe feat they are ptepa« d ,th
 give a reel benefit to whatever purpose they or* re
 commended.
 RATTLE SMAKK MT*. j
 Dr. W. B. Sloan—lW Sir— Last memth Mr
 A. B. Tarter, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had a
 hms badly bitten on the nose by a Rattlesnake.
 Some ten boor* after, I *aw fee horse, bis head was
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, and wt were astonished at fee
 prompt relief afforded, la lass than owe boor ths
 swelling began to abate, end ia twenty fear hoars it
 had nearly oil subsided, and within tiaras days fea
 horse was not only fit for ase, but was aslMally potto
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 L.*:£s?3fe v
 Cl iCAM, loaf 6th, 1848
"
