"FREDERICK IKM GLASS, KriToll
VOL 111. NO. la.
Th# NORTH STAR I* pabli«ke4 «very
 FtkdAYt So. W, Buffalo Street,
 (OspoMt*lA&gt; A*vmU
 TEEMS.
 Two dollar* per mitmhi. al»a/» j» Mfwyrtr,:. -y,
 ■utMcriptiou wdl fj v tweeiv«U I,* ,u..
 bi\ month*.
 Advertisement* not exceuilmJ tea lines uwerteo
 tliree times for &lt;mm* dollar; e*erj *ub»e&lt;iueut inser
 tion, t.ventx-five cents,

 Ttie object of the No*tH Sji Kwill be to abolish
 SL4VEHY is ad it* form* aad a\*dH advoc-h
 Eu ASCiPATioa exi.lt the ataudaib
 PWf W'lkSi
 sSMJQpove ns u of ibe Colored Fkopek; and
 hutp the tiny of 1 REbDOM to ibe Tiirick
 of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
 IMMILISIIER’S NOTICES.
 i/P* All communications relating to th o bin in***
 nutttn* u. tiie paper, name? of suhscrilier*, n-iuil
 tNocct, Ac.-., *lkmil.l l*- addressed to Fkkdkhick
 Dot’oi. a&gt;s, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 Agents, and all oilier* sending name*, are
 rc picsteJ to lie accurate, amt to give the Po.it office,
 tiie VotrUjt, and ilie UliUe. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited lor money received.
 L 0" Aiiy pei eon -ending in payment for four aub
 *cntiers, to be forwarded to one address, max
 have a hlili copy for o ie year.
 'Kt~ All letter* and communication* most lie post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Mixsachvikttj.—R. 1 Wallcut, 21,Cornliill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 \V. Foster, Lowell; James N. Bulfuni, Lynn;
 Bourne .Spooner, I'lymouth.
 CotSKCTiciJT.— John. Leonard, New llaven.
 Nkiv York.—Sydney 11. Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; Janies M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, Weelbury, Uuceu County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elihs l)oty, Macednn; Wil
 letts Keese, Pern, Ciintou County; J. F. l’latt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Khodk Island.—Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 PKNNttri.v ania J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill,l49,
 Si. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown, Pittsburgh; Wm.
 Wliipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.—J. J. Games, Cincinnati; Valentine
 Nicholson, Harveys burgh, Warren County; Samuel
 Brooke, Salem.
 Michigan.—Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Canada.—John James Carey, Toronto.
oclcttio ns.
SENTIMENTS OF THE COLORED
 PEOPLE OF NEW YORK CITY,
 Respecting the propositions modi in Cong res:
 to settle the Slavery question, and the arres&lt;
 of fugitive slaves.
 A highly important Maw Meeting ol
 (hijzena of the city and cqvar
 cW Twiaf
 nfcfc•4.3th. at the Shiloh
 lFVew?n*ru^n
 ion ena Prioee SEreets, for the purpose
 of STJ.nftng theft views ip relation to
 The qtJesSSs*&lt;W4&gt;ending in Congress,
 to settle the slavery qu Jtion, and the
 recapture of fugitive slaves.
 The meeting having been called to
 order, Mr. Win. A. Tyson was called
 to the chair. Messrs. Louis H. Put
 nam, Thomas Van Kensellaer, and
 Rev! Mr. Gloucester, were appointed
 Vice-Presidents; George T. Downing,
 and John J. Brown, were appointed
 Secretaries to the meeting.
 The Chairman then proceeded to
 address the meeting. He said, some
 week or fortnight ago, a meeting was
 held, at which a committee was ap
 pointed to draft resolutions for the pre
 sent meeting, in regard to the doings
 of Congress, at Washington. This
 was no ordinary time, they may de
 pend upon it. The enemies of the
 Colored race the pro-slavery men
 throughout the country, ahd particu
 larly at the South—were threatening.
 It was, however, only threatening; for
 Calhoun meant no woe in his speech,
 knowing well, as he did, that if matters
 went further than threats, he would
 lose hie cherished institution, and his
 cherished race of lt was in-,
 tended to frighten the Northern Mem-j
 bers, and particularly the Free Soilers,
 into a compliance with his measures,
 and the rejection of California, as a
 free State. Calhoun had been long
 ambitious of the president s chair; hut
 lie was killed oflfby nullification. Re
 solutions would be submitted to the
 mealing, which would express better
 and more concisely what ha meant to
 #a y; and he would, therefore, trespass
 no ionger upon their time. He trusted
 they would so conduct themselves, as
 might favorably compare, as
 *latav a had done, with the meet
 ing 4 al Tauiinany Halt.
 arv then read the pls
 mmxA, AWfig the
 NjjflSmt! l Chairman oPNflbo CaaEßltlee
 Appointed to draw upllfcolutionei^ead
 the report, as tollowA.jj
 The Committee ap||ji||rd pre
 vious meeting, to
 suluiiona. •*pre«s|VMf
 ihu colored p*opW«»f cu* «nd
 county of Ne* Vo*. &lt;&gt;me
 of the een
 placed before the lyjifiWfy* et
 tlernent of the slMpr/ &lt;|»iaq(Pon, and
 the recapture of beg
 leave to present preamble
 and resolutions, a» their report:
 Whereas, the constitution of these
 United States was formed to ensure a
 more perfect union than the articles
 of confederation afforded; to establish
 Justice, and secure the blessings of
 liberty to the people of this country;
 and whereas, free and slave Stales
 have banded together under it, con
 taining within their several forms of
 government the elements of disunion;
 and whereas, the power of legislation
 on all subjects involving the general
 interests of the people, is vested in
 C ngress composed of a Senate «ud
 of Representatives, consisting
 VvL ablest men that can be elected
RIGHT 18 or NO BKX— Tagrra 18 OF M*#5OLOR-
and lbe admission of new slave States
 and whow« rwn tr/ has fctcr. in
 voleed in wars, and unJlione of th
 poblic treasure have been squandered
 and thousands of valuable lives hav
 been sacrificed for the purpose of ob
 taining more soil to augment ths pro
 ductions of the South, and increase tin
 commerce of the North; and whereas
 -Mich have been the stupendous effort
 put forth akm &lt;*»*ve newer of thi
 naUftu, Sow*/, iod|l*Sei
 *oT the people of the *Nordi, as well ai
 some in the South, have become
 alarmed* lest every other interest shal
 be sacrificed to maintain its ascend
 ancy; and whereas, such is now the
 agitation in the councils of the nation,
 in regard to the subject of slavery, a?
 that some* of the ablest minds in Con
 gress, aud out of it, are racking theii
 brains, to originate some compromise
 by which the whole question may be
 settled—now, therefore,
 1. Resolved, that in the deliberate
 judgment of the colored citizens of the
 city and county of New York, no plan
 can be proposed or adopted to arrest
 the discussion, or settle the agitation
 in regard to American slavery, that
 does not aim to effect its entire aboli
 tion.
 2. Resolved, That we must regard
 every admission of a slave State into
 the American Union, by Congress, as
 4 surrender of the principle which the
 Constitution was established to pro
 tect—namely, to secure the blessings
 of liberty; and that the only way in
 which that instrument can be rightfully
 sustained, is to refuse to admit slave
 States into the Union; and for Con
 gress to do ail in its power to abol
 ish slavery wherever it has the consti
 tutional authority.
 3. Resolved, That the proposition of
 Senator Mason, of Virginia, to pass
 more stringent laws for the recovery
 of persons “owing service in one
 State, and escaping into another,” un
 der which all colored persons in the
 free States are subject to be arrested,
 aud hurried into Southern bondage;
 destroys the right of trial by jury for
 all persons so arrested; breaks down
 every safeguard of personal liberty;
 and if passed by Congress, will have
 ntJMUilmg force upon «s f( and tnual be
 rsiristtflbf every Wafts Which mny be
 at our command, fyy|? /at the sacrifice
 4- ResolvedJVbat the adoptipn, by
 the Senate ©f tfhe United States, of Mr.
 Clay’s propositions to “settle and ad
 just all questions of controversy, aris
 ing out of the institution of slavery,”
 so far from accomplishing the end de
 signed by that distinguished Senator,
 must result in prolonging the difficul
 ties by which the subject is now sur
 rounded; in disappointing the hopes ol
 a large proportion of the people of this
 country; in creating false issues in the
 discussions now in progress between
 me friends of freedom and the advo
 cates of slavery; in wasting the peo
 ple’s money, and in imposing upon
 posterity a responsibility which ought
 to be assumed by the present genera
 tion—namely, of doing all in our power
 to remove the cause of difference be
 tween different sections ol the couotry,
 and in restoring to life and vigor the
 great principles set forth in the Declar
 ation of American Independence.
 5. Resolved, That if our Senators,
 and Representatives in Congress, de
 sire to use the power delegated to
 them, for the benefit of the people of
 this nation, they must cease to propa
 gate slavery, and do all in their power
 to spread the area of freedom; they j
 must withdraw the protection of the!
 American flag from the foreign and
 domestic slave trade, and let it untold
 itself as the emblem of liberty, that its!
 stripes he no longer emblematic of the
 scars of oppression, but that its stars
 may shine in the light and glory of
 freedom; they must obey the call for
 the suppression of domestic violence,
 by which one man is made the proper
 ty of another —his wife and children
 torn from him, and he stripped of
 every right; his labor forced from him
 for the benefit of one who exercises,
 ih«» right to violate the virtue of hisi
 wife or daughteFT Tney*TnrisrTewßnrr
 liberty, provide for the common de-,
 fence of the domestic relations of
 every Inhabitant of the country, and
 protect all in the pursuit of happiness;
 they must take from the nation the fes
 tering canker of slavery, and impart
 to it the health and beauty of freedom.
 6 Resolved that having hoped and
 struggled on under the Union, despite
 of prejudice and wrong, we desire its
 perpetuity in view of our hopes and
 expectations, believing that justice still
 awaits us —that our country will short
 ly relieve herself of her present curse,
 and stand forth pre-eminently the
 1 country of the world,
 j 7. Resolved, That the question at
 i present presented to the couotry, is not
 that of liberty or the Union; hut
 should the issue he presented, of liber
 ty or the Union, we would, as a matter
 of course, he found on the side ol
 liberty.
 S Resolved, That the noble and
 manly position taken by the Hon. Wm,
 H Seward, Senator from New York,
 in declaring that the newly-acquired
 Territories should remain intact to
 freedom, end denouncing the Mason
 and Webster project for the purpose of
 the .l.*e ehornblee of the
 i South, \&gt;J capturing the iymg f.git.re
 kidnapping the colored Ireeman,
 i merits our commendation, and should
 receive our warmest gratitude.
 9. Resolved, Thst inasmuch 4a
 large majority of thn legal vetera ol
Massachusetts are inimical to the £j*|f
 are u&amp;ii.g eveiy possible means to re
 move the foul bioi on the
 of the nation, therefore, we
 of the opinion, that the f
 Webster, in a speech reocntlljieH'*;'
 ed by him before the Sena® fit
 United States, “wilfully,
 knowingly,” violate the j
 reposed in kiirn by hit Coust‘jMHNwPJ’l
 giving ntterance to jf juvrjßjßwnM
 ance with their sentiment s,|® «y**f
 eating the doctrine, that iiffr
 States inuat be formed out °ty&amp;P
 lory now claimed by
 fact, giving the weight of h IMuII
 name to sanction and legalize the J
 spreading and increasing o 1 the
 man traffic in flesh and blood, and
 which must have a tendency to lessen;
 him in tiia opinion of those who ha\e
 heretofore viewed him as the Gbd
 like.”
 10. Resolved, That in order to en-,
 large the borders of treedomtferrito'ial
 government ought to be estaDlished in:
 all territories belonging to the Upi,ed
 States, upon the basis of the W ilmot
 proviso, or on some similar legislative
 enactment, that will have a tendency
 to harmonize with the sentiments ex
 pressed in the Declaration of Ameri
 can Independence, and that free Stains’
 ought to be admitted into the Unisn.j
 having republican constitution*, aad
 guaranteeing to all their cititeqs cqdsl
 rights and privileges, without any dis
 tinction whatever.
 11. Resolved That should a dissi u
 of the Union occur by any act of le
 slaveholding States to defender o
 gate slavery —should any of them beso
 rasli and inconsiderate as to jnglp out;
 of the pan of the Union because it be
 gins to warm a little lor freedom—-they
 may find themselves in a tire blazing
 with fury; they may find that they have
 proved the vengeance of God and arm
 ed bondmen for the defence of his life
 and his liberty; they may find that they
 have drawn upon themselves a thun
 derbolt of Heaven red with uncommon' 1
 wrath, to blast the criminals who have i
 traded in the bodies and souls of their j i
 fellowmen (Signed)
 John J. Zuille, l
 jT 1
 Louis H. Putnam, g
 Daniel J. Elston, 1 5L
 -—^jrtftMiArru^
 Mr. Downing moved the adoptioiyifj
 the foregoieg. i
 Mr. Van Kenselaer seconded the j j
 motion.
 The Preamble and resolutions were 1
 supported by Messrs. John J. Zuille,
 Louis H. Putnam, Philip A. Bell,
 James N. Gloucester, Thomas Van
 Ranseluer, Geo. T. Downing,Jeremiah
 Powers, and Robert Hamilton, and
 were adopted with enthusiasm by the;
 meeting.
 Resolved, That the Proceedings of j
 this meeting be published in the "‘North] 1
 Star,” the Impartial Citzen,” the
 “National Era” at Washington, and
 that other papers throughout the coun
 try he and are hereby respectfully 1
 requested to copy them.
 Great interest was all*
 present in the proceedings until a late
 hour when on motion the meeting ad-'
 joirned. j
 WILLIAM A. TYSON, Pres.
 Loris H. Putnam,
 Daniel A, Tilghmam Vic j
 Thomas Van Re.nssalaer Pres.
 James N Gloucester
 George T. Downing c 1|
 id i aecretanes.
 John J Brown
 i
 From ihe Liberator.
 GREAT MEKXINC IN FANEUI I
 HALL.
 Pursuant tt&gt; a call in the publie jour-i
 nals for a meeting of citizens, vfpbouti
 distinction of party, to express their
 strong moral reprobation of the senti
 ments contained in the recent speech
 of the Hon. Daniel Webster in the
 U. S. Senate, a large concouree of
 citizens assembled in Fnn*uil Hall on I
 Monday evening,2sth instant,and ware
 called to order, at 7 1-2 o’clock, by
 Francis Jackson, Esq.
 wnlb^fuappSn ite'd* officers of the
 meeting:
 President —Samuel E. Sewall, Eaq.
 Vice Presidents—Francis Jackson,
 Esq., Win. I. Bowditch, Esq., Benja
 iniu French, Esq.
 Secretaries William A. Vvnile,
 Samuel May, Jr.
 Mr. Sewall on taking the chair, read
 the call for the meeting, and
 forcible and striking remarks.
 Mr. YV. A. YVhitc read to the ■jjfpt
 ing an admuable letter which hadffcen
 received from Hon. Charles F AtMifea.
 The Rev. Theodore Parker adJfcs
 sed the meeting in a speech of
 power and eloquence. [We are flip
 py to learn that the speeches of Mr.
 Parker, aqd of the other gent!eineft&gt;*l
 this meeting, are to be reported iujpll,
 and will be speedily published.]
 At the close of his speech, Jif*
 Parker presented the following
 lutions: j*
 Resolved, That we cnosider the tpfet
 tion of Slavery in the Territories ofltie
 United States, now before the Ceej
 ress of the nation, as paramount tf«i!
 merely commercial, or political Mo
 tions now before us; that it dm ip
 and demands the serious attention®
 the People themselves, for torn w«’u®
 of millions of men depends on the
 decision that shall be made.
 fteeolved, That the recent speed! of
 Hon Daniel Webster, in the Sewte
 of the United States, on the subject of
 Slavery, is alike unworthy of a *»*f
UOCHSafrK, N. BAY, APRIL 5. 1850.
■l* a j
 Lb-,
 vari
 lion,
 iena
 a its
 New
 the
 e ot
 od,”
 body
 new
 ibor,
 and that the war will Mexico was
 waged to acquire this tfrrri ory and to
 extend Slavery over if. (2d.) By
 giving his sanction to*ll Bill and its
 amendments now befoll the Senate,
 which aims fosever to deprive every
 fugitive of the right toja trial by jury
 to decide upon his cotflition, —a bill
 which enables the slavliolder to seize
 any person whom he nay choose, and
 on his affidavit bring tyn before any
 judge of the United Sties eourts, be
 fore any commissioner, jrlerfc, or mar
 shal thereof, before ana Postmaster or
 Collector of the the United
 States, present at that ne, and on the
 decision of the most pgtjr Postmaster,
 Collector, or Clerk, cn| Commjsioner
 of, an United States court, hurry his
 vg&amp;tim otf to the South ind irremedia
 ble bondage; a bill wlfllTi allows the
 slave -hunter his oath aad forbids it to'
 and which lunishes with a
 fine of One Thousand fiollurs, and 12
 months’ imprisonment, *ny one who
 shall “aid, abet, or assi|” the fugitive
 UK escape from his pursier. (3d.) By
 avowing his readiness tdvote 200 mil
 lion dollars of the pubfc money for
 Lho purpose of expatriating the free
 colored population of jthe South, —a
 measure tending to baiefit only the
 Breeders of Slaves and the oppressors
 3f mankind. (4th.) By maintaining that
 four new Slave States may be made out
 &gt;f Texas, and thdt Congress has no
 right to oppose their admission as such
 into the Union.
 Resolved, That it is snwortliy of a
 senator troin Massachusetts, after
 1 welling on the allegedvftn* vances
 which the South the
 North, to'omit in hiqemnkda jepeenkahli
 iiWsion orTofhe
 &gt;fthe Southern Skates, by which free
 colored citizens 6f t!4» 'North, when
 going to the South on board ships, are
 aken and shut up in jail,—and in his
 printed speech to treat the matter with
 mostwlender and delicate reproof.
 Wendell Phillips, Esq., nex ttook the
 floor, and made a close and able ex
 amination of the principal points in
 Mr. Webster’s speech.
 The Rev. Samuel R. Ward, of,
 Syracuse. N. V., (Editor of the Im
 partial Citizen) made a brief, but effec
 tive speech, alluding to the pro-slavery
 attitude of Daniel Webster, and that,
 other Daniel (Senator irom New York) I
 Daniel S. Dickinson. f
 The resolutions were then adopted
 bylgn unanimous and emphatic vote.
 AdiLlhe meeting adjourned sine die.
 S. E. SEWALL, President.
 Francis Jackson,
 Win. I. Bowditch, Vice Pres.
 Beuj. V. French. j
 •William A. While, Secrelarie
 Samuel May, Jr.
 From the N. Y. Eresing
 LETTER FROM HON. WM.JtY TO
 THE HON WM. NELSON, M. C. j
 New York, 16th March, 1850. j
 My Dear Sir—Avaiiiag* myselt of
 ypw kind invitation to give you myj
 sentiments at any time, oo topics occu
 pying the attention of Congress, 1
 wrote to you a lew weeks ago, in rela
 tion lo the compromise proposed by Mr.
 Clay. Since the date of that letter, you
 and 1, and indeed the whole nation,
 hetii bden astounded by the strange
 cogipe* pursued in the Senate by Mr.
 WfbtUtr. 1 inquire not into his mo-
 Tiven. To bis own mastei he standeth
 or fail el h; but certainly it must be ad
 u,. —J
 cent somerset is one of till boldest and
 ever thrown by n
 political tumbler. 1 will lot inflict up
 on fnu, a min ate examination of his la
 mfljtable spe« ch, but I will take the
 iib&amp;ty to call your attention to a few
 ofSrprommeitt points.
 Qen. Cass frankly coifessed that,
 witk’ regard to the Wibot Proviso,
 “a f£»ange had come ovgr him”# but
 J4 f /\y e bster, while his fersonal iden
 ittj n elmoM wholly desfroyed, while
 tcflifceJy afi gment of t! ft former man
 refltttus, is under the halluciuatioo,
 that be is the same Daniil Webster as
 befef«, and hile denouncing and ndi
 cuing the proviso, pro!esse* to be as
 «u*devol&lt; &lt;1 to its principle as ever!
 Hi now pours contempt, not only
 npsnbJegislauve instructions, but also
 vpgfejegisla ite expressioas of hostility
 to eaten-ion of slavery. “I should
 be willing to receive frstn the Legis
 lature of Massachusetts any instrue
 tioodia presnJ resolutions expressive of
 mny crjfuions hatreer on th* subject of
 iJiiuW W for two reasons; first, I do not
 con#m#r that the L gudstwe of Mas
 ber JlfresontlßVe, fc*xe anything to
 %)n the lstlUdHilHt 6 read
 in the Senate
 ry resolutions setts
 lb.o r.buU hi.
GOO IS THK KATHRK UK 01 AIJ* A*l» AI.I. MKN ARK WRKTIIIO V
m I
 «tet« far —doling with uLal was roar
 of t»uM»e««r Hear tom—»“! thank
 her (Massachusetts for if, and an
 raouo of her, for she has denounced
 the whole object for which our armies
 are now traversing the mountains ot
 Mexico. If anything is certain, it i»
 that the sentiment of the whole north is
 utterly opposed to the acquisition of
 territory to be formed into was slarr
 holding states.'^ Cong. Globe, p, 55- r
 In ASUfeMr. 4^T f
 committee, submitted (o wr Boston
 meeting two resolutions, viz: That
 the Congress of the United States poss
 ess the constitutional power upon the
 admission of any new state created be
 yond the limits of the original territory
 of the United States, to make the pro
 hibition of the further extension of sla
 very or involuntary servitude in such
 new state condition of its admission
 and that “It is just and expedient that
 this power should be exercised by Con
 gress upon the admission of all new
 states erected beyond the original lim
 its of the United States.” .Vote Mr.
 Webster, as the representative of Mas
 sachusetts in Congress does not con
 sider that he has anything to do with the
 subject of slavery!
 When it was ascertained, during the
 war, that new territory would be acqui
 red, and when it was openly avowed
 that it was to become slave territory,
 the House of representatives passed
 Mr. Wilrnot’s proviso, expressly exclu
 ding slavery from the territory to be
 thus acquired. This, he as well as we
 know, led to a violent political agitation.
 What part did Mr. Webster take in
 this agitation? In 1847, he addressed
 a meeting of his own party, and declar
 ed-—There is not a man in this hall
 WHO HOLDS TO THE PRINCIPLE OP THE
 Wilmot Proviso more firmly than
 I do.” The principle of the proviso
 was the exclusion of slavery, by act of
 Congress from the territory to be acqui
 red from Mexico, and that territory we
 all knew, was none other than New
 Mexico and California.
 The agitation, waxed fiercer and
 fiercer. The whig party at the north
 pledged themselves to the proviso; the.
 Legislature of Massachusetts, as we
 fiavc seen unanimously declared for the
 exclusion of slavery from New Mexico
 and California, and Mr. Webster pub-j
 licly thanked his statu, and was proudi
 Massachusetts nominated Mr. Webster
 for the Presidency, and he stood before!
 the country os the Wilmot Proviso can
 didate. General Taylor was ultimately
 selected as the whig candidate, and
 was supported by the northern whigs,
 on the pledges made by his friends,
 that he would not vote the proviso, i
 General Cass, on the other hand, was
 the avowed anti-proviso candidate, and
 as such, was opposed by the whole
 whig party at the north. The great is- j
 sue on which the election turned in the
 free states, was the prohibition or per-'
 mission, by Congress, of slavery in
 New Mexico and California. After
 the candidates were nominated, and
 while the whole country was convulsed
 with this issue, what was the course of
 Mr. Webster? Dissent from his nor
 thern friends? Did he tell them the is
 sue they had made was a nonsensical
 one? Hear him once more. On the
 10th August l!&lt;48, after New Mexico
 and California were acquired, he rose
 in the Senate and thus delivered him
 self: “My opposition to the increase
 of slavery in this country, or to the in
 crease of slave representation, is gen
 eral and universal. It has no refer
 ence to the lines of latitude or points of
 the compass. I shall oppose all
 such extension at all times and un
 der ALL CIRCUMSTANCES, EVEN AGAINST
 ALL AGAINST ALL SUP
 POSED IflNlTATldff OF GREAT INTERESTS
 AGAIN? rALt cdm» INATIONS, AGAINST
 To d£it, let att |sk, did this solemn,
 emphatte, ußqwatfabd asseveration re
 fer? BH he lheh4now that there was
 not a fail ff fejntory in the United
 StatesrfOVen #h»ci it was not morally
 and pbyefaali/ impossible to extend
 slaverw WfU hft-g)romisiug, in these
 oddojw: whai h*
 never be attempt
 ed on maß this pledge before
 this cofajMhl mental reservation
 to unit? General Cass
 and -in denouncing
 and scorninglfie proviso? Did be de
 sire to keep up an angry agitaiioo,
 throughout the nation for electioneering
 purposes, and did be thus intimate
 his belief in the danger of the extension
 of slavery and slave representation,
 when he well knew that the fiat of the
 Almighty had rendered such extention
 impossible? Was be then acquainted
 with the “law of physical geography,”
 which would render the proviso “a re
 enactment of the will of God?” and did
 be purposely conceal the secret of this
 j law in his own breast, when, by reveal
 ing it, he might have stilled the raging
 billows of popular passion which threat
 ened to engtdf the Uuioo To suppose
 all this, would be to impute to Mr.
 Webster a degree of trickery end tur
 pitude rarely paralleled even among
 politicians. Hence we are bound to
 assume that the lew of nature, on which
 be new relies, is a recent discovery,
 subsequent at least to the I(hh August
 1 ms.
 It is. however, extraordinary, that a
 gentleman of his acquirements, did not
 sooner become acquainted with this
 “LAW 0F FHYSICAL GEOGEArHT—THE
 LAW or THE FORMATION OF THE EARTH
 THAT SETTLES FOREVER, BEYOND ALL
 j TERMS Of HUMAN ENACTMENT, THAT
 i slavery cannot exist in California
 or flaw Muieo.*’ it is to be regrev-
Mr. WthaHr. Jnl not c«#d*&gt;
 sccodto demonstrate the existent*
 this lav and to explaiu the mode «t
 operation. He indeed tell* u* thm
 our new territories are “Asiatic
 their formation and scenery;” butthi*
 fact does not prove his law, since sla
 very bee existed for ages, amid th*
 scenery of Asia; it exists in the des
 erts of Africa, has existed in eferj
 country of Europe, and now exist in
 (lilt flfirr-n “regt&lt;&gt;niy&gt;r i’hl*
 1a w, inoreorpu iu u s*Nii vyt»ee offset
 ed by the Creator since ISM, or its
 operation must have been previously
 suspended in deference to the Spanish
 government; for under that government
 negro slavery did exist in New Mexico
 and California, and i» ceased in 1814,
 not by the law of “physical geography,
 but by a Mexican edict. Thousands
 of slaves are employed in the mines o!
 Brazil, and Mr. Webster does not ex
 plain how bis law forbids their employ
 ment in tiie mines of California.—Mr.
 Webster ridicules the application of the
 proviso to Canada, in case of annexa
 tion. I neither see nor feel the point
 of his wit—slavery is already prohibi
 ted by the local law of Canada, but were
 it not, most certainly ought to be pro
 hibited as a condition of annexation.
 New Y r ork adjoins Canada, and Mr
 Webster probably regards the prohibi
 tion of slavery in our recent constitu
 tion as the height of absurdity. In
 17G0 there were 21,000 slaves in New
 York, and on the 4th of July 1827,
 about 10,000 slaves were emancipated
 not by Mr. Webster’s law, but by act
 of the Legislature, and the number
 would have been much greater, had
 not laws for their gradual emancipation
 been in operation since 179*3. For a
 long period, slavery flourished in New
 York undisturbed by abolitionists
 The absence of all anti-slavery agita
 tion was as perfect as Mr. Webster’s
 heart could desire. Stray negroes
 were caught with almost as much ease
 as stray pigs. Neither pulpit nor press
 ruffled the happy serenity of the slave-'
 holders. But this blissful repose was;
 suddenly broken in 1741, by rumors of
 an intended insurrection. Courts and
 executioners were immediately put into
 requisition, and in pursuance of judici
 al sentences, thirteen slaves mere btumi
 alive at the stake in the city of -Vett?
 York, eighteen were hanged, and sev
 distressed by the supposed unhappy in
 fluence of the anti-slavery agitation up
 on the condition of the slaves. They
 were never better treated, were never
 less miserable than at the present mo
 ment. The more public observation is
 directed to the conduct ot the masters
 the less reprehensible will that con
 duct be.
 The promulgation of the law of
 “physical geography” seems to make
 no impression on the slave-holders, as
 they contiune as ravenous as ever for
 the new territories. But with one ac
 cord they unite with the pro-slavery
 democrats at the north, and with our
 northern politicians and merchants ea
 ger for southern votes and southern
 trade, in lauding and glorifying him, j
 not for his discovery of a new law of
 nature, but for his discovery of a na
 tional pledge, to receive into the
 Union three slave states to be
 formed out of the Texan territory—for
 his denunciation of the proviso, and for
 his promised aid in catching the future
 Latimers who may be found on the soil
 of Massachusetts.
 Congress by the constitution may ad
 mit new states at discretion, and
 hence new states have been admitted
 on various conditions. The joint reso
 lutionaadmitting Texas imposed restric
 tions on this power. Congress may,
 with the consent of Texas, admit one
 state north of 3f&gt;deg 30m but if admit
 ted it must be as a free state- Con
 gress may admit three states, with the 1
 consent of Texas south of that line;
 but if admitted, no restriction in regard
 to slavery can be imposed on them.
 Mr. Webster now finds in these resolu
 i tiona what bad escaped the knowledge
 of both the north and the south, viz, a
 national PLEDGE to admit three
 j slave ititm. As no state can be ad
 'mttted without the consent o! Tex
 !as and as that consent will be
 withheld for a state north of 3&lt;&gt;deg fttlrn
 it follows according to Mr. Webster,
 that we have made a one-sided bargain;
 of the four contemplated states we
 must have rhree with sjavery, but are
 to be cheated out of the one with free
 dom. This discovery, whten has taken
 the whole natiou by surprise is like the
 discovery of the geographical law, of
 recent dste.
 On the 22d March, 1848, Mr. Web
 ster was ignorant of this national pledge
 lln bis speech in the Senate, on that
 day, alluding to the joint resolutions,
 he remarked:
 “If you refer to the resolutions pro
 viding for the annexation of Texas,
 j you find a proviso that it shall be in the
 I power or Congress hereafter to make
 four new states out of Texas territory
 —present and prospective five new
 states; ten new senators wtv come in
 to the Union out of Texas.”— Houston's
 Ik ports p. 404.
 Mr. Webster pledges hirnsalf to vote
 for the bill now pending m the Sen***
 for the recovery of fugitives slaw*, by
 which a citizen of Massachu»« (t
 be converted into a beast ef burthen,
 and by which any man or women may
 1* m»d e to p. r $l. B*&gt;.
 Jssgusrpgrs
 cri e S** 11 aldin| him m
I«tl\ I'IU. p.,.m
WHOLE NO. 11l
out of hie. hbertv end haaom— e
 Possibly Mr. Webster may berueAer
 liiaroter a la« of huinau nitara that
 Will render tins pledge m worthless at
 Km geographical law has reaeered aa
 hit proviso pledge Let u* taqusre mlo
 the practical working of lh&gt;a proposed
 law.' A’* Mr. Webster if tMj
 he ofcourse, can have no c 4
 objection to aid m executingJfr
 then imagine a scene in
 wMeDCjj with the position hejHKjkflßMhiMi
 On his return from Washington, he
 is followed by Messrs. Hill and Bruit),
 who retain him in a prosecution they
 have commenced against &amp;&lt;flostoa mat
 ron. She had harbored their beauti
 ful slave, for whom they had lately de
 manded eighteen hundred dollars, and
 who had effected her escape from bon
 dage and outrage. The cauae is ready
 for trial, not before u postmaster, or
 other solitary offiicial, but, as in this
 case it hiujl be, before a Boston Jury.
 The Court is opened and the jury em
 panneled, but the room is thronged to
 suffocation, and an anxious multitude
 without is striving for admittencc. A
 cry is heard, to Faneul Haul. Ihe
 court yields to the wishes of the peo
 ple. The lady, guarded by constables,
 and Di.viil Webster, locked arm in
 arm with his Alexandrian clients, wand
 their way to the Hall. The judges
 and jury have taken their seats, the
 old Cradle of Liberty is filled to its ut
 most capacity with citizens of Boston,
 the silence of the grave pervades the
 vast assembly, but men’s hearts are
 heating with unwonted violence, and
 scorn and indignation are distorting
 the lineaments of every countenance.
 Damel Webster rises as counsel for
 the prosecution,and Hancock and War
 ren, and the Adamses, and other apos
 tles and martyrs of New England lib
 erty, seem to look down upon him
 from their canvass with unnatural
 sternness. The fee-ed advocate ot the
 slave traders, turns to the jury with
 some little embarrassment ot mantiar,
 some tremor ot muscle. He commen
 ces his address with a learned expos
 ition of the constitution. Next follows
 a soul-stiring eulogium upon our glor- t
 fgfrf
 But he lias a sacred duty to perform,
 and fearlessly will he discharge it.
 The cause of human freedom, and of
 human rights, and the preservation of
 our glorious Union, upon which that
 freedom and those rights depend, re
 quire, imperatively require, that this
 lady, virtuous and benevolent as she
 may be, shall be torn from her hus
 band and children, and immured with
 felons in Leveret street jail, for six
 months. Ho intimates, that this is
 only a portion of the punishment due to
 the crime of the prisoner. His injured
 clients are enittled to one thousand dol
 lars from the husband of the lady, and
 the insulted majesty of the Uniou claims
 from the same source, satisfaction to
 the amount of five hundred dollars.
 After a high wrought peroration on the
 obligations of justice and good faith,
 he calls a witness to prove the guilt of
 the prisoner. At this point he is inter
 rupted by the opposite counsel. Who in
 forms the jury he will not detain them
 by the examination of witnesses. The
 prisoner freely, cheerfully, admits the
 act with which she is charged. It is
 true that she saw in the panting fugi
 tive at her door a representative of
 Him who said "inasmuch as ye did it
 unto one of the least of these, my
 brethren, ye did it unto me.” She
 did take her in; she did feed, and
 clothe, and lodge, and conceal, and
 succor her. If, m thus obeying the
 flaw of God, she has broken that of
 rnan, she is willing, if needs be, to suf
 fer bonds in His cause, who gave his
 j jite tor her. 4*e then msntains that
 the constitution imposes upon the •tale*
 i learned counsel for the prosecution,
 expressed in his late speech*in the
 I Senate. But he rests the defence of
 the prisoner on higher grounds than
 constitutional law. Ha appeals to the
 i.aw or love written upon the human
 heart, and proclaimed by the voice of
 the bon of God, and if the constitution
 of the United States abrogates this law,
 I then is it a conspiracy against the vir
 i tue of man and the government of Je
 hoAth, and therefore null end void.
 The cause is submitted by the court,
 with a brief intimation to the jury,
 that hi criminal case they sra tbo
 jadges of the late as well as of the fact.
 The jury, without leering their box,
 return a verdict of pciLTT. Ac
 the words ere c.ught by the attending
 I multitude, P'"* U P d
 vent iti l»uJ «»'l prolonged hurr.bi;
 end the once favorite soo of New Lng
 land blanches as he hears w the tnum
 bMnt shouts of the reorLC, the knell
 of bis own fame and power.
 Be it, that all this is fiction. Ales!
 lit is fiction founded on sact— founded
 on Mr. Webster’s broken pledgee
 —founded on his open apoetacy from
 the cause of freedom founded on hie
 proclaimed intention to vote for e law
 outraging alike the persona) security
 of the citizen and the obligation of tbu
 1 Christian. Mr. Webster treats with
 1 disrespect the legislatures of Jsurtee^
"
