"•«*te» of the free north, whi«*» bave
 protested against the extend'’ 0
 «ry to the new territor.**, not by quei
 'ioning the binding force of their in
 struction, but by virtually rebuking
 them all for expneMing "any opinion
 whatever” 1 in relation to slavery, and
 by insisting that they “have nothing
 to do”with a question occupying the
 thoughts and enlisting the fcelinga ot
 every citizen, and involving the honor,
 power and prosperity of our country
 and the happiness or degradation of un
 born millions of the human race.
 HHe pay» a sorry compliment (to the
 common sense of the people in offering
 to them at the eleventh hour, a new
 and unheard-of law of “physical geo
 graphy,” together with the “Asiatic
 scenery and formation” of the con
 quered territories, as an excuse for vio
 lating the faith lie had plighted, in be
 half of the proviso He has shocked
 the moral sense of a large portion ol
 the community, bv giving in advance
 his sanction to a law w hich suspends the
 libarty or bondadc of a citizen on the
 affidavit of a slaveholder, and the
 judgement of a post-master—a law
 whieii sympathy for guiltiest
 misery into crime, ind threatens to ten
 ant our jails with our moat estimable
 mtjLand women.
 r Webstar underrates the iotelJ
 igafkce of the masses. Relying on th&lt;
 southern affinities of our commercta
 cities, on the eubservieacy of politi
 cians, on tb« discipline of party* and or
 his owtf great influence, Mr. Webstei
 looks doirn upon the people; but the
 time-is probably not far distant wher
 the people will cease to look up to him
 Parties will accept of any leaders wh&lt;
 can acquire for them the spoils of th&lt;
 day; but in the political history oT oui
 country, the people have never placei
 their affections upon any man, in whos&lt;
 stability and consistency they did no
 confide.
 I remain, dear sir, yours truly,
 WILLIAM JAV.
 XXXIat Congress.—ln Senate.
 [From the Report ol tlie N. V. Tribune.]
 Washington, Wednesday. March ‘JO.
 Mr. Foots appeared in his seat.
 After the usual morning business th
 Senate resumed the consideration of Mr
 Cl.at *8 resolutions of compromise, and Mr
 flsie resumed and concluded his remarks ii
 reply to Mr. Calhoun’s romance of History
 with inference to the Slavery agitation. H&lt;
 denied that Abolitionism had grown and he
 come powerful by the aid or countenance o
 the great political parties at the North. Oi
 the contrary they had attained whatever po
 sition they now occupy in despite of fhosr
 parties. In illusttation of this position ht
 referred to the various abolition nots which
 had occurred in various places in the Nortli
 in years past.
 Mr. Dawson, interposing, said he believed
 there w as one mob in Dover, N. ii. to w hich
 the Senator had not icferred. He hoped an
 explanation ol that occurrence would be
 given.
 Mr. Hall ssid he never heard of any
 ■uch inob. The Senator must have found
 in ibe same book which contained the false
 ot abolition emissaries being sen!
 »oinug the -Paves to excite them to msuriec
 a y connection with it, what?
 took lit constitution a i ground just as tut de
 signed now to do, defending the constitutions
 righis ol the South. [Laughter.J That meet
 ing, however, exhibited nothing like the
 spirit of a mob nor did it approach to it any
 thing like as much as the Senate does some
 times. [Renewed laughter.] There was nt
 violence, no attempt at violence. Alluding
 incidentally to the position assumed a few
 days since bv Mr. Webster, he expressec
 ins sincere regret that lie could not agrei
 with his views then expressed, while lie re
 joiced th it he could agree with what thai
 distinguished Senator sad, two years ago n
 the Senate, upon the same subject, declarer
 decided, eternal, ancoinpronnsing hostility u
 the extension of Slavery. Mr. Hale proceed
 ed, at considerable length, wall some forcible
 and occasionally humorous lemarka in reply
 to Mr. Webster, charging hiui with incon
 a latency. He also examined the pending biJ
 lor the recapture of fugitive slaves, contend
 tog that us provisions weie subversive of goo&lt;
 order, and every principle of the Constitu
 lion.
 Mr. Cass, interposing, put a question no
 distinctly heard bv the reporter, but under
 stood to call lor an explanation of the prince
 pl« under which Mr. Sev\ard, alter taking an
 oath to support the Constitution, could refuse
 to carry out its provisions because lie believed
 «hem to be in contravention of the laws ol
 Clod.
 Mr.SxwAßii—l stand by every word that
 I oitored on that subject on the occasion in
 terred to* a» it 1S recorded. 1 have no expla
 nations to make here nor elsewhere. My
 position* are not without explanations there.
 I have only to say that my conscience is in
 uiy own keeping, and that the consciences ol
 others are in theirs—they will take care of
 their own, and, by God’s help, Wl( i
 t-aie of mine.
 Mi. Cass mads no reply.
 Mr. Hale res«|#d, with some general
 remarks upon the question at issue between
 the two sections, incidentally alluding m
 powuou wjteo Speaker for the
 Messrs’. BI'7LXR, Klim, anti Foote denied
 tiiHSvMr t ajhoon assaftm-d to speak fui the
 Sowtla.
 Mr. Hale read several passages in which
 Mr. Calhoun says what the South objects to,
 what will please the .South. It that was
 tor the South, what v.as it
 M*. Fooix Mr. Hale that Mr.
 :,,a
 Mi. Ha lx admitted the statement and
 said that, with the explanation, u. t mteience
 was regular that when Mr. Calhoun said the
 South, he meani himseit (Great laughter.)
 In concluding, Mr. Hale o [liei Umi Ul
 North were aggressive, an.l u» B re d u out
 •»ge the rights ol the South.— Thev a.a
 Jeure einiiicination, and the in.pj.ive., r
 the cond.uon of man. They d!i h
 the day would come when the word „i ave
 wou.d be Without a meaning. They did
 des.gn lo opersn- upon, or through.‘the t in
 stitution; they o*»;red lo operate upon rh e
 hearts and conscien*,* u ,e ople 4 ,f
 slaveholding States, am hoj.cd lo secure their
 hearty cooperation, 111 bi«* uij y al&gt;uul UIM da
 when oppression, of every ci. a(at U r sjH&gt;ij .j
 hare no place in any country U|lu||
 They ask not the aid of human p -\err,m&lt;.i.'.,*
 lo bring this about; they knew perfectly
 that, under the Constitution, Congress n*,j
 right to give such aid, but they did ask,
 lustice, mat the govermuent be not put i;i iht
 way of this work.
 Mr. Chase obtained the floor, and the fur
 her consideration of the subject was post
 pui.ed until 1 uesday neat.
 R*- Moore's motion lor a Select l onilinllec
 till Friday next.
 l‘ a *lDg the flour, ihe Prcai
 iant Caororm* Message was postponed until
 Monday next.
 Mr. HvMta bavmg the door, tlm census
 4il *M ibdtt lakeo up, amended, atH J diacua-
I sed until after four o’clock, when the Senate
 adjourned.

 Settee or Mr. Giddings,
 according to all accounts, made a very sale
 e hott *P«ch on the Ifttb inat., in Co»-
 m.uee of the Whole We bare not teen ant
 report of it yet. but it will douhtieae come to
 hand toon, when we hope to find room for
 extracts. He did net forget to pay hi* ree
 pecta to the sleek Mr. Winthrop, the ‘Art
 tui L&gt;odge r (root Boston. The correspondent
 of Ihe 1 nbune toys that be was listeoed to
 with undivided attention. His bean was foil,
 and he thundered out his anathemas and
 axioms with great vehemence. In a firm
 voice he declared that there siiould by do
 s'ave-market in the territories of the Ameri
 can Union—and that Western Texas should
 I come in free—free as the glorious breose that
 fanned the fathers of the Republic when they
 were engaged in the struggle for indepen
 dence.—W ouid that all the members of Con
 eress flora the North were ttue as Joshoa
 R. Giddimrs.— Anii-SJ/irmi finale.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, APRIL 5, iB6O.
 1 Hr. North Bt*r it sent tofr iendi
 j who do not take the paper, in the hope that thej
 may tto aubecrile for it. Subacriptioca and
 donatjoti for the name may be safely eackmad, ad
 dreaeed to Frujibici D»»«uh, Boehtater
 ,'icv.
 {D“ Wanted— Several Tbavelliss Auiti,
 to procure aabeeribera for the North Star. A
 libera! comtmaion will be given. None heed apph
 I but aueli aa can brio* good recommendations foi
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 F.RiCK DoUfiLass, Kocliester, N. I’.
 Mass Meeting in (oriithian Hall.
 A Mass Meeting of the citizen* of Roch
 I ester, irrespective of aect or party, will b
 held in Corinthian Hall, on Friday afternooi
 t; and evening, April sth, to sustain the nobl
 position maintained hy Seward, Mann, Chase
 Bissell, Stevens, and their noble compeers i
 Congress, in their manful efforts in behalf c
 Freedom, —to protest against the passage c
 any law in Congress converting the people c
 the North ioto bloodhounds to hunt dow
 fugitive slaves, —and to consider such othe
 important matters as the present crisis dt
 mands.
 Several distinguished speakers are er
 gaged. Discussion free to all.
 i Open at 2p. m., and at 7 1-2 evening.
 Rochester, April 2, 1850.
 Oath to Support the Constitution.
 1 he present i 9 a peculiarly fitting time t
 examine the nature of, and the obligations im
 posed by, an oath to support the Constilutioi
 of the Inited States. The recent speech o
 the Hon. W. H. Seward has attracted th&lt;
 public mind, with much interest, to this par
 ticular point, and has called forth a torrent o
 sonflieting opinions on the subject, from thi
 presses of the two great political parties. Hii
 reeoguitiou, in that speech, of authority
 higher than the Constitution of obligation!
 not to be mpealed by hnman enactments, ha:
 i cirned intense alarm into the foremost rank:
 JJlyjh political organization. They stani
 r*j|pn&lt;ed— terror stricken, at the approach o
 this heijeiily truth—and howl under tts toucl
 mv
 to torment ms before the time Gen
 the head of American Democracy
 has pronounced the speech in question th
 most dangerous of any he ever listened to i&lt;
 the Senate. The Taylor party are said t
 repudiate it. Doughfaces” at the North
 and Slaveholders at the South, have beei
 alike stunned by it, and even the politics
 friends of Mr. Sewaid cannot wholly epdors
 it. They bestow upon his masterly effort
 large amount of general praise, but it i
 general. It is declared by them to apes
 the sentiment of the North, but they do nc
 come to particulars. Meanwhile the Demo
 j ciatic press is pouring out its vials of wratl
 upon the head of the distinguished Seftatoi
 Now why is this timidity on the c
 friends, and this bitterness on the part of ene
 j mi s The answer is—Wu. H. Siwar
 has, (in the face of this Christian country?
 intimated a belief that the Authority of th
 Most High God is greater than the authorit
 of man
 i bo verv head and front of his offending,
 Hath thin extent; no more.”
 It must be confessed, that, while Mr. Sew
 ard has said many other excellent things, th
 idea to which we have *boye referred, cun
 stitutes the chief peculiarity of his speech
 and forms the chief ground of offense. Du
 for this, he might have passed unscathed
 Calhoun would cot have denounced him as
 cut-throat, nor would the Republic have re
 pudiated him as a member of the Whig party
 For the utterance of that sentiment he is t
 be visited with political excommunication,aui
 to be branded as a political heretic. All thi
 may be inferred from what is transpirinj
 around us; and the wind naturally inquires
 what is to be the result of such a course
 To us a seems clear, that a more suicida
 policy could not ha adopted bv the Nonhen
 Whigs, than to oppow and make Win. h
 Seward the object of attack If the Wtiij
 patty wish to cover itself with odium, and ti
 encounter a storm more terrible thin tb&lt;
 whirlwind itself, let it come out and declan
 before all Israel and the sun, that there is n&lt;
 God higher than the Constitution, and l*et i
 further pronounce political annihilation on ev
 ery man who will not receive upon his brov
 their mark of rank atheism. Such a cours&lt;
 might for a time cover the party with a blazi
 of glory but the day of retribution wouh
 come at last; and Ichabod” would certainb
 be w ritten upon the w alls of Whiggery. For
 dark and depraved on this subject as the grea
 majority of the people of the free Slates are
 they are not yet so sunken in atheism, nor s&lt;
 lu*i i u all sense of consistency, as to permi
 foul blasphemy to pass without thej
 reprobation. We say again—let Whigs an&lt;
 Democrats make war oo Win. H. Seward
 let lhen to inflame the public mint
 »pasnsi h.m; and jthey will have, (or then
 l, e creation! of a new and powerfu
 -mihern party, which will not leave the
 m&gt;ker* 0 f 4 J P g tu Mao j
 1 I,4 an who could calmly and distinct)/ad
 “fUmenu dll W. 11. .Stwnd
 T. is man hljo m| y k
 easily silenced not
 lL* native man
 ,!l b» liijh e»
 do.m«u will drfcw .w.* be &gt;Uti
 portion of the American people
 ready given form, force tod expression
latent droughts and feeling* which have lon|
 groaned tod sighed for utterance An to
 mom of Northern religious men; and should
 be become the object of general attack, this
 class woo Id rail; around him and their levs
 for him, mad tbsir adherence m him* *ooM
 increase, jost in proportion to the tateasitj
 and bitterness of the assaults made upon
 him.
 Bat it was not our purpose to defend, nyi
 to eulogise Mr. Seward. That we feel I
 warm gratitude to him, sod to other Seoaton
 and Representatives, who have.eteod forth in
 defense of justice, is most true. We think
 that Mr. Seward aharea the giateful regard
 of e«er; colored mao in the land and ;et, it
 becomes us to state, that even with him wi
 cannot fell; agree. While we thank him foi
 extending to ua all the legal protection which
 the Constitution— strained to its utmost ten
 c*oo allow; while we thank him foi
 demanding the Rights of Habeas Carpus an&lt;
 Jur; 1 rial, for the fugitive from bondage, wt
 submit that to such trial can be rightful It
 had, as the trial of a man for his freedom
 To be arrested for being at large, eveo befon
 a jury, is a hardship too great to be quietlj
 endured by any man. We therefore think
 that no arrest should be made, no trial abode
 be had, oo the groond that a man is allegec
 to have been bald The slave
 OiMhs uf iftweteotfeatahtM be made lo&amp;nov
 that Northern ground oneibt.be polluted
 and that Northern people will not submit t&lt;
 be shocked and insulted by any such atrociom
 proceedings in their midst. But then, w&lt;
 are asked, whit becomes of the Constitutioi
 and of the oath to support it 1 We answer
 that the oath requires that which is moral li
 impossible.
 Among the many truths which have beei
 elicited during the present discussions, w t
 i have been impressed with none more that
 this; that the whole framework of the Arne
 rican government is radically at fault; that i
 i is founded on a gross and scandalous fraud
 f that in it are comprised two distinct and hos
 f tile elements and that no Jesuitism can evei
 f reconcile and render them consistent.
 1 Liberty and Slavery—opposite as Heaver
 r and Hell—are both in the Constitution ant
 the oath to suppoit the latter, is an oath U
 perform that which God has made impossible
 The man that swears to suppoit it vows alle
 giance to two masters—so opposite, that fi
 delity to the one is, necessarily, treachery tc
 the other. If we adopt the preamble, with
 Liberty and Justice, we must repudiate the
 enacting clauses,with Kidnapping and Slave
 -1 holding. It is this radical defect in this Con
 stitution—this war of elements, which is now
 I rocking the land. There is a deep reason
 for the singular attitude in which the straight
 forward opponents of slavery are now placed,
 contending as they are for the very measure
 I a s a means of preserving freedom, which the
 Slaveholders threaten to adopt as the last re
 sort to uphold slavery. Garrison sees in the
 Constitution precisely what John C. Calhoun
 sees there—a compromise with Slavery— a
 bargain between the North and the Sdbth
 the former to free his soul from the guilt of
 slaveholding, repudiates the bond and tha
 latter, seeing the weakness of mere parch
 ment guarantees, whenfopposed to the moral
 scope oi ine pariwS-iv Smk, wcehit» diasqflE
 tion of the Union a? bia only means nf tiafefp.
 This fundamental contradiction in the Const*
 tution is the real cause of the present storm
 tossed condition of the public mind. The
 South have looked Jo the Constitution, from
 i the ramparts of Slavery, and have seen in it
 their highest power of defense. Slavehold
 ers have sworn to snpport it as such, and
 ha*e pever sworn to support the whole Con
 stitution. On th/a other hand, Northern men
 have recognised in the instilment the princi
 pies of liberty and justice and have scarcely
 observed the pro-slavery principle cunningly
 wrought into the instrument. The opposite
 view, therefore, of the Constitution and its re
 quirements, is the primary cause of the pres
 ent agitation.
 The question arises, as to who is right in
 1 this contest» We answer, so far as the
 1 Constitution is concerned, that all are wrong;
 and necessarily so; since neither party,
 North nor South, could, if they would be
 faithful to the requirements of the oath to
 I *upport the Constitution of the United States.
 Ever y slaveholder in the land stands perjured
 i n the sight ot Heave.', when he sweats his
 purpose to the establishment of justice—
 the providing for the genrta'l welfare, and the
 preservation of liberty to fie people of this
 country for.edfry such slaveholder knows
 that his whole- Me gives JA emphatic lie to
 his solemn voW. And ht*&gt;tan«U case
 with our Free iSeii friend, who swear to
 promote the Constitution I Why, they differ
 from the slaveholder only jq motive. They
 swear to prcm*n the Ciwsti tution, as a
 mean, of promoting tenement measures;
 and under a certain svsMfe of reasoning,
 based on alleged necessity they justify their
 oath. They have our• sympathies, bu» not
 our judgment. They hakes theory of human
 wfclafc fni |L, liteecessarv to do
 evil, that goodxm eoife. e are uU con
 vinced that that theorjy Correct and we
 must continue Jo for the present, that
 the Constitutyk being,# par with itself,
 cannot be lived up to f and what we esnqot
 do, we ought not to swear to do; and that,
 therefore, the platform for us to occupy, ia
 outside that piece of parchment.- j-. o
 To Coskespon ora*v*.—W e are reeling
 communications from all parte of ihe country
 respecting the mysterious noises,” which
 are beard in Rochester, and in other parts of
 Western New York. Being too much en
 gaged in tbs discharge of the numeroui du
 ties of our position, to reply u, uUr cores
 pondents upon this tuhject individually, we
 bag to state to them briefly, through the
 columns of the .Vor/A S/ar, firstly, that we
 have beard the rapping* eeeoodly, that
 we have put quotient, s*d jgpeived whst
 were alleged to to aaswgi foe
 thirdly, shat those Tan mme sometimes
 correct, sad sow Hi—l fe)—t; fourthly,
 that the answers nuami men alwavs just
 useh as might h»_g»toa by lining sad
 movieg human being, an 2 seeding oo ghost
 to tell us the*fifthly, we have sever re
 received an; intelligence from these alleged
 spirits; they are ”of the earth, earthy," **d
 possess no mu:* iliaminatioo than we, wto
 are yet in this clod of cumbrous day. Wifo
 this impression, we have contested ouraeives
 with bolding communion with our fellow
I ba«e not Iflri}
 rn.«iPeA|.
 r—ooe njny
 lependentbptop
 i, supported b}
 ill ''go übr a:
 in tbe wood
 hound «jban. of th* fugitive, most havj mo
 1 of every hnm —“fm,n
 This hsa been well espmc
 and cipp—ii bv lb# Senator fiom this Sum
 Hon. W|gH. SnvAao, and others. -It H
 desirable, ta-much as possible to th*
 hand# 5f n#p. Under this-nupriesion
 the fuUowtig petiin has been d«wn, ant
 waits fat ggnatuijp in this othee.
 PETITION Agomtt the passage of'imp mar
 D a r Recapture of. Fugi
 T&gt; ttUZ&amp;r of mUMitui 1
 IVundersigned, citizens of Statj
 residing chiefly in Rochester
 i in* the Ouhty of tearne
 with surprise and deep sorrow, that it
 eontemplatpn by your honotable body, a
 pass a laW by which the carrying into effet
 of the proiaions of the law of 1793, for tky
 or Fugitive Slaves, will k
 rendered pore stringent and obligatory upoi
 the free f tizeus of the Northern States,
 respectful but earnestly pray that thjp Bjl
 under cobideratton be oot passed r einf«
 such enaoinent would be contrary to the law
 of God, afd of Nature, —converting sympa
 thy for th* suffering into a crime—rfenderug
 the universally acknowledged virtue of has
 pitality at offence against the State—aid
 setting a premium upon wrong a#d inliu
 -1 manitv.
 I
 As will be observed, this petition is sc
 worded tint every anti-slavery man may an&lt;
 ought to affix his signatuie—the
 union ahcltionist, not Jess than lA Wag,
 Democrat, Fiee Soiler, or Lib m 1 npy
 man, whrfholds to the emstr c
 tion of tie Constitution. The refMti Ui
 take oatty or to vote under the Constitute a,
 on account of what are considered ita ex X*
 ing iniquitous provisions, does the
 person sqrefusing, from the right lay, dbei
 not releaf} him from the imperial* obtyt
 tion, resfng upon all men, to
 moostrate- protest,against threatened wrong,
 whether by a government or an individual
 He is still, as much as ever, called upon t&lt;
 cry alone, and spare not,” in every pos
 sible way through which his voice may b
 heard. Now that the Congressional gag-law
 has been broken down, and there are men tr
 the Senate,as well as in the House, who ari
 i willing brave the obloquy of presenting
 from erprv city^^Ta^
 hamlet throughout the northern States, and
 the akveoeracy, whatever may be their nu
 merical majority in Congress, Mill cease to
 disgrace the statute-book of the United
 States with their barbarous enactments, and
 the national halls of iegisiation with their no
 less barbarous discussions on the subject o|
 property in man. We hope, therefore, that
 this petition will be signed by persons of all
 parties, pects, and colors, in such mifitets aa
 to give a fair representation of the sfiSElfi
 of the people of Rochester rr»apeftinJn% jn
 capture of fugitive slaves.— j. d.
 Albany, April%. L&amp;O.
 Mr. Douglass: The .*ortk
 the heraljf for the oppressed.
 for a passing notice of some turn-ups
 our city, which are of rest to tbs
 of freedom. The colonel peefk of this
 place, for some months prat, have Hm'.atrQ
 the idea of the advantage of sanding bej*
 children to the seveial District -Seboek. Pot
 haps the iii.utmnaiu&gt;n fro u jhe fyrtk blof
 has done not a liule to thtpi the
 disadvantage u l being coh nised to m g.elo*
 sive school at any rate, ioy 'rwt rot -s«)r
 manifested a disposition to avatf'
 of the benefits of the general
 About tec days since, t iai bartifend 4mmd
 Prejudice was ajrouseb in ki| 'if sat 2 ok nd)
 Commissioners, Whetin i
 ed by ifae malignant poison J[
 nefariots speech, or whet ter unde* Set (***&amp;s
 most glurious vindication ofiiM
 colored race, 1 know n
 hkwar4a speech reache. *23
 psttkln tki schooll. of Hjjpl
 se^tMofy, «yerj ehildof th ifdtjitiiT
 mm ensiled at once, u j
 tunate asle-fieed cbildrei wqjre jm( uk tiukj
 exciasireness, to acquire *^lMhns
 ia, by «r free schoo! is prJßbj is j|W
 Without distinction of
 SevMa) parents of tie aggß||dL }mR
 coitceizng the w hole i mh
 gation iMhe Commissioaers, piMw ,|#V
 on theato ascertain whv ihttrgjpfon i
 cavalierly, and were most uoeuplnMMi#
 that the admission of imloredAlrittM
 the scbosls with wbhs ogiMNW,
 amaJgAxaauon too med, tmt Mkt
 Alone n were determined
 meeting, drew up a protest,
 u tbs Commisviooers, «sMm
 from that day, they mat
 |lh| maiaftnk
 iIfTT
 00
-eoolvihf to te*i the question legally, &gt;f tb
 oonMMcmer* do not ttpttl their decision.
 A jpt favorable Mpecl of tbt wboh
 oov«pe»i i», the united deterouneue® of Um
 Mocrtff people to abandon their old colon i**"
 MT
 Ooe pleasing feauure whieb eharactetieei
 tjt (Metion, vii the acknowledge* 0
 Right*.
 Earapvaa Afaln.
 Tin 3 learner Niagara, which ie the !a»t ai
 rival from Europe, bringa dates from London
 to Ike 9th. and from P*n», ,h oth uh
 There it not much particularly noteworthy n
 the political aapeelof the Old World. Th
 chief poiota of interest are the elections u
 France, aud the altitude of Roaaia toward
 England.
 In England, there has been an imports*
 kliuiion io the House of Coalmens, on i
 motion introduced by Mr. Hlmc, for the ex
 loom on of the suffrage. The boa. member
 motion waa for leave to bring in a bill, to ex
 inti the franchise to every rate-payer ef lul
 a|e, and of sound intellect; and u» vote b;
 ■ballot. Lord John Russell, and bis oo!
 leagues in office, opposed the measure, on tin
 ground that there is now no popular deinant
 for the extension of the suffrage. W e i ma
 gine it would not be difficult to obviate tha
 ufapction. The Premier, however, doee no
 .uina nun ts a limit th*
 “must always necessarily be adhered to
 so that with a proper amount of out-of-door
 pleasure, he might possibly see fit to changi
 3 hi*, opinion. The motion was negatived by i
 large majority.
 Anliher important motion was recently in
 troduced into the House of Commons. We
 refer to the motion of W. J. Fox, for leave
 io bring in a bill to promote the secular edu
 ci,Mn of England asd Wales. This motion
 •ndfewith a better reception. The Ministry
 looked, if not smilingly, at least com
 platilhtly upon the proposal, and leave was
 granted to bring in the bill. That some gov
 ernment scheme of popular education is much
 needed in Britain, is abundantly evident. Ob
 jections have hitherto been forcibly and con
 scientiously raised against any such measure,
 on the ground that the government schools
 will or may be made, in the hands of a tyran
 nical* government, instruments of popular op-
 by instilling into the youthful mind,
 WjhLpnnciples of religion and politics. The
 *r*&lt;*ience of this country does not sustain
 jbn idea; at least not to an extent from
 wiich there is anything to be apprehended.
 Mtfhe school books be of a general and non
 sectarian character, and let the teachers be
 Aosen indiscriminately, from Dissenters and
 &lt;&amp;uychmen, simply with a reference to their
 Bafifications as secular teachers, and we do
 t apprehend much danger. No doubt some
 teachers will instil errors into the mtnds of;
 j their pupils so they do now; *nnd so they|
 always wijl do, until the human mind arrives
 at perfection but right is always in the end.
 stronger than wrong. Let Error do its worst,
 j if Truth is left free to combat it.
 The conduct of Lord Palmerston, in con-!
 I tinning tha Greek blockade, is severely com
 mented upon by all the Eugliah journals.
 Tbe tobwfaur bridge over the Neaai Strait*
 wpW ~d urn. r*md
 eat* ukei. though rßli iumj.! tb, w't'gt
 j set tests, and engireers pronounce it perfect
 jly safe. 1
 j The weekly trips or thg jCunard steamers
 are to commence on the Bth of April, on
 which day the Hibernia will leave Liver
 pool.
 A new energy, (says the European
 Times) seems to have been diffused suddenly
 i throughout Ireland. All the population are
 ■.busy at work, and it is finally settled that the
 f rtffice of Viceroy is to be abolished—a mea
 f sute essei tial to the growth ol better opinions
 m that country.
 There was a report on the other side o t
 e Atlantic that Sir John Franklin had been
 und, and conversed with by some one who
 Wrote to England tnom Karnschaika, viz
 san Francisco and Panama. The report was
 %nt'*unded.
 France. The election* were to take
 place on the JGih of March, the day alter the
 x JSui£jra sailed from Liverpool. Great ex
 citement prevailed. Tbe prosecution of the
 Ikess is continued.
 4k l'i,e l ostmaster General opens all letters
 tMesing &gt;0 and from suspected persons. This
 (Amu’iCt has given rise to warm debates in
 pftie Assembly,
 fell it said that Russia and France are cora
 etely at one upon the Greek question, and
 iposed to England.
 f JtA- There is no change of importance
 In tb«- a Jaira of Jtalv. The Pope is still an
 eXiJe, aid seems likely to remam so, from
 hit kin; dour. His abdication is freely talked
 Of.
 t Switzerland has yielded to the
 of Austria and Prussia, and has expelled the
 more prominent German at.d Italian refugees,
 flt'C.trfe‘u:r vkikstimi a,
 j olatwos of war. Urge numbers of the Hun
 fgamn refugees are collecting on the frontier*
 of /J»jssinia where they are treated with great
 by the Turkish Vizier. I^j e ad
 -1 vices state 4hat all the sentence* of death
 have been commuted to terms of imanaoo
 meot to iron*.'
 GaSE&gt; e. The Hamburgh bartcnhalU has
 letter from Trieste, which says—
 The Greek question may be considered
 as settled, inasmuch as England has declared
 herself ready to raise the blockade, and to
 abaodon all other coercive measures. The
 courier who conveys the requisite orders to
 Admiral Parker has arrived beip, £ud was
 forwarded by rhe Lloyd steamer to' Athens
 the day before yesterday.” So the “peace of
 Europe'’ may still be preserved.—j.
 ft cast a* Fima tiers.—The Emperor of
 Hussts has ordered the erection of a line o!
 I‘jfta along tbe boundary towards Pioasta.
 At tbe present moment Russia has oo thie
 Iroiot only the fortress of Zamosk. The
 &gt;fl ICI P t4 object of this measure ta said be the
 aoncMiratiob oi a «;ur.*:derab!e force at the
 it estetn extremity of the imperial dnaumona
 bbe ready io of any event of tmpor
 aoce occurring trj Central Europe.
 Heory GrmneU’s Arctic Expedition, io ?cl
 mteer search of Sir John Franklin, wilt eon
 m of two vessels, to be called the Ad
 «l i&gt; Hunt. 1 Th., will m

spMck mi H#«. J. 1. GUM logs,
 or Oki«.
 In Mr Hamm af fUfaaaaatotiam, am MbW« v, March
 IS, ISM, m Cammm-aftha ll'Mr &lt;m fht Hal* af
 Mr (W, M rt' Pftm Jtn/’t Wdh( tra*amsflimg
 Mr frunoM af C4t^»«.
 Mr. Giooiwo* said he regarded it it very
 dm treble tbit geotbintb should understand
 etch other, and that il»« imu« between us,’
 should bo defined, in order that the country
 night ooderitand distinctly the quea&amp;ioft* oa
 which we dlifer.
 Complaints are «M 0» tod reiterated by
 Southern gsotlemen, that we are encroaching
 on the rights of the Slav* tmereet; but there
 ie an apparent relurt4r.ee to cume down te
 particulars, and to define those rights whteb
 they allege hive beet* invaded. The gentle*
 man from Georgia [Mr. Too«ae] told us, in
 bold language, “that ibis i* pio-sisvery
 Government.” Hot how fcr, f
 pects it is such, he his not pointed out. 'as
 JsSSSS-£r%SSS
 .UveawHh our blood;” M*«
 to carry slavery wherever our Jag jU* ta and
 we have exclusive jurisdiction.
 Now, if this be the doctrine of the Consti
 tution. gentleoMO of the North ought to
 understand it. Duly adauM no medium
 course, by which we shall keep our covenant
 in part, and yiojste it in other part*.
 We of the North, alao, cotnplaiu of en
 croachments upon our right*. These should
 be pointed out with precision and maintained
 with firmness, or they should be abandoned
 find suirehderetf. f There IT no intermediate
 oourse consistent'WfekdlttT! J, for one, dis
 card ail cv;mp?omiaes, arofrejec* ot&amp;s* to
 compromise, [came hereto enforce, to car
 ry out the provisions of the Constitution, not
 to compromise, nor to surrender the rights
 secured to us by that instrument.
 regard the constitutional obligations of
 this fewsrds the institution of
 j slavery a* too obvious to be misunderstood by
 statesmen. The line of demarcation which
 separates the poop's of the free States from
 the support of slavery lias been so plainly
 drawn, that it would seem no intelligent, un
 prejudiced mind could mistake it. It is, how
 ever, true, that much obscurity is thrown
 upon the surest by the ingenuity and the
 sophistry of those who profess io reason
 upon it.
 Much has been said about slavery being
 the “creature of municipal law.” Men it
 both political parties now urge, that “slavery
 cannot exist, unless sustained by municipal
 law.” They say thal this is the doctrine of
 jurists; tiiat the most profound judges have
 so decided. Otheis deny this doctrine. Now,
 what is the fact History shows us that it
 was introduced into Virginia, and existed
 there for years, without any municipal regu
 lation or authority. We know from history
 that it existed in each of the slave States of
 this Union long prior m the enactment of any
 laws on the subject. It found its way into
 Oregon, into California, Deseret, and, if we
 are to credit reports, it has been in New
 Mexico, without any law. It has been sus
 tained in all those States and Territories, sot
 by municipal law, but by the superior physi
 cal and intellectual power of the white over
 the colored people. This was slavery in fact,
 hut not in law. For instance: slavery con
 tinued in Ohio, even against the provisions of
 our Constitution, and in violation of all our
 laws, as late as the jear 1840. It exists in
 Illinois to this day. Slaves are there bought
 and sold, not merely without law, but against
 law. But when those slaves become intelli
 gent, and claim their rights before any court,
 the judges say that “slav«ry is the creature
 of municipal enactment; that there is no such
 enactment in Illinois, and therefore there is
 no slavery in thal Slate.” The judge means
 by this, there is no legal slavery there; while
 alljare aware that segroes are there held in
 to subject others to his will. In that State,
 however, each possesses the right of self-de
 fence. Not so in slave States. There, the
 right of the slave to protect his liberty, or
 his life, is taken away by tbe laws of such
 State. For instance; if a slave in Virginia
 lifts his hand against his master' in self-de
 fence, the master may at once slay him with
 impunity. But this right of the master de
 pends on the law of that State; and the
 njotpept tfie master goes beyond the jurisdic
 tion of that State, this righf ceases. Tet
 him bring his slave to Ohio, and the moment
 they stand on our soil, under the jurisdiction
 of our laws, the slave becomes a man, pos
 sessing the equal rights, and powers, and
 privilages, with the master. Such is the
 case whenever they go beyond the jurisdic
 tion of Virginia into Free territory.
 These piuiciples have often been advanced*
 Tiiey were familiar to our fathers. They
 bad been declared bv the courts of Great
 Britain, prior to our Revolution. Slavery
 at that time was discountenanced in all the
 colonies, excepting perhaps South Carolina
 arid Georgia.
 My colleague [Mr. CA.MebtLLj has shown
 manable manner, that the objects of the
 people of the South, before an&lt;j at the pom
 mencement of the Revolution, were the enure
 abolition of slavery arid of ail slave laws.
 These objects were proclaimed in language
 most direct and appropriate, in 1776, when
 entering upon thd ;var of the Revolution.
 After the close of that memorable struggle,
 the Confederated Congress, in 1783, sent out
 an address to the People of the Untied States,
 penned by Mr. M».dtson, in which tfisy say,’
 “Luinbe remembered, finally, that jt hai
 been the pride and the hoaat of America
 that the rights for w hich she contended were
 the rights of human nature.” These senti
 ments teen prevailed tn all the States.
 Fach State at that time held jurispiction
 over its western territory, and, so Far aa in
 ships were concerned, over (he high seas
 laws of Virginia extended over
 her northwestern territory, and overall ships
 belonging to the people of that State while
 sailing upon the high seas; and slavery, ol
 Boirjevery ship thus subjseied^tMbT^lawi
 of that State.
 !n 1786, she ceded her territory to the
 L?r^ d h Ul 1 he jurisdiction was tran*
 lerred, her laws cessed to be in force there
 natceTrb-“t- h W ,he
 nance 1787, Congrem confer,ted that
 IZL'MLTu freedOU4 —ng that
 slavery should never mure exist there Thin
 was expected by the people. They des,red
 it. Ip to this period, each State held wruh
 diction upon the high seas, .|.'e£
 wued to exist there. ,be convem.on
 then in session (or the purpose ij ra l:
 .h. cwu,
 tiM.alK, fi,«. s«i!h &lt;;«,oiu» and Uwr/,
 Ib« «l».e btii,; Nirnhlra
 menibtr. would 00l jo 1010 ui,i„u wnll
 poodle devoted lo ll»l e»mm,m,
 11 -d CO,„^ m
 of the subject was the resju. V
 ih r ,he ectlon of b first article of
 Congress all jurisdiction over commere ton
 ,h h,gH #nd bjf ,h mn,h
 sec no* of (he asms article, it was provided
 that Loogrewi shnyld not p, u hibjt the slave
 trade until the y—fkom.
 oi^TT UU °l' eonoeet »h# history
 of ;ts adoption, show*, 0 Me mow eooclusiv*
 aiaoner, tbe hoaitiJtt,
 hat commerce in our own species. Ail
 Wted that .t would be abolished at the ea£
 est moment w fa.ch Coeg.ess should
 •ess the poWerlo -tti ry into efieci the wjJl
 and in !en lions of the pm&gt;ple. 'Acting
 ror f*® c Ifirs expectshod, fU* gTo&gt;|
 prohibited the importation of Slav* i.
 but which did wot lake «d*ct uaiii M* .Ir!;
 Jan wry, 1808. lu
 0
This compromise of the Constitution bos
 beer. fullf earned oat. The South enjoyed
 the benefits of the thee trade for the time
 stipulated, and the whole mittei has pt«ed
 by forever. Yet, this compromise ia cited by
 the gentleman from Georgia, to sustain the
 doctrine that ibis ia a ‘pro-alavevy Govern
 ment,” and the power given by tba Conaa*-
 ution for Congress to prohibit slavery under
 out flag, after lioB. he construes into anofeC
 gallon tu protect, in all eoming time, whatever
 our flag may float. .Such is the n»onstr*wity
 of the slaveholding construction of the Con
 atitution.
 The gentleman fr jm Georgia also rites that
 clause of the Constitution which relutes m
 iugitive slaves, for the purpose of proving
 that we are bound to maintain the master's
 right to hie slave with uur blood. I nder the
 Confederation, when a slave eseaped mu,
 another State h* became free. At the for"
 nation of the Const, .ution, an amendment’
 was presented, mkrng ,t .he duty „f lhe f te l
 States to arrest and imprison fugmve sJa e
 in the saule ms.ner that they do fufliuve*
 from just,pe. ha the amendment wa*
 jeered.TThe Matere Ma.ter was compromised bv
 stipulation the free State, should “paw
 I, nplaw nor rrgulatmn by which the slave
 stiounj d*Mhargefi from the service of his
 master.” I construriinn which this clause
 has received from the Supreme Court, makes
 it the duty ff the free Stales, nut to act, but
 U) abstain from action.
 Now*, sir I am not syrare that any State
 has passed aws to discharge facniv es tro
 semce. fin the contrary, believe ever
 btate has abstained l.om such legislation
 "at constitutes the who* duty of thy free
 i j States They owe no further duuee on fee
 ®ubject ander the Constitution. W# live tp
 *j to our guiupact. W| «J»;t Uto the full ex-
 »«n». 1 here we step. This stipulation can
 imply nothing further than is expressed. K
 ha» relation to fugitive ajhves only, h, O jjj*
 feresce beyond that can be draft* from j,
 J How gentlemen can infer from this clause
 that we are bound to maintain the power of
 the master over his slave with our blood, is
 j tt/iotner cf tn.uo monstrous asjumpt.onj
 w hich slaveholders are accustomed to ma*.e'
 I bit for which they can assign no reason whs*
 ever.
 *r»»
 i uere is no action obligatory upon the free
 Statea. They fulfil their whole duty by ab
 staining from action. Ohio Jogs this, and 1
 believe all the free States do it. The last
 clause of the paiagraph, which, referring u,
 the fugitive si tve, says, he ‘“shall be delivered
 up, on claim of die person to whom such
 service or labor may be due,” has no refer
 ence to State legislation, or Stale action
 1 hat proposition was rejected by the Con
 vention Ihe Supreme Couit of the United
 States have placed a construction upon if
 I they hold ihat it refers to the individuals of
 the State, imposing upon them the duty of
 permitting the master tojtake the slave, m
 the same mannei that we surrender up our
 tilends to the officers of justice. They have
 decided that tt is the duty of individuals nut
 to secrete, or to defend, the slave against bis
 master. They admit that the individual
 niay act in aid of the master, but deny tp
 the State all power of acting on the i-uhject.
 It is worthy of remark, that this is the
 only instance in which Congress is authorired
 to legislate in favor of slavery. On this point
 it is conceded that we may pass Jaws. But
 bv this clause of the Constitution we are
 i only authorized to legislate lor the arrest and
 return of fugitive slaves. It does not make
 it oui duty to legislate for the further benefit
 o, the master. It is left for us to act agree
 ably to the dictates of our own judgment.
 We have the power to pairs further laws, or
 we may repeal the law of Congress now in
 force on that subject. But it gives us no
 juiwer to go further in support of slavery
 and ui peas laws tor the protection of that ;n
 stitution within the .States. Such tnierpr*-
 I utIOU would be a perversion of language,
 and of the intention of those who farmed the
 GwpirtMtrao It wg a ititetitUf jjjfjr \U*r
 'NffMtengiit to reclaim In* fugiflfii slafeF
 and teCoporess Dower to aid him in reclaim
 rsi*! the W.v-
 f he exiendno further. Nor ha-j
 frog Georgia CMr.J[oo*aaL
 ImrM aa ip whu manner of
 of conafruction he infers any power in Con
 greaa, under this clause of the Constitution
 to protect slavery wheievei our flag may’
 float, or that it is our duty to piuleci it with
 our blood.
 The next compromise of the Constitution
 to terhich the gemleanao fiorn Georgia iMr
 I oombs] refers, is that o( the slave represen
 1 lBt,on 39 Provided in the 2d clau.se, 2d section
 of the Ist article of the Constitution In re*
 i gard to this article, ,t would appear that „u
 difference of option could pJsatbly e *i» t
 I here can be nq doubt that tt V*s intetided
 to give the slave States an advantage over me
 Th« .i„«,, teool
 f m this Hall nor oan we legislate for their
 benefit; but the slaveholders have a reprsseo
 tation here, in proportion to the nunlber o,
 isavesmey bold in bondage, count” n/
 s aves equal U&gt;* three freemen.
 ffian sixty year, the slave State, have erim,**
 f. nVl,e f e u "tan has ever dem/d
 n obe their right under the Constitution
 But ins equally plain that ihisdaua*
 intended to give no further privilege. It a,.
 1 Jde9 to no °‘her auo.eot auu cannot be con
 strued to give any other powers. Tbegcn
 f enia fMr. Toohm) referied to it to show
 ’ll Bl lhls aiavehojdmg Government that
 j w e are bound to maintain the muster’s power
 over his slave wah uur blood; and to carry
 slavery wherever our flag floats. But the
 I way and manner he brings this clause to
 sustain his positions, he has failed to show
 us. t repeat, tnat the whole oh.eet sou in
 i tent ion of this clause has been thus far obser
 j ved and carried out. South Carolina has
 now ihree representative* on this floor more
 th*P sit# wopld be entitled to, .wording L
 the number of her freemen; and twenty mem
 i*i ,he#lave S '»tes are admitted here
 solely by virtue of the superior advantage
 which the slave States possess over ii.«
 j reopie ot the
 It gitret lo the South an influence over out
 righ(f and interests, pot according to their
 ove of freedom, hut proportioned to their
 disregard of liberty. The
 slave, exerts an influence ia
 the P ederal Government erpiol to foo^eHneert*
 V****"* political power* equal to
 hup&lt;M citizens of the T
 I know,, of nothing mole ss
 digotty of our
 •waguabty of our political influence. W.
 W® place# i«« poetical position between the
 M’reiliouflrMasn-r and his crouching menisi,
 ••penor one arid inferior to the other.
 «||||omiac of fronnern honor, i;
 boualf io oppression, bestowed pri**-
 %ee uponiho*e who disregard “self-evident
 2E: r? the toalieoable
 *j«ga ofmaa: K has taught Northern men to
 iy&lt; Wft' f 11 tntjtled to
 hftKl I •fanning dictation. I, wa,
 ihifiMee of U.+ herhng which constrained
 Northern members o# tfaj, a uor t 0 wttnd
 up their own independence i r r e ut&lt;
 unite with ik. *f”~ ence d for h&gt;
 sidersuonsj TL^ U,h 10 from con
 dom of alfuck down ihe fres
 d ih9 dotUlues of political equably.
 yoara held tbs National Gov
 *“»»»v lent to the slave power. It
 h,ch fur h8lf century
 Northern m* n to tremble at Southern"
 rail?," l l dl w,i¥e L oion; which now
 ouia together the timid and the irresolute in
 r cooirnercial cutes, to pass resolution*
 Jfatnai the maihlenance of our own rights
 jhe same feeling ol servility also manifest
 oy a portion of the Xortlieru press, which
 i» alwayx reat‘y to advocate
 P*«iey. Yet, ws sbius o j me compacv.
 States, ftoo the adoptioa uftlii*
 Goasiitotioo to this day, have esjoyed this
 pmilege ol a superior representation ia itu,
 WU and iu the elec none of President and
 *Mt Praeideot. No Northern man has vth
"
