"»p««ch of Hod I. R. GidtCoga,
 or Ohio.
 £i'fAc /foot °f Representatives, on Monday, March
 18,1850, in Committee of the Whole on the Me oj
 tie Union, on th President’t Mtuag t translating
 the Constitution of California.
 [concluded.]
 Mr. Chairman, when we say it ie i"
 mention 10 ad nit “no more slave states, to. hoi
 no “slave territory" we mean what
 O i this point we discard the docinne a e
 advanced in another part of tie Capitol.
 lot illy deny that we are under any moral, po
 litical, or c™ns.itutio l ,alohl. jf .t.on to .dm.
 another slave State from Texas. We der
 that any contract exists between ua and th«.
 State. There was a contiact proposed am
 submitted to the only power in this Govern
 ment capable of contracting—that is, tin
 treaty-making power. That power Tejecte*
 i it. Texas came into,the Union with lull n.
 lice and full knowledge of these facia. »h&lt;
 will Dot be deceived nor p thl?
 subject, if we iefia3 to admit i mw mne
 State from her territory. She.came m b\
 joint resolution, and not by contract. 1 the!
 denied, and still deny, that even the trfeaty
 making power could impose on uS a titium
 with a foreign slave Stsfte upon such unequ.-&gt;
 terms. But most emphsiicallv do 1 deny ib
 doctrine thst members of this House in 1845
 had jrower to comtol my vote for the adum
 ai'»n of a new State in 1850. They coub
 admit a State, but they could place me un
 der no obligation to act contrary to my oWr
 judgement. lam sworn to support the Cwi'
 stitution, and solemnly believe that this in
 creasing snd extending of ihe Slave Powei
 is subversive ot ;he Uoosiiiuunn.
 i Sir, to admit more slave States, thereby
 increasing the slave Power, and surrendenni.
 the interests of humanity to the disposal o
 those who deny the '“seir-evidem truth’’
 men’s equably of natural rights, is out onl&gt; a
 palpable violation of the whole spirit of. the
 Constitution, but ft is at war with the vita
 objects, the whole design of those who eata)&gt;-
 i. liahed our Government amidst toil and datr
 r
 gera. j
 The annexation of Texas was conceived
 and urged, and consummated, with the avow
 ed intention of increasing the Sieve power
 1 Idb not charge Northern men with acting
 on this principle; but we know that the of
 fleers of the Government, the Executive, ur
 ged n expressly on these grounds. 1 thei
 denounced itj.as unconstitutional in its ob
 jects, its designs, and in the manner of-iit
 consummation. So too did a distinguished
 Senator in thd othef end of tlte Capitol, whi
 now avows hmeelf ready to vote lor admit
 ting these new slave States from. Texas, foi
 the very purpose of increasing the Slave Puw
 er in Otis Gavei iimeni.
 Sir, what has wrought such a change iu
 the mind of that distinguished
 Time will doubtless answer this question
 Bui, sit, hofdirig now, as i then did, tha;
 Congress any at any time repeal the join,
 resolution by which T exas was admitted—
 that those who voted for ih»t resolution conk
 by it* adoption impose no duty on me to -vote
 for admitting other new slave‘Slates,-! shal
 at all times oppose such admission. The*,
 sovereign States, while united under the same
 Consitution, must be equal. Texas brpugh
 with huf no claim whatever to be divided inn
 four slave States. She can no more claim t
 division than Ohio, New York, or Pen nay I
 vstrits. The sole object lor such a dtvisiot
 ia an increase ot the Slave Power.* To givt
 it greater influence,over the .lights and the in
 leresia of ihe fee Siatep—to enable it mor*
 effectually to withstand the progiesa of trull
 and justice—to proldhg its blond stained am
 barbarous system of brutalizing our fellow
 men. 1
 But, sir, the day has arrived when the ten
 deacy, the ifleets and consequences of ou
 official ana tie known and understood, by tin
 People, He who now advocates an incieasi
 of the Slate Power, may as welf openly am
 f inkly avow his opposition to freedom, hi.
 Hatred of the “inalienable rights'' of man; am
 declare Tils inteiiTtom to vwtvin oppreeeiot
 and slavery. Our actions cannot he mi sun
 derstowd in these tunes. He whose soul n
 imbued with the love of justice, ofliheity
 gad of bis race, will manifest it by his words
 by his acts, by his votes. Sir, iWeacta ant
 voles are** known and' read, of all mtn.
 jit is also’proposed to past luTthet and mori
 Stringent law tor the at rein and return of I'u
 grirve slaves; to make eveiy postmaster, am
 deputy marshal, and other petty, officer oi
 this Government, residt-nt in the I tee JSialet
 i the catchpole of elave-hunters. We are it
 impose upon them the obligation to leave
 their shops or their fields, ond give chase t«&gt;
 tbe flying bondman ae he hasten* from the
 scene of hie oppression; to seize tiw-tieaiblmg
 victim to Southern cupidity; to assist ui ns
 •ting the cold iron on hie chafed Jjntha, and
 then to, force b‘m, back to a land of chains
 end sighs, and tears and suffering Yes, sir,
 it is now gravely proposed that tflis Congress
 of Christian men at this middle of the nine
 teenth century, boastmg that wfi' are’sup
 rounded by the most intelligent,, free, and
 i virtuous people upon the earth, shall turn our
 t attention and exert our official influence—ou/,
 legislative powei-rrin favor of the vilest sys
 tem of oppression.know n among civilized men
 ihat we sha I aid ihe airani usurper of the
 South to hold his gtasp upon hit ifelUiwman;
 to compel nioi to toil and to suffer under the
 ncoarge, for the benefit of us oppressor; that
 vs will help rob ban of. bis itberty, his en
 joy meats, his all, that others may revel iii
 r wealth. Sir, I would as soon turn slave-huii
 tar ss I would vote lor such a law. Yet 1
 do not regret that such a measure is to' -come
 before iis. I am wtlliitg to see merubeie
 Compelled to show their hands. 1 desire that
 tbe country shall understand who is wtijigg
 'thus to d*-gMdv the character of American
 statesman by prusu unrig pur official powers
 to such purposes.
 But, there are circumstances which rehdet
 auch action at (fits tune stiff more objectiona
 ble and humiliating. Since the etilv history
 Of ihe State Ttt which 1 live, nn*n haveocca.
 stonally e»u»e from the Slave States and kid
 r napped our colored people; and. is hen such
 »oflbuders ha'e been demanded, as fugitives
 from justice uyder the Constitution,‘ their
 surrender by the slave Slates has, 1 believe,
 at blf times been refused. Yet, the Repre
 sentatives ot Ohio are now called' en *e&gt; two
 round Mid loud their influence m&gt; caudi and
 raturn Southern slave*! When ouf free cob
 i.ored people visit the slave States, they,are
 seized, tmpiisotied, sold, and enslaved; and
 Southern gentleman how askUS'to pWa
 law'ihit shafl make it ttiednty of out post
 mailers, and' deputy marshals, to seme and
 return to boodagw those seiy citizens of Ohio
 fibeuld they perdiauce escape from their,. ejip
 pressor* io, the. Spufb, and return to their
 wives and children in iht-ir uative Siate.^Will
 the Representatives of Ohio vote for snch a
 Uwf
 ihe citizens of Massschnebtts havd been
 seized m Sunthern ports, enslaved, sold, de&gt;
 graded, and brutalized. They nuw mosa and
 weep in oMina r ßepresentatives of ihq
 ereignty of Msaeachusetfs,m ht;n sqnt io those
 Stan*, in test their, proceediugs judicially,
 ,have been driven by mob violence from ’Uieir
 jurisdiction, and theif ‘l^egfslaturei 1 have
 passed Isw*, under Severe per*.
 altifis.ktr persons fttan proseouimg the nghu
 of each ebsiaxed adaeo* u» freedum,
 f 6ir, while ihe South ,ihup, l( tiolaJef
 tramples upoa Cunalituiipp, while t^ey
 uesnhe trye States, generslly, and M*a*a
 ehuaeus in particular, with *host abvfeietgrl
 __, contempt, a dieiingulitied Statesman of New
 s England, a rtyiddembrivtf wf Massachusetts*
 eoffled forward, and; before the nationcludtug
 dfthe--(hr thmr lemisaneas
 to to aiTvaang sad revucomg fugit|v« slayeu,jftrt*-
 s poses that we shall «xe;t our,legislative pow
 .era Mh i*y°f S&gt;oulbetn ptrattcaf slaVe liun
 CH I |,-|y i
 the"proporitioo ia ‘humiliating.
 xeefife'dt»h r -*|'t*o&gt;. '‘S‘r. i have
 awd.l of d cacti but gmy n
language, u I would vota for *ocb
 &lt;ure. To me, ih? alave-hunter. w the mo*,
 !ct&lt;p|jj^^u oiiuotc* ,p
 rialter to trick wt’the -panfing ii
 Nder again to subject him to the JjS and tin
 ihuaihsciew. A law haa been toWoduced inn
 ihe Legislature qf Qhio; and! am free to sdj
 t»*t If there be a etime for which
 haig a citizen oTour State, it it tharof aid
 tig flld' slaveholder to seize hia iremblinj
 victim upon aoilconsecrated to freedom.
 You may pass such a law, and it will re
 nain a dead letter upon your atatute book
 •Our people know-their rights, they under
 land their duties to the Government, to thet
 f-llow-men, and to their God. The law o
 iiudiieas, of sympathy for the oppressed, o
 ove to our fellow-men, is written upon ou
 natures by the finger of the Most High
 you repeal that law-ef the Almighty
 i’an you tear from the heart’s core our lovi
 of justice—Out hatred t&gt;f crimel 1 Sir, no legie
 ■atum can effect that object.
 Sir, weougui not to deceive Soatliern men
 We should say to them, in all frankness an&lt;
 -inceriiy, that the day lot arreatiug logit v
 slaves within our free States has gone for
 ver We abide by the Consiimiwn; on
 that instrument doe* not give sufficient pow
 er CD the maiier to secure his fugitive shv
 when he once readies our free States.* 1
 has out.come ap to the expectations of tb
 South in tbit respect. It fails lo fetter fir
 limbs, lo stop the flight of their, fugitives
 They general y reach Canada, and there fm&lt;
 an asylum, and every friend of humanity r* joi
 cea at their success.
 The Constitution has also failed fo protec
 &lt;mr colored eiuzens when they go to Souther
 States. It haa proved .defective oathis puim
 We are willing to amend \i, but we will sink
 out the entire provision relating to fugitin
 'slaves. such clause can lihd a place 1
 thy new Constitution.* 1
 In conclusion, i would assure 'Somber
 'einlemen, that a portico of our Northeri
 c-iiaens Jnve detejmmed on reforming \h
 ■buses which have rendered this nation sub
 servient to the Slave Power.
 We wish air to understand distinctly an
 fully our views and ulterior 1 designs.’ We in
 rend to limit and confine Slaver) to ils pteaeri
 bounds; -to repeal *4 ecie of Congress whic
 sustain that institution; and totally to snparat
 the people of thy free, States aod the Eeden
 Government from all responsibility of v #u|
 taming slavery or the slave trade; to restor
 the Government to the position relative t
 that institution m which it was ‘placed by th
 Constitution. We tHen 1 hope fo direc
 its energies and the the* nation i
 ..favor of justice, of truth, of liberty, and of hu
 inanity.. j. o
 1 am aware of the efforts now making t
 arrange and to compromise these questions
 to quiet this agitation, to roll back the tide ii
 Idetmg now manifested, not only in our fre
 States, but in Europe, and throughout th
 civilized world.' Sir, feeble and impotent ar
 the powers of Congress, when brought i
 conflict with that using voice of the peopf
 now heard in every quarter of oqr nation
 Can we. by take from twent
 millions of freemen their Consciences, thet
 thoughts, their judgement Can weprohibi
 ‘ibetr investigations of trhihl Thie strdggl
 has been going on for centuries. 'Men ma
 denounce it, but it will go forward.', Reform
 .m all ages, and in all nations, have been de
 nounced. Oppression, Gpilt, Crime, alway
 ?eek silence and darkness; but as intelligenc
 increase!, and becomes mo»e and more gen
 erally diffused, abuses will bfe corrected
 aßd tire work of reformation will proceed
 Fur the last twelve years 1 have watch*
 the progress of this great political revolution
 Its advance has been regular, consiani, art
 nninierupted, 1 have seen the influence c
 ihe Executive, of Congress,of the public pres
 generally, «nd of politicians, put forth to rt
 ulru ns progress,but they hare not even check
 ed its forward course;
 The .arrogance of the Slave Power ha
 been beaten back; th« spirit., of .Northern ser
 vility has been rebuked, and brought into epu
 tempi; the freedom of debate has been re
 gained; the advocates'oT truth and justic
 hate increased, and ate already seizing upoi
 the strongholds of oppression. lo' our Stall
 legislatures, the language of freedom and o
 truth folds abundant .utterance. With tfu
 most unshaken confidence, in, the assuranci
 unwavering faith, 1 expect, at no dtstan
 day, to see this Government and tjie
 of the free States redeemed and purified Iron
 the gttilt and the ertmeof slavery.
 W Ml* I
 XXXlst Congress.—ln Senate.
 i AfrrC*. 1850.
 The Vick President laid before the
 .Senate a communication from th* Depart
 ment of the Jnferjo;, and made in /pomplivnc*
 with a resolution of the Senate of the 86tn
 nltimo, calling for a siaiement of the nuptbei
 «f acres Sold ahd remaining untold in Mil
 waukee fetid ’dtstndt. Ac jirtiich was ordered
 to lie on the tible and bd printed.
 MEMORI A LS’AND PETITIONS. 1
 Mr; StWAao'presetted three pinions ol
 .citizen* of New York, asking that the right
 of uial by jyry may he secured bj Jaw'to hi*
 giive slaves, yrresied in any other sute theu
 that in w|.icb there service fa .claimed.
 Also, four petitions 6 1 citizens of th/e agpie
 State ai-knig' that rru Stale may hereafter be
 admitted into the Unfen 'whsoa constitution
 dues tout expressly, prohibit' slavery Wufim
 lta limits.
 Also, three pptitiqps pf qjtizepsof the same
 JSiau*, asking ihsi sfovery and the slave-trad*
 may be abolished in the District of Columbia
 Also, fotlr petitions of Citizens of the same
 State, asktig that slavery abd ’the sjavr
 trade may be prohibited by law in ill the ief:
 iuoiioa ol the United 3lates.. -AIL of Which
 mtmouals were ordered to fie on .the table.
 Mr. presented tjhe peiittoe "01-eit
 izeus ol Alton, llliqoi*,,asking the adopti**
 oi Measures for the adjustment of inlerjiaioi*
 at cohirbvirsies; bhfoh was referred to. i.h£
 Committee on Poritgn Relations.
 Mi. HiMlttN sdbmMted additional dopu-‘
 meats relating u* ihe.erectioaofji aew' hgfit
 houseand duelling on Boon.t%kad, t&gt;h the
 referred &lt;t» tht&gt;
 Committee of yoimperqe. ~-j
 Mr. Pt'tRCE presented a memorial qf Geo.
 Waiterston, a«d other eirncads c»rfh« Distnci
 of Columbta; asking the esrsblishrheni of an
 'AgricUltasai Cofloge in that Dihtawt. Which
 was reforred to ttse Commuiea xn Agrici/f-'
 UW# IR d «he wotKjn to prjpt ,w as referred
 ,*,he GimmUte* V n Pnntmg.
 Mr. IVogßis submitted additionol documents
 refitting Vd tfiWcUim of John Hbilkhan; which
 Were lelhrred'tO'tbk ChhtblitMir bn Clanna.
 111'.* ycinfresotuiion
 of tt»Legtsiauife«f Indiana, tnetHicting the
 Senaima and zeqcesimg. foe ,R«preaema«itres
 of&gt;hat t SWq K ffi m.&lt;
 exertions to procure a grantor pub ic land fur,
 the improvement of lhp 'Wvigaifoft of the'
 KankaUbe *n« Ik-dquAud!' riveW? wkre
 referred 10 the Cfomnntfod on Roads anfrCaft
 ■lsrdbd ordused to be pnbtcd. d, T7TT.
 Also, aaesaloiion uiihe.aame, in fever of
 procuring in apgfppriaMW for pqtßpfoUig Otc
 fo m .which
 was referred to the Copiaiitiee on Commerce,
 ana oidered io be primed- Y
 Altw.dftbd'katrih, ji fkvbT trii'hwibfbori
 ismgibaccle df the puMfo- fcrelc, iff legal
 kubdmMonc, to doikatwiiiercsar she east at
 survey and rsdecrtisemcni; .which was rtfeev
 ad lo.tfoj Cmammee on Publia Lynda, and,
 rue red to HtWWfC u, .„u MJ J 4,
 Also, a petition of citizens or Cliy enuniv
 in'ilie 6fate of lndiana, In ?*ehalf of RwheV
 Well, Widow ofTtionfsk Weit; i'Volbobi&amp;r
 in lkie’war&gt;ikirii Mexicb,'asking thki ahe
 ■nay be aJlsvued c psaShur; wtach war re*
 icned to ihe Cummitica on iFtmstogs. idufie
 tut*exKd ufoa, petuisna oh
 Ufa m*l
 u&gt;!a\ff im* m&gt;h f
Government removed therefrom; whj*|weni
 ordered to, lie on the Üble.
 ’.Ale s ten petmous ut citizen*
 min os, end a petition of eitijgßfc of Ke*
 Jera *y, salting that no State maj.b»lw«*ft*
 ad intted into the Union whoaj#
 ,du'S not exprM»ly prohibit
 tfnitsj which ordered i&gt; tie eo tht
 r f¥ r&gt; ciiiiena of Philadelphia, ftfWljlWMa.
 which were ordered to lit
 •n the table.
 Also, eight petitions of the same, asking
 (hat the right of uial by jury may be eeeoml
 o.fugitive slaves, aneated many other Stab
 than that in which then service is claimed;
 which were ordered to lie on the table.
 Also, four petitions, signed by male end fe
 male lnhihuantsl "I Peiiisyliafiial adkihg «h&lt;,
 adoption oi constitutional measures for abol
 ashing slaseiy-ia the U«iied-Siatee;-a»»d *h»e»
 (letiitune of male and lemale inhabiiante of tht
 same pl«ee, aslfurg tlie-immediate zboltfioi
 ul slavery aud thoslave-trade ia the Distric
 of.ColuAibia; which. we;e ordered, tw lie oq tb«
 table. u
 Also, five petitions of citizens of Ohio, re
 monstrai ong against the' resolutions submit
 red fry Mr. CtsT. dn the "S&amp;h bf January
 1850, slid asking the adoptltm of constitution
 it measures l&lt;v prohibiting slavery in thi
 District ut Columbia,.and .the.alave-trade be
 &lt;ween the States, and for-preventing the re
 c «f fugitive ulaves which wen
 ordered to He on the table.
 I Also, a pennon of citizens of Harriaoi
 County,'Oh id, asking that slavery may b»
 prohibutdtn-fctl tito territorial government;
 to bu established by Congress, and that n&lt;
 it ate may hereafter be admitted into tht
 Union whose constitution does not prohibi
 slavery within tty limits; a petition of thi
 teacher and pupils nT the "Strfngeravills Se
 leci School,Un Cuyahoga County. Ohio, re
 incrfisttiiiing agarnst the' compromise rrtmlu
 i tiont of Mr. Clay, and'asking the prohibitin'
 of&gt;*»la*ery hi Hie District of Columbia, am
 the alave-iradn between the States, and. tht
 ri pe*} of all provisions ot, the act of 1793, re
 apectiHg the reclamation of fugitive slaves.
 I Also, a memorial of citizens of Alleghan;
 county, Pehnaylfrfnia, remonstrating again*
 i the bill now pending be fork-the Senate fd
 r the recovery of fugitive slaves, -selling fortl
 that Jaws are in lurce in southern States,ii
 violation &lt;tf the Cnpatjtption of the Unite*
 States, prohibiting tjte eptrspee of citizens, »i
 the northern States, apd asking that bll fui
 ther action on the bill now pending, for th
 more effectual recovery of fugitive slaves, b
 r suspended until the*laws of the souther
 i States be repealed; all of which were sevei
 ally .ordered to*lie on the table..
i THE NORTH STAR.
t l2, issd.
 1 tt;
 Tm North Star if sometimes sent to friend
 who do not takp the, paper, in this hope that the
 1 may *e« fit to subscribe for it. Subscription* an
 r donations for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 t dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester
 i N/Y.
 f .-.1*...,.* i
 fJO*WAHTEp—Several Travelling Agents
 to, procure subscribers for |he North Star. J
 j liberal commission il| be given. None need appl
 8 but such as can bring good recommeuduiions fo
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 Erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
 I -—-7- r a T—
 Anti-Slavery feelings
 Will be held'by Cbarles Lenox Remond
 of Mase&amp;dum'tcti, and MrrrLtN W. Gibbs
 of Pennsylvania, in the following placet, an
 on the evenftigs specified
 Monday evening, April,Bth Leroy.
 Tuesday #ib Batavia.
 Wednesday* 10th Bruckport.
 j Thursday ti 11th v Albion.
 r Ftidsy ••-„’l2th .'Medina.
 Sunday ;V Hthr: Lockptm.
 Worldly ’.V'rfilh. Buffalo.'
 Wednesday,, 17th Jamestown,
 l( Thursday 18th Busli.
 1 i The friends in the above placet will pica*
 make Lbe. necessary arrangements f.»t th«
 meeiings, and thereby promote the imeresii
 of the‘good cause in their region;
 ’Rffcwiwrii, Apfi) Bth, 185(7.
 1 i
 1 North Star Fanr tn -Nbw York.
 The official appeal, in behalf of the Fair it
 New York, extensively signed by philan
 ihropic ladies of jhat.city, wijl be lutind ii
 another column of this weekj*, paper. Tin
 .time fol holdingr,the Fair i# Aeuiversarj
 week; and it Mill be observed, that there
 but brief lime for pieparation.. Whatevei
 assistance any of oar fiietids propose to ren
 der, had better-be rthdered promptly.. Wt
 are happy tit state, thdl the Indies of Um
 Weateftf ‘NeWYoflf AnYi-StlVery Society
 have'decided to ‘Co-ope rale Mth Our frrends
 in Nep York, in this‘effort to sustain a fret
 press and that'ihpy have already, preparedi
 valuable box of articles, pf both FugKsh anc
 African manufacture, wjtpb they Intent
 i«iwarding forthwith.,,, „i
 We aiuicipaie a biiiHant'display of antj
 slavery taste, skill, and industry; andjvi
 eafluponaß our friends to favor this coining
 Fart with iheir presence and their patronage.
 -p. U 1(13,1 I 1133 1. I ~i
 .i »i ..'i
 Tat Aeti-Wobster meeting held recently
 ‘iti Faneuil TJall;- 'flora- all accounts,. was j
 most' interesting and tiWlul demonstration
 The grand apostate was handled in a maonSi
 not Vo lie despised. Wei givej on the ootskfc
 of this number, the speech of Wendell Phil
 a most brilliant, powerful ant
 f .bigkiint«UecHi|l H njora
 advantage,hope thAt,,no leader
 the 'North &amp;Ur will deem the speech fot
 -lengthy ftw perusalo'i
 strui.tri —r»TNT «l II ,I.!
 "’•'Twwibiinw Ka direct the

 attention of the reader to the Fkespectua ol
 'the-ATew Emgbmdt mv*&gt; large.,meekly pry per.
 dewed to-Temperance, Education,Lit«ra
 tore, Reform, afid -lateUigeMee generally.
 Wlth'one’of hd editord we sre personallyao
 '4bainted'; at»d l M‘ At ore waf«-hearted’, active
 and^industfiofid 1 'worieV in theffeldof phifan
 ihroMr, than tie,’ we never met.’“Mr.
 #?Rfr ou f l^ r i an 4 native
 dWNdWW.*9»BlF»q^iftep*‘i\»m ..for thp.tnj
 potfant and laboriopa, d«»««s ever devolving
 ,wpo» tlie conductor,,of a public journal.. The
 Ntto •JjJngkndtr is hifeswi to no temperance
 phpcriiithß Xet «S who wish a good
 tempettmoe journal,' subseribo fot the New
 OtjijWddl'.aAfr.+r'M »l J too
 ilt.-l 1,, 4
 o GeahfT Ssturw has taetbaaks for his.phls
 Addrcwt'dehedred before«the &gt;Alsead»lv. al
 ’jtlbfci»Y. ,r We dtrall toad' it'-carefully, and
 gtVd fhh wHold Subject wf -whleb it treats, s
 tWn ts we ean cb«w
 m; aotall ptNßhftai mam* t
•&gt;um of the meeting to 1 Shiloh
 chureh, New York, with some remarks ot
 owowi. R is always gratifying to us u
 in wngbli
 hot Jo* posy reason*, it is far mors shsoifsg
 to observe *nch movements among ounelve*
 W« may be grateful that British benevolwc.
 hse distributed millions to feed ike Irish pit;
 hat s higher sad happier emotion is awaksn
 ed, when we learn that thoss destitute mil
 lions are, in the sprit of s raasly iodipend
 «*se lodustrieusly laboring to supply theii
 own wants. In like manner do we Umk upoi
 the effoiu of our own people,as compared wjtl,
 those made by others. It ia evident, that if.
 •och crisis the colored~ man- has -a duty u
 perform. His voice cannot now be deemed
 impertioeat. The meaibrek maturing a
 Washington are not only intended to' fasten
 the Chains" of slavery more firmly upon the
 limbs of the slave, and to make the North
 less secure for the fugitive but they strike
 a fatal blew at the liberty of every free col
 ored mat in the North.
 “t‘
 We are therefore happy, that at such a
 fime, tbs colored citnens of New York and
 Boston kave come forth with their views on
 the sulpcf. Philadelphia should apeak. Its
 citizens are peculiarly exposed to the incur
 sions of rapacious slavehunters; and in the
 event of the passipg of Mason’s Billj we
 have no doubt that a vigorous slave-catching
 .business will be driven in Philadelphia.
 There are those who think that the pro
 posed law*, if passed, will become a dead
 letter. We differ from such persona, li
 there be not sufficient moral power arrayed
 against it, to defeat its adoption, from whom
 can we expect the moial power to defeat its
 execution 1 There are those in our large
 cities who would delight in a slave-hum
 wereyhey protected in the infernal chase b)
 •be sanction pf law. Let us not be deceived
 Those editor* who stand by Webster and his
 slawehoiding wickedness, afford no assuutnct
 i that they are too virtuous to reduee theu pio
 f fiigate theory to practice. The ajfelogy
 1 which they make for their position, is tlk
 Constitution and that is bioad enough t&lt;
 shelter any abomination.—r. b.
 i.
 Meetings at Canandaigua and Roch&gt;
 i ester,
 1 These meetings, summoned without res
 pect to party,’ and made up of persons o
 every shade of anti-slavery Opinion, were no
 large—not what those who were most activi
 I in getting them up, hoped they would be
 The omnipotence of party power was neve
 moip manifest, io either Rochester or Canan
 daigua, than on the occasion of these meet
 mgs. Silent, hushed—-but active, vigilant
 1 and persevering, the whippers-in of boil
 parties, doubtless, did their best to traiums
 the Itboial-minded, and to keep them awa&lt;
 from the meetings in question. In Canan
 daigua, ihe leaders in the Whig eauip wen
 deeply fearful that our proceedings woul&lt;
 weaken, rafher than'strengthen, the hands o
 1 Seward, Hale, Chase, Giddings, and other
 who are just now battling nobly with thi
 1 slavcfcowe*. It was thought that our rasl
 radicalism would prejudice our cause, am
 put weapons into the bands of our enemies
 1 What prudent men! how learned! hov
 wise! But their wisdom is to be seei
 chiefly in the crafty manner in which the;
 always manage to give an anti-slavery reasui
 for a pro-slavery couise of conduct, if the;
 were afraid that the cause would be injure*
 by our imprudehi advocacy, why did they no
 themselves give that cause (fur which a feu
 i months ago, they manifested so much devu
 i lion,) thq benefit of their wiser counsels ah&lt;
 qtoto dignified advocacy. But this ibey haVi
 &lt;wt dune aad we test they will not do. Wt
 must, therefore,be content io toil on, wtihqu
 tire aid of 4he wiae and the learoed. Thej
 are nut'quite prepared to euter our proscribe*
 ranks, arid acknowledge’ the. black mao as i
 brother. There is yet too mnch ediuxu at
 taching to bur movement, to allow prudsn
 men to unite with us. It is noW, as it Ini
 e.ver been, sincp the work commenced, neces
 st/y to tegard our’ pause a* a haled cause
 and 40 work for it. as though we stood alone
 in the field.— rfi, p*.
 Tri* following resolution* were pasted si
 the Cariaftdaigtfa Convention.--
 t,u„! T
 1, Resolved, That while We love the Cub
 stituUon and the Union, we vifue Ihem only
 as'means Of establishing jukticej securins
 the blessings of liberty,-and' promoting the
 general welfare;” u
 9. Resol vedy That so fir as they have been
 perverted from-those noble ends, to.uphold oi
 spread American slavery, t.pey haye cMMd
 lo be vqjvfble »,.iheJUiuon ha* been endan
 gered and that, instead of yielding .tv .tliK
 present demands of ihd slave-poU-'er, to savi
 the Tfntd rt,” the arfojition of lira Wilmot Pro
 viso, eod'sti ami-slavery ariuiiivistraf lon'of the
 government, ate the be»l meansil-r.preserving
 the Uuina, sub the only means that make u
 worth (ireseryiug.
 3.-Resolved, That we demand the appli
 cation of (be Jeffqtsonian Ordinance of; 1787,
 Wi.*H .s* Territories Wired S.i,*|e* f
 i he .prohibition of slavery Ul the District,ql
 Columbia, arid the” goaftrlty to tfver'y State
 in this ’Union, of a republican forte of’gtfv
 'rirtobbne,that *hall *‘secure the right bl
 evetV euswn, in his pevsuu aud property, and
 iu their management.”,
 4. Reaolvud, (krmprumise or- no cstepro
 miaerpCunaUfjuliop or np fipngtitution; whether
 escaping fugitive frqm *lavejy shall bavs
 bis trial for freedom before a jury, or upo-sla
 very post-msafer, or whafsmJvdr iribunal—
 that rid «r a Bril of safe
 (rotii XZti AlffftgHty M can esuhfiati the 'tikTe
 of the master to his elave; or mducb'fiir tti
 kft'U finger W-hiri in his reUitifHo the bo Use
 of boodati«.t e o'
 '*6i Resolved, that tho .xeceot speeches Of
 Wm, H:Seward,! Joshua R. Giddfr gsiJwhh
 £.JH*}e» Hovacu Maw, S. P. Chase* snd
 whw*, Jrj,the Congress ol ihe .United States,
 while they contain some idirmsions and cop*
 cessions wbtcH-wfc candrif give ev)-
 ifeMce, “neVarthrileds, of no -snwU degree of
 pfogrewp io' tbs national hooscils, m with 5
 SMndtng ehn usuigallons, 0 f the slavepowep;
 •sa.afbrd’cheeting indic» uw the spirit
 qf Northern freemen is qpt.quue exiinyi,
 will yet become predominant and victorious
 Rhsplvid, Thst tke 'berfidious snd
 heart leak course of Jfcriief Websinr, in
 -Senaus’of Ymted Sure#, is disgrace
 norridly to Maraachu»etts but tothe entirs
 North, and’Calls fwn.lha iwhgusuirehuheol
 freepwtpjs. r,f"„f
 That the. 4m«wan chureh
 and .clergy fpr the
 jrtwiw. s&gt; ■VT.yvffj-’fflS ssHsriT’
 ®r dutV fidihiutly, fearlessly j and
 pdMvsiMgty, ihts more oi ctunea would
 wok auihtio axial«u wM «**iw
 tlHi li i ft
 «trail) h'vn##*., a ,i„j
Latter from a tier*holder.
 Biloxi, (Mm.) Mu. 86, 1850.
 F. Douglass: I am in receipt of yoot
 letter of the 86th Feb., ia which you remind
 me that I owe Joa two dollars. I herewith
 fend that amotttt. Instead of adding
 subscriber to your Rat, allow me tojaiiMraw
 my name. I never Wts voluntarily jphor Sub
 scriber, as you knofK.ff aid you published the
 circumstances undsr wbiuh I became eo, in
 tlie first paper f»e. The pap*** J
 have received hate disappointed From
 *’hat had been said oT yoa bjrfoor friends,
 md whit I had seen of you and beard from
 you, while you were addressing s crowd of
 your own friends, iff your adopted State, on
 one of the few occasions that I have ever
 ,'*een out of the slave States, I believed ibai
 yini would do good, by exposing in strong
 language, the too comtno cticc among
 many of the Creole popu' *&gt;sr )f Louisiana;
 such as requiring slaves: te 1 Won h part! ol
 every Sunday,-providing* ,tl nn scanty Ibod
 and cldtbing, and in ab,o“ a knees Itflietinj
 punishments Which i ftV'f t hd degrade the
 •lave, and destroy his health arid usefulness.
 I thought that an exposure by you, in qthei
 Suites, of the unusual cruelties practised,
 which had fallen under your observation
 wpuld have the effect of rerpoviog those op
 pressiont upon the black man, and of benefit,
 ing his physical condition. To effect this, 1
 ihought you would deal with thosubjsct’uah
 didly that your object bfeing 1 to benefit tht
 jierisning slave,” your strong common sens*
 would indues yea* to hold'yourself strict’)
 within the bounds of truth that your pic
 tures and descriptions would not be so highly
 colored, as hot to be recognised by the slave
 holders. I was prepared to make maay.al
 lowancet on account of your past condition-*
 to excuse alight embellishments,] and pardoi
 small exaggerations. In all this* I have beer
 disappointed. Indeed your whole policy vrai
 misconceived. Your indiscriminate obtisi o
 slaveholders—your inflammatory appeals t&lt;
 your colored and white brethren of the North
 —your violence and wonlonneSs in attacking
 the Coustitulion of our common country, am
 your willingness to see h violated in the mos
 open and palpable manner, have convince!
 me that you are doing hartp m the black race
 and, mure firmly livening their chains. lan
 net, therefore, your” dear friend,” as yoi
 style me I am not a co-worker with you it
 yotir cruaide agamet the best interests of you
 race.-* 1 have heard year patiently for om
 year. 1 took your paj&gt;£r because it was of
 fered as an argument by one of your friends
 and I was willing to iTsten, not only to whs
 your friends had to say on these excitinj
 subjects. Delibeiately and calmly 1 decidi
 against.you, your paper a.nd your cause.
 As far back as I can trace my ancestry
 they were sHtvehoiders-*-not ‘‘slave-dealers T
 and without any desire tor act tra my owi
 pari, I have been always a slaveholder.
 I am working 188 slaves a*, my bnck-wQrk
 i at this place. Some I own, and some 1 hav
 .hired. I work negroes, because their labor
 from the very nature of the'institution, unde
 I a Southern sun, can alone be relied upon toil
 fcrlqinty; ami not becagae slave labor is mor
 profitable than white labor w&lt;»j}!d .be, rf w
 bad no slaves. If 1 could will the juistitutioi
 of slavery out of existence to-morrow, to
 I inoirow there would be no other than volun
 i tary slavery on this comment; and by tb
 annihilation of the institution if slavery,
 should feef that 1 had benefited my own mor
 than the black race.
 -t”
 i Ia caacluajon, 1 must add my firm belief
 r that-it is not in the power of any bumsi
 I being to. benefit the present condition of thi
 i slave, when owned and cared for by an hon
 eat man.
 You will oblige the by a discontinuance o
 I your paper. t
 Respectfully,- Ac.
 i f J W. t*. KENDALL.

 P.S.at New Orleans, 27th March. Sinci
 writrna the above, I reed’ it tt* a geqtlemai
 who iaa native of the'South—who has *1
 his'life beCn aCCustontert io slave labor, am
 has deliberately iuv'eMiguied the subject o
 slavery,' and therefore "has richer owned i
 C- T I* 1
 alaye; agd requcua me to expreaa to vou hu
 firm ponviefion, that slavery is a great bless
 ing to the black race, and great curse-ft
 .thp, whi*e race. w. k.
 |ml will
 1 v lu ift i I v*
 i Rx#akx«.. Wf *n My. Brad burn sent ui
 the name uf our akveholdmg coxrespondem
 as a subscriber, to the North Star, we could
 net but be glad, though we felt, almost sure
 that the writer would soon become annoyed
 by our animadversions-- orr slavery and slave
 holifdrs, ind would abandon the paper. Iwe
 persons could not' well be" placed in any cir
 cumstances more unfavorable to harruonool
 i «k&lt; I -a (|iti fc&gt; t j *5:
 feeling and unity of Opinion, than the hihvc
 and the slaveholder. They are opposite^
 ivl j.
 and extremes, which can nevp* meet. The
 pud l b' lion may l|» together* bpi
 tbft.sla e ,apd w .)pe sJpvyboider never. js’e
 uweeo these \benj ip. a, grtis* gulf ’fixed.
 Wuh't fulLknowledge of these simple truths
 at iha fitst, we cannot) *ay,wkh our.aJare
 t holding aorrespondentv that We are. a* all
 M at the vermioatioo which he
 has put to b6r further intefcmnse-wkh him.
 If'We feel ady stnrpnse, it te fAbre on account
 of |i\s gentlemanly bearihg towards up, than
 ou account of ,the conclusion to which hd has
 s a,, anji ,I J 1
 coqaei,, In r^spec? hta,example might be
 North
 wpper, .wJttPte great con
 sequeace it derived/tom, ibe.imwnify with
 whteh becin.itisaU a negro, Jq, this letter
 rhfeie wv-no- wanton and meaningless flings
 or Sneers kt'Ooi'coafphiKionA 4 He has written
 rtepfettfuttyvif' not cotfdvally:- If* he does not
 i steerfi dk'as a friend, he"does hot despise ps
 asrk fhPti. In oift* reply',' werfleshe to be a»
 M he* being pnfaiiWui J
 thrmgiilhc meed of praite wp have extended
 w.,m
 .oauawh- fpr us, jp bd fhfth-
 M ip a.slavehujdqt, ja jtp, wd
 in -peppilaat -esJUmahnc, r,A jo entjlpver, ofViy
 Wlow- ntea—a pranotw *of t ignore nee, yicy,
 ind crinSe, must be hSSnded hefisra tbs,world
 aa&gt;« flagrant the government
 ibk happintes bf man, aod in a
 Ch'rfstidfripirit exhorted to repent. Any
 other mode of trestmetit Would be mera aliaar
 siiii 'of course utierly useleaa. And id pot
 siting an open and bold exposure of slatery
 •pd "sfaveiioYders, one tv^o 1 results Will
 ,„,r;
 thr hM
 •tflj “tfrU 1 ..Ihlt, t* ||s{ ilptey'^
 &lt;i«n «*1 l«4# pve« -&gt;isUv&gt;-’//
fallen to our slaveholdiog correspondent.
 Would that hie heart had \*eo touched, soft
 ened and contorted T Would that ha eooW
 have rise* sqMriot and
 broken ehaWrof like a
 ha|e serpent, hat aim!
 ffkt, ala** Sit," yoa Save decided to ehm
 out fpti-slavery light from'your miad, and
 ttata already adopted the dq* system of rea
 soning common to the meet hard«s£d slave
 holder*. We ooßjurejoui j&gt;y the high value
 «&gt;f your own soul, to reconajdef your deter
 minatioß. You daanot be aatiafied with your
 preeent position. Tbia is apparent in the
 very before ua; for though you are
 now, and always&gt;have been, a slaveholder
 yoo are careful to mention that you ate so
 not by desire nor act of your own and you
 are further careful ta state, that yoor ances
 tors ware slaveholders. .i~.~j~.i~.
 Now, in this evident desire to put t{ie beat
 TaceNipoa your position, onry be easily read
 ihe workings Of* a disquieted Conscience.
 Why hot' yield to ft# demands, and be at
 peace! Why attempt to appease its urgent and
 just requirements by merf word wise distinc
 tions! Why distinguish between the slave
 holder and the ls not the latter
 comprehended in the.former If the one be
 right, cait, the other be wrong? You hold
 Uie slave as property. Tuts comprehend* all
 else. You can go no farther than- this. It
 is the highest crime you can commit. Then
 again, yoer beeomthg a slaveholder without
 any desire hr act on yodr own part, may we
 sakj What does it avail, when you admit, aa
 you must, that you do now hold slaves by
 your own desire, apd.by your own act? Why
 implicate your .ancestors, to exculpate your
 sell! Why use a reproach with which yout
 posterity may assail your own memory Ii
 the plea you thus make he a good one, how
 long will it remain bo Does it strengthen
 i or does it weaken under the weight of yesrs!
 You say, that as far back" as you are able to
 i trace your ancestry, they have been alave
 holders: tell us, Hava each generation oi
 them thrown off their sins upon the' preced-
 I ing generation, and ia it not likely that sue
 ceeding ones will do the same Oh! blinding
 I and bewitching voice of selfishness! into
 what maxes of confusion, falsa logic and ab
 i surdity dost thou-not lead:? _
 It is more than implied in .yo'ar letter, that
 1 you were induced to subscribe for the North
 Star, under a misapprehension of its char
 acter. We submit, that this ia no fault ol
 ours. You knew its editor to be an uncon
 cealed denouncer of slavery, in all its forma,
 and identified with what are called, by wny
 of reproach, the moat radical elasa-of aboil
 tioniata. We have deceived no man and i|
 you have been deceived, yon have beeu self
 deceived. The good you expected from th«
 paper, was not that aimed at by its editor—
 i not that declared upon the face of every num
 her of it which haa yet been isaued. It wai
 i not to correct the incidents of slavery, but u
 abolish it. It was not to expose the cruelty
 of Credit slaveholders, but all slaveholders
 r whether white or colored. i,
 1 Not are we at all conscious, that in. tin
 pursuit of this object, we have ever beer
 reckless of truth, or unjust" Vo any. W&lt;
 1 defy you 10 disprove a single charge evim
 nude ia its columns, against slavery in gen
 era!, or slaveholders in particular. Our col
 5 urau* shall be held at your serviee for such i
 f purpose, whenever yqu choose. te occupj
 ihe n.
 You doubtless thfnk that something is due
 to kind rossicra, and perhaps' rank yquieel
 i among the number. To all such we say
 I kind or ertie!, you are bound to quit you
 grasp on your slaves. You have no right
 but the right of a robber to your victims
 f Your fancied kindness,to what does jt amoun
 when set against the loss of liberty, the lost
 of progress, the lose of the means of edu
 cation, and the overwhelming degradation tc
 which UteQslave isaabjected—the mere pack
 horse of another-—« man taaneformed into a
 beast of burden—a name which might fc en
 rolled among the blest on the Lamb’s .Book
 of Life, saorilegidusly degraded to place in
 the pages of your-iedgCT, with Norms, sheep
 and 'swine? Perish’ill shows df kindness,
 when they are (hbught to conceal 6r to pal
 liate the damning character oTslavery.—X. V.
 i ait! 7 akils :4*
 t.. Johafi. Cslhoi*,.,,,
 It is not for the eiesture of* a day, who
 may be called to his-account-in an instant,
 withoat a nefte of Warhfibg, to rejoice in the
 deklh ofkrty fnanyet no shite who at ail
 compiehends the mighty 'inflhence exerted
 in ,favor of .slavery, by this champion! Of
 human bondage, while alive, can hafd one
 tear,/to shed oyer hip yemoyal from'this
 breathing world, 'Whatever .pf genma ite
 possessed, was all steadily, unceasingly ynfi
 sternly devoted to one iuiaxnal end—namely,
 ihe 1 perpetuity and prosperity of slavery.
 L During-his long-life* ho h%* taken care that
 ibe lriatoriair shall retard, as emanating from
 him, dot Sne wortf of condemnation of- this
 Vile aysiehi' of aboraination—notOne "Word
 of sympathy foy the toiling bondman—nbt
 one wh/ch posterity can distort" Into’it'
 recognifiou of .the plfvq&gt;
 C ajbngo haa, uniformly spoken apd acte&lt;j ip
 one direction;. and, t# the. foal bout
 life, his mind brooded gjoeunily over plapq
 whieh would have eflectuady.riveted the fet
 ter and the chain upoai dme aaiHiSns.vaf his
 coimtrymen. For si** a man wfc Hava no
 tears id ahdd 4 1 We'ifattrc him ttf the judg
 ment to* which 1 he hd# gone.-Udd hiametn
 6fy tO'thejhdfemeiWcf mankind d! 1
 n•■) -&gt;.lll a »,aj#|i 4« n
 i Dtesirals k^(iiY?ii»«; u
 1,1 •-'••V .ftjl' ft -lit" ii)l 1&gt;«I«
 Rumors are ufe of plots to re v ,u oni
 Cuba. The Ifew YorV.Exprdsa fiai' informa
 tion from’Havana,^thiit‘the riufnbet bf Attutrif
 chh frSvalWrtfHhdiWdls Marah was
 so great it hat hardly cuMain
 ihem. ’Their preseaoe litece prpbabh, haa
 some connection wijb jfMPßWfflf
 .tMMtospnmjtA&amp;Smt*"
 cent upon fhe island. The Grovernment of
 ndnik of tHi’ hjvoldtihttidta'" The iuDow nir
 li the New York of- lJi
 triday ilcoug luw, |&gt;i i
 “Mighty immorimujronk Wmshmgton
 r Innate u c...f» V
 a W asHiMdTOttvMarch liifh
 t‘l» a&lt;jdibun uatfia facia i, tehwrapbad,
 he ExpreM-yeateiday,J qvftiWPt
 Ifß 3 *#l f? Uattr-4 ft# 1 f»||| II i
 a. Th# ‘Command has teddewd nn,
 wvwrar lniieouah'4ue*t«ihollti North and
 twMvtor |«dl i#|s «4| v,
 f UI MW| W #|j H
himself m vigorous!y as he'uught to check
 the invasion.
 “4. That then is no more known about
 this enterprise, here in Washington, than you
 at tbs North base suspicion of.
 Ji h*’® to-day beaid other wsll-autheotf
 eated reports of other forces leaving this
 country for the general rendeavous at Chag-
 There can be no doubt the demonstra
 tion will be more formidable than has been
 anticipated.
 “I shall telegraph you again when the
 ‘ieakmgs-out’ justifiy.’’
 Spain will never* abandon this rich pntaaa
 aion without a despe ate struggle. W» have
 no doubt that the Captain General ia invested
 with authority to rmanetpate and arm the
 slaves, if such a policy should become neces
 sary to save the island from the hands of the
 revolution*,. These men may be the blind
 instruments of producing a convulsion which
 shall shake the slave system on this conlt
 n&lt;MM f il f Era.
 MW Milling at 1-riniMnn Hall.
 This meeting, aaeombled at. ft o'clock in the
 afternoop of Aftrli sth. and waa organized by
 the appointment of JAMES P FOGG, Eaq.
 as President F. Smith, Esq. Vice-
 President; and Geo. W. CutUU. Secretary.
 A committee to draft resolutions was then
 appointed consisting of the following persons;
 Geo. W. Clark, Wm. Goodell,
 Benj. F. Smith, Fred. Douglass,
 S. D. Porter, Adam Elder.
 laaae Post.
 The committee, after a brief consultation,
 reported the following aeries ot resolutions,
 which were accepted and laid before the con
 vention:—
 Resolved, That while we love the Consti
 tution and the Union, we value them only as
 means to an end, viz: the establisnment of
 justice—securing the blessing of liberty and
 promoting the general welfare.”
 Resolved, That so ftr as they have been
 perverted from these noble ends to uphold or
 spread slavery, they have ceased to be valu
 able—the Union has been endangered, and
 that, instead of yielding to the demands of the
 slave power to '■'soot the Uniun”—\h e adop
 tion of the Wilmot Proviso; and an anti-alave
 ry adminiatation of the government, are the
 best means for preserving the Union and the
 only means which make it worth preserving.
 Resolved, That w» demand the application
 of jhe Jeffeison Ordinance of 1787 to all tha
 Territories of the U.S.; the prohibition of
 Slavery in the District of Columbia, and tha
 “guaranty to every -State in the Union of a
 republican form of government, that shall ae
 cdre the right of every citizen in his person
 and property, and their management." (Jef
 ferson)
 Resolved, That the reoent speeches of W.
 H. Seward, S. P. Chase, J. R. Giddings,
 Horace Mann, Wra. A. Sackett; Thadeua
 ’Stevens, Cot. Bifesell, and their worthy com
 peers in Congress in behalf of Freedun, while
 they qpntain some admissions and concessions
 which we cannot endorse, give evidence,
 nevertheless, of no tmall degree of progress
 in the National Councils in withstanding the
 slave power, and afford cheering indications
 that the spirit of Northern Freeinen ia not
 quits extinct, and will yet become triumphant
 and universal in this country.
 Resolved, Thai (fye rectot speech of Daniel
 WebMef ’oit the question in the Unti
 ed States Senate, shows a lamentable want
 of moral principle—a base and cowardly ser
 vility 19 the slave powpr—is inconsistent with
 ,hi* previous expressed opinions—u dishonor
 able to the Statesman,tteacneious to the cause
 of Freedom, and is, to use the emphatic lan
 guage of this Senator on an other occasion,
 a speech not. tit to -aa j^del”
 Resolved, That in the language of Ed
 mund Burke., as recently quoted by Wm. H.
 Seward, ni the Si pate of the United States,
 “ThdYeis but" one few for aft; namely, that
 laW which governs-all; rhelaw of our Crea
 tor, the hrw tof hum&amp;nivy-, jurttoe, equality—
 ihs law.ofmature sudol natioua. Se far as
 any laws fortify .tlvja pMmeval.laWk and give
 it it more precision more, energy mpre effect
 by there such laws enter the
 saiictuary and participate In the saerbdness of
 its chancier. But llleimn Ufot quotes as
 •'precedents the' abuses of tyrants in&lt;J robbers,
 pirHtitea thdVery Idundaiioa of’juatice, dts
 (roys the foundations qf atf Arts,and .therefore,
 jreauoyes the only, wieg.patd.sgai.nst .evil men,
 .whethergpverpprs or governed, the guard
 prevents governors from' becoming ty
 rants, and the governed from beddoiiug reb
 dtt,” Thdidfore--—• i*-■
 f Resohed/Thst, in the word* of Wm. H.
 Seward, ia-the speech above, meaueued, all
 humau ‘’‘.laws must bo brought to the stan
 dard of the la« of God, ,ft»d must stand ot
 fall by it.”,
 Resolved, That we Hail, with
 emotions o’fhigh hdpCJnd grttirode, the pro
 ‘thulgsttrfn in the National ••Senate of those
 fundamental- ptineiphw of cwl government,
 and-of civil law,without which, cjvrl govern
 imeat itaelf by becoming, so oppressor, falls
 .into contjempt: and civil society becomeseithat
 degraded and servile,, or upcontrolfable and
 disorganized. 4
 11 Resolved, Compromise or no compromise,
 constitutiott'or- no coodHtutioßi' whether the
 eeeapmg fugitive from slavery shad have his
 trial for freedom beture a jury-,, a pro-slavery
 postmaster, or whatever tribunal that no
 testimooy short of a ..bill of .sale., from Al
 ,mighty p"d can establish the“ title of the
 master to h» slaved orlhddce us to lift s fin
 ger to aid' in hrs return to the house- of bon
 dage. 4,
 1 The above resolutions were diaehiaed dur
 ing the' afternoon' Kittf eittritig by Messrs.
 Goodell, Douglass. Fisfi", Eldir, Gteig, and
 othery, and passed unanimously.
 foilowfing letter "way received from
 .Pen. yr. Pmt t E*q, »nd r««d to the Conven
 tion:— i
 ..i Rochester, April 6th, 1850.
 Mr. Gdo. W. Clarko—, ,i» t M 0
 Hear. Sir: l regret that lam ppahle to at-
 Cfiise, Seward, fitssell and'oiherd; in behalf
 of Hhtaan 'Freedom, hoWiver i triay differ
 ’frtMirtSOmwof them in opinion 1 upoa dther sub
 jects, meets my -warm -approval.. The great
 question tefJhKSflnai liberty ssjtgaiitet Chat
 ,teliSl4verg fc «|l othsra,
 men pfall partipq ahopld units
 in cheering on those who battle fqr human
 rights ana/fee"soil. TrdstiHgthat your Con
 'VdhVttfh'hlky e*ferctua a irauence at
 ‘tfaia‘eriß*r I, .‘l-asv, trulydeurs,
 i.. t
 »"°A Iresdletioo wasdhan adoyied respectfully
 reqdetting the city papcnmo fmbli»h the pro
 ceddihgs ahd rtsbltmons, when the meeting
 adjourned.' ,M t»•••#♦ v» t...»
 t A large number ofsigh'atuhti''wai obtained
 Meeting ttf protesting
 against (ha paSadgd bf hfssdn's, dr iny other
 tl
 '|*l J Or? I T*.&gt; lu n -&gt;|j&gt; *&lt;w ftdlT rtl
 w*.„s
 •••'"‘V" Mr.
 Frtfm'ilfr fMffrfoi of MV. read 1Q
 ,ht, Ja&amp;gtVtnbk, tlm he
 Can!
 bna; htarrh*Mkhi«47Mla». H» father, Patrick
 at
 Mareltftfmft felting.'ia&gt;at&lt; i*« coun
 ty. Cslbtemsasretd tits akiMhtmd with
 ew advantagea of edyc^qft.,,Atjge agt of
 H#l louim tv im«l
 •1 Horn f fiviatstf* isn .dosifl
"
