"For the North Star.
 TO A H—.
 &gt;Y JAMES M. WHITFIELD
 1 joot hod turned the classic p*f«*
 With ancient lore end wisdom fraught;
 Which nan; a loary-beaded sage
 Had st.mped with never-dying thought;
 And many a bard of lofty mind,
 With measured lay and tunefnl lyre,
 Aad (train* too grand fot human kind,
 All pregnant wi h cele tial fire—
 la note* majestic, loud and long,
 Had poured the volumed tide of long.
 Here Ef vpt's ngea, (killed of yore,
 le Isis' daik mysterious rite*,
 Unveiled their fund of myotic lore
 To eager Grerian neophyte*.
 Aad a* I aadty musing eat,
 Thinking on age* long gone by,
 The Pantheon arose in r ate,
 Aad paseed bt-f»re my fiaey'a eye.
 Juno's majeotic mien we* there,
 And Venus'.beautaoua form and face,
 Piana, modest, chiote, and fair,
 And Hebe adorned with youthful grace,
 Ceres, with sheave* and plenteous horn,
 Minerva, with high wisdom crowned,
 Aurota, radiant as the morn,
 Whoee smile ihiil light on all around;
 The Graces, sisterhood divine,
 Prepared to charm each mortal sense,
 Aad last of all, the immortal /Vine,
 With music, veree, sal eloquence,—
 Naiads ami Nymphs a numeious train,
 Came thronging through the ample fane.
 Pen* from eastern regions came,
 B aring aloft the sacred fire,
 Which Zjroaster, eon of flame,
 Kindled ou Mithra’s anc.cat pyre.
 The dark eyed maids who wait to greet
 The Moslem brave in Paradise,
 Forsook awhile their blissful seat,
 And left the region of the skies.
 The pa'm of beauty to dispute
 With sovereign Jove's immoital suite.
 And as I sat, entranced, amazed,
 With radiant beauty circled round.
 Thy form high o’er the rest upraised,
 Appeared, with brighter splendor crowned
 And every eye wr* turned on thee.
 Of Hiuri, Peri, God less, Grace,
 As bright in peerless majesty,
 You mounted to the highest pi ce.
 Juno resigned her crown to thee,
 Venus her zone of love unlxju id,
 While haughty Pallas bowed the knee,
 And laid her armoi ou the ground.
 The M i*e», also, owne I thee queen
 Of mnsic, eloquence, and verse,
 And tuned their lyres and harps, I ween,
 Thy matchless praises to rehearse.
 The Peri owned thy dazzling eye
 Might kindle far a brighter fire
 Than ih it which ext biased to the sky,
 On mtny an orient*' pyre,
 There lighting up wiih ray divine,
 The ancient GlralN-r’s firry shrine.
 The Houris owned that coulJ thy charms
 Be viewed from regions of the skies,
 Twould tempt die faithful fi«vn their arms,
 And all tiie j tys of Paradise;
 Or were the Prophet's s- If on earth.
 And but a glimpse of thee were given,
 He'd own one smile of thine were worth
 All pleasure- of the highest heaven;
 Ami from t he Moslem creed erase
 That portion so unjustly given.
 Which shuts one half the human race
 Forever from tl*e joys of Heaven.
 And all the bright Olympic train,
 Findin; the contest waged in vain,
 And that each boasted Deity
 Was far eclipsed in cbaims l&gt;y thee,
 Fled from the #oe »e where all their charms.
 The power of wisdom, beauty, grace,
 Had prostrate sunk beneath the arms
 Of one who, though of mortal race,
 la her own person did combine
 All of the attributes divine,
 Wbii h Grecian fancy eist did trace
 In Nymph, in Goddess, or in Grace;
 Aad ne'er did eastern poet tell,
 'Mid all the fabled sprites that dwell
 On earth, in water, or in air,
 Of aught that could with the* compare,
 la grace of person and of mind:
 For in thy presence pleasures grow,
 Aa I brightest glories i ouud thee move,
 Whether it be with men below,
 Or seraphs in the realms above;
 Aad when thy epiril shall return
 Back to that Heaven from whence it came,
 Angels and seraphs iu their turn,
 8b ill join to celebrate tby name,
 And spiead through Heaven as well ns earth,
 The story of tby matchless worth.
 THE GIN FIEND.
 MX CHARLES KaCKAT.
 The Gin Fiead cast his eyes abroad.
 An I looked o’er ell the land,
 And numliered hi* myriad worshippers
 With his bird-like long i ignt hand;
 He took bis place i.» the teeming streets,
 And watched the people go.
 Around and about, with a buzz and a about,
 Forever to and fro;
 And It’s hip! said the Gin Fiend, hip! burfah
 Fur the multitude I see.
 Who offer themselves a sacrifice,
 And die for the love of me
 There stood a woman on a bridge’
 •he was old. hut nor with year*
 Old with success, andpa«,i ou »nd pain,
 Aad she wept remorseless tears;
 Aad she gave to her babe her milk less breast,
 Then goaded by iis cry,
 Made a desperate le p iu the river deep,
 la the sight of the passers by;
 And it's hip’ said the Gin-Fiend, I ip' hurrah'
 She sinks, but let her be!
 le life or death, whatever site did,
 Was nil for the love of me!
 There watched another by the hearth,
 With sullen face end thin:
 Ohe uttered words of scorn and hate
 To one that staggered ia;
 taag has aha watched; and when he came,
 Hie tbo'ts were heat on blood;
 He eoul.l not brook her taunting look,
 Aad slew her where she stood:
 And it’s kip' said the Gin-Fiend, hip, hurrah
 My right good friend is he'
 hath slam hie wife, he hath given hie life,
 at ft**-..- ie- Aad ad for the love of aw!
 **erj in, the crowded way
 ,i .He takas his featfel aland,)
 *4. ~*t. -....1. &lt;*y Uw Mdjtrppj
 *4 kt f Widows and taakie nod wieue,
 T
 the fiead their lives;
 Aad Hfcftifillto m)%
 Far the multitude I eat,
 That sail their seals fur the baraiag drtaki
 +M dfe fee tj» fere ef *1
Jpoettg.
iHifitt*‘ancouo.
A TALK OP NAPOLEON* T. ME.
 The emperor Napoleon had on one
 occasion after aa audience with the
 foreign minister*, remained conversing
 with Josephine in the deep recess of a
 window which overlooked the gardens
 of Fontainebleau. They were inter
 rupted by the entrance of one of his
 officers, the Chevalier de Merville,
 who bowing said.
 “Sire, a young lady from Lyons, has
 been waiting hours for an opportunity
 to see you.”
 "Why was she not admitted ere
 this?" asked Napoleon hastily.
 "Four majesty forgets that tho Aus
 trian Ambassadors have just depart
 ed."
 "Ah! I had forgotten! A young
 woman! What is her business with
 me!"
 "Some petition I believe, Sire," an
 swered De Merville.
 "Well, well, show her into our pres
 ence now," said the Emperor, looking
 at Josephine with a smile.
 The officer retired, hut soon re-ap
 peared in the corridor, with a lady
 leaning upon his arm, whose face a»
 much as could be seen was very beau
 tiful. She trembled as she approached
 the door.
 "Mademoiselle,'’ whispered hei
 guide, and pressing her hand, "take
 courage but answer promptly whatevei
 questions the Emperor proposes. H»
 detents hesitation." Then ushering
 her ititu the spacious department, ht
 bowed and retired.
 The trembling girl, seeing Napoleon
 on whom her loudest hopes depeuded
 forgot herself, and her timidity, sht
 thought only of another. Throwing
 liernelf at the feet of Napoleon, sht
 exclaimed in a voice choked with etno
 lion, "Mercy! Sire. I sue for inercj
 and pardon." She could articulate m
 more.
 Josephine stepped from her partia
 concealment, and approaching tin
 group, contributed more by her swee
 and sympathizing words oi'eucourage
 ment to restore the courage of tut
 young petitioner, than even the Em
 peror by the graciousness of his man
 uer as he bade her arise. "Your pe
 tilion, Mademoiselle," said he.
 Hennette Arinand (for that was hei
 name) looked imploringly at tlie Em
 peror, and exclaimed, "Ah, Sire! J
 ask pardon for Louis Deiamarre, win
 is condemned to be shot on the tnor
 row. Oh, grant him your royal par
 don!"
 A cloud gathered on the bvow o
 Napoleon as he interrupted her will
 —“Deserter, Mademoiselle. He ha
 twice deserted. No, he must be mad.
 an example to the rest of the reifi
 meni."
 "But the cause of his desertion!'
 cried Henrietta, in ngony; "He wa
 compelled sorely against his will t&lt;
 joiu the army."
 "What was the cause of his deser
 lion?" interrupted Napoleon.
 "Two weeks since," answered Hen
 riette, "he received news that an oul
 remaining parent, his mother, Sire
 was on her death bed, and longed da
 and night to behold her son again
 Louis knew that relief from his pos
 was impossible. His mind was fillet
 with one thought, that she might clos&lt;
 her eyes forever, ere they rested 01
 the son she loved so fondly."
 "Did she die?" asked the Empress
 with interest.
 "N.*, mudatne," replied Henriette
 "she at last recovered. But hardh
 had Louis received her blessing, beei
 folded in her arms, ere he was tori
 from her grasp by the officers of jus
 tice, and dragged hither. Oh, must i,i
 die? Meicy, Sire, i beseech you."
 "Mademoiselle," said Napoleon
 apparently "this was tbt
 second offence, nave the first, yoi
 omitted that."
 "It was," answered Henriette, hesi
 tating and cw|« ,riig, "It was that ht
 heard I was to marry Conrad Ferrand,
 whom I detest as much as he does,’
 added Henriette with naivette.
 "Are you his sister, that you feel sn
 great au interest in bis fate?" asked
 (he Emperor.
 "Ah, no, Sire," said Henriette, hei
 lovely cheek assuming a still deeper
 hue of the rose; "1 ain only his
 cousin."
 "Ah, only his cousin," repeated
 Napoleon, glancing at Josephine with
 a half suppressed smile.
 "On, Sire, said Hemiette, "recol
 lect the anguish of his widowed moth
 er, when she reflects lhat the affection
 •if her s&gt;n for her is the cause of his
 death. What," continued she, "can I
 do to save him?”—and the poor girl,
 forgetting the presence of royalty,
 iurst into tears. The kindhearted
 Josephine glanced at the Emperor,with
 eyes expressive of pity and sympathy,
 she noticed the workings of his face,
 and felt at once that it was very un
 certain whether Louis Deiamarre was
 shot the next morning.
 Napo'eon approached the weeping
 girl, she hastily looked up and dried
 her tears.
 "Mademoiselle," said he, "would
 vou give your life for his? Would
 you die could Louis Deiamarre be re
 lored to life, liberty, and his mother?" i
 Henriette started back, turned dead
 ly pale, looked fixedly at the emperor i
 i moment, then turning away, she!
 *uried her face in her hands. After
 nlence of soma moments, she was
 deadly pale, but an air of firm determi
 nation rested upon her lace. "1 am
 villing," said she in a very low but
 calm voice.
 Napoleon looked at bar with sur
 prise, as if be had not expected so
 ready an acquiescence in his proposal.
 "I will see you again," aaid he. "In
 he meantime accept such apartments
 or your accommodation as I shall di
 rect." So saying, the Emperor him
 self escorted her to the door, and whis
 periog in tba ear of Da Merville,
 resigned her to his ear*.

 B #wri*tte stood alone in a spacious,
 magnificent apartment. Hour# bad
 »a*e«ti unobserved, ao intensely was
 «he absobed in reverie. A small foldre
 paper waa tightly grasped in one hand
 ,0a ‘it waa traced these words, "A de
 •rter is condemned by tba laws of thi
 ermy to suffer death. If you wish
 Louis Dslamarrs rostered to liberty,
the meant are in your power. Ere
 morning dawns be may be on hit way
 to join hit mother whom be to much
 loves.
 “Ah,” murmured Henriette, “do I
 not love him too?" Pressing her hand
 upon her heart as if to hush its tumult*
 uous beatings, she paced the apart*
 ment. The door opened and the Che*
 valier De Merville entered. He
 paused ere he articulated “Made
 moiselle."
 “I am ready," replied thehighmind
 ed Henriette. "My decision is made."
 De Merville appeared to compre
 hend the important of her words. He
 looked upon her in reverence as well
 at admiration, as she stood with the
 high resolve impressed upon her beauti
 ful brow, "Follow me, mademoiselle."
 said he. They traversed long corriHoia
 and uutnerous suites of superb apart
 ments, and descending a staircase,
 quickly reached an outer court, com*
 niuuicating with the guaid house.
 Enteri g this, Henriette was ushered
 by her guide into a small uutenanied
 room, where she was soon left to her
 self. She looked around: on a chair
 was flung a uniform of the regiment to
 wliicti Louis belonged. On a table lay
 a plumed cap. Henriette comprehend
 ed it all in a moment. Quickly habit
 ing herself in the uniform, she stood
 belore the small mirror, and gather
 ing up her beautiful brown tresses in a
 knot, placed ihe cap upon her head.
 She almost uttered a cry of joy at the
 success of her transformation. A little
 below the stature of Louts, th 6 cap ad
 ded to her height; while its long black
 plumes sweeping over her face, effec
 tually concealed it from view. She
 knew that she was to be led to the fatal
 ground at the morrow’s dawn. The
 bullet which would have struck Louis
 to the eaith, would pierce her heart,
 but she shrunk not hack. Love tri
 umphed over the timid woman’s nature.
 "Louis’s mother will bless me in her
 heart," she whispered. "Louis him
 self will never loi-get ine! Ah, often
 has he sworn that lie loved tne better
 than all things else beside." Drawing
 a lock of raven hair from her bosuui,
 she pressed it to her lips, then breathed
 a prayer to heaven.
 Morning dawned. The sound ol
 footsteps aroused Henriette. She start
 ed up, grasping the band ot hair,
 awaiting the summons. The door
 openeu, and two soldiers entered; re
 peating the name of Louis Deiainarre
 they silently led .her forth to die. The
 large court yard, ev«n at this early
 hour, was tilled with soldiers—the com
 rades of Louis—assembled to witness
 the punishment of desertion.—Hem i
 elte calmly took her place on the spot
 assigned to her, her tace bent toward
 the ground. No one suspected she
 was other than Louis Deiainarre, the
 deserter. But he was yet in a distant
 part of the guard house, happily igno
 rant of the devotedness of Iter he loved
 so well. The soldiers whose bullets
 were intended to pierce the heait ol
 Louis, had taken their proper distances,
 and only awaited the word ofcouiiiiaud
 from the Emperor, who was slatioued
 at a window commanding a view of the
 whole scene.
 "Oh!" cried Josehine, who stood by
 him, but concealed by the window dra
 pery from ibe view of those below.—
 j "On! Sire, 1 can endure it no longer,
 it seems too much like dreadful reali
 ty.—Mark the devoted gill! No shrink
 ing back. She seems calmly awaiting
 the fatal moment."
 Stop!” cried the Emperor from the
 window. "Louts Deiainarre ia pardon
 ed! 1 revoke his sentence."
 A loud burst of applause from the
 lips of the soldiers followed this an
 nouncement. No one olthem but loved
 and respected their comrade. The
 next moment, ere they could press
 around to congratulate the aupposed
 Louis, De Merville hud eagerly drawn
 the bewildered Herriette tarough the
 crowd, back to the door of the cell
 from which she had emerged but a few
 moment* belore.
 "Resume your dress again, Mademo
 iselle, tie hurriedly whispered “Lose
 no time. The emperor wishes to see
 you. 1 will returu soon."
 Henriette was like one in a dream;
 but a gleam of delicious hope thrilled
 her soul; *he felt the dawuiugs ol hap
 piness break upon her heart. Soon
 again resuming her pretty rustic habili
 ments, De Mervi.le reappeared, and
 once again she trod the gallery leading
 to the audience loom of the Emperor.
 Lifting her e) es from the ground, as
 the Icily door swung open, she beheld
 Louis! An exclamation of joy burst
 from the lips of each, as, regardless of I
 the presence of others, they rushed j
 into each other’s anus.
 Napoleon stopped, Delamarre," said
 he, "you have just heard from my lips
 the tale of this lovely girl’s devotion
 and courage. Do you love her a* she
 deserves!"
 "I could die for her answered
 Louis, proudly.
 "Well, well," cried the Emperor,
 "this severe test of the love of one will
 suffice. So dutiful a son, so faithful a
 lover, will doubtless make the best of
 husbands.—You Lieutenant Louis De
 lamarre, are discharged from your
 regiment. Return to your native val
 ley with Henriette as yuur bride."
 A HOUSE STORY.
 A jocose Boston auctioneer was
 called upon one day by a country deal
 er from Vermont, who wished to dis
 pose of hia horse. He was one ol
 those distinctive characters peculiar to
 that section, with a countenance
 strongly indicative ot simplicity and
 shrewdness.
 'I say,' said he, *1 want to tee the
 auctioneer, that actions off horses here
 on Saturday.*
 ‘l’m the individual,* eaid the auc
 tioneer:—‘what can 1 do for you?*
 ‘Well, I’ve got a horse 1 want to
 sell, provided 1 can get enough foi
 him; 1 don’t want n- thing more than
 his valua neither. He's a good one,
 though just now he's a lettl* thin; bui
 I reckou he ought to sell pretty smart
 ly.’
 will you have him ad*
 ‘Well I guess 1 don't know about
 tbftt* Wh«t du you n? 1
 ‘One dollar first insertion. fifty tents
 for every timaafiar.* 7
 ‘Thar# tow dollars for thief tiaes;
I reckon you may put him in lha paper
 once, stranger, and after that let him
 slide/
 ‘Very good; what color is he?'
 'Rather brown than otherwise.'
 'ls he sound?'
 'Sound? Oh, sound as a dollar;
 thotiid'ni like to warrant him though.'
 'All right, I'll advertise and sell him
 on Saturday. Have y« ur 'crittur' at
 the mart by twelve o’clock.'
 'I just want to tell, Mr. Auctioneer,
 I should like to have the animal limited
 at fifteen dollars, but you may e t him
 go lor five.'
 'Exactly, and you won't take a grea'
 deal more than is offered for him, will
 you?’
 •Well no, I’m not dispositioned to be
 bard, any how; I calculate not.’
 Saturday came, and one dollar and a
 hall was hid for the animal brought b\
 the horaa dealer.
 ‘Goon, gentlemen, I’ve only one
 dollar and a half bid for the horse; how
 much more shall 1 hear? One dollai
 and a half—going, going,—"
 ‘Sell him, sir, he's dying!’ whispered
 the Vermont horse dealer into the eai
 of the knight of the hammer.
 ‘Gone!’ shouted the auctioneer, and
 down went the old horse at a dollai
 and a half.
 After the sale the horse dealer was
 the first one up at the desk to settle.
 'Well, I reckon it won’t take long
 to settle up this little trade of mim
 about the horse,” said he.
 •N&lt; t long,’ said the clerk; ‘there’*
 vaur account of sale; you have ju*t t«
 pay us fifty cents more than the hors&lt;
 Drought.'
 ‘Political destruction!' exclaimei
 ihe Vermonter, with a humorous affec
 tation ot astonishment. Then, with
 satisfied manner, he continued, ‘lt
 cheap enough! There’s a fifty cetn
 piece. Cheap enough! 1 could’nt git
 him away at no price, and it wouh
 have coat tew dollars and a hall'to bun
 him. Jest halt a dollar saved. Goo&lt;
 morning, Mr. Auctioneer. Cheaj
 enough!’
From (be National lutel ijjencer.
 AN ARGUMENT AGAINST EARLY
 MARRIAGES.
 Messrs Editors: In your paper ol
 August lOih 1 noticed a cnmtiimunica
 tion Irom tlie Richmond Republican
 signed *W. W. Y.,’m which the writei
 advocales early marriage*. V\ ith youi
 permission 1 will present ‘the other sidi
 *&gt;f the picture.’ Says W. W. Y..
 ‘all know, or should know the opiniui
 of the wise'and good Franklin upon
 this subject, who was a warm advocatt
 in its favor.’ Perhaps Franklin wa&gt;-
 philosophically right in his opinion, but
 facts go to prove that he was practical
 ly wrong. For instance, gentlemen
 •all know, or should know,’ that child
 ren of very young parents are general
 ly deficient in strength of body am
 mind, and commonly die young. ‘AI
 know, or should know,’ that Frunkhi
 was the fifteenth child of his iathei
 and tne eighth of his mother; and mot*
 still he was the youngest child for fiy.
 successive gt Derations on his mother’r
 side, from whom, more than his fathei
 he inheiiti d his eminent tulents.
 Pitt, Fox, Burke, were each tin
 youngest child of their respective fami
 lies. Daniel Webster is the youngest
 by a second marriage, so also wa»
 Lord Bacon, whose father was fill),
 Bud his mother thirty-two years of age
 at his birth. Judge Story’s mothei
 was forty-four at his biith; Benjamin
 West was the tenth child of his par
 ents; and Dr. Doddridge was the twen
 tieth child by one father and mother.
 It is a proverb that ‘the youngest child
 is the smartest.’ And why ?—evident
 ly because the parents are mature in
 mind and in body, aud const quently
 transmit a higher order of mentality tc
 their offspring. Does the intelligent
 farmer expect a h' altby and luxutiani
 crop when he aeeds with dwaifisi.
 green corn or unripe potatoes? Anc
 why not biing in requisition as much
 science aud common sense to propa
 gate the human form divine,’ as ‘pota
 toes *»d cabbage?’ Grant that early
 marriages would obviate ‘much of th»
 vice and wickedness which is now al
 most unaveidable,’ is not the remeoy
 worse than the disease if it bo the
 means of bringing into existence a
 race of puny ill-formed children, a
 majority of whom die before they ar
 rive at maturity? But the evil does
 not end h-re. Those who do lit*
 transmit their mushroom const it utiom
 to iheir offspring, and thus most effec
 tually are the ‘iniquities of the fathere
 visited upon the children.’
A GENTLEMAN, WllO WAI NOT
 ASHAMED OF BEING POOH.
 There are volumes of sound pract
 ic'd philosophy in this seemingly slight
 sketch couied from one of Thackeray’s
 whimsical articles in Punch:
 "Now, Goldsworthy, is a gentleman
 and a man of genius, who has courage
 arid simplicity enough to he poor—not
 like some fellows whom one meets,
 and who make a fanfaronade of povei
 ty, and draping themselves in theii
 rags, seem to cry ‘See how virtuous 1
 ain,—how honest Diogenes is!" but h«
 is a very poor man, whose education
 and talents are of the best, and who
 in so far claims to rank with the ver)
 best people in the world, in his place
 in Parliament, when he takes off hip
 hat (which is both old and well brush*
 sd,; the Speaker’s eye is pretty sure
 to meet his, and the house listens to
 nim with the respect which is due to so
 much honesty and talent. He is the
 equal of any man, however lofty or
 wealthy.
 Hia social position is rather improved
 by hia poverty, and the world, which
 is a manly and generous world in its
 impulses, however it may be in its
 practice, contemplates with a sineeie
 regard and admiration Mr. Godswor*
 ihy’s manner of hearing his lack of for
 tune. He is going to dine for a shil
 ling; be will have two mutton chops,
 (and a mutton chop ia a thing unknown
 m the palacee ot epicures, where you
 nay get cutlets dressed with all sorts
 &gt;f French sauces, but not the admire*
 de mutton chop,) and with a due el*
 owance of the Club bread end beer,
 ie will make perfectly wholesome
 md sufficient and excellent meal; and
 &lt;o down to the house end fire into
 Alwwttrs this Y*rj night*
Asylam ftr the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON*3 Hydropathic and Anvalvtic
 Asylum, Nq 217 Exchange Street, oppos'ite'the
 urphaa Asylum. Rochester, N.V. This Imitate*,
 is uut firmly evtabhslied and in successful opr ra
 tion- The proprietor analvxea every ditear r hat ia
 admitted there, and applies the natural mad apprt»
 priute remedy. Although water ia uaod in ovary way
 that ia applied in any water-cure establishment if,
 the United Staten, yet the proprietor with,-* it to he
 expressly understood that it ia not relied ou a* the onlg
 or principal iemedy in the treatment of diaeaae aub
 miited to hit care.
 Tbia Establishment ia designed for that class ol
 invalida who hare failed to obtain (heir health by all
 other tysterna af practice, and are atill unable to
 wralk or stand on their feet, and are confined to theii
 ■&gt;eds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 .•mt any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution nol
 only entirely remove disease bui give increase':
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 l teen brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who I tad neither walked or borne their weight
 -hi theii feet from five to fifteen years; and *oui&lt;
 who have been unable to drees or undress, or sven
 to feed titeinselves, and in the course of a few week*
 would lie walking with the elasticity of youth am
 lie quickness of a pede-trian, astonished at them
 -elves, and surprising their ftieuds anti all who saw
 Item w hen they first came. The treatment oftho
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 isenses peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the V\ omb, in all its stager
 oid conditions in patients, from twelve years of agt
 ip to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 Jieir be«.» from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 Iress, or undress themselves, or eveu 100 feeble to
 .ear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pan
 n the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head* Spina
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation hi
 be Stomach, Palpitation ui Uie lleai i, Dyrpepsi.
 •ll its forms and stupes, files, Ponliveness, lli
 irrlHca, Suppression of tlie Menses, Excessivt
 lentuuatton, Whites, all Nervous Discuses, Col-
 Vet and and*, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters ol
 II kinds, Sail Kheuin, in its wmst (hnn*, Neural
 :m, Tic Douloureux, Rlieumaiism, Coiisuimitiod in
 is fust stages. General Weakness and Debility
 The proprietor ha* given his whole atteniion t
 lie above diseases for the last ten years, and bm
 eated them in an entirely difieri ut way from ant
 iher private practice or public Institution iu tlin
 ..untry and such has i&gt;een hi* snccess, and so cer
 tin an* Ids remedies in their effect* on those dm
 ases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 ified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalid'
 "-eking to obtain their health a sufficient guarautei
 gainst any false pretensions, exaggeration, iiupo
 ilion or deception, so that no one need be to am
 xpciise in this Institution without being bauefite*
 The proprietor will enter iuto a special contrac.
 ,ith any one who wishes to do So, tliat he will an
 ut into tlie Institution, to advance the money an
 ■iy all the expenses from any part of the Unite)
 Mates here and h.vk home again, before he com
 asiires tlie treatment, and give a bond to board them
 ..getltei with hi* professional services, for nothing,
 i he does not help them according to con'ract. Any
 -lie thinking the above proposition not a surticien
 uarautee against misiep escalations and ex|ietu«
 ithoul receiving equal benefit, ran let the pr&lt;m")e
 or know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shill b»
 nly co sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 ice by the intliience of those who have lieen lielpei
 ere, as nothing has ever been published before,
 -ml tlie piopnetor means that it shall sustain itsel
 its own merits, or pay tlie excuse ol those win
 lioosc to make a emit'act in case of fmluie. Tin
 esigu of iliis Circular is uut to make known tin
 tires that have lmen made in this institution, becam-i
 ney must soon be believed; hut 10 let it be mo.
 xtensively known to tlie pool suffering invaliu.-
 liai have spent huiidieds ol dollars iu trying ai
 -tlier systems of practice, and without much or any
 enefii,and still remain confined to tneir beds fruii
 ive to twenty years, that theic is an Institutioi
 vhose treatment is different from any othet one tin
 niied Stales, and is pnrticularly adapted to then
 dilation, and can have it cost tliem nothing untesr
 ney are materially benefited.
 From the nature oI treatment in'his Institute n
 l»e iiniuber ol patients must be limited, therefoie tin
 roprietur doe* not solicit the pan ullage ol slight an&lt;
 i .Unary cases whHi may lie eu*ily helped t y ..the.
 ystems of practice; nor dues lie want any one l&lt;
 nine, unless tlu-y wish to get well, and are wilting
 l« made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 .11 les at a time, and follow it up day alter day i.
 uccersiou; ami also willing to be made able to eu
 me as much labor and fatigue as most of peopl.
 nut call themselves well, as he means tliat even
 ne that goes through a thorough course of treatiuvin
 n tlie Analytic Institution shall show by Uieir iu
 .eased stiength, elasticity of motion, firmness o.
 ex tun, capability of endurance, and improve
 it altii, that the treatment in this Institution isfound
 d on the natural taws of organised matter, am
 omtequently it* *uperiority over every other dd-1
 ereut ryslem of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAff
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 minediaie attention. If requested, reference wifi
 •ie made to those wlio liave been helped iu this lusti
 tuliou and also good references as to responsibiliu
 •rtlie proprietor to meet the above excuses if/
 required.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg,
 r'HIS entirely uew, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicablc limb, wtoeli lus received die lugbesi
 iwaids ami mull hearty testimonials of all me
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons 01
 mspiuls iu tin* country, in addition to Uiuse who
 mve used the liuib, ns being in every re*|&gt;ect supe
 rior to any limb ever beluie luveuted in hurupe or
 VuMti ica, it now manufactured in Hjirmtfield, Mom.,
 Mea*r». iuaiß, i drhur a Huumoh.
 They warrant entire tatujactwn.
 aarxKKKcaa.
 Dra. Hamilton ami SrHAQUi, of Buffalo.
 Di. Gah s u ft, Batavia.
 Lira. Wkbstsk and Moore, Rochester.
 I&gt;r. Fottlh, Gorlinm, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Syracuse sepl 4-6ni
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 i 1 HE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 iironic ditease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 ttiiol, Mass.
 ilia house was opened for the reception of patient/
 a»i season, and it is believed oflera excellent tacili
 ies for a philosophic and thorough course iu hydro
 aihy. The supply ol water is abundaul, and in
 uritx has beeu pronounced equal to water on a
 istilled.” Ihe location is quite eligible, being bui
 short distance from the V. M. railroad. The
 icinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and iuir
 liarmmg giuunds for walks and rambles, do that
 With the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, ano
 xeicise, patients cau scarcely tail to obtain the
 lealthlul results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 if., wile of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 ibout thirty-live years, was brought to me last
 iugust. Her case presented the follow ing pheno
 mena. if placed iu an erect position, and left uu
 ■upportsil, she forthwith tell backward to tlie
 'round. If being well supported, she made an
 •ffort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 lespite her efforts to the contrary, would cross tlie
 itiier. Si he had been in this condition uearlv a
 ear. Her neatment commenced die ltith ol dept.,
 ..id was continued to the 25th Oct. only, wbeu she
 Hi, so far recovered as to be aide to walk hall a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, ghel
 continued lier budts, with corresponding mi
 rovemem to her health, dhe now atteuds to hei
 louiestic duties, and wuli die assisuoce of a small
 ,irl, does tlie work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 aie pun of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 •all a dozen towels marked, with old linen lot
 •a adages.
 Terms, from five to tea dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of die patients.
 hose who are less particular iu die selectiou ol
 oou'g, or are willing to occupy them iu common
 vitb others, will be charged less.
 Auiol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 JJ dace Association, and for sale at No. 81, Nord
 r'itdi-sireci, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Uingtiams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 mure; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 .leadied and uublcacueo, of various qualities aim
 •vidth; thin Muslin lor linings, brown and color*!;
 Jird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Aitton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ey
 Calico, Stockings, Knitting Comm,
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information
 be addressed to J. Miller MeKim, 81, Nurd
 •ilth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Teuth-street; or h
 vines Mott, No. 85, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 «i hand. iu! —tf
Colored Sailors’ Hone,
 830, Pmrl Strmt Now York.
 17RIEN»W of -s. -*m-e, and strangers on a visit
 r to .&gt;ew Yura, can now be acoummodated wid,
 s good Board, and at as low a priflfM in any vthe.
 vuw hi the City. The house j7kr*e and own
 mnieot; will bold Oomfortably seventy persons
 f*** 1 m P r,T l reeme, end eve. y atteu
 den paid.to thaw •ootietu W«. f, POWELL
 IH|f *1
HftlstH’s Eclectic Me4icml lastltite,
 &gt;b4 Water-Care EitaMlshaeat.
 THIS Institution hM bean ia successful operation
 during fourteen jeer*, for tlte cure of ell Chronic
 Disease*, end auch as ceenot be reatoved by nedi
 cine atone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tienta Imre been restored to health and usefulness
 hy the treat men t pursued at thia Institution, who
 coukl not find r- lief by any other course of medi
 ciee. Hundreda who lied been coufined to their
 heda for years, and who were almost in dtsi&gt;air,
 here li»d renewed hope and courage when they nave
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements an them* leas, hare beee cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 ...T. I who are laboring under CHRONIC. NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVA I URES,
 Ac., which produce symptom# 01 almost all other
 diseases, with their accoinpatiimenu as D\ S
 pepsia.rheuma i ism,Neuralgia, cos-
 TIVENEB*. LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, lOVV SPIRITS, PAR-
 I I t L INS.t Nil Y, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their phvsiciana understand,
 amt which medicine alone will not cure—to auch
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreda just
 nke you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely se!ely upon it, or upon medicines as
 iliey are generally understood and applied; Init a
 COMBINED TR ti l UEST with Electricity,
 auda new mpde of application which truly ia magi
 cal in its efficacy, ami is always sure to cure, in one
 nail the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successlul, which is uoi
 die case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the wuiub,) Leucorihea, [whites] suppressed ami
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident t
 that period known as the turn ol life’—involuntary
 discharge of jrioe and injuries from Childbrariug,
 which are more frequent limn Physicians are w idiug
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 I etnales frequently suffer for years from the discsves
 incident to tlieir sex, and linger out a nfe of belp
 leaai esa and pain, when a few weeks' or at most a
 tew aiontiis’ireauueut, would remove tlieir difficulties
 ami resioie them to their families, with health to
 lalair, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 nippiness ol others. This has never failed to I*
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 lowever weak and helpless the paiie.,i may huve
 een on entering it. Many have coiue hundreds ol
 mikes on berls, in easy cliaus, by boat, by carnage
 .iud railroad, who hud not walked for years. These
 iadi&lt; s have walked miles daily befoie leaving the
 Institution.
 N'ucA is our knowledge and conjidtnce in this unpar
 iltUtd treatment for all long Handing or Chrome di*
 roses, of whatever kind or nature, that w will offer th&gt;
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 Wt will enter into a special written agreement wit)
 tuch at desire it, who enter the Institution, /allow thi
 rulee and regulation*, and go through the syste m cij
 treatment, to pay their travelling expense* to and Jron
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, am
 give them our professional services, free of charge, ij
 they art not helped according to agreement. Thu it n
 hoped will put a stop to cries of eiupyricuui fiuu
 those interested in keeping patients under theirowi
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn on
 ny disease, who have spent much of tlieir sulistano
 Hi procuring medicine, and seeking relief, witliou
 dialing it; that here they will not *|&gt;eml then moian
 without bene hi, ami dint no lalse stateuieuts or mi’
 positions will be piaciictd upon them.
 The modus operandi oj curing Female difficulties ti
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution
 The mod helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 hned Jot years, art relieved immediately, and ij not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go ut
 a.d down stair* in 4H hours after commencing treatment
 wuhovt fear or trouble in regard to their oKlu l is a L di/
 hculty. To produce this almost instantaneous reliej
 the patient is subject id to no pain or inconvenience, am
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If ani
 one doubts let them select the most trying and dip
 cult case they can Jind, and tut our veracity and siull
 Our 1 e RMS or* easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about oui
 ■ysteni ol treatment for Loro dis. a*es or any otlin
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we wil
 •emi them an account of the Institution—Certificate:
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free o
 chaige —together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P• S.—Our room is mu.ceil, therefore wa wan
 none to apply that can lie cui ad at liome. pridi
 ourselves hi curing what others are not foitunati
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toll alstei
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., pos
 paid.
 References.—Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, ant
 Rev. G. W. .Montgomeiy, Rochester, N. Y.
 I Oll.\ D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Salooi
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recited. Gsueral reduclioj
 lu price*.
 Kme 4-4 Prints various style*.
 iVew styles ol Prints of meuimq quality, usual width
 tine and wide Paper Muslins. Alsu Cokrm
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chint* Umbrella.
 Oil Clotiis.
 Satinets, food and cheap. Also on hand, mostly t»
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities tun
 styles.
 tine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Maiinu.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.
 Muaiiu de Caine, plain and uaatly figured, ail wool
 Linens, warranted ires I rum cotton,
 t'tanueis 4-4 good and pries lew. Canton flannels
 whits anu colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.^
 Arena anu Furniture Check. Cotton handkerchiefs
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Studs. Also Lins.
 Drilling Ac.
 Loug anu half Hose, fine and heavy,
 humutig Couon, various No*., bleached, brown,and
 cokxeU*
 addins white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Ketmed Lout Crushed and Pulverised Sugar.
 Urowu Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 i he whole stock exclusively Free Laiair Goods,
 to which tiie Subscriber wouiu invite the attention
 ol country merchants as well as his friends and tile
 public geueraliy.
 Mudi pains u taken by the Managers of tlw Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to *n
 large the assortment Irom tune to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 JVorthwesi corner Fifth and Cberry-st*
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, Is4B. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sal* at the office of
 ol the Anti &gt;k&gt;ery Standard—
 'l lie Legion ot Liberty and Force of Truth 10th
 edition.
 This work contain* about 230 page* of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37&amp; cts. in muslin,
 and 20 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal o&gt;
 Women from various authors, 12| cents.
 Letter to die People of (he L nited States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| oents.
 V\ m. W. Brown's Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhnrsl, Boston—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on band. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and used,
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the offict
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 las consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Di&gt;#o-rs; with an account ol the system while in
 health, a»d rules for preserving that stale. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making Various medi
 cine* and at tides for diet for the .id room. The
 whofo vrUIM ‘or genera! use and daily practice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this hook, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOR, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doe**, use, nut* o» gathering,
 atm many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to PufruUr Afsd
 cal and will foraieh on that point aji the
 nesired information wanted for general us*."
 The two books are put uu and bound together and
 contain 300 peg**, price 30 oents,or sold separate
 Ml2l cents.
 The symptom* of each disease are carefully given
 so teat one may be raeognised horn another, to nr*
 practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, sad such
 USSSStUS!
The book ha* been written with greet cere, In
 plain, simple, common-cam* «)W eatily to b* ue
 ilerstood efery per*...., awl hr* Poetical pl-yri
 cinu h*.l a ilK.nw.gl. btdaniw. e c»n recommend
 it with entiie cwwdfwt, n* lieinf i work euperior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 published at the price. _
 Families in the country, and eafScinttv those Irv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy elimntes, should
 not fail toprocute a copy and have it at all time* at
 hand, in rase of sickness as they might theteby by
 some simple remc.lv save an c!iprn*i»e and p.otrnc
 tel doctor* bill. lietlier wall or tick, such als ok
 should he in every hoi.se a* a safe and ware adviser
 m time of need, the direction given for persona in
 Iwaltl. cat.not be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the look is sold ia so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
 Tim look ia put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 aa.t of the United States.
 Any person sending us sac dollar bt mail, and
 pud paying postage on the letter, shall' have four
 copies sent him /rn of pottage.
 Sena in your orders*, there it no risk in sending
 money by until, it comes to us daily, and the book*
 always reach th'ir destination.
 W* Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four hook* sent to one ad. res*.
 WANTED—Agent* ill most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every fam.K will purchase it il
 carried to their doors. A small CMpftal i/ftiw £2O
 to £6O will he necessary for each agent. Addiess,
 w*P«d. GEO. W.TISIJER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange**!, Rochester, N. Y.
W .I L V
 (t, W, MERCHANT'S
 l' L E HJ{ A 1 *K fi
 GARGLING OIL. I
 i 1 OK HQR«KS a. Hi;&gt;lVN H [&gt;H.J
 —4
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OP
 MEDICINE
 At THE MOST
 Remarkable Externa) Application
 E?er Discovered I
 that this
 UNI VERSA L REMEDY ha* t its *|m|
 on the lint of popular medicine*, having been belore
 the public for more ilian fourteen years. Teetimo
 ny of the most di.« interested character f it* wwc
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almoat daily
 preaented to the proprietor. It i* w. ithy of jpe
 rial lemaik, that betide the great aodextraordinary
 power* in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which it* vhtues firat attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it hat been successfully employed
 in a great rariety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE Hi MAN RACE,
 Ignorance of facta and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy c«i» possess within
 itself the virtue ol curing many diseases. Expei l
 cnceof more titan fourteen tears h»* nevertheless
 i established the fact, that Merchant's Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal f amity Embiocatioo,
 will cure roost vaser and relieve such as the follow
 inf, among mauy othen in the cute ol which this
 Oil has lieen completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended retned.es have completely {ailed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 lection*. Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Cotas,
 Bods, \i hitlows, Astiima, Bruises, burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, f-uinn.s,
 Ulcers from lot al causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions ol the nu*.
 clea, Wounds, .dwellings, lie.
 Also a host ol disease*
 in Horses and otlwr
 animals ptuch aa
 SPA VINS t
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE.
 Windgnll, Poll Fell,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of eh kin..*,
 Fresh Wound*, bruises,
 JPisiula, Sitta*t, Strains, Lameness,
 1 Send Ciacks, Foundered Ft el, Scratches
 1 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, ft.,
 .Numerous ate the unsolicited statemMiu of pa
 Bents themselves,end othen who have uecu tlie Oil,
 of cures which in th&lt; niseivee appear so remaikable
 that were they at all intereeted in apecunieiy point,
 tliey coulo hardly have been credited.
 1 he Dr. Farket also writes aa follows:
 Dear Sii: 1 lutve prescribed your Gargl ng Oil in
 various cases ol
 PRACTICAL SURGERY t
 as a liniment, with maiked success, and wonldcom
 niend it to physicians generally fo, external use ie
 all contUMous, tumors. sprain*, white swell ms*,
 and in all ibeumatic aflacnons, whete external
 means are necessary. As a diecutient, it is Imtm
 ess whete the lehrile symptoms have been reduced
 by genera! treatment. In such cases, it i» the most
 elhcient remedy within the circle of metns now in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at forge
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general lever in all the ahrre diseases, to be used
 fteely, and to counteract intlamiuaiivn in a remark*
 I able manner. In bruised wound* it patents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness m hot wt ether.
 F rom tlie peculiar nature of ibie Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 'potirPl*'*’ STAGE PRO-
 I FIE 1 UK, it is but justice to say, that of the
 greet number of medicines which have been ottered
 notie have been s&gt; well adapted to the prompt cure
 ol Die. eses to which ilorsee aie liable; it has been
 very Justly caiieu a C omplete Fonacea for the Horae
 For instance, reed the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that 1 have bad for many year* the
 c-re oi from one hunureii to two hundred horses
 and lieve mode use *f Merchant’s Geiglina Oil for
 two years past, and cansalely ««y, that foT all die
 diseases that hoiaesaic liable to, I never saw it*
 equal. I use about one bottle per montli, and re
 commend it to the public as the best medicine for
 boises now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders ado rested to the proprietor will bt
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, end see what won
 ders are accomplished by ibe use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally ia the Ini
 ted SL.les and Canada. 7
 A l*o by Post A W illis, Wm. Pitaix, L. B
 Swax, Wixslow It Yocxe, H. D. %\a vs
 Koci tester.
 FI It fc Gaylord, Henderson It Pander son, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding It bon, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 le*ael, Cincinnati, O.; McClure ft. Cu, Alhonyt
 Hollisier ft Co, Buflalo; Grecnniau Jt smith, Lti
 ca;FD Orris Co, Troy, NY. July
 trlihh Periodical Literature.
 The London Quarterly Renew, the Edinburgh Review
 The North Bntieh Renew, the W tetrameter Renew,
 and Bltukwood'r Edinburgh Magzxmt.
 IHE widespread tame ol these splendid period
 cals reiser* it neeukss to say muci. in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand tar iu advance ol
 anyt..mg ol Uic sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is maiked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party charactci.
 They embrace the views of the three great
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical, blark
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and tlie Westmin
 ster Review Kadiral. The North British Re
 view is more of a leligious character, having l«en
 originally edited by Di. L hairnets, and uow, since
 bis death, being conducted by his son-in law, Dr,
 Hanna, associated with S.r David Lrewrter. Its
 liter&amp;n cjiaiacter is of the very highest order. The
 V\ estmmster, though reprinted uu. ei ttftt title only,
 is published in F.uglanu uudei tlie title of I he F r
 sign Quarterly and W etuium-tei —it liemg in fact a
 muon of tlie two Reviews formerly repuhhsbed and
 reprinted Under separate titles, it has, ihrrefoie,
 the advantage l&gt;y this combination of uniting in one
 woik the best features of both as heretoloie issued,
 1 be above Periodicals ate reprinted iu New V ork,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful rleui type, on tine white papei, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’e
 Magazine, being aa exaciJae-nmUt ol the Edinburgh
 edition.
 rrices ro» 1849, (ir scbecrihopok early.)
 For say one of the fonr Reviews, Bt 00 per an Mas,
 For any two do 10Q
 For any three do 700
 For ell four of the Reviews, 8 09
 For B fork wood’s Magazine, 8 00 ss
 For Blackwood end the 8 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood It the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 PaymarU* to bemads* oßceM* ,n wdonnee
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or ell the above works will
 lent to one address on payment of the regular sun
 »ci ipuon for three— the fourth copy being gratis,
 early copies.
 British publishers
 nmek woods Magazine sea ires to aa early shea ts
 l»*t work, by which we shall fan able to pines th
 sntire number in the hands of subscribers Udoce an*
 jortion of it can he reprinted in any of the A met knw
 luurnals. For this end Other advantages socuied in
 jut subscritiers we pay so forge Mxmsidei ation, tintt
 oompelfod to raise the price of the Mage
 uaa- Thai afore we repent “svUcribe early while
 die price ie low.
 Keuionneee end nmmeiea firms ehonkl always
 he address id, post-paid or franked, to the rii’ithtr
 Leonard scoi t 4 I*. 1
 »tm*. Ntw y«h,
"
