"•attained, to a committee. I am again*
 making this proclamation. Ido not belien
 the Republic it in danger to-day. I believt
 there has been aome danger. But that dan.
 ger has passed by; and to be providing a
 remedy now, would be the providing of a
 remedy for what has past. I do not hold
 that the country is in danger now, and I do
 not think that we ought to undertake to alarm
 the country by the solemn form of setting
 thirteen physicians to consult over the critical
 and dying condition of the Stale, and to
 come in with a nostrum to save her. W hy,
 air, it will be a very ludicrous thing if this
 committee shall come in with our old nos
 trum. If they should come in with a scheme
 to join all these bills together, it will put us
 in a ludicrous position, and one in which we
 ought not to be placed. If gentlemen wish
 to unite other measures with California, lei
 them take up the California bill, and then
 offei those propositions, and the opinion of
 the Senate can be taken upon them, as the
 Senator from Kentucky intimated some days
 ago, when I complimented him upon proceed
 ing in such a manly and parliamentary man
 ner. That is the right way to do. Now,
 sir, ibis thing which is called an amendment,
 but which is nothing but a -declaramn, an
 independent resolve—such a one as would b«
 perfectly proper to be adopted in a cause, but
 which cannot be adopted in the Senate—this
 independent resolve, that we will give no in
 structions of any kind whatsoever to guide
 the committee, why, sir,'although the Senate
 may vote it, they cannot prevent us ftom un
 dertaking to give instructions to guide the
 committee; and, although in point ol fact no
 one of us may be able to suggest an instruc
 tion that could guide this great committee,
 yet, in the parliamentary sense we can—un
 der the parliamentary law, we have a tight
 to offer instructions to guide the committee.
 And who is it, Mi. President, that makes
 this motion that the committee shall not bs
 guided 1 I hope no one of the thirteen whe
 •re to be on that committee undertakes to
 maintain this resolution; for, sir, although ii
 may be true, true as gospel that they are su
 perior to the rest of the Senate, and that we
 cannot guide them at all, yet they should not
 tell us so. It is we who should disqualify
 ourselves, and no one of that thirteen, in my
 opinion, should vote. Delicacy, reserve,
 decorum, should make them Btand off, and
 refuse to vote for a resolution which would
 stultify all the other members of the body.
 They should leave it to ourselves to sluitily
 ourselves.
 I have taken up more time than I intended
 on this preliminary point. I consider whol
 ly nugatory, that, after whal is called an am
 endment but is nothing but a tesolve to gov
 ern the action of the Senate shall be voted
 upon and adopted—as it may be, though I
 think, if the thirteen gentlemen who are to
 compose the committee will abstain from vot
 ing, it will not be adopted; and really, deli
 cacy, 1 think, should forbid them to vote —af-
 ter all that is done, I say it is nugatory; for
 we shall undertake to exercise our parlimen
 tary right of offering instructions, and we
 think that some of us have been here just
 about long enough to know how to do it, and
 to get a vote upon every instruction, in some
 form or other, that lies upon the table, and
 upon every ina ruction that ntay hereafter be
 offered.

 Mr. Clay. I am very sorry Mr. President, 1
 for this unneessary consumption of the time
 of the Senate; but their are two or three re
 marks which the honorable Senator from
 Mistouii has made, which seem to require
 aome notice. The honorable Senator has
 spoken of a caucus, and intimated that there
 hsajbeen one. On w hat authority does the Set
 ator make such an assertion! I now pronounce
 it a mistake—an absolute and entire mistake.
 There has been no caucus, that I know of
 although, God knows, 1 would attend a cau
 cus of any and everybody, to settle this most
 unhappy question, which is now distracting
 the country; and I would attend it without
 any feeling of reproach, from whatever quar
 ter it might be ventured to be hurled. The
 honorable Senator speaks of his rights. -Yea,
 •tr; and other Senators have their rights also;
 and other Senators are just as well ptepared
 as the Senator from Missouri is, to assert their
 rights. And the Senate has its tights. Now,
 sir, i put it to the Senate and the country,
 what has been the progress of this matter?
 The Senator from Missouri proposes an am
 endment embtacing our pmpoaitions, and, as
 s sort of menace, 1 suppose, he shells out
 eight or ten others, and speaks of his hav
 ing others yet in reserve. Well, rny dear sir
 —Mr. President, I mean —has not this
 a right to protect itself? Has not the majority
 of tins Senate a right to say whether they
 will or will not create a committee without.aoy
 instructions? The resolution will be adopted.
 The Senator offers his set of amendments
 for the purpose I will not say, because I have
 no right to go into the intention of the Sen
 ator —but the effect of them would be delay,
 procrastination, embarrassment; and that ef
 fect it attempted, or will be attempted to be
 pronounced against these distinct and em
 phatic expressions of the opinion ot the major
 ity of this body. The question, then, comes
 to this—whether the Senate shall or shall not
 have the power—l speak always of the ma
 jority of the Senate —to act? 1 say, sir. it
 ought to have it; and I care not by what
 name you call it. The previous question!—
 ah, sir, not many years will elapse before you
 will find the indispensable necessity of P‘is
 valuable mode of(terminating a useless and
 nni.ecessary debate in this house. In my re
 flections upon the past, in respect to my par
 hmentary career—my congressional career—
 -1 look back to none with more satisfaction
 than the introduction of that previous question
 in the other wing of this building. But, sir,
 it seems that all at once there has been some
 extraordinary violation of the rights of the
 Senator; and w hat is it T That we create a
 committee witijou tgiving that committee anv
 inflections—a thing which happens every
 day, and sometimes two or three limes a day
 of the session, either in this honse or in the
 other.
 Now, sir, is it not known that if you Tefei
 a subjdkt to a committee, you must, to some
 extent, confide in that committee; un;
 trammelled, unshackled, to the exercise of its
 best judgment? for at lau.twhen it does any
 thing, it is reported back to you, subject to
 your decision, to your power, to your control.
 Sir, what was dene with the committee pro
 posed in the caee of the very State which the
 Senator represents, appointed in the other
 Hojse in the year l#22 T Were any instruct
 ions given to that committee? Not one. Was
 any embarrassing, mode of procrastination
 attempted on that occasion? And after
 wards, in relation to the constitution of the
 committee, that happened which had never
 happened before, and which, perhaps, will
 not happen again for many years. When 1
 proposed in the Houaesof Representatives
 the constitution of a joint committee to con
 sist of twenty-three on the part of the House,
 and s suitable number on the part of the Sen
 ate, to consider the question of California
 of Missouri, I mean. Why, sir, it is not at
 all extraordinary that I speak of California;
 for if we listen to the honorable Senator on the
 other side of the house, their are no United
 Slates—California has absorbed everything.
 [Laughter.] When 1 proposed a joint commit
 tee of twenty-three on the part of the House,
 and a suitable number on the p *rt of the Sen
 ate, was there any motion in 4: other body to
 instruct, to manacle, to chain down that com
 mittee? No, sir, they were left free as sir,
 to explore through the whole region of patri
 otic intellect for the purpose of devising a
 mode by which that unhappy question should
 b« settled. Sir, *bat i* proposed? The hon
 orabte Senator has several times talked and
 presented, in his wtuy and humorous manner,
 the figure of a horse borne dowo by a griev
 ous weight cast upon its back. Why, air,
 the Senator kaowa perfectly well that the
 whole amount of whatis intended by anybody,
 is to connect and combine together the gover
 nment of territories acquired in common, and
 (9 establish for these territories a
form of government adapted to their respec
 tive situations.
 And, sir, what is the condition of the ease!
 Let us look at the facts. There is a certain
 portion of this body that is for California. Give
 u California, California, and nothing bnt
 California. There is another portion of this
 body and of Congreaa that says, we sre will
 ing to give you California, but we want some
 thing more than California;we want to esta
 blish governments for a people thrown by the
 vicissitude of war and of political events under
 our care. And to my utter surprise, I have
 heard Senators upon this floor express the.op
 inion that we should leave all New Mexieo
 and all Utah—New Mexico with a population
 of 100,000, and a military—yes, I have heard
 Whigs express the opinion that we should
 leave the military government which is in op
 eration in New Mexico to continue; Whigs
 who denounced the existence of the milittry
 government established under the authority of
 the late Administration during a season of
 war; and yet now, in a state of profound
 peace, it is proposed to pass Cslilornia, and
 leave New Mexico and Utah to take care of
 themselves. Sir, it is contrary to every ob
 ligation of duty resulting from the treaty,
 resulting from the constitution, resulting
 from the position and character which we
 hold as American statesmen and legislators;
 and as soon as leave New Mexico and Utah
 without government —of all others the por
 tions of that country the most in want of
 governments —I would, as a father, as lief
 turn out tny son at the age af fifteen into the
 streets of a corrupt city, &lt;and say to him,
 “Go, my boy, take care of yourself until you
 are twenty-one, and then come back to me,
 and I will tell you what honorable vocation
 in life to select.” Sir, it is our duty, our
 bounden, our solemn duty, to make at least
 an attempt to establish governments for Utah
 and New Mexico, and if we cannot do it after
 making the effort, we shall stand reproachless
 for not having done it. If we cannot do ii, it
 will be the tesult of difference of opinion un
 fortunately existing amongst us, which will
 prevent its being done. Ths error of thoes
 Senators who talk of leaving Utah and New
 Mexico to their fate, is exactly this: they
 begin where they ought to end. Begin to
 discharge your duty; try to make governments
 for these territories, and if you fail to do it,
 you will stand unrepruached in the eyes of
 God and man in having made the effort to
 discharge your duty.
 1 have said Ihat one portion of Congress
 wants California, and nothing but California;
 another portion, whilst for bringing in Cali
 fornia, says, let us settle this distracting
 question; let us establish territorial govern
 ments without the proviso, and connect them
 with California. And why shonld not we do
 it? I have heard the “dignity of California”
 alluded to, as if all the gold and dignity of the
 nation had sought refuge and sought an as
 ylum on the shores of the Pacific. I have
 been utterly unable to comprehend this dero
 fation irom the dignity of California. Sir,
 go for both measures; both ought to be car
 ried; both, in iqv opinion, ought to be assoc
 iated together; and 1 do not see the slightest
 evidence of disrespect to California or to any
 body else in doing it.
 Sir, I tramed rhis lesolution deliberately,
 and 1 framed it for the purpose of getting rid
 the unnecessary instructions which the Sen
 of ator from Missouri has proposed and to dis
 pose of any other instructions which his in
 genuity—and no man possesses greater am
 ount of it than he does—might suggest to be
 brought before this body. Let my amend
 ment lie adopted, and let the Senator offer
 his other instructions, from one to uinly-nine,
 if lie pleaces and we will see whether the
 question of order will not silence them all.
 Mr. Mr. President, the State ol
 California is not here, and unless somebody
 stands up for her, it seems likely that she will
 go to the wall; for she not only gets hard
 knocks, but she gets also what is called
 thumps. She is spoken of to-day as absorb
 ing the whole United Slates. So far as 1
 see, she only wants to get in among the
 United States—to be one of the thirty-one,
 and to be the last of the thirty-one. That
 is all I can see in her wants. But the Sen
 ator from Kentucky not only presents Cali
 fornia in this aspect, but he presented her
 some days ago in an attitude which 1 did not
 then remark upon, and which 1 should not do
 now, but lor the manner in which he has
 brought her up to-day. It was said by the
 Senator from Kentucky lhe oilier day that
 California had made a runaway match, and
 now turned up her nose at her unmarried
 sisters. Welt, sir, if she did make a runa
 way match, she did not marry a runaway
 negro; and if her unmarried sistera should
 marry ipto that family, it may be that, when
 they come about her and into her company,
 she may noi only turn up her nose, but Biiub
 their noses. California has made a constitu
 tion for herself, and in that Constitution she
 has left out slavery in every form, and ihe
 proposition now to unite her with the fugftive
 slave bill
 Mr. Clay. Will the Senator allow me to
 say that there is no such proposition?
 M. Benton. The Senator form Kentucky,
 it is due to him to say, has in his speeches
 disclaimed it; but the Senator from Kentucky,
 eminent as he is, and leading as he ia, is not
 the record. The motion is to refer two sots
 of resolutions. One is the honorable Sena
 tor’s own set of resolutions, and the other
 that of the Senator from Tennosaee, [Mr.
 Bell,] and those two sets of resolutions do
 include the subject of runaway negroes, and
 the oiigina' motion now pending wilt cairy
 with it all these subjects. Here is a pro
 position, then, to unite California with a sub
 ject of w hich she has washed tier hands, and
 which has already delayed iher, is now de
 laying, must continue to delay her, and may
 m the end lead to her rejection. She will
 have nothing to do with the slavery question.
 There is nothing in her constitution about
 slavery, because she did not wish to have it
 impede her admission into the Union; but if
 the territorial measures are to be. added, and,
 those measures are to have the question on
 slavery mixed up with them, then we shall
 have a question brought up by which the
 whole admission of California, after being de
 layed for such a length of lime, may be lost
 in disagreement between the two Houses.
 Sir, I cannot be driven off the tiack by hear
 ing it urged that there is nothing in this pro
 ceeding injurious or derogatory to California,
 in my opinion it is both injurious and dero
 gatory: injurious already in the delay it has
 created, dangerous in the conjunction which it
 may make of questions which may result in a
 disagreement between the two Houses, and
 by which she may be lost. We all remem
 ber the Oregon bill, and the contest between
 the two Houses on that bill.
 The honorable Senator from Kentucky says
 that it may become necessary toinuoduce the
 previous question here. Whenever the Senate
 by resolve shall introduce the previous ques
 tn?n here, though I shall struggle against ths
 adoption of it, as 1 have done heretofore, fo
 the utmost—for I go for full debate in this
 chamber—yet, whenever the Senate adopts
 the previous question, 1 shah submit to it;
 but until the Senate adopts it, 1 will resist its
 unauthorized and disguised execution upon
 this body. Sir, we now have it admitted
 that here is the previous question, in a differ
 ent form from that which is known to the
 pailimentary law; that here is ths previous
 question, intended to cut off all amendments;
 everything in the world which the previous
 question contains, except the form and ex
 cept the rule of the house which leads to it.
 It is now a bastard rule, surreptitiously in
 troduced and attempted to be forced upon ua
 by a declaration that the Senate will not pass
 upon any amendment. It is the previous
 question, sir. and :t is moat revolting, and if it
 were anybody else then the eminent Senator
 from Kentucky who had proponed it, 1 should
 •av that it was a most uuparlimentary motion.
 But, Mr. President, this committed ia to
 go out for compromise. Now, what is a
 compromise, and how long are such things
 kept 1 What was the validity of toe compro
 miae made between the Senator from Ken
tucky and myself—how long was it inviolable*
 I offered a aet of resolutions which I deemed
 good ones; the Senator from Kentucky got
 up and moved to have them amended by
 stituting another aet. I did not think nia
 equal to my own at all, but in the s P mt
 compromise, I accepted them, and did what
 a compromiaev ought to do, immediately give
 up his own. And yet, what is the state of the
 case to-day? i thought then that the Senator
 from Keutucky was going to vote for his own
 amendment; I thought he waa going to ac
 cept the compromise which he had made; and
 yet to-day, sir, lie flies from that amendment,
 he does not stand to it; he objects to the whole
 of his own amendment, which I accepted the
 other evening in a spirit so conciliatory that it
 ought to have brought us all to harmonious
 conciliation. Now, sit, we are going to have
 another compromise, a plan of compromise
 with this experience of compromising before
 our eyes. I have no great faith in compro
 mises at any time. There are compromises
 in the Constitution; they are fundamental,
 they are premanent, they are obligatory; we
 are sworn to observe them and these com
 promises I wish religiously to keep! But as
 for these, which seem to me like the compro
 mises of lovers, made one evening to be broke
 the next morning—as for these compromises
 which I referred to, really after this exper
 ience—this, I would say, flagrant experience
 in the face ol the Senate, between myself and
 the Senator from Kentucky—l do think tha.
 the idea of bringing a compromise into this
 body ought to be abandoned altogether.
 Mr* President, we ask the yeas and nays
 upon this motion; and if the Senator’s resolu
 tion—for I can call it nothing hut a resolution
 —for the guidance ancTconduct of the Sen
 ate shall be adopted, we shall immediately
 undertake to test it, and to see whether the
 rules in your book are not in forcr which al
 low Senators to offer instruction; and we are
 entitled to a vole upon this resolution, and
 which cannot be laid on the table without
 carrying the whole subject with it.
 The yeas and nays having been.ordered
 on the amendment of the Senator from Ken
 tucky, was carried,; so the Senate refused
 to instruct the committee.
The Anti-Slavery Bugle has the following
 classification of parties elected to the Consti
 tutional election of Ohio
 The Democrats will have a decided ma
 jority in this body. The parties will stand—
 Democrats 58, Whigs 42, Free-Soilers 8.
 The Democrats claim to be the friends of
 Equality. Now let us see if they will allow
 all the people, without distinction of sex or
 color, equal rights at the polls. If there ia
 anything more hollow or knavish than that
 Democracy which deprives Women and Ne
 groes of all voice in the making of laws to
 which they are held amenable, we confess we
 don’t know where to find it.
Congress.—The Senate was engaged
 throughout yesterday, in discussion a resolu
 tion offered by Col. Benton, instructing the
 committee of thirteen, to whom Mr. Clay's
 and Mr. Bell’s resolutions were referted, to
 report snparately upon each subject involved,
 and not unite in one bill‘two or more incon
 gruous subjects.
 Mr. Benton s motion was laid on the table.
 In the House, Mr. Richardson’s resolution
 to appoint a committee to inqnire inis and
 repent on certain claims that have been allow
 ed by the present Cabinet, notwithstanding
 their rejection by preceding Administrations,
 formed the principal topic of disscussion,
 and was eventually adopted.
 Mr. Allen, of Maine, was confirmed as
 Consul to the Sandwich Islands.
 Mr. Kinney, ot the Portland Daily Adver
 tiser, as Charge to Sardinia, and Mr. Hude
 bert as Consul to Lyons.
 No action will be taken on the nominations
 of Lawrence, Maxwell, and Lewis, until the
 return of the committee who are attending
 the remains of the late Mr. Calhoun to South
 Carolina.— Telegraph to the Rochester Demo
 crat, April 23.
Allegheny Institute—This institution,
 situated opposite Pittsburgh, founded by the
 munificence of Rev. Charles Avery, and
 designed to afford to colored youth, of both
 sexes, the opportunity of acquiring ony or all
 the branches of both an English and Colle
 giate education, will be opened on Monday
 next, A large and commodious building, de
 signed for its use, is just completed. The
 Institute is by its charier a College, invested
 wiih the power of conferring degrees, and
 .will go into operation as such whenever stu
 dents shall be furnished. The first term of
 the academic department will continue 15
 weeks, after which the regular terms will
 commence as follows: The first on the sec
 ond Monday in September, the second on the
 first Monday in January, and the third on the
 first Monday in May’ Tuition, for the ele
 mentary branches, $3 per term; for the higli
 ei English branches, $4; for the Classics,
 &amp;c., $4 —in advance. The Institute is not
 under the control of any one religious denom-j
 ination, though the instructors are required;
 by the charter to be professors ol Chfistianity.
 Whether white scholars are to he admitted
 or excluded, the circular of the Institute does
 not inform us. The exclusive principle, if it
 prevails, will be great bar to the usefulness
 of the institution.—Now that so many of our
 Colleges are open to colored students, they
 will not be likely to resort to an institution
 whose benefits are proffered to them upon the
 condition that they shall recognize themselves
 as belonging to a distinct caste.
A Kidnapaer Defeated—On Wednes
 day evening of last week, a white man and a
 colored girl stopped for the night at the
 American House in this village. The con
 duct and conversation, of the man, led to the
 suspicion that he waa deceiving the girl, with
 the intention of carrying her off to Virginia
 and selling her as a slave. The girl, on
 being questioned, said that she’formerly lived
 with a gentleman in Columbiana, 10 miles
 East of Salem, and had been at Olierlin at
 School. The man was a citizen of the latter
 place, named Taylor, who, being under the
 necessity of going to Columbus for his wife,
 had agreed, for a consideration, to come this
 way for the purpose of conveying the girl to
 her old home. According lo the girl’s story
 he had offered her the grossest insults on
 their way to this place, and her statements
 were confirmed by his indecent behavior to
 ward her while here. Some of the colored
 people becoming acquainted with the circum
 stances, interposed to save her from his brut
 ality, and perhaps from being kidnapped and
 sold as a slave. The name of the girl is
 Caroline White; and we will thank any
 friend at Oberlin who will give us such infor
 mation as will serve to thiow light upon the
 character and plans of Taylor. If he is a
 kidnapper, the people of that place ought to
 know it. We know enough already to pro
 nounce him an unfit companion for any res
 pectable woman.— Anti- Slavery Bugle.
Emily the beautiful slave girl,
 for whom Bruin it Hill, the slave traders,
 demanded $l,BOO, as the only condition on
 which they would restore her to her mother,
 is dead. So says a letter from Mi. Hill, da
 ted Griffin, Gs., March 28. The letter says
 that she died of scarlet sore throat, but does
 not say where or when she died. Hilt pro
 tosts that he had determined not to sell
 Emily at the South, but to bring her back to
 Alexandria and let her mother have her.
 ID* Edmund Quincy, in. the Anti-slavery
 Standard, says of Mr. Webster—“lf Massa
 chusetts sub nit m patience to this insult to
 herself, she is self-stultified indeed, and the
 signal example# she made of Mason of Boston
 and Shaw of Lanesboro’, in 1820 will be blot
 ted on; in her submission to her more dam
 ning ignominy of 1850. For surely the acts
 of those men are white as wool when contras
 ted with the scarlet infamy of Daniel Web
 ster."
To the Friewis of Freed#* the
 Frees.
 The ladies of New York, in view of tbe
 grea benefits resulting from the possession
 of so organ devoted to the cause of freedom
 and the elevation of there oppressed rice;
 and being well assured that the “North Star”
 is an instrument in that cause, which from
 the zeal devotedness and intelligence of its
 Editor is calculated to effect in a great mea
 sure the object for which it labors—vi*., th
 emancipation and elevation of the colored
 people, and is therefore worthy of the pat
 ronage of every American ciliaen, particular
 ly those for whom it labots; —have formed
 an Association for the purpoee of holding a
 fair during anniversary week in May next,
 to aid in sustaining said paper; that its bea
 con-light may continue to shine until every
 bondman shall behold and be cheered by its
 rays. The association will also endeavor to
 extend its circulation, hoping, that its truths
 may penetrate every corner of that den of
 oppression (the South) and cause ‘‘light to
 shine out of darkness,” that its exposure of
 the ctime and horrors of Slavery, of the tears
 and groans of the slave, may soften the hard
 hearts of their oppressors, and cause them
 “to ptoclaim liberty throughout the land unto
 all the inhabitants thereofthat the apolo
 gist ol slavery a( the North, may reeeive
 this light in union with the South, and tyian
 ny anc oppression cease forever.
 The association earnestly solicit the aid of
 every friend of freedom and the press; and
 sincerely hope that no one will lose this op
 portunity of extending their generosity in a
 noble cause. Every oerson must be convinced
 of the power of the press, ajtd should there
 fore, exert their utmost influence to sustain
 it. The question then is, will you assist in
 sustaining it? If so you have an opportunity
 of so doing by contributing to the “North
 Star Fair Association.”
 A box of valuable articles has been received
 from friends in a donation, and
 the ladies of Philadelphia have promised a
 donation of articles, also. Will not the
 friends in other sections of the
 ate these noble examples? Your co-operation
 in this work is needed and much desired.
 The Association invites the co-operation of
 friends in other cities, in this work and labor
 of love.
 Donations will be gratefully received by
 Mrs. E. Bastien, 6 Albany St; Mrs. E. Ber
 rien, 80 Wall St; Mrs. J. E. Foster, 11
 Thomas St; and Miss F. Tompkins, 180
 Church St.
 In behalf of the Association.
 EMELINE BASTIEN, Directress.
 Fanny Tompkins, Secretary.
 OFFICERS OF THE N. 8. F. ASSOCIATION.
 LMELINE BASTIEN, Directress.
 CATHARINE ROBINSON, 2nd do
 Fanny Tompkins, Secretary.
 Elizabeth Jinnings, As’st do
 Jane M. Forten Trcas.
 Committee of Arrangements.
 Rosetta Cowes, Frances Brown,
 Eliza Berrian, Catharine Gaston,
 Mary E. Ellis, Adeline Felix,
 Christiana Ellis, Mary Leggett,
 Mary Crummell, Mary Roselle,
 Serena Downing, Maria W. Steward,
 Maria M. Dsgrasse, Therese Timingham,:
 Rebecea Downing, Priscilla Black,
 Sarah Aldridge, Annette Ponteau,
 Hannah Frances, Mary Pegrin,
 Sarah Atkins.
O Slavery! thou art a Demon.—On the
 last Sabbath in February, a local preacher of
 the M. E church, named Mayhew from
 Kentucky, gave out an appomtn ent to preach
 near Antrim, Guernsey Co. Ohio, and a large
 concourse assembled to hear him:
 “Alter the sermon he deliberately walked
 from the stand to the outskirts of the congre
 gation and laid hold of a colored sister in the
 church, who had a child of her own in her
 arms and proceeded todraw a rope from his
 pocket to lie her, claiming at the same time
 that Hke waa a fugitive slave of one of his
 neighbors, and saving that he was sent after
 her, and took this plan to find her, in order
 to secure the reward of $75 offered for her.
 Upon remonstrance by some of the bystand
 ers, he played the bravado, by displaying
 sundry revolvers and bowie knives from his
 pockets, and stated that ifany one would
 dare to interfere they would feel the effects of
 them; then deliberately put her in his buggev,
 tied her, and drove off. The woman, II earn
 is a widow that has resided in the country for
 several years.”— Letter to the True Wesley
 an.
Capture of a supposed Slaver—The
 Ship Memmon, Capt. Gordon, arrived this
 morning from Canton whence she sailed on
 the 9th of February. On the 4th of March,
 oft St. Helena, Capt. G. reports having spo
 ken bark Caroline, under the command of an
 officer and crew frotj the British steamer
 Cormorant, having been taken by said steam
 er off Rio de Janeiro, under the suspicion ot
 being a slaver. The captain of the bark and
 one of the crew were on board and mould be
 tried rt St. Helena. The officer in command
 said the bark was said to have been formerly
 an American whaler, and the Captain in
 command when taken an American.
Indian Starvation and Cannibalism.—
 The Minnesota Pioneer of the 13th says: We
 have heard from the Bois Foits” Chippewa
 or Muskiegoea. who lived on the noith-east
 ■boundary of this Territory. They are in a
 starving condition so much so that many
 will be obliged, as they have sometimes been,
 to eat their feli-.ws. Their rice crop failed
 last fall, and the rabbits have, through some
 malady, disappeared from all the upper coun
 try. Among other items of news from the
 quarter, there have been sent to some of the
 Pillager and Mississippi Chippewa bands, to
 bacco, as an invi.ition to join a war party to
 collect this spring at Pembina, against the
 S'oux. The party is led by Wat-ish-ana, a
 hall breed of lied River, whose nephew, also
 a half breed, was killed two years since by
 the bioux. The party will number, it is
 said, 1.500, men, Chippewas, Creeka, and
 Assineboins.
 Mr. Wkbstkr.—A letter from Washing
 ton says that Mr. Webster recoils before the
 avalanche of i ftisure which falls upon him
 from the North, and begins already to back
 out of his stimigest positions. He has giv
 en, what by m&gt; means his speech implied, at
 the time of its delivery, an intimation that he
 should vote for the admission of California as
 Another incident, in proof of Mr.
 Webster’s fear that he has gone farther than
 the North can follow is this, that in revising
 bis speech for puWicauon in Boston, Mr. W.
 insetted a passage, speaking of the wrongs
 of the North, especially of Massachusetts,
 which was not delivered. The omission of
 such an obvious point mss very unfortunate
 bet the attempt to supply it in this indirect
 way, is scarcely lea* maunate.
 Five fires occurred in New Orleans, on the
 sth mat., which destroyed $30,000 worth of
 property. _ __
Tk« GoMta Chain and Watcb.
 The annexed correspondence sufficiently
 explains itself. On the slide of the chain is
 engraved on the side, the inscription—
 "To THE HONORABLE DaNIEL WkSSTKR.
 THE DEFENDER OF fHE CONSTITUTION AND
 the Advocate or the Union.”
 _On the other side,—•
 From G. W. EgUaion manufactured by
 Woodruff &lt;f Addison, San Francisco, Cali
 fornia, September 28, 1849.”
 New York, March 28, 1850.
 To the Honorable Daniel Webster, Washing
 ington, D. C.:
 Dear Sir,—ln behalf of our fellow-citizen,
 Mr. Geo. W. Egleston, now so California,
 we transmit to you a Golden Chain, manu
 factured under his direction, from the mineral
 products of that portion of our country, and
 which he desires to present you as a fitting
 symbol of that glorious Union, of which you
 stand pre-eminently the ablest defender.
 As sons of New England, and merchants
 of New Yew, we ask leave to unite in this
 testimony of respect, by appending to it the
 accompanying token, which we beg you to ac
 cept as an evidence of our high sense of the
 patriotism and aiblity which hare marked
 your whole public career, —and never mote
 conspicuously, than in your recent speech in
 the Senate which maintains so strikingly the
 necessity of fraternal feeeling between the
 different sections of our common country, and
 the solemn duty of adheriug faithfully to the
 provisions and the spirit of the National Con
 stitution.
 With high regard we remain youT friends,
 Charles L. Vose, George Griswold, Moses
 H. Cirinnell, Caleb Barstow, John Thomas,
 Alfred G. Benson, Joseph Hoxie, Paul Spof
 ford, Tfiomas Ttlesion, J. W. Alsop, Jr.,
 Henry Chauncey, George Warren, S. J.
 Beals, Davis, Brooks b Co.
 Washington, April 13.
 Gentlemen, —Your communication of the
 ‘2Bth of March and the Gold Chain and
 Watch accompanying it, have been safely
 delivered to me by Mr. John R. Bacon.
 Not having the pleasure of a personal ac
 quaintance with your fellow-citizen, Mr.
 Egleston, I may be allowed to regard his
 elegant and valuable present ol the Chain as
 a testimonial of his approbation of my efforts
 to uphold and perpetuate the Union of the
 states. I shall lose no time in communicat
 ing to him my sense of his kindness, and of
 signifying the value which I attach to his
 favorable opinions.
 But I have an obligation to acknowledge
 to you, also, gentlemen, for the beautilul
 Watch which you have appended to Mr.
 Egleston’s gift.
 I accept this from your hands as Sons o
 New England and Merchants of New York,
 with giateful respect. We are
 known to one another, and I cannot desire a
 measure af regard from any of you, greater
 than that which I entertain for you, each and
 all.
 The evils of life have drawn you from the
 land of our common origin to the great com
 merc'ial metropolis of the country. You are
 merchants; and under the flag of the Union
 you hav prosecuted an extensive and use
 ful intercourse with most of the civilized
 world. At last you have seen your own
 country stretch from sea to sea, and a new
 highway opened across the Continent, from
 us to our fellow-citizens on the shores of the
 Pacific. Far as they have gone, they are yet
 within the protection of toe Union, and ready,
 1 doubt not, to join us all, in its defence’and
 support. They are pursuing a new and an
 absorbing interest. While we are engaged
 in agriculture, manufactures,commerce, navi
 gation and the fisheries, they are exploring a
 region whose wealth surpasses fiction. They
 are gathering up treasure, in a manner and
 in a degree, hitherto unknown, at the feet of
 inaccessible mountains and along those
 streams,
 "Whose foam is umber, and llieir gravsl gold.”
 Over them and over us, stands the broad
 arm of the Union, and long may it stand, as
 firm as the arches of heaven, and as beauti
 ful as the bow which is set in the clouds.
 I am, gentlemen, with very true regard,
 Youa obliged friend and o’bl servant,
 DANIEL WEBSTER.
 —Boston Courier.
Removal or Free Negeoe* from Virgi
 nia.—The bill which had previously passed
 the Virginia House, appropriating
 per annum to the colonization of free negroes
 of that Stale, in Aftica, is now a law, hav
 ing passed the Senate, with an amendment
 which imposes an annual tax of $1 upon
 every male negro in the State from 21 to 60
 years of age. The fund arising from this
 source to be appropriated in like manner with
 the 30,000 unless the legislature otherwise
 prescribed. Anti-Slavery Bugle.
 Our iriend at Skaneateles will accept our
 sincere thanks for the beautiful selection she
 has m.tde for our Eoet’s Corner of this
 week’s paper. May we not hop-a for a con
 tinuance of such favors?— f. d.
Receipts
 For the North Star, for the week ending
 April 22, 1860.
 Simeon Reed
 Elizabeth Early
 William Barnard
 Hicks Halstead 3,(
 E. Durfee M
 Abram G. Wileman 2,.*
 Mary Walton 2,C
 S. H. Lewis 2,(1
 M. C. Ballou 2,0
 Eliaa de Gar mo 2,0
 J. D. •illiarde I.G
 Elizabeth Shaw 2,0
 E. C. Williams 2.0
 Joshua Coolidge 2,0
 Jacob Powell 2,0
CAUTION. DK. WI3T4R’S BALSAM OF
 WILD CHERRY.
 The only genuine and.original article was first
 introduced in the year 1838. It has beeir well tes
 ted, appreciated for ten years, in all the complaints,
 for which it has lieen recommended, viz, —Coughs,
 Colds, Influenza, Bronchitis, Asthma, and Con
 sumption in it* incipient stages. No other medi
 cine has proved more efficacious.
 Various remedies it is true, have been offered and
 Cffed into notice for the cure of diseases of the
 igs; and some have been found no doubt very use
 ful but of all that have yet been discovered, it is
 admitted by physicians, and all who have witnessed
 it* effects, that none has pro rad so successful as
 this. For Asthma, Shortness of Breath, and simi
 lar affections, it may be pronounced a possilive
 cure. It has cured Asthma in many •'tses of ten and
 twenty years standing, after phy. -ians had de
 clared the case beyond the reach of medicine.
 From the Boston Post.
 Dr. 9. W. Fowle, 138 Washington street, has
 an article entitled as above, which we believe is the
 preparation hitherto discovered for the cure of colds
 and other consumptive complaints. Having tested
 this medicine, we can speak with confidence to
 its salutary effects in removing coughs and other
 complaints, incident to this season of the year.
 Beware of the Syrups and all other prepara
 tions of Wild Cherry. Buyfriooe Urtthegenmne
 Dr. Wistar’s Balsam signed I. BUTTS od the
 W Ongfnally prepared by Williams [k. Co., Phila
 delphia now prepared and sold, wholesale and re
 tail, only by Seth W. Fowle. Boston, Mass., te
 whom all orders should be addressed, and for sale
 by hie agents.
 For sale by Post fcjWiLUS; also by Wii.
 Pit kir.
 FROM MICHIGAN.
 Niles Express Office, March 14,1848.
 |W. B. Sloan, Esq.— Dear Sir: Perceiving that
 you have a large quantity of printing to do, m the
 way of hand bilk, Ac., I bav« dwdffk*
 apply for the job of doing a ps« l 11 J cmu 0*
 work as well, and as cheap now done, and I
 will take your medfoieee W«ent- The Centra
 Rail Road will be completed to New Buffalo in th
 courae of ssonth, end they «Puld be sert to Chica
 go without difficulty and with despatch.
 Respectfully Yours,
 E. A. GR IVES.
 09»See Agents’ names at the bead of Sloan’s
 column. For further particulars and testimonials
 get Pamphlets of Agents.
2U&gt;o t x t i s r tn t n t e
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, Book-Keeper, Ac
 countant, and Confidential Letter Writer,
 would most respectfully inform his friends and the
 public in general, that he has for their accommoda
 tion, opened his office for the keeping of Books,
 casting accounts, writing etters upon business, Ac.
 Deeds, Bills, Bonds, Mortgages, the drawing of
 Bonds, articles of agreement, Constitutions, bye
 laws, reports,communications, Ac Ac., at No.l&lt;i9,
 South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, Pa.
 where by his strict attention to business he hopes
 to secure their patronage, a. d merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 a.m. to 9 r tf?
 Also Agent for the North Star, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sale of Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 The Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York— A
 History of these remarkable sounds ami of all
 the Strange Plienonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communication! Ac. Ac., —price, single,
 lfcjcta— 10 copies for 91. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from 915 to 825 requirec, and
 the agent will bo indemnified agai st loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.‘
 H«pe Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organise Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, 95.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S.S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A JOURNAL FOR EVERY HOME
 THE
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY PAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, education. Literature, Re
 form and Intelligence generally,
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources of nearly all
 crime, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined w ith discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stones,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,bit entry Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete, summary of the News
 of the Week.
 Qtf“ The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, in
 variably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Core. —ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Monde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country of
 Dr. W. as a political refugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical waiter and prac
 tituiionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishments
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectlully informs his friends and the
 public, that liw has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Ritggles’ Water-CureEstablishment at Bensonville,
 2f miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 5 from Albany,situated in one of the pleasentest
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks*'and tibundanlly sup
 plied witli the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the neces.-ary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 30 pa
 tients, se|&gt;arnte for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 Tlie Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitr at Graefenburgh, and having nn ex
 perience of more than 15 years of his ow n, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydiopath, hopes to res|&gt;ond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO THE, LADIES,
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks Mantillas and French Sacks
 selling off al astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and the public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and mo9t fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES as We feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. '1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishingly low pri
 ce s. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
Hair-Catting and Dressing at
 Z.D. A J. PATTERSON’* Saloou, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—3 m
The Old Cnrosity Shop*
 At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, gratelul for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends and the public generally, that he lias recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and tell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. .It in his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory price*.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dout forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Dental Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 offiee from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 *1 bank fnl for past fkvors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all these who are de
 sirous ofheving operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves.
 A PI.ARK.
 iN. B. Ail operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 18,1848.
 Notice*
 FRIENDS OF THE SLAVE, audstrangers on
 a visit to the City during the anniversary week,
 can be entertained vnth good hoard and private
 accommodations at 3» Peer! Street, New York,
 April l*b, 186 WILLIAM F. POWELL.
 ARRATIVE OF THE LIFE OF FREDER
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, to be
 had at this office, price 19 cents; new Edit. flhcM
SLOAS’S COLUMN.
03“ All the medicine* advertised by W.B. Sloan
 are sold by Post Willi,, Winslow A Youaf, Ro
 chester; S. Kerwhaw, Vnnk(on A S
 Co., Lewiston; T. k A. Frye, Brockport; Caleb
 Nye, Pituford; W. Will**, BuSTTLd by
 mart druggists throughout the United Htatee.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT is now tmiveruaUv ac
 knowledged to be an infalliihle remedy,
 case whem it has been faithfully applied on the ha
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wouad, r«!
 heving pni n c f every kind, and in its heating
 qualities die world does not produce its equal, amt
 irv*T ,C pro OUlK c lb* cheapest and best Fami-
 V ‘hat ha* ever been used. All diseases
 xL- F ,inate Ulcer Did Sores, CM
 hlnins, Sore Throat, Burns, Cut*, Cutaneous
 Eruption, bore Nipple,, S ore Brea.u, Discuses of
 the Eye, Ague m the foce, side, buck, sad the
 j of he *y»tem, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every knd of
 sores containing the least particle of infl.—
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40»Lake si., Chicago, HI.
DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 Mr. Sloan: —Dear Sir. Alxnit three years ago
 I was severely injured in one of niv legs by the
 tailing ot a pile of wood winch occasioned Ursa
 running ulceis. Nearly every doctor ia Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment ray other leg be
 came as bad ns the one originally wounded. I
 despaired ot ever being well again --btif. in order
 that I might neglect no means *-.tnm my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o r my surprise and
 gratitude better than I can express it, u&gt; find my
 sell entirely well before I had finished using Uie
 second box.
 These facts I make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not Ort» 7 so valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIB.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time he first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which wfcre covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he been free from
 the sore affliction until now; huffling the skill ot
 several physicians; but to our surprise bis feet are
 now perfectly smooth soft an-1 free fioni "racks, alt
 from one application of vour 'liniment, I would say
 the hoy put it on himself as au experiment of hia
 own, from hearing in recommended. Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy stole, and are
 n. w the same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opinioo,
 live greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to lie a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 aliove the ankle. The leg was to much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all tlie most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 I ast August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. Tlie other three I labored at till tlie
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box ot Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C.B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THK WORLD.
ISLOAN’S OINTMKNT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 BURNT TO CINDERSj
 W. D. Sloan:
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your UllFaral
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before the flames oould
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, llie
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and aliout her business. —The mediant is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 ilom*
 1 feel (iudedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CILtNE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111., )JBf'
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
 For Pwnty, Mild net*, Safety, Vertatnty J
 Land Thoroughntst SLOANS
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of tlie following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, Gills of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wimlgall*, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfaat,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body and
 lias proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 Which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Modi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have useu them, tasfify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with confi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease which the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Bloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test lor your
 self th«ir efficacy.— lU. Organ May sth, 1849.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
 Extract from the Waukesha FemocrtM.'jWb.
 May 9,1848.
 “Sloak’s Medicines.”—A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to any,
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Hotse Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us In
 recommend it to those who have the use and cere
 of horses. Mr. Sloan s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and from the favorable ac
 quaintance we have with that gentleman, we are lad
 to believe that they are pi spared with a view to
 give a reel benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended. _
 RATTLE [SNAKE BITS.
 Dr. W. B. Sloak— -Door Sir— Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, had*
 hose badly bitten on the nose by a Rattlesnake.
 Some ten hours after, I saw the horse, his head was
 remarkably swollen, I immsflieSily applied your
 Ointment freely, and we were astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In less then one hour the
 swelling began to abate, and in twenty four hours it
 had nearly all subsided, and within three days the
 horse was not only fit for use, but was actually pm to
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 Yours, respectfully,
 L. 8. BARTLETT,
 1849
"
