"FREDERICK DOUGLASS, Editor.
VOL. 111. NO. 20.
The NORTH STAR m pnUUked every
 Thursday, at No. 35, Buffalo Street,
 {Opposite the Arcade.)
 TERMS.
 Two dollars per anmtm, always in advance. No
 •otMcriptio* will be received for a lees term tbeo
 six month*. f f
 Advertisement* net exceeding ten liaes inserted
 three times for one dollar, every suhaeqeent ineer
 tfo|.twenty.foe cents. v
 SLAVERY in all its forms and aspedks; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the standard
 public morality; promote the moral and intellec
 tual improvement o( t ie Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our inslaved fellow countrymen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 (JO* All communications relating to tlie business
 matters of the paper, naine9 of subscribers, remit
 tances, Ac., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 DO* Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 OO* Any person sending in paymert for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one ;tddress, may
 have a fifth copy for one year.
 UO* All letters and communications must be post
 paid.
 LIST OF AGENTS.
 Massachusetts.— R.h.W allcut, 21, Cornhi 11,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spoouer, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 Connecticut. —Jona. Leonard, New Haven;
 Jaliez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 New York. —Sydney H. Gay, 142, 'Nassau
 Street; James M’Cune Smith, 93, West Broad
 way; Joseph Post, West bury, Queen County; Ma
 ry Harper, Albany, Elias Doty, Macedon; Wil
 letts Keese, Peru, Cliuton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amaruncy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania. J. M. M’Kirn, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149,
 So. Sixth Street,Do.; B. Bown,Pittsburgh; Wm.
 Whipper, Columbia; Milo A. Townsend, New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.— J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Chares
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel.BrooWle,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hugh Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J. I&gt;. Patterson, Urliana, Champaign county.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Illinois. Hemy O, Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 Canada. —John James Carey, Toronto.
Selections.
SPEECn OF MR, HALE.ON THE
 TERRITORIAL QUESTION,
 Delivered in the Senate of the United States,
 Tuesday, March 19, 1850.
 The Senate having under consider*-
 ation the compromise resolutions sub
 mitted tome time since by Mr. Clat—
 Mr. Hale. Mr. President, it seems
 to have been admitted by almost every
 one who has addressed the Senate on
 the subject which has some time past
 engaged the attention of this body,
 that the Stnate and the country at large
 are divided into two classes—l will not
 say two great classes,but one large and
 one very small one; that that the
 great body of the Senate and of the
 country are patriotic; that they earn
 estly and anxiously desire that the dis
 tracting questions which divide and
 harass the country may be settled up
 on some just and patriotic grounds;
 while on the other hand, there are a
 few, designated as extremists, or ultra
 ists, who do not desire to see any such
 end effected; who desire, in other
 words, to promote agitation; who are
 anxious for nothing but trouble and dis
 turbance; whose sole purpose is to in
 crease the irritation that already ex
 ists in the community— to keep the pub
 lic mind sore, the public pulse throb
 bing irregularly with feverish heat.
 Nothing, it is said, is so strange as the
 physical and moral organization of
 these few gentlemen; agitation is the
 aliment upon which they feed, and by
 which they live: take away that, and
 their life, their occupation, all which
 furnishes them with a motive for living,
 is gone.
 Now, I have not a word to say per
 sonally against this; I am glad, sir, that
 these ultraists, if they do nothing more,
 at least accomplish this much good
 —that they afford this wholesome safe
 ty-valve to these extra exhibitions of
 patriotism on the part of those who are
 in the habit of addressing the Senate.
 Hardly any one seems to suppose that
 be has discharged the duty which he
 owes to the country, or done what he
 ought to do to satiety his constituents,
 unless he mingles with the suggestions
 which he makes wholesale denuncia
 tions against'those ultraists—those agi
 tators; and even the calm and judical
 mind of the Senator from North Carol
 ina, who has just concluded his re
 marks, is so infected with the prevail
 ing mania, that even he, educated as
 he has been upon the bench, where he
 learned to sanction a line of safe pre
 cedent, could not sit down satisfied
 that he had discharged his duty, until
 he bad relieved his conscience of a due
 proportion of vituperation against these
 miserable fanatics and agitators.
 I think, then, it must be granted that
 the.agitators do some good— at least by
 affording a safe and wholesome channel
 through which this extra exhibition of
 patriotic indignation may find vent. 1
 do hope that, if it be not conceded that
 they do any other good, at least credit
 wiH be accorded to them for this
 much. I have not a word to say in
 reference to the good taste or the truth
 and candor which prompts such a
 course. I make no appeal to gentle
 men, who feel a consciousness in their
 own breasts that they are governed by
 high, pure, elevated motives, to con
 sider how far it is consistent with a pro
 per selfrespect to be continually em
 ployed in depreciating and attacking
 the motives of others.
 When 1 obtained the floor, air, some
 time smee, after the address that was
 dcJ.vered by the distinguished Senator
from South Carolina, who is not now ia
 his seat, I suggested that, according
 to my reading of history, tho# account
 which he has undertaken to give of
 these agitations sounded to my mind
 more like the romance than the troth
 of history, and that 1 designed, upon
 some occasion, when it suited the con
 venience of the Senate, to set history
 aann liiaftwiihi nttnrimUg JB
 nun. And that is one of the objects
 I proposed to myself to-day. I shall,
 sir, be compelled to call the attention
 ol the Senate to Ihe speech of Jhe Sen
 ator from South Carolina somewhat in
 detail; and, in devoting some few mo
 ments to a preparation upon this sub
 ject, I endeavored o make something of
 au analysis of it. Before Ihad proceeded
 very far in my examination, I found it
 assumed the form of a regular cate
 chism—questions and answers being
 given. In the first place it commen
 ced with a concession of the fact that
 the Union was in great danger; then it
 asks—
 “l How can the Union be preserv
 ed?
 “Answer. —To give a satisfactory an
 swer to this mighty question, it is indis
 pensable to have an accurate and tbor
 ough|knowledge of the nature and char
 acter of the cause by which the Union
 is endangered.
 “2. What has endangered the Union?
 “Answer.-To this question there can
 be but one answer, that the immediate
 cause is the almost universal discontent
 which pervades all the States compos
 ing the Southern section of the Union.
 “3. What is the cause of this dis
 content
 “Answer. —It will be found in the be
 lief of the people of the Southern
 States, as prevalent as the discontent
 itself, that they cannot remain, as
 things now are, consistently with hon
 or and salety, in the Union.
 “4. What has caused this belief?
 “Answer. —One of the causes is un
 doubtedly, to be traced to the long
 continued agitation of the slave ques
 tion on the part of the North, and the
 many aggressions which they have
 made on the rights of the South dur
 ing the time. I will not enumerate
 them at present, as it will be done
 hereafter in its proper place. There is
 another lying back of it, with which
 this is intimately connected, that may
 b* an tbe great mud primary
 cause. This is to be found in tbe rect
 that the equilibrium between the two
 sections in the Government, as it stood
 when the Constitution was ratified and
 the Government put in action, has been
 destroyed.”
 Now, sir, the first act of this Gov
 ernment, in the series of these events
 which has broken up this equilibrium
 and caused this universal discontent,
 the-honorable Senator says, is the Or
 dinance of 1757. 1 shall not undertake
 to go particularly into the history of
 that Ordinance, because it is familiar
 to the Senate and the country, and has
 been frequently referred to by gentle
 men who have already addressed ths
 Senate on this subject. This, mark
 you, is the first in the series of North
 ern aggressions by which the equilib
 rium which once existed, has been
 destroyed.
 Mr. Butler. The word aggres
 sion does not occur in his speech, in
 that eonnection at all.
 Mr. Hale. I do not know exaetly
 whether the Senator used tbe word
 aggression,” or not; perhaps he did
 not. i
 Mr. Butler, (in his seat I know
 he did not.
 Mr. Hale.* At any rate, it is one
 of the acts which has destroyed the
 equilibrium. That is it. The equili
 brium is spoken of by the Senator sev
 eral times, and the Ordinance of 1787
 was one of the great events which, he
 claims, destroyed this equilibrium.
 And, sir, it is curious that this first act
 of Northern aggression—the Ordinance
 of 1787, —was adopted in the Con
 vention of 1887, with but a single dis
 senting yote, and that was a Northern
 vote. Yes, sir, the only vote in the
 Convention of 1787, against this Or
 dinance, which is said to have broken
 up the equilibrium of the States that
 originally existed, and which was to
 be perpetuated between Northern and
 Southern States, was a vote from a
 Northern State—was a Northern State
 —the State of New York; for the del
 egates from every other State voted
 unanimously for it—the delegates iron
 South Carolina among the number.
 Well, sir, what followed? I pro
 pose to show now, if the Senate wili
 give me their attention, that this fa
 famous Ordinance of 1787, which hat
 now got to be the Wilmot Proviso, and
 which is deemed to be so insulting tc
 the Southern States of the Confeder
 acy, if it is retained in our Federal
 legislation; that this Ordinance oi
 1787, older than the Constitution, wai
 re-enacted by the first Congress which
 assembled under that Constitution, and
 in the preamble to the act which re
 cognised the Ordinance, it is expressly
 recited that it is done in order that its
 provisions shall be made conformable
 to the Constitution of tbe United States
 The act was approved the 7th August,
 1780, and is to be found in chapter Btti
 of the Isws of the United States. The
 preamble I will read. It is as follows
 Oo tbe|eecomi page of the speech of Mr
 Cubopi ia tbe following miaatc “One af tin
 enuaea ia, undoubtedly, lo be traced to tbe long-con
 tinned agitation of rhea late cpnetiott on tbe part o
 the North, and the mnuy aggrttmm* which tbe'
 have made on die rights of the rsonth during thi
 lime."
 At another place on the same page, hegsays: “a
 that time there waa a perfect equilibrium betweet
 the two, which afforded ample mean* to each U
 protect itself against ths afgrswMw of the other.”
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX—TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR—
i Whereas, in ordet*that &amp;e Ordin
 ance of the Ujjjted States in Congres
 i assembled, for the government of th&lt;
 I Territory northwest of the river Ohio
 I may continue to have full effect, it ii
 i requisite that cerfam provisions thoub
 y be made, so as to adapt the same t&lt;
 the present Constitution of the Unite)
 rf i nnjflm- f nr
 first Congress that assembTeaunoe
 the Federal Constitution; it re-enacte(
 and re-established the provisions o
 that Ordinance. Now, sir, we hav&lt;
 i been told to-day, as well as on pre
 vious occasions, that, if this principle
 is insisted on, it is an insult and sucl
 a grievous wrong, that the Southerr
 States, if they remain in the Confed
 eracy, will remain not from any prin
 ciple of attachment to the Union, bul
 from fear of the bitter consequence*
 which might follow secession. Now,
 I undertake to say that I will prove tc
 the satisfaction of every reasonable
 man who can read the statutes of the
 country, that the principle embodied in
 that Ordinance of 1787, and re-enacted
 by the first Congress under the Fed
 eral Constitution—has been continued
 to be re-enacted in substance, from the
 time of Gen. Washington, who signed
 the first act, down to James K. Folk,
 who signed the same provision in the
 Oregon bill; and that the talk which is
 raised by gentlemen about making an
 unequal and unjust discrimination
 about property, has no foundation
 which may not with equal justice be
 alleged against every one of the acts
 of the Federal Government organizing
 Territories, which mark our history
 from the adoption of the Constitution
 down to the present time. I ask the
 attention of the Senate to the subject.
 It will be found that, as early as 1794,
 on the 22d March, by an act of Con
 gress, General Washington then being
 President—whilst the foreign slave
 trade was not ’prohibited, an d could
 not be by the provisions of the Federal
 Constitution, until 1808; while the
 trade in foreign slaves was the subject
 of legitimate commerce under the
 Constitution; while every citizen of
 the United States had a right, under
 the laws of the Constitution, to go
 from any port of the United States
 to the coast of Africa, and take a cargo
 of slaves and bring them to any port
 in tbe United States—Congress, in
 1794, made a discrimination against
 this species of property, and prohibited
 the building or fitting out of any vessel
 for the purpose of carrying slaves to
 any foreign country. They might
 bring *hem here; but Congress thus
 far discriminated against that species
 of property as early as 1794, whilst it
 was a subject of legal commerce under
 the Constitution ol the United States.
 Congress did not interfere, provided
 the slaves were brought home; but
 they did, and utterly destroyed that
 species of property as an article of
 commerce, when an attempt was made
 to carry it to any foreign country.
 That was an act passed under George
 Washington. Its provisions were as
 follows:
 “An Act to prohibit the carrying on the
 Slave Trade from the United States
 to any foreign place or country
 Sec. 1 prohibits building or fitting
 out vessels for the purpose of carrying
 slaves to any foreign country, or pro
 curing them in any foreign country to
 carr*' them to another. Vessels fitted
 out for that purpose forfeited.
 Sec. 2 imposes a penalty of $2,000
 on any person aiding or abetting in
 fitting out such a vessel.
 Sec. 3. Any owner, master, or
 factor of any vessel clearing for Africa,
 or suspected of being intended for the
 slave trade, are required to give bond
 in substance not to violate the provis
 ions of this act.
 Sec. 4 imposes a penalty of $2OO
 for every person received on board
 any vessel in violation of this act.
 “G. Washington.
 “Approved, March 22, 1794.”
 .That is an act passed in 1794. Well
 sir, other acts of a similar character,
 only more express and explicit in their
 provisions, may be found. In the act
 of 1798, for the settlement of the
 limits of the State of Georgia, and the
 establishment of a Government for the
 Mississippi Territory, passed on the
 7th April, 1798:
 Sec. 3 establishes a government
 for the Mississippi Territory, in all
 respects similar to that now exercised
 in the Territory northwest of the river
 Ohio, excepting and excluding the last
 article of the Ordinance made for the
 government thereof by the late Con
 gress, on the 13th of July, 1787, which
 provides that there shall be neither
 slavery nor involuntary servitude, oth
 erwise than in the punishment of
 crimes, &amp;c.
 Sec. 7 makes it unlawful to bring
 slaves into Mississippi Territory from
 any place without the United States,
 imposes a penalty of $3OO for every
 slave brought into the Territory in
 violation of the provisions ot this act,
 and gives every slave thus brought in,
 bis or her freedom.
 “Approved, April 7, 1798.”
 Look at the provisions of that act.
 Sl**®* might legally be imported into
 the United States for ten years after
 that act was passed; they might be
 imported, and were as much and as
 legally a subject of property as any
 thing else, but Congress took occasion
 to regulate that species of property
 ten years before the prohibition to the
 importation of slaves was to take ef
 fect,, and declared that alavet should
 not be carried into the Mississippi Ter.
ROCHESTER, Ni Y., THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1850.
ritory from atyr place without the
 i United States, and that any slave car
 ried there became free; and a penalty
 was imposed on those who took them
 I Slaves were at th|t time—in 1798
 legal ofcommere Congress
 I had powJPiyer uadm^^e^onstitiition
 were, under the* 5 Constitution, as legi
 timately articles of commerce as sugar
 or molasses. Well, Congress did un
 dertake that early in 1795, to say that
 slaves, which were recognised as
 articles of commerce in the States,
 should not be carried into the Terri
 tories. That fact establishes two
 points. It shows that Congress legis
 lated for the Territories, and it shows
 that they legislated upon this particu
 lar subject within the Territories.
 Well, sir, there are other acts of a
 similar character. In an act erecting
 Louisana into two Territories, and
 providing for the temporay government
 thereof, approved the 2lst March,
 1804, section 10 prohibits the bringing
 into said Territory, from any place
 without the United States, any slave or
 slaves, and imposed a fine of three
 hundred dollars for any slave so im
 ported; and, act prohibited
 the bringing into wp Territory any
 slave or slaves which shall have been
 imported to the United States since the
 Ist day of May, 1795, or which shall
 hereafter he imported. Under the pro
 visions of this act, passed in 1804,
 Congress undertook to say that slaves
 which have been imported into one of
 the slave States between 1768 and
 1804, fair matters of commerce under
 the Constitution, should not be carried
 into the Territory, and imposed a pen
 alty on any one so carrying them.
 Here, then, is an express and explicit
 recognition, on the part of Congress,
 of the right and authority of Congress
 thus to legislate upon this subject.
 Under the provisions of this law, no
 one could move from a slave State into j
 the Louisana Territory in 1801, and
 ’2,and ’3. and carry with him slaves
 imported from Africa into any State,
 subsequently to 1798. Or if they did,,
 they did, in violation of this law which,
 prohibited it.
 I will not weary the Senate by going
 ow«r tk«* history of then* several acts.
 They will, very roirtfioftbeim, be found i
 in a speech delivered in this body on
 the 20th June, 1848, by Mr. Dix, then;
 a member from the State of New York,
 and they come down to the very last
 Congress—because the last Congress,
 adhering to the legislation heretofore
 practiced, passed the Oregon bili, con
 taining this very same prohibition, and
 it was signed by Mr. James K. Polk.
 He certainly must have understood it
 to be a constitutional prohibition, the
 constitutional exercise of a right vested
 in Congress, or he never would have
 signed it.
 The proposition was made in both
 Houses to put the enactment of that
 clause in the Oregon bill on the ground
 that it was north of thirty-six degrees
 thirty minutes. Both Houses refused
 to do it. It went to Mr. Polk, and he|
 signed it, and sent it back with a pa
 per, tho substance of which, as I read
 it, was, that it was constitutional then,
 but never would be again. That, sir,
 has been the legislation of Congress,
 older than the Constitution, coming
 down through successive Presidents—
 Washington, Adams, Jackson, Van
 Buren, and soon; and, in the organi
 zation of Territorial Governments in
 Mississippi, Louisana, Florida, and
 Michigan, all in express terms recog
 nising this right: sometimes limiting
 slavery to a certain class of slaves, in
 other instances excluding it altogeth
 er.
 And now we are told that if we ad
 here to this long-established, well con
 sidered construction of the Constitution;
 if we continue to tread in the old path
 which our fathers marked out for us,
 that the sensibility, the sensitiveness of
 the South, which has been sleeping for
 more than fifty years, will be galvani
 zed into such activity, as to endanger
 the Union itself.
 Well, sir, these arguments may be
 all potent, but I want to put history
 right. We are told that this agitation
 of the subject of slavery here is some
 thing new, and the Senator from South
 Carolina gave it a date of fifteen years.
 He said that it had commenced in 1835
 and that as soon as it was introduced,
 he saw the'mischief that was to ensue
 from it. The honorable Senator from
 South Carolina did not go back far
 enough; agitating papers of the sort
 complained of came here Unger a/o
 than that. He ought to have gone
 back to 1776, and he would havo found
 one of the most "agitating” and "fa
 natical” papers that he could well find,
 beginning with the declaration that all
 men are created equal. The agitation
 of this question goes back as far as
 that, and it shows what was the action
 and understanding of the men of that
 day. I wish to read, air, a petition
 presented to the first Congress that ev
 er assembled under the Federal Con
 stitution, and signed by one of the
 great minds that framed it. I allude, sir,
 to Doctor Franklin; aot one of these
 modern ‘agitators," not one of those
 amphibious animats, that have been
 described as flying about in the twi
 light, between light and darkness.
 On the 12th February, 1776, Benja
 min Frpnklin, as president of the
 Penney It ania Society Ur promoting the
 abolition of slaver y, the relief of free
 negroes unlawfully held in bondago,
 and the improvement of the African
GOD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL, AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN.
race, presented a petition, which I
 send to the Clerk’s table te be read:
 February 12, 1780.
 “A memorial of the Pennsylvania
 Society for promoting the abolition of
 slavery, the relief of free negroes un
 lawfully held in bondage, and the m
 provement of the African race, as
 presented and read.
 fcethdMW
 “That, from a regard for the hap
 piness of mankind, an association was
 formed, several years since, in this
 State by a number of her citzens of va
 rious religious denominations, for pro
 moting the abolition of slavery, and for
 the relief of those unlawfully held in
 bondage. A just and acute conception
 ot the true principles of liberty, as it
 spread through the land, produced ac
 cessions to their numbers, many friends
 to their cause, and a legislative co-op-v
 eration with their views, which, by the
 blessing ot Divine Providence,
 been successtully directed to the re
 lieving from bondage a large' number
 of their fellow-creatures, of the African
 race. They have also the satisfaction
 to observe, that, in consequence of
 that spirit of pbilanthrophy and genuine
 liberty which is generally diffusing its
 beneficial influence, similar V. institu
 tions are forming at home and abroad.
 That Mankind are all formed by
 the same almighty Being, alike objects
 of his care, and equally designed for
 the enjoyment of happiness, the Chris
 tian religion teaches us to believe, and
 the political creed of America fully
 coincides with the position.
 “Vour memorialists, particularly en
 gaged in attending to the distresses
 arising from slavery, believe it to be
 their indespensable duty to present
 this subject to your notice. %They
 have observed, with real satisfaction,
 that many important and salutary pow
 ers are vested in you* for ‘promoting
 the welfare and recuring the blessings
 of liberty to the people of the United
 States;’ and, as they conceive that
 these blessings ought rightfully to be
 administered without distinction of col
 or to all descriptions of people, sothe
 indulge themselves in the pleasing ex
 pectation that nothing which can be
 done for the relief of the unhappy ob
 jects of their care will be either omit
 ted or delayed.
 roin a pursua&amp;ion that equal liber
 ty was originally the portion and is
 'till the birthright of all men, and in
 fluenced by the strong ties of humani
 ty and the principles of their institu
 tions, your memorialists concieve them
 selves bound to use all justifiable en
 deavors to joosen the bonds of slavery,
 and promote a general enjoyment of
 the blessings of freedom.
 “Under these impressions, they
 earnestly entreat your serious atten
 tion to the subject of slavery; that yoir
 will be pleased to countenance to res
 toration of liberty to those unhappy
 men, who alone in this land of free
 dom are degraded into perpetual bon
 dage, and who, amidst the general joy
 of surrounding freemen, are groaning
 in servile subjection; and you will de
 vise means for removing this inconsis
 tency from the character of the Ameri
 can people; that you will promote mer
 cy and justice towards this distressed
 race; and that you will step to the very
 verge of the power vested in you, for
 discouraging every species of traffic
 in the persons of our fellow-men.
 “Benj. Franklin, President.
 “Philadelphia, February 3, 1780.”
 Objection was made to the reception
 of the petition, and a debate ensued,
 when a motion to refer it to a commit
 tee prevailed, by a vote of 43 ayes to 11
 noes, it was considered in committee,
 reported on, and the whole subject was
 under debate on the sth, Bth, and
 9tn of March, 1790 —the proceedings
 of which action in Congress may be
 found in the Journals, page 180. I
 only refer to this history to show that
 there were “fanatics,’ in earlier times
 than the year 1835; that there were
 men who were affected with this “ma
 nia” long ago; and that amongst those
 upoh whose grave must fall the denun
 ciations that are so freely and fre
 quently heard here, is the man who
 alone of mortal man had vision enough
 to answer the question proposed by the
 Almighty to his servant long ago, when
 he asked him it he “can discover the
 way of the lightening of thunder?”
 Well, sir, I have another document,
 and a very curious one it is, too, refer
 ring to the action on this subject later
 in the history of Congress. It is to be
 found in the fourth volume of the
 House Journals, page 381 second ses
 sion of seventh Congress, under date
 of Tarch 2, 1803; and it is, air, a case
 in point. The Territory of Indiana
 then being under the provisions of the
 Ordinance of 1787, the people of Indi
 ana, through a public meeting of which
 William Henry Harrison was Pjpsi
 dent, petitioned that this article of the
 Ordinance of ’B7, prohibiting slavery
 in the Territory might be suspended
 for a given number of years—about ten
 I believe it was. The petition was re
 ferred to a committee, of which the cel
 ebrated John Randolph, of Virginia,
 was chairman. I desire to read an ex
 tract from his report, because it shows
 what sentiments obtained iu Virginia
 on this subject/ in 1803:
 House Journal, Vol. 4. Page 381—2 d
 Session 7th Congress—March 2 ,d
 1803. j
 “Mr. Randolph from the comm itme
 to which were -referred a letter from
 William Henry Harrison, President of
 the Convention held at Vincennes, de
 claring the consent of the people of
Indiana to the suspension of the sixth
 article of comped between the United
 States and the people of that Territory
 made the following report:
 “That the rapid population of the
 State of Ohio sufficiently evinces, in
 the opinion of yodr committee, that the
 labor of slaves is sot Accessary to pro
 mote the growth aod settlement of col
 onies in that regies; that this labor,
 dessowi—&lt;h&gt;y thw..4sigeatjpf any. can
 only be employed to advantage m me
 cultivation of products more valuable
 than any known to that quarter of the
 United States; that the committee
 deem it highly dangerous and inexpedi
 ent to impair a provision wisely calcu
 lated to promote the happiness and
 prosperity of the Northwestern country
 and to give strength and security to
 that extensive frontier. In the saluta
 ry operation of this sagacious and be
 nevolent restraint, it is believed that
 the inhabitants of Indiana will, at no
 very distant day, find ample remuner*
 ation for a temporary privation of labor
 and of emigration.
 “From such a consideration as they
 have been enabled to bestow on the
 subject at this late period of the session
 and under the pressure of accumula
 ting business, they recommend the fol
 lowing resolutions, which are respect
 fully submitted to the judgement of the
 House.
 “1. Resolved., That it is inexpedi
 ent to suspend, for a limited time, the
 operation of the sixth article of compact
 between the original States and the
 people and States west of the Ohio.
 “2. &amp;c, &amp;c,”
 And, sir, is there a citizen of Indiana
 to-day, who will not rise up and do
 credit to the sagacity and philanthro
 py of John Randolph, when he told
 them that, in the wisdom and sagacity
 of that exercise of power, they would
 find ample remuneration for any tem
 porary greivance they might be suffer
 ing under, by the present application?
 And, sir, here was a case stronger than
 any which has been or can be present
 ed here—a case of a Territory of the
 United States, settled by freemen, with
 slavery interdicted, who come forward
 and ask Congress to relieve them from
 that interdiction—to relieve them from
 ■hat prohibition—and Congress refused
 ;o do it. And they refused to do it up
 jnthe report from which I have just read
 —that ruadejjy Mr. John Randolph, of
 V irginia. Now, sir, I think I may
 imfeiy leave that part of the subject, the
 Ordinance of 1787, having shown that
 it was not imposed by a part, but that
 it was the act of the whole country.
 [t was impressed upon the legislation
 )f the country at its earliest period; it
 las continued there ever sioce, and it
 remains there now. What do gentle
 nen want? On the principles that they
 :qptend for, that it is an insult, do they
 ivant to repeal the bill establishing the
 Oregon Territory? Do they want it
 )bliterated from the history of our leg
 slation? They can speak for them
 lelves, sir, on that point.
 The second matter which has dis
 urbed the equilibrium, according to
 he arguments of the Senator, is the
 Missouri Compromise. Sir, the Miss
 ouri Compromise disturbed the equili
 brium of those Northern Representa
 :ives that voted for it, more than any
 :hing else that ever happened; and
 ;hat is the only equilibrium I ever
 beard of as being disturbed by that
 Compromise. Not only did it disturb
 their equilibrium, Hut it threw them
 entirely off it, and, with but very rare
 exceptions, these politicians have not
 yet recovered their equilibrium, and,
 what is more, they never will. Well,
 nr, if, according to the argument of
 the Senator from South Carolina, the
 Missouri Compromise was such an odi
 ous measure, and has had such an in
 jurious effect upon the South, is it not
 singular that we find nearly every
 Southern man voting for it, and every
 Northern man voting against it, when
 ever it is offered? At the last session,
 when a motion was made to insert the
 Missouri Compromise in a Territorial
 bill, nearly every gentleman represen
 ting a Southern State on this floor vo
 ted for it, and the Northern men, as a
 body were against it. Then, sir, it is
 the South who were aggressive, and 1
 who were destroying the equilibrium;
 and it is the North who have resisted
 it. And further, has not every other
 Southern gentleman who has spoken
 here of that Compromise characterized
 it as a great healing measure, and as
 one that gave quiet, peace, and secu
 rity to the country, and will do it
 again, if adopted? And is it not a cu
 rious spectacle that they should thus
 ask us to return and settle down on one
 of the very measures that, in the opin
 ion of the Senator from South Carolina
 has been so potent and effectual in de
 stroying the equilibrium?
 Fes, sir. the Missouri Compromise,
 which is designated by the Senator
 from South Carolina as the givat
 equilibrium-destroyer, has been lau
 ded in our presence as a measure of,
 peace and concord, and as one that
 the South is willing to take and abide
 by now. Yes, sir, this measure, which
 Southern gentlemen now express their
 readiness to receive and abide by, the
 Senator from South Carolina puts sec
 ond in bis ltsl of the measures which
 have destroyed the equilibrium and pro
 duced discontent in the South!
 Well, sir, the third measure of which
 the Senator speaks as destroying the
 equilibrium between the sections, and
 producing this great discontent in the
 South, in the Oregon bill! if this be
 so, it must, indeed, have had a won
 derfully rapid influence, for it was on
 y passed u&gt; August, 1648, has been
JOHN SICK, p„,™
WHOLE NO. 124.
but about a year and a half ia opera
 tion, and, indeed, Ido not know whe
 ther any despatches hare bean receiv
 ed by this Government, informing us
 of the organise' ion of the Government
 instituted at that time; if they have
 been laid before Congress. Is it pos
 sible, then—can the Senator from
 South Carolina be serious, when he
 mentions the Oregen bill ss one of the
 three measures of the Government
 t nirtiTinwii ■■■■h Mgapimldia...,
 content at the South that tHWjF csn no
 longer remain in the Union? What
 possible influence can the Oregon bill
 have had on the South within the brief
 time that has transpired since its pas
 sage? I will not spend more time on
 this subject. The charge is prepos
 terous.
 I have another document to which I
 will here refer, as it shows that there
 was discontent and talk of disunion in
 the South long before this Oregon bill
 was thought of. The Senator from
 South Carolina speaks of the abolition
 fanatics in 1835, (which is the time, as
 he says, they commenced their opera
 tions,) as being small and contempti
 ble, and as having no sort of influence
 and consideration. Now, what was
 the declaration of the Senator in 1835,
 the very time when he states this frac
 tion was so small and contemptible?
 In Nile’s Register of 1832, 46th vol.,
 46th page, is an extract of a letter
 from John C. Calhoun to the editor of
 the Washington Telegraph. Heaays:
 "Since you passed through the
 South, the excitement in relation to
 the Northern fanatics has very greatly
 increased. The indications are, that
 the South will be unanimous—in their
 resistance will be of the most determi
 ned character, even to the extent of
 disunion, if that should be necessary
 to arrrst the evil. I trust, however,
 it may be arrested far short of such ex
 tremity.”
 From this it appears that as long ago
 as 1835, the South—all the South he
 speaks for—had come to such a unan
 imous determination to resist the
 Northern fanatices, that, if they could
 not put them down in any other way,
 they were ready to dissolve the Union.
 "Small and contemptible as this faction
 then was, to use the language of the
 Senator from South Carolina, it was
 potent enough, it seems, to work up
 the whole Southjo a determination to
 dissolve tha Union if they were not put
 down.
 1 wish to call the attention of the
 Senate to another view of this ques
 tion of the equilibrium. The Senator
 from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] in his
 speech the other day, puts this signifi
 cant question to Senators irom the
 Northern States. He says:
 “Now, sir, revert to the period when
 this Constitution was entered into—
 when thirteen Confederated States,
 loosely connected together, mutually
 grasping hands, drew more closely
 the bond of union; and now tell me, do
 you believe,does any man believe that it
 consists with the spirit and intention of
 the farmers of that instrument, with the
 feelings ofthat moment, that you should
 circumscribe slavery within limits with
 in which, in process of time, it could
 no longer exist? That were to deny
 to us the privilege of exercising the
 rights with which we came into the
 Constitution, in the manner in which
 we had exercised and were exercising
 them when the Constitution was form
 ed. It would be in effect to say to us,
 we will allow you to hold slaves, if you
 will keep them within your present
 limits; but in the future acquisitions
 which we make of territories, by our
 joint and equal effofts, even of such as
 are fitted to your peculiar kind of labor,
 hands off —slavery shall never be ex
 tended with our consent; the banner
 of this free Republic shall never wave
 over another slave State, whether it
 were originally free or slave. If this
 proposition had been made to our fa
 thers in that Convention, what think
 you would have been their answer? I
 will not trust myself to express it. Do
 you believe that this Constitution would
 have been formed under such circum
 stances?”
 Now, sir, it seems to me that an all
 sufficient answer to this question is to
 be found in the fact that the Constitu
 tion was formed under precisely the
 circumstances on which he speculates.
 Under what circumstances was the
 Constitution formed, sir? Why, every
 inch of territory which the states then
 owned ,was subject to this very prohibi
 tion! Every inch of territory by that
 provision of the Continental Congress,
 ratified by the first Congress under the
 Federal Constitution, was subjected to
 the inhibition of slavery.
 In another part of his speech the Sen
 ator from South Carolina savs, that,
 next aAer the Ordinance of 1778, the
 Missouri Compromise, and the Oregon
 bill, among the causes which have pro
 duced discontent at the South is the
 system of revenue and disbursements
 adopted by the Government. He says:
 “The next is the system of revenue sod
 disbursements which has been adopted by the
 Government. It is well hnown that the Gov
 ernment has derived its levenae roiislj from
 duties on imports. I shall not undertake to
 show that such duties must necessarily fall
 mainly on the exporting States, and that the
 South, as ft,e great exporting portion of the
 Union, has in reality paid vastly more than
 her due proportion of the revenue; because
 I deem it unnecessary, ss tbs subject has on
 so* many occasions been fully disscuased.
 Nor shall I, for the same reason, undertake
 to show that s far greater portion of the rev-
 AnuA has b4o disbursed at the North, than
 its due share; and that tbs joint effect of these
 causes has been to transfer vast amounts form
 South to North, which, under an equal sys
 tem of revenue and disbursements, would
"
