"From the Tt ibune.
 IfMOk of Dtiiel Webster at Boston.
 Mr. Webster rose in the carriage, and wa
 received with loud cheers. After the train
 bad iq some measure subsided, he proceeds*
 to say that, it was with great pleaiure tha
 be met so large an assemblage of his friendi
 at a time when his private affairs had called
 him from the seat of government to his Own
 home. As you hav# said, air, said be, tht
 duties of the winter in the public Council ol
 the country htve been arduous. I am sorry
 to say, those arduous duties are not done
 with. 1 im sorry to say, that the public affairs
 of the country have not yet made so much
 progress towards satisfactory adjustment ai
 to remove all the anxiety which haa beer
 felt about the adjustment of the subjects un
 der discussion; but I feel authorized now tt
 ssy, there is raason to hope—reason to ex
 pect, that further reflection—that a generow
 comparison of various wishes where we die
 agree, will bring about that improved stale o
 publiic feeling, in the reproduction of whirl
 all the expectations of useful discharge o
 public duty—all our expectationa of usefu
 legislation must depend. I cannot but feel
 sir, that 1 stand in the presence of my friends
 I must regard this gathering as the persona!
 tribute of your welcome to me. You do noi
 welcome the politician, and this is not an op
 portunity for discussing those questions which
 now agnate the community and the Govern
 ment; questions which can leave little repost
 in the mind of any intelligent man, till b«
 can see some probability that from their dis
 cussion an adjustment ipajr co-ne, in favtug
 the prosperity, peacenappiness, ana conttlfVßV
 Union of the country.
 Gentlemen, I have felt it my duty on a law
 occasion, to make an effort to bring abou
 some amelioration of that excited feeling ot
 this subjeot which pervades the people ot tht
 country eveiywhere, North and South—l&lt;
 make an effort also to restore the Governmem
 to its proper capacity for discharging the pro
 per business of the country; let me say i
 is unable to discharge that business; that i
 may regain that capacity there is a necesai
 ty for effort, both in Congress and out of Con
 greas; neither you nor I shall see the Legis
 lature of the country proceed in the old har
 moniou# way until the discussion in Congress
 and ij|f of Congress, upon the subject t&lt;
 which you have alluded shall be in some waj
 suppressed; take that tralh home with you
 and take it as truth until something can b&lt;
 done to allay the feeling now separating mer
 of different sections, there can be no usefu
 and satisfactory Legislation in house:
 of Congress. Mr. Curtis, and gentlemen
 the Commonwealth of Massachusetts ha:
 done me the honor to place tue as represents
 live, as one of her representatives in Congress
 I have believed that she would approve m tn&lt;
 any honest, cautious and sincere effrota to al
 lay the discussion which we see among thi
 people of the country and to restore Congresi
 to its constitutioual capacity for action, j
 have believed that the Commonwealth of Mas
 aachusetts would support her represenlatm
 in that course. 1 have believed that the genera
 aentiment of the whole courtry would favoi
 and encourage their efforts in it, and I havt
 the satisfaction now to believe, and in tha
 belief I shall not be disappointed—(cheers)—
 however that may be, that effort 1 shall re
 pest —(renewed cheering) in that course o:
 pacification I shall persevere, regardless ol
 all personal consequences. (Three cheers.)
 I shall minister to no local prejudices. I shall
 auppoit no agitations, having their foundation
 in mere ghostly abstraction. (Laughter and
 •hears.) 1 shall say nothing which may fos
 ter the unkind passions—separating the North
 from the South—may my tongue cleave to
 the roof of my mouth, before it may utter any
 sentiment which thsll increase the agitation
 in the publis tnind on such a subject.
 (Cheer.) Sir, I have said that this is Dot an
 occasion for politiaal discussion. I confess
 that if the time and circumstances gave an
 opportunity, 1 should not be indisposed to ad
 dress the people of Massachusetts directly
 upon the duty which the present exigencies
 of affaiis bad devolved upon her, this great
 and glorious Csramos wealth upon ibe
 duty at least which it devolves upon us who
 represent her in the national legislature—
 this will not be such an opportunity. I have
 an occasion in my seat in the Senate, to
 which I shall immediately return, to give my
 opinions upon some topics of an interesting
 character —topics in regard to some of which
 there exist both misstatements and misappre
 hension the greatest misstatement, the
 greatest misapprehension, especially so far as
 I am concerned, 1 may simply mention one
 of then tomes —the delivery of fugitives from
 service. \V ith regard to that question there
 exin the greatest prejudices, the greatest
 misapprehensions. 1 do not wonder at the
 misapprehensions. 1 am well aware that is
 a topic which must excite prejudices. 1 can
 very well feel what the prejudices are which
 it must very naturally bung up in the minds
 of the good people of this Commonwealth.
 But, Mr. Cuitis, and gentlemen, there are, in
 regard to that topic, duties absolutely incum
 bent on the Commonwealth—duties imposed
 by the Constitution—absolutely incumbent oh
 every peison who holds office in Mas
 sachusetts; under her ewn constitution and
 laws, and those of the nation, she is bound,
 and persons are bound, in the discharge of the
 duty—a disagreeable duty—we call upon her
 to discharge that duty, as an affair of high
 morals and high principles—we show to her
 and we ask her to resolve perfor
 mance of duty, though i. be a disagreeable
 duty. Any man can perform an agreeable
 duty; but it is not every man who can per
 form a disageesble duty. Any man can do
 what is altogether pleasant.
 The question now is whether Massachu
 setts —whether the old State of Msssachu
 setts* improved by two centuries of civiliza
 tion, renowned for her intellectual character,
 mighty in her moral power, conspicuous be
 fore the world, a leading State in this count
 ry ever since it was a country, a leading State
 in the Union ever since it was a Unian—the
 question is whether Massachusetts wiili shrink
 from, or come to a fair and reasonable and
 moderate performance, and no more than a
 fair and reasonable and a moderate perfor
 mance of ber sworn obligations. 1 think she
 will—(eheeis.) Sir, the question la whether
 Massachusetts will aland to the truth against
 tonptauoa—whit ter she will be just against
 temptation —whether she will defend herself
 against her own prejudices. She lies con
 quered eveiything else in her time, she has
 conquered this ocean which was her shore,
 she has conquered her inflexible climate, she
 has fought her way to the universal respect
 of the.woild,ahe has conquered every body’s
 prejudices but her own—the question is,
 whether she will conquer her own prejudices.
 I shall return to the Senate to put that ques
 tion to her, in presence of that common mo
 ther who shall deal it to her heart—(cheers.)
 In the meantime, let me repeat that I tread
 no step backwards—(cheers. 1 am devoted
 to the restoration of peace, haimony, concord,
 out of Congress, and auch a degree of mutual
 co-operation in Congress, as many enable u
 to carry ou once more the legitimate business
 of the Government. The Union, for the
 preseivalion of which I strive—the union of
 Mutes for which I strive—is not merely a
 union of law, or constitution, of compact, but
 while it is that, it is a union or brotherly re
 gard, of fraternal feeling throughoulihe whole
 country. 1 do not wish that any portion of
 the people of this country shall feel held to
 gether only by the boride of a legal corpora
 tion, bonds which some of them may think
 restrained their limbs, cramped their affec
 tions, galled "and worried them; on the contra
 ry, that they shall be bound together by
 those unseen, soft, easy-sitting chains, that
 rssult from generous affections, and from a
 sense of common interest and common pride;
 in short, fellow-citizens, my desire and my
 labor is, to see that sute of things produced
 in which, filling all bosoms with gratitude,
 all hearu with joy—illuminating all faces,
 spreading through all ranks of people, whe
 ther rich or poor, whether north, south, east
 ft treat, theft shell exist the balm of all our
•offering, the great solace of our politic*]
 Ct]amma», in the great and glorious future,
 and that i* a lore of an united gotrenmtent.
 Mr. Webster dosed amidst voeiferoui
 cheering, which lasted for aotne momenta,
 i The meeting being in the open air, the treat
 l crowd in their anxiety to see sad hear the
 speaker, rushed upon the reporters tables
 and antitely stopped the operations of moat
 of them. In this dilemma, your reporter was
 greatly indebted to Mr. Hale, of the Adver
 tiser, for the report prepared for that paper.
 The Voice of JHaaaachaaetta*
 We publish below, the resolves concern
 ing Slavery, which have been passed by the
 Legislature of this Commonwealth. Several
 weeks ago,the aeries passed the House of
 Repreaentativest with only lour dissenting
 voicea, and these were ostensibly given be
 i cause the resolves were not stiong enough, or
 on account of some patticular phraseology.
 The resolves ware sent to the Senate, where
 they were debated and amended, and passed
 in their present hum, by a vote of 34 to 4.
 On Saturday they came to the House again,
 the amendments of the Senate were concurr
 ed in, and the resolves passed to be engrossed
 by s unanimous vote. We are therefore
 justified in proclaiming them the “voice or
 Massachusetts.” men of all parties voted
 for them.— Boston Atlas.
 Whereas, The people of Massachusetts,
 acting under a solemn sense of duty, have
 deliberately and repeatedly avowed their
 purpose to resist the extension of slavery into
 the national territories, or the admission of
 1 irertnrrave Stutes tmo uw Union, e»r
 these ends, to apply, in every practical mode,
 the principles of the ordinance of 1787; also,
 to seek the abolition, of slavery and the slave
 trade in the District of Columbia, and the
 withdrawal of the power and influence of the
 general government from the support of sla
 very, so far as the same may be constitution
 ally done; and whereas, the important quea
 nuns now before the country, make it desir
 able that ther convictions snould be reaffirm
 ed; therefore:
 Resolved, That the people of Massachu
 setts earnestly insist upon the application,
 by Congress, of the Ordinance ol 1787, with
 all possible sanctions and solemnities of law,
 to the territorialall possessions of lh« Union,
 in all parts of the Continent, and for all com
 ing time.
 Resolved, That the people ol Massachu
 setts cherish the Union with unabated at
 tachment; that they will support the Consti
 tution; that appreciating the inestimable
 benefits flowing from it, they believe it bel
 ter for all parties and sections, with refer
 ence to existing evils, to wait and work pa
 tiently under and through the Constitution,
 than to destroy it; and have no doubt
 that they hold these sentiments in common
 with overwhelming majorities of the people
 of these United States; but, in any event,
 they will follow their principles, deterred by
 no threats of disunion, and no fear of conse
 quences.
 Resolved, That the integrity and perman
 ence of American power on the Pacific
 Ocean, the increase of our commerce and
 wealth, the extension of our institutions, and
 the cauae of human freedom oh this Contin
 ent, require the immediate admission of Cali
 fornia into this Union, with her present Con
 stitution, without reference to any other ques
 tion or measure whatever.
 Resolved, That the sentiments of the peo
 ple of Massachusetts, as expressed in their
 legal enactments, in relation to the deliver
 ing up of fugitive slaves, temains unchanged;
 and, inasmuch ss the leg station relating to
 this subjeet, is within the exclusive Ijurisdic
 tion of Congress, we hold it to be the duty
 of that body to pass such laws only, in re
 gard thereto, as will be sustained by the pub
 lic sentiment of the free States, where such
 laws are to be enforced, and which shall es
 pecially secure to all persons whose surrender
 may be claimed, as having escaped from la
 bor and service in other States, the right of
 baviag the validity of such claim determined
 by a jury in the State where such claim is
 made.
 Resolved that the people of Massachusetts,
 in the maintenance of these, their well-known
 and invincible principles, expect that all their
 officers and representatives will adhere to
 them, at all times, on all occassions, under
 all circumstances.
 Resolved, That his Excellency the Gov
 ernor be requested to transmit a copy of these
 resolutions to each of the Senators and Rep
 resentatives of Massachusetts, in the Con
 gress of the United States.
 Mrs, Sviasholm’a opinion of Cal. Bentos,
 Daniel Webstar, Clay, dec..
 I tell you Benton ‘is a glorious old man.’
 with the dignity of age and the vigor sod fire
 of youth. Clay and Webster are pigmies
 beside him, and their drivelling arguments
 about compromises, and tear for the sately
 of our glorious Union, just sound like twaddle
 beside his sledge-hammer eloquence—his
 plain, practical truths. I never dreamed he
 was so great a man until 1 saw him.
 The friends of California have reason to
 remember him, for he has labored faithfully
 to have her admitted without delay. From
 the common reports of Congressional pro
 ceedings, one has little ides of the earnestness
 •f the efforts here on both sides. There is
 no Whig and Democratic party in Congress.
 Foote, Butler. Clay, and Csm, aland shoul
 der to shoulder, and fight in a solid phalanx.
 W hen Benton is likely to corner them with
 his arguments, Mr. Clay will leave his seat,
 glide over io Mr. Cass or Mr. Foote, and
 exchange whispers. A consultation will be
 held—heads nodded in token that that will
 do, and he will return to bring up some fresh
 amendment; or Mr Mangum, whig, will
 come and whisper to one of them, then the
 other, and sirange nutters for a vote, while
 Messrs. Benton and Hsmlin, stand side by
 side with Northern Whigs, or rather a littlo
 in advance of most of them.— Since I have
 been here, the burden appears to fall upon
 Mr. Benton, and nobly he sustains it. The
 warmest advocates of freedom appear as if
 by mutual consent, to yield him the prece
 dence. Hale and Chase every little while
 step in and take an honorable part, buMfien
 ton is the lion. 1 fear greaify
 North is destined to defeat—disgraceful de
 feat.
 Gen. Taylor’s policy of non-inte{f*renee
 with the territories, is the very outermost that
 may be hoped; and so fat as 1 can juddge, ail
 the Free Sutlers are ready to support this as
 the best that can be done—leave th« territo
 ries to form governments tor themselves; but
 this, Heniy Clay am* the ultra. Southerners
 will detest if possible. Clay is likely to have
 his revenge on Gen. Tsyloi, by thwarting his
 measures and embarrassing his administration.
 —Webster, too, who never gave the old
 General a very hearty support, has refused to
 support his measures. Gen. Taylor here
 stands very high as su honest man. It is a
 common remark, from friends and enemies,
 “He is an honest old gentleman, and haa a
 great deal of good, sound sense.” He ap
 peals to command the respect of all parties
 for hia honesty and good sense, that is, so far
 as these qualities are deemed respectable.
 But very tew appear to think them of much
 importance in a President. Diplomacy,
 conning and skill are ine requisites for suc
 cess in managing the sharpers who here do
 congregate. “The old stagers” can baffle
 and embarrass men of the strongest minds
 who are not acquainted with their subteifuge
 and tricks.
 Nsw Mexico.— -Letters fiom Washington
 state that intelligence has been received very
 I recently from New Mexico, showing that the
 people are about to provide (or the formation
 I of a slate government. A regulaily organi
 sed convention will soon be assembled there
 as in California, the object of which will be to
 adopt a constitution, and prepare, in proper
 I form, sn application to Congress for admission
 ss a state. There can be no reasonable doubt
 i that this convention will establish a perpetual,
prohibition of Slavery within the border* of
 INew Mexico, just as the people of California
 have done for their state. The population of
 the district which will probably seek admis
 sion as a state, is estimated to be now little
 under one hundred thousand.
 The Nicarangna Treaty.
 iCormpoadeace af the Baltimore Pa trie I.
 Washington, April 27.
 As it ia now beyond doubt that the Ni
 caraugua treaty will be ratified by a full, if
 not unanimous vote of the Senate, i am en
 ab'ed to give you an authentic iynopsis of its
 pi oris ions.
 The treaty exempts the whole of Cen
 tral America, including the states of Hon
 durse, Guatemala, Sen Salvador, Nicaraugua
 and the entire Mosquito coast, from the dom
 inion and control of any foreign power. This
 comprises the whole region extending through
 the isthmus, which divides North from South
 America—a distance of from ten to twelve
 hundred miles.
 It provides for the protection of the canal
 from San Juan de Nicaraugua to such point
 on the Pacific coast as the company may se
 lect.
 It invites the protection of all other nations
 which.may be friendly to either ofthe two great
 contracting powers, vjx: Gieat Britain and
 the United States.
 All nations shall enjoy the use of the canal
 upon payment of the same lolls, and such
 toils ahall be reasonable.
 may be withdrawn in case of ex
 tion or unjust discrimination in favor of one
 natiou_uv(jyr another.
 No natien shall be permitted the use of the
 canal without'first joining in the guaranty
 of piotection.
 The local governments in the vicinity of
 the canal upon the isthmus, are required to
 join in ibis guaranty of protection.
 Frick Ports are to be established at the
 terminus upon either ocean—and no duties
 may be collected by any nation upon merchan
 dise threngh the canal, under anas pretence
 whatever.
 In time of war no vessal ahall be de
 tained under blockade.
 All other routes, including the Tehuan
 tepec route, and other projects now in contem
 plation, or whiah shall originate hereafter
 under proper regulations, shall be protected
 ind recognized by all nations on the same
 erms.
 The capitalists who may be engaged in any
 &gt;r all of these routes, shall be protected un
 it their completion, and forever thereafter
 &gt;y all nations who are, or shall become,
 parties to this international compact.
 Thus the independence and peace of C'en
 ral America ia guarantied forever, by all the
 ;reat leading powers known to civilization;
 ind far this independence she is indebted to
 he American Republic.
 It will be rembered by all who know any
 hing of the history of English policy in CeB
 ITs! America, that great concessions from
 that government were necessary to the for
 mation of such a treaty as this.
 Her poeseasory rights over different por
 tions ot that large and, in many respects val
 uable territory, (as it furnishes choice woods,
 is mahogany and other kinds, as well as
 Jther productions,) exteud back more then a
 sentury. All of these rights, with the
 exception of her little ancient colony of the
 lielise, which is about 800 miles distant from
 the proposed canal she has surrendered.
 Ii will be recollected that Mr. Polk offered
 sve hundred millions of dollaisfor the privil
 ege ofthe Tehuantepec route, and was de
 feated by English diplomacy from obtaining
 n, even at that enormous price. Now we
 iiave all these privileges without the coast of
 single dollar, and we secure them partly,
 ioo, by the co-operation of the veryj power
 with which we were negotiating, and which
 aolds a possession upon the Isthmus, while
 we have not a tingle acre there. This most
 remarkable treaty has no parallel, I will ven
 ure to say, in the annals of English diplom
 acy and yet the wisdom of this liberal policy
 hi the part of that Government is apparent.
 Emily Russell.
 Our readers will recollect tha case of the
 young woman who was sold at Alexandria,
 ind the piteous letter which the victim wrote
 o her mother, Mrs. Cartwright, of this city,
 l'be whole case, if recited in detail, would
 fill a volume; and such a volvme we hope will
 be written, whenever the public mind of this
 nation shall become propeily aroused to the
 crimes and woes of slavery. It is announced,
 on the authority of Bruin and Hill, the slave
 dealer, that Emily Russell has been released
 from the grasp of avarice and the touch of
 polution, by the finger of the Almighty, who
 has taken her to that land where the servant
 is fiee from his master. She died in Georgia
 on her way to the far South.
 A gentleman in this city, who is intimate
 ly acquainted with Mrs. Cartwright, has cal
 led to mention a few facta in regard to the
 effect of the reception of his news by the mo
 ther of the victim. When she was finally
 compelled to give up all hope of dedeeming
 her beloved daughter from the dreadful doom
 lo which she had been sold, and when she
 learned that the eoffle had actually departed
 for the South, the hapless molhor drooped
 like a stricken woman; she no longer lifted
 up her head, or took a part in the privileges
 of life Her mind was with that daughter
 —“gone, gone, aold and gone,”—on her
 weary way to her dreadful destiny. At
 'length, one day, our informant called on her.
 “Have you heard anything from my daugh
 ter!” “Yes, I have,” was ihe reply, Tet
 ter from Bruin and Hill.” “And what is
 the news!” The friend thought it best to
 give a direct answer—“ Emily is dead.” Tha
 mother immediately lifted up her eyes and
 raised her hand toward heaven and exclaimed
 —“Thank the Lord: this is what 1 have
 prayed for, most earnestly, that if she could
 not be liberated, she might die before she
 reached the market.” She said she eonsid
 ered it an answer to her prayers; and that
 she had long felt a confidence that God would
 not lay upon her a buidenshe could not bear.
 He had been so good to her at all times, that
 she had still trusted in him; and he did not
 deceive her hope. Here she recounted some
 of the leading events of her life to show
 what God had done for her in eveiy exigen
 cy. She is distinguished for the habit of re
 ferring all event* to the band of God, “who
 doeih ail things well.”
 We aeuord this little memorandum because
 many of our readers might not, at fitet thought
 realize how s Christian slave mother views
 slavery as the condition of her children; and
 what are her feelings when they are emanci
 pated by the stroke of death.— The lndpen
 dent.
 No Rrspkcter of Persons. —The “body
 servant” (which means slave) of Mr. Calhoun
 died on the same day with his master, a few
 hours alter. They went, almost side by side
 to that dread tribunal where the scourge and
 the belter are known no more—where roaster
 and slave stand on equal footing before a
 tribunal not appointed by a slaveholding
 President to declare slavery law—where no
 solemn resolutions of Legislatures mystify
 God’s eternal truth—where no fierce, unrea
 soning, blood-thirsty mob can murder the
 friend of freedom, nor drive out him who
 would appeal to their own laws—where no
 Nashville Convention shall threaten to dis
 solve the Universe unless the crimes of hell
 be enthroned instead of the Almighty—where
 the fiendish sneer levelled in social life at him
 who abhors the tyranny of slavery, shall
 shrink abashed before the eye of omnipotent
 goodness where no adulation of fellow
 eriminals, no loud acclaim of insolent parti
 sans no solemn words of mockery in death
 can shield the tyrant from the penalty of bis
 deeds.
 Surely, when we think of these things,
 we cannot wondering why the slave
 ceraey do not mob death, for daring to re
 duce the pride and dignity of the “first fami
 lies of Qiigioia” toalevel with “body set
 vaota.”—Burlington V f.) Courier,
DlatoUM*.
 [From the New York Herald.]
 In regard to these anniversaries, we canuoi
 leave the subject without noticing it in a man
 ner at once serious and impressive. Tb«
 present is a moment when we stand almost,
 as it wore, on the brink of a dissolution of tbs
 Union—a separation of these States—and,
 perhaps, a long and bloody civil war. What
 has brought about this awful state of things!
 What has excited the South almost to a pitch
 of madness* We answer, in the main, the
 action of these very societies. They gather
 in Nsw Terk tie first and second weeks in
 May, to compart notes, hold meetings, and
 raise money. They are all of one side ol
 thinking in regard to slavery. There is no
 opposition. When they meet, they have
 their own way, and no cheek. They come
 from all sections, very much excited about
 the institution of slavery in the South, and
 the wrongs of their colored brethren sod
 sisters. They mix with then*, eat, dnnk,
 pray preach, bing, and, by the time the
 week is over, they are ready to go home to
 their various aeetiona, raving, nark, staring
 mad on the topic, and diaaeminate their out
 rageous and false sentiments all throngh the
 length and breadth of the free States. The
 South here of these raving, and fancy the
 whole North are engaged in them, instead
 of these few miserable fanatics. This sla
 very question will not only shake the politics
 elements of our Union to its fall, but tf so, the
 Protestant Church of Christ, in this country,
 will be engulphed in its rains. The chureh
 of St. Paul and St Peter—the holy Catholic
 Church—is governed by farseeing men, and
 this churefe rofwhcs to iws or medriia fjUi
 the institution, and, in consequence, it spread
 ing in the South, and all over the land. The
 Methodist Church in the South will not have
 anything to do with their brethren in the
 North; and the detestation of the Preabyte
 ian is becoming as universal in the South as
 hatred to an abolitionist, for the name is
 but the same thing. The Presbyterian, as a
 church, is the fountain head of abotitionism,.
 and the day is not far distant when a Presby
 terian minister in the South, or even a lay
 man, if he continues in communication with
 the North, will have to run for his life, or
 elseruu for martyrdom or crucifixion.
 The merchants, men of business, and men
 of property, in this city, should frown down
 the meetings of these mad people, if they
 would save themselves. What right have
 ■II the religious lunatics of the free States to
 gather in this commercial city for purposes,
 which, carried into effect, would ruin and
 iestroy its prosperity* Will the men of sense
 illow meetings to be held in this city, which
 ■re calculated to make our country the arena
 af blood and murder, and render our city an
 abject of horror to the whole South* We
 hope not. Public opinion should be regulated.
 These abolitionists should not be allowed to
 misrepresent New York. They are to hold
 iVhree day’s meeting at the Tabernacle, com
 mencing on May 7th. Tuesday morning next,
 at 10, A. M. Here is where ail political fac
 tions can unite. All who are opposed to
 having our city disgraced, should go there,
 speak their views, and prevent it Xet all
 uf our honest citizens, who respect them
 selves, their wives, their mothers, their sis
 ters and daughters, and of comae, the honor
 and dignity of the city in which they reside,
 go on Tuesday morning to the Tabernaele.
 and there look at the black and white breth
 ren and sisters, fraternizing, slobbering over
 each other, speaking, praying, singing, blas
 pheming, and cursing the constitution of our
 glorious Union, and then say whether these
 things shall go forth to the South and the
 world, as the the great city of New
 York. Every citizen has a right, legally,
 u;d more than morally, to have his say at the
 imalgamatiou meeting on Tuetday. The
 Union expects every man to do his duty, and
 duty to the Union in the present crisis,
 points out to us that we should tllow no
 more fuel to be placed uj&gt;on the fire of aboli
 iouism in our midst, when we can prevent it
 oy sound reasoning and calm remonstrances.
 Anti-Slavery Protracted Meeting*.—
 These meetings will commence to-day, and
 willcieate a greater sensation than the pro
 tracted meetings of Doctor Finney, in this
 oily, ten or twelve years ago, or of the
 jumpers in Wales, thirty years ago, when
 three or four thousand in an hour fell to the
 ground in fits, foaming at the mouth, and
 mad as insanity could make them. The
 anti-slavery delegates, of every hue and of
 eveiy clime, will pour upon us by Monday,
 and on Tuesday they wiH assemble to give
 people a true notion of what free discussion
 can accomplish. They will be full of all
 kinds of assaults upon all kinds of decency
 and upon liberty itself. They will assault
 the people, the nation, the constitution, the
 representatives and senators in Congress as
 sembled, the President, the laws and the
 press. Having dealt their blows upon these,
 till the game is Stale, they will next attack
 the church, then the clergy, then the Sab
 bath, then the Bible, then everything di
 vine and human, throughout the world, quar
 relling among themselves at a fearful rats,
 and possibly kicking up a disgraceful riot, in
 order to become martyrs to their false pa
 tnotism, false, pride, and sincere folly.
 Such will he the plan, the plot; the scenes
 can as yet scarcely be sketched. The house
 will be an overflowing one; and if, in the
 rush for places, the public should become in
 terested and get upon the stage, and the
 tables, by talking down and voting down the
 actors, it would be a case of real free discus
 sion —popular opinion rising superior to local
 prejudice, and producing a good result out of
 the most mischievous elements. We shall
 he interested to know how this drama pro
 ceeds, and whether or not it will be in one
 act or more. A great deal can be done ta
 three days. Three battles otay be won io
 that time.
 The fanatics, or ultras, of the North—the
 Garrisons, the Abby Kellys, the Chases, the
 Sewards, and so on—are equally sincere in
 trying to do what the ultra Southern class
 dread that the whole North are trying to do.
 The abolitionists are sincere and honest.
 They do not conceal their designs; they say
 to the South.—“ God is with ns, and he is
 down on you slaveholders. Abolish slavery,
 fraternize with the negroes, ot backed by
 Jehovah, we will make you do it, or you
 must take the consequences. You shall see
 your house* burned, your wives and your
 daughters violated, your men—fathers, bro
 thers, and sons—butchered before their eyes;
 and thus, and so, God and we will restore
 his negro children and (our colored brethren
 to their equality and natural right*.” These
 people are honest and above-board. They
 don’t want any compromise. They, and
 their repreaen la lives in Congreaa oppose it.
 From California.—'The Sun has received
 from its correspondent at Vera Cruz advices
 from California to the 7th instant. These ac
 countsgstate that the markets continue dull.—
 Goods of all kinds were plenty. The rainy
 season had nut completely passed over, and
 was preventing the transportation of provis
 ions to the miuee. Provisions, consequently,
 were very scarce, and the miners were re
 ported as su (Turing severely. The winter had
 been severe and extended to the remote plsees,
 and it was (Wared that from the scarcity of
 food, much sickness might ensue among the
 miners in some sections.
 Gold is said to be found in gieater abund
 ance than e* er; and that heavy quantities have
 been lately worked out. The continuation of
 the rainy season has prevented the gold being
 brought down to San Franeisco for shipment
 home, or to exchange for the necessaries of
 life; but the merchants were anticipating tet
 ter times as aeon as spring had fairly set in.
 The Albany Journal states that a mechanic
 in that city has invented iron morbie mantel
 pieces, which are di siined to become popular.
 A new paper is to be established at Wash
 ington, in th« oltra slavery interest, of which
 Elwood Fisher is to be editor,
Tm Break Dows Wbiimwi. Thi
 “break-down whipping*, ’’as they are jfeor
 e d on the plantations, ate usually di n
 placing the slave with Ins face to a pout in
 which is framed a cross-bar. An iron col
 lar or ring is put round his neck and fastened
 to the post. The arms are exteoded each
 way and fastened to the cross-bar by ting*
 around the wrist. They are then stripped
 bare, and thus are whipped from twenty-fin
 to fifty lashes and upwards, and sometimes
 as long as a man can continue to use the
 whip without being exhausted, and they often
 die there under the lash. If a slave is brought
 down from Kentucky or Virginia, and sold
 to a planter at the South,and it is understood
 that he has any pride, or occasionally as
 sumes a degree of independence unbecoming
 a slave, or shows any reluctance against be
 ing driven beyond what is consistent and hu
 mane, he is, as the drivers say, “getting 100
 damned smart,,! and must have a small touch
 of the “Mississippi break-down;” and with
 out any further ceremony he is put on the
 post and whipped untill the driver thinks he
 “will not be quite so smart.” And in many
 cases it is necessary to repeat this “break
 down” operation a number of times before
 the “smartness” will all pass out of them.—
 Pract. Christian.
 Slate Suits.—The following it from the
 Cass Co. (Mich.) Advocate:
 Mr. Pratt, cf Marshall, Attorney for the
 Kentucky Plaintiffs in six separate suits
 against seven of our citizens—cause of action,
 for having a sympathetic heart, and for desir
 ing u» see all men have their natural and
 1 legal rights according to tha laws or ihe land
 —is here taking testimony. Mr. Pratt
 brought with him D. D. Hughes, a Com
 misaioner. to take affidavits, who resides in
 Marshall, who acted as Mr. Pratt's Clerk in
 the Marshall Slave Case, in taking the testi
 mony in, and perhaps out of Court. The
 persons chosen defendants, from whom money
 is demanded to satisfy the plaintiffs, not for
 any violation of law, nor for any wrong
 which they have done in the sight of God or
 man, are among our best and most worthy
 citizens. They all, except two belong to
 the Society of Friends, who are universally
 admitted to lie a quiet and law abiding people.
 There is not one among the number who
 would do a wrong, that good might come.
 Wcman-Whippino of tub Plantations.
 —The whipping of women on plantations is
 in a different manner. Their frock is turned
 up over their head, and they are made to lie
 down with their face to the ground, their
 arms extended and tied to a stake. A board
 is then taken, which is prepared in shape
 like a shovel. The wide part full
 of small holes, and with this they are beaten
 on the bare fleih, from twenty-five to two
 hundred blows. After these blows are re
 peated a few times, the skin tears away, and
 the blood and flesh are driven through these
 holes with grelt force and flies several feet
 from them, and yet this is very modest and
 “mederate correction.”
 Females are required to do as much work
 on a plantation a* men, and there are gene
 rally about thirty women to seventy men.
 The treatment of slave women is so severe,
 and their labor so hard, that very few child
 ren are raised on the sugar or cotton planta
 tions; and if they are alive at birth, they grow
 up feeble and puny, and from neglect and the
 want of proper cleanliness and care very few
 become men and women.
 Vikuinia on thic Nashville Convention
 —Out of nearly one hundred and forty coun
 ties in the Slate of Virginia, only twelve are
 known to have moved in favor of the proposed
 Nashville Convention. Not a single county
 in Virginia west of the Alleghanies is yet
 known to have declared in favor of it.
 “The only indications from the trans-Alle
 ghany county [says the Richmond Whig]
 consist iu strong resolutions of approvel of
 Mr. Beale’s opposition to the Nashville Con
 vention. Is all that region to be set down as
 unsound? From the Blue Ridge to the Ohio
 there has been profound silenoe or loud dis
 sent; certainly not one word of approbation
 has reached our ears.”— National Intelligen'
 cer.
 Slave Market.—Go to the slave market
 New Orleans, in the Arcade, on days of auc
 tion sales for slaves, and you will see and
 learn what you cannot in any other in
 the world but a slave market. For it is here
 before you in unmistakable character, how
 completly unfeeling, inhuman and brutalized
 a man can become, and yet be a “gentleman”
 and “respectable.”
 The number of slaves sold here at auction
 is very great. There is a large number
 of traders’ pens, where slaves are received on
 consignmant, and sold on commission. The
 traders also buy for speculation. The laigest
 of these establishments is in Esplenard street.
 They are a long row of buildings, and on
 the front step, on the side-walk, the Slaves
 are made to stand for exhibition from 9 o’clock
 in the morning till 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
 There are often in these slaves-pens, arrang
 ed in a line on the side-walk, from five to
 eight hundred, and these are fine looking;
 robust, stout, young men and girls, from the
 age of sixteer to twenty-five. There are also
 in rear of the public sale room in the Arcade,
 a number of small rooms, occupied by negro
 traders and speculators, who bring the ne
 gros from their pens every day, and keep
 them here for exhibition. This depot in the
 Arcade is the largest slave maaket in New
 Orleans.—“Neu? Orleans as it is
 Sales of Slaves.—The New Orleans
 Crescent of the 9ih instant has sundiy adver
 tisements, in French and English, of Sher
 iffs’ sales of property among which are four
 lots of slaves, to wit: one lot containing 178
 slaves, men, women and chiljren, ranging
 from two years old to mature age; one, bf 114;
 one, of 54; and one, of 147. They are to be
 sold with the estates on which they work,
 without reserve to the highest bidder—to
 gether, four hundred and ninety-three persons
 some of them infants, to be sold in New Or
 leans market.
 BEWARE OF COUNTERFEITS AND
 IMITATIONS.
 The unparalleld and astonishing efficacy of Dr.
 Wistur’s Balaam of Wild Cherry in all the dis
 eeaea for which ii has recommended, curing many
 cases after the skill of the best physicians was una
 vailing, has effected a large and increasing demand
 for it. This fact has caused several unprincipled
 counterfeiter* and imitators to palm off spurious
 mixture, of aimilar name aud appearance, lor the
 genuine Balaam. “Dr. Wistar’s Balsam of Wild
 Cherry” i» the only genuine. The rest merely imi
 tates tlae name of the oiigiual. while they possees
 none of its virtues.
 LOOK WELL TO THE MARKS.
 The genuine Balsam is put up in bottles, with the
 words “Dr. VVritar’s Balsam of Wild Cherry,
 Philad.,” blown in the g lass; each bottle bearing a
 lahle on the front with the signature of
 H. WISTER, M. D.
 This will be enveloped hereafter with a wrapper
 copyright secured, 1844; on which will alwata ap
 pear the written signature of "I. BUTTS.”
 THE GENUINE AND ORIGINAL
 DR. WISTER’S BALSAM OF WILD
 CHERRY,
 On account of its great popularity, lias been
 teiuivdy cvunlerfated in Philadelphia, aod some
 thousand* bottles of the spurious imitation thrown
 into the market and extensively circulated.
 EXAMINE CLOSELY NKroRF PURCHASING
 For sale by Post k. Willis; also by Ws.
 Pitkin.
 GOOD NEWS.
 Chicago, January 8,1849.
 W. B. Sloan—Sir: One of my horses was hoof
 bound and also wounded in t lie stifle, in which he
 took cold, and became so crippled that lie could
 scarcely travel. By the free application of your
 valuable Ointment,his hoofs were soon softened and
 the stifle permanently cured.
 I have also used the Ointment in the case of
 Poll-Evil and oo severe galls with equal stecess.
 *!U jbe i fin er very painful, it op
 erated like a charm. Yours, Jtc.
 _ _ A. VAN ORDEN.
 o®-So* Agents’ names at the hand of Sloan’s
 column. For further particulars and ttastimooials
 get Pamphlets of Agents.
ito e l l i s cm cnls
 JOSEPH C. BUSTiLL, General Agent, Book.
 Keeper, Accountant, and Cooidenual Let
 ter Writer, would moot respectfully inform km
 friend* and the public in general, that he baa fo.
 their accommodation, opened hi* o«ce for all
 kinds of Agencies, the keeping of Btflika, caat
 mg account*, writing letters upon boetaeaa, «e.
 Deed*. W ills, Bond*, Mortgages, the drawmaol
 Bonds, ankles of agreement, Constitutions, bye
 taws, reports,communications, Ac Ac., at No.lW,
 South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, Pa,
 where by hia ttrirl attention to bwiness he hopes
 to eecore their patronage, ami merit their conn
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office houn
 from 9 a.h. to 9 r.l.
 Abo Agent for the Notts St a n, single copie*
 of which can be obtained; and the side of Lots ia
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
 WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 The Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of ail
 the Strange I’henonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications kc. kc., —price, siagle,
 12|cts —&gt;10 copies for #l. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from $l6 to $26 require*, had
 the agent will bo indemnified agai si loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
 Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperaace.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Danghters of the
 State of Pennsylvania .located in the City of Phi
 tadeipM», ■—...U wat respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to gram oiww.,
 and organise Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, $6.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 108
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S. 8. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
 A JOURNAL FOR EVERY. HOME
 THE
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY TAPE*, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Re*
 form and Intelligence generally.
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is universally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources ot nearly all
 crime, and in the eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 die sentiments of its Editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stones,
 Letters from Correspondents, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Literary lutings
 ind Pickings, and a complete summary of the Hews
 the Week.
 03* The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub-
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Arrum, in
 tanably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 ban six mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
 From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Core.—ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Murde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. Wc, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country of
 Dr. W. as a politicaliefugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends hi* remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patients the institution over which be pre
 side*, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON. MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully inform* his friend* and the
 public, that lie has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Ruggles’ Water-CiireEstablishment at Bensonville,
 2J miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 5 from Albany,situated in one of tbe pleasentest
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and alnindantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as targe plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 60 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 16 years of bis own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropatb, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
 IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas, and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and the public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL ARD SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 26 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior maai er than they can get them made up them«
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,60
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks, 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astonishirgly LOW pri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 65 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 3m
 Hair-Cutting and Dressing at
 ZD. A J. PATTERSON’S Saloou, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—8 m
 The Old Cirosity Shop*
 At No 48 exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 friends And the public generally, that he has recently
 edargvbi* establishment and augmented his stock
 of Women’s, and Children’*. New aud
 Secflßhand apparel. In addition to this depart-
 buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed alt thoee
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which lie will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 Dental Svrgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl tor past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to ail who taay favor me with their pa
 tronage.* I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth ot
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. All operations perforated by me oa tb*
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 13,1848. tf.
 Notice*
 FRIENDS OF THE SLAVE, and strangers ot
 a visit to the City daring the anniversary week,
 can be entertained with good board and private
 accommodations at 390 Pearl Street, New York
 A pi il 16th, 1880.
 WILLIAM P. POWELL.
 LIFE OF FREDER
 IN ICK DOUGLASS, written b j himself, to hi
 bad at (hi* office, price 80 cents; new Edit, rfce
 y I. i
SLOAN'S COLUMN.

 OO* All the medicine* advertised by W. B. &amp;leaa
 are aoU by Post k Willis, Win*low k Yooaf, Ro
 cheeler; S. Ken*hew, Frankfort; A. S. Bairsto
 Cb., Lewiston; T. kA. Frye, Brock port; Caleb
 Nye, Pkuford; W. Williams, Bu&amp;io; and by
 mo i fo**g«*»* Uiroufhout the United State*.
 FAMILY ointment.
 QLOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally. ac|
 know lodged to be an infolliible remedy, in every
 cate where it has heen faithfully applied on the im
 man system, for promoting pJ^StieT
 drttwiag oat the inflammation fm*, a wound re
 lying pain of every kiwi, and in ita kealinc
 -lualities the world does not produce its roan I snd
 fh&lt; public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Chil
 bhtins. Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneous
 Epiption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the foce, side, bark, aad the
 P*«* ,h# Boils, Ulcer*, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every knd ef
 *°re» containing the least particle of inflammatioa
 are permanently cored by this great remedy.
 J W. B. SLOAN,
 Orand Depot, 40,Lake st., Chicago, 111.
 DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 Mr. Sloan:— Dear Sir. Aleut three years age
 I was severely injured in one of niy fog* by Ihe
 foiling of a pile of wood which occasioned largo
 running ulcers. Nearly even doctor in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vnin, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other teg be
 came bed aa the one originally wounded. 1
 despaired of ever being well again cm in order
 that I might neglect no means v-.tuia my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge o r my surprise and
 gratitude better than I can express it, to find my-
 SecontPtwx We ore bad finished using the
 These facts I make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to be. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Gateua, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
 ON HIS HANDS AND KNRES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted in his feet from the time ke first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time haa he heen free from
 the tore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several phvsicians; but to our surprise his feel are
 now perfectly smooth soft an !n&lt;e fiorn 'racks, all
 from one application ofyour .liniment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as ua experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recommtixted Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a Uraithy ante, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, Itc.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
 riVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 SHEBOTGAN.Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: Fn my opinion*
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of tlie Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falla, was
 crippled two years with ft large deep ulcere, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Phyticiatte in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing Use swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till tlie
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I rave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
 THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
{SLOAN’S OINYMKNT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 BURNT TO CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks (or your unparal
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, anti before tlie dames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child is
 now well and about her business.—The mtdtctnt is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in thnir posses
 sion.
 I feel {indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28th, 1849.
 For Purity, Mildnut, Safety, Certamty J
 Sand TKuroughnts i SLOAN'S
 OINTMENT ExceU,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 (moments now in use for the cure ot tlie fo^ owing
 I Fresh Wounds, G ilia ot all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfaat,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen tlie skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen eve.y part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake »t., Chicago, Illinois.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan's Horse Medi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, testify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with confi
 dence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. "Every disease which the horse
 is heir to’’ is cured, permanently, liy the use of
 Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test lor your
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May 6th, 1849.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OP.
 Extract from the Waukesha Democrat' Wu,
 May 9,1849,
 "Sloan’s Medicines.”—A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests ns to say,
 that be has used Mr. Sloan’s Hoise Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us In
 recommend it to those who have the use and cam
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and from the favorable ac
 quaintance we have with chat gentleman, we am lid
 to believe that they are piepured with a view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended.
 RATTLE SNAKE BITE.
 Da. W. B. SLOAN— Dear Sir— Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, bad*
 base badly bitten on the none by a Rattlesnake.
 Some ten hours alter, I saw the horse, bis bead wan
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, and we wets astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In lean than one boar tha
 swelling lie can to abate, and in twenty four hours it
 had nearly all Subsided, and within three days the
 horse was not oaly fit forme, but was actually pm.ta
 hard labor without sny injurious result.
 VoufSp nnccAlvi
 L.B. BASTLfcTr*
 Cjucagb, lone 9th, 1940
"
