"Poetra.
MASSACHUSETTS TO THE SOUTH.
 •BT JOHN a. WHITTIER.
 We hunt your ImikLiimd, flying from *laY«ry’t hate
 ful hell—
 Out voice*, at your bidding, take up the blood*
 hou td’a yell—
 W r gather, at your summon*, above our fathers’
 grave*,
 From Freedom’* holy altar-horn* to tear your
 wretched (laves!
 Thank God! not yet *o vilely can Ma»»achu*ett*
 bow;
 The spirit of her early time i* with her even now;
 Dream not because her pilgrim blood moves slow,
 and calm, and cool,
 She thus can stoop her chainless neck, a sister’s
 slave and tool!
 All that a nsttr State should do, all that a free State
 may,
 Heart, hand, and purse we proffer, os in*our early
 day;
 Eut that one dark, loathsome burden, ye must
 stagger with alone,
 And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves
 have sown!
 Hold, while ye may, your struggling slaves, and
 burden God’s free air
 With woman’s shriek beneath the lash, and man
 hood’s wild despair;
 Cling clour to tiro cleaving curse that writes
 upon your plains,
 The blasting of Almighty wrath against a land of
 chains!
 Still shame your gallant ancestry, the cavaliers of
 old,
 By watching round the shambles where humar flesh
 is sold—
 Gloat o’er the new-born child, and count hii. mar
 ket value, when
 The maddened motlter’a cry of woe shal 1 pierce
 the slaver’s den!
 Lower than plummet soundeth, sink the Virginian
 name—
 Plant, if ye will, your fathers’ graves with rankest
 weeds of shame;
 Be, if ye will, the scandal of God’s fair universe—
 We wash our hands forever of your sin, and shame,
 and curse.
 A voice from lips whereon the coal from Freedom’s
 shrine hath been,
 Thrilled, as but yesterday, the hearts of Berkshire’s
 mountain men;
 The echoes of that solemn voice are sadly lingering
 still,
 In all our sunny valleys, on every wide-swept hill.
 And when the prowling uian-thief came hunting for
 his prey,
 Beneath the very shadow of Bunker’s shaft of grey,
 How through the free lips of the son, the father’s
 warning spoke;
 How, from its bonds of trade and sect, tlie Pilgrim
 city broke!
 A hundred thousand right arms were lifted up on
 high;
 A hundred thousand voices sent back their loud
 reply;
 Through the thronged towns of Essex the startling
 summons rang,
 And up from bench, and loom, and wheel, her
 young mechanic* sprang!
 The voice of free, broad Middlesex—of thousands
 as of one—
 The shaft ol Bunker calling to that of Lexington—
 From Norfolk’s ancient villages, from Plymouth’s
 rocky bound,
 To where Nantucket feels else arm* of ocean close
 tier round.
 From rich and rural Worcester, where through the
 ca m repose,
 Of cultured vales and fringing woods the gentle
 Nashua flows,
 To where W&amp;chusett’s wintry blasts tlie mountain
 larclies itir,
 Swelled up to Haaven tlie thrilling cry of God
 save Latimer!”
 And sandy Barnstable rose up, wet with the salt
 sea spray—
 And Bristol sent her answering shout from Nnrra
 gansett Bay!
 Along the broad Connecticut old Hampden felt tlie
 thrill,
 And the cheer of Hampshire’s woodmen swept
 down from Holyoke Hill.
 The voice of Massachusetts! of her free sons and
 daughters—
 Deep calling unto deep aloud—the voice of many
 waters!
 Against the burden of that voice what tyrant power
 shall stand?
 “No fetters in die Bay State! No slave upon her
 land!”
 Look to it well, ye Soudirons! In calmness we have
 borne,
 In answer to our faith and Uust, your insult and
 your sesra;
 You’ve spurned our kindest counsels—you’ve hunt
 ed for our lives,
 And shaken round our hearths and homes you
 manaclos and gyves!
 We wage no war—we lift no arm—we fling no
 m torcii within
 1 lie fire-dampe of tliej quaking mine beneath your
 soil of sin;
 We leaye ye with your liondmen, to wrestle while
 ye can,
 Widi die strong upward tendencies and Godlike
 soul of man!
 But for us and for our children, die v&gt;w which we
 have given
 Tor F reedom and Humanity, is registered in
 Heaven;
 “No slave -limit in our .borders—no pirate oa our
 strand!
 No fetters in the Bay Stale—no slave upon our
 land!
 A REQUIEM.
 Breathe low, thou gentle wiud,
 Breathe soft and low;
 Tlie beautiful lies dead!
 Tlie joy of life is fled!
 And my lone heart ia wad
 Henceforthfto woe'
 That thou sbouldst droop and die
 At early morn!
 While yet thy graceful dew
 A joyous fragrance draw
 From every flower that grew
 Life’* path along!
 Tli* green earth mourns for dice,
 Thou dearest one;
 A plaintive tone ia beard,
 Aud flower and leaflet atirred,
 And every fav’rite bird
 Sings sad and loue.
 Pale ia tby brow, and dimmed
 Thy sparkling eye!
 Affection’s sweetest token
 Is lost fore’er and liroken!
 The last kind word is spoken—
 Why didst thou die?
 Breathe low, thou gsatle wind.
 Breathe soft and low;
 The beautiful lies dead!
 The joy gf life is fad!
 And my lone hpart is wad
 Henceforth to woe!
miscellaneous.
THE WORLD OWES ME A LIVING!
 BY-HORACE GREELEY.
“The world owes me a living, and
 I’ll have it,” says some blackleg, as
 he finishes a luxurious repast; “here,
 landlord, another bottle of prime Ma
 deria!” Half a dozen empty-headed
 fops, who sit gazing on it by stealth in
 silent admiration, hail the sentiment
 with rapturous applause. “That’s it;
 the world owes us a living and we’ll
 have it! Landlord, more wine here!
 we won’t go home till morning! Let’s
 go it while we are young. Who cares
 for expence?” The consequence of
 this is, the pilfering ol money drawers,
 the ignominious loss of employment,
 genteel loaferism, &amp;.c. 4 See., until one ol
 these enterprising gentlemen, in eager
 pursuit of the “good living” the world
 owes him, puts the wrongjman’s name
 to his cheek, or in some way gets a
 ticket for the marble palace at Sing
 Sing, where the State provides a “liv
 ing” for those it considers deserving,
 but not such a one as consorts with
 their own estimate of their exalted
 merits.
 The great error in this case, is in
 the original maxim. It is .false and
 detestable. The world owes you a
 living? Ho v owes? Have you earned
 it by good service? If you have, whe
 ther on the anvil, or in the pulpit, or as
 a teacher, you have required a just
 livelihood. But if you have earned,
 or worse still, done little or no good,
 the world owes you nothing. You may
 be worth millions, and able to enjoy
 every imaginable luxury without care
 or effort, but if you have done nothing
 to increase the sum of human comforts,
 instead of the world owing you any
 thing, as fools have babbled, you are
 morally a bankrupt and a beggar.
 Mankind are just awkening to con
 sciousness of the duty resting on eve
 ry man to be active and useful in his
 day and in bis sphere. All are not
 called to dig, or hew, or plough, or
 plane- but every man has a sphere oi
 usefulness allotted to him by Provi
 dence, and is unfaithful to his trust if
 he deserts it for idle pomp and heedless
 luxury. Oue may be fitted by nature
 and inclination for an artisan, another
 for a sailor, but ho man ever born is
 fitted for an idler and a drone. Those
 who become such are the victims ol
 perserve circumstances and a deplora
 bly false education.
 But has not the rich man the right to
 enjoy his wealth Most certainly. We
 would be the last to deprive him of it.
 He has a natural and legal right to
 possess and enjoy it in any manner not
 injurious to others, but he has no moral
 right to he useless because he has su
 perior means of being useful. Let him
 surround himself with all the true com
 forts and luxuries of life; let the mas
 terpieces of art smile upon him in his
 galleries, and the mighty minds of all
 ages speak to him from his library.
 Let plenty deck his board, and the
 faces of those he loves gather joyously
 around. Let him possess in abundance
 the means ot satisfying every pure and
 just desire of his nature; and become
 wiser, nobler, larger in soul, than his
 less fortunate neighbor. But let him
 never forget, and if he is properly
 trained, he never can, that it is a sol
 emn duty to be useful to his fellow
 creatures, especially to the depressed
 aud suffering—to labor for their bene
 fit, and suffer, if need be for their ele
 vation.
 The servile idolatry with which igno
 rance and vulgarity have looked to
 power and wealth, the hosannahs which
 the trampled millions have sung before
 the ears of conquerers and other scour
 ges of the earth—are fading, flitting
 forever. In the twilight which suc
 ceeds this gross darkness, there comes
 a season of moral anarchy, when men,
 having lost faith in the juggles which
 once blinded and bound them, re
 solved to believe nothing—to decry
 and prostrate all that rises above its
 lowest level.
WHAT I SAW ONE MORNING IN
 INDIA.
 A long but sleepless night in the
 March of 1836, had fevered my blood,as
 one morning, ere yet a single individual
 was stirring about our quaiters, 1
 strolled towards the mountain gorge,
 and had stumbled almost to the top of
 the stetep acclivity before the faint
 flush of dawn had roused the sentinel,
 whose call awoke the solitary pair of
 musicians of our party, a drummer and
 fifer, to sound the reveille. In ten
 minutes more I stood panting on the
 summit of the rock, gazing thirstily on
 the scene beneath me, where Asiatic
 beauty winded slowly before me, like a
 glorious river, whose changeable wa
 ters the eye tired not of drinking. I
 had no fear of thief or thug, for a late
 excursion in the district behind me
 had assured me safety; but neverthe
 less I started riolentlj when, from tha
 branches of a stately peepul tree that
 grew close by, a dark figure, that
 seemed of human proportions, leaped
 with a jibbering cry upon the ground.
 I had no great reason to be alarmed,
 for I saw not a man but a monkey—
 one of those long-legged, brown mon
 keys with white-streaked faces that
 abound amongst these bights; and
 which, probaby little less startled than
 myself, receded as I advanced, jabber
 ing its dissatisfaction at my intrusion.
 At the foot of the peepul tree, throw
 ing up its rich white petals, that shed
 around a sweet but sickening odor,
 grew a magnificent plant of the datura;
 and as I stooped to pluck it* a rustle
 in the underwood beyond, followed by
 an acute, sharp scream, wmch I as
 scribed to my (friend the monkey, ar
 rested my hand. I had judged cor
 rectly but I had underrated the num
 ber of my early companions. With a
 spring that brought to my feet,
 making me in my turn retreat, the
 monkey lay moaning, and as I thought,
 violently convulsed among the grass;
 nor did I at the moment perceive, wha
 indeed I discovered with a degree of
 horror, that round his body was twist
 ed a gorgeous spotted snake the cobra
 di-capello! I wish I could describe
 the maddened contortioua of the mon
 key, as, writhing beneath the straining
 coils of the reptile, it rolled on the
 grass in vain efforts to rid itself of its
deadly r '£ssailant. The piteous gaze of
 its eyes, as they wistfully looked up in
 to my face, was eloquent with a sum
 mons for help "which I was by no means
 inclined to resist. Whether the snake
 bad bitten it or not, I could not guess,
 for it seemed to me as if it were mere
 ly playiug #ith the animal—that fatal
 game which the cat plays with the
 mouse! But I shouted, and threw a
 stone, and then seizing a withered
 branch that lay on the ground, I ad
 vanced to the charge. The monkey,
 which at another time would have, fled
 at my approach, now remained perfect
 ly motionleis, as if it. awaited certain
 succor. But the serpent, aroused to
 the cognisance of an assailant put its
 horrid crest into that hood-like form
 which renders it so appallingly hideous,
 gave vent to a loud hiss that seemed
 brimful of poison.
 Again and again 1 struck at it: nor
 was it without a cold thrill through my
 veins that I beheld it disengage itself
 from the monkey; but far from attempt
 ing to make its escape, as I had conjec
 hred it would do, it turned itself half
 erect, towards me and with a fluttering
 hobble—like the hop of a bird whose
 wings have been broken—it leaped,
 with forked tongue protruded, right in
 to my very path! There was no time
 for thought. My stick was neither
 strong nor long. I could see the veno
 mous eyes burn like fire, and the col
 ors of its swelling neck glow more
 deeply, as it prepared to spring again;
 and I was fairly on the point of making
 my retreat by plunging at all hazards
 down the rock behind me, when a
 shrill, chirrup cry, somewhat like that
 of a guinea pig, was heard, and sud
 denly an elegant little creature, which
 at the moment I was well nigh ready
 to spiritualize into a good genius,
 sprung upon the serpent with a hound
 of lightsome ferocity which reminded
 me of the swoop of a kite upon a wa
 ter-rat.
 It was a mungoos! And now, in
 deed, a combat took place which fixed
 me to the spot in mute admiration; but
 not for long. Once or twice it seemed
 to me that the mungoos was bitten,
 but it might not have been so; for the
 velocity of their movements, as, cling
 ing together, the snake and its foe rol
 led over and over amongst the long
 grass, prevented minute observation.
 It is asserted that, when bitteff by a
 snake, the ichneumon retires for a mo
 ment to eat of some unknown plant,
 capable of rendering null the viperine
 venom; but on this occasion nothing
 of the sort occurred. The mungoos
 left not the conflict for a breathing
 space; and at the end ofabeutten min
 utes the cobra-di-capello lay dead torn
 and mangled piecemeal by the little
 animal, which frisked and danced about,
 with a purring sound, in a perfect
 frenzy of enjoyment.
 As I held out my hand, actually be
 lieving, in the enthusiasm of the mo
 ment, that it would approach to receive
 my caresses, the mungoos, giving a
 bright, quiek look at me, stamped its
 tiny hind-feet briskly on the relics of
 the serpent, as if in scorn of its victim,
 and disappeared amongst the brush
 wood.
 I had forgotten the poor rfronkey, I
 found it stretched out, stiff and stark,
 among the datura flowers. The mun
 goos had come too late!
TIIE WORLD’S INDUSTRIAL
 EXHIBITION.
 The National Intelligencer, of Tues
 day, has anhnteresting correspondence
 between the Right Honorable Sir H.
 L. Bulwer, the British Minister at
 Washington, and the Hon. John M.
 Clayton, Secretary of State, in respect
 to the the World’s Exhibition to be
 held in London in May, 1851.—Sir H.
 L. Bulwer enclosed a copy of the Com
 mission issued by the Queen, author
 izing the Exhibition and also a copy of
 a letter addressed to the Foreign of
 ficers by the Board of Trade in Lon
 don. He adds:
 It is proposed that the exhibition in
 question shall take place in London in
 the early part of the year 1851, and
 I have been instructed to express to
 you the conviction, on the part of her
 Majesty’s Government, that the United
 States Government will be well dispos
 ed to promote the success of this under
 taking, and to request that you will
 kindly enable me to comply with the
 wishes expressed by the Board of
 Trade on the part of the Commission
 ers.
 The above mentioned letter from the
 English Board of Trade says:—
 The exhibition will be divided into
 four sections:
 1. Raw materials and produce illus
 trative of the natural productions on
 which human industry is employed.
 2. Machinery, for agricultural,
 manufacturing, engineering and other
 purposes, and mechanical inventions,
 illustrative of the agents which human
 ingenuity brings to bear upon the pro
 ductions of nature.
 3. Manufactures, illustrative of the
 results produced by the operation of
 human industry upon natural produc-
 Jt&gt;ns.
 *-9*l. Sculpture, moulds, and the plastic
 adi generally, illustrative of the taste
 and skill displayed in such application
 of human industry.
 Mr. Clayton acknowledges in hand
 some terms the reception of Sir H. L.
 Bulwer’s communication and expresses
 the belief that “citizens of this country
 will, no doubt, be eager to show speci
 mens of their ingenuity and skill upon
 the occasion refered to, and to compete
 for the prizes which the Commissioners
 are authorized to award.”
Doctors on the Border.— When
 the Great Unknown was at one time
 travelling in Northumberland, his ser
 vant was takeu ill, and the village
 surgeon sent for; when this worthy
 made his appearance, he at once
 recognized as a quondam horse doctor
 in Melrose, whose sole qualification to
 cure the ills which human flesh is heir
 to, consisted in his having crossed the
 border. When rated by Sir Walter
 for his presumption, he confessed that
 he had killed a good many of his pati
 ents, but he added, with a naivete which
 must have won the heart of any Scotch
 man, more especially so national a
 man as Scott, “Ay, Sir but it'll belong
 afore it mak’s up for Flodden.** We
 have been reminded of this anecdote by
an occurrence which took place the
 other day in a parish not very far from
 Dumfries. A medical man was called
 m to see a young girl suffering from
 dieease, and, as is too oflen necessary,
 be had to inform the mother that his
 advice ought to have been previously
 obtained, “Ay” said the dame, “but
 we have had advice; we sent for
 ye’ll may be ken him, he works at the
 qurraies; an’ he bled the lassie.”
 “And pray,” interposed the surprised
 physician, “what qualifications does
 this qoarryman possess?” “O,” was
 the ready answer,“he drove Dr. ’s
 carriage for twae years, an’ I thocht
 he wad hae heard him talk skeelily.”—
 Dumfries Courier.
Henry Clay. —Henry Clay is seven
 ty-three years old to-day, having been
 born on the 12th day of April, 1777.
 He entered the national service as a
 Senator more than forty-three years
 ago, and, after many mutations and
 vicissitudes, is a member of that body
 on his seventy-third birth day. No
 other statesman holding a prominent
 position has been nearly so long before
 the public, and the men who filled the
 world’s eye when he came upon the
 political stage have nearly or quite all
 passadHo their long home. Napoleon
 —then in the zenith of his power and
 fame, the most powerful ruler that the
 world had seen for a thousand years—
 died a powerless prisoner and exile,
 nearly thirty years ago. Alexander of
 Russia, then a young man recently
 crowned Emperor, died on a remote
 frontier of his empire more than twenty
 years ago; George 111. and all his
 sons have been dead ten to twenty
 years; the Adamses, father and son,
 have passed away, with the Virginia
 line of Presidents; also Burr, Jackson,
 Livingston, Marshall, Pickering, Ru
 fus King, the elder Quincy, and all the
 men with whom Mr. Clay counseled
 or struggled during the earlier portion
 of his career. It may with general ac
 curacy be said that, of the men who in
 the forum, the council, or the field,
 were actors before the close of the last
 century, the only survivors known to
 fame are Metternich, Wellington,Louis
 Phillippe, and Henry Clay.— Tribune,
 1 Wh.
The Prophetic Dew-Drop. A
 delicate child, pale and prematurely
 wise, and complaining on a hot morn
 ing, that the*poor dew drops had been
 too hastily snatched away, and not
 allowed to glitter on the flowers like
 other happier dew-drops, that lived the
 whole night through, and sparkle in
 the moonlight, and through the morn
 ing onwards to noon-day. “The sun,”
 said the child, “has chased them away
 with his heat, or swallowed them up in
 his wrath.” Soon after came rain and
 a rainbow, whereupon hi slather point
 ed upwards. “See,” sauftie, “there
 stand the dew-drops gloriously reset—
 a glittering jewellery—in the heavens;
 and the clownish foot tramples on them
 no more. By this, my child, thou art
 taught that what withers upon earth
 b ooms again in heaven.” Thus the
 father spoke, and knew not that he had
 spoken prefiguring words; for soon af
 ter, the delicate child, with the mor
 ning brightness of his early wisdom,
 was exhaled, like a dew-drop, into hea
 ven.—Jean Paul Richter,
The Sabbath in Norway. l found
 that it is the custom over all Norway
 to devote the Sunday evening to social
 pleasures. Taking literally the text
 “The evening and the morning was
 the first day,” they consider the Sab
 bath as commencing at six o’clock on
 Saturday, and terminating at the same
 hour on Sunday, a doctrine in which I
 believe, they are countenanced by the
 pilgrim fathers of America. Accord
 ingly, in Norway, there is no public
 entertainment, such as theatricals or
 dancing, permitted by law on Saturday
 evening; and the more strict class of
 people will not see their friends even
 privately at that time. Believing, how
 ever, the day of rest and of devotion
 to be at a close on the Sunday at six
 o’clock, they feel themselves then at
 liberty to enter upon any amusement or
 enjoyment for which they may have an
 inclination. Even in the houses of the
 clergy there will be found both card
 playing and dancing on this evening;
 and this without the slightest scandal
 to their flocks— Chambers' Edinburgh
 Journal.
An Indian with a Great Heart,
 —The following from the lowa State
 Reporter, shows what the red man
 really is, when uncontaminated by the
 vices of the white man:
 A Noble Act.—We are informed by
 a letter from California, received last
 evening from Capt. Geo. W. Hess,
 that Mr. King, a German, who was a
 member of the company that led this
 city last Spring, became separated
 from his party on the route, and they,
 supposing that he had been killed or
 capturssd.jiy the Indians, went on with
 out him. Since then Capt. Hess has
 learned that Mr. King after he became
 separated from his party, wandered
 about the country for twenty-three
 days, living upon frogs and any thing
 he could procure to appease the crav
 ings of hunger.
 On the 23d day he came across an
 encampment belonging to the Snake
 tribe of Indians, and by signs informed
 them of bis distressed situation. They
 humanely gave him to eat and to drink,
 and showed him every kindness; and
 after he expressed a wish by signs, to
 join the emigrants again, one of them
 took him upon bis mule and carried
 him to Fort Hall, a distance of 130
 miles. Mr. King had nothing where
 with to reward the Indian for the kind
 ness which he had shown him; but .upon
 being informed of the circumstance,
 some of the emigrants at Fort Hall
 proffered to this noble son of the for
 est, a valuable gun and some trinkets,
 which he refused to accept. Such
 a noble and disinterested act is seldom
 recorded, even among the haunts of
 civilization, and is worthy of the high
 est meea of praise.
Pardon or Dr. Webster. —A peti
 tion is now in circulation in the State
 of Georgia praying the Governor of
 Massachusetts to pardon Prof. Web
 ster, “assn act of charity for the deep
 conunseration of his afflicted family.
3li)Dtrtisenmito.
Asylii for Chf Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic awl Analytit
 An him, No $l7 F.xchangr Street, opposite"tlx
 Orplwii Ai-iUim, Rochester, N.Y. This Instititfioi.
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. 'Fhe proprietor analyses every diseas e'.hat it
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment m
 the United .Suites, yet the proprietor wishes it to f*
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the mis
 or principal remedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class ot
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 otlter systems of practice, and are still unable tr
 walk or stand on tneir feet, awl are confined to theit
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out Etty hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at tliem
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Fain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhuea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters ol
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumption) in
 its first stages, Geferal Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the aliove diseases for the last len years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from an}
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccoss, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give tnat class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their liealth a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so tliat no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being bauefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 *»*y all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back- home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contact. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 tor kpow what wil. tie satisfactory, and it shill be
 duly considered.
 Tins Institution lias grown up from private prac
 tice by the influence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 anid the proprietor means tliat it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon l&gt;e believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much" or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that tliere is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tlie
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing uuless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the number of patients must be limited, therefore tlie
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does lie want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to tie made well enough to walk from five to twent}
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as lie means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 iu the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness ot
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, tliat the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on tlie natural laws of organised matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every oilier dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been lielped iu this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 ortlie proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ot
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured iu Springfield, Mas*.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier Hudson.,
 They warran. entile satis)actum}
 REFERENCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gan son, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr..PoTTER, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse sep!4-6m
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pa thy. ’1 he supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance fVoin the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthlul results for which they labor.
 Tlie following case illustrates this remark.- Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-live years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, site made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 othei*. Site had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half m
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 lias continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to tier health, She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars |ier week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 TITAN UFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 -IU. duce Association, and for sale at No. 31,North
 FifUi-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Giughams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Musbn for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eve Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Lap; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 Ate. Are.
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKjhi, 31, North
 Filth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and liandsome assortment of Prints now
 on bund. jul—if
€«l«red Sailors’ Home,
 330, Pearl Street New York.
 FRIENDS ef »he and Strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will bold oomfortably seventy persons.
 Families cam have private rooms, and every atten
 tion pid to their comfort. WM; P. POWELL.
 May 11 1 1349,
H.lslH’s Eclectic Metical iMtitltc,
 «i 4 Water-Cir* EhUkllskneßt.
 THIS Institution has been in successful operation
 daring fourteen years, far the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who vyr almost in despair,
 have had renewed hope and courage when llieyhave
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agemenu as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 Ac., which produce symptoms oi almost all other
 diseases, with their accompaniments—as DYS
 PEPSIA ,RHEU M ATIS M,N EU RALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and a host of otlier diseases
 arising from the sasoe cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 We are using water in alt various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; tail a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY,
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any otlier treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is not
 the ease one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the wonub,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, tlie diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childhearing,
 which are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from tlie diseases
 incident to tneir sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months ’treatment, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to tlieir families, with liealth to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This lias never failed to tie
 accomplished iu a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
 Such u our knowledge and confidence in thu unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chrome dis
 ease*, of whativer kind or nature, that we will offer the
 foUoWMIF
 PROPOSITION:
 We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire U, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay thar travelling expense* to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, ij
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will pul a stop to cries of empyricisin from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of tlieir substance
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not s|iend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operands of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 hned for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment
 without fear or trouble in regard to their origin AL dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 m every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our terms are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any otlier
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and w"e will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, fitc., free 01
 charge—together with tlie most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P- S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in caring what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed to H alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute. Rochester, N. Y., |iost
 paid.
 References.— Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blac-kstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recited. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine anti wide-Paper Muslins. Also Cokred
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly hi
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities ainl
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Muslin.^
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price lew. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Cotton Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling kc.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 Wadding white and colored Cotton Lap*. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized sugar.
 B r wl Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 The whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and tlie
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of tlie Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large tlie assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED.and for sale at the off) t
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth U-?•
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37Jets, in muslin,
 aud 25 cents in ppr covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women authors, 12J cents.
 Letter to th&amp;jMPe of the United States touching
 the Matte™f Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18J cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salma Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston.—ppT 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery pblication
 is kep constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous pblications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. Jjul—if
“Every Ma« Mis iwi Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title pa gr
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms sad treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. Tht
 whole written for general use and dailyf practice, by
 Julm B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for iiuaily use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Mit
 ral Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up ana bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12J cents.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully givei.
 so that one may be recognised from another, to prt
 vent practising in the dark', also the treatment,
 sketch of general physiology, and rules for keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes,
 means of avoiding deleterious infiuencea, and such
 other remarks as are i mud appropriate,Jor both
 stale and fmalt
The book boa been written with greet care, hi n
 phun, simple, coeamon-sense style easily to be un
 derstood hy evwry person, and hv a practical physi
 cian awl a thorough botanist. We eaa recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a work ropenor
 in ail respects to any other hook of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country,and especially thoee liv
 iag in aew countries ami unhealthy climates, should
 not fail to procure a copy ami have it at all times at
 hand, im case ot sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensi *e and protrnc
 ted doctors ball. Whether well or sick, such a book
 should ha in every house as a safe and sure adviser
 »n lime of need, the direction given for )kimsii in
 •smith cannot be too strictly attended to liy alt.
 Tlie price at which the book is sold is so low (hit
 every family My have a copy, ami none should he
 without it.
 The book is put up in Paper binding, ami can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only 64 cents to any
 aartofthe United States. 3
 QCJ- Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pnd paying postage on the letter, shall have four
 copies sent him fret of postage.
 Send in your orders*, there is no risk in sending
 money by mail, it conies to us daily, and the books
 always reach th"‘ir destination.
 Four families can club together and send n
 dollar bill, ami have four books sent to one address..
 WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it if
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from ff2o
 to R6O will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 oo*t paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y.
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered!
 IMME and experience liave hilly proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years.
 ny of the most disinterested character of its won**
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almost daily™
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which iu virtues first attracted tlie attention of
 tlie Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, ißfcas been successfully employed
 iu a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue oi curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most cases and relieve such as tlie follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful ami in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUB NERVOUS Af
 fections, Bites of Animals. Fro.u Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Bhrns,
 and Scalds, Cramps. Strain*, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local cause*. Cak ed
 Breasts, Con* ructions of tl**' mui
 cles,W&gt;&gt;tui*l«, •Ilingf *4tc.
 Also a l disease
 in 0&lt; Tf* he r♦.
 Wiiiflgwll.'l’qll Evil,it
 Callou;), Vaeknd f (eels.
 Galls oi ulj, kimts,
 Fresh Wound?.' Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfait, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, fi-r,’ s t
 Numerous are die unsolicited statements of pa]
 tients themselves, and ode s ho have used the Oil
 of cures which in tbrniselve* eppeorsi l remarkable
 that were they at all inter.mml ig it pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have lt*k» ordiP d.
 ’the celebrated Ik, Parker »il*o writes as follows;
 Dear Sir: I have pfwribrtd )&lt;&gt;J(u Garbing Oil io
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL Sl'miEßY,
 as a liniment, with ifiarkrd and would com
 mend it to physicians genet ally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings
 and in ail rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. A* a d scut.ent, it is 1 mi-mi
 les* where die febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle of means uow in
 use.
 I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weal her.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO- m
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered*
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has bees
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horae
 For instance, read the following:
 'IV O WNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had far many years the
 care of from oue hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil far
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseuses tliat horses are liable to, I never saw it»
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eoinmend it to the public as the best medicine for
 hoi ses now in use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to tlie proprietor will b*
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 »ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post fit Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow fit Young, 11. D. Wade
 Rochester.
 H fit E Gaylord, Henderson fit Pender son, Cleve
 land, O.; G Ding fit Son, Columbus, Gordon
 fit Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure fit Co, Albany}
 Hollister fit Co, Bnfl'alo; Greenman fit Smith, Uli
 ca; P D Orris fit Co, Troy, NY. July 13—6*uj
BrillsM Periodical Literatare.
 The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North BniisJr Renew, the Wutmtntier Renew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Mugatine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid period!
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise
 A organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black,
 wood and tim London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Wview Whig; and (be Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religions character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chafaners, and now, sines
 his death, being conducted bv his son-in-law, Dr.
 Haima, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. I'be
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is i iddiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals are reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on their arrival by tlie British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact/ec-hawfe of the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES JO* 1849, (iF SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, 93 00 per annum*
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reviews, 800
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 300
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all eases in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular suo
 scriptiou for three—the fourth oopy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with the British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets of
 that work, by which we shall be able to pLce the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can he reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscribers we pey so large a consideration, that
 we maybe compelled to raise the price of the Maga
 zine. Therefore we repeat “subscribe early while
 the pries is low.
 Remittances and communications should always
 be addressed .post-paid or franked, to thepubinhnr
 LEONARD SCOTT «i Co.
 i _ 7% Fultw Street, New York,
"
