"ft map judgment upon it, and carried
 te measure of annexation.
 I think I see a course adopted which is
 likaly to turn the Constitution of the
 land into a deformed monster —into a
 curse, ra'her than a blessing; in fact
 ft frame of unequal not
 founded on popular representation, not
 founded on equality, but on the gros
 sest inequality; and I think it will go
 on, or that there is danger that it will
 go on, until this Union shall fall to
 pieces.
 “I resist it-—to-day and always!
 Whoever falters, or whoever flies, I
 continue the contest. I know, sir,
 that all the portents are discouraging.
 Would to God I could auspicate good
 influences. Would to God that those
 who think with me, and myself, could
 hope for stronger support. Would that
 we could stand where we desire to
 stand. I see the signs are sinister.
 But with few or alone my position is
 fixed. If there were time, I would
 gladly awaken the country. I believe
 the country might be awakened; but
 it may be too late. But, supported or
 unsupported, by the blessing of God I
 shall do my duty. I see well enough
 all the adverse indications. But lam
 sustuained by a deep and conscien
 tious sense ot duty. And while sup
 ported by that feeling, and while such
 great interests are at stake, defy au
 guries, and ask no omen but my coun
 try’s cause.”
 There, sir, is where the Senator from
 MtlMcbuiett* in I
 the measure is unconstitutional, and it
 is a snap judgment. Now, I ask can
 any roan be bound by a snap judgment
 unconstitutionally obtained And yet,
 sir, in answer to the question I pro
 posed to him a few days ago, if he
 thinks that this joint resolution adopted
 by a majority of the two Houses of
 Congress imposed a contract upon us
 which was binding, he said that he
 does, and that we are bound in good
 faith to carry it out, and to admit four
 new slave States out of that terrritory
 by the force of the obligation imposed
 on us by those who passed the resolu
 tions. I have nothing to say as to
 how that question will be met when it
 comes, up and it is not very probable
 that I shall be in any public position to
 meet it when it does come up; but I
 undertake to say, for the present and
 hereafter, these resolutions imposed no
 obligations on me whatever. I trust I
 shall always be reaey to do justice to
 Texas, but no consideration of justice
 or anything else is imposed npon me by
 any obligation growing out of those
 resolutions.
 It is true that by the Constitution,
 Congress has the right to admit a
 State, but, because it can do that, it
 has no right to connect with that act a
 treaty with a foreign nation, out of
 which any obligation whatever can rest
 on this Government. It is claimed that
 Congress made a compact with Texas
 —it is put on that ground—and my
 answer to it is, that Texas and every
 body else knew that Congress, when
 it undertook to make that .compact, did
 what it had no power to do, and what,
 it was expressly prohibited from doing
 Did not the President and*Secretary of
 State send the matter to the treaty ma
 king power; and when it failed did
 not the President and those who had
 the matter at heart, set aside the tri
 bunal to which in the first instance
 they resorted, and then appeal to
 the two Houses of Congress, as I
 conceive, in derogation of the rights
 of the Senate, and in violation of its
 constitutional privileges? There is
 no obligation binding on my con
 science growing out of such an act. I
 trust I feel as strongly as any Sen
 ator here the weight of every obliga
 tion which is imposed on an honorable
 or an honest man, but I do not consid
 er that this subject addresses itself to
 me in any such capacity.
 Well, sir, there are some curious
 coincidencies in relation to this Texas
 annexation. The Senator from Mas
 achusettsin that very patriotic speech
 for which he has been so much lauded
 that I cannot in anything in which I
 may say about those laudations and
 therefore will not attempt it, the Sena
 tor undertakes to charge on the De
 mocracy ol'the North that they were
 governed by the purpose, in their sup
 port of the annexation of Texas, avow
 ed by the Administration seeking it—
 and that was the desire to extend sla
 very. But the Senator from Illinois
 [Mr. Douglass] says that it is not so,
 and he shows us the record as exhibi
 ting the fact that every Northern man
 in Congress who spoke on the subject
 cast from him the proposition of the
 Administration, and took another broad
 comprehensive, liberal, enlightened,
 Wriotic, and Christian view of it, and
 aupp«*ted it solely on these considera
 tions. Well, sir, there had been some
 remarkable »od most astonishing coin
 cidences, and thwsurely is one ot them.
 1 remember reading m the Pickwiek
 papers of another equally remarkable
 one. Young Weller was relating the
 circumstance of his father being once
 engaged to take some voters in his
 coach to an election poll. While thus
 engaged, the committee on the other
 aide met him and suggeated to’him that
 there was a dangerous place on the
 road, where the coach must certainly
 upset, at the same lima insinuating a
 £2O note in bis hand. And, said the
 aon, in telling of the circumstance, one
 of the most extraordinary circumstan
 ces was, that when father got to the
 place, the coach actually upset, and
 the voters were all thrown into the ditch
 and did not get to the polls to vote.
 Well, air, it aeema that in this trans
 action in regard to Texas there is a
 coincidence equally astonishing. Th*
 moment the Senator from South Caro
 lina perceived the necessity of the an
 nexation ofTexae for the purpose of
 sustaining, strengthening, perpelua
 ing, and rendering eternal the institu
 tion of human slavery, that moment the
 Northern Democracy, before opposed
 to it, opened their eyes, and saw it as
 a great and glorious national measure.
 Just at that moment did they see all
 this, and supported the measure, not
 for the reasons assigned by the Ad
 ministration, but for other reasons of a
 very different character. This, in my
 judgement, is certainly one of the moet
 remarkable and astonishing coinci
 dences on record.
 There is another, equally astonish-
ing, on this sidd of the chamber, ex
 hibited in the course of the honorable
 Senator frt»m Massachusetts, who nted
 a caveat against anybody taking a pa
 tent out for the use of hit thunder, and
 who avowed his determination to de
 fend it at all times and on all occasions.
 At the very time thunder becomes
 little annoying in some quarters, and
 threatens to Mpbarass the Administra
 tion, the Senmor discovers all at once
 that the laws of God take care of the
 Proviso, and that it wants nothing at
 our hands. Where were these laws
 of God when the Oregon bill was un
 der consideration? Were not those
 laws in as full operation in 1848?
 as they are in 1850? Does not the
 law of God take care of the Proviso up
 to 49 degrees, as well as below 36
 degrees 30 minutes? Oh, sir, are the
 laws of God and the institutions of pi
 ety more potent under the present
 Administration than they were under
 the last? Then it was absolutely ne
 cessary to insert the Proviso into the
 Oregon bill, but now, that a new Ad
 ministration has come in, and thii
 thunder is very annoying and disturb
 ingto them, all at once it is discover
 i ed that there is no sort of necessity foi
 haviug any thunder at all, and that th&lt;
 laws of God take care of the whai&lt;
 i question. And the say* he would no
 re-enact the laws of God. Whs
 would he do, then? Would he ease
 laws in repudiation and condemnation
 of the laws of God? All the laws ws
 pnaa must be either in accordance witb
 t or against the Divine will. Have thet
 i not laws in Massachusetts against
 t murder, stealing, and perjury? and, i|
 so, what are they but the re-enactment
 of the laws of God Yet the Senatoi
 j declares he would not re-enact the lawi
 J of God. Well, sir, I would. And
 f when he tells me that the law of God
 s is against slavery, it is a most potenl
 9 argument to my mind why- we should
 J incorporate it with any Territorial bill,
 r and against leaving it out.
 f [to be continued.]
THE NORTH STAR.
8 ROCHESTER, MAY 16, 1850.
 a
 I The North Stas in sometimes sent to friends
 d who do not take the paper, in the hope that they
 a may see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions and
 I donations for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 -0 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 e N.Y.
 Y {^Wasted —Several Travellihg Agents,
 B to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 a industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 t erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
NEW ENGLAND
 ANTI-SLAVERY CONVENTION.
 The New England Anti-Slavery Conven
 tion will hold its annual meeting in Boston, 01
 Tuesday, May 28th, commencing at 1&lt;
 o’clock, A. M., and continuing in session
 day and evening, (as usual.) for three days
 Hitherto, unequalled among all the annivei
 sary meetings, whatever their objeet orwhei
 ever held in this country, (in regard to ih
 interest awakened by it, and the absorbing
 nature of its proceedings, there is every rea
 son to believe its reputation will be heigbren
 ed and the attendance npon it augmented a
 its approaching anniversary. Of the man;
 crises that have arisen since the anti-slaver)
 agitation was commenced, the present is ob
 viously the most stirring and momentous, ant
 therefore an unprecedented mustering of tht
 friends of Freedom and Emancipation should
 be witnessed on that occasion.
 In behalf of the Board of Managers of tht
 Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society,
 FRANCIS JACKSON, President.
 Edmund Quincy, Secretary.
 Letter front the Editor;
 The Sixteenth Anniversary of the Ameii
 can Anti-Slavery Society was hejfl, pursu
 ant to announcement, on Tuesday morning
 May 7th, at Broadway Tabernacle, New
 York. At an early hour, the spacious build
 ing was densely crowded, and presented i
 scene quite animated and exciting. There
 were present on this occasion, an unusually
 large delegation of the oldest and staunchest
 advocates of our much-dreaded cause; and
 of the rank and file of our army there were
 many in attendance who had never before
 participated in the proceedings of our annual
 meetings. At ten o’clock, William Lloyd
 Garrison,, the Piesident of the Society,
 called the meeting to order, and gave the
 usual invitation to any who might desire to
 address the. Throne of Grace whereupon,
 prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Grew,
 of Philadelphia. This was followed by the
 reading of Scripture by Mr.G*«tiaoa. After
 which, Francis Jackson, Treasuter of the
 Society, submitted his annual report, show
 ing that the receipts of the Society for the
 pam f or publications and donations,
 amounted to the nm of aoven thousand
 iseven hundred snd nineteen dollars; sod
 that seven thousand four hundred and three
 dollars had been expended on newspapers
 and agents; thus leaving the Society out of
 debt, and cash on hand to the amount of
 three hundred dollars.
 The business being now completed, Mr.
 Garrison vacated the chair, and was an
 nounced by Mr. Jackson, who was called to
 preside, as the first speaker. He opened bis
 address by declaring the objeet of the Amer
 ican Anti-slavery Slavery Society to be ben
 eficent, glorious and Christ-like; and he
 proceeded, for several minutes, in a strain of
 earnest argument, to vindicate the anti-ala
 very movement from the charge of infidelity.
 Up to this time, the entire audience appeared
 quiet, orderly and respectable; and although
 s feverish excitement was observable to a
 practised eye, an outbreak was scarcely to
 have been anticipated. The delusion, how
 ever, was soon dispelled. Mr. Garrison took
 occasion to expose the hollowness and
 worthlessness of the various testa by which
 the pro-slavery churches of the land decide
 as to what constitutes Christian character,
 and in so doing, be had the temerity to lay
 heavy hands upon the great idol of American
 slavery, General Taylor. This was the
 signal for a general outbreak and here
 commenced a scene of tumult ami uproar
 which baft)** a my powers of description. A
 loan sad wiry-looking nan, whom I after-
wards discovered to be Be notorious captain
 Rbyodera, rote in the gallery immediately
 behind the platform, and in a’hoarae and
 thundering tone, asked Mr. Garrison if the
 Roman Catholie church was the only one
 whose members held sieves. Here there
 was a general yell firm the outer circle, in
 approbation of the interruption. Mr. Garri
 son quietly replied, Will the friend wait! 1
 will answer him in reference to the other
 ehurcbes.” The tempest was here lulled for
 a moment, and Mr. Garrison proceeded, but
 was speedily interrupted again by hisses,
 groans and other hideous noises. It was
 now evident that a band of rioters had en
 circled the platform and the audience, both fn
 the galiery and in the body of the house,
 and that Capt. Ryndera was their acknowl
 edged leader, whose call they were ready to
 obey in any emergency.
 Mr. Garrison proceeded in comparative
 quiet, until he charged upon General Taylor.
 This thoroughly roused the notorious mobo
 crst. He sprang to his feet, ea if in s guei
 of passion, and in a loud and angry voice,
 addressing himself to Garrison, exclaimed,
 t&lt; I will not allow you, Sir, to assail the
 President of the United States. You shan’i
 do it!” Following up his menacing words
 in a violent rage, he rushed from the gallerj
 to the platform, uttering furious threats to
 wards any who should insult the President
 He was instantly surrounded by a gang o
 his own fraternity and for a few minutei
 all was boisterous and terrific uproar. Criet
 of Put him out!” from some in the autji
 ence, and defiant threats from the mob, for i
 time silenced all discussion, and completec
 the reign of discord.
 In the very midst uf this, the Hutchinsor
 family, in the hope of stilling the tempest
 commenced one of their plaintive snd heart
 touching songs; but this only provokec
 louder demonstrations and more insullinf
 jeers from the rioters. Jt was impossible for
 them to proceed. Quiet was, however, again
 partially restored but all hope of proceeding
 in order was over. Hooting, groaning, hiss
 ing, yelling and low ribaldry were kept up,
 with little intermission, throughout Mr.
 Garrison’s speech at the close of which,
 the rioters called aloud for Mr. Grant, snd
 would not permit any speaker to be heard,
 prior to their selected champion. Mr. Grant
 mounted the rostrum, and, strange’y enough
 for the champion of such a cause, he at once
 announced his reluctance to interfere with
 the rights of the meeting, and would not
 press his claims to be heard in opposition to
 the will ot the Society.
 The Rev. Mr. Furness now took the plat
 form, and addressed the meeting, amidst
 loud interruptions, for about thirty minutes,
 i Mr. Grant then came forward, snd said—
 The assertions made about the colored race
 being equal to the white man, were an out
 rage upon our ‘Heaven-born institutions—an
 imposition upon those refined portions of our
 inner nature, which exemplify the voice of
 God in the laws of man. It had been as
 sumed that the black was a man, in the full
 sense of the word. This he respectfully
 begged leave to deny. It was a ridiculous
 pretension, which bad been tolerated too long.
 .The speaker then entered into proofs, drawn
 from nature and reason, to show the inferi
 ority, of the colored race, and that the Creator
 had designed the negroes to be inferior in
 their original formation. In conclusion, he
 said, I repudiate this most abpojious aboli
 tion gathering and movement, as unworthy
 the age in which we live, snd that goodly
 land where w« were born. And I entreat
 you all to leave your wild speculations in
 view of transcendental n#gr* «lo»*Uun, and
 confine your etforta to the elevation of those
 capable of being elevated and as sure a|
 the sun shall rise will success then orown
 yosr efforts; while, as certainly as he sets at
 night, will defeat, degradation and ruin over
 whelm those who, in their insane course,
 violate their own glorious instincts, and the
 lawa of Nature and of Nature’s Qod.”
 This ridiculous speech, of whiph the above
 ia only a faint report, though the speaker
 was exceedingly grave, called forth ahouta ol
 merriment.
 When Mr. Grant gave way, Frederici
 Douglass was called for, snd at once came
 forward snd addressed the meeting. Thi
 readers of the Slar will, probably, have full
 reports of all the speeches tnaee on the occa
 sion snd it is, therefore, needless that the
 writer should speak of his speech in this
 place. F. Douglass was followed by Samuei
 R. Ward, who, for about twenty minutes,
 poured forth a brilliant stream of wit and
 humor, and argument, fairly blistering the
 Grant, who had presumed to
 identify the former with the outsng outang.
 At the close of Mr. Ward’s speech, the
 Society adjourned, to meet at the Nsw York
 Society Library Rooms, Broadway, at three
 o’clock io the afternoon
 Thus far, the rude disturbers of our meet
 ing had little to boast of io the way of suc
 cess. They had annoyed snd hindered, but
 had not defeated the celebration snd, as il
 conscious of their defeat, they rallied, in
 numbers in the evening, snd by a wild
 chaotic tumult and other rowdy G*a»«n«tra
 tions, they succeeded in breaking up the
 meeting. This they did in the presence of a
 large body of police, whose oath-bound duty
 it was to protect the Society in its natural
 and constitutional right of pesesful assem
 bling and freedom of speech. Broken up in
 the evening, the Society again assembled in
 the morning, snd was again assailed by the
 rigters in the saost coarse and disgraceful
 manner. All sense of decency snd propriety
 seemed to have forsaken the poor snd des
 picable creatures; snd their behaviour even
 proved them desiitute of all respect fur
 women. Their ribaldry snd obscenity were
 poured forth in shameless profusion snd the
 presence of ladies, so far from restraining it,
 seemed to provoke this vile conduct. Sev
 eral of the anti-slavery speakers, (Mr. Grew,
 Mr. Garrison, Mr. Burleigh, snd Mr. Phil
 lips,) essayed to speak, but in vain. The
 mob triumphed sgain, abd that too, in the
 presence uf the police; and the meeting was
 broken np, the owner of the Hall not being
 willing to risk the building longer in the
 hands of the mob.
 THE VIGILANCE COMMITTEE MUTING.
 This was held in the Shiloh Presbyterian
 church. It was addressed by S. R. Ward,
 Cyras sod William Burleigh. This meeting
 was also beset by tbe rioters, who made load
 sod repeated calls for Frederick Douglass,
 snd were evidently anxious to wreak their
 vengeance upon him. The rioters and tbe
 police were several times brought into col
 lision daring the evening, bat I believe no
ot&gt;e experienced toy bodily *»rm. Th&lt;
 me time |M possesion o€ the pl»t
 form, aid preset *d a resolution condemns
 lory of tbe anti-eLvety movetneflt bat tbej
 found thie to be a poor method of amah
 for the Resolution was at once voted down
 The meeting wap, however, at last virtuallj
 broken op by the mob.
 I have now given bat a hasy and taper
 feet sketch of these meetings, tod of tbe im
 pedent aad high-handed ontragea which tgett
 inflicted upon them. Thee# acenea afford
 food for reflection. What gaft rise to those
 riots! Why have they reappwred aj'ler the
 lapse of fifteen years! Wb|were they noi
 promptly suppressed by the mfoicipal author
 ity What does h all mean! Have we t&lt;
 tefigbt the battle for liberty if speech, and
 the right of peacefully aawmblmg! To
 some of these questions tbe apwer is ready
 and satisfactory. For weeks put a portion
 of the New York press hts termed with th«
 most inflammatory appeals to the vindictive
 passions of the people of this city against the
 abolitionists, sod with partial reference to the
 Anniversary of the American S. Society.
 Among the newspapers devoted to thu
 fiendish work, tbe Now York Herald, Globe,
 and Journal tf Crmmerct, have taken the
 lead, and brews the palm. No misrepre
 •aentatiotm—no perversion*—no carricaturei
 have been deemed too and flagrant
 with which to enrage the rfrntrr—*r‘y again*
 the proposed meeting. Tkey have appealet
 to the mob, in the n&lt;*mq of self-interest, ai
 New Vorkqp, coramerciaffy connected wit!
 tho South—in the name of the Constitution
 by whieh the Unien exists—in the name oi
 the Church—in the name of the ministry—ii
 the name of religion, patriotism and all good
 institutions, to coma to tbe rescue, and frown
 down this anti-slav«ty agitation and in an
 swer to those appeals, the bar-rooms, the
 reatarautsuia, the lanes and alleys and other
 parts and places that must be nameless, came
 forth, to show their respect for the law, and
 their esteem tor religion If further in
 vestigation be nude into the causes of these
 disgraceful proceedings, it will not be found
 that the violence of Abolitionists is among
 them for the mob assembled and commenced
 operations before anything was said on the
 subject. They bad no right to expect that
 the proceedings if the meeting would differ
 materially from three of meetings peacefully
 held by the same Society in former years,
 It is, therefore, to be affirmed, that the mob
 must find responsibility for its existence else
 where than in lbs unprudence and violence of
 Abolitionists. I tbuk he was not far. from
 truth who declared that for this riot Daniel
 Webater and recreant Northern Sen
 ators ought to be Md responsible. It would
 be a shame to Ax we blame upon the ignor
 ant and misguided tven who only acted the
 part marked out for them. What cared
 these rioters fur the church or for the laws!
 They coaid have k&gt; motive but to please
 their employers. 9ut, by whatsoever cause
 these disgraceful proceedings may have been
 induced, it is difficult to feel much indigna
 tion towards the immediate actors in them.
 They, for the most part, were of that dea
 cription of peraona who would as readily
 mob a slaveholding meeting, as they would
 an anti-slavery"meeting, were the same base
 inducements offered them to do so. I leave
 tiiis feature of this week’s scenes with the
 remaik, that tbe fast that bar-ioom ruffians
 and other disgraceful character, nave mads
 i hern selves the especial defenders and pro
 tectors of the chugh and the religion of
 our country, is in a testimony direct as
 lightning, against fed church, and far more
 injurious to the repuktion of American re
 ligion, than all the exposures to which it
 has been eubjecled by the writings and
 speeches of Aboiitiotdsts.
 THE NORTH STAR FAIR.
 have occupied a (fasiderable portion of my
 time, during the preset week, in attendance
 upon this Exhibition, which is now in the full
 tide of successful exjfcnment. It is held in a
 very neat, though rater contracted Hall, on
 Grand Street, four floors from Broadway—
 (quite a favorable taettion.) The collection
 of articles for sale if much larger than we
 had expected to see,find it embraces a very
 great variety. The N*r York ladies have dis
 played.excellenuaeteind judgment in the ar
 rangfement of the Haimaking the most of the
 narrow limits in whiel they are placed. They
 have received valuaMl contributions from the
 Ladies’ Association oi|Pbiladelphia,(and from
 the Western New STtfk Anti-Slavery Socie
 ty. In addition to three, a large box of goods
 has been received freff our Engfisn friends,
 in reference to which flore wffl be said here
 after, and due acknowledgements be made
 by the N. Y. Assertion. We have only
 time to say that the Indies of this city hare
 done themselves marfed credit by their indus
 try and prseveranee infers effort. They have
 contributed largely Ahead and worsted fatv
 .11 ml wkufe S#* «L«.U »nd aU
 gant description. Wtuust not omit to men
 tion that a young colored artist has presented
 to tbe Association several finely executed
 pictures, which are tastefully exhibited, and
 add mueh to the decoration of the room.
 Each evening of tlte Fair baa been enlivened
 by music, vocal and instrumental. Mies
 Greenfletd of Philkdbfpis, haa charmed tbe
 assembled throngs wife her sweet voice, ac
 companied by the piano, while Professor
 Jackson fairly electrified the lovera of music
 by hie wonderful performances on the violin.
 I have never heard a violinist whose skill so
 nearly resembled that of die greet Norwegian
 master of that instrument.
 1 deeply regret lo state that much g!oom
 was east over the early part of the Fair, by
 the sodden demise of MA‘Crummell, a lady
 who had evinced from the first the liveliest in
 terest in arrangements tci fee proposed Fair,
 and who had exerted herself beyond her
 strength to render the occasion successful.
 Her loss is keenly felt by the Association,
 and her example ia good works will not soon
 be forgone*.
 _ I
 ANxivnasAKY or nut uibeicam and roa
 ■tew ANTI-SLavatT society.
 I was ouly present daring fee speech of
 tbe Rev’d Henry Ward Beecher who pour
 ed forth one continuous strain of eloqueoce
 for mow than an hour. He eoeeeedod in res
 etting tbe attention of fee wet assemblage de
 spite fee miserable.’attempts at interruption
 undo byafow of the baser, eon who had
•weooe«d themselves hi the f gallery. The
 meeting was also addressed by Mr. Lewis of
 Cincinnati, and Mr. Ward.
 FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
 MB From the N. Y. Globe.
 M*k Instructions.
 The right to assemble peaceably for the
 overthrow of the government is nowhere
 guaranteed by the Constitution, though for
 ibe redreas of, greviances such assembling of
 the people is Constitutional, and we hold
 every man who aids and abets the avowal of
 immediate and unconditional emancipation
 of the slaves of the Union, to be a “traitor at
 heart” unworthy to enjoy the liberty achieved
 by onr fathers. A traitor not only to the
 country, but to the very blood which he de
 rived his tight to his own freedom—a traitor
 to that instrument which never could have
 been framed, had such a spirit at now pre
 vails in this Anti-Slavery Society governed
 the councils of the men who framed it. Tne
 meetings must not be held even though Van
 Buren himself shonld bring the Buffalo plat
 form hpre for a seat, on which he would pre
 side over the orgies which must follow such
 gatherings.
 No public building—no not even the streets
 must be desecrated by such a proposed as
 semblage of traitors.

 If this Deuglaaa shall re-proclaim his Syra
 cuse treason here, and any man shall arrest
 him in his diabolical career and not injure him,
 thousands will exclaim in language of pat
 riotic love for the Constitution and rights of
 Souih '-p lO HE NOT STRIKE THE
 VILLAIN DEAD.”
 These invitations to M-k, h
 the New York Herald, were so far effective
 as to induce Captain Rynders, with some of
 his “Club,” to attend and attempt to break up
 and Abolition Meeting at riie Tabernacle.
 The infamy of such tmmhings are only
 raa.ched by their folly.
 The right to meet and discuss any and
 every public question is undeniable. The au
 tempt to put down Free Speech by violence
 is as undeniably wrong. The course, there
 fore, can have no other effect than to increase
 and extend {he Anti-Slavery feeling and sen
 timent. By all such incendiary teachings,
 and lor all such outrages, Abelitionism pro
 fits.
 Such papers aa .the Herald and Globe,
 therefore, are largely influential in promoting
 Anti-Slavery action, and aggravating Anti-
 Slavery excitement. The Globe is laboriug
 in its Doughface vocation. The Herald lives
 by pandering to all that is atrocious and vile.
 Alb. Eve. Journal.
 A Dark Basinets.
 We intensely sympathize with our Demo
 cratic fellow-citizens, Prof. Grant, Capt.
 Isaiah Rynders, Hon. E. Sickles, etc. for
 the severe discomfiture they experienced at
 the Abolition Convention at the Tabernacle
 yesterday. Unsuccessful in their attempts to
 1 kick up a row of respectable dimensions, they
 attempted, tor once in their lives, to teason,
 and, being invited to the stand, undertook to
 demonstrate that the negro is not a human
 being, though the learned Professor thought
 ho belonged to the genus homo; and then he
 launched out into the sea of learning, cited
 naturalists, quo&lt;«d Latin, talked of veitebias,
 cerebellums, &amp;c., using scientific and medical
 terms in such profusion as to make himaeil
 ridiculous and excite the risibility of the au
 dience hugely. A person of due shrewdness
 and learning might possibly have rendered
 this position plausible, but those qualities
 were sadly lacking on the side of the Democ
 racy on this occasion.
 Frederick douglass took them in hand, and
 skinned them. But the Democracy wouldn’i
 give it up so. “O, yo i are not a nigger!’
 exclaimed the Rynders chorus; “you art
 half-blooded; a real nigger can't reason.’
 Whereupon Rev. Sam. R. Wasd—a genuine
 Nigritian, ;black aa the ace of spades in s
 deep cellar on a tajny tpii|night—took the
 door, and fairly extinguished the party—
 learning, sciepcg. huua, ■*«n
 wctu uown in a neap, and the audience wers
 thoroughly convinced that if anybody presem
 was proved nephew of a rather dull ourang
 outang, is was professor Grant; if anybody
 the first cousin of t yejy vicious monkey, ii
 was Capt. Isaiah Rynders.—When theii
 party evacuated the Tabernacle, they looked
 as if perfectly resigned to the discipline o
 crawling through a very small knot-hole.—
 Tribune.
 From the N. Y. Evangelist.
 Am. Aatl«Bla?sry Society,
 The meeting of this Society was disgraced
 by one of those violent outrages which we
 had hoped belonged only to times gone by.
 For some days the columns of a notorious
 print of this city had teemed with calls upon
 the mob to be present at the meetings of this
 Society, but little apprehensions were felt
 that the call would be responded to. At an
 early hour, therefore, the Tabernacle was
 filled with an assembly, of whom a large
 portion were ladies. The meeting was called
 to order by Mr. Garrison, who, in accord
 ance with the usage of this Society, an
 nounced that if any one felt disposed to en
 gage in audible prayer to the God of the op
 pressed, an opportunity was now' presented.
 This invitation was embraced by Theodore
 Parker. Mr. Garrison then read a series of
 extracts from Scripture, which he sarcastic
 ally remarked was recognized by the Ameri
 can people as containing the will of God.
 Francis Jackson, Esq., the Treasurer, then
 read an abstract of the Treasurer's report.
 Mr. Garrison, having resigned the Chair
 to Mr. Jackson, proceeded to say that the
 object of the American Anti-Slavery Society
 was the entire abolition of slavery in the
 United States, by peaceable and moral mesns.
 The Society, however, lay under a great
 weight of popular odium, and all manner of
 evil was said against them falsely. They
 were chuced with being infidel in their views
 and designs, with bavins in view th« uherior
 onject or subverting the church of Christ.
 He wished to take the ecclesiastical bull by
 the horns; end in order to do this and show
 the falsity of the charge, he must do some
 thing else, and show the utter worthlessness
 of all the usual and ordinary tests applied at
 the present day to determine Christian char
 ter.
 We all agreeed, he mid, that slavery is an
 svil and to be abolished aa soon as possible,
 this be done by the churches? He took
 ip then one by one the leading religious de
 lominations of the country, and prooeeded to
 irgue that they were aii implicated in the sin
 if slavery, and so could not do inythiog for
 ts overthrow. He was speaking in particu
 ar of the Roman Cathoik Church, when the
 irst interruption was made by a notorious in
 ividual, known as Captain Rynders, who
 sked if the Catholics were the only ones
 vho held slaves? Mr. Garrison replied that
 le waa about to answer that very question,
 nd went on in hia speech. Alter arguing
 hat all denominations of Christians were aU
 sagued hand in hand in favor of oppression,
 ie proceeded in his peoulisrlv calm and cut
 ing style, to speak of all the various tests
 ommonly applied to Christian character, and
 o declare them perfectly nugatory, inasmuch
 a conformity to them waa fashionable, and
 very body was in favor of them. Thus, belief
 i the Bible was nothing, for that was the
 rost fashionable book in the country; every*
 ody had it, except the slaves. Observance
 f the Sabbath was popular, so that we had
 ven united Church and State iu order to
 unish those who ahoold violate it. Belief in
 esua was not a test, for hie praises were on
 very ooe’s Ups. Everybody believes in
 HUS.
 At this poiet tbe interruption began in
 iroest, and a scene ensued which defies ail
 ;tempts at reporting. Rynders and his
 tends advaosed to tbs siege; shouts sod
 tes wers heard from aii parts of the house.
The Tabernacle presented an almost fright
 ful scene. Rynders *m the chief spokes
 man; ho wa#heard vociferating that do man
 white be lived should abuse his country, its
 laws, or rolera. Mr. Garmon kept the floor
 duriof all the uproar, smiling calmly, sod not
 appenng the least disoomposed. A momeot’a
 lull occurring, be proceeded to finish his
 speech in the esme strain in which he hsd
 commenced; asserting thet when s cause was
 persecuted, then only was it s teat of Chris
 tian character, and declaring that at the pre
 sent day the sen-slavery cause was that teat;
 and concluded by offering a resolution to that
 general purport.
 The mob now recommenced their outcries,
 calling upon Rynders for s speech, hut the
 fellow had screamed himself hoarse, and
 wished to devolve that task upon a confrere,
 one Dr. Grant. The chairman then an
 nounced that Rev. Dr. Futnisa of hhiladel
 pbia, would address the meeting; the mob
 cried out for Grant. It its* at last announced
 that after Dr. F. hsd spoken, an opportvnity
 would be given for Dr. G. to spesk, which
 was seceded to on condition that he should
 not occupy more than fifteen minutes.
 Dr. Furnisa then proceeded to make a very
 eloquent speech,in which he declared that he
 did not shrink from the name of abolitionist
 from anv fear of the obloquy connected with
 it, but, if at all, from fear* that he had nc
 right to bear it. Persecution, obloquy and
 danger, was the price at which a man earned
 the right to that name, and these he had noi
 encountered. He a marked tribute u
 Frederick Douglass as being an abolitionist
 for not only was he opposed to slavery, bui
 had abolished it in his own person. He
 spoke of Henry JBrown, and the magical bos
 into which a slave was put, worth a few hun
 th l* ol was jolted a few milei
 l *—&lt;ww*w«*ancea. and wher
 opened, up sprung a freeman, worth a suer
 beyond computation. Dr. Furmaa spoke
 with great animation and fluency; and it ma)
 easily be conceived that it required no Bligh
 degree of moral courage for a man of the re
 tiring and studiouacharacter that characterize!
 him in a high degree, to stand up in such i
 scene, and amid such frequent mleriuptiom
 as he was subjected to.
 Dr. Grant, the champion of the mob, non
 look the floor. This.worty, if we recolleci
 alight, some years since engaged in a contro
 versy with Dr. J. McCune Smith, in whict
 he was sadly worsted. Hia remarks are u
 terly unworthy of mention, being directed tc
 prove from physiological giounds, that the
 negro was not a human being. They wen
 irterlarded with technical anatomical terms,
 every repetition of which caused roais ol
 laughter from- his worthy associates, aiu
 were evidently only made to pass away the
 time until the mob might decide upon some
 course of action.
 When Dr. Giant had finished what h&lt;
 could say, loud cries were raised for Fred
 erick Douglass, who advanoed to the front 01
 the stage, which was now completely cov
 ered with the mob. We shall give no sketcli
 of his speech, which considering the occa
 sion and circumstances, was one of the moa
 masterly which we ever heard. To everj
 interruption from the mob he replied with i
 keenness of wit which drew down repealec
 bursts of applause from the mob themselves
 and which their worthy leader himself war
 fereed to lead. He described himself as the
 son of a slaveholder (and only half a nigger
 shouted Rynders,) and so half-hrother to you
 yourselves, said Douglass. (Yes, yea, wel
 done, waa the answer.) He described him
 self as bearing on hia back the marks of th&lt;
 whip, as himself having stood up in the marl
 for sale; of himself haVing been a refugee—
 as Kossuth waa a refugee but the other day
 He spoke of amalgamation enforced by slave
 holders, of the colored woman who, should
 she lift a band in defense of her virtue mighi
 be suuck dead with impunity (that’s false
 said Hyndeis.) It is true. the law of Virgi
 ma declares that a white man against whoa
 a slave raises a band, may strike him dead
 (that’s another thing, at least in intent, an
 swered Rynders.) jj e »poke 0 f himself ant
 his race shut out from every honorable avoca
 tion, and forced tq jive h&gt; such Swj
 _ —nnu considering the narrow limits ir
 which they were forced, he was astonisbec
 that they did as nobly as they did. All they
 asked was that the foot should be taken ofl
 them, and they would rise—not rise to cui
 their masters’ throats. That waa not theli
 way. They had had the razor in their handi
 for years, and the worst they had done wat
 to cut hair. I care not, said he, if lam dee
 cended from a monkey aa Dr. Grant asserts.
 1 have eyes, and that is proof that 1 was mad&lt;
 by God to see. I k« e a bead to think, i
 heart to feel, and a tong.* to speak, anc
 that is proof that God made me v, think, anc
 feel, »ud speak. He declared that iW war
 his country, and heie he would stay, and v
 it would contribute whatever honesty, integri
 ty and industry could do.
 The speech waa throughout admirable, anc
 the rioters themselves found it so; a flush,
 partly of shame, partly of admiration, passed
 ever the visage of the leader of the ruffians,
 as he stood within a yard of the speaker, whe
 occasionally turned his addrvss to him and bie
 confreres, who certainly never before had an
 opportunity of listening to so sound a speech.
 Rev. Samuel Ward, a colored man, then
 spoke. His speech was remaikably appro
 priate and eloquent, and was received with
 equal favor, but our limits forbid us 10 attempt
 a sketch. The time for adjournment having
 arrived, the meeting was closed. On oui
 passage from the room, we heard Rynders
 exclaiming to his comrades, “He spoke the
 truth, it was all true, and it waa right foi
 htm to say it.” So that, after all, the only
 result of this last mob-attempt, waa to give i
 ceitain class of men, who otherwise nevet
 would have enjoyed the opportunity, occasioi
 to listen to two most eloquent and able vin
 dications of the coloied race, made by cotorec
 men themselves. And we are much mistaken
 if they are not found wiser men for the
 lesson.
 SECOND DAY.
 The sctndalons effbits made op Tuesday
 by the grmmt Captain of the Empire Club and
 his gang to bieak up the meetings of the So
 ciety, did not seem to produce much effects
 upon the members; for some before the per
 iod for opening the doors on Wednesday
 they began to gather in Ibe Library Hall, and
 from the little observation which they seem
 ed to attiaet, there appeared reason to hope
 for a tolerably quiet meeting. The audience
 of meobers got quietly seated before the gang
 began to appear. Perhaps not more than
 800 or 850 persons were there for quiet and
 orderly purposes: of these some 50 or more
 were ladies, and about the same numbei
 colored persons. At the eotnoM nf aa,.
 Garrison some little applause was given, and
 close at hia heels came the “Law and Order”
 party, headed by Rynders. They at first
 took their station around the upper tier ot
 seats in the lobby, and were very respectfully
 quiet (for them) during the first 30 minutes
 of the proceedings.
 Wm. Loyd Garrison, President of the So
 ciety, called the meeting to order, and in
 quired for the resolutions which were offered
 to the meeting on the day previous.
 Sami. Brooke, Jas. W*. Walker, and Sami.
 Macy Jr. were then named a« a Finance
 Com mittee; and a Nominating Committee waa
 appointed.
 The resolutions haying been brought for
 ward were then read.
 Reaolved, That while Daniel Webster has
 most basely and gratuitously yielded him
 self to the service of the Slave Power, and
 betrayed the constitutional right of bis
 constituents by pledging hia support to Ma
 son’s atrocious bill for tbe seizure of fugitive
 slaves, and the punishment of those who
 •hall in any manner assist such fugitives—
 in all that is essentially criminal in •tevehold
 mg and slave-catching be is do more blame
 worthy than Wm. H. Seward, Horace Mann,
 John P. Hate, and the great body of the peo
 ple of the North; for they concede to the
 slaveholder the legal right to bqg and re-
cipuwe hi* runaway slave* on Fra* Soil, dif
 fcnnf with Mr. Webster in regard to certain
 judical proceedings in auch case*, and demand*
 f °y i ur 7 trial solely for their own personal
 freedom.
 fjescilved, That it is tb* highest insult to
 ln f u, er| y degrading to our commoo
 nature to allow an; human being to b*»put
 on trial, whether befbie Judge or Jury, as the
 property of another for it i, not competent
 or any human tnbunai to e o ,en.i„
 tion so monatrous and preposterous.
 I. J Tb ".h*' N ,lh “«W
 ly bjond to do, on the ecore of abeolute jua
 tice and common humanity, ia to declare
 that every human being ia free aa soon aa ho
 touches her soil; and that the question of bis
 being the chat tie of another shall never be le
 gally entertained, in any case, on sny pre
 tense; but this the North cannot constitution
 ally do, until she dissolves the bonds which
 connect hei with the alaveholdmg South.
 Several speakers then attempted to interest
 the meeting,but without success. TheTVtfwu
 gives a sketch of the disgraceful scene that
 followed, from which we cull a small ax tract
 as a sample.
 Mr. Garrison then introduced Mr. Hen
 ry Drew of Philadelphia, who spoke in sup
 port of the fiest resolution.
 Lobby. “Douglass” “Three cheers for
 Constitution” “Ha, Old Garrison, ire you
 Jeeus?” “Hoorah!” “Put him out!” “iC
 it, let the man ask bis question!” The noise
 gradually subsided, and finally, after much
 hesitancy, the question was propounded.
 Mantn Crou d —Will the speaker allow me
 tf mean# by Christian, if m
 Abolitionist be not one*
 LM ?,r H,! “You’re d d
 jWBUy Clmatian—in a horn;” "S-*.*..
 woo dnnkv 40 i4e i
 Th. Report of &gt;h. Tribune &gt;h.u&gt;o&lt;*ul,;
 lhe Policemen then came in and verv
 quietly cleared the place. ¥ery
 1 hus closed Anti-Slavery- free discussion
 in New-York for 1830. ncussion
 Having been driven from all chance of
 ,n hlsCl,y member, of
 the Anti-Slavery Society, ,n the afternoon,
 held a private meeting at the Sailor.’ Home
 in Cberry-st. where the* following
 were inttoduced by the Business Commit™#
 and unanimously adopted:
 Whereas, The meetings of this Society
 at the instigation of Bennett's Herald Th#
 (which are uamfestly m the pay 0 f the
 Slaveholding banditti,) have been riotously
 interrupted so as to render all ordeily Dro
 ceedings impossible; and F
 Whereas. The Mayor of New-Yoik th*
 Chief of the Police and the High Sheriff
 have been cognizant of this brutal
 non, but evidently unwilling to make efforts
 to restrain it, even so much aa by personal
 appeal and remonstrance, to the utter pro.-
 tration ot the most sacred rights, and to th*
 nutriment peril of the lives of peaceful meJ
 Resolved, That we leave the odium of
 these disgraceful fact, to rest upqn this City
 —a broad and black stain; and proclaim to
 the war d, that freedom of speech and right
 peaceably to assemble together, in New-York
 are enjoyed only to the extent that a fowled
 mob cbooae to allow.
 Resolved —That when the profane, tb*
 drunken, the licentious, the lawless rally to
 gether to up the meetings of the Am
 erican Arm-Slavery Society, by groaning
 bellowing, and making the mas? beastfy
 noises, and uttering the foulest language—
 ecoffing at .11 appeals to reason decency
 and manly conduct; and when, at the same
 time, they give “th re S c h eer s for the
 Ghuich, three cheers for the Constitution
 and “three cheers tor the Union,” we sub.
 mit to a candid world whether the highest
 evidence is not furnished that the Church
 the Constitution, and the Union are against
 God and ageing* liberty, and have entered
 Into “acovcnant with death,” and “with hell
 are at agreement;” and that this .oosiy fo
 engaged in a godlike enterprixe, and deserves
 of evary pure and aohl*
 Resolved, That the progress of th* Anti-
 Slavery enterpnae, from the beginning hither
 to amid apposition, persecution and reproach
 from victory to victory, has been furnishing
 con.mual illustrations of the truth that it .1
 divinely ordained that all men must aid the
 cause of right, willingly or unwillingly b»
 the measures which form a love to the nuse
 they employ for its promotion, or by these
 which, from hatred to it, they blindly use to
 counteract it; and, therefore, that to falter
 «?i7 in ur j ai,h 01 ,et d scour *gement abate
 nd aCUTUy becaua of lh many
 amstranons of lh ‘enacious vital.
 Ind*! 16 T* 114 greediness, the subtle wiles
 and teinble atrength of Slavery, would anmj
 lh.l trust in moral powu. which haaCfti
 sustained and animated ua. ,ar
 Resolved, That the events of
 week and the events of the past year reaent
 viving violence of the pro-slavery mob* .jT
 seemingly successful struggles uf Slirert
 for a wide extension of its domain, the d*f ec
 tion of men of note and influonce and power
 ful intellect, who have claimed to be and
 ought to be among the foremost and the
 firmest “to oppose that extension at all times
 under all circumstances, against all induce
 ments, against ait supposed limitation of great
 interests, against all combinations, against
 all compromises,” instead of disheartening
 the faithful laborers in the Anti-Slavery eauae,
 will rather fire them with freah zeal, and’
 stimulate them to new exertions; teaching
 them that, under God, the only hope not of
 the slave alone, but of the country, is in their
 fidelity, energy and perseverance.
 The following resolution was offered by
 Joseph A. Dugdale of Ohio, and adopted;
 Resolved, 1 hat a merely quiet testimony
 against the inhuman and diabolical system of
 Slavery is practical infidelity against the
 democratic gospel of glad tidings uttered by
 the great son of Mary, whose teachings were
 intended to kindle moral revolution in the
 hearts of men, in “proclaiming liberty to tb*
 captives” to abolish the infernal system of
 American chattelisau; the church which would
 sustain ita fidelity to God must not only be
 characterized by an inward faith, but demon
 atrate the same by au outward fruit.
 [From die report of th« N. Y. 1 ribune. j
 American and Foreign Aa ti -Slavery
 The Tenth Anniversary of the American
 and Foreign Anti-slavery Society was cel#
 brated yesterday afternoon in the Broadway
 Tabernacle. In lhe absence of the Presi
 dent, tha meeting waa called to order by Mr.
 Lewis Tappan, who pioposed that the Chair
 should be taken by Hon. William Jay, one
 of the Vice Presidents of the Society. After
 prayer by Rev. Mr. Woodson, a colored
 clergyman of Pittsburgh, Mr. Jay remaikad
 that he should request the attention of the au
 dience to some observations, which, not
 wishing to trust to the language of the mo
 ment, he had committed to paper. He then
 read a carefully worded address, criticising
 Mr. recent position with great se
 verity, and taking rapM view of the pigiti
 cal condition of the country, a* regard, the
 Slavery questioo. He considered it pregnant
 with dangerous results. The time had come
 to teat the sincerity of the Anti-Slavery senti
 ment in thie country. Mr. Webster had not
 taken his ill-omened measures merely on his
 own respooatbihtv. They were brought for
 ward aa cool New-England speculation—
 the cotton interest of Massachusetts call* for
 ibeir adoption—and the gentry of Boston are
 backing op their champion in terms of en
 couragement tad adulation. Mr. Webster
 baa taken hie stand. The court# proposed
 m hi* thunder, although be may get it stolen
"
