"from him, a* be did in the ease of the Wilmot
 PiOTieo. Mr. Jay ooncluded hi* Addreaa,
 which was elaborate and arguraentive, with
 an earnest appeal to the citizens of the Free
 States to give no countenance to the scheme
 for surrendering fugitives from Slavery,
 which he pointedly condemned as hostile to
 every sentiment of religion and humanity.
 After Mr. Jay had brought his remarks to
 a close, Hon. Samuel Lewis ol Cincinnati
 proposed a resolution that no aid should be
 given in delivering up the fugitives from bon
 dage, which' he accompanied with a few briel
 and pithy romaiks. The Tabernacle by this
 __ lime had become crowded with an immense
 audience, among which were a great num
 ber of ladies, and a small band of obstrepe
 rous persons on the north-west corner of the
 gallery, who kept up a running fire at the
 apeakers, wherever the chance for a good
 shot occurred.
 Mr. Lewis Tappan then read a brief ab
 atract of the Annual Report, and presented
 a long seiiea of resolutions, from which we
 take the following:
 Resoloed That slavery still exists, con
 trary to the letter and spirit of the Constitu
 tion and the intention of its framers, and that
 iu introduction into newly-acquired. Territo
 ries would be an act of treason to Liberty,
 and an outrage upon the memories of our Fa
 thers.
 Resolved That in the Language .of Senator*
 Seward, “there is a higher law than the
 Constitution;’’ and in the language of Sir
 William Blackatone, human laws are of no
 validity, if contrary to this;” and that all
 compromises between Right and Wtong, and
 all atalutea which are repugnant to Humanity
 and Justice, are null and void.
 Resolved, That we are cheered with the
 noble conduct of the Liberty-loving member*
 of Congress, who amid threats of violence
 and disunion b/ j fnvpagniniisis are
 true to the ordinance of 1787, and the cause
 of Freedom and Humanity; and that the
 thanks of this meeting be (specially given to
 the Senators and Representatives who have
 so eloquently vindicated the Constitution, the
 friends of the Slave and the Right of Petition;
 and who have contended so ably for Califor
 nia, Union and Fieedom, without compro
 mise, and illustrated with so much force
 Southern aggression, and the comparative
 effects of Slavery and Freedom.
 Resolved,, That Daniel Webster, by his
 disregard of early profession, his treachery to
 Humanity and Freedom, and his servility to
 the Slave power, has forfeited the respect
 and confidence of his constituents and coun
 ty-
 Resolved, That we view with astonish
 ment the abetting of the Massachusdtts Sen
 ator in his aposiacy and inhumanity by then
 eminent in the learned professions, in litera
 ture and in the Cffurch; and that the Chain
 recently presented to him in this city is a fit
 emblem of the spirit of those who bestowed
 and him who received it.
 Resolved, That the great Anti-Slavery
 struggle is not between the Northern and
 Southern States, but between the 113,000
 Slaveholders of the South, and the friends of
 Liberty throughout the country; and that we
 consider it a highly encouiaging sign of the
 times that Anti-slavery sentiments are so rap
 idly gaining ground in the Slave States and
 in the District ofColumbia.
 Resolved, That the illegal imprisonment of
 colored sailors from the North in Southern
 ports, the outrages upon Northern citizens
 travelling at the South on lawful business,
 the violations of the Post Office, and the ma
 ny other breaches of the Constitution by the
 the slave power, should be sternly withstood
 by the competent authorities.
 Rev. Henry Ward Bccoser then came
 iM&gt;on the platform in front of the pulpit, ev
 idently desiring a large space, a fair field and
 no favoi, with several pamphlets under bis
 arm. Laying those on the desk, he said that he
 hoped nobody weuid be alarmed at the sight
 of his notes, as if he was going to preach a
 sermon—they would hear something before
 he got through quite different from the com
 mon run of sermons.
 He intended to consider two points: 1. The
 wrong stand point which many took on the
 subject; 2d. The question which is often
 asked, What do you mean to do?
 He wished the question to be looked at in
 a Christian point of view. He would ask,
 What made a Chrhtian nation? Not the
 perfect embodiment of Christian principles
 in her institutions; forjudged by this test, no
 nation could claim to be Christian. This
 was the woik of time by gradual progress; it
 will be long before the sublime idea of a
 Christian Commonwealth will be fully real
 iced. But we apply the term Christian to
 auy nation that professes to square its opin
 ions andregulale its conduct by the laws of
 Christianity. In this sense, Great Briiain
 and the United States might be called Chris
 tian, for they professed to direct their course
 by the rulea ot the Bible.
 New what is th« radical-essential idea of
 Slavery? It is that a slave js not a man. 1
 do not, said Mr. 13. trip the slaveholder into
 tins definition. I take it from their own leg
 islators and jurists. Igo to South-Carolina
 and Louisiana for authority, add no one can
 doubt that they are othodox in matters of
 Slavery. Mr. B. then read several passages
 from the laws ot those Slates in illustration
 of this point. The slave then, said he is a
 cbsitle, not a person but a thing, a beast of
 burden, and hard worked at that, deprived of
 every human right, and no one suffered even
 to teach him to read without being sent to the
 penitentiaiy. [That’s a lie, said a voice iu
 the gallery.] [l’ve no doubt you know,
 said Mr. B. for I’ll bet you’ve been there.]
 He then went on to show the enormity of the
 frinciple rtf transforming a man into a thing.
 shquld like to see it tried in New-Yoik.
 Could you reduce our industrious cartmen to
 a level with the horses they drive? No. The
 love of liberty springs up immortal in the
 haman breast. 1 have been a gaidener,
 something of a farmer, and of all earthly em
 blem* of eloinuy, l know nothing thtt mir
 paues purslain in a garden. You dig it up,
 out it up by the roots; smaller it in piles,
 bury it below the surface, it will live for a
 month, spile of all you can do, and take root
 befoie you think of it. Bo it is with liberty
 in the soul. No power that does not kill its
 immortal life can deprive it of this blessed
 aspiration.
 Mr. B. then alluded to two important facta
 —one, that Slavery in this view never exis
 ted in New-England and New-York, the
 system there regatding the Slave not as a
 chauis, but as a perpetual apprentice, the
 other that the comparison of a Southern
 Slave with a Northern Laborer is altogether
 ICltactuun.
 It is impossible, said Mr. O. to
 such a system by any piinciple of the Bible.
 It is contrary to Nature, to God, (tor God is
 Nature and Nature laGod, though not in the
 Pantheistic sense,) and at war with every
 sentiment of Christianity. In answering the
 second question proposed, Mr. B. said every
 man, and especially every minister, is bound
 to express bis abhorrence of this damnable
 system, even though he should incur the
 ■aortal hatred of the South, and be exposed
 to the gibbet, or published in the Journal oj
 Commerce. Every man must let it be koown,
 not that lie is an Abolitionists in the technical
 sense of that term, but that because he is a
 Christian, he has no tolerance of Slavery.
 Tbs preacher ia not to weave his fine-drawn
 subtleties, toor sport his abstruse views set tc
 thetorical music, but come right down on the
 Iniquities romp and not outaide the
 Tabernacle, and in it too. Mr. B. drew a
 eatirieal picture of thoee evangelical cham
 pions who first look circumspectly round and
 see where the deni has been an d then let fly,
 and after a tribute to Webster, whose blun
 ders era never mads in bis log ice Or his
 knowledge, but never fail to be made in his
 ■torsi action, and a few ironical compliment*
 to the Journal of Commerce for lately putting
 on a pair of long ears in discuasing the dutiei
 of the pulpit, he concluded h« highly orig
 pal and affective address.
From the N. V. Tribune.
 New-Vork State Vigilance Committee.
 The New-Yotk State Vigilance Committee
 held its Anniversary last night at the Shiloh
 Presbyterian Church corner of Prince and
 Manson sis. The meeting was called to or
 der by Rev, Mr, Josselyn. There was no
 written teport, but the Secretary made a ver
 bal statement of the doings of the Committee.
 During the past yesr they have assisted 151
 fugitive slaves, beside carrying on several
 cases in Southern Courts, some of which
 have terminated favorab'y. One case in Prinec
 George's Co. Md. is still pending. The Com
 mittee have also taken the initiatory steps for
 prosecuting for the freedom of a family of 7
 children and 8 grandchildren. Their hope is
 based on the freedom of the grandmother,
 who was kidnapped, proof of which is abun
 dant. This case will require 1750 to carry it
 through, and bonds to the amount of $250
 must also be entered for each person. There
 is one more case concerning 40 persons, the
 maternal ancestor of whom was a free Irish
 woman. The Committee have had for the
 past year a salaried agent, by whom these
 cases in Court have been prosecuted.
 The Treasurer’s Statement wss then
 read, from which it appears that $1,740
 have been received during the year, and $l,-
 3GO, expended; there areat present in the
 Treasury $530. The Treasurer read exuacts
 from a letter of Gerritt Smith, which gave
 the signal for a set of disgraceful rowdies,
 who had just entered, to get up a tumult.
 Many of these fellows came upon the floor of
 the Church at first, but finding too many re
 spectable people there, crept sheepishly out
 and conrgegated in the dark corners of the
 gaHery. Quiet was soon restored, where
 upon Rev. Mr. Ward, a colorod clergyman,
 addressed the meeting.
 v,u"unenced by reading a resolution to
 the effect that the Committee is cheered by
 the snccess of the past year and the smiles of
 Divine Providence, and will continue, in spite
 oi any laws that may be passed and any op
 position they may encounter, to help the
 fugitive from bondage. He responded entirely
 to the sentiments of the resolution. There
 are circumstances conceivable, under which
 every person present would give his hearty
 assent to it. There are a great many men
 who cannot appreciate what the Abolitionists
 must do, or what the bjack man must feel.
 Bravery is a national characteristic of the
 Americans. [Applause.] Our people never
 showed themselves otherwtse than brave; but
 among the elements of bravery is generosity.
 There have been occasions when the Ameii
 can people have shown their brave and gen
 erous feelings in a manner to do them honor.
 The speaker referred to the efforts of Ameri
 can Missionaries—to the general liberality to
 ward all sects, and to the ready interest they
 express inallstruggles for freedom elsewhere.
 The American heart beats with sympathy for
 all who suffer under oppression. [Applause.]
 The cases of France, Ireland and Hungary
 were then adduced. When reference was
 made to those countries the American people
 expressed their sentiments in a brave and
 generous manner. But when we consider
 the case of men who are born on our own
 soil—who endure such crushings and oppres
 sions as no people have ever endured—our
 ;&gt;gop]e show a different feeling. Here I can
 not agree with them. 1 am an American:
 [laughter—cries of “a black one!”] yes, a
 black American! the son of a father who
 fought in the Revolution! [cheers] —a black
 citizen of New-York—a black American am
 I—[applause]—gloriously black! [Laughter
 and applause.] I am black, but I wear what
 black 1 have on the outside! [Laughter.]
 When the case of a black man comes before
 our fellow-citizens, they don’t feel with the
 same sympathy they exercise toward op
 pressed of other nations. [Yells and distur
 bance.] It seems that there is some differ
 ence of oppinion here, but it is one of the pe
 culiarities of American citizens that they cas
 differ, and differ kindly; may we differ kindly
 to-night! The.esTe people who make excep
 tions in their sympathy; I make none. Let
 any man apply this matter to himself, and
 then he will reason jum WU. m xbolitionUi
 His thoughts would be like ours—and every,
 fibre of his feelings would be wrought up in
 behalf of the freedom he had lost. I am bound
 to take this for my stand-point—to feel for
 all that is done for the Slave as if it were for
 me Sir, we only need to make out a case in
 this son, and we shall have no lack of sym
 pathy. The doctrine of the revolution is a
 correct doctrine—it is sanctioned by the Bible
 and the Constitution of the United Slates.
 [Yells —cries oi “fiie!’\and a general attempt
 by the rowdies to break up ihe meeting.
 There was considerable alarm among the
 audience; one lady fainted,’ but on the speak
 er earnestly enjoining them to keep quiet,
 partial order was restored. Some Policemen
 in the grllery ejected a few of the ruffians,
 and the yells began again. “Sit still!” cried
 Mr. Ward: “if you want to see anything in
 teresting, look at rue!”—This produred a
 general laugh, which settled the meeting.]
 The speaker continued: it was not easy
 work for the despised Nazarene to prove him
 self true to the people whom he died to save.
 But he welcomed the tasl» with all that is
 rugged in it, and freely proffered unto us a
 salvation from sin. In the name of the 600,-
 000 free blacks, and 2,500,000 of slaves in
 this country, we will do our duty to our bro
 ther man regardless of the consequences.
 Mr. Ward then spoke of his father’s flight
 from Slavery with himself, his boy Sam, at
 his side, and related an incident concerning a
 physician in whose office he studied medicine.
 He was not a mean, cringing, cowardly
 Northerner, but a Yioble son of Virginia.
 [Yells and hootings.] He was no more to be
 compared to a Northern doughface, than
 Daniel Webster to a Southerner, and the
 friends of Daniel Webster think it about as
 easy to find a Southerner like him as for a
 Nantucket eel to tow a shad-boat through
 lx&gt;ng Island Sounds. [Laughter, yells and
 applause; cries of “Douglass! Douglass!”
 hisses and hootings.]
 Mr. Wsrd then went on to show that there
 was nothing in the Constitution prohibiting
 the Committee from assisting fugitive slaves.
 Besides, they were acting with perfect legali
 ty in the matter. In the Southern Courts,
 on Southern soil, their agent is testing the
 legality of the tenures by which certain slaves
 are held, and in some instances he has been
 successful. He then went ioto a shrewd ex
 amination of the clause in the Constitution
 referring to persons held to service. He then
 read an extract from Mason’s bill, providing
 that whoever shall assist a fugitive slave,
 shall be mulcted in the sum of $5OO. (A
 voice: “Good!” Somebody cries ‘good!’ said
 Mr. Ward, but let him not be too fast; the
 resolution says nothing about the color of the
 afrfn. Buppo*e somebody should be a fugi
 tive fiona justice himself, would lie then cry
 ‘geod!l (Yells and laughter; the rowdy
 who cried ‘good!’ is silent, and don’t think of
 laughing.) Then, too, there are all shades
 of color in Slaves; suppose he should be ap
 prehended as a runaway Slave, by mi*i*ki»—
 and it might easUy happen—would he cry
 ‘good!’ (Yells, hisses and laughter. A voice
 —“Mr. Webster is black!’) I know Mr.
 Webster is a dark-skinned man, and I’m not
 a&amp;sMied of him—(renewed laughter and tu
 mult. Cries from all parts of the house.)
 Why do you laugh?—because I’m not
 ashamed of Mr. Webster? (Great laughter
 and shouting.) Mr. Ward continued fora
 quarter of an hour longer in a strain of min
 gled wit and eloquence, and closed amid te
 newed cries of “Douglass!” “Douglass!”
 “Abby Kelly!” yells and whistling from all
 parts of the house.
 Chaiimam.—Mr. Burleigh will addreae the
 beats.
 (Yells, hisses and cries. A voice -in the
 gallery:
 “I have friends here and mean to be
 beard.”)
 A Mr. Hill then came forward and read in
 I atne manner, two resolutions about
 the Union, which were responded to by boots
 and yells from the rowdies.
 Hi. Cyrus M. Burleigh tbes spoke for
about twenty continually interrupted
 by yells and cries of “Douglass!'' and “Abby
 Kelly!” mixed with oaths and brsyings. One
 fellow, in the front rank of the gang, yelled
 out: “You’r ad d liar!. A police
 man standing near, expressed his intention
 of taking him out, but some of Rynders’ men
 crowded about him and the official quietly
 cared in.
 Mr. Wm. H. Burleigh afterwards spoke for
 a short time, with the same interruptions, and
 the meeting adjourned, ending another most
 disgraceful chapter in the history of our city.
XXX Ist Congress.—ln Senate.
 Correspondence of Y. Evening Post.
 Washington, Thursday, May 2.
 A very interesting debate took place in the
 Senate yesterday, in secret session upon the
 nomination of Captin Cotton, to be Marshall
 of Wisconsin. It was interesting for the
 incidents which marked its progress, and iin
 partant tor the extraordinary principles as
 serted by a portion of the speakers. Senator
 Seward, of New York, was as he so frequent
 ly is, the target at which the champions of
 Seuthern pretensions to a monopoly of in
 fluence and office discharged their shafts. I
 learn that Foote and Jefferson Davis, and
 others, men of great powers of mind, and
 corresponding audacity, assailed the New
 York Senator for his supposed agency in
 procuring this appointment, with unexampled
 violence.
 The statement is that the Administration
 disregarded the wishes and recommendations
 of the Delegations from Wisconsin, as to ap
 pointments iu that State, and are governed,
 in a great degree, by the influence of ,M»-
 Beward. ei»w— J itotnslCing,
 caiter of a Milwaukee paper.—Such is said
 to have been the case in repect to this parti
 cular appointment.
 Mr. Seward replied to the assaults made
 upon him by admitting every count in the in
 dictment, and volunteered the confession that
 he had been guilty of other enormities far
 more flagrant if viewed from a Southern ex-
 S'sure, than even those charged upon him.
 e had recommended Cotton, if that is the
 man's name, but he had gone much further.
 He had urged the appointment of applicants
 for office in the Slates represented by all liis
 assailants; he had endorsed the applications of
 men in South Carolina for Federal office in
 that State, and been gratified to learn that
 their worth and fitness had been acknowledged
 by the appointing power. This roused Mr.
 Butler. The old Judge, with more than a
 white heal, defended his State from the im
 putation of harboring men who would seek
 such aid for the attainment of thetr desires.
 The debate continued for about three
 hours, and was only adjourned because of the
 gnawings of hunger. I learn that some of
 the speakers, perhaps all on the Southern
 side, maintained, with the arrogance befiting
 the advocacy of a proposition so intolerably
 insolent in itself, that they should insist upon
 the rejection of every person nominated to the
 Senate who was tainted, as they phiased it,
 abolitionism, and that the fact of having been
 by any anti-Slavery Senator,
 or any anti-Southern influence, would be
 deemed and taken as evidence of the charge.
 This is, in brief, the very thing announced
 by Foote in open session the other day, and is
 perhaps about as clear a definition of the
 Shibboleth of office, as taught and required
 here at Washington any lime within the past
 20 years, as could easily be given.
 Gov. Dodge of Wisconsin, undertook a
 defence of Seward from the charge of undue
 interference in their local appointments, but
 in bis present extremely feeble state of health
 he lound it quite useless to undertake to
 breast the clamorous torrent, and yielded to
 the pressure of the time. The matter was
 continued over for consideration to-day.
 Such is substantially the account of yester
 day’s proceedings given me by a gentleman
 who, I have no doubt receives his information
 upon the subject from reliable authority, and
 I have perfect confidence in his correctness,
 so far as it goes. I would go any length to
 •usiain any man. Democrat or Whig, who
 sets himself against the infetnal spit it of pro
 scrip'ion by wWch the negro breeders now
 govern this country an d put under the ban so
 much of its worth; I therefore,
 think the course of Sew« r d on this and other
 occasions involving the sa» e principle, de
 serving of the highest comiw, n dation. It is
 expected that the injunction of s«crecy will be
 taken off these proceedings.
 Washington, May 8.
 Mr. Jefferson Davis presented a resolutVap
 of the Legislature of Mississippi, in defence
 of the proceedings in that Sute in relation to
 holding a Southern Convention. He read at
 great length from the Address of the State
 Convention, to show that all efforts to charge
 that it originated in any desire for Disunion,
 were either maliciously false, or ignorantly
 oeuceived. He contrasted the Mississippi
 proceedings with the proceedings of Free
 Sotl Conventions in the East and West,
 which were allowed to pass without rebuke,
 and which lead to the discontent and alarm
 at the South. The resolutions were laid on
 the table and ordered to be printed.
 .Mr Clay is reading the report of the Com
 mittee of Thirteen. The report contains the
 following points:
 First—l he Committee are unanimously
 of opinion that new States may be formed
 out of Texas under the terms of the compact
 entered into by the United States in the Re-
 Annexation, and that when they
 are so formed they have a clear and undoubt
 ed right to be admitted into the Union as
 States; but the Committee do not think
 that any plan for the formation of new States
 out of Texas should be originated by Con
 gress, but should be left to the People of Tex
 as; also that such new States should be ad
 mitted without any objection on account of
 the exclusion or permission of Slavery.
 Second—ln considering the qaeetion of the
 admission of California, a majority of thd
 Committee are of the opinion, that every ir
 regularity in the proceedings antecedent to
 her application for admission into the Union
 should, in consideration of the many circum
 stances of her position, be overlooked, and
 recommended the passage of the bill recom
 mended by Mr. Douglass for her admission into
 theUnioo as a Stater But thecommiuee aiao
 thinks it quite as naceasary that territorial
 ffovßvnmefita should be futnuhed for the let
 ritonee of Utah and New Mexico. They had
 been abandoned, were inhabited by a mixed
 and unusually varied population, and were
 equally deaerving of proper governments,
 and should have them speedily. They were
 unfit at ptesent for Stale Governments, and
 the Committee recommended that the bill
 for the admission of California, and the bill
 providing territorial governments be incorpor
 ated in one measure and passed together, as
 one measure. They also recommend that
 the bills be passed without the Wilmot Pro
 viso being attached to the teiritories. They
 considered the Wilmot Proviso as applied to
 these territories ft mere abstraction.
 Third—The Committee report as an ad
 ditional section to the California and Terri
 torial bill, a provision determining the bound
 aries of New Mexico and Texas, as follows.
 The boundaries of Texts stall be the Rio
 Grande, up to a point 20 MS** north of El
 Paso del Norte—thenoe the line shall run
 due north alon the one hundredth parallel of
 longitude till it strikes the Red River, and
 this line of longitude shall be the eastern
 boundary of Mew Mexico.—This line in
 elude* within New Mexico, the town of
 Santa Fe and a large portion of the disputed
 territory, for which the bill proposes to psy
 -—millions of dollars in stocks, at half yearly
 interest, tne principle to be paid at the ehd of
 14 yeate. It w supposed that the sum agreed
 upon will be from six to ten millions.
 Fouith—The Committee reported a section
 to be added to Mr. Masoas's bill, in delation
 to Fagii}*e Sieves. It
 Provides—“ That every master, before he
 goes into another State to recover hit alive,
 shall go before feme competent tribwel.eod
establish the fact of property, a«d of tbe dee
 aription of the slave, and with tbeae facta
 attested by a competent record, and upor
 presenting them to an officer the slave shelf b&lt;
 deliveied up to him. Abo, that if the alavi
 declares his freedom, he shall hare a trial foi
 hia freedom, on return to the State Iron
 whence lid had escaped.”
 Fifth.—That Slavery ought not to be ah
 oliahed in the District of CoUmbia.
 Sixth.—The majority of the Uaromitte*
 report a bill for tbe suppression of the slaw
 trade in tbe District of Columbia upon th&lt;
 model of the law lately enforeM in Maryland
 (The report ia very voluminous and oc
 cupied more than an hour in trading.)
 Mr. Clay moved to make t|t hill the spe
 cial order lor to-tnoTrow, Tt eday. He ob
 jected that bills take regti »r place on the
 calender. The Report shot ibe printed,
 Mr. Foote said that if th report be laid
 on the table to-morraw tha would obviate
 difficulty.
 Mr. Turney—No; it won’|obviate the diffi
 culty.
 Mr. Clemens gave notice of an amewd
 ment—to come in at the end »f the bill for
 admission of California—that he Hoe of tt,
 30 shall be the Southern boundary of the
 State of California.—He asked that the Cal
 ifornia and Territorial bills be ordered to be
 printed. Mr- Clay moved to print the bill
 for the suppression of the slave trade. Mr.
 Phelps, one of the committee, acid he did
 not agree with the committee, except on the
 conclusion to be drawn from the resolutieaeel
 annexation of Texas. Mr. Maaeo, one of the
 committee, said that he was so unlortnette
 to differ from ihfe committee, upon nearly all
 questions reported upon hyju. Mr- Cooper
 ne agreed with the committee upon
 several points, but differed on several, par
 ticularly with the reasons and argument ol
 the roport. Mr. Downs, one of the commit
 tee, expensed his dissent from tbe report en
 all grounds, particularly upon admitting
 California with her present boundary. Mr.
 Berrien, one of the committee, differed from
 the report of the committee on nearly all the
 points. He could not consent to admitting
 California with her present boundaries, or
 with two representatives in the House of
 Representatives. Mr. Mangura, one of tin
 committee, said he differed from the result
 of committee on the number of inhabitants to
 be admitted, and that there was an Mmpera
 tive necessity for a State Government. He
 denied all these assumed facts—[o®t de
 spatch is obscure here, but we beliete tbs
 is its meaning.]
 Mr. Clay denied the justice of pounci*?
 on a report before its contents were know
 perfectly. Mt. Foote said he would support
 •he report of the committee if it conMintd
 anything more than Mr. Clay’s resolution*,
 and they bad been condemned long age. He
 should not support it.
 Mr Borland opposed the whole affair.
 Mr. Hale hoped the South would Mind
 firm in its opposition, but he was very much
 afraid the opposition was s mere feint.
 Mr. Houston advocated the motion to print,
 was in favor of Compromise and Unioo, and
 wanted to read the report before he madr up
 his mind.
 Mr. Cass said that the report shouM he
 examined before it was condemned. He
 would support it as a whole measure.
 Mr. Dickinson said that he was in fr ir of
 printing the report. As a whole measui i the
 matter had his hearty concurrence. Hi had
 resented to the report, though the reas sing
 was not his own. He had consented tTthe
 conclusions of tbe report to which the com
 mittee had arrived, though he would have
 Irawn the reasoning differently; he bould
 lupport the bills reported because of the cir
 tumsiancea, while we was free to adml they
 were very different from what he would have
 Irawn himself.
 Mr. Jefferson Davis said he was willing
 he report should be printed, but he was pre
 tared to vote against it.
 Mr. Bright said he would support the
 neasure as s whole, but if it could uoi be
 tarried he would go for the admission of Cal
 foinia at the earliest moment.
 The Bill aud Report were then ordered te
 ie printed, and the Senate adj.
House of Representatives.
 Washington May 8, 1850
 Mr. Wilmot, (fiee soil,) of Pennsylvania
 asked that the committee take up the CUifor
 uia message, to enable him to make some re*
 marks.
 By the unanimous consent of the House,
 the census bill was laid aside.
 CALIFORNIA—SPEECH OF MR. WILMOT.
 The members crowd around the ganlhmao,
 and the confusion which prevails, suiudes
 into respectful attention.
 Mr. VV ilmut said that the debate— in the
 subject of the admission of California and
 questions; connected with it, had illhs
 judgement produced wonderful results. sThe
 settled and fixed purpose of the Soupern
 men have been disclosed. There wasfcow
 no ioohn for doubt as to the termination of
 the conflict. It was to extend slaverytver
 the territories. If there was any rood for
 doubt hetetofore, these was doubt no loiter.
 There was no question more fraughtwitb
 consequences than the ultimate deciei4 of
 that now in hand and which is to defenne
 the character and position of the Sou Tern
 portion of the country. It will settle anchor
 question—namely, whether the government
 is to be administered in this which rave
 it birth or whether an aristocracy bases on
 slave property and slave representation, i mil
 control it. In this aspect it has been vit red
 by the South, on the part of Southern len
 bordering almost on madness. They ire
 bound by no sacred ties to the Union; but ire
 banded together as one man for the ac&lt; m
 plishment of their object and that is, .the rr
 petuation of slavery. There is no disgi ie.
 The existence of the Union, and the stab ty
 of the government, is threatened by the So h
 In his judgement, their spirit of thfesiedhg
 and defiance must be resisted, or (he Nspth
 are ret test of slaves. What, beaded,
 shall the line of our duty be prescribed idder
 the pressure of treasonable threats* Stall
 we be told what we shall or shall not do, at
 the peril of the existence of the governaent
 itselt? If we submit to this any longer, eur
 freedom here and the fuudamental principles
 of the constitution are undermined. The
 rights of the majority must be respected,or
 we are the vilest of slaves. These gende
 men not only assume to interpret the coMti*
 tution for us, but to dictate our- line ofrftnw.
 "Congress may admit new States,” is
 clear and unequivocal language of the con
 stitution; and yet we are told if we prMMke
 to exercise this clear and admitted power
 without making certain concessions to slave*
 ry, measuies of a revolutionary chmettr
 will be resorted to, and the ordinary satfHbs
 of government w ithheld, and the ye* and
 naya called, in defiance of parliamentary law
 and usage,, until the end of the present *sak&gt;n
 of Congress. Is this the position in sfiieh
 freemen must !&gt;e placed or as sis vet* be
 taught their duties and obligations? Shall
 the acknowledge power of this government
 be exercised, or shall a band of oonapfetow
 set it at defiance? On the question of CkU
 iornia, this defiance is hurled in our tseth.
 He had made up his mind not to obey. It
 sounds like the crack of the whip. He who
 submits is better fitted for the plantation thsn
 for service in this Hall. [A voice— 1 “Tbat’e
 true.”} What! Is not this aristocracy of
 slaveholdets content with their share of pow*
 er under the constitution without daiming
 absolute control of the government! Whti
 is more arbitrary and improper than to *sk»
 the existence ot this government depend on
 the scquiesoence in the behests of a minority?
 The South say that there is no power W pass
 the proviso—the North think .th ire is. The
 latter find their opinions fortified. We be
 lieve, under God, that it it our duty to paaa a
 prohibition against slavery, and yet we are
 told if we dare to do the government mast be
 overthrown. 11 the power to yule should be
 given to the minority, Mus would be s dee*
 The fleet slatedhbMt of South Cue.
oliiut (Mx. Calhoun) scorned all inspection.
 ,1 Ho marched up to the object and t -opened
 amendments to th« constitution, to pUce the
 1 1 government in the hands of a minority. The
 i object could be seen and understood. De
 mands are now made upon ua more objec
 tionable. If the great fundamental princi
 ples are to he subverted, let it be put down
 in writing. Let our masters print it in the
 constitution. Is this the tenure by which
 we bold our libeities? and is the government
 to be preserved, by submitting to certain in
 terpretations of gentlemen who strive to fotoc
 them on us? I want to see whether the free
 men of the North will dare to stand up to a
 conscientious discharge of their duty, and
 whether this position of the South is to drive
 mss form a position deliberately assumed?
 Whatever may be tbe fact now, time wa«
 when the North were united on this'queAion.
 When we assembled in December last, I be
 lieved there were not five individuals who
 were in favor of mixing up California with
 other questions; there was then but one sen
 timent at the North. Its admission was de
 manded by an unanimous voice. Here the
 North were to take a firm stand, and were
 not to be driven from it by threats, nor sedu
 ced by promises. How stands the matter to
 day? God only knows. But, if the declara
 tion of the South can be relied on, the friends
 of California are in a minority. She is to be
 eoapunuaed, and the terms of her admission
 is the extension cf slavery over the territories.
 I trust in God this will not be done. If the
 North prove recreant on this question, where,
 tm me ask, do they propose to make manful
 lesislMee against the threats and the exorbi
 tant demands of the slave power? The out
 posts of the North are all abandoned, and
 we are called upon to make an unconditional
 surrender. They arc &lt;ln*«u off by threats
 and political preferment. The ranks are di
 vided—Uie forces broken, until there is dan
 ger of general rout. The alltea of alavery at
 the North all at once discovered that the agi
 tation was premature and abandonad their at
 tachment to freedom and the proviso. He re
 ferred to the change of position on the part
 of gertlemen, among them to Mr. Broad
 head, of Pennsylvania, not now inCongress,
 who was now a travelling missionary in the
 cause of the Sooth. He said that the dodge
 was not original with Mr. Webster, and he
 did not think it fair in Massachusetts to run
 sway with all the new inventions.
 Mr. McClernand, (dem.) of Illinois, ask
 ed whether Mr. Broadhead ever voted for
 the proviso.
 Mr. Wilmot—He did not.
 Mr. McClernand—But often voted against
 it?.
 Mr. Wilmot—When the proviso was of
 fered Broadhead went home—Pennsylvania
 was then united. All the Pennsylvania del
 egation voted for it, except Broadhead and
 liigersoll, who were not heie. He referred
 to the proviso offered to the uvo million ‘bill
 in 1846.
 Mr. Stephens, (whig) of Georgia—did
 not Mr. Broadhead vote for the Missouri
 compromise as applicable to the tetritories?
 Mr. Wilmot—l have not referred to the
 votes; I predicated my remarks on speeches
 made in this hail. The progress in this
 defection was gradual. The South told then
 allies that they must wear the cloak no long
 er. The presidential election came on.
 The South with characteristic arrogance,
 said they would support no man who gave
 the least countenance to the proviso. Every
 othei party consideration' sunk in insignifi
 cance. They made the candidate of tbe
 Northwest speak and put words into his
 mouth in the shape of the Nicholson letter.
 This was the first time any man assumed the
 ground that the proviso was unconatitution
 al.
 A V oice—Mr. Dallas assumes that ground.
 Mr. Wilmot—lf so, it has escaped my
 recollection. We hear much said about ag
 gression by the North. I charge 4hat the
 South tempt our men beyond their strength.
 They lead them to a high mountaia and
 show them the principalities and powers of
 the world, and they fall down and worship.
 This is aggression of the deepest dye. He
 then insisted that slavery was aristocratic,
 and that the press was under the tyranny ol
 of the elevehoklora. Notwithstanding Ihe
 present state of things, the men are now be
 ing born who are to wreet the government
 frotq the control of the South, and fulfil the
 high destiny of democracy. He was a friend
 of party orga nation, and would asfiimly re
 sist slavery as he had heretofore monopolies.
 He would follow no organization based on
 slavery extension He insisted that the soil
 of the territories, if we are to believe the ac
 counte of it, can support slavery, and South
 ern men had declared that they would take
 their slaves thither. Further remarks were
 made by him.
 Mr. Winthrop, (whig,) of Massachu
 setts, obtained the floor.
 The Chairman said he would be entitled to
 the floor when the President’s message should
 again be taken up.

 The New York Herald.-i-We slated in
 a former article, that the inititulion of tha
 South had no advooates north of Mason and
 Dixon’s Line. But Ibis remark Bhould be
 qualified; for though the New York Herald
 is not an advocate of dur sieve institution, yet
 that fearless and able journal has ever stood
 forth as thS defender of the South againet the
 violence and injustice of the North, and in
 this respect the Here/d has taken aud main
 tains a position that no other journal at tbe
 North has dared to assume, or probably
 could have assumed without being crushed by
 the overwhelmicg public opinion of the coun
 try. But the Herald always received a larg
 er share of its support at the South than any
 other Northern paper, and in this crisis, it is
 but justice that its pstronage should be etill
 more widely extended amongst us.—'Galves
 ton (Texas) News.
USES OF THE WJJLD CHERRY.
 The Plain tie LI (N«w Jersey) Union of Sept. 28,
 1848. says:—
 The Wild Cherry Tree has been kaown for ages
 to be a most valuable and efficacious remedy for
 Coughs, Colds, Asthma and Consumption—and
 combined as i his Balsam is, with other valuable
 vegetable extracts by a skilful physican, Dr. Wis
 tar, it must of course be a highly efficacious remedy.
 Such, we baye often been informed by those who
 have used it, it is, and we are not therefore sur;
 prised that it is in greater demand for the diseases
 named, than any medicine now sold in this vicinity.
 DOES AN* ON* DOUBT THE EFfICACY OF THIS
 MEDICINE?
 We do not ask the public to rely solely upon re
 commendations produced from States far distant,
 where the persons cannot be known; but haviug
 testimony from every State in the Union, we would
 respectfully invite ail persons interested t-» call at
 188 Washington street, .Boston, Mass., and ex
 amine for themselves the many thousand testimon
 ials, from persona all over the country, who have
 been benefit ted or cured by this invaluable medicine.
 Beware etf Cdbaterfcitf and Imitations, Syrups,
 and all and all other preparations of Wild Cherry,
 Remember they only imitate in name without pos
 sessing (be virtues. Buy none but the genuine Dr.
 Winter’s Balsam of Wild Cherry, with the written
 signature of I. BUTTS on the wrapper.
 Prepared and sold. Wholesale and Me tail, by
 Seth W. Fowle, 188 Washington street, Boston,
 Maes*
 For Post k Willis; also by Wh
 Pitkin.
THE WAY TO CURE.
 Marenjo, McHenry co., March 29, 1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan—Sir: In March 1848, my
 Mother was .so seriously afflicted with inflamma
 tory Rheumatism that she could scarcely bear to he
 moved. Lest than two boxes of your vWible
 Ointment enabled her tc do the bouse work. And
 about ten years ngo sbe bad another attack, we ap
 plied the Ointment two or there timet, end now she
 is to all appearances effectually cured.]
 Ooe of my botses fore legs; was very.
 from the hoof to the body, one and a half box of
 yenr Ointment rured the horse; and another horse
 wae taken lame in one of his gmnbriel joint*— it
 swelled remark sbly above and below, the horse was
 by Ihe hk of Oim» .owl i»'. JTZT
 ,-^K.rSir w "y^
 remarkable cures. ours with respect,
 SAL4B UHATF ELD.
 Certified to by Owti* Chatfizld *od |f Am
 TH* COLEMAN,
 tbs '.head of Sloan’s
 -J-wma
boe 1 1 i 0 ttn tn 1 0
JOSEPH C. BUST ILL, Genera! Agent, Book-
 Keeper, Accountant, and Confidential Let
 ter Writer, would moot respectfully inform his
 friends and the public in general, that he has for
 their accommodation, opened his office for all
 kinds of Agencies, the keeping of Books, cast
 ing accounts, writing letters upon business, Ac.
 Deeds, Wills, Bonds, Mortgages, the drawing of
 Bonds, articles of agreement, Constitutions, bye
 laws, reports,communications, Ac Ac., at N0.1n9,
 South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, P
 where by his strict attention to business he hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 a.m. to 9 r.M.
 Also Agent for the North Stab, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the sale of Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
a. WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW READY.
 The Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 the Strange Pbenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications Ac. Ac., —price, single,
 l'dicts —10 copies for 91. Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents waoted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from 910 to $25 requiree, and
 the agent will bo indemnified against loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION D-nghiers of the
 State of Pennsylvsnia,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would most respectfully announce to the
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, 99-
 Applications for Charters must he made to
 HANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G. S. S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
 aTTournal for every home
 THE
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY TAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Re
 form audi Intelligence generally,
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sourees ot nearly all
 crime, and in the eradictiou of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stories,
 Letters from. Correspondent*, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Literary Notings
 and Pickings, and a complete summary of the New
 of the Week.
 OCJ- The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS.—Two Dollars- per Annum, m
 vanably in advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six months. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 30 School St. Boston.
From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Core. —ln another page of this paper
 will be found the advertisement of Dr. Charles
 Munde’s establishment for Wfiter-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. We, some months since, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country of
 t)r. W. as a political lefugee, from Dresden, and
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. His
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 tiluiionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends hi* remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crowd
 with patients (lie institution over which be pre
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-lure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends and the
 Hiblic, that lie has become the owner ofthe late Dr.
 Juggles’ Water-CureEstablishment at Benson vide,
 2$ miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hour.’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 0 Thom Albany ,»itu&lt;u»d la one of Um pUaaentest
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks,and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and colde/l granite
 water. The air ia pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and apaciou
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 50 pa
 tients, se|iarate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being the earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitz at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of bis own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO #H£ LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas and French Sacks,
 selling off ql astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and tiie public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he baa been pur
 chasing, We have received tbe LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, fitc., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, eleganue, and durability.
 We would gay to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AND SEE FOE YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than 'he materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior maai er than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Vise ties at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at ASTONISH IN OLT LOW PRI
 CES. All persons requiring such goods arc invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 55 Main at., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 8m
 Hair-CattlEg aid Dressing at
 ZD. A J. PATTERSON’s Saloon, under the
 Eagle, Buffalo-street nov 16—8 m
The Old t urositj Shop,
 -At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronage
 awarded him, would respectfully inform his
 triends and the public generally, that he ha* recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Secondhand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment be will twy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Booka, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agi icultural implements, and indeed ail those
 various odds snd ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at other places. It is his intention
 to, keep Tbe Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which he will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with tnrss
 and despatch,
 Pom forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 Dental Surgery^
 I would respectfully inform the citisena of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith's Arcade to my dwelling
 house No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Thankful lor past fevor* in the line ofay profes
 sion, and flattering myself that I.can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and sat sf/
 themselves.
 A. CLARK.
 IN. B. All operations performed by me on the
 teeth and Plats Work warranted.
 Rochester, Oct. 18.1848. tf.
 Notice.
 Friends of the slave, *»d stranger* on
 a visit to tbs City duriastue anniversary weak,
 cm be entertained w«»h wood board and private
 accommodations at 880 Pearl Street, New York,
 April 15tb, 1800.
 WILLIAM P. POWELL.
 Narrative of the life of freder-
 ICK DOUGLASS, written by himself, t* be
 had at this eftes, price 80 canto; Wh.#7]e
SLOAH'S COLINS.
w- All the medicines advertised by W. B. Slow
 are sold by Post A Willis, Winslow A Young. R».
 chaster; S. Keashaw, Frankfort; A. S. Bairstw
 Co., Lewiston; T.kA. Frye, Brockport; Caleb
 Nye, Pituford; W. Williams, BuffiLo; and by
 »o*t druggists throughout the Ueited States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 RIAN’S OINTMENT is now universally «o|
 kaowledgsd to be an infoltiible remedy, in every
 case wbeni it has been faithfully applied on the bo-
 Pr o *Do,l nK Insensible Perspiration,
 oul inflammation from a wound, Vu?
 Slieviag pain of every kind, and in its R—»i—
 shim, the world does not produce is.
 tpubhc pronounce it the cfcnpwt and &amp;t lW
 iy e l tbat Ter be*" wed. All diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcers, Old
 Wains, Sore Threat, Burns, Cuts, Cwumomb
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 the Eye, Ague in the (ice, side, hack, and the
 other parts of the system, Boils, Ulcers, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, sad every kad of
 sores containing the least particle of isflammatiaa
 are permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40|Lake si., Chicago, IV.
doctoring in galena.
 Mr. S loan:— Dear Sir. About three years non
 I wss severely injured in one of my legs by the
 foiling of a pile of wood which occasioned large
 running ulcers. Nearly every doctor ia Galana
 tried to core them; but tried m v«h», until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well again-but in order
 that I might neglect no means within my reach, 1
 IWchnsnd of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and yon can judge o' my surprise and
 gratitude better than I can express it, to And my
 self entirely well before 1 h%4 finished using tne
 second box.
 These foett 1 make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment as yours has proved to he. Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 Afflicted in his feet from the time be first began to
 wralk, the bottoms of which were covered with a
 hard dry skin foil of craks, causing pain and much
 affliction, many tiroes he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has he heen free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling the skill of
 several physicians; but to our surprise his foet are
 now perfectly smooth soft ami free from "racks, all
 from one application of your Ointment, l would say
 the boy put it on himself as un experiment of hia
 own, from hearing in recommended- Nothing more
 was thogght of it for three weeks, at which time
 his feet were near about in a Iteallhy utile, and are
 now the same as though they never had been other
 wise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 ShiboVgan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan— Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected are those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty.
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 aboTe the ankle. The leg wai so much swollen he
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the most pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated his
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice.
 I succeeded in reducing die swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till die
 first of February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OS TRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
(SLOAN’S OINTMENT,
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HATE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
BURNT TO CINDERS^
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you mv unfeigned thank* for your unparal
 leled Ointment. Threa weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before Uie flames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Omtment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child ia
 now well and about her business.—The medicine is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 iw..
 1 feel |indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that I can do tor you or &gt;our medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28th, 1849. J
 For Punty, Mildness Safety, CsrtantyJ
 fand Thoroughntst SLOAA’S
 OINTMENT Excels,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure of the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, Gills of all kiwis, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Wiudgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfest,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammatiou and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; sad
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint,) which proves an
 fatal to many valuable borses in this country. It ia
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Illinois.
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan's Horn Modi
 dines. Our neighbors, friends snd acquaintances
 who have used them, testify their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with confi
 cence. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. ‘‘Every disease which the horn
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the ose of
 Sloan’s Medicine*. TRY THEM sad teat lor your
 self their efficacy.—H. Organ, May 5tA, 1849.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
 Extract from the Wm&amp;esAe Democrat,' W».
 May 9,1848 a
 “Sloan’s Medicines’.”—a subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to ny,
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s Horn Ointment
 several instances during the pntt
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 recommend it to then who hsre the use andlnn
 of home. Mr. Sloan’s sndtemen are _ highly
 SSLS
 tobeliev* that they are prepared with a view tn
 RATTLE SNAXI UTI.
 DR. W. B. Sloan—User Sir—Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, Indiana, hada
 base badly bitten on tin nose by n Rattlesnake.
 Some tea bowrs after, I saw the&gt;oree, bis head waa
 remarkably swollen, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, and wa were astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In fees thaa one hour thn
 swelling began to abate, aid in twenty fear hoars
 bSnSTßhpffimdwWJ within three days thn
 hone was net only fit for**, but was actanffy put.**
 hard Inbar within eny iqjsrfo— reank.
 S tfaKwfea
 L. 8. BARTLkTT,
 _ QHtCA«jr, &lt;IU-4 Jean t, IffH.
"
