"states, which grows out of her own
 neglect to fulfil the terms and spirit of
 the agreement. In the “territory north
 of the Missouri Compromise line, sla
 very or involuntary servitude, (except 1
 for crime) shall be prohibited.” So
 reads the bond. But if Texas suffers
 slavery to be extended over that part
 of her territory, then, when it becomes
 populous enough for admission, and is
 overspread with slavery, a new state
 may present a free constitution, be ad
 mitted by Congress, and before the
 slaves have time to escape, or to car
 ry the question of freedom before the
 judicial tribunals, Presto! this free con
 stitution will be changed into a slave
 constitution, under the alleged right of
 a state to decide upon its own domes
 tic institutions, and thus the word of
 promise which was kept to the ear,
 will be broken to the hope. If Texas
 meant to abide by the resolutions of
 annexation, and to claim anything un
 der them, it as her clear and imper
 ative duty forthwith to pass a law, se
 curing freedom to every inhabitant
 north of the Compromise line. In this
 way only can the resolutions be
 executed in their true spirit. That
 territory is now in the condition of an
 egg; it is undergoing incubation.
 From it a state is hereafter to be
 hatched; but before promising to ac
 cept the chick, it would be agreeable
 to know whether a viper had impreg
 nated the egg.
 But there is a still further opjection,
 of whose soundness I have no doubt;
 but should I be in error in regard to
 it, the mistake will not invalidate any
 other argument. Tho parties to that
 agreement stipulated on the ground of
 mutuality, without which ail contracts
 are void. Some states were to be ad
 mitt id to strengthen the hands of sla
 very, and some of freedom. A line of
 demarcation was drawn. Now, on
 iovestication, 1 believe it will most
 conclusively appear, that there is not
 an inch of Texas territory north of
 the stipulated line; it all belongs to
 New Mexico, as much as Nantucket
 or Berkshire belongs to Massachusetts.
 It was a mistake on the part of the
 contracting parties; if, on the part of
 Texas, it was something worse than a
 mistake. The mutuality, then, fails.
 The contract is nudvm pactum. Tex
 as can give nothing for what she was
 to receive; and is, therefore, entitled
 to receive nothing but what she has
 got.
 In regard to “the business of seeing
 that fugitives are delivered up.” Mr.
 Webster says: “My friend at the head
 of the Judiciary Committee (Mr. But
 ler, of South Carolina) has a hill on
 the subject now before the Senate,
 with some amendments to it, which i
 propose to supptft-t, with all its provis
 ions to (he fullest extent.”
 [We published this bill a few weeks since,
 and all who read it will remember its main
 features.]
 It will be observed that the first
 section of the hill, after constituting
 the judges of the courts, the seventeen
 thousand postmasters, the collectors,
 and sofQith, as tribunals, without ap
 peal, for the delivery of anybody, wti&lt;&gt;
 is sworn by any-body, any-wherp, t&lt;
 be a fugitive slave, refers to the be
 fore mentioned officers in the words
 “residing or being within euch Statt
 where such seizure or arrest is made.”
 That is, the judge, postmaster, collec
 tor, &amp;.C., need not to he ar&gt; inhabitant
 of the Stale, or hold his office in th«
 State, where the seizure is made; but
 it is sufficient if he is such officer an)
 where within the United States. Mr.
 Butler or Mr. Mason, therefore, maj
 tend the postmaster of his own city 01
 village, into Massachusetts, with an
 agent or attorney, who brings his affi
 davit from South Carolina or Virginia
 in his pocket; the agent or attorney
 may arrest any body, at any time, car
 ry him before his accomplice, g»
 through with the judicial fotros, am'
 hurry him to the South; —the officer
 after his judicial functions are dischar
 ged, turning bailiff, protecting the pre\
 d speeding the flight.
 ••Still further, this bill derides th&lt;
 ti.wl by jury secured by the (Jonstitu
 tion. A man may not lose a hors,
 without a right to this trial; but hi
 may his freedom. Mr. Webster speak*
 tor the South and for slavery; not fui
 the North and for freedom, when In
 abandons this right. Such an aban
 donment. it would be impossible to be
 lieve of one who has earned such fami
 as Defender of the Constitution; ii
 would be more reasonable to suppose
 the existence of some strange misap
 prehension, had not Mr. Webster, with
 the precision and strength which art
 so peculiarly his own, declared his de
 termination to support this hideous
 bill, with all its provisions, to tht
 fullest extent;” when, at the sam.
 moment, another bill, of which he took
 no notice, wa« pending before the Sen
 ate, introduced by Mr. Sewkrd, ol
 New York, securing the invaluable
 privilege of a jury trial.
 1 disdain to avail myself, in sober
 argument, of the popular sensitiVenets
 on this subject; and I acknowledge mv
 obligations to the Constitution* while
 it is suffered to last. But still I say,
 that the man who can read this till
 without having his blood boil in bis
 veins, has a power of refrigeration
 that would cool the tropics.
 I cannot doubt that Mr. Webster
 will yet see the necessity of reconsi
 dering his position, on this .Whole
 question.
 Mr. Webster says: “It is my firm
 opinion this day, that within th e lasi
 twenty years as much money has been
 collected and paid to the abolition so
 cieties, abolition presses, aud abolition
 lecturers, as would purchase the free
 dom of every slave, man, womap and
 child, in the State of Maryland, and
 •end them ail to Liberia.”
 The total number of slaves in Mary
 land, according to the last sensus,
 amounted to 89,475. At $250 apiece
 —which ia but about half the value
 Cl Btm &gt;tly assigned to the Southern
 •laves by Southern men—this woilld be
 $22,378,750. Allowing $3O each for
 transportation to Liberia, without any
 provision for .them after their arrival
 there, and the whole sum would be,
 $25,058,600 —-in round numbers, twen
 ty-five millions oi dollars!—more than
 a million and a quarter in each year,
 and about five hundred dollars per
 l had sot supposed the abolition- j
sts had such resources at their com*
 mand.
 I have dwelt thus long upon Mr.
 Webster's speech, because in connec
 ion with his two votes in favor of Mr.
 Foote’s Committee of compromise,
 which votes, bad they been the other
 way, would have utterly defeated the
 Committee, it is considered to have
 lone more to jeopard the great cause
 of freedom in the territories, than any
 other event of this disastrous session.
 I have spoken of Mr. Webster by
 name, and I trust, in none but res
 pectful terms. I might have intro
 duced other names, or examined bis
 positions, without mentioning him. I
 have taken what seemed to me the
 more manly course; and if these views
 should ever by chance fall under his
 eye, I believe he has magnanimity
 enough to respect me more for the
 frankness I have used. If lam wrong,
 1 will not add to au error of judgment
 the meanness of a clandestine attack.
 If I am right, no one can complain;
 for we must all bow belore the majesty
 of Truth.
 Should the North fail, I have stil
 one.more hope. It is that New Mex
 ico will do for herself what we shal
 have basely failed to do for her.—l
 both these hopes fail, our country ii
 doomed to run its unobstructed car
 eer of conquest, of despotism, anc
 of infamy.
 I have now, ray fellow-citizens
 given you my “Views and Opinions’
 on the present crisis in our public 'af
 fairs. Had I regarded my own feel
 ings, 1 should havo spoken less ai
 length; but the subject has command
 ed ine. I trust I have spoken respect
 fully towards those from whom 1 dis
 sent, while speaking my own senti
 ments justly and truly. I have uset
 no asperity, for all my emotions havi
 been ot grief and not of anger. Mj
 words have been as cool as the tele
 graph wires, while my feelings havt
 been like the lightning that rum
 through them. The idea that Massa
 chusetts should contribute, or consent
 to the extension of numan Slaver/!
 is enough, not merely to arouse thi
 living from their torpor, but the deal
 from their graves! Were I to kee|
 it, nay, did I not oppose it with all thi
 powers and faculties which God ha:
 given me, I should see myriads of re
 cognized faces glaring out upon m&lt;
 from the future, more terrible thai
 Duncan’s at Macbeth, and I wouli
 rather feel an assassin’s poignard it
 my breast than forever hereafter t&lt;
 see the “air-drawn dagger” of a guil
 ty imagination. In Massachusetts
 the great drama of the Revolutioi
 began. Some of its heroes yet sur
 vive amongst us. At Lexington, a
 Concord, and on Buuker Hill, thi
 grass still grows greener where thi
 soil was fattened with the blood of oui
 lathers. If, in the providence of God
 we must be vanquished in this con
 test, let-it be by force of the over
 mastering and inscrutable power
 above us, snd not by our own bast
 desertion.
 1 am gentlemen, your much honored
 obliged and obedint searvnl,
 Horace Mann.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, MAY 30, 1850.
 The North Star ir sometimes sent to friend.
 aho do not take the paper, in the hope that the;
 nay see fit to subscribe for it. Subscriptions am
 lunations for the same may he safely enclosed, ad
 iressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester
 V. Y.
 OtJ*\VARTKD —Several Travelling Agents
 o procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 iberal commission will be given. None need applj
 ait such as can bring good recommendations foi
 &lt;ndustry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
 Acknowledgment.
 We beg to return our sincere and heartfelt
 icknowledgments to the Ladies of the North
 Star Fair Committee in New York, fur the
 *mi of four hundred duilira. Considering
 he many disadvantages under which they
 I iboied, while making their recent effort in
 New York, in behalf of our paper, it may
 •veil be deemed eminently successful. But
 three months fiotn the organization of theii
 yommittee intervened before the holding ol
 the Fair—a period altogether inadequate for
 •ringing out an average display of the taste,
 dtill and ingenuity of the ladies of New
 York yet the Fair presented an appearance
 which would compare favorably wqh that of
 jny Fair on the same scale for any ordinary
 oenevolent object. But on this point it is not
 important that we should speak. We have
 no doubt that ihe Committee will have (from
 ihe pen of their able and efficient Secretary)
 a Report which will do justice to their labors,
 is well as to those who sent contributions.
 We beg again that the ladies will accept our
 &gt;est thanks for ibis valuable donation, which
 &gt;hall be faithfully appropriated to the object
 f&gt;r which it is designed.
 At the same time, we gratefully remember
 ihe assistance rendered to the Ladies' Com
 mittee, by Prof. Reason of Central College,
 and Mr. George T. Downing of New York.
 We think, that without their aid, the Fair
 could not have been successful. Constant in
 their attendance,unwearied in their exertions,
 they were at once the right hand men of the
 occasion. For this mark of their i&lt;&gt;
 our paper, we thank tliem sincerely.
 In making these acknowledgments, wc
 would not forget the gejerous patrons of the
 Fair, with many of whom we had the plea
 one to become acquainted. We bog to
 Assure each and all that the North Star shall
 be, as we believe it has been, a fearless and
 faithful defender of the rights and liberties of
 our much oppressed and deeply injured peo
 ple.—r. d.
 To Cos a esro.n deists. A very large pile
 letters has accumulated on our table daring
 our absence, to which due attention shall be
 given as speedily as possible. Those of oar
 friends who hive sent subscriptions, may
 have feared that their letters had not come to
 hand. Tbeir fears will be removed .by see
 ing their subectiptions acknowledged in this
 aad the next number of the North Star. —r.D.
 Notice. —The Yearly Meeting of Con
 gregational Friends will be held at Waterloo,
 Seaeca Co., N. Y„ at Frienda' Meeting-
 H*iuae; commencing on the 8d of 6th mo.,
 (Jane.) AU are inv.ttd atteLd.
At Home Again.
 Having been, during the past few weeks,
 the special object of attack, marked out by a
 corrupt and fiendish Press, for assassination,
 the victim of a continuous train of almost
 unprecedented abuse—harraseed and dogged
 from day to day by the furious blood
 hounds of American Slavery,—l should be
 something more ,than a Stoic, if I did not
 feel and acknowledge- a sense of profound
 gratitude to the God of the oppressed, that 1
 am again permitted safely to occupy my
 editorial chair. Never since the day I enter*
 ed the field of public effort in the cause of my
 enslaved brethren, have I been called to en
 dure persecution more bitter, insults mors
 brutal, violence more fierce, acorn aod con
 tempt more malicious and -demoniacal, than
 that heaped upon me in the city of New
 York, during the past three weeks. I have
 been made to fee 1 keenly that I am in an
 enemy’s land—surrounded on all aides by
 hardships, difficulties and dangers—that on
 the side of the oppressor there is powei,
 and that there are few to take up the cause
 of my deeply injured and down-trodden
 peoplo. These things grieve, but do not
 appal me. Not an inch will 1 retreat— not
 one jot of steal will I abate—not one word
 will I retract; and, in the strength of God,
 while the red current of life flows through
 my veins, I will continue to labor for the
 downfall of slavery and the freedom of my
 race. lam denounced as an offender. lam
 not ignorant of my offences. I plead guilty
 to the worst of those laid to my charge.
 Amplified as they have been, enormous as
 they are alleged to be, 1 do not shrink from
 looking them full in the face, and gloiying
 in having committed them. My crime is,
 that I have assumed to be a man, entitled
 to all the rights, privileges and dignity,
 which belong to human nature —that color
 r is no crime, and that all men are brothers.
 I have acted on this presumption. The very
 head and front of my offending hath this
 extent —no more.” I have not merely talked
 of human brotherhood and human equality,
 but have reduced that talk to practice. This
 I have done in broad open day, scorning con
 j cealment. I have walked through the streets
 of New York, in company with white per
 sons, not as a menial, but as an equal. This
 s was done with no purpose to inflame the
 public mind not to provoke popular viol*
 eitce not to make a display of my contempt
 1 for public opinion but simply as a matter of
 course, and because it was right so to do.
 1 The right to associate with my fellow worms
 of the dust, on terms of equality, without
 regard to color, is a right which I will yield
 only with my latest breath.
 My readers will have observed, in the
 t Vorth Star of last week an account of a
 i most cowardly assault made upon tne iu the
 Battery at New York. Like most other
 r statements wiiich emanate from the American
 press, this one (though partly true) is false
 in several particulars. It is not true tbit I
 s walked down Broadway with two white fe
 male* resting on my arm, in the case alluded
 to, although I insist upon the right te do so.
 It is not true that the ladies in company
 with me placed themselves under the care of
 the gentleman (ruffian who assaulted me,
 nor of any of the villanous party, nor of any
 body else. It is not true that I sneared or
 spoke to the loafing assailants. The facts briefly
 are these. Myself and friends were going to
 Philadelphia, and supposing that the “John
 s Potter” departed from New York at twelve
 o’clock,we rode down a quarter before twelve
 1 but found on our arrival, that we had been
 mistaken; the time of starting being half-past
 one o’clock. The interval,therefore,we passed
 in the Battery. When about to leave for the
 Steamer, five or six men surrounded us, as
 sailing us with all sorts of coarse and filthy
 language, and two of them finally struck the
 ladies on the head,while another attacked me.
 I warded off the blows with my| umbrella,
 and the cowardly creatures left without doing
 any personal harm. Thinking that we should
 not be disturbed by them again we walked
 slowly toward the Steamer, one of the mob
 observing that I was off my guaid, ran up
 liehind me and before I could put myself in
 a position to ward off the assassin’s blow, 1
 was struck in the face.. These are the whole
 facts in the case. 1 never was more calm or
 self-possessed than when under his beastly
 assault. I felt no indignation towards the
 poor miserable wretches who committed the
 outrage. They were but executing upon me
 the behests of the proslavery church and
 clergy of the land; doing the dirty work of
 the men who despise them, and who have
 no more respect for them in reality than
 they bave for me. 1 shall have say
 on my visit to New York and Philadel
 phia next week.—f. d.
 From the North Star Extra, published in
 Philadelphia.
 Shameful Abandonment of Principle;
 INEQUALITY SANCTIONED. —COLORED MEN DE
 GRADING THEMSELVES. —SELLING THE CAUSE
 OF FREEDOM FOR POPULAR APPLAUSE, AND
 PLAYINO INTO THE HANDS OF THEIR OP
 PRESSORS.
 It becomes my duty, as an humble advo
 cate of equal rights—as a defender of the
 principle of human freedom—to record my
 earnest testimony at this crisis, against what
 appears to me to be s most disgraceful con
 cession to the venomous hatred so strongly
 cherished in this city by the white against
 th e colored people. When principle is sacri
 ficed in high places—when high and import
 ant trusts have been scandalously abused—
 it becomes those who suffer from such epos
 tacy to repudiate both the traitors and ih&gt;
 -treachery. This is their duty: to do boldly
 and earnestly, and at whatever cost of popu
 lar applause. To perform this duty I hav&lt;
 thus promptly'sent forth the North Stun
 fjtira," hoping that it may be the means o
 opening the eyes of many, who might els&lt;
 remain in darkness, and perhaps be allured
 from the cause of our common liberties.
 Should this good result be secured, it will lx
 high compensation fur all the abuse and mis
 representation to which I shall probably b
 subjected. But, without further preface, I
 lay before the reader a complete copy of s
 handbill which has been widely circulated it
 thig city, and under which a large meeting
 has been held:
 •‘THE FEDERAL CONSTITUTION
 versus v
 NEGRO SLAVERY,
 *f A Committee of White Cithteos bavin;
 been appointed, at the meeting at FrtakLii
their Church forthal purpose. The Lower
 requested to attend, sl* evening, May l»th,
 st half-past (even ooMkk, and Itsten to one
 of the moot eloquent powerful men in thtr
 country, whether YFips or Black. Wo are
 convinced that those hating a prejudice against
 the race, after heariiif him, wilt snrrender
 the same.”
 You have read tlHMiiiidbiJl, and you ah
 ready see in it that upon which 1 beg to
 offer a few remarks, and against which I
 would bear my humble, but not the lest
 honest testimony. Ynthavt it here first
 stated that a white committee wjs appointed
 at Franklin Hall, to sedm a place of meet
 ing for Mr. Ward. Ni|v, why was a white
 committee selected fronts meeting composed
 of both white and colored personal Was it
 because a committee imposed in part of
 colored persons, would Htvor .too much the
 idea of social equality !—&lt;*;»aa it merely an
 act of courtesy towards the whites, and a
 mark of humility on the pact of the colored
 people there assembled I Ipr whatever fpa
 son the measure was adoptM, 1 am opposed
 to all such measures, and heartily
 repudiate this. Away with SB compromises
 to secure good-will, when condition
 upon which it can be attained n a sacrifice of
 self-respect and acknowledgment of our own
 inferiority! In the very first announcement,
 then, in this handbill, I find cause of com
 'plaint; and although the basis of that com
 plaint, standing alone, mighty pass without
 animadversion, standing, as is does, in con
 nection with other and more obnoxious fea
 tuies, F hate felt in bestowing
 upon it this word of ofl^pfent.
 The reader is next informedby the authors
 of this handbill, that they hare labored in
 vain to secure a Halt in whph Mi. Ward
 might hold a meeting; and |llege, as the
 reason of their failure, the prejudice against
 the negro race." This was undoubtedly the
 true reason the prejudice! against the
 negro race—aye, the This un
 natural, unreasoning and raaligdffht prejudice
 is the secret of most of our sifriai troubles
 and misfortunes. By it we ati proscribed,
 plundered and oppressed. This it is that has
 shut us out not only froqj hallsl from hotels,
 from steam-boat cabins, from the ballot-box,
 from lyceums, from places of) amusement,
 from churches, from almost eviy honorable
 employment—but even from decent burial
 grounds in this city. Yes, it is» this venom
 ous prejudice that stands, as if armed with a
 thunderbolt, to Btrike dead any black man
 who dares to seek his own and the true ele
 vation of his race. This prejudice it is
 which we are to meet, encounter and subdue,
 before any essential change for the better can
 take place in our condition. This is the
 Goliath which at present defies all the armies
 of Israel. And, alas! at the very moment
 when the colored people of this city had
 reason to hope that an effective blow would
 tie dealt upon the head of this arch enemy,
 the very principle for which we are bound to
 contend, has been most cowardly and shame
 fully abandoned.
 Here it is in these significant lines: read it
 again. “The Lower Saloon w&gt;*». he ai*-
 PROPRIATED EXCLUSIVELY ThlMlU# WHITE
 FELLOW CITIZENS WHO ARE RESPECT
 FULLY REQUESTED TO ATTENJ).”
 It is not easy to conceive of a more slame
 ful concession to the spirit of slavery and pre
 judice than this. It is colonization sanctioned
 by the very men who profess to loathe and
 detest it. Separated from the circumstances,
 it is a violation of the very first principles of
 hpman brotherhood—for which the friends of
 freedom have contended for more tlian twenty
 years—it is the wholesale adoption of the
 mean and unchrielian “negro pew" system—
 which has been everywhere regarded as the
 strong bulwark of slavery and oppression.
 But taken in connection with the declared ob
 ject of the meeting, ihe well known character
 of the gentlemau for whom tl.e meeting wa3
 convened, and the complextion of the people
 who own the Church in wnich the meeting
 was held—it is the mos’tcowardly, contempti
 ble and servile specimen of self-degradation
 which has ever come under my notice. It
 is literally admitting that all that has been said
 by our enemies, of our unfitness for the pos
 session of equal rights and privileges in the
 relations of life, is true, and that it ought to
 be reduced to practice. What use will the
 revilers and slanderers of our people make of
 this concession! Why this, and none else
 than this: —that we are sensible of our
 own inferiority; that we know our place
 that we are conscious of our own unfitness
 for the society of white people that it
 is quite proper we should be separated
 from them in the house of prayer; that the
 two varieties of the same family ought not to be
 allowed to occupy an equal footing; that the
 lower and commodious part of the church—the
 house ot worship should be reserved for white
 people exclusively, and that colored people
 should be separated and sent up stairs—col
 onized. Such, then, are the inferences
 which our oppressors may naturally draw
 from this open and palpable abandonment of
 the doctrine and practice of human equality,
 imo which the colored people of this city
 have boon wantonly and scandalously betray
 ed. Let me ask those colored men whtf have
 sanctioned this disgraceful transaction, to
 show, if they can, wbat difference there is
 in the principle of caste and exclusiveness in
 volved in this case—and the principle upon
 which Mr. Ward and colored men in gen
 eral are excluded from the Chinese Mus
 eum! Is there any! Are not the two things
 founded on the same basis! Mr. Ward was
 excluded from the Chinese Museum because
 tie was a “colored man.’* Colored men, by
 this notice were excluded fro* the lower pari
 »f St. Mary's Street Church—because of
 their color. The principle was that the same
 in the one ease as is the other and it is
 equally te be reprobated io both cases. He
 who approves the one has no right to con
 demn the other. 4 Out of thine own mouth
 will I condemn thee. Thou that sayest a man
 halt steal, dost thou steal?” Thou ths&lt;
 sayest that God is impartial, art thou par
 tial? Will you condemn in others that which i
 you justify in yourself! How long will ii t
 take you to convince (ths||woild of human
equality and brotherhood by preaching, whik
 you openly violate the piinciple in youi
 practice* la precept stronger than exam
 ple* Will men redace practice that
 which the preaeher himself Tacitly admits to
 be impracticable* Alas! for human weak
 ness and the spirit of compromise, which is
 here displayed!—purchasing the oppress or’i
 fovor by selling our birthright to liberty.
 This seeking our elevation in the ray path
 way to self-degradation will end only in dis
 appointment, shame and confusion.
 The question will naturally arise, as to how
 Mr. Ward and hi* friends will dispose of this
 handbill, and justify his speaking, and their
 assembling under its provisions, r Upon this
 subject 1 cannot speak positively. 1 have
 understood from respectable sources, that
 Mr. Ward denies being tbe author of tbe
 handbill. Thia is good—so far as it goes—
 but to my apprehension it falls far short ol
 exculpating him from just and severe censure,
 lie does not, and cannot, deny that he was
 apprized of the infamous arrangement before
 the meeting took plaoe. He knew all about
 the matter beforehand. Hit anawer to one
 friend was, "that white men wrote the bill,
 and if there wu anything wrong in it, white
 men must make it right."
 Now this answer is anything than credit
 able to tbe honeaty, consistency and .good
 sense, of him who made it. It is evasive
 unsatisfactory, and a mere quibble, whict
 will only sink its author deeper in disgrace,
 than the act which he deaigned to shit-lc
 from condemnation. In a matter of this sort
 a man like Mt. Ward cannot be allowed
 neutial ground. He is here as an apostle o
 hbetty and equality. He is jealously it
 watch over, and boldly to defend the cause o
 human freedom. What if Mr. Ward shouk
 throw off all responsibility in the matter 01
 Slavery, and give up the contest, under the
 ridiculous pretext "that if there he any
 wrong in it, white men have committed the
 wrong, and white men must mend it.’
 Would any man regard him in any othei
 1 light than as an apostate*
 i The answer in question shows to what vile
 and paltry shifts, a man in a false position
 1 willTesort. He was rem inded of the nature
 5 of this "bill,” by another friend who pointed
 out.the objectionable feature which it con
 tained, and made no answer at all. Now
 why was this course pursued by the elo
 quent Samuel R. Ward? Where was his
 sense of justice! Where was his impartiali
 -5 ty* Where was his manly indignation* Why
 did he not denounce the whole transaction ai
 once, and declare either that he would not
 speak under such a call, oi that he would
 take this handbill as the basis of his discourse,
 and show the improprietyof sending forth such
 a handbill* But he made no such declaration,
 1 he manifested no sense of the insult offered
 1 to colored citizens, and worse still, attended
 the meeting, made an eloquent speech,
 treated his hearers to any quantity of fun,
 and never raised a whisper against the in
 -1 famous handbill.
 Now this leaves Mr. Ward without excuse.
 1 His silence at such a time was a sanction of
 1 the whole proceedings. He is responsible
 for the insult and degradation, offered to the
 colored citizens of Philadelphia. He mighi
 have cleared himself of all blame in the mat
 ter, by disclaiming the contents of that hand
 bill, in the presence of the white committee,"
 who are supposed to have framed it. This it
 seems he lackeo the manliness to do. He
 could not so far test thestnceiity of bis new
 c converts, and risk their applause, as to tell
 'rthem that they were yet in the darkness of
 Slavery, and under the influence of prejudice;
 but glazed the who e matter over in silence.
 Now if this be fidelity, what is treachery*
 I It is now no time to mince matters—no time
 I to "ran with the hare, and hold with the
 hound.” The colored people of this city and
 I country, have had enough of this playing
 f fast and loose, and the time has come, unless
 i I mistake the signs of the limes, when they
 i will demand of thotw who stand forth as their
 advocates, an inflexible adhesion to the prin
 ciple of equal and impartial freedom.—r. o.
 Letter Crou Geo. W. Golaes.
 Frederick Douglass, Sir: l attended a
 i meeting on last Thursday evening, at tbe
 Second Presbyterian Chuicb, St. Maty street,
 under a call of a bill that was placarded about
 the stieet9; which stated, "that the lower part
 of the Church would be ixdutively appropria
 ted fur the white citizens;" and to my entire
 astonishment, I there saw a number of oui
 oldest and most respectable inhabitants seated
 in the gallqry. Whether all had been shown
 up there by those in attendance, I am not
 able to say,—but that some were, I am sure
 is true.
 I was astonished that Mr. Ward said noth
 ing on that occasion against the proscription
 proposed, and to some extent carried out.
 protested against the bill making said distinc
 tion, on first sight, and no argument that I
 have heard as yet, has convinced me that it
 was right.
 Youts, for principle, not policy,
 GEO. W. GOINES.
 Philada. May 20, 1850.
 Letter frem C, Lenox Remond.
 "watchman, what of the night.”
 Frederick Douglass My dear Friend,
 —On my arrival in this city, this afternoon,
 l have been both surprised and grieved to
 find a printed handbili of a public meeting,
 fur Mr. Samuel R. Ward, of Syracuse, in
 the St. Mary street Chureb, on Thursday
 evening last, introducing in the moat undis
 guised manner, the spirit of oolonizuioa,
 seif-degradation, and inferiority, to wit: the
 pointing of such white persons who may con
 descend to attend the mooting in this chureb
 under the auspicer of colored people, to a
 particular and superior part of the houae, and
 colored persons tu specified inferior seats;
 thereby, in my bumble judgment, sanctioning
 in tbe most gratuitous, palpable and humilia
 ting manner, the cruel and depressing customs
 and laws under waich we have lived and suf
 fered for a long aeries of yeara. And believ
 ing it to be a violation of the praotioe always
 obsetved in our churches and hallsj an unhap
 py and alarming precedent, a flagrant. viola
 tion of our pinciplea, contrary to the senti
 ments entertained by a vast majority of the
 colored population of thia city and the coun
 try at large, in opposition to tbe doctrines of
 the colored gentleman advertised to speak on
 the occasion, and at this important and trying
 crisis in mu cause, demanding the special
 fWTtW «i Ip
tad universal consideration o! oat people, —i
 unhesitatingly embrace this early moment,
 and the medium of your watch ful a«d valua
 ble journal, to record my unqualified and
 solemn protest against the principle, practice
 and precedent, which have been inttodoeed in
 the instance referred to, aa repieheoaibly in
 jurious, treasonable to our interest#, ami de
 grading to our people.
 With deep solicitude for the welfare of our
 cause. I lemsin, truly yours,
 C. LENOX REMOND.
 Philada., May 19, 1860.
 At a Merging of the Executive Com
 mittee of the Western New York Anti-Sla
 very Society, the following resolutions were
 unanimously adopted
 Resolved, That we deeply sympathise with
 our Ami-Slavery friends who assembled si
 the Anniversary Meeting in New Yoik,
 in th »ir exposure to the threats, insolence
 and violence of a lawless mob and hereby
 express our beany approval and admiration
 of the calm and pacific manner in which
 those threats were met; and further express
 our confidence that this outburst of mobo
 cratic feeling w.’H also work lor the further
 ance of our good cause, in accordance with
 the designs of the Great Ruler, who makes
 even the wtath of man to praise Him.”
 Resolved, That we hereby express our
 heartfelt sympathy and cordial fellow-feeling
 with our peisecuted brother, Freda kick
 Douglass, in the brutal treatment indicted
 upon tun* by some misled and ignorant ruf
 fian* in New York City, for his devotion to
 the cause of the enslaved; and denounce, aa
 disgraceful and dishonoring to our land, all
 such violent interference with the peaceable
 rights of our leilow-cmzens.
 Resolved, That the recent manifestations
 of pro-slavery sentiment, unexpected as they
 were brutal, serve to show that our labor is
 not yet completed—that the demon-power ol
 Slavery is still rampant in the land, and sum
 mon ua and all friends of Freedom, to renew
 ed exertions and unflinching fidelity in our
 good cause.
 Resolved, That the above Resolutions be
 piesented to the North Star, for publication.
 HULDA ANTHONY, Pres, pro tem.
 John Dick, Stc'y.
 Extract
 From th* reply of Mr. Oaßßlsos to an anonymous
 wnttr in ths Boston Trans nipt who accused Mm
 of blasphemy.
 (From[tbeJLiberator.)
 •Sigma’ refers to my ‘late blasphemy a
 New York, but makes no quotation. Aly
 speech moves his choler, and stirs within
 him a holy rage surpassed only by that which
 was expressed by that notorious profligate
 and rioter, ‘Capt. Isaiah Rvnders,’ who with
 Ins nefarious confederates, day after day in
 vaded the anti-slavery meetings in New York,
 uttering imprecations and threats against the
 non-resisting friends of the slave, and beha
 ving in the most beastly manner.
 ‘Rynders,’ says the New York Courier
 and Enquirer, ‘seemed to be in a violent
 passion; probably bis feelings were much
 wounded at hearing Daniel Webster and the
 Christian religion treated with evident dis
 respect’ the pan on and representative
 of ihe brothels, rum holes and gambling hells
 of the ‘Five Points,’ side by side with” Sig
 ma,’ rushing in furious haste to the rescue ol
 the Christian religion and ‘our glorious
 Uiiion’ 1 Par nobile fratum!
 What shall be said of the fairness or hon
 or of the man, who takes, a garbled report ol
 a speech from a paper intensely hostile to the
 speaker, and, assuming it to be authentic,
 makes it the occasion of scattering in this
 community the most unjust and inflammatory
 comments upon ill Is this doing as he would
 be done by? Can anything be more despica
 ble? What I said at New York was com
 prehensively this—that the popular tests ol
 piety, in this nation, were of no- significance
 and proved nothing of love to God or man,
 because ‘the offence of the cross’ has ceased,
 aad it is everywhere safe and reputable to em
 brace them. Is this ‘blasphemy,’ or the ut
 terance of an undeniable fact? I said that a
 profession of faith in Jesus now costs noth
 ing; for his praises are everywhere sung and
 his deeds are everywhere lauded, —by none
 more loudly than by those who enslave and
 imbrute their fellow-men; and, therefore, this
 is no longer a true test of piety. Can this be
 truthfully denied? Finally, I declared mv
 belief in a Jesus w ho redeems, not enslaves;
 who binds the broken-hearted, not crushes
 the weak; who goes fer proclaiming libeity
 throughout the land, nut lor perpetuating hu
 man thraldom— h i Jesus who lived and sut
 lered eighteen hundred years ago. Was
 that an impious sentiment? Had I not beet,
 riotously interrupted, my design was to have
 shown hot*' striking has been the analogy
 between the Anti-Slavery movement in the
 United States, and the promulgation of primi
 tive Christianity in Judea—both experien
 cing essentially the same treatment, despised
 and rejected of men, hooted by the rabble, de
 nounced by the Scribes and Pharisees, perse
 cuted by the rulers; their advocates accused
 of being'pestilent and seditious fellows, seek
 ing to turn the world upside down,’ ‘the filth
 of the earth and the uffscouring of all things,'
 scourged, imprisoned, and in some instances
 put to an ignominious death, —accused ol
 blasphemy,—‘in penis of robbers, m penlc
 of their own countrymen, in penis in the city
 m peril among false brethren, —approving
 themselves ‘as ministers ol God, in much pa
 tience, in affl.ctiom, in necessities, m dis
 tresses, in stripes, m imprisonments, in tu
 muli#,’ ‘by evil and good report, as decei
 ves, and yet uue, as unknown and yet well
 known, as sorrowful yet always rejoicing,
 as chastened and not killed, as always de.iv
 ered unto death for Jehus’ sake, that the lile
 of Jesus might be made manifest in their
 mortal flesh.’
 From time to lime, old things pass awav
 —all things become newr. While, in this
 age and country, the recognition of Jesus,
 as the Mesiah, subjects no one to shame, re
 proach of peril, eighteen centuries ago, in
 Judea, it cost everything; and Jesus himaelt
 was crucified aa An imposter and blasphemer.
 And still, in the person of the slave, he is
 despised, rejected.
 Methodist Protestants oa Slavery.
 The Protestant Methodist body, which is
 a secession from the Methodist Episcopal
 Church, and extends over North and* South,
 have had. at their late sessions, in quadren
 nial conference at Baltimore, a contest on the
 subject of slavery, which bids fair to effect a
 breach similar to that which sundered the
 body few years since. The members ot
 the cburch residing at the North are very
 generally anti-slavery; and Rev. J. J. Smith
 of the New York conference, submitted the
 following resolutions:
 Resolved, That the woid '‘white” in the
 13th article of the Constitution, is both inju
 rious to our cause and subversive of our prin
 ciples a* a church; and, therefore, ought th be j
 reu oved.
 Resolved That its removal would be no
 injury to the Southern section of our church;
 i hat having full power guarantied to them by
 the Constitution to make their own teguia
 lions on all subjects, providing they confine
 themselves to the restrictions of that docu
 ment and the Holy Scripture*.
 Resolved, That this Conference instruct
 their delegates to vote for the expunging ol
 the word "white” from the article aiore-
 The object of these resolutions is to ex
 tend the right of suffrage to the colored mem
 bers of the church, and to make them eligible
 fo office. A motion to la, the resolurion.
 apon the table, was the signal for an exciting
 debate. The motion was finally lost, and the
 resolutions were referred to the Executive
 i-'iwiSra v-y, j jrftib A.-dt ifr jMeift
oommmee. iitiii committee reported that
 Ibey had no jurisdiction over the subject of
 Hereupon another fierce debate en
 sued. which resulted in sending the subject
 back again to the Committee, we bare rot
 heard that any disposition has been made of
 the matter. But it strikes us that the South
 ern delicacy which revolts at so mild sn as
 pect of justice towards the race as these re*-
 olulions propose must be of a strong type.
 N. Y. Evangelist.
 E a rope an Attain-,
 The Europe, which arrived at New York
 on Friday last, after a passage of less than
 twelve days from Liverpool, brings tba latest
 intelligence.
 England. Parliament ie still in session.
 In the House of Commons, the subject of la
 bor Id factories has again been attracting at
 tention. In reply to a question by Lord Asb
 ley, whether Government intended to pro
 pose a plan for the settlement of that question,
 Sir. G! Gray said that he should propose a
 plan, the effect oi which would be to reduce
 the hours of labor in factories to ten and a
 half hours for five days in the week; and
 from 6 in the morning to two in the afternoon
 on Saturdays. Mr. Hums icgreited that tb*
 government were so weak as to countenance
 the vicious principle of interference between
 masters and men. The discussion ended
 without resuh; no definite plan being formally
 before the House. We cannot see the validity
 ot Mr. Hume’s objection. To rob a man of
 his time and of liU labor, is not less an in
 justice than to rob him of his purse. Demand
 and-supply politicians say that wages cannot
 be regulated i:i this way. If so, then govern
 ment utteily fails in effecting its object, which
 professes to be to protect men against injustice
 and all oppression. But where has the ex
 periment of government interference between
 rapacious employers and ill-paid work;nen,
 been honestlyand fairly tried? Certainly u-l j n
 England, nor in any countryof theOtd World.
 Neither has it been tried in this country. We
 ahouid like to see a trial made with the honest
 purpose of allowing to the workman the fair
 proceeds of Ins labor, before it is definitely
 and authoritatively decided, that it can’t be
 done. One fact is worth a thousand theotiee.
 On rhe 7th inst., Mr. Ewart moved the
 peal of the Advertisement Duty, which he'
 justly descnbed.as a tax on commerce, 00
 literature, and on religion. Noihing was
 •aid, nor could be said in f avo r of the tax
 (Fot the information of readers to ibis country
 we may say that in England, Advertisement
 in Newspapers are taxed—we believe Is. 6d
 Eog-Jon a] lad vet t iseraen i sof whatever length
 The Chancellor of the Exchequer replied
 that his surplus was already disposed of, ai d
 the revenue would not bear further losses
 A vote was:taken,and resulted, for the repeal
 37; against a 209.
 The searching expedition to the Article
 regions, sailed from Greenhithe on Saturday
 4th inst. The officers and crews of all the
 vessels were in the highest spirits. Excellent
 arrangements have been made, which inspire
 hope that the expedition will be successful.
 In Ireland the chief subject of interest
 seems to be the sailing of the steamer Viceroy
 direct from Dublin to Halifax. An impres
 sion prevails among all classes, in Ireland,
 that the potato disease has disappeared!
 VV hether there is sufficient ground for that
 impression, remains yet lo be seen.
 I rance. On- the Bih of may, M. Eugene
 tiue made his appearance in the Assembly,
 m the character of a representative. He, it
 is said, seemed much amused at the attention
 his appearance excited. On the same day,
 M. Baroche, Minister of the Interior, intro-*
 duced his Electoral Bill, which is causmg
 much dissatisfaction, Oneofihe provisions
 of this Bill requires a three veai’a residence
 to qualify for the Sufiiage. An initiatory
 vote on the subject demanding the previou*
 question, resulted Ayes 197; Noes 45 3; ao
 there can be little doubt, bat the Bill will ere
 long become law. M. Michel, an opponent
 of the measure, said, in the course of a dis
 cussion following the reading of the Bill, that
 its effect would be to strike off five or six
 millions from the electoral list. It is, in fact,
 a covert attack upon the principle of univar
 sal suffrage. The liberal papers warmly op
 pose this measure. The Voix du People looks
 to forcible resistance. The Democratic Pact
 fique recommends that petitions be covered
 with millions of signatures against it; and if
 they are without effect, an organized refusal
 of taxes. The Pressc admits that the nuem
 ber of voters will be diminished; but thinks
 that the relative numbet of opposition voters
 will be increased.
 Italy. The pope is in difficulties about
 his funds—a million of dollars, the first in
 stalmentof Rothschild’s loans,having mysteri
 ously disappeared. Letters from Rome, of
 the 30th ult,, state that tranquility prevailed
 in the city and throughout the Roman Slates,
 but that arrests continued to be made, and the
 public mind was rather agitated.
 In Denmark, serious disturbances are ex
 pected soon. The army is being rapidly aug
 mented.
 The Greek difficulty has been settled.
 The demands of England having been ac
 ceded to. J. D.
 Imprisoning British Colored Seamen,
 The reply of Lord Palmerston, in regard
 to the seizure of a colored British sailor,
 strange ss that reply was, has brought out
 two letters to the London Times.
 Sir—l am “surprised” at the “surprise”
 of Mr. Ysrdley on hearing that the black
 steward of a trading vessel had been irapr.aoo
 ed at Charleston. It is quite regular and ac
 cording to white law there.' I was in Am
 erica Ml 1839 and 1840, and remember very
 dually that the enlite black crew of a ship
 from St. Domingo, captain, able hands, and
 alt, were packed inm prison during the whole
 time the vessel remainedjn the same port of
 Charleston, South Carolina, and only allowed
 to rejoin her whilst she was being worked
 out of the haibor by hired “riggera.” It
 struck me at the time that had the and vessel
 hailed from one of the British West India
 Islands the circumstances would have been
 embarrassing.
 BLANCO.
 RO»G* ET NOta. f
 Sir—l learn from your recent article upon
 he sohject that it is the custom in Chartee
 on, U. S., to setae upon the person of every
 Jritish negro who may chance to arrive these
 n a British vessel, and remove him from
 «a ship to jail, where he ie kept so Jong aa
 t remains in the harbor. Thushis employer
 nses his services, and the man himself
 uses hie wages, beside* being made (win- ot
 vaving committed any offence) to lie in a i
 ail, and to pray for his maintenance whilst
 here.
 All the Americans condescend to sey sheet
 he mattes is, “If you don’t like the eneuite,
"
