"don't bring your nasty stinking niggers ti
 Charleston.
 know that it is useless to argue witfc
 them on black subjects, and I would, there
 fore, suggest that we should, in retaliation,
 commit to Bridewell, every red haired Am
 erican, the moment he enters the Mersey
 Mr. Lawrence remonstrates, as he proba
 bly will do, all we have to answer is, “if ynr
 don’t like the custom, don't bring your car
 roty countrymen to Liverpool.”
 XXXlst Congress.—in Senate.
 Washington, May 21 1850
 After the ptesenmion of petitions, Mr
 Yuee moved to take up his resolution sub
 mined yesterday in relation to the invasioi
 of Cuba;
 Mr. Hale hoped it would not be taken up,
 asit must lead to debate, and the time had
 no* arrived for taking up. a special order.
 Mr. Webster hoped it would be taken up.
 it was an important subject, and ought to le
 disposed of.
 The question being taken, it was agreed to
 consider the resolution. Mt. Walker moved
 to amend by adding a proposition, n questing
 of the President by what authority he lisi
 despatched vessels of the United States to
 inieicepl or suppress the supposed resolu
 tion.
 Mr. Yuloe accepted the amendment, and
 addressed the Senate in support of his reso
 lution.— Fiom information which he had |re
 ceived, be was inclined to believe that the
 expedition referred to was not a military ex
 pedition such as contemplated by our neu
 trality ob i-’ations. He recognized in the
 highest r* ffT* the importance of preserving
 our neu ality obligations, and designed to
 make no to all proper constitutional
 measures to that end. What he desired to
 call the attention of the Senate to, waa whai
 seemed to him to be a gruss usurpation ol
 powei by the President —an attempt to cover
 up a delinquency at home, by the commission
 of a great wrong abroad. An expedition
 had left our shores, not for the commission ol
 any act upon our own possessions, or upon
 the high seas, and when beyond our jurisdic
 tion altogether, the Executive had taken
 measures to attest and defeat their move
 ments. If the rumors upon which the Exe
 cutive action was founded, were true, the ex
 pedition was designed tor the coast ot Cuba,
 a foreign jurisdiction, and the duty assigned
 to our national vessels was tr prevent its
 landing upon that foreign coast, and to pre
 vent the landing of stores and supplies. This
 act was grossly in violation and denial ot the
 tights of emigration, and expatriation. I
 w as an outrage also upon the freedom ol
 commerce. National law provided a that
 whenever a civil w ar breaks out, or the flag
 of revolution is unfurled, there being two
 belligerent parties in the field, it is a neutral
 commercial right of any citizen of the United
 States to hire or sell vessels for the purpose
 of furnishing either of the belligerent panies
 with supplies of arms or anything else. Tins
 right the executive was charged with having
 violated, in a manner in his opinion, most un
 justifiable and inexcusable. In conclusion
 Mr. Yulee declared, that while he had no
 previous information with reietence to this
 eipednion, h a sympathies were w.th the Re
 publicans who were endeavoring to release j
 themselves trom tyranny and oppression.
 Mr. Webster regretted that Mr.‘Walker
 bad thought necessaiy to move the amend
 ment he had offered, because it was rather
 offensive in its terms, and was not exactly re
 gular, as il enquired under w hat authority a
 certain alleged act had been done befo.e any
 evidence of the execution ot that act had
 been furnished. He Imped the amendment
 would be withrawn, but if it was not, he
 would vote lor the Resolution, even as
 amended. He had beene xceedingly surpiised
 at some of the propositions asserted by the
 Senat- who had said among other things,
 that ihis s ipposed act of the President looked
 like ftn act of war,—war against whom?
 Whi.l country? What colony 7 What pro
 vince? It was important that we should gov-;
 ern ourselves by some distinct undeislandmg
 of the neutral duties of the government, ano
 of all her citizens as defined by the law ot
 1818. If we mean to be neutral we were to
 consider oui treaty stipulations. Everybody
 knew that out stipulations with iSpain, ihe
 executive jiower ol ihe United Slates has,
 over and over again, assured Spain—as far
 as the Executive could give such assurance—
 that it ahe would not voluntary give up Iter
 possession of Cuba to a European power, the
 United Slates would do all in their power tu
 aas st Spain in maintaining her possession.
 He did not intend to say how tar these stipu
 lations were binding on Congress, bui simply
 to remind the 8 n te that such stij ul .ti ms had
 been given, as tar back as Jackson's adminis
 tration and made for the purpose, and with
 the view, of inducing Bpain not to part with
 Cuba to the advantage of an European pow er,
 and the consequent detriment ot our imer
 asts. And these views and acts of the Exe
 utive had been published again and again,
 and no objection to idem had ever been
 beard.
 But what was it that had been complained
 about? It was said that the President had
 directed a portion of the naval armament ol
 the United States to go to Cuba, fi r certain
 specific purpose*, and if the facts were as
 Stated, and supposed to be, those purposes
 were not only legal, right, and constitutional,
 but the course ascribed lo the was
 made hit duty by positive statute. This
 was a military expedition fitted out in the U.
 S. to act against Cuba —il that was ihe fact,
 as the law forbade, and, was designed to pre
 vent the fitting out of such expeditions in the
 U. S„ whatever the President had done was
 eoriect; whatever had been done had l»een
 placed upon the giound that the expedition
 wav a military one, and that it had been pro
 jected and coinmeneedjin the United Slates
 If so, the Executive w:»s by law directed,
 wherever he could within*and under the juris
 diction of the United Siates, to exert both
 the military and naval power, to supprtss the
 expedition. —If an Ameiican vessel was found
 on tire coast of Cuba in me execution of the
 purpose of the expedition, it was as much
 under our jurisdiction as if laying at one ot
 our harbors, for it was a generally admitted
 fact that the jurisdiction of the U. T. on
 board of American vessels extended wherever
 our flag floats. The Senator had also said
 that tf a landing was made upon the Island ol
 Cuba under a revolutionary flag, that was a
 breaking out of a civil war in which wc must
 remain neutral between the parties engaged
 in it. That he admitted to be true, but when
 autfh civil commotion was aided on the one
 side cr the other by tire fitting out in tins
 country l&gt;f an armament, that was against ihr
 law of 1818, rind what that law was express
 ly designed to prevent. The Senator had
 also thrown out a general remark, that he
 w as afraid this act of the President was ano
 ther of acveral acts calculated to lead to the
 suspicion, that the policy ol the administra
 tion is anti-republican. Mr. Webster thought
 the remark gratuitous and unfounded; —ht
 believed the President designed to execult
 ike law honestly, fairly and firmly.—He knew
 of nothing in ins hie or acts to lead to the
 supposition that the President was not a*
 good a Republican as the rest of them.
 Mr. Clay looked upon »he movement «i
 altogether premature, and did not design u
 enter into its discussion. He httped that thi
 Senate would not have their attention turner
 from the admission of Califoroa by any exp
 dit;on fitted out in the South against Cuba
 He moved that the resolution be laid on thi
 table, fvt the puipose of taken up tbs specia
 order, which was agreed to.
 1 be Senate then resumed the consideration
 oflne (‘nimbus bill, and Mr. Soule addresser
 the Senate in support of the amendment sub
 milted by Jefferson Davis against the pro
 posed compromise scheme. After a genera
 reference jo the former questions pending be
 tween the north and Suuth, be wbraiue
 seme remarks on the Texts boundary ques
 tiou. and objected to the provision of the til
 which cut off two and a hair degrees, which
 by the compact with Texas, tell to tbs slave'
holding territory. The fugitive slave bi
 had come back hardened with lestnenom
 the question referring to the District of C&lt;
 lurobia waa embarrassed with provision
 which gave up all the.rights which 'he aout
 had claimed, and freed all slaves Who wer
 brought into the District, and prevented
 citizen from getting a slave. The next pos
 lion was the admission of California, includin
 in her boundaries all the territory acquire
 fiom Mexico adapted to slaver cultivation
 before committing himself on this vote h
 desired to consider the nature and extent i
 ihe compensation given to the south in lh
 establishment of territorial government!
 Reading the tenth section of the bill whici
 prohibits the tetritorisl legislatures from pas
 sing any law hi relation to slavery, he asked
 what was this compensation? Nothing mor
 than the statu quo of Mexican law—the stat\
 quo of Mexican law with a vengeance.—
 First, the report declared that slavery doe
 not exist by Mexican law, and next the bil
 prevented the Legislature lrom even recog
 mzing slavery .—-Mr. Davis’ amendment dii
 nut surrendei the doctTine of non-interference
 it merely protected rights which belong H
 citizens of the territory under the Consiiiu
 lion. The tenth section was a oounterpaito
 ihc second resolution submitted by Mr. Clay
 which was met with such a burst of indigna
 tion and alarm. The bill, Instead of leaving
 the question of the existence of slavery ji
 Mexico to be deiermined, prohibited the
 territutial Legislature from passing any law
 on the subject, and gave to Congress the pow
 er ot voting any territorial law. He also
 considered the question of the existence ul
 slavery in New Mexico.—He admitted that a
 Constitutional Congress in Mexico in 18*24
 abolished the slave-trade. The measure was
 considered by Mexicans, as belonging to I hat
 class of legislation which is cal ed organic.
 It was consdered by the Mexican authorities
 that the Mexican law was superseded by
 American law; thus a law prohibiting burial
 rights to protestams, w as abolished and su
 persfded by Ametican law. But there was
 another kind uf slavery in Mexico Peonage
 —and, if the Mexican law prohibiting Alri
 can slavery prevailed, then the law establish
 ing Peon slavery also prevailed. It would
 iollow that an American citizen might be
 come a slave to Mexicans. ermont estab
 lished the same kind of slavery, by the firsi
 section of her Constiiution. It existed as an
 institution in Mexico, but he maintained that
 be did not himsell approve it. Mr. Soule
 closed his remarks with an eloquent ana im
 passioned appeal against the compromise
 measure.
 Mr. Clay said the debate had been conduc
 ted thus far with great irregularity. The
 question before the Senate was upon an
 amendment involving a single point, in the
 discussion of which Senators have launched
 out upon every branch of the whole snbjcct.
 In vindication of the action of- the Committee,
 he felt bound to answer some of the objec
 tions, which had been urged by the Senator
 lrom Louisiana. The Senator objects to this
 scheme of compromise. Would the Senator
 bring forward his scheme of compromise,—
 his proposition, which should give peace to
 the distracted country? It was his duty to
 s.ry what he wanted. The Senator* had ob
 jected that the compromise Committee had
 brought back the fugitive slave bill, burdened
 with restrictions, instead of improvements. It
 was a little remarkable, that the objections
 to the fugitive slave bill came from those
 Stales who suffered little or none from the
 escape ol slaves, while it was entirely satis
 tactory to those States which suffered most
 lrom that cause.
 Mi. Clay proceeded to defend the bill from
 the objections which Mr. Soule had urged,
 lu the course ot his remarks,
 Mr. Soule interposing, admitted that
 slavery was abolished by the Mexican law,
 hut contended that the Constitution of the
 United States set aside the law of Abolition
 E. O. instanti.
 Mr. Clay resumed—lf the Senalor so be
 lieved, what more did he want?—What did
 he ask*—What would he have? would the
 Senator say?
 Mr. Soule expressed his readiness to an
 swer. He was willing to abide ny the tenth
 section, it amended os proposed by his friend
 from Mississippi, (Mr. Davis.) and had no
 objection 10, but would go for the bill, with
 important but reasonable amendments.
 Mr. Clay w as glad to hear the Senatoi so
 express himself,—there was some hope of
 him afier all. He had supposed, from nis
 speech, that he was committed irrecoverably
 against anv measure of Compromise. Would
 Mr. Soule be satisfied with the section if the
 clause objected to was stricken out alio
 gethet?
 Mr. Soule would be satisfied with the
 amendment of Mr. Davis.
 M. Clay—But the Senator knew that they
 could not agree to that, because it assumed
 a tact, winch he denied, that slavery already
 exists in Mexico, and a so, that the Constitu
 tion ol the United Stales carried slavery
 there. If, however, he would he satisfied
 w ith a provision, that the Legislature shall
 neither establish not exclude slavery, he (Mr.
 Clay) wuuld.ftssent to it. li| was time that
 the troubles in the country should be com
 posed. He had not been among those who
 believed the immediate danger to the Union,
 existed; but he w as one of those w ho believed
 that if this agnation was continued a year or
 two longer, there was no telling w hat danger
 might ensue: if the dissolution of the Union,
 in terms, did not ensue, that w hich was next
 to it to be dreaded would—the dicsolution ol
 the ties ofCbmtian brotherhood, which bind
 us together as a nation. lie also expressed
 the belief, that if this Compromise Bill, or
 some measure of the same character, did not
 pass, nothing would be done for California—
 the territories, and a fugitive slave act; noth- j
 I mg to soothe the agitated feelings of the
 country, and to save the effusion of blood.
 And even if Congress should pass any one er
 I more of these measures, it w ould have no
 beneficial effect upon ihe country, because
 one section would continue biiterly to re
 proach the other, for having secured its own
 ends without making provision fur the others.
 He also again contrasted the President’s plan
 of settlement with that which the committee
 had presented, and called upon the friends of
 i the former in preference to the latter, to
 stand up face to face in its defence. He
 challenged the contrast. All agreed that it
 was necessary to restore peace and harmony
 to the country by some means; what then
 were the measures proposed fur that purpose?
 There were five gaping wounds, all and each
 bleeding, and threatening destruction. What
 was the plan of the President?—lo heal all
 the«e wounds? No, but to close up one ol
 them only, and leave all the rest to produce
 certain death, instead of proposing a plan
 comprehending the whole subject. He had
 pioposed one which was at most a feeble
 palliative.
 He (Mr. C'ay) had seen with surprise and
 regret the rebalance made by the Chief Mag
 istrate to the scheme of the Committee. The
 President had come here with his plan re
 commending the admission of California.
 The Senate agreed to that aa far aa it went,
 but thought it necessary to go further, and so
 proposed. The President ought then, in ihe
 spirit*bl Compromise which should prevail in
 both ends of the avenge w hen the Com
 mittee proposed additional enactments, to heal
 np these wounds, he should have hailed the
 measure with joy, and given it his sanction
 and support, instead of opposing it it in any
 mauner whatever. Mr. Clay also again
 commented upon the evils of a military gov
 ernment in a time of profound peace, as ap
 plied to the Teriitories, and ridiculed the idea
 of any action by which the South should
 maintain the equilibrium of power in the
 Union. Slavery was nut the only interest
 in the minority in this country; the mauulac
 luring, fishing, commercial and other interests
 1 were alt in the minority, and y«t the majority
 had not destroyed them. In conclusion, be
 referied to the settlement of the Miaaoen
 question, and predicted that the jov, triumph
 sad exultation which filled the country upon
II it* adoption, would be again witnessed upon
 the consummation of the pending measure,
 while the agitators who rode this slaver?
 b j hobby lor personal and party purposes, woo'd
 j I be hushed into silence by the acclamations ol
 e] joy.
 i Mr. Upham took the floor, and the Senate
 adjourned.
 r HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
 J Mr. Harris, of Illinois, introduced an
 i amendment to the Canadian reciprocity bill.
 e Mr. Fuller reported a bill for reimbursing
 I Maine for the expenses she incurred respec
 s Ung the Northeastern Boundary.
 The House then wentinlo Committee ol
 1 ihe Whole on the State of the Union, on the
 California Message.
 Mr. Haymund, (Whig) of Va.. had taken
 his position before the assembling of Con
 -1 gress, in favor ol the admission of California,
 and had seen nothing to change his views,
 i He defended the President from the charge
 1 of usurping legislative power, and invoked lu
 North and South to stand on the platform ol
 1 non-intervention, He said that he and Mr.
 Beale (dem.) represented one filth of the
 white (Kipulation of Virginia, and there was
 not a sane man in favor of a Southern con
 federacy. The people in the north-eastern
 section believe that the Nashville Convention
 was conceived in sin, and that ihe object ol
 ihe getters up is disunion. There need be
 no fears for the Old Dominion's pairiotbm.
 The disunionists in that commonwealth could
 be put to rout by her sxity clerks in office
 here.
 Mr. Gerry, (dem.) of Maine, said that the
 people of the North, in common with the
 civilized world, have no sympathy with slave
 ry, and with a few inlamous exceptions, will
 sacredly and religiously discharge the duties
 they owe to the Uuion and slave holding
 States. They don’t believe slavery will be
 abolished except by the action of the States
 where U exists. He was in favor of the ad
 missiun of California, and governments lor
 the territories, inhibiting slavery. If he
 could not do that, he was for oiganizatiou,
 proviso or no proviso.
 Mr. King, (Whig) of Massachusetts, ad
 vocated the admission of California, and
 wanted Congiess io adopt the pioviso. This
 done, we should hear no mure about ih9 an
 nexation ol Cuba, and the insatiable thiut
 lor extension would be quenched forever.
 The Committee rose, and the House
 adjourned.
 What I saw at noon«dayin the streets
 of Cincinnati.
 Friday, May 10 was a delightful day,—
 the sun seemed to shine with more than
 usual splendor; and as the several proceeding
 days had been characterized by cold raint
 and muddy streets, the inhabitants were in
 great numbers, to enjoy the balmy air ot the
 cheering spring. The hole city appeared to
 wear an aspect of peace and mildness that 1
 had not 1 e nre ol my short so
 journ within its busy limits. It Mas on this
 day, while sitting at my window studying the
 phases of human, nature that passed with
 the lively throng that crowded one of the most
 public and fashionable of her streets, that my
 ear was startled wi h the cry of‘‘murder!” 1
 looked out and beheld multitudes rushing to
 ward the market equate. But to dense be
 came the crowd, that nothing could be seen
 save the cloud of dust that arose from their
 centre, giving unerring indications that a
 struggle for life was there going on. Yet
 above the din and confused attendant upon
 such a scene, was heard the cry of an unfor
 tunate victim for “help.” Suddenly theciy
 ceases, and the gathering crowd way
 in all directions. One blow from a weapon
 neld in the hand of the Kentuckian had pros
 'rated the struggling victim, and silenced his
 cries. The captors, Jour in number, then
 drew iheir huge bowie knives, and cocked
 their loaded pistols, and one exclaimed with
 stentorian voice, "Stand back, you cowardly
 ruffians! ihe nigger is mine, and I’ll have
 him.” They then seized the negro, who
 had sufficiently recovered to stand upon his
 feet, and, with the blood streaming down his
 sable cheeks, they began to push him toward
 the river. The captive was a mulatto, much
 belter dressed than his raptors, and “looked
 much more the man;” he was slim and tall,
 and straight as an arrow, lie had diank at
 the fountain of fteedom, and appreciated its
 worth. He had resided for years in ihe city,
 nor dreamed of mules'ation; and the though)
 of being again returned to the lash ol hu
 master, caused him to renew his leeble ex
 ertions to escape the grasp of his inhumai
 pursuers. “Help, friends, help!” he cried
 as they hunied him or.; “for the love of God
 help, or I am lost forevei!” Then, by i
 superhuman endeavor he h»d nearly clearer
 uieir grasp, when a heavy blow from a cud
 gel felled him again to the earth. No help
 ing hand was raised in his behalf
 The savage Kentuckians then seized him by
 the collar of Ins coat and raised him to hu
 feet—then placing themselves, one on titliei
 side, one beiore and one behind, they burn
 ed him down the street at a rapid run, with
 pistols in hand, and their "shining blades”
 glittering in a noonday sun, shaking them at
 the ciowd and ihieatening death to all who
 should interfere.
 The negrb, fipm his exertions to escape,
 and from his bruises, had become so feeble ai
 to be unable to keep his feet at all times, and
 was, therefore dragged a portion of the dis
 tance. On they rushed amid the thousand
 gazers, taking the centre of the street, and
 teems, and carriages, and vehicles of every
 description turning aside at their approach
 until they had gained the hill that overlooks
 (he banka oftlie river, when they discovered
 ihat the ferry-boat had just left her mooiiiigs;
 but, upon being hailed by “the Kentuckians,
 the captain immediately backed his boat, and
 ihe captive was tumbled upon her stern, fol
 lowed by Ins captors, who scarcely had time
 to clear her raile before she was off again.
 When the boat had gained the centre of the
 liver, and was beyond the reach ol the mis
 siles that were hurled after her by the crowd,
 the gallant Kentuckians made the welkin
 ring with cheer after cheer, in triumph ovei
 their achievement in seizing at mid-day in s
 land of liberty, and in a crowded city, a ha
 man being, and bearing him back to the lasl
 to chains, and pirpetual slavery. The boai
 reached the opposite shore, and the negri
 landed in Kentucky.
 The above is a hasty sketch of a scene pre
 sented at one o’clock P. M in Wainu
 street, Cincinnati, the greatest thoroughlan
 in the city, I wish it were all fiction, a men
 dieam— but it is true, every word. 1 havi
 heard, but I do not yet know how true tin
 rumor, thst this same man has been kidnap
 Ed oncu before, and proved his freedum
 is name is George Jackson, and has beer
 residing in the city for several years carrying
 on the business of a barber. It has been de
 cided in the courts of Ohio, that the negro u
 a free man the mon ent he steps foot upon he:
 soil; and yet her citizens have stood calmly
 by and permitted one of their fellow being!
 to be carried into slavery without ever hav
 ing asked the question whether he was oi
 not, a slave, or asking even that the forms ol
 law should be observed. They have per
 mitted theit laws to be trampled upon and
 set at defiance by an armed band from a
 neighboring Stale, who have flourished theii
 bowie knivea and pistols in her public streets,
 and shook them in the faces of tier citizens,
 without their ever having asked, "why dc
 ye so!” and all this after having pretended te
 take the lead as a friend of the slave. 1 have
 not time, sir, to comment upon such cow
 ardly conduct, such utter disiegard for the
 dignity of the laws of their State or theii
 country. I blush while I say it, the atari
 and snipes—-the flag ol our common country,
 emblem of' liberty, justice, and union—wa:
 majestically waving almost over the very
 heads of the crowd who were gathering
 around the prostrate-man, until it tutted tin
 pleasure of four Kentuckians to carry hitr
 into captivity. (Mi! that it had turned into a
 whip to aeourge the backs of those who per
 aimed n.
Yet, Mr, it is just su&lt;4 scenes as this that
 Mr. Webster and his lugg ailing of worship
 per* and admirers woo have occur in ev
 ery city and in every State in our Union.
 Mr. Webster ’a speech as done more to em
 bolden men to such dev Is of daring than art
 the slavery speeches i rade in Congress. It
 has thrown a mantle of indifference over the
 masa of the inhabitant of the States, and
 they will tolerate note rhat was intolerable br»
 Jure cause Mr. Webetersays it is constitutional
 They are sacrificing life dictates of humani
 ty and the of their own judge
 merit, to the superior wisdom of the great
 expounder and sage fren the altti slavery and
 puritan State of Msssrtfcuaetts. Mr. W eb
 ster says, “there exist the greatest prejudi
 ces, the greatest misapprehensions,” in re
 gard to Mason’s bill, it is so. It is mis
 apprehended, because he suppotta it. The
 moral and anti-slavery garb of Webster is
 thrown over it, and us real hideousnesa is
 not seen. The boyish and silly attempt to
 escape 4hif responsibility of hia declaration,
 that he would support the bill, only makes
 his position the nrmie contemptible. His
 friends, state that he was made to say whai
 he did not mean by ike transposition of the
 word “which.” He mid he would support
 Mr. Mason’s bill to its “fullest extent
 this is not denied; but bow was he to do this
 of a bill which he was to load with amend•
 mentsf It will require the remainder of Mr.
 Webster’s life to wipe out the evila v. hich
 that speech has brought to the slave and the
 opponents ol slavery in this country.
 J. S. P.
From Correnpomlence of tlie Boston Trans
 cript.
 Interesting from Cuba.
 LaNdivq OF GcM. b* l *»»n T*«m* oi
 Cardenas.
 Gcp. Lopez landed at' Cardenas, aboui
 ninety miles from Havanna, on the I7h insi
 with about 500 men, and took possession ol
 the town. The garrison consisted of one
 company of about sixiy men, who made but
 a slight resistance. They were driven into
 a church, and after losing three men, killed,
 surrendered.
 Gen. Lopez landed from the steamer Cre
 ole, which left New Orleans on the 13th in&amp;t.
 Several other vessels, containing in all about
 1500 men, left New Orleans before the Cre
 ole, but have not arrived.
 The greatest excitement exists at Havana.
 The city is under martial law, and several
 thousand militia had been enrolled, and arms
 were distributed among them. The resident
 foreigners were all called upon to enroll.
 There were 1500 troops at Matanzas, and
 800 were despatched from Havana on the
 lOih inst., to re-inforce them and March
 against Lopez.
 it was rumored that the force under Lo
 pez had increased, and lhat he had advanced
 half way io Matanzas. On the 16ih, news
 was received that a large force was collected
 on Woman’s Island, near Catoshe, Yuca
 tan.
 A general of marines, with several’vessels,
 and three thousand uen, started immediately
 lor that point.
 Just before the Ohio left, the Spanish
 steamer Pizarro came in with 105 passengers,
 mostly Get mans and Irish.
 The report was that they' were to be shot
 at 12 o'cluck that day, or at least every tenth
 man, the halai ce to be confined in the dun
 geons of Moro Castle.
 It is known that some 10 or 12 vessels
 have left New Orleans, and differe.it parts of
 tl e| Gulf, probably to land instantaneously
 at Different points.
 It was reported that Gen. Lopez had bro
 ken up the railroad to Cardenas at several
 I laces.—The merchants at Havana were re
 moving their money to the fort lor safety.
 The Ohio, Georgia and Falcon were com
 pelled to anchor at the entrance of the har
 bor.
 Capt. Schenck protested thro’ the Amer.
 Con’l to the I 'aptain General, and demanded
 a safe anchorage, hut was refused, and told
 that he might go to sea as soon as he pleas
 ed. None of the passengers, except those
 who had passports, weie allowed to go
 ashore. No communication was allowed be
 tween ihe passengers, not even between the
 oTi&lt;&lt;r until a permit was obtained from the
 Captain General.
 The Ohio was oblged to wait more than
 15 hours for a permit to transfer her passen
 gers, after Bhe was ready for aea.
The Cuba Expedition.
 A correspondent of the Courier and Enquirer
 writing from Washington May 16, says:
 The Spanish Minister presented the case
 to the President last night, and despatches
 were immediately forwarded to the Gulf
 Sqadron to arrest the movement, if praciic
 able. I doubt very much whether these or
 ders will reach their destination in season to
 operate advantageously, and I look to the
 otxt intelligence from Havana with the most
 fearful anticipations. An event like this,
 sanctioned, as it has been, hy distinguished
 Southern gentlemen, may give a dangerous
 complexion to pending question*. We can
 only wail ard watch. The future is shrouded
 in gloom and in terror.
 A correspondent of the Express has the
 following:
 Washingtnn, Friday, May 17—Night.
 1 have seen a letter to-day from Bridge
 port, (Barbadoen.) from an official source,
 which throws a Hood of light upon the mys
 terious manoeuvres of the so called Cuban Ex
 pedition.
 If the statements in this letter be true,
 this affair is far more extensive and com
 prehensive than you are aware of, and so I
 think yuu Will be ready to acknowledge, ere
 long.
 The writer says: “Cuba, Barbadoes,
 Jamaica and Hayti, are beyond all manner of
 doubt destined to change their rulers, and
 ere another let'er from me may reach you,
 the terrible work (fur terrible it will be) wiii
 have commenced.”
 The World’s Industry.—Sir Henry
 Bulwer has addressed a letter to the Secre
 tary of State under instructions from his
 Guvernment in which he says “that her Maj
 esty’s Commissioners have settled the am
 ount of space which may be assigned to the
 productions of each country in the building
 which is to be erected for the exhibition in
 Hyde park, and that they have allotted to the
 productions of the United States eighty thou
 sand square feet. He adds.—■
 “I am also instructed to request that the
 United States Central Commission may be in
 formed that about one-half ol the gross apace
 so allotted to the United Slates will be re
 quired to be given up to passages and other
 purposes; and I am to snoe that, as it will
 be necessary that her Mt esty’s Commias
 lO.iers should receive timely notice aa to the
 vxient to whh h each country will tako ad
 vantage of the offer thus made, her Majesty’s
 Government are anxious to be enabled to
 communicate lhat information to her Maj
 esty’s Commissioners ou oi before the Ist of
 September next.
 1 also enclose, for the information of the
 Central Commission in the United States,
 the accompanying memorandum which has
 been prepared by the direction of the British
 Commissioners, containing a classification,
 under four section, of the articles whi*b are
 to be admitted to the exhibition of 1851; and
 I am instructed to request lhat the United
 States Central Committee will have the good
 ness to state fiow they purpose to apportion,
 with reference to that classification, the
 space to be occupied by the articles which
 they intend to send for exhibition.
 H. L. BULWER.
 The Secretary of State says that these
 documents*will be speedily laid before the
 pubftc for the information of all who are in
 terested.
 Great Exhibition or 1851.— At a meet
 ing held in London on this subject, Mr.
 Cobden stated in reply io an objection agsinsi
 “putting the market 1 in England by Ute ia-
trodociion of so many manufactured eommw
 ities, that he would disclose a secret which hr
 (bought would dissipate any alarm that migh
 be entertained about a glut of the market
 There was a project aft on foot in the Unite*
 States for purchasing the exhibition booth,
 when it was finished in this country, an
 carrying it over to America —[loud lauglnet
 and cheers If Such a project had original, t
 elsewhere, he should hare laughed at it a
 chimerical; bnt knowing that the parti,
 were men of high respectiahlity and large
 capital, one of them being the owner of Uit
 iine of packet ships between Ltveipool am
 New York, he had no doubt that it would h
 carried into effect, and that it would al».
 prove a right good speculation. Now, wl.si
 became of the opinions of those on his ex
 .rente left, who he feared were rather Den
 •crstically inclined! But the fact was, the
 lid hot like to have the exhibition connecie
 with royalty; hut what would they say to th.
 tact that their republican friends across th
 Atlantic—the wide-awake Jonathans—wer
 coming over to buy the exhibition, and carr*
 t back to their own country! Aa he hn
 teen all the correspondence on the subject
 ie con Id state that they proposed this pla.
 »n percisely the same ptinciples on which i
 was advocated here, namely, in the nope th#
 ihe manufactures of their own country woul
 be likely to derive improvement frum a friend
 ly rivalry and comparison with thuse of othe.
 countries.
From Hath. The brig Enoch Benner,
 arrived at this port on Monday morning, Iron
 Port au Prince 2d inst. A letter received by
 her contains the following:—
 Port au Prince, May 1. I arrived her*
 on Saturday last from the Cape, and fount
 'the United Slates aieamer Vixen and sloop?
 •t»»r Albany and Germantown, with M.
 Duff Green, S(«ctal Agcn* «f «t»« Umu
 States, on board the former. Mr. Green ha
 been some time at St Domingo City, on
 mission from the United Sutes government
 On Saturday he had an official interview
 with the Empeior and hia Ministers, and do
 mantled that a person should be appointed i
 meet and confer with him on certain claim
 he had to present. This has been accorded
 and Gen. Ddvar, the late minister, had bee&gt;
 named, and 1 suppose to-morrow they wit
 hold their meetmg. Delvar is perhaps th.
 beat man tha* could be chosen, as he has bee.
 some time in France, from whence lie ha:
 just returned. He is a black, and quite in
 telligent. Mr. Green tells me one of th.
 principal questions he will bring forward wnl
 be the recognition of our consuls as com
 mercial agents, and that they shall enjoy th.
 same rights and privileges aa others.
 As lor the pecuniary claims, 1 douh
 whether he will get much, aa the slate o
 the finances is such, that the government
 cannot pay, if they would. A thousand and
 one rumors are afloat as to the intentions o.
 our government in coming forward with aucl
 claims at th.s lime. Some of them dal.
 back to the time of the Emperor Ciiristopiie.
Receipts
 For the North Star, smcelast acknowledgment
 to May 27,1860.
 Hon. William H. Seward (don) 6.00
 Hon. S. P. Chaw (don) 6,00
 Samuel Rhoads (dor.) 8,00
 S. Whitmore (don) 2,00
 Lewis T.ippan 2,00
 Lewis Burtis 2,00
 J. B, Vashon 2,00
 John R. Wood 2.00
 A. B. Doty 2,00
 Stephen Shear 2,00
 J. Burrells 2,00
 Joseph J. Ellis 2,00
 Mrs. Harall Matoa 2,00
 William -cringer 2,00
 A. C. Stanton 2,00
 Daniel Mitchell 2,00
 Wm Earle 2,00
 John Francis 2,00
 Mrs E. Winson 2,00
 I Orinda Boles 2,00
 Abner Bridgeman 2,00
 Joseph George 2,00
 David Wright 2,(0
 Cyrus Bradbury 2 00
 fasil Dorsey 2.00
 W. A. Sherman 1,00
 Bradford Bulock 1,00
 8. A. Wiliams 1,00
 Bradley Lee 100
 J. Philipps 1,00
 Mary don Mowring 1,00
 Nancy Hunt 1,00
 F. Newmora 1,00
 A. Wi kiasoo 1,00
 C. Cosby 1,00
 K. Cosby 1,00
 John George 1,00
 C.&amp;. Y.Garlick 1,(0
 Frederick Miles 2,0 u
 John -mith k Ce; 2,00
 N. H. Duul.tp 1,00
 J. P. Powell 1,00
 William Riley 1,00
 Prince Jackson 1,00
 P. A. Palmer 1,00
 Lorenso Maffit 1,00
 Austin Cross 2 00
 Tabor Colvin 2/ 0
 Lydia Fuller 1,00
 Obudiah Thorne 1,00
 Alfred Wi.kinson 8,00
 Mr. Perliainus 2,00
 Ekhidge Packham 2,00
 lohn Powly (Don) 1,00
 John Howe Newell a 1,00
 T. James 2,00
 Matthew Smith 1,00
 Wesley Philipp* 1,00
From the Ronton Chronotypo.
 Coniumption prevails an matters are, and pick*
 off ihe best and pretti st of us, in ouriHime. In
 ibis state of things we must do the best we can.
 piece ami patch up the web of life, with journeys,
 voyages, and medicines. Of all the medicines we
 know of, Dr. Wistar’s “BALsam OF wild CHER
 what we first recommend. We have in *ur
 office a living proof of its efficacy, who, but toF it,
 would have been beneath the sod long «tp. The
 inventor of this medicine, Da. Wistsr, was a
 man of science, of huuianily, and undoubtndl\
 prepared the reiuedv in its best form, and die pub
 lic may rely upon Mr, Fowl# for the genuiue ar
 ticle*
 TO FAMILES.
 From the great usefulness of this medicine the
 proprietor wouWi respectfully recommend it as a
 general FAHILY nkdicine, an I advise every
 family to keep it constantly by them, as it will not
 only be found much superior to the Cough Mixtures
 ■n common nse, but likewise muck more safe f.n
 either children or ad. Its.
 It not only emanates from a regular physician,
 but hat also been well tested in alltho complaints
 for which it is recommended. It is not my inten
 tion, therefore, either to ckutk it in mystery, or in
 any w.y deceive tlie publie by overrating its
 virtues; on the contrary, I shall simply emleavoi
 to give a brief statement of its usefulness, ami flat
 ter myself that its surprising efficacy will enabl
 me to furnish proofs ol iw r virtues, as will satisfy
 the mo«t incredulous, that consumption may auu
 'Car be CORED,” if .bis medicine be resorted to
 in time.
 Be careful and get the genuine DE. WISTAR’S
 BAL 'AM OF WILD CHERRY. None genuine,
 u.ilees signed bv I. BUTTS. Address all orders
 to sera w. FOWL?, Boston, Mass.
 For sale by Post At Willis; also by Wh.
 Pit RIB, k J
 A FINGER BITTEN ENTIRELY IFF!
 Two miles sooth of Chicago, Sap. 14,1848-
 Dr. Sloan—Sir: On the Bth inst. my son hade
 finger bitten entirely off by a home. We immed
 ately applied your celebrated Ointment which re
 lieved bun of puiu In a few minutes, aad prevented
 die finger from swsling the team particle, aad the
 wound is now .healing rapidly.
 jMf putUDbittU fruffl Araniii
 g” #4 wugg M^vHU
SUtJtrtiflemtntß
JOSEPH C. BUSTILL, General Age*! Book-
 Keeper, Accountant, and Confidential Let
 ter Writer, would most respectful It reform bis
 (fiends and the public in general, that he has fw
 their accommodation, opened his office for ah
 kinds of Agencies, the keeping of Books, cast
 lug accounts, writing letters upon business, Ac.
 Deeds, VV ills. Bonds, Mortgages, the drawing of
 Bonds, articles of agreement, Constitutions, bye
 law*, reports,oornsnanicatiom.. fee Ac., at N0.1*9,
 South Sixth Street, below Pine, Philadelphia, Pa.
 where by hie strict attention to business he hopes
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 ience and esteem. Terms Cash. Office boars
 rom 9 a.m. to 9 r a.
 Also Agent for the North Star, single copse
 »f which ran be obtained; and the sale of Lots i.
 1-ebanon Cemetery. tf
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 now"ready.
 The Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—/
 History of these remarkable sounds and of t.&gt;
 be Strange Phenonena connected therewith, th
 Spiritual Communications Ac. Ac-,—price, sing).
 I2jcts—lo copies for $l. Orders by mail will b
 &gt;m uptlv attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 ogelber wiib other new and valuable works t
 vhom a fair chance to make money will be given
 V small capital of from 016 to R2d rrqtiiree, an
 he agent will be indemnified agai st loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 nar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y
 Hope Grand Union Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of th
 State of Pencsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ..delphia, would most respectfully announce to tl&gt;
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charter,
 .nd organize Union* throughout the State of Peui&gt;
 ylvania.
 Terms for Charter, *6.
 Application* for Charter* mu.l be mails to
 MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 16'
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S. 8. No. 147 So
 6th, Street.
 A JOURNAL FQR EVERY HOMI
 THE
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A weekly pater, detotid to
 Temperance, Education, Literature, Re
 form and Intelligence generally.
 WM. A. WHITE, Hi.u oHAS. W. SLACK
 EDITORS.
 IT is nniversally conceded that Intemperance an&lt;
 Ignorance art-the fruitful sources nearly a'
 :rin.e, and in the eradiction of these this paper i
 .ctively interested. It likewise freely express.
 Ik sentiments of its editors upon all Uk great re
 brmatorv questions of the day, and sympathise
 .vith all the enterprises of Christian lienevolence
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, eacl
 •umtier will contain Original and Selected Stor.a
 Letters from Correspondents, A deles on Agricultural
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Ltterary Nctine
 md Pickings, and a mmplete summary of the Nett
 f the Week.
 QtJ- The NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Nint,
 Volume, and the present is a favorable time to sub
 scribe.
 TERMS. —Two Dollars per Annum, m
 rartably in advance. No suliscription taken for le#
 than six months. Address all orders (post paid) t.
 WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, Ao. 30 School St. Boston
From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Cure. —In another page of this pape
 will lie found the advertisement of Dr. Charlk?
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mars. We, some months since, had tin
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in tl.is country o
 Dr. W. as a political refugee, from Dresden, an
 are now happy to chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so short a ride of New York. Hi.
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large cirri,
 of friends hi* remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doubtless crow,
 with patients the institution over which be pie
 sides, ami which is situated in one of the lovelies
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-lore Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends a»d th.
 public, that lie has become the owner of the late Di
 Rugbies’ Water-Cure Establishment at Rensonvilfe
 2i miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot,
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 6 from Boston,
 and 6 from Albany,situated in one of the pleasenten
 vallies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks,and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coklest grami*
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. 'I he new ann spaciou
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences foi
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge bath,
 douches and aiiy lodging rooms for about 60 pa
 tieuts, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, it.
 The Doctor being (he earliest now Lv.ng diacipl.
 of Priessnitx at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perieme of more than 16 yeais of his own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of ever;
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confid.
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas and French Sacks,
 telling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and um public, that one of tlie firm bar
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received tlie LONDON ANt
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, Ac., of the richest and most fashionabb
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, Ac.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent,embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL.
 CALL ASD SEE FOR YOURSELVES as we fee
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are ai
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can Is
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior mam er than they can get Uiem made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at sB,&amp;&lt;
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks. 1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large
 and will be sold off at astorishixoly low fri
 ces. All persons requiring such goods are invitet
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 56 Main st., Rochester, am
 14 Catharine st., New York. oct26 8m
Hair-Catting and Dressing at
 ZD. A J. PATTERSON’S Saloou, under tin
 Estate, Buffalo-street nov 16—8 m
 The 014 Cnrasity Shop,
 *At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the patronagi
 awarded him, would respettfully inform In.-
 triends and the public generally, that he has recent I
 eularged his establishment and augmented his steel
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children's. New tun
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 me ill he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanic.!
 and agricultural implements, and indeed ail thorn
 various odds and ends” of which may not bt
 readily obtained at otlier places. It is his intentioi
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnisher
 with an endless variety of articles for which be wil
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with oeatnes*
 and despatch.
 Dost forget Tbe Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
 Deatal Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochestei
 and surrounding country, that 1 have removed ay
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 1 hankfnl tor past favors in ths lias of my profes
 sion, aad flatter mg myself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor ate with their pa*
 nonage. 1 would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations perforated on the teeth oi
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 themselves. _
 A. CLARK.
 N- B. All ooemioas performed by ms on the
 teeth and Plate Work warranted.
 Rochester, Out. 18,1848. tf.
 Notice,
 RIENDS OF THE SLAVE, ami strangers on
 s twit to the City during tbe anniver*sry week,
 can be entertained with eooD beard and privai*
 accommodations at 380 Pearl Street, New York,
 April 16tb, 1850.
 WILLIAM P. POWELL
 IIVTAJUUTIV&amp; OF THE LIFE OF FEEDER.
 NICE DOUGLASS, writua by himralf, to be
 *A »t this gftOt, JiCtoi W roots; new JEdit. I7|c
SLOAN’S COLUMN.
W" All the medicine* advertised by W. B. Sloan
 are sold In Po*t k WHlis, Winslow k Young, Ro
 chester; 8. Kenshaw, Frankfot; A. S. Bairvto
 Co., Lewiston; T. kA. Frye. Brwkport; Cale*
 Nye, Pittsford; W. William?, Buffalo; and by
 most druggists throughout the Usited States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT is now nniversally ac
 knewledged to be aa infallidde remedy, in every
 case wheruit has been faithfully applied on the hu
 man system, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, hul In its healing
 qualities the world does not pro.'uce its equal,
 public pronounce it the rlwnpest ami best Fami
 ly Ointment that hits ever been used. All diseases
 &gt;f the Flesh. Obstinate Ulcers, Old Sores, Cbil
 (ihtin*, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, CutaMOo*
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 lie Eye, Ague in the face, elite, bmk, and the
 &gt;ther part# of the system, Bods, Ulcers, Scald
 ‘lead, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, n«d every knd of
 «res containing the least particle of inflammatioa
 n permanently cured by thi*
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake si-, Chicago, in.
 DOCTORING IN GALENA.
 Mr. Sloan:— Door Sir. Alm.it dire* yearaaf#
 I was severely injured in one of mv iegs by the
 tailing of a pile of wood which oouswned large
 uniting ulcers. Nearly every doctor in Galena
 trier! tocuretlKm; but tried in v#n&gt;, until from
 &lt;vmpathv and improper tres'meet my other leg be
 came as bad as the one originally wounded. I
 leapaired of ever being well ag .hi ,r fitter
 bat 1 might neglect no means c.luia my reach, 1
 ,aircha*ed of your agent in Galena some of your
 Jiiitment. and you can judge u* my surprise and
 'latitude bettet tlrnn I can express it, to find my
 kll entirely well before 1 had finished using the
 -econd Itox.
 These facts I make known tlmt otliers afflicted
 nany believe and not delay using so valuable Ml
 hutment as yours has proved to be. Re*pectluUy»
 .our uraieful friend, EVAN IS.
 Galena, 111., Dee. 19,1848.
 ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan—Deer Sir: I hereby certify
 hat my son Alliert, eleven years of age, was
 dflicted in his feet from the time he first began to
 valk, the bottoms of which were covered w ith a
 iard dry skin full of craks, causing pain and much
 iffliction, many times he was obliged to go on his
 •andsand knees, has he been free from
 he sore affliction until now; balding the skill of
 everal physician*; but to our surprise hi# feet are
 iow perfectly smooth soft an hit liou* •fucks, aii
 rom one application of vour •in! r.tcnt, I would *.y
 Ik boy put it on hiinseff as an experiment of his
 ,wa, from hearing in recomnxiHfed Nothing more
 vas thought of it for three work:, at which time
 lis feet were near about in a l.ja.'J-y ’V.tc, and are
 miw Uk same as thonyh they never lutd been other*
 .vise. Yours, Ac.
 ISAAC PAPFN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1848.
 FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wi*., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan Dear Str: In ray opinion,
 Ik greatest cures effePted are those that have
 ongest resisted the skill of die Medical Faculty,
 Vdmitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 o wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 rippled two year* with five large deep ttlcers. just
 bove the ankle. The leg wa* so much *wollen lie
 ould not get on a boot. Nearly a'l the most pep
 ilar Physicians in various places, have treated his
 ase without any beneficial effect. _
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my advice,
 f succeeded in reducing die swelling and healed two
 .f the sores. The other three I labored at till the
 irstof February, without much if any benefit, when
 I gave him a box of Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C.B. 08 TRANDER, M. D.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE J
 IN THE WORLD.
SLOAN’S Ol NAME AT
 AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
BURNT TO CtNDEXSj
 W. D. Sloan.—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thank# for your UNPARAL
 LELED Ointment. Tluce week# ago my daugl:-
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before Uk dames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, the
 child was so badly burned that death seemed inevi
 table in fes# thun twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add dmt the child j*
 now well ami about lier business.— ‘l he medians is
 dl and more than it is recommended to Ik. Every
 roily and person should have it in dieir r
 llObi* I
 i feel [indedted to you for my child’s life, and
 anything that 1 can do for you or your lncdkiue, I
 am ready and willing to peilorm.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. C(LAN£-
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28th, 1849. f
For Parity, Mild™**, S'fttg, Certatntg}
 ■and Tkorou&amp;hnt*i *S MM A’A’
 OINTMENT Excite,
 And is rapidly superseding all otlier Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for tlie cure ol Um following
 tiseaves:
 Fresh Wounds, GUIs of all kinds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cracked Heels, Ringbone, Windgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, SUf.st,
 Strains, Lameness,Sand Crack*, Foundered (set.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Disien per.
 Tbe Powder will remove all iiirtanunaii'-u aad
 lever, purify tlie blood, loosen Uie skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of Uie body and
 nas proved a sovereign remedy lor the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bouud, Loss of Appetite, Inwwrd
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of ibis Ere*.
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 ala! to many valuable horses in this couutry. It is
 also a safe ami certain remedy for coughs iind colds,
 which generate so many fatal diseases.
 W.R. su-oapt.
 Grand Lmxe st., Chicago, Illinois*
 TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Ilorae Math
 dines. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, testify ilieir approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them widi roufi
 cence. Cures,almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Erery disease which the Iwrse
 IS heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 .Sloan’s Medicines. TRY THEM and test lor your*
 self their efficacy.— lß. Organ, Mag 6th, 1840.
 HIGHLY SPOKEN OF. I
 Extract from the Waukrtha Democrat, 1 Wit.
 Mag 9,1849. an
 “Sloab’s Midicixes.”— a sucseritier writing
 from the town of New Beilin, requests us to ssy,
 that he has used Mr. Sloan’s H»im Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, sad
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 recommend it to Umee aim have Uie use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan’s medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and from the favorable so*
 quaint&amp;nce have with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that they are prepared with a view to
 to whatever purpose they art re*
 RATTLE SNAKE KITE.
 Dr. W. B. Sloae— Dear Hir— Last month If
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher HBI, Indiana, hade
 baaatadiy bitten on the nose by a Kauiesaahe.
 fgotae tea hours after, I saw the bo?re, hi. hroH£
 reanarkabiy swollen, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, aad we were astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded, la less than one hour the
 swelling began to abate, sod in twenty four hours it
 had nearly all subsided, sod within three days Um
 borss was not only fit for use, Inrt was actually put te
 hard labor without aay injur vou* result.
 Yours, respectfully,
 L. M. BAKTU.IT.
 tc«i«A*ir, (W.,) Jwm mi.
"
