"|p o etr s.
From Eliza Cook’s Journal.
 USE THE PEN.
 ®Y J. K. CARPi:i»TKB.
 Use the pen, there’s magic i«
 Never let it lag behind;
 Write thy thought, the peu can win it
 From the chaos of the rnind.
 Many a gem is lost forever
 By the careless passer-by;
 But the gems of thought should never
 On the mental pathway lie.
 Use the pen, reck not that others
 Take a higher flight than thine;
 Many an ocean cave still smothers
 Pearls of price beneath the brine;
 But the diver finds tlie treasure,
 And the gem to light is brought,
 So, thy mind’s unbounded measure
 May give up some pearl of thought.
 Use the pen, the day’s departed
 When the sword alone held sway,
 Wielded by the lion hearted,
 Strong in battle! where are they 1
 All unknown the deeds of glory
 Done ol old by mighty men.
 Save the few who live in story,
 Chronicled by Sage’s pen.
 Use the pen, the Sun above us,
 By whose aid the chemist’s ait
 Stamps the forms of those w’bo love us,:
 Showing us their counterpart,
 Cannot hold a higher power
 Than within the pen enshrined,
 When, with wisdom for its dower,
 It daguerreotypes the mind.
 Use the pen, but let it never
 Slander truth with death-black ink;
 Let it lie thy best endeavor
 But to.write what good men think;
 So thy words and thoughts securing
 Honest praise from learning’s tongue,
 May, in time, be as enduring
 As the strains which Homer sung.
 THE IRON HORSE.
 There were noble steeds in the days of old,
 They were fierce in battle, in dangei bold;
 They clanked in armor, and si one in gold,
 And they boje their riders with lordly pride;
 But the Iron Horse, there were uone like him!
 He whirls you along till your eye is dim,
 Till your brain is crazed, and your senses swim,
 With the dizzy landscape on either side!
 He springs away with a sudden bound,
 His hoof, unshodden, ground,
 II is nostril dashes its foam around.
 Like the first faint clouds of a thunder shower;
 And a stated moment he ever hath,
 When he rushes forth on his iron path,.
 And woe to him who shall rouse his wrath,
 By curbing him in beyoud’the hour!
 While oilier steeds must lie champing hay,
 Must repose by night, and be fed by day,
 Let the Iron Horse hive his level way,
 And be asks for no more than his fire and water.
 He wears no bridle nor curoing chain,
 He brooks no spur, and lie needs no rein;
 Only set him forth on the open plain,
 And he’il be the last horse to weary or loiter.
 All seasons and times he will fearless brave,
 Whether hot shines the sun, »r the north winds
 rave;
 He flies o’er the earth, and he rides the wave,
 Like a shadowy cloud o’er the harvest fields;
 He lieighs aloud as ha dashes by,
 And jlie fire-sparks flash from his gleaming eye,
 And tli* vales resound, and the hills reply
 To five rapid rosli of the flashing wheels!
 His breath is hot as the shoe's blast,
 As it hisses forth through his iron teeth,
 A nd it rolls up slow when he hurries past,
 Like the morning mist, in a snowy wreath.
 And you’d iietter stand in the van of war,
 Where the vollied death-shots fly free and far,
 And thousands fail ere the fight is o’er,
 Than to cross the path he flies upon,
 Whenever the hurled and loud-rattling car
 Like a thunder-gust comes roaring on l
 On our mountain ridges his chariots gleam,
 He follows the track of the winding stream;
 He carries us forth from our early homes,
 To the fairy scenes of the glowing 'Vest,
 Where the Father of waters in grandeur roams,
 Away! away 1 with his ceaseless roar,
 The valley and stream lie will hasten o’er;
 Away! away! where the prairie lies,
 Like an emerald sea, ’neath the fair blue skies,
 With naught i i view save the waving grass,
 The flowers that bend ns his chariots pass,
 And in black and fearful hosts alar,
 The countless herds of tlie buffalo,
 'I hat start at the gleam of his shining car,
 And away*!oud bellowing and thundering go,
 With a speed that no foot of tlie deer can pass.
 The prairie-horses shall toss the mane,
 Tear ibe giouad will, their hoofs, and neigh
 aloud,
 When this stranger-steed, o’er their free domain,
 Comes rushing on, like a flying cloud,
 But he heeds them not, as lie onward speeds,
 A sound shall lie heard thro’ the inuuutaiu caves,
 A sound thro’ tlie gloom of tlie pathless glen,
 Like the hollow murmur of breaking waves,
 Or the measured trampling of mail-clad men;
 Tis the Iron Horse; Ik? hath passed the bound
 Of the wild sierras that fenced him round;
 He hath no more ou the land to gain,
 His path is free to the Western main!
 LOVING HEARTS.
 BY AUeeSTiIC DUCABBE.
 O, tell me not the world dark.
 Witii shadows lengthening to the tomb!
 Mine eye* would ratlier fondly mark
 Where suuiight fiitshes through the gloom.
 And I would fain in error,dwell,
 If truth such darksome lore imparts,
 And rather die than e’er dispel
 My dream ol loviko heart*.
 Tlieir perfume would forsake tlie flowers,
 The golden hues of summer fade—
 The hushed birds droop in withered bowers,
 And sunny brooklets sink to shade;
 And o’er the soul of living things
 Would fall the gloom that ne'er departs,
 If from our bright imaginings
 Were banished Levikg heart*.
 They are around us and above—
 Half-hidden—a* in wild-wood leaves
 Close nestles some white-breasted dove;
 And lie is happy who believes
 That they are living, though unseen,
 Like light ere from the cloud it starts;
 And he is truly blest, I ween,
 Who loves those Lovtxo hearts.
 A OEM.
 Tlie memory’ of a glory pasted away
 Lingers in every heart, as in the shell
 Ripples the bygo t# freedom of the sea;
 And every hour new signs of promise tell
 That the great soul shall once again be free;
 For high, and yet more high the murmurs swell,
 Of inward strife for truth and liberty.
 _ —Lkioh Hurt,
iltisceJianeous.
A MODERN ROBINSON CRUSOE.
 That pious feeling among sailors
 which is so frequently awakened by
 the vicissitudes of their lives, has called
 the name of "Providence” to be given
 to more than one coral reef and deso
 late Island in the Indian Seas. Rare
 ly perhaps, has it been more appropri
 ately bestowed than if was on a small
 rocky islet which lies to the northward
 of the Mozambique channel a few days
 sail from the Isle of Bourbon. This
 story is scarcely known even to Mari
 ners of the nation to which the hero of
 it belonged; and therefore to make it
 familiar to our readers may not be
 thought undesirable:—
 In the year of 1820, M. Cremacy,
 the Captain of a Bourbon trading ves
 sel, resolved to visit the little Island of
 Providence, in order to obtain a cargo
 of cocoa-nut germs for planting in the
 colony to which he belonged. The ap
 pliances for navigating the eastern
 coast of Africa were at that time very
 rude. Chain cables were not known
 but were made from the fibres of the
 plain, simitar to teose which are called
 goumonton in the Belebeo, coir on the
 Spanish main. These cables are very
 liable to be cut by the sharp reefs and
 coral bottom which abound so plenti
 fully in the Indian Ocean; and in or
 der to spare the anchors, a wooden
 frame filled with stones, called a pe
 gase was the frequent substitute.
 Immediately on his anchoring in this
 manner at Providence, M. Cremasy
 went on shore, and sent back his boat
 with her crew to the ship, while he ex
 plored the island. He had thus been
 occupied for sometime, when the ca
 ble of the pegase broke, and the ves
 sel was carried out to sea by one of
 the violent currents which set off these
 shores. The mate made sail as spee
 dily as he could to regain the anchor
 age; but he was unable to head the
 current, and the night fell while he
 was endeavoring to do so. The cap
 tain left on shore by this accident, had
 on at the time nothing but a jacket
 and a pair of white trousers, and for
 his sole weapon a manchette, a kind of
 short sabre used in boarding.
 When he found himself condemned to
 pass the night in _this desert island, his
 first care was to construct a place ol
 shelter; and with the broad leaves ol
 the cocoa tree he built up an ajoup,
 or hut, and made his supper of cocoa
 nuts, eating the fruit and drinking the
 milk. He did not sleep over soundly,
 for he was tormented by ajvague appre
 hension concerning his vessel; the sense
 of loneliness oppressed him, and he
 was somewhat in fear of rats and other
 noxious animals. At day-break he
 was on shore anxiously looking out to
 discover a sail on the horison; bul
 nothing was visible through the misty
 morning air. The sun rose and dis
 pelled the mist, but his rays fell upon
 a wide expanse of azure sea, unbroken
 by any vessel.
 He sat down on a reck, and began
 to meditate upon his future destiny.
 There was but one course open to him
 —to bestir himself for the supply ol
 his daily wants. With his manchette
 in his hand, he set out once more to
 explore the territory of which he was
 the unwilling sovereign. He got noth
 ing but cocoanut for his breakfast, and
 dined also upon the same fruit—a lux
 ury to a school-boy, but held not in
 equal estimation by a hungry sailor,
 though he thought himself lucky that
 the island produced anything eatable.
 By dint of prosecuting his researches,
 M. Cremasy succeeded in making an
 addition to his vegetable diet in the
 shape of some wild cucumbers; but he
 was unwilling to eat them raw, and
 had no means of cooking them by fire.
 A native, if the island had been peo
 pled, would have lit one for him by the
 friction of two pieces of wood. He re
 membered the method of the savages;
 and procuring a sort of light wood,
 made a hole in it with another piece of
 a harder kind, and by twirling it rap
 idly endeavored to kindle a flame; but
 whether from accident or want of skill,
 he wasnot successful in his attempt;
 and when the sun went down he was
 once more left in darkness.
 On the following day he again look
 ed out for the ship but again without
 success. He therefore redoubled his
 efforts to procure fire, and by dint of
 perseverance at length produced a
 light smoke upon the wood. He then
 hastily collected some fibres-bres of the
 cocoa nut, and placed themin contact
 with the ignitied substance, and at
 last was rewarded by a brillianj spark,
 which presently broke into ablaze.
 He now got together a sufficient
 quantity to keep the fire all night,
 heaped it with branches and dried leaves
 and watched it with interest until the
 third moruing broke. Tired out with
 his exertions, he at length fell asleep,
 but he had not been asleep long, be
 fore he was awakened by a singular
 noise, as if some one was slowly creep
 ing towards him.- He opened his eyes
 and looked wishfully into the obscurity
 of the dawn, and presently saw a large
 object stealing across the sand.
 He grasped his manchette and wait
 ed nervously for its nearer approach.
 At length he discovered an enormous
 turtle, come according to the habits of
 that animal to lay its eggs above high
 water mark. The turtle always selects
 a situation that catches all the rays of
 the sun; they make a hole in the sand,
 cover up the eggs, and fifty days af
 terwards, without fail, their instinct
 brings them back to disinter them.
 At the moment when the layer of sand
 which covers them is removed, the
 young turtles break their shells and
 follow their dam to the water’s edge;
 and when they reach the waves, they
 make themselves fast to her belly, and
 are towed out to sea, to qualify them
 jn time for the feasts of the aldermen.
 As soon as M. Cremasy ascertained
 who his early visitor really was, he
 walked stealthily towards her, and turn
 ing her over, kept guard over her till
 daylight came, and dispatched her.
 It was a task of some difficulty to cut
 her up; but when he had succeeded,
 he found himself repaid for his trouble.
 The turtle was capital. He boiled the
 meat which he thought excellent, and
 preserved the fat which he disposed of
 in the shells of the small turtle on the
shore} and oat of the fibres of the co
 coa nut be made wicks, in this manner
 constructing a very notable sort of
 lamp, antique in fashion, and moreo
 ver, highly useful. To season bis
 turtle, be then procured salt from the
 evaporation of sea water, and convert
 ed the shell of his visitor into a cald
 ron. With these civilized means of
 cooking, he ceased to enjoy his cocoa
 nut milk, and laid in a stock of fresh
 water, obtaining it by sinking a well
 into the sand.
 It soon became necessary to wash
 his linen, but he could not bring him
 self to the resolution of remaining a
 siogle instant entirely naked; he there
 fore would wash one garment at a time
 wearing his shirt until his trowsers
 were dried, and vice versa. He next
 burnt a clear space round his hut to
 keep off the rats, and fortified himself
 within a ditch, well fenced against in
 trusion by sharp palmetto branches and
 the stiff leaves of prickly pears.
 In the course of his walks he had
 seen a number of pigeons, who allow
 ed him to get tolerably close to them;
 he therefore set to work to hunt them
 down on foot with a long pole, and
 thus added a very agreeable dish to
 his repast, for when roasted, they pro
 ved extremely tender and succulent.
 With flesh and fowl to supply his
 table, it was not long before he got a
 third requisite of 1 good dinner. On
 the south side of the island was a coral
 reef, upwards often leagues in length,
 which the tide, when it went out, left
 high and dry. At low water the fish
 hid themselves in the hollows where
 the water remained, and our solitary
 islander discovered in this fact a new
 source for employment. Every day at
 low water he went out to the reef,
 sought for the reservoirs, which con
 tained the greatest number of fish, and
 then harpooned them with his boarding
 sabre; some of these he salted and
 the rest were immediately cook
 ed.
 But however earnestly M. Cremasy
 labored to improve his position, on* 2
 thought dominated over all others—the
 hope of finding the means of escaping
 from his solitude. When not employ
 ed in procuring and preparing food, he
 passed his whole time on the lookout
 for any vessel that might shape her
 course within sight of Providence
 His eyes were ever turned towadrs
 that point of the compass where his
 own ship had disappeared, and.a thou
 sand painful apprehensions disquieted
 him—the dread of its having been
 wrecked on some of the sunken rocks
 of that dangerous archipelago being
 the most paramount. But he was not
 one to give himself up for any time to
 inactivity. He knew the value of the
 proverb which tells men to assist them
 selves if they look for aid of others,
 and accordingly resolved upon con
 structing a beacon which should be
 visible at the distance of several leagues
 It was without difficulty that he suc
 ceeded in collecting a sufficient quan
 tity of heavy wood to make a pile; he
 heaped it a mass of dry leaves, and
 placed dry branches in alternate lay
 ers with the trunks of the cocoa and
 the palmetto. This accomplished, his
 eyes wandered toward the ocean to
 seize the favorite moment for lighting
 up his beacon; but da/ followed day
 and his solitude grew more and more
 dreary. His only pleasure consisted
 in watching the frigate birds as they
 chased the gulls, and robbed them of
 the prey they brought home from the
 great waters. It was, after all a mel
 oncholy sort of pleasure, for the
 screams of the tarnished sea birds did
 not tend much to enliven the solitari
 ness of the shore.
 M. Cremasy at length began to get
 uneasy about the condition ofhis ward
 robe. How could he manage to cov
 er himself, he asked, when his shirt
 and trousers were torn to tatters.
 The necessity of the case suggested
 an expedient. He manufactured a
 kind of cloth out of the thread-like
 substance of the interior ol the palm,
 wheth he wove together as well as he
 was able. It was not a firstrate pro
 duction, but it served at all events to
 prevent the sun from scorching, and
 the night air from chilling him, and
 then he had the ineffable satisfaction of
 admiring his own handiwork. He
 managed also to fabricate a pair of
 sandals out of the ropy bark of the co
 coa-nut tree
 In this primitive costume he deter
 mined upon examining the island thor
 oughly. The task was not difficult,
 for Providence is little more than two
 leagues in circumference, and the sur
 face is nearly level. About one-third
 of it, the part which lies to windward,
 is covered with a forest of cocoa-nut.
 The currents and the prevailing'winds
 have cast innumerable seeds on the
 eastern shore, where they have ger
 minated, taken root, and in the lapse
 of ages created the forest we spoke of.
 The remainder of the island is merely
 a sandy plain with stunted shrubs scat
 tered here and there; but little grass,
 and what there is, course in touch and
 salt to the taste. A more desolate spot
 altogether can hardly be imagined;
 and here it seemed probable that Mr.
 Cremacy was destined to end hia days.
 Deliverance came, however, when he
 least expected it.
 He was one evening returning to
 his ajoupa in a very pensive mood,
 absorbed in thoughts of the home he
 feared he should never revisit, when,
 as he stooped to gather some shell-fish
 for his supper, be fancied that some
 thing like the sails of a ship glittered
 on the horizon in the rays of the set
 ting sun. He had been so often de
 ceived by the clouds which assumed
 the same form, that he was afraid to
 trust to his first impression. He
 watched the object steadily and noted
 that, while the aspect of everything
 else changed, this alone preserved its
 first appearance, and, moreover that
 it was nearing the island. He could
 no longer doub: that it was a ship.
 His heart beat high between fear and
 hope. Was if his own vessel or a
 stranger?—Should he at once light the
 beacon, at the risk of.rapidly, and per
 haps uselessly, consuming what it trad
 given so much trouble to collect?
 But the sail gMw closer. He re
 solved to take his chance, ind the mo
 ment it became dark enough for his
 purpose, he set fire to tie pile. A
 pyramid of flame shot up in :o the sky,
tod a minute afterward* the report of
 a gun assured hi* that the signal had
 been seen. He |ow listened intently
 and the next sosnd that reached his
 ears was the noiii of the oars in the
 row-Jodks, as with measured beat thej
 urged the boat as| ore. The keel gra
 ted on the rocky bottom, but he bad
 already hailed the crew, and in the
 joyous answer ttyri floated over the
 breeze he heard jhis own language,
 and recognized the voices of his ship
 mates. The vessel in the ofling was
 his owu, and the mate had come back
 to look for him. Carried away by the
 violent currents, and water and pro
 visions failing, the former had been
 obliged to make for Anjouan, near Ma
 gotte, to vitual the ship; he then re
 turned in search of his captain.
 The exile wrote the history, of his
 thirty-two days’ imprisonment, and pla
 ced it in a bottle, which he hung upon
 one of the most prominent treeß on the
 coast. An English vessel passing by
 a few months since happened to send a
 boat on shore for a supply of cocoa
 nuts, and thus discovered the narra
 tive. The sailors also tound that the
 island was overrun with wild poultry;
 for when M. Cremasy took leave of
 Providence he left'hehind him a small
 stock, which multiplied as he desired.
 It was an offering of grateful remem
 brance for the mercy which had spar
 red him.
Pork Eating. —The Jews, Turks,
 Arabians, and all they who observe the
 precept of avoiding blood and swine’s
 flesh, are infinitely more free from
 disease than the Christians; more es
 pecially do they escape those oppro
 bria of the medical art, scorfula, gout,
 consumption and madness. The Turks
 eat great quantities of honey and pas
 try, and much [sugar; they also eat
 largely and are indolent, yet do not
 suffer from dyspepsia, as the Chris
 tians do. The swine-fed natives of
 Christendom suffer great devastations
 from a painful tubercular disease of
 the bowels (dysentery) than from any
 other cause. Under my own observa
 tion, and in my own experience those
 persons who abstain from swine’s
 flesh and blood, are infinitely more
 healthy and free from humors, glanu
 lar diseases, dyspepsia and consump
 tion; while in those districts, and
 among those classes of men where the
 pig makes the chief article of diet, tu
 bercle in all its forms of eruptions,
 sore legs, bad eyes, and abscesses
 most prevail. It is a remarkable coin
 cidence, that Prince Edward’s Island
 has a climate exactly similar to Great
 Britain, yet the inhabitants are not con
 sumptive, neither is the pig here culti
 vated.—Parry on diet.
A Pleasant Occupation.— A cor
 respondent of the Albany Express has
 furnished the annexed, account of an
 individual residing at Lake George,
 whose employment is thst of catching
 and taming rattleshakes, the “staple
 commodity” of the principal mountains
 in the vicinity of the Lake:
 During my rambles, I fell in with
 a queer old covey, apparently about
 sixty years of age, who profers the
 sport of catching rattlesnakes to the
 more pleasant and less dangerous one
 of shooting deer and other wild game,
 or catching trout. I was shown six or
 eight ofthese amiable creatures, which
 were safely secured in a strong cage
 made expressly for their accommoda
 tion. I his man sells large quantities
 to itinerant show-men—others he kills
 for the purpose of obtaining their oil,
 which is said to be very valuable, be
 ing an excellent remedy for rheumatic
 and other complaints. The modus
 operandi of catching them is as fol
 lows: A strong leather loop or noose
 is attached to the end of a pole eight
 or ten feet in length—with this pole
 he cautiously approaches the den, in
 front of which the snakes bask in the
 sun, placing the noose over the head
 and neck—the noose being so construc
 ted that when the snake struggles the
 tighter he is held, rendering escape
 impossible. When the old fellow wish
 es to tame them and render them harm
 less, he extracts their fangs in the
 following manner: He lays the. head
 across a log of wood, then places his
 foot on the neck, pressing it until his
 snakeship throws back his upper jaw—
 the mode in which they bite—he then
 applies a pair of pincers, and, with the
 coolness of an experienced dentist,
 pulls out the fangs one by one! He
 has been twice bitten by these reptiles,
 and at one time came near losing his
 life, his body being swollen in a horri
 ble manner—but he fortunately discov
 ered a w'eed of spontaneous growth on
 the mountains, which has proved to be
 an infallible remedy for the bite of the
 rattlesnake. It is said “there is no
 accounting for tastes" —this man’s em
 ployment is a pretty fair illustration of
 this saying.
English Law. —Lord Brougham,
 n a speech on May 12, 1838, drew the
 allowing picture on English Law.
 A mass has been engendered, in
 rhich the obscurity of darkness alter
 ates with the glow of cross light;
 leagre explanation with inexcusable
 rolixity; repitition with omissions; re
 ugnancy with truism; amass of which,
 it be not termed nonsense and con
 radiction, only escapes those epithets
 rom the respect due the venerable
 ame of a statutary record.
 The reports of esses in the Courts
 11 five hundred volumes, the statutes
 ear forty, or between 30,000 and 40,-
 00 quarto pages; while Napoleon’s
 'hole Codes, five in number, crept in
 750 duodecimo pages. Well might
 e boast that he would descend to
 iture times with his Code in his hand.
 -Ohio Standard
Dress and Merit. —Guard, the famous
 rench painter, when very young, was the
 sorer of a letter of introduction to Laniu
 has, then the counsel of Napoleon. The
 )ung painter waashabbily attired, and his
 •cepiion was extremely cold; but Lanjunaias
 scoveied in him such striking proofs of tal
 )t, good sense, and amiability, that, on Gi
 ird&gt; rising to take leave, be rose too, and
 Mompanied his visitor to the ante-chamber?
 he change was so striking, that Girurd could
 at avoid an expression of surprise. "My
 bung friend,” said Lanjunaiaa, anticipating
 te inquiry, we receive an unknown person
 wording to his dress; we take leaie of him
 joording to his merit.”
AsylM for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON'S Hydropathic ud Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite tbt
 Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successfal opera*
 tion. The proprietor analyze* every ditea* r:hat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 -1 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-care establishment id
 the United Sates, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the on/jr
 or principal temedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by alt
 other systems ef practice, and are still unable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different para of (lie coun
 try, who bad neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them w|)en they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst farms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumutiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the nbove diseases for the last ten years, and lias
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has lieen his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain tlieir health a sufficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being benefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 uiy all the expenses from .any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with liis professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against miSiepiesentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shill be
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by tlie i urine nee of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that liavfe spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to tlieir beds from
 five to twenty years, that tliere is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one tlie
 United Sates, and is particularly adapted to tlieir
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From tlie nature of treatment in this Institution,
 tlie nnniber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may lie easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless tliey wish to get well, and are willing
 to lie made well euough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 tliat call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course oftreatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by tlieir in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insli
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet tlie above expenses if,
 required.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 last season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 ties for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity lias been pronounced equal to water on a
 distilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 a short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 vicinity abounds in a variety of scenery, and lias
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthlul results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Dea. 8., of Warwick, Mass.; aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me fast
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross tlie
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 &gt;ear. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 and was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to, walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, ghel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 provement to her health. She now attends to her
 domestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 Patients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 one pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 half a dozen towels marked, with old linen tor
 bandages.
 Terras, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those wlio are less particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are willing to occupy tlieni in common
 with others, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods*
 AIT ANUF ACTUREI) by the American Free Pro*
 ill. duce Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia;
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick: Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 ke. Sic.
 'Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J, Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—if
C»l«re4 Sailors 1 Home,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 M the slave, and strangers on a visit
 1 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as tow a price as in any other
 house in the city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1849.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg*
 rHS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser*
 vtcable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and sturgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used tile limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior lo any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Springfield, Mat*.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Cwrrier k Hudson.
 They war rati tntue satisfaction
 kimxicii.
 Drt. Hamilton and Sf raoue, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Garsom, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moor*, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Houen, eepl-HJm
HtlsteA’s Eclectic Medical Imitate,
 aid Water-Care Estakltskmit.
 npHIS Institution has been in successful operatic*
 1 during fourteen years, for the euraof aH Chrouk
 Disease*, mid inch us /aim* be removed by amdi-
 C ‘mORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tient# have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who lad been confuted to their
 beds for years, and aho wire almost in despair,
 have bad renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as them selves, have been cured by this
 treatment aftew everything else bad failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties. CURVATURES
 Ac., which produce symptoms of almost all othei
 diseases, with their accompaniments— as DYS
 PEPSIAJUiEUMATISMiNEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THI
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITTf, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not care—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds jus)
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not corns
 yourselves, and save life, time and money 1
 W« are using water in all the various ways ir
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments’; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines at
 they are generally understood and applied; hut t
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY
 and a new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in om
 half the time it takes under any other treatment
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is noi
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (fallim
 of the womb,) Leucorrltea, [whites] suppressed am
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident U
 that period known as the turn of life’—iuvoluntan
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing
 more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within tlieir own practice
 Females frequently suffer for years from the disease:
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most i
 few monlhs’treatment, would remove tlieir difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health u
 labor, to enjoy themselves, ami to contribute to tin
 happiness of others. This has never failed to bt
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution
 however weak and helpless the patient may liavi
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds' a
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriagi
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. Them
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving tin
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chroruc dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer tk
 following
 PROPOSITION:
 We wilt enter Into a special written agreement wit)
 such as desire it, who enter the Institutian, follow thi
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, arui
 give them our professional services, free of charge, ij
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it it
 hoped will pnt a stop to cries of empyricism iron
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn oul
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend tlieir money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties u
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 final for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go ua
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment
 without fear or trouble in regard to their origin AL dif
 ficulty. To produce this almost instantaneous reliefs
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and sfull.
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post jmid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution— Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, Ac., free ot
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed toll alsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid.
 References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 TOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colt red
 Cambrics.
 Curtain Calico. Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities and
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
 Strijied Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.l
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton,
 k lannels 4-4 good and price low. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Twilled Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling Ac.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various No#., bleached, brown,and
 colored.
 adding white and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Penned Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Sugar good quality, of various grades,
 the whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 of country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by tlie Managers of tlie Free
 Produce Association, to assist tlie Subscrilier to en
 large tlie assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sU
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office oi
 of the Anti Slavery Standard
 Tin? Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth lib
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 300- eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 874 cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 12J cents.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 181 cents.
 Win. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Park hurst, Boston.—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Aiti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to the. business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul—tf
“Every Man bis owb Physician. ll
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various nfedi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailyfpractice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very uSefid for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 rat Botany, and will furnish on that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are pot up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12J cents. f
 The symptoms o'f each disease are carefully given
 to that one may be recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on tlteir causes,
 mean of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, |for both
 ■J
The book ha* been written with great care, h&gt; a
 plain, simple, common-sense style eerily to be wi
 rier *u*xi by every person, and by a practical phyri
 cfanawU thorough botanist. We can recommend
 it with entire confidence, as being a week superior
 a all respects to any other hook of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Families in the country, and especially these liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climate*, should
 not fiul to procure a copy ami have it at *H times at
 hand, ia case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and pro true
 ted doctor* hill. Whether well or sick, enth a book
 should be in every house as a safe and sure adviser
 in time of need, the direction given for pwaons in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by Ml.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none sboukl he
 without it.
 The book is put up in Paper binding, Sad can
 easily be eent by mail. Postage only cents to any
 aart of the United Sates.
 W* Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pnd paying postage on the letter, shall hare four
 copies sent him free of postage.
 Svita in your orderss, there is no risk ia sending
 money by mail, it comes to ns daily, and the books
 always reach tb'ir destination.
 Qcj* Four families can chib together end send a
 dollar hill, and bare four (looks sent to one atklress.
 WANTED—Agents in most of fae Sates to sell
 this work, almost every family wifi purchase it it
 earned to their doors. A small capital of from #2O
 to #5O wiH be necessary for each agent. Address,
 wot paid, GEO. W. FISHER,
 •April!, 184®. G Exchange-st, Rochester, N. Y
[G. W. MERCHANTs
 F I F R It 1 F I»
 GURGLING OIL.
 TOU HORsKS a HI MW FT Iml J
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 AS THE HOIT
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered
 TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on tlie list of pipular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of tlie most disinterested character of its w o
 denut effects on tlie animal economy is a lira, t daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy «f spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraoruu.ary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted tlie attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of die
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion Uiat any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years lias nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most vases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS Af
 fections, Bite* of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, ffilirns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, Ac.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and oliter
 'animals,such as
 SPA HNS,
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 Windgal], Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 Fivtula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, tfc, tfc.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pal
 tients themselves,and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 The cekgtrated Dr. Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and in all rheumatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have lien reduced
 by general treatment, in suth'cases, it is tlie most
 efficient remedy within tlie circle of means uow iu
 use.
 1 would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where tliere is no
 general fever in all the above diseases, to be used
 freely, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and tlie
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hand* of
 the FARRIER, FARMER and 'STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES\
 This is to certify that I have bad for many years die
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all die
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never raw its
 equal. I ü ß e about one bottle per month, and re
 eomuiend it to the public as the best medicine for
 hotses now ill use. E D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will La
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by the use of this medicine.
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B,
 Swan,•Winslow A Young, H. D. Wade
 Rochester.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson Pander son, deve]
 land, O.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O,; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany;
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Greennian A Smith, Util
 ca; P D Orris Co, Troy, NY. July 13—
1 British Periodical Literature*
 i The London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Renew, the Westminster Renew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 THE wide-spread fame of these splendid period*!
 cals renders it needless to say much in tlieir praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far m advance ol
 anything of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace tlie views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, beiug conducted bv his son-in-law, (hr.
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publiseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in on*
 work tlie best features of both as heretofore issued.
 T lie above Periodicals ate reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of the originals, Bhtckwood’a
 Magazine, being an exactof the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES FOR 1849, (IP SUBSCRIBED FOR EARLY.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, $3 00 par annum*
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 700
 For all four of the Reyiews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 Fo«" Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in all cases in advance
 CLUBBING. t
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular auo
 scription for three—tie fourth copy being gratis*
 EARLY COPIES,
 A late arrangement with toe British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magaaine secures to us early sheets ol
 that work, by which we shall be aide to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before any
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. For this and other advantages secured to
 our subscriber* we pay so large a consideration, that
 we maybe compelled to raise the price of the Mags.
 wm. Therefore we repeat sahrei ibe early wh,to
 the price is tow. 1
 Remittance* and comnranieaiioss should alwava
 m Fulton Street .New York,
"
