"The NORTH STAR is published every
 Tkatidaf, at No. 29, Ba*»lo Street,
 Opposite the Arcade.)
 FREDERICK D KJGLASS, Editor.
 TERM"*.
 Two doij|ar« per annum, always in advance. No
 •abocriptioa will be received for a Icm term thau
 •in month*.
 Adverti*oi«eaii not exceeding ten tines inserted
 tore* tils*?* for one dollar; every f-übsecjnent inser
 tion, cenls.
Tbc object of tbe North Stax will be to aboli*b
 SLAVERY in nil iu form* and a»pcd*; advocate
 Universal Emancipatio*; exalt the *tHtM.laid
 of pjiiiic morality, promote the mw »l and intcllec
 uml improvement ol the Colored PaofLe; and
 hasten tbe day of FREEDOM,to the TitßK*
 Millions of our enslaved fellow ssuotrymen.
 PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 fcf- All communication* relating to the business
 matters of the paper, name* of subscribers, remit
 tances Ac., should be addressed to Frederick
 Dooolass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 fv*. Agaat*, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office,
 the Cot my, and the Stott. Each Subscriber i* im
 mediately credited for money received.
 Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a fifth copy for o &gt;e year.
 All letters and communications must be poet
 paid.
 LI9T OF AGENTS.
 Miss a chb setts.—R. h Wallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 W. Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 Oja n**ctictiT.-‘ f-‘ ‘«r Cogswrtl, BrsaltihH
 New York -Sidney H* Gay, 142. Jhmm
 Street: William Hnttted, Anti-Slavery Ofbce, 61,
 Jebn Street; John J. ZuiUe, 48, Watts Sfrcwt;
 Joseph Port, Westbury, ftbeen County; Mary
 Harper, Albany, LI ms Doty, Macedon, Wil
 lefts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J.
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; L. L. Platt. Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Atnaraiicv Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania.-- J. &gt;L M Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bust ill, 149.
 So. Sixth Street,Do-; 8., Bown, Pittsburgh; Wm.
 Whipper, Columbia. Milo A. Townsend, New
 J- J- Game®' Cincinnati Chare*
 Hand, Harvevsburgh, Clinton Co; Samuel Brookie,
 Baiem D* Huntingdon, Cbardon, Geauga Uo.;
 Hush Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Ur mna, hampugn county.
 Michigan.— Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Illinois. lleniv O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 Canada. —John James Carey, 1 oronto.
WILLIAM S. CLOPOB, PRINTER
Selections.
From the Massachusetts Spy.
 POLITICS AND THE PULPIT.
 Rev. Henry Ward Beecher has been
 recently engaged in a controversy with
 the Journal of Commerce, concerning
 the propriety of introducing the topic
 of slavery into the pulpit. That paper
 has lately had its sensibilities wounded
 by an allusion made by Dr. Lansing to
 Daniel Webster’s position, and by Mr.
 Beecher’s article in the Independent.
 The Journal has therefore conceived a
 great horror for “Free Soil Sermons,
 although it seems to have no objection
 to a clergyman’s writing a political
 pamphlet in defence of slavery as aided
 and comforted by Webster. In the
 last number of the Independent, Mr.
 Beecher publishes a stirring article jus
 tifying the introduction of the topic ol
 slavery, as a moral question, into the
 pulpit, and also urging it as a duty.—
 He says in a strain of indiguation:
 “Three million men, against natural
 law, against every fundamental princi
 ple of our state and national govern
 ment, are, by law, thrown over lire pale
 of the race, and dent«il et» Err mm.
 This is not fit.for the Pulpit to mention;
 it is allowed, nevertheless, to preach
 about China and India! Every year,
 thousands of children are snatched
 from the parents’ bosom, and remorse
 lessly sold everywhither. The Pulpit
 is not the place for mentioning such
 things, though it be allowed to snatch
 children from the Ganges, and to
 mourn over infanticide in Polynesia!—
 Every year, husbands and wives are
 torn asunder, Christian or no Chris
 tian; and the Journal of Commerce
 brow-beats that pulpit that utters a
 word about such politics when it should
 rather be busy in expostulating with
 eannibals in Malaya, or snatching dev
 otees from under the wheels of Jugger
 naut! Every year, thousands of wo
 men are lashed for obstinate virtue;
 and tens of thousands robbed of what
 they never have been taught to prize;
 and the Journal of Commerce stands
 poised to cast its javelin at that med
 dlesome Pulpit that dares specie of
 such boundless licentiousness, and send
 it to its more appropriate work of evan
 gelizing the courtesans of Paris, or tbe
 loose virtue of Italy! and it assures us
 that multitudes are thanking it for such
 a noble stand. Some of those clergy*
 men we know. The platforms of our
 Benevolent Societies resound with their
 voices, urging Christianity to go a
 broad: stimulating the church not to
 leave a corner of the globe unsearched,
 nor an evil unredressed. But when
 the speech is ended, the steel is behind
 the Journal of Commerce to give it
 thanks for its noble stand against the
 right of the Pulpit to say a word about
 home-heathen about their horrible
 ignorance, bottomless licentiousness,
 and about the mercenary inhumanity
 which is every week selling their own
 Christian brethren, baptised as much
 as they, often preachers of the gospel
 like themselves, praying to the same
 Savior, listening to snatches of that
 same Bible (whose letters they have
 never been permitted to learn) out of
 which these reverend endorsers of the
 Journal of Commerce preach!
 It requires distance, it seems, to
 make a topic right for the Pulpit.—
 Send it to Greenland, or to Nootka
 Sound, and you may then practice at
 the far away target. And the reason
 of such discrimination seeins to be,
 that preaching against foreign sin does
 not hurt the feelings nor disturb the
 quiet of your congregation; whereas,
 if the identical evils at home, which
 we deplore upon the Indus, or along
 the Burampootra, are preached about,
 the Journal says that it will risk tne
 minister’s place and bread and butter;
 and it plainly tells all Northern minis
 ters that tf they meddle with such pol
 itics, the)' wilt have their coats rolled
 in the dirt; and the experience which
 we have had of that operation at the
 bands of tbe Journal, assures us that
 the process is full dirty enough. Will
 tbe Journal tell us how many leagues
 off a sin must be before it ia prudent
 and safe for courageous ministers to
 preach against it?
 Our laws scarcely recognise a crime
 against man, save murder and violence
 gain to it, that is not legal under sieve
VOL. 111. NO. 25.
laws. There is not a sensual vict
 which we are taught to abhor, whicl
 .slavery does not monstrously engender
 There is not a sin which religion con
 demns that is not garnered and,sown
 reaped and sown again, by Americar
 slavery. Among freemen, the road o
 honor lies away from animal passion
 fiom sensation, towards Conscience
 Hope, Love, and Spiritual Faith. Bu
 Slavery sharply turns the wretch down
 ward and teaches and compels him tt
 aibuive the task of life from such mo
 tives as are common to him with the
 ox, the ass, and tbe dog. The slave’t
 pleasures are our appetites. His mo
 tives are, almost of necessity, those,
 from which religion most earnestly de
 horts us. To our chldren labor it
 honorable, because it is God’s ordina
 tion of mercy; because it is an educa
 tion; because it is the road alike to
 health and temperate pleasure; because
 it is the parent of wealth; because by
 it the cheerful laborer builds bis house,
 rears his children, and gives them
 the means of knowledge. By Labor,
 the North has subdued Nature, chunged
 a parsimonious soil to fertility, built
 dwellings for almost her whole popula
 tion, raised the school-house, estab
 lished the church, encircled the globe
 with her Bhips, and made her books
 and papers to be as blades of grass
 and leaves of sumtger for number.
 But in the South, as if unredeemed
 from the primal curse, Labor, a badge
 of shame, is the father of misery. The
 slave labors with no cheer; it is no!
 the road to respectability; it will honor
 him with no citizen’s trust: it brings no
 bread to his family; no grain to his
 garner; no leisure in after days; no
 books nor papers to his children. It
 opens no school-house door, builds no
 church, rears for him no factory, iays
 no keel, fills no bank, earns no acres.
 With sweat, and toil, and ignorance,
 he consumes his life to pour the earn
 ings into channels from which he does
 not drink; into hands that never honor
 him, but perpetually rob and often
 torment.
 This vast abomination, which see hes
 and smokes in our midst, which is en
 nervating and demoralizing the w tite
 by the oppression of the black; in
 which adultery, fornication, and a con
 cubinage so awful exist, that, in com
 parison to it, a Turkish harem is a
 cradle of virgin purity; which every
 hour does violence to nature, to the
 sentiment of justice, and to the embod
 iment of that sentiment into national
 law; a system which makes n home im
 possible, and the word family as much
 a misnomer as it would be to a stable
 or sheep-fold; which subsists only by
 keeping the subject ignorant; which is
 obliged to rank and treat the qualities
 which our community most esteems—
 independance, ambition, self-reliance,
 thirst for knowledge, self-respect—as
 most punishable crimes in the slave; a
 system whose practice requires what its
 laws recognize, that manhood must be
 subvertedfe-that the slave must be in
 telligent only for work, and religious
 only to the extent of obedience; a sys
 tem which, taking away all induce
 ments to labor natural to man, is ob
 liged to by suffering, or the
 fear of suffering which, denying to the
 faculties of a natural expres
 sion, forces the miserable wretch to
 cunning and craft, to lying and subter
 fuge; whose whole natural tendency is
 i to produce labor upon compulsion, and
 laziness by choice, lying and thieving
 under a sense of justice, and truth and
 honesty with a feeling of their injus
 tice: and which, at length, m its worst
 1 and most damnable result, so subfer.ts
 that instinct of liberty which belongs to
 man the world over, that the slave
 agrees to his condition, grows fat, and
 laughs and sings, preferring slavery
 with indulgence to eat and drink
 I enough, to liberty, if he must pay the
 price of that liberty by sustained exer
 tion; —this huge, infernal system for
 the destruction of meir, soul and body,
 j must not be mentioned in the pulpit,
 i lest the Sabbath be desecrated and the
 peace of the congregation be dis
 turbed
 We shouid be glad, accoruing to4he
 patent method of the Journal, to teach
 men how to act upon Christian princi
 ples, in their political position, without
 saying a word about the subject. We
 should heartily rejoice if we could in
 i spire Christian honesty in Commerce,
 without ever discussing men’s coinmer
 cial duties. The Journal evidently
 knows how this may be done. Will it
 not bless the world with the secret? It
 has in mind doubtless some Gospel
 that will tree men from evil and not
 disturb them; that will snatch away
 their sins while they are aslep; some
 i chloroform Gospel; some Gospel that
 will convert the African slave-trader
 without saying a word about the slave
 trade; that will send Bruin and Hill to
 the altar and the communion table,
 without saying a word about the slave
 pens and their weekly purchase and
 tale of Christian girls and church mem
 bers; that will convert the thief, and
 by some charm lead him to abhor steal
 ing, without saying a word about theft;
 j .bat will make men intelligent in all
 their relations to their fellows, without
 saying anything of their duties; that
 will turn the heathen from idolatry,
 from fornication and incest, from infan
 ticide and cannibalism, and the whole
 retinue of abominations which we name
 heathenism, without one word said, ex
 cept about the literal Christ cruci
 fied," which the Journal says must be
 preached, whether men will hear or
 lorbear. It must be preached in its
 puniv and power, whoever may be of
 fended. It is not man’s message, but
RIGHT OF IS NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR;
God’s, and must be delivered faithfully
 The Sabbath is eminently the day, am
 the pulpit the place for this solemn acl
 It must be a Gospel of doctrine, o
 abstract truth; but by no means a g&lt;&gt;H
 pel to disturb him from practical sins
 And we almost believe Lowell to hav&lt;
 stolen his doggerel from the Journal:
 I’m wilting a man should go toll’able strong
 Agin wrong in tbe nbatrnet, for that kind o’ «rooj
 I* always unpopular, and never get* pitied,
 Because it’s a crime one ever committed.”
 If the excellent editor of the Journa
 of Commerce were doomed to be
 member of our congregation, we don’i
 know how we could reconcile our sense
 of duty with his notions of the Gospel
 unless he would conserXto take his hai
 and slip out while w«
 were discussing his real sins, and comt
 back in time to hear our opinion ol
 total depravity, and the doctrine ol
 Original Sin.
 The Pulpit is the Dispensatory ol
 society—the minister, a physician
 preaching, a prescription of medicinal
 truth for heart evils. There is not an
 evil w'hich afflicts life, nor a temptation
 proceeding from any course of life,
 which the pulpit should not study. The
 sources of right conduct, the hindran
 ces, the seductions of business, the in
 fluences of public life, the maxims ol
 society, its customs, its domestic, com
 mercial and public institutions; inshort,
 whatever directly or indirectly moulds
 the human character, is to be studied
 by the minister, and its benefit or its
 danger made known from the pulpit.
 lu this work, it is to deal first and
 most faithfully with the evils of its own
 age, its own country, its own city, its
 own congregation. Wherever men go,
 the Pulpit is to follow them with its
 true light. Whatever invades its pro
 vince—that province is Right, Human
 ity, Purity—be it Fashion, Commerce,
 Politics, they are tearlessly to be met.
 grasped, apd measured by the word ol
 GoJ. Not only may the Pulpit thus
 explore Life, hut il must, or else prove
 bankrupt to Fidelity. It is not to fol
 low the camp; but in spiritual things to
 lead the people. It is not to wait till
 foes are slain before it raises its spear;
 nor go asking of political cabals what
 it may say, nor cringe to any supercil
 ious men ol commerce; but occupy it
 self with only this twin thought how
 best ta please God and benefit man.
 Therefore, against every line of the
 Coward’s Ethic’s of the Journal of
 Commerce we solemnly protest, and
 declare a minister made to its pattern
 fitter to be sent to the pyramids and
 tombs of Egypt to preach to old-world
 mummies, than to be a living man ol
 God among living men, loving them,
 but never fearing them! God be thank
 ed, that in every age hitherto such
 pulpits have been found the ally of suf
 fering virtue, tbe champion of the op
 pressed. And in this day, after the no
 table examples of heroic inen, in heroic
 ages, when life itself often paid for fi
 delity, the pulpit is to be mined and
 sapped by insincere friends and insidi
 ous enemies, and learn to mix the sor
 did prudence of business with the so
 norous and thrice heroic counsels of
 Christ, then, O my soul, be not thou
 found conspiring with this league ol
 iniquity! that so, when in that august
 day of retribution, God shall deni pun
 ishment in flaming meusurc to all hire
 ling and coward ministers, thou shall
 not go down, under double-bolted thun
 ders, lower than miscreant Sodom, or
 thrice-polluted Gomorrah!
THE CONGRESS FUGITIVE BILL.
 Men resist oppression, or seek to
 escape from it, because they are men,
 endowed with a sense of personal, in
 alienable rights, an inextinguishable
 love of liberty, and the capacity to enr
 joy it. That tbe victim of slavery
 should flee from its horrors, is no new
 thing; and that the fugitive should find
 sympathy among those not interested
 in perpetuating his enslavement, can
 excite no surprise among those who
 understand the instincts and laws of
 human nature. By the Mosaic code,
 this sympathy found a sanction for its
 manifestations in the law which pro
 tected the fugitive servant from being
 seized by his master, and secured to
 him the protection and hospitalities of
 the community in which he had taken
 refuge. The modern Law of Nations,
 regarding slavery as a municipal, a
 merely local institution, does not bind
 one State to surrender fugitive slaves
 from other States. At times, conven
 tions or treaties of extradition have
 been made between neighboring pow
 ers, in disregard of the dictates of hu
 manity, in obedience to reasons ol
 State policy. A friend has handed us
 the following translation of an article
 in a treaty of peace, entered into in the
 year 902, between Leon Alexandre
 V. Constantine, Greek Emperor a*
 Constantinople, and Oleg, Regent of
 Igor, second king of Russia, on the
 occasion of the first invasion of the
 Greek Empire by tbe Russians, under
 Oleg.
 “If a Russian slave take flight, or
 even ilhe is carried away by any one
 under pretence of having been bought,
 his master shall have the right and
 power to pursue him, and hunt for
 and capture him, wherever he shall be
 found; and any person who shall op
 pose the master in the execution of his
 right, shall be deemed guilty ot violat
 ing this treaty, and be punished ac
 cordingly.”
 On occasion of a second invasion ol
 the Greek Empire by tbe Russians,
 another treaty was formed, in 945, in
 which it was stipulated as follows:
 “If any slave shall fly from Russia
 into Greece, or ehall escape from tbe
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY, JUNE 13, 1850.
Russian merchants residing iit Con
 stantinople, the Russia! mg gi^r
 have the right to punfa.tjli, »nd tc
 1 hunt for and captur^ f hkt| |nd it h*
 cannot be found, the ‘J 1 4
 oath that his slave la# ir
 which case, theGreelb ab«U pay the
 said master, according to (enter trea
 ties, two pieces of cloth forjMtry slave
 thus escaping into Grejcq^ 1 and if a
 Greek slave escape intojßilsiaJn the
 1 not^he fowd shall be
 1 the duty deliver up
 1 which he shall Rave ere upon
 the master shall pay to the lerson so
 delivering up said slave two pieces ol
 gold, by way of reward.”
 Of course, the execution of the duty
 thus imposed, and tho munnef of exe
 cuting it, were left to the parties
 severally contracting. There was no
 common tribunal for the adjudication
 of such cases.
 It is remarkable, that after the lapse
 of nearly nine centuries, we fini a bar
 barous stipulation between two barbar
 ous nations reproduced in the compact
 of union of the most civilized end hu
 mane republic of the nineteenth centu
 ry. We are familiar with the provision
 referred to:
 “No person held to labor or service
 in one State, under the lays thereof,
 escaping into another, shall, ia conse
 quence of any law or regulation there
 in, be discharged from such service or
 labor, but shall be delivered up on
 claim of the party to whom such service
 or labor my be due.”
 The language of this clause of the
 Constitution, like the phraseology of
 the articles above quoted, is that of a
 stipulation. No power is conferred
 upon Congress by the language of the
 clause expressly, and we havs never
 been able to see how it could be fairly
 implied. It bears the aspect of A stipu
 lation between the States, and I would
 seem as if it were left for the States
 severally to provide measures for car
 rying it into effect. Such, if we recol
 lect aright, was the decision cf Chief
 Justice Shaw of Massachusetts some
 years ago, and such was the opinion of
 many eminent jurists, until the decision
 of the Supreme Court in the case of
 Prigg. That decision sat aside, and
 denied the right of, all State legislation
 on the subject, asserted the exclusive
 power of Congress to means
 lor executing tbe provision. Jbut asser
 ted, too. the right of the garter to seize
 his slave wherever he imglifbf found,
 and bear him back to the State whence
 he had escaped, without process of
 law.
 The free States, finding fceir right
 *to act on the subject denial by the
 highest tribunal of the country, discon
 tinued all such action. Some of them,
 in view of the decision of tbc court,
 that Congress could impose no duty on
 State officers, in relation to the matter,
 passed laws forbidding their magis
 trates and officers ta issue
 or serve process in the case of escap
 ing slaves—laws clearly in harmony
 with said decision, ®nd not in conflict
 with the rights of slave claitnan.s.
 Some States, too, in consideration of
 the fact that, as the Court had asserted
 the right ot slave cl®* mantB t 0 seize
 their slaves wherever found, without
 legal process, the liberties of portions
 of iher own free popul®t* on might be
 put in peril by sinister or mistaken
 claim, passed laws securing to persons
 claimed as slaves the right to have the
 question legally determined whether
 they were not free. And no nglitmind
 ed man will pretend that BUC laws
 were unconstitutional or violative of
 the rights of slave claimants-
 That the barbarous Russ should be
 permitted in the dark ages to hunt and
 seize by violence, in the territory of a
 s?mi-barbarous Empire, any one ol its
 inhabitants, whom he might choose to
 claim as his fugitive slave, do” not
 surprise us. But the masses have
 emerged from degradation since th&lt;*
 tenth century. Personal rights are
 now deemed sacred, and no guaranties
 against their violation are held to be
 too stringent. The State that would
 deny to any person within its limns
 the writ of habeas corpus, in order to
 test whether he was entitled to his
 freedom or not, would be wanting in
 the first duty of a sovereignty—that
 of the just protection of those within its
 jurisdiction.
 No free State has passed any laws to
 discharge from service or labor persons
 fugitive from other States where such
 service or labor may be doe, but many
 of the free States have severe enact
 ments for the prevention and punish
 ment of kidnapping. The man, then,
 who seizes in one of these States a
 person whom he claimed as his fugitive
 slave does it at his peril. If the person
 seized be a fugitive from service or
 labor within the meaning of the Con
 stitution, he is secure against punish
 ment; but should it turn out that he has
 seized a free person, the law visits him
 with its penalty.
 It may be said that this makes it
 perilous for the owners offugitives to
 assert their just rights. Be it so: a
 State is derelict of duty which does not
 protect its inhabitants against danger
 to their liberties. Even a slaveholder
 must admit that it is more important to
 protect the liberty of the free, than to
 perpetuate the slavery of the bondman.
 The laws of the free States deprive
 him of no rights, hut are intended to
 guard every portion of their own peo
 ple from wrong, and to put him on his
 guard in the exercise of what he or
 bis agent may deem his rights. The
 trath is, the decision of the Supreme
GOD IS THE FATHER OF U 8 ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN-
Court, so far as it affirmed his rihgt to
 seize and bear off without legal process
 an alleged fugitive, is justly chargeaWt
 with the collisions that have since taken
 place in the recapture of fugitives from
 service, and also with the laws -4«»
 remedy injury from illegal seizures, pi
 which the slave States complain. The
 reclamation of slaves in States holding
 no slaxes and hostile to slavery, is ai
 best so offensive to the opinions and
 feelings of their people, that slavehold
 ers themselves tnust admit that it ought
 to be conducted with as few irritating
 concomitants as possible. When legal
 process is issued, when it is served by
 the officers of the law, when the pre
 tensions of the claimant are made under
 shelter ot the authority of the Unit id
 States, there is no danger of collision
 or violent interference. Americans
 are distinguished for ther respect for
 legal forms, and they will submit, in
 the hope that no unconstitutional ag
 gression or claim will be tolerated.
 But it is a very different thing when n
 stranger, with a band of armed men,
 appears in a free State community,
 and proceeds, without authority or law,
 to seize by violence another stranger,
 under pretence that he is a slave.
 Know ng neither, and nothing of the
 relations of the two parties, the people
 see brute force put forth by one to de
 prive the other of his liberty. Would
 they not be less than men, did they
 not interpose to see justice done?
 State law is resorted to, for the un
 known claimant many be a kidnapper:
 the unknown claimed, a free man.
 No community, however low in the
 scale of civilization, will endure the
 open display of violence against an ap
 parently unoffending individual. Some
 of the Judges of the Supreme Court did
 foresee and predict precisely the con
 sequences that have come to pass. We
 repeat then, that for the collisions that
 have taken place in the reclamation of
 fugitives from justice, the Supreme
 Court of the United States, and not the
 legislation of the free States, is to be
 held responsible.
 Southern men, irrtated by the con
 sequences of the decision of this Court,
 without stopping to ascertain their true
 cause, have suffered themselves to
 become inflamed against the North, in
 dulge daily in their denunciations of
 rhe bad faith of Northern men, and
 insist upon additional legislation by
 Congress, to remedy their supposed
 wrongs, although some of them admit
 that to the States, rather than to the
 Federal Government, the work of pro-1
 viding means for executing the fugitive 1
 clause of the Constitution belongs. Of:
 the justice of their denunciations and
 the reasonableness of their demands,
 we may have something to say in our
 next. —National Eia.
Eroin the N. Y. Tribune.
 EFFECTS OF ABOLITION IN
 JAMAICA.
 We take the following from an able
 and interesting letter from Jamaica in
 the Evening Post. The writer it may
 be seen does not think the main cause
 of the decline of the Island to be the
 abolition of slavery. His account of
 the change among the black;
 population is most satisfactory. It;
 strikes us that the hundred thousand;
 cultivators of their own land are much
 better product of God’s earth than as
 many slaves living at the mercy of an
 owner. The letter begins by stating
 the causes of the present state of the
 Island as follows:
 First —The degradation of labor, in j
 consequence of the yet comparatively j
 recent existence of Negro Slavery up
 on the Island, which excludes the
 white population from almost every
 department of productive industry, and
 begets it public opinion calculated to
 discourage, rather than to promote in
 dustry among the colored population.
 2 —Nine-tenths of the improved
 land is owned by absentees—which
 implies unskillful tillage; an extra ex
 pense on an aveargo of three thou
 sand dollars a year for attorneys,
 agents and overseers; great improvi
 dence in the management ot the prop
 erty, and few or no labor-saving im
 provements. m
 B.—The estates under culture were
 all mortgaged for more than they were
 worth, when the Emancipation bill
 passed. This measure increased the
 embarrassments of the residents, made
 them the easy prey of their non-resi
 dent creditors, and left them no means
 or capital to conduct the cultivation of
 the land to any advantage.
 4.—The magnitude of the estates,
 and the principles upon which they
 have been cultivated, prevent the free
 circulation of real property, tend to
 accumulate the lands in the hands of a
 few, to exterminate the middle classes,
 or men of little or no capital, and to
 beget a constant and unnatural antag
 onism between capital and labor.
 These causes,in my judgement, would
 have conducted Jamaica to inevitable
 ruin, had the tariff laws never been al
 tered nor the slaves been set at liber
 ty.
 But I think I hear you ask, how
 long is this state of things to continue,
 or is it to be perpetual? To this I
 will answer in brief: that it will con
 tinue until the land gets into the hands
 of people who are not ashamed to till
 it. So long as it is held by English
 landlords, f think it will continue to
 depreciate in value. I say this with
 all possible respect for them, many of
 whom I know, and greatly esteem. It
 will continue to depreciate in their
 hands, I say, because they will not
 cultivate it personally, nor can they
WHOLE NO. 129.
1 command the capital, fidelity and. skill
 necessary to cultivate it with profit b)
 agents. It will continue to depreciate
 until the landholders will consent to
 '&lt;ell small fragments of their estates to
 ■he poor classes who are willing to
 work the land with their own hands.
 That process is now going on con
 stantly. The colored people are rap
 dly becoming proprietors. It is the
 highest aspiration of most of them to
 get a piece of land, sav from three to
 five acres, which entitles them to vote;
 and with two or three months’ labor,
 during the cropping of the sugar, ena
 bles them to live in comparative ease
 and independence. On five acres they
 can raise almost everything they re
 quire.
 Upon these tracts they raise not on
 ly what they require for their own con
 sumption, but a surplus which they
 take to market, usually in small pan
 niera upon donkies, or upon their
 heads. Most every colored proprietor,
 however, has n donkey, which costs
 from seven to ten pounds, upon which
 he packs all his property, and under
 the custody of a woman often, some
 times of a child, he sends it to town, to
 be converted into money, with which
 he purchases such articles of necessity
 or luxury as his land does not produce
 and he can afford. One of the most
 interesting spectacles to be witnessed
 about Kingston, is presented on the
 high-road through which ther maket
 people, with their donkies, in the cool
 of the morning, pour into tho city from
 the back country. They form an al
 most uninterrupted procession of four
 or five miles in length, and what strikes
 the eye ot a Yankee at once is their
 perfect freedom from care. Neither
 poverty nor desire of gain had written
 a line upon their faces, and they could
 not show less concern at the result ol
 their trip if they were going to a festi
 val. \ou will readily perceive how
 strong and universal must be the de
 sire of the poor laborers to exchange
 their servile drudgery, at less than a
 shilling sterling a day, for this life ol
 comparative ease and independence.
 Of course it is very hard to get any
 thing ahead upon the wages now paid
 in Jamaica, and it requires no little
 sell-denial and energy to lay up enough
 to purchase one of these properties
 with; but when they do get one they
 never part with it except for a larger
 or a better one. The planters call
 them lazy for indulging in this feeling
 of independence; but I never could see
 anything in the aversion of the negroes
 hereto labor which was not sanctioned
 by the example of their masters.
 I think the readers of the Evening
 Post will be surprised when I tell them
 that the number of these small nroori
 etors is now considerably over 100 000
 and is rapidly increasing. Their prop
 erties average, I should think, about
 three acres.—They have a direct in
 terest in cultivating their land econ
 omically and intelligently. The prac
 ticeof planning their own Inbor, en
 couraged by the privilege of reaping
 its rewards themselves, exerts the
 most important educational influences,
 which will goon be much more appa
 rent than they are now. When one
 reflects that sixteen years ago there
 was scarcely colored proprietor ol
 land upo n the Island, and that now
 there are a hundred thousand, it is un
 necessary to say that this clas9 of the
 P°i )U, ation appreciate the priviliges ol
 ree *abor and a homestead far more
 correctly than might be expected,
 more especially when it i 9 borne in
 mind tf, a t seven-tenths of these pro
 priety W ere begotton in slavery, and
 spent many years of their lives as
 bondsmen.
 It is very obvious to me that the
 best estates of the Island are to un
 dergo this process of division before its
 real productive capacities can be
 known. Their prices must fall to a
 level with the means of those who cul
 tivate them—the- laboring population—
 which being all colored, imports that
 the land is to pass from the whites to
 the colored people before the Islund
 con prosper. This I think inevitable,
 if it remains a British possession.
 It is objected here, that if the estates
 are so minutely subdivided, the culti
 vation of the great staples sugar cof
 fee, and the manufacture of ruin, must
 cease, because the works upon sugar
 and coffee estates are very expensive
 and require large capital, and the es
 tates must be very large to compensate
 for the outlay in that direction. For
 example, a good range of sugar works
 could not be erected for less than
 $50,000. The proprietor of twenty
 five or fifty acres could not afford to
 keep such costly buildings for the man
 ufacture of his limited stock, much less
 could the smaller proprietor of three,
 five or ten acres.
 The answer to this objection seems
 perfectly obvious, and yet no one here
 seems to understand it. They have
 only to observe one of the most familiar
 principles of economical science, and
 the whole difficulty is obviated. Let
 them do what is done universally in
 the Nor’heru States of our Republic—
 separate the functions of the agricultu
 rist from those of the manufacturer,
 and then both departments of industry
 will be better conducted, upon at least
 one-tenth the capital now required.
 There is no conceivable reason why
 central sugar-mills, for example, should
 not be established, where the planters
 could take their cane to be ground for
 a toll, or to sell, for a return of a giv-;
 en quantity of sugar, or molasses or
 rum, or money, or whatever might be
 agreed upon.
CorrupondwH* of Tift Triton*.
 RIGHTS OF MIC If IJT
 OREGON, tet»
 Washington, Wed. May 39.
 ou will have learned with pJeasttse,*
 ere this reaches you, that the Senate
 has given its sanction to a Branch ot
 the Mint, in your City and also one
 for California. This is more favorable
 than was generally anticipated. Tha
 whole day was consumed upon this
 important subject. But it was a day
 better spent than any other dajr of the
 session— perhaps one or two excepted.
 For the details I must refer you to
 your regular report of proceedings.
 The bill from the Senate providing
 for the appointment of a Surveyor-
 General of the Public Lands in (Ore
 gon, and donations of lands to actual
 settlers, elicited an unusually stirring
 debate in the House to-day. The par
 ticular point of dissention was upon the
 amendment excluding free colored set
 tlers from the lands proposed to be do
 nated. Mr. Giddings lod off with a
 hold and truthful speech against tha
 exclusive policy. He alluded, in terms
 of deserved approbation, to the moral
 worth as well as intellectual strength
 of Frederick Douglass.and Samsel R.
 Ward. Having drawn a very striking
 portraiture, he then desired to know
 on what principle of justice gentlemen
 proposed to exclude such men from a
 participation in these land grants. He
 referred to the free colored population
 as embracing many who were descend
 ed from tue fathers of the nation, in
 cluding even Washington himself. He
 put a “poser” to the Democrats, who
 advocated the exclusive policy, by ask
 ing with what consistency, not to say
 gratitude, disciples of Jefferson could
 conset to keep from Oregon those in
 whose yeins coursed the blood of
 Thomas Jefferson There was some
 sneering and jeering on the Southern
 side, x as the Loco side might be called
 with injustice to very few members, all
 things considered) while Mr. Giddings
 was speaking, but nothing like the de
 gree of that sort of feeling once so
 common. There was, indeed, a re
 markable and gratifying spirit of tolera
 tion.
 Bat this was too tempting an oppor
 tunity, for two or three of the represen
 tatives of the Chivalry to lose. Con
 rad of Louisiana fired a sneering shot
 at Mr. Giddings’s “taste,” Btc. He
 complained that he had represented
 that the Caucasians were inferior to
 the colored men referred to. Mr Gid
 dings replied that he had admitted that
 the whites were quite ns good as the
 blacks! Mr. Conrad opposed the ex
 clusion of the colored settlers, on the
 ground that the South wanted to have
 the colored population diffused. What
 do you suppose he assigned as the
 reason ot this wish? Why, that it waa
 everywhere admitted to be a curse.
 Of course, then, he is quite willing to
 diffuse a curse! Bayly took the same
 view as Conrad, and contended that
 the course of the Territorial Legisla
 ture of Oregon, in excluding free
 blacks from citizenship, had acted in
 violation of the spirit of the law of their
 organization ns a Territory. In apply
 ing the principle of the Anti-Slavery
 ordinance, Congress did not anticipate
 that the South would be thus cut off
 from an outlet for her redundant free
 black population in that direction,
 which he alleged to have always been
 the chiefobstacle to Emancipation. To
 hear him talk, one would really have
 supposed that the South had assented
 most graciously to the application of
 the Proviso principle to the Oregon
 bill!
 But the richest feature of this debate
 was a speech, in particular reply to
 Mr. Giddings, by Col. McMullen of
 Virginia. He was very personal—so
 much so that he was called to order by
 the Chairman, (Mr. Strong.) He in
 dulged in a number of those polite
 lingual missiles, whose points have
 been worn off by his chivalrous pre
 decessors, through frequent use. He
 complained of a grievous want of grati
 tude on the part of Mr. Giddings, in
 thus insulting his constituents, after the
 favor he did him, some time ago, in
 moving the floor for him, when he ap
 pealed to his frinds to make that mo
 tion. The redoubtable Virginian then
 launched forth into a stream of gran
 diloquence, in the midst of which the
 hammer fell, leaving as his last words,
 the declaration that he “had no doubt
 the negroes referred to by the gentle
 men from Ohio were descendants of the
 first families of Virginia— i. t. the “F.
 F. V's!” The gallant Colonel sat
 down, with an evident feeling of self
 satisfactisn. It is true there was con
 siderable laughter; but he appro
 priated this to himself, of course, as
 induced by his wit! I should almost
 regret to disturb his feelings.
 It is understood that it is McMullen's
 intention to reply specially to Mr. Hay
 mond of Wheeling—that he has been
 waiting for his speech. So you see
 that there is at least one “treat” in
 store.
 Another important question arose in
 the course of the long, exciting, and
 decidedly disorderly debate on this
 Oregon Bill. The detestable serpent
 of .Yativeism shows its head frequently.
 It was resisted by Mr. Sackett of your
 delegation, and others, in a spirit of
 praiseworthy manliness. Ou the ques
 tion of destruction of Color in giants
 of land the vote was mainly sectional.
 The exceptions were, for the most part,
 among the Western Loco-Focoa.
 Some of these voted openly for th®
 South—others remaining in their seats,
 when the process of going through the
 tellers presented a test ot their predi
 lections! The vote on the insertion of
 the word “white” stood 78 Yeas to 51
 Nays Jrom a thin House.
 A general and informal understand
 ing was had before the Committee of
 the Whole, as to the resumption of the
 Oregon Land bill at an early day, out
 of which a scene of great confusion
 grew, when the Committee rose. It
 got mixed up with the California ques
 tion, which excited not a little jealousy.
 The Chair having decided that it re
 quired unanimous consent to entertain
 a motion to fix a day, Mr. Giddinga
 objected, and consequently the House
 adjourned without an understanding
 on the subject, after all. This cl&lt; a*d
 its doings and undoings for tht week.
 The “Spring cleaning” will commence
 to-morrow. Sioi^
 gCT** A wile wuo loses her patk|Hb
 may not expect to keep her husbftMit 1
 heart.
"
