"American Slavery.
 On Wednesday evening last a meeting w*
 held at the Brad mead-room r, ter the purpoet
 of hearing a lecture on American Slavery
 from Mr. Win. Wells Brown, a fugtbvt
 slave. A good deal of interest was excited
 in consequence of the lecturer being a man o
 color, and one of the delegates from Ameri
 ca to the late Peace Congress, at Faria. Tht
 large room was completely crammed.
 On the motion of J. Shoard, Esq., tht
 chair was taken by Edward Thomas, Esq.
 who said they weie met that evening to heai
 the statements of Mr. Brown, with respeci
 to slavery in America. In the fifteen south
 ern states of that country there were no lest
 than 3,000,000 slaves, but the fifteen north
 ern states were free. Mr. Brown would not
 be able to give a perfect statement in one
 evening, and it was accordingly proposed
 that he should devote two nights to that pur
 pose. If some of the South Carolina gentle
 men were present, they would no doubt tell
 him (Mr. Thomas) that he was introducing
 a thief. Well, he admitted Mi. Btown waa
 a thief, for he had stolen—hit own body.
 (Laughter and applause.)
 Mr. Brown, on coming forward, was re
 ceived with the greatest enthusiasm. He said
 he piesutned they had assembled in that
 room upon former occasions, and for various
 purposes; but he did not believe they had
 ever been convened for a higher purpose
 than the one which brought them together
 that evening. (Applause.) The cause ol
 freedom was dear to every one; and the tight
 of man to liberty, the right of a human being
 to possess his own body, and to have the
 value of his own labor—was a self-evident
 proposition. Man brings into the world with
 him a right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
 happiness. He was there that evening as
 the advocate and representative of three
 millions of Americans, who had not the privi
 lege of representing themselves, —persons
 with whom he was identified by the siripes
 which he carried on his own person, by
 complexion and by suffering —by everything
 which could bind man to his fellow-man. The
 institution of slavery had within itself the
 elements of destruction, —it was an institution
 disliked by all friends of freedom and religi
 ous liberty. (Hear, hear.) But slavery in
 America was lawful. The constitution ol
 the United States threw around the slave
 owner its protection; and the slave-owner,
 armed with the law, and approved and up
 held by the constitution, reigned oyer those
 unfortunate beings who were in his power.
 The chairman had justly said they had in
 America fifteen free states and fifteen slave
 states, or at least fifteen states where slaves
 could not be considered or held to be goods
 and chattels. But there was not a foot of
 soil in the States where he, or any other
 fugitive slave, could stand, protected by law;
 and where the slave-holder could not pursue
 him, capture him, and bting him back into
 interminable bondage. That was the position
 of the American Government at the present
 time. And what had been the first and ab
 sorbing question before the American con
 gress during the present session l The ques
 tion of slavery. That question had taken the
 precedence of all other subjects. The slave
 holders, not satisfied with the privilege of
 pursuing a slave into any territory—not satis
 fied with imposing a fine of 100 on any
 person for aiding or feeding an escaped slave
 —had now a proposition before the American
 Congress, to add to the number of officers for
 the return of fugitive Slaves, to have 4,000
 or 5,000 judges, or postmasters, before whom
 captured slaves could be brought; and these
 judges were to be appointed by a Slave
 holding President, who had upveegds of 300
 slaves working on his cane plantations. But
 there was another proposition —to add .£2OO
 more to the penalty for aiding or feeding a
 slave, while attempting to make hts escape
 from bondage. (Shame.) W bile these
 questions were being agitated in America,
 the slave holders had resolved to introduce
 slavery into Mexico; and for that purpose had
 dragged up Henry Clay to advocate the pro
 ject. Not only had they dragged up Henry
 Clay from the verge of the grave, but a Chris
 tian man from a free state —one of the most
 noble of the sous of Massachusetts-had
 made a speech in congress, and declared that
 he would not only go for that measure, but
 that he would vote for the proposition that
 would give to the slaveholder double advan
 tagea in recapturing hts slaves. He referred
 to Daniel Webster, and he (the speaker)
 was sure that that name would be held up to
 posterity, as a name to be execra'ed, for
 bending his supple knee to the power of the
 slaveholders. (Cheer.) That was the posi
 tion of slavery before the American congress.
 In travelling through England he found the
 people had a very imperfect idea of what
 slavery was in the United State. Not only
 was slavery sanctioned in America, by the
 countenance of the whole land, but it was
 carried on between the several Stales. They
 had slave marts and slave markets in every
 town in the slaveholdtng States, and the
 greatest mart in the union was at the city of
 Washington, the capital of the country.
 (Shame.) Tt.e Americans, who professed
 to be friends of freedom—who professed to
 have sympathies with other nations while
 struggling for freedom—who were welcom
 ing Hungarian and other brave men—were,
 at the same time, enslaving one-sixth of their
 own countrymen! The slave was a chattel
 as defined by the laws of the country —a
 thing—a piece of property. He had no
 right to hts labor, no right to his family, no
 light to say anything concerning hts welfare
 or existence, in fact, he occupied the same
 position as the hound of the American slave
 holder, and was regarded as the horse or ox
 is regarded in this country (Shame.) It
 was not hts purpose to show them that the
 slaves wer3 not well fed or well clad—that
 had nothing to do with the question. (Hear,
 hear.) He did not come to wage war with
 the masters for not feeding or clothing their
 slaves; but the right of the Blavc to libeity
 was the question. (Cheers.) He would not
 discuss the question there, whether the Ame
 rican slave had a right to be free, for the
 British people were satisfied on that point,
 and had given prima facie evidence of it, in
 the emancipation of their West India slaves,
 and in their efforts'lo abolish the odious sys
 tem. It was not a ques ion whether the
 •lave had enough to eat or wear. Suppose
 a man gvae him food and clothing, what
 was that to him so long as he knew that
 roan had the power to put him upon the
 auction block, and sell him to the highest
 bidder—to tear the husband from the wife,
 and the wife from the husband. What com
 pensation was there for that 1 They would
 find in this country that, if there were men
 who conceded the point, and who brought
 forward the argument that a slave ought to
 be satisfied with enough for his bodily wants,
 —such men we e the first to oppress the
 people of this country, and say they ought to
 be satisfied with the rights they have. (Loud
 Cheers.) He would now, for a moment,
 notice the condition of the slave in America.
 Why had the Americans a law making it
 penal for as many as five slave to be fuund
 talking on the highway? Because the slave
 holders feared insurrections. \V hy had they
 a law making it a penally of from £'so to
 £‘loo for teaching a slave to read 1 Simply
 because they could not keep them in their
 present position if they wete educated.
 (Cheers.) Why had they law making it a
 penalty of death to the slave who should strike
 his master. Because all of these odious
 Jaws tended to keep the slaves where they
 were. The system of slavery was founded
 upon ignorance ami degradation,—it must he
 kept where it is in order to be kept at all.
 'lt was the remark of an American Statesman
 that education was the lever which would
 turn slavery upside down. Probably some
 would ask whether those laws were enforc
 ed. He would observe that probably some
 of them were not. But the law regardiog
 education was enforced to its utmost extent,
 ao4 the law regstdiog the atrikingoi the mas
 ter was enforced, because it was said slaves
 goulioot he kept dpwo without enforcing
such laws. If a slave stiuck his master, hii
 master had to inform against him, eo Tha
 other slaves might learn not to follow tb&lt;
 example. As an additional inducement fo
 masters to deliver their slaves up to the law
 in the stale of Mississippi the master war
 compensated for any slave that might be exe
 cuted. Every freeman in tbit State war
 taxed to pay the master for that slave. That,
 of coutsc, was a very good method of getting
 rid of old and useless slaves—'o give them
 up when the masters knew they would be
 remunerated for them. The slaves in Ameri
 ca could not worship God according to the
 dictates of their conscience. The slave ol
 America could not hold a public meeting; bul
 he had had a warm reception from the peo
 ple of this country, and the warmest recep
 tion he had found was from those hearts that
 beat under the fustian jacket. (Hear, hear,
 and cheers.) But the question of human
 slavery was one that went beyond every other
 evil that they could think of. It unmanned
 the man, because it placed him in a position
 where he was not a man; it placed him where
 he could not think for himself, and act for
 himself—where he was not considered capa
 ble of acting or tkinking at all, except at
 the will of another. For twenty years he
 (Mr. Wells) was a slave on the plantations
 of the Ameiican nlaveholders. During that
 twenty yeais he had no right to think for
 himself, and when he did think for himself
 he always found he was running away with
 himself. (Laughter.) The institution of
 slavery had corrupted every other institution.
 The institution of religion and the principles
 of Christianity had been set at naught in the
 United States; and the religious denomina
 tions, to a greater or le*e extent, were filled
 by individuals either slaveholders or connec
 ted with slaveholders, by relationship or
 otherwise. And all this helps to sustain the
 odious system in that country. The Ameri
 can institutions are thrown around the insti
 tutions of slavery; political, social, and com
 mercial institution were thrown around the
 system, and combined to keep it were it was
 at the present time. But there was one
 spot of soil in'America that afforded shelter
 and asylum for the poor bondsman who made
 his escape from slavery: he referred to the
 Canadas. (Cheers.) And if he felt reason
 to rejoice at anything, it was at the fact that
 the English people had yet a hold u pon a
 portion of the American Continent where
 the fugitive slave found an asylum, and was
 protected by law. (Loud cheers.) That fact,
 and what the English people had done for
 the cause of freedom, had endeared them to
 every slave in the United States of America.
 (Hear hear.) Mr. Wells Brown then went
 into details, explaining, at some length, the
 law in different States; and giving some very
 interesting statements of several escapes fiom
 slavery. He then referred to the particulars
 of his own escape, recounting the perils he
 underwent; and concluded by thanking those
 present for the kindness with which they had
 received him. He hoped there would be a
 public expression of opinion in this country,
 for the Americans paid great defereuce to
 anything that came from England. (Mr.
 Wells sat.down amidst several rounds of
 applause.)
 At the conclusion of Mr. Brown’s address,
 Mr. liussom moved that a tea meeting should
 take place in that room on Tuesday next
 the proceeds to be given to Mr. Brown.
 Dr. J. Cash Neild seconded the motion.
 He trusted that it would reach the ears of the
 slaveholders in the United States, that they
 might see that in this country difference of
 color made no distinction as regarded our no
 tions of respectability.
 The motion was ad opted amid rapturous
 applause.
 Mr. Brown then sang two anti-slavery
 songs, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman
 terminated the proceedings.
 The Horrors of the Slave Trade in Wash
 ington City—Fiendish Assault upon a
 Female
 The Washington correspondent of the True
 Democrat gives the following descrip.ion of a
 scene in the capitol of the Republic. How
 Webster’s “retainers” must rejoice in an
 ticipation of their future work as slave*
 catchers, should Mason's bill pass. The
 letter is dated May 22d:
 “A short distance from my residence liv
 ed a very honest and industrious colored wo
 man, with some half dozen children. This
 women was employed as a cook by a family
 near the capitol. By her industry and good
 deportment, she had gained the esteem of all
 who knew her, and, though a slave, she was
 permitted to apply a portion of her wages to
 the support of her family, and was making
 efiorls to purchase her freedom.
 As I wa9 passing down the Avenue yester
 day, I saw, near the railroad depot, a crowd
 of people gathered around two ruffian fellows
 who hed this colored woman in their custody,
 bound hand and foot. She could not stand
 upon her feet, her hands were tied behind
 her, and she was moaning as though in great
 anguish, and, in broken sobs, beseeching the
 bystanders to protect het. Blood was run
 ning frofusely from a frightful wound in her
 head, and with ruthless hands she was rudely
 thrust into a hack, and, under the guardian
 ship of her miscreant captors, was hurried off
 to William’s slave pen.
 Upon, inquiry, 1 learned that while en
 gaged in her usual vocations, a constable
 laid hands upon her, and ordered her to follow
 him to the slave pen. Had a thunderbolt
 crushed her to the earth, she could not have
 been more shocked than at this summons.
 She reluctantly obeyed. Her step*, how
 ever, were not sufficiently rapid to suit the
 convenience of the fellow who attended her,
 and laying hold of her with considerable vio
 lence, he attempted to force her on faster.
 But he was balked in his intentions, for she
 refused to go at all, unless he kept his hands
 off from her.
 “By God!” says the constable, “I’ll see
 if you won’t go;” and with that he attempt
 ed to carry his threat into execution. But he
 had no sooner commenced his desperate work,
 titan he found himself sprawling upon his
 back, and the woman standing over him in a
 menacing attitude, and resolutely informing
 him that she would not b c.''dragged over to
 the pen’ 1 by him—she would “r/ie first.”
 She would “go peaceably if he would keep
 his hands off her, and not otherwise.”
 The fellow was allowed to get up, when
 he again undertook the driving process, but
 he could not move her, and called lustily up
 on the numerous spectators that had gather
 ed round for help. But not a man moved, al
 though he threatened, raved and swore, as an
 officer, to arrest them. A brother constable,
 however, Boon came to the scene of action,
 and to his res:ue. But she was too much
 for the two together, and handled them both
 as though they were mere infants in her
 grasp.
 Having worried them both out, (declaring
 all the while, however, that she would go
 peaceably if they would keep their hands off,)
 one of the miscreants raised a heavy cane,
 and with a furious and well-directed blow,
 felled her senseless tn the earth, and while in
 that state they bound her, and, in her torn
 •nd bloody garments, followed by the execra
 tions and curses of the multitude, hurried her
 off to the head quarters of these land pirates,
 there to die, or await her shipment to the
 Southern market.
 Her little children, the while, wete at
 home. They knew nought of the capture
 and treatment of their mother. You can im
 agine tneir sorrow when left under such cir
 cumstances without a protector. They are
 free, but their mother is a slave, in the hands
 of men who have no fear of God before their
 eyes, “whom no pity can awe,” no benevo
 lence conciliate, no tears, no orphan cries,
 no broken hearts, no dishonored name, no
 fears of death, the judgment, and long
 eternity of woo eon arrest.”
Correspondence of the Tribune.
 Esnporior Faust in I, of Hs tti, sad hi*
 Palace.
 PoRT-at?-Pamci, March 15.
 Having reached this city, my first care was
 to request M. Raybaud to present me to the
 man whose name is at this moment in the
 hundred mouths of renown. After several
 days the French Consul announced to me
 that be had arranged the desired interview.
 We betook ourselves to the Palace. This
 edifice, which served as a habitation to the
 old Governors of St. Domingo, appears rath
 er imposing when, compared with the mean
 houses of the city, although it has but one
 story, raised several feet above the ground.
 A barred court-yard, where the Emperor
 holds a review every Sunday morning,
 vaguely recalls that of the Tuilleries.
 We entered a hall of waiting, which I ex
 amined with curiosity. The floor ia of mar
 ble slabs; the furniture is of black hair-cloth
 and straw. On a richly wrought table stands
 a fine bronze cloak, representing the arms of
 Haiti —a palm, surrounded with a bundle of
 lances, and surmounted with a Phrygian cao.
 Two handsome portraits serve as pendants to
 each other; one represents the Abbe Greg
 ime, the celebrated conventionist, the other
 the reigning Emperor. The first is the work
 of a European pencil—the second does hon
 or to the talent of a mulattos rtist, Baron Col
 bert. I should, perhaps, have noticed other
 particulars if the step of his Majesty had not
 been heard in the adjoining hall, which con
 tains portraits of the great men of Hayti, and
 serves for grand receptions. We advanced
 to meet the Emperor, who wears a green
 uniform of an irreproachable cut, epaulettes
 of gold adorned with twelve silver stars, a
 plate on his breast, a sword at his side, and
 his chapeau in his band.
 He commenced by giving us a cordial
 shake of the hand, then mmed himself on a
 fauteuil, and awaited with a certain timidity
 for M. Raybaud td commence. We seated,,
 ourselves. The Consul, in announcing my
 name, said that I had come to visit the Em
 pire as a traveller, and w mid not willingly
 have departed without the honor of having
 been received by His Majesty. “Sire, it is
 the only aim ot my voyage,” said I half ri
 sing. The Emperor imitated my movement
 thanking me. “I have already had the plea
 sure of seeing Monsieur at the review on
 Sunday,” he added, graciously. It was
 now my turn to thank him. The conversa
 tion continued in this tone about twenty min
 utes. When we rose to take leave of the
 Emperor, he shook hands again. Three
 salutations on our part, and three on his,
 completed the ceremony.
 Faustin Soulouque is entirely black, but
 his features have by no means the savage
 and hideous expression whi-;h has been igno
 rantly attributed to the purely African type.
 His look might be called handsome, and his
 smile is quite agreeable. Aged about 64
 years, he does not seem to be more than 50;
 of a medium height, he has, a very full chest,
 large shoulders and broad' hips. On horse
 back he has a stately air, and is one of the
 best horsemen i have ever seen. On foot,
 his corpulence makes him appear small. Al
 though naturally not much of a talker, he al
 way« exhibits a perfect propriety and dignity
 in his words. Here it may be well to rectify
 the rumor which has attributed to him a com
 plete ignorance of the French language. In
 my presence he expressed himself very cor
 rectly, and without the least mixture of Cre
 ole dialect. He has also been accused of
 knowing neither how to lead or write. The
 truth is that he signs his name legibly,
 writes even a letter if need he, and reads ev
 ery evening, without the aid of a Secretary,
 the new History of Hayti, which is now be
 ing published by a talented native, M. Modi
 on, recently created Baron. The caricatures
 and squibs of the Parisian press have annoyed
 him profoundly. In this respect he possess
 es an incurable susceptibility.
 The birth of Souloque was very humble, he
 was horn as a slave in the plantation of M.
 t Viallet. This white, who has been pointed
 I to me, succeeded in stemming the revolutton
 -1 ary waves which have agitated the Queen of
 tha Aunties, and actually lives at Port-au- i
 Prince at present. Soulouque, meeting him j
 lately, said: “Although Emperor to every-
 body else, I cannot help still as regarding you
 as my master.” “And I, sire, consider my
 self your subject,” replied M. Viallet: a little
 dialogue which indicates how marvellous are
 the reverses of butnan destiny!
 On the evacuation of the French, the
 freed slave entered the army ofDossalines as
 a soldier, and afterward, under Petion, fought
 against Christophe. From step to step he
 came to be Colonel, at the time of the fall of
 Boyer, an event to which he contributed in
 no way. His taciturnity—a quality or defect
 which, among the blacks, is considered as a
 matk of prefound discretion—caused him to
 be admitted to the confidence of the different
 subterranean trains which succeeded each
 other from 1843 to 1847. Created General of
 Brigade by Richer, he owed his election to
 the Presidency to the chance which pronoun
 ced his name in the Senate, whon opinions
 were about equally divided between two
 candidates, neither of whom could obtain the
 necessary majority, He was favored by both
 parties: by the blacks, on account of hts ebo
 ny skin, and by the Creoles, because they
 hoped to use him as their pliant tool. The
 sequel showed how much they were mista
 ken. They had chosen a master, not a ser
 vant.
From the Contributor.
 Eld. Mathews’ Journal.
 Doring the Convention, sermons was
 preached by bro. Kenyon, Fitzgerald, and the
 writer. A cordial hospitality was shown by
 the inhabitants in the vicinity, and much sym
 pathy manifested for ihe Free Mission cause.
 On my return, 1 lectured at West Madi
 son. on slavery, in its political and religious
 bearings. A full house. The Sons of Tem
 perance allowed the use of their hall for the
 meeting.
 VVc came up the Ohio river in the “Ben
 Franklin,” a splendid boat, but like other
 boats, it pays more respect to a white gam
 bler than to a colored minister. To rebuke
 this ungodly practice, 1 waited, when des
 cending the river, till the colored passengers
 came to the table, none other of my color ate
 with them. I was waited on admirably.
 “Will you not take some fish* sir, here is
 some exellent fish, shall we help you to a thin
 slice of ham*” Sic. were the inquries of the
 waiters, all of whom were colored. But I
 was about to describe our coming up the riv
 er. There were on bosid but two colored
 passengers, bro. Fitzgerald of Columbus, and
 S. Tosspot, a Congregationalist. Five
 white passenners, including bro. J. C. Cra
 ven and his wife, whose moral courage was
 worthy of all praise, agreed togeilier to wait
 and eat with them.
 The supper bell, at length, rang, and the
 fiist company were ferved; The secondf
 bell rang, and the remainder sat down, o
 course they did not fill the seats.' f began to
 fear they would never finish eatiog, it seem
 ed so long. When their lordships had finish
 ed, the table was spread for the colored pass
 engers, and, (as we had given the steward a
 hint,) for their associates. We enjoyed the
 supper, albeit, several pair of eyes peered
 upon us from the end of the cabin. Now for
 the deseit. After supper we
 divided the boat into distticis. Then each
 one taking a district, visited, and couieously
 furnished to each passenger a hand-bill (pre
 viously printed,) one of which I enclose.
 To the Passengers on board this Steam-boat.
 Respected Reader:—Custom having es
 tablished a law, which requires colored per
 sons, whatever may he their intellectual and
 moral worth, to watt till white persons have
 eaten, before they appear a&gt; the table, on board
 our steam-boats, Ac. We present to our
 fellow-passengers the following reasons
 against the continuance of this custom:
 1. It is unjust.—Colored passengers pay
 the same fare as others.
 9. It is contrary to the word of Cod:—
 “Do unto others as y* would do unto yox”i
“Love thy neighbors as thyself.” “Inas
 much us ye did it unto one of the Inst ol
 these ray brethren ye did ft nnto me.”
 3. It is anti-republican:—All men are bora
 free and equal.
 4. It pays no regard to moral character:—
 Gamblers if white, take precedence of min
 isters of tbe gospel if colored.
 5. It is oppressive to the friends ofliberty.
 They are expected to sanction the wicked
 prejudice on which slsvery (the sutn of til
 villsnies) rests.
 Should tbe reader desired to reply publicly
 to these objections, he »ill please forward
 his name to the person from whom he re
 ceived this band-bill, that it may be appended
 to a paperto be presented to the Captain ol
 the steam-boat, requesting its use for that
 purpose. Several Passengers.”
 v ou inquire, how waa it received? I re
 ply, differently by different persons. Tbe
 wife of the Captain handed it back to brs.
 Craven, whose district was the ladies’ cabin,
 “my husband is perfectly competent to make
 rules for the government of tbe boat.” An
 other read it, and opening the stove door
 threw it into the fire. Anoiher proposed to
 see the Captain, sud have those who distri
 buted them sent ashore at the first wood-yard.
 Another came to me for another copy to send
 to Charlestown. But in all that numerous
 throng of passengers, not one was found ready
 and willing to come out and defend the un
 godly practice. And yet it was the Hardest
 silence ever held. They felt guilty and had
 no power to conceal the guilt.
 Usually, free colored passengers are not al
 lowed to sleep in the state-roorna, but a bed
 is made for them on the cabin floor. Even
 colored ladies in some boats suffer ihts indig
 nity. Uuless they choose to sit up all night,
 which with the delicacy which honor
 of the sex, they in some cases prefer to do 1
 Bro. Fitzgerald, however, was not thus treat
 ed, that night, the first instance probably in
 the history of the boat, he slept in the same
 state-room with a white mah. As I thought
 of the comfortable berth he had, my pillow
 seemed .softer. I ought to add, that in each
 state-room are two berths, and when a slave
 holder comes on board, he occupies one berth
 and the slave the other. “Great is Diana ot
 the Ephesians.”
Presbyterian General Assembly, N. 8.
 This Convention on the sixth day of its ses
 sion, had majority and minority reporta, on
 the subject of slavery, frem s committee ap
 pointed on that subject.
 THE MAJORITY REPORT
 Was presented by Dr. Duffield of Detroit.
 Here is an extract:
 1. Resolved, That we deeply deplore thd
 working of the whole system of American
 Slavery, interwoven as it is, with the policy
 of tire slave-holding States, and with tbe
 social and domestic life of their citizens, and
 regarding it, as in former years we have ex
 plicity stated, to be fraught with sefious in
 jury to the civil, political, intellectual, and
 moral interests of society, and le riding to much
 sin, we declare it to be, in all cases, where
 the laws of the State, the obligations ol
 guardianship, and the demands of humanity
 do not render it unavoidable an offense in
 the proper import of that term as used in our
 Book of Discipline, Cnap. 1, Sec. 3.
 2d. Resolved, That while we regard all ca
 ses in which the holding of slaves is sinful,
 a matter for the exercise of such discipline as
 falls within the proper jurisdiction of the in
 ferior chyrch courts of sessions; yet, as our
 constitution declares, “the exercise of dis
 cipline in such a manner as to edify the
 ciiurch, requires not only much of the spirit
 of piety, but also much prudence and discre
 tion,” and therefore, “it becomes the rulera
 of the church to take into view all the cir
 cumstances which may give a different char
 acter to conduct, and tender it more or less
 offensive, and which may of course, require
 a very different mode of proceeding in similar
 cases at different times for the attainment of
 the same end.” Book of Dis., Chap. 1,
 Sec. 5,
 These obligations we cannot disrespect or
 violate without a breach of the covenant
 binding us in visible unity, under the acknow
 (ledged authority of the Book of Discipline,
 j That Constitution prescribes the modes and
 1 processes of discipline so distinctly, that any
 attempt at a summary withdrawal from fel
 lowship, or declarative condemnation, legis
 lative exscinding, or censure, pronounced,
 in respect of particular synods, presbyteries,
 churches, nr their members, without a due
 and careful investigation of charges prefer
 red, and proof and guilt adduced conformably
 to its provisions as j ust as contrary to our
 covenant, as it is repugnant to the obliga
 tions of Christian courtesy, the dictates of
 common justice, and the positive precepts of
 the Word of God.
 The powers of the General Assembly and
 of all inferior judicatures are carefully defined
 in our Book of Discipline. To the church i
 session exclusively pertains “the spiritual
 government of the congregation,” the power
 to inquire into the knowledge and Christian
 conduct of the members of the church,” and
 consequently, to judge of the qualifications for
 membership, and to admit to the fellowship
 of the church. The word God is in the law,
 and the confession of faith with the Lirger
 and the Shorter catechism which sets forth
 our acknowledgement and covenant agree
 ment as to what that word teaches, is the ac
 cepted conventional aid to direct in the ex
 ercise of that judgement.

 2d. Resolved. That while the General As
 sembly are constitutionally incompetent by
 legislative acts, to exscind any of their Synods,
 Presbyteries, churches, or members, or to
 pronounce their condemnation of persons and
 churches, except in the exercise of appellate
 jurisdiction; or even to know the disciplinary
 action of inferior courts, and the condition of
 the churches, except as they may be particu
 larly and officially informed, they can only
 testify, “exhort and entreat with all long
 suffering and gentleness”—speaking the
 truth in love, and in the spirit of Christ.
 The minority report was presented by Mr.
 Wisner of New York.
 MINORITY REPORT.
 A minority of the committee to whom waa
 referred a number of memorials on the sub
 ject of slavery from various Synods, Presby
 teries and Churches within oar bounds, beg i
 leave to report—
 That after a careful and thorough examina
 tion of the whole subject, they have been
 brought to the conclusion, that, in considera
 tion of the previous action of the Assembly,
 had at different times for a series of years,
 and what they believe to be its present sen
 timents, and the expectation of the Churches
 in its connection, the cause of truth and right
 cousness, of peace and unity will be best sub
 served by the adoption of the following re
 solutions.
 Resolved, 1. That we exceedingly deplore
 the working of the whole system of slavery
 as it exists in our country, and is interwoven
 with the political institutions of the slave
 holding States, as fraught with many §nd
 great evils to the civil, political and moral in
 terests of those regions where it exists.
 2. That the holding ot our fellow men in
 bondage, and treating them as chattels, un
 less licensed by the civil laws, and other cir
 cumstances, over which the individual baa no
 control, is an offense against God and the
 Church, which should be put upon a level
 with, and be treated in the same manner as
 other offenses of the same magnitude.
 3. That the Sessions and Presbyteries are
 by tbe constitution of our church, the court
 or primary jurisdictions for tbe trial of offen
 ses.
 4. That after this declaration of sentiment,
 the whole subject of slavery, as it exist* in
 the church, be referred to the Sessions and
 Presbyteries, to take such action thereon at
 in their judgement the lawa of Christianity re
 tjuire.
lapnHMKit of Colored Seameo.
 Saikn with an African complexion, who
 eater any of the porta of South Carolina, are,
 by ’irtue of a law of that State, arrested and
 impri»&gt;ned. And to render this impriaon
 mbnt inevitable, the Habeas Corpus law,
 which, (any where else is sacred, has been
 suspended;-
 Be it enacted by the Semite mid House of
 ReprsenUUives, &lt;f-c. That no negro or free
 perm* of color, who shall enter this State on
 board«f any vessel as a cook, steward, or
 marker, or in any employment on w.*d of
 such vessel, and who shall be apprehended
 and confined by any sheriff in pursuance ot
 the provisions of sau) act; shall be entitled to
 the vraiT or Habeas Cobfus, or any benefit
 under and by virtue of the statute made in
 the kingdom of England, 31 chap 3, entitled
 “An ast fittr the better securing the liberty of
 the subject, and prevent imprisonment beyond
 seas’* aid made of force in this Stale; and
 the provisions of said habeas corpus act and
 the several acts of Assembly of this State,
 amendatot y thereof; are hereby declared not
 to apply to any free negro or person of color
 entering into this State, contrary to the pro
 vision! of the aforesaid act of Assembly,
 passed December 19. 1845.
 Under this law Freemen, pursuing a law
 ful calling, whose services are necessary to
 their employers, and who have committed no
 offence, are seized and sent to prison! This
 oceuy in a country and under a Government
 boasdng of its Freedom, its Civilization and
 its J*iuce! And yet, derogatory as such a
 !aw Ato the character of oar country; con-
 Aiming, as it does, with the principles of our
 Government; and abhorent, as it is, to our
 sense of right, so unwilling is the North to
 disturb its relations even with South Carolina
 Jhtt this revolting injustice, this sickening op
 pH»ion, is patiently endured!— Alb. Jour.
Slave Case.— Nicholas Dudley a young
 n»D about 22 years of age, was brought
 before Judge Daly, on Habeas Corpus sued
 out by Alien Thomas of Maryland, who
 claims that the said Dudley is his slave, born
 oa his estate, and demanding that he be giv
 es up to him. Dudley was brought from the
 Gty Prison, where he was confined under
 as indictment for grand larceny, in stealing
 money and a boat from a vessel. David
 Graham appeared on behalf of the applicant,
 aid Mr. Jay for Dudley. The Dmiict At
 torney, Mr. McKeon, made return that Dud
 ley is held under the indictment, &amp;0., on
 which Judge Daly remanded him to prison
 till the indictment should be disposed of.
 He subsequently pleaded guilty at the Ses
 sions, of the offence charged in the indictment,
 and was sentenced to two years in the State
 Prison. Mr. Graham made application for an
 order that he be surrendered to Mr. Thomas
 on the expiration of the sentence, but the
 Court refused to entertain the motion until
 after the expiration of the sentence. A
 large number of colored persons, of both sexes,
 hovered round the City Hall a large portion
 of the day.— N. Y. Express, 14th.
DIED
At his residence in Concord, Erie Countv, N Y.
 on the 6th month last, LORENZ MABBfcTT, in
 tho 4U'.h year of his age.
 He had teen gradually declining for several
 months, and was confined to his room and bed
 about four weeks, during wrhich time lie experi
 enced comparatively little bodiiy suffering. When
 favored with a sound mind, which was most of the
 time, he was remarkaoly preserved in Christian
 patience and resignation, frequently expressing his
 entire willingness to die, feeling nothing in his way.
 His concern for the promotion of peace, temperaoce t
 freedom for the slave, and, in short, all the move
 meals of the present time for reform, in all of w hich
 he had taken an active part, either in word or deed,
 continued unabated to the last. In is worthy of
 remark, that he had been particularly engaf ed in
 promoting abstinence from the productions of slave
 labor, his maxim being, touch uot, taste not, han
 dli not,” upon which subject Le was so engaged
 list he endeavored, during his last illness, to avoid
 al contact wiih the contaminated articles, cotton
 cbthing in particular, and charged his family and
 frauds expressly that tliey should not permit any
 article of the kind to go into the coffin with bis
 body, which we trust has been scrupulously com
 plied with
 Brother, thy toils of life are o’er,
 We would not not thee detain,
 We trust thy bark his readied that shore,
 Where griefs afflict the soul no mo e,
 And joys immortal reign.
 Yet sacred memory oft will trace,
 In tby devoted life,
 Thy zeal for suffering human race;
 That hatred shall to love give place,
 And banish war and strife.
 That “Love, Light, Liberty,” should reign
 O’er all the powers of mind,
 To break oppression’s galling chain,
 To clear our hands from slavery’s stain,
 And bless all human kind.
 OCh Will the Christian Citizen, and Anti-
 Slavery papers generally, copy the above notice.
 J. G.
Receipts
 For the North Stir, nncelaot acknouledgmtn
 to June 13, 1850.
 Peter Culver 3,00
 Miis. C Douge 2,00
 'amuel Johnson 1,00
 Samuel Ellicot 1,00
 lohn Shotwell 2,09
 C. L. Hoskins 2,00
 William Bulei 1,00
 ■saiali Keyes 1,00
 Isaac A. Clarke 60
 John Reynold* 2,00
 Thomas Rogers 2,00
 William H. Mills 2,00
 PULMOfARY CONSUMPTION.
 From its htAto almost always baffled the most
 skilful medicalJHMtment, it lias been termed the
 Physicians;” and, until within a
 few years, been generally considered ICORable,
 although many medical men of the highest stand
 mi* among whom we mav mention Laennee and his
 trend Bayle—both distinguished authors, admit
 Nhit this much dreaded disease may be cured, even
 in its advanced stages, when the lungsare not com
 pletely disorganized. The remedy which we now
 offer, wistar’s balsam or wild chkrrt, for
 thf cure of this disease, not only emanates from a
 regular Physician, but has also been well tested in
 all the complaints for whiclt it is recommended.
 BRONCHITIS AMD COUGH CURED.
 Boston, August 15, 1818.
 Mr, S. W. Fowle—Dear Sir:—Having been
 troubled for a considerable lime with a bad cough
 and bronchial affection, I was induced to try a bot
 tle if Dr. Wistar’s Balaam of Wild Cherry, which
 I ae happy to say entirely removed the difficulty.
 1 deem u bat justice to say this much for the be d
 ,fit &lt;4 those who may be similarly afflicted.
 GEORGE H. DAVIS,
 Firm of Hallett Davis,
 Piano Foite Manufacturers, Boston.
 I hereby certify that 1 am personally acquainted
 with Geo. H. Davis, Esq., and have the fullest
 coo&amp;lencein the above statement.
 H. G. BARRUS
 Formerly Practising Physicidh.
 Boston, August 16, 1843.
 P. S. Such testimony can be relied upon. Be
 careful of the article you -buy. It must have the
 signature of I. BUT I’S on toe wrappei to be gen
 uine.
 For sale by Post Willis; also by Wk.
 PjVflfl.
 A PRIME ARTICLE.
 Ate any afflicted with pains, bruises, cuts, or
 sores of any kindl Let them read W. B. Sloan’s
 advertisement in another column. We believe his
 Ointment to be a prims article for anything of the
 hind, and oo humbug. Trv n little of it before you
 suffer any longet It can be had at nearly a'l the
 stores m this place.—Ann: Inttlhgen :tr.
 ftf*Bee Agents’ manes at the head of Sloan’s
 Column. For further particulars and testimonial*
 |ti Pamphlets from Agents.
3Uit&gt; tr tiacmtnta
out Lfttles Take Notice!
 I HAVE now on hand and am constantly manu
 facturing, FRONT BA N DS, to rover up tho
 gray hair, and bald places upon the front part of tho
 bead and temples—and I will sell a neater, cheap
 er, and better article tl*n can be bought in the
 State.
 Call and see for yourselves.
 Also, Curls, Wigs, Scalps, and Braids.
 J. ROrtINSON. 19 Exchange street.
 N. B,—Also, India Hair Dye, for coloring the
 ir black.
 Cash paid for Human Hair. ju 6—3*
 C General Agvnt, Book
 ter *W Tie! W 1 C"**®*** Ld*
 fit
 s&amp; yJS&amp;ra.Sta.*'.*
 ing accounts, writing letters upon busing kr
 'uikfos^f' dr w «®f of
 Donas, article* ot ijwuntni,
 laws, reports,communications, kc fcc.,_.
 South Sixth Street, below Pino, p
 where by his strict attention to business he hoptv
 to secure their patronage, and merit their confi
 dence and esteem. Terms Cash. Office hours
 from 9 a.m. to 9 r.a.
 Also Agent for the North Stas, single copies
 of which can be obtained; and the axle of Lots in
 Lebanon Cemetery. tf
WONDERFUL BOOK.
 NOW*READY.
 The Mysterious Noises
 IN ROCHESTER and Western New York—A
 History of these remarkable sounds and of all
 tbs Strange Phenonena connected therewith, the
 Spiritual Communications Ac. Ac., —price, single,
 12|cts —10 copies for 91- Orders by mail will be
 promptly attended to.
 Ten Agents wanted to sell the above work, al
 together with other new and valuable works to
 whom a fair chance to make money will be given.
 A small capital of from 815 to 82ft requiree, and
 the agent will bo indemnified agai st loss.
 D. M. DEWEY,
 mar29—4t Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y.
 Hope Grand Colon Daughters of
 Temperance.
 THE HOPE GRAND UNION Daughters of the
 State of Pennsylvania,located in the City of Phi
 ladelphia, would roost respectfully announce to tbe
 Public, that they are prepared to grant Charters,
 and organize Unions throughout the State of Penn
 sylvania.
 Terms for Charter, $6.
 Applications for Charters must be made to
 LHANNAH MARIA BUNDY, G. P. S. No 168
 Pine Street;
 SARAH RICHARDS, G.S. S. No. 147 So.
 6th, Street.
A journal for every home
THE
 NEW ENGLANDER:
 A WEEKLY PAPER, DEVOTED TO
 Temperance, Education, Literature, R form and Jn
 ttlligonce genorally e
 WM. A. WHITE, and CHAS. W. SLACK,
 EDITORS.
 IT is universally conceded that Intemperance and
 Ignorance are the fruitful sources ot nearly all
 crime, and in tbe eradiction of these this paper is
 actively interested. It likewise freely expresses
 the sentiments of its editors upon all the great re
 formatory questions of the day, and sympathises
 with all the enterprises of Christian benevolence.
 Combined with discussion on these subjects, each
 number will contain Original and Selected Stories,
 Letters from Carr sepond mis, Articles on Agricultural,
 Physiological and Scientific Matters,Literary Notings
 and Pickings, and a eornplete summary of the News
 of the Week.
 OO Tbe NEW-ENGLANDER is in its Ninth
 Vc’ume, and tbe present is a favorable time to sub-
 TERMS.—Two Dollars per Annum, f»-
 vanably m advance. No subscription taken for less
 than six mouths. Address all orders (post paid) to
 WILLIAM A. WHITE,
 Publisher and Proprietor, No. 90 School Boston.
From the New York Tribune.
 Water-Cure. —ln another page of this paper
 will be found tbe advertisement of I)r. Charles
 Munde’s establishment for Water-Cure, at North
 ampton, Mass. Wo, some months siuce, had the
 pleasure of welcoming the arrival in this country of
 Dr. W. a* a political tefugee, from Dresden, and
 ■n&gt; now tuqppy t* chronicle his permanent settle
 ment within so shot t a ride of New Yuih. ilia
 European reputation as a medical writer and prac
 titutionar of Hydropathy, as well as the large circle
 of friends his remarkable skill and general man
 ners have already gained here, will doulxless crowd
 with patients the institution over which he pie
 sides, and which is situated in one of the loveliest
 and healthiest regions of New England.
 DR. CHARLES MUNDE’S
 Water-Cure Establishment,
 AT NORTHAMPTON, MASS.—Dr. MUN
 DE respectfully informs his friends and tbe
 public, that he has become the owner of the late Dr.
 Haggles’ Water-CureEstablishment at Benaonville,
 2J miles from the Northampton Railroad Depot, 7
 hours’ ride from New-York, about 5 from Boston,
 and 6 from Albany,situated in one of tbe pleasentest
 vnllies of New England, surrounded with wood
 grown hills, with shady walks, and abundantly sup
 plied with the purest, softest and coldest granite
 water. The air is pure and healthy, and the clim
 ate mild and agreeable. The new and spacious
 buildings offer all the necessary conveniences for
 water-cure purposes, such as large plunge baths,
 douches and airy lodging rooms for about 60 pa
 tients, separate for either sex, a gymnasium, etc.
 The Doctor being tbe earliest now living disciple
 of Priessnitx at Graefenburgh, and having an ex
 perience of more than 15 years of bis own, his writ
 ings on Water-cure being in the hands of every
 European hydropath, hopes to respond to any rea
 sonable expectations from the water-eure-system,
 made on the part of those sufferers who may confide
 themselves to him.
IMPORTANT TO THE LADIES.
 CLOAKS! CLOAKS!
 10,000 Cloaks, Mantillas and French Sacks,
 selling off at astonishing low prices
 WE RESPECTFULLY INFORM OUR
 friends and tne public, that one of the firm has
 now returned from Europe, where he has been pur
 chasing, We have received the LONDON AND
 FRENCH FASHIONS, which are very beautiful,
 from which we are very extensively manufacturing
 Cloaks, &amp;c., of the richest and most fashionable
 materials in use, such as Velvets, Turk Satins,
 Black Silks, French Merinos, Thibet Cloths, &amp;c.—
 The designs and workmanship are excellent, embra
 cing taste, elegance, and durability.
 We would say to the LADIES, ONE AND ALL,
 CALL AMD SEE TOR YOURSELVES as we feel
 warranted in the assertion that our prices are at
 least 25 per cent, less than the materials can be
 purchased elsewhere, and made up in a more supe
 rior manrer than they can get them made up them
 selves—some good Cloaks and Visettes at $3,50
 each.
 Our stock of rich Black Silks, '1 urk Satins, Vel
 vets, Merinos, Gimps, and Fringes, is very large,
 and will be sold off at astohishinolt low ritl-
 CES. All persons requiring such goods are invited
 to call and examine our stock.
 WAMSLEY BROTHERS.
 Emporium Block, 66 Main st., Rochester, and
 14 Catharine st., New York, oci26 3m
The 014 Curosity Shop,
 'At No 48 Exchange Street Rochester.
 LLOYD SCOTT, grateful for the jmtronags
 awarded him, wotud respectfully inform his
 Iriends anti the public generally, that he has recently
 enlarged his establishment and augmented his stock
 of Men’s, Women’s, and Children’s. New and
 Second hand apparel. In addition to this depart
 ment he will buy and sell House and Store Furni
 ture, Books, Jewelry, Fancy articles, Mechanical
 and agricultural implements, and indeed all those
 various odds and ends” of which may not be
 readily obtained at oilier places. It is his intention
 to, keep The Old Curosity Shop” well furnished
 with an endless variety of articles for which be will
 pay liberally and dispose of at satisfactory prices.
 Clothing repaired and renovated with neatness
 and despatch.
 Dont forget The Old Curosity Shop.
 Rochester March 1849.
Dotal Surgery.
 I would respectfully inform the citizens of Rochester
 and surrounding country, that I have removed my
 office from No. 89 Smith’s Arcade to my dwelling,
 bouse No. 92 Monroe Street.
 Thankful for past favors in the line of my profes
 sion, and flatteringmyself that I can give perfect
 satisfaction to all who may favor me with their pa
 tronage. I would invite all those who are de
 sirous of having operations performed on the teeth or
 of having teeth inserted to call on me and satisfy
 thsmselvee.
 A. CLARK.
 N. B. au operations performed by me oo the
 tenb and Plate Work warrant*!.
 Rochester, Oct. 18,1848. rf.
SLOAII»S COLUMN.
Vb All the medicines advertised by W B. Sfoaa
 are sold by Poet k Willis, Wioefow k Young, Ro
 chester S. Kenshav, Frankfort; A. S. Bairsto
 Co., Lewiston; T. kA. Fry*, Brockport; Caleb
 Nje, Pituford; W. Williams, Buffalo; and by
 mo-t druggists throughout the United States.
 FAMILY OINTMENT.
 SLOAN’S OINTMENT is now universally ac
 know led ged to be an infalliibfc remedy, ia every
 case where it has been faithfully applied on the ha
 man syetem, for promoting Insensible Perspiration,
 drawing out the inflammation from a wound, re
 lieving pain of every kind, and in its heeling
 dines tbe world does not produce its equal, aud
 public pronounce it the cheapest and best Fami
 ly Ointment that has ever been used. All diseases
 of the Flesh, Obstinate Ulcere, Old Sores, Chi!-
 Wnius, Sore Throat, Burns, Cuts, Cutaneom
 Eruption, Sore Nipples, Sore Breasts, Diseases of
 dm Eye, Ague in the fane, side, back, and the
 otlwr parts of the system, Boils, Ulcere, Scald
 Head, Bruises, Fresh Wounds, and every kud ef
 •ores containing the least particle of inflammation
 •re permanently cured by this great remedy.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Depot, 40 Lake at.. Chicago, 18.
DOCTORINO IN hiu-, t
 Mr, Sloan:— Dear Sir. About three jw
 I was severely injured in one of uiy legs by
 falling of a pile of wood winch om asionod largo
 running ulcers. Nearly every ,W**r in Galena
 tried to cure them; but tried in vain, until from
 sympathy and improper treatment my other leg be
 came as bad as the on# originally wounded. I
 despaired of ever being well again- hut in ordsr
 that I might neglect no mean* v ;tmn my reach, I
 purchased of your agent in Galena some of your
 Ointment, and you can judge u f my surprise and
 gratitude bettei than lean exptets it, to find my*
 selt entirely well before I had finished using the
 second box.
 These facts I make known that others afflicted
 many believe and not delay using so valuable au
 Ointment n» yoars has proved to be- Respectfully,
 your grateful friend, EVAN DAVIS.
 Galena, 111., Dec. 19,1848.
ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES.
 Mr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Str: I hereby certify
 that my son Albert, eleven years of age, was
 afflicted iff his feet from the time be first began to
 walk, the bottoms of which were covered with k
 hard dry skin full of craks, earning pain and much
 affliction, many tiroes he was obliged to go on his
 hands and knees, and no time has lie ligM free from
 the sore affliction until now; baffling Tne skill of
 several phvsicianH; but to our surprise his feet are
 now perfectly smooth softan“. hue horn -racks, all
 from one application of your -.Hutment, I would say
 the boy put it on himself as -an experiment of his
 own, from hearing in recommended Nothing more
 was thought of it for three weekn, at which time
 his feet were near about in a healthy into, and are
 now the same as though tliey never had been other
 wise. Yours, &amp;c.
 ISAAC PADEN.
 Galesburg, Knox Co., 111., April 2d, 1849.
FIVE LARGE DEEP ULCERS.
 Sheboygan, Wis., March 2,1849.
 Dr. W. B. Sloan —Dear Sir: In my opinion,
 the greatest cures effected urd those that have
 longest resisted the skill of the Medical Faculty
 Admitting that to be a fact, I have a case in point,
 to wit: Mr. James Sanford, of Sheboygan Falls, was
 crippled two years with five large deep ulcers, just
 above the ankle. The leg was so much swollen h*
 oould not get on a boot. Nearly all the roost pop
 ular Physicians in various places, have treated bis
 case without any beneficial effect.
 Last August, Mr. Hanford, solicited my Rdvice.
 I succeeded in reducing the swelling and healed two
 of the sores. The other three I labored at till the
 first of February, without much if any benefit, w hen
 I gave him a'boxot Sloan’s Ointment, and
 in three weeks he was well.
 Respectfully yours
 C. B. OSTRANDER, M. D.
Tile BIST AND CHEAPEST
 HORSE MEDICINE
 IN THE WORLD.
AND
 CONDITION POWDER
 HAVE EARNED A GREAT NAME.
 BURNT TO CINDERS
 W. D. Sloan:—
 Dear Sir: Justice demands that I should return
 to you my unfeigned thanks for your unparal
 leled Ointment. Three weeks ago my daugh
 ter’s clothes caught fire, and before the flames could
 be extinguished, they were all burnt to cinders, tbs
 child was so badly burned ihni death seemed inevi
 table in less than twenty four hours. Your Ointment
 was recommended, and used with success—it gave
 perfect relief! It is needless to add that the child ia
 now well and about her business.—The medeemt is
 all and more than it is recommended to be. Every
 family and person should have it in their posses
 sion.
 I feel [indedted to you for my child's life, and
 anything that I can do for you or your medicine, I
 am ready and willing to perform.
 Your humble servant,
 JOHN H. CRANE.
 Flint Creek, Lake Co., 111.,
 Feb. 28lh, 1849.
For Puntv, Mddntto, Safety, (rrtamtyj
 land Thcroughnt* i NLOAD'S
 OINTMENT Extol*,
 And is rapidly superseding all other Ointments and
 Liniments now in use for the cure ol the following
 diseases:
 Fresh Wounds, G &gt;ll* of all kjnds, Sprains,
 Bruises, Cricked Heels, Ringbone, VViiidgalls, Poll
 Evil, Callus, Spavins, Sweeney, Fistula, Sitfist,
 Strains, Lameness, Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet.
 Scratches or Grease, Mange and Horn Distemper.
 The Powder will remove all inflammation and
 fever, purify the blood, loosen the skin, cleanse the
 water, and strengthen every part of the body; and
 has proved a sovereign remedy for the following
 diseases:
 Distemper, Hide-bound, Loss of Appetite, Inward
 Strains, Yellow Water, Inflammation of the Eyes,
 Fatigue from hard exercise. Also, Rheumatism,
 (commonly called stiff complaint.) which proves so
 fatal to many valuable horses in this country. It is
 also a safe and certain remedy for coughs and colds,
 which generate so many fatal disearas.
 W. B. SLOAN,
 Grand Depot, 40 Lake st., Chicago, Ultdou.
TOO MUCH
 Cannot be said in favor of Sloan’s Horse Medi
 diaes. Our neighbors, friends and acquaintances
 who have used them, tastily their approbation in no
 ordinary terms, and recommend them with con li
 ce nee. Cures, almost miraculous have been effected
 by this medicine. “Every disease winch the horse
 is heir to” is cured, permanently, by the use of
 Sloan’s Mediciues. TRY THEM and test lor your
 self their efficacy.— lll. Organ, May sth, 1849.
HIGHLY SPOKEN OF.
 Extract from the 'Wmkeoha Democrat 14'is.
 May 9, 1849
 “Sloah’s Medicines.” —A subscriber writing
 from the town of New Berlin, requests us to say,
 that he lias used Mr. Sloan’s Hoise Ointment in
 several instances during the past winter, and
 always with the desired effect, and wishes us to
 recommend it to those who have the use and care
 of horses. Mr. Sloan's medicines are highly
 spoken of generally, and from the favorable ac
 quaintance we hare with that gentleman, we are led
 to believe that ll*ey are ptepared with n view to
 give a real benefit to whatever purpose they are re
 commended
RATTLE SNAKE RITE.
 Dr. W. B. Sloak— Door Sir—Last month M
 A. B. Taylor, of Gopher Hill, IfMkiaim, had*
 hose badly bitten on the nose by h Rattlesnake
 Some ten hours after, I saw the horse, his head was
 remarkably awolleg, I immediately applied your
 Ointment freely, and we were astonished at the
 prompt relief afforded. In loss than one boor the
 swelling began to abate, and in twenty four hours h
 had nearly all subsided, and within three dgya the
 horse was not only fit for use, Ink was actually pm to
 hard labor without any injurious result.
 Yours, respeclftJty
 L. 8. BARTU-TT a
 Chicaoo, (111 Jim 8, WW.
"
