"POETKT.
T»fK BLAYE?*S UREAM.
 ,ii unmw«.
 WrtK
 Hm kraaat mi &gt;»w lb mm 4 Mr
 Wm borfe* tm MM mad.
 Afu*. a ill* ai* sot atoliw i&lt; *H&gt;»
 Ik M« hi*‘uatrre bad.
 Wik fereo|k fet 8 bray *f his to* nil.
 Tbetafly Niyw Brood;
 Bemafe fee psta iron m fe* phis
 Ourr nr** akreg bc sired*;
 Drtaal da awwui read.
 He kiw aaee atn Wit
 r Arerofl tor children eUarf;
 inf) Hu iKTA, uif) AUitJ om f
 TWy IwU bin by AHaal!
 K Mar l*irs* from tbc dwyar'i lid*,
 A ad (t* opm the read.
 Asdttas wifeefcrta* apred herede
 A loaf At Nifer’s hank;
 His bridte-rets* ware fnklta ctoias,
 Aim), with a Martial dank,
 At mA bap b enoU fed bb adbbd d *Md
 Snitiaf ku afadboa'i. Auk.
 Before kirn, like a I.tad-red faf,
 Tbe hrifht fbaMfoe* irw;
 From Mom tiH sty* be followed their fight,
 O’er plums wrber* the taiaariwl grew,
 IKli be **«r ike mob of CAfire buu,
 Aad the mim roae to
 At eight be beard the Ita’o roar,
 And the hfeaa’o arream;
 Aai the riwer-borar, a* be eraobrd fee icede
 Betide maac hidden strew*;
 Aad k paeeed like a gtaina* rw# of drew*,
 Through the If iaitipb of hie feeam.
 The fitraU wife their myriad tongue*,
 Khoole.l of liberty;
 Aad fee Id rot of the demrt cried sload,
 V ith e voice »o wild and free,
 That he etarted in hi* deep, aad saiiad r
 At their tempotuoa* glee.
 He did not feel the drirrr’s whip.
 Nor the burning beat of day j
 Death had illumed tbc Land of Sleep,.
 And his lifeless body lay r
 A worn-out fetter, that the eeaL
 Had broken aad thrown away.
 SONO,
 j
 BT THOMAS MOORE.
 Farewell! bat wheaewer yon welcome the Hear
 That awakens the night song of mirth lay oar bower
 Then think-of the feiend who once welcomed it too,
 And forgot his own griefs, to be happy with you.
 His griefs may return —not a hope may remain,
 fef the few that hare brightened bis pathway of pain
 Bet be ne’er will target the short rieiua, that threw
 It* eachaatment around him, white lingering will
 you.
 Rod still on that evening, when pleasure fills up
 To the highest top sparkle each heart aad each cup
 Where’er aiy path lies, be it gloomy or bright,
 My soul, happy frieads, sliali be with you that sight
 Khali join in your revels, your sports and your miles
 Awl return to me beaming all o’er with your mutes!
 Too blest if it tells me, that ’mid the gay cheer,
 Some kind voice had murmured, I wish he wen
 here.”
 bet fate do her worst, there are relies ofjpy,
 Bright dreams of the past, which she cannot destroy
 Which come in tbs n ight time of sorrow and care.
 And bring back the features that joy used to wear.
 Long, long be tny heart with such memories filled!
 Like the vase in which roses have once been di«
 tilled—
 Von may break, you may ruin the vase ifyou ariß,
 Bat the scent of the roses will hang round you still.
 NO SURRENDER,
 at martin r. Terrs*.
 Ever constant, ever true.
 Let the word be, No surrender!
 Boldly dare and greatly do—
 This shall bring us bravely through;
 No surrender! no surrenttet!
 AVid though Fortune’s smiles be few,
 Hope is always springing new,
 6UU inspiring me and you
 W ith a magic—No surrender!
 Nail the colors to the mast,
 Shouting gladly, No surrender!
 Troubles near arc ait Imt past—
 Serve them as you did the last;;
 No surrender! no surrender!
 1 hough the skies be overcast,
 And upwi tire sleety blart
 Disappointments gather fast,
 Beat them'off with—No fur tender!
 i ’t
 Constant and courageous still.
 Mind, tbc word it. No surrender!
 Battle, though it be up-hill—
 No surrender! no surrender!
 Hope—and thus your hope fulfil—
 There’s a way where there’* 4 will;
 And the way all cares to kill
 ft to give them—No surrender!
 THE POOR MAN-
 God grant the poor man constant health.
 To toB for daily bread;
 He has no-eerthly wealth,
 And must be clothed aad fed
 The proud of place will grind bis fee*,
 The hard r\ ithhold bis litre—
 Croat Parriit! heed bis piteous case.
 And guard his cottage fire.
 Thou rarest tar the little birds
 That own no earthy tad—
 Thou carest for the flocks aad herds
 That crop the .fewcry award—
 Hcar’st the )oung ravens when they cry,
 HsedVt the young lint’s roar.
 Ami wilt reward fee poor man’s «igh,
 Aad mock petition more.
 Then grant the poor maa -rartasl teaakh,
 Aad strength tar earthly toil.
 Wife •We*t content, fee dearest -rsife.
 Of weary mortal moil p
 And grant him power to rate Ms miad r
 To own a fleet ion’s swav,^
 Aad am fee charities designed
 X o ii k,
 M fragment.
 Weep nor feat Time
 Is passing an—it wifl are bag reap* I*
 A hrightorrew to fer nations. JrerffT
 Alsag few raise aad awaatoias of rim earth
 tVsw w Amp pmWfemw murmuriug,
 laks fee smifl rush of mitanuusM sareams,
 Hr Mm Cm olagteJ ssttmte af saifh aad air,
 An I taniastHmd wrihUs nighttfriunl^
 Mf ririna Fa* rows; and her stariug sal
 Fremrmj hrihkgiaf hm rttim hams,
 A»t’’lassaou’ Fetsaaet”!* riaTaaswwfeu
ptor, WM A tailor, working at has trade
 aad delivering lecture* to princes; Ho
 my, wasafteilor; Stowe, Ike historian
 of London, wan a tailor; Robert Hill,
 Ike self-taught Greek end 1 satin scholar,
 waa a Hertforshire tailor; Geo. Btd
 lard, a foamed Saxon ackolar and his
 torian, waa alao a tailor; Jot. H. Buck
 ingham, of the N. E. Galaxy,, aaa a
 poor boy, aad becoming a reporter, be
 floon waa at the head of the corpe edi
 torial of Boaton. Eliba Burrist, the
 learned polyglot, who knows 66 lan
 guage*, was of a poor family, and was
 apprenticed to a blacksmith. He he-j
 gun the Latin, and could read Virgil in
 one winter; J»e studied Greek at the
 anvil; be then went through French,
 German, Spanish aad Italian; all be
 fore he waa 18. Ha learned Hebrew
 with ease, doing all bis reading before
 breakfast.
 Mr. Burnt! says, that by a perse
 vering culture of the mind, aa eminence
 might be attained equal to any that has
 formerly been won; that what man has
 done, man can do again, and He who
 formed our spirits, placed among our
 common faculties, those which may be
 polished into an exquisite perfection, as
 ever the mind of man has heretofore
 shown them to have been.
 From the earliest stages of life up to
 manhood, the mind of man was con
 stantly receiving false images and in
 fluences. He was taught to believe
 that there were some, who were born
 irith faculties which were denied to
 others, and be who possessed these
 faculties more than another, was said
 to possess native genius. If a man
 outstripped his fellows, and reached
 the eminence which was the sure re
 ward of his exertion, the world ascribed
 it to his native genius, unmindful of the
 Sisyphus-like labor of each step, which
 led him toward the accomplishment of
 his purpose.
 The idea that native genius was con
 fined to the few, has deterred many
 from tasting the fruit of the tree of
 knowledge. Nothing was to be gained
 without effort, and if the resolution
 could be formed, and maintained with
 sturdy energy, to press forward, regard
 less of the influences which the world
 spread 1 around him on every side, he
 might attain to the highest eminence!'*
 Dr. Olinthus Gregory, says “With
 a few exceptions, (so few indeed, that
 they need scarcely to be taken into a
 practical estimate,) any person may
 learn anything upon which he sets his
 heart. To insure success, he has simp
 ly so to discipline bis mind as to check
 its vagrancies to cure it of its constant
 pronencss to be doing two or more
 things at a time, and to compel it to di
 rect its combined energies simulta
 neously, to a single object, and thus to
 do one thing at once. This I consider
 as one of the most difficult, but one of
 the most useful lessons that a young
 man can learn."
 Dr. Channing says:—“ It is asked,
 how can the laboring man flud time for
 self-culture I answer, that an earnest
 purpose finds time, or makes time. I
 seize on spare moments, and turn frag
 ments into golden account. A man who
 follows his calling with industry and
 spirit, and uses his earnings economi
 cally, will always have some portion of
 the day at command. And it is aston
 ishing how fruitful of improvement a
 shod season becomes, when eagerly
 seized and faithfully used. It has often
 been observed, that those who have the
 most time at their disposal, profit by it
 the least. A single hour in the day,
 steadily given to the study of some in
 teresting subject, brings unexpected
 accumulations of knowledge."
WOMAN’S SPHERE.
 Abby Kelley ha* besa lecturing in Harrtebarfh on
 abolition. We wonder if she know* how to broil a
 steak or knit &gt;t &gt;ck ii»;»s. —Pkdmddflma (7. S~ Gmz.
 We have ever noticed that when a
 female gives evidence of a superior
 mental cultivation—that she had lived
 to some purpose, above and beyond the
 everyday animal routine cf menial
 duties—that she aspired to drink of the
 fountain of knowledge—to take the
 place in the scale of intellectual being,
 which it was designed by her Creator
 that she should til), she is met with
 sneers like the above from the “lords
 of creation." *Tis true, we would not
 have them usurp, or attempt to usurp
 the places more congenial to the
 rougher natures of the sterner sex—to
 go tar out of the sphere of the affec
 tions—the endearments of domestic
 life—to mingle in the political arena,
 or to take part in the turmoil of active
 business, which would wear off the
 gentleness of their nature, and unfit
 them for the holier duties assigned
 them in the order of creation; but we
 would not confine them to the broiling
 of steaks and knitting of stockings," as
 if they had not the soul's aspirings
 after the rich and varied treasures
 which are everywhere spread out for
 the grasp of mind. This narrow, illi
 beral, and menial spirit dwellcth not
 with those who are themselves fitted for
 the appreciation and enjoyment oi
 these treasures. A knowledge of do
 mestic affairs, in all their relations, is
 desirable—nay, essential, to the com
 plete education of every female, the
 rich as well as the poor; for in the
 changes of fortune aad of time, none
 are pecucc from the contingencies ot
 adversity. A well regulated household,
 in cverv wtntion of jg pjjc ot
 woman s brightest ornaments—a source
 of happiness to her and to those who
 are dependant upon her labors of love
 for the attractions of home and its en
 dearments. But what is home, where
 there is no luteiiect—no cukivalioo
 refinement—no knowledge, save »kat
 which partakes of menial duties? What
 would society he, if (he prineiple in
 volved in the sneer of the United States
 Gasette—and this is bat one —-rtm
 thousand* of tnstanrrs i)iTrnilrd-~&lt;
 ware acted apoa? Gu to the plains
 of “merry France,"—-tea to Oer
 many, and to the euciviliaed —j-ma ot
 the earth, where woman b drsiidad s*,
 the labor, af the flaid, espuJd to the
 ot warn of the colder eeneena, and tbort
 hfed the praetka! operate* of this dee
 trine.
When we kaar af the afoqMot, to
 tm dnra*C
 Can he plant potatoes, nr hoe eon?
 Oh M! it ia assumed to he the natural
 position of man to triumph m the cefe-
 Ect of ißtttd; him ts assigned Mi
 exclusive monopoly of the deep trea
 birthi%bt, amTlame tbTjwTreHmodL
 Bat whenever eae of the other mxW
 tures beyond the sphere assigned for
 the mass-—whenever she displays na
 t torsi talents highly cultivated, and the
 gifts which God has bestowed upon her
 unproved, enlarged, elevated—at is re
 ceired as something that ought to be
 frowned npon- as aa assumption of
 t prerogatives belonging not to her. But
 this feeling is wearing away with the
 ,f progress of society—with a jnrter ap
 predation of woflian’ii duties, and their
 influence upon all the relations of life.
 And what though hers bo to rule in
 the affections? let these ho ehartoaed
 and hallowed by mental enknre—and
 better and happier w3i we all be for the
 change.
 WHY POSTAGE SHOULD BE UNI
 FORM AND CHEAP.
 •T AMASA WALKER.
 The Post Office Department, in «U
 i its ramifieatioos, is but a east. We
 have a central bureau at WTasbington.
 We establish mail routes to all parts
 oftbe United States, and appoint deputy
 Postmasters in all the principal towns
 and villages. All this we must .do, il
 we would have an efficient estabhsh
 t ment. We pay a certain sum annually
 1 for transporting the mail; no matter
 how much or how little is in it. The
 I mail must go just so for and jwat so
 i often, whether there be many letters,
 or few, in the bags. The officers of
 the department must have pay for their
 I attention to the business, whether
 f many or few letters pass though their
 i hands. The aggregate cost of the
 f Post Office is a certain sum annually,
 whether it distributes 50 mil boos or
 200 millions of letters per year. Ii
 not aU this true? And if so, does it, in
 f fact, cost any more to eonvey a letter
 I from Washington to St. Louis, than
 from Washington to Baltimore? or
 t from Boston to Galena, than from Boa
 ton to Newton? Certainly not. Then
 1 why should not the rate of postage be
 uniform? Every letter roust be mailed
 and delivered, whether it goes one
 i mile, or one thousand. Its weight h
 inappreciable. All the letters now car
 ried in the U. States mails do nol
 amount to three tons weight per day,
 divided among the thousands of stage
 coaches, railroad cars and steamboats
 employed in the service!! If there
 were four times as many letters as there
 now are, tire cost of transportation
 would be precisely the same as now.
 What, then, do we conclude from all
 these facts? Why, that since it evi
 dently costs no more to carry a letter a
 great distance than a small one, justice
 demands that ail should be carried at a
 UNIFORM RATE.
 Again, since it is obvious, from the
 foregoing considerations, that we can
 transport 200 millions of letters as
 cheaply as 50 millions, it is evidently
 our duty to reduce the rate of postage
 to a very low point, if by so doing wc
 can transport a much greater number
 of letters. And what shall we say ol
 the prospect of doing this, in view of
 the eminent success which has attended
 the partial experiment made by our
 government three years ago, and the
 intimation of the Post-master General,
 in his late Report, that a still further
 reduction may be safely attempted?
 And what shall we say on this point, in
 view of the complete success which has
 attended the penny postage system of
 England, where the number of letters
 has increased more than three fold?
 Why, clearly, we can only conclude
 that if TWO CENTS, the revenue of
 the department would, in a short time
 —that is, as soon as the natural opera
 tion of the system were fully developed
 —be equal to what it now is. The
 avcivge rate of letters postage the last
 year, the P. M. G. tells us, was but six
 and a quarter cents. Then, if under a
 two cents rate, the increase should be
 as great as k has been in England,
 (and who doubts, owing to the fact of
 the more general education of the peo
 ple, and /their enterprising spirit, it
 would be much greater?) would nor (he
 revenue be as large as it now is?
 The increase in England, as we have
 said, was more tbar three-fold. Now,
 it is quite plain arithmetic, that 3 times
 2 are 6; and consequently, that the
 revenue from letters under the low rate
 could be as large os under the higher
 one, if the increase were a little more
 than three-fold, as it has been in Eng
 land under the penny system!
 If all this is true-.■and' rt seems quite
 incontestible—why should we not have
 uniform and cheap postage at once
 We believe there is no reason why we
 should not have it; and yet k is quite
 certain that we shall not, except on
 one condition, and that is, that the
 rEOFLK demand it. There is no hope
 from any other quarter.
 The experience of England shows
 this. The reform met with the aoet
 determined oppoeitien from the officers
 and attaches of the post office depart
 ment, who exerted themselves to the
 utmost to prevent the adoption of the
 system, and to thwart its operation after
 it had been adopted by Parliament.
 No reliance must be placed upon
 government officers and officials in this
 matter; it mast b* a dfotiwef end
 peremptory demand of the people alone,
 which will ever bring about so desira
 ble a reform. They must hold public
 meetings, pass resolutions, get up
 petit ions, sod, in every proper and
 becoming manner, express their do
 termination to have n reform. Public
 sentiment, as expressed by popular
 meetings and through the must
 he seen aad folt to he in favor of the
 change.
 hm they mnrt be hi
 eaa generis wan. «asp matt mmm as
 a sins fan aeu apea the total aholkiea
 «*l (In mrUm mbikm* hmii
 aaiforti tale af two cento'per letter of
 a-t ever Mae eeaee
Knnnrt filltkj 1
 to show why we shoeid merit en these
 n—ta.
 tww OHNHiOuf*
 We answer because the ass of the
 freaking privilege »e inseparable from
 the abuse of k, and (he abase of k is one
 of the moat prolific sources of expeaee
 in the traasausshm of mails, aad of the
 most demoralising influence to the
 comnmnky. It is by the frmaked amtter
 that the mails are rendered to cumber-
 The abolition of the franking privi
 lege ri one of the grand features of the
 English system. Doct. Bowring, one
 of the most distinguished members of
 rthe British House of commons, and one
 who did as much as any other one in
 ParKmneut in behalf of the reform,
 assured the writer of this article, in a
 conversation oa the subject, that no
 point was more essential to success than
 the entire abolition of the franking
 privilege."
 Not toe Queen of England can send a
 letter without paying toe same postage
 os the poorest subject in her realm.
 Should we not do well to imitate so re
 publican an idea? If all pay a little,
 none need pay much/ That is tne princi
 ple on which cheap postage is founded,
 and the prineiple must be inviolable.
 Let us all, then, unite in demanding
 the entire abolition af franking;- two
 cents’ postage on letters; and, for the
 present, one cent on all newspapers of a
 reasonable size: and we have no reason
 to doubt that the experiment will be in
 the highest degree satisfactory and
 successful.
 We should do this, not only that we
 may secure the blessing of cheap post
 age for ourselves, but that we may aid
 the noble and philanthropic enterprise
 now in program, of uniting the nations
 of the earth in one grand system oi
 Ocean Penny Postage. Our motto
 should be*
 Penny postage for oareelvre—
 Penny postage for all mankind.”
From fee Kentucky Eumiur.
 DIFFICULTIES.
 Milton tells us, that he dare be
 known to think the poet Spenser a
 “better teacher than Scot os or Aqui
 nas;" and it is true, that the poets,
 while they present to us truth severe
 in foiiy fiction dressed,” often give us
 mom impressive lessons with regard tc
 the duties of life, than the professed
 teacher does. An incident in Tassc
 shows us in the most Mriking manner,
 how to deal with difficulties. We give
 the passage in Hoole's version. When
 Alcasto offered to enter the enchanted
 Forest— H'
 To oppose
 His further way mm of flame arose:
 Wider each moment it expands, and higher
 Aad seems one lofty wall of solid fire,
 Which round fee wood a wondrous bulwark stands,
 To guard its treasures from intrusive hands-
 Part high above the rest aspiring grew,
 Aad seemed a towering castle to the view.
 The ramparts of this new-made belt to guard.
 Vast store# of warlike eugines were prejwred;
 And oh! in what dire crowds fee internal brood
 To guard fee castellated barriers stood!!
 Some eyed fee chief with stern and withering look;
 Their weapon* some with threatening gestureskook.”
 Alcasto was alarmed and retired.
 When Tancred undertook to enter, the
 seme wall of fire was there to oppose
 him; but he was not to be daunted by
 difficulties, and determined to make
 them give way—
 If boldly I advance, fee fire* I see
 More fierce in aspect tlmn in tart kfv be;
 But come fee worst! As feus fee here spoke,
 A desperate leap amid the flames he took
 B 1 lures unmatched! Yet did no heat intense,
 A* of surrounding fire affect his sense;
 Nor rightly, in a space so brief, he knew
 If fancied were fee flames he saw, or true;
 For, hardly touched, the haaelc phantom flew.”
 This is the way to meet
 Plunge into them, and they are gone.
 There are always lions in the way; but
 if you march up to them boldly, they
 growl and retire. “Madame," said
 one of the ministers of Louis XVI. to
 Marie Antoinette, if the thing is only
 difficult, it is done; if it is impossible,
 k shall be done." The boasting
 Frenchman, without knowing it, ex
 pressed a great truth. The true prin
 ciple is to act as if nothing were im
 possible, which k is our duty to do.
 Where there’s a will there's a way.
 The great Disposer of events seconds
 the efforts of those who resolve to
 accomplish noble ends, and our duty is
 to
 Art—ACT in fee living present,
 Heart within, and God o’erhead.”
 There is a Hass of men, who, when
 any course of conduct is proposed to
 them, see nothing but difficulties in the
 way. Though blind before, they in
 stantly acquire a supernatural intenshy
 of vision. They are surrounded with
 horrors. In whatever direction they
 torn, awfirl phantoms rise before them,
 threatening destruction —lions roar,
 tigers growl, jackals scream, thunders
 bellow, and lightnings flash. Urge
 them to advance, and the very wall of
 fire before them burns to the very ben-
 We have been led to make these
 remarks by observing the disposition in
 the minds of some to consider slavery
 an incurable evil. They acknowledge
 the system to be a dreadful wrong—*
 wrong both to master and. slave—one
 of the greatest evils that fin* ever
 cursed the human race; and yet they
 say there is no remedy; the subject
 most not be dmc seed, ft eemsto us
 that such a course is worse dam that of
 those who contend that slavery is a!
 blessing. What! Shaft our enemy
 stand with hm foot upon our neck, and
 we make no attempt to rise? Shall we,
 like cowards and sluggards, contend,
 that it is useless for us to make any
 efforts? Who that calls himsetf a man,
 should not he asaamed of such degra
 dation? The vary ground ought to
 •brink from allowing such cowardice
 to lie open it Thri conduct aoome to
 ue net enlydartardtr, but enmL We
 i"* Jf; __
 to kill ths*wnlf fbet wn lladdliy the
MMk Ia |WftV
 ||4 folded tbeir bak and mid I# CM
 sst* LM* u *r^
 r quirt. Ik. m do Botkin. IIU «b
 -t surd to think &gt;f resisting EagW.-
 Let ns get on as weft a? we eon, ato
 I tears thing* they «ref* Bat ftiey
 were aK the pnam fin —nil irowrflj
 t and ignoble thoughts. Tkey«Ht«ii
 i They adoptod ths cmim whack they
 I rnmniJin Mail a&gt; n L, 4 |k a ftkuk*
 r coiisiutrm] rfMOfflQ ibw mvj
 1 would at least deserve sucooss. «A*h3
 s the/ had infinitely greater difficult^*
 to contend against than we have. Ken*
 tocksans? do not disgrace yotwweH
 earned fane! Do not fie still “till
 your enemy has bound you hand and
 foot!** Spam from yon the cowardly
 thought, thaf yo# etumot do what yoo
 t determine to do! Never let It bo said
 f that a Kentuckian w so menu in soulai
 to hew dowa a degraded head to fin
 i enemy, and whine oat in piteous tone,
 You are at/ master! spurn me, kick
 l me, trample upon me, do whet yoi
 please with me—l cannot resist!**
 i ■''*■_■'■
 Prow the Oroaotyp*.
 ELECTRICITY A» BYMNti
 i THY.
 We hare received an interesting,
 and, for such an occasion, an uncom
 monly scientific address, delivered by
 I&gt;r. A. Means, before the Medical Cot
 lege of Georgia, at the opening of its
 annual session in Augusta, Nov. Bth,
 1847. It is remarkable for the procni
 nence which it gives to the pathological
 agency and value of electricity. The
 learned professor,. throws together a
 1 greater number of important and signifi
 -1 cant facts, than we have elsewhere seen
 in synopsis, to establish the identity oi
 1 the electric and vital energies. All the
 processes of life, he finds are electric
 and conducted by arrangements subject
 j to strict electric conditions. The de
 -1 veiopment of these conditions—the care
 -5 ful provision of conducting and nooeon-
 Lj ducting tissues just as required in elec
 trical apparatus, is carious in the ex
 treme. We are pleased to see that in
 establishing his positions, this Southern
 Professor, not hindered by any unworthy
 prejudice of complexion takes honora
 ble notice of the remarkable practice ol
 our colored and blind fellow-citizen Dr.
 Danid Ruggles, with whose great sue
 cess our readfera are already somewhat
 i acquainted.
 Dr. Means refers as follows, to some
 experiments which seem to prove a
 solid foundation in physiology for the
 practice of Dr. Ruggles, which out
 readers will remember consists in
 1 ing of disease by (he electric state o
 the skin, determined by that delicati
 sense of touch- acquired in blindness
 i He sayf:—-- r
 1 The human bhiod in a normal am
 l healthy condition of the system, is in i
 positive state, which is constantly main
 tained by the activity of the generating
 sources within—an excess generally
 passing off in silence from the cuticulai
 surface, so that out of 356 experiment!
 made by Mr. Hemtner of England, upon
 the uncovered skin,” 322 indicated
 the presence of positive electricity.—
 This surplusage of the fluid upon the
 surface, we believe to be indispensable
 to the healthful condition of the whole
 animal economy, and that when, from
 any cause, it is diminished or ceases,
 diseased action ensues. &gt;r
 Dr. Means is of opinion, that the
 state of the surface in inflammatory
 rheumatism is electro-positive and the
 reverse in chronic rheumatism. Dr.
 Ruggles, m quoted from the Hampshire
 Herald of Jan. 4, says 1 of the electric
 action which he is enabled to perceive,
 "In Chronic Rheumatism it is quiescent.
 In Inflammatory Rheumatism it is
 treasioua and appears confined by the
 cuticle.* r The importance of Ibis elec
 trical indication of disease, if by any
 means it can be duly ascertained, is
 quite obvious. It is the still small voice
 and confession —the inmost truth—of
 Nature herself. To believe that any
 one can see or feel what we do not, is
 anything but natural. When feeling the
 skin of a living person we can recog
 nise the difference of dry and moist,
 warm and cold, but are as ignorant of
 the presence or absence of electrical
 emanations as tbs Hottentot is of the
 constitution of the atmosphere. We
 naturally set down every claim or pre
 tension to deeper perceptions as hum
 bug or charlatanry. But right, reason
 may not bear us out in such a decision
 and we believe it does not in the case of
 Dr. Ruggles. From our long acquain
 tance with him we believe him incapa
 ble of any such attempt at deception.—
 But let that pass for nothing.
 The testimony of scientific men,
 founded os accurate scientific experi
 ments, that there are such electric con
 ditions of health and disease as Dr.
 Ruggles, without any knowledge of
 those experiments, professes to have
 discovered by his disciplined to sc Is is a
 good foundation for faith to build upon.
 And the practice of Dr. Ruggles pre
 sents us with h number of strutlug facts,
 which certainly go for enough to excite
 the most lively interest, if wot endbubt
 iag faith in Iris claims, and to justify the
 coofideaee of a number of wealthy gen
 tlemen in Nortbemption, who have, by
 a liberal expenditure, furnish rd hiss
 with an ansarpassed water-cure estab
 lishment. We have heretofore detailed
 the case of Rev. Payson Wiilistoo,
 aged 81, restored by his practice
 from a severe disease which baffled
 btW treatment. The courage and con
 fidence with which he'undertook that
 case, certainly throws some confirma
 tion oa his mode of judging of the abili
 ty of patkwfo to bear the Water Trees
 ible source number ease, which hears
 with stiff greater fores. The late Pro
 fessor Stoddard, of Middfobury Ceflege
 consulted Dr. Ruggles, in regard to the
 propriety of bis taxing a hydropathic
 course. After examination, Dr. Reg
 gies groaafl that
 tolhe stomach and huge to give aay
 st’iirs.eatsrsE:
 i _ j i. i
 wfHH »n*i l.iuin (tfiv.R m.
t- ve seen, sr §tvt
 to Aejgi h unanimous to his
 k la has. His repo
 strong, that heis eototsntlr resorted u
 for m opinion by patients from si parti
 of the country, before taking a water
 Ha is infretbeesmang, and baa abroad]
 hmmummd, we believe, the Amencai
 We cannot better dose this notic&lt;
 than by adverting to the caee whicl
 first attracted the puhfic attention t&lt;
 one doctor without a diploma. Mr. Sul
 fivan, a young gentleman who wau an
 I der his caress 1814, for be then prac
 deed water-cere in a small way, for a
 disease of the hangs, foil from a bag!
 building, and received a severe sbx*k
 After the surgeen bad announcec
 i that no bones were broken, Dr. Reg
 gies objected to Iris being tried, leached
 i or drugged, on the ground that, accord
 ing to the symptoam, ha bad a betfei
 remedy at hand.
 TVrogh the yotfng nan was quite
 senseless, and was surrounded with
 anxious advisers, alarmed at the ideaol
 wring water in such a cane, ha took the
 responsibility, and put him through hy
 dropathically. The case was inscrib
 ed ill the foHbwmg article from the
 Northampton Democrat, June, 1814;
 but without giving the credit which was
 due to Dr. Ruggles.
 "A FriireL Lur Aim Narrow
 Esc Arc.—One of the moot extrordinary
 cases of preservation, under circum
 staaces of imminent peril, occaoed a
 few days since in this vicinity. On
 Friday morning last, at the Silk Facto
 ry of the Northampton Association* a
 building four stories in height, Mr.
 James Sullivan, a young man connect
 ed with that Association, went out on
 the roof for the purpose of picking up a
 mineral which he had accidently drop
 ped there while standing in the belfiry.
 To secure himself from falling he took
 off his shoes. Notwithstanding this
 precaution, after descending the roof a
 few steps, finding himself slipping, he
 took off one of his stockings, and whilst
 attempting to take off the other, his mo
 tion became so much accelerated, that
 further efforts to save himself from the
 fearful fell were useless. He then with
 remarkable presence of mind, rolled
 himself over upon the roof whilsihe was
 sliding, m order to prevent falling up
 on the platform, and when he reached
 the eaves, having drawn in and held his
 breath, clenched his teeth and hands,
 and contracted his muscles,, he leaped
 to the ground, a distance of 40 or 4£
 feet,, and came down on his feet!
 The concussion was so great, at
 temporarily to deprive him of the powe:
 of standing. He was carried into th&lt;
 f house and placed in bed, and was sooi
 after examined by a surgeon, who de
 cided that no bones were broken, am
 no -joints were dislocated, ahbougl
 I there was reason to apprehend serioui
 t injury to the muscles about the spine
 where there appeared 1 to be great sore
 ness. The young man’s friends thei
 wrapped him in sheets, wet in cold wa
 ter, after the manner prescribed by the
 water-cure" system, which soon pro
 duced perspiration. A cold bath was
 afterwards administered. In the after
 noon of the same day, he walked out
 without assistance; and the next day
 was running about with his usual hilari
 ty, complaining of no unpleasant effects
 from his fall, excepting a slight lame
 ness in one of hi* feet.
Fran the Salem flronklt.
 THE HERMIT OF LYlVlf.
 Ltxjt, March, 1, 1848.
 Died on Monday last, George Gray,
 the hermit, aged about 76. He was
 by birth a Scotchman, and came to
 Lynn about half a century ago, locating
 himself in a lonely spot, where he made
 has home till the time of his death. His
 early history is probably known to no
 one living—at least no one in this coun
 try, for be always avoided giving any
 information on the subject. He was a
 reflecting roan, of considerable literary
 and scientific attainment, and capable
 of imparting knowledge in almost any
 of the higher branches of human learn
 ing.
 He took gnat pleasure in attending
 lectures and scientific meetings, and
 collected a considerable library. But
 his fondness for the mechanic arts was
 perhaps the most conspicuous trait,
 and he became very skilful m some
 branches connected with machinery.
 Strangers would sometimes vex him
 with untimely visits, and by obtrusive
 remarks induce sudden exhibitions of
 asperity of temper. Bat if soy one
 assumed to be a scientific mechanic, he
 was sore of a courteous reception,
 though not of admission to his dwelling
 —And this woe not (infrequently taken
 advantage of, to obtain their end, by
 those who were merely prompted by
 curiosity.
 He cinimedto be the inventor of the
 moat useful part of the ship’s steering
 apparatus buftome one was before him
 in securing a patent, and he was sub
 jected to much expense and vexation in
 unsuccessful efforts to establish his
 claim. In religion he was probably a
 materialist, most of his life. The writ
 er recollects Ms remarking, some dozen
 yean ago, it was ridiculous fiw any
 one to smr that intelligence was not the
 result of physical organization,** but
 within a few years he appeared to hare
 dunged his views; and be probably
 died ui the full light of tho Christian
 feith. He was eccentric in his habits,
 and had quite as tittle regard lor his
 personal appearance as was agreeable
 to those with whe n be came in con
 tact, 'jenspm
 Am to physical exertion and en
 durance even in his old age, he was
 maskable; sometimes he would walk
 into Boston in a winter evening, at
 tend a lectors and walk boom afterward
 —making a distance of not lose than
 twenty auies. And many of tho Salem
 people remember him os appearing or
 ffiear Lyceum lectures, on winter eve
 nmgs, with his dilapidated draw hat in
 his hand, and porhspe with font sheas
 **ti
 crave leavmn a charaetor se feus from
 ft, l t
 aAsmkfoss, He probably M property
 to dm amount of aim# throe or four
 HHSrrWr
 MiMNMh
THE TYROLEfE.
 Tb® people are very cheerful and
 •“■pfe* They have little idea of the
 of elasses, and will come
 lo 7*«, and ask all sorts of
 yumman that is, of those who can
 Z?!'*"*- It amuses them to find
 ®o not understand them,which,
 G lr w none of the purest,
 _ c l on,,lK and they will laugh
 ILJ*
 IoH of I®* 0 y° ar ftce "bk
 =L Action. They are
 manner and?’ ttc,rert befes9, in their
 ticuloriy struck with the mutual r+JrZ^
 which they .bow
 SSXi. ,K, *h“.
 of roui
 courtesy and obligmgnc*.
 evidently a great deal of real brotherly
 kindness among them; the greetinii
 which you see exchanged along the
 road are such as one member of a large
 united family would pay another, vaiy
 ing with the age and character of the
 individual. There is a considerable
 degree of boisterousness sometimes,
 and my impression at first was, that
 they were quarrelsome and violent, but
 a sight of their good-humored, anima
 ted faces quickly undeceived me; they
 were merely taking advantage of thtr
 occasion, to be as sociable and jelly
 as they could, and were all talking to
 gether, bantering and joking with each
 other, every one trying to be best heard
 above the general din. You seldom
 see the sullen surly countenance, or the
 fretful, anxious expression so common
 in our country; tho Tyrolese peasant
 is conspicuous for his frank and manly
 bearing and his look of independence.
 If a man be reduced in circumstances,
 be does not therefore sink into a lower
 grade; he will take to some manual
 labor, or become the driver of a atell
 wagen, and retain his old connections
 and considerations in society. The
 usual aristocracy of the towns, who,
 generally speaking, arc a very modern
 ised class of people, arc the govern
 ment officials;, these laboring to main
 tain a distinct existence, and to keep
 themselves as separate as possible from
 the mass by their dress and habits. In
 the matter of education, however, there
 is no distinction; all are educated to
 gether r and it not uncommonly happens
 that at the distribution of prizes, which
 takes place periodically, the child of
 the peasant is preferred to one of the
 exclusive class. I myself was present
 at such a distribution, at which the
 smartly-dressed daughter of the burgo
 master figured among a crowd of ser
 vant girls, and little lasses in red hose.
 The nobles live at Inspruck, the capi
 tal of young Tyrol, or about the court,
 and belong to quite another sphere:
 gentry there are none. The law of
 primogeniture does not prevail here, so
 that the land is parcelled out among the
 children of the soil, and there are as
 many proprietors as there arc people.
 The law enjoins and provides for the
 education of every individual: every
 child must to school for so manr
 years——l believe till he is twelve—and
 must produce a certificate of having at
 tained a certain proficiency, before he
 can enjoy any ot the privileges of a
 denizen, or even be permitted to enter
 into the marriage state. The whole
 population of the country therefore can
 read at the very least; and they would
 seem to bo a studious peope. The
 women take their books to church
 for the purpose of religious meditation.
 The Rambler new periodical.
 Houses for Laborers.—A society
 exists in Edinburgh for promoting the
 comfort of tho working classes. A
 large piece of land is bought in the
 suburbs, which is covered with suitable
 buildings; watered, and drained from
 central reservoirs. All things (land
 and materials) arc bought at wholesale
 for ready money, and the best machine
 ry, with steam power, is used. The
 work is also pushed most actively wheu
 labor is in least request. In this way
 a saving of fully one half is effected in
 the cost of a dwelling over the urual
 expense to the poor, who pay exor
 bitant rates for lots or groundrent and
 for credit on material. Some 10,00(1
 working men belong to the Association,
 wach of whom pays a monthly con- i
 tribution. The houses, at low compa
 tative rents, pay full interest, so as to
 mduce capitalists, from other than
 benevolent motives, to contribute large
 ly to the fund. Every contributor re
 ceives his share of the rentals and
 when he desires to buy (for his own use
 only) he is entitled to his choice of
 unsold houses at nearly the cost price,
 payable in verpr small monthly install
 ments. By this plan, instead of small
 rooms in dirty alleys and courts, good
 sized, well lighted aqjl vci.tilatt d rooms
 are provided, with wide streets and
 rheap omnibus conveyance to the town;
 the cost to the working man is less than
 onc-haif of the usual rate paid by the
 laboring classes in the old way.
 Ax other Witxess.—A writer in tho
 Liberator, who signs himself A na
 tive of the South," thus replies to the.
 oft-repeated and stale assertion that the
 onti-siaverir agitation tightens the
 chains of the slaves."
 "I know agitation softens the
 chains. I know, since the anti-slavery
 excitement, a number of churches have
 sprung op in South Carolina. Slaves
 are better clothed; and I have been in
 formed by a gentleman who spend* in*
 winter months in Charleston, that the
 lews relative to the cobred population
 are much improved lately; that the
 work-house, although not abolished, is
 softened in sp*.-U; tLu rhe Ur*
 Cre a cobred man twenty lushes oa
 hare hack if he spit on the
 Hall or aify other public oflice steps,
 or if any dirt adhere to his shoes, sod
 •oil any public office step*, are re
 pealed! And many other good things
 he said, for all of which improvement*
 the colored people are indebted to the
 anti-slavery excitement. __
 QtoTtrns in Rostov.—la iHft
 society wan formed in Boston to p*"-
 mote indumrv Thm was owe of the
 tight hindot societies, forthey preset
 •d by ptaeties rather thsn by theory
 In 1753 they eebhralrd the.r
 sarv on Ruaton Common, when tsrvs
 hnmlved female*. slUrcd ui cloth
 ffiiir own memrihetore, were at
"
