"}J ottrji.
For the North Star.
 LINES,
 Written on reading the report of the proceeding! in
 Congrett on the Exttnewn of Slavery.
 HI W. J. WALKFR.
 O God! that men should thus forget the price theii
 fathers gave,
 Fighting on crimson-hooded field and crimson'
 curdled wave,
 When they sternly cast their lives on the hazard o
 a die,
 Resolved to live in freedom, or, struggling fol
 it, die.
 O God! that they should desecrate the memory
 the brave,
 'CO I
 Who, for their children's freedom, sunk
 M and uripea, ud
 *«r-s;ar for the captives, and a beacon for the
 free.
 O! would to heaven that trorn those graves, a
 startling voice might come,
 That should thrill far o'er t&gt;&gt;« nation, and should
 reach the humblest home:
 A voice whose cheering tone might bring a balm tc
 heal the smart
 Of the poor down-trodden bondsman's sore-crushed
 and bleeding heart
 llow long, my country, O how long, shall this dis
 grace l* borne?
 How long shall lender i liildren from their mothers'
 breasts be torn?
 How long shall bitter, scalding tears fall hot oi
 ma il ood’s cheek,
 And reedom’s air polluted lie with outraged .wo
 man’s shrieks?
 How long shall summer zephyrs, from gentle south
 ern skies
 Be laden w ith the arc &gt;.a of Christian bondsmen’t
 sighs?
 How long each gale be tainted with woman's bittei
 moans;
 And inAnliood's sterner voice be beard, in deep ant
 bitter groans?
 Well may'st thou, Ethiopia, stretch forth thj
 hands” for aid,
 Ami cry to heaven for vengeance—aye, for vm
 geance long delayed.
 Well in iv’st thou curso the Christian and hate the
 Christian’s God,
 For thy children are die Christian's slaves—thj
 blood stai. s Christian sod.
 Thank God! not yet, America, can all thy children
 bow;
 Let deathless fame await each name, and laurel
 wteutbe each brow,
 Of those who, for their country, for man, and foi
 The right,
 Dare firmly stand, unyielding, ’gaiftst die prouc
 oppressor’s might.
 Courage, defcn-leis of the right, and enemies ol
 wrong!
 Not to the swift belongs the race, nor battle to the
 strong.
 11*0 though your foes swarm on you like billows or
 the'rock,
 Stand firmly and undaunted, and abide the tem
 pest’s shock!
 \ou wage no war for conquest, ycu strike no blow
 for iiariE;
 t 'gainst a damning curse you dared to lift at
 arm:
 And though the tempest lower, and the skies an
 dark and drear,
 Vet strike right manfully for truth,trust God, and
 do not fear.
 N. Y. Central College, May 10.
 From the Gem of the Prairie.
 THE SORROWS OF EARTH.
 The Sorrows of Earth—say, who heeds not their
 sway?
 ’Mid visions of gladness, in daikness they stray;
 \V he Hopei’s syren voice sings a soul-charming lay.
 And Fancy o’er all shed’s a mystical ray,
 (Some chord of the heat twill with anguish be torn.
 Some discord through Hope’s lovely song w ill be
 borne,
 Through the bright realms of Fancy some shadow
 will move,
 And we languish in vain for her beauty to soothe;
 Ob the Sorrows of Eaith' they are present for aye,
 ’Mid visions of gladuess, in darkness to stray.
 Tbe Sorrows of Earth! Oil the Sorrows of Earth!
 Bay, where do tlie.-e heart chilling breezes have
 birth?
 In the home of the high, in the home of tbe low,
 To the brightest of prospects they give the death
 b'ow
 In the palace of pride, in the cot of the poor,
 The ir canker is eating, full slowly, hut sure,
 Their daik p;.H is Woveni g o’er land and o’er sea;
 Would we quaff from the fountain of pleasure so
 fret?
 Tbe drops of their bitterness poison the draught,
 And deep in cadi bosom is sunken tin..- shaft.
 The Sorrows of Earili! Oh the Sorrows of Earth*
 S why do they steal thus to sliadow our mirth?
 Olt! why mimt the spirit of mortals I* snd,”
 NV ben tiie love’ of a chosen one makes the heart
 glad?
 Why, shading the live-light,” slioukl dork clouds
 arise?
 Oh! why *h uld Detth’s hand close the bright,
 speaking eyes?
 Quench the musical voice, and the hcart-tbrobbings
 ■till,
 And leava but a memory the bosom to fill—
 O.' tbe richness, the fuilnesa,the pleasures of LOVE*
 And tear the sweet spirit to regi /ns above
 The Sorrows of Earth 1 Oh the Sorrows of Earth 1
 Spread over each landscape ilieir blighting and
 dearth;
 Not a tree but the leaflets are doomed to dtcay;
 Not a flower that is blooming but fadetli away;
 Not a smile, not a hope, not a joy, not a love,
 But sicturs-, or sorrow, or death will remove:
 Ol&gt; the anguish! tins deep-seated anguish that
 wrings
 The hea't of a mortal when Lope spreads her
 wings!
 J beii the soriows ot earth are full heavy and
 dark.
 And weigh diwn with mourning the manner’s
 bark.
 The Sorrows of Earth! They are present for aye.
 In the happiest lot, in the sunniest day.
 Oli! could we but find in our journey iug here,
 Some power t shnt out these ph &gt;ntours of
 fear;”
 SVccannot —.we cannot—we seek it in vain;
 i bis lite must bo stricken with sorrow and pain;
 But still we may soften the rigorous lot.
 By fixing our eye on the sun-lighted spot.
 Though clxids be mound it, the brighter it seems,
 As life is more real contrasted with dreams.
 E. 8. 1.
 Troy LaJeet, IVu., March, IS50?
 WAR AND ERROR.
 Wire half tbe power th it fills the world with terror,
 Were half the wealth bestowed on camps an
 courts,
 Given to redeem the taiud from error,
 i here were no need of arsenals and laris.
ittisccJJcmeoue.
RIGHT OF SUFFRAGE IN OHIO.
 Our Colored Fellow Citizens in
 Ohio have, during the last two years,
 made very spirited and commendable
 efforts to secure the Right of Franchise.
 They have held conventions, sent
 forth addresses, passed resolutions, and
 delivered lectures with a vie- 40
 pose the public mind to their
 object, and not without success, for we
 have observed a marked change in the
 tone of the press of that State with re
 spect to Colored Citizens, which may
 be traced rt to their own cfforts at
 vat ion. If they fail of accom
 plishing their grrfnd object at this pres
 ent constitutional convention, as is like
 ly to be the case, they must not be dis
 couraged, but rather glory in continu
 ing the struggle, remembering the old
 proverb, that they who shoot at the
 moon though they fail to hit it, never
 theless, shoot higher than those who
 aim at the earth. We copy the fol
 lowing proceedings of the Constitu
 tional Convention from the Anti-Sla
 very Bugle.— f. d.
 Among the resolutions adopted is one
 instructing the Committee on the El
 ective Franchise to inquire into the ex
 pediency of engrafting a clause in the
 1 Constitution more effectually to pre
 vent the immigration and settlement of
 negroes and mulattoes within this
 State. Of course it took aDemocrat(!)
 to propose such a resolution! Its ad
 option shows the ruling spirit of the
 Convention.
 On the 16th inst. Mr. Cook, of
 Medina, presented two memorials sign
 ed by about filty inhabitants of Stark
 and Portage,—one praying that the
 new Constitution may secure to all the
 citizens of the State equal rights and
 privileges, irrespective ot complexion
 or race; and the other praying that the
 new Constitution may accord to all the
 members of the Commonwealth equal
 rights, political and civil, without re
 gard to sex or color. Mr. Cook mov
 ed that these memorials be received,
 read and referred to the committee on
 the Elective Franchise.
 The redoubtable Mr. Sawyer—
 (whether he is related to him of Sau
 sage memory we know not) —said: “I
 shall ferever object, sir, to every peti
 tion of the kind, so far as the colored
 population are concerned. I don’t
 care if they prefer to let women vote
 and hold office—that don’t disturb me.”
 —[Laughter.]
 Mr. Archibold said; “I began to
 see, sir, that we are likely to be con
 siderably annoyed by petitions of this
 class, ahd 1 would suggest that we just
 as quitely as possible allow all these
 effusions &lt;f f &gt;ily and fanticisra to go to
 the table, without debate or remark—
 with the least possible notice.”
 Mr. Townsend said he would be per
 fectly willing that these and all other
 petitions should be received and refer
 red in the usual manner without dis
 cussion, if gentlemen would u
 oppose or characterize them as “ef
 fusions of folly and fanticism.” Will
 they agree to this?
 Mr. Mitchell had serious doubts
 whether any petition proposing to class
 the negro population of Ohio with re
 ference to their rights and interests
 with our wives and daughters, could
 be made in respectful language. He
 would be very glad if gentlemen would
 suggest to their constituents the pro
 perty of separating in their petitions,
 and carefully distinguishing between
 these two objects. He was opposed to
 combining them. It is a pity that the
 people of Ohio should not square their
 principles to suit the taste of Mr.
 Mitchell!
 Mr. Holmes, of Hamilton, inquired
 whether the signers of those petitions
 were white or colored. His vote must
 depend on that. He was unwilling to
 receive petitions from the colored por
 tion of our population, or even seem
 to entertain any disposition to receive
 them, lest the fact might go abroad
 and encourage them to petition from all
 quarters of the State.
 Mr. Cook: “I believe that I am ac
 quainted with nearly every individual
 signers of these memorials,and I believe
 they are ail white. 1 think I am not
 mistaken in that. I will say, however,
 that it would make no difference with
 me, in presenting these papers,whether
 their signers had been white or black,
 Judging from the tone of the remarks
 which have accompanied the presenta
 tion of these petitions, 1 am led to con
 clude that, except I alter my democra
 tic notions upon this subject, I shall be
 found in a very lean minority here, for
 I hnow of no one in the community
 so degraded whose respectful prayer I
 would not be willing to hear; and 1
 know of no deliberate body with de
 legated powers so awfully dignified, to
 whom I would not present such a peti
 tion.
 The memorials were received and
 referred to the committe on the Elec
 tive Franchise.
 On the 20th, Mr. Gray, of Lake, of
 fered a resolution, that the Constitution
 require the passage of laws prohibit
 ing any officer connected with tne ad
 ministration of justice in the State
 from aiding in the arrest or detention ol
 any person claimed as a fugitive from
 slavery or involuntary service.
 Mr. Sawyer demanded the ayes and
 noes on this resolution. He wanted to
 see whether the Convention was will
 ing to have a provision incorporated in
 the new Constitution in palpable viola
 tion of the Constitution of the United
 States.
 Mr. Swan moved to lay the’ resolu
 tion on the table, which was carried.
 A resolution offered by Mr. Hunter
 of Ashtabula, proposing to insert a
 clause in the Bill of Rights declaring
 that life shall never be taken for any
 crime whatever, and that imprisonment
 for life shall be the highest punishment
 inflicted in any case, was referred to
 the Judiciary Committee.
 We have condensed the above fr.un
 the Ohio Standard.
 ICJ* He who gives for the sake ol
 thanks, knows not the pleasure of giv
 ing.
From tkt Lilorator.
 TO WI. LLOYD GARRISON.
 Roxbcrt, May 34, 1860.
 Ho alone break* from tbe ran and lh» freemen,
 He alone aink* to the rear and the glare*!
 iV a may march pronpering,—not tbroogta hi* pr*a
 ence;
 Bonf* may inaokrit oe, —not from bn lyre;
 Deed* wil be don*,—H.Wte be boost* the.r quM*.
 Still bidding crouch who** re« bid aspire.
 J9rowmngs *Lott Leader.
 Garrison:
 I trust it is not too late to congratulate
 you on the result of the Anti-Slavery
 Anniversary in the city of New York.
 Ever since I first opened my heart ts
 the cause of freedom, 1 have felt an 4
 said, that an educated black man is
 the best anti-slavery argument,—little
 anticipating, meanwhile, the recent
 triumph of Messrs. Douglass anfl
 Ward. I know of no orator equal to
 Frederick Douglass, and it seems to
 me that the anti-slavery cause owes as
 much to him, to his forbearance, man*
 liness, perfect balance and wit, as the
 cause of human rights to your untiring
 and noble championship. I am glad
 that Douglass is my half-brother, and 1
 thank heaven that our Anglo-Saxon
 arrogance is like to be somewhat aba
 ted when we consider that he is no)
 wholly our You know very well
 that sympathizing with you fully in re
 gard to the principles of your actions,
 honoring you for your firmness, I have,
 nevertheless, feared sometimes lest
 you should press your argument with
 unrighteous point. 1 have feared that
 the cause you love so much might suf
 fer from the apparent injustice of youi
 abstract statements. When I listen
 ed to you in public, a feeling of pair
 has mingled with my admiration, and 1
 have prayed that you might be so led
 that, resisting evil unto the death, you
 might not needlessly array the preju
 dices of your audience against youi
 cause. 1 felt thus iu the May of 1849,
 and 1 then had to thank Frederick
 Douglass for rising after remarks that
 were liable to be misunderstood, and
 nobly, generously, religiously resta
 ting and pursuing them. When 1 re
 member what)our course has been
 for the last twenty years, what you en
 dured while I slept in my cradle, 1
 feel that neither 1 nor those who come
 after me have any claim to the qrown
 you wear. We have hardly a right
 to praise you, for the conduct which
 has spoken louder than words, for the
 perseverance which no bodily suffering
 has overcome. Not as an Abolition
 ist, then, but as the friend of Human
 Rights, as one determined to struggle
 to the last, for a free press and free
 lips, let me thank you for the stand
 thus far maintained in May, 1850.
 After such an exhibition of the despo
 tism of the New York mob, we need
 not be surprised to know that the offi
 ces of her city government have been
 long abandoned tu men who could be
 hired—the retainers of any mean
 enough to purchase a conscience. A
 negro man and a half-negro, whose
 generous blood a miserable Anglo-
 Saxon streak has not been able to pale
 have spoken to this New York mob,
 and have conquered it. In spite o!
 the press, the link between man and
 the monkey has been finally snapped!
 The last six months have been rich ic
 antf-slavery fruit, and little has ripen
 ed to so good purpose as Daniel Web
 ster's defection from the truth and
 right. I have no time now to echc
 Mrs. Swisshelm’s impressions of the
 man, as I might. In that regard, 1
 have long sorrowed over a noble wreck.
 It was hoped by many, doubtless, that
 he would find some noble excuse foi
 our fathers' compromise with sin and
 death; but had he, you must have lost
 the ground that we must either enter
 such a compromise or protest against
 our unholy Union. But Wm. Lloyd
 Garrison and the Great Expounder
 read the Constitution alike! 1 trust that
 every American will read his late
 speech, and will know henceforth that
 there is no middle ground for him to
 rest on, w ill understand that if he does
 not oppose, he must support our 'pe
 culiar institution.’
 ‘We that had loved him to, followed him, honor
 ed him,
 Lived in hi* mild and magnificent eve,
 Learned hi* gieat language, caught if* clear ac
 cent*
 Made him our pattern to live and to die!'
 We are told, in unmistakable lan
 guage that we must give up our pant
 ing fugitives, with their earned
 right to draw a short breath, to the
 pettiest U. S. officer, who chooses to
 swear on a master’s purse! This on
 the one side, inind you; and on the
 other, see the freemen of Massachu
 setts led through the streets ofCharles
 ton like pickpockets,—thrust into her
 prisons like criminals for the great sin
 of a dark cheek, nor utter one appeal
 to the court of the Most High! Rather
 let us utter it three times a day, like
 Daniel, with our- vrindows up, from
 this henceforth! Is it wondvful that
 a Rynders should a
 Webster led the way?—shonk choose
 to be little when he refuseq, to be
 great? Let men and angels grieve
 over our national loss, but rejoice over
 such anti-slavery gain! I agree with
 you in thinking that the anti-slavery
 cause is a gospel of itself, and
 contends against the same foes as
 the gospel in Judea. One bitter like
 ness we may all deplore. Among the
 primitive Christians, a man's foes were
 they of his own household. So are
 they now. Ido not mean that anti
 slavery feeling creates family discord,
 but simply that tbe subject being of
 such importance that no man can dodgr
 it, brings out into the light those dif
 fering degrees of conscientiousness
 which make it sorrowful work some
 times to abide with those we love,
 whether of the family or the nation.
 May God give us strength to endure
 every national and every individual
 test, until the end be come. May we
 watch and pray ceaselessly for thoss
 we love, but first of all, for that love of
 truth, which is tbe love of God.
 May this expression of sympath|
 strengthen the right cause. Use it,
 and ine, always and allwbere, in behalf
 of human rights.
 CAROLINE W. HEALEY DALL. j
 “Thou shall not deliver unto his
 master the servant who is escaped from
 the masier unto thee: He shall dwell
 with thee, even among you in that place
 which he shall choose in one of thy
 gates, where it liketb him best; thou
 sbalt not oppose him.”*— Dent, xxiii, 15
“TOTOAINT I»OUVBRTt T RB.»*
 The English papers inform us tba
 this new play of Lamartine, the poet
 statesman, al its first representatioi
 produced a great sensation. Tons
 saint L’Ouvertnre, the chieftain o
 Hay ti, was a slave on the plantation o
 M. Bayru. When the riving of the
 negroes took place in 1791, Touasain
 refused to join them until he had aid
 ed his master and family to escape t(
 Baltimore. Mons. B. had discoveret
 in him many noble qualities, and hat
 instructed him in some of the firsi
 branches of education, and to the ne
 gro’s gratitude for this kindness wai
 owing the preservation of the master*!
 life. In 1797, Toussaint was appoint
 ed by the French government general
 in-chief of the armies of St. Domingo
 and under his government the Islant
 was happy, tranquil and prosperous
 Napoleon attempted to re-establisl
 slavery in St. Domingo, and thougl
 the project failed, yet the chieftair
 was sacrificed. He was seized am
 hurried on board a vessel at night, ant
 •carried to France, where he was con
 lined in a cold, subterranean dungeoi
 atßesaacon, where, in April, 1890, hi
 died. Whittier, the poet, in thrilling
 versa, has immortalized the dark war
 ■tors fame.
 iL Candid .Witness. —Epes Sar
 fsftt, the Editor of the Boston Tran*
 icr.pt—a man who has no affinity with
 Abolitionists—having been an eye
 witness of the row in the Tabernacle,
 wrote to his paper an account of the
 scene, in which he says:
 It was the first time I had seen
 Frederick Douglass. There seemed
 a disposition to hiss him down on the
 part of Captain Rynders and otheT
 pillars of the church. But Douglass
 deprecatingly remarked, that surely
 the audience could not apprehend that
 any difficulty would be created by a
 monkey;” and he thereupon replied,
 in a mingled strain of sarcasm, pathos
 sad manly scorn to the harangue of
 his medical predecessor. I really can
 not name the white man, in Congress
 or out, who could have acquitted him
 self more eloquently and ably—with a
 more graceful ease or- dignified sell
 possession—than Douglass did on this
 occasion. His voice is strong, musi
 cal and pliant; his utterance measur
 ed and promp; his language choice,
 pointed arid beautiful; and there is a
 reserve of power conveyed in his man
 ner, as if he did but give to his words
 half the fervor and force which his
 heart would lend. After he had spo
 ken some minutes with a spirit, a read
 iness, and a propriety which extorted
 admiration from friend and foe, he
 turned abruptly to the audience, and
 exclaimed:
 “Look at me—and judge between
 me and that gentleman’s theory— am I
 not a man?” A thundering Yes went
 up in reply from many voices.
 Cotton Cultivation in Jamaica.
 —The cultivation of cotton in the
 British West Indies, and iu other pos
 sessions of Great Britain, is becoming
 a topic of great interest and attention
 with the British Government and peo
 ple, principally from an apprehension
 that serious difficulties may arise from
 the present dependence of Great Brit
 ain upon the United States for a sup
 ply of an article so essential to the
 mercantile and manufacturing prosper
 ity of the former country.
 From an advertisement in a New
 York newspaper, we learn that a Cot
 ton Company is now being formed for
 the cultivation of cotton in Jamaica,
 and the advertiser, as agent, wishes to
 receive applications for shares. It is
 proposed to purchase a certain estate
 of between 2,500 and 4,000 acres, in
 the vicinity of Spanishtown, the me
 tropolis of Jamaica. Cotton grown on
 the Island is stated to be remarkably
 fine in quality and, when once planted,
 the friendly nature of the climate and
 soil renders it independent of much caro
 on the part of the planter,
 j We would be glad to hear of the
 j success of this, and every other effort
 to increase the supply of cotton cultiva
 ted by free labor.
 The Past, the Present and the
 Future.-— The Liverpool Albion glan
 ces at the past, and the prospective for
 1850, and gives (this brief but compre
 hensive view:
 What may happen on the continent
 of Europe before it shall also go down
 into the grave of time, he would be a
 bold prophet who would venture to
 guess. France is always uncertain.
 Germany is unsettled, and in a state
 of effervescence from one extremity to
 the other. Italy is groaning to be free.
 Hungary is only held down, but nei
 ther conquered nor pacified. The blood
 of murdered patriots and martyrs has
 vet to be avenged. There is an ill
 feeling growing between Prussia and
 Austria. The young eagle of the
 soaring house of Brandendurg is eager
 to take advantage of dotage of the race
 of Hapsburg. Russia, too, is biding
 W time to pounce upon Turkey. It
 may be, then, that we have not.reached
 the end of the storm, only a 'lull be?
 iween the gone and coming blast. We
 walk upon gunpowder. A spark is
 enough to cause an explosion, and we
 have firebrauds flying m all directions.
 —Blue Hen's Chicken.
 At the first performence of Lamar
 ine’s play in Paris, at the Porte St.
 Martin, a crowd collected round the
 doors as early as twelve o’clock; at the
 opening the throng was immence. In
 the first scene the population of St. Do
 mingo was exhibited collected on the
 bankft of the sea, upon whose blue sur
 face was reflected the brilliant light of
 the sun {the black Marsellaisc was sung
 with enthusiasm, and, throughout the
 piece, the aid of beautiful scenery and
 uf well-managed machinery gave to the
 striking incidents and energetic poetry
 an effect which quite won the admira
 tion of the audience. The acting ol
 Frederick Lemaitre assisted the poet,
 and the whole was received with en
 thusiastic applause. When the curtain
 fell the poet was loudly called tor, but
 ne had left the house. The audience
 sung a rtfra/in upon the favorate tune
 Lampion, w hich was so universally sung
 during the days of the revolution, mak
 ing use of the name of Lamartine in
 stead of Lampion’s. The whole affair
 was very gratifying to the author.
“SI!
Asjlia for the Sick.
 DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic sad Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 Orphan A.yUtm, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 w now firmly established and in successful opera*
 tion. The proprietor analyse* every diseas etbat is
 admitted there, awl applies the natural and appro.
 pnate remedy. Although water is mad in everyway
 1 ■PP‘ wd ,a '••tor-cure establishment in
 the l- mted States, yet the proprietor wishes it to he
 expressly understood that it is not relied oa as the eat*
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mined to his care.
 This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who hare failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems af practice, and are still suable to
 walk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 buds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out aay hope oferer being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 only entirely remove disease hut ghre increased
 su-enath and elasticity to dm system. Many bare
 been brought here from different ports of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from fire to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 diem when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseasespecufiar to females, such as
 Ist. The felling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in pstients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they hare beeo confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress t temselres, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ot Urn Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhoea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, ail Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kifids, Salt Klieum, in its woisl forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its fiist stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given ids whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from any
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his success, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give uiat class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 ■ny all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back heme again, before be com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for nothing,
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 oue thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misiepiesentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 tor know what wil. be satisfactory, and it shall be
 dulv co: sidered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the iuflaence of those who have beta helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the exjtense of thosu who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of ibis Circular is not to make known tbe
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other oue tiie
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore tire
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to he made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in tire Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness oi
 u&gt;KUtr«, capability of endurance, ami improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural laws of organised matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, wiil receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who iiave been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if,
 required.
ATHOL WATER CURE.
 THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
 His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, aud in
 purity has been pronounced equal to water on a
 blistilled,” The location is quite eligible, being but
 it short distance from the V. &amp;M. railroad. The
 v c inity abounds in a variety of scenery, aud has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of L)ea. 8., of Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 August. Her case presented the following pheno
 mena. If placed in an erect position, aud left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite her efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. Site had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of tiept.,
 and was contiuued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to walk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to ber family, shel
 has continued her buths, with corresponding im
 hrovemeut to ber health. She now attends to ber
 aomcstic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets,
 ajlf a dozen towels marked, with old linen lor
 bandages,
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to. the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are leas particular in the selection of
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 wilhothers, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Goods.
 MANUFACTURED by tbe American Free Pro
 fos-e Association, and for sale at No. 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur*
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and white Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 die- die, f
 Orders for Goods, or letters desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKtm, 31, North
 Fifth -street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 Janies Mott, No. 85, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome asJbrtmeat of Prints now
 on hand. jui—tf
Colored Sailors’ Hobo,
 330, Pearl Street, New York.
 FRIENDS of the slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board, and at as low a price as in any otbei
 liotue in the city. The house is huge and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seveuty persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. P. POWELL.
 May 11 ,1840.
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons ot
 Hospitals in this countiy, in addition to those who
 Have used the limb, as being in every respect rape
 r«or to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Spnmjg/uU, Abo.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currier k Hudson.
 They warn*, tntvi satu/actom
 RtrtREHCES.
 Drs. Hamilton and Svkaoos, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Gar son, Batavia.
 Drs. WsnsTsa and Moose, Rochester.
 Dr. Pott* a, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hours, Syracuse, sepl4-6m
■tisrtetis Eclectic Metical Institvte,
 M Water-Care E&amp;teMiskaeat.
 T’HIS institution ku been in mccenfii! operation
 X daring fourteen yewre, for the cure of alt Chronic
 oranm be removed bymndi-
 MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa-
 Uentn here been restored to health and
 by the treatment pursued nt tbis In.Ut.itwn, nbo
 could not find relief by any other cour*e of mdi.
 cine. Hand red. who had been conAned to their
 beds for yenre, and who were nlnwat in dtitnir,
 hnre land renewed hope and courage when they tare
 learned that other*, tabor inf under ns many discour
 agement* ns tbemselvas, have been cured fay thi»
 treat went after every thing else had failed.
 „1W who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOCB. or SPINAL dii&amp;ulties, CURVATURES,
 which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 “IS****/ r I t bc&gt; r accompaniments—ns DYS
 PEPSIA.RHEUMATteMjSEURALOIA, COS
 TIVENEBB, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY, and n host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone wiU not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like yon every veer. Physicians bring their wfvei
 and children to have them cured—why net const
 yourselves, and save lift*, time and money t
 ”®.*te using water in all the various way* it
 which it is applied in water-cure establish menu; yei
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines at
 they are generally understood and applied; hut i
 COMBIRED TREATMENT WITH ELECTRICITY
 and R new mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in it* efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in out
 half the time it takes under any other treatment
 allowing that treatment to be successful, which is no&lt;
 the case one time in ten.
 Female Diseases.— Prolapsus Uteri (fellitu
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed ant
 excessive menstruation, this disease* incident u
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing
 which are more frequent than Physicians are w illing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice
 Females frequently suffer for years from the disease!
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 less ness and pain, when a few weeks' or at most i
 few months’treatmeut, would remove their difficultly
 and restore them to their families, with health u
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to tin
 happiness of others. This has never tailed to bi
 accomplished iu single instance in tbis Institution
 however weak and helpless the patient may hav&lt;
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds o
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriagt
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. The*
 ladies have walked miles diiily before leaving Um
 Institution.
 Such is our knowledge and confidence in this wiper
 aldled treatment far all long Mending or Chrome die
 eatee, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer th
 following PROPOSITION:
 Wlr will enter into a special written agreement will
 such ae deeirt it, who enter the Institution, follow th
 mite and regulations, and go through the system 0j
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and fron
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, am
 five them our professional services, free of charge,
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it ii
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism frou
 those interested in keeping patients under their owi
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn ou
 by disease, who have spent much of their substanci
 iu procuring medicine, and seeking relief, withou
 finding it; that lie re they will not spend their mens;
 without benefit, and that no false statements or ita
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modut operandi of curing Female difficulties i
 i new discovery and practised only at this Institution
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who hart been con
 hned for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from walking by other diseases, can go t*
 and doun stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment
 unthout fear or trouble in regard to their original dif
 foully. To produce this almost instantaneous relief
 'hepatient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, am
 n every instance a speedy cure is performed. If am
 me doubts let them select the most trying and difi S
 :uft case they can find, and lest our veracity and shill
 Our TERMS are easy.
 N. B, —Any one wishing to know more about ou
 system of treatment for Lunq diseases or any otbe
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we wil
 tend them an account of the institution—Certificate
 cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free o
 barge—together with the roost respectable refer
 snees in the city and country,
 F. S. Our room is limited, therefore we wan
 none to apply that can be cured at home. We prid
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortuuat
 enough to do.
 Communication. l should be addressed to Halstei
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., pos
 paid.
 References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, an
 Rev. Q. W. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
 JOHN D. REVALEON, Hair Cutting Saloo
 and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstone-a
FREE PRODUCE STORE.
 NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width.
 Fine and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colcred
 Cambrics,
 Superior fine Chintx Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
 Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 teduced prices Ginghams various qualities aud
 styles. 1
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Miibiirss
 Strined Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.l
 Muslin de Laine, plain and neatly figured, all wool
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 F lannels 4-4 good and price lew. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
 Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Haudkerehieft.
 Uo Twihvd Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos,, bleached, brown, and
 colored*
 W*ddi„! White and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverised Sugar.
 Browu Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 Ihe whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 ot country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 rroduce Association, to assist tbe Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time.
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
JUST PUBLISHED and for sale at the office oi
 of the Anti Slavery Standard—
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition.
 This work contains about 290 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 371 cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A veiy libera) dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 121 cents.
 Letter to the People of tbe United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 18| cents.
 Wm. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A 3.
 Society of Salem Mass. Reported by H. M.
 Parkhurst, Boston—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Pi/th Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment of anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on hand. Also- a handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefo
 and Fancy Stationery.
 All letters relating to tbe business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia, jul—-tf
“Every Man his awn Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
 JUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, ot Family
 Manual, giving tbe cauaes, symptoms and treatment
 of Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules tor preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. Tbe
 whole written for general use and dailylpractire, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.»
 Also, accompanying this book, or separate, is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book devoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their names, varieties,description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 The Herb Book is derated sotelj to Popular Meti
 cal Botany, and will famish on that point nil the
 nesired information wanted for general use.**
 The two books are put np nod bound together and
 contain 206 pages, price 25 cento, or sold separate
 at I2j cento.
 The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so that one may be recognised from another, to pee
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 skntdTof general physiology, and rules for keeping
 in health, together with oheervatioae on tMr causes,
 means of avoiding detetenoas influence#, aad such
 utter remarks as am dseaad appropriate, for bscb
 mein end fimth.
Tbo book has been written with great care, ks
 «’Uy.«o be-,-
 cma nal a thorough nmist. We ms reeoawisnd
 it with entire confidence, ns being a work superior
 in all respects to any other book of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 Famines in Uw cornitnr.aud especially those liv
 ing in new countries and unhealthy climates, should
 not foil to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case of sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrnc
 tpd doctors bill. Whether well or sick, such a bonk
 should ho in every boose as a safe and sire adviser
 m time of need, the direction given for prison* in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 Tie* price at which the bonk is sold is so low that
 eyeiy family may have a copy, and none should he
 without it.
 The book is pot up ia Paper binding, and enn
 easily be sent. liy mail. Postage only &lt;4 cents to any
 nart of the U nited States.
 A «y l* r,Wß ns one dollar by mail, «pl
 pud paying postage on the letter, dmll have four
 copies sent him frrt of pootagr.
 Seua in your orders*, there is no risk in rrmHng
 money by mail, it conies to us daily, and ,1m books
 always reach th ir destination.
 Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address
 WANTED—Agents in most of the State* to tefi
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 carried to their doors. A small capital of from $2O
 to $5O w i]| be necessary for each agent. Address,
 •**P°*. GEO. W. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 F.xchang«-st, Rochester, N. Y
G, W. MEP'CHANT'S^
 (II K H It V 1 K
 \HCI i.\(; oil.i
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
 A THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
 Ever Discovered I
 TIME and experience hare full* proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY Us nui ItseqimJ
 on tlie Hat of popular medicines, ha vine been before
 the public for more than fourteen year*. Testimo
 ny of the moat disinterested character of its won
 dcnul effects on the animal economy it almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of so*,
 rial remark, that l&gt;eside the great and extmordina/y
 powers in the cure of 1
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it has been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
 Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Expert*
 ence of more tlian fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure raoit vases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cute of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and iu which eth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS Af
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Coras
 Boils, Whitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Crauips, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers from local causes, Caked
 Breasts,Contractions ol the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, kg.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such as
 SPA VINS,
 Sweeney,
 RINOBONE,
 Windgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Galls of all kinds,
 Fresh Wounds, Bruises,
 V is tula, Sitfait, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet, Scratches.
 OR GREASE MANGE, FARCY, *e, (t.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa*
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were tliey at all interested in a pecuniary point,
 they could hardly have been credited.
 _ *l* cekliated Dr, Parker also writes as follows:
 Dear Sir: 1 have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 various cases of
 PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would wsi
 ineml it to physicians generally for external
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 wnd ia oU rheumatic affiectiaiw, where external
 means are necessary. As a discutient, it is harm
 less where uie febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In s M :ii cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle ol means uow in
I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy where there u uo
 general fever in ail the above diseases, to be used
 lively, and to counteract inflammation in a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hand, of
 FARMFR STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of thn
 great number of medicines which have been offered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt curt
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has hr on
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the following:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 This is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two buudred horses,
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all thn
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 commend it to the public ns the best medicine tar
 bo.ses now in use. D MINOR.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will be
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by tbe use of this medicine-
 Sold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post A Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow You no, 11. D. Wap*
 Rochester.
 H E Gaylord, Henderson Pander son, Cleve’
 land, O. G Ding k Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 k Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany i
 Hollister A Co, Buffalo; Greenman k Smith, Util
 cu; P D Orris k Co, Troy, NY. July 15— 6oij
1 British Periodical Literature.
 Tht London Quarterly Review, the Edinburgh Review
 The North British Review, the West min tier Renew,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Mv+axine.
 j rpilE w ide-spread fame of these splendid period! j
 X cals renders it needless to say much in their praise.
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance el
 I any tiling of the sort now published, while the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity,
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 They embrace the views of the three great parties
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; and tbe Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view if, more of a religious character, having been
 originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, since
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr.
 Hanna., associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary of the veryhighsst order. The
 W estminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is publtseed in England under the title of The For
 eign Quarterly and Westminster —it being in tact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work tbe best features of both as heretofore issued.
 The above Periodicals aie reprinted iu New York,
 immediately on their arrival by die British steamers,
 ■in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper, and
 are faithful copies of tbe originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact/ac-sima/eof the Edinburgh
 edition.
 PRICES ro* 1849, (ip subscribed fo* early.)
 For any one of the four Reviews, 98 00 per annum.
 For any two do 5 00
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 8 Reviews, 9 00
 For Blackwood A the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Paymentt to be made in all cates in advance
 CLUBBING.
 Four copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular ana
 scriptioa for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with toe British publishers of
 Blackwood’s Magazine secures to us early sheets ot
 that work, by which we shall be ahfe to place thn
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before say
 portion of it can be reprinted in any of the A tsarina a
 Journals. For this and other advantagee secured to
 oar subscriber* we pay so targe a consideration, that
 we maybe compelled to raise the price of the Mag*,
 sine. Therefore we repeat “subeciiha early while
 foe price is low.
 Remittances and cosaiaua matron# should dean
 IU Faten Street, New Tatfc,
 t
"
