"The NORTH STAR is published every
 Thursday, at No. 25, Buffalo Street,
Opposite the Arcade.)
I RE 1 &gt;LR ICK I) IUGLASS, Editor
I'wo dollars per annum, always in alliance. No
 übscriptiou will la* received for a less lerm than
 mx months.
Advertisements not exceeding ten lines inserted
 three times for one dollar; every subsequent inser
 tion, tweiity-fi\e cents.
The object of the North Star will be to abolish
 SLA\ ER\ in all its forms and aspeots; advocate
 Universal Emancipation; exalt the atandaid
 of public morality, promote the moral and intellec
 tual improvement ol the Colored People; and
 hasten the day of FREEDOM to the Three
 Millions of our enslaved fellow countrymen.
PUBLISHER’S NOTICES.
 d3h All communications relating to the business
 matters of the paper, names of subscribers, remit
 tances, &amp;c., should be addressed to Frederick
 Douglass, Editor, Rochester, N. Y.
 031“ Agents, and all others sending names, are
 requested to be accurate, and to give the Post office
 the County, and the State. Each Subscriber is im
 mediately credited for money received.
 03- Any person sending in payment for four sub
 scribers, to be forwarded to one address, may
 have a filth copy for one year.
 03“ All letters and communications must be post
 paid. r
LIST OF AGENTS
Mass achu setts— R.f Wallcut, 21, Cornhill,
 Boston; Nathan Johnson, New Bedford; Horatio
 Foster, Lowell; James N. Buffum, Lynn;
 Bourne Spooner, Plymouth Cyrus Bradbury,
 Northampton.
 Connecticut— Jabez Cogswell, Brookfield.
 Nf.w Fork.— Sydney Hr Gay, 142, Nassau
 Street; Wiliiarn Harned, Anti-Slavery Office, 61,
 John Street; John J. Zuille, 48, Watts Street;
 Joseph Post, Westburv, Queen Couuty; Mary
 Harper, Albany, Elia's Doty, Macedo'n; WiU
 letts Keese, Peru, Clinton County; J. F. Platt,
 Penn Yan; J. Jeffrey, Geneva; E. L. Platt, Bath.
 Rhode Island. —Amarancy Paine,Providence.
 Pennsylvania —J. M. M’Kim, 31, North
 Fifth Street, Philadelphia; Joseph C. Bustill, 149,
 So. Sixth Street, Do.; B. Bown, Pittsburgh! Wm.
 /Vhipper, Columbia; Milo A. TownsencL New
 Brighton.
 Ohio.—J. J. Gaines, Cincinnati Chare*
 Hand, Harveysburgh,Clinton Co; Samuel Brook)*,
 Salem D. Huntingdon, Chardon, Geauga Co.;
 Hamilton, Lowellville, Mahoning County;
 J. D. Patterson, Urbana, -hampaign county.
 Michigan. —Robert Banks, Detroit.
 Illinois. Hemy O. Waggoner, Chicago;
 Marshall Hayward, Richmond, M’Henry Co.
 Io \va.— Alexander Clark, Muscatine.
 Canada.—John James Carey, Toronto.
WILLIAM B. CLOUGH, PRINTER
Selections,
UNITY AND BROTHERHOOD OF
THE HUMAN RACE,
Rev. Thomas Smyth, I). D,, the
 Carolina patriarch who gained more
 fame than glory by his encounter with
 Frederick Douglass in Ireland, has
 just published an elaborate argument
 entitled “The unity of the Human
 Race proved to be the drctrine of
 Scripture, Reason and Science.” The
 reader may charitably suppose that the
 Slaveholding Dr. has profited by Mr
 Douglass’s tuition, and his experience
 in Ireland, and emancipated his slaves;
 and that having repented of the sin of
 degrading men into brutes, he boldly
 preaches the gospel of equal brother
 hood to his slaveholding partners in
 sin, calling them to love their neighbor
 and break every yoke and prove their
 love to God, by their 10-ve to their
 brethren Not so. We presume, as
 we have no evidence of his repentance
 or reform, that Dr. Smyth remains a
 slaveholder It go, he still practically
 gives the lie to the teachings of Moses,
 the prophets and Jesus Christ, and
 “out of his own mouth he is con
 demned.” He is moved to his work,
 not by love for man, but reverence for
 the Bible; not to protect him from out
 rage and desecration, but to preserve
 that from doubt; not to check violence
 and oppression and war, but to stem
 the increase of “infidel” science. It
 brings him no grief to. see immortal
 souls brutalized, the holiest union of
 life torn asunder, the fairest creature
 of an infinitely wise and good Creator,
 deformed into a monster, or sunk to
 stolid idiocy; no, he can join in the
 horrible sacrilege, and defend it as ac
 ceptable service to God; but his right
 eous soul is vexed that the expounders
 of the wonders of nature cast doubt
 either upon the text or the ancient in
 terpretation thereof, and he overflows
 with zeal to vindicate the integrity of
 the Scriptures. To what end? That
 they shall be made to redeem man
 from slavery and war, and the world
 from sin? Or that they shall continue i
 to furnish a bulwark to legalized and
 popular crime? Let his life give an- l
 swer.
But whatever his motive, his argu
 ment falls with its full weight upon his
 own head. At the bar of conscience
 and the world he stands convicted, by
 his own pleading, of infidelity to the
 Scriptures and to God, in his daily
 practical denial of the human brother
 hood. Well might the learned natu
 ralists whom he arraigns for irrever
 ence to the Scriptures reply, “Thou
 hypocrite? Doth not the same revela
 tion which declares ‘God hath made
 ail nations of one blood,’ also command
 ‘Love thy neighbor as thyself?’ Dost
 thou appeal to Moses! Then like Mo-
 on this fiftieth year of the century,
 proclaim a Jubilee of‘liberty through
 out all the land unto all the inhabitants
 thereof.* Believest thou in the pro
 phets? Like them go thou into the
 oalaces of the oppressor, and ‘cry
 aloud,’ commanding to ‘break every
 yoke.’ Art thou a disciple of Christ?
 Follow him in preaching deliverance
 to the captive, in saving the lost and
 healing the sick; receive the poorest
 slave as Jesus himself, for ‘inasmuch
 as ye do it to one of the least of these,
 ye do it unto’him. Dost thou revere
 the Apostles? Heed their counsels,
 and render ‘justice and equality’ to
 thy servants. Dost thou defend the
 Bible and the oneness of the human
 race? Obey the Bible, and treat man
 as thy brother. Pluck the beam of in
 justice from thy own eye, ere thou
 seekest for the mote of error in ours.”
 To answer such a reply, we suspect,
 would give Dr. Smyth a severer task
 than that he has attempted.
Opinion Abroad—Of the Benton
 and Foot fracas in the Senate, the
 London Standard, an able and judi
 cious journal says:—
When we compare so frightful an
 exhibition as this to any of the al
 tercations in the British Senate, we
 feel that we have a right to be proud
 of the exercise of public opinion on the
 conduct of our parliamentary represen
 atives,
TERMS
At an adjourned meeting of the Ves
 try of St. *1 homas P. E. Church, held
 Monday evening, June 3d, 1850, the
 following Preamble and Resolutions,
 reported by a Committee previously
 appointed, were accented and unani
 mously adopted. The said Committee
 was also authorized to publish Sie
 same in such papers as they might see
 proper to select.
 Whereas, The Minister, Church
 W ardens, and V estrymen of St.
 Thomas’ P. E. Church did send in a
 petition to the Episcopal Convention
 of tho Diocese of Pennsylvania, sit
 ting in Philadelphia, May, 1849, pray
 ing said Convention to repeal the Bth
 revised regulation, which prohibit
 the aforesaid church from being reps
 resented by delegation, having been
 under the superintendence of the Bish
 op of the Diocese upwards of fifty-five
 years, and having conformed to the
 doctrines, discipline and worship o
 the Episcopal Church during the pe*
 riod above mentioned; and whereas,
 the said petition was referred to i
 committee of five gentlemen to report
 to the Convention to be held in St.
 Andrew’s Church, in 1850; and
 whereas, a majority of the committee
 not only reported adversely to the
 prayer of the petitioners, but betrayed
 a spirit very unbecoming professing
 Christians, announcing in their report
 that our ‘color, physical and social
 CONDITION AND EDUCATION RENDERED
 US ENTIRELY UNFIT TO SIT IN DELIBER
 ATIVE bodies;” and whereas we are
 not surprised at the final result, yet
 we confess that we are perfectly as
 tounded to find that it was thought ne
 cessary, in so solemn an assembly, in
 order to reach the result to conde
 scend to appeal to those unrighteous
 prejudices unknown in the constitution
 of the Church, the Book of Common
 Prayer, and utterly at variance with
 all the principles precepts, and doc
 trines, as laid down by the great Head
 of the Church:
 Therefore, Resolved, That if we were
 heretofore dextrous of beiog admitted
 into union with the Convention, we
 are not now, nor can we hereafter be,
 (with due respect to ourselves and to
 posterity)
 social condition and education” con
 tinue to be the test of admission or
 rejection
Resolved, That in the opinion of
 this vestry, the expressions that were
 used by some of the members of the
 Convention should be kept from the
 heathen, lest the gospel should fail to
 have its salutary effect upon their minds,
 they instinctively rejecting the mes
 sage at the hands of those who justify
 complexional distinctions in the Church
 of Christ.
Resolved, That expediency is no plea
 against the violation of the great prin
 ciples of charity, mercy, justice and
 truth.
Resolved, That the consoling con
 sideration offered, by reminding us
 that the rejection could not debar us
 from communing with the spirit, did
 not, in our humble opinion, come with
 very good grace, after having been
 told, in terms not to be misunderstood,
 that we were “entirely unfit” to hold
 visible fellowship with a delegated
 counsel of that body, who defines the
 Church to be a “visible body or
 faithful men,” &amp;.C., whose high mis
 sion on earth is fulfilled only so far
 as she is a co-worker with the spirit.
 Resolved, That the thanks of this
 vestry be, and are hereby tendered to
 that portion of the Convention who
 endorsed by their votes the minority
 report, which developesthe true Cath
 olic spirit, beautifully harmonizing
 with all that is pure, holy and elevating
 in the Christian system.
 James Needham,
 Clayton Miller,
 J. C. Bowers, Comm
 J. L. Hart, and
 Franklin Turner,
Last of the Slaves in New Eng
 land. The New Hampshire papers
 record the death at Hanover, of Mrs.
 Jane Wentworth, a colored woman, at
 the age of three score and ten. Grad
 uates at Dartmouth will recollect her
 as Aunt Jenny, the wash-woman, and
 nurse in sickness. Her parents were
 slaves, kidnapped when very young,
 and came by inheritance in possession
 of the family of Mrs. House of Han
 over. They were subsequently sold to
 a gentleman in Salem, N. H., where
 they remained until they were emanci
 pated by the laws of the State. Jenny
 was born in Hanover, in 1777, was
 sold with her parents, and upon be
 coming free, she married Charles
 Wentworth, a slave ofGovernor Went
 worth, They then removed to Hanover
 —where they lived till their death.
 Jenny outlived her husband several
 years—and was one of the last of the
 African race who in our early history
 were held in bondage in New Eng
 land.
VOL. 111. NO. 26.
expression of sentiments
From the vestry of St. Thomas P. E.
 Church, in relation to the action of
 the Episcopal ConvenUon of the dio
 cese of Pennsylvania, on the majority
 report of a Committee to whom was
 referred a certain petition from the
 aforesaid Church,respectfully asking
 a repeal ot the eighth revised regula
 tion.
Resolved, as the sense of this ves-=
 try,,That the members of St. Thomas’
 Church have common understanding,
 and know how to appreciate virtue,
 honesty and industry, as well as other
 people, let their complexion be what it
 may.
RIGHT IS OF NO SEX; TRUTH IS OF NO COLOR;
DESTROYED GARRISONISM, HAVE
Among the great benefits resulting
 from the organization of the Free Soil
 party, we rank the influence it has
 had in bringing to a due standard of
 moderation the views of so many
 Northern Abolitionists. That this has
 been achieved, is plain enough. Com
 pare the spirit manifested at the Taber
 _nacle on Tuesday morning with what
 it has been in times past. We regard
 that meeting as the final struggle of the
 ultra or Garrison party. In it they
 were worsted, alike by public opinion,
 and then* own foiiy. The whole coun
 try is agitatiug upon the question as it
 never has been before; the long strife
 in Congress has reached its crisis; and
 all eyes are turned upon this great dis
 play of ultra Abolition strength. It
 shared for a moment with Congress
 the attention of the people; even the
 mercbers of that body might be sup
 posed to feel its influence in that de
 cision. What came of it all? Their
great anniversary was a failure, not
 even important enough to be abused.
 As if blinded for their own destruction,
 they did not even play their own best
 cards. Wendell Phillips, the gentle
 man, the scholar, the fearless orator,
 the only redeeming man of the party,
 who shines among his company like a
 pearl on a dunghill, sat in inglorious
 silence, and the time was occupied in
 stupid discussion on negro physiology,
 and the empty jabber of some half
 taught negroes, cowering all the while
 beneath a bully’s fist.
 So spoke the Brooklyn Freeman, on
 the 9th inst.
 So reason madmen. No doubt the
 Webseter’s, and Clay’s, and Foote’s,
 and slave-holders, North and South,
think the Garrison meeting at the
 Tabernacle, was a failure. They in
 tended to make it a failure, if they
 washed their hands in the blood of the
 peaceable men and women that assem
 bled there. Yes, mad-men may regard
 that “meeting as the final struggle of
 the ultra Garrison party.”
 Now, we are not technically of the
 Garrison party, nevertheless .we will
 say that that Anniversary, instead of
 being a failure, was the beginning, in
 our opinian, of a glorious triumph. The
 infidel and blasphemous parties of this
 country, can produce no moral failure,
 by the interposition of of a drunken
 mob. The physical arms of lawless
 **i Warns, under tlvo gf*rtd**rvce rrp tv
 Christless Church and a ruined State,
 may not, and cannot, crush the moral
 power of he country. On the contra
 ry, as the history of the world has
 proved, as the history of this cause has
 proved, it does but give vigor to the
 power it intended to dsstroy.
 Garrison preached a more effectual
 iesson at the Tabernacle—he has writ-
ten out a more truthful ana godly ser
 mon upon the literature of the country
 -—than the orthodox of the schools
 ever thought of. He did, indeed, prove
 himself the real Christian, the true dis
 i ciple, and showed his persecutors to be
 the infidels and blasphemers of the
 truth, and the God of truth. That
 sermon will live, and gather fruit, and
 triumph over the Pharisaical, impious,
 and infidel instructions of the schoools,
 until a better day dawns upon hu
 manity.
 The parties have made a desperate
 onset upon God and humanity since
 Congress assembled. Their energies
 have all been gathared, and propelled
 with concentrated force, against the
 friends of truth and righteousness—but
 they may as well hope to dethrone the
 Almighty, as to break the power of his
 faithful followers. They have got to
 ltarn that “truth crushed to earth will
 rise again.” But that day is passed in
 this country. Truth cannot even be
 crushed here. In Europe, it may be
 pressed down by power, but here, it
 rises by the pressure upon it.
 We love Garrison, and Douglass,
 and Phillips, the better for their perse
 cutions.—Liberty Party Paper.
IMPRISONMENT OF A BRITISH
 SUBJECT.
In the police intelligepce, which
 will be found reported in our paper
 of our, will be found the case of Isaac
 Bowers, a colored man, a native of
 Antigua, and, of course, a British sub
 ject, who has recently suffered an im
 prisonment of two months, in the goal
 of Charleston, South Carolina, for no
 criminal offence or misdemeanor com
 mitted by him, but solely on the ground
 of his color. He does not appear tc
 have landed at the port of that city, but
 was taken boldly and by force out of the
 British bark, Mary Jinn from under
 the protection of the British flag; and
 contrary to our treaties with the United
 States, and the amity of nations, was
 deprived of his personal liberty, and
 subjected to the restraints and disci
 pline of a prison. Isaac Bowers is
 admitted to be a most respectable man,
 but, if we may judge from the answer
 of Lord Palmerston to the question o'"
 Mr. Cockburn, in relation to his case,
 he is not likely to obtain any redress
 for the indignity and injury he has suf
 fered at the hands of the American au
 tohrities. Now we do not intend that
 this case shall pass over so lightly;, it
 is too important to be shuffled out of
 sight, to suit the convenience of any
 parties; and the question must receive
 a definite answer, whether the colored
 population belonging to this country
 and its various dependencies are to be
 treated as felons and slaves in any ports
 dlhhe United States; and whether the
 British Government is unable or un
 willing to protect them, when going
ROCHESTER, N. Y., THURSDAY JUNE 20, 1850.
THEY’
Mr. Rusk replied at considerable
 length in defence of the title of Texas
 to the Rio Grande. The debate was
 continued (no new point of interest be
 ing disclosed, by Messrs. Hale, Davis,
 (of Mass.) and Douglas.
 Mr. Davis, of Miss., supported Mr.
 Clemens’ amendment in a speech of
 some length,and with much vehemence,
 insisting that the title of Texas to the
 Rio Grande is indisputable, and ex
 pressing his unqualified dissent from
 any proposition which shall eventually
 give to Free Soil any portion of terri
 tory belonging so clearly to the South
 Mr. Foote said he would not himself
 vote for the Committee’s proposition
 for the settlement of the boundary of
 Texas, if he was not satisfied that it
 would not result in making Free Soil,
E thither on their lawful business? It
 may not be known to some of our read
 ers, that, had the captain of the Mary
 Jinn chosen to have left Isaac Bowers
 in prison, or have refused to pay the
 expenses incurred by his detention
 there, he would have been sold to pay
 the goal fees, and would now be a slave
 13 probably on some Southern plantation.
 The Committee of the Anti-slavery
 r Society have long had the laws and po
 lt lice regulations of the slave States, af
 d fecting colored people, under their
 e consideration, and heve frequently
 r sought the aid of f h Y; ’rnrpent forj
 the protection ot them, vnen injured j
 by their application. Some years since
 lt two British subjects from the Bahamas
 were seized and cast into prison in one
 of the slave States, on the ground of
 their color. By a mere accident it was
 1 discovered that, being unable to pay
 8 the goal fees, they were sold as slaves.
 3 In that case the Government made a
 demand on the United States, and one
 of them was ultimately discovered and
 r restored to his freedom; the other
 could not be found, and most probably
 died under the merciless treatment he
 received. It is not improbsble that at
 1 this very time there are many British l
 colored subjects in slavery, in the Uni- I
 ted States, and that more will have to I
 endure the same hard fate, unless the
 L Government be urged to do its duty, i
 1 A case similar to the one now under 1
 consideration was fully brought under
 the attention of Lord Aberdeen, when t
 Foreign Minister; and from the corres
 pondence whidh ensued, it was under
 stood that, in future, the personal free- c
 dom of ,all British subjects, without dis- j
 Unction of color, .would be respected in c
 American, ports. The case of
 ftaac Bowers, however, shows that we t
 were mistaken; and we now call upon s
 every portion of the British press and a
 the British public, to demand from the
 Government that measures be imme
 diately taken to.prevent such outrages
 on our fellow-subjects for the future. n
 We call also on the entire body of col- l&lt;
 ored persons in the emancipated col
 onies and in England, to make a spe- U
 cial effort to obtain their rights in this a
 particular. We advise them, without
 d&lt;siay, to call public meetings, to col
 lect facts, and to memorialize the gov-
 ernment on this important point; nor to
 desist, until the Foreign Ministers shall
 do them justice, and extend an equal Cl
 protection to them with that enjoyed by 111
 their white fellow-subjects.— Jhiti-Sla- T
 Very Itiponer. it
Thirty-first Congress-First Session.
We copy the following report of the
 proceedings of Congress from the New
 York Tribune:
Washington. June 7.
 The Senate met at II o’clock; hardly
 a quorum present.
Mr. Mason presented a memorial
 from Mr. Ritchie, asking to be released
 from the contract for Public Printing.
 It was referred to the Committee on
 Printing.
Mr. King asked to be excused from
 the further service on the Committee
 of Investigation into the Benton and
 Foote rencontre. He stated that it is
 supposed by a party interested in the
 investigation, that he is biased in rela
 tion to the matter, and he felt that he.
 could not serve on the committee con
 sistently with self-respect. [The dif
 ference is understood to be between
 Mr. King and Mr. Benton.
 The motion to excuse was adopted.
 After the transaction of the morning
 business, the Senate, in Committee of
 the Whole, resumed the consideration
 of the “Omnibus Bill.”
Mr. Clemens moved to amend the
 section fixing the boundaries of Texas
 so as to conform those boundaries as
 settled by the Law of Limits passed by
 the Texan Congress in 1848; also,
 providing for the setting apart, for the
 use of the Indians, all of the territory
 north of latitude 34 deg; the Indians to
 be collected and removed thereto at the
 expense of the United States.
Mr. Clay addressed the Senate,
 avoiding the question of title of Texas,
 but discussing the importance of the
 amendment in its bearing and influence
 upon the general question. In consid
 eration of the many differences of
 opinion in regard to the title of Texas,
 this wa3 pre-eminently a subject of
 compromise. The compromise pro
 posed by the committee, he believed to
 be one which ought to command the
 approval of both sections. Southern
 gentlemen in particular, in view of the
 doubts thrown upon the title of Texas,
 ought to give it a hearty assent. He
 called upon Southern Senators not to
 insist upon their assertion of the un
 doubted title of Texas, and predicted
 that if-the question should ever be sub
 mitted to the decision of the Supreme
 Court, they would decide against the
 claim of Texas.
G OD IS THE FATHER OF US ALL; AND ALL MEN ARE BRETHREN-
and intimated an amendment removing
 all doubt from this point.
 After further debate by Messrs. Cass,
 Berrien, Butler, and Mason,
 Mr. ebster said he did not desire
 to see great political questions referred
 to the Judiciary of the country. He
 thought it much better to settle such
 questions by compromise, yet he saw
 no difficulty in bringing this question of
 the title of Texas to the Supreme Court
 ot the United States. The question
 was one between the United States and
 the State of Texas; and he proceeded
 to show, by argument, that the case
 might be easily and rc 6 marly brought)
 before that tribunal.
Mr. Mason desired to enter his dis
 sent to the proposition, that any case
 could arise in which the United States
 could be one party in a suit and a State
 in another.
Mr. Hale moved that when the Sen
 ate adjourn, it should be to Monday
 next. It was very evident that the
 Senate could not get through with the
 amendments to the bill to-morrow.
Mr. Clay suggested that the motion
 was not in order while the bill was un
 der consideration; and the friends of
 the bill generally insisted upon sitting
 to-morrow, for the purpose of getting
 the final vote, if possible.
 The vote was then taken upon the
 amendment of Mr. Clemens, and it
 was rejected—yeas 17, nays 37.
 Mr. Hale moved a postponement of
 the bill until Monday.
 Mr. Clay opposed.
 Mr. Benton intimated his intention
 on Monday to move the indefinite post
 ponement of the further consideration
 of the bilk
The Senate then refused to postpone
 the bill till Monday; but made it the
 special order for to-morrow; and after
 an Executive session, adjourned.
 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
After unimportant preliminary busi
 ness, an ineffectual attempt was made
 to take up private bills.
 The House went into Committee of
 the Whole on the state of the Union,
 and resumed the consideration of the
 California question.
 Messrs. Hubbard, Richardson and
 Williams gave notice of amendments
 they will offer.
Mr. Caldwell, of Kentucky, pro
 ceeded to show that the anti-slavery
 movement was for the purpose of ac
 quiring political power. He was wil
 ling to admit California in connection
 with territorial governments for Utah
 and New Mexico, but not without.
 He planted himself on the Democratic
 platform of non-intervention to slavery.
 Mr. Root declared the people of the
 North all one way on the slavery ques
 tion, and there would never be dough
 facery here if they were honestly rep
 resented it was glory more than enough
 that the Wilmot Proviso had made Cal
 ifornia glorious as a new State.
 Mr. Johnson of Arkansas, advocated
 the Missouri Compromise, and pressed
 the necessity of all Southern men com
 bining to oppose the organization of the
 North against Southern rights. (Forty
 members present, and two persons only
 in the galleries.)
 Mr. Duncan was in favor of the ad
 mission of California, and territorial
 Governments for Nd’w Mexico and
 Utah, excluding slavery, and a proper
 settlement of the boundary between
 New Mexico and Texas. He was also
 in fa .or of the abolition of slavery in
 the District of Columbia.
Mr. Duer gave notice of an amend
 ment, almost in the words of the com
 promise of the Senate. He was aware
 of the strong objections to it, but there
 was necessity for action of some sort,
 and this was less objectionable than
 some other propositions. He reserved
 the right to offer or not to offer it, be
 ing governed by circumstances.
 The committee rose and the House
 took a recess till 8 o’clock.
At a quarter past 8, the consideration
 of the California question was resumed.
 Mr. Jackson, of Ga., advocated the
 Missouri Compromise Line, arguing
 that all the Southern States can be pro
 fitably cultivated South of 36 deg. 30
 min. He warmly defended the South.
 Mr. Durkee viewed the great con
 troversy as a glorious war between
 truth and error, between liberty and
 despotism,and zealously argued against
 slavery, fondly anticipating the ultimate
 triumph of general freedom.
 Mr. Phelps obtained the floor, when
 a motion was made that the Committee
 rise.
No quorum voted.
At half-past ten there were thirty
 one members present. The rules be
 ing imperative, that the Committee, on
 finding itself without a quorum, the
 roll shall be called, and absentees re
 ported to the House, the members
 warned to set the rule aside, but did not
 succeed, as several wanted to make
 speeches.
 The roll was called, the Committee
 rose, and the names of absentees re
 ported.
 At ten minutes to eleven, the House
 adjourned.
Washington, June 8
Senate.— Mr. Benton’s resolutions,
 instructing the Committee on Finance
 to inquire into the expediency of re
 funding to California the moneys col
 lected from her citizens as duties on
 imports, was passed.
 After the consideration of the morn
 ing business, the Senate took up
THE OMNIBUS BILL.
The questien pending was upon an
 amendment moved by Mr. Foote, fix
 ing the Northern boundary to be pro
 posed to Texas at the thirty-fourth de-
WHOLE NO. 180.
gree of North latitude; also, providing
 that nothing in the bill shall be con
 strued as impairing the right of Texas
 to all the territory claimed by her; pro
 vided she shall fail to accept the terms
 proposed for the settlement of her
 boundaries.
 A long and ununinteresting debate
 ensued upon this amendment, in the
 course of which various propositions
 were suggested and disposed of. Fi
 nally, however, Mr. Foote’s amend
 ment was withdrawn, and
 Mr. Douglass moved to amend the
 section under consideration, so as to
 fix the Northern boundary of Texas as
 follows: Run a line, drawn due East
 from the Rio -Grande, from the South
 end of the junction of the Dead to the
 Red River, also fixing the dividing
 ridge of the mountains separating the
 waters of the Rio Grande and the Gila,
 as the Western boundary of Texas.
 Mr. Davis, (Loco) of Miss., here
 addressed the Senate in opposition to
 the entire proposition for settling the
 boundary of Texas by any of the modes
 proposed. Where did the United States
 get the power to purchase the territory
 and where did Texas derive the au
 thority to sell? He contended that the
 thing was wrong; and the result of the
 pending propositions, if agreed to,
 would only be to rob the South of a
 large portion of territory, unquestion
 ably belonging to and suited for slave
 territory.
 These remarks drew out a repetition
 of former discussions upon the necessity
 and propriety of compromising the
 questions in agitation, in the cousre of
 which Mr. Foote triumphantly an
 nounced the defeat, death, burial and
 extermination of Free Soilism, and pre
 dicted the speedy settlement of all the
 controverted questions of the day, and
 the overthrow an destruction of dema
 gogues by thousands.
Mr. Hale, (Free Soiler,) of N. H.,
 responded in a tone of pungent irony,
 expressing his sincere thanks to Mr.
 Foote, for having come out fairly and
 squarely and declared that he would
 not go tor this measure if he supposed
 it would add a foot of Free Soil.
Mr. Dawson, (Whig,) of Georgia,
 went into a castigation of Mr. Hale,
 intimating that he had mounted the free
 soil hobby for interested purposes, and
 reading from a letter, published several
 years ago, by Rev. Mr.
 paper called ihe “Star,” for the pur
 pose or snowing that Mr. Hale, at that
 time, took decided ground against abo
 litionism. The letter states that Mr.
 Hale, at the close of an address by
 Mr. Storer, arose and denounced abo
 litionism in no measured t* rms, as well
 as declared the black s to be beasts in
 human form, unfit to live free. He
 also read an extract from the Dover
 (N. H.) Gazette which, he intimated,
 was then under the control of Mr. Hale,
 in which, also, the abolitionists are
 handled with much severity, and an
 abolition lecturer, named Thompson,
 is threatened with a law found inside of
 pine, and outside of geese, or, in other
 terms, a coat of tar and feathers. Mr.
 Dawson thought the position taken by
 Mr. Hale at that time, honorable, cred
 itable, and worthy the good heart
 which he knew he possessed. He only
 alluded to this history now for the pur
 pose of suggesting- to the Senator, that
 having once held such views, and
 changed his own sentiments, he should
 have more consideration and charity
 for those who then thought with him,
 and whose views had not changed.
 Mr. Hale admitted the general ac
 curacy of the statement made by Rev.
 Mr. Storer, and that within fifteen
 years his sentiments had changed, and
 proceeded to defend himself with con
 siderable force against the aspersions
 upen his course
Washington, June 10,
Mr. Webster presented a memorial
 of citizens of Boston, praying that
 Professor Johnson may be authorized
 to make further exploration, under the
 direction ot the Government, of the
 coal regions of the country, which he
 supported with a few remarks.
The bill to promote the progress of
 the useful arts was taken up, and made
 a special order for half-past 11 o’clock
 to-morrow.
[Mr. Clay, who had been indisposed,
 here entered the Senate, his health
 having much improved]
 After the consideration of morning
 business, the Senate took up the “Om
 nibus Bill.”
Mr. Hale having the floor with
 drew in favor of Mr. Benton, who he
 said desired to address the Senate to
 day.
[Mr. Clay expressed the hope that
 Mr. Benton would postpone making
 the motion which he had intimated, un
 til the vote should have been taken on
 the amendments proposed to the bill.]
 Mr. Benton intimated that there was
 no disposition to take any vote, that fur
 ther discussion upon amendments was
 only to add to the waste of time all
 ready accomplished in the considera
 tion of the bill; and expressed his
 readiness to withdraw, whenever the
 Senate should be ready to take a vote.
 He then moved the further considera
 tion of the bill be*postponed until the
 4th of March, in the year of our Lord
 1854, and proceeded to address the
 Senate in support of the motion, but
 in so low a tone for some time, as to
 be inaudible in the gallery. After
 some sarcastic and amusiug observe-!
 tions in relation to the appointment of
 the Committee of Thirteen and their
 operations, he said California was
 made the scape-goat of all the sins of
 Slavery; innocent of it herself, their
 sins were all heaped upon her head.
He gave an account of the proceed
 ings among the Jews, in sacrificing a
 goat for the expration of the sins of
 Israel, for the purpose of showing the
 analogy between the ceremony and
 the action of the Committee of Thirteen.
 One of the reasons given for the con
 junction of the several measures, was
 the speed with which she was to come
 in. The argument had been fully an
 swered by the lapse of time.—Another
 argument was the danger of such op
 position to the admission of Calif inia,
 as a separate measure altogether.
 That resolution had been abandoned
 by those who advocated it. California
 was made a mere hand-maid of the
 Territories, to be used for this pur
 pose. Three months ago he and Mr.
 Clay stood together in favor of the in
 dependent admission of California.
 The Senator from Kentucky left him
 as he had a right to do, and he had re
 fused to follow, as he had a right to
 retuse; but Mr. Clay had no right to
 call upon those who chose otherwise,
 to follow the path which he had taken.
 He did not admit that the Territories
 were the supreme objects of considera
 ion; he admitted that they were ob
 ects demanding the attention of Con
 gress, he felt that the neglect which
 they had experienced was a shame and
 reproach to Congress, but they were
 not the superior objects, and entitled
 to the first consideration. California
 occupied that position, having pre
 pared herself for immediate action,
 and presented herself for admission in
 to the family of States. The pica was,
 that by this bill, California and the
 territories were to be carried through
 together, but suppose they should
 be defeated together? Suppose Cali
 fornia, to whom there was little or no
 objection, should be dragged down
 with measures to which there was much
 demurring, where would be her reme
 dy, and what the reasonable excuse
 for submitting her to such a fate?
 Why should the friends of California
 be compelled either to vote against
 her admission, or to take with her and
 vote for measures which they honestly
 believe to be injurious, and which they
 cannot therefore vote for, and fiulfil
 ihe obligations they had assumed?
 He proceeded to consider the several
 bills reported by the Compromise Com
 mittee exposing their various objec
 tions and incongruities. He dwelt at
 much iength upon that portion of the
 California hill proposing to define the
 boundaries of Texas and New Mexico,
 describing the geograghy of the coun
 try, and contending that the boundaries
 suggested are unnatural and inexpedi
 ent. Having disposed of this branch
 of the subject, he proceeded at great
 length with a general examination of
 the scheme presented as a Compro
 mise—convulsing the chamber with
 laughter at his droll analogies and il
 lustrations, and attacking the matter in
 a strain of biting sarcasm and irresisti
 ble irony, \	Uiich he applied equally,
 and with no measured hand, to the
 originators of the scheme, its advo
 cates and supporters. In conclusion,
 he observed that it was time to end
 this “comedy of errors.”—California
 was suffering for admission, and the
 Territories for protection; with a view
 to that end he had made the motion to
Mr. Hale addressed the Senate in re
 ply to the personal attack made upon
 him by Mr. Dawson, on Saturday last
 for the. purpose ot vindicating himself
 from the charge of having, from cor
 rupt motives, mounted a hobby to ride
 into power. He gave a history of his
 political course, showing that at the
 time he separated from the Democratic
 party, with whom he stood as well as
 any man, that party was largely in the
 majority in New Hampshire. As for
 ambition for the future, we had only to
 say, that it was well known among his
 triends, that Jit was very far from his
 intention even to serve out the brief
 term for which he had been elected to
 the Senate.
After a brief reply by Mr. Dawson,
 and a rejoinder from Mr. Hale, Mr-
 Cass took the floor, and the Senate
 adjourned.
PANORAMA OF SLAVERY.
We hail every effort to spread in
 formation on the subject of slavery
 with satistaction, whether it come in
 the shape of public meetings, lectures,
 or pictorial representations; and there
 fore we earnestly invite those unac
 quainted with its details, or anxious to
 have their feelings of detestation deep
 ened against the horrid institution, to
 an inspection of the moving panorama
 of American Slavery, now exhibiting
 at the Royal Victoria Hall, Leicester-
 Square. The hours of exhibition are
 three in the afternoon and half-past
 seven o’clock in the evening. The
 panorama opens with a scene on the
 African coast, and then follow a series
 of paintings embracing the great out
 lines of slavery in the United States,
 and the escape of slaves into Canada!
 The Rev. Mr. Irwin, the proprietor,
 comes highly recommended to us as a
 Christian and an abolitionist, who, dur
 ing twelve years’ residence in the slave
 States, became thoroughly acquainted
 with the system of slavery, and the
 sufferings and degradation of the slave.
 He accompanies the panorama with il
 lustrative remarks, having himself per
 sonally witnessed the events each de
 partment of the panorama is intended
 to represent, with the exception only of
 the African scene. We are satisfied
 thet the great object which Mr. Irwin
 has in view is not profit, but the diffu
 sion of information on the subject of
 American slavery, and that he deserves
 the patronage and support of every
 British abolitionist. Many will be in
 town during the anniversary meetings;
 end not one of them, we trust, will fail
 to visit this panorama, and to recom
 mend others to follow the example.
 An hour spent in this way, we are per
 suaded, will not be regretted.— A. S.
 Reporter.
Manumitted Slaves.— Mr. Timo
 thy Rodgers, of Bedford county, Va.,
 who died recently, by his will emanci
 pated bis slaves, about thirty, on con
 dition that the American Colonization
 Society shall send them to Africa
 The society made a public call for aid
 and stated that if SIBOO is contributed’
 the slaves should be sent to their des
 tmation; where on their arrival, they
 will he liberally provided for, under the
 provisions of the will. This sum has
 been subscribed in Nejv York city,
 and. the slaves will go to Liberia re
 joicing,
"
