"From the Rochester Democrat.
Daniel Webster and Horace Maun.
The Hon. Horace Mann has replied ai
 great length to the Newburyport letter of Mr
 Webster, which we published some da)*
 since. Mr. W. took occasion to refer rathei
 contemptuously to Mr. Mann, for which tie
 latter returns some pretty hard hits. It space
 permitted, we would give the whole of Mr.
 Mann's letter, but as it is we can publish only
 the following:
 ‘I have seen a publication by Mr. Horace
 Mann, a member of Congress from Massa
 chusetts, in which I find this sentence.
 Speaking of the bill before the House, he
 says: ‘‘This bill derides the trial by Jury
 secured by the Constitution. A man maj
 not lose his horse without a right to this trial
 but he may lose his freedom, Mr. Webster
 speaks for the South and Slavery, not tor
 the North and for Freedom, when he aban
 dons this right.” This personal vituperation
 does not annoy me, but I lament to see a
 public man of Massachusetts so crude and
 confused in his legal apprehensions, and so
 little acquainted with the Constitution of his
 country as these opinions evince Mr. Mann
 to be. His citation of a supposed case, as in
 point, if it have any analogy to the matter,
 would prove that, if Mr. Mann’s horse stray
 into his neighbors field, he cannot lead him
 back without a previous trial by Jury to as
 certain the right. Truly, if what Mr. Mann
 ■ays of the provisions of the Constitution in
 this publication be a test of his accuracy in
 the understanding of that instrument, he
 would to well not to seek to protect his pe
 culiar notions under its sanction, but to ap
 peal at once, as others do, to that higher au
 thoiity which sits emhtoned above the Con
 stitution and above the law.’
 On this Mr. M. thus comments:
Mr. Webster ‘‘laments to see a public man
 of Massachusetts so crude and confused in
 his legal apprehensions, and so little acquaint
 ed with the Constitution of h's country as
 these opinions evince Mr. Mann to be.”
 Yet he points out no error of opinion. He
 specifies nothing as unusual. He presents
 no information, indictment, bill of particulars,
 or even the “common counts.” Judgment
 and condemnation alone appear. He seems
 to have taken it for granted that he had only
 to say I was guilty, and then proceed to pun
 ish. I protest against and impugn tnis
 method of proceeding, by any man, however
 high, against any man, however humble.
 When Mr. Webster penned his “lamenta
 tions” over my crudeness, confusion and ig
 norance, he doubtless meant to deal me a
 mortal blow. The blow was certainly heavy;
 but the question still remains whether it hit.
 Polyphemus struck hard blows, but his
 blindness left the objects of bis passion un
 harmed.
But wherein do these erroneous “opinions”
 consist, which Mr. Webster does not deign
 to specify, but assumes to condemn! Fortu
 nately, in writing the sentences which he
 quotes for animadversion, 1 followed the pre
 cise meaning of Judge Stoty, as laid down n
 his Commentaries; and in regard to the only
 point which is open to a question, I look the
 exact words of that great Jurist. He speaks
 of “the right of a trial by Jury, in civil ca
 ses,” as an existing right before the seventh
 article of the amendment to the Constitution,
 which preserves this right “in suits of com
 mon law,” had been adopted. 3 Comm. 628.
 Instead of transcribing Judge Stoiy’s words,
 “in civil cases,” which present no distinct
 image to common minds, I supposed the eve
 ry day case of a litigation respecting a horse,
 which is a “civil case;” and this difference of
 fotm is the only difference between my lan
 guage and that of the learned Judge. I can
 wish Mr. W. no more fitting retribution, af
 ter reposing from this ill tempeied attack up
 on roe, than to awake and find that it was
 Judge Story whom he had maligned.
 Ttiir thp onininn expressed by me on this
point, does not need tne autfiuniy ol any itaiinr
 to support it; and the illustration which I
 give is not only intelligible to every sensible
 man, but is also apposite. I said “a man
 may not lose his horse [his property in a
 horse] without a right to this trial.” Mr.
 Webster’s comment is, that this case, “if it
 have any analogy to the matter.” means,
 that if a man’s horse “stray into his neighbor’s
 field, he cannot lead him back without a previ
 ous trial by jury to ascertain the right.”
 Was ever the plain meaning of a sentence
 more exactly changed about end for end!
 Mr. Webster may pitch summcrsetts with
 his own doctrines, but he has no right to
 pitch them with mine. I said a man may
 not lose his horse, or his property in a horse,
 without aright to the trial by Jury. He
 says I said, a man cannot find or retake a
 lost horse, without a previous trial? Dulec
 est desipere loco. Or it is pleasant to see
 a grave Senator play upon words, but there
 must be wit to redeem it from puerijity.
 But the childishness of this criticism is
 not its worst feature. What is the great
 truth which Mr. Webster and his apologists
 attempt here to ridicule? It is that while
 every man amongst us, in regard to any
 piece of property worth more than S2O, of
 which violence or fraud may attempt to de
 spoil him, has a right to a trial by Jury, yet
 a man’s freedom, and that of his posterity
 forever, may be wrested from him, as our
 law now stands, without such a trial. D ies
 not this hold a man’s freedom to be of less
 value than S2O? If. two adverse claimanls
 contest title to an alleged slave, whose mar
 ket value is more than this sum, each is enti
 tled to a jury to try the fact of ownership.
 But if the alleged slave declares that he
 owns himself, he is debarred from his right.
 And this truth, or a common illustration of it,
 Mr. Webster and his apologists think a sui
 table topic for sneers or pleasantry! A for
 eign proverb says, that for a man to kill his
 mother is not in good taste. I trust the mor
 al and religious people of Massachusetts have
 too much good taste to Telish a joke on such a
 theme.”
Mr. Mann then goes on to examine at
 length and with remarkable ability and learn
 ing, the merits of the legal and constitutional
 question of granting a trial by jury to per
 sons claimed as a fugitive slaves, arguing
 that they have every way a good right there
 to.
We quote the following paragraphs:
 “Mr. Webster advises me in a certain con
 tingency, “to appeal to ihe higher authority
 which sits enthroned above the Constitution
 and above the law;” I take no exception to
 this counsel, because of its officiousness, but
 would thank him for it. My ideas of duty
 require me to seek anxiously for the true in
 terpretation of the Constitution, and then to
 abide by it, unswayed by hope or fear. It
 the Constitution requires me to do anything
 which my sense of duty forbids, I shall save
 my conscience by resigning my office. lam
 free, however, to say, that if in the discharge
 of my political duties, I should transfer my al
 legiance to any other power, I should adopt
 Mr. Webster’s advice, and go to the power
 “which sits enthroned above,” rather than to
 descend to that opposite realm, whence the
 bill which he so coidially promised to sup
 port, must have emerged.
 Mr. Webster holds Massachusetts up to
 the ridicule of the woild, because she “grows
 fervid on Pennsylvania wrongs:” and he has
 deemed it his duty to enquire how many sei
 zures of fugiiive slaves have occurred in New
 England wiihin our time. Is this the Chris
 tian standard by which to estimate the evil of
 encroachments upon the xaost sacred rights of
 men? If I repose in contentment and indif
 ference, because my own section, or state, or
 county, is as yet but a partial sufferer, whv
 should I not continue contented and indiffer
 ent as long as I am safe? In providing for
 the liberties of the citizen, under a common
 government, I think Massachusetts worthy
 of all honor, and not of ridicule, because
 she does “grow fervid upon Pennsylvania
 wrongs,” and on the wrong of an entire race,
 whether in Pennsylvania or California, cer
 tainly within the boundaries of our own coun
 try. I see no reasorr why my sympathies as
 -a man, or the obligation of my oath as an of
 in regard to the nearer or remoter
Slates, should be inversely as the squares &lt;f
 lie distances. Even with regard to foreign
 •ountrtes. did Mr. Webster thnrk so, in those
 tetter days, when his eloquent appeal for op
 ressed and bleeding Greece roused the na
 uon like the voice of a clarion? Did Mr.
 Webster deem i necessary to make inquisi
 ians through all the New England States,
 how many Hungarian patriots there had been
 shot at the of the drum, or how many no
 ble women had been striped anJ
 whipped in their market places, before he
 bribed the heart of the nation, at the wrongs
 if Kossuth and his compatriots, and invoked
 he execrations of the world upon the Austri
 rn and Russian despots? 1 see no difference
 between these cases, which is not in favor o!
 our own interests, of our own domestic right
 except the difference of their bearings upon
 partisan politics.
Conscience and the Constitution with
Remarks on the recent Speech of the Hon. Dan
 iel Webster on the Subject of Slavery; by M.
 Stuart, lately Professor in the Theological Sem
 inary at Andover, Published by Croker St Brew
 ster, Boston.
This is a large octavo pamphlet of 120
 pages, for which we are indebted to S. M.
 Pettingill, newspaper and advertising agent.
 This work is ostensibly a zealous attempt to
 sustain the profligate course of the Great New
 England Apostate in laying himself, and at
 tempting to lay his constituents and his coun
 try, upon the altar of human Slavery. In
 truth, it is, however, an assay to overthrow
 the Bible, and God himself, by making them
 the upholders and justifiers of that greatest of
 all violations of human rights.
The introductory portion of the present
 pamphlet is mostly personal and apologetic,
 and is a singular medley of c -Asm, pedantry,
 garrullity, Greek philology, argument and
 stale anecdote. —The “ancient and venerable”
 ex-Professor evidently labors under a vague
 and rather indefinable impression of the dif
 ficulties that stand in the way of his effort.
 The certainty that the natural and moral in
 stincts of the people of New England, and
 especially of Massachusetts, are against him,
 seems to hang weightily upon his mind.
 Though he puts his sholder resolutely to tin
 wheel, yet does lie betray at every moment
 the consciousness that the load is heavier
 than that he may be able to carry it. We
 would like to present many and luminous
 extracts from this book did our limits permit.
 A more remarkable instance of the weakness
 of learning, when arrayed against common
 sense and the common sympathies of the hu
 man heart, we have never met.
 Here is a specimen of the way the learned
 Hebrew lexicographer confounds the doctrines
 of modern Abolitionists, who contend that all
 slavery is sinful and criminal. After a very
 brief consideration of the Old Testament
 teaching, he says:
 “In the name of all (hat is called reasoning
 now, in morals or religion, how is the owner
 ship of slaves which heaven has given expressed
 leave to purchase to be deemed a crime of ihe
 deepest dye—a malum in se —an offence to be
 classed wnh murder and treason? Let those
 answer this question, who decide a priori
 what the Bible ought to speak and then turn
 it over in order to see how they can make it
 speak what they wish. But there is no
 bending or twisting of Moses’s words. There
 they are, so plain that “he who runneth mav
 read.” If Abolitionists are right in their
 position, then Moses is greatly in the wrong.
 More than this; then has the God of the He
 brews sanctioned, with his express leave, the
 commission of a crime as great as that which
 he has forbidden in the sixth or seventh com
 mandment. There is no retreat from this.—
 The position of the Abolitionists plainly taxes
 high Heaven with misdemeanor, —with en
 couragement to commit one among the foulest
 of crimes.”
Such exposition as this, of the Old Testa
 ment, from an evangelical Doctor of Divinity!
 that men who know the utter
 diabolism, ot Slavery, are ready, nay, compell
 ed to reject the canonical auOw*u v n f a book
 which, they are taught, upholds the most
 atrocious wrong man can commit against his
 fellow man? Nor does the ex-Professor of
 Theology think much better of the New Tes
 tament. That, also, is proslavery.—Christ
 and the Apostles were proslavery. In fact,
 opposition to the “peculiar institution” is,
 in his judgment, little less than blasphemy,
 and nothing short of infidelity.
From the National Era.
 Origin of the Nashville Convention.
The following is a letter from Mr. Calhoun
 to Col. C. S. Tarpley of Mississippi:
 Fort Hill, July 9, 1858.
Dear Sir: lam greatly obliged to you
 for a copy of the proceedings of your [Miss
 issippi] meeting. I have read it with a great
 deal of pleasure.
 You ask me loi my opinion'as to the course
 which would be adopted by the [Mississippi]
 Slate Convention, in October next. I have
 delayed answering your letter until this time,
 that I might more fully notice the develop
 ments at the North befme I gave it. They
 arc more and more adverse to us every day.
 There has not been a single occurrence, since
 the rising of Congress, which does not indi
 cate on the pan of the North a fixed determin
 ation to push the Abolition question to the
 last extreme.
In my opinion, there is but one thing that
 holds out the promise of saving both ourselves
 and the Union; and that is a Southern Con
 vention, and that, if much longer delayed,
 cannot. It ought to have been held this fall,
 and ought not to be delayed beyond another
 year. All our movements ooght to look to
 that result.. For that purpose, every South
 ern State ought to be organized, with a Cen
 tral Committee, and one in each county.
 Ours is already. It is indispensable to pro
 duce concert and prompt action. In the
 mean time, firm and resolute resolutions ought
 to be adopted by yours and such meetings as
 may take place before the assembly of the
 Legislatures in the fall. They, when they
 meet, ought to take up the subject in the
 most solemn and impressive manner.
 The great object of a Southern Convention
 should be, to put forth in a solemn manner
 the causes of our guevances in an address to
 the other States, and to admonish them, in a
 solemn manner, as to the consequences
 .which must follow, if they should not be re
 dressed, and to take measures preparatory to
 it, in cas9 they should not be. The call
 should be addtessed to all those who are de
 sirous 10 save the Union.and our institutions,
 and who in the alternative, should it be foic
 ed on us, of submission or dissolving the
 partnership, would prefer the latter.
 No State could better take the lead in this
 great conservative movement than yours. It
 is destined to be the greatest of sufferers if
 ihe Abolitionists should succeed; and I am not
 certain but by the time our Convention meets,
 or at furthest, your Legislature, that the time
 will have come to make the call.
With great respect, I am, &amp;c.
 J. C. Calhoun.
Paine’s Light. —Sir Cha.les D. Aiehibald,
 an English gentleman, who has spent some
 days in Worcester, examining Paine’s Hydro
 Electric Light, after his return to New York,
 wrote a letter to Mr. Paine, expressing ad
 miration of his achievement in scientific in
 vestigations, and offering his services as a
 medium of bringing the discovery before the
 British public. Mr. Archibald says:
 “I will not say anything#further than I
 have already expressed, in admiration of yout
 splendid discovery, which I now comprehend.
 Everv man of right feeling must desire to
 see you reap the reward you so richly merit;
 and I beg to say that it will give me great
 pleasure if I can, in any way, promote your
 interest.
“If you feel sufficient confidence in me to
 constitute me your representative, I beg to
 issuie you that my best services will be freel\
 given.”
 Mr. Archibald is a member of the Royal
 Society, and is connected with several othei
 scientific societies.
THE NORTH STAR.
ROCHESTER, JUNE 20, 1850.
The North Star is sometimes sent to friends
 who do not take the paper, in the hope that thej
 mav see fit to subscrilie for it. Subscriptions and
 donations for the same may be safely enclosed, ad
 dressed to Frederick Douglass, Rochester,
 N.Y. v
(}C|"Wanted —Several Travelling Agents,
 to procure subscribers for the North Star. A
 liberal commission will be given. None need apply
 but such as can bring good recommendations for
 industry, accuracy and honesty. Apply to Fred
 erick Douglass, Rochester, N. Y.
Our English friends who have not paid
 their subscriptions to the North Star, for the
 year 1850, are requested to forward them, by
 Post Office Order, to Mrs. Henry Richard
 son, 5, Summerhill Grove, Newcastle-on-
 Tyne.— f. d.
Agriculture
We cannot too frequently, nor too urgently,
 direct the attention of our colored fellow
 countrymen to agricultural pursuits, as a
 means of livelihood, and final elevation to
 equality with the rest of the community.
 Situated as we are, as a people—shut out
 from nearly all profitable and respectable em
 ployments in towns and in cities, our prospeci
 would be dark indeed were we thrown en
 tirely upon menial employments for subsist
 ence. It is therefore a source of much en
 couragement to those who believe in the ad
 vancement of colored people in this country,
 that Agriculture—that employment which
 takes us into immediate co-operation with the
 arrangements of Providence, and which, ai
 the same time, removes us the farthest from
 the influence of the malign prejudice by
 which we are persecuted and oppressed—i&gt;
 still open to us, and bids us welcome to its
 manifold blessings.
 It is evident to all who refleet upon the
 condition of colored people in large cities,
 that many causes are in operation to render ii
 more and more difficult for them to gain sub
 sistence. The flood of emigration setting in
 upon our shores from the old world, and espe
 cially from Ireland, is rapidly filling our cities
 with hungry competitors in those avocation?
 upon which the colored people rely mainly
 for support. Loading and unloading ships
 piling timber in lumber yards stowing goods
 in stores, carting, hod-carrying, grooming
 horses, acting as servants, gardening all
 these, and many other occupations, are Tap
 idlv falling into the hands of the Irish, Scotch
 and Dutch emigrants to this country. Mean
 while, the avenues to all respectable trades
 are firmly closed against us. It requires but
 little philosophy to foresee that, if emigration
 continues, and the avenues to trades remain
 thus blocked up, the condition of the colored
 people in cities must change rapidly from bad
 tp/ worse, and finally become absolutely
 wretched and unendurable.
With such a prospect before us, it becomes
 us, as men, fathers, husbands and brothers, to
 provide against the evil which may be plainly
 scanned in the distance. It is cowardly and
 disgraceful, on our part, to see and acknowl.
 edge the impending ruin, and indolently to
rota out arms ann perisii wunoui a srruggler
 We must not, cannot suffer such ignominy
 While men aie imbued with prejudices, and
 inspired with hatred against us, it is consoling
 that the earth and the elements (like the
 great God that brough them into being) are
 yet impartial, and will pour their rich treas
 ures into the garners of colored industry, as
 •they do into those of the white husbandman.
 Every day’s experience does but confirm us
 in the conviction that the most feasible path
 from poverty, ignorance and degradation, is
 that of agriculture. We must become the
 tillers of the soil We must turn from the
 faces of men to the face of the earth fromj
 the partial and capricious arrangements of j
 society, to the steady and impartial operation
 of the lawV of Providence. Here we shall
 extract the means of living and improvement.
 The community may deprive us of trades,
 and may refuse to patronize us as shop
 keepers; '»ut the farmer, of what color soever
 he be, will always be able, in this greedy
 world, to command cash for wheat.” Pre
 judice is strong, but necessity is stronger.
 Let us at once become tillers of the soil, and
 our elevation is certain. But we may be told
 of the obstacles which obstruct even this
 path. There are many who would gladly
 leave the large cities, such as New York and
 Philadelphia, and go into thecounties around,
 but they have large families, that require
 every dollar which they can earn from week
 to week to satisfy their immediate a.id press
 ing wants; and they are therefore left without
 the means of emigrating, and with them the
 struggle is, to live. We Jo most fully ap
 preciate the disadvantages under which our
 brethien labor. We admit the difficulties to
 be gieat; but tliey are not insurmountable;
 and the old maxim, that Where there’s a
 will, there’s a way,” applies as truthfully to
 us as to any other people. When we have
 seen the trains of poverty-stricken white men,
 women and children, in their dilapidated
 wagons, moving forward towards the fertile
 West, with animals that appeared but the
 apologies for horses, we have been made to
 leel that emigration is wiihin the reach of any
 and every industrious colored family whose
 circumstances might justify them in making
 the effort. Many of our colored citizens have
 already, through the benevolence of Genii
 Smith, had the first impediment in their path
 removed—land has been given to them. These
 are without excuse and if they do not go
 upon these lands and improve them—we were
 about to say that they deserve to suffer.
 We are, however, happy to learn that
 many have already taken up their goods and
 effects, with their wives and little ones, leav
 ing behind them the menial employments of
 the city, to become the honorable tillers of the
 soil, and that more propose to go. But what
 we desire to see, is a general movement
 among our people in favoi of agricultura
 pursuits; for not until we shall show ourselves
 not only capable but willing to take the world
 from the stump, and extract a living fiom the
 earth, need we ever look for independence o
 respect. We may black boots, carry the hod
 unload the ship, dress hair, and wait at the
 table, until doomsday, and we shall not havi
 moved one inch towards that equality anr
 respectability to which every human being
 ought to aspire.
Come, oppressed fellow-countrymen witl
 axe, hoe and spade, let us to the woods! and
by active industry and manly endurance, pro
 vide for our own wants and achieve our own
 freedom.—f. d.
 i
 fry Geo. W. Goines, whose name is
 above, knows that so far as his shameless, but
 charactei'istic and impudent statement from
 being true, that I turned aside from the sub
 ject intended for the lecture on the evening
 alluded to, to speak on the influence of. Sla
 very over the General Government, and on
 this very Prejudice, as the grand reason why
 black men are treated us they are, by the
 Government and the People. George W.
 Goines knows, and had he a will to state the
 truth', would say, that three-fourths of my
 lecture was on this very subject of negro
 hate. The only reason I can conceive of,
 whywhe? does not tell the truth, about the
 tnafter, is, that it is not las choice to do so.
 As to my consenting to the handbill objected
 to, the arrangement ot the house, he knows,
 and so do the Trustees of the Church, and
 Dr. Bias, and Rev. Mr. Templeton, and
 scoies of olhers, that I constantly remonstra
 ted against it, that I had no responsibility in
 the getting up of the bill. Goines also
 know’s that the objectionable portion of ihe
 handbill was cut off by the Chairman of the
 meeting from scores of them, before they
 were put into circulation. Goines also knows
 that pew-holders in the church resigned their
 seats, voluntarily, to accommodate the whites
 on the same principle of comity that one gives
 his rocking-chair, in his parlor, to his stran
 ger guest. This was the distinct ground of
 Miss Alice James, and many others, where
 anti-slavery will with his.
 Now. Fret* giass.JCharles L. Re
 mond, Robert Purvis, George I’. Downing,
 (t idomne genus, who censured me, ought t&lt;
 have known, as they might lme known,
 ihese facts; and had ihey ta*ken half the
 pains to see and know' that what they said’
 was true, before they uttered it, that they
 took to cast censure upon me, injny absence,
 they could and would have known the facts.
 Goines had the mendacity to mislead some
 of these gentlemen. That Mr. Douglass
 should, however, make such mis-slstements,
 a 3 appeared in his Extra, after 1 left the
 City, does not all surprise me, but does re
 mind me of like slips of his pen or more than
 .one occasion before.
 S. R. WARD.
 f, j.‘
 'Remarks. —The complaints against Mr.
 WardAnay be stated in a very few words, as
 to the\public in Philadelphia in a placard
 which stated that the “lower saloon of the
 building should be appropriated to white citi
 zens exclusively. 2d, He attended that meet
 ing, and delivered an address, and never men
 tioned this insulting placard.
Now’ we ask in all candor, Has Mr. Ward
 denied the truth of either of these charges?
 Who ever said that three-fourths of the lec
 ture of Mr. Ward was not on this very sub
 ject—negro hate? Who ever said that Mr.
 Ward didnot object to the arrangement to ihe
 individuals named Who ever said that the
 chairman of the meeting did not cut off the
 objectionable portion of a number of the pla
 cards? Nobody: and nobody is therefore
 answered by Mr. Ward’s indignant reply.—
 We can inform the editor of the impartial
 Citizen, that neither his blustering denunc:a
 tion of Mr. Goines, nor his polite rocking
 chair reasoning, nor his reflections upon our
 motives, can wipe out the disgraceful conci
 sion made by him, in consenting to address
 the meeting in question, without openly de
 nouncing that infamous p’acard. That the
 North Star Extra did Pot appear till after
 Mr. Ward left Philadelphia, was the fault of
 the printer, not pur’s.. Mr. Ward knowslhat
 ive denounced that handbill in a public meeting,
 two hours after our arrival in that city, and
 three days before he left.—f. d.
North Star Fair in New York
It will be seen by the Report of the Com
 mittee of the North Star Fair, recently held
 in the city of New York, that the members
 of the Committee have resolved to continue
 their efforts. This is gratifying, and shows
 that the feeling which prompted the holding
 of the first fair, was not an effervescent im
 pulse, induced by a desire to make a display,
 but an earnest determination to support the
 cause of truth and justice. The names of
 the ladies associated with this effort, are quite
 sufficient to commend their cause among
 those who know them. The are found in ihe
 front ranks of all those in New York who are
 nobly contending against prejudice, and for
 the elevation and improvement of our down
 trodden people. This effort to sustain the
 press devoted to this work, is proof that they
 well understand the causes that depress and
 enslave the coloied people of this country.—
 We commend the example of these, our op
 pressed sisters, to all our oppressed people,
 and cal! upon them to stand by and sustain
 those instrumentalities which serve to lemove
 manifold social aud political ills to which we
 are continually subjected here at the N#rth,
 and to break the chains of the slave at the
 South. Who would be free themselves
 must strike the bloio.” —f. d.
K? We have copied, in another plaqe, the
 letter of Mr. Downing to Mr. Ward—not
 because we wish to take part in the matter
 which first originated the discussion, but be
 cause the discussion has been made to turn
 on our representation of Mr. Ward’s conduct
 in Philadelphia. In respect to that repre
 sentation, w r e may here say, that we stand
 by every word of it, and that Mr. Ward’s
 statement does not, in the slighest degree, in
 validate our testimony. As to what is said
 of Messrs. Purvis, Remond, and Goines,
 these gentlemen are fully of age, and can
 speak for themselves. We hope they may
 feci moved to do so.—f. d.
M. R. Delany.—We have just received a
 long letter from our friend Delany, addressed
 to Samuel R. Ward and evidently intended
 as much for ourselves as for him. It relates
 to our animadversions upon the unfortunate
 handbill published in Philadelphia, announc
 ing a meeting for Mr. Ward, coupled not with
 a Wilmot Proviso,” but a Colorphobia
 Proviso,” under which, negroes were to be
 restricted to the galiery, and the lower
 saloon ivas to be reserved for our while fellow
 citizens exclusively Friend Deiany’s letter
 shall appear next week.— F. o.
Joseph and Ruth Dugdale.—These truly
 philanthropic friend* are now in the vicinity
 of Rochester, enjoying the hospitality of
 Elias and Rhoda DeGarmo. Since the yearly
 neeting of Congregational Friends, held at
 Waterloo, Joseph Dugdale has been seriously
 ill. He has now so far recovered as to be
 ible to travel again but he is entirely too
 eeble to preach. Our interviews with him,
 lave left a most plersant impression upon our
 nind. His whole soul seems to be swallowed
 ip in the sincere desiie to be good, as well as
 io do guod.—F. o.
The first article on out first page, ani
 madverting upon Dr. Smyth of Charleston, is
 copied fiom the Pennsylvania Freeman. A
 more contemptible apostate does not breathe,
 than this same Smyth. We encountered him
 in Belfast, Ireland, four years ago, when he
 came to attend the Evangelical Alliance.
 He then took the occasion to pronounce our
 representations of slavery to be false, where
 upon we challenged him to a public discussion.
 Instead of accepting our challenge, he meanly
 made an attack upon our character—denounced
 us an infidel, and as of bad moral character.
 We demanded satisfaction, and he promptly
 responded, giving the lie to what he had be
 fore uttered.— f: d.
The New England A. S. Convention.
It was fully our intention to have been
 present at this grand annual assemblage of
 the anti slavery masses, recently held in the
 city of Boston; and we deeply regretted that
 circumstances made it inconvenient for us to
 fulfil that intention. It is the most interesting
 of all anti-slavery meetings w'hich we have
 attended. There is generally a stronger
 array of talent and genius to speak, as well
 as a larger gathering of earnest men assem
 bled to hear at these meetings, than at any
 other ansi-slavery meetings w'ith which we
 are acquainted. The present meeting seems
 to have been one of unusual interest, and to
 have awakened much discussion and agitation
 in Boston. The Boston papers have been
 remarkably unjust and untruthful in their re
 presentations of the speeches made; and, as
 as remarkably rude and slanderous towards
 the speakers themselves. For low vulgarity,
 dark insinuations and abuse of the abolition
 ists, the Boston press has shown itself ,but
 little inferior to that of New York.
We give below the remarks of a distin
 guished Massachusetts Senator, respecting
 the character of this Convention, which we
 take to be a candid and impartial representa
 tion of that which he has.generously under
 taken to set forth, Mr. Buckingham is not
 an abolitionist—at any rate not a disunionist\
 but is, we believe, a Whig, and was for
 many yeats the distinguished editor of the
 Boston Courier, and devotedly attached to
 Daniel Webster. It is, however, due to state,
 that, though a- Whig, he yet retains a con
 science and though devotedly attached to
 Mr. Webster, he has refused to follow the
 latter in his present infamous slave hunt. But
 we are keeping the reader from ths article.—
 Here it is: read it entire. f. d.
From the Boston Courier.
 One of the Anniversaries.
[BY HON. JOSEPH T. BUCKINGHAM.]
The ‘anniversary week’ has passed away,
 editors and reporters have ceased to utter
 their judgements, and the public have proba
 bly forgotten that such things were. Will
 you allow me, my old friends and associates,
 to use a colum of the Courier, wherein I may
 place on record some thoughts, that have oc
 curred to me, on reading ihe ‘Reports’ of the
 Anti-Slavery Convention which have ap
 peared in some of the papers? I will endea
 vor to avoid the forbidden ground of politics,
 and to keep my pen within the pale of civili
 ty; though I am aware that the subject is
 one, which, barely to name, may kindle a
 fire in the breasts of some very good and fair
 minded people.
In my humble judgement, Messrs. Edi
 tors, the New England Anti-Slavery Con
 vention was not, during its sessions, treated
 with that courtesy, which it had a right to
 aspect, and the reports of its proceedings
 and the speeches of its members have not
 b en fairly represented by the Press. Some
 of those reports seem to me to be misrepre
 sentations and caricatures. I speak parti
 cularly of the speeches made during the
 sessions in the day-time; the evening sittings
 I know nothing of, for I did not attend any
 one of them. I was present nearly all the
 time during the three days, and heard most
 of the discussions, and I must confess *hat 1
 heard nothing that required or justified the
 severity of remark or the contemptuous ribald
 ry with which the speakers have been re
 buked. It is not denied that they used gre at
 plainness of speech—that they spoke of the
 Constitution and the jaws, of politics and re
 ligion, of the State and the Church, of poli
 ticians and cletgymen, in tones of great in
 dignation, and in words of no equivocal im
 port. But Ido not recollect any remark in
 relation to either of these subjects, which I
 did not believe to be true, or which I should
 hesitate to endorse, as my own deliberate
 opinion. The speakers were, undoubtedly,
 sincete in their opinions; why then should
 they not be permitted to express them, un
 disturbed by clamorous attempts to restrain
 the freedom of speech? I know it is said,
 by some, that the Abolitionists are covetous
 of martyrdom; and if I mistake not, it has
 been said that the leaders were disappointed
 and mortified at the close of their last meet
 ing, that they were obliged to adjourn with
 whole skins. Now I do not believe that
 Francis Jackson, Theodore Parker, Wendell
 Phillips,or any of those with whom these,our
 neighbors and fellow citizens, are associated
 on this occasion,—-no, not even W. L. Gar
 rison himself, who is the peculiar object ol
 calumny and hatred, —had any desire to cre
 ate a riot or to subject themselves to personal
 violence. It is sad, too—and seemingly in
 extenuation of the rude and discourteous
 treatment they received,—that thay invite the
 public to attend their Conventions, and must
 expect to create uproar and confusion. It is
 true, they invite all, who are disposed to entei
 upon a discussion of their avowed principles
 and purposes, toepme and hear, and to speak,
 it they see fit, but this is not an invitation to
 hiss, or to drown the voice of a speaker b\
 stamping with the feet, and thumping witii
 canes and bludgeons on the floor of the hall
 It is evident, fiom tho alacrity with which
 individuals opposed to the sentiments of the
 Convention were introduced upon the stage,
 that there was no indisposition to hear their
 principles, their arguments, or their state
 ments of (acts, controverted; and I canno
 think that the imputation of a vyish to cieatf
 a mob, and to excite sympathy by subjecting
 iheiqselves to personal injury, is any thing
 better than gratuitous and wanton misrepre
 sentation.
The first speaker whom I heard was Hen
 ry C. Wright, and it was the first time 1
 had ever heard or seen him. This man, I un
 derstand, is a graduate from the Andovei
 Theological Seminary, and from the mannei
 of his speaking,—not, certainly, from tin
 matter,— one might have conjectured as
 much. There is, in his manner, a good de
 gree of genuine orthodox gesticulation, whicl
 sets off his speeches with an air that remind
 ed me of the Rev. Lyman Beecher. His
 theme was Hypocrisy. His text was the
 words of the Declaration of Independence.—
 ‘All men are created equal, endowed \vi l l.
 certain inalienable rights,’ This being
 self-evident proposition, all laws and all prac
 tices, that tended in any degree to produce ar.
 artificial inequality, were wrong; and all met,
 who believed, or pretended to believe thai
 proposition was true, and who should swea
 to support the Constitution with its pro-slave
 ry provisions, were hypocrites. And a]
 nooks which maintained doctrines, or permii
 ted or justified practices, contrary to this self
 -'vident proposition, he contended were no»
 God, but of the devil, and coq n „t be true
 h the Bible the making of slaves
 ol any portion of the human race, it was, thus
 fat, a aelf-evident falsehood. Either the
Bible or the Declaration of Independence,
 according to those who justified pro-slavery
 from the Bible, must be false, and no one
 bad ever pretended that the Declaration ol
 Independence did not assert a sacred and
 sell-evident truth. Mr. Wright applied his
 doctrine to Henry Clay, Daniel Webster,
 Moses Stuart, Leonaid Woods. William M.
 Rogers, and to all who, in less prominem
 spheres, undertake to appologise tor holding
 men and women in slavery, or lor returning
 fugitive slaves to their masters, and declared
 them to be hypocrites by their own confes
 sion. if they admitted that all men were
 created equal. This argument he iterated
 and reiterated, and enforced by many perti
 nent illustrations, which I have not time to
 place on paper, and lo which I could hardly
 do justice, it I should make the attempt. The
 strongest expression I heard from Mr. Wright
 was, that if the Bible laught doctrines con
 trary to the self evident proposition, that
 all men were created equal, then the Bible
 was a self-evident falsehood, and he would
 grind it under his heel as he would the head
 of a rattle-snake. Ido not recollect that lie
 uttered this declaration, (nor do I believe
 that he did utter it) in any one instance,
 and 1 think he must have spoken it at least
 fifty times, —unaccompanied by this hypo
 thetical qualification—lf the Bible teaches
 anything contrary lo this self-evident proposi
 tion, &amp;c.; and, in this form, I am unable to
 see any objection to the sentiment it involves,
 or to the language in which it is expressed.
 At a subsequent stage of the discussion, Mr.
 Wright was asked by one of the audience il
 be believed that tire Bible taught this doc
 trine, thus opposed to the Declaration of
 Independence? and he replied, very emphati
 rally, No! In the oourse of his argument,
 Mr. Wright described what kind of a God
 tlrojvmusi be that was worshiped by Daniel
 Webster, Moses Stuart, &amp;e. It could not be
 the God of the Bible, for that was a God of
 love and humanity—a God who had created
 all men equal—a God who had denounced
 the severest punishment against all the sins
 involved in tire system of American slavery.
 Their God and their Bible permited all these
 atrocious sins, and when he [Wright] should
 take off his hat to such a God, his head should
 come off with it, I cannot discover anything
 in this that justifies the charge of blasphemy.
 A young gentleman, who hailed from New
 York, here ascended the platfotm, to enter
 his protest against the condemnation of
 Messrs. Clay and Webster, whom he pro
 nounced the greatest and the best of men—
 supporteis of ihe Constitution and the Union,
 and w'orthv of the admiration, and love, and
 reverence of the world. He said he could
 not keep silent when he heard such men spo
 ken of so falsely, and he wished to show to
the Convention that their sentence of condem
 nation was not unanimous; for he, at least,
 would not consent to it;——and here he laid
 his hand most pathetically on his chest, as if
 he supposed,—and heprobaby r/it/suppose,
 that there was a soil of pairiotic pulsation in
 side of it. The oratorical display made by
 this young gentleman, added to his juvenile
 and Narcissus like presence, gained great
 applause, and he descended from the platform
 with immense cheering.
 The platform was next occupied by Mr. C.
 C. Burleigh, a gentleman, whose personal
 appearance has been a theme for such gra
 tuitous ridicule and censure. I confess that
 his outside show is not exactly to my taste,
 nor such as I should b 8 ambitious to imitate.
But I supposj he cuts his heard and curls
 liis hair after the fashion w hich suits his own
 taste, and brushes his boots as often as he
 plpases; ar.d i do not see that his taste in
 this matter is any more a legitimate subjici
 for abuse and ridicule, than trie taste of some
 young men, whom one sees every day in the
 street, and who, if they had no other claim
 to humanity than the countenances, which
 they decorate with hair, —whether red or
 biack is of no importance,—in such a gro
 tesque 3nd unhuman fashion, that the monkey
 and the orang-outaug u ight bo pardoned if
 they should salute them as their natural
 j brethren. T\lr. Burleigh dwelt chiefly on the
 sin of slave-hunting. A portion of his re
 marks were sarcastically severe on Mr. Web
 ster for the doctrines laid down in liis re
 cent speech in the Senate, and especially for
 his declared imention to support Mason’s
 Bill to its fullest extent. He aimed to show
 that the piovision of the Constitution, con
 cerning the reclamation of fugitive slaves,
 was in direct hostility to God and humanity;
 and that their was a nohler and a higher Jaw
 than the Constitution, which it was eveiy
 man’s duty to obey whenever that law and
 the Constitution came in conflict. By this law
 of God and humanity, he contended, every
 man is hound to afford food and shelter to fu
 gitive slaves, and doubted whether there were
 many persons, who wou’d lefuse to succor
 the fugitive, if he was in need of food and
 protection. He spoke of a case within his
 own personal knowledge:
 A negro women with a child in her arms,
 fled fiom a cruel master, in Maryland, and,
 in a cold and stormy night, knocked at the
 door of a gentleman in Delaware, and begg
 ed lor shelter. He opened his door,—though
 he knew he was violating the law of the
 State,—received the forlorn wretch with her
 perishing babe, fed and warmed her, aid
 permitted her lo depart in peace the next
 morning. Now, said Mr. 8., are their any
 here, who would not do as the gentleman
 in Delaware did? Would noi out young
 friend (alluding to the gentleman from New
 Yo.k) have done as much? Would not you,
 sir, (addressing himself directly to the youiu
 man,) in that case, have relieved that wretch
 ed fugitive? Afe? a pause, the gentleman
 said, Not if it would disturb ihe Union,—or
 words of that import. But, (said Mr. B.) do
 you think the Delevvare man was guilty of sin
 against the laws ofGod.Jwhen he thus violated
 the law of the State? Would vou refuse to
 give food to a fandshing fugitive, although
 the law made the act a crime? The reply
 was, It would depend upon circumstances
 Mr. B. continued 10 press the interiogatoiy.
 to which hesitating and evasive replies were
 given. He asked for a direct answer to the
 question, whether the young gentleman would
 in the same circumstances do as the man did.
 who relieved the suffering slave; and after
 the question had been repeated, he was met
 with a decided negative. This colloquy af
 forded some amusement to the audience; and
 even those, who were opposed to the auti
 s'avery doctrines, seemed to make themselves
 a little merry at the awkward position of the
 gentleman from New York.
Of all the anti-slavery orators, Wendell
 Phillips seems to be tho-point, st which the
 bitterest denunciations are duected. Slander,
 like death, ‘loves a shining mark.’ If those,
 who empty upon him the vials of their vvraih
 and gall, ha I the head to understand or the
 heart to feel what he utter*, w iih a grace
 and courtesy w hich very tew speakers can
 command, very different,indeed, would be the
 Ime ot their reports. I never heard an un
 civil or ungentlemanly sentence fall from his
 lips He is as incapable of speaking a fals
 hood, or of misrepresenting the position and
 arguments ot his opponents, as some of them
 are of sitting a proper value on truth and
 sincerity in language, or gentlenesss and ur
 banity of manners. His sentences are well
 and harmoniously constructed, and ate utter
 edl without effort,.hesitation or study. He
 tnntets castigation on hiuocracy and wicked
 ness with an unsparing hand, with an instru
 ment that stings, but without bursting, maul
 ing and butcherin? its object. His “vocabu
 lary is entirely deficient in epithet* of vulgar
 ny anu meanness. His elocution is easy and
 graceful, and his whole deportment has a
 character of dignity, manliness, which man\
 persons, who made more impirtunate claims
 m public approbation, would do well to en
 deavorto imitate. To rival is beyond their
 power. 1 shall make no attempt to repon
 any thing that Mr. Phillips said, in two ot
 n brief and incidental speeches, which 1
 t e privilege of hearing, for 1 could givt
 .eader no idea of the beauty of his langu
 ge or the power of his eloquence. If I wer.
 mbittouß of changing my position in society,
 would more willingly be Wendell Phillips
than either of the great stars, that now shine
 with such overpowering effulgence in the con
 stellations of politics and theolvgy.
 I should be well pleased to give some of
 the remarks made by Parker Pillsbury, Theo
 dore Parker, Stephen S. Foster, and others,
 if I could do so without committing a trss
 pass on my permitted limits. Let me say,
 however, that the remarks made by Mr. Fos
 ter in relation to an amendment which he
 proposed to one of the Resolutions were very
 pertinent, and adapted to secure a gererai ap
 proval of ihe Resolution. 1w as surprised to
 learn that the amendment was rejected by the
 Convtniion.
You well know, Messrs. Editors, that I am
 not an Abolitionist, in the accepted meaning
 of that term, —that I have never joined their
 ranks, —nor ever participated in their projects.
 But when I-saw the caricatures and nmsrep
 resntations that were published concerning the
 speakers in the recent Convention, —and
 when I saw the dishonorable attempts of
 certain persons (unknown to me) to interrupt
 the proceedings,—and when I heard the in
 sulting hisses and clamors of a party, and saw’
 the calmness, and patience, and fortitude, ap
 proaching to indifference, with which these
 nutired advocates for fieedoin receives the re
 proaches and the contempuous jeers of their
 opponents, I confess I was strongly tempted
 to go on to their platform, to sustain their
 principles and to partake of their fate, what
 ever it may be. You also well know, mat if
 1 belong to any political party, (and I am not
 aware that any party claims allegiance from
 me,) it is to one, which meets with one favor
 from anti-slavery orators, but, on the contra
 ry, is the subject of then frequent and severe
 rebukes. If I have any political sympathies,
 they are all shared w 4 th this contemned,
 sneered at and despised party; yet, notwith
 standing all the objurgatory, and as I think,
 unmerited reproof bestowed on this party by
 Abolitionists for what they suppose to be its
 timidity and short-commings, 1 target them,
 all in of their fearless and irre
 pressible advocacy of the entire freedom of
 the human race.
The Clay ami Foote Compromise,
The Savannah Republican, one of the most
 strenuous advocates of slavery extension,
 thus speak of this famous Compromise:
“A Simple Calculation. —The Compro
 mise of the Committee of Thirteen proposes
 to admit California, ONE Free State, and
 FOUR Slave States, from the Texan Tern
 iory, which will be Slave States, Is it for
 the North or the South to complain of this
 arrangement? WE GET FOUR STATES
 THEY GET ONE.
Ihe Compromise further proposes to sup
 press the slave traffic by speculators tn the
 District of Columbia—a think oibut litte con
 sequence lo us, an_d \vhich has been done by
 nearly, if not the Southern Sates
 within their own limits—and provide more
 effectually for the' re-capturs of fugitive
 slaves, or for the compensation of °theie
 owners. Here we have an insignificant con
 cession and receive in return the garranty of
 the government fur the suppression of escapes
 and kidnapping, by which our people in the
 border Status lose hundreds of slaves annual
 ly. Does it become us to denounce this part
 of the Compromise.
 And lastly in regard to the subject, of Sla
 very—the Compromise CONDEMNS THE
 W iLMOF PRCA ISO, and proposes to give
 teiritorial governments to Utah and New
 Mexico without any restriction as to Slavery.
 This is what the South has been fighting for
 EVER SINCE THE ANTI-SLAVJERY
 ORDINANCE OF 1787; and now that we.
 offered to us the very thing for which we have
 been contending shall we reject it? Do we
 claim rights; simply that we may spurn them
 when within our grasp
We clip the above from the “Indepen deni
 Democrat.” It places the compromise bill;
 as it is called, in its true light, and the light
 in which it will he received by posterity A
 more open, and unmiataksable advantage,
 lias, at no one time, been, given to slavery,
 than is proposed to be tenderd to the slav©
 power, in this corrupt and abominable com
 promise.— F. D.
Maryland Slaves.
We aie most happy to learn, by the follow
 ing, that so large a number of slaves as are
 herein represented, are escaping from Queen
 Anne’s county. We have some old friends in
 that place; and w? cannot but hope that
 many of them, having kindred spirits with
 our own, are among the fortunate refugees.
 We think, however, that “the Baltimore
 Correspondent of the Washington Union,
 is greatly mistaken in supposing that aboli
 tionists have anything to do with these grand
 stampedes. There are hearts and brains among
 the slaves—intellects of which their masters
 scarcely dream, quite commensurate with
 such hazardous undertakings.— f. d.
“A meeting of the slave-holders of Queen
 Anne’s county was held at Centreville a few
 days since for the purpose of organizing a so
 ciety to protect slave property, on account of
 the numerous depredations that have been
 made by the abolitionists recently in that vi
 cinity. Officers were elected, and a constitu
 tion adopted, and measures taken for imme
 diately commencing operations. The num
 ber of slaves weekly lost from the bolder
 counties of this State is estimated to be equal
 to 10,00.0 in value, and the most efficient
 organization will he necessary to prevent its
 increase. That they receive money, arms,
 and directions from the Abolitionisis, thertt
 is no manner of doubt; and, after thev
 the line, places of concealment are provided
 lor them, with all she “aid and comfort” ne
 cessary to enable them to eluue pursuit.
 'Fhe recent stampede of sixteen slaves belong
 ing to Col. Pearce, from Baltimore county,
 and theii arres’ near Shrewsbury, Pennsylva
 nia, proved this beyond a doubt. A reward
 of $2,000 discovered their hiding place, in
 one ol the out-houses ot a farmer in the vicin
 ity. They were carried home without wait
 ing for legal process.”
Mr. Giddings (sacs ihe Lowell American(
 mode an excellent speech in Congress a few
 days ago, upon the bill from the Senate pro
 viding for the appointment of a Surveyor
 Genet?.! of the Public Lands in Oregon, and
 donations of land to actual settlers. There
 w’as an amendment excluding free colored set
 tiers, and to this point Mr. Giddings’ speech
 was directed. Those who know horn com
 pletely this nation is ruled by the slaveholder,
 will not wonder when they learn that this
 exclusion was carried by a vote of ght
 to fifiy-one. It is such legislation as tms,
 carried on year after year, with no piospect
 of improvement, which \eiifies the assertion
 of John Quincy Ada;ns, that the preseiva
 tion, propagation, and perpetuation of slavery,
 has been made the vital and animating spirit
 of the national government.
What can be less magnanimous and more
 mean, on the part of a great and growing
 nation, than for its law-makers to go out of
 ihe way in legislating for the country, to in
 flict a wound upon tho most despised and
 helpless of U.e people! Wiien will this
 nation learn that true dignity (to say nothing
 of Christianity) is insulted by these repeated
 efforts to degrade and alienate a peeple, few
 in number, and already bowed low under the
 yoke of oppression?—f. d.
Slaves For Californba. —Several sLva
 .owners have left this state for California,
 faking thetr slaves with them, to whom they
 have promised their liberty alter twq year*
 service in the mines.
"
