"p 0 etr D.
For the North Star.
 THE LAST LAND OF THE SLAVE.
addressed to “the south.”
I stand on the Rocky Mountains,
 And turn to the eastern sea—
 What fiend of hell is stalking
 Through the broad land of the free’’
Fierce as the wild tornado,
 His hurricane footsteps be.
 And deep ns the midnight thundei*
 The roar of his revelry.
Blood on his clutching fingers,
 Blood on his gorgon head;
 His ravenous jaws blood-dropping,
 And bis black brows stained with red.
What doth he here, my brothers—
 Herein your proud young land?
 Hoes the blood of your sons and daughters
 Darken his robber hand'?
Hark! the groans, the tears, nud the wailings.
 That rise from his track, like a cloud
 Of pestilence, into the heavens,
 So terrible, ceaseless, and loud!
Are these howlings the cry of your children,
 Crushed down by his pitiless heelt
 Why stand ye thus gazing and fainting
 Strike, hunt, and the demon shall feel!
Beard the gaunt fiend in his fury!
 Face the foe with the bold front of men!
 Ye teQl that your sons be unfetter’d,
 And who dares to chain them again!
For Honor, for Truth, and for Freedom,
 Who braves not the trenches of de*th
 Fortune smiles on the hero whom glory
 inspires with her valorous breath.
But the cause of Religion and Mercy,
 Nomartvrs arise to defend!
 No voice from the toombs of your fathers,
 Bids tyranny tremble and bend!
O world! from these Rocky Mountains,
 Look down on the mighty grave
 Where Freedom and Love lie buried—
 In the last land of the slave!
Ztictster, England.
THE DEACON’S EXHORTATION TO HIS
SLAVE.
All those who know their master’s will,
 And do it not, are to be beaten
 With many stripes; for brother Bill
 Said so the other day at meetin’.
 Sambo, you know that I’ve a right
 To take this whip, or one that’s bigger,
 And flog you hard; for I’m a white,
 And you are nothing but a nigger.
I joined the church, and bought a pew,
 And help to pay our heavenly teachers,
 Who say the devil’s black as you,
 With hoofs and horns and negro features.
 Take off your hat, you saucy black,
 And listen whilst your master’s speaking,
 Or I will plough your sooty back
 Until the rawhide's red and reeking.
Whenever I kneel down at night,
 Before Jehovah’s sacred altar,
 I pray for you with all my might,
 With hope and faith that ne’er can falter
 But I’m hard up for change just now,
 And since you are my Christian brother,
 You never will complain, 1 trow,
 If I should sell you to another.
The stupid blacks are so uncouth,
 Without us how would they have got on!
 We need them at the sunny South,
 To raise our sugar, corn and cotton.
 Your daughter, son and wife I sold,
 The other day, for current money;
 'They clung to you and wept, I’m told,
 Until the scene was passing funny.
Work well, my lad, and we shall meet
 In heaveu above, when life is ended;
 But don’t come too near my seat
 Up there, or 1 shall be offended.
 We must not fret and weep and whine.
 But bear the burdens of each other;
 And if you will not carry mine,
 I’ll whip you like a Christian brother!
Just wipe away those tears, my lad;
 What right have slaves to talk of feeling
 Look out, or you will feel the gad,
 tin sores that have not yet done healing.
 And should you undertake to run,
 Our supple statesmen can run faster;
 And they will hunt you for the fun
 Of catching game for me, their master.
THE CRISIS
BY JOHN G. WHITTIER
The day is breaking in the East, of which the
 prophets told,
 And brighten* up the sky of Time, the Christian
 Age of ®old:
 Old Might to Right is yielding, battle blade to
 clerkly pen,
 Earth’s monarch* are her people, and serfs stand
 up as men;
The isle* rejoice together, in a day are nation*
 born,
 And the slave walks free in Tunis, and by Stam
 boul’s Golden Horn!
 this, oh countrymen of mine! a day for us to
 *ow
 JJ'he soil of new-gained empire with slavery’s se ed
 of woe 1
 feed with our fresh life-blood the old world’s
 cast-off crime,
 jPfopped like *ome moustrous early birth, from the
 tired lap of Tim*!
 9» run anew the evil race the old lost nations ran,
 die like them ol unbelief of God, and wrong
 of man!
 Crisis presses onus; face to face with us rt
 stands;
 .With solemn lips of question, like the Sphyax in
 Egypt’s sands!
 day we fashion Destiny, our web of Fate we j
 spin:
 day tor all hereafter choose we holiness or sin.
 JSt*u now from starry Gerazim, or Ebal’s cloudy
 crown,
 w» sail the dews of blessing or the bolts of cursing
 down!
 A
 By *ll for which the mmyrs bore their agony and
 shame;
Bp all the warning words of truth with which the
 prophets came;
 By thejfuture which awaits us; bv all the hopes
 which cast
 Their faint and trembling beams across the black
 ness of the past:
 And in the awful name of Him, who for Earth’s
 freedom died;
 ye people! oh my brothers! let U 3 choose the
 righteous side!
Mr. Duper (Fla.) gave notice that
 he would offer the following as an
 amendment to the Report of the Com
 mittee: That should the Congress of
 the United States enact any law rela
 tive to the Constitution of Slaveholding
 States, as set forth in the foregoing
 resolutions, and should they further
 refuse to adjust the controversy grow
 ing out of the Slavery question on terms
 satisfactory to the Slaveholding States,
 they should, through their respective
 Legislatures, concert and adopt mea
 sures for the organization of a General
 Convention, to be constituted of Dele
 gates from such States, and to be in
 vested with full power and authority
 to prescribe the mode and manner of
 redress, provided that said contempla
 ted Convention should be convened
 only m the event that if said Slavehold
 ing States should concur in calling
 for the same.
 Judge Tucker, of Va., submitted the
 following, which was read and re
 ferred.
 “Inasmuch as no pledge,on the parti
 of Congress that that body will not as
 sume power it granted by the Consti-!
 tution, can add to the existing Consti
 tutional obligation, and inasmuch as a;
 light plodge not to exercise powers,
 granted by the Constitution will bind
 nobody, it follows that no satisfactory
 security can be given by Congress to
 the injured and insulted South against
 the continuance, repetition and aggra
 tion of wrongs and insults by North
 ern fanatics and factious aspirants and
 intriguers in every part of the Union
 —hoping, nevertheless, that some
 measure may be formed by which an
 adjustment of existing difficulties may
 be effected as shall at once preserve
 Union, establish Equality and Justice,
 and restore Peace, this Convention
 sincerely perceiving the necessity of
 resolving to avert the last extremity,
 and that the following plan of adjust
 ment or some modification of it may be
 made to accomplish these objects, re
 commend the same to the consideration
 of their constituents and all others
 whom it may concern. Let each of
 the slaveholding States, by enactment
 of Legislative nature, of deed of re
 lease, relinquish to the non-slavehold
 ing States the perfect titled to the lands
 of the United States norlh of 36deg
 30, and not within the limits of any
 State enouncing alike its righ of pro
 perty and the right of Empire.
 ■2d, Let each of the non-slaveholding
 States make a relinquishment to Slave-!
 holding States of all South of 36. 30.
 3d, let the right of empire remain
 dormant, as it now is, only to be
 amended in new States established by
 miles and bounds by the assent of the'
 States proposing the right of empire, I
 expressed through the the State Legis-j
 lature.
F. T. MOTT.
From the Liberator.
4th, Let the admission of such new
 States into the Union be as now, by
 act of Congress.
 sth, Let the disposal of the land to
 purchasers be left as now to Congress,
 and let the proceeds be paid into the
 Treasury of the Unitad States.
6th, Let no gratuitous grants of pub
 lic land on either side of this line be
 made by Congress without the assent
 of a majority of the Senators and Rep
 resentatives of the State to which such
 land belongs.
 7th, Let all sale, of public lands be
 made with (he reservation of one-tenth
 of. all the gold and silver to be taken
 therefrom, and let proper regulations
 be made to secure the payment of the
 amount.
Bth, Let the fifth be paid into the
 Treasury of the United States, to be
 equally divided among all the different
 States, according to their Electoral
 yotes in the Election of President.
9th, Let the dividend of each State
 stand in the hands of the Treasurer of
 State for the satisfaction of all demands
 of any State which shall be adjudged
 by the proper tribunal in favor of any
 other State or citizen thereof.
10th, Let the tribunal be constituted
 before which the owners of any fugitive
 Slave may file his libel, charging that
 such a Slave has escaped into a non
 slaveholding State.
 11th, Let a notice of such proceed
 ing be served on the Governor of such
 State.
c. w. B
12th, On proof of such notice, let
 proceedings be had to determine whe
 ther such slave did so escape into such
 non-slaveholding State, whether such
 slave had been restored to the owner,
 and to ascertain the value of such
 slave.
13th, It it be found tiiat such Slave
 did so escape into such State, and has
 not been returned to the owner, then
 let judgment be rendered to the owner,
 that the claimant ought to recover the
 value so assessed with cost.
14th, Let the judgment be duly cer
 tified under the seal of the Court to
 the Treasurer of the United States,
 and be to him authority for paying the
 amount of such judgment and title
 thereto; and let such payment sUnd
 credit to such State into which the
 slave escapes, in satisfaction for her
 distributable share of the proceeds of
 the money from gold and silver.
 15th, Let the title of Texas to all
 the territory embraced within the
 limits established by the treaty of
 Guadaloupe Hidalgo be acknowl
 edged, ratified and confirmed.
16th, Let the non-slaveholding
 States fulfil tire Constitutional obliga
 tion by passing effectual laws to pro
 tect the entrance provided for the re
 storation of the Slaves escaping into
 them.
17th, Let the Territorial Govern
 ments be established to California,
 Utah and New-Mexico, securing to the
 inhabitants the rights of choosing their
 own officers; the right of self-govern
 ment and all rights except the right of
 empire over the soil, in which they do
 not as yet possess any right of proper
 ty —the right to prohibit any citizen of
 the United States from migrating, with
 all their property, of every description,
 and the right to tax or interfere with
 the disposal of the lands therein on
 such terms as Congresss may pre
 scribe.
The Convention then adjuourned.
 House’s Printing telegraph, from
 Philadelphia to this city, worked this
 long dispatch admirably. g
JRiecelloncoue.
From the N. Y. Tribune.
 NASHVILLE CONVENTION.
TAXATION—REPRESENTATION.
In conformity witn the directions of
 the State Convention of colored citi
 zens, held in Marshall March 6th, 1850,
 your committee would respectfully sub
 mit the following report which has been
 committed to their charge by this meet
 ing:
Whereas, we, an oppressed people
 who are taxed without representation,
 have assembled in public for the pur
 pose of bringing our grievances before
 the state constitutional convention at
 Lansing, which has now assembled to
 revise our state constitution.
And whereas, we believe in the poli
 tical creed laid down by the fathers of
 our Republic, and which must lie at the
 foundation of a republican government,
 that taxation and representation must
 cling together.
 And whereas, the colored popula
 tion of Michigan, numbering from one
 to three thousand, many of whom are
 large tax-payers to our state govern
 ment, and yet they are denied the right
 of voting, under the said constitution;
And whereas, we have obtained a
 large list of petitioners to the above
 convention, praying that the constitu
 tion may be so altered as to extend to
 all of its citizens, without regard to
 color, the elective franchise.
 Ist. Resolved, That we the dis
 franchised citizens here assembled,
 who believe that taxation and repre
 sentation should always go together,
 putting our trust in God for the success
 of our cause and invoking his guidance
 in our feeble struggle for political lib
 erty, do pledge ourselves to do all that
 we can morally, legally and pecuniari
 ly to have our cause fairly presented
 before the constitutional convention.
2d. Resolved, That we, as law lov
 ing and law abiding citizens, will not
 leave our state because of her oppres
 sive laws, while the freedom of speech
 is preserved or the principle ot true
 democracy has an abiding place in the
 state.
3d. Resolved, That we as an oppres
 ed people will ever hold with grateful
 remembrance such delegates at the
 convention as may extend to us the
 helping hand in the hour of struggle
 and trial.
4th. Resolved, That while we con
 sider it unjust not to be allowed even
 the privilege that foreigners have
 among us, who became legal voters
 under our State constitution, yet we re
 new our plege, relying on the aid of
 Divine Providence that we shall still
 labor on in our own cause, trusting in
 God that justice will yet be done us,
 suffrage or no suffrage; taxation or no
 taxation; representation or no repre
 sentation. With a God of justice on
 our side, we have reason to hope that
 the truth will yet prevail.
H. 8188, j
 R. ALLEN, Committee.
 H. GRIFFIN.
 Pursuant to adjournment a meeting
 was held in Detroit, at which time N.
 J. Lightfoot and H. Bibb were appoint
 ed bearers of petitions to the conven
 tion. A vote was aiso passed that
 these proceedings be published in all
 of the Detroit papers, with a request
 that all papers, favorable to our cause
 would copy it
R. ALLEN, Sec’y
The New York Globe. —This
 newspaper, now in the hands of Geo.
 R. Hazewell, 162' Nassau st., N, Y.,
 has put on an entire new dress and has
 been materially improved both in size
 and appearance. It is an ably con
 ducted and spirited sheet.—Terms, $2
 a year. Three copes $5.- Lewis Co.
 Republican.
iCF* That delectable “JV*. F. Globe
 was one of the principle instigators of
 the lawless outrages ot the Rynders
 gang upon the right of free discussion
 at the late Anti-Slavery meeting in
 New York. A fit associate and help
 er of Bennett’s Herald, it would take a
 great many “new dresses’’ and other
 “improvements” to make any thing
 decent of such a wretched concern.
A day or two after their ill behavior
 at the Tabernacle, a parcel ol the
 Globe’s creatures had the hardihood to
 dog Frederick Douglass and his friends
 about the city, and finally to commit a
 gross assault upon them at the Battery;
 whereupon the Globe gave a hugely
 boasting and mendacious account ofthe
 affair, fully justifiying the low lived
 outrage.
Mr. Douglass is the editor and pro
 prietor of the “North Star,” an able
 Anti-Slavery paper ol the old school,
 published in Rochester. We know
 him well. He was formerly a slave—
 is a man of rare intellectual powers,
 and of umblemished morals and integ
 rity. And though we cannot in all re
 spects see and concur with him, we are
 well assured that his aims, ends and
 heart, are as much higher, manlier
 and nobler than those of the poor and
 paltry ignoramuses of the Globe, as the
 sky is higher and handsomer than a hog
 pen.
The Oldest Republic ox Eabth.
 —The American Quarterly Review
 contains a letter from G. W. Irving,
 Esq., giving a sketch of his visit to San
 Marino, a small Republic in Italy, be
 tween the Appenines, the Po, and the
 Adriatic. The territory of this State
 is only forty miles in circumference,
 and its population about 7,000. —The
 Republic was founded more than one
 thousand four hundred years ago, on
 moral principles, industry, and equali
 ty, and has preserved its liberty and
 independence amid 3 aft the wars and
 discords which have raged around it.
 Bonaparte respected it, and sent an
 embassy to express his friendship and
 fraternity. It is governed by a Cap
 tain Regent chosen every sis months
 by the representatives of tfie people,
 (sixty-six in number,) who are chosen
 every six months by the people. The
 taxes are light, the farm-houses are
 neat, the fields well cultivated, on all
 sides are seen comfort and peace, the
 happy effect of morality, simplicity, lib-1
 rty and justice.
new organ of the ultra
 slavery party to be established at
 Washington, will be called “The
 Crisis.” El wood Fisher and Mr. Gar
 net, of Virginia, will, it is said, be the
 editors. It is reported that $40,000
 have been subscribed to carry on the
 enterprise. —New Englander.
PAINE’S HYDRO-ELECTRIC
LIGHT.
The discovery of Mr. Paine, which,
 as the Tribune says, is, ifgenuine, one
 of the greatest dicoveries of modern
 times, is soon to be brought to a prac
 tical test, by an attempt to light the
 Astor House building with this de
 scription of gas.—lf successful in es
 tablishing its practicability, a greatr ev
 olution in the present system of pro
 ducting light and heat, must be brought
 about which will render those indensi
 ble agents so cheap that there can be
 no possible excuse for darkness in any
 corner of the world. The Tribune
 says:
 As far as we apprehend the claim
 of Mr. Paine, it is that he has estab
 lished as a new principle of science
 that electricity possesses the qualities
 of weight, compressibility, and gravi
 tation; that he has proved water to be
 in reality a simple elemental substance
 which he can decompose or transform
 into either hydrogen or oxygen gas
 according to its electrical condition,
 and according as positive or negative
 electricity is applied to it; and that he
 has invented the means whereby from
 water he can produce at will either of
 these gasses without any other than
 mechanical agency and with no ex
 pense save that of the machine, which
 will cost at the outside S4OO or SSOO,
 and last for an indefinite period.
 When with a pail of water you can
 without expense light and heat your
 house; wtien coal mines are useless,
 and steamships draw their fuel from
 the waves they traverse; then the
 comforts and luxuries of life, and the
 means of traveling will be diminished
 in price so as to come within the ability
 of every man; a great deal of the most
 toilsome and disagreeable work now
 performed will become unnecessary;
 and a vast step will be taken towards a
 more just and equal distribution of so
 cial advantages. For it is the charac
 teristic of every great discovery that
 it cannot be monopolized; let selfish
 speculators fatten from it as they will,
 Nature, with infallible justice still
 gives the larger share of the profit to
 the general mass of men.
SUICIDE.
We learn that a likely negro girl, a
 slave of a passenger on the steamer
 Gen. Lafayette, drowned herself by
 jumping overboard, last Wednesday
 morning. She was a valuable servant,
 and her master had been offered SIOOO
 for her. She had been corrected by
 him for some offence or other, and she
 was heard to declare that he should
 never slap her again. When the boat
 was some distance above Evansville,
 and while the passengers were at the
 dinner table, she jumped into the river
 from the after-guard and was drowned.
 —Louisville Courier.
The above article affords a very apt
 illustration of the moral influence o;
 the slave system on the people among
 whom it exists. Here was a young
 female, “likely,” capable, and, as the
 article clearly enough indicates, oi
 keen sensibility and self-respect—driv
 en by the barbarity of the creature
 calling himself her master, to the com
 mission of suicide, and yet the public
 press, in the opulent and refined city
 of Louisville, in chronicling the event,
 has no word of condemnation for the
 oppression and cruelty which drove
 her to the fatal act. It does not seem
 even to realize or apprehend, that the
 subject of its paragraph was a fellow
 being, endowed with immortality, driv
 en thus early to her final account,
 there to appear not only to answer for
 herself, but as the accuser of her op
 pressor; but treats the matter in quite
 a business sort of style, as deriving its
 chief, if not only consequence from the
 value of the property lost to the master.
 She was a “very valuable servant,”
 and was worth “a thousand dollars!”
 Had it been a horse of the same
 “value” which had accidentally tum
 bled overboard, the subject could not
 be more coolly spoken of. Surely,
 those who have no connection with
 this curse of curses, may deem them
 selves happy in their exemption. In
 view of the enormities of the system,
 who will forbear to do all that he can
 do to prevent its further extension, and
 to bring about its final eradication
 from our land.— Spy.
From the N. Y. Tribune,
 DANIEL WEBSTER.
A correspondent sends us the fol
 lowing:
 ‘Saturday afternoon I came from
 Philadelphia with the remains of the
 late Daniel Webster; and was forcibly
 struck with the ravages which time
 and circumstances in two or three
 years had made on this once eminent
 man. His face was sallow and shrunk
 en, and his eye languid and glazed;
 even the presence of the ladies on the
 boat paying their regards to him, could
 not arouse his thoughts, or expel from
 his countenance its lethargic heavi
 ness. His steps faltered, even to tot
 tering; and hjs whole person seemed
 the emblem of infirmity. But, us Mil
 ton says of Satan:
‘His form had not jet lost
 All its original brightness, nor appeared
 Less than Archangel ruined, and the excess
 Of glory obscured but jps facp
 Deep scars of thunder bad entrenched; and Cure
 bat on his laded cheek.’
I could not but feel sad, as I gazed
 j on all that remains of tl)e opce Daniel
 i Webster! now sunk and faded, not so
 I much in the physical as in the intellec
 tual and moral man. Once, when
 darkness brooded over the tents of
 Israel, and the people understood not
 the law, the light ofhis mind, like ‘the
 pillar of fire by night,’ was the guide
 of the votaries of Freedom towards the
 promised land; but now, when the sun
 of Liberty has brought the dawn of a
 perpetual day to make glad the nations
 of the earth, ‘the spark of his fire no
 longer shines.’ When, from the sleep
 of ages tfte thqnders of his eloquence
 have aroused mankind to strike for
 Freedom, to do or die, his voice, like
 that of the Athenian who had felt the
 weight ol Philip’s gold, is either hushed
 in silence or heard only on the side of
 the oppressor.’
A slave-catcher is the most despica
 ble of all creatures.
Asylum for the Sick.
DR. HAMILTON’S Hydropathic and Analytic
 Asylum, No 217 Exchange Street, opposite the
 i Orphan Asylum, Rochester, N.Y. This Institution
 is now firmly established and in successful opera
 tion. The proprietor analyzes every diseas ethat is
 admitted there, and applies the natural and appro
 priate remedy. Although water is used in every way
 that is applied in any water-cure establishment lit
 the United States, yet the proprietor wishes it to be
 expressly understood that it is not relied on as the only
 or principal lemedy in the treatment of disease sub
 mitted to his care.
This Establishment is designed for that class of
 invalids who have failed to obtain their health by all
 other systems of practice, and are still unable to
 w'alk or stand on their feet, and are confined to their
 beds, wearing out a life of misery and suffering with
 out any hope of ever being any better.
 The remedies made use of in this Institution not
 oply entirely remove disease but give increased
 strength and elasticity to the system. Many have
 been brought here from different parts of the coun
 try, who had neither walked or borne their weight
 on their feet from five to fifteen years; and some
 who have been unable to dress or undress, or even
 to feed themselves, and in the course of a few weeks
 would be walking with the elasticity of youth and
 the quickness of a pedestrian, astonished at them
 selves, and surprising their friends and all who saw
 them when they first came. The treatment of this
 Institution is particularly calculated to remove the
 diseases peculiar to females, such as
 Ist. The falling of the Womb, in all its stages
 and conditions in patients, from twelve years of age
 up to sixty, and even if they have been confined to
 their beds from one to twenty, unable to stand, walk,
 dress, or undress themselves, or even too feeble to
 bear any noise or speak aloud.
 2d. Weakness and Falling of the Bowels; Pain
 in the Side, Shoulders, Back and Head- Spinal
 Diseases, Liver Complaints, Sinking Sensation at
 the Stomach, Palpitation ol the Heart, Dyspepsia
 all its forms and stages, Piles, Costiveness, Di
 arrhcea, Suppression of the Menses, Excessive
 Menstruation, Whites, all Nervous Diseases, Cold
 Feet and Hands, St. Anthony’s Dance, Tetters of
 all kinds, Salt Rheum, in its worst forms, Neural
 gia, Tic Douloureux, Rheumatism, Consumptiod in
 its first stages, General Weakness and Debility.
 The proprietor has given his whole attention to
 the above diseases for the last ten years, and has
 treated them in an entirely different way from anv
 other private practice or public Institution in this
 country; and such has been his snccess, and so cer
 tain are his remedies in their effects on those dis
 eases, that instead of publishing a long list of cer
 tified cures, he wishes to give that class of invalids
 seeking to obtain their health a snfficient guarantee
 against any false pretensions, exaggeration, impo
 sition or deception, so that no one need be to any
 expense in, this Institution without being banefited
 The proprietor will enter into a special contrac.
 with any one who wishes to do so, that he will ad
 mit into the Institution, to advance the money and
 uay all the expenses from any part of the United
 States here and back home again, before he com
 mences the treatment, and give a bond to board them,
 together with his professional services, for
 if he does not help them according to contract. Any
 one thinking the above proposition not a sufficient
 guarantee against misrepresentations and expense
 without receiving equal benefit, can let the proorie
 tor know what wil. lie satisfactory, and it shall lie
 duly considered.
 This Institution has grown up from private prac
 tice by the inflnence of those who have been helped
 here, as nothing has ever been published before;
 and the proprietor means that it shall sustain itsel.
 by its own merits, or pay the expense of those who
 choose to make a contract in case of failure. The
 design of this Circular is not to make known the
 cures that have been made in this institution, because
 they must soon be believed; but to let it be mor
 extensively known to the poor suffering invalids
 that have spent hundreds of dollars in trying all
 other systems of practice, and without much or any
 benefit, and still remain confined to their beds from
 five to twenty years, that there is an Institution
 whose treatment is different from any other one the
 United States, and is particularly adapted to their
 situation, and can have it cost them nothing unless
 they are materially benefited.
 From the nature of treatment in this Institution,
 the nnmber of patients must be limited, therefore the
 proprietor does not solicit the patronage of slight and
 ordinary cases which may be easily helped by other
 systems of practice; nor does he want any one to
 come, unless they wish to get well, and are willing
 to be made well enough to walk from five to twenty
 miles at a time, and follow it up day after day in
 succession; and also willing to be made able to en
 dure as much labor and fatigue as most of people
 that call themselves well, as he means that every
 one that goes through a thorough course of treatment
 in the Analytic Institution shall show by their in
 creased strength, elasticity of motion, firmness 01
 texture, capability of endurance, and improved
 health, that the treatment in this Institution is found
 ed on the natural law's of organized matter, and
 consequently its superiority over every other dif
 ferent system of practice.
 All communications addressed to Dr. THOMAS
 HAMILTON, Rochester, post paid, will receive
 immediate attention. If requested, reference will
 be made to those who have been helped in this Insti
 tution and also good references as to responsibility
 orthe proprietor to meet the above expenses if;
 required.
ATHOL WATER CTRL'.
THE Subscriber begs leave to call the attention
 of Invalids, especially those suffering from
 chronic disease, to his hydropathic establishment in
 Athol, Mass.
His house was opened for the reception of patients
 past season, and it is believed offers excellent facili
 dies for a philosophic and thorough course in hydro
 pathy. The supply of water is abundant, and in
 purity has been pronounced pqual to water on a
 blistilled.” The location is quite eligible, being but
 it short distance from the V. &amp;M, railroad. The
 v c inity abounds in a variety of scenery, and has
 charming grounds for walks and rambles. So that
 with the water, suitable regimen, mountain air, and
 exercise, patients can scarcely fail to obtain the
 healthful results for which they labor.
 The following case illustrates this remark. Mrs.
 8., wife of Pea. B pf Warwick, Mass., aged
 about thirty-five years, was brought to me last
 j August. Her case presented the following pheno-
 I mena. If placed in an erect position, and left un
 supported, she forthwith fell backward to the
 ground. If being well supported, she made an
 effort to walk, either foot, when carried forward,
 despite hey efforts to the contrary, would cross the
 other. She had been in this condition nearly a
 year. Her treatment commenced the 16th of Sept.,
 iind was continued to the 25th Oct. only, when she
 left, so far recovered as to be able to wajk half a
 mile with ease. Since her return to her family, shel
 has continued her baths, with corresponding im
 hrovement to her health. She now attends to her
 aomestic duties, and with the assistance of a small
 girl, does the work of her family.
 pePatients are desired to bring three comfortables,
 don pair of woollen blankets, one pair of sheets
 aiu: a dozen towels marked, with old linen fori
 bandages.
 Terms, from five to ten dollars per week, accord
 ing to the necessities or choice of the patients.
 Those who are less particular in the selection ol
 rooms, or are willing to occupy them in common
 withothers, will be charged less.
 Athol, March, 1848. GEORGE HOYT.
Free Labor Roods.
MANUFACTURED by the American Free Pro
 duce Association, and for sale at No, 3f, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia:
 Manchester Ginghams; Checks, Apron and Fur
 niture; Canton Flannel, unbleached; Muslin,
 bleached and unbleached, of various qualities and
 width; thin Muslin for linings, brown and colored;
 Bird Eye Towels; black and while Wadding;
 Cotton Laps; Lamp Wick; Bed Ticking, an ex
 cellent article; Calico, Stockings, Knitting Cotton,
 &amp;c, &amp;c,
Orders fpr Goqds, or letfevs desiring information,
 may be addressed to J. Miller McKun, 31, North
 Fiftir-street; Daniel L. Miller, Tenth-street; or to
 James Mott, No. 35, Church Alley.
 A large and handsome assortment of Prints now
 on hand. jul—tf
Colored Sailors’ Home,
 330, Pearl Street New York.
FRIENDS «f ike slave, and strangers on a visit
 to New York, can now be accommodated with
 as good Board,and at as lowa price as in any other
 house in thp city. The house is large and con
 venient; will hold comfortably seventy persons.
 Families can have private rooms, and every atten
 tion paid to their comfort. WM. P. POWELL
 May 11 ,1849
Palmer’s Artificial Leg.
 THIS entirely new, beautiful, and eminently ser*
 vicable limb, which has received the highest
 awards and most hearty testimonials of all the
 principal scientific institutions and surgeons of
 hospitals in this country, in addition to those who
 have used the limb, as being in every respect supe
 rior to any limb ever before invented in Europe or
 America, is now manufactured in Springfield, Mass.,
 by Messrs. Palmer, Currjf.r UupsoN.
 They warrait, tnliie satisfaction
REFERENCES,
 Drs. Hamilton and Sprague, of Buffalo.
 Dr. Ganson, Batavia.
 Drs. Webster and Moore, Rochester.
 Dr. Potter, Gorham, (who wears one.)
 Dr. Hough, Syracuse s»pi4~fc‘m
Ilalsted’s Eclectic Medical Institute,
and Hater-Cure Establishment.
f l’ HlS Institution has been in successful operation
 -L during fourteen years, for the cure of all Chronic
 Diseases, and such as cannot be removed by medi
 cine alone.
MORE THAN THREE THOUSAND Pa
 tients have been restored to health and usefulness
 by the treatment pursued at this Institution, who
 could not find relief by any other course of medi
 cine. Hundreds who had been confined to their
 beds for years, and who were almost in dtspair,
 have bad renewed hope and courage when they have
 learned that others, laboring under as many discour
 agements as themselves, have been cured by this
 treatment after everything else had failed.
 Those who are laboring under CHRONIC, NER
 VOUS, or SPINAL difficulties, CURVATURES,
 &amp;c., which produce symptoms ol almost all other
 diseases, w-ith their accompaniments—as DVS
 PEPS lA,RHEUMATISM,NEURALGIA, COS
 TIVENESS, LOSS OF THE USE OF THE
 LIMBS, NUMBNESS, LOW SPIRITS, PAR
 TIAL INSANITY’, and a host of other diseases
 arising from the same cause—SPINAL WEAK
 NESS, which they nor their physicians understand,
 and which medicine alone will not cure—to such
 sufferers we would say, we are curing hundreds just
 like you every year. Physicians bring their wives
 and children to have them cured—why not come
 yourselves, and save life, time and money I
 a re using water in all the various ways in
 which it is applied in water-cure establishments; yet
 we do not rely selely upon it, or upon medicines as
 they are generally understood and applied; but a
 COMBINED TREATMENT WITH JE LECTRICITY,
 and a new' mode of application which truly is magi
 cal in its efficacy, and is always sure to cure, in one
 half the time it takes under any other treatment,
 allowing that treatment to be successful, w hich is not
 the case one time in ten.
Female Diseases. —Prolapsus Uteri (falling
 of the womb,) Leucorrhea, [whites] suppressed and
 excessive menstruation, the diseases incident to
 that period known as the turn of life’—involuntary
 discharge of urine and injuries from Childbearing,
 w hich are more frequent than Physicians are willing
 to acknowledge, especially within their own practice.
 Females frequently suffer for years from the diseases
 incident to their sex, and linger out a life of help
 lessness and pain, when a few weeks’ or at most a
 few months’treatmeut, would remove their difficulties
 and restore them to their families, with health to
 labor, to enjoy themselves, and to contribute to the
 happiness of others. This has never failed to lie
 accomplished in a single instance in this Institution,
 however weak and helpless the patient may have
 been on entering it. Many have come hundreds of
 miles on beds, in easy chairs, by boat, by carriage
 and railroad, who had not walked for years. These
 ladies have walked miles daily before leaving the
 Institution.
Such is our knowledge and confidence in this unpar
 alelled treatment for all long standing or Chronic dis
 eases, of whatever kind or nature, that we will offer the
 following
PROPOSITION:
We will enter into a special written agreement with
 such as desire it, who enter the Institution, follow the
 rules and regulations, and go through the system oj
 treatment, to pay their travelling expenses to and from
 the Institution, and board, lodge and nurse them, and
 give them our professional services, free of charge, if
 they are not helped according to agreement. This it is
 hoped will put a stop to cries of empyricism from
 those interested in keeping patients under their own
 charge, and will be a guarantee to those worn out
 by disease, who have spent much of their substance
 in procuring medicine, and seeking relief, without
 finding it; that here they will not spend their money
 without benefit, and that no false statements or im
 positions will be practiced upon them.
 The modus operandi of curing Female difficulties is
 a new discovery and practised only at this Institution.
 The most helpless and feeble cases, who have been con
 lined for years, are relieved immediately, and if not pre
 vented from ivalking by OTHER diseases, can go ud
 and down stairs in 48 hours after commencing treatment,
 without fear or trouble in regard to their original dif
 ficulty. Fo produce this almost instantaneous relief,
 the patient is subjected to no pain or inconvenience, and
 in every instance a speedy cure is performed. If any
 one doubts let them select the most trying and diffi
 cult case they can find, and test our veracity and shill.
 Our TERMS art easy.
 N T B.—Any one wishing to know more about our
 system of treatment for Lung diseases or any other
 difficulty can address us [post paid] and we will
 send them an account of the Institution—Certificates
 of cure—official report of last year, &amp;c., free oi
 charge—together with the most respectable refer
 ences in the city and country.
 P. S.—Our room is limited, therefore we want
 none to apply that can be cured at home. YVe pride
 ourselves in curing what others are not fortunate
 enough to do.
 Communications should be addressed (ollalsted
 Hall, Medical Institute, Rochester, N. Y., post
 paid. r
References. —Joseph Field Ex-Mayor, and
 Rev. G. YV. Montgomery, Rochester, N. Y.
TOHN D. RLYALEON, Hair Cutting Saloon
 O and Perfumery Emporium, 114, Blackstor.e-s
FREE PRODUCE STORE
NEW GOODS just recived. General reduction
 in prices.
 Fine 4-4 Prints various styles.
 New styles of Prints of medium quality, usual width,
 line and wide Paper Muslins. Also Colored
 Cambrics,
I^LVV*L^ a l* C0 Superior fine Chintz Umbrellas
 Oil Cloths.
Satinets, good and cheap. Also on hand, mostly at
 reduced prices Ginghams various qualities ami
 styles.
 Fine and heavy Shirting, Sheetings, and Pillow
 Muslins.
Striped Cambrics. Fine 6-4 Plaid Mus in.l
 Muslm de Laine, plain and neatly figured, afi wool.
 Linens, warranted free from cotton.
 Flannels 4-4 good and price lew. Canton flannels
 white and colored.
Table Diaper and Cloths, of different styles.
 Apron and Furniture Check. Cotton Handkerchiefs.
 Pantaloon Stuffs. Also Linen
 Drilling &amp;c.
 Long and half Hose, fine and heavy.
 Knitting Cotton, various Nos., bleached, brown, and
 colored,
 y fi dd iff and colored Cotton Laps. Also,
 Refined Loaf Crushed and Pulverized Sugar.
 Brown Sugar good quality, of various grades.
 1 lie whole stock exclusively Free Labor Goods,
 to which the Subscriber would invite the attention
 ol country merchants as well as his friends and the
 public generally.
 Much pains is taken by the Managers of the Free
 Produce Association, to assist the Subscriber to en
 large the assortment from time to time,
 GEORGE W. TAYLOR,
 D Northwest corner Fifth and Cherry-sts
 Philadelphia 2d mo. Ist, 1848. tf
TUST PUBLISHED a»d for sale at the office ot
 of the Anti Slavery Standard
 The Legion of Liberty and Force of Truth It h
 edition,
This work contains about 230 pages of close
 reading; 300 eminent authorities, and about sixty
 illustrative engravings. Price 37i cts. in muslin,
 and 25 cents in paper covers. A very liberal dis
 count to those who purchase a number of copies.
 The Condition, Influence Rights and Appeal ol
 Women from various authors, 12&amp;cent*.
 Letter to the People of the United States touching
 the Matter of Slavery. By Theodore Parker.—
 pp. 120. Price 181 cents,
 Win. W. Brown’s Lecture before the Female A S.
 Society of Salem Mass, Reported by H. M.
 Parkluiist, Boston-—pp. 22. Price 5 cents.
Anti-Slavery Office,
 No. 31, North Fifth Street, Philadelphia.
 A FULL assortment ol anti-slavery publication
 is kept constantly on Mind, Also u handsom
 variety of miscellaneous publications, and usefu
 and Fancy Stationery,
 All letters relating to the business of the office
 to be directed to J. Miller McKim, 31, North
 Fifth-street, Philadelphia. jul tf
“Every Man his own Physician.”
 THE HOME DOCTOR.
TUST PUBLISHED, a new and valuable book
 0 for every family in the country, and one that may
 be consulted with perfect safety. As its title page
 indicates, it is “THE HOME DOCTOR, or Family
 Manual, giving the causes, symptoms and treatment
 ol Diseases; with an account of the system while in
 health, and rules for preserving that state. Appen
 ded to which are recipes for making various medi
 cines and articles for diet for the sick room. The
 whole written for general use and dailyfpractice, by
 John B. Newman, M. D.”
Also, accompanying this book, or separate. is
 “THE HERB BOOK, a book tfoyoted exclusively
 to Herbs, giving their palest, varieties, description,
 medical properties and doses, use, time of gathering,
 and many other directions very useful for every fam
 ily to know, and written expressly for family use.”
 4he Herb Book is devoted solely to Popular Med
 cal Botany, and will furnish an that point all the
 nesired information wanted for general use.”
 The two books are put up and bound together and
 contain 200 pages, price 25 cents, or sold separate
 at 12J cents.
The symptoms of each disease are carefully given
 so tiiat one may lie recognized from another, to pre
 vent practising in the dark; also the treatment, a
 sketch of general physiology, and rules lor keeping
 in health, together with observations on their causes 5
 means of avoiding deleterious influences, and such
 other remarks as are deemed appropriate, for both
 malt and female,
The book has been written with great care, hi a
 plum, simple, common-sense style easily to be ur*
 deistood by every person, and by a practical physi
 cian im.l a thorough botanist. YVe can recommend
 it wnh entire confidence, as tieing a work superior
 m all respects to any other l»ook of the kind ever
 published at the price.
 I amilies in the country, and especially those liv
 ing in new countries and* unhealthy eiimates, should
 not fail to procure a copy and have it at all times at
 hand, in case ol sickness as they might thereby by
 some simple remedy save an expensive and protrac
 ted doctors lull, hether well or sick, such a book
 should be in every house as a safe and sure adviser
 in lnne ol need, ihe direction given for peisous in
 health cannot be too strictly attended to by all.
 The price at which the book is sold is so low that
 every family may have a copy, and none should be
 without it.
The book is put up in Paper binding, and can
 easily be sent by mail. Postage only cents to any
 aart of the United States.
00* Any person sending us one dollar by mail, and
 pnd paying postage on the letter, shall* have four
 copies sent hint free of postage.
 Sena in your orderss, there is no risk iu sending
 money by mail, it comes to us daily, and ihe book#
 always reach tlPir destination.
 0O“ Four families can club together and send a
 dollar bill, and have four books sent to one address.
WANTED—Agents in most of the States to sell
 this work, almost every family will purchase it it
 earried to their doors. A small capital of from S2O
 to S6O will be necessary for each agent. Address,
 vostpaid, GEO. YV. FISHER,
 April 1,1849. 6 Excliange-st, Rochester. N. V
g (i B*3 till j t a ifci
 a r ffi j jjy wp frp
 {j^fSnßßffiliiil
 ujfisiiiaaya i Mtuuaa
UNPARALLED IN THE HISTORY OF
 MEDICINE
AS THE MOST
 Remarkable External Application
Ever Discovered!
TIME and experience have fully proved that this
 UNIVERSAL REMEDY has not its equal
 on the list of popular medicines, having been before
 the public for more than fourteen years. Testimo
 ny of the most disinterested character of its wou
 deriul effects on the animal economy is almost daily
 presented to the proprietor. It is worthy of spe
 cial remark, that beside the great and extraordinary
 powers in the cure of
 DISEASES OF THE HORSE,
 in which its virtues first attracted the attention of
 the Farrier and Farmer, and the wonder of the
 public generally, it lias been successfully employed
 in a great variety of the maladies which
 AFFLICT THE HUMAN RACE.
Ignorance of facts and philosophy, start at the
 assertion that any one remedy can possess within
 itself the virtue of curing many diseases. Experi
 ence of more than fourteen years has nevertheless
 established the fact, that Merchant’s Celebrated
 Gargling Oil, or Universal Family Embrocation,
 will cure most eases and relieve such as the follow
 ing, among many others in the cure of which this
 Oil has been completely successful and in which oth
 er pretended remedies have completely failed:
 RHEUMATISM, PAINFUL NERVOUS AF
 fections, Bites of Animals, Frost Bites, Corns,
 Boils, YVhitlows, Asthma, Bruises, Burns,
 and Scalds, Cramps, Strains, Sprains,
 Ulcers lront local causes, Caked
 Breasts, Contractions of the mus
 cles,Wounds, Swellings, &amp;c&gt;.
 Also a host of diseases
 in Horses and other
 animals,such aa
 SPAVINS^
 Sweeney,
 RINGBONE,
 YVindgall, Poll Evil,
 Callous, Cracked Heels,
 Fresh YVounds, Bruises,
 Fistula, Sitfast, Strains, Lameness,
 Sand Cracks, Foundered Feet. Scratrlies
 OR GREASE, MANGE, FARCY, &amp;V *c.
 Numerous are the unsolicited statements of pa
 tients themselves, and others who have used the Oil,
 of cures which in themselves appear so remarkable
 that were they at all interested iu a pecuniary point’
 they could hardly have been credited.
 T lie ee Iterated Dr. Parker also writes as follows
 Dear Sir: I have prescribed your Gargling Oil in
 various cases of
PRACTICAL SURGERY,
 as a liniment, with marked success, and would com
 mend it to physicians generally for external use in
 all contusions, tumors, sprains, white swellings,
 and iu all ihemnatic affections, where external
 means are necessary. As a disentient, it is harm
 less where the febrile symptoms have been reduced
 by general treatment. In such cases, it is the most
 efficient remedy within the circle ot means now in.
 use.
I would also recommend it to community at large
 as a safe and powerful remedy here there is no
 general fever in all the above diseases* to be used
 Ireely, and to counteract inflammation fo a remark
 able manner. In bruised wounds it prevents swell
 ing, and consequent soreness in hot weather.
 From the peculiar nature of this Oil, and the
 unparalleled success it has met with in the hands of
 the CARRIER, FARMER and STAGE PRO
 PRIETOR, it is but justice to say, that of the
 great number ol medicines which have been ottered,
 none have been so well adapted to the prompt cure
 of Diseases to which Horses are liable; it has been,
 very justly called a Complete Panacea for the Horse
 For instance, read the follow ing:
 TO OWNERS OF HORSES.
 1 his is to certify that I have had for many years the
 care of from one hundred to two hundred horses
 and have made use of Merchant’s Gargling Oil for
 two years past, and can safely say, that for all the
 diseases that horses are liable to, I never saw its
 equal. I use about one bottle per month, and re
 eomnjpnd it to the public as the be3t medicine for
 an s "T In use E D minor.
 All orders addressed to the proprietor will bt
 promptly responded to.
 Get a pamphlet of the Agent, and see what won
 ders are accomplished by (he use of this medicine.
 bold by respectable dealers generally in the Uni
 ted States and Canada.
 Also by Post Willis, Wm. Pitkin, L. B.
 Swan, Winslow Young, H. D. Wade
 Rochester.
 i Gaylord, Henderson Panderson, Cleve
 and, U.; G Ding Son, Columbus, O.; Gordon
 Israel, Cincinnati, O.; McClure Co, Albany
 Hollister Co, Buffalo; Greenman Smith, Utii
 ca; 1 D Orris Co, Troy, NY. July 13—6mj
British Periodical Literature.
The I Ain don Quarterly Review the Edinburgh Review
 1 he North British Rei'icw, the Westminster Review,
 and Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.
 T'HE wide-spread fame of these splendid periodif
 cals renders it needless to say much in their praise*
 As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
 anything of the sort now published, w hile the polit
 ical complexion of each is marked by a dignity
 candor, and forbearance, not often found in works
 of a party character.
 :embrace the view's of the three great paitie*
 in England—Tory, Whig, and Radical. Black
 wood and the London Quarterly are Tory; the
 Edinburgh Review Whig; anti the Westmin
 ster Review Radical. The North British Re
 view is more of a religious character, having been
 I originally edited by Dr. Chalmers, and now, sin.es
 his death, being conducted by his son-in-law, Dr
 Hanna, associated with Sir David Brewster. Its
 literary character is of the very highest order. The
 Westminster, though reprinted under that title only,
 is published in England under the title of The For
 ks' 1 Quarterly and Westminster—it being in fact a
 union of the two Reviews formerly republished and
 reprinted under separate titles. It has, therefore,
 the advantage by this combination of uniting in one
 work the best features of both as heretofore issued,
 The above Periodicals are reprinted in New York,
 immediately on their arrival by the British steamers,
 in a beautiful clear type, on line white paper, ar.j
 are faithful copies of the originals, Blackwood’s
 Magazine, being an exact facsimile of the Edijfourek
 edition. s
prices roit 1849, (if subscribed for early. y
 For any one of the four Reviews, 00 per annum,
 For any two _ da 500
 For any three do 7 00
 For all four of the Reviews, 8 00
 For Blackwood’s Magazine, 3 00
 For Blackwood and the 3 Reviews, 900
 Foy Blackwood the 4 Reviews, 10 00
 Payments to be made in oil cases in advance
 CLUBBING. 1
 1 our copies of any or all the above works will
 sent to one address on payment of the regular sua
 scriplion for three—the iourth copy being gratis.
 EARLY COPIES.
 A late arrangement with tne British publishers of
 lack wood s Magazine secures to us early sheets ot
 that work, by which we shall be able to place the
 entire number in the hands of subscribers before an)
 poition of rt can be reprinted in any of the American
 Journals. lor this and other advantages seemed to
 our subscribers we pay so large a consideration, that
 we may be compelled to raise the price of the Maga»
 zine. I herefore we repeat subscribe early while
 the price is low.
 Remittances and communications should always
 be addressed, post-paid or franked, to thepubishw
 LEONARD SCOTT Co.
 Miu 7th'Fulton Street, New York
"
